Starting to wield the power of a
GO TIGERS!!!!! BEAT OU!
everything is going really well-- thanks for asking! hope all is well on your end
"Help me Jesus! Help me Opra!"
She was in the right side of the highway, and cars were passing on the left. Ybarra thought it was a two-lane highway. She was wrong.
Business travel will keep me away from most games this season, so it's better for a season ticket holder to run it.
Reports of a short firefight on Lechmere’ s point and the Continental troops are pushing British troops back toward their boats.
we use #IntlEd, some use
How do we amplify learning spaces, asks John Palfrey.
Correct...rematch it is, should be very exciting!!! : so do they play Walla Walla again?
Im going to be making body washes, shampoo, lotions, bath salts, bath teas, facial creams and my oils just came in the mail I am so excited
Sanity must supersede my existence, or else I become part of the problem.
I want!!
shut up
isn't robin hood foxy?
R.I.P Favorite Person #PoohBear And My Cousin AJ
Successful 1st quarter: Rich Baraniuk rlly said it all speaking on Laying the Foundation 4 Significant Change. OpenStax-nxt level.
I'm in Budapest for a few days of transnational hacking! Lots to report on my return.
Avoid using “quotation” marks “incorrectly” and where they serve no “useful” purpose.
I ate macaroni with bacon earlier(:
I REALLY hate the 30 min req'd courses on when a 3 min screencast & simple job aid would be WAY better & more efficient
Happy Birthay Miranda Cosgrove!!! :) please follow me :)
My jersey is now hanging in the closet between my jersey and Rickie Weeks jersey. #FavoriteAthletes :-)
Occupy my stomach
America, free enterprise will dominate once again Obama, pack your bags!!!! Thomas Bruzzesi will get this country moving again
woo! What size ? X
we need a cohesive culture to establish the regional brand and we need signature industries to be associates with it!
I have been here quite a few times. It is good.
what were you saying? Lol
Thanks, everyone, for your kind words.
please everyone go follow he is so nice and he would really appreciate if you were his 1000 follower. do it....... NOW
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year. Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.moo…
My name is Onika, you can call me Nicki.
Being a lax bro >>>
Looking for people that live or work in #Milwaukee's #Midtown. I would love to talk to you about ways that we can improve the
RT : Moms of twins/triplets can save $675 right now on our au pair program costs. website rcolley.aupairnews.com
Those of you in the Austin area, 10% off your initial clean when you mention this fb/twitter coupon! Book your pre/post ACL cleaning now!
10-4-- “: Yes! ovens! Marketing display tech.
I hope everyone has a great weekend! :)
Nope. That's a different Steve Aaron who lives about an hour away from me.
This morning I visited and read with Fountain Hills elementary school students in recognition of "Read Across America Day". Great kids & ...
yes haha in the boys bathroom in the commons
I'm glad I'm not able to watch this #Brewers game because it seems like a big bowl of suck.
The Titanic was built in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The usual comment is that: “It was fine when it left here!”
At JFK about to head into Manhattan on this sunny morning.
I'm glad they're not bringing that shit to maryland
What do I do?/: not even sure anymore.....
Also, what if there was no Twitter for me to post my insane and unsophisticated philosophical ramblings at 3 AM?
Happy Halloween!! Too old to trick-or-treat?? Come show off your costume at Choppers tonight and grab a pumpkin beer. Yum!
dreamed last night about an idea for a book. did quick search, didn't find the topic. might try and write this. who knows a publisher?
I guess whenever we think of Maddux, he looked like a CPA. So that toothbrush image just blows your mind.
Thanks , you're our 300th follower!!
Not an egg! Haha;)
hey I aint been on here ina minute
Start Thinking About Your Future... Lunch. At Classic Slice, Have you been to North Avenue Yet? 414.270.1880
Im sad because some one dos not txt me bake and when he txt me bake im going to tell him FUCK U
THEY'RE GOING TO PUT YOU IN TWITTER JAIL
I just showed glozell to my mom. Haha
Mall in MN, food court mexican. Fish tacos? Never had 'em. Thiss place is teeming with children.
my word is sacrifice. If Jesus can lay his life down for me surely I can crucify my flesh and follow him.
praise from Caesar
“: I love your video with Gym Class heroes. plus your really good on guitar ”- thanks!!
Nope--just in town for the weekend. Love the town, tho. RT Hope you made it to West Edmonton Mall. Did you enjoy yourself?
Hey girl! You are amazing.
No, that seems be an unreasonably low amount of money for the potential trouble you could face with insurance.
thanks honey
check out my bls
I think so … much quieter now.
I always want what I can't have..
Back in Sonoma this past weekend. Kayaking in healdsburg was lovely!
Kinda hot in these rhinos.
Will do :) What's your email?
Still in Madison, think we will be here for good. As for Hawks, that killed me. This weekend could be ugly.
Stop by and grab Happy Hour :)
Crows are an underutilized resource in academia, IMHO.
First tornados. Now snow. Strange weekend.
What I tell you in the dark, speak in the daylight; what is whispered in your ear, proclaim from the roofs. -Matthew 10:27
lol shoot man I'm just doin me...doin what I do best... lol
What's up at Y101?
thanks for being at the One more week to go for the summer season.
Thank you! Party was great, but the clowns just ended up hugging each other all night. Love connection. Are u feeling better?
moving to a new city may not necessarily help...I'll just feel better
did you get the 4s? love mine, but still haven't started using siri.
At ANSP: Eric found wire recordings in Pilsbry papers: Paul Callomon to broadcast @ Phila Shell Show: Pilsbry: Guest Speaker ... from grave
Egad!!!! We thought of it first!
I can tolerate a lot of things, but I really can't tolerate idiots.
I wish I could help. Where did you hear it?
Watching Whitney Glee..don't judge me!
I haven't done shit with my mom today. 😒
what were the pants you guys were wearing for the chicago meet and greet 2nd day?
and eternally blinking avatars in my hootsuite never end!
Thank you for the RT BadgerLink! We hope our partners can use these ideas and share others that they have come up with!
Of course my headphones break the instant I upgrade my account. Long train ride ahead!
Just set my alarm for 6:15 AM to watch Facebook trade! Fun!
Aberdeen data: 57% of business execs don't understand the benefits of BI. 1/3 of co's @ #BAsummit2011 have a resource that bridges IT & Biz
You just wanna take a faster ride, lower lows and higher highs.
Why did I turn so pale this winter?
A poor cardinal has built its nest above my window. Every day he flies into it trying to get in... I don't think he'll woo anybody this yr.
Congrats to all who graduated this passed weekend. We wish you well to your next adventure. Who's graduating this week?
lots and lots of guys in college cant score 10ppg
Susana Medoza I look forward to hearing your resignation speech next week
drumline highlight of halftime show
we will do that soon!
foursquare stalker
Couldn't catch the Knicks tonight... but the Pacers had 1 starter in double figures but 4 bench players, in a 15-point loss? Crazy week.
Does anyone have any screen shots of Austin's sex hair? loooooool. (x
whyy u don't believe me :(( #soul mate
I don't know how I feel about the bible being referred to as a best-selling book. Reading some weird #watchtower lit.
Most nights I have vegan hot cocoa right before bed. Like right now.
Hang'n with veteran actor/teacher Wayne Ward. Looking forward to some good scene work today!
Oh I had the best time with you too! And lucky for you my turkey neck didn't take you out. ;)
Yum - that sounds good!
Just saw a shit covered metro card on the floor of the subway, and now I want to vomit.
According to John Grunsfeld, research satellites orbiting earth have revolutionized our understanding of weather and climate.
Lovely day for trip to Birmingham for book buying and helping son to build pre A-level photo portfolio.
enjoyed brilliant people at the opb steering committee lunch today!
Are you more in love with Carlos or Demi?! c; Hehehe , love you.<3
I discovered the one person in the world who is more neurotic than me. My mom. Talking on a cell phone in a movie theater.
I wonder if we're actually going tomorrow :o
Turkoglu nails a big three and Magic only down 2 with 2:56 to go in first half.
music keeps me awake
that was great. Lol miss ya girl!
.... When you gonna be back on the field man how's the injury comin along???
This Lady Taking Fukkin Forever Just To Blow-dry Somebody Hair ! Geesh It's Not That Much Hurry Tf Up !
Im not sure but its available in CA has them often
latinas next to me worried about anglo boyfriends.
:O RT : I'll show y'all abusive
you are so real you are hyper-real - congrats
Here's to the Arianators who aren't follower hungry and are actually here for Ari. -Raises glass-
Great #miami night for #billboardbash at I admit I wanna meet
Meant night
And For The Smyrna And Lavergne Wana Be Thugs Girls and Boys....
Who downloaded for Android today?
Up next - the Chen awards for outstanding Master's Final Projects.
Thanks for the lead. Added them.
Sometimes editors need editors... Thanks,
Finally getting back in the studio next week with makin some new This Boy That Girl tracks
#WhyDoPeopleThink of college students 1st, corporate 2nd, & seniors last for filling volunteer needs? Who has the most time & experience?
"Too much caviar will make you sick." Rose Tarlow, Elle Decor, May 2012 My thoughts exactly!!
brewing up the next project...
That Was Hysterical
I'm sure there has to be some grass (moss) in there somewhere. A polar bear can't live on fish alone. God. I'm so hungry.
LOL bitch STFU you're annoying.
I want to hump your skinny legs
Hmm dinner suggestions anyone?
do you play college golf?
Taking note as patience is the virtue I seek daily RT “: "Adapt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." Ralph Waldo Emerson”
It was interestingly amazing that I was straight, and again would share with students my inroads
tanks should be here in about 2 weeks or so.
I love The Library song by Dancing to it right now!
U have a great weekend too future girlfriend! XOXO
Where r the caps i used to know???RT: Senators score a power play goal at 3:37 of the of the 2nd period. #Caps trail 3-0.
Ready for a fantastic weekend! Had a great time at 40 under Forty with . I'm thinking #QBar this weekend...
It's #cincodemayo and I don't have a margarita yet!
You will all love the Ménage merchandise we PERSONALLY designed for this tour!
"I wasn't that drunk." ..."Dude, you destroyed my mom's garden while yelling, "Fuck Farmville!"
Lmao! If that's what you call em, sure!
cant wait to be able to have the place picked up enough to have you and Jaynie over to show you, you guys would be so proud
Who wants to bring us some donuts? Anyone? Anyone? ...Bueller?
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the s
Well its finally Friday! Hope everyone has a safe and fun weekend!
Tremont is awesome. Detroit Shoreway has been good to me, but I would like to call Tremont my next home.
The music industry has finally caught on that Christopher Tin's "Baba Yetu," composed for a 2005 video game, is worthy of a Grammy nom.
25 days!!! Check out how we go from park to raceway out on Belle Isle!! You won't believe the transformation!
"We ♥ our Workplace” video contest submission The Two Steves is Shufflin'
Lmao glad I could make you proud. *gives you a "just graduated" hug*
At neko case concert. She's playing a harry nelson cover. Sounds really good.
Aaaaawwwwh Zoe and Bowie are perfect names. I was hoping u hadn't named them Killer and Godzilla. lol :P
I got like three Phillis from there theyre so good
My thanks, thoughts, and prayers are with all our veterans and their families on this great American holiday.
Tim Horton's coffee is freakin awesome!!! I was hungover big time but now am back to normal :)
RT“: I'm puttin' it out there; Newt & only Newt can bring the house down cause he knows what he's talkin about. That simple.”
where you homie
You were missed! <3
thanks! There's more where that came from....
I just need 1 follower until 70! Can you guys help me out?
i got the moves like jagger ;)
yes. I'll be in the city tonight.
It's super, super awesome. :D
Sometimes I can b a fucked up person
starting the week with welcoming our newest followers , , , , &
Happy #WW to our friends , , , , , and ! Great time last nite!
Sixers are running the Celtics out of their own gym.
I'll go sleep 2,30 am in LA I'll go to bed G'night or Good Bye better? Hahaha... See you later :)
Time for work again..
RT : I don't enjoy pleading (although I love cajoling) so please vote YES on the SAG/AFTRA merger.
Damn! Down to 57% power and still have 7 hrs to go! Conserve! Conserve! No more updates! So hard! Ah! Conflicted.
Wish I could have come! I bet you're jumping around like a mad woman in your apt. right now. lol
thank you for following us
lol was this Cameron? There's a little girl...so I assume...
At the Tribes game!
If you could be 10pounds richer or even get a pauls boutiques bag some of you girls are willing to PHUCK a herpes infected horse
So do the radio stations really only have like 10 tracks? We have seriously heard the same songs beaten to death.
wow...he did grow up...
107.9 is killin it with the throwbacks right now !!!
Can they also take away last nights 9th inning?
Georgi gets us free soups and salads with her charm at fultons crab house.
Lame! We'll miss you.
So just for the record for the slow people...the picture hint is Brooklyn. Join the fun
Hey I just bought you and this is crazy but heres my ice cream so melt it maybe?
Here we go!!!! Who will be racing for Portland Mayor??? KPDX 8pm starts right now!!!
On the way home and enduldging in headphones to listen to music d^~^b
i'm selling out to capitalism by working at a bank though
Joel Anthony... Best player in the world
#GoingRed with Red beans and quinoa!
No! RT : lol! You are ridiculous! I'm giving up Starbucks for the New Year. lets see how long that lasts
I Love A Girl That Can #Hoop :) .
A in philosophy!!!
Some people just need a hug... with my hands, around their neck.
"Music is the universal language of mankind" (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)
Welcome! RT : #SmallBizChat This is my first time joining the chat too. Good to be here.
RT The size of the problem is never the issue -- what matters is the size of you!
Am I the on sports fan on who could care less about the draft? There are two game 7's in the tonight.
Today is a great day. just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!! It's amazing!!!
Everything is coming together for THATCamp Texas 2012! It's going to be a great unconference!
Good Morning to all my followers have a great day!!! Let's go!!!
You should make an app add-on that cost a dollar that doest do anything but a donation to your hard work. U might make upto $12.00
I wanna watch breaking dawn
Here .. Happy to see my hubby .. But still in shock that I'm actually in Alaska again.. Haha ;-)
Movies at the best friends house
Or, more precisely, she's a hypocrite who uses prayer to say f'you.
Most respondents on latest poll say they have not experienced any significant security or privacy issues related to social media
Some bad names we came across this week: 1) ooVoo - video chat software
Act your age
The Miami Heat ruined basketball that's why they must lose.
Sure sweetie there you go I followed:)
Mount Vernon residents did a great job transitioning to One Plus One trash collection!
RT "Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
y'all like yo meats
Costs, shrinking demand squeezing exporters - China Daily
what price points?
Finally got my car back! Woot woot
Mane my stomach trying 2 hurt
Uhm, that's unattractive. Please stop.
": Aye pablo ima hitchur phone u got the same number?"nah I change it erry month lol check ya dm
Thanks to everyone for the #FF and the support i couldnt get anywhere without my friends!
I think it's wisdom. Too many people have been inadvertently "killed" via Twitter in an effort to break news.
Tebow is the FUTURE (prototype) of the NFL, not the 'past' as everyone made fun. RGIII owes TT a LOT of money!
Mantis is an amazing 3Dscanner! RT Coming to in Minn? will be showing the brand new amazing Mantis Vision "F5"
Hope everyone on the East Coast stays safe this weekend.
That's what the author of the article "Where my Girls At" was saying! I agree, although I would say the '80s too
sup girll come drink!!!
"Gingers don't grow on trees," says my secret ginger boyfriend who just fell out of a tree.
we're twins .. && all I need to know is you're racist !
are you bringing a video camera? Where are you headed?
#FF to the ever-helpful Joanna is always a source of good advice.
But, people don't even know these discrepancies exist sometimes.
I think its a great idea and I would take part in it. We need more support with all local businesses IMO.
Correction: Pascrell still on GOP side, just in from aisle. Let out loud yell against return to crisis-causing policies
so What are we doing?
"I'm Todd Manning, you son of a bitch."
And now Noah's off the court again. But still. Dwight's a baby, even if he does have sexy shoulders.
oh sorry ^_^
Great Twitter party :) thank you for spreading awareness!
is thinking about her houston peeps and places ...
Wow! You are ahead of me RT : 4 kids are nestled into bed, I laid out tomorrow's school clothes and now I'm making lunches.....
when are we going to learn you cannot just drive to the basket with no regard to where defenders are located
I seen RuPaul ova the weekend!! lolol
yeah I was supposed to wake up earlier but my neighbors were outside making noise ALL NIGHT.
Don't you leave my little life.
It's the first time & I talk and he's already confusing me lmao
Sauce from Famous Dave's on my Father's Day shirt.
I NEED EVERY DJ IN YOUR CITY TO HAVE THIS "GETTIN EM" SINGLE, CAN YOU GUYS HELP ME OUT BY TWEETING THEM OR TEXTING THEM?
Yay!!! Baby Julius is here!! I'm so excited-i love when my friends have babies!!!
#dhtrial jury won't take a lunch break. Someything going down now...
Leaving office for gym.~~Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.~~Author Unkown
are here, in massachusetts, playing a show and i have no idea where or when it is. i may cry.
No problem!! All I ask is that you pay it forward by spreading the word. A is life changing :).
Now seeing patients in Santa Monica! Tuesday and Friday afternoons from 1 to 7 PM I'm located at: 2901 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 233 Santa Moni…
You mean "tweeting" with the stars!
All roads lead to Miramar, tomorrow! Vintage Reggae WinterFest
My mom was telling me all the things she does for her seminary class. She's so embarrassing and adorable and hilarious xD
": Homerun! Gomes! Go Reds!" --> The Reds are looking good so far. I'm going to the Cardinals game tonight. Brrrrr!
Attending Friends of Family Farmers InFARMation event about chickens tonight!
we will miss you in Packerland man! Nothing but the best to your future!
lol what its funny ha!
Matt Kemp with the solo hr!
If you like music follow us!
Ron Piper surfaces. Anyone know that name? Publisher of Psychedelic Illuminations magazine? Anyone?
so what do you want people to think about your Sambas and pocket square?
so true!! Thank you twitter!!
I am SO #ReadyForJonas2012 :))) OH YEAH
Oh no! Why's that? Can we help with anything?
After I left... Can't find anything I LOVE lately. Doesn't stop me from continuing to try :-)
thanks for following! ;)
Trying to read about Apple's keynote but is DOWN!
I am, but TE very weak crop. With the 1.5 PPR, I'd go get him
im so late lol yayeeee to tomorrow!! lol I got to see you tomorrow!!!! :) can we bake brownies?
Pretty certain I legit gave myself a Sleeper Suplex. Beyond overjoyed right now. Hooray !
Andruw Jones really just got a base-hit
#HurricaneIrene First Outer band move over the eastern coast. Expect rain.
Get in The Mixx!
wow 2 days in a row I was completely unable to make it to the gym after work because I was stricken by a sleepiness only to wake up too late
Sorry to have missed you. I did not have or purchase tickets so no, I did not attend.
"It Ain't Gonna Be No War On Wax We Comin To Ya Show PatnA .. See If You Can Handle Them Truck Buck SWSuperman
Bout tweet my wedding to my fiancee #SoHeKnowItsReal lol
Three secrets to a successful SEO strategy are: 1. knowing what to do internally 2. knowing what to outsource 3. knowing who to outsource to
it's nice to see all the random high school kids amongst the fancy names.
Hi & Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to a visit soon. Cheers!
GM lady bug! Off to work you go?
Finally holding in my hand 5 presale tickets for our gig a week from today. We are excited! Tweet me if you want one, you get a free CD!!!
o ok thts wuz well she go hard in the paint
It doesn't start with exercise. It doesn't start with diet. It starts with the knowledge and belief that you will become who you really are.
I had them a lot too...especially the cutie oranges. You're lucky to be hitting summer fruit soon too!
Good morning and TGIF!
How much did you spend for PPC (Pay Per Click) last year?
Next week, omg :( IMA CRY MY EYES OUT.
just think in less than a year you'll be able to take the T to No. Station transfer and step off
Me too and I love that it will be in #FortWayne . Let me know if you want to get involved and I'll send you that info also
May 14 Open Line: Killing babies good, killing murderers and rapists bad. I mean this is bizzarro world right? Wake me up. "Obama's t...
I'm sure the Klingon Cpt in Star Trek I whose ass Kirk kicks, is the professor from Back to the Future.. Would make sense
Mention me! my mentions are totally dead!
I'm not that big of an asshole.. 😉
WTH IS WRONG WITH YOUR FRIENDS?
I'm done with this fucking shit.
“: You wouldn't care so much about what other people think if you realized how seldom they do - Eleanor Roosevelt"
True. RT : I need a drink
Driving behind someone going the school zone speed limit
That being said, Washington area sports are getting pretty interesting/fun to watch.
Sheeeit nigguh im moving and hbu ": what r u up to? smile."
drunk driving <<<<<
I'm so excited, do more live chats like that. :)
I hate this bipolar weather right now. Mother nature, y u on your period?
pennants will be available after the bowl annoucement tomorrow night!
But, but...the Red Wings play SO clean...
It's funny how fast your mood changes
Excited about Meck GOP debate. Mak sure to ask me about the Marriage Amendment.
thanks for the depressing suggestions. ;p
the really amazing thing? Lincecum ended up outpitching Greinke in this one, hard to believe after the 1st 2 innings, but true
My whole body is begging me to sleep. Guess I should listen.
Kind of want sum breakfast..really not in the mood tho
#onlyif you knew how much i really miss you..
true, babies are way over rated
did u get urrrrr roman reloaded?
I reject your reality and substitute my own. - Adam, Mythbusters
Hanging out under the flashing lights tonight!!! \(^.^)/
thank you for being so awesome :-) just didn't want you too forget 
Where'd you get it?
The sweetest note from a dear friend has me on a high. Good compliments are great energy for my soul.
I'm not saying the tornado watch is God's reaction to what happened at the Capitol today. I'm not saying it's not, either...(g)
Thanks to all of you for your help!
Just getting my twitter account set up
I just want somebody to love.
A person who publishes a book appears willfully in public with his pants down. Edna St. Vincent Millay, 1892-1950
Thanks for the follow! Semper Fi from one proud Marine Wife :D
Today I will play the main event of the Norwegian Championship. Table 31, seat 2. No more bubbles, please! We start in an hour or so...
Oh good! Happy to hear that (although I will break the news to Johnny C. gently)...
Right on! RT I saw ur tweet abt Guinness for breakfast, Im now going to hit a PT's on the way home.
yeah LA!
so is it your new single?
the need for the union has been outdated for decades. #Reaganomics only mobsters & those on the inside benefit
lol. Can you imagine someone reading a horoscope in prison and it tells you that you are meet the person of your dreams???
will someone please tell me why my food is not here yet?
we can span all genres of design as well. edgy, cartoony, modern, sleek, corporate... you name it. just let us know! =)
< Fellas this RECORD is SOLID!!!! #DOPE!!!!! My Nig.
Sick of being lonely
Who is going to be voted out of Celebrity Apprentice this time? This is like the only thing I watch on Sunday night - season almost done.
Only 2 more days to take advantage of the Mother's Day Special!
a discount store called lomans :) they have expensive stuff for less - I haven't seen it anywhere else & I took the tag off
Shaq told Kenny to kiss Chuck like he kissed Dick...I'm gonna assume that is a person named Dick....
next time we will take the pudding, sauce, hotdogs, and you, me, and tiffy will go chill in dc!
R.I.P Eriks Xbox 360. Its been a good run. 10/25/2011 The day my xbox red ringed.
My dog is apparently barking at crickets. I don't even know.
That awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
:D I HUGGED THE OFFICIAL BIOS SHIRT!! :3
RT : A lot of buzz is floating around the music industry about will let you know more when we find out.
Great trick!
thanks for letting me borrow your wife tonight. Missed her!
Shhh~no one tell...I ran away heheheheheheheeee!!! Only u all + a few others know;) giggle giggle;)) (I'm coming home, 1 day, maybe~jkjk);p
Remember everyone, you can post anything Lyons related here. And share this fanpage with all your friends and family.
RT : We understand power is out, we are working on the cause and solution. We do not have a restoration time yet.
appreciate the love my nigga!
stop tweeting and start working
RT So it turns out that the American who disrupted the most terror plots was Jenna Jameson. Congressional Medal of Honor?
#first40songsonshuffle 40. Not Afraid - Eminem :D
How was your weekend?
I cried my eye out reading news about someone used a golden retriever as a speed bump. What a jerk.
I see
Emma looks Wonderful, but I feel like I've seen tht style dress on other Actresses before. *Nicole shrugs*
yeah. It sucks! Good luck.
I love my family but i hate when they argue with each other
I know I know, just messin'.
I got Dicks on my bumps.
Secret Stall Tuesdays now offers free Sonic T-Shirts as the prize at Sonic #Baltimore !
EVERY pres at #IB7 was tops. Logistics #fail though. Need better communication about no food and that drinks weren't allowed in auditorium.
I can't take dykes anymore. Officially on mute. Not listening to his stupidity the rest of the year. Done. Terrible technicals. Both were.
Hey college girl. Always surprised to see attractive women following me. I'm curious how you found me. Care to share?
Off to Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy with people I have not seen in a while. I'm bringing presents! (Hint: books)
RT : We have a new ongoing Peruvian art exhibit at Cafe Cuzco in Ballard, WA. Check it out! www.cafecuzco.com
Checking in at Air France and I already smell someone's Chanel No. 5!
Bitch some more.
Sunny and 32. Time for a long bike ride.
It's snowing!! Come by & the all exclusive tomorrow night for some drinks! Mention #MVP DM us for tables
all good!
Good morning Miami... Brunch is served. Time for mimosas! ;-}
There are so many iLMM Seddie videos on YouTube-- I can't wait to see them when they actually air the episode! haha
I took a sip, from my devils cup
I'd rather live in a church and devote myself to God.
Miami for a cookbook shoot!
Will someone wake me up when this semester is over? Kbye.
I have to think the Giants own the advantage in this OT because of Manning, but SF is really playing strong defense.
#askjennette do you ever get time to watch fanmade youtube videos people make of/for you? (:
Just wondering who manages your online media and marketing services?
I'm honored to be named "Best Brewers Shirts" in the October ("Best Of") issue of Milwaukee Magazine. Pick up the issue to read why.
That wasn't Johnny Dep you saw at #Grammys that was #thecivilwars well-deserved win guys
I'm tonight & you should be too!
that's what I love about GitHub. It's decentralized, but easily searchable AND lets you fork your own copy.
Those Late Night phone calls with the Person you Like (; >
That would be the #Truth I just bestowed upon you.
My dress came today!!! Cannot wait to try it on!! Thank You Jesus! :-)
what did you get? i always get double steak chicken and beef with double of everything on it, and then with chips and a drink
Wide eyed.
Oh... I'd buy a lottery ticket if I were you!! (I get a kick when things happen in 3s.)
About to take my first spin class!
It's always something with the #Eagles..losing Peters is a HUGE hit.
Why is it so hard to find an old fashion do it yourself carwash in
Remember when we could post links on the internet and others could just click those links to visit the pages?
I just realized I spent the last 3 hours jumping around my poolhouse playing air guitar to "Every Rose Has It's Thorns." Alone.
Who was a fan of Donna Summer? R.I.P. Donna!
especially of the female persuasion !
RT What's the difference between confidence and ego? Confidence is knowing I can do it. Ego is wanting YOU to know I can do it..
Pistachios are so f'in addictive!
Judge don't act like Jeanenne ASSUME
Greenwood/Center Grove area. We love it. Lots of trees & hills, reminds me of Tennessee :)
My mom just brought her play off tickets! really mom the #superfan lol!
RT : Some #FF love to They're magically...
ATTN: fanatics and #Belly backers alike: Chick-fil-A is nearing their 10,000th check in meaning someone is about to win swag!
#BOYFRIENDReview i think boys will serenade us soon with it .haha
Justin Timberlake is getting married!!! ... I am happy 4 him but 4 some reason I feel like crying...
OMG we are about to leave!!
I don't think they make those...
Whoa! Say what? It was there like a week or so ago. Wonder what happened?
Nanakusa is my favorite sushi restaurant. Saki Tumi is also really good.
Double D'd up bitch
You're right about Rondo. As much as I love Tubby, Rajon was an AWFUL fit in his system. He needs freedom, had none at UK.
SOUL SURFER WAS SUCHH A GOOD MOVIE!!! loved it<333
Coming up at 8:15a for 's "A Few Words With…" is none other than Leonard Bernstein. It's nice to cruise into work w/ Lenny.
If u submitted a track on Blazetrak, for please let know that the review has audio&visual due to past issues. Thanks!
This is a great show so far. Nicely done. I can feel the intensity of that moment!
california two weeks get ready
feel free to bring some across the hall
Thanks for the birthday wishes! I hope you're feeling much better now! :)
stop being amazing k
That concludes futurist David Houle's presentation at All City. Stunning!
hey do u have a tumblr?
Punk'd!
Hype as balls for #theraven ..dorkshit
I smoked pot with johnny Hopkins. It was johnny Hopkins and sloan kettering.
LMFAO! Oh, you know, just asking life's questions! :)
And, thanks for sharing with us on Tuesday- I'm just getting started on my own writing path, can't wait to see where it goes!
RT @ Sittercity Hi Ashley, who is in charge of social media marketing at Sitter City?
: Woo!:D yea it is no big sell out show but its going to be a fun one with our friends..."our roots" haaha! Cant wait girl!
Pailla: We could all use more information, using a set of assumptions - inflation. A lot of things we don't know 100% about. Bipartisan cmte
follow me and to keep up with cuz from CT--hes making moves n needs the support of the Bx---
Dont i look like that fish from spongebob?
RT I'm eating
95 on my math test :)
structure fire. Birch hill and lyndale. Lots of public safety officers in the area. I hope everyone is ok.
I want to watch The Lucky One but then I'll fall in love with Zac Efron & then I'll be depressed the rest of life since I can't marry him.
Hey remember last year when everyone was falling over themselves about Zach Randolph?
Too much fun last night hanging out w/ at Tower Bar in LA. In town for #THOR premiere monday, game comes out 5/3.
has the most News Mentions, Search Trends & YouTube Views. Tomorrow can show how important social media is for elections.
At my first film of the festival and I can't remember name of film to save my life - Marsha Marsha Marsha?
Love my hair so much<333
do it
If your on 1 im on 2
- we love to see hard working startups get great opportunities. Congratulations!
AWSUM RT : “: My pilot got picked up ! VEGAS RISING Dennis Quaid Carrie Anne Moss & me
-glad your mom finally figured out how to focus my camera.
NCL Caribbean Freestyle Dash Sale today thru Friday only. Get up to $250 shipboard credit & 50% reduced deposit! Let's Go! 800-803-7245
thank u :)
Seeing my grandparents never fails to just put me in a good mood #love #numberonefans ❤
just did the beach body instanity fit test its not a damn joke smh
HES TALKIN SHIT! IM THE REAL DEAL! you read that in Niall's voice didn't you? :P
cheers, bud! go pack!
Sometimes the chance encounters in the hall are the best part of the conference. :)
yes george I remember. I go hide in the brush like ya told me george. Ketchup!
just wanted to say I'm excited to see the billboards/posters of all over LA! I feel like I know her through you.
I hate getting messages from you. It’s like you know the perfect shit to say, fucks up my whole day.
still like whoa she knew that song B4 I showed it to her wow Your welcome) that's the 2nd time I've made your day the last time
the on on twitter with forrest
indeed! just noticed that I am going to be in your Glendale AMG :)
Damn, sorry to hear that, hopefully you can get some answers, back problems suck!!!
bahahaha!!!! I figured as much but i couldn't resist. ;P so funny. And SO gross
I appreciate the rocks and the gifts that you copped me baby
She is smarter than that. She should run at the top of the ticket.
Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real & some are fake. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I believe music trends in five-year increments. I think you could make a solid argument for 90-95 for a number of genres
OMG IS SO CUTE IN RACE TO WITCH MOUNTAIN.
totally will do but I sure hope I can get a follow one day, now that would be the coolest :)
Painted over graffiti today at 5855 - goo be gone!
Great Friday night at Karma ,
Totally agree!
my my my, how times have changed.
Brewvies in Salt Lake City!! :0)
Shot my video EPK today for my new record and videos for three songs with Total pros made it so easy.Can't wait for the cuts.
Be there tomorrow night! Looking forward to catching up
Finna peel out like snake skin
Bills upbeat in reporting for voluntary workouts
love it!!!
Teacher: Can anyone give me the name of a liquid that won't freeze ?Pupil: Hot water !
Blessed Wednesday! Up, so very thankful & looking forward to a new day w a big smile 😃 Please be kind out there!! ✌
K so I was at Starbucks pearlridge and there was this lady in her 40s, lookin at me up and down. like, do you have a problem lady?
feels like home there doesn't it?
I Liked you!
#PAD love that profit margins are being showed next to sack sizes. Great line up. Phil laak is super entertaining!
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Thanks for spreading the word about YDE In Concert at the Greenberg!
cool. looking forward to checking it out.
I wanna see the Newsies on broadway so bad.
What's most amazing is that Grenell's disgusting history of misogyny wasn't enough for to overlook his sexual orientation.
Writing an article for Fox News Latino, which career-related tips do you want to read about this week??
#WRESTLEMANIA28 Finally the rock has come home
Me too Me too! Anything combining Watch the Throne and kitties, I fully endorse.
...I know...all black, it attracts the sun!
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
i love the
I've never been more embarrassed to be a knicks fan.
#FollowMeAlexConstancio i still have hope that one day you will FOLLOW ME<3
Personally, I'm rooting for Ian Poulter's super awesome pants.
right , i already put it on dvd
“: When are ya coming to West Michigan?! Preferably Muskegon!” Not sure? Hopefully soon=)
i thought you knew. we talked about it a while ago. i'm aiming for a 2:15, but finishing is more important.
Can you watch #AmericanIdol while you tweet? Awesome performances by Jessica, Joshua, and Phillip tonight.
Our National Pageant is June 13-17 in Orlando, Florida!!
get down on some zombies!?
Sizwe how tings in Miami bro?
its sunday
Taco Casserole Recipe Need an easy, homestyle dinner the kids will love? This taco casserole is the perfect choice. Made with Read Full P
Now that's the problem.....our Lord and Savior blessed us with these wonderful memories that cannot be erased! THANK U JESUS!
If anything gone do a track with 2 chainz not future like really future out of all people
How come there isn't an app that will let me replace Keith and Brent's keyboards with Tom Constanten's?
i just watched SNL again bcuz i fell asleep last night during the show...
Air bubbles in my screen protector make me CA-RAZY!!!
“: Loving the app!! Listening to my brother at work this morning.”
The 2 Young Studs Party is underway, and the rowdiness is at all time high levels. Hilarious!
Thank u!
lol glad you are comfortable blasting me on Twitter, thank you very much
“: Me: "dude I'm not tripping...1000 ppl follow me" : "It's 973...shut the f*ck up." #owned” dont try to church it up
Awesome idea! Thanks, Katy!
Marlee's running for sweetheart, not you
That awkward moment when you finally take a decent picture and then as you continue to stare it gets uglier .
Dumping your girlfriend via hangman.
Hashtag for Saturday's Accessibility Camp DC is #a11ydc. Look for info about streaming two rooms talks later tonight or in morning.
Discipline your children while there is hope. Otherwise you will ruin their lives. (Proverbs 19:18 NLT)
I wish I had magical powers.
Lmao TF!!! Her child gonna be be green AF
I usually like being alone but recently I haven't been able to stand it.
Woodman's commercials piss me off.
You watched the video? I couldn't contain myself lol
LMAO!!! Peace dude!
and he has a gun to your head forcing you to follow him and read these reports, correct?
Quick run. Sunshine felt great. I just finished a 2.02 mi run with a pace of 9'06"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
what the Econ? I'm not about to do it hahaha
RIP Whitney Houston: You will truely be missed
weather dude: "thunderboomer" is a STUPID MADE UP WORD and I hate that you used it.
It took till 4 in the morning but I moved back in and got rid of all my junk.
Not "chain of command" - "chain of evidence" My son had me on the run all day and my brain is fried.
how's coachella going?
Today was gross!>:/
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love. We are only afraid of not being loved in return.
1 US Swine flu death today...115 car accident deaths today...come on media!
hi so?
I thought alcohol was a requirement at these events...
It's always the funny boys that make you fall in love.
We love and can't wait to hear ! We would love to hear "Honestly!"
the ones who claim they don't want commitment , be the first ones to catch feelings .
You only live once so take excellence personally.
Ready for the drinks to start pouring at #devlearn! My hand feels empty!
There we go. Awesome. Thanks a ton.
I am never opposed to reviewing self published books, but for heaven's sake don't use comic sans as your cover font! Yes, I *will judge you.
This morning, in a room full of children watching TV, my boy was playing with the trains.
Follow us on our new twitter
Next week ill be in Miami! Can't wait! We bout to go in! No bags I'm goin shopping when the plane land.
get it inside! Come on Bucky!
This project was made possible with funding from the Open Society Foundations, which we're also grateful for.
still smoking bud?! cuz that doesn't have an H and come on, we all know that isn't a drug!
Happy Thanksgiving! I'm so thankful for my family, friends and the massive amounts of food I was able to prepare and consume. Gooble indeed!
Am I the only one who tries to make Spring come faster by breaking out the next season's wardrobe a little early?
Very interested! Thank you for your support. We can be reached 24hrs at admin at lovecrunch dot com! Hope to hear from you!
haha...sounds like a helluva guy.
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships. Helen Keller (via )
Thank God for NHL game center. Great app. 3-1 Rangers. While watching the royals game
#ImTheTypeOfPerson who won't trust you unless you prove yourself trustworthy.
So the #Patriots made a whopping 60 tickets available to the public today!?!? #Bo I will post a working ticket link in a minute...
you don't kno me or my parents
It's that moment where a fart becomes more than a fart...
Had a sweet ISD draft game last night that hinged on a turn 3 chump block. Magic is really tough.
OMG AUSTIN, I SCREAMED WHEN LONDON WAS ON THERE. I WILL TRAVEL DOWN FROM SCOTLAND IF IT WINS
Thrilled! Builder Radio webinar today; Followup Strategy, Tools Bob Musa, Jack Fugiel. Lots of interest, questions!
If I die tomorrow I will freak out because I'm scared of dying ):
What kind of energy are you sending out into the world? ...you'll know based on what you are receiving in kind - give good to get good!
I just finished a 1.45 mi run with a pace of 13'45"/mi and a time of 20:01 with Nike+ GPS.
im so turbo-charged with happiness right now. getting ready to head up to syracuse for graduation. so proud of her!
Im am so bored and tired. :( i hate school
tomorrow ... last thursday as a freshman .!
"Girls only! We're the jingle bells not the jingle balls!"-Mrs. McCluskey
if lady gaga and michael jackson had kids their kids would turn out out with a very unique style and amazing singers;) lol
RT I can watch #adultswim all day
me to :( & we were soo wild!! It was fun tho haha
Gettin ready for work
Listening to until I fall asleep <3
I was using the railing on the hospital bed (here at home) to do squats today. Def need to work on flexibility too, I've found.
appreciate it. :)
Emphatic nay!
I mean who else haha
Can you go on tour like tomorrow I'm in need of a Bieber concert!
Finished hosting TEDWomen webinars for their sponsors and other TEDx organizers across the globe. What a spectacular event this one will...
damn lol my bad havnt been on here for 2 days but ima call u later today
Front row at CATS! Thought we were 4th row. This is awesome. Happy birthday Kenzie! (@ Broadway at Clowes Memorial Hall)
Ok History Department, Laser Tag Friday Nov. 18th. We need 2 build a dynasty like Seal Team 6 and beat the Anthrop department. R U with me?
Next visit: Grady & Big Joe Show on Listen for us at 11:30 am. You ready, ?
If you ever fantasized of working for Vogue, following will help relieve you of any bitterness of that dream deferred.
...meaning going to the gym, having dinner with John, reading my books, and working on my monologues!!!
It's overly simplistic to say that talking alone will heal #PTSD and #trauma. But there are some wounds that won't heal unless addressed.
Seth Godin sums it up best- Getting things done fast: Don't demand authority. Eagerly take responsibility. Relentlessly give credit.
With out a doubt, the best Star-Spangled Banner singer I know is
Louie Mullers is in Taylor, I think it may be a little better than J's but probably just splitting hairs
no I needed visa to let me sign up on Instagram luckily I found my old one in my wallet and got Instagram
DVRed this week's episode, just watching now. OMG!!!
aw love youse more !so do i cant wait till next weekend :*
Have you bought anyone music lately?
I'm I'm the A but I love Nc born an raise aside from the high school years I did in staten island ny! 252 to 919 to 718 to 704 an now 678
About to go in hard on this home work
We are having an Open House today till 7:30 please come join us!
it's hilarious
The new spoon record is so god
Wanna be a vendor @ our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park? Non-Afr items ok. Direct Mail us if interested. Thanks!
cant sleep:(
I'm what you need.
Live. Laugh. Prosper ✌
hey guys Sexy Pablois back () !!
#VZWXTAB why not give me the Tablet ...LOL
After the Reds 2-0 W last night the #Rockies are the only #mlb team without a 1-0 or 2-0 W under their belt.
Stonebriar parking lot is packed... -__-
Totally going for a bike ride.
Submit to me via email and I can pass it along. :)
RT Rob Thomas is sound cking at #Maui Four Seasons...luv our sunbathing soundtrack! He is awesome!
Javascript continues to be crazy. Compelling new frameworks keep popping up to solve & create new problems. Can't we all just be friends?
is Jackson quad reason to worry? If so, do I grab Cadillac or Norwood?
Less than an hour left! Hurry & tweet us "I wanna get fancy!" to win a free tee! Winner announced @ 5:30pm! What are you waiting for? Tweet!
I need to sober up first... But I'm down.
Officially hooked on e!'s
davaid sedaris last night was or course hilarious, and surprisingly crass! oh and he really likes the word 'chilling'
crazy like cee lo
“Maybe some women aren’t meant to be tamed. Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with.”
So this Union and RedBulls MLS game is going to provide as much excitement and competition as the #ManCity game I watched earlier, RIGHT?
As the time for finals to end nears, the limit of my desire to study approaches zero
Probably not, although we're a college library so...more research and academics.
All of my LA folks hit me up. I'm going to be at NAMN for the nexts couple days.
A card with a "booger" in it from my husband. It was glue made to look like it. Horrible! Swagname: useurdifference
I have so many good people and moments that make me smile! Life is good
reading about the Christian Right's plan to "fix" gays and prevent kids from becoming gay #thisiscomedy!
Makes sense. But I don't like it! ;)
What did you waste the most time doing this weekend? Do you regret it now?
What would happen if Brittany Griner and Anthony Davis had a baby?
One more flight.
My hair is so poofy today.
#ninjas with
If a guy treats you like a princess, then he definitely wants to be your prince. ♥
#Anyonewhosgoingtomakeanimpact12 has my vote
Dreamt I was viciously attacked by a hummingbird last night. Don't be fooled, folks. They're tiny but relentless.
Arshavin has to go, he clearly can't be arsed for god sake !
All you can eat?! $13?! I'm sold. Thanks for the reply :D
Wow you have perfect life,phone,car,clothes and body,yet you still complain.
Mega house: could I borrow your city a few days?
That's pretty awesome.
Homer only given up one run through 7
oh my bad, I was gettin cuz we were dr... No, I was drankin a mess last night..
<thanks for the retweet!
"sometimes you have to be the waiter at your own restaurant before you can get where you really want to be" -J.Talbot
im cool thnks :D yh bbe! you missed me?! :)
How big.
If you believe firmly in what you are selling, it will be much easier to be confident presenting your biz/ideas.
RIP Levon Helm - I guess this was finally the night where they drove old dixie down. You will be very missed.
glad u joined RT : Wrapping up amazing Obama conference call with
Happy friday
We are playing at Skullys tonight at 11pm. Come out!
Be in the now.
Patrick is tonight's winner.
I saw that, Chica!
why I'm in the office
I've got cold feet, anyone?
I'm in English class, just finished writing an Impromptu Essay and I'm dying.
“: The first film I remember making a really big impression on me was The Deer Hunter. What was yours?”#GONE WITH THE WIND
it's a deep house sort of day.
It'sa beautiful day in NYC but for some reason I'm wound up tighter than a reality star before a sobriety check.
Just did a first read through of the twelve proposals. We have some hard decisions to make.
B ridin the Big Green Limosine = bus !
Finished a song today:)
An Officer and a Gentlemen was the #1 movie this day in 1982. That was filmed in Port Townsend, WA. Love that place!
What hemp products do you use or know exist? What might be the viable hemp industries for Missouri?
well that lets u know it's round
So bored now I cant go out
throw something at her !
oh fun!
sorry to read about the unfortunate day! Give our song "Carnival" a listen on our Facebook & maybe it'll bring you up a bit!
"The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed." - Richard Brinsley Sheridan
something funny?
lol......homeboy was a compulsive LIAR
#ForgottenArtists The Family
If we can do this, we ll release our teaser :) RT : let's get back to 1000 followers! RT
um just wanted to say hi lol HAPPY SUNDAY
I have no idea, but she heard it on 106.7 with directions to be at Orleans & Claiborne by 11:00 on MG Day, but haven't heard more.
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, dont ask a stupid question.
its been good, busy, but busy is always good!
I love a grown ass man who can handle a grown ass lady
Leave it to the professionals.
I agree the larger picture looks less invasive than the closer item they had at first.
Heading to the post office. Want some Deserters stickers? DM us your address!
We are getting a lot of compliments for our bread today.... The secret..? The weather is making our dough yummy!!! Try it!!!OPEN TILL 12 am
#resume #tips Where is the best place to put your Education? Near the top if you are a recent grad. On the bottom if you did years ago...
Although we have yet to fine tune it to our liking. After that's done comes our marketing plan! - Lots of boring paperwork to say the least!
love the spunk!! :)
If UL had another threat from the outside...
Q6: Don't do much planning except my freshdirect order every other week. These tips are great
saw a class w/ "reward" chart today. Teacher described it as"behavior management" tool. Kids had no idea what it was for.
I hate it when you're watching a funny show then BAM!! sad animal cruelty commercial.
the happily ever after ending would have 0 value. All the talk about sacrifice throughout the story told it all.
Eating apples before the gym, god I feel healthy haha
The lack of electricity makes summer georgetown feel even more like summer camp
bdubbbbs this weekend?
thank you Julie :( hugs
Hey there, how is the weekend looking for you?
Fan replaced in the NAS. Backing up MBA now. Didn’t know I could gather 6.52GB of anything in a couple of weeks...
thanks for the blog post. I love hearing from those using our apps. Thank you!
Stanford has completely feel apart!! Wow
I still eat ramen noodles because you can throw any leftover food into the pot and it becomes rockstar cuisine.
This sums me up! The most effective way to do it, is to do it. — Amelia Earhart
Lucy? Can't wait to meet her.
I've used Prezi as still "slides," but I don't have to worry about software compatibility when I travel.
Ohio State really misses Jon Diebler's 3 point shooting.
Keep in mind that the more intensely you train, the more time your body needs to recover. Take one day off each week.
Follow me? Please?!(:
not gonna lie, I'm jealous of people who live near the beach
When your partner is just as freaky as you >
It seems fair to be on Twitter during a workshop on governance of social media, right?
Ready for some good stuff to chew on from tonight!
Yes, we have alot of those for some reason, I used to live on Mexico, so it isnt the same for me though :)
Oh...I'm so sorry. We used to be in constant fear of that when I worked at Gymboree.
Getting things in line for this summer
On our way to The French Quarter Fest. Food, Music, and good times💃
I fucked ya chick til she passed out! hit the bank & then #CahsedOut! I'm done.. you can have her back now! I'm on my way to the next house!
Riding Chicago's L with rowdy youth, but you gotta love the public transportation options here in windy city
report him for spam and get him off twitter, I just have
Thank you so much for the mention. You rock! :)
tough call. Bruce Almighty or Driving Miss Daisy. Toss up. u?
You should've seen me trying to be stealthy. Officer spotted me and said, "Just don't get the license # ma'am."
Another great stay at the Westin Columbus. My home-away-from-home when I'm here for work. (cc: )
Why would we want be in their stupid conference now anyway? It's stupid.
Good morning (:
I wish you knew how scared I am to see you fall in love with someone else.
#Google+ is eating my time
#suddendeath or #suddenvictory all in the eye of the beholder
Any art consultants out there? I want to get my paintings into corporations, hospitals, hotels...
NY MAHOMIES TAKE ALOT OF PICTURES.
shout out Chris Rene you rock all ways suport you forever :)
nice! Congrats :). Awesome bumping into you.
Challenge the convention how?
Happy Mother's day to all of my Mom friends out there! Especially to
I totally agree. The episodes aren't as many as one would like, but not one of them disappoints...: )
Nothing is touching #dreamchasers 2 right now.
When I work for FOX News one day what will you say?
These DJ's are still finding the best of current hip hop/RAP.
thank you!~ hahah
DC Firefighters Union stepping into Twitter
have fun and be safe
Who's getting the new IPAD
Kyle and Jr 1 and 2 with 3 to go
must've been my evil twin. woulda been nice to see ya.
Case Keemun is getting the shaft from the nfl
Good morning tweepz! It's Friday,its Friday in my voice. :)
Aw, thank you! RT When it comes to San Diego I think of and
you are butt
u fina injoyed your self
Super excited to have coming to in April.
Newt... Pls shut up and go away!
im overboard , im overboard !
A parent group did it for us at a former school.
lol u cant make me mad dis morning bitch cuz I got that dick and I'm feeling good
fingers crossed for a flasher free walk home.
i love when my dad gives me his credit card to the the mall. 👌😊
As a result of this anointing and this glory our lives shall never again be the same
tomorrow a big party #YEE got to look fresh
for a while....
6pm at the storage space!
I am sitting in a cafe during a poetry slam. Every time I hear the applause, I imagine they are lauding my readings of Pierce.
Happ Mother's Day to your mom,She gave the world the best gift,you! I love u Janet!!
Tuesday August 16 :19am commented on my post !
aw I wanna see it!!!
aw, poor guys already have to rely on public transportation!
that doesn't count traitor.
Thanks! This is great! :)
if only I could tell you what I REALLY think..
this is so weird,I don't understand whats going on.omg
It always seems impossible until its done. - Nelson Mandela
A must. You know we teach a pet cpr class right? It's awesome I've taken it. Cute stuffed dog mannikins etc.
Oh, the irony.
And tonight returns! Making strawberry milkshakes to celebrate, of course. Will probably have Twizzlers, too.
love ur big boob roc show the boobs tomorrwo
so now im a joke smfh lbs
Bust. No deer this am. Try again tonight
congrats on the fundraising! You should wear the Superman cape, not me.
Sentencing for Henrietta Teen who tried to kill a classmate in Wegmans last January set for 2pm
I am a loner this weekend.
; baby needs to wake her ass up, im bored AF.
Bed and breakfasts in North Walsham, Holt and Hindringham among 25 national finalists in AA Friendliest B&B award
more like a ninja turtle lol
Sorry but I'm not Adele. I don't wish "nothing but the best" for you. DIE BITCH.
Yeah!! I agree! That would be so epic! :D That way you would get a workout plus kill some heartless! :P
Hope your wife is doing well. I made a mistake last week. I'm sorry, I thought your streak ended with the Reds.
hey kim peach here yea twitter is playing games now CB dont follow me no more im sad :(
My 2cnts: rather than hub and spoke think in terms of cultivation.
Just arrived in Richmond to present at VALL. The University of Richmond School of Law looks great!
: Actress to play biracial mom (30's) for stage reading (lead role) on Apr. 19 or 24. Email
Congrats! Love my job. It doesn't feel like work. Finally graduating college in May. Good luck with the wedding plans!
At student forum listening to the MIU Advisory Committee's recommendations to improve undergraduate advising on campus.
I will look into it. Thanks 4 the heads up
will I see you at this holiday party tonight??
RT : Ooh là là! RT : From the Fashion Desk, on the 6 most stylish teams at Tour of California...
Giving yourself rewards after doing short, consistent writing sessions can help prevent burnout. (Just thought I'd remind you...)
PetroBakken Announces First Quarter Funds Flow from Operations of $185 Million
she is!
thanks again for the Google+ invite, I spent a bit of time exploring it last night and I love it already.
Out and about with my Loves. <3
I guess it happends its like waving at someone on da street n they don't see you Lol
For those of you just joining us, grab a free download of our album at www.blasesplee.com and enjoy
Love me some March Madness!
did you go?
CHIMERA BABY
remind me on Monday..want this!
That which is called firmness in a king is called obstinacy in a donkey.
You expect me to get perfect grades, work out, clean up, deal with the stress of my life... And keep my self together?
when i was little i pulled for the supersonics since theircolor scheme was dope&everbody slurps LA so im pulling for okc or philly 2 win it
Been poking around your Poptweets for several minutes now and have yet to find any Brown Sugar Cinnamon. Very disappointing.
hey, thanks for following us !
music videos in the morning to kick off the day
Big shout out to Kunis Brothers Mortuary. Last night was da embalm!!
"Research libraries might consider reimagining which researchers make up their intended audiences." Native researchers!
LYBW EVENT TONIGHT: listen to Gail Dines speak about "Sex(ism), Identity, and Intimacy in a Pornographic Culture" at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121!!
Why on earth are my favorite shows, Chopped (Food Network) & Shark Tank? What's the recurring theme here, lol?
agree on all counts. I would kill for one of the VGs. Maybe we could reunite Dwight & SVG here! Oh...
You can't just walk in a room and shoot everyone.
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal. - E. Joseph Cossman
damn you got it in early haha
Will you be joining us for tonight's movie on the Mall?
Slicin' an dicin' - reviewing 7 hours of video footage from ónatSXSWi Oh the memories...
watchin my dude ravin get a sick tat made me wanna get tatted again
you read right. Getting divorced. Cant take the shit anymore with her and she cant stand me, lol.
Finalizing faculty summer program syllabus and writing article on future of PRS for next ECIT newsletter. Picked a bad time to cut DCoke!
Congrats to Russell Wilson on being drafted by Seattle. Class guy in every way.
KLUSOZ WILL BE ON & POPPIN ONCE AGAIN TONIGHT!!! MAD DRINKS SPECIALS & I'M READY TO GET IT CRACKALACKIN' ON THE WHEELS OF STEEL!!! C.I.T.I.
Tehachapi man who died in collision on Highway 46 remembered as tireless volunteer - Tehachapi News
There is no such thing as an underpinning moral institution. #KirkCameron Institutions are corruptible, and therefore morally suspect.
#Baltimore local and volunteer at #ISM2012. Twt me 4 transit help, local food/attractions etc! I want u to love #charmcity as much as I do!
Pretty much.
Waitlisted Not too bad, there's still hope for my dream school!
me too, girlfriend. me too.
Easter: because society is happier having a holiday for candy and bunnies than for Jesus. yes completely rational of you....
What good
Well, at least the atmosphere is a bit better.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! So proud of you!!
pretty solid evidence that the two party system has some serious limitations.
Hundreds of thousands of negative comments didn't work, but a 200 point drop in your stock value did. The Netflix Effect
The team benches are on the west side of the building, in front of sections 121-122 & 102-103
Oc housewives are getting those fish lips
Nice meeting you as well, Content was a blast, you definitely had one of the dopest rooms.
Hey I was Mr. April.
No way...": I am secretly envious of your life."
So much for a productive Monday afternoon...whoops.
thanks for being an awesome big sis to Chase!
One million memories, 10 thousand inside jokes, 100 shared secrets, one reason: best friends.
if you not 18 or older real talk
Mr. wolbers car just got towed
What is the most creative place that you have found to hide Easter Eggs this year? Feel free to post a photo of what you think is the...
how r u sexc
well maybe I can get him to follow me on there at least!! Lol. Any chance of a shout to him from u? I'll s/o u too!!
Marra wins the dunk contest!
awh, the HBIC misses having class with you too! Lol. Hopefully somewhere in our fucked up 4x4 schedule next year I'll have you (:
She's such a little sprite that many of her clothes (and she has quite a wardrobe) are way too big.
I refuse to acknowledge the validity of the term "expert."
#iUseToThink that people could actually tell the truth (sike)
Fear tries to get us to give up, but faith takes us all the way through to victory! via (RT )
Hey world! How many of you are going to be coming to our show at on Saturday?
you've been rocking it like crazy dude. good stuff!
When your sibling is jealous of your moves. >:)
not cool
Thanks to fans in #Chile, #Venezuela, #Israel, #Slovenia, #Austria!! cc
NY Bitch!
Every time I eat King's Hawaiian sweet rolls I have to convince myself not to dedicate my life to the aquisition of said delicious rolls.
i don't smoke a burn after sex i pop a bottle and saddle up for round two lol
When your cold, and you just want to roll up in a ball.
i hate people -_-.
Baseball just began. He can change his mind!
S/O to everyone who Daddy don't fuck wit em lmao
Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you. So have fun and give them something to talk about.RT my tweets guys.:)
Congrats to acting #wvgov Earl Ray Tomblin on winning the dem nomination in the special primary election in WV
Let's go ...Beat the #Fakers, uh, I mean the
Never ever stop belibing! Beib on forever. RT is now a beliber
Awkward moment when you start telling a blonde joke to a blonde
Thanks for sharing! Which #PreserveNYC site gets your vote?
me too! Mine is probably way cooler! LoL
Tammy makes my day !!!!
You too! I'm playing golf with friends from college, so should be fun!
You had some MAJOR Disco/Pop going on last night!
Haha!! DEFINITELY a school house drama moment! Thanks for sharing!
Just traded my 11 inch MacBook air for a 15 inch MacBook Pro + cash. That was ter come up & dude bought me a brand new battery with it
Question for ya: do you have a list of the smaller pubs under the Big Six? They are part of the boycott, yes?
that would have happened no matter what!
volunteering on co time can be great prof development, but needs to be an agreement between supervisor and employee.
great record!
Hi, It's Autism Awareness Mo. & U help autistic kids w/ your G-Free bks. Pls. read my book, "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid."
true, too retro and not modeleske. lol
Left over pizza>>>>>
God, these boys play beautiful football.
Paul played a Beatles song he had never performed live: “The Night Before,” with its skiffle bounce and barbershop harmonies
Might also be helpful to cast someone without an accent, who doesn't sound like they are in extreme pain whilst speaking.
tonight to catch our very own play alongside , who's ready to f****** party?! ;)
Favorite Song Lines--- So we just skirt the hallway sides A phantom and a fly Follow the lines and wonder why There's no connection
Sheboygan Falls Falcons?
is in the top 20 on iTunes, great job !
why is it so hot in here
burn! I need to ration it throughout the morning otherwise i'm dead by lunch time!
Just #36DAYS left. I'm so excited for this album. Its been 2 years since Justin last put out an actual album. Believe is going to be great.
I was being overly-contentious; sorry. It should have been directed at the article you were citing.
perfect. See you then.
Nothing else greater than making someone Smile :-)
you guys ROCK!!! What a cool feeling knowing we got boots on the ground! Thank you for all you do! ;-)
Nap time
I preached that text today! LOL
RT : Re reports on Pro Bowl, we have been in discussions w/the NFLPA about Pro Bowl's future. No decision has been made.»»
they switched hotels. we're hoping we're outside the right one(:
thanks Jeff. Its gonna be a full house. Getting ready....
Awesome! There was a bit of an adjustment period but now i love it! Needed a mat for my feet, too, which helped.
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 3.) Kids over the age of two, so basicly once they can talk they annoy me!
#20ThingsAboutMe i dont smoke or drink
5:45...WOW...Santa came early & I am still SO sleepy b/c Lane woke up @ 2:00 :(...MERRY CHRISTMAS :)
I wanna go to warped tour so bad.
sold my of my vinyl, but still have Bongos, Bass & Bob () and a Springsteen bootleg.
right!?!? I don't understand...he always tells us he can't!!!!
ha crazy!
#StPete #FL #glass industry & #artglass exhibits check it out
- you're welcome! This line gave us goosebumps: "The end of traditional TV will arrive as 2012 becomes the year of web video." =)
I don't care what anyone thinks, I'm going to organize my iTunes library by date. Haters gonna hate.
duh... i would hate myself to EVER miss my god sisters Bday
Today's BTU inspiration: "The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced. ~Art Van Der Leeuw
got it, thanks.
"Heart of American Conservationism" Really ? The heart? There is one? Get real.
Treat your girl right, or another guy will...or maybe another girl.
lol I would never destroy this book my dear, I'm probably going to order my own copy <333
Tomorrow is another #free Thursdays at the Blanton!
hey! Sorry!!! Stop by next Saturday :)
good luck with that! ;)
Helplessly/helpless
the joy of small town life cuz there ain't much to do lol
have you heard 'when a woman loves' makes me shed tears of gold.
's music video for her new single #Singit premieres soon. I can't lie but I am excited. She has come a long way and has come
so. damn. exhausted.
I cannot believe it's taken me this long to see Drop Squad, LOL
11:11 my wish is for you to follow me <3333
Its December.. why isnt it cold already -.-
“: We have about 5 tables left for this evening. Call 8165693663 to reserve. Tomorrow evening has more availability”
Indeed he does. Bennett got the lead quote in the story though.
A hilarious b*tch!
I'm looking forward to it Ladies, talk to ya Saturday. Everyone Listen in to DrSuzy's radio Show this Sat night 11pst
apple pie and bridesmaids
Survived Black Swan but not my detox headache...
Not in contention Picked UNC then point guard got hurt and poof. Tonight UK will walk on KU. Double digit win hate to say.
holler whenever cause you always gotta friend in me & nothing lasts forever least we got these memories .
Digital privacy at a new level with - Love that even the social media sites can't see my data
love that.
have only listened to 1 of the 8 I downloaded, but loving every minute so far ;) you???
Who's coming to the B12 Shot clinic tonight at 6pm?
Just made a margarita (seemed appropriate) and no damn limes.
Id rather not see avengers again but if the opportunity presents itself, I probably wont decline.
you would goo? :D
Listening to some old skool!
Shout out from Portland, OR! Thanks for the follow! I will have to PackABag&Go to Dayton!
I don't think so. That wasn't my point.
Wake up Hollywood! Everyone seems out of it at the Oscars.
God cares about you, and He is always available to provide the help and strength you need<3
tiki you got a stalker bro
we're jus givin u a fair warning
Misnomer...Raiders fans don't contribute to the economy. See: SB XXXVII
just make sure you hydrate the night before and in the morning. i did chicago in 07 when it was 90 degrees. that was fun!
so happy for all your success Angela!!!!!!!
So who is coming to our super-special free acoustic show with our buds Mont Lyons at Panchiko Parlor tonight?
To be in the spotlight with a song that everybody knows is a spiritual thing
good for you glen coco.
did you have a lunch date? fag.
Thanks for sharing. BTW, I've been spreading the gospel of doing more #greatwork to libraries here in the state of Georgia.
shake shake shake shake it! 😂😉🙆🙆
sweet! thanks for coming by :)
Who did Al Harrington kiss on the sidelines just now??
tell when you're home you are my only hope!
I saw! It was awesome to see you in ther brotha!!
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.
Jeremiah 29:4-11; God's direction for difficult situations and His promise for a future in spite of what appears to be.
Just saw some sweet tits in Starbucks
