Jumping in to the wedding chat with and friends!
look how I just voluntold Joe what to do! I know, I know, my bad!
I think, by the looks of it....its going to Rock
Since Dem JFK took office in Jan 1961, non-gov payrolls up by almost 42 million jobs under Dems, only 24 million for Rep presidents.
late 2008 only supports up to 8, so I'm just extending its life a bit until I get the new pro when it comes out
So cute
So funny! Have you ever listened to her show? It's just so over-the-top, I can't get enough of it. The callers crack me up.
how is VU
We've been open almost 2 years!
it went well! Standing ovation. The audience really seemed to respond well to the work.
AN SPECIAL SHOUTOUT TO MY DEAREST & (AMAZINGS!) GO FOLLOW THEM. THEY ALWAYS FOLLOW BACK.
'Teen Mom' Star Amber Portwood -- Back in Jail
Decided to get a head start on impending disaster by finishing my taxes, and am now wallowing in monetary disaster.
Cool :) you were unknowingly the inspiration as I was looking over your shoulder wishing I could have your notes. Thx ! :)
#ThingsGuysShouldNOTSayToAnotherGuy I wanna be inside you Holmes.
I just saw your right shoulder on Fox 31.
FIRST OUT!!!!
but its only #25 days!!!!
By the time you're eighty years old you've learned everything. You only have to remember it. - George Burns
Early Bird Special ends August 1st! Only 10 more days to get in at a HUGE DISCOUNT off the at-the-door price!
:) can't wait hun
Can't wait for Spring Breakers! AHH
the Rolex is faceless, im just young, rich, and tasteless.
I wanna go shopping . . Um Soho anyone ???
#FF local friends of
what i do??
that I of course agree with
lmao yes its OFFICIAL !
The writer's genetic inheritance and her or his experiences shape the writer into a unique individual, and it is this uniqueness that is...
If chef Ron wears the wrestler mask I will die laughing
Best words: but, I love you... Worst words: I love you, but...
I suppose we've all been called worse. Of course, tis better to be a #wimp than a
Bloom has been in rotation since last week! :) Also, it was awesome to meet Victoria after their Miami show!
If you wouldn't tell me about stuff like this. I wouldn't have ever known. with Twitter and internet connecting everyone to everything
AIM is the worse, I use HipChat for my work related conversations now
Help me I'm alive my heart keeps beating like a hammer, beating like a hammer.
Walden is down...stop the carnage!
Thank you, Cynthia. I can always count on you to enable my caffeine habit! ;) How's your day going? Doing super here!
I love the rain <3 except when my lights go out -.-
New Feature Alert! Our "Latest Uploads" page lets you easily keep track of the newest images users have added to SepiaTown.
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Bingo Players - Rattle
M, this new song is delicious. :)
"Can you do me a favour?" Normal people: Sure. Directioners: Does it involve the buttah sock?"
Had great private screening of the film in NY. Thanks to all who attended.
this is just a sign that the lord is on his way back btw Egyptian are considered black lol
Yes you could
Great Looking San Diego Morning - Off to Silver Strand State Beach, Coronado. Sand Dollars and San forts!
{Be very happy for your neighbors/friends/competitors who are doing good. That makes your accomplishments even more valuable!)
what did he say? Reference?
anyone in #dupont want to bring me an espresso?!
I never knew how much I enjoyed driving until I couldn't do it for two weeks!
I'm pretty excited! Waking up extra early to get them:)
Whoa, Rodgers just juked #Briggs and #Urlacher outta their shoes.
24-17, enough said...GO CARDS
Is there a heart in the house tonight?!?
fantastic job Mr. Walker, you have our family's votes
that sucks :(
I want my "15 Minutes" of fame so if I get 1M followers by his cd release 6/14 I think needs to let me sing on stage with him!
where is that? Corryville?
“What can I do? I have my contract with Chinese team, I won’t fly away, I can’t fly away. I’ll stay here in China,”
good morning mi amor!
*** My BDAY Tailgate Party 2MORO for MTSU Homecoming! 3P in Murphy Center Parking Lot! FREE Food! ARE U COMING? ***
I have the best aunt EVER.
Is it true?? RT Power outage now reported as stretching from San Diego east through Arizona to New Mexico.
20 bad requests vs. One real cool chick diggin every song you play.
Stayed up all night long with my best friend... ME (:
HAHA Whew glad u told me you were being sarcastic!
Peeve: people sitting at a bar filled with fans, reading the paper, and drinking a water. GTFO!
“: woodford sun has never needed a cartoonist”
Ok y'all, bases are loaded & Ryan Braun is up...bottom of the 10th...
i would do anything for an invite;)
Back to the Future's future is so much worse than our present, they still had bullies and no internet.
Maybe Ramirez breaks out here?!
Tip: facilitating collaboration is key! Have a common web destination where instructors & learners can work together outside the classroom.
hope your having a great day! keep doing your thing and come to Charlotte soon! love ya Barbie style!
Love it! Great idea!
I empowering myself through bold and positive changes.
you guys should make the tank top in black! I think it would look really sweet in black :)
A friend doesn't want to look for another job, but a sudden downturn at his company is forcing him to. He's irked.
Perks to being a Belieber? Well, 1, we have Justin. 2, you have a 22 million member family standing behind you and Justin 100% of the time.
There's nothing like colorado springs.<3
HAPPY HALLOWEEN! :D did you dress up?(:
I gift from above
Think I'm hungry again
. is giving away tix to , & at on 4/9. E-mail josh[at]ynotradio[dot]net by noon to enter
At VC, we generally only do that to the opposing fans who've invaded our building that are leaving in shame so... Go Caps fans?
“: U don't love me ... U just love my doggystyle.. RT : you know I love you :-)” lmao!
I live a few blocks away from the action anyways, I'm in.
When a man realizes the value of his woman, he adds value to himself.
Will Ferrell is killing it on #SNL - as expected!
didn't forget about grape margarita's. Destiny has a game should be over by 730. Let us know!
hahahaha!!! Yes that would be so awesome! I bet Paul wants to sing with the boys... I imagine him with a opera voice
I guess that's true of the Fielder hlight as well. Dating myself... Saw JR Richard at Riverfront vs Reds 1978
I work there at the bowling alley
Football Sunday baby!! <333 :)
Hello...good morning!
Re previous: Add your remix to the project!
Decision 2010: Talk to Team Thomas at Big Bear Cafe farmers market and pick up fresh items for dinner tonight.
Are you Single ? (: xx
Guest tap, Space Needle Golden Ann. IPA. Pints only, last time tapped, lasted only 52 min. Don't miss out.
I didn’t know there was Christian R&B music, or that my neighbor likes to sing it louder than the music he is blaring.
had a great time presenting at the Conference in Minneapolis this morning
Hey World We Have Been Busy, Follow Our Brother Company For All The Latest Music, Clothing & Hip Hop Info!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 31
RT : Yo we need that "Get Gone" Record by to be on 99Jamz tonight!!!
Did you know: Frogs can't swallow with their eyes open...
you know it!
Oh! You remind me. I got something at the thrift shop for you (actually ). Must get it to you soon! :D
Thanks Jay and Amanda for a great Twitter workshop! . Be sure to check out .
Welcome to the DotGov family!
Thanks for the Rts @!
#Rushers so im taking graphics design in college in the fall yay but right now im taking a class so much fun im so happy
u give women hope lol “ Thats my baby though. I just know what she want out of me. Trying to perfect myself to be that dude.”
good list, Neal. Thanks for sharing.
oh boy a play??
and you can store all content types (websites, online videos, gDocs) - not just files! :D
There's so much going on right now; and my feelings are everywhere. But for once I'm happy, and it's all thanks to him.
Good luck at #NSAC! “: Thank you for the inspiring presentation tonight & great advice! We got a great turnout.”
the Eels - Hombre Lobos, my latest awesome find.
Actually sticking to your diet plan <<<<<<<
Sipping champagne with the hubbs!
" I think this sweater bad luck "
unregistered sex offenders.
been dropping beats like
Thanks for the #FF!
re: single person doing soc. med..what abt evenings & weekend updates? Can we expect emp to be updating all the time?
What did you see?
Awesome Terry Riley clip.I'm bursting with excitement to see the new concerto with and have TR in Nashville.
even better
what the hell...why is it showing everything i do on youtube?!
Good Morning Twitter :)
Nicole's the #MarchMadness Queen!!
Kirwan: We are at grave risk of becoming a two tier society with rising college costs
Things Target Field needs: New guy to announce batters over the loud speakers. Preferably someone who has completed puberty.
walcott out for season bc of hamstring injury against chelsea... Hopefully will be back for euro.
Man, I hate writing spec docs.
Who is your favorite Survivor (winner or not)? Your favorite season?
Yeo happy birthday have a good one homie live it up
You inspire my inner serial killer
oh same here fav tna wrestler is still samoa joe sorta like ecw taz when he first started
RT : Sleep is for people with no internet access.
Any day I can listen to talk about Facebook is a good day.
The last day of school this year is going to be sad. This is the best year of high school I've had. I love my friends so much.
Hm what to do
Hot black juice, elixir of life, dust the cobwebs from my brain, focus my attention... Take my to Africa,... your origins. M.
thanks for the follow!
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.- Judy Garland
Can a dramatic change in weather cause your car engine to start slower? Car people, help me out. Oil is good & timing belt recently changed.
not the strangest request I've ever received...
what do you think can JR get to the front?
didnt i watch a period of the B's in the playoffs at ur house? It's not like i've been contacting others & not u guy
Glad to hear it! Very happy that you're evaluating Argyle!
. just emailed me about my column! "Tuesday, May 15th is our last major campaign fundraiser before the election..."
Are you rockin' a blue-backed iPhone or am I just that color blind?
Want to connect with someone? Ask him/her what he/she is passionate about.
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET we have a program to fit you!!!!
I can only assume that image itself was some kind of 4chan prank
Sometimes You Just Gotta Laugh At Other People ...
omg yes @ the second to last pic.
The doctors thing is true. I mean, close quarters and long shifts? Bound to happen.
Victoria secret ;)
One more day of work - then off to Florida for four days to adjust my vitamin D levels. Tweet you from there, I'm sure.
I want some sbarrrrrro!
and Thanks a bunch for your help! DM your addy's and we'll send u each a pair of state fair tickets for helping! :)
Setting up for webjunction webinar with 2011 LJ Best Small Library winner and finalists #bestsmlib Excited to hear their ideas!
Today is feeling like another Ian Mackaye day for me. Which project of his should I choose? Hmm...The Evens!
WHOOOOOOHOOOOO!!! AND ANOTHER ONE BY NICKS1 GO GIANTS!!!!!!!!
My downstairs neighbor keeps hitting my floor with her broom. She obviously thinks the Lakers are going to sweep. That silly bitch.
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent. Jan Peter Balkenende
So everything you said was bullshit.
Butterflies count not months but moments, and yet have time enough. ~Rabindranath Tagore
in short: review Dianne Hillman's keynote from last year's CODE4LIB
RT : Sipping Chamomile tea with whiskey... #WestIndianColdRemedy < did u add cinnamon sticks?
Seriously, dude, just chill out. Try to celebrate nice things instead of being ugly. Life is too short! See ya!
Now you may be wondering, just where will the West Side Open House be held? Grand Lodge! We hope to see you there on April 24th!
Thinking about going for a run now
Any early prognosis of the Avengers movie?
Full color bios, and glossy B & W prison stance railroad track pics will be included.
I am very thankful to have had such an awesome journey over the last 6 years in the States with the most amazing woman & and great friends!
im about to go to the studio :) can't wt to get there.
A very good day of media for the boss yesterday/this AM.
Yard Sale! :)
I feel forlorn as I send my instrument in for service. No gigs for a couple weeks, no grounding by playing mandolin. Scary, but will be ok.
j bebs of course.:)
Really enjoying watching & right now. Both kids play w/ so much effort & passion. Will be contributors this year.
I can't believe you actually tweeted Liam 120 times and he stil didn't see you. Lol.
I know! I will have the MTC address posted hopefully tomorrow as soon as I get to Utah. I won't have it until tomorrow. :)
Happy birthday to my favorite guitarist, :)
You look beautiful hun <3 :p and OMG he's too cute <3.<3 haha
golfing, obviously
My 25 year-old son told me today that he likes Gayle King. That's one thing we have in common! LOL.
I might fuck round & do a whole 16 to 'Mercy' lbs...
Today I wanna got o his house sleep a night><
make me a freaking spicy latte.
So many overweight children!
Mankind makes its own miracles; God has nothing to do with it
Crazy. “: It is too gangsta up in Mexico. Let just chop up people and leave them on the highway? okay.”
i love your twitter, you guys are so funny!(:
so pumped to see you tomorrow! :D
the week after sounds good, I'm also out of town next week.
Nice!! RT : I'm about to get bourbon-faced on Shit Street.
how many folks are learning English on your platform?
Ok. I am just relaxing now on this cloudy day
sounds wonderful :)
what was it like working with Dave Cooley?
Oh Cool!
they were probably having sex. You're the abstinence fairy! Sorry...not fairy -- Don't hurt me! Ah!
Trying to teach how to cook!! Surprisingly he's doing Really Good. I just might make him my Suos Chef..lol
#ASAHQ Additional Analysis of the CMS Final Rule on Medicare Conditions of Participation: Anesthesia Physician Supervisio
I was sayin the same thing,
Joy is the essence of success. ~Yogi Tea
If it's a Denver win, kinda hoping fans start chanting "We Want Phil" and the camera awkwardly cuts to LAL exec suite.
I can never cut a break.. Why cant everything go back to normal
With fresh mozzarella! YES RT : A2 I love organic heirloom tomatoes!
Lol... RT : Come on melo we use to get hit harder than that up 77 court behind the old folks building
COME LAY NEXT TO ME AND KEEP ME WARM :) lol
please follow my friend who is also brand new to twitter:
RT is anyone else interested to know which one of these episodes Snooki's baby was conceived on?
Makes taking home leftovers from a restaurant easy.
Kobe got benched last night... About time somebody steps up and isn't scared to bench Kobe.. The team went on a 10-0 run with Kobe benched!
♥ love you I got say somethin on my phone now♥ downloaded it off youtube love you♥
You can't have $23 million a year tied up in a guy that doesn't make the team better and isn't a leader.
"Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke."
we believe in the opposite, we teach respect. "...find other ways 2 help besides using autism as frightening?"
Um, honey? You're not putting anything named Bonzo in bed with us. No way. :)
Excellent account to Follow. Definitely recommended. #AllYourHeroesBecomeVillains but some of us stay heroic!
how's SXSW? we miss you here in Nashville....well, mainly we miss hearing you say "AW RIGHT!"
Can somebody please tell me when is birthday did it pass already
"corporal jehoshaphat's nacho express"
And I don't how I can do without I just need you now~
Cant wear a hoodie in Family Dollar! Smh
I guess!
Remember to put on the whole armor of God Today Children.
I'm following 2,017 people
Oh no........ please dont start this again..
Everytime I get a George Strait press release sent to me I squeal.
RT : The #userexperience is at the intersection of taxonomies, metadata, and content objects.
Just saw that cupcakes were on sale at the East Side Bakehouse--buy one get one free!! Offer good for the rest of the evening.... Plz rt
Have you beaten Abyss yet? xD
me too :) have to lol
is the Shit, so you should go follow him right now.
Yay, looking forward to it! :)
open open OPEN!!1
You're always invited to naked time :-)
Idc if he's washed up, he's solely responsible for me becoming a Magic fan.
thank you for the warm welcome!
have you heard Tori Kelly's cover of it ? If not listen to it now!!
Yeah I'm crazy... Do you have a problem with that???
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! Enjoy
Arf, arf! I love you blog post and am so glad you visited me at the Highpaw!
Robbie Greenberg, ASC just entered the greeted by several fans. His session starts 11!
Morning has started slow but it is now time to kick into high gear! Gotta finish school and cleaning before skating. Wish me luck!
How ask to prom.
It's official: Tiger can't make those six-footers when it counts. He keeps missing right. "Blocking my putts." Got that right. He's done.
fucking text me D;
I love (genuinely) being told by my boss that I NEED to take a vacation.....SOON.
Seeking an Information Specialist in Maryland with pharmaceutical experience! Contact me for details.
me too. even if i dont want to
AP Clit down. Only AP Gov left then for with school
Found out yesterday that there were tunnels under Texas Tech. Is anyone else feeling a District 13 vibe??
Marie Howe tonight! #SAL Come say hi to the at the #PNW table
Love Positive Vibes! Thanks!
🐒🐬 Dolphins banging monkeys. It's funny because it could never happen!
Over and over… over and over…
we do indeed have them in stock.
We went and saw The Avengers this afternoon. Not too crowded, and oh, man, it was an awesome movie. Might take P to see it on Sunday.
haha okay good, but what does that supposed to mean? The hokey pokey thing, i see it everywhere and i don't get it
what kind of mistress are you.maam
So many pros up in there and they all humble it's a trip though! Tomorrow hopefully double class it!
NO BOB, I WILL NOT TAKE YOU DRINKING.
I think it's time to make amends... You were perfect in every way. I feel so stupid for not realizing that.
✊👊✊👊 Indian burn !!! Those bitches hurt .. & I'm glad I got mine back too 😘 now let's shove some cock in those bitches 😁
how do I know if someone's protected their Tweets? Never imagined people would do that.
The frequent fliers who flew too much - Los Angeles Times
The perfection of art is to conceal art. ~Marcus Fabius Quintilian
Anyone have a recommendation for an ipod touch app for recording with the built in mic?
I'm going to start keeping everything to myself because in reality, no one gives a damn
Too hot to be cool
If you think the phrase is spelled "dire straights" then your spelling bee career is actually in "dire straits"
For some reason being stuck in nasty traffic is much easier with Barry White in the speakers. Gotta love KEXP.
I refuse to stay in the house
Glad it went well. Thinking about dropping by Megan's presentation tomorrow morning. Are you going to be there?
Waiting patiently for the premiere of the video for #Payphone The highlight of an otherwise crappy day!
Yo and follow back son!
Where were the Catholic Leaders when Healthcare was passing...Oh. they supported the mandate AKA Social Justice. How you like it now?
forever alone. bj k.
RIP Maurice Sendack. Like this post if you or your kids read "Where the Wild Things Are".
I know! We could do it! It would be so good, we would win an emmy or somethng!
Hahaha...you guys should read "mischievous mellark moments" it's a hunger games parody.Peeta and Katniss have naughty children...literally
people are so immature, & there calling other people immature. haha it just makes me laugh because i think a lot of other people would agree
#PHATTUESDAY, Party 2nite , Doors open at 9pm till 3am, Drink specials, New DJ's, Special Guest Bartender 2nite, Come party here
No problem <3
why? what's wrong with your teacher?
Good Wednesday morning, Twitterverse! And Happy New Comic Book Day! I hope your favorite issue is waiting at the comic book store!
nothing I just got home from school, wbu?
listening to the song "Strip" by Chris Brown and Kevin McCall i luv this song
Good! RT I have now spent two nights watching other authors talk about their books. Time to redraft my new one like a beast!
So far the Hunger Games hasn't even MENTIONED pizza.
Big day today!
haha! That was so cute :p
I'm eating Pizza too(:
Friends and family: an hour of Airplane Mode a day while I'm at the gym is all I request. No need to panic.
I need to join a 12 step program for them lol
you never told me what you were gonna tell me with the sem talk thing! Tell me tomorrow?!
I feel like little boy in 3rd grade & todays my birthday - It's all about me - I really have over 1K followers. #REALLYTHOUGH It took 4Eva
Really, Brewers? A toll free hotline? I deserve so much more than that. What is this, 1993?
I think he's gone...
Put out the fire but don't look past my shoulder #whosaidthat?
Haha, I wish ;) Today will be relaxing, but also a day to catch up.
Dang #touch really made me think about life. March 19 till the next episode though?
Off to a screening of Bag It at Bowie City Hall, sponsored by ! Starts at 7--join us!
Yo how's Idaho this time of year......?
love me some Sheryl Underwood..she's so funny..also love some Eddie Levert
Kinda depends on how tomorrow goes down... have about a million balls in the air right now... :)
On my way to a gig
HE'S MINE “: = perfection.”
I wish I was watching this #Reds-#Cardinals game instead of sitting in class. Maybe it'll go to extras so I can get home before the end.
My dog is only interested in food then I think to myself that's mostly all I'm interested in as well I guess he's ok
Sleeping in tomorrow and just relaxing.
Don't forget that after connecting to the wifi you still need to open a browser and login before your connection will work at
and it doesn't hold a charge, and it crashes and the sprint person was useless. And the phone I want is 1penny on Amazon.
Need to make this Mac run now! If ion get snob today Imma go Craz😁
you must not know me Bc u just figured that out.
That is very interesting. Can you elaborate?
I appreciate it, nice to be back as well.
Hey Cody! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
Memorial day weekend. Get ur reservations in now! We are starting to book up!
RT : Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences. -- Marcus
I never knew eating seafood fettuccine was so fun! I haven't used this many utensils since I met that backpacker in Poland!
I wrote 1 1/2 of the 3 mandatory essays & still passed. Ha I truly wouldn't stress it. I miss you and your fabulous grammar.
That's it.? OK.
I swear one day I'll be making millions touring. But for now, I wanna sit and relax. I had a long day of twitter and facebook.
I want this more than anything in the world, and I don't understand why I can't have it
Not funny at all:/
Agreed, very cool!
I don't make up words. I am literarally integrous.
Thx for the report
there's something fishy about that place.
Hey Janice, thanks for following! Following you back and looking forward to 2012!
My guess is he won't. Way too cautious.
Tomorrow is 's birthday!!!!!! The big 2!
Thanks for the follow!
#CNN: Facebook prices IPO at $38 a share, raising $16 billion in the third-largest IPO in U.S. history.
Where is the fun in that?
Some of these degree names and certificates are so long they're applauding the debate team readers.
good luck :)
why don't you just come anyway and sneak in the back ;)
thought u would like this... $1 Burgers Tuesdays, $1 bottles Wednesdays; All at Bar Louie! Now open at Crocker Park!
Birthday dinner tonight for ! Can't wait to see you and drinking on the train.
I like square butts
Camp! " coming to idea? to camp? miss u too!
Well, if that is the case,, then I suppose my next part goes up on Wednesday.
Happy hour starts in ten min!!
Thanks for the RTs & tweets yesterday
thank u *big hugs*
Brewers win!!!!
Who's excited to see J.Lo perform?
wow, the heat activated Dampier......stop it!
Spent most of today remembering, and imagining how I might apologize to my mother for being such an idiot in my teens.
Oh Yes.. i just read #linkedIn to acquier #slideshare.. CRAZY
Semin with a wrister RT So we have OT in #Game5 between the #Rangers and #Caps , tied 2-2. Lets hear your game winner ?
yeah and you don't think Hartman does the same, that's what you're saying?
after how many times? xD lol
Tiffany did tear it up at let's dance!!
haha thank you! :)
I meant chids.....
RAM DISK is not an installation procedure!
What are your plans?
this is crazy. Fucking three point game again. Smh
I get to run through a burning building today and sport my fire jacket given to me by my Dad's fire station in L.A.! So excited.
Jus edited mi profile
RT : See! 6 people want Good Eats back. Now I'm depressed...turning off computer.
I wonder why when a teacher has a soda its always DIET SODA is that like a law or something that teachers can only have DIET SODA?
All my friends started their summer break already! and mine isn't til July. And it's only a week. fuck this, I'm on break too~
Got this done today... Now I have time to do some reading...
Tons of giveaways this afternoon...The Wombats big room passes, Wilco tixs, 2 Santigold new album download codes, & VHS or Beta tixs.
When I think Daytona 500, I think and lip synching.
me too... me too intek. yakoke. chi pisa lachike. by the way, your writing, so good... hope you tweeted it too...
At the strip club
If you're not involved with Big Brothers Big Sisters, and you've got extra time, you should be! Off to go see my "little sister" today! :)
One of the few authentic Southern Italian rest's in LA!
Trying Ravish on Eastlake next Tuesday! I can't wait!
LOL I don't think the 405 traffic can grow on anyone really. No I just decided it wasn't the right time to leave yet.
I wonder if I should put naughty photos on the screen. What do ya think?
Eli just took a hit!!!
dude did u straighten ur hair this morning ? cuz ur hair straightener is still plugged in
Thank you, George!
5 Ways to Use Social Media to Find B2B Influencers
!!!": chasing dreams i believe in."
612 Foodos - thinking lamb chops for the holidays. any suggestions for a (non-traditional) recipe?
Thanks! It was a phenomenal weekend! Details will certainly follow.
A-Rod is on fire.
That video makes lots of us get things in our eyes. I couldn't talk for a while afterwords. Very powerful.
I'M IN YOUR AREA!
Going home can't take the smell
10 years ago, I missed Adams conducting Ives' 3 Places b/c I was late. Finally got to see it!
On April 18, 1890 NY Emigration board turned over its authority to the United States Commissioner, thus ending Castle Gardens tenure as...
Hi Matt. Glad your following me..looking forward to chatting
obsessed with the show flashpoint
My love is growing for you every second. <3
love the hair!
Let's Go !! Party at my house!! Woohoo!! We got this!!! !!
My pleasure!
ranger tickets are 500 each
Mafuckas be to bored
Totally forgot today was friday! :o
Reno looks like it is gearing up for a unhinged new year's eve. Robin and I are going to stay off the streets....
Have any weekend openings to shoot?
Buy Turn To You On Itunes Justin deserves #1 for all the work he has done
Ill kill you
RT : Watermain - WB Liberty Rd at Wash. Ave. (N. of I-695) right lane blocked through rush hour-expect delays on MD 26/Liberty Rd.
In Blackjack, 12 will get you a bust card. I'll take a face card (10) on every first hit. So, test your LUCK!!!!
Happy bday barack
Jump on every opportunity to eliminate needless costs, but never stop investing in your business' long-term future. Michael McLaughlin
Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid;
danny way and Og De Souza the 2 man skaters that pump me up and make me want to do something great
Just saw Jeremy and Chris in a car but they didn't see me! What!
has to get #bubba right
That opening number's sound was awful
sunburned shoulders, sore legs, soaring spirits after a day of hiking/biking/training...now worktime+boyfriend+Family Guy. :-) perfect day.
College football is 1000% more fun to watch than the NFL. Hard to care about who is going to get their bonus this year...
This kid thinks he's funny 😒
So glad we could connect!
Hi Singers. New 3 week session starts Saturday. 2-4. Let us know if you are going to be there! Sing on!
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own. -Benjamin Disraeli
omg kenny its been forever since we talked!!!!! what happened to you buddy????
Yep, studying is never gonna happen after everything that went down today.
do you like coming to Florida?
Ok, we get it, you love your bf, but there's no need to post 5 statuses about him every hour.
sure. i reported for stealing your pictures :)
ill bring you canes ...... if i could
Kemba Walker goes hard in the paint. He's getting to the line like it's his job. 14-15 from the stripe in the 2nd half.
you know it!
drawn this way as Jessica Rabbit said...or was it... LOL somewhere > is taking victory laps! :)
I've concluded that using aloe vera for sunburns is a clever marketing ploy by its makers. It doesn't do a damn thing.
": Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.-H.Ford"
SO stoked! Venue confirmation for the benefit show on 3/25. More details coming this week. Be prepared for amazingness!!!
We love u!!RT : #FollowFriday this awesomly sick ass band they have sweet music! I love them so much <3
Match your lipstick to create a modern monochromatic look, choose a lipstick or gloss in the same color family-whether pink or peach
There's too much to do to be angry for a long time. I'm leaving that here
Is it so? For how many days, #newborn #baby should be kept there in 36 degree celcius?
I swear if I get my bookcase in order my room should clean itself.
I don't know why not being able to see what you're working on would make you two so fussy.
That sounded gay nah I ain't undercover sweet lol
Big incentive for sharing in an open community is establishing a reputation among peers:
Worker fell into reactor pool at #SanOnofre nuclear plant 01/28. Operator claiming exposure was "not significant".
you are quite attractive o.o :)
: awake and ready for the day lol... what a long one its gonna be.... -.-
Jack of all trades, and master of none. 多芸は無芸
I...THINK I'm going to do my homework now.
He's traveled a bit more to see Dave Matthews, but the Pack came first :-)
yes. Until the end of summer (assuming I get into a grad school). Can we please go out now that you're of age!?
looking forward to 2012...
ay yO! anyone follow me!! ill follow back =p
I am reading pages and papers on the topic of modern slang words and the etiology of modern street language.
I wanna get a new pair of sneakers ah
must have know what she was getting herself into & knew who he was inviting & how to control the conv #uppers Thnx
do you have a graphic design portfolio?
I see people use "You asked for it, we listened!" relatively frequently, but I don't know if that qualifies as 'solid.'
I think Teddy tight ass might surprise us this off season. We have to do something on defense & not through the draft
We will give a question, the first person to tweet the answer wins a prize.....Got It!
Don't listen to them. There all just haters and obviously have nothing better to do then bully on the good ones.
wow, flattered... Hope it was something good. -Been way busy, 3 construction projects to complete. Almost done.
#4FamousWords Fifty Shades of Grey 😳
Apparently four loko makes me say "i'm Carlos Mencia, so suck my dick."
should have won a prize KCA
He has risen!!!! Happy Easter!!!! Had such amazing services at church today, God is SO good! Thanking God for answered prayers! :)
We running a 5 I think, we got our 5 doe! you on klaus squad.
#dontgetmewrong, I love working and keeping busy, but I love lazy days just as much!
kellen Moore to lions man
1974 definition of farm. Lisa Hamilton editorial put into perspective, notes Kirschenmann
Absolutely! And a good morning to YOU!
Thanks for the follow!
if you need me, ill be dressed in AMURICA and #NASCAR at the QUAKERSTATE400
Fat loss tip: never eat carbs by themselves! Always included proteins and fats!
I need running music for impending speed work. Suggestions, friends?
Learn how to leverage your personality and more to land a spotlight in the media
I feel like a Queen in my life... ♥
Looking to do something with your kids that does not involve technology? Sit down and write letters to out of town #family members this...
I feel really good today.
The best of leaders when the job is done, when the task is accomplished, the people will say we have done it ourselves
hey I'm sorry:/ I took a shower then went out to eat and now getting ready for work haha
Guess we spoke too soon! :(
“: WWTSD?” There's nothin stoppin me from goin out with al of your best friends 😂
Not a good start w Fios internet & not even installed yet! Tech late, all they say is will be here w/i 2hrs. What? 2 more hrs?!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Inc. Magazine published a new report that the Energy Industry is one of the Top 5 industries to be in for 2010 to 2019! 1-646-397-9817
Thank you for the compliments , I do a lot of commissioned works as well, if you are interested let me know. Mark
Thank god it's Friday<3
Thanks for the birthday wishes fam!
Excited to join 's CSA for the upcoming season. Fresh #organic produce from a local farm. Be a part of your local CSA!
oh technicalities haha, but very true.
:-)HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA ANITA
You do what ya gotta do & just disappear , anywho getting wild in Orlando tonight with the one and only
nice! The house always wins! I had 7 eight year old girls last night roller skating :-)
*love* the rapport btw the coaches this year on
teenage girls can hold a grudge like nobody's business
Yeah true, I have a feeling is taking this years title #PMOY2012 How do we get to the ceremony?! Ha
I like somebody but I feel wrong for liking them
Don't let any guy break you down..he's not worth your tears..
Jesus is the sweetest name I know....Pastor AC
Understandable-- at least you can teach us "the stare"??
Go Bucks!
I think everyone is trying to figure out why Facebook bought Instagram right now.
I'm all for the sleeping. Even headed to bed early today. :)
almost beach time...almost beach time
I wish I could be at my grandpas with the rest of my family :(
Someone tell me what's fun about cheating on Scramble With Friends??
Does anyone make resolutions for the new year on their birthday? That's what I decided to do as a gift to myself, starting w/ this b'day.
Amare misses the Layup! Go figure!
“: #Dodgers sale agreement filed in court. Purchase price is $1,587,798, with 10% deposit.” Only a million & a half?!
from compliance measures, white women benefitting most from Affirmative Action policies wd be examples
Will you have another redux? If so, I'll definitely come!
The suicide squeeze the best play in the best game. Baseball at its best.
aight I'll do that. Which one is it? Washington?
Practicing today with a very special guest. But first, lots of coffee.
Civil rights icon : "I heard MLK & Rosa Parks on radio & wanted to cause trouble, good trouble, necessary trouble..."
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Polish Beef, and Regular Beef $2.50 today til 3pm. Double Chocolate Brownies
So, only you and and and have the hard choice to make?
Learning about Dewey number building for the first time. Brain hurts.
How could he "handle" anything? he was in florida
nightmares = no fun.
Working on #fashion for Manhattan Cocktail Classic and for our team. What's in for 2012 summer #trends?
Hope everyone enjoyed the event this morning!! Already working on the future...keep watching for details on our August event!
How would YOU feel if your father forgot the name of the love of your life? Plz people, tell me. Shits gonna piss me off if you don't...
Can't wait to see the new season of #robdyrdek 's show. love that guy
Your tweets are like Canada; they're only good for being ignored.
get in the car and drive here! Thursday tradition!
Willing to AI my idols for my survival.
nah I think Brandon has one not sure. Have to ask when he gets back from boring boring
now you know how it feels ;)
Felt great to get out and do some yard work in this beautiful weather! I love #summer activities!
#liestoldontwitter RT : RT : #Confession-I never gave a chick head----->me either!!!!!!!
Where are the barbershops in NYC?
Coat checking tonight, come say hi and check out Xylos, Beacon, and Grimace Federation!
If he did anything to stop it, we'd be socialists... At least he's not the one doing it
“:Nice job #Mets! players using Beastie Boys songs for plate appearances during tonights game" no team did that when Whitney died
Be on the lookout for our new Denim jackets dropping in 2 weeks ! Mention us if your interested !!
i really dont even know, i think it was for talking while he was explaining something about the track
Today in the year 351 Jewish revolt against Gallus breaks out. After his arrival at Antioch, the Jews begin a rebellion in Palestine ~
no no no they gon buy a 40 from the conner store lol
really sick... feeling miserable
is a half day today.
WOOTWOOT-in martin voice
OMG...Understanding prevailing wage workshop tonight, now I'm more confused than ever
Love Rick too! But VMG and NLG, I'll have to pass given that I'll be seeing Scott & Becky. I wish Rick did his own this yr
"geeks are people too" #virtualstories think about story in the context of what they do
Try to check which other boutiques are there in nearby area and know your competitors thoroughly
nothing just taken Pumkin to school
Well i will take that as a compliment Then Thanks<3
Its crazy how music is able to reach places within us that words cannot reach.
If some1 wants to book an artist in your area, having ur profile location set to something cute like "Where the $ @" doesn't help.
Not many industries can someone get away with 'let me see your bra' and no one bats an eye
is he hating on Herbie? For shame.
Books on human body, killer whales. Diagram of a plant cell for a 7th grade project.
Communication and Compromise is so vital to the Human Race.
not me. I despise cold weather! I'll take the heat any day
I have a VERY large collection of photos of I'll sell them to you for a great price.
right now, someone, somewhere, is fucking a monkey
thanks sorry for late response
Figuring out this Twitter crap
focus on school, because it's what your family would want - and it'll help facilitate better work down the road. How's that?
Earlier show than usual tonight, Ill actually get to sleep!
Doing two shows at the same time is exhausting!
I bought a globe yesterday. Am a little surprised at just how much I lurve it.
I'm all for President Obama having an enemies list- because the GOP are the people's enemies.
Today is your last day to enter our drawing for a free custom bowling ball. Check out our posting of the rules from March 13th.
#LiesBlackGirlsTell I Jus Wanna Stay Focused On School I Dont Need No BF Rite Now
Worst thing Sabres could do was win tonight, unload salaries and start new in september. Hopefully this doesn't save Darcy.
Did u actually stop following me?
Plan a shred day for your block, call for details. 832-545-3945
I am so busy I missed celebrating my 2 year anniversary of quitting my job and starting The Strategic Peacock. I don't regret it AT ALL!
Good! I think!
The lady at 711 just asked me if it was raining outside. HAHA!
talking about editing Wikipedia as a form of Lit Review
*smiles* hi Chris! Im doing great. We had a good day today.
lol you're a trip
Hey how are you?
Same thing I've been saying.
I have a feeling you're gonna try and make me jealous... I bet its going to work too.../:
Also, I bet somewhere there's a walker that was completely, totally naked when he or she was bitten. Cool, right?
how many post can we hit every night,
Stop looking for love look for.God the rest will fall in place
been slackin' on my tweeting!
Oh my.
lmao that's cute.
Consul General of Trinidad & Tobago throwing huge farewell party for me at official residence. Soka non stop! Entire caribbean represented
The bitch isn't home
hahahahaha eat that shit up and dont speak just do
had a good night went to jeremys graduation and came home with my baby this morning we took a shower together ily jay
#askryan follow me? and hahhaha fave justin bieber song :P
The people on extreme couponing are mentally ill
TR mentors help clients achieve success through accomplishing personal goals
all for cutting capital gains taxes for small businesses. run to the center barry.
Great news about the treasure hunt feedback! If only I could have been there. Always next year, right? :)
what? im confused
awesome that Ur in town !!! I will see you tomorrow !!!
The security is tight there RT : UNMH has more security guards than they do doctors.
I lost a duck to raccoons after they tried 6-years to learn to turn two locks. An eyebolt and a turning lock. My condolences.
you and me both -.-
No Touching!
on-time, within budget projects expected, personal attention and responsiveness now most important to clients
With Nicolette 💙 then off to softball 😘
Smokers, about how many breaks a day do you take? A dozen or so?
Counting down the # of work days...thanks to vacation time, 15
new video clips on my website!!
Tools don't kills games, people do. lol
I need to get my ass up and actually do something before it's too late and I have to leave for work.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT JULY 28th 2013 THAT GIVES ME A YEAR TO GET FIT!!!
Someone really wants to buy my timeshare. I get 5 emails from him daily. Hate to tell him I don't got sheet!
My job is laying people off left and right
don't u dare
What even were those documents? None of them were about politics.
Are you entrepeneurial? Become part of ANAE's mission to bring health insurance to Indian
let's kill it
i open up my twitter..and people are still arguing over sumthing i said 5 hours ago..i have a short attention span..remind me what i said
Just had to yell out "Whose tub of vasoline?!"
U think your Special? Well, WAKE UP...you aint SPECIAL, in fact, the entire globe is against you, they want to see you fail. Stop Dreaming!
definitely, thanks for having me! shoot me that link when you get it up also.
GOOD MORNING I AM GOING TO CAMP SO IF U RIHGT BAC I LOVE U AND PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ?
Unreal Game.
We look forward to seeing you at the ADDY Awards.
The all important Jerry Clower vote. RT : I hope the MS race is decided by Yazoo County. I like saying Yazoo.
ticket for what? so many shows coming up!!!
thanks...sorry for the delayed response lol
Amen! I kind of just want to pack up and go!!
All this is uncalled for!
Something about Nicki's 'VaVaVoom' reminds me of Gaga's 'Just Dance'. Weird.
Follow us WE are already following you all
yeah i have a thing for girls with accents too lol
so disappointed you didnt win ff :(
sad panda
UW v Virginia, Bo v Bennett, I think will like that game!
no. But it was interesting. Ask
i wish i could be a copy-editor for the internet.
PNO this Saturday at Swift Creek and Sweetheart Dance at Mechanicsville! Have some Valentine's Fun!
nothin but love now VOTE Elizabeth Warren.
Introducing special discounted rates and priority service for our followers. Contact Ronnie for more info @ 847.655.2559
awesome! :3 you followed back fast!! :D
As you are shaping your story, think of some kind of twist. For example: Dog bites man. Who care? Man bites dog. Lead story.
I think we need to show how effective natural reinforcement can be to avoid over reliance on tangible reinforcers
Next up-- immigration and education
he's changed so much! Hasn't he?
i'll text you later... loves ya
what's with these random columns showing up in tweetdeck that i never searched for????
“: where's the cute guy in this class?? Lol” 3 ppl up same row as you lol
packing is the worst part of moving out of school
Terrific piece! Thanks for the shout out and a great article.
Had the scariest dream about Los... Thank god it was a dream
hey girl how are u?
U got to seconds. To get the Fuck offa me u hoe.
I admire your dedication.
Hey Babe! Still looking for an olderman, who has early stages of dementia. I posted this a few weeks ago.
I'm about halfway through business school and still haven't learned how to be an undercover boss.
Hi Ashlynn - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I like Ryan Braun but that's not my biggest issue..I thought baseball had finally moved on from this..
Anybody wanna fish after school? ?
why ? its little fun sign up
Ah, the inevitable cross reference blues.
I'm Soo bored does wanna talk!!
u out of skool for da summer?
Watching Phineas & Ferb with the little one. Love this cartoon
People only reply to subtweets now. You @ them & you get crickets back. Fuck you too then.
Chuck Brown - People Make The World Go Round
i'm a Stew too lol fan for overt 20 yrs!!
it's called jerry now, omgz ur such a bad fan lyke
believe it
old news
And I have zero appetite. Great.
thanks ashley Loveya2
RPLA sorted food for the ! What did you do for #MLKday?
she made me delete it :(
diamonds are forever
We totally hit a mountain lion
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
men and women didn't drink together until prohibition. Interesting. #prohibition on
I've never sent an Easter card. Not sure I've ever received one, either.
I told my bf "night" instead of "bye" wtfffffffff is wrong with me
Oh yeah I have school tomorrow. Shittttt.
Going to babysitt Mih little cousin ... Be back later on tonight
What is black and white and read all over? Twitter
Inside stanky butt psychology (dick in the booty ah) this teacher walk funny af
haha, I came across her starships video and had to say it.. Haha
Teardrops playing at cascada! I love this song! So blissful.
Great Queens Cup, had a ton of fun did pretty well and happy to be home. (via )
Well, my pick Justin Rose () tied for eighth. Not bad. Saturday finish ended his chance to win.
I think and I should add on our fav 5 phone plan.
"I always keep one bottle of salsa in the chamber." — , said in the style of Omar Little.
Foaming bath salts will be on sale by Mid-week so remember to check your emails you check back here to get the coupon code.
“: I'm divorcing and putting her child support.. Hmph” I'm sorry BM I'm trying to recover..
Wise people make their own decisions, Stupid people follow public opinions.
TF' wat in the world ??? where u at
I had the priviledge of doing a ridealong with LASD in WeHo tonight. More respect for these men and women than anyone
AVENGERS nuff said
When I am completely knocked out in broadcasting>>
Are you interested in attaching your name to your own clothing line? I have put together a line designed for women with curves
lmao im bored as hell lol
Today's wonder relationship word is LAUGH
Don't forget to turn it out for our tomorrow!
Keep rockin' my friend. Our best to Meta from Chicago.
I need a massage!
How many apples are in one apple seed?
will this be on iTunes?
Revising while on lunch, my bromide.
How is it that a football player named Brian Anger is a punter, perhaps the least angry position on the field?
Snakes. Why'd it have to be snakes?
SmallBizLady A6b) Think about blogging as attraction marketing. Traditional selling is dead, now lead with your best content.
If you follow me on twitter, you should definitely follow me on instagram -------------> Dingle_Berry_69
But you're here now, and I'm hiding your passport.
Really amazing night! Thank you for coming out to support ARNO! We will be donating almost $1000. THANK YOU!!!!!
That's me! Thanks for the links, will check these out!
: ) very glad to be back.
Thanks for taking time to 'like'! Look frwd to hearing more about ur business~
“: Our specials tonight at Penthouse. Bottles of Absolute $125 lemon drop shots $4 .... COME ON!”
Getting ready to go to the San Diego Mayoral forum tonight on nonprofit issues. Should be interesting. Anyone else going?
happy birthday izzy!! Miss and love you 💙💜💗 have a good day :)
Indy sales pros: average increase in sales for our grads is 30%. Session 1 next Monday is free, and I'll buy you lunch after. DM me.
someone has to have an income!
lol ok ok I'm done...
ah dont u hate it wen ur parents make u doo a whole bunch of stuff jus before u doo sumtin u really wanna doo but they the one who did it
A shortcut to mushrooms
I hate Creighton.
Finally some stage time tonight :-)
ACC Championship Game just in a few hours Go Noles!
hahaha!!! Thats a Classic photo of Freddy
We just got some new *Atmos Converter*
Merry Christmas Friends!!
thanks for the add.
RT: : In one week, join us in a Twitter chat on Bullying Prevention w/ a panel of experts. Tues. 3/20 @ 3pm ET.
RT : How's your shoulder doing? 1 word: PAIN. Ha Its ok, really painful, but I'm dealin. Hows ur last. SF wk?
DUH!! I've been telling EVERYONE I see!
How dare you have personal principles?! Dance, clown, dance! (P.S. I love you so much right now.)
Pizza Today: For just $12.00, BBQ Smoked Chicken with Red Onions and Jalapeños pizza and get free toasted ravs if you mention this tweet.
Zac McFadden is playing some killer tunes. Very much recommend checking out his myspace. Although I didn't know that site still worked. Haha
THAT GIRL.
that's awesome! Are you a fitness professional?
I'm not tech smart enough to figure out how to retweet but go to thisishowwechangetheworld.com AMAZING Story
i could go for a grande white mocha cookie crumble frap with chocolate whipped cream
There's the Big Baby us #celtics fans once knew. Always finds the space between the clouds. Quad-teamed, still puts it in. #magic Tied again
We are giving away 500 I am Treyvon Martin hoodies tonight in Baltimore area stay tuned.
thanks guys… you're the best!
Every One Plz Follow My Girl —>
This weeks special, order 100+ garments and get an added ink color FREE! Offer expires 4/8. Mention twitter to receive the discount.
If a Cowboys fan makes a comment about me being a Packers fan loud enough for the entire plane to hear, is he flirting with me?
I really hope #BenAffleck saves us from this aircraft carrier sized rock that's hurtling towards us :\
The SF mayor is in the house! (and he made a funny!)
Truth. You could call it This Mutha's Life or My Mother Flipping Life or Who Just Shat on my Chenile or Shits and Giggles
LOLOL! Austin thinks your not normal! lololol! HE LOVES IT
Haha, I figured those couple beans jumped out 'cause they were as excited as me!
Proposal on shutting down websites and throwing data away in a large pyre
Keep it coming:) RT good meeting u yesterday! Hope the rest of ur day was fun. back at again, haha. ;)
The library will be closed this Mon., President's Day, Feb. 20. Stop by this week & grab U.S. history books from our special display!
Anyone else get annoyed at the sound of a big dog lapping water? UGH! Drives me insane. #GoldenRetrievers are so cute...but...the lapping!
<--i still have chills from that! made my heart happy
And I'm anti-diet, too (because of how they DON'T WORK... just sayin')
3TV morning show with going live at 9.40am foe Spring Training kickoff party Saturday night
go to class for a hour, come back #SportingKC has a new forward. Good luck Jacob from the James Gang
instead of going out, i'm going to the grocery store to buy apples. and frozen yogurt. and i'm completely ok with this decision. :)
Oxy Mo: Boxing Ring
Please tell me you didn't even watch a minute of New Orleans / San Fran last night? One of the best games I've ever seen..
great! haha school's a nuisance lol but other than that great! seen any new movies lately? haha
Leaving work, off to the gym.~~~Stay positive, prayer changes things.
this isn't wheel of fortune...
Oh i just love getting up at 6 30 to go to chicago...
Apple has $100 billion in cash, why don't they do something inspiring, like mount a manned mission to Mars?
Working out #LAfitness 👌👍
looking forward to it!
Nun being me
I spy a genre classification. So in addition to or instead of?.
Off to school
I'm writing a fanfic! RT to be Liam' cousin!
so much fun has happened already!!! See ya soon!
that's awesome! We really appreciate the support!
Goodnight and love you both! <3
Let's do Intelligencia. THursday is good. 3? I also work for myself or as I affectionately like to say I"m a DWaJ" (Derelict Without a Job)
To everyone who has already met the New Year and for those who are still waiting to do so, I wish everyone only the best in 2012!
8 am call time in NYC. I'd never move there again but good lord I'd love to be loaded and have a 2nd residence there.
Love the uber-geekiness of 2day's google doodle. Enjoy idea of super tech nerd lobbying passionately 4 his fav physicist in doodle meetings.
Bow Bow Bow
you are right on here! Also McDaniel's wasn't even coaching Denver this season.
i just sent it
Yes you are(:
#FF Fun for kids and adults!
thank you lady xoxoxo
how many law profs have killed Bin Laden?! #bringthefearDems!
That Awkward moment when teacher Cracks a joke and Nobody Laughs .*That bitch stupid *
Our focus today is #technology and #music. We'll be singing, dancing, and creating music videos!
This weather!
shake that ass for this Wi-Fi.
someone finally gets mee.
Four more
damn bro why you gotta do that to me
Playing "bullshit" in english (:
I dare you! ": I might be bold #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead .... I could make history lol"
Yeah, SF! Though I imagine Davis will be awesome (my alma mater).
did u create ur altar?
the superstars personal flack, is at it again trying to get his client, Dwight Howard, to a big market
Group projects: where only you do the work out of three people
haha thanks man! ;-)
Catching up on Veep. Awesome show.
Viva la France. Not since Mitterand has there been a socialist Prez. Sarkozy will have to eat cake.
Sounds interesting. Who should I contact?
#GottaLovehaters that dont' even know you!
Arapahoe and Holly stuck vehicle in the road.
What's in my pants is highly addictive and will rot your teeth.
you know it! dangerously tasty-- and great to have you all there!
Full Beerhoptaculariciousness, T-minus 25 hours, 6 minutes and counting...!
I just love a hot shower though it's makes your skin. dry as July....
smile :D
I'm already knowin
Thanks for stopping by! What a great day for tea al fresco.
Research in developmental education is not automatically enlightened just because it's about developmental education. Adams at
Shims, I would but I'm heading home for the weekend! I can't even meet everyone at Nordies! :( See when when I get back!
i never cared
Started playing softball yesterday in Greater Madison Senior Softball League. Feeling sore today but happy to be playing on a team again.
Y are there so many bitch ass niggas in the world can sum body tell me were the real niggas at
that's great. I will be there this year! Good luck!
pretty soon oregons gonna sport clear helmets
one per model
Building the playlist for tomorrow's #tailgate at the #HuntRaces. It's a mix in every way...
I'm excited for #thehungergames. My money's on Angelina Jolie
Dinner with my family! :) I love moments like this! I love my family! xoxo #BestMomentsInLife!
True story RT : Peggy = the new Don, but more awesome.
I love people who say they are fashion writers and know nothing about fashion *insert sarcasm*
My interpretation was Noah got drunk and Canaan raped him.
I added your banner. I should have done that regardless. No worries about $.
Sometimes you just have to give up, and that's okay. It's alright to realize that you can't save everything and everyone.
Word of advice for everyone don't watch the sneak peak of Goodbye in public.!! Your going to look like a crazy fool crying your eyes out!
RT ": id like an IV of diet pepsi from the fountain hooked up to me please."
thanks for the follow! Enjoy your week!
Not too short for work. Adorable! Have you been submitting these to ? They'd appreciate it.
Imma hit yo line when I get out there
in two weeks??
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" hahaa
SFO-Louisville redeye to engineering edu conference. Missed Gin Blossoms show (free!) there and since being told, Allison Rd stuck in head.
You're so annoying
wonder if he's gonna make me cum tonight...
that's why I got the 4S on Sprint. May not be better than Verizon, but easily beats AT&T. And unlimited data.
My next tweet...
Guess it's time to add the word Nexenta to my phone's custom dictionary
#irallstars I really hope that Gilman-Ramirez professor-librarian role play was recorded...
thanks for follow. happy friday!
Kim we we gonna hook up a again, I had a blast
We at ShureFire Records are proud to announce we are now official on Beatport! Big things coming!
#wcatl slow start this morning - probably due to the weather
Hahaahaa, OMG I didn't mean it Like That !!
oh, sounds not good ;(
This is probably the only time I'll ever use a Star Trek phrase...but when it comes to Lego batcave, Resistance is futile. Lol
Jered Weaver tosses the 2nd no-hitter of the 2012 season. Too bad the Halos still suck
85% of plane European emissionrights are still free.
RT: : I Just Love It Because My Baby Is In It <3
..~Action Is The Foundational Key To All Success~.. Pablo Picasso
serious question... If u had to replace one player on skc with a RSL player... Who would it be?
#52CardPickup THE LAST 10 TIX TO OUR GRAND OPENING are being GIVEN AWAY NOW! Come from 5-7pm to the Red Rabbit for your VIP tix.
Utterly fascinating. Kim Dotcom is like a modern-age Chicago gangster… fat, belligerent, cocky, and peddling the in-demand illegal goods …
Oh the stuff that we should be accomplishing for the magazine....Yet we're not.
I'm in your neighborhood!😳
I think they figured it out. Go Horns!
look forward to meeting you at the finals! :)
Had great client meeting today... off to start the branding and marketing!
night beautiful ;)": night night kayy ^.^"
hahahahahahaha u guys used to mock me every practice last year about softball so I need to retaliate somehow lmao
the whole world can feel small sometimes =/
Yey for the new site is beautiful! Also happy to see some BU CDIA love on there. We're happy to set up meetings with Tucker ASAP.
Who gives a lemur's ass if you like wrestling? Don't get hurt when someone doesn't understand your fetish.
i know you are lindsay lmao
I pass it around counter-clock 'cause I'm fucking odd.
These homeless individuals are required to leave the homeless shelter daily.....
Dworkin: instead of music as organized sound, music may be defined as is organized listening.
i hate my family
ohh yea. i did 2! i almost went but the tix were 80 and with the trip i didnt rli have the money =/
HOT Yoga? The beautiful girls have permanent makeup!
Great piece, thanks for sharing! Hope all is well with you. ; )
watched it last night, AMAZEBALLZ
I can't remember this math problem but I can remember your number
Late with this because I haven't been on facebook all weekend but thank you all for the birthday wishes and especialy to those who came out!
RT : Todd Rundgren is playing at Old Chicago -- can't decide if I start the ugly cry or get excited for next season.
LOVE late-night grocery shopping. Think it started in college with me. Wouldn't go to the grocery store anytime before 11pm.
Now I'm laughing. I'm thinking about what she said to him. "Um, we need to talk..."
time change sucks. You getting the hang of this thing?
The internet and social media appear to be able to topple governments, so I am not sure why folks are surprised they topple business models.
Is it Saturday yet?
#music gets a little bit richer when you listen to
well well well...look who's back in business!!!
Caribbean Airlines suffers 1st crash. My Q is why didnt the emg slide deploy? Lord pls keep my papa safe this evening.
word up, man. Health to you. And positive vibrations. Bless!
HAPPY HOUR TONIGHT @ LOCA LUNA! JOIN US. Fellow Greeks and friends from 6pm-10pm. [550-C Amsterdam Ave NE]
Studies have shown that students of all art disciplines outperformed their non-art peers by 91 points on the SAT in 2009. Go get artsy!
at home I'm guessing cuz I have the car at work
I miss my Texas boys , these Philly niggas are extra bummy .
Planning a Midwest tour....where would you like to see the Nue Jazz Project perform this coming fall/winter?
And much of the time, they'll be right.
running March 15th-April 1st at Theatre 54 At Shetler Studios! Let us know if you're back in town, be so great to have you!
I have wanted one here for years, but no luck. Sorry about the timing though.
RT : Helton going opposite-field. That was the vintage Helton circa 2002.
that new track is hot!!! keep pushing... hit me when you get a chance.
And I did a segment for Ch 7! Woot! (well, I hope they don't use that, I look terrible on camera). Nice thought.
lol oh ok. i get it.. at first i was like, what????
Salaam Alaikum! I'm praying for your beloved mother and your family.
- what? now what now? Waddidimiss?? wad dey do to Sade? She in jail or what! lol.... jus' kidding! ;)
no my son goes there, aka The Boy. Lol had to have him there at 5 for his trip.
“: #RARE the album is looking to be something of epic importance to the world ... It's special to me.” def looking forward
A on my informative speech
doesn't impact it at all. Tiger is still the gretest champion of our era and his sexual exploits will never effect that!
Hahaha, I just realized that too. Will it be as much fun without roadies this year?
Ima need some drank and some juice..
indeed! but totally worth it!
That's Adorable.
Oh.... get me to the Label 7 patio!
I like fun too, but driving to OC isn't -that- fun... but thanks for the invite #usopenofsurfing !!
what you doing
Your son, Peter, wow'd us today as our ROAR guide! Pls come to our benefit @ UCRec Ctr this Sunday 2-5. Tix will be at check in!
IU basketball team at runcible spoon omg best lunch experience ever 
Don't let the salvation ship sail without you - climb on board now!
#14324 Omg I love your account, I dont know how I never noticed you! 10! love ur icon btw.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is. It's always room-temperature.
So tired of this bitch.
What has been your most memorable souvenir from your trips to Anna Maria Island?
Yezzurr the good ol air max 95's. I love the original neon green pair
Really she has the nerve to hurt him like that well you know what he has me I ain't gonna let some dirty ass hoe ruin his life #fuku!! Nite
will do the next time I'm in Madrid. Love your city!
buy one for us when we get back!!!
Individuals: We're all in this together!
Just wrapped a podcast with for on bus
. starts with an introduction of our Speaking of Change series
Don't forget the marketplace. Free admission. Music by Mark Woodyatt 1-3pm and Charles Dickens at 12:15.
I have been busy-too busy! How've you been?
rlly? I don't remember owning it (;
got u family
Que bonitos tazas!!! :D
the sun is shining today. Towels! Balls!
We're new to Old Town! Follow us and come in for some scrumptious self-serve fro yo like no other-:)
says Twitter keeps her focused and gives her perspective. Readers contact her with questions they want her to ask.
Hey I just watched the live chat but my question wasn't answered. Would you consider goin to h.s. to share your experiences?
I'm great. Sorry I sleep a lot! Lol
Best wishes to all who are participating in #International Festival of #Cultures & Cuisines today. #Enjoy!
I would have wrapped them in Xmas cellophane but it is harder to find than true love in this city. I just wanted the former.
Go see them C'ville, great band RT : On the road to charlottesville! WE'RE BACK!
a sight both beautiful & sad at once. Beautiful we have support like that. Sad we were provoked to do it. Thx 4 sharing!
Hospitals r u fun
La la la la la LA la la la that's all I hear my teachers saying in class
Ass and boobs lmao
Thanks for coming to support, !
I follow someone whose latest Facebook post added that's he with, among other people, G. Gordon Liddy. HE'S on Facebook?!
VegaFina Churchill #cigar then off to bed.
Magic Johnson, meet Sandy Koufax!
When Kaya Henderson arrived, only 8% of DCPS 8th graders were reading at grade level...and 98% of teachers were rated "above expectations."
Tied game FML
Good morning Margie. How is your week going?
happy 21!! You da best :) have fun!!
A FIVE pointed Cockatoo! If everyone on Facebook gave 5 bucks, the Kickstarter Campaign will be complete! Or, if you want, donate 50...
Are you on Foursquare? This month, get a FREE appetizer when you check in with 2 or more friends.
Flordia Tomorrow . Goiin To Disney World & Orlando :)
sorry, no. It is epic.
isn't it wonderful 2 have reasons to celebrate our #Jewish history?
Did you hear the good news?!
marks 20 years of service from BOS. Text 4KIDS to 20222 to give $5 to and will match it!
"High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation."
When you realize he's an air sign and not a water sign.
Antonio Banderas as Picasso?! Oh LORD I can't wait! And gorgeous as always!
All I know is y'all bitches better do a #FF for me!
There will be folks! We have a Facebook group for people to RSVP if they'd like, but not required
Thanks for following me man
Ben is awfully inaccurate tonight. He'll heat up later, so Denver better build up a lead
i loved and i lost..
Huuh Today imma just walk around my block ! But its so hot . and i feel like i am getting sick too . i got a bad headache ! ugh
Guess it's taco tuesday @ Las Hadas for the countdown to my birthday! Who's down for some tequila? ;)
Apologies, man. Haven't forgotten about you. Just loaded up. Thanks for the
I will try to make that as apparent as possible. 4 thousand dollar software! That type of software isnt on bit torrents for the most part..
jell-o shot goin down rite now
#PAMA LunchNLearn Frank Consoli -Focus groups remember incorrectly - need to combine other research methods and data to put it into context
If you unfollow me because I dont like 1D then thats your lose. I really dont care, Im not a fan of them,but that's no reason to unfollow me
Its true!!!! Ok watch in a couple years hes gonna be like "HERE I AM BITCHES" nd ill just laugh nd be like i told yall niggas!!
Eating soup on the couch, sick, and look at the fucks I give today:
U a light weight RT : im done with my late night munchies..my weight limit is 125
At Code year meetup at #alamw12, will there be a prize for funniest sleep-deprivation-induced syntax error? Come and see!
So many good lines from that ep :) That was one of the best.
: Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. Conrad Hilton
YOU"RE WELCOME! RT : Thank's for the kind words!
REM is not breaking up. They're just finally hitting that deeper level of sleep
I want one, lol!!!
Where did freshman year go?
Stay on twitter ha
Holy smokes
i'm on my way.
So excited for Moranda Lambert tonight!
Baron's free lock of the week -- bet the HOUSE on UNC
Couldn't be. I wouldn't have said something that was grammatically incorrect.
thanks for the follow. Check out www.madmoneycouponbook.com
Can we get a pic of the new beer cellar?!
NP Drake stay scheming
The girl with a future avoids a man with a past
Bill did get killed.
- Good luck on the presentation!
..U SURE LOOK LIKE A STAR TO ME!!!!
Easter with the family and boyfriend (:
You're Welcome :] so what's up? ♥
Oh lord yes....you just wait. We were all so hammered last night. Hit up 3 parties last night haha
My Mom is now engaged<3
TELL EVERYBODY YOU KNOW TO VOTE FOR US....atleast 50 ppl...
