#twitpicyourpuppy I don't have a puppy. Thanks for reminding me, twitter! ;)
It's on right now!!!
I Wish Spaddy Didn't Have Crazy Work Hours I Could Use A Good Hours!!
What's a king to a God?
Yay Record Store Day!
A young Hindenburg crew member survived the jump when the ship made a slight bounce. He then served in German military.
nah i aint mad. your fuckin stupid.
great song boys! I could see this going!
The only thing I regret in life is that I have devoted much time to people who were not worthy.
its about time
Sipping on some coffee at the Chatterbox. Seattle better watch out!
let us know if you need anything. We are the ambassadors to pas :)
I think I can do that for you haha :)!
SO to Happy 18th Birthday to a great great brother & son! Have a great day.
pleasee follow back?
I remember when 3 in the morn. I was drunk stumbling into my house and Taylor was drunk stumbling out my house.
Must have been raised by monkeys.
what's your name
Hopefully if I eat some real food, this pain in my stomach will go away
I have already started you.
Just was asked by a man in gelman if I'm married.... He was confused because I was wearing "so many rings"...
Also your future babies. Triplets. All boys.
An hour of Total Immersion swim drills tonight. Officially in love. It certainly beats the old splash fest.
Apparently, saying "are those pants made of bacon? Cause you look like a pig in them" is NOT the best pick up line.
a repeat of last weekend
That Dorito taco makes me want to simultaneously throw-up/die/weep for humanity... seriously... EW
Today was quite the productive day! Now if I can only get some time to study...
he did have yellow on now he has pink...I like yellow better
Indeed for me also. Pretty boring.
you too?
Patriot gun safes is big on promoting child safety within the local community.
I severely dislike when people choose to use words like "pabulum" with many contradictory meanings. It makes no sense.
Love Willie doing Coldplay!
#Nets head coach Avery Johnson is the #Spurs all-time assist leader with 4,474.
I'd be more excited about Harper and Trout than Cespedes, by a long shot.
Just because I am probably not getting laid this weekend do not assume I will be at the opening of The Avengers.
Already off work for the day and back in my jams :) Don't feel like doing a damn thing today!!
MSLP technical alert price was at .0167 on alert thing is picking up steam
what time monday?
#SpringBreak is on!
It's 4am and just finished jerking. Clearly i kick ass!! um what is Jerking? please explain how you "kick ass"
what did they say??
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Wayne Gretzky
Of course! We met at a wrap party for a web series I starred in. is good people!
Yeah oysters! That's cool, that place has other good "happy hour" deals.
We went to Tucanos. They are always packed.
you are correct and you win 2 tix to on Sunday 10-10-10 just send and tix will be there
There's some weird redirect issue w/ the mobile version, that might be it. I couldn't get it to work on Android
hell yea finally!
Whoa, for WA?
I WANT POPEYE'S CHICKEN!
10% off your tab to all local at The Queen Voctoria Pub inside the Riviera
Have a wonderful productive week, lots to do this week, wish us luck! Back in a bit, until then... Be Well!
oh it was
Happy Birthday to her!
BoooooHaaaaHaaaaHaaaaaHaaHaaaahaaaaaa!!!! (In my sadistic, evil, witch voice) Lol! ;-)
Happy Leap Day! Is it business as usual or are you doing something special with your extra day?
I love it when you eat it 
Yes! When I worked on I loved their hyper-micro-local focus, but the ads are the real "small town" treasure
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.
lol jealous . I dont haha ..what chu been up to , its been like 2 years
There was free booze and free food for this dance!
that was a great write up. Can u speak abt the noise levels in the cabin as compared 2 Boeing jets?
I was there with my man and a friend of ours
not true I watched Lamar on espn3. I've watched games from all 3 networks on espn3.
RT: “: You can watch share his Koch Bros. vision for Wisconsin's future at tonight's State of the State address.
going to the movies tonight :) soul surfer
how i would react if followed me i have a feeling there would be some Girly screams and some jumping a definite YouTube moment
Huntsman right on natural gas
My boyfriend is my other half,I can't tell you how much he means to me <33
Grab your life vests! The Hurricane is here
Mhmm :) you're like my makeup artist inspiration. Haha. But honestly...
No matter how old u are, an empty wrapping paper tube is a Light Saber! May the force be with u!
Home for Easter? How's that going?: Students often find it tough leaving home for the first time but, writes Mad..
All my instructors at have the cutest butts. There must be something to this madness. My own butt is following their lead.
Thanks for the #FM ;)
Pumped up kicks dubstep version >>> Original pumped up kicks
"An EYE for an EYE, a TOOTH for a TOOTH." -Revenge.
and I are taking a road trip to Chicago next week! Yay x
Exclusive:Source says San Diego Narcotics Task Force "forgot" about handcuffed detainee for FOUR days in holding room.
oh. well my mommy doesn't think its a good Idea for me to go this week anyways but I can if I want. So Idk...
To the man walking the two goats around Austin: where's your utilikilt bro?
big ones are much better
#SWB12 The energy here is insane! GO GO GO! Can't wait to see the presentations!
“: I would like a hagen daz ice cream bar!” Make mine a Ben & Jerry's peace pop. Perfect day for ice cream! 🍦
Tonight should be all about Dick Clark,Billions respected him, we hope CNN lets everyone know just how very special he was in life.
Check out John Ralston Saul's book Voltaire's Bastards. This book has really been an eye opener.
Did Tonner just do the four LOTR dolls or were there special ones I missed?
she much prettier and cooler then you super cool. my sister friend said this to some chick
Went to the San Diego Natural History Museum yesterday for the #Titanic exhibit. Very cool, but no Heart of the Ocean on display ;)
Thanks to all my new (and old) followers. S/O to the newest newbies:
hey guys, we're doing a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what's your email?
On this day of your birth, may you get laid.
- That's when you know things have really gone south.
thanks for the mention Laurent. We'd love to help!
Something we can help w/ in the meantime? ;)
RT we used to be best friends, now we dont even say hi to eachother in the hallway
how are cameras about lives? No one seems to care about lives of clinic consumers.
I Want To Go Home :l
Good morning!
I need a nap!
#pw2012 WOW says a single worker in NM needs to earn $11.40 to be economically secure in NM
if you could play with any 3 players in college, out of your class, who would they be?
if your a carnivore go to Fogo De Chao its a brazilan steak house
Takin a walk. Lovin' this Florida weather! :D
hahah I know ;) I'm talking table-top RPG. knows what I'm talking about I bet ;)
I can already tell grad school is going to be much more difficult during the warmer months. 6 mos down, 18 to go. I can do this... maybe
Oh my god that song is perfect!
sorry for not replying or RT sooner.
…but then MSFT would have every James Bond movie available to stream in HD on every Xbox, smartphone, and every device with Woodstock…
oh, yes, I know. This isn't my first rodeo. (But of course, thanks for the tip)
Wouldn't it be cool if a 'Job Fair' really was a fair...with rides & popcorn & home made jams. Unemployment would be so cool.
Congrats to on his All State Honorable mention from the associated press!! Congrats young man!! #proud 🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀
Lebron going ham
I really want Tom and Eddies right now
OccupyPBS wants more programming in Spanish
hm, You might like a chai tea latte- they're a tasty, sans coffee delight!
We can stop suspicion from becoming fear, then hate. Let's break down our own assumptions about people & ask questions kindly.
If I see another post or tweet about YOLO, I'm gonna find the first person who said it, and cut out their eyes. Where's your YOLO now?
Bestf.>Boyf. idk why people think its okay to put someone on the back burner cause they now have a significant other to occupy their time
My teacher loves me - she puts kisses against all my sums.
Great Times call for Great Friends, Gabriel Jason & Sonia dambbb I missed these nights<3
All mohomies are the best :D <3 we all love you <3
follow back?(:
Had a great time at #chinatown and #littleitaly the Lights looked so beautiful tonight :) new #art on it's way
Feel of rain on your sunburn = excellent; feel of New Yorkers stabbing their umbrellas into your sunburn = :'(
I want A pet Hoglet
Sadly no, but damn!!
Want to walk with Senator Debbie at the #NationalBabyFoodFestivalParade? Contact me at 231-580-5265 or
The mis-education of the child is complete. Today, he is concerned "Weird Al" Yankovic died. "Who's Michael Jackson?" then he sings "Fat".
The moment I embraced my #naturalhair man you couldn't tell my ass nothing. Thought my fro was the shhh :) Still do Lol
You're an alcoholic. I'm just drunk.
Good point! I'm going to reach and check or use a mirror
Hey BFF have u heard the song TTYLXOX
#MiddleSchoolMemory w/ remember when.we cheated on the state test and it was like 10 of us texting each other answers kmsl
amazing reply. 100 points for you.
To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working. -Dennis Weaver
That'd be Nagasaki actually.
Just arrived at ATT Center for Nine Inch Nails, but gotta admit I'm just as exited about openers Ghostland Observatory.
More fun!
Oz is to the Wisconsin Dells as The Wizard is to Tommy Bartlett
We are !! > RT : Now that Christmas is over, Who is ready for ??
RT : Where do you #volunteer and why? Tell us on our FB page and your group could get a $2,500 Umpqua grant!
Big thank you!
Never wait for things to happen- make things happen- InSpotter app
Needs epileptic seizure warning, but funny!
On #ShakespearesBirthday, take a moment to remember #DCtheatre's beloved Gaurav Gopalan, who cherished+celebrated this day. We miss you, GG.
Calling a cab when you are too drunk: $21.50.
what reason?
-- Thanks for follow. Hope to see you at San Diego Wine & Roses Charity #Wine Tasting & Sale June 10 at
Be sure to #tweet a photo of your #Facebook bell ringing!
"Success is achieved and maintained by those who~TRY~AND~KEEP~TRYING."~W. Clement Stone MT DanJminor
Whew, what a great night, had to vent real quick. #overit Now back to substantive matters like what's for dinner, er breakfast that is!
EARLY IS BETTER THAN ON TIME & LATE
Been awhile. Hi tweeter.
Three more to 250 followers! RT please!
nothing better than homemade coconut brittle w/freshly grated coconut&homemade choco cupcakes filled with ganache and whipped frosting
you work six days a week??
/: same here bro
BTW,I'm not contesting whether or not FB mattered after Jan25. I'm just saying it very much did for the initial demonstration.
Jason Marr and Morgan Rowe on KGNW radio at 4:19pm today! Tune in for some Pitmen Painters fun.
A cold shower on a cold day Is always a rough start
Happy New Years! Are you the best poker grinder? Tell us!
artcl misses point. #STEM NOT about memorization... about INQUIRY and CREATIVITY. This is why we are falling behind.
in dc and i'm going to mizz jeezy again, i love u jeezy, i think u are the realist....
you can't help everyone. let God...
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value
I just emailed a show called conquer your fear I hope I make it
took yoga yesterday - today is golf! :)
have a safe trip and have fun :)))!!!!
#Fulbrightenrichment social conservatives struggle to finalize questions for candidates. Immigration, gun control, marriage being debated.
Had a great time with my sweet baby! Love you!!!
"I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich." ~ Colonel Sherman T. Potter (M*A*S*H). Rest In Peace Harry Morgan: 1915-2011.
Q: What's more bullseye-sey than a bullseye? A: Penis tramp stamp
thanks for the follow.
Shut up. Man up.
Any ideas on what to do this weekend?
lol! I am getting a lot of that! Apparently, it is in doubt!
Always go for what you want NOT what you think you can get.
so proud of you! Way to represent our great #OKState !
My mom has been asked to write a column for Forbes! I want go to the Forbes party...
Aboard Piper Navaho, 10 seater. Pilot ;ohn promises to update as we cross the Arctic Circle. Destination Coldfoot
I will I'm not home right now
�Eighty-five percent of the reasons for failure are deficiencies in the systems and process rather than the employee
Drama, i try staying out of it.... couple of weeks later its back again
“: It's a fancy night, and so Ryan pulled out his bump-it for the occasion. #Bachelorette”
your going to have to wait mark!
Re: TREATS. But Natural Balance Meat Rolls, cut into small cubes for training. #newPuppy will learn faster the more he likes 'em.
Full Moon Delight! How can i relish a full moon when it is so cold outside?Free Idea! I have got to find a way to watch it on webcam. 3812
I'll CRY IFI CAN'T SEE YOU. Btw The Maine and nsn are on the same stage. Nsn is right after!
#TRON was awesome and beautiful. Jeff Bridges+Daft Punk+shipping container loft+light cycles in 3D="Radical, man!"
Might take aussie yen off. looking weak.
I just got called hot by a guy ive never met on facebook but i talk to him alot... I STILL GOT IT
ill send it as soon as my dad takes me to the post office dm me her address again please? :)
I wanna make love to old school music one day
Yes! RT : Anyone else having difficulty getting the new iTunes T&C page to come up so you can update your apps?
i swear to god, neck kisses are the best..
Awake. Wondering WTF? Last night at Harvey's was fun, s+j hideaway was great . . . I'm old and falling apart. Matt brought me home at 10pm.
great to meet you! Hope to see you again soon. Anyone from your chapter going to #iabc12?
follow back boo! Lol!
2 hours an the I'm on my mini vacation!!!
RT : Love Soulman Sam! (0= RT “: Hey - you coming out to see Soulman Sam tonight?”
hello,was wondering if you could help me since google is not i am trying to stretch 2 sets of gauges into one
It may also be a way of harking back to classic science fiction - Wells, Verne - as a homage/reimagining.
Family Force 5's new music video.
NOW THERE'S A NASCAR DRIVER!!!
Okay if you over use the word "ratchet" then i now consider you annoying as fuck. Just stop.
Join us at Hunger Walk 2012, then stick around for the official Scoutmob/Baby Robot after party at Octane.
to be at your best for any triathlon come train at Velocity Sports Performance NYC!
just checking up on ya, get at me for a shoot
I'm cold :c
When are you coming back to Minneapolis? We want you back on soon!
Plone and buildout do a poor job of selling themselves
Congrats to all!
bo his So lol
Got new things for my room today from a friend so it free n now i can get my comforter n paint
I REALLY JUST DONT GET YOU SOMEDAYS YOURE ALL TALKATIVE SOME DAYS YOU WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH ME…. QUIT PLAYING FUCKING GAMES!!!!!!
holy crap how in the freaking world did u do tht?!?
really?! I gotta look at that list again. Just highlights how there is great bass fishing everywhere.
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you." - Elbert Hubbard
“: There's plenty of food & drink during #Suberbowl Sunday, what are some of the better items served today?” A to Z Pinot.
S/o to my new follower (: and she #EST .
two more days.... lol
Wham bam thank you maam. Devils.
Congratulations you won Twitter Money Machine Giveaway! Come Grab the Cash April 19 at 7pm!
My flight is delayed aka more time in Detroit. Wah.
Ouch..I just got punched in the gen gap. 20 yrs ago when Xmen got too Xover driven & I read back into silver age, Avengers were lame to kids
RT : unBEADable Fridays, come to Players club to find out how to win!
fun 36 hours in LA, but so happy to be home in SD!
Hey, in the process of planning a trip to London/Barcelona/Prague/Budapest/etc. in late summer. suggestions on cheap air?
Gonna make some art after hangin out after work in the museum.
keep pushing...keep praying....and not going to let man still my joy !!!
Of course we are, we're getting married lol :-)
People that write essays on Yelp ... WHY?!?!?!
That dude or person keep on mentioning me I'm scared
I'm going to try to send you a video of him singing it. He is amazing.
Tomorrow is my birthday wow
I think the most sq footage we have in our apts here is about 650 sf, so 765 is spacious indeed.
when are you guys moving?
great job playing the heel today!! I love the cat fans having your back & the card fans crucifying you! You are a pro-wrestler.
Fourth cup!!
I'm jazzed. 2 SLP apps out to libraries for review. Only...16 to go? But the library that looked theirs over today was super-excited. :)
if we even have a chaperone . Cuz dwyer said we don't have to stay with our groups. Only to go to the bathroom (c)
we were probably funny before the Internet :)
If you are a supporter of the #MuslimBrotherhood, you do not belong in America. MB = terror. RT
Girls are so annoying
At 9:00PM EST a concept call will be available! If you wanna participate in something HUGE, I suggest you call in. 646 519 5860 Code: 64630#
At the rate I'm going, I should just change my major to English & become an author.
These are the times I live for.. Making it feel like summer!! :)))
fer real
Help wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Simon Cowell is CASTING "THE X-FACTOR" in Los Angeles this weekend. Sign up and show your talent: www.CastingDNA.com
have incentive and proof to be able to track the person down for deformation of character. My uncle who's a police officer is
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
The type of birth that make you wish that you had never met her.
I think that's SOP for many countries. "open borders if you're unlikely to use our safety net" is stingy but not neces. problematic
RT : Your miracle lies not in the past nor the future, but in your complete acceptance and embrace of this moment.
Let's welcome to the Twitterverse. Here 5 days & already has 1,700 followers. And Desmond, keep any Thunder talk to yourself.
: previously on… Missed last week's show. Way backed up on TiVo list & haven't seen show in a month. Just discovered the show...
gettin skinny. or trying to at least
No kidding. Pitch pitch pitch.
thats what makes you interesting:-)
Hey! girl whats up? :)
Over the last months I have been fortunate to receive many endorsements. I am grateful for your support.@ CuyahogaDems
I loved last weekend :)
Roughly four in ten West Virginia Democrats voted for a man imprisoned in Texas over Barack Obama in the state's presidential primary.
RT : Get a FREE Chick-fil-A meal tonight when you drop off a new teddy bear for Rady Children's Hospital! From 5-8pm
Thanks for the kind words!
u at super bowl? Finish #Clutch?
I hope not!
RYAN EFFIN HOWARD
MB said "We Love You Too!!!!"
how do i breathe- mario
they have one in harahan!
Thank you to all our friends that came out to support us at the Art Festival last weekend. You guys rock!
Keep your eyes peeled, we'll be giving away much much more free, signed stuff this week! Just because we love you :)
Matienzo's Oil
Great! I'm glad you like it :)
you watching it?
dude upload some videos! Technology isn't that hard :'D!!!please <333
ALL LOCALS GET IN FOR $5!!! 2-1 DANCES ALL NIGHT!! YOU KNOW U NEED TO GET OUTTA THE HOUSE SO CUM DOWN AND SEE US!!!
RT : Tickets for Bruce 's 8/18 show go on sale TOMORROW at 10am but u can win your way in by RTing this by 5pm!
I shouldn't have doubted Tebow.
congrats! Excited to see who you have in store!
Soup's on at Lottie's - savory white bean and corned beef & spicy roasted vegetable. Eat your heart out Soup Nazi!!
Thanks for the follow! I appreciate it -
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin♥
art now for this thursday's Art Walk. Art of , & Urban Masters
Anyone headed to the Highpoint #Market in NC this week!?
Bach party in Louisville! Fun fun fun!
oh yeh. Melo pretty close to us. We're gonna win this game.
New interns start today! Interested in a Spring 2010 internship with TMI? e-mail us at
An interactive night of beer and food samplings, beer history, trivia, and home brewing tips lead by a local beer expert!
The big question is how will the cost vary from FB Ads and Sponsored stories? Thanks for sharing Mari
Coming up with a new #socialmedia plan for one of the clients at my internship has been very enjoyable!
I want to cry knowing that you're happy 😭
Got 3 out of 4 for my Final Four picks and am now 2nd in my pool to someone whose winning team is Missouri. How? *sigh* Missouri . . .
Another late night. I thought #Halloween is supposed to be #FUN! But, working on cool stuff like #Facebook Pages #HappyHalloween everyone!
RT "Put Everything In God's Hands And Soon You Will See God's Hands In Everything...."
VERY beautiful! :')
Twenty years ago, could you have imagined Magic buying the Dodgers? Greatest comeback in our lifetime?
I'm popular at poppin dough, breakfast at Pappadeuxs
Cheap wine night and yogurt with Brandon makes all the problems go away...
I want an ipad too. They're awesome, but I saw my partner drop his 2 feet onto the sidewalk and it shattered--in its case. :(
I moved to New York 2 years ago. I still dont need to own an alarm clock bc the street cleaning truck wakes me up at 7 AM, everyday. MLINY
yes man I owe u an over the phone don't I??
haha sounds like a plan ! But it's up to jasamyne , she's the driver. I have no license right now lol.
Praying a Sun Stand Still prayer...
have a good day today ! Love it when your happy !!! <3
"I'm the freaking presentation lady!"
Nikki's Anderson stresses that hybrid courses aren't condensed versions of traditional courses.
any advice 2 help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?PLEASE REPLY! Ive been trying for 2wks for you 2reply. Pls get on
“Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.” ~Bette Davis
STOP POSTING PICTURES OF YOURSELF
You're probably right, but don't lump me in w/ all those dishonest, lazy guys... Almost noon? My workday is nearing an end, lol
Panda express for dinner? #umheckyeah !!
Index Creative Village in VN venture
Can't believe the judges gave them sympathy 9's.
You should think about becoming a professional chef.
Thanks for the follow!
Last weeks of School are always chill and you dont shit so why even Come... They should just the last two weeks out. Cuz we dont even work
RT : It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Read more news in our upcoming March e-newsletter, so sign up for our email updates if you haven't already! www.childrensbookpress.org
We got lots of rain and unexpected snow! We're still waiting for our sunrises to be less grey :)
Going to be driving, but is full speed ahead with #sbchat ~ make sure you join him when all the action begins in a few
Stitches are out
way ahead of you Candie. Jeez I'm just an undercover mahomie'
4 AM and I can't sleep so what do I do?? I draw! Have my drawing tablet and my pen all ready to go! Working on 24 hours without sleep.
RT : Somebody tell why he should pick Syracuse one more time before he makes his decision
Surround yourself with others who are engaged in what you're doing, and you'll do better.
I feel book portfolios are as relevant as the New York Times is. Haven't pulled mine out of the closet in quite a long time.
Lets get #BBN all over - IU fan that just won't quit! His comebacks are hilarious lmao. Needs a smack down!
text me <3
why? anyways is 2 days as well!
True that! :) RT : Go Padres! I can't wait to watch us sweep the dodgers on the home opener series. Who is going? -Ralph
#iLikePeopleWho Working had to get what they want!!
#AskBieber How do you pick where to go for the believe tour?
800printingnyc800printingnycNYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! www.800printingnyc.com
That's so cool, Ruth! Congratulations.
I'm In, where do I sign UP
Happy Birthday!
I don't understand
If you decide to buy the wishbone necklace, let us know so we can find you a good coupon code :)
I *almost* want the Lakers to lose just b/c I enjoy apocalyptic scenarios. I see Bynum picking up Mike Brown and hurling him, WWE-style.
I got a text at 1am from MM saying I should probably wash the dress.
But classic nonetheless!
Hi guys! Want to make sure you received a recent email abt a Kitchen PLAY event. Check your spam folder & let me know. -Casey
sick!!! love you!
The future of reality programming for kids: "more expensive" (lol) (Pickard), more inclusive and interactive (Commisso).
so did I. But was a little fried by then. Thanks!
If I call 's oatmeal pecan chocolate chip cookies "granola bars" it's okay to eat them for breakfast, right?
I don't think I would either. Maybe they should come out with lickable wallpaper for kids rooms. :0)
Not Jessie's girl again....
Stomach Cramps <<<<<<
NO!I wont be silenced
This is not going to be nice but it is true. Those asshole trustees at Penn State should all be ashamed of themselves.
Just Googled that movie title & realized I out-kicked your ages on that last Tweet. The movie from 1991.
me too!
I just retruned from Las Vegas where I met with Ed Slott, America's premier IRA advisior. Learned lots of great stuff. Watch for my blog.
Nice!! See you tonight!
hahah you're right, you're right
Sleep. You and I will meet again one day. And when we do, it will be magic.
ARE YOU FOLLOWING He's a beefcake with great buns
I love Jurnee! I'm kinda bummed her pilot didn't get picked up.
Love this, I think right idea. You can always find more people RT : Whats more important, the right idea, or the right people?
How do you beat the Lakers then lose to the Bulls the next night?
Slim Bacon to perform tonight at 6.
Surely if enough fans scream at the ref after a replay of the disallowed goal he'll give it back! He simply must!
this girl sure loves to #fish :)
Oil-based stains have no ring. Think twice before washing – soap and water may set the stain.
besides me. Seeking distractions from the florecents, scretching kids, and the wait.
i know do it to make u laugh lol
2 ringsRT : I can't even get on twitter anymore without finding out another one of my followers deciding to become a rapper.
Among our users are Bank of America, AT&T and Exxon to name but a few
Urrgg i need more followers :p
Hope to you and a new OC next year.
yes, tried the new theatre. Very comfy reclining seats. Pricey but nice atmosphere for u & Approx 65 seats/theatre.
cant wait to get started on this colla.
I need to live in NZ for a lot of good reasons, I think.
Watch Big daddy or night at the roxbury?#hard decision
nothing just watching glee
Wish i uad a true female by my side who bout my age and in Memphis doe
I love that movie :)
RT : Had a great 2hr mtg w n of in #Scottsdale ! I'm likin what they have 2 offer small biz!
LOL you've been doing shots haven't you?
That's insane, why???
Roseanne Barr just yelled at me-something about "rogue capitalism"?Do I qualify as a commie bastard yet?lol labels shld come w/descriptions
NBM is the schizzy; incomparable DC materials and perspectives!
Eating and people watching with the homie Josh
you don't want to see dkr?
Thank you to everyone who applied to be apart of today'd focus group! We has over 100 applicants
Stupid Groundhog
Another high rolling, hole in the wall dining establishment tonight. Tons of great, cheap food right off the Vegas Strip....
Another AA Availables Showcase participant off the board ": Coty Clarke (6-7/F/2012) of Lawson St. CC committed to Arkansas"
Going to change the oil in my car today. ON MY OWN. These gay boys should learn how to.
Saw a SAG screening of Toy Story 3 and then Father's Office afterward. Great great movie.
Just defended my mom for the first time in who knows when. That just really made me mad, that's my mom.
Editing...writing...fun stuff coming soon!
thank you so much! Let me know ur thoughts am Illegal! Cheers!
There was a "True Life... I have A.D.D." episode once. Not the same as you with your own reality show
She shows the perfect amount of hidden strength behind that abused wall she has up the first three episodes. Took four viewings to see it.
: omg those boys were creepin lol
Pro Tip; if Seinfeld is on the tv while you're having sex, try not to look over @ the TV & laugh
Very cool. Did you produce or anchor it?
Zero money corruption or ANY corruption in my campaign!
very welcome
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I kinda want to change my college path from a business path to a film career path
or they ask you to do their makeup.
Who are your top 5 upcoming bands!!! Link us to their twitter accounts!
Obsessing over a celebrity doesn't mean they obsess over you like you think they do..
let me know! I had to make a quick stop, should be there by 2!
Tip of the day: If you dont want your eyes to get zapped then alls you got to do is wear antizap eye protection.
Out of all the restaurants in Northport wow my mom picked a WINNER lmfaooo
"It'll all be good in the end. If it's not good, it's not the end." Skylar Diggs, Notre Dame Basketball Player
I hate knowing that I probably won't get enough sleep tonight...
Missing DBS at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm would be...uncivilized.
WOW crazy wild game! Can't sleep on no man. Can't go cold in the 4th.
happy birthday stew stew
yes that sucks! We are adults. This is malarkey I tell you!
Protest The Hero
Its a beautiful day out here in Las Vegas
love u zayn.... Just btw. Hope u have a great day! :D
Watching Bill Maher n they rn an argument about Reagan vs Obama what Reagan did that Obama did not. I'm shoutn CRACK MFKN COCAINE!
The University of Miami climbs to #38 in the rankings of the US News and World Reports Top Colleges in the country. It's all about the U!
Sadly, there are no good seats at a Final Four except in front of the TV.
Thx for the follow - you provide the BEST office space support in greater Boston - I'm a BIG FAN!
haha yea brooks is on top of his social media game man
I hope it's not too late to add the Forever Lazy to my Christmas list. Order now & it comes with fleece footies : )
oh snap true that have you seen it?
RT: Playing with Storyline...finally (been busy). Fun! #Articulate #lrnchat #elearning - can you share? Thinking of testing...
I just got stalked by dammnn (:
Eating some lasagna
Rail Runner prices are going up & the sched is changing, but don't worry, there's an express train now.
Are you following us on FacebookPages/Twitter/Tumblr/Pinterest yet?
This morning @ Green Valley Lib, Making Sense of The American Civil War: Imagining War will be presented. Don't miss it!
Poll: Is Naniwa the best #protoss in the world?
great drama unfolding at the College World Series. Arizona State needs a win to avoid elimination!
and Thanks!
I love this story... "A ninja robber is finally caught" Yes he lept over countertops at stores...Tune in now for the story...
Nothing like watching step brothers at 5:00 in the morning. Haha.
I'm pondering our next worldly adventure... I'm thinking London > Somewhere in Scandinavia > Munich > Salzburg > Barcelona? Suggestions?
Not that we're aware of. But that's what the Pizza Lab is for :)
Have u seen my background on here? Lol Im in heaven
We've all heard it enough AT.
Grrrh wish I could wave a magic wand... or had a time machine either would do.
: have a great weekend Gale!
this is such an awesome song...thanks for reminding me! - Alex G.
Wow! I'm almost at 500 #Assyrian followers. It happened so fast! #Assyrian <3
haha thanks ;p
Workplace #safety tip: Be relaxed. Injuries & pain can occur if neck & shoulders muscles remain constantly tensed
Let's do it. do you have my number? - Ross
Lol okay this time I won't search "chemjobberman." I know how to take a jint.
you speak the truth brother!
Freud and Lacan. Reading about shit.
i constantly check my phone to see if i get a text or a call from you
Youll love him.Tough runner w breakaway speed & gr8hands.His 8yd runs r better than other RB's long 1's RT :Watching Polk tomorrow
I'm about to become more domestic so I can have any hopes of getting married...starting off with learning how to cook!
Movie tomarrow activity gonna be funn hopefully....
Not happi bout spending tonite alone. But ima make the best of it... y do I have a boyfriend again???
That's cool, no one cares
cray... Why you no give me hug today?
Recruiting for a Records Management & Archives Coordinator to work at a client site in San Francisco, CA. This is a long-term contract opp…
What's cooking at your house today?
i've been busy narrowing down the best of the 60 or so songs i have written since december!
tonight's game sparked a bunch of crazy memories from my 1 yr at #MississippiValleyStateUniversity lol
Friends and I tried to sing a Jem song for the 5th grade talent show. Didn't make it b/c song was too "mature."
is a great business choice boss lady ill see you soon :) Im ready to get to work.
OK so suggest a place this Friday May the 4th... NE side... at 8 pm? We will show up!
Just saw a baby crying on Santa's lap. My trip to the mall is complete...
Love your twitter name...too cute!!
Research King Lear and after you're done, you can go back to sleep :)
Tim Duncan has 18 points and 8 rebounds. He goes to the bench with 37.9 seconds left in third quarter. He might be done for regular season.
Stupid Dorian gray quiz 😒
I wanna meet the Victorious cast do bad :-!
lost in stereo
Come and visit me in NY boys! I miss you like a fat kid misses sloppy joe day at summer camp.
Vegan slices from 5pm-close tonight!
Now that classes are over, ready to finish up grading and get to work finishing up a chapter
well it's just showing love
That was Nelson's tweet congratulating the other two, I believe.
RT Walgreen to Buy Drugstore.com: Walgreen agreed to acquire online retailer Drugstore.com for about $429 million...
Thank you Jane!
Instead of #YOLO I'm probably going to start saying
cant wait for my follower to come to Houston this summer!!
Private Murder Mystery Event in Chino, CA tonight. Perfect rainy evening for mystery.
Best of luck to the Badgers Women's team. Bring home another Championship to Madison
#femtechnet what topics would u want in a big ole open access feminism/technology course?
RT : Why is it that when you take government off my back you put it into my lady parts?
The fake laugh you do when you don’t understand what somebody just said to you. You're like :D but deep inside you're like o_O
Going to a breakfast place tomorrow that has happy hour from 8-9 am. So awesome!!!
Please follow me back<3
We just found out that a competitive analysis we did for a #nwindiana clt just helped them get investor $. Woo-hoo!
It's hard to say no..
": To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on. ♥"
yes, total Cher move
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Do as much ordering, funds transfers and other tasks online. You save time doing your errands from your desk.
The week of Oct 20 we plan 2 be recording interviews with a variety of “hot” people in OC like Scott Dunlop, Creator, RealHousewives of OC!
Now following
"Too often, we did nothing." #ArmenianGenocide. We didn't get justice, it's time to make justice.
Of course a Joss Whedon-scripted Scarlett Johansson would rocket back to the top of the list. Because of course she would.
You gettin' the braces tightened? :]
Morning Sorors! Chapter Meeting Roll Call! Who's getting ready?
I really hate my job.
COOL...DM ME UR EMAIL SO I CAN SEND U SOME JOINTZ.
plz follow me y9ur fan from the usa it would make my day :)
We will have our Day of Prayer service at the Church Sun is shining but there are 20 mph gusts of wind don't want you to blow away ;-)
wondering whether todays stock market moon shot has the "sell in may and go away" folks eating their livers?
Ahaha! Marry me...
never a dull moment with my blasian. lol
I've been to Massachusetts North Carolina South Carolina Maryland Pennsylvania Virginia Tennessee Georgia DC & obv Florida
lol you're not forever alone!
Also, 96 NBA Draft (still procrastinating) #CharlotteHornets traded #KobeBryant 4 #VladeDivac. Would #Hornets still exist if not so dumb?
Five bucks for a Mother's Day card. Five bucks! I say do away with all holidays or cards.
BECAUSE EVERYBODY KNOWS IM THE MEANEST PERSON ALIVE LOL
The Knicks have already beat up on my HEAT so tonight i will be going for Orlando!!
I be t y'all keep looking at the same direction where mb is. I AM! lol
You can also check out my performance on Maury's most talented kids on YouTube
SMILE..its contagious:):)
you are awesome thanks for the support!
Porpos-kin are interesting creatures. I've played a shitload of Tierkreis the past few days...
Thanks, ! , I think you blue the competition!
. & you two are the best!! And the food was amazing & delicious!
Chipotle would be so much better if you could feed the idiots who eat facing the street.
is telling me it's time to water the basil--how wonderful is THAT!
O My Godness..:O
"...invisible colleges are more than just small, tight-knit networks of scholars—they must also be connected and influential..."
I know that friend be glad you only got murdered.
Eggs? Nigerians? What exactly is going on here?
E x c e l l e n t - our evil plan is advancing nicely.
FREE trivia and comedy night! Come check it out!
My pleasure!
RT : Breaking News: President officially kicked off his #2012 reelection campaign at a rally in Tucson Arizona.
Who here likes the old Mo-Town music? We love it! Classics!
You know it's the future when I complain about non-HD feeds of fireworks.
S/O to my new follower all ima say is
How to spend last day of no work? marathon
Day #4 of being super sick :( Is there a doctor in the house?
your so lucky, i want some ):
Having to sneezing and it just won't come out <<< -_-
will you guys be there tomorrow? i'm thinking about taking some photos and featuring #coffeeoffice on the blog!
Well it is Spring
she stole that breast milk from dania
I know I'm the same way “: I watched that fight 5 times, I don't understand????”
so "higher purpose?"
Haven't seen Return of the King in two years. Never stops being awesome. #TNT cc:
Tune in Sept. 17th to watch the Oprah show I was lucky enough to attend. It's BIG!
Can't believed that Azarenka beats defending champion Clijsters.. What an awesome match!
Yeah doggy you rap and I will just sing the falsetto's over the chorus
can I get a happy birthday for my sister please? Thankyou! :-)
Bumping that music, they inspire me to make some sick tracks!!
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
that is really weird that the street view of that building is that old
Lets go g-men!!! Gettin pumped right now!!!
aight.. you gone be working at willowbrook still?
How is that possible? wow you are going 0 to 100 fast
That's a great likeness of her!!
i love you more! Josh better get JEALOUS. and thanks haha(:
GUESS WHAT I GOT TODAY!! THE POP STAR MAGAZINE U WERE IN!! :) <33
Newt #Gingrich will end his bid for the Republican presidential nomination & express his support for next week
I'm at the hospital. NBD.
yes I get more done without it lol
Great stuff thanks for the advice!
yeauh, are you? o:
Is there such thing as a sex hibernator? So many women talking about having long streaks of not getting any...
Donnybrook? Tho I think that may be a slur against Irishmen.
Pedro. Did you see my message?
shit we will cena got ripped off against the rock and this his big win now
How was everyone's #weekend?!
Im tired of these same old people in my contacts -_- always have boring conversations . Tweett me <3
Cleveland Booming Dam they can't wait settle down people
Toasted Coconut Donut + Caramel Coffee = Happy Angelique! Thanks !
how many are you expecting?
Congrats to our Professional Development team for their Excellence award win at the Chapter Management Awards
I'm not a jealous nigga I'm just about respect....
I often find myself playing improv games by myself-talking outloud,walking down the street-this is normal right?
omg. Die. I wish I were at the Met Ball! Let's go!
I'm not even hungry tho
Isn't at school today..... *cry cry cry* D:
Slice of the Week NORTH AVE: chicken, caramelized onions, and fontina cheese. M fontina cheese!
This rain is blowing my Mothers Day lol but I will be eating steak today s/o to my sis n law and brother for making me and my mom dinner
I need a change. Ladies, what is your go-to lipstick? Brand and color please.
Tumblr keeps crashing on my iPad = Steve Jobs' ghost is telling me to go to bed
You'll be safe-you were incredible last night!
I see that but I think it alienates readers and provides only short term revenue. So progressive in other areas but not in this.
dedication is a must
haha, maybe next time!
People drive me crazy
I like your definition...although rhetoric is often ineloquently done!. Maybe "successful rhetoric" instead
Follow Out Original Account Please !!
Set our own Record for Village daily attendance yesterday at 150,000 fans!!
LOST series* finale
Vanilla latte on a cold rainy day
im soo sleepy! :(
and A keyword immediately preceded by # is known as a hashtag.
I need drops from you g
Adore the Diggers! Good to see a reference, they are hardly brought up anymore as example.
I don't believe you have to have given birth to be a mother figure. So happy day to every of you! Kick line!
that is insane. what did you do?
": I feel sorry for people that are short AND fat." And the ones that think they can still wear
wats wrong with that...I had a long night
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head
austin posted the picture i edited of him and his younger self on his facebook and he gave me credit :D but some girl just(c)
With God all things are possible.
Any plans to ever increase your production of 30x30 pants? The world is conspiring against me getting some Gargamel's Revenge.
Nine Inch Nails dude just won an Oscar. Nice.
#RVA Dad got his #historical #fiction published for #kindle Check it out for free! Nutt Avenue by Arthur Wiggins.
what it do fam? Still looking for that colab :-)
I hate auto text.
Getting my Jeremy Renner man crush on.
Good and bad weekend. SKC bad, family and Arsenal awesome! Back at it tomorrow
The Wizard Of Oz one of the best movies ever!!
IM GONNA MISS MY TWINS 2MORROW ITS THEIR B-DAY:(
"how the wives kicked out the men and built and enterprise".
I'm submitting like crazy! Looks like there are a lot of opportunities out there :)
There are Jenga myths?
.: if anyone says "I don't use social media for my business" then the answer is yes, they are mismanaging it.
lol whats wrong with u being a gal?
We'd like to wish our Dad a very happy birthday!
can u please follow mee <3 !!!!
If you want to be successful, you're gonna have to want it just as bad as you want to breathe
Stop by the tasting room on Railroad Street this Sat and enjoy some live tunes 11AM-3PM from Mind Your T's & Q's while tasting some samples!
Sounds lovely!!
are poynette grads allowed in that town? Or when you're WBA best sportscaster it doesn't matter?
so full of icecream!!
Am I now?
Yeah! She's a fellow at RCAH...you should meet up with her.
having new spotlight operators every show and having to teach them every time
its posse homeboy
Ha, I appreciate that but eduClaytion's days are over!
They don't have gonzo journalism as a option for a career
Ah… Really considering going to the #ArtWalk but just didn't have anyone to go with lol…
hey welcome!
I just wish that my parents realized my close friends are reflections of myself. Vs the abhorrent, two-faced extended family. :p
Season 1 Modern Family would have had interesting thing to say about it. Now she just seems vilified and abandoned.
Awesome - please do keep me posted! XO J
it'll be legal in Maryland jan 1st 2013 gonna have a spring or summer wedding in the park
Rule #87: You are...Reading Twitters.
I took my AP history test today! I know I'm not gonna get my college credit :) lol
That's the gayest thing I've ever heard you say. I want pictures afterwards!
it has your name written all over it!!
I clearly remember my first surge of followers. If you followed me after Mac Miller RT and replied me, I know who you are and I wont forget.
go to Vegas. Spend the wedding money on buying or furnishing a home....and congratulations!
being the only person not in you industry in the room, it was a real eye opener!! I learned a ton!!
#GWU, it's Turkey Time at Thyme!!!! Have an early Thanksgiving today in #GWJStreet! Turkey, Dressing and all the fixins'!
Taken as: You're a beast. “: No. RT : "You have a strong handshake.....for a woman" Is that a compliment?
there R no preorders, that color releases November... : can you update me on the pre order for the Dolphin ones
You're quite welcome. Have a great weekend!
The downloader app should no longer freeze. Yay for no freezing!
#FollowMonday Inspired by these people!!!
Forgot I parked on the fifth floor...took the stairs..(-___-)..lol
come check us out!!
considering I've been at #disneyworld all weekend, playtime is right up my alley. What is place in IL you mentioned last year?
Debbie Wasserman Schultz crushed it on Meet the Press. Why was David Gregory trying to say that a net tax cut would help the deficit? Weak.
Thanks to ... Booked at Maloney's in Reading on March 3rd
we're going 6 OT's...RT : Wright makes it 72-70 with driving layup. 7.6 left Does Georgetown have a 3rd buzzerbeater in its quiver?
Looks like I need a new bottle of Bulleit.
Please use the question numbers in your answers and keep your tweets short to get RTs
Excellent pts by re OSS & Educause: bit.ly/uNgbY1 Conf is built around old ecosystem; must keep adapting.
One of my favorite bands in the whole world is playing at tonight, The Lemonheads!
would sell my soul for a rasp donut right now
I followed you. Now we can DM. The reason I ask we are hosting a FREE coaching session with NYC voice coach Tome Burke.
"Social Data: The Genome of your business". 's preso is SPOT ON. Build resilient programs on ground truth!
plain yogurt+frozen blueberries+honey+ground ginger=best low cal dessert ever
Sac Area teachers I will be speaking on the to the School of Edu at National Univ 1/24/12. Join us!
$6k left to go and three days to do it. Help us create a tool to engage teens in social good.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!!!! Love you<3 don't let them hoes getcha!;)
" LUSI.OB " Will give me much love with penny stocks this week can't wait..
The KSI library will be open this Friday, July 1 from 1-4 (approximately).
And Twitter is a minefield of snark, sarcasm, and sardonic statements.
If you love me, let me know. If not, please gently let me go. -
I didn't think it could ever happen, but you are starting to freak me out a little.
I haven't broke open the bag yet. The tasting notes say light and crisp. It's blonde roast profile.
FWD:From : In 2011, there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia & Yemen combined.
In the end, all you have is your reputation.
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
Scottsville Farmers Market is now closed for the day. Visit us Thursday for more music, more fun, more fresh produce and take home meals!
Crap... Rent is due today.
The Torah is the way of life for all Jews and as a Messianic Judaism, the observing of the Torah is of prime importance (which is observed w
I do!
Skittles are the best sweets end of
yep. My parents live across the street.
Wishing it was possible to edit posts to fix grammatical errors.
#facebook is borked
You have 2561 followers on 5-16-2012 at 828pm Let's see what can be done about that! =)
America's Got Talent! (: woo
We'll take good care of you.
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL TweetChat! Ask us questions or share your #TEFL stories!
it's happening!
Here's to hoping can end the reckless tide of attempted curatorial marginalization in digital
k I will which person in the pic am I talkin to
Smokin out your bedroom window, why? because you're house has an alarm system and cameras.
if he hits 40 homers, well, you grit your teeth, and back up the Brink's truck.
I don't know, it'd be pretty expensive to replace a decent quill these days! ;-)
I know i have been extra active online today...3 ipad3 spamtweets just came in
throwbacks!!! im on the search!!!
you're seriously telling me they freehand the slurs? insane.
Author and historian Susan Gillis speaking at Bonnet House tonight at 6pm. RSVP to
Not sure if Roseanne is a worthy successor to Betty White in the Snickers commercial, but loved it anyway!
Movement Class with coming up in March. Send resume to to apply.
It was a fun time, but I'm sure you're excited about getting settled into your own place. That's a pretty bid deal, too.
Happy Monday Tucson! Get your week off to a GREAT start and join us for lunch!
and I landed in DC for #cni11f. We are going to preach the gospel of using library resources to create digital research tools.
Its chilly here in #boston after that rain
RT : Remember remember #the5ofnovember: gunpowder treason and plot! I see no reason gunpowder and treason should ever be forgot
and i saw breaking dawn yesturday it was scary/gross
Thank you, darling! I absolutely needed it today. :-)
ugh that sucks. does he have a secret catnip stash somewhere?
Get my raise from da.Otha job n 5months
Do any famous people ever follow you back??
Download the Library Anywhere app if you have an iPhone, Android, Blackberry, iPad, etc. to access our catalog anytime/anywhere!
Austin Powers watchin, neopoliton ice-cream eatin, and tyler posey on the brain. I can say my mind is stimulated.
~~~~~Let them visit an assisted living facility, and have them participate with and indulge the senior citizens...connections.
Nowell talking about the benefits of phasing in a BYOD program
Saturday edit fun.
Thank you! You always put a smile on my face.
Who watches hockey?
If you went sumbody and ain't never had a real argument with each other y'all lien to each other
stop at Monty's after the fishing Tournament & wear your Life Vest to support
Many asked about terms. DIRECTV already pays Versus more than any independent distributor and yet Comcast seeks a 20%+ hike on that rate
Arizona Senate wants to make it legal for doctors to lie to women when it comes to abortion? What year are we living in?
the summer is mine
I'm sure ill look back on my problems as a teenager and laugh because of how dramatic I was and how horrible I thought life was.. Lol
BEA Bloggers Attendee Spotlight: Sassymonkey Reads (Karen Ballum)
my human is from fort fun too.
If I never texted first, we'd probably never talk
Congrats to all warriors of Battledecks! You all did great :)
Anyone out there with experience with that? Shouldn't psychology work on teacher contract be equivalent? I know others have done this.
It's amazing how if you don't like someone, EVERYTHING they do annoys you.
okay, I think this day is enough. it is time I go to bed. . . Bye all
I can't deal wit you tonight lol
A sort of anxiety that distracts our mind resides in between expectancies and frustrations.
RT : Best pt made: If a 96-yr-old company like can embrace social media, YOUR company can!
cheater! Besides I'm playing for the senior foresomes team that day
Not really sure how you can give an error to Hudson or Alonso there. Tough play on both ends. #brewers v
@@@ uuuuuuuuuuhhhh so kinda bored but on twitter holla
7812 St.Charles
aww homeslice, already plotting. I want a jam session, your decks and my funk engine.
o0o0o0o00o0o0o0 sounds nice send me a picture when your done! =)
i accidently rted the wrong tweet so sorry. /:
#FF Great artists to follow. Warm wishes for your weekend!!
Mine would freeze when trying to create a hex grid using mmqgis in NAD83, but not google mercator
Will Metro PCS ever get the iPhone?
Stop now make that mother fucker hammer time
Sure m hi
Everyone is getting so furious recently. It's very strange.
RT : S2) Too much focus on Comp leads to "me too" products aka Detroit.
i've been appreciating your clouds, too :-)
+2 RT : +1 MT : Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle.
There is only two women on here that really makes me happy i love those bitches there my life i love u ladies
Succeed one day at a time, and you can have success for a lifetime...
Highs And Lows
I'm at home but there's still work to do...
So happy to be at to check out !
christmas eve and christmas. And the jan 6th for the weekend.
I wonder how many lies you told me.
please follow me! i just cant stand knowing u follow other ppl and not me. Please follow, i need 2 meet you
God created cannabis, man created alcohol...who do you trust?
Make money money
Stock options: Currently bullish on Salesforce.com (CRM) and bearish in Garmin (GRMN). Garmin headed down to 25...
Thanks for the link today!
Pantyhose in the library elevator...okay
we should try to recreate a dish or 2.
Call me crazy but, I'm still bummed about last night's loss!
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
It's almost impossbile to be a zealous pragmatist.
Suzanne Collins, thank you. Thanks for believing in Josh at his audition. You helped him get the role of a lifetime. All that he deserves.
oh anytime (:
fear the roo
i love when i fix a pot roast and our dog just starts licking everything in the house.
Legacy Jazz Quintet, featuring JSL's own Phil Dunlap, will perform music of Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers, Fri-Sat, at Jazz at the Bistro
Yeah, I can't blame you. I had to move all my stuff out of my room in this nonsense ):
I rock the spot like im half leopard
So tired of being discriminated against because I carry these ham sandwiches on me at all times
Half Italian my self. Depending on the family I'm talking to that day, it's my better half ; )
Told me i wasnt good enough
#JelenaFact Sometimes Selena and Alfredo speak Spanish just to annoy Justin
Good morning del I hope you have a day
oh just put me on front street loll
Thanks for a thrilling Pitchapalooza last night! Looking forward to working with you.
ah fuck everything.
I should become an actress
Whitley and Dwayne are my favorite TV couple ever. Thee cutest.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I'M A BIGG FAN!LOVE YOU!
I need a darn gift.
yeah, so are u gonna do it? I want it to be a surprise though...
If FKi came to San Antonio and performed, I'd probably shit myself. We need a GOOD concert
I would let fart in my mouth.
Maybe it's a Rachel-trap. It's certainly baited correctly.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Fatal Attraction.
Evening everyone! I hope you guys enjoyed your weekend! What was everyone up to? Anything fun?
You couldn't walk a mile in these Jordan number tens
Did you party like it was 1999?
What is the etiquette for running into the people you slept with at the LAST annual conference? Awkward!
Way to go Tampa Bay Lightning. 5-3
I only started reading Butler in February! It's a shame I didn't know about her earlier, and it's a tragedy there aren't more books by her.
Dang I'm tired. Been gettin some shit done today.
haha wow O__O well not all of them :p
I'm Outside Burning TF Up
"Heh, that's pretty funny! I'm going to follow Weed Tweets, for regular weed-related humor in my inbox" - who does this
#blackpeoplelaws:when driving and a #police get behind u,dont look back,
its crazytown. I went at 830am yesterday and got the last of the average sizes
C u 2mrw!
Jordan says efforts by the district to keep documents secret were based on objections by the U.S. Dept of Ed
The Pae White installation at the Fabric Workhop and Museum is delightful & right across the street from
I still don't. Lol ": AT THE AGE OF 21 I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THE MATRIX"
can't talk now I'm busy
#20ThingsAboutMe I can be a very patient person, but don't Piss me off.
Today is your last chance to join the feeding frenzy. Come up with an angle that will tie into the big Valentine's Day.
STREAK across STREETS naked to the World...that you have all the HAPPY WITHIN....SPIN IT!!!!....DOn't TRIM IT...
Pretty sure you got hacked. Change password and revoke access to unfamiliar apps.
The male definition of L-O-V-E … Life’s Often Very Expensive
Then we agree! ;)
I like using something to manage them still. Makes it easier to troubleshoot when something goes all corrupt or other things.
One person's oversight (tossing Pat Benatar LPs!!?!) equals my opportunity--at the Fairview Park Library Book Sale. Fill a bag for $3!
My horniness will get the better of me today. Watch out Honolulu, I'm on the prowl to get bred today.
I'm not positive about that however there is talk from other reporters up here that that totally agree with you.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 47
It's going to be a party for sure, all of us in are stoked to be part of it!
I know right? Really detailed design and classy type all the way through. Did you guys do it?
congrats on finishing your play. Watched Blood Tree yesterday morning. Cool play even though it gave me nightmares (I'm a sissy)
“: A great man can bend & stretch. -Chinese Proverb”
my mom just wished me a happy mother's day
I literally have no idea what that means.
How many in your group? We are looking forward to serving you :)
haha. i'm happy to assist. just add some audio clips of mantras to the beginning of each module and we should be good 2 go.
Happy hour-Memphis P-Tails & free taco bar 5-8. DJ 12-Tribe spinning hip-hop & top 40 9-close. Big Boy broadcasting from 10-12 @ ONE UP!!
Agreed! RT : Here hit it out of the park w their ' Idle Hands' DIPA. Perfectly crisp.
for the very useful info on amazon for authors . Just printed your instructions out/ will use to edit my author page.
Oh hey neighbor----I wanna know what you do!
Only for a minute....That one was too good not to share.
No more ctrl alt delete for future #Windows ? The end of an era
Haha. :) But yep! Totally stoked.
RT : "Don't learn the tricks of the trade - learn the trade." Anonymous
Go Pats! Go Pats! #it'sthatkindofparty :D
GM! #Motivation: “Everyone faces challenges in life. It’s a matter of how you learn to overcome them and using them to your advantage.”
Looking forward to your show at the Cactus Club on Saturday. Milwaukee always welcomes you. Played some great shows here.
RT : You know what time it is: S.I.N. Sunday at Screaming Tuna.
eating a honeycrisp the size of my head!
- Why Are You Mentioning Yourself #Dummy -,-
we need to explain to congress that we need more wealth in the economy and hemp is the answer. plus the gv. would have control anyway.
The wait is over! The McRib is back, but only for a limited time so hurry in before it is too late!
I mean the fact that I might be singing with one of the greatest voices ever one of the greatest songs of christmas ever......
is insight & compassion in one package. A coach to help you create a winning team.
thanks! Wish you were here
Trying to get attention on the internet is like walking out into traffic with a megaphone.
trending on twitter, today is both #FacebookFriday and #HappyHaitianFlagDay ... hm #irony?
That would be BUILDING MUSEUMS. (A mechanical dinosaur bumped me on that last tweet...)
As shady as that is, I don't feel for anyone who was silly enough to just mail off a bag of gold.
Hey, I am at Daytona and have not seen you on here? Are you still doing the same thing? Hope you are doing fine!
Ever go to a show and feel like you're the only one dancing? I don't care. I'm having a great time.
Sorry we didn't connect at #NTCSFParty. Hope to see you at #12NTC proper!
To all, we need your support to.spread the word then come out to EVERCLEAR AT dobbs Wed night 7pm, Reminder, Artist VIP cards do not apply.
The Drew Petterson movie is amazing with KaleyCouco<3
can you follow me. ;)
hm... so I'm guessing we are going to hear a bit about this "homeless hotspots" thing BBH is doing. seems poor taste to me.
Is it weird to have an anti gang conference in the WI Dells?
Calkain Companies Hires Florida Net Lease Specialist
hey I loved tonights episode it was awesome can't wait till next jersday love you. Can I get a RT plz
I need a lot of therapy after watching The Penguin Flyer game today. S##t!
Who's riding in #beerbike tonight? Ride in our urban bike race on 4/3 too!
amazing, isn't it?
They are. They insist it's cool that I go tonight. Probably won't stay long. Will be nice to see everyone again.
Lol... Lowkey it was her decision to make anyway
I no lol where yu stay at again :-)
Me im not no choosah, That bitch rite there dirtier then ah sewah, 65th mob
Literally can't deal with the fact Mariano Rivera may never pitch ever again :(((( is this april fools
Check on it: it's Spring Equinox. Happy Equinox from both of us!
and myself are the biggest #wings geeks! I really do not know anyone else obsessed with that show
My wife is only two pages in, , and already loves it. I may need two copies if I want to read it any time soon.
Check out Mickey's Tavern tonight for the Golden Girls Happy hour
Didn't reach my goal of making it across the room to meet you face to face tonight. But I did enjoy your presentation!
hello world
Interesting semantic notion: IU's use of 'preservation transfer' instead of 'digitzation' to articulate goal of their a/v pres. prog
very unhappy to have to pay $19.99 and another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty + which does not work.
I can't wait till me and are in DC so we can FINALLY go get 's daily secret flavor
Hey Groundhog Day Special ! Buy your morning coffee & get FREE refills ALL DAY with receipt from first cup!
somewhere between "so" and "so so"
early turnovers hurt them
There are #Fiat bets and then there are #Benz bets,going to make a #Benz bet in #Soccer #Futbol today get on the list
Not on my timeline. It's all basketball. Period.
tried Colton on American idol :(
valentines couples cooking class, february 14
Thx to great words of wisdom and motivation!!
is gathering at the laney college quad for come say hello! Support #highered!
tryin to get the kids asleep so santa can come what about u
A huge THANK YOU to , & #Cuts4aCause is going to be great!
They could trade for him with cap room and not have to match salary
Climbing the duomo and soaking up as much Italian as I can in my last few hours here.
Congrats #Caps!! Maybe next time we can have a regulation win? Please???
Don't make somebody a priority If they only make you an option
#newarrivals A sea of markdowns taken in womens apparel this morning! Over 40 fixtures of clearance in womens. Get over here!
Grrrr. I'm freaking ready for the weekend!
FREE SHOW!!! Tomorrow at Tipitina's Uptown.
Only Braun could underwhelm you by crushing an RBI 3B to put the game on ice. Props to Rickie for going 0-fer but scoring 2 runs!
RT Disney channel will never be the same
silly me. my bulls would never let me down.
This weather is amazing<3
something witty and retweetable.
Election day is Nov. 3. Have you voted yet? Tweet Out The Vote! #totv #seattle #seamayor ^jh
It will be Notre Dame practice when Harrison Smith works to show his coverage/playmaking vs. John Carlson, Kyle Rudolph
So glad to hear it! Today is #4sqDay if you want to swing by and earn another badge :)
congrats! I'm glad :) enjoy Trainer Time
O: Oli is my hero D:
its awesome, and getting better with every book :-) thank you!
The next person who shows up at my house this late unannounced again is getting shot with this here 9.
Amazing insights from Mick's talk "Culture Eats Innovation for Lunch!"
Woo!! #gopats! Let's show newyork what we are made of! ;D
I don't know why I can't be beautiful like her . Have every guys heart . Doing whatever she wants , and no one will ever say a thing . Why .
You can DM me if you want to!♥
Holy TALEDO! I love your new single! <3
thanks! I am going to taking the Compton PESL program in June! I'm just getting started :) any tips?
i dont know u got a google acount?
It's not John DesRivieres. He's on our team, but not a meteorologist/anchor. John is quite upset and understandably so.
Gworl. You Gave Me A Heartattack. I Was Ready To Cut Bitches Yesterday.
2hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
Normal and ill be able to move it right ?
“Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.” ~Martha Graham~
S'all good. I figured you got caught up! RT : I haven't forgotten. Things got hectic. Back on it.
Lmao , I bet you won't catch the hands tho xD
Well then. It looks like today is going to be a fire drill kind of day.
sorry bro had court lol
Shoutout to for coming to wrestling and it the best he could.
Snow. Homemade Burgers. Online Shopping.
"alabama, arkansas i do love my mom and pa; not the way that i do love you"
it's going to be a great event!
There's a dude walking around the Hockey East semis in a Duke jersey. At a hockey game. Between BU and Maine. In Boston.
welcome to twitter
Socks and post-it notes :/ RT : i think my room eats socks and wife beaters...
All you spineless people; go ahead and smoke the real problems away all you doing is leaving them for your young to parish under.
Good luck with that. Our generation grew up on the shiny slick promise of the future from 80's movies.
If you are not willing to promote yourself, how do you expect others to promote you.
I'm voting for All Time Low on Q102 Takeover and I don't even live in Philly!
: morning ladies
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Originality Don't Mean Shit Any More.
(Theirs, not mine)
Anyone made it to the pool yet this hot pseudosummer? Don't forget the floaties!
Me and my sis getting pedicures before a long day and night back in the studio!!
Hey no problem :P
thank you(: <3
oh no! I like it! It just makes me laugh! Just both of our faces! Hahahah hilarious
where u work
I need to stop being such a downer right now
music is a reflection, or rejection of self. a way to re-inforce the way you feel or rebel against it.
DEAR EVERYONE: NO ONE IS POSTING HORRIBLE RUMORS ABOUT YOU AT SOME BIT.LY LINK. THANK YOU.
y do think bruno mars has never seen JERSEY SHORE
I might be able to watch the flyers game today I hope
When Sam does in I Am Legend <
Got my tickets!
Thank you so much for the great RT!!!
People never wanna go straight to the source when they have an issue. Just stupid games
Do you have an opinion about Zoom H1 audio recorders? I'm looking for a modestly priced recorder.
. I do love - keeps me from inundating followers, lets me schedule tweets so my travels don't stop useful info flow
1/27/1756->C. Lewis:Your Courage[was]always equal to my wishes:But I dreaded the effects of liquor esp as it bereft you of prudent reasoning
you get the email?
Lol jk I'm weak as fuck. I can't even bench the bar
Driving home!
Next time someone says "Just Breathe" I'm holding my breath till I pass out, bet that will fix them.
Sponsor Sen. Evie Hudak pushing back against King amdmt to discipline bill.
Shopper in LA Wal-Mart last night pepper-spraying other shoppers who were getting deals she wanted... Lol! An idiot among idiots...
yaayy(: miss you!
don't be lol
WANT MORE FOLLOWERS? GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK
RT The sooner we get to 6,000 followers, the sooner someone gets an iPad!!! Tell all your friends! Follow and tweet #EZLawPad!
I've been 3 x already Brisket and ribs are yummy!
Cucina urbana burrata, mussels, amazing, servers savvy on dishes, decor sublime
What are your New Year's Resolutions?
on the jazz trip? We have about 25 students and 10 parent volunteers
All y'all seeing the FF5 show have fun tonight, and make sure to wish SGA a super happy birthday! Maybe y'all could sing happy birthday!
Cuddle seshh w/ babe? I'm widd it. :*
that's crazy ha
What a difference bike tires with the right amount of air makes when you ride.
The Indian in the Cupboard is on #HBO If you need me, I will be reliving my childhood. Thank you.
Going out with the crew tonight! Its gonna be a good one! Hope everyone has a great night,
Thank you so much!
thanks for the mention.
gettin straight cash
call me so we three way ! Its 4705985
Finally got me some red velvet cake yogurt 🍰
is having a show, at bananna's today!! Follower's come support!! Its going to be a blast!
So full of #orioles induced excitement that it's getting hard to maintain my early season cynicism!! How about Chris Davis!!
ok - just as long as there's no barstool or Greyhound Bus in his future - but in all honesty - sorta looks like a durn fool.
My brother makes me wanna kill myself. Go away.
I missed mardi gras damn it! Boo
Happy mothers day mom!!!
I can't tell from this what 'deploying' an app does. Does CfA host it? Is it a fork of an app?
listening to music off my ipod
sounds like a great plan! See you at the market soon.
Real men respect Bieber.
that just means another hour of tailgating!
#EBUS118 Welcome to class. I started with #EBUS118 for trending - Do it with all your tweets too! Click #EBUS118 to see class Tweets.
"tweets and tacos" will carry flan and churros to avoid any confusion
Compass project. Boats and hoes.
Bikram yoga is never boring- as our teacher said-- the poses are the same-- we are the ones continually changing -our bodies, our life, all
“: "what would you want to marry me for anyhow?" "so I can kiss you whenever I want." - Sweet Home Alabama #favoritemovie 😍❤”
:D Glad you liked it! Nighty! :) <3
No doubt! I need to make more room in my budget.
would love to! but i'm out of town, but I'll b on the lookout for the next! keep up the good work!
Way to bring it back around in the end, Glee. But of course I think that the series of failures is the good stuff.
