It looks like a beautiful day to be at #CentralPark today. But it's so darn c-c-cold out!
Don't worry, we should have Vanilla Porter back on tap by Wednesday! Fall's here: time to drink porters, oktoberfests, browns...
I thought you were going to the PJ concert
Those moments when your in such a happy mood and you cant stop smiling :D
#givemeabreak I jus got home from school!
Monday Funday! Can't wait to get down on some free food and another crappy 80's movie. I think those two things should get married.
At Francis Scott Key Elem/Middle to celebrate 10 years of NFTE's work in entrepreneurship edu in South Baltimore.
I'm fucked up
TCAS.3 HOURS.Yes!!<3 Good luck EVERYONE who was nominated. I just really hope and win.They deserve it!
Sad: the realization that you are too old to handle the crowded bars. At 7:00 pm.
Why is youtube going to delete the baby video ?
Each day is a gift, not a given right.
why do people make their profile pictures on twitter of other people?
Better watch out cuz I'm going on a following supree
Like and in their fights. I really like Josh Thomson but I have to wonder if he's 100%. Close fight.
#IfItWasUpToMe Life would be Naked
No empirical evidence offered. When was the last time an effete New Englander ran away with the SC GOP primary?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-35
Lmfao!! I get it:p RT : Eric's right arm is bigger than his left!.. E hahaha!
Does anyone have a fogger/smoke machine for sale?
don't think so... I don't see any shortcuts for that in the settings files
Über-Hipster Meta-Pumpkin only shops for Halloween costumes on Amazon UK. It's not European, it's NORTHERN European.
I love new york so much. can i move here?? Its amazing! ~Devin.Anne<3
follow back please :)
Everybody go follow he is an Amazingg singerr! And he deserves to get to 1000 followers! 💟
Wishing my friends the best of times this summer, you will be missed. I'll hold down BG for y'all. :)
I always feel uncomfortable going topless when I'm getting a spray tan.
Good morning. No hurry, just trying to figure out how some people can be allowed on the roads.
Now testifying: Acting Dir of Ofc of Safe and Healthy Students Dave Esquith.
Posting under pen name more than here. Need to make more of an effort.
Hate and Me, that's an Odd Couple
- It was hilarious. Stumbled upon this last night. People dancing w/o a care in the world. Music blaring. Good for those folks.
It's a pretty big deal... At least in my mind.
Me myself and i
every week
I think Newt decided on 'cheerful' because it's his safe word.
Twisted Shamrock. Fundraiser. Won a basket! Fingers crossd 4 the Sox tickets :)
#DBUalum, did you play a sport while you were a student? Tell us about it!
cool story bro!! Haha (:
they should sell pat's hair on ebay.
some people like to start shit
a lot to study lately :(
At for Penn Brew U! Marzen is back! Always nice to have a pint before noon! Bonus: listening to chat about lagers!
if you loved Erik Benson at Edward Tyler Nahem, don't miss his prints on ArtStar & at the affordable art fair! They're flying out the door..
L train's fucked. Routing detour to maximize time/ability to read The Sugar Frosted Nutsack.
I propose Mother's Month in lieu of Mother's Day. Nine months of growing a baby earns you at least that, right?
Thank you, for the exquisite Little Red print. It's just stunning.
“: Don't be content with average....average is just as close to the bottom as it is the top”
Every time I see Martin Sheen in something I am beyond impressed. Just watched the way and I am still floored by his performance.
Stay tuned for the website video of the fall 2011 djembe percussion corps crew in Oct: 55 teens & only 30 spots.
All your tweets are belong to us. RT : These are not the tweets you're looking for.
Stephen Anderson to meet with Austin officials: "At a later date"
Super rude! Hate rudeness.
listening to music!! Falling asleep
Offshore wind works for marylanders and our future!
Twitter your ways elude me. Why is Glenn Close trending right now?
only one?
Aha! Someone asked me to marry him today... How cute! Typical day at #DitchFriday. LoL!
We will also have tickets for the show on Friday at Polaris mall today from 7:30-8:30pm in front of Sbarro.
Fear is a demon that haunts us. We have to face it rather than run away from it.
Go To Hell D.j. ! I Hate Meek Mill !
Oh no! It's so cold. Not cold and rainy, please.
That's ok! Music makes us rich, life makes us rich. We may not b where we wanna b, but thank God we're not what we used 2 b.
Dammiiiiit spilled coffee on my Astros Jersey.... Havent spilled anything on me all week I knew this streak wasn't gonna last long
yo..everyone who listed to the show..and the people who followed us...I appreciate the love
With each cycle of struggle we go thru,we get a little closer2solving the riddle of our life. Just hard2see that thru the merkiness of life!
I just checked in at Richmond, CA using the Amtrak mobile application
We played the lego creationary game last night and it was crazy fun.
And who would have thought a movie about Facebook could possibly be #1 at the box office three straight weeks!!!
Happy to wrap up a really intense week. I think I'm going to get naked and masturbate in the streets to let off some steam.
thank you Tamara! ;-)
Can't wait for today to be over! All Yankees, all weekend! Kissimmee & Miami...can't wait! Monday off to recoup :)
Hubris is rampant.
nice! yeah, i'm not so sure about the goto. this is a meetup after all. might be cool todo a goto "meetup" in the future tho
I love my Mac. Just sayin' :D Good luck - that sounds like a really annoying issue
Does anyone know what room and building we are in for tonight's class?
Damn....those autopsy results for Whitney tho...yikes!
Good night. xx
My election is today. Can you give a guy some help and remind Austinites to vote for Kris Bailey! Thanks man!
you need to come peform in maine!!
My super power is to slap people upside the head when they need it most. No need to thank me. Just doing my job.
Lmao One Of Things Hurt
I need that triumphant pig book immediately.
Benny Benassi TIX $25 in hand right how at SUEDE if you want them I got them 602.348.1722 almost sold out so call right now or text. Thank u
Sorting out & organizing the people I follow...looks like it's going to take a while...a multi-day project...at least i have lil scrappy :)
Bought a new book "The Love Dare" 40 Days to become a better spouse. I think us guys need all the help we can get.lol
#SantaClausBroughtMe a #BBGun for #Christmas when I was 10.. My #Parents had to get me the #GlassEye though..
Hope you elect to VOTE. Thankful, we, as American's CAN.
The Galactic Senate suspected cheating when the clones score identically on their standardized tests.
Why can't I say "boobies" with a straight face but "bubbies" is perfectly fine?
Question for the ladies. When are you going to start wearing body suits again?
U turn ur cellphone off while sitting in the far back while pilots turn their iPads on while sitting in the cockpit.
you need some good ol fashioned chicken soup
I hate texting people first: I feel awkward, annoying, and unwanted.
What are we reading here at Allerent? "Viral Loop" by Adam Penenberg. Check it out and let us know what you think!
I think the pre-roll 10 second commercials in YouTube videos are effecive. They really get your attention while you wait for your video.
I am all for the Bucks trading Brandon Jennings-but if we get Pao in the trade, I vow to never cheer for the Bucks again!
yes we are. And we never get sick of hearing it. (Or of being right, but that's another story)
Sorry it's called American Stuffers...too busy bawling my eyes out
you will see this, but just not rt right?
is now featured as "new & noteworthy" and "staff picks" on the #Itunes store! Let's celebrate with a download!
Cool were playing at the door in dallas with chiodos oh sleeper falling in reverse attack attack and more you should go :)
As a die-hard, right or wrong, win or lose Lakers fan, we expect you to say that. But Kobe's impact & numbers aren't the same.
All start up business's will take a little time to build clientele but you must keep working!
Yes, sounds like you are having a good time! Now Colin is living there too!
It's raining here! And, spending the day with my mom(: Reply to me on Kik. Please? It's important.
Heard about a diet that consists of 30 mins of exercise and only 300 calories a day. Ladies, please don't ever do this. That's not beauty :/
Heading to #SXSW this year? Then please check out Full sound design & mix done by the Monkeys of
Have you been to iBar for wings yet? If not, we're so going for wings & beer! Only wings I'll eat in this city.
MY dudes out here single and slanging dingalang to all the ladies, do yourself a favor and #wrapitup! Having a baby momma aint fun!
anytime girlfriend c;
What happens when you get a tricycle, a monkey, and a bottle of lighter fluid?
Fake people <<<<
Interesting point. Does a learner know when he/she is learning?
i was there when you said forever and always...you didn't mean it baby.
thx, bunny knuckles! I might try to call and organize a Thursday night appt in 2 weeks…
it's so annoying! so I have to correct people!
Happy happy Friday twitter followers! What are the weekend plans?
me too, Matt kemp is going 0-3
Where do you like to golf in the winter months?
Thank YOU for an amazing Holiday Red Carpet Bash! Pictures from the Red Carpet, Joan, and more to come...
Hoping all of you are surrounded by love tonight ...and everyday.
Ceiling exploded and it started to pour...3E overran their tub. Not a home unless it's raining stanky water...
haters are my motivators
doors open at 6pm!!!
Birmingham: discussion boards most popular in online classes, narrated Power Points & audio captured lecture are growing in popularity
Swamp ass.
Love is defined by action, not feelings. Feelings may accompany the love. Without the foundation of commitment feelings & passion will fade
Haha nice job bringing back chick in the store from season 1 Ah LOL
Yeesh. If Ibaka's hitting mid-range jumpers, this Thunder team can seriously take out the Spurs.
Me too, but my sense of relief is epic.
Real Talk " A rainout would be ideal for the #Orioles tonight, would it not?"
You're awesome. Thanks for the RT!
Congratulations team!
ugh. I do NOT like the new twitter. damn it.
Both the Volkswagen club of Milwaukee and the Milwaukee Model T Club will be featured in the parade on Saturday of German Fest!
Thank You for voting us Best International Cuisine in 's Best of the Holidays 2011!
Its weird sitting in a meeting, watching your useful skills become obsolete.
Thanks for following, Rachel!
It is the passion that is in a kiss that gives to it its sweetness; it is the affection in a kiss that sanctifies it. ~CB
Yes! Ehmagawd, they def. need the Fashion Police.
Merry christmas n Angels
Great meeting today! Thank you all!
Great dinner last night with friends...Teaching today and waiting to hear on a couple of films...
At least they don't have to play Wigan anymore.
Ya that's right ill still knock on my friends door and ask if they can play
he was in like the second row by the row. Black shirt. Lol
had a great time at first Friday in Largo. what a great pirate invasion!
Been sitting here doing absolutely NOTHING, since 5 :/
Horse country?
About to hop in the shower again haha 👍🛀
I like wake and baking even though I was still baked from the night before. Haha
Just finished day 2 of "Plyocide". Holy hell I have literally never worked that hard in my entire life. Already hurting
Rain has come out in #mortalkombat Everyone be afraid!
just kidding me wuv you
I couldn't agree more!
my thoughts exactly! Best hosts ever!!!!! “: Thanks for everyone who stopped by our booth at SDCC, we will see you soon!!!”
great to be together here too! Xo
just had an amazing rehearsal with my background vocalists!! I swear they have the voices of Angels. You will weep.
Avengers was a badass movie!!
haven't been up in the chopper yet!
Yeah huh.
Haha! I wish. but I should stay in w/Miles tonight. Can't wait for Friday -- I'll get the full summary of the event then! :)
So you like me but your not gonna talk to me ? Cool .
Now the only thing I feel inside my chest is all this regret. I never should have let you go, but I let you go.
Creepy, yes. As a retired certified fraud examiner interested in language uses & abuses, this is intriguing.
Not very nice of California to keep that important info to themselves.
You should see him feast...he's like a mantis. #It'sAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia
Thanks for the follow !!!!!
If its all night long then Im ur man. First, Ill suck ur titties
BREAKING: RT : It is now considered acceptable to end a sentence with a preposition.
haha legit. Whats new with you dude? I think im gonna be in LA soon!
I'm writing my review now and thought you might like the film. I loved it!
FYI. Bron only at 70% free throw shooter same w/ d. Wade. Can't be to shocked when they miss
definitely!!! They will be bffs
Robin, did you get my email about the Data Assessment Instrument you used? (Maybe I had the wrong email addy)
I'll get the imperial pizza
I didn't! It was this past Friday. So late notice. I didn't even know it was that Friday :/
Damn I step on a nail today, it did not feel good
I have this issue, that where I like to write can very from the house, office, coffee shop, or just a roadside stop.
The web and video conferencing services will help them to deliver the message confidentially and also quickly.
The only way the US sees anything close to $2 gas is if oil speculation is illegal. Name a GOP candidate that signs up for that?
message was sent in error via campus alert system. Explanation is forthcoming. WHEW
i was geekin n the supervisor black n he cute u can tell he young (; but i cant go doe.bt i notice wen u single im in a relationship
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  31
It is Small Business Saturday, are you shopping local today?
IMLS director Susan Hildreth talking equitable access at #webwise. OHMS interface will do that for #oralhistory for free!
Got sucked into seeing scream 4.. w and Mel.
oh yes! Those are amazing!
Went to screening tonight of God Bless America. Great movie, loved it. Bobcat was there, dude is hilarious.
Um, think Andrew Luck can buy a new cell phone now??
You still want the foams?
(Con't) Church, school, gym. As long as it's legit, we're willing to negotiate.
My Soulmate,The Moon: Science of the Vampire on iTunes
but you touch one everyday? I do got a point there don't I?
Hat trick Staal
It's 6 here...but 8 there!!
New twitter sucks!
Today is the first day of my performance internship at Redmoon Theater! Pretty hyped!
Q3 a pound of beef for each guest!
Hey want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find today??! Tweet at me.
Today is beautiful! How is everyone today?
A big bit x
but he didn't!!!! Go Giants
yyeaah! they'll probably have some too!
no doubt G y'all had a good time chilling, cuz thats my celly haha M O B with that NO KUTT pearl off the brick
Aw yeah but last year has been a while lol
no, but you could probably drink a bloody mary
can I enroll my child for chapter 220 online.
Just bought my first scratch ticket ever. Better win enough money to buy a movie quality chewie mask.
Went to events center where they usually hold bigger poker tourneys. The crowd seemed old. I start to register then find out it's bingo.
What special offers do you have? I stayed here a week last week, & looking at 5 days this one... (University HW in Durham)
Holy crap. Just tuned into Miami-NY Knicks. Are we sure the Knicks have 47 points and that number isn't inverted.
Happy Holidays! Tune in and watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective today at Noon.
And then it gets thrown in the trash ;)
;-). Oh, OK. I'll be patient. It's like cliffhanger. Are pics you've shared with iPhone 4 (or u still on 3G like me). Look great!
Taylor swift is making songs about my life, i'm pretty sure.
I always feel like I'm tempting #fate when I change the seat assigned to me... my soul mate could have been seated in 21D
Watching Brian Williams special. No disrespect intended, but Lieberman and McCain just seem so out of touch, non factors. Sorry.
You know oddly enough I thought of you today while on the farm.
Neon panties on tan skin >>>>>
I miss having someone to talk to
Wiped. Bedtime. Goodnight.
april 28 BEST DAY IN EARTH jk :)
you should have it now (:
Doing well! Busy day at the office per usual.
#YouShouldntEver question the good things in life, cause you'll never no how good they actually were till they slip right under you.
..Dead Hooker In A Trunk currently playing on the Sundance Channel!!
Viana > Martins, at least for me. =/
Come on out to fish city, Preston/Royal for a little fat tuesday celebrating. We'll be there, 6:00-10:00
All I want is broccoli cheddar soup in a bread bowl. Preferably delivered.
Will catch Lucinda Williams at House of Blues on 3/9. She played the Orpheum a few years back and was absolutely kickin'!
Jade...Can we change Philthadelphia to BBQadelphia!
- idea for Dear Taiwan Part 2 - capture footage of the discussions post screenings in various cities/countries
Next Thursday night the dead walk!!
With ea 4-5 star rating for SKID OUT, I feel a little more anxious about - its release will be here b4 I know it. *faints*
what are everyones top 3 suggestions they would tell a beginner just strarting out in day trading???
on a mission not to let it happen!!!
He is only going for 3 months(: At least thats what i heard IT BETTER BE TRUE OMG
your video on YouTube with your grandma put me in a good mood:) just saying and you are super cute :)
Hayden hates bacon? This... this calls for reflection.
Here's a silly question for other students: Do you print articles to bring to class or just pull them up on your computer?
thanks man !!!! U want peyton or what lol
hey how you be girrrrrr hey send me a message how I change my back drop???
I was leaning towards duplicates of bourne penises. but that works too lol.
Photography tip I shared today while teaching at Univ of Notre Dame of MD. You can #photograph subjects with their back to the sun.
#TwSIG Hashtag overload is not good twittering. Every word cannot be a tagged word: must read and not "choppy" . have to understand it!
i heard somewhere that chad's best friend was black... oh wait i heard it from chad. like 30 times.
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 9. Find the best staff.
#Notnopunks u rock Chris brown Note-nice material!
#np Springsteen. Maybe we underrated the album
Great game w/ a great ending. Hope u enjoyed ur first bowl game! :) Go Stanford!! RT : Hanging out with ! :D
go for Kosama (:
Can yu please follow and let her know that i sent yu!! thankss so much xo
Finishing a race can give you the passion you need to make exercise a lifestyle.
probably the only team that won't make it to the playoffs to even lose a game
Up late , up early ! #hardwrk. Is what we showin ! ABM. A way of life ! Now let get it !
Blake Wheeler is a god! We are lucky to witness his glory this evening.
don't give up!
it's the haircut I got. I don't think that I do but, my friends do.
Just keep laughin, just laughin, what do we do, we laugh, laugh, laugh
Don't forget- Marshalls @ Town Brookhaven Grand Opening Today! Check it out.
You. Me.
The #1 reason to shop Cyber Monday... No pepper spray. Shop mobile early and often.
Personalized Diaper Bags: Bibbity Rinse &amp; Roll Bib 2-Pack - Green ...
you have a certain level of stardom yourself RT : BuildingMoxie Only know via B.Moxie post fame! :)
#strength and #perseverance = #determination!
sorry, we had issues with our email and phones! We will return the call! :)
I'm watching The Voice. You remind me Cee-Lo
Congratulations to you guys!
Unreliable people piss me off
This. RT : If train travel is supposed to be affordable, why does it cost $200 to go from BWI to NYC?
Side and still live with her at 21 and act like she's ur wife is just creepy
R.I.P Whitney
T.U.G AKA Shoot Out Gang NiGga
Have you decided about playing over seas?
If you can appreciate my nerdy side, we can vibe together.
Cutting all my hair off after work...and getting cold feet. Eek!
So happy. Tried something new and nail it. Stop by the Long Beach #farmersmarket tomorrow & find out.
They r so hot!!!! I love u guys! Go One Direction!!!
haha! Well I'm glad at least someone got to enjoy the brownies! Major #fail leaving those at your office!
This lawsuit does not refute the public school status of charter schools, it asks abt. firing practices.
John Frusciante's solo stuff is very good... Very good indeed.
Why did you get suspended from your fan account?x
Filling out paperwork and dreaming of CXC-ing.
was hoping the clips would win tonight because I thought series would start earlier, now I hope they lose!
If I wish you luck, and you win, does that mean I get the other #Timbers ticket? Hahahhaha
I JUST GOT A TWEET LIMIT. FML
I'm at the SPN sharing culture event . Boring
i like see you doing boxing bahaha, i love u so much<3
I can be funny as shit at times...
I just e-mailed you
ha! You can have my half if you'd like...geeZe
If someone broke out into a song randomly like they do on musicals, i'd join them.
Sapong is SO good at absolutely hassling the defenders.
If you have less than you started with it means you lost. In this case you lost 2 Spin it
National Lab Day is at the #NCTM Conference in San Diego! Come visit us at booth 2046!
Typical! I get another chance to hang out with that sexy guy and my truck is getting fixed! WTF! This guy is hot as hell. My luck sux!
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
My favorite gym snack? Baja chick taco, 14 grams of protein, less than 200 cals.
Call us to find out how you can get FREE CROWN MOULDING installed into your home. At Mr.D's painting " we love to paint " 619-562-5848
parents are x'd should be a great fucking weekend
Happy 2 announce our Modernist Versions Project w/ and Susan Schreibman got generous funding by
The world is a university & everyone is a teacher.When u get up make sure u go to school
Music video today!
WGN’s Suppelsa steps aside for alcohol rehab
What does it say about me that I'm following more ppl than follow me?
oh right! I will. I am on the wrong computer again but PROMISE, I will soon
Collide with the sky.
baked chicken asparagus mashed potatoes and gravy
Cold nights are perfect for stop motion making!
At #vperal on team #vpearl6 working to use VR worlds for historical scenario evaluation for learning platforms
Some of my favorite players in the #draft: K. Cousins, L. James, Isaiah Pead, A.J. Jenkins, Eric Page, Mychal Kendricks, Trumaine Johnson
ahaha i think this account was linked to my myspace a couple years ago
I'm great. You?
Good morning! The dawn of a new day! Happy Tuesday!! :)
#IfYouCheatOnMe we cant be friend
Thanks for the RT of 's tweet - good stuff!
the fans crashed 's system. Down all day.
Check that. I hated Gholston at MSU. I just rooted against Worthy because he wore Green and White. Glad to have him in Green and Gold.
thanks..well u shouldn't be so silent all the time be saying hi once in a while
Morning hospital tour of the baby wing & afternoon house hunting with and now motorcycle ride with Adam on this perfect day!
Its only fitting our Government Affairs Committee is meeting during NATO week, right?!
ahh how dare you. I miss Lins..I won't even get started on HDS.
RT : China prepares to dump Dollar. Media puppets continue to pull wool over the eyes of American sheeple.
they are messing up real bad!!! Can't even play... TreyArch SUCKS!!!
yes was packed, the freaks were out fo sho! next time gurl!
paint ball sounds dope. Sky diving, not that brave cut lol
This year's Clean & Green Day is scheduled for Saturday, April 21st! Call 3-1-1 to register or for questions.
Damn I been up since 2am and i'm starting to feel it now.
Ha! Well, I'm not surprised. I wonder if those gals got the "fantasy" of his music or the reality of his arms? Silly Ray.
Ha, not the case on my KC timeline. Mass self-pity and loathing.
the pilot was laid to the bone, home...
We hope very soon! :)
#springselection and for Colorado Springs' election info; WGN TV for Cubs' April 1 opener. VOTE EARLY. VOTE OFTEN. GO CUBS GO.
its not raining its just very ugly& im never sure like the next min. it going to pour down HARD. so i have no choice /;
#NFAIS12 Dunn's horseless carriage alongside Rankin's rotary iPhone. Nicely complimentary statements.
that shit was to nasty cuz
yay! Loved that piece! Isn't it rad? I had to look at all of them too... Multiple times!
Taco's at midnight>
Making Spaghetti for dinner :)
Bleep Bloop
yes, we need to catch up. Heres to my legs not failing me. Im hookin up tunes to this bike for motivation
I see you as more of an artist, Lisa! You use your paddle to paint scarlet landscapes on round quivering canvases. (_l_)
gotta pick up the D
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW SWEETIE
I Demand Respect From Boys. If You Don't Respect Me & Ur A Boy... Go Hide Under Ur Bed A**Hole
wait really? I'm scared now. I'll do it tomorrow! o:
I'd like to think the future of theatre results in fewer "us/them" boxes. The world can contain all forms.
Happy Birthday ! May all your wishes come true. ;-}
elections elections elections.......
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
Day one of was packed with intelligence, advice, wit, anecdotes, cake, and fun. A very well put together conference.
Happy Slayer Day!!!
We love the new baby's room! It has a nice new rug, soft stuff to lay on, lots & lots of toys for us. Just wonder where are kennels will go?
looking 4wrd 2 ur visit. hope you try the new swiss chard quinoa, white bean salad
Off to the golf course, however I wouldn't exactly call what I do golfing.
People on "Game of Thrones" explain who they are through dialogue like there's no tomorrow. Seriously, that's good writing.
Hugs and kisses to all my followers
To live and die in LA!! We don't want it any other way! LA all day!
I love the Milwaukee Brewers!!! #winorlose!
Best argument I've heard for being Ntl POY: he leads #1 team in country in points, stls, blocks, FG%, rebounds!!
Question of the day: What's for dinner and what to do tonight????
Wow i am never drinking during lunch again I just ducked up at work pretty bad !!!
had to say it, was a lay-up with your profile pic... ;)
Special tonight! 4 rooms of music w/ & DJ La Mara! Doors @ 9pm!
Lmao me and Ashley's conversation right now>>
We should always take cues from our cats on these matters ;)
oh yeah, got North Miami beach Lebrons on deck for 30
ima get at u when I grab em. In a couple hours
#FFlyDecade ft Hair, Fashion, Music, Networking & Partying + & others will be n attendance...
Just cant get enough (y)
Funny. RT You're looking for bands with a following? What a coincidence! We're looking for clubs with a crowd.
Don't underestimate how liberating a full day of work can be.
I love it when it rains, it's so relaxing.
drops TODAY.
Don't forget this Rebecca's Summer Fit demos are this week: Wed at 7pm and Fri at 6am...... don't miss the fun!!!!!!!
“Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you’re a mile away and you have their shoes.”
Adam is very entertaining a usual!
Cheese and onion walkers sandwich
The boy Mayweather adding another W to the record tonight
Good am. Headed to Columbia to lead a rain dance/drum circle ceremony with a group of kindergarteners!
Eating at the Red Fez in Providence! Love it!
Prior to #ABCScandal I can't honestly say I've watched the channel. #SCANDALSEASON2 ...bring it!
I didn't like it at first. It just came on and I started dancing around my house ;)
Amy Smart Teams Up With PetArmor® and the ASPCA to Launch PetArmor® Protection Promise
lmfaaao true what you even doing :')
Saw the Lucky one yesterday! I cried 😢
Borzi: we got letters from congress accusing of not sharing info w industry. Making it very clear they r open to receiving info.
9/22 Home & Garden...CLOSED! next one is 10/6...call me 516-747-8282 to reserve your space. Holidays fast approaching. Don't miss out!
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called FALLING IN LOVE. Because you don't force yourself to fall. You just fall.
George Lopez At 6 In The Morning ? Lmao That's How I Roll :p
My mood goes from 0 to 100 bitch, try me.
hola muchacho! U ROCKK!! i believe justin bieber has taken over the planet! lol this will b a new experience lol
lol he was at bears fan expo last year that's when I got that pic. So if you go next year there's a chance you can see him
I have to do two performances now? I prefer one. Its the Winter Showcase all over again.
seems more hinderance than facilitation from most
BringLIN the hardware to the Garden. Let the fun begLIN.
Treating patients at children's hospital today. the staff here at CNMC is always so gracious & welcoming to community dentists.
possibly gotta wait and see tomorrow so i hope i will still be up at the shop interning though.
Awk moment when you tweet and don't expect him to answer you and he does...
Starting the morning with Jon Finn for our first audition at Radiant Studios!
‘Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.’ ~Warren Buffett
same here.
“: win your prize. see my link from profile” is Austin Mahone the prize? -no- then no, I love him...
LET'S GET READY FOR THE SUMMER!! How many of you will be going to the beach? -PT
Got a peek at some holiday card styles from Egg Press today and I'm quite excited. Is it Christmas yet?
:):) i might hv rt that too. Dont stop cant hear it enough
HAPPY EASTER JUSTIN <3
I had to go to a dinner ... It was for being an altar server ... I know I'm a geeky altar server ... Who watches #Glee lol
So out of shape LOL
RT : Embrace life. Live everyday as best U cn. giv luv oftn. Have faith. Laugh whenever U cn. U only live once, make it count.
#HighBloodPressure Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility
Day is already going by so slow
Hope everybody can come Out to the Public Wine Tasting Event at the Rancho Bernardo inn on August 4th Pre sale tickets $25
Today is being a slow eh day
dear users of YouTube, please stop posting footage that you recorded with your cellphone at concerts. It looks horrible! sound sucks!
I just thought today.....now my head hurts
Now that is a hard days work
haha he's gonna kill me
Hello hello hello! We are open tonight with some great music & treats in store....643 west 31st street , Chicago IL 60616
#GCF Forever&Eternity No Doubt:) 👌
Sweet combo - strawberry vendors and a Rolls Royce the color of custard speeding down Schermerhorn.
CINCO de MAYO POOL PARTY w/ #TheHangover DETAILS coming soon! LIVE MUSIC w/ BBQ grill and DJ
oh okay. I could care less regardless.
too fatty for me.
No agenda, but a question: Did you know that positions such as follows were written/permitted by in his newsletters..
haha I thought so too
Won't be missing u anymore...
Just got in bed. Lol had fun. I just talked to paul. The twin. The whole time and if is gonna come to church on sunday :) sorry you have ...
I was drafted. Long distance never works...
be back from miami next monday big boy let's get some lunch you wasted fuck
Father God I Been Betrayed Feel Like They Beat Me Like Slave We Living In The Last Days Pray 4 Me And Make Me Cold Hearted.
Jeter's got more hits than Sadaharu Oh
I have been looking 4 a room to rent in LA when I get there, feels like I'm talking to a brick wall, not getting many responses.
Maybe one day I'll be what you need.
My favorite pet peeve-the addition of the “s.” Donna Summers? Did you know she sang “Hot Stuffs” and “This Time I Know It’s For Reals?” ;)
Stop tweeting and HAIL!
Hey Cody, how am I going to text you 143 when I don't even have your number? ;)
rewarding yourself with a little beach at the end of a productive day is a brilliant idea!
So much to do, so little time. :/
New health start-up incubator attempting to emulate Y Combinator and HealthRock: www.healthboxaccelerator.com
You aint gotta lie to kick it mann .
Yay!!! Super pumped to see it!
nomnomnom. Probably my best invention.
Dear Sons, the neighbor's mean-old Rhode Island Red Rooster will peck you.
on your toes what kind of toes you got
Great run this a.m.! Tune in later for a new post!! :) xo
#pointlesscelebrities Justin Bieber.
Front row can you see me?
Just woke up from a bomb ass nap ready for night life
“: "I am complex but I am me." #Gemini”
#bookaday HOW TO HUG by Maryann MacDonald, another resource for "how to" writing
I dont know. ask ranoldo he was watching....
Some people spit from on top of the ladder, but one day they will be in a strange position when coming down the other side! P.A.A.B.
But wasn't Puck also busy with the lemonade?
look at you & look @ her..hell look at you vs. them....no comparison. smfh....its nasty to even think about. lmfao
Feel free to call me for a free hair consultation. www.hairinthecity.me
Followed:D
Oh yeah! RT Right?! ": Wow this is embarrassing for the Falcons. 2 points? WTF"
I almost bought a huge book of Audubon prints from Barnes and Noble, then realized I didn't have space for it.
don't jinx it!
I love today
I thought I told you?
Who hasn't done something to try to get more in life -- taking up art, doing yoga, losing weight -- and found it lacking?
Good morning! It should have been Friday two days ago. Why isn't it Friday yet??
Tiffany - this time they tweeted unrequited love
ta!!!!! i gotta go to the doctor today !! :( i wish was here with mee :(
#futbol Just saw Europa League final score. Rough landing for , Marcelo Bielsa's team an absolute blast to watch this year.
Today is not as good as yesterday, but tomorrow will be better than today! Than the rest ill be history so excited! Off to a new adventure!
so many good bands on the one day I can't listen to your show! :P
I'm great, hbu?
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
How many different ways can you use the words "sonic orgasm?" When talking about music? Never enough. Get their EP. Now! ;-)
I'm sure she is. :) Hopefully playing with my boys Sandy and Jambo.
how have u been?
"I'm about to write this $800 check and my checks have pictures of baby farm animals....bitch!"
what happened?
En route to #nycfoodcrawl. Got distracted by a bicycle with a motor. Running late.
Thank you to Liberal Arts Division colleagues for flowers and get-well greeting.
help us and spread the disease that is Hoes and Housewives, we are gonna be in virginia beach aug 20th. retweet this & spread the disease.
sitting at home and later regretting your idleness...bc you always grow from being proactive!
Nice work. I like the responsive layout.
There are more than 2,000 different varieties of cheese in the world! How many have you tried?
I'm so off on my party finding abilities this year :(
Happy weekend!! I never got to ask which store you're working at!!
#100factsaboutme I vibrate at a faster rate than most folks. That's why I'm so damn skinny. I do yoga so I don't shake myself to pieces.
I think I've finally stopped sweating from that yoga class. Jury is still out on whether I liked it.
going to mexican party cus theres gonna be light up swords included with the party bags. and a jumper.AND pinatas. yayuuuh SON.!
the student run newspaper at my alma mater ie. first place I ever wrote, changed name from "Maneater" to "Carpeteater" as April fools prank.
just texted you
Planning activities for The Date, what ideas do you have?
'Land of 10,000 idiots on Minnesota roads' will be my next headline
want some fiya ass beats? GET AT MY BOY !! FIYA BEATS FOR DAYS!!
same here... but that would meen they are wrong so we must be as they say... becouse they are never wrong...
Anyone have their students do a mini-ethnography in an intro to world music class? Any tips?
Joined a new gym! Am lovin it, so gotta run to a spin class right now. Talk later. ヾ(●⌒∇⌒●)ﾉ
Before you go to bed, look up at the light's of the Goodyear Blimp... "T.Brown's a Pimp"
I think I'm more interested in seeing a hologram of Booger from 'Revenge of the Nerds' reenacting the belching contest scene.
getting ready for skool . DONT WANNA GO !
what the fuck did I do
Almost time for and her brown bag seminar "So You Think You Want To Write a Book". Ought to be fun!
I like that
Hey! Come intro yourself- I'm working Merch table.
NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Booze kills germs! ;-)
never doubt you bro! Love ya
One of my Final Four hopefuls needs to get its act together.
HELLO! how r u?
what do you want your first tattoo to be
I fell down some stairs tonight. From the looks of my goose eggs I am going to be in a lot of pain when this wine wears off.
Happy Friday everyone! Where are we going for #happyhour ???
Trying to relate to people is a waste of time. You either relate or you don't.
I'm in an ethical quagmire here, JWI. Can I help one who would DARE bet against my Wildcats??? :)
Unclear if suspect died from gunshot or when his car crashed into a garage
Big picture focus at Lake Nipissing summit - The North Bay Nugget
omg my dad would disown me. then be blowing up my phone with Qs. he's gotta pass the dad test
uh oh...tell her I'm sorry
Skylar was my youngest daughter's fave and Colton my oldest. Jessica IS good.
“: Last Tweet was a test. But yes that does mean Twitter is coming to the Cause.It app!”. YAY!
I may spend a chunk of the day outreaching to DC Enviro groups to pick up our cause.
Okay, okay. Hart of Dixie was cheesy, CW greatness.
Ugh another commercial Dakota fanning is on the show with the rest of them now up next Taylor talks girls hahahha!!!!!!! :D
Just made it back to new orleans!:)
not even sure what to say....hm
I've never been so disappointed..
Camilla ran this season
Time not to check your blackberry - while running across a highway...
RT what time? <<< FRENCH MONTANA MEET & GREET AT 2pm-4pm
Got back from LA. The ocean is still there. Brought back some sand. It was great. Wonderful Energy. Rodeo Dr. hasn't felt the recession
Live Radio Show - Fort Worth, TX - Sunday the 6th! Tune in to 95.9 The Ranch or stream it at www.959theranch.com.
glad things are going well for you... I'm so ready to go off to college, only a year and a half left! What's college life like?
lol well you see me now
Awesome. Don't get between the birthday girl and her toast. Love you, brother. x
forreal though!! lets kick it soon! i think u still got my number right?
and brought their A games tonight and rocked incredibly hard at ! Such an awesome night.
My single favorite shakespeare! RT with Shakespeare’s
great to know, thanks! May I ask what search terms?
Great to see you on twitter - let's catch up sometime over coffee and share stories...
I love waking up to him<3
the goodmorning text I got from >>>>>
so "Harry's bi" then people freaking out about tswift & Ed, and now niall tweeted Demi. top this day off with a twitcam boo
anil dash is doing fun live blogging of oscars. better than party!
is ripping off 's answer. What a
#FourWordsYouDontWantToHear via "You sure you're in?" Aahahahahahahaha
great coffee mtg indeed! brain still nicely buzzing. glad that our two orgs seem snack-compatible. v. serious about snacks.
Note to self: must be chipper for this 10hr work day chock full of customer service to commence. Fantastic...thats me being chipper.
MT :Just heard Scarborough's clip from this morning on No one in GOP establishment thinks Romney will win general.
If we CAN'T SWIM, so can't get under the boat to fix the rudder, we CAN use THE STARS to guide us on our journey as well!!!
lol way to put a negative spin on my status.
SwingFest 2010 showcase event is Red Carpet Awards Show followed by a Dance Club Party!
Pizza Pizza!
The more people you follow, the more who will follow you. I recommend posting your twitter address in some LinkedIn groups.
“ #Taurus females are very expensive but rich in love.”
Current ID of the staging server? "Undried Umlauts"
Only 6 more working days *Magic City pussy pop*
is getting ur nuts frozen off. cryogenics
Don't you feel like you want to give up, but a whisper in your mind tells you to try again!?
Sound like everyone in indiana is watching the heat game and NOT the pacers game
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman !!!! Im gonna she is beautiful boy 1 day <3
I'm not Jesus, but i can turn water into kool-aid
Is it just me or Twitter a ton of one tweet wonders and spamers
awww I miss u from Facebook daddie!
he doesn't care about that lol
Testing 123. 206-375-9500 Tim Reha cell. I will be in Redwood City Saturday evening - Monday.
This screen is so small 
thank you! :D
Just heard about your lecture next week at UCLA. Can't wait! Anything you'd recommend reading beforehand?
I guess I should stop avoiding getting my wisdom teeth pulled. Little fecking DEVILS.
Feeling nostalgic listening to You guys always brighten my day.
Howard the Duck, hahaha! Haven't seen that movie since I was little :)
Dallas, Texas
Music is my sun and you're blocking my light
Kentucky, Pennyslvania, and Massachusetts should also be excluded from that song.
the clovis tourism commercial has ANCIENT footage from the 90s of girls rollerblading (likely home from gottshalks, or me n ed's pizza).
I want a direction buddy (:
Gonna pretend I know how to golf! where's my shirt? #hotweather #ok #yay :3
ostrich...emu...kiwi...penguin? Although people do east ostrich.
- other than Graham on defense (who seems to be struggling in the NFL)...who else were elite college players from 2008-2010?
Buy a Santa Bag TODAY for $39.99 that includes 1 FREE week of tanning, 2 BOTTLES of lotion, and 1 PACKET of AMAZING lotion to try!!!
Make my speakers go boom boom.
it's on chongita! Let's plan it
grunge tried to destroy the metal..... But it failed. How is the new D?
Packed first day at CNI; thanks to all tweeters for great coverage! Breakfast tomorrow in Arlington Salons 1-2, same as reception.
Download the FREE Houston Criminal Lawyer App in the itunes store! NEVER be out anywhere without your Attorney again. Attorneyoncall - 24/7
collecting ideas for songs...suggestions?
business travel. Drinks after meeting & I'm such a lite weight I was too drunk to go to dinner :)
WIT DAT GIRL AND MAN
wats do that mean i could have got on the next flight out
POST it i wanna see it bro
Wheeee here we go will be hopping through Lodo today spreading community love
2 hours of excel data analysis review
I would yell at you for giving it to me but we haven't hung out in a while. Did you send via carrier pigeon?
Fort knox this bitch so nothin shady happens
look away! RT
Attn ALL RAPPERS !!! Tweet me ur email by 9 pm tonite and ill send u a FREE BEAT sampler
I need 1 more follower ! Go !
I'm a Motherlover, you're a Motherlover, we should... Happy Mother's Day!!
It is raining hard here in kansas city, oh my gosh I think its Hailing.
I have a very particular set of skills
I really really really really wanna 3 legged dog. #S.mousePhan!
My singer is in the running for #hottestchicksinhardrock go vote for her EVERYDAY 10x a day!!!!
"please accommodate don't retaliate"
Hello going out to "12" new likes today!! Welcome to our Facebook page!!
i cant stop more from following u. it gets to confusing with too many artitist clashes personality
A blessed and wonderful CHRISTmas to everyone, and remember to keep God first.
Interesting but not new if you've read Marx RT "We drifted from having a market economy to being a market society."
another #beautifulday to be alive.. Every day brings a new opportunity! Go and find it!
u knw what seeing this making me laugh and people officially think that I am crazy ;)
U.S. House approved $300 billion in cuts to offset the deficit, but most cuts aimed to eliminating programs for the poor nationwide.
Fair warning! The sign competition is on!
remember the drawings in class today
lol.....cant wait to shyt on dem wit dem 28z umq put on my new truck tomorrow homie
Hi #slpeeps I'm new to twitter. special shout out to 4 coming up w/my twitter handle. look 4ward 2 making connections & frnds
Home w/sick kid and under the weather myself. Still hoping for something productive & at least vaguely scholarly to happen. #kidsareworthit?
will do!
I wish I had! I'm an expert. I release demons into my home two or three times a day.
hi, i love you ariana. <3
I think she'd be great at running/kicking! :) #EvaLongoria RT : Would be really interesting seeing Eva play a sport.
everytime i eat candy i feel like im going to puke.
- It's a "thinning area" to be exact. And I'm gonna go cry now. First time in 30 years.
true RT : There's who you want, who you do, and what you tell people. Sexual identity is a combo platter.
Baby's in Reno with the Vitamin D
Planning for the weekend. Can't wait for my first trip to Arizona at the end of the month.
I'm not in this scene I think I'm falling asleep But then all that it means is I'll always be dreaming of you
excited to share my knowledge and expertise as a film makeup artist in this industry. Can't wait 2 see YOU there..Chi town.
LOL! looking forward all of them ;-)
LOL @ screaming at these games she is playing.
she is so cute! Lol about the xmas hat but hey..all in good fun :-)
you wouldn't fight for something you don't believe in. i understand
RT : Q3. When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what you're more comfortable thinking?
TODAY!!!! $1.00Breakfast Tacos $1.00 Juices $1.00 Coffee Made Fresh to order. Not premade and held in warmer. Come in and see!! 3 items ea
I bet he still wants me <3
Stoked for Josh. 4 homer game has happened far less than perfect game. amazing.
oh now i see this!
Why does my cat always sleep with his butt pointing at me
alright I will man
Social Media can and will be used against you in a court of law. If you're in a case be careful what you Tweet.
Adverse Effect is really good too. And anything by TwistedSky :)
I haven't texted or called anyone.
Music is my medicine as well as my therpist.
Yes! Years ago this was par for the course. It only seems odd because of what we (fans/readers) now expect.
Oh, many many and many more!
I definitely will!
Kinda scared where the road will lead me, but I know everything will be okay, it has to be.
I saw your RT, you're entered into the contest :)
Willies Wonder: Get you some.
Another commenter notes research on adolescence extending into early 20s and how that affects what new lawyers are doing.
yeah I sort of value my marriage! I haven't heard of anything besides a whole all games package for the weekend available. I..
your a tech reporter and its your first time? Maybe take your head out of apple's ass for once and explore real innovation
Some web dev today, it's been a while.
Happy birthday! RT : It's Mr. Presley Trace Robertson's FIRST Birthday!!!!!!
Your stamina is legendary. Thanks for including us on your whistle-stop tour.
I didn't get invited to Hangover Part 3 aha
Happy birthday you old man!!
I think and I could arrange for some tasty pies for the band…
Happy Monday!! I'm realizing two things this morning: I miss Vegas, and I miss CJ Time. #INeedBoth!!
much love to you both!
Why is everybody getting mohawks? It looks so dumb
We do not live long enough.
Good morning reality
I can't even get to the house because there's not enough gas in this car.
-- I would kill for some fried cheese curds, impossible to find outside of WI... ( )
#nw Triple Dog
fella? Channeling Mae west?
Thanks to a couple of drunk dudes @ wrk singing to me, the song "feel like making love" will never be the same...
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call? "You can do anything. Try again." Mom is still right!
lol even if you don't get a shag. It was a bold move and I commend you
I can be indecisive, but when it comes to , I can gratifyingly say "I HATE THAT" or "THAT'S THE BEST THING EVER"
Jealousy killed the girl. ;]
Yes!! RT New Ocean Beach Seafood Truck sources from like a top restaurant. Opens on Newport Ave. today
books and books, send me you best read this year
Reveal day TODAY!
On a suggestion from a friend I am listening to the Sucker Punch movie soundtrack, quite good contextually speaking of course.
real time search..who is interested in it...only a news junki or someone who has got time to count the seconds that go by..lol
I'm not sure we would have rpt'd the story at all if the vic wasn't a pub official. Unfort we could do dom viol stories daily.
iam just goin to enjoy my day with out bull shit!
I really wanna get tatted
Don't miss Eli Prime and Twenty Twenty perform at the Newark Christmas lights switch on on Sunday between 11-5!
I have never wanted anything more. If anything can cure my aching head it has to be slaw and cake! Oh I want I want I want.
Thats why I said technically “: No there's one Antony Santos & a Anthony "Romeo" Santos. Thanks. RT : (cont) http
did i mention your name
long day, ended with a beer and some fried food. now i need a nap... happy friday!
Thanks for the follow. Love your hair and your twitter wallpaper - cheerful!
My relatives live here. I'm visiting my mom for Mother's Day. Not to mention, I love Boston.
did Angelina disappear?
That's what its all about! RT : Calculated risks.
FOLLOW BACK HOMIE
don't dis all us Berkeley grads
yeah he received everything. He's good. U might get something this week
No, none of them was specifically you. Maybe I should stop tweeting about grading?
Not like I should complain but it helps to get it off my chest.
#jlin who? He got shut down last night by you know who nem
All that won't fit though lol.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
You've proved me wrong once again.
back atcha babe!
lol. RT More people than usual. RT who's watching TruTV right now??
I'm going to be a senior in a month, it's so overwhelming to think about
ha ha ha... but yeah it really is..
desoto civic center packed lol , im back :)
Listening to Crowded House and it makes me wonder...
morning to you too man... Praying for all the success in the world still for u cus u deserve it have a good day
Caught a glimpse of the future this afternoon and quite honestly I'm a little scared.
RT : #nowplaying "Party In The USA" - Miley Cyrus
actually, congrats on your
one day imma make a impact on somebody's life. lmaooo
#ThingsiLoveToSee Is a man treatin his lady right an not tryna dog her out..
lol I thought the same thing last week but I got used to it
so jealous. What panels are you going too? Staying for music to ?
Honored you are following...cc:
Obviously it's me :)
Seriously this is what the Rockets are reduced to. Taking pot shots at TMac. We gotta do better.
Email your address to and we will send a pair your way!
Love having 2 hours of technique class! Great start to the week!
how so? I'm pretty sure you can hold your own
My night last night taught me that you don't need a man to have fun at prom...although it does help.
Marketing, comm., talent relations etc INTERNS needed! Inquire asap, start with the new year! Great for your resume, college apps etc! DM!
#IsItMyFault that i just want to be successful
Friends been begging me to do Star Trek Online since it went free, haven't talked with them for 8 months so gave them a week
I love that show! Sheldon is my favorite. I was a little bit of a nerd myself in school......Engineer in disguise ;)
I'm not sure. Let me accept on Facebook. I'm fixing to get home! I bet we have lots of friends in common lol
this is NOT the way to unite a Party! This is exactly why the Dems control DC!
Palindrome of the day: "Too hot to hoot." #learning (same letters back and front)
I can't wait until my beard is really long and bad ass again!
glad to hear it wasn't " underwhelming" I love that word now...
we're getting one too... From Disneyland. Not quite as cool.
The notorious rally killing mike young
yessir! Hit me up...
What team did you guys make?
Are you talkin' to ME?
#Tigers Ugh. FACEPALM
Sorry to retweet often about the Facebook page. It is just easier to disseminate information and links via that page. Thanks so much!
Deciding to mark on a corner <<
Coworkers of construction worker killed will hold moment of silence tomorrow. Brad Arthur died after woman hit him, driver accused of OWI
it's wonderful thanks for asking
I love my sister to , even though we fight or argue . What sisters don't ?
And sharpest knife! #FF to both of you! RT : of the brightest light bulbs in the hospital and on Twitter.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
I've got you beat... My town is famous for NOTHING. =)
Casteio in extra time at the end of first half puts Dallas up one nothing
ok i did
Y r u grounded?
I feel bad for whoever goes on a date to a restaurant with
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes to T.J. and M.H. today! Also, a huge congrats to N.T. We at D3 think this opp. is spot on for you!
everyone knew starting Kotsay was a bad idea, and now it's shown........twice, and we're still in the 1st.
yes! real learning happens here MT a more varied audience would make the conversation more engaging
I think 253 h.s. did rt : Neat fact: 10 high schools had at least 2 players taken in April's draft, inc Det Martin Luther King
WHAT WHAT OMG WHAT WHERE
figures. How well do Android apps run on it?
First place in May.
I don't consider myself an avid reader. I do, however, consider myself an avid collector of books I would like to (someday) read.
i love -- a humble frenchman who is a self-professed lover of american cinnamon rolls
Disruptors: everyday distractions that are easily dismissed, but when combined they change the world. Think Twitter
Damn 1st Ave S bridge is up again - thanks for screwing up my commute.
what happened?
Leaving Colorado, then back home to LA, then Vegas, then NYC! All within 2 weeks. Just call me US traveler.
Tonight from 5:30-9pm is Mercy Corps Monday. You eat..we donate 25% of Total Sales!
Happy f in new year
That split second when you are 100% sure ya gonna die after you lean too far back in ya chair
History has proven that dictators get the most work done in the least amount of time.
RT : "I love acting. It's so much more real than life!" - Oscar Wilde
A mouse just ran behind my dresser! Not getting off my bed until its dead or caught!
then dont do it silly :P
What is your favorite NASCAR memory?
Lets go Heat!!!
where do you donate?
How are you able to DM me? And make it appears I'm DM'ing myself. Bc I granted access to ? It said it was Read only access.
How old is Shakeria nowadays? Are her hips lying yet?
Get some rest, hope the remainder of the night stays calm.
same here!!
My legs are so sore from practicing leaps and fouettés all night. Hopefully it's all worth it!
I'll be home the 7th!
Be sure to watch the channel 3 news tonight to see footage from the AZ No Pants Ride.
I know what breasts are...they're boobies...
AND your point is....?
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do". -Epictetus
Thought For the Day: "The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work." -Mark Twain
Standoff at the Marion County Juvenile Correctional Facility..10TV cameras on the scene..plus, Columbus Police planning new cuts-all at 5am!
I should be with & right now
it is fine I saw did it so I wanted to try :p
Sweet yo! I can't wait to see it! Let me know when you guys are gonna release it :D Thanks!
All is well! Great new sounds for all yall! Enjoy the new week! :)
we're projecting The Walking Dead tonight at 8. Zombies make awesome noises through the house system!
I just went out and had many drinks, now just sitting around watching TV (super exciting...) haha how about you?
Lunch time is approching.
Is sold house in the mountains NC i beds baths Virtual stages OF MLS Form golf it is good mountain Fireplace :-)
You would have a book of President Inaugural Addresses. Nerd.
RT : RT : In honor of DDC day, CD's are being signed&shipped for only $13! Along w/the CD(today only) you will rec ...
you're welcome. my favorite LB song is "What Do You Know". Love the country-rock feel!
why did you take off your shoes today
yes please!
If God can speak into existence unlimited universes, then simply nothing is impossible for us to do what is needed for mankind with Him.
Too obvious!? But I am playing requests for the guys.
RT : Just finished reading #agencyblueprint - lots of great tips for ! Thx - can't wait to implement!
Don't miss the new duck heart preparation ; absolutely incredible flavors!
Well, I officially have a crush on my elementary school arch-enemy.
Vivienne Westwood flagship, just of Regent St!
#oomf is about to make history with a new song called #BOYFRIEND (; um who could it be?
let us know when you get your certificate! :)
Can it get any hotter
We don't do murderers. We don't do rapists. We don't do perverts.
Thanks . Appreciate the advice. Worried about Rip's lingering injury. Have few bench spots w/ a lot of injuries this week
Fast food make me fast
Thanks for the RT.
It's kinda funny knowing that your gonna be suspended. :3
Friday in montana still!
Looks can be deceiving. lol
Stop going to the day Brewers games. They seem to lose whenever the show is there!
U gotta download ! I've only had it about a week but I've been having so much fun with it!
Absolutely. We thoroughly enjoy the Dictionary of American Regional English.
realistically we cannot give students real world experience in every class, so we have lots of tools we can use
yes! Love 's I had my students participate in 2.0 & plan to have them join 3.0. You?
I need sleep. Gnight all!
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is no promise. And today? Today is a gift, that's why we call "present".
DRose out for most of next year. No Drose= no championship
RT : "It is hard to be 100 percent better than your competition, but you can be 1 percent better in 100 ways." - Rich Melman
ah ok. Understandable.
my little sister wouldnt get me water so i took food chewed it then showed it to her said "go get me..." then she was like "ill go ill go":p
Ice cream makes everything better :-)
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
Our National Nurse Week Celebration continues today with an appreciation reception with Senior Leadership!
I have a hard time buying Big Show as a babyface. Much better heel in my opinion.
ah yeah true. i dont think animals do :') they are chilled as :)
Gardening! Remind me again why this is fun??
wish u were here KURWA .
That's the name of the column, not the slogan.
Change it up, hv fun, if u feel it...go for it!
So much girl power! I'm so flattered to be receiving so much great feedback from everyone! Thank you so much! Much love! <333
Man I hadn't seen him in like 8 months
Thank you for the follow as well. Congratulation on your funding!
It's #FenderFriday, best Instagram of your favorite Fender gets you on our feed!
make me some
Yea, I need details on how you went about it.
I followed hehee
Forecast calls for sunny and 80 this weekend! Perfect for shopping the Third Ward. Pop in to Metro Eye while your out and about!
I think the next Kickstarter will be to buy a keyboard where the shift key works ;)
is a monster
thanks, Tommy!! xoxo
what the point of having some YouTube vids not available on mobile devices I really don't get it
Best thing to see when you go to the pools is in the locker room ha!! It's when a hot guy is taking a shower naked and then dry!! HOT HOT
Don't forget to wish your mother "Happy Mother's Day! To all the mothers, have a wonderful day!
What do you do?
Dad just found out I have tattoos on my inner arms. Had them for almost a year now.....
A new day today.Thanks for all the kind words, love you guys
Contra Alliance hardcover distribution finally taking shape: Ingram + Baker & Taylor...30 days to materialize.
Showtime has some weird stuff on
Prisoner of Azkaban or Goblet of Fire!
Actually it's 8PM on the east coast, so I assume you mean 5PM earliest
Random Fact: I made my Western movie debut in Blue with Karl Malden.
Lovin' the creative ideas my customers have for personalized Stems!
should know b4. Bowling. Just need to let temp agcy. Know how it went send thank you email and wait
I should have guessed you already knew about it.
Thanks so much! How are things going with you? Tell me about the wedding.
Twinkle twinkle little b*tch, close your legs it smells like fish
just a jerk lol
I can finally check off 'get a harry potter tattoo' off of my list of things to do before I die. Yay!
Hope you an incredible Mother's Day xo 😘😊
cause you were half nude in gayle's class...
For those of you hating on John Cena, remember, he never turned his back on the fans like The Rock did.
Q2b) Help them build a mind map of the essential steps, methods, procedures, etc. based on a real experience.
why? If fans had no problems with bounties before, why would this audio change anything?
Have you tried the new hot dogs @ Sonic #Baltimore? The Chicago dog is awesome. Has a bit of a kick but nothing a Cherry Limeade can't cure
F.O.H (Family Ova Haterz)
Am I really watching Jack and Jill? Yes, and, as expected, it is awful.
Begining new project as a training analyst, content developer, and trainer to help hospice workers master medical record-keeping technology.
layin in bed bout to go to sleep u
. Major props to his kids, too. They were right there to fill in the blanks and give him reassuring smiles. That was beautiful.
curse of The Brick strikes again. Maybe I'll get another free set of tickets.
Cut the skin to the bone, fall asleep all alone. Hear your voice in the dark.
#me3 amazing. tell me another story.
that's what's up!
Spring Break!
Cool. That is going to be a madhouse. I'll be with and Stacy and company.
never gonna happen. :)
holy goodness - i never got this tweet. I will DEFINITELY let you know next time! :)
Special Thanks to ! He's been saving $ for something special for my bday & 2nite surprised me by taking me 2 our fav sushi spot
I may be a smart-ass, but at least I'm trying to hold up both ends of the bargain.
Its sickening how you can play somebody so well and leave them for no reason at all..
you too :)
DYK? John H. Johnson-Owner of Ebony Publishing Co. is a member of A Phi A
#yougetpointsif you came to #brainnet today! Great meeting on How To Create Compelling Video with Mark Wonderlin...shoulda been there!
im so glad i dont have to see her face / Ass any more
Seeing rows of orange-shirted union members here to support development of the corridor brings back bad memories :(
same... >.> the only cute ones I have were SUPER FRIKKEN expensive
YAY PARIS. Hope you have a great night!
This weather is not my idea of summer weather..
Good to know, thanks for exercising the API, it's an area of great interest for us strategically.
i been gone2long truth or false rite or wrng Hello chaos welkome hme
aight forsure dude. i'll hit you up. I got the same number. i'll dm it to you too
thank you for joining us :)
MIDDAY TODAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it
Mention twitter to your server and receive a FREE calamari appetizer!!
yes that's what everyone said but that damned CVS was out! It always looks ransacked!
RIP to that young man that lost his life in Florida another senseless killing of a young black man at that hands of a person sworn 2protect
Rika Burnham & Elliot Kae-Kee have a new book, Teaching in the Art Museum. Check it out on Amazon.
I swear I do better with the MK14 in #MW3 than I do with the ACR... even though it is semi-auto... 32-8 last match... 28-4 the game before..
nothing but music and hand jobs. #M&HJ
Looking for a Senior Technology Implementation Strategist and Consultant for a short-term (one month initial) assignment in Washington, DC.…
I HATE THIS FUCKING SNOW?
OH , so you're gonna take your sweet ass time to reply to me? Alright, cool son. Its all gravy , just dont get mad when I do the same thing!
Crib you
Keep in mind as back to school makes for busy days!
Lunquist is stopping everything!
RT ArtsBeat Blog: First Play by Nathan Englander Postponed From Public Theater Season t.co/xItgv725 // Gatz is back instead!
I really want to play keno right now, and I blame , , and
I just ordered your book. When does it ship?
OMG tourists on top of tourists!!!!!
Watching Pokemon...Ash vs. Gary.....on Boomerrang....this takes me WAY back
Why does Bill Walker look like Whoopi Goldberg in Eddie?
"The best part of my day is enter acting with my fans" Is this real? Is this real life?
So the whole purpose of going to bed & closing your eyes is to fall asleep! Well wth. I'm tired & I have a big day ahead c'mon.
Agree w/ about San Antonio being hottest conf. ever. Toronto was surprisingly close.
life is a party...
Preparing guacamole...and the tree was happy.
I always struggle with what to wear to pick up take out. I mean, let's be real, what would you be dressing up for?
just don't push it too hard or you'll regret it later! Listen to your body!
Wow! Already up to 43 applicants for our fall afterschool program: www.lifevineworks.org
Thank you to the vendors, the mad crafters, the music makers, the magic Mission staff, the shoppers and lookers yesterday we HEART you!
Somewhere out there accounts are girding themselves like samurai to ensure #Avengers will actually lose money
This year marks the Bi-Centennial of the Battle of 1812 --or as we like to say, "Sometimes they do come back."
Thanks for following ..nice article on 4 ways to maximize the new #Facebook timeline
HouseWorks: Home decor on the cheap
are you going to be at Intel isef more this week?
they changed the potatoes for hashbrowns. they can't get the right food to the right person. Lot of untrained new staff
Thanks for the follow, Jon. I could definitely use your help. So clomming on to tip
tickets for what exactly?
I feel like going up to Zion...I may have to plan a trip up there...
yeah I had him last year for history and I didnt learn anything and he just kept giving us a lot of work
Thanks... Shattered bones as far as the eye can see!
actually the guests are Brazilian Singer Anne Simoni &recent UT grad Kesley Hoar - for Jeff Lofton's Jobim Tribute Cactus Cafe.
If your ratings suck & nothing has helped, try a Laura Mulvey pun? Liz: "Ugh. The male gaze." Hazel: "Yeah, they're all a buncha gays."
Just woke up for today... going over my aunts house idk what else ima do...
Prepare for "The Greenwich Village Bookshop Door" exhibit by reading Morley's Parnassus on Wheels. I flew through it in 2 hours yesterday.
And that's not a knock of reporting. One of the good guys. It's the info that he's reporting that disturbs me.
it really is, not...
it's a great place! Let me know how your visit goes :)
2 weeks + finals seem like forever from now! :) And Happy Easter! :)
#ICantStandPeople who treat you like sh!t no matter how many times u let it go and are nice anyway..its like..what the f*ck more do u want?
It seems I got attached to baseball when the #Rangers lost in 2 World Series because to my surprise I'm watching a regular season game
I probably should have showered before doing laundry...
“: hit me up when you get here”kk dm me your number
lol same here I think of our "other version" haha
all I can say is damn, Chris. daaaaammmmnnnnnn. (=
They don't have 'em here in TX, gotta wait til I get to CA! :D
Earth day fair tomorrow. Balboa Park. We'll be at the booth with & How about you?
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three
Came back to Twitter and de-followed everybody who isn't San Diegan. (except the Oatmeal guy and Cynthia Tucker.) Cleaner local news-feed!
At the midnight premiere of The Avengers. Always enjoy the raucous crowd. Let's get to the show!
I'm a local (pgh) lang. teacher working on customizing learning, excited to see and would love to get students on!
I can only imagine how much faster I would get my hw done if i could still for longer than a minute @ a time.
it's a hard call, but I think the saltimbocca.
You're welcome and thanks!
Welcome to DigitalGeeks.org! Long Islands very own computer professional service group at your service... Call us! (516) 582-3089
Can we put you down for one of those next season once the shoulder heals?
“: The Hip Sip, The Suppy, and the Kup are our three finalists.” Congrats to finalists! Judges said decision was really tough
I'm sorry about passover); I just realized I never apologized for getting grounded..... #sorry ):
- mom and dad both have twitter too?
Well, the CSS madness that is Chrome/Facebook is over but now is down and I'm updating from Twitter. Gasp!! The horror!!!
Probably the best pitch I've seen yet. RT Make sure you get [TeamStream], so my posts can vibrate ya pants!
only 7 more hours of work for the week then about to go Hammah Montana
Thursday, The Zone, Gone, and Heaven or Las Vegas are my favorite The Weeknd songs
I decided I didn't like my outfit so I came into work an picked out a new one
Just ate some toast wit HEEEEEELLLLLLLLAAAAAAA butter. Lol
at physical therapy and then at home. I'm not gonna miss a minute of it
i followed your other twitter =) could u list me? =) and maybe follow me back? =) <3
Some busy days coming up next couple of weeks. Hopefully busy will translate to productive.
Check out the programming plan and drawings for the project at www.themissionlasvegas.com. I'd love to hear your feedback.
Watching addicted to #TheClientList! Awesome show!
X Games is so much better than the olympics...there's just something about watching human beings fly through the air..#onpurpose?
And with that, a release candidate is born! Good. Now onto project
For someone who talks so much in person, your twitter sure is quiet...
Politico Hill reporter has been killing it with no bullshit zone coverage of Boehner. Great coverage of highway bill fiasco.
ah I hope so !!
Automated voicemail saying they know I'm going through one of the toughest times ever. Haha I'm actually going through one of the easiest! 
follow this bosset
Its HERE! May the odds be EVER in your favor! Happy Hunger Games!!!
hm not my fault
At Takoma Park Library to pick up my postcards that won their art contest. I'm no picasso, I just draw what I see.
Wishing you a successful week. Thank you for your follows:
! I'm bored :/ lol my back hurts these chairs are mad uncomfortable ! -_- lol
getting ready for crabtree!
send an email to !
#np 'Daniel' Bat for Lashes
Reputation management and personal brand are key in search says
Do what specific recipe says. Difference likely a function of the ingredients involved.
That's a good distant run. Keep it up? Running a 1/2 or full soon?
I just heard Jason Mraz's new single on the radio. Someone's stuck in the year 2002. :/
Good Spirits
hey, now that im a minority owner, im technically youre boss. drop and give me 50! LOL!!!!! J/K. Be a winner.
Word of the day: phenomenal
According to CEIR, 73% or more of executives rate exhibitions as highly valuable to achieving their marketing objectives.
Yes, suspending the band for 1 year should be the minimum, frats/soro org have strict rules & reg. This was a crime!
How are you guys doin today??
lucky duck
If you only do what you know you can do – you never do very much. - Tom Krause
RT : I'm scared to drive :( lol its nothing to it but to do it! U gota confront your fear amber I used to be like that too
sounds good! :D
I keep listening to 'Unfriend You' its amazing ! Xx
Burger King with
O O O O O OKAY
