In da studio tryna put it together, working fa magic ;)
I hate the tokken "yelling loudly at losing team" guy, tonight there was a Pens fan yelling at Philly fans even after the loss. Dude, STOP!
Love when your/MY junk is worth cash. Googled the front end. 1940/50 Huffman, the emblem is going for $110.00 bucks. Paying for the build :)
Okay. For real this time. Going to bed lol
I thought she could actually cook :-(
so I'm wondering when is my next movie debut?!? Lol
Like a moth to a flame!
Are you coming to Portland yet?
Q3: Hell no. I don't trust chemicals.
Sex can fix EVERYTHING !
ah im bored
I don't care about Tim Tebow's dogs name, what kind of milk he drinks or that he was born in a fucking manger please give me #Jets news
It's up there on our sports page. Be sure you hit the sports tab (as opposed to the longhorn tab that it sometimes defaults to)
Just about 2 put some on! #music ...So good 4 the Soul!:) RT : The perfect distraction for #Pisces is music.
At night I cried my pain over a heartbreak but then in the morning I woke up with a smile on my face cus I knew I'm not going to be stressed
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. Fb love the game
watching Tangled with my baby... I don't care what anybody says, the Disney princess movies have some of the sweetest stories!
is heading to Louisville for some horse race this weekend. And yes I have carefully coordinated my hat with my outfit. =)
Must reset internal clock. LA time is not Texas time. I want to sleep!
TechTidbit RT: Opting for a different ISBN for each format/format type is safer than NOT. Differentiation is the clearer approach.
she looks like trouble
ironically it's his heart that's broken RT “: We wish John Edwards a speedy recovery so he can go to prison in good health.”
ASK QUESTIONS!!!!
Yes! RT : Are you part of the 70% of consumers who use a "second screen" (tablet, smartphone, etc) while watching TV?
Nuts. Now behind everyone since I am watching from DVR now
Nice! As my grandma in ABQ would say, thank goodness it's a "dry heat".
Open communication makes things easier.
Thanks for shout out!
Spent all my money in 30mins lol oh well
Just go into Settings and change it.
I know!!!! I miss our nonstop laughing session!
Have maybe done it twice in 5 years.
ah 9 minutes till austream YA :)
Tweeting to annoy
“: #WhatNotToSayToThePolice "Get out of the car!" "I'm drunk, you get in."” lmfaooooo :') 
Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters
I love reading your texts, and just smiling.:) ♥
So exciting! Have the most fabulous day, Laura!
Good morning! It looks like I maybe finally done with being sick. I'm not as tired as I was before. I'm just ready to get my life back!
I'm just glad I've been doing it right all these years!
debuted his new CD Tresspassing this week, he's on tonight
What happens in western Denmark stays in western Denmark.
"Today's Affirmation should be...???"
!!! : don't call me bout nuffin on twitter, unless it's business related.
Please do. We've been doing more lately to make student learning more visible around campus. We're glad to share!
The Badger alum I am hated you, but as a Packer fan - welcome aboard sir, excited to have you!
Looking forward to it! Just setup, space looks great!!
Oh man. That hurts.
Climbin in the gold lex, diamonds in the rolex . . .
love it! i'm going to start it in a few weeks when i have a little more down time. what's the outcome, are you feeling great?
In some cultures, true love was thought to be incompatible w/marriage.Others considered it good if love developed after marriage
Mayhem Nation: What impact do you feel that will make on the going forward? Best responses get RT's.
Kepler Lucas :Why? Because I can.
Ok i am most definitely not as good at #Starcraft as before
Happy Thanksgiving! :)
Rondo one board away from a triple double
ugh. Ansay, Milwaukee and cat references? That's too much to stand.
#realtalk RT : I see niggas tweet right before i knock out wake up next morning the same niggas still tweetin
o i c
Making a lemon cake with my little brother for my mom (^_^)
When my dad is drunk <
How soon before Veras' arms falls off?
There is nothing like seeing the first of your childhood friends get married.
Saturday... Kallie has squashed any chance of sleeping in this morning!
spaghetti or lasagna?
sounds awesome, got the dm! See you then(:
you tell uncle Rick I said what's up and that he has good hair
lets commit the perfect crime. ill steal your heart & youll steal mine? <3
Thanks Lee. We need to catch up soon.
#cosign “: I miss . I hope he didn't die”
what crazy girl?
#GirlsFavoriteLine "Suck my dick"
#np Tegan & Sara - Back In Your Head
I'll find some!
Agreed. I usually forget to switch to be the library when I post on our FB page. Delete, switch, and repeat.
4 more days.
jeeze why do i keep you around.
sorry about the weather!.. But have a great day!:-)
My man taking over my phone bye twitter
Oh okay
- Thanks for the follow, #ifollowedback!
I feel a blessing coming in my spirit :)
I'm toast
(Can DH scholars break the habit of defaulting to "English and history" as the only mentioned disciplines in dh meta discussions?)
Look at chu go ;D Looks amazing :)
saban a great coach, only wish he was still at LSU
Thanks! RT '83 appears in the movie One For The Money opening this Friday, Jan 27th.
When you're busy celebrating 's 75th birthday on Friday, spare a moment for me and my measly 37th.
Thank you for the follow too! Happy Sunday!
Have you taken the GMAT test yet?
Y females want to fuck da Nigga with da nice car? When u have to fuck him at Ur house cause he stay with his moma....cause that note so high
Using a marker for two seconds & somehow managing to get marker all over your hands.
Another shitty sunday for the eagles
Tip of the day: if you would like to crash without a car then try coffee.
Aggressive panhandlers harass workers & visiters throughout #Atlanta and the police crack down on...Food Trucks.
Happy bday big homie....you doin #'s MILWAUKEE NO BULL #TRIFE LOOK
please advise if you have anything near O'Hare, Des Plaines, Norridge, Park Ridge, please. Thank you. :)
Thanks! Come back soon.
First break from gigs in weeks! And what am I doing??? At home practicing my guitar! Last place I wanna be right now is at a club or bar!
Everything I think of is a dream, everything I say is incorrect and everything that I wish for is impossible
This year 49.5% of full-time arts positions were cut from Baltimore city schools.
Two hours till Beanpot. GET PUMPED GET READY. EAGLES ON THE WARPATH!!!
It's The Spongebob Movie :)!!!!
Wish I was in NY right now for shutterbugs + !
Shit thts when everybody gon call askin 4 ridesRT : I need to hurry up and get this new car so i can leave everybody alone lol
#3WordsForYou I love you
Yikes! We are in charge of the work for next work. Now I'm freaking out. Have you talked to Sheryl?
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Spongebob squarepants! Who died in an oil spill becuase of BP?
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
And they are all black....#damn. Lol
Yeah it does! hahaha
Just struggling
Oh dear! (And various other incredulous statements not approved.)
You teach people how to treat you.
In manhattan, tcb, knockin out a double-show 2moro check the site for details,holla my tweets had been locked but now unlocked, follow me!
Txt you when i'm about to get released and get no response -__-
Off to do a little shopping in the city
Yes u better make ur grand entrance
Margaritas are the new bloodies! Come cure your hangover!
nice! A friend of skj's is going to go there for film, I think! Where is it in the city?
Tweeting on Twitter about eating with a twit
Marcus and Bill are dressed the same
I haven't heard name in the same sentence with "defense" in my life! I still think he has him confused with Curt..
I hope not u can so mean at times lol
Cool and quiet day in LA. I think a movie is in order.
Facebook has acquired Instagram, the popular photo-sharing application, for about $1 billion in cash and stock //
MT : .: re. "Debates in DH" Why a book? twitter=proprietary; conversations are being effectively lost
so who wants to see marina and the diamonds with me
Happy Mother's Day!! I hope you have a great one! Xoxo
Our Greek system is da bomb.
just got from school lol fun i saw people today making out in the hall way boy and boy and girl with girl i told them to get a fucking room!
New condom slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks.
lol really? Like what
Anyone in SoCal think it was the start of the apocalypse from the power outage?? Any stuck now knows...there is a need to be prepared ;)
thanks for ignoring me mother ! -.-
Paddle boating with kids today on Lake Accotink. Thinking about cardboard boat regatta?
It really is hit or miss, though. Some pub work is simply a chore & parties involved don't always mesh/pull their weight.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :When BearBear pretend sleeping, Roxie sleeps too.
What should I do for my mum for mother's day? Besides make her breakfast.
This is all without CPR potential savings and includes deferred maintenance that the city council just voted to fund!
well i had a beautiful nap :)
It seems like they're giving Q a year of having things his way. If it doesn't work...he's signed his own pink slip.
I still wake up white in a city that ain't - Councilman Thomas J. Carcetti
Good to see. More correlation than causation, but that's what good teams do—guys want to know they'll play everyday.
yayyyy happy birthday!!! Woooot love you girl
Next stop on 's birthday bar crawl: Lucky Bar
Make sure you're checking out U-T San Diego for all your weekend breaking news, written by yours truly.
thank you! Its hardcopy for now, but may include digital too.
I've been here for quite some time. Twitter's a place where you complain about everything and no one wears pants..
kickball then learning how to drive :O
If you don't think Obama was born in America, I've got some ocean-front property in Idaho I'd like to sell you.
#shoutout to all the graduates of MTSU and U of M! Congrats!!! :)
We're working on that Paul...Do you have a connection in the USA who can send you some for now?
Hah! Perfect day in Saskatoon! Not this time of year it isn't. Sorry Saskatooners...but only summers offer perfect days.
Read the full essay in our Spring 2012 issue, available online at noon ET today. (2/2)
Listen Now, I take Forever to do my hair, but not get dressed, cause you know, gotta look good :) <3
Inspiring speakers at the LPR Annual Retreat. Feeling more confident about the future of conservative thought.
I feel that something has changed When I get close! I feel that something happened! I freaked out, I fall in love oh oh oh! <3 <3
yep, i grilled that website like a dog! lol
I close my eyes and I can see a better day. I close my eyes and pray,...pray.
Hey he bought the laptop, he can dispose of it in anyway he chooses!
lol how so
Never's a mighty long time, but not often. I scatter my requests.
Taking son and his family out on the pontoon boat for a ride in the river and the Gulf. Beautiful today! Back to writing later today.
is looking for some awesome designers and developers. Skills: RWD, PHP, MySQL, Rails, JS, HTML, CSS, etc.. Hit me up guys….
you know it, baby!
One of my favorite classes in undergrad! ~PK
Dave Stryker is 1 soleful fellow. There's a well-oiled system @ work here. As "Lungs" would say, "Gimmie a gig!" Bless U, my child.
you think so but no they aren't.The new pics of Justin show his sad face and this tweet he deleted.Selena deleted her instagram
Barely anyone is in my first period.
*NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT
It's about time! ^_~
I feel what you feel, I see how you see but I can't always fix it.
Kiss me, I wasn't loved as a child, I mean I'm Irish
thanks for the followin back
Iguazu Falls in Argentina. A must-see!
In 1992, the space shuttle Endeavour completed its maiden voyage with a safe landing in the California desert.
witnessed two rollie pollies going at it on my mailbox .... awesome.
Hahaha :D I love how that is trending
I'm working on 2 blog posts about #privatization and some insights for #nonprofits from rational choice theory. Look for them next week!
#fridaylistens is Red Door by CharlesTodd & perf by Simon Prebble. Splendid. +thrilled that smart phone now streams via bluetooth in car!
sleeping freshmen never lie is so pointless.
I am up, whats good.
breakfast for champions!
Liza's been watching that and I've caught a few shows. It is good and Maggie Smith's character is very entertaining.
RT " Getting a shoutout in a speech in front of all these important people #prestigious #TUrepresent"
me and Stephan are going to the beach, you should come!.
Stoked about ArcPy map scripting and automation. #esriuc = good times
RT Emotional eaters often suffer from magical thinking. Thinking only leads to weight loss when it is backed up by action!
whats ya top 5? Mine is married wit, fresh prince, unhappily ever after, seinfeld, friends
The Desert Diamond Cup starts today!! It is also the first round of Match Play...so much to do in Tucson this week!
Best sandwiches in all of Rochester award, goes to... in the South Wedge!
Except you can't sleep on our couch... RT via : At my home away from home
One month ago today we walked away smiling in Pasadena!
thanks you. Sorry.
Too bad I cant watch 106 today.... Still wish I can get a follow frm
no volume whatsoever.
ok on my way to the hideaway not day off
We're back at the office on a GORGEOUS day in San Diego.We have a packed schedule to follow up a busy weekend. Have a great day 4S Ranch!
3 business traps to stay away from. Wrong motives behind your work. Your work negatively affecting others. Mistreating people along the way.
Bye everyone especially Maggie
lol el monte ! Ah havent gone to the SWAAMEE in a while!
Not looking good for the #FLAPanthers... As for the Dolphins? You don't lose a lot drafting Ryan Tannehill.
I’m including cardio and strengh training
BOTWE is my school.
There are moments I am not sure where my life is heading, but I have faith the Universe is leading me in the right direction
Cute boys and great food? #Heckyes ! At #ihop :) With :)
<Door Prize Alert> Anyone interested in winning free wedding hair and make-up ??
It's become obvious that #Anonymous is actually
According to 26% of passionate fans primarily used their mobile device to follow March Madness. I was one!
?? Twitter de
twitter keepin me updated w/d fight lol
R.I.P. Ralph McQuarrie
Discovering new Tv shows
Haha, love the new blog post. One note: as a kid I far preferred the grape Dimetapp. So that grape flavor can stay ;-)
I think you know her!(;
": 39.2B is TTso is that your fake bra size or what? Bitch!" LMFAO! XD made my day lol
I don't know what liberty means. Liberty? I should google it? This is why I was suicidal? Liberty or death?
Integrity is the foundation upon which all other values are built. -Brian Tracy
Wine. That is all.
Just laying down!
Alan: If I hadn't made it clear by now, just wanna reiterate, I am anti-SOPA. I am not speaking for the rest of LEI Mobile, just me.
Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found.
My parents are so
i wonder i has had time to watch the harry potter marathon on abc family this weekend <3
Im still holding on, even if you already let go.
Go check out buds in Brothers Loyalty! they just put up a new song and it's really sick!
This year for sure...no date to announce yet
Um... excuse you, XiuminOppa. But, didn't I say that Tao was one of them that you were NOT allowed to bias? -.-
preciate it my g
I am trying my hardest to feel better before the Easter festivities on Sunday. This is Jade's first Easter. We need to get her a treat. :)
Just thinking about you makes me feel sick..
Relational hour with Hsaio, and starting now
31 emails to schedule a 5-person mtg? Totally rules bc I get to try out a new email sig each time. (I.e. "Sent by future you.")
Treat a girl How you would your mom!
Thanks for all the mentions!
I talked so much crap about ebooks before... Omg...
Wow... that's just... I don't even know what to call that. Excessive?
I wonder what it's like to not hate your job.
Penn State will have Division 1 Womens' hockey next year. Girls have played in my son's league for 10 years.
a black guy in Harry potter.
Sell or Hold my Gausman orange at 100.00?
hahahah, this is honestly complete bullshit.
Live Stickam acoustic set. Saturday at 5pm central! :)
LOL!!! Please forward to your friends and see if they can use it to. Lol
Ok going back to read more of my book now
Dear ESPN announcers: the clock stops on the timeout which you will see their Head Coach does not immediately call
Some people had high hopes that given how union support went down Alvarez might be more moderate than either Hueso
If it were natural for father to care for their sons, they would not need so many laws commanding them to do so.
Pshh modest people
nice, how long are ya in town for?
Best news! Triple neg evolved to ER. That's rare. Gives more treatment options & better odds. Cartwheels happening over here.
RT : You never know how much you really believe anything until its truth or falsehood becomes a matter of life and death
i sure know how to make things akward when i want u.
Time Ta Turn Back Ova
Lol RT : That awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on TV but the can't get it because their parents must be 18 or older.
Love the Chick-Fil-A shirt, lol. :)
It also bites you in the ass by coming when you really don't want it
nah not every, I feel offended
So glad to see John still going strong after all of these years...his music is timeless...peace,blessings...
I'd love to see the #Packers in the flesh in London but would be pissed off for all the loyal fans in the states!
I'm so glad I'm that friend you go to when you need a wig.
bahahahahha u too funny!
Why would you talk shit about someone who's actually nice to you? I mean c'mon, you already have like no friends at our school.
Well good for you... we were on Memphis hit #SanAntonio under large made a little cash in the NBA today
Watching Punk'd lml :-)
Making ricotta pancakes again, to uh, get better pictures ... Or, maybe just cus I'm hungry :) #yumminess. Ah, the life of a
Im having a lot of fun right now :)
me n my girls did our nails tonight ..priceless moments with my babies
GO FOLLOW THE LOVELY SHE'S MY TWITTER BFF! <3<3
its at Indycar Nation under Fantasy. You need a free membership if you don't have one already.
I hear ya! RT : So bored with talking about the Facebook timeline. Its the Y2K of 2012.
so its my biRthdAyz todae..so far great, well cuz i'm alive..Lol but cant wait going to see a show laterr on ^_^
HAHA… this is funny. #TexansEast Can't wait till y'all come back to Houston : Congrats to my boy he is a raven
We'll be finishing up with recording for our 1st studio EP for release at Saturday. Can't wait to have this done for you all
I have struggled with my family taking my biz seriously too. They are finally getting it :-)
If i do a Sequel to My Secrets what should i call it?? Give me some ideas and i will start writing it tonight <3 ~Leanne<21
Heading to Ocean City, MD this afternoon for a conference. I haven't been to the beach in almost two years, so I'll take what I can get.
OK, we can match the $159 cost + shipping. You'll have to call in. 1-800-589-4487
I want some chocolate now!!!
PSA: men if yall gin walk with ya feet out wearing flip flops on, please be kind and not have nasty toes or foot fungus!
=] RT : Currently chatting with a librarian. I can also call, email, tweet, or text! WOAH! Go :)!
fog. Buses can't pick people up.
bet you leading by a lot again keep grindin', spot on the tape will be locked ASAP
"I am so enthralled my God's beauty." Please tell me you have seen that video on YouTube.
Cooking Class @ cookingfools.net "Basic Baking Techniques: Pies and Tarts" Sun 1/23 11 am - 2 pm #Chicago, #recipes,
Bella - just bc your fiance is over 100 yrs old doesn't mean your dress needs to look like it is.
I expect some drunk tweets tonight.
Places I would not want to be right now: anywhere within 25 feet of Peter Laviolette
#oomf made me want a pb&j sandwich
Back to reality. I have tourney tickets for sale for Pbkc's week long series starting 5/12, 6 different tickets for sale between $235-$555
This passengers gone wild is some crazy biz.
I think i'm being followed.. might be just a delirium of persecution)
That's fitting, because you're a dreamer. We can't dream with you or we won't get any work done! Stiff upper lip.
#PhillySportsTalk Do you think #Eagles can ever win a Super Bowl with Mike Vick at QB?
Well only when you're a good girl ;) & just go to bed love! ♥
It's only Tuesday? grrr....this week has to get better or I will go
off to my summer job
I'll be a Celebrity Corespondent along with Radio Disney Daphne Blunt October 2nd for "NY in Hollywood" www.eopf.org-
Just met Tabitha from Salon takeover !
Does your pharmacy give you the type of customer service you deserve? If not, give Hieber’s a try. Over 150 years in Pittsburgh!
Wow! That's a sweet look. Mental note made.
keep it?<--- If you have even the slightest morale conflict call Waste Mgt....i'd keep it
so glad I changed. If my library required training to use then it isn't user friendly. Agree with you
Trent Dilfer: I can't see the Patriots making the super bowl... A few more like that and
Thank you (:
Day started with "America's Game" (92 Cowboys), Super Cross Highlights and NBA Basketball the rest of the day! :)
“: Smiling in the middle of a kiss .. ❤” You kno ur happy with them
Thunder taking the west and Bulls taking the east
A big happy birthday to Jackson Moran! From all of us in The Break Room
education needs to be: Learning about. Learning to do. Learning to be. Learning to transform. This is the learning ecology.
Now, now #PatsHead “: ... really? Clemson-and-FSU-to-B12 rumors again? Really?”
Frosting the Commander
I do all my own stunts...
I hope that gonna be alright...
I thought I already followed you!!!
RT : 102.5 Fm Dallas is playing. We Serve A Mighty God by &
I chopped onions to cure my suppression. Didn't work, just have bad breath. :/
hahaha your a dork and you dont even grab my hand first Lol.!(x
Sometimes "showing up" is all that is needed...
Laker Playoff Game Central @ Sandbar Lounge Long Beach. $2 Brews $3 Drinks $1 Pool Table. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Thanks Michael
Just downloaded the new Evri Android app, it's really nice, simple. Could really use some images or videos though.
": After catching up with Game of Thrones it's safe to say it's impossible not to want a pet wolf"wish I had one right now
Laser hair removal has quickly become the best choice for hair removal because it is non-invasive & permanent!
its okayy, upload all of our pictures to facebook!
Searching for a 16-22 year old pop singer to join a pop group in Boston, MA. Email
Ask me if I like something
Will definitely post pictures! I had the best experience at They were so nice!!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: disabled vehicle Southbound I35 at 183
Welcome to Twitter, ! You and your #Indy radio goodness. :)
i'm such an awesome big sister, if i do say so myself...
"is it surprising that today we have become so morally blind that we save the baby whales cost,&murder millions of unborn children?"
It's the 2nd anniversary of your 21st! Make it a good one, old man :) : My last night of my life being #41. #42 - please be kind.
45 minutes bike ride , check !
Are you in NY now??
Thanks for the FF, Brian! How 'bout those CATS at BBM tonight!! Can't wait for season to start!
dude! You were amazing last night!! It was really great meeting ya :)
Beatriz Terrazas is a fellow Macondista. She and I were in a nonfiction workshop at the Macondo Workshop of 2008, but we didn't get a chance
One burb. Drivers seem to hate and ignore bikers. May be a commuting thing, too.
How is everyone
you have tried waiting on someone to give you something...that didn't work...now try going out there and getting it your own self!
The song closing time has been stuck in my head all day
Look at it this way, you've just doubled the topics you can talk about on your blog. ;)
Winner by 10s! RT : 20 years to get diagnosed w/ CD; really bad symptoms 4 the last three years
SHARE!!! Were you doing a booty dance on the bow of a yacht??
Thank you lord for loving me and creating me to realize things I never knew and I have a choice to be who I am to this day. I love u God
I saw you last night
seriously? Better? DENVER IS UNIQUE
A day like today calls for
nope never is. lol i went thru mine too. i like drama but the good kind.
Thanks for the RT!
No they aren't wasps there just the regular variety bee! Lol, they hve nest in desert they don't sting just annoying :/
Welcome to the newest member of the 2012 season: Ethan Timmerman (NEW) !!! Next?
Bahaha! RT : Just saw #Caps announcer Craig Laughlin. This mall has everything!
What why? its my birthday
I know all. LOL. From the 1st page of your music that u sent me to. It said Clutch. Dont worry, no Illuminati here. 100
I'm giving 45 min press next week #TIIP4P with 120 slides. (staff was concerned :)
Thank You God for blessing me with another day of life!!! Love to all the mothers across the world!!
RT turn-of-the-century manufacturing buildings become catalysts for development, economic growth.
Yes! Exactly. These leggings are awesomely childish :)
You would bring that back. You an expert at it now??😉
700 per min, or hour , day, week...we can find some demeaning work for you to do.
I work with a great line of facial products that could help you if that doesn't work....free consultation www.hairinthecity.me
Go to tonight! Pick up some groceries and grab some grub at food trucks. is pretty tasty!
And that's a life decision no one can question. At least today.
Lmao thanks asshole I love you too RT : happy mothers day you ugly creature. I love you😍❤
Today marks 5 years in Second Life for me. Some good projects done there, but sadly not enough.
T_minus 3 minutes, its funny i am 32 yrs old and every saturday i count down the minutes until a cartoon starts
LOL no. HAHHAHAA. but I did talk to him for a few! he seriously gives the BEST hugs! xD
hehe... your cool(;
Hope you had a good time.
Gotta keep myself busy or I think I will go crazy
Sorry you have been under some gloom. Sending you good "gloom-lifting" thoughts right now! Lifting....Lifting....Lifting...
Just saw this scruffy looking guy lmao
The more I become aware of my abundant inner nature, the more outer abundance will show up in my life,
mee too mahomie is legit my nickname my friends call me sarah mahone
RT Major storm is developing in SW today, will move from CA to CO today bringing 1-3' of snow to the Rockies!
1927-28 school year: Upper Arlington High School committee chose the name Golden Bears stating it was "attractive, representative & durable"
thanks for helping spread the word Daniel!
Kentucky, UNC, Missouri and Ohio St. - Kentucky winning. What are urs??
RT : lol. How u been << been well man.
Ready for shuttle flyby on the mall and Campus Beautification today!
Cant stop eating banana muffins cranberry i love em all
finishing projects and hitting SEND on the email button feels so good.
wyou can still send them of you want an i'll copy and paste them into the post =)
You can do anything you put ur mind to no doubt about it
@ timeout -- salsa performers on the court!.. national 100, american 97
touches little boys for fun.
I am all about multiple right answers and multiple pathways to them. Terrified colleagues, not so much :(
good...I'll keep my GBPJPY short then
OMG I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU CURSE! hearing you curse someone out was on my bucket list
I have countless vid of harassment from people I don't even know. Like WalMart of all places. And especially the VA Hospital here in Fargo.
Innovation Center ground breaking, #tsdemoday, & next class being formed. Exciting times in Boston! cc
Awee , Where The Baby ?": o i see i'm just coolin in the crib"
Me so hungry! Me want a little child holding a kite to eat! Nom nom nom
Sure hope #uk wins tomorrow. Pressure is on
yes indeed :D :D
SAY, WHAT? BEST NEWS EVER.
Had to get that money huh?
Manchester City fans skanking to Madness' One Step Beyond! So rad!
it's after 10 and I'm not tired.
yeah...? Not centered in the speakers. My engineer told me that.
yeah looks like a good movie.
oh hahaha yeah.. We're totally brother and sister. That awkward moment when...
“: #100thingsilove being treated like the princess that i am 👸”
Omg Costco craziness!!!
Do you feel comfortable in your own skin?
Really wondering why Cruz or Hammer didnt go an extra inning, esp with Lincoln unavailable.
Bummer! I have lost one before and it was safely recovered. I'll keep thinking positively.
good luck running The Boston today! Can't wait to read you're tweets after the race.
Good Tuesday morning. I proclaim today will be even better than yesterday (much)!
I've saved a table at #BWW and can't wait for the wifey to join me in her cute #Lions shirt to cheer me on!
Shout out to and who I met at. bday dinner. Y'all wish Kayki a happy bday!
good job!
Thanks man! Long time no see. Say hello to Alex and Joey for me.
Never ceases to amaze me how pro athletes act like they don't know what they out in their body. Shame on you Ryan Braun.
Good morning tweeters.
I know you got soul! SOUL NIGHT at The Hideout goes down tomorrow night. Get down 2 Bobby Byrd, Clarence Reid, Marlena Shaw + rare stuff.
will be at the power of women conference
I have you guys on reply all day! <3
Renaissance faire time :)
sometimes I'm afraid I'll lose it, throw the country A-K rack out on the street, go work a tower records and never look back.
It's getting incredibly exhausting to pretend that I have my shit together.
best reply I could ever get.
Its hard for me to drink this Frappuccino rite now..
times like this I really need you the most
lmao your welcome!! ;D
hey Betsy, thanks for following me!
When i saw austins girlfriend i tried to give her hug and then i ran into the mirror and realized it was me opps...
Should "FAX" be capitalized in a sentence? I'm, uh, asking for a friend.
Hoping Betty is not skinny this week on #MadMen. People prbly already did "Body After Baby" feature on
/ All the more to get you BUZd!
Buster in too deep with Clemens/Pettitte RT : Police: Olney double slaying may have been retaliation for testimony...
I'm a real deal, you know how I feel ;;
Then call me a rich woman. RT : "Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." - Ron Swanson
That's great! Keep up the good work- don't forget the other white meat too!
#Romney ads against #Santorum during #snl as if #snl viewers would even vote for Santorum. Or Romney, I suppose.
Look forward to having you!! RT Checking out tonight!
AGC named an official selection of the 2011 Hoboken International Film Festival
20 When Jared died he was 962 years old.
Yeah can't blame you there! I missed a ton of training because I was sick as hell! Anytime you need someone to box, let me know!
good bye california have a nice dam day
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times.
Sleeping is far greater than caring. Over this finals bs. Joining the circus instead, after a good night's sleep. Ok bye!
Preparing my grandmas house for today #HappyMothersDay ❤
I can taste
didn't just throw him into the fold. He has also benefited from circumstances. While he was injured, no one really imposed himself at that..
wheel selection for wheelchair?
The Food Stalker Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
no games, Browns have a new starter now who to throw to
Time for some baseball
"knock knock!""who's there?" "NOT SARA!" :D
I always call Region 10:
Let's do this!!
God Damn Jets trade for Tim Tebow you pieces of shit. Fuck you Denver, fuck you Tony Sparano and Rex Ryan, most of all FUCK YOU JOHN ELWAY!
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Stay On The Greenest Greens | Call Us Vegetarian |
you've got mail
Off to the to see the #MastersofVenice. Thinking about writing one of Diderot's hieroglyphs in front of Titian.
what is your user name?
Just saying hi. Hi! :)
jeff says that matt knows that there are butt demons
I don't have to lock my phone shit if I'm wit u lil mama ima let u answer my shit it's nothin I'm real wit mine
you know how to fold????
How was Coachella?
Looks like a great event.
I don't think you can prepackage someone else's success. It seems that he's trying to package one person's lightening in a bottle.
Lookin a little shakey on those skates Boomer. Wait, can I call you Boomer?
go see the cirque du soleil show if you can. 100% inspiring stuff.
Last day of 2011... so what's your plans for the day?
There's an easy way to save money and grow your business. Learn more about the SS&Si Dealer Network at www.SSandSi.com
Nothing like a SAC meeting to spice up your Monday night. Join us at 8 pm on Leavey 3.
Ur mistakes should be ur motivation; Not ur excuses
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy your evening! :)
Its almost Halloween weekend! Excited yet?
I agree. Rewriting is more than half the fun... And more than half the torture.
I will if we ever get tickets!
I will hold yoga donation class to fund CHNM
This is ridiculous....
let the water burn!
But I must shower first. I reek of 'work'.
the spurs got it this year mane
Hot milfs with fronch husband's. What a shame....
He's funny. He's adorable. He's sweet. He's loving. He's awesome. He's perfect. I didn't say a name, but he popped into your head didn't he?
I told Mike to word it different, and I dont know if that stock will go up tomorrow, I dont have any material knowledge
The sun is shining on Experience Naz Day! We hope you enjoy your day and decide to join the Nazareth family.
Upstaging is an art that is so often sold into the worst occupations, cheaply for money.
agreed! Journalists have no taste lol
just heard a 5 yr old stutter out, "video killed the radio star..." haha, awesome
Approved!! A reminder: Fall game is set for the 7th-11th of November.
heey I'm fine thanks! You?x
That's funny. Thanks for the insight, Nicole.
I'm going to miss her
ignore her, she's trolling for controversy.
Instead of using dyer, hang up your clothes outside on a line to dry.
Thats My Place Sweetheart, Some Where You'll Never Belong!
There's a reason for the end. It goes back to who the Cop represents. Thx for watching! We'll def sign up for the contest!
Life or if i'll drown I hope that u see right through my walls I hope that u catch me cause im already falling i'll nvr let r <3
lol first on my list would be Packer season tickets but just read don't bother list to long lol
S/O to my new followers go and follow them
Making head way in our company!!
Thank goodness we still have twitter!
You are awesome.
u kno i hate this song -_____- i saida top ta ta ta top ta ta ta ta top
thanks and you're welcome :p
It's a banana. If it was his penis, it'll be pointing. And pointing is rude. Haha
aw! well i hope things get better for u!♥
Yeah, officially postponed due to rain...
Looks like facebook's comment system has left the building.
try #Craze? IMO a smoother response than Jack3d, and two scoops is plenty lol
Could be sleeping right now
haha what's mean??
Green, white & gray m&m's for breakfast... the life of a girl!
Trying to edit but all i keep hearing is kathy shouting: Myspace! Trolls 2! Hahaha!
Dux Jones of FrontStreet Records from:
Thanks for the RT! 🙏
Dancing tonight.
#RedSox are disappointing me. If I wasn't jazzed up with #nattitude I'd be sadder.
can't wait for Jamie to get off work and see his surprise later!
ugh I can't get over how perfect tonight's episodes were :,)
1960 far from everything. I miss the Galleria area.
also crowns a santacon birthday
I just saw the same thing
I just wanna go home, tan by my pool, drink vodka, and sleep.
Zing MT : the USC football team went to class in full pads today. Assuming story is they went to class, not wore pads.
I bet we don't talk all day :/
I am loving the new Nike NFL uniforms
Appear like you're weak when you're strong, And strong when you're weak.
Stoked for #AWSEarthDay!!
Retooled Chevy Impala aims to shed rental-king image GM today will unveil the long-delayed redesign of the Chevrolet Impala, hoping to tr
Thanks Cindy! and welcome aboard! Do you have a skype account? If so could you add me? art.bwb
The silence makes me think too much :/
RT Man shout out to my bro you still my nigga for life bro
President Obama at #WHCD "I have to get the Secret Service Home in time for their new curfew" . LMFAO
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 45
Hungry den dem homeless niggas downtown
Showed up to be an extra for the fun of it. Shouldn't have mentioned I worked production… next thing I knew, production had stolen me.
Long hair, don't care.
OK NO SERIOUSLY WHAT CAN WE DO TO KEEP #COMMUNITY. Dan Harmon can we all collectively fund you to keep this going for Hulu?
PS: Tummy is feeling pretty much back to normal today. Obviously.
Yo you on Facebook?
Still haven't seen any guys getting hit in the nuts and/or face yet. WTF, Miller Lite and Bud Light?
Yay! I'll see you tomorrow.
what are we having for thanksgiving tomorrow? Each American will gain an average of 5 pounds during the holidays. Is that true?
Seattle, Washington :)
Lmao my mom is so strange she opens the door to my brothers room and stares at him then she goes "your here" lol
Thanks for the mention! via
i did.
So, when the fundraiser was in town on behalf of Keen, he couldn't get one commitment from a single church to help Christian TV in Las Vega…
Someone kill me now! 👧🔫
Songs that don't withstand daily listening for an entire summer: Hotel California.
I am being followed by the son of god!
One of the best rappers alive is mah son NAS
#safewayj4u A way to have relevant coupons delivered to you.
Omfg That Interview Was Tense e.e
what are you moving there for? School? Fam? work? love?
I love them so much!
Hold on to you's guys's butts. Kemler is now invading your Twitters. -Kemmler
All vinyl Afro-Latin set by DJ Josh Babbidge right now crushing
I wonder how many calories that is...
I hope and are doing work on hed look great in Blue and White!
Madrona wine shop & Spanish table!
Anyone else tried jumping between Logic, Live and Digital Performer? Now I have an excuse for being spaced out!
It's raining today...
How was the class? If you got the drive and the passion, you're already a b-girl!
June is just the cutest.
Jose Rijo had five Tommy John procedures before his career ended. That's unreal.
Great Win last night for the Oregon Freshman Baseball Team.....My Son.....CLUTCH!!
Guys do not put the hashtag #1DChicagoSigning in more than once, they will count it as spam!
holy crap how did I not think of the I've cream connection.
in japan there are vending machienes for that :-)
where u at hoe
has too many thoughts and feelings to fit into 140 characters.
That #Caymus will go good with a filet. Enjoy gentlemen!
oh their balls were clean. Mnm mm
I'm jealous of the fresh lettuce & spinach.....I've killed my lettuce seedlings twice this year.
People wearing short shorts while not honoring the great hero whose museum we r going to
Brother pisses me off he always does this shit -_-t
Pulling for the Bulldogs to upset LSU in hopes of mending fence with
Hey, guess what? You should follow me back! ;] Please
we need to!!
I can't believe he doesn't like me, I wish I could drive to him now, and make out with him :'(
College should not be treated exclusively as the NBDL. The system is being exploited by KY. #studentathletes??
One day I will remember earplugs.
I know right? Between tweets, TMZ, and huffington post, I'm done. Commit him already!
that's gotta be a uh interesting book...
Thug life
Apparently I stole David Bowie's bangs in the night.
looking forward to seeing my 8th grade students shine in the #petec12 student showcase tomorrow - ck us out 12:45!
Twitter is soo. Much better then facenook! #NoJoke you guys are my family. 143!!!!
should be interesting to see how things shake out
When my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice safe playpen. When they're finished, I climb out. ~Erma Bombeck
Watching da heat and new York game seeing how it gone to go
Linked data panel underway at #aam2012 with & P Harpring
I'm so happy lol
im tired af from drivin 8 hours and playin a full basketball game. i think i should sleep tonight.
For general information about Internet Essentials, Parents can call 855-846-8376 or, for Spanish, 855-765-6995.
..is something flying around the room...?? -evelyn mae
he played GOOD!
So I went to go buy new shoes for work and I ended up with a new pair of heels. Oh well their cute!
haha what do you teach?
I'm not sure. Flo Rida will also be on and Saturday Online said he is on next.
Another busy night tonight! See you all out for happy hour!
favorite band is
that's tough brother both terrific
I'm in Gasquet CA
Harbaugh: "I thought it was better than I could have dreamed because they understood the drill tempo."
Offical says that closed main freeway continues at Texas cockfight was found basement for a Man" and his?
Surely the most overused [bridge] phrase 2012: "That said..."
I'm currently working on a couple of scripts & a couple of my "sold" scripts will hopefully be made this year! Fingers crossed...
BOy des females selling theey panties on twitter whats the world coming to...smh
While I know construction is necessary, please note I work in North Brooklyn every weekend.
Drake isn't featured, so of course she's behind. Duh Amir, you know better than that.
If that was me writing A Nigga at 2 sone he would have tired to GET MAD BUT FUCK BECAUSE HE LOVE MAKING OTHA MF HAPPY
Its getting close to the end! Give to the Annual Fund and help RISD students with the end of the year!
u go girl! U can do it!
Burn them.
#NSTA speaker just posed a question wanting to know what we knew about owls.... They deliver the post, right?
Have a goodnight everyone
RT : "All of the good things that have come to me have come through my dog."-Dog owner overheard in New York's Central Park
Let me know when u on ur way here
“: oh shit, yea fuck em hahaah” sorry to randomly throw that in there but I saw Val and reminded me of the bs
Happy Thursday tweethearts, ya girl headed to pin ups... Shake wat ya mamma gave ya!!!!!
heyy boo;* i finally got one ;D
Which is why a balanced budget amendment would be a DISASTER if there was ever a natl security emergency.
Man im bored .
Good luck with your new site. I use a Wordpress template and it's pretty easy to update...
Pretty stoked about tomorrow but first I gotta make I through today.
Thanks for the shout out! We'd love to see for 99¢ Taco Tuesday!
Okay, I'm done. I think(:
lol do u hve school today?
Morning Rock from Chicago! Will you be making your way to The Windy City anytime soon?
for real! LOL
Sounds good! Lemme know so I can put in for vacation asap :)
I don't hate you because you're beautiful. I pitty you because you're pathetic.
Today 54 RSVP tutors will provide 100 hours of tutoring schools.
Metal hip implants to be checked
- I thought I saw one today. Didn't want to say anything, though.
dun you should have no problem
American Idol 2012 - Jessica Sanchez will be singing at the US CAPITOL PBS Memorial Day Concert
Out for the day! put on quite a show. Now to decide if I'll take her dare to graduate without pants on.
very welcome!
Do yourself a favor and stop at Joe's Hot Dogs on Steubenville Pike. Same great hot dogs they sell at Pens games and much more!
haha awesome, that is what we like to hear! Thanks so much Alejandro! :)
Do you know when you'll find out about the contest?
Its only been a few days and ive already run into some fakes.
It wasnt supose to be the joke of the day....but man im weak AF!..
First Kid is not as important a film as Houseguest. He brought a family together.
oh yeah?
Multi Vehicle Crash Affecting all Lanes on i-94 West Bound at MM 240 is slowing traffic. -WisDOT
How ironic would it be if gay Jews didn't get along with each other?
Pay me though.
Its okay take you on Jerry springer beat your ASS legally! :)
BEST CONCERT I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE!!!! Thank you and for a night I'll never forget!
We like RR's. Aren't considering them this time around... We wish we had a big farm and could take in 10 or 20 doggies!
i remember lmaoooo
He brings out the belt. I love it!! RT : Will Sheehey wins the dunk contest.
You are correct.
what a beautiful story.
just emailed some beats
You don't need to have a tax problem, but you do need someone to keep track of your spending before you get audited.
My life flashed before my eyes
gotcha. Maybe i'll be in town for it
At on my way to HOU to present #mobile strategy at #EUCI web self service conference.
Thanks to this fuckhead josh I got a b in English
Light Green Haze >:)
I love how you always mention Kansas in some way in your books. It's awesome.
You are an outgoing hermit? You're confused.
God will not want to know- 'What have you done with (name's) life?, He will want to know- what have you done with Your life?'
So much for that Pittsburgh stop... ": Final three shows of the Ashes & Fire tour starting tomorrow. Best tour of my life. ..."
I don't know what it is about the Fast and the Furious movies but I like them. A lot.
this feeling >
Starbucks or energy drink before work?
oh wow, nah i've only been there two weeks so i don't really know but I'll be sure to let you know
enjoyed the IPA, brown and stout so far
that just means football season is here!!!
but seriously going to make cupcakes bye yall.
At the John Waters show Walker. So much texture but cannot touch. The gallery guides r so good u want 2 touch even more.Tease.
One month to get tan, one month til the wedding
idk who hid the boot, but i like it. really turned my day around
hi! thanks for the follow and great to *see you again. SB
Boston has to get back to running their sets. Either that or the usual, Paul Pierce step back time.
Be trustworthy, n their's nothin I won't do For u...But betray me, n their's nothin I won't do To u¡
they are good staples. I also usually read maisy goes to th library to pk.
That is a chat itself!! Why so many? RT : Mayb cuz 74% of workforce is disengaged
Unfortunately, that flyer no longer is valid. Thanks for checking with us!
that might be an issue :)
Matt Brown with the Greensboro Coliseum is getting ready to take the podium.
I'm sorry... I don't mess with the rain I'll be liking like curly sue out in these streets
Cookin..gym..burning yep
Right back atcha! Everyone needs a little Monday kickstart :)
Thanks for the mention! We're glad you find us noteworthy.
When grows up he's gonna have 5945756 bajillion wifes. Just watch. lol
lmfao, I love that freaking word and I use it as much as possible.. Asshat :-)
Why did Jennifer Hudson's sisters 911 call need to be released to the public?
Matt Martin and Nicklas Grossmann exchange words and a shove after the whistle.
Game time! Geaux Tigers beat Texas tech!
Thought of the day.... if there's fate why does one fall for someone if they don't feel the same???
GO GO GO! RT : Everyone follow the nicest girl I've ever met and love 💜☺😍💟🔴❌⭕❌⭕
Still can't believe my roommate doesn't like watermelon.
U know me.. just doing my thing :) RT“: You are hilarious and I miss you. How are you?”
Please send us any vampire Flashmob ideas asap :)
if it helps Mike we can call it fútbol
“If companies aren’t innovating and growing, they’re dying,” 's reason for Tuesday’s Innovation Summit at #Kodak Biz Park
I'm sure he remembers you both fondly.
oceanside tomorrow goodnight!
I started crying your voice is just soo beautiful.<3:)
With my baby's father. I'm glad he is stepping up and realizing how precious of a person im carrying inside me
Speaking with Dr. Einat Wilf from the Israeli Knesset right now! radiokolamerica.com
Rascal flatts concert tonight :-)
Look at you guys mot!!! All up in my mentions!!! Lol
all this week has been feeling like an Friday to me lol
<3 I seriously love the happy vibes that come from u lol ur like my own happy drug! :-* I miss your cute face more! Whatcha up too!
Bikes and families are assenmbling for #TourDeThursdays with
Thanks for the comment, we definitely packed a lot of #adobebc functionality into the website. What is your website?
Much deserved praise to David Fisk & Jocelyn Adelman (Richmond Symphony - ) for their incredible concert at the VHM tonight!!
Can you imagine managing your own local telephone company? Request our business proposal.
no math ask
Why are there only hot white girls in the pool at the #homerunderby? That's racist, sexist, sizist.....all kinds of ist!
THANX 4 all your suggestions ill check em out keep listening - have a great day
Good friends are good for the soul. Thanks for lunch And for being you. Always a pleasure :)
Follow my friend , new up and coming #salesman & #MarketingGuru for #LegendaryMarketing, about to be doing big things!
Now following
Whoa, the new upload interface is pretty snazzy.
All dat D?
Thanks! It was great meeting you this morning.
RT : Meant to tweet this earlier but go check the Keith Haring exhibit out.
Fakestevejobs cracking me up at
Beautiful day for a drive to sd to visit the fam.
hi bob how r u? ty for accepting my fb req talk soon i hope
I start it when I wake up. Kush, got my eyes pushed, down. Get my bake up.
okey(: let me know when. GAHHHHHH IM EXCITED
breathe in the good air, breathe out the bad air ...
I think pat responded to your tweet
O, I'm sorry! Feel better!
Thanks so much!!!
my tweetpic didnt post last night... weird. anyways, have fun at the
ohh gosh, but you have met him 3x! :D
lmao!!!!!! Hang in there!
they are rare in my life!
lol no but atleast i fought back cx there was like about 15 of them im not even exagerating!
Are you thirsty on this fine Thursday? Stop by our Doral Bar for a cold drink and great food.
What do I do now.
This is way more than I could ever pay. Conferences for me are about 1/6 that.
Ouch! The Trap snapped directly on the little guy's head
Hahaaha what did say that made you say "NO?"
No doubt. Too bad #Francona may lose his job over it. How are the baseball lessons going for you?
Cadets be eyeing me while I eye them while they eye me.
curtain call for bryce harper he acknowledges crowd with No. 1 sign to 1st and 3rd base sides
I've got as my friend on etsy. Who else is out there?
American Idol - Elise made an excellent song choice. Started out ok and was awesome in the chorus. Well done.
That car would be an awesome ride!
Thanks for coming in, Jesse! We hope you're enjoying this afternoon in Baltimore!
oh my :D we thuggin!
♪The Shame of Quantum Physics - Used To It
I noticed me an have like a similar twit con haha
going away for the weekend =]
LOVE MAKES YOU LOVE THE THINGS YOU ONCE HATE - hyacith aguas
I mean, sure I have a ridiculous amount of stuff to do, but I can always pencil in a nice migraine. No problem.
I was sleeping and he kicked me out ugh
I call that a good start, now get me 3 more #chicago and preferably the next 3
that awkward moment when you look outside and your neighbor is staring straight into your bedroom window
well I'm sorry for everything :/
That boredom
When people try and make fun of you, and you make them come out looking like a dumb ass.
I generally can't sit through romcoms. Though, I did enjoy "I'm Through With White Girls" and "Sprung"
95% of my mentions are for
Wednesday after work it's a good mid point in my week
Sorry, not yet. Soon. RT Do you guys sell/distribute 5gal kegs of your Krankshaft? I'd love to have that on tap next.
"Politics as usual..."
Night all! Sleep well!
I can't sleep.
RIP Dick Clark. New years eve won't be the same with out you!
I am otherwise occupied as a purple duck, or a mountainside or a quarter after three. Who said it?
Thanks for coming by tonight, man. Safe travels back to Seattle.
RT : I don't see why we're talking about this composite thing when clearly the big thing is Obama's letters are HORRIBLE
RT for a name tag :)
lol that's a shame
Nosotros Live at The Martini Tree in Taos Ski Valley, New Mexico this Saturday, February 11th, 4:30PM
Often the only difference between a dream that comes true and one that doesn't is a person that wouldn't give up and one that did.
Oh the HAT is definitely historic! maybe even pre-historic!
RT : RT : Lmfao RT This nigga said my sons black and white I should have named him keyboard *Dead*
Galaxy phones power Samsung to record $5.2 billion profit
Just saw the remake of "The Thing". This time they used real Norwegians :) I liked it a lot, but my favorites are sci-fi/alien movies
The day follows me is the day I die of happiness !
bro you not even following me
RT RT@ SEACityLight: Queen and Magolia affected by outages. 10,666 cust out, no know cause or Est Time of Restoration at this time.
It was NR that really led the charge in getting Trent Lott demoted. (And even #Derb does an "immodest proposal" shtick.)
Assume that's a typo, though sure Handler will be "out there". Maybe even "far out"?
Lmfao lowkey, shit had to many calories :/ lol but it's so bomb💚💚
Last night attended reception for photographers using Hipstamatic at GRIFFIN/DIGITAL SILVER & gary knight in attendance
Everybody beat him with your batons! Oh they're rubber? Use your fists!!!
Did I really just see "Random House" misspelled in my library's OPAC? Really? REALLY?!?
I know I feel sick
Srsly tho if i had a clone i'd force it to have sex with me and then i'd kill it. U know why.
beautiful barcelona
They vary. I only work 3 days per week there, so I still do my thang the other 4 days of the week. When is the baby due?
Packing up my entire room over the next two days. But didn't I JUST move in here?
tony allen is a scrub who cares if he's fouled out put gil in!
thanks for the RT xo
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter. I am looking for experienced RoR developer. Are you open to new oppourtunities?
you thought you were slick today huh lol
That's pretty sweet.
Hangover 2 was good. I tip my hat to them- making an acceptable sequel to a great movie
I just bathed in #SoCal sun. Magical.
Sometimes I think I did too good a job shaping my kids' sense of humor.
Back and forth overtime. GO RUNNERS!
Bryce Harper just went Yard, my life now has a sense of purpose...
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead!
ohh right sorry I just keep forgetin
Tix are on sale for our Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will B there, like
Hope the History Czar brought you some luck on your history exam!
This lizard in my backyard is a show off! Its doing push ups no lie legit push ups
If you ain't first, you're
You aint slick YOU aint slick...
Very soon tho (:
8 then working the race results/medals! RT : What wave time yall doing ? & I are doing earliest wave!
let's get shirts with stars on them.
Lebron misses two key free throws...
Right.! Oh Well We Cant Do It
Doubling student interest rates on loans guaranteed by the government is DUMB policy.
Home Bank received READERS CHOICE AWARED 2011 by Beach & Bay Press
No answer....
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment
i love that movie!! Thanks for the heads up :)
And my dream of Wisconsin playing Marquette for the championship is dead.
B i wanna do it with u where u doing it at RT : I hear ya. I'm on day 4 of Insanity and it really is insane lol
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed if you’re using Facebook as your company’s main website.
so where are we meeting up??
Im bored af
Facebook's photo tab is literally my best friend right now for creeping on all these prom pics
My absolute fave! I am making some tomorrow! My mom will crack up when I tell her what I am making....she made THE BEST!
First try at strawberries. They turned out good I do admit.
- I'm bad at this - ack - Yes, it is BM's job, i haven't seen his show recently, just the scuttlebutt online. thenirunoutofroom!
nice avi. Damn you thick👍
Have faith in me.
Sharing is caring :)
So. Who loves me? I'm needy tonight....:-) <3 Moriah
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. -Edith Wharton
Boston U community mourns loss of 3 classmates: Pinheiro told the few hundred who gathered at BU's Marsh Plaza on Saturday night that...
making beds, dusting, vacuuming, filing, recycling...just another Saturday morning while my wife is off doing yoga
I feel so close to you right now
TGIF! (Ticklish Giants Imbibe Fanta!)
Bank of America sees end to banking crisis
she is so awesome!
Hurry up Friday! Looks like the road to Loretta Lynn's starts sunday at washougal. WFO994
Are you coming to Baltimore Green Works' 4th Annual Winter Green Meeting & Happy Hour tonight? 6pm @ Red Maple Wish we could make it!
New synthesized tune coming soon. Keep your eyes peeled.
Nick Fairley is the man
IU will play North Carolina in the Big Ten ACC Challenge this season.
#livegive i just like the regular and it burns when my lips are too dry lol
#uppers And, isn't the seating interesting. He could have put Alexis across the table. Instead, next to him.
Pageant judging tomorrow...yay! Back on the pageant map! And Party map! So many girl's nights out planned starting tonight! :)))
I hate the way fleece feels...
Good morning! It's early, but it's okay if you plan on going to Starbucks, which I do.
hey matthew - would give it at least 10 days if your'e in the US. send us a note if you still don't get them!
"WITH THE ECONOMY IN TURMOIL, NOW IS THE TIME TO START INVESTING IN ONES SELF AND HAVE AN OPEN MIND TO OTHER BUSINESS VENTURES!"
Guess who's going to be on Fox 5? =)
bc it looks funny lmao!!! Love ya
Its official- I don't follow sports at all, had no idea that OKC had a basketball team. Formerly the SuperSonics? no sports for this
Cauldron parade stream kept losing connection whenever i would try to record.
... Thx to for that insightful post, which I felt the need to dust off.
I will never buy an Audi again. I should have never defected from BMW :-(
Is she house trained lol
Now I feel better ...
I hate the feeling of passing through the censors when I've stollen alot of shit.
Wish I could skate today
Happy Birthday Sasha!! I hope you have a great day!! =))
Just had a 15 minute phone call with about the attitude you need to succeed as an actor. Great motivator, check him out!
great to hear! Hopefully, longer trip next time. Maybe, one day we will meet up.
any reason I can't launch links into opera anymore?
Instead, stupid Yahoo shit!
*canters my head to the side* What's Lemonade?
Reminds us of how many times the Bible commands people with the word "NOW" never "later" when blessings expected 2B.
killed it tonight! Thanks for signing my drivers license
Dear Patron, please dont ask me how to adjust the volume on the computer when you have 4 tabs of pr0n open in full view.
Money isn't real
Richtofen Sim v.1 and Wolf Scribe Sim v.1...I'll post pictures later *yawn*
Ha! Thank you. The site just launched last week actually. I'm coming up 5/16 and I'll bring the camera.
Hour 2 of the show is happening now. Troy is talking college football, #NFL, #Marlins, #Heat and more. Call him now!
We need new Josh photo shoots. Not just pictures by paparazzi and not glamorous shoots. Chilled, laid-back ones.
Who else but quagmire!!!!
yeah..... so are we considering this Steelers/Rams game?
Those nights where you just want to cry your eyes out for no reason .
Thank you for the holiday goodies! Everything is delicious.
I so LOVE Howard Stern best episode I've seen in a really long time!!!
Speaking of celebs they just showed Gilad Shalit at the State Cup match
Cong. B'nai Shalom is in Westborough, MA - not that other strange spelling below!
I've taken to using 'who' when writing about animals, and most editors have agreed.
Watching the Kentucky derby like a boss
I just got my nails done :)
Video coming?
My baby just smiled at me for the first time! #HappyMothersDayToMe :)
Im so tired :O i was on the phone forever last night.........
Headed to set for a late night shoot
thank you! Hope you have a great Holiday Season!
Thanks for the follow. I'm REALTOR looking good contractor Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
. I dont think there will be any good DE left at 19. Dont trust these guys in mid round for impact
Bit subjective there. I'm sure you could get any guy who played any sport to say it's the BEST.
thanks, that's what I thought
Thanks for the mention Laurean. Still overcast out, but a good Tueday as well. Nice meeting you :)
It's been way too long. I miss you! I need to come back to LA soon!
Enjoying a delicious pre-theater dinner of a protein bar and pretzels.
so glad its friday my fam is in town cant wait to live it up!!!
you're so lucky!
and that is all that matters. is that you learned and dont do it again.
What butter and whiskey will not cure there's no cure for. -Irish proverb
RT Hey fans, go follow and Thank you so much
Eliminate stress. Book your vacation getaway to an exotic tropical location and save big! Incredible values, don't wait. www.FreeXpedia.com
Thanks for the update, Paul. I'll follow the thread. We're probably going to have a major reorg, so I was curious...see you soon!
Work was not a good enough reason to get out of bed today, yet here I am
yes I do and don't let anyone tell you different either :)
Anyone else listening to this 14 yo who does what I do in FL? It's on
talking to my buddy
Listening to Black Rain by #Soundgarden. What a jam.
lol! Don't listen to a thing they say about me! Most of it isn't true!
LOL at my illiteracy!
George Bevan speaks about "Reflectance Transformation Imaging for Ancient Historians".
Packers sign first round pick Nick Perry...
ok good. see you soon!
RT IRS Commissioner Shulman: 33,000 people have participated in the voluntary program on offshore tax evasion
: That's because the War Powers Act was passed on 4/1/1973.
Anger has engulfed my soul.
shiitt chilling lol looking for work , my broke ass smh
renewal is a good thing! hope you have great classes today! :)
One thing I will say is this team is getting bigger
haha we will(:
I'm very proud of you, Sabrina. Keep it up!!!
If #Gingrich would drop out now, maybe #Santorum could give #Romney some competition. If not, he won't be stopped.
#sla2011 #dsoc Ellen Lytton speaking on getting to know yr partner/ customer before the deal is done (emerg markets).
I am too fat to wear bodysuits and tight dresses. This sucks.
I miss you too!
2 annoying patron calls back to back. It's time for lunch.
Thank you too all my followers for support 400+ #ImaGroupatic ,
and sour
who do I need to beat the shit out of?
So not funny Cal!!!!
I have 474 photos of Lily and the eggs haven't even hatched yet.
welcome. i am a packer fan/packer fansite writer.
RT : Make Friday "Pizza Night" in your house! Include #healthy toppings like onions, mushrooms, peppers, olives, broccoli...
No problem. Can't wait to see your tweets!
smh a test is more important than a school fight ha
Why stop now -bustA chris brown misy elliott.....goes hard asfuhhhhh
rain and flurry. I forgot mine too.
Instagram kicks twitters ass
you must not understand psykic animals at all!!! READ THE BIOS ABOUT US ON OUR SOCIAL NETWORKS!!
I want Danny McBride to play you in the movie.
Coffee time, kids.
Looking at it now. Cool. Had CG from PBC as speaker on Concrete5 in my CMS class a few weeks back.
lol goodnight “: goodnight baby face(:”
TIRED OF SCHOOL GOIN TO SLEEP
Rules Book and GHIN buttons make free GolfWashington app worth downloading even if you don't golf in Washington!!
Would you rather have sex with a famous person.. or a threesome with 2 normal people?
Great turbo kick class tonight! Another packed house:)
Anyone else not really getting the #80plateschallenge? Man this show is weird.
hey you little tit munch!
Sunday, a day of rest, relaxation and
Go figure Lauren Conrad likes one of those hideous camera straps.
LS 1426 would like to take this opportunity to wish all of our followers a Happy n Prosperous New Year! Look out for bigger n better things!
Happy Birthday Casandra!! Hopes you have a High birthday! :)
M13 tonight at Quenchers!!
My head hurts and it's been hurting for a while now. '-.-
Listening to Lil' Wayne at
gotta be honest. I'm all twisted that I prob won't make it to pow wow cuz I only have a one-off in Atl on the 5 :(
Sitting thirty floors above rising waters now rain hits our windows
TEACHER: Why are you late? ME: Because of the sign. TEACHER: What sign? ME: The one that says, "School Ahead, Go Slow."
Just tell Dashama I referred you and I will see you in Bali in a couple mths! So excited to meet you!
When you find those people that change your life FOREVER. Ya we love those guys:)
#Top100Lies "I have read and agreed to the terms of service"
GO PATRIOTS !!! Use coupon code Patriots at checkout and enjoy $4.00 of for all your orders placed today.
I clicked follow but it says cannot follow this user don't know #wHy???
Aw how sweet of Bruno Mars he's goin to give his award to his mom in Hawaii
Evah? And you're making fun of me on Twitter.
Hand for hand, 10 left, 9 pay
I hate having the last text in a covo .
good luck and beat that pansy also known as Edge
Crazy feeling Man mixed emotions suck lol I know Gods doin a work but ima need him to stir it up already so they can Blend together lol
Thanks for the plug. Been wondering about that one. Now I know it's a must.
I Got A Massive Headache &'nd On Top Of Dhat I Think Im Havinq Contractions But Its Nothinq Serious Thouqh!
ahaha fail. I just complained to bdubbs on their website..and imma read then sleep now! Yay for waking up in 8 hours!
lets get that first tweet.
theres so many of ur fans in NY! when i try to buy a ticket there r no more! and i get so upset, i want 2 rip a head off doll
Like the sketchy old man with the ancient video camera in your front yard..
Thank you! Have an amazing day! xoxo
Beyond talent lie all the usual words: discipline, love, luck --- but, most of all, endurance. --- James Baldwin
Let it be known that if i win, i'll finance your brewery and I will build a bridge paved with hops to connect boulder to indy.
Buzz Las Vegas KCEP Power 88.1FM (702.647.3688) and request "New Beginnings" this morning! Music saves lives...
I'm a dancer. Dats all I wanted to do in life. How am I suppose to dance in a wheelchair :/
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 8
Taking time to be grateful for the opportunities flowing in. Thank you Universe!
I love you jerk ass nigga
Money Saving Tip #31: Try generic brands of items you buy regularly.
U guys had to sacrifice one and it was his time lmfao
Sometimes pickup ultimate disc in the Bay = fun competitive game. But sometimes a mom brings her kufi-wearing 7y old to play. #&hewaswhite
Countdown to #SandraCisnerosSymposium 7 days left. Lots of planning to do.
Q: Did you use anything to rinse off the citrustrip after using the razor/scrubber, or just wipe off? Thank you!!
Forecast for Friday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. Northeast winds around 5 mph.
Hanging with part of my 2nd family having fun!!!!
