We are all in the gutter, but some are looking at the stars.
it's not my shower.... I don't have to clean it.
Thanks so much for coming out to see us!
When working on your interactive projects, good rule to follow: the interaction must be clear!
Apologies, we just accidentally tweeted a closure notice we were scheduling for Patriots' Day. We are still open!
thank you guys at New Light for the push
No! He's too gentlemanly for that. Next tweet explained: they were drunkly yelling, he gave her a refund from his own wallet.
Follow 's tweets for some rowdy rhetoric from the D.C. Council.
#MHTA is moving to the Grain Exchange building downtown this summer... 4th floor, near
RT:#blackparentsquotes- slap . DIDNT . slap . I . slap . TELL . slap . YOU . slap . TO . slap . CLEAN . slap . UP ? MOVE YA HAND ! slap LOL!
Hello! What Are You Doing?
My #IdealBirthdayLineup would be a performance from
yay! step one to world domination is to find the starbucks by the sky bridge in downtown Houston. :) see you soon!
You are awesome, Wendy! I'll keep you posted. :)
... I THINK THE "WORLD" NEED AN OFFICIAL #TEAMYCB MIX TAPE
T i love your the new hypeman of the crew dont think i didnt watch the pst game speech lol!! im with team
BOBS YOUR UNCLE: another way of saying "its that simple" Turn right then left, youll see a sign and bob's your uncle. ^haha
if he was legit in the camp... same thing!
I never thought it would be easy...
I hope this Hoopin thing comes thru!
thanks for the follow!
Finished score and parts today for Hitchcock/Herrmann rehash piece for Ensemble Klang. Time to take a break...
sure, im not worried about the citizens of Lone Jack throwing arms
Yea you gone need it to board that plane. Don't forget or they gone tamper with ya meat in security
Super excited to work with a fabulous new lighting designer for #pbtenpointe on Sunday!
tryna get to you and that
*clears throat* Um, did I just hear you on CNN encourage people to be nasty to you on Twitter? :-)
My moms laughing at friends like its the first time she's seen it
yea i know i say we go start a mob and take those skin heads out. Better yet u wanna make it a date lol :-)
Do my boys pull it out 2nd half?
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
Feeling really good after my morning run. I've been missing this feeling. Hope my body holds up to regular running now. Wish me luck!
Reading is so relaxing when you're actually reading a good book.
Won my tennis match tonight :) JV 3 I think yes! ;)
Getting ready for my new Saturday golf routine. This is my time.
Family Guy is still hilarious
WOO HOOO! With those nice people that you liked? YIPPEE!
The Lotus position is not for us Nordic types
Congrats to and the Internationalists for "Make me talk or make me drink"! Hilariously written and performed in real time!
The cougars in this place make me muy uncomfortable.
People are being so loud next door that I can hear them perfectly over my headphones.
no lol in fact I'm looking forward to Saturday !!! House of Blues !!!
the campaign..
Getting prepped for a new season with new song selections... stay tuned for some creative music ideas for your wedding/event!
Could the "Bowl Games" be any more boring? I mean seriously
Application Development Manager - Perm Direct Hire - 90k -110k - Looking for a Leader / Manager who can make quick decision and stand on hi…
I'm beyond done with my job. Smh...
Dam that sounds good!!! Can you make me one too
give the shirts away!!!! Take a lesson from #Zappos Delivering Happiness!!!!
I see it I didn't at first!
I want Chic-fil-A right now, but I'm in the north.
sure, you're alternative was not going to college? They're not protesting the loan but cost of ed & borrowing for it.
That's because porn always has a happy ending.
To msnbc Chris Matthews and Those Religious Nuts Cretin I mean Christians Right the Muslim was attacked by United States Iraq, Iran, Tripoli
Cyclocross today... Participants and spectators are already arriving. Come on out for some fun in the mud.
Thanks for the awesome resources!
jk baby simpson
Training this girl is like talking to a wall...same questions every single freaking day.
"She is healthy, transformed, her natural color has come back. She is staring out w/ an expression of awed wonder."- ANNA CHRISTIE
Why is the cow mad????
2 more hours !! damn cant belive gonna be back in my second home again !
The potatoes have landed in Oven City with the chickens...
What area of town? I can keep my eyes peeled...
It's a fine line between "rustic presentation" "lazy" and "ugly", isn't it now?
Austin's gonna be at the north star mall today. Too bad I live in louisiana :(
I told ju to text me!!
The Daily Shows Jon Stewart in DC June 16 for Bob Woodruff foundation dinner
this is for work:)
I have come to a conclusion! lol we definitely need to hang over the summer!!
: Creating is what we do. Lets see exactly what you need and go from there.
if she is the right person, SJSU
NIGHTMARE ALLEY explains why magicians are always men -- women brought up to call attention to themselves, so misdirection effects unnatural
So glad to be home!! Nothin quite like sleepin under the parents roof again, Nothin!
RT #TBLonELLEN !!!!!!!!! GET ON YOUR SHOW ASAP! THEY NEEDA DANCE WITH YOU!
We're having a great time with our show We are meeting really interesting people from all over the country and world.
Month of rain? My plants wouldn't know what to do with that much water.
How can a person talk about themselves that much.
아니에요 (^-^)/ The song was very catchy = )
Mr Ross wouldn't dare score on you would he??
Glad they kept Friedrich over Pomeranz. However, I'm biased having seen him throw a bunch in high school. Great CB.
great day in brek. amazing fans! team rsh in control. one to go.
I know what you talkin bout YOKIMAH
This is quite silly. School and all.
You're amazing.
Why couldn't this have been the early game tomorrow so I could've slept through it?!?!
Agree. Too many TV options these days to keep folks around for that long.
Word of advice... If you schedule a meeting with a potential client and you do not call or give notice of cancellation, all around bad biz.
A good day for commencement @ the Shrine.
Our Last Minute Special for Saturday, March 3rd:
“: If you entered the contest back in April we are reaching out now. Check your Facebook! <
MDSLKTR excitement building
A woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon. ~Arnold Haultain
do you plan on having people on the mixtape with u. ''Feat.'' Or do u plan on making you own solo mixtape?
It will get better.
Yippie it's my birthday tomorrow. 🎂😒
John Legend & The Roots performing The Boss' Dancing in the Dark was simply amazing.
Except Google will be looking at everything you store there.
wow sabs way to hate me, Sry I'm not cool enough for you
Thanks for the mention, Phoebe. We've contacted several places in Tampa and will update you. Hope to have GTG sold there soon!
back at ya!!!
There's a time for every soul 2 fly; it's in the eyes of every child. It's the hope that u can save the world + we should never let it die.
Don't fall for words fall for actions
absolutely. Engage first, link second. So much has come from interacting with peeps. Like me and CC, friends 4EVA
I love so much. She is the most beautiful girl in the world
Did u know that from 12ft the pros make 30% and amateurs 15%? Anything is possible and also important to know the facts
thank you that's what I thought I needed to check out! Advantages that you can blast messages too?
Did TV cave to the power of #Duke basketball? Read about it here-www.USSportspages.com
i'm going to see horrible bosses!!!! time for a large coke and butter popcorn!!
and I literally just screamed when Bon Iver won.
my critical thinking muscles are on break right now.
L O L
Thanks for following! Currently giving away a free night stay at the SpringHill Suites! Retweet our last tweet to be entered in the drawing!
There are way too many songs about getting high and drunk to solve your problems.
Can't wait to make a hole-in-one this year at summerfest, even if it costs me a good $100
please please please follow me please andrea
Rehberger: from Matrix, a digital humanities center at Michigan State U. - sits between history and anthropology.
Things are going great! is a hot club! Do you do remixes as well?
Yes, there is.
"Can Owen Wilson survive The Coup?" Whoa - Why is Boots Riley upset with Owen Wilson?
Cardinal Dolan is on twitter
I mailed in my paper application just as they were transitioning from paper to online. :-/
Cxx's get uber money for failing. How is that fair.
Gotta shout out for holdin it down at UW's Ethnic Cultural Theater. We love it when hip-hop has important things to say.
Happy Birthday Mom! We love you! Thanks for sticking up with our obsession with movies all these years! Love, Brandon & Collin
The single most powerful asset we all have is our mind. If it is trained well, it can create enormous wealth...
BTW we need to practice soon! Got a gig coming up Sept 3rd!
It may sound like an unlikely combo, but it's pretty much perfect.
I wrote your name in my book ,your last name my first im your miss's <3
Awe my niece Mackenzi is ONE today!! Happy Birthday little one.. Auntie Loves you!!!!!
lots of phone calls to the newsroom about lights in the sky...apparently it's the Northern lights. Do you see anything?
Interested in all my reactions to the transition from clearing up one job and starting 2012 with a new job.
the baby on yur icon is beautiful !
Great jewelry too!
#thatawkwardmoment when announces hes still single.....but youre clearly dating him....
I know! I've been so shady. I'm working on something other than my social networks and youtube.
Getting the worst possible anxiety with Camille driving a car.
This is grind time fam.... No more fuckin around. Ready to take shit over
"Conversation with the artist: Wilbur Niewald" takes place at 6 p.m. Jan. 20 at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art. (see previous post)
Late night phone call<3 (;
Absolutely! As far as Tuesday's Timbers - Dynamo match, I'm game if you are.
and now all that's left is cleaning up the pinata and eating what's left of the 6' party sub.
First two shows are over. Now to Katharine Kidd presented by Jon Mayer :-)
Excellent use of hashtaggery.
A perfect day to sit on The Queen's heated patio and enjoy the complimentary street theater. *Spare change not included.
Welcome to the Green Bay #Packers!
"The little things you do every day, for the ones you love, is the best proof of love" ~ #quote rt
Full house at the #drush session.
Prison Break is such a dominant show
IK... and ARE THE GREATEST CURRENT SUPERSTARS!!!!!!!!!!!
Idk. Did Diamond work today? What time are we going out?
and i'm gonna ask to adopt louis.
. Phantom Learning: schools rare, info abundant. "Omnipresent" digital layer via AR, e.g. Google Glass . Rise of MOOCs
"Bobby. Doggin It." If you know, you're probably sore. LOL
thinking of you! Hope you're having as much fun as me! Love you!
Somebody should bring me to church. :O
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy but you're never getting my number so go away already.
I will after finals .......promise
RT Peyton Manning will work out for #Broncos today at Duke University. Indoor facility, as of now. Part of process, per sources
FOCUS = Fixed Ongoing Concentration, Unlimited Success
You're gonna live Casey. Extremely underrated. Can do it all.
uhmm I havr no clue o.o
lol right you know my saying.. Im doing better then most
Hawaii visitor spending climbs 19 percent in March
it would eliminate the need for a j******k on apple devices
Skaters hunting for area ice time
Documentary fans! Give a quick follow to our docu-comedy and help spread the word of indie documentaries!
15min power naps are the best! I feel so much more alive!! How about you?
Hey we use a symbolic 'whistle' as real one might hurt client's ears :) Last wk heard person say bacon is key 2 good taste!
The guys got the trailer! (: Which means tour!
R.I.P. Willies Pinchos !
we're rather pleased with ourselves ;)
“To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art” - Francois La Rochefoucauld
Always glad to meet another pro-lifer on Twitter. Our goal is to equip and enable people to defend the pro-life position well.
heyy I heard you were a wild onee 🎶
really interesting conversation with the sharp and engaging evette cardona brothers fdn about evidence-based decision making + more!
Just finished #c25k week 2 run 3 with #GetRunning – 29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running. Next run: Monday 16th.
Thanks for the nice words :) !! Have a great weekend !
holler at your boys!!
got mine per-ordered yesterday, email said it would be here next Fridat:)
So ready for #AllAccess today with
absolutely! appreciate the support!
“: The city has serious spring fever. Love and lust is everywhere.” raaarrr
I love Caiola's for brunch. Dinner as well. Consistently great.
am jealous! Great restaurant. We need one on this side of the water! Enjoy :o)
Unfollowed Me, What Up With That? I Thought We Were Bros :)
" The prank I just did on should be on punk'd !!! Lol #PrankOfALifetime" I'm shaking LOL. I hate you!
Updating the policies for the Cloud - "Don't screw it up" #usinno I'm not so convinced that won't happen Internet will become like cable TV
Lost Moose Lodge Ellijay Georgia Vacation Rental Envision Virtual Tours HD Video - wooden soap dishes
I'm always down. Im basically running a hostile, or a brothel, whichever you prefer. It would be great to kick it old school.
5. my iPhone.
One of the best features of Google's Ngram UI is the simple way it lets people share their ngrams via URL.
Did I mention how much I love my support system?
you going to the rose bowl?
Lifes based upon sacrafices, give one thing up & get one in return.
M...pre red-eye beers and fattening food....
mate. so remember what i said i'd do to harry and niall. i would do that to you too :3
“: the bacon grilled cheese was good! automatic pickle is a nice perk.” what's a lunch without chips and a pickle right :)
how are you honey ?
Keep on keeping on. Nathan Mihelich, Savant Multimedia, LLC.
with "Dangerous Liasons" wigs and the Blackbeard wig/beard, I officially declare this to #18thcentury week at the CWC Headquarters
She's for real -__-
Ahaha! You should! :]
hoodrat bitches talkin shittttttt......bye bitch we will kill you
Today is the best day of my entire life. Thanks be to God
lol, hopefully they will bring you! And okat and whaaa?
Thanks so much britney!
Let's go WI badgers vs. Syracuse. We want to go to the elite 8!!!
Awesome! Can you get me the details or Sterling's contact info? Then I'll get it to my client's niece who lives over there!
If i could wake up just 60 minutes earlier, i could have breakfast
Talk about TNA, The Rock promo was meh I would much rather hear you guys talk about tna.
I do #NoShaveNovember even though I have nothing to grow...(: but I'll do it with you also! It will be super nasty + fun :D
Third IS a charm #Pubcon!
About to work out.
here come the haters,
#smbhou Klout is a very rough tool. Some truly influential folks have really low scores and vice versa.
Thank you for your kind words and generous feedback...
This is my twitter. There are many twitters like it but this one is mine.
no its been the usual poop schedule haha
THIS WILL GO PLATINUM J. RIMES ALBUM VEGAS PREMIERE VIDEO FOR HIT NEW SINGLE "ANGELINA" COMING SOON!
tell me it on a mention
is working on 2 new youtube videos this weekend
Whitney and Ray Jay are back together again ain't that something
so nice
There go the people. I must follow them for I am their leader. Alexandre Ledru-Rollin
Say you love me the most... Well I love you the moster...
I just ate way too much cake
Dreamed I ran into , he laughed at one of my jokes. Best morning ever! Then I went to fight a team of evil twins and bunnies.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE YOU HAD A GREAT DAY!!<3
"Train, don't strain" A Lydiard
Q: did you hear the energizer bunny was arrested? A: he was arrested for Battery! <<evil laugh>>
RT : No, you're not in control. LOL // I knew it!
have you ever watched Black Books? Remember when Manny gets 'The Little Book of Calm' stuck inside of him?
“With any part u play, there is a certain amount of urself in it. There has to be, otherwise it's just not acting. It's lying.” Johnny Depp
so amazing to learn that you did the track to Fez. i loved loved loved Obsidian Interstellar ...
I'm the most under the radar artist in the game. Most people that become aware of my music is instant fans.
The awkward moment when you tweet about butt dialing and 5 seconds later someone butt dials you hahahahah!
Happy birthday Molly ( ) you're destined to become a starcatcher. Just kidding. Happy birthday!
aaaaaawwwwww yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhh. Oh and your CAPS comment made me actually laugh out loud.
I'ma put it down, you can fall in love.
Information Architecture, Usability, User Experience Design. These are a few of my favorite things.
what is your new job and how can I also get it? That sounds like my kind of lifestyle.
BaseKit Website Builder Partnership Signals Growing South African Market - Web Host Industry Review
#Addicted to Parks & Recreations,
See, Emily, not everything from Ohio is lame. Just me and Cleveland.
MISSING GIRL HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE
that was me
Took a 20 minute nap. Should I take another one? Hell yeah ! 
Due to technical difficulties it looks like we won't be able to be at Wheelock tomorrow. Our microphones are broken!
aw thanks!
When girls curse<<<
I don't do jealous ex's....
Just bought tickets to see Tim Minchin (again!) at the Vic in Chicago this week. He's brilliant - really looking forward to it.
Looked up from my film research work and had to ask myself
Just watched a great movie with the fam ~ maybe you've seen it? Seven Days In Utopia ~ awesome!
#TheBestThing it's the freedom
hey is it windy like a war by you at the #mtg #grandprix #baltimore ?
i follow ya back.. asap!
Fighting the sleepiness.. I'm not winning! Goodnight! (:
love kchen though
(cont.) their case. they try so hard to be good because they're famous. yeah, it's wrong. but just chill out! give them a damn break.
Thanks for the RT! We're excited to be at Fusion this week #IFOFusion2012 Come see us at Booth #927!
Relaxin, and preparing my mind for the next day
Saw 3 movies this weekend and #TheAvengers is still my favorite, although #TheBestExoticMarigoldHotel was awesome as well! See both!
yep! at bug!
download your copy today....... ---www.lulu.com ---www.justwasntmytime.bigcartel.com.. ALL DOWNLOADS ONLY $4.99 JUST WASNT MY TIME
Thanks for coming in for a crab cake sandwich this afternoon!
Actually, he escapes from a train taking him to Auschwitz and encounters a resistance cell while hiding out.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Im telling you just attach a big parachute TO THE PLANE ITSELF Is anyone listening to me
hey yo i kinda did... tell daddy i say hi :)
your a senior !? ;o
Tonight at Club Downtown! $2 Any Beer! $4 Any mixed drink or shot all Nite!
Thanks for listening!!! Have a great weekend!!
Well thank you! that means a lot to us
Oh it's been a couple of minutes , I think she's over it ; I'll text her :) looking ass -__-
show off :)
I live a modern life.
Good day tweethearts!!!
The cubs are gonna suck, its a good thing
Boston has much better beer than that. Try to get Harpoon IPA on tap!
Me three.
very close observation to the starships video lmfao
also you usually add a couple bucks for using your own design if you have one.
At 9:45 last night, a neighbor shed us for laughing too loud. Why is laughing not ok, but gardeners at 7:30 on a Saturday morning are ok?
In DC with for wedding! I love this town!
Thanks for the RT!
RT : in the morning ♡♡
<3 Can't wait to go see next week in Lancaster PA (: its gonng to be amazing.
Everyone: If you keep listening to your music so loudly you'll be deaf by the time you're 20. Me: What?
90s rock has inspired... Anyone have any suggestions for any local bands in the Baltimore/Metro area we could check out?
At noon there will be. Still writing...
Join me in the 30 for 30 Challenge.Take Skinny Fiber 30 minutes before your largest meals and participate in aerobic exercise for 30...
Good games. Nice weather and great customers. Thank you and get in here LSU fans!
Two compliments in five minutes for the #megatron Jersey.
When i say it's barbie bitch i really mean i'm barbie bitch
we should be going to more of the same conferences.
WAKE UP AUSTIN !
Mark your calendars! Patrick Harbron's amazing photos of Rock and Roll icons go on display on May 10!...
Edsta!!! Shes buying us a Unicorn if we go!!! :P
monday, tuesday, WEDNESDAY!! #ijusttoldthefishstory :)
I love creating music. Last nights rehearsal with BrownRiceFamily was an amazing feeling. Okai Haiti
just got sent a beautiful video from disneyland. how freaking cute. thank you <3
"the best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." - Paul Valery.
What coffee does to one's senses is very beneficial, but doesn't seem right. It's almost like cheating, but we have no choice.
RT : You've got less than 48 hours to make charitable contributions that can be written off against your 2011 taxes....
: grandma might lemme.
geez, everyone & their grandma has a twitter account. I followed 110 people just from area in 5mins.
Me and Jodeci think you cheatin on us girl
Cant wait till me my mama and lil bro reunite
I have a love/hate relationship with it. ;) Thanks for the added info on the books.
OMG I wish was still on the show. I hate how the whole show is ganged up on
One of the hardest thing I have ever done is trying to plug in the charger in the dark.
bro...baby girl in the red dress on ur new promo is showin' out haha
did yall kill the grover? No after party w/ tax man?
What happens in The Exorcism of Emily Rose ?? I'm watching it alone, scaredd :O
Nix the wine....I'm feeling #nauseous. 😝
BRING ON PANIC
We also don't have babys
aww :/ don't be lonely! You'll find somebody!! :)
what about all those unpaid internships that do the same work as paid staff?
JUSTIN BIEBER. BIEBERFEVER. BELIEBER. TEAM BIEBER.
Good morning people...grind time
"I refuse to bury the text in the body." Farid Matuk
I agree pandoras box which is made to open so idk why they act like its their choice lol Shelly was sitting good until that lol
I'm still up & bored lol
money is not the root of happiness. & it is impossible to know what demons people are dealing with in their own heads.
What is this "don't have Internet" you speak of? (Sorry, I don't know how to get around that.)
Haha! We shall see buddy
“: OMG! Accelerate to the Cloud in Lido 3001A with an iPad drawing at the end?! Who else is attending?!? #VMwarePEX” <-- I'm there
hold the pen.
Hey Ben!!! How are you?
I never quite understood why some white people try to be black? Why can't people be themselves with their own personalities???
He'll follow you one day. isn't much of a fan follower.
Poverty Is The Root To All Evil!
then we can go on our date!??
We will miss you
Sorry on the late reply. Sales fixed it for me. Thank you
Close the shutters draw the shades, Filter out the everglades , Glistening with evening dew
Dude I had a dream last night,That you made your own scent at Bath&Body Works,& It was called Squidgberry.Best Dream ever lol
thank you for making me laugh! My family is going through a rough time now and we were glad to escape watching SA and HTTYD!
I'm officially tired/bored of packing. ::dramatic sigh::
Today's #EngineersWeek celebrations include a student scavenger hunt and mixer! We are celebrating our #engineering students!
Steve, thanks for the Rts today.
Wade is out of control right now.
Louisville is awesome! Models are on fire...
Looking for #musicians to play for a #cruiseship DM if your interested
I Dont Even Wanna Think About Having To Go Back... Im Not Even Out Yet And Im Already Dreading it!
Completely agree!
There's no such thing as "too much #money" when dresses are concerned. Go for it!
#Obama is looking at this Colombian dancers like... WTF is this?... His face is priceless.
I really, really enjoyed Captain America and not just because of Chris Evan's 4:1 shoulder-to-butt ratio.
Lexy to retire call-in numbers - effective 10/18. Email with questions.
& yes, I would love for you to read my book. DM me your email & I'll send I the prequel novella :)
Yup. You were the unexpected voice I just heard. I totally had it coming.
yeah. luckily my sister, my roommate, Dionne and another friend were there to babysit me while I slept for an hour.
If you actually count them all, the Pens will have played the Flyers 9 times (if we go to game 7) this month.
what are you plans for the holiday and what's your Christmas tradition?
That moment of self-satisfaction when someone retweets you. ^.^
why does monday always come so fast?
Idc I better be getting a call tonight !!!
I just found out there's a rookie draft first THEN a regular draft, so that changes it a bit.
that sounds suspiciously like wedding crashing... Which is a fine and noble thing, indeed.
#quote Oh my god underage kids drinking with out a permit- Homer Simpson
Lights by Ellie Goulding>>> PERFECTION.
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL!
Thanks for including SG!
Finally boarding my flight from Minneapolis to Wichita!!! A trip that was well worth it!!! Next stop SHOCKER NATION!!
Watching the Mavs... Home safely from the parade.
Saw an Asian girl with the LARGEST ass implants I have EVER seen, almost as big as the smile of the Black dude she was with. #UBoughtThat?
haha yes ma'am! Love you too and shpanks! ;)
Thank you :)
registering for these classes makes me want to kill myself. i hate school more and more everyday.
if you've figured out how to play defense and keep kobe from droppin 23458585859321
TOO BAD HE DID PLAY. Kobe is nothing. You see McGee show him up.? Cuz I sure did.
I saw a guy waiting for the bus without a shirt this morning. Immediately thought of Randy
In this life I am responsible to people not for people cause we all have 2 fulfilled our missions & fully bloomed ourselves from weeds.
Aw i am too. But im playing tonite
Yet another reason to hail the banana. Just when u think you've got the cartoon plot figured out ...
tryin to skpe and i keep cuttin off on her mad as fuck
#alamw12 is in Dallas. It's colder here than I expected.
did you double down at half time?
I love how HubSpot is integrated with Salesforce, says Mat
You can email us at We look forward to hearing from you.
Texas, I bid you adieu. Had my fill. This is not New England. 8-/
I completed my card with "palatable" from Rep. Westrom. Guess I narrowly beat you out.
he said to bring one of his cuetes.. The sig
Can I just say that I love that last retweet...if you knew my recent drama you would understand why
Look for the Cengage Learning booth (#401) at #MLA12!
Has anyone else noticed that it's hardly ever Friday anymore?
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, is the minute you get less than you settled for.
i know my ex use to throw it to me er day
Follow and I will! :) Can't wait.
I think I'm in love with Hayley Williams.
Just saw the coolest casino in my whole life 😍
You'll be allowed to copy one word per publication. :)
They do
So tired... Dream mode
Beautiful morning! Ready for a crazy busy day ☺
the interesting statistic for me would be how many of the places where they shop are interacting w/ them on FB
When you accidentally type 'upm' instead of 'up ' and your autocorrect changes it to 'unf'
Thanks, Scott! I added you to my #TeamWahooly List. :) -Benjamin
#tie2011 How is the twitter class doing?
#nowplaying Swim Good - Frank Ocean. #next Take it Off - Ke$ha
just woke up !
LOL at LA teams! Fuckin scrubs
Eager to maximize relo, co-op agents for new home sales? CRM 2.0 has unique features to help; recognized for business-to-consumer focus
you aren't lying. My dogs can instantly change my mood for the better no matter how bad of a mood I'm in
talking about #transmedia - layers of all screens (tv, laptop, mobile, tablet, etc) and product/event (books, shows, movies, etc)
: it's nothin big, just some family stuff
TLON good time to buy!
I wanna watch! >.>
because if the effects are good, they are put in the description as another benefit of the drug. :)
can you make me plastic watch with fake diamonds so I can look like I'm balling on new years.
I can't wait TOO ha
little boy: "can I have a sucker" me: "I ate them all." little boy: "oh" :(
Thanks! Didn't know you can kill the O's by clicking on them. Still prefer using a cloaked Banshee. ;)
Hey guys! I'm playing at the acoustic cafe on may 19th from 7-8:30, hope to see you there! :)
Up early? Cheer on the #FunRun participants! Step off is at 7am at Reverchon Park & Katy Trail #alamw12 Shuttle: DCC or the Sheraton @ 7am
it must have heard your whispered threats.
MasterCard Removes Global Payments From Approved Vendor List - Wall Street Journal
Ryan! Where are you? Did not see you at the Hilton Power Up Energy Expo today :-( Met Benjamin and Daryl
At 6:00 I have plans and those plans are sitting down and watching on YouNow those are the best plans
thanks for the follow! Have a great rest of the week.
I'm def in! All of the above please:)
YW!! Good luck with the Nuvo contest. We voted for you!!
#OscarTweet Just a few hours until
well geez! This is silly! Hope you're enjoying the Louie's!
Hi good morning. Thanks for your tweet !
...soften and improve the skin's texture.
very true!!!
Now they're listening to records produced by David Guetta, Benny Benassi, Afrojack & Diplo on the hip hop / r&b stations
I love my MOM!
I'm sure you two realized that lyric was to be set to the tune of "Wonderwall...." ;-)
Valentine's Brunch 9-12 February 13--Sunday A day of chocolate bliss
Classic RT Listening to that first Game album!!
You guys are amazing and sweet,love you two♥
what's your favorite nickelodeon tv show?!
Ohh yea!!! Sexy time
wow. Any idea why the top floor's unfinished?
I would see you at lunch ):
I think this is george zimmmermens cell number call and give him a peace of ya mind...u didnt get it.from me :-) lol
Great SD people to follow!
Kobe doin' it again !
Anybody want a peanut?
So Irene was sent by God to punish us for gay marriage, spending, and government failure??? Wow. People are sick. They need therapy ASAP.
Schools should not be ultimately accountable for what young people do on-line. It really belongs to the parents.
gotta work on your score, buddy
Finished 'The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life & Business,' by Duhigg. Interesting look at science of habit formation & change.
#hockeyfanproblems “: I can't tell if these guys are fit or not. That bothers me. Tightness somewhere, please.”
RT : Forgot how tedious & surprisingly time consuming it is to knit condoms. Alas #bowl12, there will be only one tonight.
Did the refs intentionally miss the intentional foul a second time?
welker revis is good but welker can out match him
Blown put on 12 & eagle on 15 could cost Tiger the #Masters. He should be sitting at -14 right now
window cleaners. have fun sailing.
RT : Come support me + my art this Sat and have a great time-- Tons of other things to enjoy as well.
lol. Apparently I follow a lot of people living near NYC.
i think it would be fun. will you let me ? please ..
Happy Mother's Day to my followers who are Mommas and to those Dads who do both roles! #respect and
Appreciate That. Dont Be A Stranger. Need Some Entertaining off The Wall Truthful Opinions Just @ Me
Homeschool does not mean being detached from society. It's the opposite.
Im in that new new BITCH GET A SQUEEZY
Chef Jose will be at today from 4-5 pm sampling our coconut marinated chicken wings. Stop by & try some!
haha thanks bro
Thanks Dinner was great (:
When promises get broken, hearts get broken.
Wolf Blitzer trying to maintain...
Faldo: Donald has it all Sir Nick Faldo reckons world number one Luke Donald has everything he needs to end his major drought at Augusta
Dance! I SAID DANCE!
Palm Sunday service was so...logistical today. Thankful for the worship I found singing at a memorial service this afternoon.
#Ginger is effective in relieving motion #sickness and
Oh no! I did?
Celebrated THE YEAR OF THE GIRL yesterday and enjoyed the fashion show of uniforms throughout the years.
whatd you do??
My Twitter Pledge: I will lose one pound for every twitter follower I have.
Congratulations and lots of love to and her lucky guy on your wedding today! xoxo!
Reminders again of how life is so short. Sad to hear the news of a former co-worker who passed away. Prayers for the family and friends.
Good Morning a ti tambien cutie ; )
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. ~Albert Einstein
Recording recording recording tonight
Among the best advice I can give UX designers just starting out? Hone your debate skills.
Hi Wendy! Congrats on winning the ipad! You really pulled the lead!
We have a 4 top open right now, come on by!
Sigh. That one's not working either. My wand must need a tune-up. ;)
false I threw five in your car
Hope you enjoy!
#TheBreakfastBunch= not for kids ahahahahaha I LOVE IT!!!
I hope it stays that way for you!
I helped her make it!
Ha, I did! Thankfully I remembered before I got to Walgreens. So nice of you to join us today lol
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
I'll go there
why not just eat peanut butter then?
loving the new mix tape
An extensive knowledge and opinion of TV commercials does not impress me. Evaluating the acting in such ads is kinda sad.
That's amazing. I like having a famous husband. : )
hey how's your day :)!?
yea im totally stupid (S)mart (T)alented (U)nique (P)erson (I)n (D)emand yea thx for calling me stupid ur da best
Keeping fingers crossed for Haamlicher Schlemmer- will hear tomorrow if they pick us up!!! Signs are good!!!
"Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked, when it cometh. For the LORD shall be thy confidence,
You rock Billy! I hope all your 11:11 wishes do too and that you are having a great day!
All u r, experience and achieve will be linked to two powerful forces...your thoughts and words! Get soul and lip control.
You need a contest to be an honorary cul-de-sac crew member for a day. And I should win.
Feelings tend to cloud your judgement.. Thats why I like to stay no strings attached to yall✂
hey no pick up basketball see all the injures your a football player and a good one stick to what you do best
Thx. It's just getting ridiculous. lol RT : keep at it buddy! You'll forget all about it once you're hired
“: AllState joins companies pulling ads from radio show - ” /
Cabin In The Woods has put me on a horror binge, but I think my landlord now thinks I'm some weird perv from all the screaming he's hearing.
Digging it so far. There is a layout & color where we can have almost an exact replication of our home page.
2 fabulous restaurants, 1 brewery tour and two great friends - a perfect Saturday!
To Do List: 1)Buy a sword 2)Name it Kindness 3)Kill people with Kindness
Super Junior Is Our Inspiration
The downtown Fort Wayne Jimmy Johns is open until 11 p.m. every night there's a TinCaps game! Like TONIGHT!
omg that was so damn disgusting! Makes me wanna be sick!
I would love to see your sites and apps for that class. If only I could organize how to fit in the time! Ha ha.
Chevy Volts sold to date: 2510. No one wants one because they are impractical. Drill, baby, drill.
All this warm weather in Wis. is not good for #icefishing we are losing ice fast. Thinking about going to the mighty Petenwell this weekend
hecks yeah we were!
At the same damn time
Loyalty Club - Now people will be able to donate to SLA from the website. Annual contributors will be recognized in some manner.
Chalmers is a lil bitch!!! Always fuckin wit folks that would lay his ass clean out!!!
Maybe im just not trying to accept the facts!!!
Thanks, sugar!
Trying to take table? Well see.
And even if we never talk again, please remember that I'm forever changed by who your are and what you meant to me.
Some endings r a beginning for some/ 's career began in a wheelchair; Superman's ended in one
I can't think of anyone I'd rather rule nobody with than you, my furry friend ;)
“: What a night this has been....” That's a understatement.
ASU RBI double bring home a run, cuts the FIU lead to 8-6. Wolves have 2 in scoring position and 2 out.
Happy birthday to Carl Delmont!
#DRINKOUTSIDE: Frying Pan The Loreley 79th St Boat Basin Standard Beer Garden Bohemian Beer Garden Pilsener Haus Zeppelin Hall
study time i guess...dont like it but hey
you came close to saying 'no mayor Filner'. (Not asking you to predict though. I'm not gonna.)
Ultimately, mastering the audition means being able to give your all to it without having to receive anything back right away.
just realized I didn't tweet you back!!! We went to Florida! It was super awesome!
Before I run back to bed... Rambo Mary has admitted defeat lol Called off from work...
Crap! Sneezing while my mouth is full of food.
Book suggestion: Polya's How to Solve it.
Love the instant feedback from other #5kin100days participants! Really keeps me motivated. Got a new charger for the shuffle - ready to run!
I miss my perry days as a jitt in middle school rt if u went to perry middle
I wish I wasn't so insecure.
i thought i knew how to play drums, but now i know that i'm just a beginner haha may God bless a lot more :)
it could penetrate. Dangerous enough. It's a veggie tale, but he could explore some caverns
haha I live in Sweden:)
When ii Say "I'm Not Mad" Stop Askin Me Before ii Get Mad -_-
maybe really
Dear Homophobes, Please don't let their gay marriage interrupt your straight divorce. Sincerely, Annoyed
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you back around soon!
Soriano now in "Dirty Fuentes" territory
Yep, no reddit or wikipedia. What am I supposed to do with my workday? =)
shes a crazy driver im scared to die b4 marriage lmfao
RT so ill... Whats that bungee at? Looks like a winning height/// I think it was 18. Marvin was taking some jumps
#StupidStereotypes That all black people like watermelon
Met wit the bathroom 3x this morning n still not better
i was just looking at your pics crazy
or liked! Whatever you wanna call it(:
I get confused by an avatar that has more than one person in it when one is not obviously the account holder.
I'm thinkin maybe i'll upload a preview from my upcoming mixtape today.. just to give everyone a little taste of what's to come
Spent my entire St Paddy's day on water street... at work. No more working during drinking holidays for me ever again!
Vegas was because I explained the "1"... Thanks Sam Damask
David Ruffin Looked Like Dennis Rodman......
Gonna go beat little kids at connect 4 on
when u bring in the chips everyone's happy.. thats when they all wanna hop on yah wave
"okay my mama said fuck it nigga hit the streets and live"
So excited for Art Basel tomorrow!!! The fact that I'm flying AA and they just filed for bankruptcy is just a minor inconvenience.
In case you were wondering, a clove of garlic placed in the ear canal does not fix an ear ache, though it does ward off vampire ear doctors.
The team would like to send out a big birthday wish to one of our biggest fans
And yes being Irish, I do consider St. Patty's to be a week long event.
You can sub prt of the water for lemon juice to inhibit bacteria. Patch test it in case the lemon is too harsh for ur skin.
haha I'd advise against that...I dated a girl who was a dancer and didn't tell me...a buddy told me...not kosher
Heard on NPR this AM as a city biz source. Nice to hear the white hats with strategy & skill like making news.
#jennikonner says that bad sex scenes in #HBO #Girls are hilarious. Uh, no they arenT. Oscar Wilde, Chris rock are hilarious. Girls,pathetic
LGBT Weekly's Ian Stokell has written a great piece on bullying out Thursday
Susan Partnow~ It is within the families themselves where peace can begin.
the manager just said I'll throw in some free chip since you had to wait for the steak. It was seriously 30 seconds
Is the Tat-20000C (silver ion model) a legit product? I don't see a reference to it on your site. Thanks fo any info!
Boost your metabolism with ganoderma,it doesn't have the drop that caffeine has. Get more info at: www.drblackston.organoderma.com
NEVER ANSWERED MY TEXT , BUT CAN RETWEET ME ON HERE ! #OHHELLNO ! .
Awsome B. Thanks and great review, as always!
owp ill have an british accent awsomeeee:)
Not yet but I've had lots of requests for the class so I started one. I hope to include boylesque in a new show soon, too!
I hate when you can tell a famous persons twitter is not ran by them -.- EX: Eminem......He would never even have a twitter.
Is the phrase "Brand New" considered an insult???
awkward and ew.
Hi Gia! Thanks so much for following our cause! We'll keep you informed. :)
Lots of music, wine, and ping-pong
I love everything about your #AUSTREAM :)
what about us??? Lol
You are an amazing talent and will be a true success in the music industry.
Star Trek? Now why didn't I think of that?
Enjoy Little 5 everyone! Wish I could be there with ya.
If she woulda had my money I woulda been over there... Guess not
#fridayreads: Just 50 pages into ARCADIA by , but the world she's imagined has already wrapped its arms around me.
Listening to freshmen through junior year shows with while on our way to the show reveal. 32 minutes :)
u must be talkin bout lebron lol cuz u already got those
Working def of #foodhubs: biz/org=aggregation, distro, marketing of source-ID #localfood primarily from small/mid to wholesale buyers
What I miss? Why she trying to go HAM?
Why be a bitch all the time?
Good enough for me! Thanks!
Tonight: [FTL] Hoedown w/ best breasts in the west contest [ATL] SINdustry Night- All in the biz employees are on the house
Someone tell me, did Barkley bust a button on that suit or is it made that way?
Do it!
I spent 3 hours outside Best Buy last night and all I got was a $39 Blu-ray player. Never doing that again!!
Scandal in; GCB canceled on ABC
I'm so happy were over
My love is like the glorious sun,/ So high, so strong, so bright,/ It heightens, strengthens, elevates,/ it makes our darkness light! (1855)
prevent "awkward mobile moments" Plan your apps and mobile projects (tricky gestures, confirmation screens, and undo)
I FOLLOWED. please dm Justin for me :)
I'm not sure, I'd be happy to send Anna my answers....
putting together Atl 1st real ny style fashion show art fusion 8/5
Yikes so tired. More work to do, but I think I'll call it a night and start fresh tomorrow. Till 6am twats...I mean tweets...still not right
If this kid tells me what I think he's going to tell me, he's going to ruin an eight year friendship.
Doing some script work before the big audition.
Lesnar "said" he quit just like Batista said he quit 2 years ago. Hm...
Brook, thank you for following me. Glad to be in your network.
Watch out! I'm kind of a big deal!
I can't believe it's the 12th inning of this game
Christmas Eve, and we hope you're in the mood for laughter! Either way, we'll be serving up Jews and Indians and food at COBO!
All time leader in hits and bet on HIS team to win. I'm fine w/ not letting him be apart of a team but #PeteRose deserves the HOF
Very good Shouts & Murmurs by Paul Simms this week.
I have a couple of wireless mice and receivers. Any thoughts on ...
We are at Conshy Bulldogs Lacrosse practice nothing but passing and catching.
I've been writing up some doc. for our dublin core platforms, so people are entering the right things in the right fields
Which ones?!
#free is how we roll -but it will cost you if you're not "in."
What did you think of today's video tip of the week? Vintage jewelry is all the rage right now, and we've got some beautiful items!
whose that?
One can only inform to the recipient's capacity. You can't pour 12oz of water into an 8oz cup. But sometime the cup looks bigger than it is.
WE ARE OFFICIALLY THE BALTIMORE MEDIA ORCHESTRA.
Everyone says im a horrible liar, but i know when im being lied to. Shut up and tell me the truth or we don't need to be friends anymore.
do you have any fresh 2010 press releases to share with us?
that's what it's for!! :)
bring it.
Whatsapp Messenger user?
Just wanted to tweet my gratitude for your existence. Finals week has been bearable thanks to your guys' music.
I love how u flatter me... u always make me blush!!
I'm on a boat
Hanging by the pool, I'm starting to become a huge fan of women in bikinis wearing wedge heels.
Ali Ryerson is going to be in the radio tomorrow night in San Diego!! Will give details as I get them!
Movin' like crazy at work today! Happy to be involved in physical activity all day!
oh #Grammys don't make me cry
Currently listening to new Nujabes.
Sounds NICE!
you're way to kind!
LOL. I haven't heard that one in a while...err...ever...maybe?!
: I'll be out of town that week. Raincheck?
Finalist Graphene Frontiers seeks to produce graphene better faster & cheaper than anyone else on the planet
glad to hear you are still with the greatest team ever #Packers and
Lets just turn up the music and blow these speakers
thanks for the connections, Erin! Have we met? I know the Gratitude crew. Peace love light, ross
One of the best New Girls ever.
I love your picture on here! Your stunning(: Love you(:
oh yeah I know but they all subliminal message that shit. He puts it rite out there.
watching wrestling my good sir
what the hell!? there's an AND a ?
Lmao thats a yes huh (faints then mumbles) I love you ^.^ lol
.. What's really going on?
Charles F. Kettering: Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Mirage. Seeing "Zumanity", checking out 1Oak, Hyde, The Bank, Tao, Wet Republic, and Bare + Tiesto Sunday night.
Bored out of my mind! Monitoring two newbs at work to make sure they learned their shit.
why dont my parents ever shut up
Wat Happened Cookie?
YOUR VOICE is like a combination of fergie & Jesus.-STEPBROTHERS LOL.
love it Bishop
C'mon Aztecs!!! Sold out & havin' fun @ Viejas Arena!!! Last home game!
haha were soo bad at this! :O
Will get back to you ->RT : Blow me? RT : Well? RT : Was just asked if our bacon is Fried or Baked.
I am starting to love this White House more & more. Thanks for supporting equal rights for all Americans, !
Great DC fundraiser!
There's something about the rain. It washes away my fears, shelters my ambitions and reminds me that life is so much bigger than me...
I wasnt here from the start, But im here until the end <3
hey bitches! Lol!
First time in 12 yrs I'm NT @ All Star weekend. ? Am I really missing anything!
Hm -- we will try!!RT: Any chance of releasing your cover of Tighten Up so I can buy it and jam out on my iPod?”
the library is suddenly very empty. is it the 5-8" of snow predicted? #snowbrary weds night
Does anyone have a computer mouse they don't need? Wanna donate it to us? We could really use one in our box office.
Check out our brand new website: postprisonedu.org
My Quote of the Day - "In faith and hope the world will disagree, but all mankind's concern is charity. .", Alexander the Great
now what?
Sitting in hotel in Beijing listening to Jason Mraz sing about SD. Too funny. Missing my wife, my sons & San Diego. Signing out from China!
"I tried stripping but all the coins hitting me hurt too much" Phil at rehearsal.
spotted again by art museum! Same outfit but this time with sweatbands. He is one fit dude.
Time flies when you're having fun.
hey Tiffany do you have a backup account? Please write back. Thanks.(:
Wine gives great pleasure; and every pleasure is of itself a good. It is a good, unless counterbalanced by evil. ~Samual Johnson
Great. I will be there and square.
You are very welcome, and it was an enjoyable shoot. Time to make you famous.
"lindsay i found your twinzy!" -
Yay! It's finally Friday. Enjoy your weekend everyone : )
The sad part is, I will always have time for you, when you have barely enough for me.
ReadSketchRead... I'm a stickler for context
thanks <3 but my cousin whos like my bestest friend ! might talk her parents into wanting to ove there too but she dont want to
Remove hair on your legs, arms, bikini, back and upper lip with #laserhairremoval. Contact 888-LEX-DOCS for more info!
Stainless steel on the outside, not aluminum.
What did your Mom say would happen if you didn't brush your teeth?
off to work it up.
Wassup LG When u coming to the D homie....
gonna be in town tomorrow and need a hook up. You got any?
I'm so f****** hype right now!! I can't tell you how anxious I am for #LiveFromTheUnderground to drop!! June 5th
Just a chill night but I feel lonely and lazy. why?
love me or sue me.
all day errday!
In May. Details coming soon but please be sure to join Facebook for updates. Good Luck!
My daughter said new episode of good luck charlie, victorious, jessi, n ant farm, n ally n austin come daddy we aint gotta go nowhere lol...
Dawgs full strength“: BC on PP”
Stupid instigator.
lol we balance each other out! See you wednesday then! :)
I'm oddly disturbed by companies where none of the founder's business card designs match.
Ice Skates for Kids - Choosing the most effective Glaciers Skates for- ice skates for kids
great feature!
The team
A: Tamara:we use demographic and behavioral info of our influencers to find similar people in the hopes they will be influencers too"
who would YOU like to see me interview? what album should i review? shoot me a tweet or email me at
chill with that lil bro, lol. I'm good & u?
How much of your poem do you have memorized? I will be checking in to be sure you have at least 1/3 memorized by tomorrow.
Don't be upset, not EVERYONE is going to like you.
I could not agree more. I'm training for Dec. 17th 9k marathon.
I'm lucky having you everyday...thank God for give me the best mom of the world..without ur unconditional love I wouldn't be here
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
so far, great response from customers :))
You guys doing all Billy Wilder films? That could take months and months (can't wait)
"Shit, I failed." "Me too!" HIGH FIVE.
NRT will be printing soon - got behind on prints so it was easier to remove it from the shop until then. Thanks
we're waiting to load-in. You guys around?
I Miss My cousins Already
stop by TONIGHT and get 1/2 off our Pepperoni, Sausage & Pepper or Eggplant & Fennel pizza! Password: INFINITY *Dine in only*
My Old City food ennui is so intense right now.
Thanks to our new sponsors Nevada Arts Council and Silver Sky Group!
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're enjoying #sxsw as much as we are.
Sluts should be called, Humpty Dumpty. First they get humped, and then they get dumped. ♥
What type of beverage would you like Lady?
are you going to be playing a few events? I'm going to be playing all next week!
come to think of it..I'm so over you..good thing for that. (:
DAMN those teenagers sneaking into churches to have sex...!
I'll sing you jingles on your next album. I'm the jingle queen.
Such a good day to be alive!
Ha!! I said mostly nice things about ya anyway, but point taken! Keep up the good work.
Thanks for following me: ,
pop art was a mirror to the post world war 2 excess. affluent americans were able to purchase the art because
Try Design Essentials Mist & Shine Dry Finishing Spray, it is a daily moisturizing spray that adds shine to the hair. All products...
sectionals are so nice! Love them!
Tune in -- Ranking Member Cummings talks about the #GOP budget on @ 3:00 PM EST today.
She use to call me asshole now she drop her ass low.
Happy Easter Everyone! God Bless!
I liked the 4th place couple, but the winners kicked butt! Maybe & I should campaign?
Almost watched that last night, how was it?
almost got in a crazy car accident! thank you Jesus for guarding me !
nevermind........ Sorry boo
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama :) She is beautiful and so strong <3 Thank you for all you've done for Justin, we love you! Turn To You <3
Designer, JHANE BARNES, in person at J.S. Edwards on Thursday, November 3 at 6 pm to 8:30 pm
it's official I'm sick...sipping tea and brandy
Have to say that Fanta Zero Fruit Punch was today's favorite. Love those machines. Saw one at the Chicago NRA show 2 yrs ago.
The Clippers hv only been in the Playoffs 8 times in 42 YEARS? Jesus. I knew it was bad but I didn't think it was THAT bad. Damn.
I'm 4 whatever God is 4 and I'm against whatever God is against . What he's 4 and what he's against is in the bible. Read it daily 2 know:-)
The only residual checks I'm getting these days are byproducts.
The stress of this semester is really starting to get to me.
Nick, FYI incomparable does not mean short.
that bunker is still being built by patriots wanting a primary to complete. When over I'll craw thru what ever to vote against BHO
I like where your head is it. Is it bad that I actually googled "fake beard stores"?
can you record #goodwife for me? I won't land in time to see it.
WOW. looks like a pimp in his picture. Almost as pimp as me. We could pick up some Wisconsin ass tonight
am i right or am i right
Want to lose weight fast after the birth of your baby? Nurse your newborn. Nursing can burn as much as 700 kCal per day, and it's FREE!
so do many others that are a part of this protest. You can still help digitally :)
I appreciate it.
Cary man throws 1-2 punch teaching teens boxing
You are very easily my favorite blonde singing prostitute cameo from 30 Rock.
BOA bought a few more months of my patronage for how well they handled a stolen card number. Still shopping for a new bank. Suggestions?
Nail in the coffin. OVER. #GoCougs!
Anyway doe.
#Brandreal "will place your brand on right track for building a brand that's memorable & powerful.” on book.
Thx Jen! XoxoRT : happy Mothers Day!!
Follow and get a more depth view into her life!! Let's Go
lol no...poor Barbie doesn't have a seatbelt
thank you tha tha thank s s you
where are you going?!
"The body remembers easily". don't i know it, sister!
I'm not mad at you, I'm just mad at the situation.... That you created.
alrdy im check it out and let u knw wats up
psyched for tomorrow!
Luncheon at Seattle Design Center
SUSHI!!! @ ichiban with
Please let me know when your website is back up! I'd love to take more time to check out your work.
dang! Well I went outside and my ☔ blew away!
Do you have anything on problems after the kids are grown? I'm facing that...would love to hear from who already has.
i do not even KNOW what's going on with my tummy, but los tres, it's gonna be a LONG while til' we meet again.
follow her NOW! she is so cute, my bestmate, my gorgeous emma poo <3
who are you? Are you relevant? Do you need the meaning of that word? I know it has more than one syllable.
New project comin soon..The Eviction Notice....early summa!!..follow back 4 mo info. Brewcity what up!!!
i'm good. How are you?
#dirtyjokethursday [Why did the snowman smile?] {Because the snowblower was coming.}
It's National Women's Health Week! What are you doing to get active, eat healthy & avoid unhealthy behaviors? - I'm off to pilates!
HUGE stop by the #Patriots!
unlike you two i dont have one of those fancy instagram accounts
What do you mean by breaks? What happens?
Holy crap!! Wrestlemania is tomorrow!! Been waiting a whole year to see the rock layeth the smack down!
freud saw blades
CB3 goes yard again, Hamilton who?
time to channel those qr skillz!
Its obvious that I don't deal well with rejection.. It always ends like this
AW. Poop. Homeland beat out At least it's a great show.
Oh man standing in front of the bus and blocking traffic on water and Wisconsin, we don't understand your crazy arm gestures.
Washington has requested that Mass. Militia join Continetal troop on the front lines since the army size has shrunk in the last few weeks.
Once again on line with #ATT, worst service in world. Next time I move, will uniquely make sure don't have to depend on them!
no tape. attempting origami wrapping.
Glad I'm not the only one.
Teachers who abuse SM can be disciplined by school unless police intervene.
The sheer #relief of finally getting rid of that one toxic friend. The one who gave you nothing but panic attacks.
I have never watched it!
Having a good day
Preparing for our journalism competition. LA tomorrow.
#Panera coffee and a cinnamon crunch bagel = a good start to the day
In case you're wondering, recordings of today's demos will be available in 2-3 days. We'll email links to registrants and post them here
i love you guyz , u guyz r cute,funny,and a big inspiration u showed me tht doesnt matter how old you r u can achieve anything:)
I'm with you!! I am officially boycotting ALL professional boxing matches!! Mark my words!
Well, um, I don't think so...I mean, it'll happen eventually...but don't worry about it so much.
RT : Yes, it was a Cub who made the play of the game. In small quantities, they can be very helpful.(lol!)
hit me up fool
keep your head up & stay hungry...
Thanks refs. You guys should go get your eyes checked tomorrow morning.
I am thinking strip poker this weekend with the girls!!
i can't wait any longer...i need gmyh. but it will be worth the wait omfg iskebdosmwslkz. <3
Flies spread disease - keep yours zipped.
Life is like a game of chess pick and chose ur next move wisely
What are you doing in your #smallbiz today to build the vision even bigger?
Speaking of which I am hungry as hell
#SAA77 = more critical & discussive than other archaeo conferences. Haven't seen anyone give a talk with zero purpose. Yet.
Hi, another archivist named Meredith who was also a VISTA! We should start a club!
sympathies to #norwegian bretheren and best to your fam... re: wine we are just scouting ahead for visitors :)
Good point. Traitors be damned. :)
To a true innovator. The world wasn't the same when u were here and it won't be now that ur not. RIP Steve Jobs.
's songs are TOO AMAZING to pick #Top5DemiLovatoSongs ! It's impossible <3 x
thanks. I collab with others, so feel free and let me know what's up
when will you be ready?.
Nice job ARod!!
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that literally EVERYBODY hates,
GREAT AMERICAN PIGEON RACE at NOON on August 12th at the Laemmle Sunset 5. FLY OVER!!! DRESS like a pigeon. WIN A FREE DVD
Back in Chicago, 45 minutes sleep under my belt, in bed wanting to sleep but not happening; thinking of yoga but knowing not without rest...
7. "I believe that "Black" is beautiful."
Van in ditch by 145 & 41/45 closing one s-bound lane. hope the ppl are okay, a reminder to be cautious while driving.
I swear. We could've been the stars of beauty and the beast.
I had a dream he was back :'( gosh it felt so real
Dear residents of Abq. Please stop shooting eachother. Thank you.
Great story! And I'm glad they're still collecting. I had way too many offers to be able to pick them up myself.
just in case you forgot, I love you dearly, best friend.
One of these days, Alice. One of these days PATCHOULI! Right in the kisser!
... I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts. I think Yahoo does but I don't want to switch over to Yahoo. Do you know?
I am so hungry right now. This is a worst case scenario.
Finding your way? Find inspiration for your journey!! Your eyes will brighten and cast light ahead of you to see!!
Every title doesn't accurately describe a story , it's up to you to flip through pages and read for yourself !
im about tht life!! bitch just doesnt start her new job til a week after so she lucked out grrr lol
We just had an awesome dinner :) so yummy!
fans pay the salaries so fans can talk.
Well, it's official: KEXX (X103.9)/Phoenix ditches Alternative for a Gen X-style format as "My 103.9."
We will be in New York in Sept. during a few shows will keep everyone posted
are you on my acct ? Lol
Watching Brett Favre start to run away with this one. Love seeing Brett still out there doing his thing.
he waited for me. He's learned patience.
We're going to Australia.
I don't know, maybe I try too hard..
He's baaaaccck! TIGER set to return to golf at the Masters. What are your thoughts? Could he win? Should he have played a tourney fi ...
#CarrieonIdol so tickets go on sale starting May 11th? Thats so soon for a fall tour. I am going to at least 5 shows, i need to save up!
and one Filet "O Fish---"sauce on side"
Why would you even need to ask such a thing?
Asthma attacks can be tamed with meds
lmfao rightt? I just wanted to go cause I want to stay away from my house. :p
Pretty good. I was A-wall over wknd. Homework ...which Im supposed 2 b doin rt now. But over 200 now!
's 3-1 record against your "greatest" in the past 3 years disagrees!
I can't get you off my mind Give me the chance to love you I'll tell you the only reason why Cause you are on my mind (`▽´)-σ
Got in school suspension today
Just a few more mimutes to get your Thors light tee for only 12 $ www.tshirtcontest.com
The ONLY Heat/Lebron fan on twitter who I respect is
Good morning, hope everyone has a wonderful day. :* <3
Believe in the dream.The mythical bearded hipster will appear to you.
AZ is awesome. I'm sure a little toasty this time of year.
lmao omg we had feathers all over the car too :( lol
hope so - you want some concert tickets?
Too hot out for your comfort? The Maneki Neko say, "Come in Mingei International and chill with us. We're really cool cats."
That might work :)
year 2... success!!! stay tuned for results and website updates!
Wow who stalks u on a social site smdh
The background is black in the ads before Game of Thrones to match the tone of all the sex scenes. Apple likes foreshadowing.
Pat Buchanan just called Dick Cheney the Darth Vader of the Bush Presidency, as a compliment.
Crown build-up worse than root canals. Should have taken today off instead of last Thurs.
your welcome
lol exiled to the east coast, Ha told you
i'm gonna take a pillowcase & fill it full of bars of soap & beat the shit out of you.
Thank you for your dedication to Foster Children!
I will be able to get like Max 4 people in for free at club play when fab.
Oh ya, this completely justifies the war and our involvement in the middle east for the last 10 years
Home home home!!! On my old bus on my way home!! Countryside this weekend!!! Who!!!
great new site! Love the featured video and event updates.
I got u bro.
in need of advil cold & sinus, tissues, hot tea, cough drops, and SLEEP. can't avoid this cold anymore :(
niall does not approve
I still read a lot more than I write here.. that's probably the only thing that hasn't changed since the days
# surprise! RT : Zellers spox says Speaker not avlbl to talk about 'secret' talks with Vikings
I don't think my little brother should call me an idiot for loving Justin Bieber.
thanks dude! Very soon! You'll dig it I promise
get at me for the best tools
Just because I follow you on twitter doesn't mean I want an update every two seconds about your bf or what kind of hoe gear you wear
Lol oh we shall! Very soon :)
Say when, and it's on like Donkey Kong (if it had 2-player co-op).
Oh I have my moments, lol
thanks for following! keep in touch.
Here we go - IU vs KY!
Like stealing baby from a candy.
You know that feeling when you wanna punch someone in the face...
as my daughter says: "yays!"
Hey, if there's anyone in Times Square would you take a photo of the TOUCH TV show mosaic and post it? Thanks!
Thank You for all your kind words! Please stop by the studio someday!
Fisher on Kobe!
I hate spring time some times. Mostly because of the damn roaches.
RT : The Patriots acquire a second round pick from the Saints (56th overall) and a first round pick next year for #28 this year
not anymore lol where is that place at? C:
Goodmorning :) in and hour here comes the funnest part of mt day
Why so many empty seats?
Congrats! -> RT : I was elected president of my school's Teenage Republicans club today.
Thx Mark! Sharing economy + Millennials = very, very cool future.
I am the idiot who forgot to bring a jacket to the game.
Such an epic birthday. Thanks guys!!
Black Paella (with squid ink!) with Prawns and Scallops tonight for dinner... Deliciosa
you had actually already invited me on FB. There are 2 many events on there now! I'll do my best to schedule shift & make it
QotD: Because the truth is, everytime you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends up, you’re always glad you took it.
I wish there was a way on twitter to block DMs from everyone.
I think "gettin in my tits" could be pretty funny though when you're talking about being stuffed up. Sneezy boobs. Hah
Why does it always rain during my morning drive????
Offer accepted!! We're buying a house!
finna workout in a few .
we will likely just try to scam sodas. Maybe trade them for booze.
Real friends don't just show up to eat, they'll stand there and get popped by the grease with you.
I preferred it when I worked with it. Moodle is open-source and free so it's both more flexible and less costly.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. -Ben Franklin
I also find that an impromptu routine to Sweet Home Alabama using a hairbrush microphone will usually do the trick.
doors at 6 I believe
Cinco de Mayo special! Chocolate, candied jalapenos and whipped cream. Good idea before the tequila shots!
Exercise is done against ones wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse.
Highly recommend Tryp Hotels in Brazil Incredible comfort, courtesy and cost effective Flying back tonight to Miami, my last trip for 2011
You should really go retrieve that suit of yours. You're going to need it. You shall not protest in overalls.
Amen to that. RT : Connie Schultz quoting her mother, "Don't marry him until you see how he treats the waitress."
She is goin to get her diploma and think its the real one
My Boss wins the Martyr of the Year award: "I have to come in. I can't leave my staff in the dark". Umm, isn't that what you normally do?
HEY!!!(: Follow: for #SHOUTOUTS & good tweets(:
#Imagine Michele: "Were you sending (ur name) sexy messages?" Austin: "No." Michele: "Then why did you close it?" Austin:"cos I can.."
woww, you're so good!!!! I know that you ask to RockMafia but here's my opinion ;) keep making covers :D
Excited to be testing our updated site 4 social workers @ & They help us help #cancer patients!
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
Her love of America was profound, her personal concept of "American Amaranth" was engrained in all her children who served~AMERICAN AMARANTH
The #candy bowl at the research desk has been replenished, as has the plate full of Teddy Grahams.
Found St. Lawrence's church outside York. This monstrous old beauty has a desecrated graveyard and is surrounded by a dense housing estate:(
The mp3 for "down" is now avail for download on iTunes!! Go get it!!
I'm up starting on my work and thinking.. wow
The black keys = musical salvation
#studioquotes “: Don't ask an audio engineer how to treat the clap. #nottheansweryiurelookingfor”
we'll try to help make it happen, then!
Awesome news! I wish you the best of luck whatever you decide.
It is easier to ask for forgiveness than permission. (Except of course when it involves multiple felonies and prison rape comes into play.)
Especially now with Monta Ellis and Udoh. Combined with their already stingy D, the revamped O could help them make a run.
WS G7 tonight, FL/GA tomorrow, Pats/Steelers Sunday.
Hey bro,do you have a contact for production?
My mom is funny! She was like how the Hell u go from a convertible to a suv lol!
Going to see tonight at the House of Blues!
Very cool...Congrats!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
rappin over beats
yeah dude! The fucker was just chillin out like he was invited! Lol!
who ever is using this site to send people trojan worms, so that you can hack their accounts, you better stop. please be advised, that
Fan Fic Documentary seeks fans of all canons.
If you don't end it with "He lives in Brooklyn," why are you even writing a bio?
Wait...Management is gone! *dust cloud & flying papers*
Learning is its own reward. Nothing I can say is better than that. Michael S. Hart.
Elise thanks I needed that quote I miss seeing you on all of us and The hughleys
I love my wife.
Isn't that also why there *is* less media? Fewer people need the media to tell (or hear) those stories?
Well done to the
Corp that support charities, esp those that help families in need, THANK YOU #SWANK n #TJMaxx Let's
same! And well is scared of the thunderstorm and she won't stop talking so I can't go to sleep until she does
Guess its time for bed since she already sleep??
On break at work.... legs hurt, back hurt, & I'm a flirt....
love story? Really?
Tomorrow I'm either dying my hair bleach blonde or really dark brown..hm.
Josh: said SU prepared him for the business aspects of show biz, getting a manager, etc.
In the lab, with a pen and a pad, tryin to get this label off.
thanks for following us! Hope you can make it to our festival this year! Tickets are available on our website at...
I'm a big germ freak. I hate germs.
Most everything that says turns out to be false. I pray for Sgt Bergdahl's release & his captors' destruction.
Hey there Great to meet you. I can definitely appreciate all the hats you wear as a filmmaker.
its 4am.. no ones up so im basically talking to myself on here...
Oh, I understand. Just need to figure out which is which...
whaa really? link or it didn't happen!
It is ridiculous that Ohio State suspended football coach Jim Tressel for only 2 games. I guess all that matters to OSU is you beat Michigan
Watching "Think Like A Man" in a ghetto ass theater and observing the couple in front of me is hilarious.
welcome to twitter!
What new FB friend?
Bunch of crooks
Even though my dads birthday was the 10th we are eating cake today
if i like you, i'll stalk you
I KNEW it was going robe him!
Someone just said im bangable lol
is unhelpful again in locating a lost package...no answers. Unbelievable.
you are really good at guessing!! ;)
Im in that 2 seat lambo with your girl she tryna jerk me.
