Your best day #traveling in 7 words? Cook Islands dive, 15 minutes, 2 humpbacks
evidently. and to think I foolishly thought I was out of the woods when I got over the hypnotic effects of the cover...
Hey what's up?
more interesting than the tebow trade....sean payton suspended for a year....
Sure!! :)Thanks for the follow.
Facing Adversity with confidence, knowing I can be the change, knowing I can make a difference and make things better...
Does any use Skype anymore???
I wish this was a 3 day weekend
FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!!!! ♥
Agree wholeheartedly. "Bah-rendon, Amazing race is supposed to he fun." uggh.
this is rhetorical, right?
When my TL gets boring I tweet a lot just for fun.
I must look like a Philadelphian! Someone just asked me for directions.
Anybody looking to buy a house in Florida? Now's the time! Let me know what you want and I'll find it.
Skipping em for pretty lights was a great decision
bigger. Usually more features. But sometimes I have same feeling. Putting out a 2 dollar app in a few weeks.
I forgot the reason this came up was b/c a different sports-related inconvenience is coming to town. Scratch the half-happy.
awh :D I miss those times(:
Music stole my social life away from me. Why does that sound so oxymoronic?
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Crazy great time w/ my girl Theresa McAteer!
well bout to go take a bath
I am going to make my daf play it in the car now.
Indeed it was, but don't worry, there's always next year!
its kinda funny cause we like follow u guys at the hotels and u follow justin so now u feel what we feel lol
where the heck are you going?
HAHAHA that was hilarious! I miss watching that with you!
ITS 57 AS WE SPEAK!!!!.
God removes people out of your life because he knows your better without them. So don't try to put them back in.
With my Grandma Katie:) <3
is the reception at a bar!?
We need to get it together.
don't start your wv bashin. I'm sure not all Duke fans are as classy as you.
The more and more I think of you,the more I loose feelings for you.
YOUR AMAZING.
Weiters is my favorite Oriole since
kobe passed da ball finally lmao
no more photos ..jus real me u have to see
UX designers must be full team members. UX needs and tasks must be part of team planning.
You're the 100th person I've followed. Congrats lady
Thank you :)
<<<<<I Gotta new twitter name #don't hate
at least not the ones from the grocery store olive bar.
Just downloaded application for GSA art in architecture program, funding art projects in federal bldgs. Think there's any $ left for this!?
Had a great time yesterday being a part of the upcoming music video for "Greatest Night"! So happy to have met some more fabulous ppl!!
"So What Instrument Do You Play?" Smh I Am The Business Behind The Operation, Not The Talent...
it would make our day if you RT us Steve! 2day is our beta launch! We're out 2 forever change the way group travel is done! :)
better late than never! Looking forward to your tweets.
Guys stop believing in 2012 it's not real! It's just someone who's trying to make money! Trust me! And if you don't, just watch!
I <3 NPR, but damn, this week's stories...so hard. Remembering those who lost people in NY 10 years ago...
so much ideas. nobody to share them with
30 And, while fathering sons and daughters, Lamech lived 595 years after having Noah.
#WordsINeverWantToHear one of my favorite celebrities are dead.
keeps going higher & higher
what is "Your" music?
i have one for the hospital I work at it's great for the nurses to learn about us but we have great nurses who appreciate us
wrote Pey a letter in school today. just sent it out<21
Tayler Lofquist () Everything tasted great-my only regret was that it stopped at two plates! ;-)
Shout out from thr divas..the whole stampedn tonight
OK SO TUES NIGHT? DINAH HIT ME BACK 2. U GOT A TIME FRAME
since when are weatherman bangable?
Sleepin early might of not been the best idea lol :/
thanks for the follow family Blast that Hip Hop news our way
I think someone called me Ben Stiller on the youtube video for titanium
where and what time for showing??
Legalize it.
RT: WI Gov. Walker signs budget, slashes education $1.85B, Medicaid $500M, cuts tax credits for poor; Co's get tax breaks http: ...
you have too you can never see once.
I am currently surrounded by two laptops, one netbook, & my iP All of which are being used by me, each for their own purpose.
wwhen are you coming back??
RT : Coaching 3rd base is like business. If you go all season w/no outs, you weren't aggressive enough. Take risks.
Spelman student Brittanae Smith-McGee, C’2012 wins Limited Edition print made to benefit the children of Haiti.
Can never get enough of the Google Doodles! Today's is a fun one
Lol at my grandma having a "talk" with me.
That was one crazy commute. And given Shermageddon, that's saying something.
Having housewives cut in the Starbucks line is a
Great "pseudo-training" ride last night in GG Park w/ Next Wed, 6pm, north end of GG Polo Fld. #30daysof cycling Join us!
still needs toys for girls aged 7-12. It's not too late to donate: Volunteers are already at Golden Hall.
maybe his best album.
Every entrepreneur should keep a daily business journal - very powerful things happen
and what do you want buzz today????
Finally off work. Tired AF, I need something to do though
why did i get an email that u just started following me? lol
your dumb
looking for a strong oracle candidate in austin with red hat experience for a growing cloud company
Who is watching sunday best? www.twitter.com/BETSundayBest
my old boss (a former prof turned exec) was told by his mentor (CMO of big brand) "go to a swap meet and a NASCAR race."
Finished Resident Evil Revelations last night! Even though the campaign took only 9 hours, it was quite good!
Before portals tear our friendship asunder, what about going to Food Truck Friday tonight?
looks like a video editor i saw a long time ago...dont remember its name though
lmao RT : We're such good friends, I don't need a Facebook reminder to remember it's your birthday!
“: Yall remember how goldust was cutting edge and you thought wtf...give brodus a chance”. Thank you.
ethosIQ is seeking qualified Pashto linguists for translation and interpretation requirements for the US Army. Call 281-616-5711 for info.
yess? :) I don't really look at my @ so I just noticed this :D
Let's go Yankees! 28, here we come!
oh yeah i remember that.. u should post a flick..
You did great. I was really impressed with how you wrapped that up.
What a great way to beta test an attention getter. Elf related tweets may be the key to social networking.
Who has a nikon battery charger
you threatened me with a book -_-
Happy Easter , && Enjoy your day ( ;
we'll do it again today, buddy!
Die Antwoord is the weirdest thing I've seen lately. However, I watched "I Fink U Freeky" 4 times in a row. Thought I recognized a few.
#hunterschile hey matt
Join us for Happy Hour.... 5:30-close! $3.50 cocktail specials tonight or our $2.50 shot specials including the 'Traffic Light'!
Representing CGS as delegate at the first breakout session at
STRIP CLUB KILLA
Discovering that #Sweave works nicely with packages like xtable and reporttools: just print results as "tex"
So true. RT : Don't say a silly "I forgive" when your heart is saying a wise "go away"
Anyone interested in polishing your skills #teaching #UX & #webdesign & development to high school kids in Camden? I'm in.
I'm like theonly one who doesnt have a smart phone -_-
Should I forgive him?
I'm gonna show her what you said
about to do a job hunt!!!
thx for coverage No prob, nice job.
Is it just me or are these "c:" smileys cute? Haha
It's Sunday but it looks like a good week already!
that's 1 euphemism for depressing.....fingers and toes are crossed for the right results!
:) are you ready for prom!?
check out the creative cloud subscription. That is what I went with this time.
wuts up-How can i get a sticker?
. is delivering some quality Hurricane Irene humblebragging. Yes, but only for the Elites.
Demolition Begins at Altavista First National Bank
Check out the newest trend in keeping valuables safe. Listen 2night, 2 "Rappin Up The Night" 9:30 CST - online so you can hear it anywhere
his face just grosses me out in general. Wonder how Flames fans feel watching this run.
Hoping to hear more about apps/mobile experience beyond "guides." guides are not appropriate for all museums.
Almost done with the cybernetics paper. It is nowhere near where I'd like it to be, but life happens, huh? Too late to fix now. :/
She's such a good daughter! Lucky mom! :)
THANK U SO MUCH!!!
No prob! Enjoy, see y'all tonight at the party!
if i meet him it would be amazing if i meet robert too but i cant kiss him like u did in the picture lol
things are great thanks, have a new stylist with me too!
Bobby Roode retains... in clean fashion! Excellent Ladder Match. I surely hope he becomes the longest reigning champ in history.
I can't wait to interview you! I have to add that I have #IGetDown blasting in my car every time I drive. I love it!
Had an awesome launch team meeting tonight! There were 40 people there ready to see God do some big things! Don't miss the next one!
already have and we all shoud. Treyvon could have been anyone's son.
Hungry for a late night snack...we serve our amazing & cheap food 'till 10...nachos anyone?
I am recording on Friday, but can tell you when it will air.
I wish I had a hot tub time machine so I could go back and not watch hot tub time machine.
Be sure to listen to Chris Brown ft. Justin Bieber 'Next to you' it's truly an amazing song <3
"Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery."
how are u sis
That chick is hot though. RT : T Mobile commercials annoy the shit out of me.
": hi there. there a reason u started following me?" no one is worried about you.
whoa, I want to see you too but no need to be hasty!
What's this promise of this weekend?!
So Today My Ice Coffee Decided To Go All "Yolo" On Me And Jump Out Of Its Cup ! .. -__-
bye Andy!
The weekend doesn't start until Subday, right?
you two speak the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (LOL book we read in the 7th grade)
kc of last year was dying for a wild card...now we are in control.
Just finished performing. Larry King walked by as I was playing The Girl from Ipanema. He looks much better in person!
no prob I know it's very very early to ask but what are the chances of you coming back to fiesta next year in San Antonio
cooking for geeks highly recommended
Still listening to Talking Heads radio on This is an excellent station.
(sigh) there is a break dancer here to audition.... I SO wish I could watch :/ love me some male dancers!
Philly fans are the shit
sweet, I can't miss that
I tell you, we as a people allow WAY too many self hating paid tokens. Who cares about what Larry Elder is saying anyway...
RT : Everyone that's married is not in love. And everyone that's in #love is not married. Re-think
I let go of all judgements about where I am in my career. I feel free and light. I look forward to receiving great news this week!
And I Quote: That Y My Drink Of Choice Is Nikolai...Cuz Niggas Lie. LMFAO!
that shit is good watched it yesterday
me... I'm the help! My entire body aches so bad! It's a hot tub night for sure!
Leaving Lancaster, pizza and beer for my birthday near my office, let me know if you wanna come by... Get at me yo.
looking forward to opening night!
Thanks, ! You're GREAT :D
and The DiSC session tweets are great!
religious schools who don't hire people of other faiths get sued by the ACLU! So now penalized by healthcare definition?
Thanks to your last EPBOT post, I now *must* visit Disney World next Leap Day!
Off to the doctor this afternoon. Hoping to figure out what's had me low since Jan.
You will need to invest a lot of money for opening a bridal boutique
Who is coming to the Denver Family Institute's 3rd Annual AUCTION for ACTION!? It's this Saturday and guarenteed to be a blast!!!
So it sounds like MTV managed to bleep out the cursing. Must have been tough cause she did a TON of it!
Happy Valentine's Day! Hope you get some action tonight!!
Didnt do a damn thing but eat chinese food and help my friend clean her house.. im now home & preparing for my company picnic tomorrow.
Loving the covers on these forthcoming books!
I have a new look for twitter now:)
Moms and pops didn't raise no dummy they raised a solider Much love to my parents!
gets to sit on his arse for the next hour or so, "escorting" folks from IBM while they install expensive hardware into racks.
I MISS MY FRIEND GEORGE MAKKAS....!!
call me now.. phone issues
It's not HER past but her dad's. It's heartbreaking because millions are carrying that same guilt when they've done nothing wrong.
You match the color with the number and fill it in ...
Love a good mushy voicemail.
Getting ready to rock tonight with and
Girls fall in love with what they hear, boys fall in love with what they see. </3
Just because it's been around for a long time, though, doesn't make it the best choice. I think Garner makes room for that.
Do you know how cute you are?? ;)<3
k, now I'm really hatin'!!! Lol. They spoilin yall asses for real! Shiiiiit, coulda saved me about 10 grand back in the day
I need to grab a Snickers and stop being such a diva
the validity of reliability in symptoms, culture bias, normality and medicalization. Another research tactic really.
By the way, talking about profs and teaching generally is imprecise! We have institutions with different missions across the US.
And finally, Market: The Weeknd, Lucid: Ayron Jones and The Way and : The Maldives w/The Moondoggies
#SomeWhereInTheHood #somebody smoking crack
yes sir!!! What's good life??
Listen to a 27yr old Multi-Millionaire who was sleeping on a twin size bed at his dad's house less than 2 yrs ago. Call at 3PM EST...
What do you think of our new website?
Glad I got to work on 2 quilting projects yesterday. It did the spirit good.
“: What's the point of the broom standing up? Someone explain.”
Good Afternoon. We would like to confirm that an email has been sent to you on behalf of our company honoring your request.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James #quotes"
Watching FootLoose, aw the begining is so sad ):
ive bn bck in the us for a while now bt im still astonished whn I stop at a red light next to a beggar w my window down and thy dnt touch me
is my fav hotel. My mom and dad used to take me when I was a kid. Amazing memories. Loved afternoon tea with my mom. Xo
Make your dreams happen.
I'm thankful for everyday I live. Thankful that in God's design he planned it so your path crossed mine. Thank you followers & friends!!!
Learning about Mitticool & other faster better cheaper emerging mkt innovations. Cc:
Finding old high school CDs in your car is like finding treasure.
I'm for stand ur ground. SYG advocates need to flip this on its head & get behind Treyvon's right to stand his. It's upside down
Nice! Those look fantastic!
Great suggestion!! RT: “: needs to have co-host one morning!”
don't worry, is is okay! He just needs stitches on his lip. He was hit in the face with a lifeguarding tube and it cut th ...
« Maybach trying to hoop I might quit my job to go hoop lol» lol u work tomm?
Have you ever got sick of not being able to find any eggs and just steal someone else's...
Hello Sterling how are you? :)
Alright folks. We are headed to New Orleans this Thursday...we've been before but want to hear from you: best food, venue, sites, etc...go
Thanks for the tweet!
Ha! Cool. Look out for a typo or two that I haven't gotten around to correcting.
REI should organize a Zombie survival sale - or a 12/21/2012 pre-apocalypse special.
Today didn't start off right, so please don't piss me off in any way liable to snap asap
we love big bang too, didn't know you guys watch, read somewhere the color of shirt Sheldon wears determines his mood, clever!
loll nice ash
can probably comp u. Otherwise $12 or $15
eMarketer: 'AOL Bets $315 Million on Arianna, Buys Huffington Post to Build 'New American Media Company'' via , - ht...
about 50% of girls cut there hair for this reason... What is it?? answer..for their driver's license picture
You seem crabby today... I think I may avoid your office...
Engraved at Things Remembered: "I.Y.Q Sound It Out"
I am a wreck. Lol
craving starbucks so bad
still do. which is weird for me.. is magic.
I didn't know!
I'm glad you missed up the schedules bro I'm telling jose that you need to prove paper work
My little sister leaves today for four months study abroad in India. So excited for her (and the teensiest bit jealous I'm not going too).
Will rental bikes be available during the Garden Party on the 3rd?
Anyone else #blown Dale Hunter isn't returning to the #Caps next year? We had a good run in playoffs
I do not get here 5 min early so customers can get here 5 min early. Eff off people. We open at 7:30, not 7:20 or 7:25.
#ImHopingThat one day ill be good enough for you.
Wow I love LA after a good rain , air feels and smells so clean. It's the start of a beautiful day, full of promise and possibilities
~ Hey Mark! Follow me? THANKS! Blessings...
my laugh sounds like my brother's
Beastie Boys' MCA died today... This is truly a sad day...
hey we had an off game. Still gonna be a number one seed though!
'When you take a chance, ever wonder who you took it from?'
Have a scotch on City Grocery's balcony for me! & give Richard Howorth a "Hell" as he bicycles by en route to
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate & Sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS. Mind = Blown.
That was just a minor bump in the road! *shrugs*
How many more injuries, Justin Morneau/wrist...
Thanks for the promo I love you!!!
"keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart ...."
My college friends make me sick! They're out for summer forever!!!
RT Please rain ☔☁
I hate choir class.
I know they're dumb but they're also a large majority. People AGREE with Romney, Santorum and all those other jerks.
Used half & half this morning instead of milk
Did you know interned under Carl Kasell from ?
That's my dad's bank! Are you guys working with them now?
Money still the motivation
just the 'coolests'. - RT: Stream a new track from coolest parents around, Peaking Lights, "Westbound."
Help Me Believe.
Thanks for all the b'day wishes. I had a great day and am still enjoying last night's Timbers' win. See you tomorrow!
The fascination of the abomination?
That's awesome! Remember you can use the scheduler in hootsuite to space tweets out instead of flooding your feed all at once.
You gotta appreciate an AG who calls us cowards about race, but when a guera brings up race, to delve into it, she is playing the race card.
That sounds neat ;) Have a nice time!
no I had work. I never get to watch the suns play anymore cause of work. Did they win??
lolz, this is your face.....now watch me punch it.
God don't make anybody ugly! Everybody is beautifull! But IS STILL THE MOST BEAUTIFULL BOY I'VE EVER SEEN!
#IWishPeopleWouldJust Be nice to each other
And strikes out the first hitter lol wtf
Well crap! Thanks a whole lot
Hate to break it to ya like this. The good one's probably showing soon at a theater nearby, though, You can still save yourself.
the story is about my life mainly centered around my absence in entertainment industry. Comedy, inspiring, & dramatic.
": I get my braces off TOMORROW!" OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG :D ♥
Lol!I get so confused looking for people on Twitter. I never know who's who. Heehee
haha me and working on that! asap i promise!
I'm guessing it's too late to get our money back on the Louisiana Purchase.
has finally changed her avi after about 2 years everyone! 😂👌
": "i love juice, juice makes me happy, yes. its sweet and it has a lot of flavors." THIS MADE MY DAY <3
Turn me up when you feel low <3
Note to self: #Hairspray goes on my hair, not my mouth -_-
Is it just me or does it seem that O'Brien refuses to run with the ball?
Btw, I'm a big fan of Jon Fitch's new idea of talking smack... at least if that's what he's going for in order to stir things up...
Performing at CHEETAHS, but not in that way...
u guys are wastin my time nd my life I hav a game 2 go play if I die IDGAF!!!!!
Some choices may seem hard to make at first...but in the end the right choice will present itself!
Heat fans y'all just be happy your team ain't the Knicks or the Bulls
I'm not mad at you ... hence the :) face
having a relaxin sunday =]
I know, that's why I was so happy for you. Good job!! 8'D
2012 goals: Learn 2 new languages, travel abroad, shoot more sexy pics, continue mma training, & waste zero time on losers! Whats yours?!?
And Vancouver could ruin the parlay after the first two win! Luongo sucks!
True. But I do not think enough to hurt him too badly. It would be the case if there was strangely low voter turnout
What would music be without sound ?
RT “: The sexual tension on that stage is palpable.”
you do realize that whole is spelled with a "w" right? LOL
Ok AT&T + Verizon. RepublicWireless offering unlimited voice data + text 19/mth. Virgin is $25/mth. Time for you to step it DOWN a notch.
ALWC tomorrow morning 1030AM&6PM. We will be singing the song of the redeemed as we launch into the final leg of our fast - RESURRECTION!
hahahaha, what a punk
you're most certainly welcome! We'll have abt a mth b4 classes start, so we're looking 4ward to discov'g our new hometown ;)
Giveaway coming Soon!!!
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
There is no formula with God. Period. So there are no formulas for the person who follows him. - john eldrige
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy. <3
damn.come celebrate xmas in the old terrazas house and it would have.. this year not so much, otherwise i'd invite ya to cali
Ok I know exactly what I'm going to send u what r u recording on
In my opinion the world would be better without me.
Hoping everyone we know in Oslo is OK. - we're so glad to hear that you are safe. Our thoughts are with you all.
Looking forward to tomorrow's meeting!
me too... Colin is FUCKED UP!
Writing with the talented, future hall-of-famer, Aaron Raitiere today! Pumped!
Its live as fuck up in here
TONIGHT AT ALL ASIA!!! Melissa Myatt and the Chase...6PM
We signed the lease! (FB)
great to hear you're racing in Long Beach! Excited to watch u race again at the beach
Lots of chokin' going on...
Yes, 200 Stuart St. Boston!
are you the fine genre who sponsored this after party at slane
Yes. I listen to mine this way all the time. Assuming the model supports text to speech, headphones will work.
If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done. -Ludwig Wittgenstein
great photos, but i can't find it on the Historypin map. you can also embed your content map/list on yr site
I DO NOT STALK YOU. oh by the way, your out of milk. ;}
Anchoring the Morning News on KXL. Need Sleep. Nap time in T-minus 4 hours and counting...
I miss ashley # heart broken
RT if you're online. (follow me I followback)
AAAAAAAHHHHH!!! gotta go... to the fall classic!
Thanks, Steve! Appreciated your advice on the e29 Garage Project for Cleveland Plain Dealer.
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza blow my pizza
when are we doing lunch? ?
ya, DM me please :) Appreciate it!
Dont ask me why I have scars if your the one who gave them to me.
Thank you for coming! RT is doing an a amazing job. Enjoying the UNITY....
Hey,everybody!!...Tell your mothers I said,"Hi!"...Oh..and tell them I'll call them tomorrow..maybe..hehehehehe :3
Didn't get the hype with Spotify. It didn't seem to do anything Pandora or last.fm didn't do already.
I want to be with you, but your too beautiful :(
The spring cocktail list is in full bloom and ready for tasting. Stop in for $6 cocktails and $2 for ANY artisan cheese.
OMG!! Yoda is dying :'(
Thanks again for having us! We loved every minute of it!
waking up and feeling even more tired.. /:<
wats good where u @@??
You can make many plans, but the LORD’s purpose will prevail. (Proverbs 19:21 NLT)
i wanna see it ^.^
anyone know if has a fan mail address??? love to send some appreciation for just being a wonderfully lovely human being:)
Thanks for the shout out. ps- Pt. Reyes rules!
can you play "Sweet Love" by !
Wake Up!!!
Oh the hard house has had me groven all day!!
Angela Perley and Miss Molly Winters will be performing at 3rd and Town St. at The Columbus Marathon on Sunday from 8-10am.
Is there anything better than the moment when a little kid realizes they are on a jumbotron?? Love seeing it in their eyes when they get it.
Fertility is hot.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right! Henry Ford
Looking to talk to someone who has sold sponsorships for a small company. I have some questions.
I KNOW RIGHT!!! I like died laughing
Your new stuff is super inspiring...you are a true songsmith.
thats a good thing for you.
May 15th can't come soon enough :)
cause you're an annoying bitch?
when is her wedding?
You are too funny! A man of balance, L. ;)
at work fool... But my dads on his way to the house
“: Who is heading to LAS next week? #BlackHat #fb” < see you there. drinks.
lol i had to put thye rest of the tracks/bars on my facebook. evan mario marsh
Forgot one shoe to work. One shoe. How do u forget one shoe?
Every time customers ask your for the service you were PLANNING to give them - you missed an opportunity & opened a door for another.
Austin has too many people that are there JUST for him. I don't know if its good to have him back. They dont care about the others. I <3…
i'm gonna survive! i still have lots of things to do!!! I can't die yet!!!
In legit a ticking fucking time bomb.
So far the classes are easy compared to the rigor in the books. I'm OK with that given how few hours there are in theday
Where can I download the stems/tracks of 's song "The Sun Is Down"? cc:
So sorry I cancelled my first reservation! Lost track of my boss and had to change plans. Look forward to using y'all soon tho!
Where u all gonna watch the game at on Saturday?
South Park :D
Social media more than ROI, need to track all you can get in return.
People online are like bloodhounds in the woods. The find an follow a sent. #testingwins via
tears come easily with a broken heart and its not that mines is broken at all it's just torn in two half for me and half for u :( </3
Man I need too get some sht done asap
Like bitch I'm da shit
Correction: The Mystery Book Club meets at 7 pm, not 2 pm. Sorry!
hahaha i love it #huucrewdoe excellent
trying to make it happen. Still need a partner in crime.
Let's make these last 3 hours BIG! #giveBIG San Diego!
Erin are you ever going to sen me your autographed pics :)
I'm a nerd.
And the dress hunt begins
plzz dont tell me the rumors r true about u justin we luv u no matter wat well sorport u all da way luv u 
This is an exciting week! Moment to moment I am choosing happy ;)
fuck no. All orange and black over here... Just someone who thinks your cover is pretty weak. I'm sure you'll get over it
Q5: Magazines like Rebook and Woman's Day
Wauwatosa Fire -- M/A fromOak Creek, Greendale and Brookfield. Fire Bell canteen to scene.
Found it. WMLW Channel 7. Thanks for nothing college football (who cares?).
When its best for u to talk its not always the right time for me
next time try the comments on a YouTube video
Four weeks until the next #Fringe !? #WTF #Pissedoff !!
How is Spirit Airlines still in business? Some of the worst policies and service in the industry = haven't flown them in years.
we need to hang soon, ladyloo
#Baskets, #blankets, #food, and #good times. Gotta love Picnic in the Clinic!
If you stop following because I unfollowed you you're petty. I had a reason. It's because your tweets suck.
same to u bunn, and happy new years!
Your "Goodnight" text make you worth dreaming about.
Interesting :) so, what are those 5 questions?
Try pencil and paper?
#flipclass I've had a couple kids make vids both former and current students.
Lunch has transformed my tummy into an arena for battling dinosaurs.
What do I have to do to stop the stalking calls? Yesterday, as an example was 5 times. I have been a customer since '04.
lol...aww mane....what color was u look'n for bruh...
What San Diego bars carry your vodka?
not really looking forward to these next 4 hours of studying :/ faaacckkk
Who's at Marcon today?
The Attitude of Gratitude opens the flood Gates of Blessings. #Jesus #God -- Mother Rose ()
Talked to earlier. We bout to start hitting these streets every 3 months! Starts in June. Stay tuned.
we start at 9
Watch yourself little lady! I will be in contact with your security team tonight.
Yes! Live action Harley #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question.
lol i will. ill bug the shit out of him until he follows me haha
So sad & weird to see women built like the Tazmanian Devil
Preparing to shoot my latest project (my apt) with photographer John Davis.
It's really not that hard to even fake a personalized looking message. But that ReverbNation shit definitely ain't gonna cut it.
if we could get any actor or actress to do a guest class at teen actor's lab, who would you want it to be?
I'd kick you in the vagina, but im afraid I might lose my shoe "/
What other members of congress and Candidates support #Occupywallstreet #OWS ??
"war on religion". Take another shot!
Great post, incredible story of one person making a difference, please keep posting such inspiring stories! I RT'd!
How do you explain to someone that they're gay, but not. Yet they still are? But aren't?
The peer is farther than it seems.
how was your brunch? My 9 year old likes to call rainy days liquid sunshine!!! On to this week..
Going since 5am. Gads the pool better still be open.
Shot a Family, a Dog, a Quarterback, a Model, and a Newborn today!
- Of course. Isn't everyone?
Wondering how many times people will try to be funny tonight & tweet something like: "At the Hunger Games...at my house! Pizza on the way!"
Friday night crowds...SMH
GOPers: If you liked Trump then Bachmann then Perry then Cain then Newt, you can still hate Mitt but not b/c he changes his mind.-
thanks bro
Hearing all that stuff has put me off you completely
man stll rainin guess im stuck n da house Z!!!!!
haha not to u my Andrew 
Chris is coming over so we can start demoing for our cd!
572 is my guess for actual...announced will be 13, 452
Doctors & hospitals like to push unwanted #X-rays/ #CAT scans since its a high margin/ easy money treatment.
RT Pitching well, always been a top prospect : i got him great #fantasybaseball pick up
Palate design, execution, ambiance and service one of the best in the city. Worth every penny and return visits!
Just had a photo Shoot wit
Good Night, okay?
States cooperated and competed for resources, in some cases waging wars
I hate my bus driver she so stupid she writing me up just because I was telling someone to stop uploading a video of me to utube
jillyjill101: I was so naive as a kid, I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
Easter services today across 5 states! centralonline.tv for locations & service times #hoperising Happy Easter!
RT 147 years ago today J. Wilkes Booth was put down like the scurrilous dog he was. R not IP, scum.
Tell her I said happy birthday!
Knew Valverde was going to blow that save before he even took the mount. Love Opening Day!
I just realized how sad my life is that I'm happy it is about to storm so my yard looks better.
Date night with at the Hungry Cat
Why are we up at nearly 1 a.m. consoling a 10-year-old over a lost pocket knife?
my apartment smells like heaven. and by heaven, i mean fresh baked cookies.
Then gonna kill that free buffet
yes! Treat adults like children! Although, they might get confused when they run out of hands....
I wish I wasn't so awkward. But who cares?
agreed RT : Who bought lotto tix?
I like the chances tonight. Wolfy's gonna be effective tonight.
The meaning of life is the meaning you put..live free and die free...#real life
Been going ham lately.
: Kelly looks absolutely beautiful! I know she's naturally pretty, but you made her stunning.
RT Just follow , easiest chance to win $100 #dwebhut, #follow,
Yes we do! RT : has late night happy hour after 10pm Monday thru saturday. Yes.
Thank you again. Keep in touch.
How are you guys?♥
If #Crosby gets a hat trick, they may have to shut down Consol.
Going to JazzAhead in Bremen next week. Showcasing Vinx. Anybody going? Let's meet up.
you should follow me and becuz we love u ❤
I understand! I hope you find what you are looking for! Mine means a lot to me. I don't know! hahah
Three! Make that Three apartments I'm checking out tomorrow! Ah hah hah hah.
For a tagline line I would def use committed, it just sounds more business like :)
a couple days ago when I jacked u up...
Dreamland! Faiderville! Al Davis is a God-ville!
be there ina minute
Eurosport player plus vpn is the >$10/month pain free solution for cycling pleasure
I didn't know you had depression :'(
Thanks for the shout out. come on in & check us out. We are 30-70% off retail price w/ brands you love from the full line store
People say it's too cold one day.. Then too hot the next.. Be content for once in your life..
You do realize CT can say whatever he wants...right? He makes more money than the rest of us.
May have found a home for Vadelle. She's such a sweet dog I hate to see her go but my dogs are stressed over her. I can't have that.
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort. -Gloria Steinem
Slow-moving Saturday morning.
I'd feel better about it if AJ wasn't pitching Game 4.
Pharrell Sells Beats at $100k a Pop Why Cant You?
: i will never be the kind of women that changes who i am make a man happy
I disagree
“: Twitter is currently the only social network that your parents haven't ruined.” lol
NBA Mid-Season Awards Up on www.benchplayersports.com. Let us know your thoughts on the awards.
twitter is not the new text message sloth
According to a CEIR study, 25% of exhibition mgrs use social media to target audiences, & only 12% of corporate brands use social media.
TONIGHT WILL BE PERFORMING AT THE KINGDOM... BE THERE
Excited to get hired by UNIQLO. I got this ^_^
yes.. will send it.. can you give me the weight of your child.. will make it easier to price it .. Thanks
bahaha I don't miss those days at all.
Thanks Ms Gill ... It's always an honor ... Hope you are well. J
nice blog post for a Monday Morning. Not just whether, but how, to lighten up.
What does do with his day off?
#FF rad girl fronted punk bands:
#koreavalentine How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breath and height your wallet can reach....
Followback me ! It can be gift for me at christmas (˘ʃƪ˘)
for your pro memberships do you have student rates?
Riding with to the car dealership to get my new whip G35
or when you're drunk
no problem! :)
Nothing is so much enjoyed by some men as a practical joke; and the greater the annoyance they can occasion the greater their delight (1850)
Excited to hear that! (:
ill try, thank you so much
Now the #Jets have two shitty quarterbacks.
Done with numbers for awhile there is to many!
So he picked the jets??????? RT : Denver has agreed to trade Tim Tebow and a seventh-round pick to the Jets
Got Prince!
Report marks largest failure rate of U.S. public schools to meet federal standards since NCLB took effect
love the website. I'm sure it gives strength to others.
OMG! I just had my first national comm audition! Woo Hoo! Wish me luck! This is one of my goals for 2011!!
Shabazz been working in the gym for that NIT Appearance next year.
- Hey, thanks for the RT on the 5k event!
i guess that link is a little slanted (just googled the stones and that was first link) it's an interesting monument though...
I feel your pain. Josh walked in with Stack'd and I'm on day 15 of the juice. diet The smell is pure heaven.
Canadian cities like Montreal, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver, Victoria, and Winnipeg. Canadians don't understand the Pan-Am Games are (next)
Seriously..I hate that fucking justin bieber..He is such a gay..😂😂
u askked what the prank was...
it is comedy gold Miss Birthday Girl! Have a great one!
and gets done at 12am. There will be live music and so much more. Please visit our website at wildtigerbar.com
The theme 'Unity in Diversity' speaks to the nature&character of South Africa& the mission of the #ANC to unite in their diversity.
nun much doing what i do what about u kuz
Applied behavioral science and modern tech engagement methodologies over big data analytics will be the future for next gen smart grid serv…
are your classes full or something?
Steve Tisch, getting in a shot on Dallas!
Clerk at handled my credit card like it was a #meishi - wondering if that is intentional?
Another day another taff...
•Love is blind and marriage is eye-opener. ---Unknown
IS TODAY THE DAY YOU WILL FOLLOW ME ? ? ? ILL LET YOU DECIDE <3
#PeopleShouldStop Bullying and discriminating. We are ALL created equal. No matter race,religion or sexual orientation.
Goodbye weekend, hello True Blood! Starting fresh and making my momma watch. Far superior decision to Twilight.
Not only is his heart is amazing but he has a sex game to match!
There is an awesome beach just BEFORE the entrance to 17 Mile drive if you come from north. @ Spanish Bay.
Wish Macs weren't so expensive. Ended up buying another PC today bc my last one called it quits last night.
God given gift, so so sad.
Talking poo is where I draw the line.
I suspect so.
Thx for the RT Caleb. Hope all is well!
How many pitches is Lowe at?
Italian restaurant owned and operated by Hispanics???
Been up for 2 hours already...getting all my facts...its car shopping day!
love you tom!
Hi Kim!! Thank you getting this together!
Damn I miss him aint seen him n like a week
What was doing hours before his last round at the #Masters? Tweeting about Easter and celebrating Jesus. Pretty awesome...
I'd like for you to meet the love of my life his name is the game
I love this! RT Plan the work and work the plan.
"Of course we take care of our women. We don't let them out of the house. Imagine the conversations..." Hillary on women's empowerment
Lol hello (: how are U ?
BREAKING: Denver plans to break out emergency side street plow program starting tonight
you both should give hockey a shot
Just sent husband to Home Depot to get a stud finder. Praying he has to ask for help.
#awkward the moments u need sum1, & no1 is there- especially when u show that you care
thank you
I love
in yearbook
the thing i love the most about mike mayock is that he never seems to be bs-ing... that said shut up marshall faulk
not stupid. I think there's something to be said for going out on your shield and not tapping. I can have an opinion.
I judge the severity of every storm by how much my cushions blow around the balcony...eh, wimpy storm
Leaving my frands today.
Giants win a game before Red Sox! Took Zito to get us first win.
The Magic of Monk with Jeff Antoniuk & The Jazz Update starts now!
My dad is the best<3
Wat he said.....RT : And If you're fighting more than you're fucking... it's time to move on.
Most improved player of the yr has to be danny green! Vital part of our success.
The incompetence at the helm of the program is way more destructive than any "gambling scandal"
oh he got that cane goin!!!
ITS TERRIBLE! talk with your family or teachers! im so so sorry! i think its dengerous. ;(
of course i know!! Been waiting for it. I'm surprised it's not being made a big deal. I may move to Canada just for tomorrow
Glad to connect via
Nice, good to hear. How's acting treating you?
Deer Vibes this Sunday May 31st@ THE TEN ELEVEN (formerly The Warhol) 1011 Ave. B with Golden Lights, Western Giants, This Old House & Maxx!
The fact tht the two things back to back on twitter was eww no and the next was whores these days lol
real women drink beer AND johnny walker
Created my first flash graphic today for a website I'm working on!
ohh ok. I like her.. Wish she didn't die.
hahaa for half a second I thought you had ashton kutcher as your profile pic but then I looked closer my bad lol
Live! Jairam calls quitting reports &#39;most juvenile&#39;
It wasn't the best movie ever though
So many people in Old Town for Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo that phones are not working!
middle finger up in the sky
happy mothers day (: today = the day I thank the 3 women who have guided me through my life & who will always be there . MOM , DINA & JASARA
Thanks united for getting me ORD a little early. Sadly i missed the last 5minutes of hawaii five 0 :) ... Glass half empty tweet.
If you're ever back in Madison we'd love 2 have you on Channel 27's morning show. No hair-cutting duty this time
That is at your beck & call with the clap of a hand... yess...
Why buy the cow when you get the sex for free?
Gaining knowledge and losing scruples
are you going??
Today 1875: Madison Free City Library opened to the public, becoming the first public library in the state of Wisconsin.
I had to follow this woman right here, seen her perform and fell in love with her lol, follow ya teddybear back iight
yola... you only lie all the time
If the Cavaliers draft Thomas Robinson they're trading Tristan Thompson
“: Just dropping in to say hello” <-- How are you? Been praying for you. :)
The book, The Call Of The Wild, is an amazing book!<3
What takes more steps lebron driving to the hole or the cha cha slide?
Ah, can we say the same about you all...? thanks for the love!
OMG the SUN is actually out?! WOW
yes u r
spending time in Austin for work. ready to go home and be back to normal. HOw about you?
what's good? Its not my music its !
I still have no idea what that stupid bottle has to do with books
Thanks Ashley! You too... Are your ny plans?
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 24.
Who you pulling for in the Belk Bowl? I'm behind Loui...I like birds. PS, what is Belk?
History is key factor in plant disease virulence
RT : , Hey Can you replace Beer Money with #twitterbaseball ?
i just LOVE it when politicians play chicken with our lives. How Fun! Now --who's up for a House cleaning?
Saw Amelia Gray read from THREATS tonight. Pretty fucking awesome.
Now or never Crew
OK. Publix's desserts are pretty good. you good...
Amazing to me how many clocks I have to adjust in my home twice a year - something tells me I'm obsessed with time ...
let's do something fun then!!!
RT : You were much better as Shannon Burke's butt licker, you should beg for you old job back
it has to do with the Denver Broncos….stay tuned for clues and details...
Lovin my new phone. Droid FTW!
Really? Damn, it probably didn't go through cuz I did it on my phone, I'll try again on my laptop when I get home :)
The move's a bit hectic but NZ will be a blast...
they are either asleep or they don't care. Some of them will wake up but will it be too late?
#youcantdateme if you can't respect me or treat me like the queen that I am. smh at you playing YOURSELF
We have to tread water for 2 mins with just our legs 0_o ...I need to get these thighs prepared!
Oh don't get me wrong man, I LOVE Orjan's music, but when I think of Legend, I think of AvB, PvD...
Adam and Tony r dating haha
44 more LIKES and we hit 900!!
Its suppose to be hot as hell today and I gotta work. I haven't seen the swimming pool much this summer
Woah. Is that my cue?
face Insanebro...ur ships r sunk, nothing u can do about it;) lol
lol its okayy :) they still really cool lol plus it showed u put time into it :D
About to get ready for a long wrk day tommrow! About to feed zay & bath time it is!!!
I am at the bottom of a puppy pile. #bliss ... P.S. there is some major snoring going on
going to go meet the director!!!! Hooray!!!!!!! movies :)
What kind of a world do we live in where people have no clue what a pop culture phenomenon LOVE STORY was?
we need to partner up. #TeamJoose and
. talks about teaching students how to infer models from using online databases, becoming critical users
Great day on the Lower East Side at and Worth braving the cold to visit!
It feels good 2 hear some1 say "Take care". But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say "I will take care of u."
IMMA TWEET YU ONE TIME ... !! Happy Anniversary . Lets see if yu see this tweet since it the first time I tweeted yu all day<3
Hollywood Young it's been so long!So excited to be here!Come sling some sammies w/ us til 10!1898 N Young Circle Hollywood
On vacation in LA. Had a fun drive down Highway One. Stopped in Big Sur for massage and soak at Esalen and the Hearst Castle. Nice!
Ive never been truly inspired by an artist until stepped onto the stage of . Hes why Im getting back to my music.
So... The Caps need a new coach, I vote Alan May. Would be interesting.
alright, cool! :) see you there!
I'm going to Philadelphia in 4 days for my 8th grade trip!! I'm soo excited!! :)
If healthcare reform happens, will providers sign up to make less and have more regulation? Only time will tell.
Last night's sermon was on point for me. "Certainty in uncertainty". I feel better already. Confidence is returning. Have faith!
no u aint
nicee (: haha. Are you still gonna be here tomorrow?
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time. ~James Agate
miss you James! Can you post some vids soon. Love your cute voice.
jen is phoney nd try play clueless
is at a faculty meeting and feeling a little overwhelmed
LOL. I HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 5 AM. I THINK IM GONNA GET SOME ZZ's.
So glad you came by!
And im over you...just like that^_^ on to the next
wow big pharma advertorial/damage control. You should be ashamed. Boo! You should tell readers when money changes hands.
A crow just flew full speed into my office window. Pretty sure he is dead.
Oh shit I was working all day and didn't get a chance to get tix. Hope they're still avail!
Good news/Bad News about Europe: Good: It'll take another shock or two for the US to reform. Bad: Europe could provide one hell of a shock.
just say, sorry not omg or anything.
I am glad I could be of service, LOL!
New LIVE episode tomorrow featuring Molly Sharrow, Kurt Branagan (), and Mike Buzzelli ()!
Looking for leaders in your organization? You have to be a leader in order to spot a leader.
Hehe I can't, I need to study :o xo ♥
I can only imagine...she was probably one of our "regulars"!
OPC baby! I love it.
"I knew this whole time you were just an asshole and now that things are better for me, you want them better for you."
Thank you for the mention :)
Paris would be cool!
The United States Treasury just took my money.
Listening to Roman Reloaded !>.<!
Aw you won't be for long tho, you're too cute!
Ill start by kissing u up and down ur body. Next, Ill lick and suck on ur nipple til they're puffy and hard...
Dont be a hater! haha RT WE DON'T NEED A SHOT OF THE FUCKING CHEER LEADERS , TNT. TIP BLAZERS, NOW
Speak well of your friends. Pray 4 your enemies. Say very little about yourself. And praise the successes of others ~
I feel lile suffocating my face in this pillow <3 , i have mixed emotions /: , (: , -___- , o_O ,>_< ..
Lunch time Mke. Thats Maki Roll Combo for 11.95 time. Thats 18 pieces of some of your favorite sushi & miso soup. Thats what I call a deal.
are you tracking usage of the mobile site?
Its PRELIMS DAY!!!! Look out world!!!! We came to change the scheme and alter the mood!!!!
Fuck this train. (I feel like I'm back in San Marcos)
They call me Rubber Neck! RT : How do ya say there, milky licker?
Ha. I think he's talked about education needing more money about 4 times.
The secret to having a good birthday is to have low expectations.
Thanks again to everyone who supported us last week! We're excited to have & here this Friday
Just got another "urgent" voicemail from the bank. Are you kidding me?!
well said.
seriously even once and a while is okay but as i scroll down every tweet is sulia. I dont want to have to click to get point.
Tech Lab just felt an earthquake originating in Virginia.
So now I'm writing a video game
would love to create lists on the fly, tag specific tweets (and share)
I am quick to give one of these clowns the business. I am not playin wit none of these little boys
So doesn't work with IE? Nevermind then, i'll stick to pen and paper.
vegetable garden winner was another garden that we judged. north newark reppin!
NOT GUILTY REALLY???
The best part of the work I do (besides learning and loving it) is creatively providing solutions to make lives easier. Back to tinkering!
Sweating #wsop $50k, all 4 of these guys disrespecting the
hey :) are you going to the BD premiere in london? x
Do you pretend that you do not see my tweets?
"Fuck daylight savings time." -SXSW staffers with morning meetings
Does anyone know of a good book about the Crusades?
yes...I will be at Wacker & Van Buren at 12:00 tomorrow
perhaps perhaps!
hey hun, how are you?
Live from Dickstrong Sporting Park, in Cauldronado.
BOWL HI LANES in Huntley tonight and Tomorrow night for the 4th Annual COUNTRY CARES FOR ST. JUDES KIDS benefit! Only $20
i can only hope for you it gets better from there.
how dare you
his nickname is #thebigfundemental. Don't get it twisted! He's the best power forward to ever play the game!
Who would think this lady would walk out her house - in Flats & not wear lotion >.< smfh
Thanks for asking about our VA office staff. Our office is about 6 miles from the accident so our reps are safe & sound ^CH
Since Oprah's departure, all one has to do is make an entire series on one of her episodes.
Any friends who can share G+ invite with me? Thanks!
Be sure to watch us on Daily Talk with D'Andra and Dee today at 1pm!
very nice. That's good for business. Hope the trend continues.
yes on Jewett
“Teaching is only demonstrating that it is possible. Learning is making it possible for yourself.”
hey my dm's aren't working for some reason. But I read the majority, and yes I will.
Heads up- I have pink eye. So if you touch my eyeball be sure to wash your hands before you touch your own eyeball.
When my DD was 3 she really wanted to wear makeup. While she was supposed to be sleeping, she made herself over with markers
Hahaha she stole his car though. this movie is crazy
Congrats to everyone in the TechStars Boston class! Sounds like you're all rocking #tsdemoday!
#ff the absolutely GOREgeous and talented ! She is the best woman a #livingdeadgirl could love!
Hello World!
thanks to the daybreak crew. Hope the risotto served as a nice mid-morning snack.
new site looks great! almost as nice as cleanlink!
I'm into overbites
you should have changed appt. its fine. I am getting past it now...a little.
with raw logs, you're able to apply scripts to organize the data in various ways. (that's what you're seeing via your blog)
What kind of traffic? I have a guy who provides great hosting, on ur own server, and is pretty cheap. Hit me up if u need him.
I've played banjo for about 2 yrs. now and am just around to learning Foggy Mountain Breakdown tonight.
thanks for being awesome!
On the road again...almost to Cincinnati.
should get excited for what TheWife and I have for his big 3-0.
Truly impressive turnout Legal Community Breakfast right now! #
Why did God ever have to make a stupid Xbox live for? Now my bf hardly ever talks to me sence he bought some new surround sound headphones:(
is 25% complete with one of his classes. Summer term is awesome! (Wow! Did I just say that?)
Pool with me, myself and I. Just the way I like it! :)
which would mean that I would have more miles today than you = FAIL
My love/hate relationship with College 😭.
be sure to follow our friends from Baltimore and check out their music!
People ignore me & then get mad when i ignore them back foh yo
Loved, loved, loved kettlebells today SaMo. Yet again, you brought it! :P
So will CHEN WIN first one against us?
Dont feel well.
Oovoo me plz i need to get cheered up ever sense i brought up my miserable memories im depressed D: :((
Mary is the best secret keeper. Later Lavinia.
“: Paying tribute to MCA from Beastie Boys today during Yesterdays Lunch. What can we play for you?”
So if you tweet something and no one reads it, does it still make a sound?
I don't see the hype in Bing,.. maybe there's something I'm missing.
Her organs hurt x)
Thanks! Dan put it together and I painted it--a fun, if extremely time-consuming, project.
How tf Zimmerman get 150,000. He is a police officer.
If the 'E had the intention to sign him as a big man type, then this shouldn't be an issue.
thanks! I am munching as I tweet this! LOL!!
I want to man. Right now I'm for sure coming at end of summer. Might be able to sneak in a wknd before then though.
Dude I know!!
is CRAVING a full and productive rehearsal this weekend!
The fact that you know I'm a jealous person but still continue to do it <<<<
If your dog or cat is vomiting pink or bloody-bring in for exam.
hunger games totaly!!!!!!
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger :) Thank you !
WHO'S READY FOR A ALL NEW SHAKE IT UP TONIGHT?!? -Because I AM!!!!! :]
call me
I've been great :) & you?
Follow Me ?(:
has he seen the picture?
Luda but more eloquent? ;D
don't forget (drought)
Wife just kicked me out of the house! She said that Ella's nap time is her alone time. I get it, here I come.
Happy birthday
“: I'm not even tired .___.”
My early rising friends should come to Sunroom Cafe and keep me company. No one's here and I'm so bored 🔫
thanks girl :)
focus on task at hand and do it well
I dont feel like listening music
Fox freaks after Ron Paul wins debate.,
Also, aren't all the icebergs melted anyway?
same dreambro that's that master of funk
Love the pick. All the upside of a first rounder with late 2nd round value. Will block, catches everything and runs like RB
I know that. I mean all their songs are my favorites. ;) I could listen to it all. Of course they couldnt do them all live.
Microsoft BPOS, why do you hate me today? What have I done to you that you should so cruelly stop accepting my password?
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for helping Austy pick out the name "Mahomies". We love it<3
nba finals tweet, had to have one, still hate both teams
Still waiting on my FaceTime date dammit.
It takes Ambition 2make it... With out it u r lost as u was when u started chasing ur
...I forgot there was testing today. It's right now and I'm not even dressed. fml. On the plus side, lunch today with Jewjew&Camille.♥
#TNI topic and chat right now: world wonders!
#IADMIT I really want 1d tickets for Oakland
Thats how you keep a good attitude Adly good job brotha
What would you think if someone always saying negative things about you ?
Awesome thanks great mention
haha meet at the fountain in 10?? I jump you jump!
Islamic woman's fashion sounded interesting until she said she'd love Ed Hardy-inspired clothes. Apparently bad taste is international.
Headed to Tennessee today...provided I can get on a working plane @ LAX. Heck, , it's already an adventure!
Putin will not attend G8 meeting at Camp David. Cold War Part II?
awww I miss you too!! i need to be on twitter more lol ob-la-di ob-la-da!!
People who cannot pick up their feet shouldn't be allowed flip flops.
When she says the sweetest things <3
I'm really sick, I got my boyfriend sick, and I got my best friend sick. I'm such a great person.
ya, Julie! Laugh some for me. Love Jens :)
Ik it sucks and my mom lives in pa and I can't go!! 😢
"If I get raped ill squirm like the floppiest fish you've ever caught" bnasty everybody
If I see someone retweet that ghetto ass bitch alexis miller again I'm unfollowing you. Tired of seeing hoes on my timeline.
R.I.P. Charles "Skip" Pitts
Lauryn's sexual references >>
Free extra beer week passport available! Pickup near all day or later tonight. inquire within. :)
Hey golf fans - exciting news here! The new&improved Peter's Party website is set to launch tomorrow, Tue Feb 8.
ASU vs Illinois will be shown at Fatso's Pizza in HD on Saturday at 4pm Only on the Big Ten Network
the lakers let down in the final minute is proof that they made the wrong decision with respect to their coach....terrible choice!
Awesome! Let me know if you need anything.
Just what I need- more distractions. Chap 15, would you mind writing yourself?
If only you had my mom, you could keep reading.
Today was a productive day of script revision. Tomorrow its off to shoot the first episode :D
Stay tuned for some great new changes coming to Chewpons in the next few weeks. Stay with us...it will be worth the wait! Happy Weekend!
School starts August 8 and there is still time to sign up!
Julian Adams "Accidental discoveries for the Prepared Mind" I like that!
Cloaks are of velvet and cloth, principally. Merino is not worn nearly as much as in the past few seasons. (1850)
RT : "I feel like a miracle." - Rashida Jones, after tracing her matrilineage to Latvian Jewish extermination
Haha! I QUIT!
damn Austins sexy....
flying back to Cali after a two week absence when you in LA
We up NY this Saturday for 's event too!
are you kidding? It's the entire Visalus marketing campaign! I'm sick of the lies.
"I love the iconic boys" no clearly you don't if you can't even spell their name correctly
TGIF!! Come down for $7 lunch, happy hr starting at 3:22pm and BREWER tailgaiting! Buy 1 drink and get a FREE shuttle to & from the game!
thanks hot mama!
RT RT I honestly don't pay attention to basketball until finals..
you saw the other one right?!
Bubba begging to have a two-footer or less - geesh
What happens when an #abortion clinic employee accepts #Christ? #Novel, Alternate Choices available on #Kindle & #Nook. www.traceyperger.com
Love hurts [yeah yeah]
Thanks for RT'ing Clare.
's next login will be with a "q" on the end because she keeps hitting it anyway.
Oh my god my candy penis melted onto my phone last night!!!
Just ONE of the many ways I know it's real is...when she's gone, I really don't wanna do shit but Chill by myself...she's my best friend
RT if you skateboard
how about that combo 5' conveyor dryer/4 station/2 color?
The best Apple IIe game: TAIPAN
Diego Milito is forever overlooked in this world. such a shame
That Ravens film says YOU are gonna kiss da baby
40% of "we the people" are Homer Simpsons. Don't know what Congress or Senate much less the President can do, or who
I'm excited about the imminent beginning of basketball season!
I would do it, but I don't know enough about Diablo. Never played it.
LMFAO yes.. you didn't see that trending?
Love you girl! Thanks for the #FF!
good luck to your Elite 8 teams Wright boys. See you all in the Final Four 2013!
tbh I was invited the other day an I totally forgot until this morning sorry :-(
Guy @ walgreens: "y do u have a blue jays shirt on?" Me: "uh cuz I <3 " Guy: "that suppose to mean smthing?" -_-
Awake early and watching South Park. Last night of work this week. Jane's Addiction Friday. Comic convention Saturday. Life is good!
Bruce: a GREAT gospel tribute to late bandmates.
its hard to believe the 8th grade dance was a year ago and im almost a sophomore..
So... This week, eight cup cakes, beer, wine,chili and chips apparently helped me fit in this Talbot's dress I bought two years ago. :>
I'm digging it, it's a little Katy Perry-ish (not a bad thing) and you sound really good :)
Couldn't have asked for a better day. Way to work Blazers, great weekend. Time to keep working and winning ballgames
"Bureaucracy takes social grievances and turns them into personal problems" Chris Lasch
saint pattys is Saturday...
Interview in 13 hours. I'm so nervous and excited. I would live to have a job. Lol
Random thought: Honesty isn't always the best policy.
Thanks mayor! We welcome all #NOEW visitors to drop in & say hello! We're excited to be in the middle of the action for #NOEW!
really the one day i leave late for work columbia parkway is closed for a mudslide. fuuuuuu. so annoyed. tonight has to get better 😡
Our shirts rock!
The highest paid BLACK MALE ACTOR in hollywood is not Denzel Washington or Will Smith. It's actually Samuel L. Jackson! $90 million a movie!
Yellow diamonds in the light and we’re standing side by side as your shadow crosses mine what it takes to come alive .
I will see if dot com can post it on line.
wow. It should've said I like dex. Not that I am downplaying sex but made tweet awkward
two candidates said "I'm just sayin'" in last five min
are you saying Goodell's penalties were a condition precedent to the lawsuits? I disagree. Lawsuits focus on Pre-Goodell conduct.
Gregorian Monks like to Chant, but only
i'm doing a poetry reading at the amsterdam cafe in san francisco (937 geary). open mic from 8:00-11:00 pm. be there!
Im watching wicked tuna
#IMPD releases the name of the 2nd #Lighthouse Charter School student taken to His name is Edward Tindall,he's 7.
A5. makes me pretty solid avatars. I hope she gets some HTs.
Thank you google for free wifi at cruising altitude!
I know, me to. My moms starting to get mad cause I haven't had a job for like a month now lol
Looking foward to something later in the day just makes the day go by so slow
Kassian trending on twitter!
I have a cute and muscular security guard walk me to my car everyday after work! 😍😘
Why is my dad tryna make me go on bad girls club
what did you send me
Right back at cha...u loves you. “ it was so good to see your face today lovely...had been missing u. :)”
ugh im so bored
Remember that we have Farmers Mkts this wknd - Pearl Market Sat 9-1 HGD Foods will have LOTS of gluten free breads and pastries.
I literally feel so sick I feel like crying cuz I am working a lot and it doesn't help my sickness ugh.
Heyo!! Thanks for the follow!! What a great website. Any fashion designs featured?!
Bed time after a night at Disneyland with .
Plan B
Getting new tires so I can pass my inspection.
Watching your show right now and have to ask, are you a big fan of old school punk rock?
Bit of a disjointed start for the
Crushes = stupid things! Dropped in unannounced at one of D's gigs after not hearing from him for 4 days. Didn't go great.
Q1. They have multiple functions. They can provide a visual representation that then increases content retention.
Tomorrow is the final day to sign-up & receive the discount. Check out the Mark Clayton Football Camp website at www.footballcamps.com
Lol i take it she not black lol RT : i had to fav #oomf picture tweet last night! lol
Felicitationes! That was my BA major as well. Bona Sors...
well done. Do you have a relative who moved to germany recently?
2.6 million gone out the window
Working hard to figure how next steps....Business is such a roller coaster. Up, down, up, down....
Eyes getting low
Let go and let God have his way.....
welcome to Austin! Come join us for a Mixpotini at the #AAPC Reception, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad!
I agree in to no crash,but I do think a decline of proportion is in order with,of course, the very slow recovery you mentioned
Didn't know u could fracture ur neck with a sudden sneeze.. guess I just found out
Thanks, Barry! I will definitely check them out. Found Wix over the weekend, but will look at this one too. You are 'da Man'!
James Harden is cold
how did you do that? I love it!
nice! How'd you arrange that!?
Wow. Directing fellow actors is a pretty awesome experience. Learning a lot :)
19TH!!!!!! need tix then tell me!
Luis Palau Board is such a blessing. Godly, wise and encouraging. Great board conference call.
Ok no problem angie :DD See ya
Cool down with one of our Jolly Rancher Chillers in Cherry Orange, Watermelon, and Green Apple!
it's pretty awesome & I think you should ;) merrr
With Patrice in the room after getting injured, who else would lead the #Bruins back but David Krejci.The man has been on fire the last week
Salsa tonight at Elements! Perfect evening for dancing under the stars in KC!!! Power & Light next to the HR Block building. starts at 9:30
I can't decide which color to get ugh!! 😣
Two Peanuts were walking down the Street, One was Assaulted!
Heard from a variety of sources that hookups made at #alamw10 are being rekindled at #ala10. DM any details. ;)
for you "I'm single not because I don't pray for love. I'm single because I don't play around with love" <3 you!
No trust or belief in me whatsoever, tragic 😒
#SongOfTheDay You Loved Me Anyway-Sidewalk Prophets
from iStrategyLabs will take the stage as our closing keynote
Commission discusses Assembly districts in So Cal
people who do too much <<<<<
At the airport the TSA agent took away my Axe body spray. Presumably because it made me dangerously sexy.
I have now learned every time I'm excited a game (and hence work) will end early, always comes back in my face
I'm feeling some type of way right now
<l----- Colorado Hip Hop www.ReverbNation.com/Cynical303
I think that's keyword for his penis was smothered in chocolate!
Has anyone got their parked domains to work with google?
I'm taking xanax and wearing a hoodie. I'm screwed.
What Should I Do in Hawaii? - About - News &amp; Issues
Car GPS Buying GuideOemCarGPS Blog - gps units for cars
Not looking forward to the shopping that still needs to be done :(
Two phils tickets available section 139 row 18. hit me up if interested
Another early morning with FFA tomorrow. Ugh, all my Saturdays are taken away because of it.. I miss my #lazyness!
Also, ask me about my corner of the graph. Won’t post it, but I’m connected through S’s H, and I’m ~7 removed from Trev’s ex.
thanks you!
lol I'm sure u used the gun cheat more than u stole cars on there
what kind u want lol
"The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said." — Peter F. Drucker
Follow digital preservation conference at #fp2012. And just in case #digpres is a hashtag, there it is.
I'm starving and I can't eat until two hours until the numbness goes away :/ .
great stuff Joe. You have a real hit on your hands.
I'm disappointed you won't be there - hoping Anaheim would be the time to get the gang together!
Buy 2 dvds get a baby chic free
I wanna do something tonight
y is that
don't get me started.
Thank you for your very kind words and for flying with us here at MKE. Happy travels and we hope to see you again soon.
All Caps - Madvillain
4am calls about me!!! I'm flattered
YOU!!!!!!? (SORRY FOR ALL CAPS I AM JUST SO EXCITED.)
I don't know why..... You definitely didn't work hard enough today to be tired!!! RT : Man I'm tired..
I think this falls under #humblebrag, but all this Twitter attention thanks to Axford's note is incredible and a little overwhelming.
back to sleep
Winter rec league is on for Saturday morning! Check website for times www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
What a coincidence!
Congrats on the Nomination!
happened to me too xD
hey, where's the 1500' statistic from? It sounds true to me.
That's a whole lot of rhetoric, Romney You didn't even say what you'd do to lower the deficit. Saying defeatist is not a Business Plan.
#Wrestlemania Sunday! The greatest day to be a wrestling fan on Twitter! #WWE Universe belongs to the tweeple tonight :)
#oomf nose is EPIC big G, like if she breathe in we wud all die of loss of oxygen
Go Kansas!!!
Picotero, 2008, by Monareta is more like the set I saw at #swsw. The new album, Fried Speakers, doesn't hit me like their live set did.
"Who do I have to blow for someone to invent an invisible cloak?" -Me everytime I go in public
Prince as early artist to create music about sex & the internet with song "My Computer"-AOL sample, record scratch
tough comparison: movie-star vs pol. Plus nightmares of Tony Kvaric prolly added a few more years to his face
Thank you!
like the writings where she gets right into talking about the movie. The ones where she critisises other critics get old.
3rd Panel: Rapid Technologies and Our Future {Innovation leaders from , Public Knowledge, JHU, State of Maryland}
RT : Oh, you love the Twilight Saga? You have great taste in literature.
Jellyrolls piano players are playing man in the mirror...missing you,
Thanks for your contributions to the 'blogosphere'. Appreciating meaningful discussions about aid and development!
Will be sitting in on #realwplearn I'm a rookie at this so here goes!
What If It Girl is Ridin Solo?
I need to agree with all of you. I avoided that drink more than all the others.
No please come in and turn the light on then leave without turning it off. I love that
tampa baby
don't tell me about it. I bet it's the worst feeling ever. Lol
I am so tired of #TamponCommercials #WTF NO its not just like a bandaid!
Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt.
Wis. GOP legislative leaders Fitzgerald brothers defend handling of budget in light of new $143 million shortfall projection
I def will!! Miss you too! Is your pi day out of this world?
Let's go Bucs!
Money make everything possible
I'm your worst nightmare
Yes, I do. I use the free space offered to me
those pupusas puputta me to sleep
Kinda sounds like me and Nickelback, haha! We are fanatics xD
Want to maintain your wood floors? Ask a flooring professional at SelectFloors about the proper humidity needed to keep wood from shrinking.
we have just moved to our new place and I already have a regular group of people that come visit me I love it
those brooklyn ales make me miss new york! and especially drinking beers in new york.
I miss watching Scooby-Doo everyday at 12 after coming home from kindergarten.
Never understood why you would leave Ray Allen open
We would love to see this a regular thing, too! Thanks for coming over today!
2-1 Pacers. Not so unstoppable anymore heat :*
Voodoo Brewing is fresh from their win as Best Overall Brewery @ Erie Brewfest & we'll pour their magic tomorrow from 6-8pm @ our sampling
I think monster sex peaked in 2009 /cc
