In search of meaningful summer work...
Graduation trip.
Listening to Up All Night makes me feel complete and exited for the next album!
what players are you offering? Refresh my memory...& if you're squeamish about suspension, I'll take Braun off your hands...
go to carabas!
Look any nigga in the eye that say he want it with Chief
I hope our military wrapped Bin Laden in bacon and stuffed his shoes up his ass before his burial at sea.
congrats! They are lucky to have you!
I love my team, Lets go Knicks!
Can you say "Dutch oven"?
me! youth and whiskey is my favorite :) im comin to see you guys in indiana july7! i cant wait :):) its gonna be epic! <3
We need followers on this page ASAP #TeamFollowBack #500Aday please
off to charity fashion event X 6-8pm. then the celeb photographer fashion event pomme 8-10pm. then la merde affair hotel
1st bicycle race believed 2 B 1200 meter race 5/31 1868 at Parc de Saint-Cloud, Paris. Englishman won wooden bike / iron tires.
so wish I was there!! Looks amazing cc
Am I officially out of it? I have no idea how Pinterest works.
where in mexico do you reside? moving to rosarito beach, hollahollahollaholla.
Lake Show.
#AskConstancio to follow me please 💜
flagrant ridiculous
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
“: Happy belated gux txt me”Good Look Guz Love U!!!
AMEN!!! Thanks for coming that was FUN:) OH!
beautiful Charlotte, NC....how you been??? You are in MI?
Get Padlette by Friday, Dec 24 if you order on Amazon today and choose one-day shipping. Eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping.
I love when the music is louder than thoughts ...
Art is either pIagiarism or revolution.
Don't kid yourself, it's always boobies.
1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open pantry. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards and repeat.
Kim! You can do it! Don't let that remote get the best of ya!
Just listened to #BOYFRIEND gah your voice:$ freaking seducing me<3;P lmao
Fuckk this day! Can't wait for it to end.
Nice, indeed! A great guest bar crawl by Gene! Have a great weekend! Cheers!
No longer forward nor behind I look in hope and fear; But, grateful, take the good I find, the best of now and here. – John Greenleaf...
#Top100Lies I Ain't Even Mad
Yeahh take that #Cubs!!! Milwaukee back on top!
Thanks, #gwandc! I love your solution! Very SAVVY!
lol, do you not get it?
Hey -- it's No Makeup Thursday. Ok, the alliteration isn't quite there -- but my level of 'care' today is at about zero.
Poncho has Yoshis crowd on it's feet with boogaloo "funky broadway"
Lee at 1b and Ramirez at 3B - wasn't that the Cubs in the late 90s (12 years ago)?
yes it is does it come to la?
I wish you were able to love me how I love you.
“The greatest gift of the garden is the restoration of the five senses.” Hanna Rion quotes
"Higher ed moves so slow that it makes government look like it is fast,"
KD gon get buckets as usual..
7-inch screen? Well read on for TiPb’s top 10 most recommended, most must-have readings apps for your iPad
Better than fail Firing customers. Easy to say hard to do Sometimes unwise to do even if rationally right
"Sometimes you have to take a chance to make your dream come true."
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself into one. Henry David Thoreau
where do you get your soju cocktails?? I love those but they're so expensive a pitcher whenever I go
lol yeah it was a fail, we're by 440 now, tired AF
Wrong doers eagerly listen to gossip; liars pay close attention to slander. -Proverbs 17:4
Yum! Love bbq!
Put him at the top of those 2015 rankings when they come out!
Working so early today
Owww Ash check you out. Love the new icon! Miss you babe.
im looking for one
Will have some smoke
Pregnancy stress can affect baby&#39;s iron status: Study
Good point. RT : I think that the story is that it's WalMart.
Take my hands before I kill.
alex please follow me it would mean the world to me no joke<3
Do YOU aspire to be a bestselling Children's #book #author? Class starts 5/14 www.LauraDuksta.com/academy
So do you wanna bet $20?...And call 3/19/13 the payoff date?
How do I know when the #Rapture happens? Cause I know that I won't be going. Will that turn me into a #zombie? Kind of confused right now.
I take back my earlier tweet. Philly won, Chicago could lose to the 8th seed. How the mighty have fallen.
:D RT : Hahahaha xD when they're selling the chocolate right?:p RT : Fish: "Hello?" Patrick: "I love you."
u dont get it girl HE is NoT FOLLOWING U so HE doesnt NoTiCe U!!!!!!
thank you alot!!!!!!!! dont b a stranger...
DeWitt Law Review is now on the air on AM 580 WDBO Orlando. Give us a call with all your questions on tax deed sales at 1800-329-5858
Hun, he is my 'friend'! #Youhadablondemoment!
For those that believe, a lot of people in Heaven are in line seeking autographs right now
THANKS! “: You gotta follow these peeps!! If you don't...then your missing out on the finest art ever!! ”
they took care of peter hahaha
Manufacturer of custom built, painted and stained furnishings. Solid wood. Cottage. Worn and distressed.
PSHHH GOOGLE CHROME DOES IT FOR ME TOM HANKS! NIGGAS MAKE IT EASY!
I'm really tired, I think I'm going to take a nap and then work out later on.
//coffee and a good book. Doesn't get much better than this.
Brilliant Corners.
What a rain in Miami :O
Wow! Yet another vector Master! I stand humbled.
Good day today. I got the rest of my Christmas Lights up on my house and the Packers won!!!
The most popular titles are "anything with cleavage or a sword" - now that's collection development!
and so is drinking alkaline water from Aging Younger Ionizer for cellular hydration Step 6 of the 8 Steps to Aging Younger
Don't hate me because I wasn't who you thought I was or who you wanted me to be. From start to finish you never knew the real me.
Rocked thee fuck out with & tonight in manhattan. Good times!!
Hi, I'm doing well. You? Yesterday I opened the door, heard the rain, tweeted then ran off to make dinner. It was nice rain!
Love the pics. Oh, the joy we can find in just airing it all out! :) Happy summer to U! Here's to warmer, dryer weather...
You have to be at work for the whole day today? But..... its friday...
Recently finished an AMAZING Shakespeare class at ! Highly recommended! Mr. Daily & Mr. Cuskern are amazing teachers!
But every thug needs a lady .
Join us at Liam Flynn's Ale House for our last fund raiser. It will lots of fun.
Nothing external can ever harm the true essence of you.
Notorious B.I.G. tonight on #BehindTheMusic at 9!
wee Justttedd Chilled
some asshole hacked my twitter.....
Hallelujah! “: Newt Gingrich offers Obama use of a teleprompter. Finally, a GOP candidate who thinks black people can read.”
Night swimming, deserves a quite night
I saw your poster!
Finished Book one of the #HungerGames during lunch! So Good! Glad I bought trilogy on my
Now serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
Minding my own beeswax!
I had a wonderful time at your fundraiser tonight! Thanks for having me.
Give it to you in the worse way.
Might get a dog
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30. Way to represent Colorado
#GreysonMMag Will you ever visit Mexico ?
yee i did :) love the woman! and sankiu
He's always watching out for me up there
I love leaving surprises on him car so he can be happy when he gets off work. I miss you babe.
Good Morning tweeties! Can't wait to see Harry Potter later! :p.
Thanks everyone who came out and helped us win the Battle of the bands. It was a weird show but everyone was a winner tonight. We love u all
I hope the song comes along okay and I can't wait to hear the completed version someday. :)
I really have no idea what I'm doing.
Teachers need to intervene when collaboration gets ugly or physical. Arguing is ok.
So u just give head then??? lol
Storm in LA is in full effect but I don't give a fuck just lighting blunt after blunt
I like my Rose' Red☺
I have a crazy idea and I can't tell anyone..
I'm about to get a quick workout in
Thanks for participating! Great insights!
- awesome list!
2 brand new Everett Homes coming soon on 5404 NE 23RD AVE. Prime location! Available this summer!
Pakistan is no place I wanna fuck with
Hi Thomas 💛
Seein my cuz perform for American Theatre Company's off-Broadway show "RENT" tonight.
when its your turn . . . #MakeTheMostOfIt . . .
God made u the unique person u are. Stir up ur passions. Don't let society or the expectations of others control ur destiny.
#modernfamily NEVER disappoints ;) "A man died and you're smiling!!!?"
It's like 2001 and the FOTR all over again. Oh, the anticipation!
Follow me back! is a Sexy account related to Porn!:*
": my TL is filled with Lakers' fans , Lakers' haters , and a few people talking about random shyt.. haha cool"
longer than Peter Gardare
#ivealwayswantedto receive head while popping a deuce.
I try.
Drugs approved with DNA data reduces size of drug trials Topol
Vegas in 3 days let the countdown begin!!
Well done Brewers, great regular season!
Codys coming to NYC in April?! Excuse me while I go scream flip and cry!
I have seen two different episodes with "soft kitty"... Hilarious.
is torn between her desire to be unpacked but her lack of desire to actually unpack. But she LOVES LOVES LOVES her apartment!!!
Fantastic! Glad you gave a fuller account, too.
Happy 4th of July! We are open...
“: Oh hey Arkansas. Hometown of my second favorite president.” Oh no, Ronald Reagan isn't from Arkansas.
May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day (and thanks for the reminder!)
it is done
just getting in form a long day at the Celeb Go Kart Fundraiser it was really fun and now time to write the rest of these songs :)
I miss that place, TJ is awesome
Congrats on your #iat50 win yesterday! It was awesome being on the course with you, you're an inspiration to us all.
RT "My interest is in the future, because I am going to spend the rest of my life there." - Charles Kettering
Coolidge Corner - Lametown, USA. Population:
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
I know lol...messing with you lol
Congrats to our neighbors at for their spread in CO Biz Magazine!
Copper Kettle with the boy toy. Edwin Warner with the broskis. It's been a good day 😊
This is to my new follower thankz
Very special guest (FAT JOE) will be saturday! Message me for #Vip service / #bottle service
Scoping out a lady who rents wedding gowns. At the FLEA MARKET. In my dream no one would talk to me and I was all sweaty.
Thank you for the Happy birthday :) It was a good one!!
I finally hit my stride with these green smoothies! Everybody throw rose petals at my feet and praise me as the goddess I am!
a little swankier than our home for the week!
INSTEAD....MAKE IT...and BREAK IT all after....the MOLDS that Ur TOLD...
Love this "of monsters and men" CD. Worth a listen. Happy weekend Tokyo. :)
Thanks for the mention... Good stuff!!! ;-)
Had a nightmare that I had to wear a tie to work every day.
words w/out action is as useles as a bilion $ check without an authorized signature..don't mke emty speches 2 people who need tangble help.
ok my sore throat has graduated to a sore throat with the sniffles, moms just gave me some orange....
it's unlike any you've seen! Let me know what you think after you see it
Welcome to the Patriots and our Crazy Fans....Mr. Mallet...#justsayin and
What you put into it is what you get out of it. Simple as that. No excuses.
Cool--pretty amazing film, yes?
BOO you coming too jamies quince ~ ;D
Surreal line from ABC News story on #Afghan killings: "But it's not clear whether the alleged attack was spontaneous and unprovoked."
I Hate Sharing My Food . Like Get Your Own Shit Homie !
you are my inspiration, thank you for the fact that you are. i will ALWAYS support you. :) i love you. #whosays ♥
yes you should ;-)
I aint gonna lie chris brown on a lot of shit now days n I'm feelin it where my grls at?!
how is it?
Ok d'accord
thanks so much for the follow!
goodbye cold pizza on a sunday morning, i've enjoyed u...but it's that time of year to start training again. :)
FUCKING FREEZING TOES
:) good, hope you liked it
In the moment, I think that the very thing that I need is pudding of chocolate, my favorite dessert. Please mom, let! LOL
Rajon Rondo's trip-dub total in the playoffs is going to dwarf Jason Kidd's when it's all said and done
This is the earliest I've been up since we got to NY. What can I cram in to the next 5 hours?
lmao I want to see them!!
It was refreshing. Thank you.. Will be interesting to see what direction they go with next season's new house.
"Let them burn tundra!" I love it and will say that until I die. Great piece in today! Congrats on the award!
I hope I leave my stupid school and go to a new one and start all over A.S.A.P
Drinking at altitude after living at sea level is the best. Enjoy my home state for me!
Don't wish it were easier, Wish you were better.
that means you had a great time! Miss u miggs
Ah well, you can take her out another time. The restaurants are always so crowded today anyway. It was a quiet day for me.
Good call me or I'll call you
Love can make you cry but it can always bring a smile
anytime! RT : Thanks for the RT!
all jokes aside, Thank you Houston Family for allowing the world to see this home-going service.
Perfect Friday in #Portland as the sun is shining and a wonderful 72 degrees! Now that's a great start to the weekend!
no love for joy behar!
Why can't my favorite hoe do it?
I don't hate anyone but there are some people I DISLIKE IMMENSELY
thanks for the follow. Do you have any recommendations on how to remove moldy drywall?
ahh thank you! :)
Loving it that user experience is at center of DPLA work. It informs all other work streams.
THANK YOU MY LOVE! Are you going to join us for Writing Club again next week? BECAUSE YOU REALLY SHOULD!
Hey everyone, I'll be live tweeting for -- be sure to join the conversation of the #superbowl #sbads #brandbowl !
Which is grosser: a questionably aged Brita or bad tap water
What about McCarthy for coach of the year consideration with all the injuries they have had?
My brand of justice is pure.
Last night was amazing. was amazing. Can't wait to see them again in Paris!!!!
I'd say so! Next week I will send love from I will hit you back on your email as well, finally home
“: Your subconscious mind is 30,000 times more powerful than your conscious mind.” NUTTY
Playing hide-and-seek with a little Hispanic boy while I wait at platos closet.
I love the app.But when i put it through the higher settings it always crashes.I've redownloaded it a few times.still problems.
Working on bringing back a song of Dave's that is older than this band. This could get awesome real fast.
i really dont know /:
Ithink I <3 You For Real!:]
like the blog
who knew i would have to use math so much in my PR career! UGH!
President Obama is turning his attention back to the economy after a day spent raising millions of dollars for his campaign
Watching Cadillac Records...and sorting the laundry...and cooking...and tweeting!! ww
#TEAM working harder & ALWAYS SMARTER!! Have a productive day Tweeties :~)
OKC is gonna sweep the mavs
Check my music out 18 year old artist from pa
Am I one of the only people that thinks is hot? anyone? No?
Harry Belafonte presenting next. Seen him so much lately! How lucky am I?
It's on and off coming down pretty hard. I thought it was over but we just got another shower.
smh desperate times call for deperate measures. Go in your bed lol! tonight should be awesome though!
he hates me cause i called him gay -_-
love those manzos
I love Math Subject (=
today i <3 2 things. my bruised up little big town & my blowdryer
WHERE U BEEN SEXY
Time to Man Up, ! You can do it!
" this has bugged me for yrs!"... LOL! it happens...dat person is "special"...lol...like SHORTBUS special!
Well they ARE the Knicks..
So giving a video game award would go to which, the developer or the director?
screws up the cookies so your browser always shows a "preview" of an ebook, even when clicking from your catalog for books you own.
doh! i meant "brogrammer" and got auto-corrected!
It seems like I'm always adding spices to my cooking arsenal. What spice couldn't you live without?
Oh it feels amazing outside.
All 3 are scary but Suggs is younger
The survey q's were pretty standard except follow-up Prop A & B, asking what I've read/heard in last 4 days.
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers on twitter >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Back to this shithole again.
fOLLOW BACK PLEASE <3
it wont let me inbox
At Peter Walsh & Caryn Kaiser event. Yay!
“: In Prague this weekend recording music for a new film with George Lucas!” // Sweet!! Can't wait to hear that!
I gotta pray that I pass this geometry sol today. *cross my fingers*
check out his delightful illustrations.
Tomorrow is the #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Community Service Fair. It’s still not too late to pre-register for your free giftbag!...
Thanks for the mention!
ixion's wheel.
We have some lovely kama toro in house tonight! I don't expect it will last long!
Neither can I..
We aren't just fans, we are family. #Whitesiders <3
Joe Wilson's wife diagnosed with H1N1. Duh. She sleeps with a swine.
on my way to the ATL!
I got and the computer and saw that is following me... is this serious?! :D
God, this whole wisdom tooth thing was such a damn pain. :/
guess we found the low life broke fuck trending the stupid shit. Seriously guy.
would she 0.o ? it's school days! :(
This week we will be picking up the TOF harvest which was milled and graded. We got great scores again!
Thanks! Everything was great!
sometimes i hate twitter cause i cant spell
RT : Im determined to learn stocks! 💰< thats where the money at..i was goin to invest in Netflix when it first went public
Aspiring models you should receive a candy gram reply from our email if YOU made our list the call backs
Look at you. I'll be expecting something either via phone, text, tweet...
Wishing the Fantastic and Amazing a Very Happy Birthday! May GOD BLESS You with the Best, Amit Ji! You are an inspiration!!!! :)
Still, better than a poke in the eye with a cattle prod
I know!! I talk a lot, so my twitter translation isn't always spot on. These text limitations are really irritating .. Haha :)
I'm hungry. going to buy a burger and prentend it's a salad
Thanks a bunch
I went with my Sister PapaBear!!
Up early for a story on a husband and wife who are both olympians. (No pressure kids!)
Other than a couple of ill-advised jump balls when trailed vs MSU and OSU, saw consistently good decision-making.
it don't work anymore
Manager offered me paul mccartney tickets.... ah I passed!!
Think like a man with the best friend 😊
Now that craft beer has broken into the consumer conscious - do we continue using wine (& its terminology) as a point of reference? Why?
All packed for Saint Anthony and ready to roll.
Your success has less to do with speed and more to do with timing and direction. -John Mason
#Liverpool names #Tom #Werner chairman
It's funny because i was literally going to tweet about what a jackass Jalen Rose was last night. Had a premonition.
Just noticed... Carl needs some extensions on those pants!
Youre from a whole another world A different dimension You open my eyes And I’m ready to go, lead me into the light ♥
After hours of testimony, Senate Finance is finally out. Worst storm seen in years yet best citizen input seen in years.
When tweets to it's like a touchdown pass being thrown
That is awesome! What is your favorite song off of Ayla's new album?
ive been good(: how about you?
Best seat I've ever had on a plane. Row 2. And this is the only seat in Row 2. And there is a window.
I honestly can't with her. One of the most special people anywhere.
oh, yes, definitely let me know. Have fun, it's a gorgeous day.
you'll get the stroke back yo
Gee, if only ACH had, say, an open suggestion box to gauge community interest in possible initiatives.
Estes comentadores do Portugal Argentina Tao a meter nojo.. Carrega Portugal
what time? omg so if the rest of you could reply now... and
my Bose headphones, a webcam (new computer I'm getting has one built in) and my camera.
I would argue Polk has looser hips, is more fluid athlete, better balance, tougher to tckl, better receiver, faster, more durable
everyone should go follow <<< this guy rocks and is super talented!!!
Lopez: Dr. later saw her leg move. "As her mom I took that...& I held onto it. I had to believe she was going to survive. That's all I had."
alot of those open not this weekend but memorial weekend (next week)
If someone came to my door and said get in a box I'm from the Ellen show. I would run screaming into the box! Hahah
I new I should have worn underwear today.
Espn is in love with Tebow Time
LSW at Felipe's.
#oscars - Christopher Plummer's #acceptance #speech was one of the BEST.
RB Ricky Williams plans to retire, a source tells ESPNs Adam Schefter.
i am watching the 10 commandments. this is still a great movie....
starting a YAM JAR in my house. you have to put change into it when you refer to yams as "sweet potatoes"
I could probably set my sperry's on fire & they'd still be okay.
hey I saw Romney on Letterman. He called himself 'Romnizzle'
Good morning RT : Good morning .:)
Now that we're open, you'll need to know our hours. Mondays for brunch: 11-4; Tuesday-Saturday: 5-close; Closed Sundays.
Anxiously awaiting for the CBS schedule to arrive.
Um yea great night with the girl now bed night Twitter verse
aye that "boom boom bang" is that shit cuz
In drama class with we have to write a monolougue but his is easy and mine is difficult.
In the last hour we've had 4 small #earthquakes (ranging 1.2-1.4) in and around #Coachella. Maybe just too many ppl headed to
Wings, sauce, flatbreads, O-ring Ontennas, awesome food, great atmosphere, Best Wings USA, cars, motorcycles, Bike Nites
Glad to hear u r safe & sound & away from the tornado scare! U kno u have a 4 legged tail wagging lady waiting 4 u @ home. LOL!
Thanks for the RT!
#Love means NEVER abuse! #LOVE IS NEVER
I bet it fills Cora's heart with pride that so many ASUO candidates are touting their Ambassador experience.
Turned the AC on - feels so good!
My stomach hurts but my pockets are fat
New movie with my favourite girls! Vanessa Hudgens & Selena Gomez! Who is excited for the movie 'Spring Breaker'?
im fuckin, you fuckin? well fuck it lets get it
Ace and Jon are playing Mario Party. Pretty stinkin' cute.
Outta work 😁😁
I said the same thing when I had this baby now I am trying to read social media to go back to sleep. Why baby just sleep
Dane County judge halts collective bargaining law
I’ve seen the special performance of du Soleil @ #drupa 5 times & I still love it - next one in 10 mins hall 8b Hurry!
I'm throwing an event tonight, and I got 7 birthdays booked so It really seem like a lot of people got birthdays this weekend.
Don't be this someone. Someone was a no-call/no-show for their rep meeting today!?!
It wasn't very direct, sorry lover.
I'm shy. Most people don't take the time to explore the real me. So I'd like to thank everyone who has. Everyone who didn't, missed out.
yea your gay
Re: "having a sound argument" That has never been a requirement for an opinion, but it should be a one for media coverage.
Tonite we live at the venue 4 b day & bottles on deck
Happy Birthday ! <3
Twitter Says It Has 140 Million Users :')
Traveling to Port St. Lucie, FL for the International Retained Search Associates Fall Conference
I Catch Em While They Cokeded Up And Weeded Open Fire Now Them Niggas Bleeding
Well there goes my bracket. Picked the #tarheels to win it all. UConn is my only hope
woah is right. where?!
btw. thanks for calling me brilliant... I never tire of your sweet words. ;)
&that's Y i smile.it's been awyl since evryday&evrythn has felt this right.u turn it all around&suddnly u'r all i need.the reason Y i smile.
thanx for following me!!!!!!
If the #Bruins ever put Lucic on the market, I'd expect most of #NHL would have interest. He's a unique talent, true power forward.
Somebody broke into Junior Seau's house. How pitiful of a human being do you have to be to do such a thing?
Ooh nice! Let us know how it is :)
Vist www.theeroticchallenge.com and become a contestant and try and win big $$$$$ Ladies we are waiting.....
I'm still recovering from sending in grades--a week ago
very clever
UL's Mike Marra gets 38 points for his dunk.
Love a #nudist special getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
then you kno I'm real goon so we can fight on YouTube I'll clean you little guy
Whats a good movie to watch hopped up on vicoden?
If you just try to be average everywhere, you just get an average team.
Powers started as President my freshman year. He's done more for this University than any other president in recent memory
if you need anything from me, let me know!
The Jacksonville Jaguars looked good today. They are a good young team. They got an impressive 37 to 17 victory over the Titans.
IM IN GEORGIA FAT FACE!!!!
Follow me on Instagram. I will follow you back(: my username is the same as my twitter name<3
RT You have my attention, now don't loose it... Cause this #Pisces don't look back
That's basically what they tried to say it was!!
#iplspring Color, in fashion industry, serves not only source identifier function, also expressive/aesthetic/value
Aww--thanks! Oh, you must mean ! She's the sweetest person in our office. And makes killer apps!
sushi tonight and Gator on Jan 2.
I just heard about a powerplant explosion in Middletown. That might be the answer to the rumblings that we experienced.
How does one know if they won or not? Do u text back or do u post it on Twitter?
try mexico where it's just known as food :)
UT interviews 3 D7 candidates but only speaks of 2. DeMaio deep pockets very apparent.
What is the opposite of a hipster?
I love And your taste in music. Good Friday tune-age. Thanks :)
#Happymother's day to my gorgeous mother I love u ;-)
On Pandora: How did we get from DRUGS' channel, to a Train song? xD
I took one last night before we went to the club and I haven't slept and I feel fucking weird. Lol 😲
lolololololol !!!!! Leave me alone ! >.>
wow. just listened to josiah leming's myspace music. he did a really good job recording his stuff. assuming it's DIY.
"A #BOSS IS ONE WHO GURANTEE WE GONNA EAT"
Education=equality regardless of socioeconomic status. Do not rely on empty promises of "change." Fenty=actual plans already in progress.
Some of my best interactions occur at the least likely of times. Once had the attention of an entire post office.
Roosters are adorable. They're soft, cute and loving. I don't mind cuddling with one, eating popcorn on the sofa. (sarcastic). Lol.
what's wrong w my CaCa!?
When baking, follow directions. When cooking, go by your own taste. ~Laiko Bahrs
Welcome to twitter !!
I did not notice wording, Thanks
we're going both actually!
What is intellectual curiosity and WHY would I want something like that?? It sounds kind of gross.
oh u have hit the nail right on the head .....Austin has a prob right now with police officers misunderstanding dogs 2dead 1wk
Sorry for delayed reply, Yes indeed casinos are in the gutter and not even close to get up..
Thank you! My application was sent in but haven't heard anything yet. How'd you know?!
jeez! Well lemme know if u wanna sell one or that old iMac.
HAHAHA, SO funny!!!! :p
should have took the 20 points
Thank you, Marina. :-))
Thanks for the follow, Dad! I'm sure I speak for all forty of your followers when I say we're anticipating your first tweet.
I want to make a twitter handle of So that people would get the email: " is now following you."
excellent stats!
wish you could too! Hey I picked my favorite gowns! Take a look on my fb:)
And the editing begins!
I don't like those odds.
My mind is gone! feeling great ;)
is there an EarlyWord YA galley chat today?
There has been a lack of awesomeness in the cars that I drive lately; I will endeavor to fix that. Perhaps with right hand drive.
"A genius is the one most like himself." -Thelonious Monk
#romeonamobile is #thebest! How do you guys not get sued?
Lets not start. I'll have to get and involved.
I need my own scanner. Driving to San Marcos to scan film is just not cost-effective.
I'm dead.....ugh me too! #Abbiprobs bahaha
I Haven't Been This Tired In Awhile!
I am excited for 'Scre4m' in that it could probably afford to just retain all the slasher rules they render obsolete. Slasher movie revival!
lol I was at a fair yesterday so I'm posting pics. XD
It is the easiest recipe ever & EVERYONE loves it. My weekend was pretty good. Nothing fancy. Yours?
True, but what about the wrestling bear? that thing never saw a penny either and he destroyed Wepner
#RESPECT RT : Shout Out To
Crazy about swayze. Roadhouse!
Dartz's PR machine puts some automaker PR shops to shame.
I'm glad you came
Great night tonight. Wishing you all the best
Watching Blue Crush, that was my daughters soccer team when I coached her team at the beach. That Rec team beat PB's all star team
don't forget the flood!
thanks Sean!
Leo Sayers-you make me feel like dancing
they will make u get married
it was crazy!!
#odgers do NOT need #oswalt - he's Kevin Brown part II.
His grip. His grace. His goodness.
Wings v Preds, Flyers v Pens, Wings v. Preds...clicker getting a workout!
Happy Valentines day to the love of my life, . Now, forever, and always. xoxoxo
good luck.
He could have just bought him McDonalds.
Shapers killed it tonight, which is probably what they often do.
reppin my shirt today- my twitter handle's on the back!! can't wait to see which awesome people (& weirdos) tweet me!!
I have like the most uncontrollable blushing..
Uh, yep.
Obi-Wan did it before Tupac.
If you always give, you will always have. ~ Chinese Proverb
BOOKSIGNING - Martha Stewart signing "Martha's American Food" at COSTCO in Leesburg, VA this Saturday at Noon
help or hurt season tix sales? RT : Chargers confirm GM A.J. Smith & Coach Norv Turner will return in 2012. Story coming...
oh, I swear to you. Ill be there for you.
is the official paper towel of the #highbrour. Perfect for cleaning spilled beer, broken dreams, and vomit in the 'Udio.
You are not alone! That could easily be me!
yea but I think I am gonna leave to go smoke then come back why r u ???
I wish, prob be in around memorial weekend. We gotta catch up bro! RT : U comin back to Ark for mothers day ?
Might be the first to pregame the student leadership banquet at legends. I figure someone has got to start showing some leadership in this!
Locs by Tonia at Napnotiq, check! Shape up & beard trimmed by Mika'il Cobb, my barber, at Thomas Barber Shop 1601 Gorsuch Ave 21218, check!
Burning books, trickle down of disrespect for spiritual traditions and beliefs by WH.
Come drink beer in my backyard, friends.
Love is a leap - I was never inspired to jump.
it's disgusting!
you just gave me a reason to get my car stereo fixed. I'm done at noonish tomorrow - I'll text you!!!
- yep! Loyal, indeed. Should be an interesting playoff season. The Eastern Div was basically handed to us with D. Rose's injury
Let the past be the past and let it pass but sometimes is hard for us to forget about it & we hang on to it for the good memories we had.
haha I love that song lol I forgot about ! :)
lol well ur not ever here duh so shit out of luck to and I got one more hmm
he would start fights with one comment in 6 gr
Hello bastard! Why are you not following me? >.< PS call or text me when you can, I found a solution to one of ur problems! ;)
Tux adventures/Starbucks/story time with >
well, they pulled wright....so...wright lol.
espically the ones in boston :-)
Plan to vote recall on but really respect the opinions of my republican friends. Just honest disagreement.
Need for marketing the good things our academic tech team does = partnership with our Business School?
OH: "This is Klout's perfect usecase, so that people can talk shit to each other around the office."
Just a half hour til #TonyAwards noms. So excited! One of my fave parts of living in #NYC is watching the anncmnt on
Beautiful Morning here in SC. Forecast says 80's today - Nice!!!
It is the best #MondayFunday ever because and are coming!
everything happens for a reason, we just have to accept the truth without losing our faith!
yess it still is -.-
thanks you too!!
That buffalo commercial was awesome
Julian just rocked some sexy vocals on a sexy song with sexy strings and really sexy bass... very very sexy.
Album on I-tunes...
Thank you very much :3 I take pride in it!
i downloaded #DreamsComeTrue :) I LOVE THAT SONG <3
Have you done it yet or still in progress?
Sean Paul > pitbull
RT : "We don't have honors students at Queensborough. We make them."
now its feeling like summery out here
Same RT : wish i was going to EDC
Un'fn'real ... Always someone else's BS!! Time to unleash the fury on Sunday!!!
common place and in some cases coveted, however; when it comes to playing the sports there are no women in football,
RT : Get that car clean for the weekend 80's...hot! thanks guys for RT
Just wanted to give a quick s/o to my beautiful girl for always being there for me & just being amazing
Let not a day pass w/o seeing the good, feeling the good, praising, blessing, & being grateful. Make this your life ; you will be in awe.
You're welcome. Happy to hear you are enjoying it!
who should I bet on?
oh no! Did you have an uber with a dent? :( can you email supportseattle at uber dot com?
RT ": from now on im just going to be quiet."
Must. Keep. Writing. -- My head is so not "in the game" and nothing is coming out right! *grumbles*
my 1 year old son had a break dancing moment this morning. all u have to do is give him music and he will show u how he rolls. lol
This is how I want to spend all of my fall days :P BTW: Happy birthday Dad!
Don't leave home without your wallet. Lesson learned. On the way to #LA for game
Leap frog keeps sending me e mails....
why should giselle hang with the other wives she is not a groupie she makes way more money then brady does
i'll leave it in the mailbox
just walked in to Arts Breakfast
About to play guitars signed by Sarah McLachlan, Joan Jett, Brett Michaels, and Melissa Etheridge, among others, to be auctioned off. :)
I get paid tomorrow doo dee do dee do do
So...I have a paper due at midnight and I can't get logged on to the campus website <<<<<
Must sleep. Gots to edit before work tomorrow. *sees light at end of tunnel* Tweet y'all at 4:30am.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got 3 dudes on stage and Maury says "YOU ARE NOT THE FATHER" to all of them
Shot some awesome photos on the beach tonight
I couldn't see u, so many ppl
Thanks to Scott Thompson and the Maryland Athletic Club (MAC) - Timonium for having us for a team TRX workout and happy hour!
I am happy bill clinton went on behalf of the two journalist, thank the Lord i am happy they are home.......
Have you ever noticed that when people describe their pets, they are actually talking about themselves? Pay attention and learn a lot!
LETS JUST BAN HALF OF OUR FAN BASE FOR DOING A GLITCH AND RESET THEM FOR A GAME THEY'VE PUT 5 DAYS INTO IN A MONTH FUCK YOU
i like to cover my webcam with my thumb and click through chat roulette because i don't actually want to talk to anybody.
2011 DRI Annual Meeting: Westlaw hosts Justice Scalia and Garner "Making Your Case" book signing at 10 AM. Join us!!!
Will the bowling season ended today. Finished 22nd in state out of 187 teams. We gave it our best. I love all of you.
THANKJ YOU for the #Shindig Love!
Mood: "Creative" FEEL LIKE WRITING A SONG ONLY I DONT KNOW HOW TO WRITE ONE LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well, what is it??
I'm Bored…Who Wants To Talk
no need to really! There's other words to use lol
Just tapped Skookum Mammoth Jack Ass
Brochure Design @ $150
Any fear of Gas/Food prices? view "Welcome" video at www.downow.info I give 125 leads /wk enroll www.dowsite.info, my #'s on site
Purple Heart recipient becomes victim of a brutal attack in New Hampshire bar. Landed him in hospital. Story at 5:30 on
David is a very patient man, to put up with such an unstable woman. But I make it worth his while. ;)
Just got word my bro is headed back to the states. Congrats and Salute!
The market is doing great,it really is good news for all us small investors,keep the good news coming,that would exclude Obama and congress.
Home Room
I am..? Lol thanks in that case :)
Agreed: "We are not going to fix government unless we also fix citizenship." Jennifer Palka of Code for America.
Nice, ill check it out. Just did a podcast on #PickupOnSouthStreet for Jackass Critics Podcast. Saw parts of #WhiteDog in prep.
ain't it the truth: RT "I tell my clients that it's impossible to redesign anything without upsetting somebody.” D.Hillman
YOU CAN COME TO ME
I always suggest that a company make the investment and hire a professional to write your ad copy. Creditability depends on it.
SOMEBODY PUT ME TO SLEEP!!! THIS IS SCARY NOW!!! :'(
Not digging search committee decision making when local part timers involved.
Poor Sally is being corrupted on ALL SIDES. Couldn't she just have one night of innocence!
Need a success #coach in #Philadelphia area? Just #text SMARTMOVES to 90210 for contact info & more from Smart Moves Coaching.
Pleasure's all mine...Thanks for having me on the show!
I love Chicago in the winter...CHI town it is...South Loop Tonight... Christmas Party....
Saw Christmas trees at Kroger this morning as I picked up a cup of Christmas Blend. Is it that time of year already?
industry night tonight!!
Austin bound, with mulky and the boys. Who's down for a little Geisha Room??
Happy Birthday Sweetheart
yeah you pretty much pissed all over yourself
ma u know i'mma need u to Poke it out saturday #MonkeyBallBiz Chi Go-Rilla
Made it to Cairo! Now comes the sitting in the airport part.
i'm hoping theres a boston date :)
You had good reason to be distracted from school. How bad did school go?
Home improvement Monday. Yawn.
Word of the day on Sesame Street today is "JOURNAL".
I know..it's crazy!
BBQ turkey wings, greens and cabbage hit the spot.
Strong use of your "Clarinet choir" synth patch during Uncle Grampa's, ! Bass clarinets do = creepy lair-dwellers.
46% of people described themselves as couch potatoes – a major contributing factor to being overweight
Talk to people about themselves and they will listen for hours- Disraeli
I hate the stars because I look at the same ones as you do, without you :( ! Soon enough will count them together inshAllah :)
Is having to go see the #Avengers at midnight tonight a good enough excuse to call off work tomorrow?
stop by the Size Matters panel at #MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apartments of the future
I try to clear the Finals Week Friday of meetings, then I just make a coffee and get going! Have a good summer, Macie!
RT : i swear your always crackin me up! "Uncle Ben" is too funny lol! <~~~~~ :)
true but surprised by all media who just assume he is lying and, not willing to let process run its course.
20 minutes #Fringe West Coast fans...are u ready?
See, I've been waiting allday for you to call me baby. <3
Of course, this wouldn't be an issue if they'd just invent a free-range, organic, all-natural, local, ethically sourced Slurpee.
RT : Hack For Humanity/Made at MiKE come hang with the + crew this weekend!...
I finally made my way here....:)
Oh dear!
This money from strangers show is funny.
Fuckin hate airports
barcamp + philly = love. “: That reminds me! You and and I should make plans for April 28 soon.”
May he be eternal zombie.
Happy New Year! What projects can we get started for you?
Amen! I can't find no food..
18 followers! Who da thunk? Time to tweet important stuff, I guess.
#GoTribe still cannot take in the fact that the Indians lost like that....not the best start but they will get better
Dammit,just dropped my phone on its face...thank gosh for 'Gorilla Glass'!
Happiness is having the freedom to practice ones faith. Church bells are ringin' and I'm going to late!
wow - red vinyl with a black dust jacket - could anything serve an album of murder ballads more?
#CHICO hasn't changed much, still tons of booze, hot ladies, crazy drunk dudes everywhere...
I can tell this season of #DanceMoms is going to be even better than the last!! #guiltypleasures So happy Chloe won the first competition
Dan, to answer your question, yes, every Sat @ Allerton Hotel 2nd floor. 7-11pm
Day 2 of my son and I doing fun spring break stuff. Yesterday was awesome...weather, sites, behavior (mostly) Lots of OT opportunities, too
That what makes you beautiful! #OneDirection! <3
sort sweetie!
As soon as One Direction comes on the radio me and my mom turn it up and sing really loud!(: #obsessed <3
oh nice
omg at these videos from the concert thooooo
#LRT story of my life.
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever ! www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php
great... maybe one day our paths will cross on a trail race. seem like we have similar 31 year old ultra aspirations.
New funny/wierd t-shirt.... must see! Http://www.cafepress.com/wierdooh Http://www.cafepress.com/wierdoohdude
TONIGHT Ub's Restaurant & Bar(live Music Venue) Cheap Drinks and Dope Hip Hop all night with DJ DBX Mesa AZ. Broadway/Dobson,Live Hip Hop.
Kewl. Can't wait to hear! :D
Dear Grove: when I type "Wagner" into the search bar, want to take a wild guess as to who I am searching for? Hint: he's not Belarusian.
We're looking for some new music for the brewery. Ideas?
find out tomorrow without him knowing if he is. dont tell him i think hes talking shit
Yankees win THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Yankees win!!!!! That was for you Mo
Right on, Tiana! How are you doing?
¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo! (a holiday celebrated more north of the border than south. Thanks beer companies.)
Goodness, July prepubs in the February issue of !
Hahaha that's what I'm saying! What a guy
Want to see a bunch of librarians run, push, and shove? Come see the doors open at the free lunch.
thanks alot. i appreciate it
it b better if my damn pillow wld of fit that bitch
Our middle-aged neighbors are clearly watching something starring Bruce Willis or several fighter jets.
#flyers tonight but laundry now
Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Dee Gordon
What a great sunny Mother's Day in Boston. When the clouds come and gunfire erupts it's Baby Mamma's Day. Very lonely day in the Hood for Ma
Going to call this guy who sext T-Booty's (T-heart's daughter) friend after giving her his number while on a date with another girl.
Rip Dick Clark......until we meet in heaven
Turns out less compression on everything might be the key to a new mix of a new song o' mine. It's what happens when ur comps aren't fancy.
awesome! thats going to be super distracting! hows the end of the semester treating you?
Happen to me too! Had an F U attitude after that. RT : They got me in jacksonville but won't let a nigga go home
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia
I'm going to go to his "home" cause i am having his love and heart.. xox
now following
Like Events? Like Having Fun? You better #FF , ,
PS: Kill Bill, Volume 3. That'll definitely stir things up!
Yes it should.
i like your name LMFAO
Happy Birthday :)
really? He brought lad to the nlcs 2 years in a row!
WHY DIDNT NOBODY TELL ME I HAD MY EARRINGS IN TWO DIFFERENT HOLES -_-
mw3, skyward sword, super hero squad online (with my son), dragon age in facebook and skylanders.
Having a minor panic attack
Watching college basketball on :)
I luv Claire's!
Thank you for the Follow Fridays!!!
Someone told me that your love was invincible- sounded crazy but now I live by the principle.
Mike Tyson is terrifying.
that would be amazing or super annoying ...the old you and new you in one body.
#PetPeeve: TYPING IN ALL CAPS
Happy Monday! Here's your goal today: make a list of three things you've needed to do, but kept putting off -- and do them!
If you come here enough you dont even notice whats on the tvs
That moment at the hipster club when you feel like you're not getting the DJ...
and try to get there at the same time as me okuuurrrr
I'm feeling 's verse on Future's Same Damn Time Remix Luda's as well!
Ok I'm serious now goodnight! <3
My self doubt is paralyzing me .
Thank you very much!
ugh this is gonna take alot of frickin work !! :(
lol at least you got a warning! discretion!
The world will make a path for those who know where they are going- InSpotter app
Spright....forever and always.
RT : Trust me... You were just a little crush that grew into something more.
holla at hook oomp up perez
Lunch time at The Drop. Kobe burger special. See you soon.
I love it.
Life must be good. I usually just don't want the day to end.
OMFG I HAVE NEVER HEARD THUNDER SO LOUD
They screamed & shook so hard last nite thks duke university for having the queen of bounce!!! Can't wait to return
um there are so many reasons that that's true.
Mf's kill me ! Acting like they dnt forget shit sometimes....just fckd up my entire day -__- !!!!!
3 and a half more days of this bullshit? Fuck school.
Welcome! RT : #momaboard will be reporting tomorrow LIVE from #Vegas! happy #Friday!
ballin' on a budget
it's when they use candles to take the wax out of your ear. I am going to have it down on Saturday. I'll let u know
Listening 2 "Man I Wanna Be" ... I cant stop pressing replay.
RT : wow Moyer is 49 and still playing that's crazy
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie is always kind. Thanks!
I wonder Wat would happend if I ate a banana wen I'm using the bathroom will it come in our out
and wrote a check for 99 cents...
GABI I HAVENT HEARD FROM YOU IN AGES. I MISS YOU SO MUCH. SPEAK TO ME! Love you :)
MY BOYFRIEND CASE CAME IN!!!(: AH
Advice from Olympic Athlete, Joanna Hayes at #upstream2012: set short goals. Advice we all can use :)
Hey Mark. My Saturday rocked, thx. Yours? "Hello, Chris! Had a good Saturday?" cc:
I can't sleep and I have to wake up early.
Who ever said school startes on monday does NOT have a heart!!
Oh, ... "When the Shard is completed in April 2013, it will be the tallest inhabited building in Europe." He said "shard" ...
all that spaghetti in your pocket must have thrown you off
could be the pants keeping the talent away
I love all my heartI wish hed let me explain.Id never do anything to hurt him.I only want to be with him.I cant live without him
Haha, you always find the coolest stuff. If you close your eyes, it sounds like he's calling a Mark Reynolds home run.
Man shapes himself through decisions that shape his environment!!
Today's News: Our Take - Jane Elliot Dishes Her Role as General Hospital's ...: TV Guide Magazine spoke with Elliot - a brilliant, fe...
The way that you accomplish tasks with a product — what you do and how it responds — that's the interface. ~ Jef Raskin
mary jane was there for me today
Hey Debra! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
#amazing race wheres Phil?
how was your mamas day love????
Done with classes for the semester!!!!! Hooray! 🎉🎉
haha .. it's a bar down here where they have live music.. but now i too have kris and will in my head.. *head bobs*
This might be a bloody round.
At the very least, we're still undefeated coming into the 2013 season. Pre-season hustle. 2013 is ours
Please Follow Me ily guys so Much!! U guys r such a inspiration Not only because im 12 but because U guys could seriously DANCE!
Thanks for the RT! Long time. How have you been?
Mom fell in love w Dad at a Blackhawks game, She was so excited, her slip straps broke & it fell to floor. Dad just kicked it under seats!
I'd love to see your #aviation license plate - like your background image, but no plate visible.
I can't handle this anymore.
"Zip it. Zip it out. Unzip it." - to It's an interesting day in the Annex.
::takes the ball and runs with it:: >:D
who are the babes in your pic
Wearing my teal t-shirt, sitting next to just voted for myself aka President and VP. #GotGov more than ever!
Vikings Take Manhattan! No, not a new movie, just Salem State University going sight seeing this weekend!
Deep tissue body massages are great. Just be get ready to trade some pain for relaxation...
Stop sub tweetin and @ me, so I know its real
What did you do all weekend?
please stay alive. Puking blood is so Gene Simmons. It doesn't behoove you.
Hottest new boy band OMNIDIRECTIONAL PANOPTICON maintains an ever-vigilant policing of the social order with these Hot Sexy Tunes For Teens
- I was just there about 2 weeks ago. They've done a lot of sprucing up. Looks much nicer.
“ Happy New Year! #2012”
I've got friends by my side I've got hope in my eyes And dreams to aspire too And the whole wide world to watch below
but now most Southerners don't know their history beyond a certain point, hence the lack of awareness of these similarities.
Matthew Kemp is an absolute monster. Braun, look what u unleashed in LA! The craziest part is that he plays in pitchers park Dodger Stadium!
haha I'm workin til like 9 but if you wanna after I'm so down. I miss u too!!
'77 Blazers basketball autographed by team... Timbers behind-scenes access... Civil War football tix!!! www.baldfacedtruth.org
#dressupfriday could be more fun to see how u look by lunchtime if everyone brings something for you to wear...
Great benefit last night for the Wistar Institute on Penn's campus. Private research institute invented rabies, german measles vaccine
一期一会that means enjoy each moment that is only once in your life:)
Can you ever have too many antioxidants??
He won't turn, but they're teasing it and I'd love to see it. But people will still cheer for him regardless.
Cellphones are great until you typo something and look like an idiot!
One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS $5 off breakfast pizzas. Happy Mama's Day.
And everywhere I look, you're all I see, did you mean anything, can't you see you're my everything?
R.I.P Whitney Houston
played with an ipad today, pretty neat..
Following others never gets you anywhere first. Lead and you will never get anywhere last.
I do not understand why French is so difficult for me. They try to teach me, but I just can't learn it!
yo bro, you wasnt serious about quitting music... was you? you have a lot of talent.
haha I'm wit cha on that!!
Sometimes I tell myself my day will be perfect and no one will bother me, then I see Tom Hanks and she just ruins everything
What a beautiful day!!!!
Low $ homes near transit will keep it that way! RT : #pedscount2012 Lots of data shows many many southern Californians walk!!
I saw Freedom Writers - it's a good story!
ain't even close ! You are AMAZING !!!!
stifle your sarcasm.
Found a cool new blog on songwriting called Good stuff.
I have the shittiest luck. It is unbelievable.
Every day I'm hustling :P
Yes but I am hungry again approximately 30 seconds after finishing a bag of fruit snacks.
The TOP #1%PERCENT #OWNS #50% of the #STOCK #MARKET! Get in on the action, even if u just put in $20 wk in an ETF! No interest @ the banks
Kinda pissed off right now
Personality Marketing is the latest trend in Branding in an era of information overload and virtual relationships.
Today was a good day
Thank you for following ! Follow us while we go on our first safari to Croatia. We can't wait!
Copy terms and policies from docs to HTML is a drag
: Glad you like the BigOven app on the iPod/iPhone! (I'm the CEO and author.) Happy cooking!
let me know what you think!
Robin van perrywinkle does it again for Arsenal! Great game
I hear RackSpace & now unfortunately think Rack City :-/
Reminder: if you are a young man out drinking in Wisconsin, don't get separated from your group and/or go near water. Too many deaths.
Oh shit beaux arts ball you are crazier than I thought holy moly
S/O to my new amazing follower :D
It's amazing how GOD work only if yall only knew
Your post is so much more eloquent than I could ever hope to be :-) Keep up the good work bro !!
i can not stand GMail!! it's over with us. I am closing you down for better applications!!! HAHAHAHHAHAH GMail Sucks!!
burned 142 calories doing 20 minutes of "Calisthenics (pushups, sit-ups), vigorous effort"
10$ off anything just use rep code : lesher 100
Oh lawd! “: I needta see faith. I got Hella juice”
waved at this guy i thought was he smiled, but i think he noticed i realized it was the wrong guy haha
Unposter on research of LOC classifications of paraphilias and sexuality as medical "issues"
Signs that the Vegas housing market has hit bottom: only 5,500 houses on the market today vs 25k 3 yrs ago. Most w/ multiple offers
Starting the week back in the office. Ready and excited to start patient care. It's gonna be fun today!!
Mcdonalds Girl in VA Beach: where y'all from? Us: Virginia... Her: <skeptical> Us: 37 mcgriddles plz
#SomePeopleShould get locked up by da fashion police Lol!
I'm really starting to like Aoki, he's a valuable player to have on the roster.
they have been calling his bluff from the beginning because they know taqiyya when they see it.
#edusadoha US embassies and #EducationUSA help US #highered connect with foreign MOEs to increase US colleges access to int'l students
Thanks for the RT's y'all, I appreciate it!
Nap time, stupid Webber
Looking for #travel plans for #SpringBreak? Whether you're traveling with #family or #friends, #SanAntonio is the perfect #getaway!
I'd be quit alright if you followed me ;)
we aren't all as old as you. What was your pet dinosaurs name again?
We suspect they may have not given us the correct "syzzurp" as you say as it didn't taste much different from regular "syzzurp"
Medical assistant next year....
Rest in peace #DonnaSummer ... your music always makes me smile.
Apple released iOS 5.1. It's been running on our development iPhone 4S for quite a while - 1st release that works with Bluetooth Low Energy
going to second that suggestion. Carolyn my gateway to loving Merce.
Overall, this weekend was a success :D
: "Just took my last class of my student career...EVER!" Be careful what you wish for! :)
you're not catching on, ugh. What does itch rhyme with?
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
nice turnout! Hope #DC was awesome!
shout out to the homie. thank you for fighting for our freedoms. Get home safe so we can wreck shop in colorado.
There we go!
Beyond Scared Straight -Juvenile Justice Reform: Hearing to determine if teen suspect in Craigslist shootings will be tried as adult |
Proud to work for -- way to take the #phxaddys by storm!
Catch strut down the #SDGoRed runway and in the pages of ! Go Holly!
Today from 530 to 830pm, show us this tweet and get HALF off your drink! Limit 1 per tweet:)
QoTD: "Life isn't like a box of chocolates... it's more like a jar of jalapenos. What you do today might burn your ass tomorrow." (Un ...
Thanks so much Zach! I truly appreciate it. Now, go enjoy some free music!
RIP Dick Clark.
!!! RT : This will be the last time I watch this show...
Welcome MLB All Star!!! We still have some limos available. Call us at 602-904-6232
too dope!
My goal is to meet one direction no matter how old I become(:
Happy B-day you guys!
Happy to hear about India's new obsession with Bobby D. In high school my BFF and I used to write him letters
Today's Cancer Up-side: Dentists don't bitch at you about not flossing when you're in for treatment to prep for head & neck radiation.
You are the fire on my apartment floor. I'd rather burn than fall. ♥
We are very excited about creating the LIVING CHAIR w/ living wall artist Edmundo Ortega for the Farmers Mkt
#GeorgeWBush is for !
Exactly! They were from Hawaii..we replaced them! Small world, eh? :)
Busy day here at WebCamWindow. Working on something really cool!
Happy 227th birthday to reknowned ornithologist, naturalist and painter John James Audubon!
I was just about to RT that
oh god i am always a day ahead.
Trying to get myself together.
margaritas tomorrow afternoon?
Your designs are absolutely stunning btw
Thank you Benjie!
HEy Wine World on the Twitterverse! This is who I LOVE to Follow!
The refs would have been lynched in East Lansing if they called it the other way.
I'm planning on going dancing tonught.... Cue music, "the club can't even handle me right now."
Check out our FREE EP at www.keycommittee.com! Oh, and if anyone gets us a gig, we will get you hammered!
Don't front you still gon let a nigga slide through later
I still don't understand why Bill Clinton was so condemned for messing around. The guy WAS in the middle of using his hall pass.
yeah! it helps that they are gummies :D
Talking about my current exhibition "Wait For It" tonight at Minnesota State Mankato. 7pm
Go spurs!!
I wanted it to be grizz vs heat....Now my guys on da heat gotta get there.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
why yes ma'am
mine was exactly one month yesterday:P
only if they bring me tchotchkes
Tired of not being appreciated cutying it out
Audition for principal for feature film at Universal Studios
Pets are like emotional sponges. Keep a positive, happy attitude for their best health www.wholepetdiet.com
The 7 Deadly Sins of Social Good — And How to Avoid Them
Congrats! "The Moon Coin" looks awesome : )
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. Jesse Jackson
Why, I want you to! At this point theres no absolute way I can get the money..I spend it too much on other bands.
i texted you EARLY this morning dude. yousuck.
Lmfaoo sluts. You have a boyfriend & you text 50 other guys.
Jake and Amir is awesome. youtube it!
": The #SuperBowl is like American politics: millionaires hitting each other to make 100 yards of progress. #USA"
Spontaneous day #2. I enjoy spontaneity
What will future truth seekers think when they find this video.
is recovering from an awesome camping trip, replete with family and friends, s'mores, and shooting stars.
It's Graduation Day at the Aviation Technology Center for Vincennes University Students. Congratulations to all!
#thatawkwardmoment when u tryna ball out by payin for ur shoes wit a credit card and then lady at the register tells you
Find the red Zagat shirt hanging on the pole off Republic and Boren.
So I am doing a screenwriting workshop on Saturday with a focus on character. And I just found out we'll be discussing Drive. =)
I'm getting my phone fixed tomorrow so hopefully I'll have it back by tomorrow night or Tuesday D: wiasknzadsfjasdkfjzaynads
OH! She means she loves Erica more than she loves me. That's not surprising.
lol >>>> low prices everyday .
Congrats on third place for best restaurant food coverage from the AFJ.
I feel as if it is time to go already.
: You are SO lucky. Great Laker game tonight.
Have a great weekend, Tweeps! Hope you find ways to #thrive this wknd!
me too!
lol they do but you gotta pay. Just watch it on tv, they show it on channel 9 :)
Following the first 5 people who RT this :)
Just added 's panel to my #sxsw schedule.
RT S/O to miss for rockn out 2days shoot wit !!! Great job on make- up too!!!
I make him pizzas all the time!
This week's features Brittney from Listen Saturdays @ 10am or Sundays @ 8pm on
James Harrison suspension is PR move by nfl to cover up their useless concussion policies
Better than really working. #WorkplacePayoff - $100/hr every hour m-f 9a-5p - Your cue in minutes.
#top100lies Obama will get unemployment under 8 percent
explain how to combat same sex marriage to those that claim we as Christians should only love,tolerate,forgive and include
Stop 8 - Coaches!!! Whiskey and some fries to complete the night!
i wanted to go see the avengers today but i dont like going to the movies before 6 :|
Back to Jens house
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday - Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
Thank You Jesus for loving us as we are!
Huge hug for from the President.
Oh yeah. RT is rockin' a great green living giveaway with Chicago boutique Enter to win today!!
See the documentary “The Shot Felt ‘Round the World” Nov. 11-13!
Now watching PHANTOM FROM SPACE(1953). Doesn't look too exciting but at least it seems better than the last one I tired to watch.
Used your pasta tonite with red sauce w/ fresh veggies for dinner- delicious, thanks for helping make our meal aHHmazing.
Just received awesome news for a charity event I'm planning-- Time for happy music! Its gonna be a
no problem :)
Thanks for the invite. Count me in!
Leibowitz of the : "Privacy & innovation go hand in hand" Exactly! Both come from market forces not govt fiat
oh boy oh boy oh boy....
#ImGettingTiredOf smiley face texts from ur mom
ewww for real???
Online.... How is everyone doing?
Coming to London tomorrow! "Matilda" in the p.m.- can't wait. Any recs for later?
aww thanks :) so are you!
Retain our company for your customer service call needs! We can handle your calls professionally and keep your clients satisfied!
Well i wanna be a pediatrician but i don't know yet! (x
The whole episode left much to be desired...
Are you an artist/musician/band looking for a gig on a Sun, Mon, Tue or Wed? Contact us!
“: The Heat practically tried to give the game to the pacers and they just wont take it! Smh” and vice versa
"If a Jew tweets it, it's okay."
was he BIG? ( blush )
how did two weeks pass?! I can't believe you're back. Welcome home!
if you returen to you #abuser(s) you could be abused again and even #KILLED!! #theabusecyclestopswithme !!
Finally succumbing to illness. With Lee Hazlewood on the stereo.
you're just faking it. you dont actually like me.
Direct eye contact is a mother fucker lol
Happy Monday! Have a great day off to those who have the day off! Lol
I want a sneak peek!!
Each day im realizing more and more that im better off without in my life thanks for all the good times though but now im moving on
its my sister bday party
Kathleen Falk nails double-digit win over Tom Barrett in straw poll following 1st Dem Party-sponsored campaign forum.
you are a very strange person... Haha I was going to send you that pic to make your morning better.. But I decided to save it ;)
no good! Hopefully it turns around before the weekend! Otherwise...we'll help out!
You know when I told you guys imma start a twitter diary it starts tomorrow get ready Life of cutie coming soon
it'll buy u another chance ! RT I got the 4 & 23. Did I win a dollar? lol Darn, I guess I have to go back to work
#projectX a movie starts on march 2nd, which is on my birthday!)) are there any free tickets for me? Would like to watch a movie, please!)))
Dolphins crushed/Bills win, wife makes killer hamburgers, daughter reads first 4 letter words, final touches on dissertation proposal.
The Consumer Interactions, LLC homepage just launched! Uber beta but its live.. and was built by !
send me those school pics of the 11s :(
Audition Tip: Even if you only sing 16 bars at auditions, it’s in your best interest to know the entire song.
though apparently our city won't allow me to plant anything at all in my own backyard because of a drainage easement
“: Hello IL friends! RT : On exec #ILSHRM executive board call with & others” ears burning?
will have downtime for final migration - different sections of #alma will have different downtime
Thank you for joining the cause! Together we can bring a new approach to Ward 5!
Guess I will watch some futurama to help pass the time
u do
Ugh I don't like Erica from Bad Girls Club .
Frappucino time! Walking down the street with a whipped cream mustache. I know what it looks like. I don't care. Feels good.
He is so good. But people hype him up too much about being clutch and it gets annoying. And Lebron is better.
All this hurricane talk is annoying. It's coming, prepare and wait. Otherwise leave. No reason to panic.
She's got to learn real fast to not do that crap anymore.
Me and this fridge have this sexual tension thing going on...
On top of that, I'm bored.
Excited about the big splash is going to make at this year. Come check out our booth.
Got a call from a scam artist purporting to be with our A/C installer to schedule "checkup"...bogus phone number. Beware! .
BBQ at Vets Home on Friday - Salt Lake Tribune
I love the way you tweet. #gurl “: this really sucks in my favor. ”
"Stress is the fertilizer of creativity"
haha ya I'm mad...all those messages killin my phone battery lol
Wow! Great offer. I will follow up w u on that. I'd also like to find a corner of a place where I might set up a pop-up bakery
And the best for last: Delivery of the game ball at Saturday's game! Call 402-403-3776 to get your tickets today!
thanks for following our Ministry for abused Children have a Great Christmas and New Year..Blessings your way:)))))
Who is going to see the movie, "Grease," at the Historic Turner Ballroom Feb. 11? Popcorn and beer will be served!
Amen RT : I really liked Dwight Howard before all this nonsense. Just play the game and deal with the nonsense after the season.
Cavs center Anderson Varejao out indefinitely due to fractured right wrist.
You can ask him.
I'm following the next 12,467 people that follow
personal consumption is okay, just don't let anyone have a sip, that's intent to distribute.
I did that on purpose for you :) lol
Chevy grad commercial good but we've seen it Soo many times
no chipotle? Wow. Sounds like prison
Let's challenge producers of #HungerGames to put some of their profits to use protecting children from use as Child Soldiers.
Go Follow my bestfriend ♥ shes #Teammindless, cool, and pretty;)
u got much on x
Im gonna be doing some facebook stalking to see where everyones going to college now that its finally the deadline.
Shelly duncan clutch double
Lolz idk what's going on
Stop by the #Dell #NAAMBA booth today if you are interested in a career w/ Dell
Tweet me I'm bored
Learning Polish with my friends... This crap is crazy!!!
thanks for the shout! At rehearsal now. Big show Friday. Pineapple Jacks. 10 pm.
elderkitty has come out of her shell and is roaming the house ... very nice
thanks for the follow mr. seattle... Hope life is treating you well;)
What am I gonna do without my boo for 4 days ? :/
damn you spotify premium!
Wish you could read my mind right now, then hopefully you'd understand...
cuz i think toast left gs
*looks at cardigan collection* So on the nose. RT : Friday Fact: Cardigans notwithstanding an archivist is not a librarian.
It is generally known that the word "barbeque" entered English from the Taino language.
It's gonna be nutty.
Cubs Lost. I'm drinking.. I'm feeling just fine.
what the french is this a dawm reunion
please notice me!!! please 21
i dont think so is she not with you?
Shoulda went to Orlando for Allstar wknd but watchin on tube $$$$ not this year _CIAA will do & southbeach mid summer~~~Word!
Sh*t I'm losing followers because I can't follow back!!!, something is wrong withy iPod!!!!!!
I'm sure Freddy Garcia will use the same excuse.
Had an awesome time meeting all my Alabama family today. Aunt Kitty sure can bake a pound cake!
If Austin come to indonesia, I guess he will never forget how beautiful Indonesian culture is
Disassembling an iPhone should be left to professionals.
Ugh! Why do people have cell phones and never answer them?!! Grrrrr!
Today's best heard line: "Beware the articulate incompetent."
"You can do side bends or sit-ups, but please don't lose that butt!"
-~|~|- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Thanks to for RT-ing our #artsblog article!
wow i havent been on here in 3 whole days!
I don't even think they should do that...
Which astronaut wears the biggest helmet?The one with the biggest head.
'Kay, got that part. How do I include links in my tweets?
Thankfully we have a girl, 1 1/2, so guess we have a year to go before this craziness! Thanks though, good luck!
Brady is channelling his inner Matt Flynn.
Where ever you find your strength go there at your weakest moments.
RT : If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.
been trying to get a hold of you. Let's jam!
better to listen to purple rain than watch purple rain
Yessir Ben, much love for that. is the man, it's crazy how he's sustained his relevance for so long. 100% legend. /Cc
If I'm alive and well, will you be there holding my hand? I'll keep you by my side with my superhuman might.
You experience more when you live free
RT I have the blues. No reason - it's a girl thing. : ( *it is a girl thing and we just have to wait it out. hang in there*
back at yo ass
Everyone wish a happy birthday. - E
beside Todd is really helping us out with the PR api and CM app, I wouldn't have figured it out myself that quick, he is awesome !
Gotta love Tupac..but he was able to reach a much wider audience in death than he did in life..same with kurt cobain & many others
this is my first time watching it. I may or may not have teared up at one point..
Follow back? xx
I don't understand how my day can go from great to fucking miserable in such a hurry. Ugh 😡. Kill me soon please😲.All ⬇hill from here.
oh boy, that came out wrong....I meant that oak creek dude must have been the SECOND choice ;)
Looking at how higher ed engages with advanced core technologies at today's #ACTI12 member meeting.
when do you guys open?
It's #snowing! Put on a liquid jacket tonight with $1 drinks! One of the best #deals in
I need something to do
Busy day in the office today, setting up VoIP systems for our customers! ...We do all the hard work for you :D
About to get some blackberry wheat at thr3e wisemen! it's been awhile!
Mine just seems excited about the whole thing; looking forward to board games after test, mostly.
Just saw it! Thank you! :)
Installing a free copy of #Rift that was given to me by my bosses at yesterday. Let the gaming commence!
I'm to young to die, so turn me on. ~Nicki Minaj
Feels good outside
thank you for sharing your story today at @ StJudeCCS
can you follow me? <3
