Live, Laugh, Love...
I wish I had instagram
Is it like don't text Vanessa day or something D;?
what are you doing Friday afternoon!? I'm coming home and I'd love to finally meet Ky and catch up with you :)
i miss u
Just Kall Me Biggie Biggie
Thank you, we appreciate you!
If your in the Downtown area, stop by our 4 Aces Grill and try our daily lunch specials! 1527 4th St.
What type of information would YOU like to see from the 36 Percent Project?
i want use "den a hoe" but I can't find anything worth tweeting.
wow, what an awesome day! I loved my first Christmas Eve with my wifey and cannot wait for Christmas Day now!
you are easy! :) RT : she's my favorite co-worker right now! haha
In San Diego. My body clock is confused and I need a nap. Glad there's no meeting today.
Thanks. Bummed he is leaving, but it's a business. Curious to see if Angels play at Busch in next few years.
You leave her 4 someone else,then someone else leaves YOU for somebody else!
"In the end, it’s not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away."
Sweet. Shoot me an email and I'll put em up tomorrow
T-Storms passing overhead, lightning flashing as we sit in awe at the display. Do U have enough faith to believe this happened by accident?
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you?
Oh yeah, dental appointment after work (oh how fun)
And IDGAF what u gotta say! That man can rap! Lol
Rushworth Kidder speaks about his new book "Good Kids, Tough Choices" at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today at noon in the Rines.
The musical performance done in honor of the Beastie Boys was pretty bad ass!
they filmed us singing to her but it wasnt part of the episode. Just behind the scenes stuff I think
you still live in Avon?
"the glass is leaking"
Virginia's bats come alive in the 2nd, already 4 runs in as Knight is onto pitch for Schmeiser for Maryland.
I was supposed to be able to pee. I'm not over it. I'm not over this moment. My pieces---it seems like someone kicked me with cleats on.
omg Sara knows how to text already? :)
Good crowd for a wednesday night game against the cavs. I'm a bit surprised.
im on my way! save me one!
PARTY BUS NOW AVAILABLE! LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING FOR THIS FRIDAY NIGHT! CONTACT US NOW FOR DEEPLY DISCOUNTED RATE FOR BLUE MAGIC! 447-2446
Going to spend the evening with my GF
I think my head might explode if I got to have a pint with both of you at the same time.
so call me, maybe?
“: ": Man the #spurs so damn disciplined." Yo bro you spelled boring wrong” LMAO!
I was thinking candles but that probably proved to be a little dangerous.
Thanks for the follow, I agree Twitter is pretty special.
You need to get in my booth too. got a bunch of new shit in here
I finally made a wish to meet sterling hope they grant it :) but it will not be easy
honestly your a great friends, thanks for always being there for me. #AprilFools I hate you.
“ “ without God on my side , I wouldn't have made it through this year .””
Why would my score keep going down if my followers keep going up? What a rubbish system.
eBay Bought DVD GPS Radio Gap Filler Installation on TOYOTA Highlander - gps car dvd players
do you think supreme is a weird name
Who cares! Omg. Stupid Aliens.
it was deleted
Agreed. Although we have to invite next time! She's a Loring Park girl, too
"You either die a superhero or live to become the villain." I like that.
Thanks, Paul. I'm still sore, but feeling better than I did in the morning.
Dinner last night at Mini Bar after 9 months of trying to get a reservation! TOTALLY WORTH THE WAIT! THX
LOL u were crazy!!!! ;P
aahhh ilove your ustream!! Anyway your shirt said "free kisses" can I get a free kiss?!! *mauh*
Move The Floor Uproar is this Saturday! By the way, we saw Bridesmaids last night, definitely The Hangover for girls.
RT PINKYLILLY_ If you had big money you would have three cell phones
Switzerland is awesome....POOF!!!
Skype yes!! As soon as we get the Internet hooked up...we just moved into our new apt. Last night. YAY!!!
Quite probably! I'm glad the 2e-ness was recognized. One of my sts, extremely gifted & autistic, wasn't until HS
Dam drake fan much!
“: Those moments in your life that you play over and over in your mind.”
WHO IS IT?!?!?! This feels like my search for the elusive 1 house code (like "1 Elm St.") when I was younger.
plz b me
No time for lunch today yet. May as well wait for dinner now.
Who would be your candidate to take Andrew Toney's role?
and colleges have freshman, sophomore, junior, senior too.
Check out - a creative approach to promoting development in the "developed" world!
Did you know that #robo-calls will let the phone ring for an average of 12 times?
RT Herb Tillery recommends to to mandate all students complete a FAFSA
It's the last day of double points weekend!! Come in today to get twice the points on all your purchases!
lots of healing energy to you! :)
Aah! That's one of my favorite Sunny clips too!
Staying up to see Tim Riggins on Jay Leno! :)
another one of Shaw... It's comical how much he screws up
Cubs taking early $$$ vs Carpenter
we have a lot of holes would like to really sure up our OL. But a 3-4 NT can be acquired in later rounds
lol! I gotta feed the streets tho! U been actin real crazy ever since u found out Tupac Back
"Shout out to my haters, sorry that you couldn't phase me." "Haters are my motivators." Lmao shut up!
I am happy to be an alumni of Howard University!
Outreach to businesses about #water #conservation today. Distributing educational materials in Solana Beach
Loved DD on #DWTS even got the hubby to vote!
I got so many girls numbers & I don't even tell em anymore smh
": where you gone be at this weekend ?" In the H, yall playing?
Just turned the volume up for
we need somethin to look forward to in ADDITION to our sports teams cuz they still have it on lock
Gym done! Nice to be back after a few days off.
A certificate does not make you certified. Attitude, performance, commitment to self and team - these and a certificate make you certified.
So if I am unfollowing people, I'm not sure how it's happening?!? :s
where are your tweets?
Shooting "winter wonderland" with talented make up teal druda and insightful photog John hong
small world! Love it :)
Thanks, that means a lot to me!
just a figure of speech man.
I got these niggas flocking 😁
I grew up in a house with an outhouse and seriously used it as a playhouse. Now Violet's baby doesn't seem so weird.
Thanks for the follow, you interest me. Keep it real.
The most destructive habit is worry.
Morning #LuckiCharmz ! Have a wonderful day at school! (: tweet me xoxo
Just wiped four hours of work... at least second time is always faster...
Let bravery be thy choice, but not bravado.
My last image with the Nikon D7000 « A Bigger Camera
what's up ? Are you okay? I just saw all your tweeds. You know you can talk to me if you need me.:c
Go Patriots!
I Screamed "no" that we did not clear that
I would like to meet u to(:
#truthis I try to be calm and hold everything together.. But everyone has their breaking point.. At some point enough has to be enough..
Geo-specific targeting copy compared to general creative often out-performs with CTR and ROAS.
Lol nigga found himself caught up.....
I think the point was that Instagram was worth a billion *to FB*. FB's mobile photo experience was terrible.
Joey's officially out of school and headed for Kindergarten next year! :)
Amen to that, my friend!
Yup. Third try and keep getting git errors. Time for plan B.
we do petting zoo programs too. Just lending out e-readers for ppl to play with has been great! Playing = learning.
I got the history of the wwe championship and the Monday night war. :-)
In the loft finna get the night started... Whats popin A town?
You ask if new image to text service "crear empleo?" I suppose it will, to aid visually impared people understand visual info
for lazer led Zeppelin. Gotta love that we have such an amazing community resource! And lazers...
HAHA! yes let's go get the I send dirty pictures to guys special (; Guys will dig it babe <3 lol love you too <33
I'm certified Tellington TTouch. Offering it in service to amazing Walter.
What's your favorite song on the album???
Been working since 3pm yesterday & don't get off till 11am this morning.
any time :) what was so embarrassing?
I once knew a guy who changed his name to NIKE RT : SMH RT : Nebraska man changes name to Tyrannosaurus Rex:
" 2011: Every day I'm shuffling. 1836: Each and every riseth of the sun I will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner.”
Hope you are feeling better
Is there some kind of StarWars battle going on against Gandolf in Middle-Earth?
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
You're welcome!!!
Ok, my #GameofThrones fangirling is done for the night. 'Til next week!
President Barack Obama is bowing to political pressure from leftwing environmental activists by rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline.
Back to school today :/
I hate reminding employees the importance of filling out self-appraisals...and hate filling out my own! I always procrastinate!
thanks mommy! :) Mrs. Jerrell liked our video!
In retrospect, boof had exactly the kind of career you'd expect of a guy named boof.
Who else thinks Jim Palmer is one of the best in the business with color commentary? Bmore....we are very fortunate! #JimPalmerClassAct!
Ok! "The idea that the president can guarantee #250gas is preposterous." You're welcome. RT Please RT #250gas today!
Its almost time, we run with the Devil! #Kovalchuk #Brodeur #Parise #NJDevils Put them fuckers away tonight!
oh snap...it's #cincodemayo Saturday and I'm legal.
a guest on NW Sports Tonight right now..cardiac arrest survivor...former husky
Thanks for the tweet and the link!
actual cartography?
It was alright, yours?
About to do these push ups I gotta shape back
I just learned what GNR means... Haha well I understand all gas but no brakes is just not safe
Danielle - what was your floor music? Mine was inspector gadget!
Why do you want to follow me?
Rt if you miss someone
Hearts shooting out of my eyeballs for
I have been trying to find/buy a statue of the virgin Mary, but the a-holes in these parts buy whatever ones we put out immediately. Ugh.
Funny. Maybe DeMaio was there after all, speechless.
If I'm I'm nervous with the effort Missouri is giving. Norfolk State's band has better effort. Final Four or Final Failure?
Appreciated, thank you!
i know but it's ma'am to you, SIR! :)
pray tell, which of my 197 rambling tweets do you speak?
RT : Today in 1866 Pres. Johnson vetoed Civil Rights Act & sent explanatory msg to Senate; Congress overrode veto in Apr.
Do you follow international developments? How much involved are you?
the book is a reprint from the 1960s, so there's probably a need.
Book 6: Complete. The final part of this tale now begins.
To hot for boots in Nashville!
-- I dig this Norm why can't you bring this more often.... I adore mi amore
Fabio does not defeat the old spice guy!
RT : Instead of saying U'll never visit NC, how abt fidng gay owned/optd biz in NC & be the best most frequent customr ever?
thanks for following if you come to #ATL come check us out 254 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga
me too, but for different reasons I'm sure
I am incredibly shy..
Can I delete your number now?
yes , should be
Oh no....not the belly...SMH. He need to get back in the gym. I luv me some Busta.
getting ready to do needlework
i'm not choosing between you and him..
First preseason games tonight. There was a time when these games looked to be in serious jeopardy. .
is at a 4th of July rooftop bbq. :)
OKC My Team.
it Aint even Gotta Be Like That !
Its really good!!! I just saw it today!
shhhhh! Nobody needs to know!
May better be bringing some damn flowers and sunshine! No more showers. #hopeful ☀🌷
The International Wizard of Club 2011 Convention has begun in Banner Elk, NC.
Greatest Easter ever with my amazing girlfriend and my great great family
Very interesting research from Jason Hong: context-aware scalable authentication - help you auth faster if we can reliably identify it's you
Just watched the grey and that movie fucked up my alaska fishing trip. Guess i will fish from the safety of a boat!
oh dang. My godmother and I have that in common. :-/
Same to you! xoxo
1 out of every 8 people on earth is on Facebook.
if you want me to score you free drinks tonight you gotta let me finish getting ready
you are so sweet! Thank you!
There really is nothing cooler than seeing throbs of fans waving towels in the air, but perhaps it is becoming a bit of a cliche'.
Bike commuting for 2 years has really changed my life, at least in terms of my work and exercise habits.
Student question about running Leo's privately. Hasn't looked into it except growing organic products. - Auxiliary Services
Rosalie: here's ur ice cream cone. Me: but its just a cone Ro: sorry I sorta ate the ice cream part. Me: ...........
Truthfully morally I don't think that's his position he is concerned about the rights of people not defining marriage
I literally have a mouth full o chocolate right now. I love that u r a spin instructor! I am certified & too lazy. ;)
GC Tip: If an event shift is long, bring a snack bar with you--they fit in your pocket and you'll save valuable time on breaks!
Not a HUGE fan, but I know everything about him bcuz last summer I was obsessed, I do love his music though best summer tun ...
How long will it take you to get there?
That was fun! Thanks again.
I love rock 'n roll, so put another dime in the jukebox box baby!
Excited for City Hearts "A Day of Enchantment" on Saturday, June 2, 2012!
Anyone with a Verizon iPhone able to get good service in the Georgia Dome? I swear AT&T sucks in any crowded areas.
Planning to vote early ? You have until noon today, Monday, May 7. Use Delaware Street for easy building access.
NBA & LA among top 5 global leaders in sports social media. FCBarcelona, RealMadrid & ManUtd are the rest.
To get free text messaging from #XfinityVoice, download the Xfinity Mobile app to your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Android device.
gosh i'm a nerd for the foursquare badges....nerd say what? (wwhat!:)
In tha studio with of Nappy Roots ... New Video COMING SOON for "LifeStyle" (Prod. By DJ Self Serve)
i don't think so can you?
The birthday messages my mom always leaves me >>
and gnashing of teeth
And George hill tells everybody to shut up haha
"Reading Habermas totally helped me understand Lyotard"
Tomorrow - mental health day at the #VMFA and fabric shopping in Richmond. My #workaholic vacation.
#thevoice Christina Millian doing her thing! What's her loser baby daddy name again oh yeah nobody!
Asian Invasion: CO brings Vietnamese to King
Thank you for staying with us! We hope to see you again soon.
#SubwayFan yupp he's in love with Subway he once ate Subway for a whole week...(:
Indeed.. How are you doing tonight
Music, music, music....I like big ballad rock songs by groups like Journey and Queen but Katy Perry is my guilty pleasure.
oh I didn't know you were the grammar police!!!! Haha
“: If his mom loves you more than she loves him #keephim”
Follow for future SimpleGeo API updates
I tried support too. But I want ppl to stop trying to make Brandy an actress. She is not.
With just over a week left in the Kickstarter project we need all hands on deck to pull this off.
hahaha I know nothing about coaching
If you want kindness, respect and love, you have to give it freely. Life is giving to live. Life is love, love is life. Love gives freely.
Nahh lol I'm too antsy and impatient n other stuff to stay in my bed for a week I disappear tho if I need my alone time tho
I hear u loud and clear!!!
Had my first #tsaprecheck. Reminds you how different things were 10 years ago.
YAY! Made a twitter
Ready to watch my black&gold destroy that useless team in red.
“: Fueling your body properly before a workout will increase your productivity"- As well as fueling within 30 min afterwards!
#smsportschat A2 The frenetic nature of social media means successful brands have to meet people where they are with what they want.
We love this!
Who is worse, Asma #Assad or Leila Ben Ali?
you're really really pretty nh.
all is well. What's new? How is Myles?
Watching "8 Mile"
I would sometimes read the horoscopes the day after. I was like, "well, that didn't happen yesterday." lol They're so lame! :-P
Yeah Adele, I remember when I set fire to the rain too. Wait..what?
you in?
i haven't seen you in a minute. how are you brad paisley??
lol...are u a cook?
haha ... Your not supposed to do that-_- ha
Have a great week
Always! RT : You ready for some ballpark food?!
“: get caught in the rain.”
Winter storm warning for Sunday in Sacramento and Sierras. Winds up to 50 mph. Secure your belongings and watch for potential tree hazards.
Indianapolis Police Dept. try to justify beating of 15 year old black teenager by demonstrating arrest techniques for those that resist +
Why not ? RT - The next person to RT this gets an autographed #TopChef t-shirt. :)
happy fathers day to my daddy whos in heaven r
The moon don't even look big tho
"Being negative and hurting someone's feelings is no way to win a competition."
awesome. She looks just like you.
Thanks for a truly inspirational master class.
I heard that Tuesday's White House launch will stream live. We'd love to tune in. Do you have a URL?
Great session for OVICN planned today with looking forward to learning more about identifying cognitive demand levels.
I still need you, baby that's the truth.
A very happy birthday and all the best wishes to new mama Erin Chambers Smith ! We miss ya !!
once got into it with cus he made a joke that i was going to xmen because mcavoy is cute
She's from Grand Rapids! We stole her, but are giving her back tonight and tonight only
Don't do it, James! Don't!
thank you sir for the trailer. as you know ive been asking you about it for a while. it looks fantastic.
Are you telling me I should expect another night surrounded by 4 trembling dogs?
RT : dipping onions on a stick in caramel instead of apples #bestprankever #YUCK Totally trying this. Good one!
u have changed alot wen u started to go out with selena u cut your hair and became less caring sine then fans started leaving
I can't seem to find myself. I missing my best side.
"when we buy or consume, it's like voting" Rafael, Northwestern university food service worker
We're launching into 2.5 weeks of _Ulysses_ just after the break in modern brit. lit. A fun book to teach… when they start to get it.
that's great!
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back up." ~ Vince Lombardi
I saw it 2day. Pretty funny! RT: TheGeishaGirl21: Hey has any one seen the hangover yet,,,,, am going tomorrow to see it,,,, i here i
what twitter app do you use for your phone???
#MikeBrown know he gonna get fired coaching the Lakers like tht and expect for them to win a game
How is that I didn't know Zizek was giving a lecture in Chicago? I've seen him speak but still would have been interesting nonetheless.
I don't wanna be here...
Church was awesome.. Homework is all done...Dinner was fantastic..Now, time to relax and listen to my iPod!!! THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS DAY:).
The player who stays the lowest the longest, wins.
You misspelled "Ron Paul."
Who is going to see on their first tour!?
reality is over rated.
So Agree!! ...songs like "Someone Like You" + "Grenade" maybe send our youth the wrong message about stable relationships.
“: "k" is the shortest way to spell "Fuck you."” you are pretty bad at this.
Happy Friday the 13th Milwaukee! Are you superstitious? Tell us about it!
long as it's a weekend I have free. I'm sure you deserve it.
Thanks so much, Emma!! I'm so happy to hear you love it! :))) xx
We're big fans. As we said, there was just some tough competition in that flick. :)
#VSFashionShow! Hot n sexy!! Hot women angels!!!
Great conversation going on!
well i hate #chirstmas i never git anything so iv been #parting wit
Heart Gallery features children in foster care system - KVUE
Practice makes perfect.
It's a tweet sensation! Today!
one of the girls made it up its pretty good! Did any 8th graders from other middle schools tryout other than us and lincoln?
My dear sweet Thunderbird mail: FYI, the Board email messages are NOT junk. Also, your filters save my sanity. Love, swamped w/email.
you staying for long? Hit up Avilas and chicos tacos
November 21, 1934 -The Yankees purchase Joe DiMaggio from the San Francisco Seals of the Pacific Coast League. The cost was $50,000.
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
Thanks for sharing IndianaBeerdotCom's link! :)
ive heard im picky but im not. im jus praying for my "him" and i dont wanna jus be another girl "hes" getting at.
Your my soft taco
One last time tomorrow
tell me about it. I'm about one cookie over my limit. LOL
yeah, that's the best part
Liverpool's independent Liam Fogarty posts a lively Mayoral manifesto: Former BBC editor poses a serious challen..
#lessonslearned Don't cook nude on V-Day..It may sound like a sexy thing to do but burnt ta-tas are NOT sexy....
Thanks for the RT
"I slept good last night." -____-
LSU...LSU...LSU...LSU....Go Tigers! Let's see defense join the party this week.
omg ava u need 2 get on more and guess whos home :)
Finally getting around to reading Father Greg's Tattoos on the Heart. Tremendous book on creating opportunity for people rebuilding lives.
Did I really talk to him today..? Or is he a poser...
Spanish speaking test tomorrow...
I'm doing well sweetie!! How are you?
That's a great addiction to have! Care to give the app a review in the app store?
WANT A TICKET TO INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S DAY BANQUET?? go to the MSSC any time between now and Saturday to reserve your spot!
4. The eurozone is for pretty much everyone in Europe.
book cover. And if the next book I'm doing one for is assembled in time I might just have 2!
It's really upsetting that Aubrey Huff is the new Miguel Tejada
Some things that happen to bad people in fiction shouldn't happen to good people in real life.
congrats man, cant wait for u to ball & whoop some ass next season for the Bmore RAVENS!
Remember: Today is the last day to enter our Cold Frame contest. Click on the "sweepstakes" tab on the left. Good luck!
If I have 10 chocolate cakes & someone asks me for 1, how many chocolate cakes do I have left? That's right 10.
whoaa they did a cover? How did I not see this??
UT releases endorsements today. Clearly snubs Rik Hauptfeld in CD7! Politics as usual! Shame on UT 4 no mention!
Wow pick a key josh turner lite!
"My Birthday Cake" hahahaha
thanks for the retweet!
i made way too much food
So did the Patriots win that game or did Baltimore give it to them?? Hm
Somebody on the street stopped me to talk about Palestine, but I was running late...
go to bed!!! Lol
I miss you guys, please say hello to everyone from me ~hugs and love always~
Super stoked to host at the Magic Stick on 8/30! How's that for ?
My level of ticked off is between clubbing a seal and punching a baby.
For sure, dude. :(
Many times your story needs to be told to give glory to God & to help others-just be sure the timing is right!
(Gonna regret sayin this) we haven't had the big one yet.
in education? Just curious. That's what I do now. Love the FB page name.
LUCKeSHOPPER! You feel LUCKY?
That income tax was declared unconstitutional.
You are also are on the same album as - #Cincy Love for you!
ortega tacos.. wow...... dont even know what I can say about that
I wanna work out tomorrow but no one will come with me. Fml
It's sunny days like today with a slight breeze when you really get true enjoyment from a full mustache.
Also...listening to Vacationer. The lead singer does sound completely different recorded.
What if we all practiced listening more and talking less?
It's even better in person! Thanks for the reply.
vball tourny all day-- going to sleep
RT On deck: the Rev. Ben Campbell is set to discuss economic segregation in Richmond Public Schools at 7:08. WRVA 1140-AM.
Beyond. Rhythm section so tight you can beat match quantized music to it.
Thanks! Any multiplayer suggestions for 360?
oh ... lolz... i never talked to nobody on here from texas.. lolzz.. but thats whassup... im in ATL.
im new to the twitter world lol
when r we getting ijailbreak bracelets?
storms are a brewin
#ThatAmazingFeeling when youu get up really early , get everything ready and have time to go back to sleep :)
They sound great!
It was never your fault
Dear Bing, if I update the location of my library on your map, don't tell me it's too far from original location! Your map is way off!
Ready to go home & chill !
Getting Sarah squeaky tonight!
Words cannot describe..tonight was neat:)
Heard a chunk of the new unreleased album the other night. Sick!
TY!We welcome new followers!! RT : power tweets! Those not yet following you are missing out
(talking cows) 1: it's like a steakhouses worst nightmare! 2: alright were all gonna go to outback steakhouse, everyone in the kitchen!
Thx 4 the link to the LA Public's Teen site. Super creative web design!
yeah I had to get a pic with her...I never realized we are the same height
Strength: "Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an INDOMITABLE WILL." Mahatma Gandhi Happy Friday Everyone and ha…
Thanks for the RT!
even though its march madness in vegas, people are already talking @ fantasy football
almost half alive?
Thinking about a tattoo to get or come up with to cover up my scar on my leg
Need #NFL or #NHL tickets? Call (310) 801-1868 & mention Twitter.
Bracing for Demographic Winter: The &quot;Overpopulation Crisis&quot; - Center for Research on Globalization
turned out the hackscript affected an inessential bit, and Verian got the rest up and going.
NO FEELINGs... NO HURT.. NO PAIN!! STAT SINGLE
GREAT show last night executioners!!!!!! Day In Day Out on sale now!!!!!
Sex and the City
How could you forget 3 Andy Griffith Show changes... Andy- Madlock, Barney- Mr Furley and Opie- Richie Cunningham?
“: we're excited to try your brew!” Thanks for supporting, we hope you enjoy!
ill play with u another night, tonight was just a loner night
met you at pinkberry on sunday. youre a cool ass dude, sucks you get a bad rap. congrats on the baby and thanks for the pic
Lorissa and Diane behind the bar tonight. Cougar hunting? Lol
Im very glad I did!
Happy Mommy's Day weekend! So something nice for dear ol' Ma today. :)
It's so beautiful outside! I think I'll stay inside and tweet about it.
any way to many artist have short hair, ha ha
hello jesse how you been?
Baby, its cold outside.
hey pretty lady! LA has been interesting, but fun! Lol and I'm still working on the famous part :-) how are you?
Too bad I lost my job in 2008...
you should post the gifs you made online ok c:
Chris thanks for following us, we are following back!
hi :D
I don't want tomorrow to be Monday. WAH.
KEEN-wa. I just feel healthier having learned how to say it. haha. And yeah, I'm starved too but totally uninspired by my pantry.
YES SHE IS
Watching dance moms:miami , wish my mommy would have put me in dance as a little kid !
any chance they will let you use the value towards another carrier that will get you there on time?
uncalled-for for hahah my eye is almost swollen shut
You canceled my dog's flight TWICE. We moved without him! We miss him & are incurring costs for his care. HORRIBLE service!
on Skype, where are u? Lol
The clock that wakes you up in the morning, is sometimes the same one that keeps you awake all night
Today was so awkward in bio....we were learning the reproductive system. It was just all around awkward!
The 2nd tornado drill is at 6:55. Great time to practice your family emergency plan.
Happy new year! Sweet dreams. : )
Yeah buddy:)<33 😊
thanks! I will! You deserve one too!
So... How was the Talent Show Dylan? :D
I'm about to be there, possibly with
kimberly ! I haven't seen you since a lifetime ago. Mesh ):
i wonder if and actually read all the tweets they get..?
woah. What news?
says her judgement and priorities are different from the other candidates. She will accept no corporate PAC money.
Karen Handel Quote: “Just like a pro-abortion group to turn a cancer orgs decision into a political bomb to throw. Cry me a freaking river.”
#salty feeling when doesn't notice you.... did I say I was #salty?
forgive the lag time-- i went off the grid right after that awesome display-- hard not to get choked up at those call to arms
Interesting call in Game 7 with 2:26 remaining...
i just wanna see your dumbass and know that the only route in our future is forward. and destiny will take us there.
Putting my money on the designer; the editor is wavering and prefers the tight/loose line balance of paragraph.
it was clouded and the wind was blowing lol
im always grumpy..idk why though
IED's Motto "Simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication..." So for a well executed memoriable occasion, call today @ (617)682-0908
killa kurt wrote me n gt me feeling guilty n ashamed ... real nigga if u eva seen such (da mob)
And the second day of races are underway at the Texas Rowing Chanpionships!
Through music, a child's imagination can keep growing with the years. Give them a chance to keep their imagination with their love of music.
#smallfryarmy how was your day? Tweet me! Just got out of cheer practice, #Hyped for my cheer competition on Sunday (: xoxo
yes yes i was
fly up here, please
no its okay and ill tweet you when i get hom
Why do people add their twitter url as their website link on twitter? To top it off, that is the only information they provide.
did you close ? I bought the Boston Deal for Contrada's from you! They closed up shop! Are you both out of biz :(
The entrenched 1% will not go quietly into that good night without a fight. #NYPD will see to that. #OWS must
Thank you to all of our new followers! Feel free to follow all of us: , , , and :)
Thinking of a taking an anime/character voice workshop.
add a pic you big loser!
your welcome
Yo my face be looking HIT after practice! I'm so glad I get a ride home smh
We are playing in Villa Rica, Georgia at insomnia this Friday. We play at 7:30, come hang!
wow I wish I had a pool*
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve
To create brand awareness for your business, you find your market and spread your word!
Experiment w nature and #StPatricksDay w "The Bushmills” Whiskey Barrel Sunglasses and
#FF #FollowFriday RT : As an avid Joss Whedon fan, I spent most of the Avengers waiting for it to be abruptly cancelled.
Smart (and classy) move, IMO. He told Roy he better get his kids out.
The #politics of remembrance and pneumatic reparations possibly at play in #OJ #Simpson trial.
Ready To Blow DOWN!
I want you so bad even the way you lean excites me
I wonder how my boyz are doing I miss them 
looks great!
hey babe, can you hook it up with some movie tickets? :)
Got gifts from Ra & Trel to bus immediately...
well tell ha then!!
“: tests are supposed to challenge your knowledge of thesubject but they just make me want to drink rat poison instead" #mylife lol
love the pimp job the HRs man... Keep the "Get off me ball" swing hot!
Can we just stop this game at halftime? Nervous for the 2nd half.
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that takes place in/around a REFRIGERATOR.
how are you today?
More Champions League drama and PUPPIES IN THE QUAD. Those Delta Sig guys are earning mega points today. What a good afternoon.
likewise looking forward to sharing the #insanity fun. And outstanding job the events today exceeded expectations
Now you're just somebody that I used to know. Hahaha how relevant.
What are you lurking at
went to a concert, and my dad did a stupid April fool joke on and my friends
This was all going fine until I got stranded at UMass Amherst...when I need to be in Boston at 7:45...gosh darn it.
Send him down, send them all down.
R u talkin about Mikes shooting story??
Working hard to get Twitter to work on our blog. Fighting me though. Grrr.
": My name is Peyton, not Payton." Ha just noticed this! Cut that meat Peyton..
what ?! Can I tweet what's on my mind love lol
Headed to Jersey tonight! Who's gonna catch us on tour?!
Did u hear McDonald killed Burger King in front of Popeyes over that red head wendy? The funeral is at K.F.C u going? I'm taking the subway
this literally made my night.I want to #losecontrol.If you ever come to florida let me know I will pay for a meet and greet
Actually saved a recipe for them earlier today so need to grow some to make some. Hear they are great!
Just saw iron man. Scarlet is HOT. Micky is Just creepy, and Robert Jr was pretty funny. All in all a decent sequel.
I've have 10 energy drinks so I can't wait to see ;D <3
thank you sir!
Beautiful SPRING DAY today & nothing compliments a BEAUTIFUL day like some DELISH CURRY!!!
. Did someone say something about dead people? Campbell? Cosgrove? Are you trying to trick me?
I feel so naive. hee hee.
I'm looking so forward to Out of the Frame: Conserving El Greco’s “Trinitarian Friar” this Thursday. Can't wait!! :)
closing in on completing album design!
Happy Friday, all!
What goes in your coverletter? Whatever would be music to the ears on the other side . . .
RT : Dream. Vision. Imagine. Create. Expand. Laugh. Defy. Align. Leap. Release. Breathe. Open. Surrender. Love. Find your bliss.
Carbo loaded and ready for
Garnett is getting whatever he wants against the Heat.
Friday Night Lights, Entourage, The Shield...My 3 favorite TV series of all time...combining all my passions!
Worked out now ready to eat. So ill tell you guys where you can get a butt load of videos teaching you to make money
Ready for session "in search of what makes an ideal web font"
and *donate* MT : If you're discouraged by the recent Vatican crackdown on American nuns, engage
M, matzah crack. We call them Carolyn Crackers, after their creator, in our family. But now I'm excited for Passover!
bro I feel the fuck out this shit man. Got a nigga over gone rt. FWM We gone make it
Love those O. Henry Prize collections! and you're in it , right?
Just saw the new #Chrysler 300 commercial that takes it out to the streets of metro Detroit. They know how to capture it and they do it well
I miss goodtimes
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together."
Thank YOU!!
Phew busy day today - helping small biz owners #savemoney - PM for a FREE consultation on how I can help YOU!!
Volkswagen Beetle Envy Spurs Pursuit of 10 Million Via Up: Cars - BusinessWeek
Heart like a lion, mind like an ape
Liquor steals your mind
You're welcome. RT : the subbing for the is working nicely in a pinch.
nothing really just editing some stuff and listing 2 PAC
Two sold out shows in MKE tonight and ... congrats! MKE loves live music!!
I can't make any of the May shows, but I started following them so I can find out about future shows
Ok massive win. s2e01 of the killing was free on iTunes.
love the hash tag ;) so r u gonna use what I wrote? Its ok if it sux :(
u heard it
holy shit! Why?
Golden Waffle Fries and Chili here at Hawthorne #Burgerville!
Cover your virgin ears.
what u gonna do
“: how come you got a new account? :(” tiers of the old one .
Many people in this town, and I still feel lonely :'3
thanks for coming! that's great to hear :)
With polls showing Kadima losing big in an election, most members probably OK with any arrangement that just preserves their seats.
How do I have energy to get a tattoo right now?
what does lmy mean! Ha! I'll be back soon
Gaffield: engaged scholarship / scholarly engagement to make a better world
Huge difference in crowd's response to Sleigh Bells songs from Treats vs Reign of Terror. Former: woo. Latter: meh. Their loss!
pretty good I can't complain, wbu? College life get any better?
Oh yeah tomorrow is Friday!!
Fans of Christ sit on the sidelines . Want what he has but dont wanna live the lifestyle . Only call on him when you feel its right to
I think we're in good shape.
I think i could literally fall asleep standing in this line at the post office.
I'm supposed to be getting drunk tonight. fuckkkk now i really want sex.
It is me in a cheap Ironman mask when I was shopping with my nephew at Toys R' Us #notscary!
Hi i love your website ;0) great job!
A woman's appetite is twice that of a man's; her sexual desire, four times; her intelligence, eight times.
That you shouldn't prevent people from doing something when you don't hold up to that ideal? Yeah, it's pretty tough.
28 days, Wisconsin.
2 more days in counting till I get it in......
nice, bro your mom makes the bombest curry chicken!
Disenchantment, whether it is a minor disappointment or a major shock, is the signal that things are moving into transition in our lives.
Don't be afraid to ask questions it helps you gain knowledge and makes you stop wondering.
#swagg RT : This nigga said I don't sell weed I smoke it I sell crack o.O ughh please give boosie the death penalty
Good things to come. New Novel that will benefit the Environment and my animal activist brothers and sisters. FOLLOW ME. XXOO
5k tonight, send me good and speedy vibes tweeps!
I could also just as easy whip up a porn site. Never understood what held me back from that. Totally capable. Could even be really good.
RT : Got it! Thanks for the delivery today! You Guys Rock! << No. Thank you! Great job w/ the #SocialMedia!
My team just told me that old guys shouldnt tweet so much. I'm not that old.
How ya' like them apples? Always thought your boy was wicked smaht. Congratulations Andrew! Very well deserved.
I hate summer colds!
Obviously I'm assuming the person was wearing the pants before leaving them. Otherwise, that's just boring.
Wat I'm felling >>>
Paris Hilton is sexy? would we get a Matrix vision of our best self?
Somebody play draw something with me..
Talking to Jared about how bad my septum piercing is going to hurt...yippee! xD
thank you guys for following, Ill have some cool stuff for you both in the future!
Haha that's always fun! Hoorah for Spring Break :)
The quiet, early mornings with God... Priceless
Check out the Bliffert t-shirt design contest on our Facebook page.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! :D
Forgive & forget.
Not to oversimplify, but if they win next Wed night vs. the hated Jazz, they make it. Might have to put my 5-0 record on the line.
You are most welcome! If you are new to playing jazz, I would also recommend LOTS of listening. Who do you listen to now?
Amazing experience. Let us know what you think. RT : Going to tomorrow for their Follow the North Star program.
Faith fell short this time, smile fades in the summer. Place your hand in mine, I'll leave when I wanna.
I'm mom always!. Nothing special james wanted some hamburger helper. Green beans. New potatoes. Easy quick meal today.
Re: photos, yes, they are promotional photos, once released, I am sure they will make the rounds. Thanks for the interest.
With all due respect, your twitter icon is demonizing cacti.
I do not know you
After I take pre-cal, I'm definitley learning how to read in C++.
Hell, Maryland.
I don't like May because all my favorite shows end then. This time it's House's turn.
filling out the fafsa is way worse than it should be. UGH
in the works! Any specific spot??
RT : Happiness is just a hair flip away...
I want justin bieber to follow me =(
U left it on the floor tonight! Went hard! says they gonna check in. Connect Up! Y'all R the future. 1Luv Yung Folk!
Bro I got three days Left ) :
sometimes I want to give up, but my friends make me strong, I want to show my enemies that they never see me fall
I'm very dissatisfied about getting kicked out of Eastern Michigan University twice since Fall of 2001 (January 2002 & August 2004).
": My heart has been played, stabbed, cheated, burned, and broken... but somehow it shill works. I'm proud of my heart. ♥"
Finally... Like the drunk dude that was on who knows what said last night SAN DIEGO!!!!! ALAHLAHLAHLAHLAH!!! Classic lol
oh the desk piles await! I know that feeling . . .
Without struggle there is no progress
Seeing old couples makes you realize that someone can love you forever....
Mexico..woo -__-
you definitely should apply!
Looking forward to capturing some great photos and editing them to bring out tones.
That video was insanely awesome.Just purchased the album! You are giving me hope that there is still good music out there
like what u said bout leo's
Madison is pretty nice right now. :)
Bulls win!!!
How are you celebrating the holidays?
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Boyfriend is AMAZING Leonard Cohen
' I shouldn't ever be in same state as A. Huber Selig (aka aka 'BS'/'Bud'). I've got ZERO plausible deniability otherwise...
It 72 degrees in Feb and someone just said to me "it's gross outside. It's not winter" are you KIDDING?!
thank you!
Indeed: no mention of that appearance. Willie Joe would've never broken Marcia's nose. He would've taken a little off the ball.
I think whether it is wrong or right depends on each individuals point of view. A cop who is really stern could say that it is
"We must unlearn the constellations to see the stars." ~ Jack Gilbert
I'm just happy he hit SOMETHING.
Thanks Rick, enjoyed it. It was packed to capacity. Learned a lot!
hope you are having killer long weekend,keeping the music and hotness alive :)
CST Interpretation Manual summarizes style characteristics and applies CST to strengthening people performance
At #sdcc and already met a couple of classy PR ladies. Gave them a ride. This will be fun.
If I were a reporter I would stand in the wind and rain and tell people what's going on
Wish you were here
who is you ?
Is standing next to an oval office in progress. I love my job.
time to work. sessions about to start in the #platinumsuite at ,
That certainly did suck.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great week.
<---Dislikes being trapped in makeshift booby traps
Please tell me being an atheist in Hollywood isn't THAT big of deal.
Tonight - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music @ Lotus Nightclub!
When you envy others, you deny your own uniqueness.- Rick Warren
I remember when Selena was ugly. HAHAHAH me neither.
webcam on www.aaron.tv
12:03 freaking out please pick me
your welcome!<3 & Follow back?(:
Pëpper Social Lounge tonight :-)
from way youve told bout raising AwesomeDaughter,thought youd been practically perfect...but c`mon,she shoulda seen Raw by now
all i want to see is posh and becks and then I'm done. you with me?
I don't really care what people have to say about me
I've always wanted to build an igloo / fort out of snow ..
I've been getting a lot of pressure to marry lately. Why is it so important to everyone but me?
photos of tiny tots in protest signs GIVES credibility to Nate story about selling candy at 2 You don't get it both ways--
we're working as hard as we can to make that happen! i just added ya on facebook too :)
In music the passions enjoy themselves.
Do you plan on dropping a mix tape anytime soon?
That's More Like It by Selena Gomez should be an anthem for every girl.
It's got to be something real common in the 50's
Today was really weird and awkward lol
ahahaha you already know😉
Got homework this weekend - 103+ pages of database use cases to consider. Good thing I'm taking the train.
to stay home/run errands or to see 'The Soloist.' Decisions decisiones...
What a fuckin game. Rangers gutting it out. Oh hey fuck you obitchken you half a fag.
big sean dont talk about ass all the time , lbs
HES MY BABY BABY BABY OH
Facebook password protection assembly bill passes committee 10-0. Senate bill version passed 7-0 committee last week. covering
Give your service reps the authority to waive a fee or other on-the-spot solutions to retain a customer.
20011 will be a better year for subcontractors who use basic internet marketing as a tool to generate leads that turn into projects!
I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I turned the game off in the 9th. I have never done that before, wow. Shame on me, never again!
One word for the #SMASH season finale: amazing
no. that got changed to tuesday.
That sounds great! I'm out of town this wknd, but can I send my boss? DM me and we can email.
Bergson, "Time and Free Will: An essay on the immediate data of finding out that it's already like 3am"
go to hell.
glad to see you're alive...lol
Let me know when it's fully operational...
Viewing #BlendKit live stream from #slnsolsummit: resources targeted for those moving from f2f to #blended, no 1 size fits all
yes, I use blackberry. Soon changing to iphone :-)
Hooray for new twitter, boo for it being the only thing I've done since it's snowed.
I've bin voting like crazy today n still no follow back 
:-) oh no thank *you* for the It Gets Better thing and like all the other things, seriously.
Why is it when telemarketers call and you tell them you don't have time, they get nasty with you? Why is everyone so angry?
Don't know why isn't owned by more ESPN fantasy teams. Tears it up for me every time he starts! Plus he's a former Mission.:)
They don't think it be like it is, but it do. ~~Oscar Gamble, NY Yankees 1975
Lmfao my mom was tryna creep up and scare me and I was turned around and she was on her tippy toes and everything lolol
why they be on that. I swear Cheryl, my momma, be hitting me. I b like wtf lady
Twitter should not be available to high schoolers. Some of these short, ignorant, misspelled sentences I come across... Goodness gracious.
no i dont want to grow up and i am #teamvinny and
ha! thanks for listening!
I think I am addicted to the song #Memories by David Guetta
James Earl Jones, John Larroquette, Candice Bergen, Eric McCormack and the entire cast of Gore Vidal's The Best Man on Broadway. Go see it!
I can study only so much harder! Lol working, working as well!
Happy birthday and mother's day to my wonderful mother
Lots of amendments from people who have no intention of voting for this bill. Wonderful use of time.
• Damn. To be noticed for any reason at 12 years old. Do we really have to COMPLETELY LOSE OUR MINDS though?
Please follow me! It would make me so HAPPY! <3
congrats to you! Lol no worries, I'll make sure my future hubby wear socks constantly
I was not at all nervous the day I got married. I had no 2nd thoughts, no Bridezilla meltdown, no last minute panic in a parking lot. S.G.
| Thks 4 the follow! Excited to connect!
i hope u had fun today
I think if you shart, whilst on the toilet, it can then be referred to as a legit poop.
Damn it Jim >get into the know & get that new new mix cd.its a party in the damn changer! Past to present rockin
Lalala might go watch the hunger games tonight.
I will see you tonight for gaysian romance. Bring a party. Sneak in booze.
Book club next meeting this Thursday, Nov 18, 6 pm. We are reading "Them" by Joyce Carol Oates. Elizabeth Evans will lead this discussion.
Of course you have to face the cultural insensitivity of the term, but what can you call smiling emoji poop, other than 'inscrutable'?
Idk kno where I'm at..I'm outta there
the #profit comes AFTER you
Not much, you guys? :-) RT : Whatsup?
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
they're heeerrrreeeeee. Why aren't you?
Another Beautiful Day Hope yours was a rewarding adventure!
Wash your face with Green Tea as it contains natural ingredients that calm your skin and reduce redness.
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, March 6
Congratulations Ian! RT : ": Congrats to on his #GoldenQuills awards with John Shumway!" Thanks Bobby!
"Stop, I have weak ankles!" - Rob Kardashian
More than 44.5 million Americans on food stamps---nearly 61 percent more than four years ago! How's that for hope and change!
talk to she'll try really hard to make anyone smile even when shes not
I'm not sure about internet in the studio - but I sure hope so!
Love seeing on Scouted!!
Lithium atoms adhered to a graphene lattice that will produce electricity when bent, squeezed or twisted By depositing atoms on one side
To damn Early for this unneeded Drama. Bitch do something with your pathetic life please -.-
A alum! RT : Chemistry prof & medalist Sally Chapman has been mentor to countless Barnard students
I love
who wants to ship to my house on May 12th ? DM me.
Sippin this jack3d before my work out
Wait why does it look like many people left the new Houston Stadium at halftime? #LSP >>
Visit Laurelwood Public House and Brewery on Friday and help children. 15% of the days sales go to the Bald Faced Truth Foundation! RT me
Can't function when i'm not talking to you
Interesting. Are you willing the Bucks to play live like your simulation?
...to be (reasonably) maintaining value of game, not ensuring that players can play with cards (which may be a distant second)
welcome back!!
followed by a tithe offering for the pastor for his service. Ha.
You're welcome! And yes!!! #orangeandblack :]
I don't have enough time to bring my bag to the car and get to the bus before 3:30 now...
I have a buddy from camp who jumps with the 101st airborn.
On a conf call learning something new at work. Very complicated. I already had a headache. Now I'm getting a headache on top of my headache
go to www.yourmotivated.com and my myspace account , many things going on guys
you shoulda seen the can on this tykes mom!
Thank you new followers ! ,,,,,,
The largest coyote I have ever seen just ran out in front of my car. Wolf? Werewolf? Ned Flanders?
hey will u get me 2 more followers im almost at 100
c...be able to cut out the crowds' oohs and ahhs while still hearing club on ball, wind and birds
WFAA lied to me. It said younger than 17.):
Great fan base, Camden Yards, MASN, great tradition. A new owner will fix it some day!
I love you! Too bad you will NEVER see this. :(
I've run out of snark. Congrats on the smoove design.
I hope you guys know that I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for you:)
Don't Want To Move.
Blasphemy RT If Sideburns ends up with Best Friend, I think I can live with that.
im so serious !
Headed to the #SOSMadison rally.
I'm watching The Warren Haynes Band with special guest Dr. John at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
I'm sorry :( I'm going to the dodgers game tonight so I figured I'd see if you were still going
STOP only trending about harry that still make him feel like he did bad.
Ima just gonna sit here and play #mw3 like the boss I am :)
it's only 9 here, so I haven't been outside yet. It looks like t-shirt weather!
the mother server is awake. www.aaron.tv
Join us in wishing our front man Drew a Happy Birthday! And if you see him out on the town buy him a birthday drink!
RT: 49ers signed undrafted Stanford free agent WR Chris Owusu, who was off some teams' boards due to concerns with concussions.
come hug me .
make fun of me all you want! Ahahahahah
I miss people tweeting me all the time . these days , it seems like I'm alone . Awesome ... D:
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
but your fight the system Sam
ESPN needs to give Junior Seau's family privacy and stop filming them as they grieve outside of his home
Well I knew who is going to win this game... #GoCeltics!!!!!!!!!
dinner was delicious :)
Had fun last night #prom :)
At Sunset Station in Henderson, NV on Wed, a guy in the race book won the $238,000 Rainbow PK6 at Gulfstream Park. His ticket cost $72.
“: Thanks sweetie:)” your very welcome....
Getting ready for the weekend!! Wisconsin State Fair, Here we come!!!
This is still a scary prank!
Francesco Schettino, Captain of the recently Capsized Carnival cruise ship Costa Concordia, is ASININE, ASI-TEN, AS-ELEVEN, ASI-TWELVE!
I was watching Frasier reruns. I could probably learn more about current events by watching Frasier than cable news...
really glad you came out! we were quite happy at the end of the evening with how it all went.
Thank you, friend. Not the first time that's been said to me.
Thank you for all the great info on your webinar: build a better business listing. Very helpful!
old Dr. King lead national marches; our youth today can do the same; WE must give them the opportunity.
Just received best present ever from a student: a jar of authentic moonshine. Thanks, !
Happy birthday !
that is eerie especially because I do that almost every night.
It looked like Rick Perry was lending a hand @ 9 seconds in..cool video none the less.
Yes, it's long underwear kinda weather up here:) we look forward to having you !
Let that shit BURN!!
Jessie J is one of the greatest & best artist.
Plantation Key ColonyTonight ! on S. Coconut Palm Drive 3shows throughout the night. Starting @ 7 pm I11);-), Happy Halloween
What's a Twert? (And does this count?) :)
at home chillin how about u sweetheart?
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
actually I'm on a 10 day stretch! Thanks I need it:)
saw on your blog that you are taking suggestions on what to do with the 2000 championship banner maybe TU Archives? :)
": Who wants to go out tonight? I need a night out" whatcha feel like doing:-)
Treat to see clients we manufacture CDs for perform last night at One World Theater in Austin, The Little River Band.
Peeps - two more days to get Carrie's Cinnamon Swirl Cakes...get em while they are hot!
More Than the Score lecture- Virginia Wine: Past, Present & Future with Chad Zakaib, Jefferson Vineyards; wine tasting included, Nov. 13th!
Interesting question Do you agree? English: useful business language, should be encouraged rather than mandatory
People need to stop spreading rumors about ! She's NOT pregnant!
she is your alpha your delta ...your soror line sister .. you wish she lived closer.. she's your front and you miss her
Issue number NINETY-FREAKIN-SIX of drops today and it's a good one!
Totally busted my toes up in Aikido yesterday (about time, rly). I go to the foot doctor on Wed but until then it's a lot of hobbling about.
good I dont want anyone fighting.
“: Did they say Aaron was getting a massage from jennings? ...” the bucs coach was lol
Something in the residence just got thrown across the room.
Shaking the hand of might've been the greatest moment of this trip to the food court.
Haha totally man - me, after failing to understand someone for a third time
working in New York City this week. Finalizing details for 2010 Clothing Swap America Tour
Summer in Baltimore is winding down. Autumn is on the way. Winter is around the corner. and Spring?
Happy Cinco de Mayo twitter fans!
Just got a robocall about the republican primary. On my cellphone. I'm certainly not a registered republican. Wild.
I FINALLY have a boyfriend who can and will wear a bow tie. And he pulls it off perfectly.
"Lost and insecure, You found Me, You found Me.."
Waking the dog at 2:30 AM by putting sale flyers & menus under my door is the best way to get me to not buy your house, food, services.
I'm gonna try that!
I would buy it
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 to be entered to win a FREE PIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
I can't stand when people do that...
that's what I've been telling single women on twitter. Just smile and never talk ever to get a boyfriend
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.
"Night Shift" an often overlooked classic in the guy-saves-girl-from-prostitution film genre
Brett Favre #1 football diva.....lmao
Welcome big man. U were a terror in #B1G, so glad ur a terror in green & gold now RT : PACKER NATION!! No better place to be!!
Life is just grand when we submit to its process. Today, life is beautiful!
Such good Asian bloggy conversation at breakfast with Maybe we need an Asian women blogger conference?
So apperently if girls are taking birth control pills, if you were to completely stop taking the pills you can lose weight faster :o
All computer-assisted reporting, no matter how advanced you get, is based on the concept of columns and rows.
Thanks Cindy, love to see what you're doing!
One more contest for today - RT this for a chance to see Basshunter TONIGHT ! Always a party when he's here :)
Thanks to for a great presentation last night, to for sponsoring, and to for hosting last night's meeting!
Remove uninteresting guideposts.
Dear #whitesox, please pleasantly surprise me this summer. My hockey season has ended too soon :(
#FF It's no coincidence we all seem to know each other over the Internet.
Hi hun! I'm good. How about you?
just be cool who cares
If the 2Pac hologram (or any deceased artist) actually did go on your and came to Rochester.. would you buy tickets?
I hope you had a good trip home and get good news soon. Thanks for the tip on taking the train to the airport! Great seeing you!
I have a dick?
My Makeup artist AKA
Just booked a Documentery I have the number 1 movie on Amazon I Think My Face Book Friend Is Dead and it's only Feb. God is Good
Aw dang, look what you did. Haha just kidding.
I luv you guys to
Breaking News: named Global Spokesperson for Olympic 2012
Yeah, in speaking of that, I wound up working all night last night.
Tonight was my first time performing songs, that I wrote, for an audience and I got to do it in a place on Ventura Boulevard. God is good!
Follow Awesome music and great deejays. And
Sam Presti has done an amazing job putting OKC together.
Congratulations to all of the #UTDallas graduates today! We're proud of you.
Praying, praying, praying, praying...
Help please! How do you set the length of time for each slide in Google presentations? Can you?
Hit it outta the park, Chris
This could have been a good night, but you lied. "I am disappointed in you, you are better than that." Harsh?
My cat is dead: (((. He was hit by a car.
I love my job! :) Jobs, actually haha Hm, maybe you're actually stalking me?
Looking forward to It's cool to play Tetris on your phone during the movie right?
good I am just listeing to chris rene have u heard of him
Let me know how the show is.
Don't talk shit if your not gonna back it up
#imagine Austin: I'm sorry but I don't want you to be my girlfriend. You: Austin?! Austin: I want you to be my wife. ♥
Break for food, awh.
In the ER- Brett just broke his ankle pretty bad. Please send good thoughts and prayers - he really needs it : (
RT : Even though Newt Gingrich is out of the race, I think it's important to remember what a hateful asshole he is.
Its hard when someone special ignores you, but its even harder to pretend that you don't mind.
Owners! Each day you are bogged down in the day to day-you lose creative opportunities to change the course of your company.
: We are a new organization with a new goal and a great outcome waiting to happen please follow us
that game is postponed due to a blizzard. Eagles are pretty good though.
Either March 7th or May 7th... I get mixed up Dx
new business ideas
#yousayyougotswag but you have on a du rag and and holes in your socks.
Peets. In curry village!
Three days after getting a car wash, I need another one. Fuck you angry birds.
Who wants to come over for a slumber party?! We can play "who just got shot"!
When you walk into work, and the guy pushing the body to the morgue asks how you are, there is only one proper answer. "Could be worse."
Well i hope the boys of would follow me!!!!!
Don't you hate how everything is up for discussion
Don't u just love it when u have a coding dilemma for mos. only to discover the only thing that needed 2 be done is to do a search?
I wish I had a bullet big enough to fucking kill the sun.
With :) she makes me smile
Hey #nptech peeps: is releasing new survey research on #Haiti mobile donors tomorrow. It’s awesome and we can’t wait to share!
Just saw Jumping the Broom; what a great movie! Tyler Perry needs to take notes!!!
Had a great day today in San Jose leading a workshop for 170 dedicated migrant & special ed professionals. Kudos to all of them for grt work
Ever spend an hour just talking about porn? I have. Be jealous of my intellect.
have u tried charice?
By setting up your Craftlaunch site! (re: your DM) ;-)
How did Silverlight come into it?
Ahem RT See you at Metro Center tomorrow!
What do you love most about your mom?
Very little is needed to have a happy life!
OMG, OMG! I'm starting to believe my own publicity. Wait-it's over now. THANKS guys-you're awesome!
We just created a new photo
well you got my vote
You and me both!
i wanted to see Ed so bad, and the tickets weren’t even expensive :(
that's what I like to hear.
Gunfire is the cause for the most deaths of officers in line of duty.
this girl getting roasted up lmao...
just reading this is giving me anxiety lol
Happy B-Day Adele I hope you enjoy it!
We couldn't ask for a better representative. Congratulations !
Wow...I think Upshaw is a way better pass rusher than Hightower. Huge pick for #ravens. Suggs FINALLY has help
I just saw a smart car trying to parallel into a four foot space. People are always trying to push it aren't they?
SHit just keeps happening building a dream team over here, we shutting shit down!!!!!!!
"Seize the Day" "White Flag" = awesome traveling music
Welcome to Twitter. I'd say welcome back but you did 1 tweet in 09 so I don't know if that counts.
hot girl on girl make out session, heck yes (: #theblackswan for the win
Sure! I know how hard it is to track people down (with getting into fullblown stalker mode).
Shaana Way's scores for #Rising and #Knock are done. Thom Hickey and Everett Glovier's #Rising score will be mixed tonight! -JO
Old people clothes
Worst end of the day ever!!!!
Watching 4th grade volleyball!
My mom : who is this lil wing you listen too? LMFAO!
#100RT : I'm just out here trying to have fun and laugh because it's the best feeling...HAPPINESS 😘
Listening to Armonie cd its nice
Silver eh? Call me when they're blue. Oh! Bells!
Glad your prayer was answered! We're building this prayer app to share the power of prayer: www.birdofprayer.org
Hi! Can you please help me to get Justin Bieber to follow me it would be A dream come true, Thanks!!
Setting in class with developer @ #jdmw. He is crushing it! I had no idea it had these new features!!!
"What do you mean 'If I can?' Jesus asked. Anything is possible if a person believes."- Mark 9:23
I have a hot date at ikea tonight!
I wish I could date you! You're so cool! Seriously.
Criminal Minds marathon>>>
Imagine if it was Layla instead lol
A little late, but what'd ya think?? Thanks for coming out! :)
I would go shopping today... But the malls close early like we live in Amish country, so that ruins EVERYTHING.
Night Dolls. May your dreams become your reality :)
That poem Moses did in Orlando was everything & more >>>
There honestly just needs to be about 10 more hours in each day
Fill in the blank, “The one thing that makes someone a great #pr professional is____________.”
Haha! I think the chef keeps making gazpacho just to mess with
We are proud to be apart of today's Images and Perceptions of American Americans workshop in Dearborn today
Hi! Just getting back on twitter. Been running like crazy! Finishing my album. Teaching a ton. Traveling between two cities is no joke!
Thanks! After I get some wedding design stuff done, I'll be all over that!
Good morning!:D
You better believe I did. I gotta remind him who his true boo is.
I agreed to For Better Or Worse, not to miniatures being played in my basement.
“: Setting up for the best damn session at all of DrupalCamp. Room 211h! #dcnyc10” Awesome panelists!
thanks for following & for the important work that you do. All members of the community should be represented fairly!
I think he winked at me.
Today is when Unicorns should make their debut and on March 14th dragons will come to life.
Putting together grocery list for the beautiful chicken and green veggie recipes in this months ! Getting' my bake on!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #7: “Pride - Pride is committed by a speaker who believes that public speaking is about them.”
thanks to a wonderful parent for that!
I love the quote "I'm on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen" by none other than
you free for lunch?
I think so.
K I'll see if I can steal a car
Oops, wrong account
this is a perfectly logical method of choosing, I think.
RT : Join as he hosts a viewing of with the filmmakers Friday at 7p at
Me as well as the entire
Got one of those myself. I'm pretty sure I could dip my finger in hot water and produce a fine cup of coffee.
And there it goes
Stop listening to instruction, my son, and you will stray from the words of knowledge. Proverbs 19:27
lmao delete that
working hard but hardly working cause i LOVE my job! thank you to all our dancers and their parents for all their continuing support!
The weather has been pretty nice this weekend! Did you do anything outside?
is this the best time to put a dollar sign in parenthesis when talking about a recruit?
vodka, ginger beer, lime juice, moss garnish?
what didja get??
lol u fool she must still got u on dem weekends
Carl Lee Hailey says SET FREE 10% of the HUMANS Locked-Up Doing TIME for a CRIME. Help Turn 10% of the Humans Loose. Campaign
What do you mean "if" he wins? He won. 2 beat Obama, its going to take more than just holding your nose and voting for him
“: stfu dumb ass cunt, no one asked for your opinion nasty bitch.” yu have room to talk about someone beingnasty
Need to come up with an entry for the iSight film festival. Any ideas?
also sucks when you can't sleep and think there must be at least one muscle or body function that doesn't hurt but cant find it
I like it when the lead singer of three days grace goes high pitched c:
don't act like you aren't going to favorite the tweet as well..
Great title. I'm imagining an awesome cover.
New Twitter:D
OK, I ate the apple b4 breakfast, then had a breakfast burrito! At 35 weeks pregnant...my personal research may have to wait a few weeks:-(
": Hoosiers lose 79-71. Now they prep for the NCAAs." Bummer! But at least we'll be in the NCAA tourney this year.
I feel cheated. I went to Panera and didn't get any free cookie sample.
Happy Sunday everyone! Please join us at the West End Farmers Market today bring family & friends! More information here...
y? We need a worthy QB, do y'all know wut division we in? Do y'all see this record? Sheeeesh!!!
Community Issue 170 Insertion Deadline is today!
thanks! we got that double U!!
Expescialy when pulling up on you it goes like this first ( ae ) then then its back to ioweyou
i know the feeling...i played d2 for like 2-3 years.. lmao
2day is a beautiful day Brentwood 2 come & eat @ a food truck!We will b @ 210 Westwood Place fm 11-130.Hope to see you there.God bless u all
#7daysofsex is great Just make sure you experience it with someone that will be around in the Lon run
np! where u from?
thanks for the RT! We are super excited about the #DreamHouseRaffle!
Nath, ur account now looks like a fan account cuz of ur icon .____. Damn sexy photo though...
are u gonna start rapping?
Privacy fence going up #lowes or
well today was an extremely long day. im ready for sleep. cant wait to do this all over again tomorrow! WEEEHEEEW! no.
So pumped for the Survivor finale!!
I must admit, I've pushed the magnet at the bottom of the cup too....LOL
Let us drive! We will risk the roads to deliver you your favorite meal! www.wausautogo.com
my fiance ,he Jealous from you because I love u more than him !
Mom's Rock! Happy Mother's Day! ~ BC
Watching dancing with the stars and am not quite sure who about half these people are
+1 mt I <3 Teachers! 'Thank You' to all our teachers out there! Every day I see the faces & hear the voices of my teachers.
What's up, Raheem? We gonna see you in the line up in place of Freeney this week! Go get'em dude!
I'm having my first child next Fall stay tuned for pics..
Have your students write/calculate what they know - see what they come up with - "ED MEMORIES".
. By your definition of 'has-been" Christian/Edge/Undertaker/H/Del Rio/Punk are all over their 30s and not young. But ok :p
#mygraduationspeech fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, oh and fuck you.. GoodBye .. See Ya ! Im Out .
Thanks for reminding us! RT : I'm fully expecting analysis, fan hood and hilarity of for
Handling an ensemble cast in writing is a lot more difficult than it looks on TV. On a shows you can just have people standing around.
One sales lady managed to stalk our entire journey through Crate and Barrel. Made me feel very uneasy.
Where can I peep the music @?
I am singing a love song
There is so much wonderful art in the world, If you post it I'll read it and/or listen to it. Let me hear what you got to say
Worst. Night. EVER. :'(
check yo email bro
Hopefully! To Hyde Park. Staying in Chicago.
hahaha twitter just fucks up a lot :p
Had a dream about TWC soccer practice.
39 tweeted votes so far... keep voting and spreading the word! what is your fave charitable org.? top 4 org. w/ most votes gets a donation!
i'm wondering why you don't feel like supporting Miranda.. what did she do?
Getting my nails and feet done by the best!!
but shes only tweeted once.
Had a great shoot with Jim Mendrinos out on the piers. Will post clip when it's done.
Mike Smith is standing on his head.
thank you :) lol I need anything I can get.
because of digital technology, copyright is vulnerable - we need strong leadership in Congress to protect it
Traffic is a joke. A little police presence would be nice.
I'm not judging cuz I'm home all dressed and waiting for it to start. Watching my reruns right now! lol
truee maybe they'll make a new video diary video soon :o
“: I see u on ur twitter grind right now” yessir lol
sounds good! I'm eating right now. Nom nom nom. What's up with you?
I Love Bakersfield, But I Sware Sometimes It's A Dragg-.-
hey girl (:
Yeah she does kind of look like you :)
#Shoutout to for the great printing job they did for JenoLo Clothing tees #fashion Start of a new day...
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body
ty! Good morning! :)
thanks man
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
skipping work to be outside for 12 hours straight WITH allergies cuz #yolo. I love my #trackfam!! <3
have a great day!
Seeing the most loving, kind, generous, successful and all around baller person I know on Wednesday: ! So excited!
wen u gunna go down there?
You don't want a kidney stone do you? Go for the second!
Dropout rates for Blacks and Latinos in the Boston area region three times as high as those for whites and Asians.
i don't have much money, but boy if i did.
