thanks Roro.. Now may I call you by name Roro
DONT GET ON HERE TALKIN BOUT A NIGGA LIPS
#FF She gets a #FF a) because she threatened me, b) got me addicted to #revenge, c) she has super hot hipster thing going now
RT : my whole day revolves around kickball.
It's one of those days...but I'm getting a lot done. :)
“He that can have patience can have what he will."
Now Playing: Howlin' For You by The Black Keys
Trash can!
#FollowFriday Have a great Memorial Day WKND
I need to slow down on these cancer sticks.
Puppets (Royksopp remix) is the best thing on that endless DM remix 2 comp...by FAR.
i hate pencils.
Maybe joe can take us to the swapmeet up there?
Well done. I was just talking about this with my wife not 15 seconds ago.
2 in Criminal Justice, 2 in Psychology, 2 in Math, and 1 in Art
figure drawing tonight! 5-8 pm JSJ studio downtown.
Last week i was diagnosed with possible prostate cancer ; yesterday with possible lung cancer...i'll post the results. Maybe my sort of
the decemberists...justin townes earle was a brilliant emotional wreck
#Brewers #Badgers and #Packers all unstoppable this weekend....so are their hashtags.
Devastated about what happened in Arizona. Thinking about Gabby's smile and her contagious enthusiasm.
Hugo is gobblin up some oscars
She never realizes whats in her face </3
No doubt!!
Thanks for the RT!
Exciting things to come. New things to see and learn. Opportunities. Growing my own family. Change. Always change. Go with it. Enjoy it.
"They" pulled the plug on my working title "Officer Down." They want a little more Drake, a little less Ice-T. But I like Ice-T.
I hate math.
sounds like one of you needs to get laid. REAL BAD. ASAP.
My body aches, my hands are throbbing and I'm dead ass tired. Time to channel my inner Latrice Royale and get through work today.
Nice app!
general insanity as expected... Currently running on 12 hours of sleep from Wednesday night through today... But yay movies!
<cont.> & I'm like at long last since Inferno was a linewide crossover that acknowledge the other titles such as Power Pack etc
While discussing consent, my interviewee asked if pseudonymity meant he could pick out just fake name. God I love this idea.
Glad to see you yanked down those offensive Jemima-like commercials from YouTube.
YOU'LL FIGURE IT OUT FAST! RT Thanks! I don't even know how to use it! All I need is another addiction! Ugggghhhh! Lol
At to meet woo Hoo
I know this feeling well. As dumb as some are I never seem to let go. There is always a chance...
Toronto score twice in final 20 minutes, stun Timbers for draw.
Military Leads in Brain Injury Case, Specialists Say Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps medical specialists are working closely toget
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. But when you're single; nothing..
haha. Actually I'm pretty sure you spelled it right(: haha.
coupled with the magnitude of the match is brilliance, outside of KO return for TD. Also enjoy 2nd Qtr of 96 NFC Championship.
you posted a bunch of videos so I called it a play list
Thinkin about a certain someone...he's wat I want, he's wat a man should really be...
. Good Lord. OK, man, have it your way. I think I'm going to do something useful like take a nap.
•There are three sorts of lawyers - able, unable and lamentable Robert Smith Surtees
Yes! me neither.... so... what season are you on? ;)
shower with Dove men soap???? Lol. 
Good morning!!!! It's time to plan for the weekend!!!
that's rude
Mass. House to unveil health care payment bill
More copy edits of The Plum Tree today because they're due tomorrow!!
thanks g
We await your order!
Parker Drilling is cooperating w/DOJ & SEC with their investigation into possible FCPA violations, including ops in Kazakhstan & Nigeria.
If its got a fresh take. I'm still torn between the cameras. Love to read the tea leaves and know which one will get me more work ;-)
Watching viva la Bam:)........Gotta love <3
hope you guys have a great time!!
oh. i haven't watched it yet. i pictured something cute and beautiful and thought you were being sardonic
Daily Verses of God: April 27
Ugh earphones why must one of you stop working I don't want to hear the sound of these bitches next to me
Mitt Romney needs to get a life!!!..No originality and down right dull and full of bullshit. So is his staff and campaign personnal.
Health is a moment-by-moment choice. Today I chose to wake up & practice yoga, meditate, drink a green smoothie & work out! Feels amazing!
had to evacuate the apt as our place is in Zone A (mandatory). Spent the last 18 hours flood proofing.
patience my friend
Yes! Just heard their new single on the "mainstream" rock station. But I was joking about it being good.
Bitching session in progress on the next table. This is going to be funny.
well, if not it'll be because Stan Kasten knows better. Or because we've already relieved you of Cole Hamels
Brog-a-Palozza! : I know how awesome...#sobcon "roomful of Brogans"
Receive a bonus when a you book a party with us this fall!
Just got one of those heart attack momments when you touch your pockets and your phone is not there
Merry Christmas to all of our friends and followers. Thanks for supporting Harmony Travel in 2010.
Check out KHSAA STATE VOLLEYBALL ON iHigh.com
July 21-22. Inbox me your number.
lol too late!!
And socially, the friends you make are friends for life. It even informs how you choose friends back home.
tweeted:p
wants to meet while I'm in Dallas tomorrow!!
We're the 3 best friends that anybody could have
One swallow does not make a summer.
Aargh, how am I in a bank building all day and STILL forget to buy my rent money order??
Frank (engineer) is working on geothermal-like system using small compressors / AHUs + thermal mass of building, results TBD
Lol, they're all so special!
She don't understand how beautiful she is but she do got some flaw tho
Thanks for making my bad days better with your music...you rock :) <3
3 More days till the #MISSREDANDBLACKPAGEANT! hurry up and get your tickets. this is a show you dont wanna miss.
Hi im Damon and i luv your hair. Come bye and see me at Salon Ramsey Midtown 404.808.2385
lol i saw a full moon 2day after school and it remided me of twilight :)
Thx for the retweet, Chris! I like your title better than mine. :)
Congrats to everyone at YAT for a super succesful spring season SIGN UP FOR A SUMMER WORKSHOP OR FLL SESSION NOW www.yatkids.org 614-5057
Jeremi is spending some times writing this morning for a devotional book coming out this summer. It's gonna be great!
He looks more like a Rodney Fernando.
Warm up with a delicious Fresh Homemade Soup at Solo Pizza: Mushroom Beef Barley, Chicken Noodle or Broccoli Cheddar.
you are most definitely a founding father of Duplecio!
Can you call me please?
#WKU wins the Sun Belt conference!! I can't believe it!! So proud to be a Hilltopper alum!!
RT : Email this twitter post,, and win 2 tickets to Saturday's Director's Choice Mat! First 5 win!
Looking for a good place for a drink tonight with noelle and Preferably in #saintpaul? Rooftop? Anyone?
Big apologies for being unreachable by phone. Upgraded cell phones & I didnt configure google voice to new phone.
i had some pretty clever tweets too what the hell...
We agree! RT top picks: Valparaíso & Patagonia. RT "If I had to go to ONE place in Chile-where would it be?
ppl keep talking they can say what they like all I know everything going to be alright #NoOne can get in the way June 12th luv
Watching the game show designed for idiots Lingo!
what ever.....I will make you a Big Cat lover sooner them you think.
my wall, and that she's been listening nonstop:) I felt really happy:P
ahh you lucky girl!! have fun!!!! <333
Thanks for the mention!
viktor really ur too pretty to b tough
The sniper rifle in RF that Frenchy has is illegal in most states
It's good to have u here.
how am i stupid if i wanna talk to christian
Of course we both believe same things (I believe in getting $$$ out of pols and I'm sure u believe in addresing inequality)
Only 2!!! I promise
oh! I get it! But that's still good!!(; hahaha how old are you!?(;
whoops, see last tweet. Flipped your name.
Our picks for #BeatTheStreak are: D. Span (MIN), L. Scott (BAL), I. Davis (NYM), and Robinson Cano of the #Yankees! -Who did you pick today?
FOLLOW BACK DUDE YOURE AWESOME!
The Reggie Bar (named for Reggie Jackson) was a round version of the Baby Ruth bar.
Trapped in Steenbock for now, but heading to the meeting in a while. Some things are too good to miss.
RT : Had a great personal workout with Dawn North yesterday! I feel great, sore but great! Thanks! < #weloveyoutoo :-)
<3 singing and bout to find a studio to try to go to omarrow
oh no!! :O that sucks! Haha I'm missing part of my final tomorrow because of the AP test!
Welcoming new followers - Thanks everyone for the local #CLE support!
RT : do you have #foursquare ? You might want to check in with us because you could get some free food
I draw the line at goat.
Order sent to Stacey in NC!
Cowboys lost again
yes! Thanks!
is in deep thought...I mean like "Marianas Trench" deep.
Done. Thanks for the invite.
Its gonna be a rocking month. & shows in South Florida & I am going
you guys every coming to upstate NY? Awesome band. xxoo
yo dog eatin ass need to be listenin to Tokyo Drift
Now y'all OKC fans. I see
Thanks Doug!
my girls all day all night
Experience the Kentucky Effect
Really cool Chevy Sonic ad. Okay, Chevy impressed so far.
Man!! U talkin about the good old days homie!!
Might get my iPhone today ^_^
looking for food.. -.-
33 points...offensive line...can't...breathe...
If the world's first city had a name, we will never know it. So, I ask, when was that name spoken for the last time? Who said it?
lol yea I left b4 he came out lol :/
If I was physically able, I totally would.
Still up...
Think Quick Flashback: What's your Favorite Beatles Album?
Fox outbid ESPN for World Cup. It will be interesting to see which fox outlets get which games. Could this be the reemeegence of FSN?
Why can't I add a shared notebook to my acct from an iPad? Clicking the link in email gives unsupported on iPhone error. Pls fix?
- does the same hold for politics? In other words, is #opendata being sufficiently leveraged to empower voters?
It was great meeting you too! Looking forward to staying in touch.
Build a Home Sauna with Pre-Built Sauna Room Packages
make me
If I could sing like I would never stop.
Today is my idea of a perfect day:)
#3WordsForYou suck my vagina.
Awesome practice
Thanks! Nothing yet, but I'll keep my eyes posted:-)
so many ricers in port chester
My smile is super big....8~D just how I like it lol TING!
I love you like a love song. <3
Phil Lynn the Blank..... :p
Thanks Mike!
fuck my life
One week! I'm managing fine. Just huge. Yesterday someone asked me if it was twins today somebody asked if it was triplets...
oh yeah, i will be checkin out the #redhotchilipeppers this November!
No. I am still waiting for the abuse allegations and everything the defense said in opening
On Glee, when Puckerman and Beast were talking about failure and he started crying, I bawled my eyes out. Those are all the things ive felt.
there's no crying in baseball lol
A DOLLAR MAKES ME HOLLA HONEY BOO BOO!! *snaps in z formation*
Such a La Dispute mood~
Confucius Say...Man who go out with flat chested girl have right to feel low down.
without a doubt erik seidel deserves to be in there.. prob one of the best thinkers on the planet.. he has my vote
missing bags. From Denver to Albuquerque. What needs to be done?
. - Day 2 - It's a struggle, but I am staying strong
Can't say thank you enough to the guys and people who worked at this year. It was twice as big but twice as good!!! Great job!
My local grocery just played The Police & indie rock. (??!!) I feel like a boombox just crushed a banana clip.
shooting will be done beginning of July. Then comes post production! Let's definitely talk soon
what Riojas re you enjoying these days?
thank u for following me:)
I know I'm late with this, but heroku is an amazing thing
Get hyped, cause 6 o'clock not only means it's supper time, it's also time for #NBC15 News at 6.
Thank you for following us.
"The secret of your success, an awesome asst, nice! RT: : I can't survive without her. She runs GT Entertainment."
Well have some great articles from our own and over the next couple of days. Stay tuned!
I cannot express to you the panic I experienced when I followed UFC on fuel link. For a second I thought I missed the event
I read that in MJ's voice
Shrink down Federal Government and Increase the powers of state government!!
you continue to show great courage. You are making Wisconsin proud. We continue to Believe in You!!! See you June 5th!!!
they might make a run here.
huh ? i dont get it ... must be a joke in racist circles .. him and whoever raised him that way are going to hell.
this is the reason why I love u.
johnny eggs and joey beans?
This is Your Year! Your fans are
"Little is known about narcolepsy, except that it can be hilarious." That's literally what I heard the first time through.
Yay! Field trip to Cosmosphere today :D. I think I spelled it right...
I yield the field to :-) RT : Or take mine. showdown!
I love the sound you make when you shut the hell up.
Happy Wednesday everyone! Be sure to ask your Advisor how you can win FREE jewelry with the After Party Awards!
My husband leaves too early for work. If I have a bad dream and he isnt here it interupts my ability to sleep in.
been there for a few months. Doesn't help when your body hates you too! Hips have been super cranky.
did you ever hear a middle sch or older student say he can't wait to post on school social media site?
She just scratches on the door, I get no sleep :( First she tries to kill me, then she gives me insomnia. Oy.
Just saw the Rock of Ages movie trailer. I had to check the credits because I was sure the original writer had nothing to do with it...
"Thou shalt not pervert judgment of the stranger, or the fatherless."~Deuteronomy 24:17
speaking of ridiculous lines of argument, how about we compare medicine to software engineering!
Enjoyed appearing on this morning - thank you for having me!
i tried looking for your husband (iron man) but had no luck.
: right on Jen - was just talking about this with the coach
Make a 3!
RT TODAY kicks off 12 DAYS of savings! 50% off all incense, oils, burners & candles! Tomorrow:50% off body jewelry!
duly noted. I'll investigate the situation soon and tweet back. We'll get to the bottom of this in due time!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Butler GUM Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
12 hrs left until I leave for California!! =D SOO EXCITED to start the new chapter of my life!!
Don't like the hate group designation? Stop hatin'. (glottal stop)
jeez. guys freaking suck!
join the club
Damn I'm bored.
Damn, you were killing it. RT : This has been another episode of "Matt Tweets About Soccer." See you probably never again.
At #MillionaireMind intensive weekend! Friggin' awesome!
Sorry. I know, too much information.
Apartment shopping this afternoon.
Pizza time!
#startup founders should never get a manicure, think callouses instead - you will be pounding a lot of sand.
REALLY OMG YAyy! and yes im going to teaching the english lessons!
New tech method . . . "use a piece of butcher paper on the wall" - re-purposing to meet your needs :)
nigga I'm not drive deep for no bag muthafucka I'm in kent tho
R. Quinn doesn't seem to be panning out either. Jury out on Ayers, Moreno. This is what got Shanny fired.
is he POTUS or a prof fund raiser? Maybe he should put those funds to the debt he created for the US.
LaCrosse features electric motor
It is VERY important that you go to Patsy's for pizza before you leave NYC!!
okay, Im out cya later, guys :)
“: You brightened my bleak friday, sweetie. You rock, did I ever told you that?” :D that's sweet, thank you
we've been wondering that for weeks! We make up scenarios when ever we see him.
seaweed forever!
Going to Canadia. See you on Monday fancy magical internet in my pocket.
*put in a his word lol
#MontrealDraftHelp #MLS asks that you help balance the conference power by drafting only Western Conference players.
I thought I was the only one. PS, waiting on my wedding invite. ;)
no the basketball game! They just lost to UNLV
Nah, it's just my information addiction and nomophobia showing.
DeMorgan's law IS useful, basically: !(A && B) == (!A || !B). Helpful for decoding crazy expressions…
LMFAOOOOOO HE SAW IT
listening to ipod and she has the song dance myself a sleep. haha i love it #bert&ernie
i no
You have a twitter now !!!
#HeatLossBrewersCurrentlyLosingTweet RT : I'm watching the NHL playoffs tho
or test your manhood w/ your guy friends... which is what we were doing yesterday :)
For some #relationship is a journey filled with strife, while others find nothing but joy. We're here so you can find whichever applies to u
friend bailed on me for the Utah race :( #carproblems but I'm praying I can make Stockton this weekend!!!
I think we should've made the trade for A. Samuel. A 7th round pick? Yeah, he's worth that.
": Now every time I hear time to pretend, I think of and his drunken episode"sorry i get sentimental when im drunk!
I like your profile pic! Very hip with the stash!
More party goers
Our pleasure, Ken... post 2 will come up next week. Thanks again for sharing your insights with us. ^BM
It defies logic but today is Natl Candy Cane Day. Born in Germany 1670, they kept noisy choir kids quiet. Crooks made to resemble shepherd’s
Masturbation is natural and unless he's doing it 5 times a day you have nothing to worry about! Best, Rachel
it's 6:30, fine i'll take a shower.
I will gladly do that :)
Off to the #OpenAIRE launch. Looking forward to seeing other #openaccess supporters there.
its the most complicated thing ever just getting there... Literally every fucking door is locked!!!
yeah son!!!
Follow From Novice to more. Discover #Carmel from a bicycle seat on Thursday Evenings
so sweet :) I'm jealous!
Chronic condition MDs don't need more data; they need more knowledge. --WellDoc CMO
maybe. But you can work from anywhere :)
ELECTPAVARINI CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yard signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
Thanks for the mention !
Funny Line: I got so drunk last night I thought a tube of toothpaste was astronaut food.
Also are you dudes going to sauce yourself today or what?
HER EYES SEE EVERYTHING SHE WILL FIND YOU
Youtube.com tessiyah fuc your last girl exclusive video. answer back to jojo marvins room
yea last year
Thanks to all the new followers today. I hope my tweets don't bore you too much!
I second that!
ooh, hello job opening at the DIA. So nice to see you.
A heart Is like a battery,when Its new& hasnt been through anything is balanced.But sooner or later it has2 lean toward negative or Positive
Boo. Just realized I'm gonna miss on Sunday. Maybe I need to rethink my plans.
wishing it was Sunday. How about you?
GOP Sen Lugar & former Sen Danforth think GOP " have gone so far overboard that we are beyond redemption.” I agree. Tea party hates them FYI
your such a huge inspiration and I admire what you done with the music industry, follow back
I'm good wondering if we got anymore players 4 2012-2013 good to hear u r doing well!
Played Kid Icarus Uprising demo at #WonderCon. Very cool.
Forgiveness is a funny thing, it warms the hearts and cools the sting
Heading from California to Florida today for some worship services and a concert this weekend. Looking forward to seeing old friends too!
U.S. Marshals Service says Denny Hecker’s custody status has changed and for security reasons they will not comment on his whereabouts.
Is coming to Minnesota<3
Perhaps you should try eating some of that make-up you're so fond of wearing. See if it makes you pretty on the inside too.
You must have the STRENGTH to APPEAR a FAILURE before you can truly SUCCEED!!!
how's minecraft!
We miss you here too! Always balled hard in the playoffs!
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. - David Joseph Schwartz
March 28 @ Club Church And March 29th at East Meets West bookstore
may be hard to realize, the 15 yr old "person" is my gf. Your not. N she is mature N makes me happier. GN get your beauty sleep
For some reason, I don't wanna go to sleep. #can'tfallasleep.
omg did u see the cats?!
Hayes is bout as close as it comes these days
If "Jimmy cracks corn & you dont care" why write a song about it?
I wake up to the #falsealarms still ringing in my brain -- Let's get #falsealarms trending! RT
AMAZINGPHIL WAS ON MY BLOG BUT HE DIDNT FOLLOW ME ASDL;FASLKDJFASD BRB CRYING SRSLY
the other officer found its home
$0.80. Dont forget to take out taxes RT Another day another dollar just isn't enough.
Check out the Kiddies carnival pics from yesterday. Thank you to for the pics. www.facebook.com/visionzpromo
Celebrity Hair Only by the One and Only Eddie 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Take care out there!
A passport, as I’m sure you know, is a document that one shows to government officials can learn who you are, where you were born.
Just scored 2 Loveland lift tickets! I'm glad I can go up at least once this season!!!!
RT : RT : Perspective people... #wiunion did an incredible thing even if they don't get three
Did same, one Christmas gift for oldest son. Scary that we thinking same. :)
Going to try using basecamp as a family chore organizer. Oy!
Slob on my knob like corn on the cobb
You are truly fortunate!
Jimmy Flanagan of Austin GL Chamber also supports #Apple #atxgov, cites cutting edge of progressive employment factors
I loved Rhianas dress-WOW! Very sleek and mouth dropping. Did not care for Katty Perry dress-too Old Lady Like
what are u in the offices??
HM. WCF 2008 study: 78 % women charity donors believe contributing to charities has a bigger impact than to candidates.”
I'm shitty my mom took my Eric Jerome dickey book and never gave it back.. It was the extra nasty one too 😠
I'd rather be dead, with my face down in the dirt with the bullet in my head! Motley Crue
#acrldata putting data into a local context
Oh, so you're good at lying? haha
indeed; i hope you are doing great - thinking a lot about the hack & digi-citizenship this month; keep rockin' -
Nice to meet you and the Purdue communications students.
Psyched about class at #remaxR4 this morning!
thats what i like to hear.
#improvingenterprise Agile dot net Conference. Great discussion on developing the conversation with the business to improve projects
What means the world to you?
Congratulations to all the contest winners from last night. Make sure to tune into the main event tonight that is the All-Star Game....
not looking good brochacho
In college? Yikes!
"Dont hit me with the ball tickler" -
Here we go #GOPACKGO!!!!! #GREENANDYELLOW BABY!!!
Get rich. Or die tryin.
Would do *anything* not to have to go to work in 30 min...
There's no accounting for taste.
It's hot out, I hope people act like they got some sense...
Watching Hoosier bob for ice cubes in her water bowl >>>
Heaven help you if you don't have a name before leaving the hospital.
I'm sorry, are they STILL on that?!?!
Hm fouled up Mother's Day gift to mom. She said they're resending it and issuing me credit, but I have no confirm of latter.
Washington has written a letter to the members of his army in Boston criticizing their burning an effigy of the pope.
Just arrived at our new home! Budweiser celebration!
I feel like this....Why not get the shit of it's material!!
Er ... That should say *wouldn't*
yeah Thats so true.
Berkeley is putting together a promotional video and we would like to use your tweet. Would that be ok?
this shit sound kinda sorta like blah blah blah blah! wish ms. Mitchell stfu up !
so he is gay?!?! He was my favorite, I thought he would win :(
I just made a new coupon just for you Sarah! Enter TWITTERSL at checkout to get 25% off!
I would like to see a shut down performance from 'ace' John Lester, especially against 'soft' teams like KC, this season. Need it!
first intramural football game of the year ends in a great victory! Way to go #CCTeam!
“: Thoughts on finale so far? #FashionStar” my favorite fashion show positive & u can buy the styles..if u find the right size!
haha yankees R winners & they Rock Just Like U!!! Happy huh? Lol
Eh, has his moments.
Good first 10 minutes by the
I've received about 5 anonymous calls wishing me a happy fathersday... #howdtheygetmynumber??
Nope! Found a store online that was non-eBay. And under $10.
UPDATE: The studio line is 1-877-301-8970! Call in now.
mind following my new account bro?
thanks buddy, 0 for at the plate though, need some work
that definitely wasn't a hate tweet. I've been listening to your shit for years.
Serbia's capital Belgrade is about midway in the Danube flow, at point where Danube meets Sava River.
Thanks guys!!
March madness! St Patty's Day! It'll be a good month!
and the TRANNYS come out at midnight!
thats only fair :)
So you think Forrest is going to win against Anderson? I'd LOVE to see him win, but I don't see it.
“ Thanks for the kind words buddy. The OKC Thunder are blessed to have you. I hope you are great. game on Nutrition!
whhy is it so cold outside?
Why was today so stressful?
most assuredly
RT : Ended up having to postpone the game until Monday night.
Indigo Residents- Wildwood is hosting a complimentary evening of appetizers and wine tasting at 7pm in the Sapphire room. Please Join Us!
Wasn't the Chamber doing its own study of #Fishers city status? What is the status of that study?
haha, lol so true for you
Gym Class Heroes performing at the Regency Ballroom tomorrow at 7:30pm
FOR SALE! To be reduced $10k! 3 BD / 2 BA Ranch #Foreclosure with an open floor plan on a cul-de-sac lot! MOVE IN READY! - bit.ly/L6377SVL
Got the #oldest #angryist pens fan behind us.
There are ways of "playing" to the camera, but it depends on the shooting style/director. Rule of thumb: just tell the truth.
i have #school tomarro :( :(
*gets serious* "you wanna know what I want right now? ..... Some curly fries."
try stores on the strip like in the mall
shark tank.
RT : RT : ": Endless Music what's haninn??"turn up
Thank you so much, Juli!
HathiTrust partner fees are calculated by how many rare/scarce volumes a library brings to the partnership.
Getting caught playing with your junk by your wife or girlfriend
hey boo
Don't forget that the flavors of wine and cheese depend upon the types of infecting microorganisms :\
we're glad you like it! :)
The eyes are the groin of the head.
Gorgeous weather in Huntsville, Alabama for the 1st day of National Symposium on Child Abuse. Maybe I'll offer to run my session outside.
I just use google maps- it doesn't talk to you or anything though... i just read all the steps before hand
Let me just say that I am moving into three dimensions!
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This DONNIE DARKO actor stars as a police officer in the upcoming film, END OF WATCH
Standing in front of a hot sink full of dishes, washing one utensil @ a time.....Um,
#rememberwhen I bartended yesterday, bc if you do can you please fill me in on how awesome I was at it
Thanks for the RT!
Can somebody please explain to me why Pitbull is famous?Does he do anything other than say weird shit in songs? Seriously.
Brian McNitt is officially THE man.
Is it wrong to use a Thomas Jefferson bookmark in a biography of Alexander Hamilton?
yess! im dying of laughter!!! :D HAHAHAHAH!! AUSTIN! please dont stop, i like getting tickled.
To prevent tech pressure, I'm making contribution to the class Diigo one way to earn participation credit
First practice was #awesome #beatcville now to the hospital with to see my new baby cousin!!
I was a chef for 7 years what's your question?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Pats get on the board but I guarantee you Brady is not happy..Neither am I..
Fantastic night at the VIP dinner for #afta11. What passionate, beautiful, committed people. This is what I love most about the art world.
last class of the semester! last econ class ever!
My grandpa has two purple hearts.
HAHAHA. I saw a video when fans saw the boys in sweden & Niall had a hangover so girls sang "IVE GOT A HANGOVER WOAAAH" (x
#Allsmiles at my haters
HAHA, <3 I am happy to hold your 2,000,000 billion bus of Ghiradelli Sea Salt Soiree until the time when your contact may be present
Looks like #kdp for checking sales is down. Ohnoes!
For the ones who ARE in rap because of the PASSION, stop being afraid 2B YOURSELVES. Look around. We NEED something innovative, not copies.
Man! I want one of these Ferrari so bad! They look so cool and are very fast!
Don't let em' say you ain't beautiful. 😊
wish we could have been there but the east coast always has the boyz lol
In order to keep pressing on and have victory in our lives, we are going to have to learn to shake off the troubles that come our way.
Also not buying that the members of Motley Crue drive KIAs
im from california(: hbu?
Is the muse getting excited?? ♥ Aoede ♪♫
Same to u love ": Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!! "
She will be fine :)
Clippers Starting to ball
wish we did! Already gave them all away.
unless ye need be reminded about the O's record in previous flavor-saver-less seasons.
it looks like it like thee exact picture
I smoke. Don't judge me!
You are quite welcome. Knowledge is definately power.
I need a new phone! what should i get? hm
Well im getting offline see ya later bbl i will be on in a little while
ha I did. Totally didnt think thwy would taint ezra...
Nothing screams environmentalist than driving a Prius, treehugger bumper stickers.. then tossing your cigarette butt out the window.
So a friend of my family's asked if I knew a Max etc cause she's friends with your mom lol. Small world.
Sprinkling over here west side #ABQ, 7BarLoop.
My kitchen design is so jacked up. Ugh.
Thanks so much for coming in this afternoon-- how did everything go with your visit?
take a shower get out nd go to sleep in a towel. Sounds good actually. Haha
": Caroline "Bozo" Manzo calling Teresa a bully. Pot meet kettle.
Tell me how you wanna get it? I know your favorite is the kitchen.
what is a frickle?
And yet he's dating a Kardashian? RT : #I'm on my snob
Going to Humbolt after this audition I'm at, sorry girl. Thanks for the invite
my head is spinning. #fml right now.
I'm so excited about the new season of Storm Chasers!!!!! I look forward to it each year!!!!!! :)
Beats any day in the gym! RT : volleyball kicked my ass today. in so many ways. there is still sand coming out of my eyes
Are your "Trends" Atlanta trends? What city are yours under? :P
#OWS Fact: More have now been arrested for protesting financial crimes than # of bankers arrested for committing those crimes.
on his way to copy out some of the encyclopedia, no doubt.
What's the score
I won't lie and say it didn't hurt some but being with Derek has helped alot
Claude, she was my woman first!...well really Briere's til we took her away from him
Headed to #WhatsNextDC tomorrow
Cool-instead of Dinowalrus or in addition? Is yr FB info page the best place for us to check yr schedule, btw? (Dw is on there)
forgiveness is between them and god my job is to arrange the meeting
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
haha, no my ability to sing that night died though. I gots the coughs.
i followed c: <3
It depends on the state. Each state has their own requirements. Not all teacher librarians have classroom experience.
lmao oh my gosh I wanna see it!!
Congrats Los Angeles Rapists, but damn, what took you so long? We've already won game 1.
Now following love their tweets so amazing if u have a twitter u need to follow them
RT No I'm not “ you a player” yes u are I agree playa playa
haha im guessing that means u like it lol
Walking home....(:
tomorrow i guess i need to do laundry and some what put clothes away so after work i can c him =]
Hello, I'm Whitney. I just wanted to introduce myself. And say I followed b/c I respect & applaud your mission. Thank You!
kill calmly.
It's all about relationships
Fear ain’t in the heart of me, I learned just do it, you get courage from your fears right after you go through it.
actually three more coming this week. Any specific inclusions you want to see?
If this baby cries the whole flight I'm going to punch it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. ~Herm Albright
Lookin' sharp buddy!
ew drugs. I want soda
we're duplicating using recycled materials now. ask for it next time you call...
#youknowyourboredwhen everything seems like it takes forever to do. Send a text and it feels like 10 hours before you get a response!
Sick in bed watchin movies.
Had a great talk today with author of Sideways. Excited to be working together! Give him a follow... especially if U R a writer!
if friday was a guy, i'd marry him
Hahaa... I can totally understand :) Of course you love her to death, but taking care of any baby full time is a hard work!
uh we better be on for tomorrow son! Dm me the plan!
So true MT : A1: Students exposure to cloud will only make them better equipped to be stellar IT professionals
Woohoo New Orleans!!
For all intents and purposes, you cannot get a mortgage for a house that doesn't have a finished floor.
If u went through the trouble of getting gastric bypass surgery then why would you eat fastfood everyday for lunch? This guy blows my mind.
Too bad, you are missing out on lots of East Coast chaos, panic and mayhem.
www.yatkids.org YAT has been staying away from the fake since 1976
its fine love :')♥
nursing the wasband. Dumb ho broke two toes and can't be left alone on the meds he was given.
Cena filed for devorice I support him
Dat irritates me to da max .... -__- I'm done
thanks so much for the kind support. We really love seeing all kinds of families
Ur song 'in my veins' was/is perfect for
GOOD MORNING CHICAGO! Happy "hump" day... Good job Pastor Pfleger at Empowerment Temple with Jamal Bryant!
story of my life
IL is da bomb, gotta love Monterey, such a peaceful setting for a conference!
!!! “ A boss bitch avoids drama not because she can't handle it, but simply because she don't have time for it.”
Not #InSchool because I have a doctors appt. (:
Green Design Tip: Use a carpet that is made out of recycled plastic. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Add and subscribe to me on YouTube(: My name is :funkysydnerr98
Gasol eating Blake Griffin.
Just watched do a tribute to Amy on a foreign award show's live stream. Pretty sure it's German. Sorry. But it was AMAZING.
Mix 27 in Newark is now on our restaurant list! We are so excited about the food being offered at this year's Arts & Eats for Justice Gala!
"Wish you were here. Wish I was there. Wish it was different. Wish wishes came true."
Well I hope Calvin Johnson's enjoyed having a functioning ACL...
Today I did a total of 30 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 1, Day 1, Level 2)
The only hunger games i like are hungry hungry hippos
Texans take a look at Ryan longwell, veteran competition
so cool! I almost got one Sunday... But I can't because of my job.
He's a junkie 4 wonky lectures RT I spy at fascinating lecture on possibilities 4 clean energy future 4 America
when you look for the best in others, you bring out the best in yourself.
Almonds! What about you? RT : #SAchat Random Question: What do you keep in your snack drawer in your office?
okay its here!
I've heard great things about Boise as well :) have a great night!
Lots of left over Taco Soup! 's recipe
Everyday is a day ON! Preperation and planning is key to making a diet successful:
im bout to take a #shower so i can be
Football & potty training al day
Saw an old lady today walking like a walker.
power caps & NO2. I'll email you.
#BestPerformanceEver usually happens at the church.
Its fine lol
Have a competition with the workers next door to the office, cranking the music while they hammer and drill. Lets see who yields first.
love you
doing homework:/
Aw, thank you. Hopefully the stressy bit will be ending soonish. :D
yeah...he seems like a good guy. He did get a little redemption when he returned and cut 22 strokes...25 years later ;)
Don't you sometimes wish you could be that kid from the pictures again? Not a care in the world...
superit was strange
killed it tonight! I REALLY hope they come back again this summer!
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU I fell in love with FAMU.
Tripping my daughter is trying to open a bottle of Flintstone vitamins, saying "treat treat,open treat" smh..her father thinks she is a dog
we haven't started practicing yet
I think we won but our principals said no.
Good morning loves:-)
what you doing
RT #MCDM, let's make #mcdmgrad a trending topic today! There's always a backchannel!
just saw your #quadstories post! My Fiancé is in HR -I cannot wait to share
RT : Karma's only a bitch if you are.....
Hot humid Sunday People locked inside cool rooms Crows rule earth & sky
Im the happiest person in the world right now cause followed me(;
well I mean at least it's just toast
my TL is a mess atm...
Bears drafted another white safety. Just saying.
RT No wise woman or man will drop or forget someone or something of value. That would be an act of a fool. I'm not 1.
so weird/awkward.... RT Newt DJ "Make some noises out there let me hear you."
why r non news employees bound by policy? this is interestting stuff.
“: Leonsis also says in blog that changing name from Wizards back to Bullets is "under consideration."” THANK YOU!!
Got to watch Regis and Kelly this morning!
Fulbright workshop on Digital Archives and #libraries for #NorthAfrica is under way in Washington DC today and 2morrow, meet us there!
hey ricky hopefully you've having a better day than me <3
Getting an early start, eh ;) leine's beer hall #BmoreDrinkUp after tweet up?
Creepiest spammer ever.
*cuddles Mercedes and Jordan*
dinner is here .
Glad to hear that. You sounded undecided when you first moved here from Wisconsin.
Pro Tip: You can link to a post on FB, Twitter, & Google+ by clicking on the post timestamp (eg "posted 2 minutes ago") & then copy the URL
same plane. Row 14. Come by for a visit.
I SEE YOU GUYS
Man u better make dat money & dnt let it make u lol
": I FIXED OUR WEBSITE!!! BLOW JOBS FOR ALL!!!" I hope I'm not late!
glad you like it! Such cute rings and I like the idea of having a customized compliment in the box. I'm a little bias :-)
i'm here for you (:
hahaha you're stupid blood
Im lost without ya
How tha fuxk me and my dude get smoked under tha table by a bunch of kids, lol, not so #JetLife... my lil brother goes hard. Fool.
your welcome ;) toes love people
I love you, cardinal, but it's 5 frickin' AM, and you are too bloody loud.
What do you get if you cross a ghost and a newsreader ?A spooksman !
We just recorded a segment intro, that you have to here.
Do not use cherry coke.
My Super Sweet 16! :) Love that show :D
RT NASA astronaut Mike Massimino made the 1st evr tweet from space , saying "the adventure of a lifetime has begun."
Leaving last class 15 minutes early for #4c12 and son home sick with double ear infections, there's
what's good?
im always wondering what she doing,i aint get to hang wit her today but i kicked it wit my niggahs
I feel like when she moves time doesn't
More And More People Are Deciding That Private School Isn't Worth It via
no that would be fine, but why not start with 1?
I'm having a day filled with computer errors. :( I'm watching the IT Dept try and figure out what's wrong with my computer.
It's going to be an amazing time! I'd love to meet you there.
It's moves like that make me bothered by Santino Marella. Please remove him from this match and let the wrestlers wrestle.
Doing great! One half marathon down; another on the books and a new PR to boot.
we perform at like 1:58 but they ran like a half hour early today ..
Back in the Leaf Village, but I wil go back to the Sand Village soon. So tired :/
Sorry Mr. Tall. . You SHALL be missing me this morning !
Oh I thought that was cameron.
u are amazing!!! U jus ripped center stage! I love ur music & I love u!
Lol I'm A Be Like Aye Roc Your Booty Thicker Than A Snicker
I need a drink
#MF -- MF Global = dead in the water
Happy anniversary! Love the current lineup
Aaron Berry makes a great substitute.
much better! I'll never leave home again without my motivational book, meditation cd, and running shoes! I was messed up!
that the chance to meet him is like impossible! but we never gave up, +
thank you so much!
Tuesday :30 am I will be a guest on the Larry Young Morning Show WOLB 1010 on your dial. ck it out!
No day is over if it makes a memory! c:
steroids:Depression and suicide,Addiction potential,cholesterol level changes, liver damage, roid rage, stunted bone growth
I was watching live feed earlier, haven't checked recently but will
Its going to be a long day
RT : staying strong to drum strong! love it! ": Morning workout pullups, chinups, and pushups....POOF!!!!
I'm sleeping with the fair maidens of white run... Skyrim :)
Mall food court dinner.
is so excited! Theres only one more sleep til I'm awake again. Can't wait.
You gotta believe, VOLS! Despite a rough start, we're still alive & in this game. GO BIG ORANGE!
I LOVE for finding me a ticket to tomorrows bball game!!
Think it's about that time of year to purge a few things
#Fox & direct TV... stop being greedy...play nice...I'm not a fan of #GREED..I really thought they would work it out at zero hour..:-(
Looking forward to our dinner at tonight!
": Remember... I'll be right here when you need me, in fact... I'll even be right here when you don't."
i do what I want
Sry for some reason I thought I had a message saying to call you lol im half asleep but I hoep you have fun at your party! Message me wh ...
After reading 's tweets this a.m. I feel I know 1% how the Jews felt during their persecution in Nazi Germany.
What kinnda of friend are you if you ignore me?
what happened?
we so live in 21 centruy, were seating infront of each other and talking to each other through Twiiter lol
Lol I think I can!
Was it something I tweeted? My pornspambot followers quotient has taken a serious uptick lately.
Yngwie Malmsteen: "My performance rider asks for 30 Marshal heads & cabs...I played in Israel and I depleted the country of Marshals" Insane
Jake, thanks for being a Razorback. I'll never forget the sack you had against Georgia in 2010. Good Luck in the NFL.
All that I know I learned after I was thirty
omg it's so annoying I'm like just staring at the ceiling wide awake lol
Looks like a winner. My husband is already drooling on the menu and is excited about birch beer being on tap...
FOCUS: ON FILM: MOVIES JUST CAN'T BE "OK" ANYMORE
thanks for the welcome! I look forward to seeing you in PA!
Making all of us over 40 proud!
This is why civil rights should never be put to a vote. Look at history, folks. That's not how women and African Americans got the vote.
The kingdom of God is within you. ~Luke 17:21
98% of Facebook is women telling each other how great they look.
I want to fly to NY just to leave a flaming bag of dog poop on you know who's doorstep
How To Sell Almost Anything - Forbes
MLK Choir sings tonight at 6pm at Bethel Baptist Church (1962 Euclid Avenue). Join us!
Reading "The Element" and relating! Must read for parents.
WE NEED THAT COVER!!!!!!
Once again, I have to take a day off soon or start losing vacation time. The horror of ample leave allowance...
oh - u said #FF so i said i have followed u :)
Working on swag bags for launch party!! Getting excited:)
- Yeah, thought you would like those. Wish my tall, uncoordinated ass could skate.
I love the haters gonna hate thing, when I heard that I was like 😃😃. I also know he loves hats!
Zip out to Atlas Performing Arts Center for Pasties&Popcorn this weekend. First 5 Zipsters to stop by our office get 2 free tics.
Goin to get stitches out!
m hell yeah
This red light near my house is insane.
Thanks for the FFs. Hope things are going well for you.
- how was the Mas de Gourgonnier and the Cuilleron Syrah? love both of those producers.
im at work, you can come by or wait til i get off tonight
what yu say my name for
Well well well the lakers getting blew out the arena and okc shooting the lights out tht m'f can't wait for game 2 okc we coming for tht ass
Has anyone taken a 1-week intensive 3 credit grad course before? Worth it? Will it kill me? Topic: History of DC + Monuments.
Girl Who You Tellin , What School you go to ?
Needed to re-post, since I used the incorrect "offence"...D'oh!
Its a lazy rainy day here in Las Vegas. =))
I know why Superman left Krypton. Earth was the only place he could get steroids!
Cozy up & enjoy the holiday rain in SD this wknd! Help my friends at The Grandparents Connection www.grandparentsconnection.org! Thanks!
proving how many fans you have. #IfISuckUpEnoughHeHasToLikeMeAgain Oh god take me back! PS if thats true thats efin impressive
That little dance your thumbs do when you aren't sure how to reply to a text..
Had a blast working with Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost! Paranormal Activity 3! October 21st!
thanks! I'll hit ya up!
This day is beautiful! Celebrating 26 years and it feels oh so good!
Working hard to memorize dialogue
Sweet! was giving them out yesterday! RT I did! Is there anyway I could buy a movie poster?
Our Pleasure!! Have a wonderful Weekend..
we'll be there!
Thanks for the mention.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow Im A Straight Foward Person And I Don't Take Shit From Anybody.
I like the stuff at BoConcept and from Fabulous and Baroque out of Austin. We cam go shopping when you make it over here.
I did have Bigger expectations that 10th man on a depleted front court though back in 2002!
No girl can freak me im just too nasty!-Ghostface Killa
#OneThingAboutMe i'm addicted to the song every little thing from :)
You're terrific to play WWF with and I'm loving every moment of it...well, except the part where you win. :-D
Earthquake in Oakland! Just felt a shake...
Not all that glitters is gold.
he even watched the #ps22 chorus after I told them they were from SI.
Hey Brandon, I am back. How have you been? Most importantly, how was your christmas?
We have 4 new #cre employees in Tulsa for training this week! Representing San Fran, Phoenix & Atlanta offices!
What are you doing tonight? Come see #serials @ 11pm!! Awesome new plays, Good times for all & a free beer with ticket!!!
I'm a biggest and baddest #bitch in the whole world
I agree it has been to long
Thank you Kobe for saving on Ron's Mistake.
Me fuxing with this bike and my good bad knee earlier tonight was not the move.
Surprise I didnt see you at Joe's when I just drove by
good to be back on the east side. echo park is home now.
it's all good, just a hate
u r 2 sweet! No foundation. Mac Studio Fix. But
RT : I predict in 20 years The Beach Boys will be touring as a bunch of 29 year olds and Kraftwerk will all be robots.
I would like to be anywhere but here
promises a lot of crowd participation when Sleeping With Sirens headlines the Hard Rock Cafe stage at 5:30pm
Omgg, thats my favorite song! Bahah, your soo pretty and your voice is amazing. I will def pass this around<3 Amazing Job.
Real Estate at Black Cat! Let's see what they're all about...
I know I'm late to the convo, but when do the sex jokes start?
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER
She wanna believe dat ima dog..but I'm not...she wanna believe dat idont care about her...but I do..
<-happy birthday!
Stan, don't you know the first law of physics? Anything that's fun costs at least eight dollars...
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN ALBUQUERQUE HAS ISSUED A TORNADO WARNING FOR CENTRAL SOCORRO COUNTY UNTIL 3:00 PM.
I agree. She re-shaped her image. Good for her!
you're far to kind! A real genius like Val Kilmer would have just added popcorn and lasers, and POOF! Problem solved.
Thinking about school ending so soon gives me anxiety
Oh crap! She's doomed!
Go #Vikings boo
hey i hardly ever check twitter. Just saw your message. good seeing you. look me up on Facebook.
RT : New post: "My Version of Trendswatch 2012: The Archives Edition" what trends will affect archives the most?...
Watched #Revenge tonight with the in-laws...their remark was that the drama was so good it was like a soap opera!
#UCDA Chris gave a great keynote, gets you thinking about how you use soc med
White Collar plus Richard Schiff = BRILLIANCE
Taking delight in the greatness over there. The atmosphere is lovely.
Haters say "Fuck Austin". Ahh bro,I'm trying it every day...
anytime! RT : Thanks
Does Your Artist Have A Twitter?
OWINGS MILLS, Md. (AP) -- Baltimore Ravens running back Ricky Williams says he's retiring from football.
for work I take it
are you blogging your vegan week? Intrigued
Does #bashh have a VIP line? :)
I have a feeling that some serious creativity will be unleashed on
6 months ago
Need contract "writers" for Ethics case studies for MIL. Contact immediately at MIL background would be nice.
Cinco De Mayo and Derby Days....wow, what a weekend it will be. Join us saturday for $1 House Margs and our special Taco Pizza.
Lots of great deals going around for #BSHM! Be sure to check out too, on sale soon
Is that tonight?
Bravo is trying to find a new Housewives franchise... Real Housewives of Abusive Husbands....Stacy is an obvious choice!
Its going down @ 44 lounge 25 & up dimino & spades tourn byob food live Dj right now until come out and party E MountHouston and Homestead
hahaha. Yeah boy!
Playing the Tropico 4 demo... game comes on.. music starts.. and I suddenly want to dance!? Oh lawd!
your 950 @ Herndon-Monroe is 12 mins late already. Tired or waiting in this cold day. Get it right!
yep, here we go...lol
My one true weakness.... Fresh French Bread w/cheese. I'm so sorry hips.
Thx, U2! RT Happy Travel Tuesday!
QoTD: "Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame." (Erica Jong)
O ok,so u do music?
if you do tell everyone a couple Gay life exists from you
I think the easiest way to study my #airport codes is to watch the ticker on & sports & shout them out as teams come up.
Need more elaboration on Q2
It's time to face my fears and clean my apartment.
The reason gators are ornery is because of their Medulla
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
I stare lovingly. Is it like you don't even know who I am?
With last words, Hancock repeatedly points out Bronson was barefoot when arrested. "Her last thought was, 'I'm going to sleep,'"
So wonderful what does. My mama volunteers delivering meals & loves it.
I would love having Armando in pinstripes
Shoutout to for being so accommodating with my traffic accident situation. U guys made my week much easier!
Taking notes here...
good luck tomorrow night Maria......!!! xx
haha work tweets!!!
gotta love the funk!! thanks for following... keep us posted
GREAT meeting with Capital Metro today!!
Cooper hits a liner down the left field line FAIR and into the corner! Deer SCORES, and the Brewers lead 1-0 on a Cooper double!
I know. I know. I feel that much of our work as digital humanists must be to educate academics on their responsibilities...
One of my favs this year is WAITING FOR SUNRISE by Wm Boyd. Absorbing, suspenseful, good historical setting.
Very happy to have the privilege of watching LeBron and DWade every nt
Thanks Paul. Thanks for checking us out.
sounds like a lifestyle startup biz then
Come on train. Let's do this
Just found out I'm a Virgo. . . okay, cool.
New addition to our Natalie's Pageant Closet Online Store!! Dedicated to the Pageant Queens making positive changes in their communities. P…
Heres one: So, you're an mma fighter and you use TRT and you're in your twenties? Tell me more about how you're not a cheater.
What are you doing with your holiday weekend?
The race is not to the swift but to those that keep on running
I missed it. :( But I'm waiting to hear it soon!!! :)
oh lol, all good!
#Steelers win www.thekidstrust.org gets 500, #Ravens win & a Bmore fam in need gets 500, love the Houck/Cole Roofing way of gambling!
Happy B-day 2 ♥ :D i love u xoxo
You've been busy globe trotting. Looking forward to your visit and catching up :-)
Thank you! We are so happy you enjoyed it.
Nothing much. Saw you on the Who to Follow tab on the left and added you. Saw you at box arena last week too.Playing anything new?
What are you doing to show your <3 for National Libraries Week?
are you serious
hahaha so were you late to whatever you were doing? lol
My roommate looks an awful lot like wade barrett. Its funny. Send a pic in a bit
Happy Easter guys! ☺
The 3BG Windows XP memory limit isn't what I want to be dealing with on a Friday afternoon
Bog of Eternal Stench!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 3/26/12 at 6:52 PM
Man of we lose... Idk imma just be mad.
Shit just got real NY
"Genius" & "hilarious" come to mind. RT The words most frequently used in connection with are national & treasure
Passing with all a's right meow. I'm proud as can be. 💗
Cast of Hot in Cleveland has arrived! Show did Cleveland proud and definitely deserve the key to this great city!
you're beautiful and I'm not a liar! :p
Now that, that's off the chest. The sun shining, grass is green nd I look GOOD AS HELL on this WoNdErFuL dAy! #Flowing!
Please follow for Loudoun County Northern VA business, community, events, local IT, marketing and social media updates
good talk though - thanks!
The wicked's lives are lonely, the wicked die alone. It just shows that when you're wicked you're left only on your own.
Last day of #iwny . How are you celebrating?
hang out with us at road house on sunday
omg pretty please follow me? :) <3
Right! I'm mad they turned the song off!! Lol ": Aye!! the Spurs Cashin Out!"
You've got to appreciate the marketing department's ingenuity LOL. And I say that semi tongue-in-cheek :)
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again - L. Frank Baum (Wizard of Oz)
please follow she is you biggest fan!
oh stop, you're making me blush! ☺
I hope she lives up to the hype 😁
my brother turns 32 on friday...small world
Had a lovely time with you too fabulous ladies!!! I'm in NOLA now--will be in touch soon when I get back to NYC
currently what does the lib do to address that? that's a big problem indeed in our case too
Heading out to Indiana Live.... Wish us luck!
If I could have one #SportingKC player sub in for me at work it would be ________ because ___________.
oh hell yeah
what up tho Fam Fam!! Its nice BigCool. I see your Athletes doing they thing thing Cali style! Yeah!
isnt cool enough to go to nightstorm !!
You're welcome. Thanks for checking out my videos! :) And what an awesome organization! Looks like tons of fun.
Did I say marlins? Oops I meant Reds!
Was it an instrumental track? I can't recall, but if you can track down their instrumental album, very worth a listen.
haha, awesome. does the Biz make a surprise appearance? please tell us it ruled ;-P
We've been collecting stories from Chinatown residents. Everyday we'll be posting something fresh. Stay tuned.
have you watched PS I love you? And is it bad that I wrote poetry and intend on just mailing them to her. Even when I'm alive
Who cares what anyone else thinks.
its really good! dont ever think negative about it (:
thank you! we're so glad you enjoy it
": "Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway." - Joey Adams"
RT : Welcome horse people! Wheres lovely Kemp? #ohchat (hello! Yes, Feb flew by. Howz u?)
If you don't hurry up and marry me, I'll rob a Nando's.
If you have a break and want to meet up with a random RL stranger, but online friend, lemme know.
Orientation for work...
Good Afternoon Twitter! How are you guys/girls doing today?
haha, well I'm pretty sure it would've been way different had it been you in his circle.
Hey gorgeous! It's been a while since we have seen each other. Your hair misses me as I do her.
Good stuff! Thanks for the support to the local!
OMG!! : St. Louis CAM director Paul Ha named director of MIT's List Visual Arts Center
Just tapped Laughing Dog's Rocket Dog Rye IPA.
hell no, his shoes ugly af,I know bout his gear. I'm pretty much done with this conversation.
They're not "scripts," "graphic novels," movies," or "books"- they're "Inanimate Films"
Oh, Why? Whhhyyyy? The hair is so "forget you"! Dress is fab though. Even w/ the cape.
Happy Mother's day to all!
PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN >> www.800printingnyc.com
i want you to follow me soo bad
Finally got a chance to sit down and read Ford's "Parsing Expression Grammars" paper, reminded me how much I like parsers and how rusty I am
I didn't even send em out when I had em :(
Morris Claiborne for the win!
Hey , can't wait to see you next week.
wait what? are you stalking me? do i need to delete my foursquare?
Today my youngest king turns 12. Happy Birthday Isaiah Nasir. Its such a privilege to be your mother. Sonshine
Love it or Hate it: Lil Wayne - "Carter IV"
Having a sweet hang with myself and some free beer, and decompressing from the madness that is the baltimore tattoo convention
America changed
only 7 more days and I'll see ya in Pikeville ,KY for #inyourhands tour! I'm So EXCITED!
what up cuz
yeah you?
apparently today I'm easily distra
U were amazing as usual on NY Live. I love what you were wearing Mrs Sexy! Who were U wearing & where can I get one? LOVE you!
haha yes!!(: im so what time are we going??(:
Why? what's wrong?
They do? RT Why do smelly people drink water out of large jugs?
Cheat on their beautiful girlfriend for a hoe that looks like Rafiki from Lion King #whydopeopledothis"
Saw A Dangerous Method this week - great film!
Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, & then it will gradually yield to him. F Goethe
lol it was decent this time....amazing. And a bit comical.
Now we are at IHOP acquiring delicious, terrible food.
Va state parks offer kid-friendly programs 5/19 in partnership w/National Park Trust for National Kids to Parks Day.
All of y'all who buy $200 headphones to listen to your compressed mp3s... ugh.
Just woke up shower then off to work
thanks! and right back at ya.
Character/Concept/Environment Artists wanted for a A developer based in the UK, for more information contact .uk
You know you're from out of town if...
Our new music upload series continues...Grab new versions now for Kenny & Brad.
I really need to start back workin out smh
Share? RT : Pizza or pasta ? Pizza!
hhaha yes.i am proud of you. xD but you got two weeks!
thnx for the RT, hope you found some great stuff in there!
there is a Wendys by my house that charges 1 dollar for water and ice from the soda rack.....Smh
When he gets older, I'd tell him he used to have a brother, but he didn't obey
Lakers will not win the NBA why they have a DUKE player on their roster lol
Country music >>
Beautiful day in Detroit!
just saw a hipster wearing a ship captains hat and a childs power ranger sweatshirt
": Tell me what you think I don't know"really lil bruh
WARNING!!! If there is a Zombie Apocalypse, and they end up chasing us...I'm tripping you!
6 days to PEACE DAY 2011! Free food, entertainment and fun!!!
is gardening in the dark.
Wow! Agreed. That's a very cool video.
Grown men do not "horse around" with boys. Protect your sons from abuse. Teach them to speak up, run and tell you anything and everything.
Interested in how I became involved in the Middle East? Read my book free at TwelveDaysToJersalem.org.
RT : Home Speed Cleaning Tips & Clutter Control. An Organized & Happy Home. 100% Guaranteed! (Paperback): Discover th......
Finished the last book of the #HungerGames at an ungodly hour last night but it was completely worth it!
Congrats! We love your new music video "Little Mercy!"
Nice! I'm jealous. Just spoke to G&P last night. They said it was 80 all last week!
Very happy to have June end with a first-ever attempt at an online video audition going well, resulting in a callback to start July. :-}
A Shout out to our friends at ! Working to better education together! Superheroes Joining Forces!
Joe Walsh & Tammy Duckworth debate live tonight at 6 on CLTV
actually sitting this twin kegs night out...it's been alittle sad over on our street since sunday night. Our dog passed away :-(
And I would add
Liking some one is just wanting to see them! Loving someone is understanding how that person feels
Hahahahahaha! RT : She's beautiful RT : I just found Rosie O Donnel attractive!
Special #FF for !!!!
loving it!
Shhh. time for !!! To God be the Glory...
: no way it's Matt, Tyler's the one klaus will kill!!
yup, a Lil ol engineer vs a big time undefeated boxer (and 50 'candy shop' Cent)
YES WE ARE. Tell your friends? I'll do something crazy if we get to 30:)
get ready for me! be over soon
Each time I think about u all I think about is ur crooked smile that I luv
Ok so this zumba mess is what got my mama thinking she hip lately these mofos is really grinding I'm surprised there aren't more guys here.
#Miami vs #GeorgiaTech Tonight! C-A-N-E-S, #Canes!
thanks. where do you come from? :) And please follow me back. be my 300th follower please? ;)
Social media is just one force that is requiring leaders to cede control in order to succeed- Charlene Li author of Open Leadership
Oh shit! SIN night at 1/2 off everything including PBR tall boys. And... doing the video thang!
We are excited to announce the launch of the new ZeroSpinePain.com website.
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE GOD!!
Sean Kingston!
Love that place! RT We are SO excited to welcome our new client named one of the Top 10 Wing Spots in the US!
Sounds about right.
SPURS WIN 114- 83 Total Domination!!
haha every year once I get back I always have a little bit of one. I mean, im there for 6 weeks. Lol
i dnt just go 4 the 1st guy that comes in my face.
wine, spaghetti, and fresh chocolate chip cookies.
If you live in Bay View or anywhere else in the 14th, get out and vote, preferably for Jan Pierce : I would if I could!
Day one of a trial week of no dairy in my diet begins today. No dairy = no cheese and no milk in my coffee.
BTW did u call the police yet on me?
the broncos should keep him, because if Peyton isn't 100% they have no back up if Tebow is gone.
Of course our bullpen catches fire against the Twins.
Nothing like learning new tricks
Hey Sean, Justin here with NBA TV. Would you be able to tell me which milestone KG is going to set in today's game? Thanks!
Birthday brunch for w/
says the guy who has just continued Dubya's policies and is keeping us in Afghanistan 'til 2024... you should kill yourself.
uh oh what happened?
As I just mentioned to a co-worker...I know what I'm told I know.
when austin's been everywhere EXCEPT where you live.
had co signed me :)
The developer is really working hard on the Ebuxing.com site. It is really exciting to see my ideas coming to a reality. It's looking good.
at least I made $10 betting him that he'd meet up with her at some point when he got drunk
RT : M looks so damn gorgeous in her vid
Today we are at the Milwaukee County Courthouse for Food Truck Thursday, come find Milwaukee's favorite gyros on the corner of 9th and Wells
bro, first, LOL. and second, im at arundle mills mall and I swear my M350z stalker is sitting a few tables away. O.o
Scratch and sniff LP: scratch it, sniff it (smells like three days in the Chilldozer), buy another copy 'cuz the LP is all scratched up.
you're using Reason? that's whats up!
Oops, Sophie got two nods. #FF and MOCS staffer too.
neither of you know the meaning of alot of hours
My prediction, were not going to get in a full 9 innings of this game, nevermind the next one...
She even gives Jersey Girls a bad name.
sounds like a brilliant idea.
RT Daniel Pink #training2012 people are more motivated if there is purpose attached to work not carrots or sticks.
Anyone know that song " I don't know" by " the sheep dogs". The song name suits it. Because that's pretty much all they say for 3 minutes
Tonight on NBC 15 at 6: A look INSIDE the Porchlight fire damage, hear from some of the hundred residents that spent the night at West High
Coming to terms with my own mortality... Do. Not. Want.
can't start crap with dumb...
God!!! i love me some Kim kardashian
I guess watching another movie on
Back pain is the worst pain ever. Taking it easy tonight so that we can rock the house during Zumba Toning tomorrow!
We'd love for you to try the new recipe. We think you will be pleasantly surprised. Look for the new packaging!
If we hold on to the past too tight, the future may never come.
that's what I said :L
So honored to be the male in this relationship, next time I will take you to a place that doesn't serve bland mozz w/ Ke$ha
“: If you say #SchoolMemories and says something about senior year in high school or college... Yeah youre kinda old” aw lmao :P
What do you look for in a lover? Let us know!
RT : 10 Rules for Starting A Business on a Shoestring Budget:...
now following this chico
Im having such a great morning!
More money less sleep
God morning!! 💛
Just fuckin live life!
done with what?
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. Virgina Woolf
Oh if you want tons of Tumblr followers...just photograph Parker Hurley
Why is the Sumo Deadlift a poor idea? Don't know the details.
Listening to Angels and Airwaves while folding laundry. A relaxing way to end my day. :)
Great article!! You are all over the interwebs, lady!
I don't care if I'm almost 30 years old, it's nice to know my parents are still proud of me.
I already can't wait till Easter,Resurrection Sunday! "What a day of rejoicing that will be!" <3
Dear women, I don't care how much your heels hurt. Walking around Baltimore City in bare feet is a bad idea.
RT: RT Nothing is illegal until you get caught.
same with me!!! IB = BS and still get away. Haha!
I just ate almost a whole package of lifesavers I found. So far they are not working.
BURGERS, BURGERS, BURGERS!!!! Our Exotic Burger is Curried Turkey today, come try it out!
ALPHABET SONG SUCKS TODAY :/
And is coming to Denver as part of the deal?
Everything is going great! Thanks for asking for the FF! :) Have a fun weekend.
you are so close to $50k!
my back is kiiiiiiiillllllliiiiiiiiinnnggg me!!!!!!! Got 3rd place trophy tonight tho!
Thanks, all of the sessions has been great, always have room to learn more!
It's pizza of the day time: pizza sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni, roasted parsnips and onion. Just $12 plus free ravioli.
I normally can't either. I was feeling ambitious today.
There are few nudities so objectionable as the naked truth.
Good Morning to all Tweeters.. What a gorgeous day!
Happy Birthday to the current and future great young man. Work hard in Vegas.
The weekend isn't over yet! Time to cool down after a hot day with a Rio Marg.
Have you seen our newest billboard?
u mean to ur own cuzin ima beat u up
B.A.S.I.C - BeAboutSuccessInControversy
Ciara - If Only
If you act like a child yourself, you really shouldn't have children.
I'm surprised you didn't superkick that cow that was in your way! Lol Enjoy the summer, Champ!
I'm starting to feel the SXSW #rockthesock pressure building :) :
Met him at Kohl Center in Aug. Amazing story... What was show on BTN? Need to see if on again.
Aquatica won't have an account. We'll be tweeting about the waterpark on the account. Hashtag is
9 CHIPS OR 3 CUPS POPCORN - YOU CHOOSE:- • ¼ cup corn (for popping) – put into brown paper lunch bag – fold over top • Microwave for appro…
WHUT?!? We have an alternative station again? YES!!!! So happy, and just in time for summer!!!!
Talking with to talk about how we can work together to promote business in the area!
This DJ can suck my
that was so great! We loved video chatting with u guys today!
Workshop with today at Danny Clark photography studio
Find the lowest priced data converters from MAXIM and Linear, please go to www.synpur.com
The Boys are going to live with Whitney Hoffman etal and I are happy. They will be well taken care of :)
Open til 7 tonite, let's go Jackets! Patio is open :)
thank you for the retweet!
congrats to my girl S.Mayer, sign sealed delivered to Case Western. keeping our streak alive 4 years 6 players in the college ranks
Yes. I do really like you. But i can't tell you cause you dont like me.
Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate cake into four pieces - and then eat just one of the pieces! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!
New scene from the movie Jack Squad on site www.simboya.com. Check it out and let me know what you think?
My brain hurts. In a good way.
