RIP Davy Jones
the fat red fox jumped under the boring dog.
Hmm thats interesting. I'll have to try it next time they have it.
you did...oh well. No loss there
Why am I trying so hard with people? I'm done with it. If they wanna talk to me, they'll make an effort. I'm busy enough.
really? i'd love to see you if you have time!
yes, you have old one :)
If we are habitually harsh & critical toward ourselves, learning 2B gentle w/ ourselves may require dedicated effort.-Melody Beattie
Girl I love, girl I love you
who watches the watchers? ;) Answer: have three sensors, believe two if one disagrees/fails, then replace it quickly!
Good morning everyone follow me and I will def follow u rite :)
It is not about supporting IE, so much as IE supporting the HTML5 features we rely on. IE10 is the only ver that does.
When you discover a song and have to question yourself on how you got through life without it for so long.
While I would love to agree, Cat Power is the new Natalie Merchant, and CP is as obscure as Vampire Weekend.
you are the best
in such a good mood :) god is great
right, response to rumors. No chance
Amazing dinner at Oyamel with and , so great to see good friends!
Need a small biz coach? #Follow-->> who is able to provide a variety of services for your small biz!
im falling asleep in math <-Kelsey xoxo>
There is a devil in every berry of the grape.
CONGRATS CLIF...Happy for your guys!!
thanks for following back!!
Facebook/Twitter usage goes up exponentially when I have important work to get done
4 canals, I ain't scared, bring it on molar!?! #nerd LOL
whatever works for you.. :p
FAVORITE NEW MALE VOCALIST > FAVORITE NEW DUO OR BAND > FAVORITE NEW FEMALE VOCALIST >
woman make terrible choices in men. I've had more than one female friend cry on my shoulder over a man. Hmm
Someone give Kobe theraflu, no west!
Wake Up!!!
Mundane Mondays, Tipsy Tuesdays, Whacky Wednesdays, THIRSTY THURSDYAS, Faded Fridays, Sketchy Saturdays, Fun Day Sunday
bgc talk bigred has a nappy weave, i think she's trying to pull food outta of her head nasty. Did she wash her hair ever?
Right now, our own is exploring the beloved city of #Branson!
Grieves, when are you hitting up a show in LA next? ;)
....who wants to go to MINK with me tomorrow night!??....
Thanks for being such great fans! Much love to all of you! ;)
#welovegreyson because he gives the best hugs<3 you can really feel the love!!(:
Today at 4 p.m.: Nonviolence trainer/International educator Arthur Romano will speak at Harrison Auditorium!
good luck sir!!! I'll be watching....... #tigers sorry I like 9 innings not 3. ;)
i wonder if and are in love yet.. prob
I am going to #growsomeballs at #sxsw. They are going to be massive.
Damn right!
LAX is going off!!!!
My glasses just broke -__-
Love link-o-rama, but would be more user friendly if new tab opened when link is clicked.
“: That basket is heaven sent lol RT Omw to For #KaraokeTuesday Great Day For it! #SeafoodBasketTimeFOOL”
Gut-wrenching. :(RT : Kimmo Timonen: "Personally, I'm running out of time, to be honest. I really thought this was our chance."
Meeting with a SharePoint Developer on Monday for projects in the Milwaukee or Madison areas! If you have any projects or are struggling w…
#opensource challenge! RT : Marshall: vendors provide better library-facing APIs than open source currently
Shoutout to my girl since forever happy birthday !!! Hope you have an amazing day sister. See you soon :)
did photoshoot thang in DUMBO (photo row in Brooklyn) It was a bunch of brides and grooms trying to frame their perfect world allthebest!
Haha, Thanks man.
It's come to the point where I can't watch a major sporting event -- or any game, for that matter -- without being on Twitter.
I need a smoke break... from life
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡20
This guy just said that Dirty Bourbon was "classy". What is going on??? Casa Escencia is classy. "dirt"y bourbon!!
Also, they absolutely need to rebook you. Don't leave until they do.
Michael Vick struggles with accuracy...55% for his career but winners find a way to win.
What a nice Sunday night.. Quite and the Blazers are winning...
ugh hump day blues, probably because I haven't eaten SweetGreen yet this week.
I don't even care
Just got a shot in the bum. Momma always said belly rubbing would lead to trouble
Pizza > everything else
I once was educated and it has taken ne years to get over it.
I envy him seeing Sade in concert. A def dream of mine.
drive to the nearest highway. start with ultraviolet. maximum volume, maximum speed. one of the best driving experiences.
Getting Siri today! I can't wait to meet her!
Did you know that the longest word in the world is 189,819 letters?
also glad to see someone reissue "Jazz Raga" paid some $ for an original years ago...another great one!
Stopping at Starbucks on the way to school :)
got my graduation dress (: love itt <3 once again dance was canceledd.!! noww im home alone so tlk to me ! haha
SONG THAT'S STUCK IN YOUR HEAD RIGHT NOW...GO! :D
If its going to be this cold in the city tomorrow I will continue being a lazy upstate polar bear. I like spring NYC not chilly
Rickie Fowler... proof the perfect swing means nothing
Japan warns of N. Korea rocket shootdown
Good luck! He is certainly among the leading contenders and must be taken seriously.
Need help?
#Satan Has Left the Earth
Finally seeing "The Avengers" with !!! So excited!!!
thanks!!! hit up the tracks at myspace.com/kkal21
Great speakers talking about leadership development-Mark Greene, Connell Gallagher, Naomi Nelson
Well, you can just come out for drinks and then go home for sleeping post-movie? I'd be so thrilled to see you.
much love to ya!
He chose to love me, when I felt unlovable.
The walking dead?
Just took like 5 teaspoons of two different cold medicines. Things bout to get cuh-razy up in here
omg i love her shes amazing <3 :)
is really
WOW!!! ZUZU Groupon They are selling FAST! Best Hurry and get one now. 1/3 already sold in 1 hour www.groupon.com
get ready for from should be a good
hey...you wanna follow me? i'll give you a dollar c;
What's up twitter nation I'm back, been awhile someone hit me up
RT plz!: Make sure to get out & follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!
So im making a tumblr and i have no idea what my url should be ... ?
400 miles from HOuston to go to church. My wife is something else.
We weren't able to rise and shine this morning- but for a fresh burst of energy, we're spending our LB doing yoga!
you think it's "naive" to think that there's no correlation between religious views and voting habits???
thank you glad to have you on the list,coming from an ex major pro athlete I consider that a huge compliment absolutely huge!
maybe you will have to do price is right style...closest without going over!
A little under the weather 2day ~ sinus infection ~ but thankful that I can work some from home & not lose the whole day.
Only you know how I feel....and I dont know if I like that....
A4. Pro Bowl here in South FL was fantastic...for 30 minutes. Boring, noncompetitive.
Annuncio was shot in 60fps and looked like a home movie till we took it down to 24. Your mind is programmed to 24fps
Yeah, it is pretty damn good!
Skipping lunch is no bueno. Now it's 4:30... too late for lunch, too early for dinner.
follow for the latest #neuroscience & #consciousness, #metaphysics & #mind, #math &
kanoe goes through her friend requests and accepts the ugliest one!
#AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU group projects---Tools: Skype, online chats, webinars (recorded), fb, blackboard, online virtual cafe
Line for the men's bathroom
I honestly wouldn't know what to do with my days without workouts, Netflix, and naps. I'd probably just sit and stare at walls.
Thanks for posting Caitlin! You're the best!
I hate when Naj subtweets me back. let me have my moment nigga.
Hey Twitterverse! Do you have any great #events coming up in June? Let us know for our weekly Top 10 Picks brochure!
was that droopy dog that just called?
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. -Vince Lombardi
it is he's really funny an thank you. You are too :)
no effing way???
Im jus a nigga wit money everyday
Payday jigga. And I got a big bonus today 💰💰💰
That's what you get for being in SACS... lol JK I LOVE YOU AMANDA GOD LUCK
Whn do u stop wrestling whn u fite, hit a nig wit a 2 piece da other day, n he latched on 2 my nec like da lines on a piece a paper.
New timeline design today!
The temple of our purest thoughts is silence.
hahah you pooped in the refrigerator?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer... So true...
We can't allow this anti-union bill in WI to pass. Call (817) 429-9863 and ask your union representatives to send support from TLU767.
Making animal hoods for kids/babies. I think I'm doing a cat, an owl, a dino/lizard...what else should I do?
Today is considered Freedom Sunday for victims of human trafficking. Pray for the girls that have been enslaved in this industry.
RACC chose two Farooq's for final round for Portland Public Art...sweet
wrestling practice -_-
worried about a webinar when the hosts leave the phone on while trying to figure out what to do and hear a lot of "hello" "hello"
Thanks for the compliment! RT : This has been the most pleasant layover I've had. Thanks for being awesome.
#occupywallstreet in over 840 cities - somehow this is unorganized - yet another blind corporate eye
So, new job I hear? Tell me more. Tell me more...
Evolution is fact & completely conflicts with Creationism
finally watched. Thought Bruce and the band sounded awesome. Bruce looks totally energized by this new stuff!
Happy Wino Wed! Great wine tasting all day-District T-shirts only $15, and NEW food items on the menu for week. Enjoy.
DJ Malik all day
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson RT
hm this ice cream is about to hit the SPOT
Talk that talk ...
Friend: "Didnt we have pink eye together?" Rube: "When was your butthole on my eyebrow?"
yes yes you already know
yes sir. rio wraps correct?
THAT is a gorgeous cover, Katherine! Can't wait to read it. Are you going to be NYC in Jan?
I was wrong. I need another week for my music video.
its ok:) hahaa
#middleschoolmemories is trending again, god I loved that time in my life!
hey what was the result?
Just left the studio with filming him drop flame. Peep Cigar Music from the highly anticipated INFLUENCE AND AFLUENCE II
Someday I will have money to buy all 30 books on my Powell's wishlist, though there are 60 more waiting to be read at home. Out of control!
Benchmark interest rates spiked yesterday afternoon following the Senate's passage of the tax cut extension bill.
Tonite doors @ 6pm Phone Calls from Home, Rookie of the Year, Samantha Darnell, Men of Leisure and 4th Quarter Comeback at Canal Club
Congrats to and for winning the #EWR12 Kitchen challenge!
An old school poster I have of (with STRAIGHT HAIR!) ripped the other day :( just now taking it down.. Sad panda.
I'm annoying tf out of my little sister. lmao
Where will you be when the ball drops?
haha oh wow
Christi tag my name next time babe(;
My last name sounds like a sneeze...
I can get 3-4 feet from her. Have a super zoom camera that helps. When I am there she often takes off & I can go right up to nest
is just jealous of my skizzilllls.
BREAKING: MEXICO CITY (AP) -- A strong earthquake has been felt in Mexico City.
Otha than the lil girl thats always got some to say, but ion go with him no more , so i really didnt care
Maybe if thye'd put pix of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner! Please Retweet until they do!
hi! tnx to google tranlator i can now understand you
yeah, I'll see what I can do
RT : wrt 'awesomeness', oh pls > not my words. Like the message-great products, created by people who love what they do.
“: My catcher knows me better than I know myself! #BaseballBros #pitcher_swag”
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams that need to win immediately no excuses. Step up!!!
Hope it's great! :)
Happy Founders Day, AΞΔ!
hey can you follow back :)
Where can I donate old prescription glasses? I know I've seen bins, I just don't remember where!
"My friend beat me in hold'em last night & I didn't have enough money to cover the bet. I had 2 pair I though I couldn't lose. He had 4 3's"
Since BP has never taken a DT 1st, that means OT=most likely. If we look to a dif pos where do you think we look?
Lift your head High and say to the world halaluya Im alive and i'm going to explore this great spinning ball at the edge of our galaxy!!
Merry Christmas and happy holidays! :)
if you in dallas ride to tha nawf and fuck with me rolls royce going down callin all performers
I just wanna hold you close, but so far all I have are dreams of you <3
Going to Italy and Ireland this year to find me a husband. Oh, you think I'm kidding?
CF1 is having some fitness blogger thing going on there. My instagram feed is full of air squats bloggers in gear.
stop making my phone go off 
what cough syrup?
You don't even care....
Cool stat RT ELIAS: last teenager to steal home was 19-year-old Ed Kirkpatrick of the Angels on May 5, 1964 at KC.
Regret nothing.
lol. Glad to know that you're easy to please. :-)
Finna get otp wit my baee
do you think i have a chance next year? i poop my pants 2 times a day. is that talent?
#mdsession12 what are the ideas you have to raise the money to do what you think needs to be done?
If you use instagram follow Muni Kids at the user names: munikidsclothing and munimax
Hey, great talk yesterday! Would love to hear more about your project at some point.
Just Woke Up! Welp Guess I'll Jump On Some 2k
Glamour squad: hair, make-up, wardrobe....enhance my beauty please
Relaxing day listening to good tunes
If the Bucks beat the Bobcats opening day and beat NOLA in February we'd be tied for 8th right now.
I think there are some programming problems with google's wonder wheel that should be properly handled before it is brought back for usage.
holy shit it's this week.
Why does got to be so sexy? ;D
Just remember that haters are haters. BBN knows the truth!!!!! We love you!
so gross
What we do today will establish our finances with peoplestring tomorrow
no... trying to reduce twitter spam
I'm a recent #Hootsuite convert as well. Love it! RT Oh my god, Hootsuite! Where have you been all my life?
they're called 'mock elections' anyways..
Love seeing a Wellstone! bumpersticker on a car at daycare. Let's be friends!
I just sat in the Leaf Very Roomy Very Nice!
Rub it in jerk!! I hate you.. but I love you and I miss your face
RT If WE are out of control then the system is out of control. So ask yourself today "Who Controls Me?"
Started listing to podcast... I like it.. I like it a lot!!!...=D Keep up the great job guys..=)
These little kids with additudes<<<<. The fuck
how do you get a person to unfollow you? Like can you keep them from following you?
Worshiping Satin #YouKnowBetterThanThat Go To Hell.
OUTSTANDING! performance on #SouthLAnd Bravo, dear sir! Bravo!
OMG I THOUGHT IT WAS A ICY. CONFETTI < 3
Just about died and got stuck in a blizzard on the mountain...
Ditto on the thanks, and also on the regret there wasn't time for more discussion.
thats hella akw... but how long u wanna b single?
I wonder? Will nephew be more stubborn or more conservative?? Who's blood flows deeper? Only time will tell..
Putting the Samsung Galaxy Tab on his wishlist. If Apple tries to ban it, then it must be good.
Dude...conference call?
You met Emeka didn't you?
In honor of the Caps effort tonight, I fell asleep during the 2nd intermission.
I got FLEX for sale and I'm giving niggas bargains!!!!!
This. RT "The difference between me and her is I'll do anything for you and she'll do anything with you."
Village at St. Peter&#39;s Housing Presented by the Diocese of Camden Celebrates Occupancy
Welcome to the Twitter Jungle Jeff.
drinks at the four seasons with dev+mollie, followed by secret apps and wine at the palace. i feel like would approve. :)
With Acrobat Pro you can capture scanned docs, create fillable pdf forms, perform redaction procedures, and create seachable pdf files.
It's not like we're dying...
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
why can't i stop crying?
Hey, do you have a date for your event yet?
Tebow does it again! Im now 3-1 for the week not bad ;)
S/O to my uggs for being there through these cold times! Dont know what i would do w/o u.
8am Green smoothie + Twitter + News. I need more routines like this in my life.
heard that name a lot today. We'll see what happens
. how's it feel to be the number 1 seed in 's blogger bracket?
lmao. Okay. Haha . Considering i might not even go to school today
you can color your hair when your preggo I did it and my mother and mother in law know how to do hair and all❤❤❤ leave snooki alone
brilliant. “: If the #Chiefs draft pick was a shot, it would be a barmat shot #cringe”
Web #Designers - Who among you has leveraged #microfomats to great effect? How do you measure it?
haha why do you say that?
Storms are lining up. Massive destruction RT : Henryville, IN may take a second hit by a major tornado.
#SocialSaturdays Performing Live Inside La Vida co-hosted by , Music provided by & Special Guest MC RT
Love that #WhiteMamba just drained the last bucket of regular season!
Miss Buffalo RT : 10 years ago today, almost 30" of #snow buried #Buffalo in 24 hours...55" in 4 days!
Wanna see
U welcome
It's freezing out ⛄
": EVERY GHETTO IN NEW YORK CITY KNOWS ABOUT Dynasty Because you the Best... Pa:)Lante.....
Just finished playing for the pediatric cancer and chronically ill at mcv hospital. Heartbreaking but uplifting @ same time.
I guess I'll get a fake plant and a lamp for them....
Realized it was Friday and that I did nothing fun tonight...but then I realized, "It's fucking Summer: EVERYDAY is Friday"
Sox sucked too..uggh.just finished US vs Finland earlier. Wow! Shutout.
So over you and your bullshit.
I won't do coke off the head of a cobra, but I will do meth off the back of a llama.... Adrian Mesa
he does the weirdest movies! What's he done besides 27 days later? That wasn't a foreign film or something.
Are robots and content farms the future of the news?
I just want you to tell me you are here for me & it's going to be okay..
nope. I am still awake. :-)
I am accepting recommendations for super cheap vacation/staycation ideas. Please help.
here in nashville they are wearing out Ga peaches on the big 98 wsix. They know what we want to hear
strong words RT : "I strongly believe that Mendeley can change the face of science." Werner Vogels CTO Amazon
I didn't expect this to happen this quickly. I hope that he pulls through, yet it doesn't look good.
Atelophobia is the fear of not being good enough or imperfection
Thanks for throwing us men a bone ;)
Happy #fathers day everyone!
Happy New Year everyone!
Make sure to check out today's Google doodle. What a great way to start out a semester! It would have been Freddie Mercury's 65th birthday.
Nw- Rob Dyrdeks Fantasy Factory C: love this show!
It doesn't have to be that hard for teens w/ #autism there are resources for teenagers who want a girlfriend...
RT : Sure, but "Scottishness" made the joke work better. For me anyhow. :-) Slainte!
Nothing bests a curious mind; love 's penchant for original source materials; the feel, sight, sound & touch of 'truths'...
Hahahh!!! Good man! Now get to work. I asked my math teacher how good I'd have to do on my exam to find out my final ...
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld #Burlesque and
Third Call Me, Maybe, houndstooth
Q: "What is your greatest ambition in life?"A: "To become immortal... then die."
agreed! So disgusting.
Allergies killin me I feel like crap!
Horwitz received the Pulitzer Prize in 1994. Perhaps best known to historian s for Confederates in the Attic (1998)
she sounds like a sick animal
good stuff last night
I'm trying to keep off the redbull....im dying Dx
ok dude
People Have No Fucking Life Calling A ''Slut''
Analogous to building needed smart power grid for US; painfully slow because of many different stakeholders & technical risk
If you have tickets for Lincoln Theatre Royal's A Christmas Carol, please call 01522 519999 to check performances are still on this week
Will be tabling w/ today at the Latin American Youth Center Health Fair in Columbia Heights. Fun times!
Lost playing hostage!
sounds like a plan to me!
If u niggas so real ..why yall gotta keep reminding everybody all the time
Tried the "morning mix up" from Disappointing. Is overly sweet and bland a mix these days?
Shower Sex >>>
I've been listening to the same song for the past 15 minutes, I'm boring, I know.
I'm glad!
It's finals time at our library, do other libraries do anything special to help students out or celebrate?
Dave Obey: No one candidate can credibly claim ownership of recall movement.
Shout out to my girl Luv the song! You surprised me with that one
Ima go watch the news maybe ill fall asleep
I'd forgotten the joys of being a six footer on a commuter plane. We haven't left yet & I'm ready to exit. Are we there yet?
On my way home from #chi2012 to see son#2 in a school play tonight. :-) Best of luck Monday. Keep in touch on semiotics musings.
i wish you can get and in the studio too because people think they still got beef and they squashed it in 06
where are you now when i need yu
Will You Ever Follow Me Austin
lol he is too! He looks creepy o.O
When you're walking by the lakefront, stop in to see Lake Bluff Condos on Prospect! Luxury homes w/ great views! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Apple has put up a new web page showing how to set up the new free Find my iPhone service
#thatcampva12 no animations in neatline. yet. worried about feature creep.
yes we do I need u to do a favor for me and lays get u to do a photo shoot for ur 2nd book
Love, love, love my friends! I am one lucky girl!!!
At the eye dr. Hopefully my visits will be ending soon
so r u goin
In the past 2 days I've probably watched the richards/staal goal replays 20+ times
O.O I like all of his albums and mixtapes. :D
Thanks George, looking forward to it. It's fun Tweetcasting with all the BOK watchers and the awesome cast.
hmm probably the second one cause the first one i hate shadowed eyes like drawing them makes me sick and the 3rd is too far away
IF YOU "WANT" A DIVORCE, "see" A THERAPIST. IF YOU "NEED" A DIVORCE, "SEE ME" BY DANIE VICTOR-LAGUERRE, FLORIDA DIVORCE ATTORNEY
Turn a gud girl ..Bad...turn a bad girl ...Crazy.. #datDick lmao
network your plague! Everyone wants some
You're very welcome(x
Sorry to have missed UR booth at #ASTD2012. I heard gr8 things 'bout the interactions & #learning that took place there.
Alright, we'll do it. RT : i would like to see tour with again! :)
Run for your life, the haboob is coming!
Bitches gone stay mad fucking with me! I love that Im on your mind! You look so stupid!
Yo u guys are really doing well and it was fun to see you guys win in person
it is what makes me soo interesting!
Target is the best.
Im not about that life. Sorry
PowerHouse && Maybe Rock The Bells This Yr ;D
omg that is awesome!
Lets have a moment of silence for all of those lost children swallowed during blow jobs....
u better ......btw DO U WANNA SUCK XD
Yea, sounds like a lot of heat.
Thanks Dave! I love that mix. Definitely time to bust it out for the holidays.
Workin hard to make up for playin hard.
New Years Sweepstakes: post your stickK activity on facebook and you're entered. No purchase necessary! www.stickK.com for official rules.
Danielle Aubert presents from the Center for Abandoned Letterhead project, a collection and catalog of disused corporate letterhead.
...thats right, dreamteam is on the twitter... I would love a shout out of some sort from my man LPG...
: Thanks! What about Trevor Ariza? Can you find him too. Hell, you think Magic will come out of retirement?
I'm the kind of person who celebrates buying a new shirt by wearing it four days in a row.
Had the best time at #JourneyChurch in Raleigh, NC today. I will definitely be back next week!
I don't think a GA win makes him viable again. He has to win elsewhere, or place a strong second place.
Come to Pittsburgh, PA!
Every elected U.S. Senator's pay should be suspended until such time as the Senate passes a budget - it's time they do their job!
i'm sick of being sick!!!
cool, my birthday is in April too
Glad the jail released you... have a great vacay! Onto the Sixers...
I think I'm going to buy me some beats by dre
Today I swear I will take some time off. So far not so good with that but soon!
And fortunately, we have had some brilliant minds and committed souls shining that light, regardless of the broader landscape
Major moves only happens when u think big
sometimes I think they TOO big lol!
Anyone going to tonight?
Go Bulls!
Don't get me wrong. I'm not really into football, but why isn't Super Bowl Sunday a national holiday?
"Take care of each other, stay strong, find some time to play, don't let God laugh alone." ~Josef 'Whistler' Engressia
Check out the 41st annual DC St. Patrick’s Day parade Sunday, March 11 at noon on Constitution Ave between 7th & 17th St!!!
- lol! Oh good, so it's not just me? I think there's something wrong with us.
In my favorite understatement of the year, the NYT headline: "In Santorum’s Sweep, Sign of G.O.P. Unease With Romney." YOU THINK?
Steam cleaning appointments available this Thursday. Book today and get 10% off!
Friday greeted me with a mash up of Lady Gaga's "Edge of Glory" and Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks" in my brain... what?
If you know your primary trigger, text it to 51515 to find out your top personality advantages.
How we don't say bye anymore
my daddy left home when i was 3 and didn't leave much but momma and me.
Attention Dancers and models. Auditions will be held on May 20th for video "Jello". The girls chosen will get a free photo shoot!
Click the link to the website. We are a free classified better than craigslist. Promote what ever you want
Its the last night of vacation we can sleep in :(
Have a great night everyone!
I want him
voice!HOLY FUDGE!IM DYING!<3 (:
Come on Phillies, get a #*%$'n hit.
N. Taleb on true stoicism: transforming fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, desire into undertaking.
wherever you play... I'm there bro xD
Get the London look…oh so do i need to separate my teeth & have huge gaps in them ? I swear that commercial is retarded
Want #P to follow you? Or have someone you think we should follow? Tweet us who to follow and we'll check them out!
You ever had that feeling where you just wanna sit in a corner and cry??
Totally missed that it was Groundhog's Day today:/ Whoopsie! What did that fur thang end up doing???
Quit being such a hypocrite
Hope you had a special mother's day because you are special. I am honored to call you my friend.
I mean we are making this way too big and we dont even know anything.
Looking forward to seeing & others doing #Zumba @ 2morro!
Interested in us producing your next music video? Contact us at for more information.
Music and sound too...
Please keep my brother in law in your prayers. he is ill and I'm going to visit him in the hospital
You need to found a startup. :)
you're face is nothing special!! And you're fat! Hahaha Jk
would be cool if Ramen noodles had another nutritional value besides SODIUM OVERDOSE
FL attorneys office should be held accountable for not collecting the proper evidence and making the arrest sooner. Don't blame the statute
I got you, bro! But you gotta follow me & back first before I make your brownies. :)
Any way we can get Daddy Krag on the IR??
oh don't worry, I'll be reading it on the beach.
This Thursday April 12th, 2012 we need 3 Models! 5PM - 8PM! Come get your makeup done and enjoy great company!
omg thanks that's really nice<3<3
I haven't had a chance to listen to todays little show, but it sounds like Big Fatty has diarrhea
Napoleon Hill What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
on my way to La Quinta :) can't wait for the hot weather!
Sick save there.
Always remember that our heroes are human. Bad men are capable of great things and good men are capable of evil.
Ok. We'll have to do some sort of fund raiser to get out here for the shows. L0L!
Stephen Colbert is pulling jack daniels on national television haha
Inhale the good shit exhale the bulllllshit
I will DEFINITELY be exploring Personal Proof from Yay!
yeah I often hear myself say "I said what???!!!". Hope you and Quinn are well. Happy Advent!
Someday, I will have all I need. Today, I will give all I have.
Lucky you! Hope you're doing something fun this weekend girl. Are you gonna see The Avengers?
new look coming this afternoon!
dear #brooklyn, do ANY food places deliver within the time limit they advertise? seriously.
: Did you ever give the Ranger some bow moves? // This! Came up at #livingdungeonworld at
#shithagansays what is this? Is it like a dried up m&m?
poor Colette. I want her w/Dean.
I would cum on my bed if u touched me in my sleep! Then I would fuck u to make u cum sexy mami XOXO
#17Days #BOYFRIEND #Believe so excited !
Making up for striking out on my last thifting excursion. It's a label whore of a good time up here in Winnetka!
welcome to
Enjoyed last night's great screening of our DC #48HFP "Mancession." They laughed in all the right places. We'll be in the DC best of on 5/24
it's because we're awesome, but you already knew that.
No one can fill 4min better than you
Sleep. I am about to gets it
Wishing I was at somebodys house.. I'm seriously bored a'f right now..
“: Bieber in Floyd's ring entourage: Another sign he's getting soft.” what an absolute joke... Cotto better win this
LEVI DENIM SHORTS ARE $34.99!!!!!
Is there really a place to hire folks for this kind of stuff on Craigslist? Where?
its dependent on where you go since I prefer Water :)
. Excellent idea. Let's all become garbagoligists!
screwing around at work...looking for wilco tunes to get pumped for them tonight...had a mixed exp last time wilco was at 930.
XOXO, thank you lady!
Just checked the weather in London for this week. It's going to be warm and sunny exept the saturday, which will be rain and clouds...Angry
I always thought your first photos shoot would be for a jcrew catalog...
cool thanks !!
wow dude that was deep… you're so right. You should become a philosopher
Everyone knows that if you find any sort of a pattern in wins and losses, it can't POSSIBLY be random variation!
lol I have no idea what you're talking about :/ :( haha
look into flying to Paris via Reykjavik. Prices sometimes under $1,000. Plus, Reykjavik!
Read about two iOS Math Apps made by classroom teachers: tonyv.me/mabt
Nawlins. Magazine street.
“: I get high with a little help from my friends.” i get drunk with a little help from my friends.
#Aztecs will tip off vs Temple at 3:10pm on Saturday. Game will be on TNT.
thanks so much for the mention. We'll be in soon with a goody.
Loving Adobe Lightroom 4. Hating the migration from iPhoto of every photos for the past 3 years.
Follow me n I'll follow u bck(=
The stupid neither forgive nor forget. The naive forgive and forget. The wise forgive but do not forget.
Since getting home all I've done is eat, eat and eat some more.
Its whatever. Night.
In The Recording Studio Producing Couple of Dope Beatz> ***Fun time***
Just discovered how to close comments on WordPress pages. Byebye, spam-stream from the class blog!
“: A key talent for innovation is celebrating your teammates who have to courage to fail.”
follow please huge fan man will make my life complete, no homo thou,
ohh, and download Pearescope when you get ahold of an iProduct again!
Thank you. Love it.
Still reading the the third Hunger Games book and my teacher yelled at me cuz I told him wat happened, gave me the evil eye
this caused snorting RT 90% of the time WYEP is made of awesome. Other times it's like:"That's more banjo then I think I can handle."
Happy Flash Friday!!!!
Mark, you are very welcome. I am looking forward to learning more about you and reading your tweets! Have a great weekend.
I don't care for Censorship. #FCC #MPAA not a fan..
Thanks for the RT! You're a good friend to me.
Sidebarh Volunteered 4 today teaching computer skills to snr. citizens. The lady I was helping (PhD, UES-sider) was hilarious!!
Quoting from the 1st quarto, "Screweth this."
oh and btw , those sony headphones you made me buy broke...should have just gone with the bose
It was my pleasure! Anything for you guys!
U darn skippy RT wow! I can see and shouting through the phone... wow! Look at GOD...
I eat bucks and shit change. You lookin like a shinny new penny right about now!!
I want Pauly D to follow me . Can someone help me ? XD
what did you do?
Back from the WH. Crowd probably around 2-3000 mainly students. Lots of TV crews. Looked for Maddow, but only ended up finding Geraldo.
Good god this brownie is rich
aw man! I can't get there fast enough. :/
Yeah me too. Lol RT : I know it was bothering me lol
Does anyone have a tap recorder?
yeah mondays are rough! hang in there!!
asdfghjkl D: "baby please don't go if i wake up tomorrow will you still be there" ? ;)
On my way to the studio, looking forward to releasing my EP of 5 songs this summer. =-)
Ah im crying floor seats concert
A 2012ComNegrini A
Rest In Paradise Adam Yauch #MCA #BeastieBoys sad day in
Mostly Bulls fans at the game tonight. This is going to be painful.
It was time to move on. Too much commuting, and I'm not one for regular work weeks.
Yep! It was the "tight jeans" onee :P ♥
Kahn is amazing in this movie. Introducing the wife to the Star Trek cannon. This is a good film to start with!
it's me your radio friend, Doug, from Mix 92.9, stalking you now on teh Twitters
better than last year but still long way to go
How are you dear?
That girl toya she got the best Ora
The exhibition is up! Come by and browse—591 Broad St., Newark. Then see you May 12 at 5:30!
Hey cut it out with the spam. Seriously.
Time to clear out this phone...
That awkward moment when your "Friends" dont invite you to something.
RT we was trying to find the garage n decided to run n we both fell... where is the camera when i need it
Schnur: "Somewhere at the government level, there should be requirements for performance targets and transparency."
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow
#OhioWantsAustinMahone!! Tweet me it and ill RT!! Get it trending!! (: #MahomiesHelpMahomies! <3
So if by the time the bar closes and you feel like falling down, i'll carry you home, tonight. got me onto this song 😜
JETS ALL THE WAY TODAY BABY!!!
LOVED going to Phillips After 5 w/ ! The Degas exhibition amazed me!! Great work!
Quelf (it's a game)! Check out this photo from the It's All Fun 'N Games House Party: soc.li/062tcvL
It's here....this #gossipgirl inspired..better be good
watch your head Shane! Lol 👊
How is a casino not trashy? Legal doesn't equal classy.
The way you see other people, is the way they see you
Liam. Please reply. Please. Love u so much. Follow me please? xx :D
Joe needs nap. And ♥s
give each candidate the same amount of time to speak. also, enforce debate rules pls.
One year ago today I first met when I was waiting in line for Wow.
I think he needs to. It would make my life if he does. XD
Having back as an OA would be just too cool.
#SoYouMeanToTellMe Its not butter??..--
#Huguely jury has it's first question after starting to deliberate. Clarification on a legal term.
thanks Frederick! Same in return
what time & where?
#ReasonsToSayAmen my family woke up today
yeah that be awesome!(:
“: Cotto bet not win....if he do, I'm leaving TONIGHT....TONIGHT!!! -_-”twitterlies
I am already excited! so just let me get the hashtag ready
haha i hate essays>.<
lol True that!
People who make parody accounts of famous people are so bad
you could be touching a ghost dick right now and you don’t even know it
Hope the Lakers get some sleep and energy..They are going to need it to beat OKL..Go Lakers
Can't stop editing, this movie is going to be so much fun!
Ever heard the saying "Innocent until proven guilty." Well there you go. That's why. Lol. Also, a process. >_>
This is seriously the best date I've ever been on.. Thanks !
haha! I am sure speaks Spanish...haha. It's all good! :)
LMFAO I LOVE MY GUYFRIEND SO FUCKING MUCH HE KNOWS ME SO WELL OMG
Sadface. Are you feeling better?
Welcome Maya! And congrats !!!!
Wake up RT : its goin be a long night, I'm already tired and we getting dougie tonight for bday!!!
Van still broken down in jersey. Now walking about 4 miles back to the service station. Fun.
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor? - Bill Watterson
me too! RT : I'm attending the #ASAE Women's Executive Forum session The Resilience Advantage today. hope to see you there!
Happiness is me waking up without back pain! heres to hoping!
hahaha. whatever! Yeah we can! :)
Your controlling ways<<<
you're amazing. would love to try your food one day.
looking for a good chocolate chip chocolate muffin #recipe... got one? send me a link!
I think is pulling an all nighter because of Easter!?!
Was Diane Keaton drunk on Colbert last night??
#followfriday my direct marketing gurus:
do a freestyle to future's turn on the lights...one of the dopest beats out right now
What part of the cow does #bojangles use to make a "steak" biscuit for $.99? I think Bo knows hooves.
From writing business plans to brainstorming new ventures I know we have the right stuff
Should I not admit that I get the Real Housewives reference that is making right now? 'Sup ?
Think it's too late ta worry bout RT Do you think rose city building should have been demolished for parking lot or preserved?
yep! Visiting family prob 🌇
my pleasure
The garbage truck driver just checked me out and said hello. Can't decide if that's better or worse than some of my EHarmony matches.
Lol. I see ya big timer. If you run 3 miles without stopping then you are on one!RT : 5k run... That's nothing Lolol
Im so tired of this bitch ass car! Can't wait till its done so I can have all the attention I need right now
Nothing lol RT : Hm I wonder who can guess what I'm doin in PE... AGAIN
Ha!! Don't be scared!
can't wait to see u guys! Did Maurisa pass along my email yesterday about sing like Carrie Underwood contest?
C'mon. Just do it. It's fun. You can't get in trouble for just one small blossom, right?
oh andy...
After this weekends work schedule I better have all of race weekend off
May 16th 2012 is the day they free my homeboy YB aka "Byron Bars" its been 2years my nigga and u kept it 100 for all of em
Now that I have a mustache and cut my hair off, I look like this emoji right here --->
Absolutely nothing...LOL!
. hey Zach, you are welcome. I'm well. I hope that you are too!
props to Liddi
#Boston Worst wants you to know who the scum bags are in Boston. Are you being bullied in the workplace. Dm me and I will expose them.
school's keeping me busy. glad it's over in 3 weeks! this summer should be interesting. how are you doing in your classes?
A huge negative number multiplied by a huge negative number equals an even huger positive number.
Can't sleep. 12am. Goshh! Gonna try and sleep!
follow me and hit me up on reverbnation.com/mikeepresha
Word of the day is jerk!
I got Boyfriend on repeat.. This isn't healthy..
I just have to make it thought #midterms this week and then it's off to Jamaica!
why can I not bring myself past the procrastination stage?
Titties and beer... thank dale he aint queer. 1st verse from the first book of dale
I'm at Monkey Bar (60 E. 54th St, Madison & Park, New York).
ooh, Sounds fun but I bet will be crazy packed!
Is tonight the night Ricky Williams breaks the 10,000 yard mark?
yup. You're already flattering. Wins with me. :)
What the hell?
Kissing someone you always wanted to kiss >
somebody bring me a plate to my job ! i know somebody mom cooking Good Dinner ! in voice
Time to unfollow people that don't follow me
Schools almost here... NO! D:
Joan Jett to My Fair Lady. This is why and I are friends.
Today would have been legendary trumpeter Maynard Ferguson's 84th birthday. Still missing him. Happy Birthday Boss!
One more long day before Andy's back. Can't wait!
I LOVE ROC ROYAL
good idea! Thanks!
Thanks for the
Is there anyone who reads my tweets and is willing to respond to them??
I remember seeing something about that on the Facebook page. Congrats! Anything new and exciting in your life?
I just see a lot of inconsistency in folks slamming Google for this stuff that routinely trust their private data to others.
“: #Capricorn can have a real IDGAF mentality.” true that.
I need to go shopping. All my clothes are too big on me now.
The school year is almost done.. Pretty much survived freshman year .. 1 month left
I'm about ready to be famous.... Who is with me? :)
#Motivation RT : "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
It should be illegal to be up at 4:30am.
Good Moaning ;))
Thanks too for the baked goods and Sister Misfit for picking them up! Thanks especially to the Moving Castle for hosting us!
Guy friends are the bomb! They're hilarious, cool, fun to hang with, no drama... until you start to like one.
Heyy guys im back!
Hire people who are better than you are, then leave them to get on with it . . . ; Look for people who will aim for the remarkable!
Headed out for the weekend soon. Happy Mother's Day to the Mom's out there!
Mcr was the best show ever!!! The Best!!
Writing, writing, writing!
lets get get get it!
Portland needs its own Crime Drama show like #NCIS #CSI or
I'm a Senior in College. Thank goodness I made it now running to the finish line. GRADUATION Dec 2013
Red is grey and yellow white We decide which is right and which is an illusion.
So much pain, but So worth it.
LADIES SIGN UP TODAY FOR THE EROTIC .com and I will waive the 20$ registration fee for info 310-806-2123
Awesome! Nope, haven't been there yet. :-)
"Just a small town girl?" You are a divine creature of God ..Special in every way!
not scrawberry hair BOL. Werk Bit I'm coming to the ATL Memorial Day weekend. I hope we can meet.
Happy pop punk Halloween!!
RT : Bring your musicians' ear to #tedxclt on October 15 for the drum circle during lunch.
UWM_Film students, don't forget to submit your projects to and the Student Film & Video festival. Deadlines approaching!
Hm, thinking about covering another sick tune ;)
#YoMommaSoFat when she gets on the scale it says "To be continued."
I look forward to your response. Enjoyed your tweets from the #BBEconDev roundtables. Wish they had been podcast.
#beer vibe for the day Grays Oatmeal Stout.
Bills are paid but no creative juice for the studio!
going in like a Fri on #bootybounce If ur feeling what's on ur radio right now make sure u got us on Fri morning!!
When a guy walks by and smells good.. oh sweet jesus come back .
Rain = No Customers!
Okay, after two weeks, here's where I'm at: #MadMan is just a flat-out boring show. #TheKilling, on the other hand, is f-ing riveting.
Me too, isn't it awful? I can't imagine anyone realizes their random web surfing habits are being broadcast to the world.
just finish hearing song #SparksFly and song #CallMeMaybe is steel in my head..Can't stop singing it :)
I once had an awkward moment, just to see what it felt like
Omg work
it was a great time! Thanks. Love us all
“: wats hap'n at Loca tonite?” drinking and dancing!!!!!
there might be value in that deacc'd thing for digital use.
haha teenage guys crack me up
It would be so cool to be a mermaid.
We will :)
I'm glad that people in Columbus like to stay fit but why do they all have to stay fit at the exact same time at my gym??? Lol.
the ones on the third page
Thanks! Now back to drinking :)
is collecting gently used or new swimsuit for 2nd graders in the Learn to Swim program. Bring them to the front desk. Thx
Nah i mean you lol cause you were watching it XD
I'm sorry sweetheart. I hope you recover and feel better soon! HUGS xoxo
Fake texting - A way to avoid socially awkward situations.
First week in new office. We have a ways to go to make it 'pretty', but WOW is the functionality better than before! I am so pleased!
Omfg cryting dhsshaasjsfnc I can't. :''''') gonna see my 16th. Just need tickets now.
I got the yellow fever, I'm into oriential chicks -Cade
Salon Marketing has changed in the last few years, have you changed your plan?
Starting from April 16, NTD is available to the Greater DC metropolitan area via WWTD 49.2
So much for livin' up senior year .
admission: $25. admission: $25. admission: ALWAYS FREE!
I really hope you can :)
It was okay, can't tell you really since you have not seen it!!
Marcum is done take him out come on RR
I vote July.
so what's your definition of a box office flop?
Left is Right | A left-right debate emerges in Quebec, and it's pretty bitter - 680 News
ok i need sleep. good night BE SAFE ON THAT MOTORCYCLE. i'm seriously worried.
Your ugly!
#hencethehashtag - new hashtag I invented to enforce the reality of a hashtag..."#whitegirlwednesday is a real thing. #hencethehashtag."
omg are you serious? Misplaced apostrophes REALLY annoy the hell out of me! I should get a life.
Every fucken time !
Alright then, can we measure group intelligence similarly? #NEASC11 Chabris
ur welcome and awh! Thanks so much! Ur so sweet:] I live in NY, u? 💗
out of curiousity(and for cross country #CTaC chat), what do you believe critics do/should do?
That moment when you text someone and they text back like a day later,with a short reply,than you try to figure out what they were doing.
Glad you think so. Rodney is infinitely creative in the kitchen!
I thought all Canucks were like that?
Hey please Follow my friend---> ! Hey porfavor sigan a mi amigo..!!
I need to smoke.
guess it is someone else
RT : US economy added 120,000 jobs in March; unemployment rate falls to 8.2%
Is treating you guys to a good time?
Thanks for following Larry!!
I'm ready 4 the new year to be here! Let's get it!!
my strange addiction....yeah that will out u to sleep.
Damn I forgot about this Houston traffic
“ Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man!”
thanks guys! “: RT : congrats and good luck to Emily and ”
Who's Sasha Grey? I'm married, guys. (yes, btw)
fantasy is one thing, fj is the real deal, 1400 yards this season and 10 tds
Thirsty dudes use this smiley ";)"
Don't be friends with guys who wear those hats with small brims and are usually accompanied by a vest.
Thanks Paul! RT“: I follow because they're real #leaders FF”
Find a quiet cafe? :) RT : It's markedly harder to get homework done when you're in France...
MY BREAST R PERFECT!
I wish you'll die. What a celebration that would be
Got you angry bout this girl Im with in all the magazines
hard for TT to lie if he only ever uses propositions or adjectives, lol
Thanks for the RT. You coming to the Tweet Up?
our newest model
Been good. But Busy. Lots of OT lately. Finally settling down though. How bout you?
would you have it any other way ;-)
I wanna say thank you incase I don't thank you enough!
Pau and Steve Blake really carrying the load offensively.
Very eloquent reply, by the way. Mine would have been very different ;)
Hello world I officially lost it but someday may find it. Went to gym & worked out for hour in pool awesome! Bought bear proceeds to St Jude
I stabbed my hand with a pencil. Now I have a piece of led stuck in it. sixth time to the doctors.
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
as soon as everyone email me back.
Thanks Mark! Just saw the Tweet....I thought I was gonna be busy...now I'm gonna be really busy! Thanks!
that shits gonna be hurting for a week. HAHA
I'm like negative tired right now.
Room is finally clean an they finally fixed my closet so I got to put my clothes all away I really get depressed when Im in a dirty room lol
Looking for some everyday, cool climate Syrah's for $25 and under. Who has some recommendations for me?
Not looking forward to school tomorrow! -_-
Treat her how she deserves to be treated, or someone else will.
Aerosmith has so many phenomenal songs 🎶
The traditional office is becoming less vital to business but the need to collaborate is still a key ingredient; Visimeet keeps it alive.
Are u kidding me?that wired and cool
Haha definitely. Don't follow my lead!
how many people like to breakdance
What u got going? What are u gettin into tonight?
The Exorcist (cuz my Dick puke's green stuff!) J/K LMFAO
you've already heard it... You already heard it before my blood family.... #that'slove
#cnnnye Anderson lets see you swim with Michael Phelps again take it off like Kathy!
this is one of the best videos ever!
i just feel like im doin way better than what the expected me to be doin
Password has been changed because Twitter detected hacker activity. Don't follow links that say "read bad whatever about you".
Sorry for the delay. We were trying to confirm things on our end. But, as is, the event is now being postponed until the Fall.
I think they should have more Friday games during football season.
This day just keeps getting better and better.
of course , but I skip sometimes
Mate, if you choose to lock your heart away, you'll lose it for certain. <3
Hey, thanks for the RT!
O that was Rita Moreno in #SinginIntheRain?! Small role or maybe I just missed more of Zelda's part...?
Chris is conspiring to create the best Muse of all time. Muse2012#
psssssh nobody hates him! He's too badass! :D
Q for Register Pallante: Where does Section 108 reform fit within the larger goal of orphan works legislation?
Getting an early start to head out to speak at Youth Motivation Day in Atlanta!
Welcoming our newest members: Winirichardsfletcher & Josephjohns
Booksellers are the most valuable destination for the lonely, given the numbers of books that were written because authors.
That makes since!
He's my lucky charm. :-)
im fine my ear hurts
Are they all tweeting from their ipad 3s??? Have a blast!
will do, thanks a bunch
: These sound SO good! I must try to make them - for the Vitamin C, of course. ;)
Now that's an enthusiastic god morning! Same to you...enjoy the day!
How i've learned of Katz's oevre: through seeing his work in every print and drawing auction everywhere.
Hi All, We would love to share this with all of you and weI hope you will send it along to all your friends... please read on. We have a li
People who are always In need of attention
Hey im at the White Plains Mall in the foodcourt and have no idea what to eat any suggestions
Feedback about my new wallet from my left butt cheek is not positive.
I got 32 followers today O.O
Eh, ya gotta grow up sometime! lol Bad enough my wife's Grandfather called me Kracker until the day he died! :)
The Rust Belt Revival: What's Happening in Detroit ://www.details.com/culture-trends/critical-eye/201204/rust-belt-revival-detroit-michigan
RT All the Army SM programs are integrated in a coherence marketing message. People can find message where they are.
Now we need to work on the Equal Pay Act. ~Vice President Joe Biden.
NOO!!! No nutella!! WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO EAT PANCAKES WITH!?
Is this Clippers comeback really happening??
jake gyllenhaal as aaron rodgers. Practically spitting image.
I had a wonderful mothers day.
Dragon Age II I think LOL, but I take forever playing too many games at once.
Thanks for thinking of me, Queen! I needed that check-in today from one of my fav human rights and social justice sistahs!!!
Youre welcome! You do too! RT Thank you for the gift!! You simply rock!!!!
J. Carl Cook~ Minor surgery is surgery someone else is having.
Good Morning Adorable Alex<33., your mad cute{x
Dude my printer doesn't have ink anymore. What if your mom takes us to office max? Or have her take you to school.
done & done!
sick bitch
Sweet! Bocks rock!
Waiting for my sandwich, should of called jimmy johns. This is taking too damn long
This is going to be the sixth time that i've walked through the media center. I'm such a hoodlum when I have time to waste
i just got my order in 8 minutes, which leads me to believe they are employing sushi-making elves in my basement.
Industrial steel mill area I walk thru every night on break looks & sounds like Lynch's ERASERHEAD. Hissing machines,clanging metal audible
Are you playing in Minneapolis anytime soon??
People Lie About Everything ^o^
"People are as happy as they make up their minds to be" Abe Lincoln
this is usually when I'm writing a block argument for one of my own methods, so there is no preview yet.
Best of luck with the special!
May need to give Rift another try next week. New PC parts coming for super-rig! 3 years since last upgrade... i7 2600K 8GB
Keep on dreaming, even if it breaks your heart <3
cook an 8 course meal and bring it to me... lazy and hungry
people that go to my school <<<<<<<
*light shut off in the room* NO AJ!! I don't want to cuddle!!
Man I forgot where I was. They're getting it cracking outchea for drinko de mayo.
Friend: "I wasn't even that drunk !" Me: "Dude...you asked your girlfriend if she was single."
Yea yeah, well who knows...Maybe watch paint dry with a bottle of wine or something.
What the hell #Packers????
#FF & I's favorite local news team!
Ambassador Duty at the reception for the 2nd Annual Inclusive Excellence Completion at Daniels. Congratulations to all the teams that compe…
Niggas need 2 grow tf up!!! Like i have no further words for this ish
sup im feeling gud too lol
Order sent to Samantha in NH!
naw you scooped that hoe, cuz I left it down stairs an wasn't there when I left. So I got ya now nigga.
NONONONONooooooo let me walk this one off !!!
Who is currently using a #dating #matchmaking service, either online or off? We want feedback! Talk to us #single friends
what is the number one New Years resolution that we all make and are guilty of breaking?
Boston? Is he playing in NY?
donuts sounds gah right now
At #OAH2012? Visit UPK Director Steve Wrinn at Booth 223 for a 30% conference discount on books!
i dunno why but you like unfollowed me. did i do something wrong? D:
Spongebob: "Can you hear me?" Patrick: "No, it's to dark."
hey boo
Watching in The Hammer...great movie
Wait what? Why did my twitter background change?
Hi Daniel, hope all is well ~ Tony
as u said.. it can't get lower than this.. don't care much about her, but I care about GA =D
#SportingKansasCity fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Montreal #SportingKansasCity)
Man must be lit! I told her some devastating news and she replied with : Yayyy! 😳
I will discuss education reform with Lou Dobbs on at 7:30 tonight. Tune in!
Ohmygosh , i seen your videos on youtube, you can sing! like seriously! I love singing too(:
I think it's funny that people are complaining about Diablo I servers, having a decade+ of Blizzard track record to shape expectations.
Thinkin I'll watch me some basketball!!
"My hunch is that principals and teachers know the most ..." so says Gov. Jerry Brown.
those people who look like they've never taken a shower. <
Now you may relax, now you may concentrate, now you may focus, now you may anticipate.
Jim Palmer is breaking my heart right now.
Christmas comes early for children in foster care - Gainesville Sun
Is it 9:30 yet? I'm tired.
Thanks dude!
kids/music/work. We drop a new mixtape 5/29/12 called Commencement. We been workin really hard on this one !
Captain America went H.A.M.
If you're drinking a beer out of a punch top can, you're the douchebag in the room.
Agreed! RT : Just saw that group walking down Wisco Ave. Looking good.
Once you lock it, it's OK. It's easy to operate.
That was all and 's show. Glad you enjoyed!
its a little past christmas time but i,m sure I could get him to dedicate another cover to ya :)
that's what I thought.. damn haha
Just because it isn't "ok" doesn't mean it isn't true. Not for or against anyone in trial, just pointing out.
haha honestly I wanted to send u one cinco de mayo but well u know the story 😲
Who won the award for hottie of the week? The results will be posted this evening on wherethehottiesat.com
i wanna see it(:
Twitter has been messing with me and I haven't been able to post in over a week! I promise to share more good stuff soon!
Skype would be great. What age students do you teach?
thank you god for another day <3 =]
Sorry I haven't been here lately. I am in Ohio still doin' music and voice overs. More music than VO's. #voiceover #VO #voice over
They were awesome D: I wish I was in the pit when I seen them though. I'm going to see them again at Mayhem Festival :3
Check STUFF out tonight, 51 N Sandusky St, Downtown Delaware, OH. P.S. Next weekend is "First Friday" so plan to come back for specials!
I miss you, i miss your smile, and I still shed a tear every once in a while.
Stoked on it too :D
is now IN the airport.
I'm cold just sitting here watching the #Brewers play
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
Being a twatcher isn't a good thing . . . .
Last Friday, I had a bad interview with hiring manager. The hiring manager didn't apply his manager skill. I can't believe it.
I said thinking person's. Not sure how to make that clearer.
When should I start living as if I am a great person? Do it now?
OPINIONS!! :) We're thinking about a new tagline. What do you think about "Wingman: Check in to get checked out"???
Today I find out if I got this job or not. :)
Watching good debate/conversation about Balboa Park future led by the deft on
Hope the #LTDArmy has a great day! We'll be down on the Southside tonight putting up posters for our show at the Smiling Moose on the 24th!
Demolishing my to-do list today, and I haven't even made coffee yet. Amazing!
wat up kid
TUE Dinner Soup Special: Creamy Tomato Soup with Pesto Tossed Pearl Pasta & Parmesan Reggiano Cheese
Top A Studio in California with multiple openings is leading the way on finding a better work/life balance. for employees. Ping for more
Praying for Concert Goers at the Indiana State Fair
Saying "or not" when someone doesn't do something you asked them to do.
If he touches my head again I'm going to slap him...
Blair comparing Dan and Chuck was beautiful writing, though. C makes her the.HAPPIEST.
4:20 FUNNY | What do you call a man who rolls in the leaves? Russell.
Thanks, Broadview, for YET AGAIN leaving us with no internet! You love to pee on your customers!
still a little WOOZY from the emergency landing on Friday y'all. Have no fear though, Ill be back on my feet and raising taxes in no time!
Oh rly how old are you ?
maybe i need someone with a P where you have a V… and who puts out
no... I DO! I don't like that memory.
i c u now we gucci lol
Carrying a thick literature book and a simi thick history book..
I think you're a rarity on Twitter, thanks to the demographics.
Heading out for a meeting, ping me on my cell with the 411 when you have the bandwidth.
3-1 in the wheelhouse and he missed it
What a great video! Might use those concepts to revamp the lesson plans for science... and leadership. Thanks for posting!
lmao! I seen your video on Facebook! Lol i was ctfu!
and I signed
It's #FF Celeb Style. Follow one of my favorite actors ! He's trying to reach 100k.
lol then take yo ass to walmart then...random halllin it's because i miss you lol
sleepy sounds in A minor piano improvise with clawhammer banjo
no stop
New topic - EM-5 no IS for non m43 lenses in video mode. :-(
Life still goes on no matter what happens...so always remember to stay strong.
I HATE CompApps class! I'm gettin switched out of CAIII next semester! >___<
Hey Candace, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting some more.
This is some rush hour style traffic... At 1030 on a Saturday... What the hell...
#honestly that bugs me 😁
my roommate is on OKC and has been LOVING the attention lately. she gets awfully annoying with the "Oh, just another msg..."
Cannot stop watching Brit comedy Peep Show on Netflix... Haven't laughed this hard at a show in ages!
Am I the I'm the only one in DC without Memorial Day weekend plans?
RT : Ann Rhoades to Deliver Keynote at WorkForce Software's Vision 2012 Event: LIVONIA, MI, Jan 05, 2012 (MARKETWIRE ......
Yesterday I cared so much. Today I don't give a fuck. Tomorrow I'll probably care again.
#FF #FF For all your auto repair needs!. He's an awesome tweep.
Rockin out with Bucky at Helen C for perhaps the last time ever. Might challenge him to a headstand contest for kicks.
The next chapter in the Great American Love Story... A Fashion project in Los Angeles, CA by Prospect Denim. Not only do they want to...
looking forward to the SIG tomorrow. See you there.
What's the texting app for in class participation that was on display at the lunch thing this fall?
uh oh I heard you did some work with :D
Hi, Sharon. I will have a glass of wine, but not at First Friday. I'll toast you afterwards, if that's okay. Heal & rest!
Desire...hope...nd faith keeps me...
: I needed an outlet for the stories in my head...and a bit of encouragement from my English professor. What started it for you?
Louise Penny is Canadian... :-)
Thanks for RT :)
Certainly doesn't sound live.
Whatever happened to Baby Jane? Baby Jane pulled a lebron.
It's tomorrow morning and we're stoked!
It appears that way 4 sure. 2 bad. RT : Joel Osteen will never commit to anything because he's standing on the 5th playing it safe.
Mahomies: "Hey Austin" Austin: "Hey" mahomies: "Are you a fast runner?" Austin: "no. Not really, why?" Mahomies: "GET HIM!!111!!!1!!1!!"”
can you handle it? Dance party on repeat!!!!
I enjoyed Quantum of Solace too
Newest #Groupatic followers!
I really liked Patrick Swayze that's very sad news. May he RIP he will be greatly missed.
What yo man dnt no won't hurt himRT My boyfriend gone & I want sex! This isnt right!
- Glad to hear from you. Will definitely look you up for lunch in the near future.
"I tried this one with my pants on with our old dog, Winchester. But he wouldn't sit still, and he died a month later."
My pleasure! Hope u have a great week!
Oh, okay. This is how it's gonna be? Half falling in love with someone while skyping in a bubble bath and drinking beer. FUCK.
That moment when you're walking home and you realize you're sweating..
Would you follow me please? :) much love from Indonesia <3
#Thank you all for the #follow... keep #following and also stay updated via www.akwasifrimpong.com
lmao you're just as bad sometimes bro
RT : you did not disappoint, we'll be back again for sure. you're 'black magic' cocktail, especially delish.
can you put my name in you bio please (:
Thank god for craigslist. It makes getting sold out M83 tickets for me and my gf so much easier
I see you sitting up front!
Jealous! RT : I love that it's 10:30 on a Sunday night and is packed with people.
": F*CK twitter jail though !!" fuck regular jail too¡!¡!
please do not attempt to purchase anything on site. We are still under construction! orders placed will NOT be fullfilled.
Well, you say you love me then and go and ask out my best friend yea okay whatever!!! (i cant wait forever) I thought i loved you E.S
thanks dude
Next tattoo quote ideas anyone? I don't have any #selfishmachines lyrics yet.. (:
Hey if you can read this tweet you've been blessed like me to see another Sunday be Sundays best today!
that would have been too much... *pause* ...actually, no. It wouldn't have been.
now=no hahaha
RT : The men and women who have made the greatest difference in history were the most focused (please retweet)
HUGE #SO to for supporting
Still need to finish 5 books to meet my reading goal for the year. It'd be easier to make it if I didn't have PeskyDayJob this week!
i forgot it was valentines day bc i have no gf its like strange to forget that holiday but idc ive never celebrated it
Here goes nothin'.
From Osceola, WI spotter: 1.03" rainfall over the past hour. also noted water standing in low lying areas on roadways.
win big lose big. just dropped 120000 in one hand.
let me know what happens! :0
Make this dream the best I've ever known
Check out my page
To be honest with you, the main barrier is fear: fear that something we spent years crafting will be stolen and earn nothing.
Alright Bruins. Enough of the bullshit and score a fucking goal...
EPIC, EPIC, EPIC fail by City. EPIC.
let me turn that around come see me ;)
Ok goodnight everyone
My KUP contest on FB winner: If one UNDERSTANDS another's situation, they will practice KINDNESS and PATIENCE with them...human or furry!
I dont like fueling the fire but
HAPPY BIRTHDAY mali! Love you, miss you! 😘🎉💝
Good Morning! What is new in Brandie's world? What is your latest travel plans?
you got my vote!
At Logan Airport in Boston waiting for flight, had a great time at #scms12 and great to see some many friends at USC party last night
I don't know that there is a list of supporters other than the organizations mentioned. Thanks
Go Skins!!!
Thankful for all the things I have and don't have
I'm sorry you're mad. It's just because I'm better than you, isn't it?
A big thank you, to all of you who voted for my in NC primary!!
Small circle = less problems ...Big circle = bunch of bullshit.
True! And there are already so many daily deal apps. But maybe not in Belgium...
Yes, will make sure I leave early enough on weds to get Jack
Had fun with my buddy deya tonight but time to go to bed has arrived nity nite
Giveaway time! First person in the Valley to message us gets a free 420 Yummy! (must have Dr. Rec. and California ID)
Friends:Only noe a few things about u Bestfriends:Can write a biography of your whole life saying every embarrasing thing!
Most boring parody ever. They just sit there!
#ARathlete look for #nikestrobe really cool stuff that will make you even better than your competition
Used Firefox, just for grins...still stinks. What happened to you? So happy #Chrome exists!
much thanks!!!
stp putting them dirty magic sticks in ur month & u want hv that problem
so our neighbor is jeremy lin?
welcome to twitter. Lets get some followers.
Learn About Your Weight-Loss Options
check dms kenny
TRAFFIC: Crash Regent Street @ Park St - 2 cars involved
DirectTV doesn't carry the channels I program so I can't pay them.
MachineUSA that christmas video was sick good. You should go actor asap.
your music I love so much your AMAZING!!
left the house did some runnings then headed to gig. Will b back after my hit. Look out 4 it LATE 2nite.
i totally agree with you. Alot of my early influences were 80's guitarists. EVH, Slash and others.
Love you Aaron, but my fantasy team could have done with just 3 TDs instead of the 5...
The Sitter is a funny movie . (; <3 aha
It's on this leave her mentions !
Dear your #Tysons #AMC has all their automated ticketing stations down on opening night of a major blockbuster.
If you cheat on a girl that's willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself out of true loyalty.
Thats the sweetest tweet I've seen from you in while! :P
I don't love "incentivize"...
you will lol [:
Oh ... heh ... my cultural capital has been depleted. :-)
#np Turn To You
: JZ's not tending tonight!
kay. hurry!
other #highered investments/goals: "making American Opportunty Tax Credit permanent" & "2x funds for FWS"
Baltimore Maryland local news headlines from WBAL TV Baltimore
Nothings Free in America. Hustle and Grind
SCHOLL: "... what I believe to be a life-changing opportunity for me. I won't let you down."
I have no idea what you are eating but it looks very disturbing.
Speaking of, you better man up for some long drives in July. Dallas is going to SLAY!
Just finished an essay on a book that i watched :l
My heart's a stereo. It beats for you so listen close.
haha :) I miss you!
you in AZ YET?
Thx to for your efforts in the Restock the Pantry campaign. Donations are needed all year round!
ah. Well, its midnight here and im working the graveyard shift
yay I got my follow back thanks love ya now how about that favorite drink love your song it's my ringtone
Playing with at Taps and Tapas tonight in Nashville.. hope you can all make it out!!!!
You realize you don't have an umbrella right when the sky goes pitch-black at 8 AM & lightning hits Lake Michigan.
Of course!! My mother, who loved LOF & is v crafty, has sent me many many suggestions! This will be my bookish hostess debut! ;)
that's what I like to hear ;)
Just cause its mothers day dosent mean I'm your slave....
Guess who stalled out on her way home from work???? Not the first time and it certainly won't be the last
Got a boyfriend lecture from my Grandmas nurse Trina...
girl we will be looking mighty fine! (:
oh how cool :)x
Suggestion – Fifth, Speak about the city or even the specific location of the event.
So let's hear it! Start dropping names. Or maybe just initials, so we can guess. :)
