Oh really, care to share why it made it to the DVR? I always enjoy superhero cartoons.
eli is so annoying! im a diabetic and i woke up late so i had to grab a pop tart before i lagt and he tried to take it..
But now that I am on.. Anyone wanna help me write a song? :D
Refs trying hard to keep the Heat in the game.
People who can't hurt you phisicly, sure know how to hurt you with words
GO THERE!!!!!!!! RT : #saythat RT : is seriously the most anointed worship leader ev!
I can't wait till May 19 when Champions League invades regular white people FOX.
Nice to meet you Lisa, and thank you for the compliment , loving your work!!!!!!!
I have a #perfectbody haha just kidding :)
c'mon watch the hockey playoffs!!
hired a new attorney - Beth Otero - starting in a few days.
Awww Sis we luv u I just thought see needed a vacation after all dat :-( So don't be made at ---->
hahah i'm doing the same thing, so oddly entertaining
So full! End of the Year work party was great! Maybe shopping now?..
Travel to the world's best restaurants - Travel Blog | Best Vacation ...: For the third year in a row, Noma restaurant has taken firs...
Digital repositories; International exchanges; Connecting with government via social media...all on tap for Feds at ALA this June in DC
still don't know who ur talking about lol
hahaha Oh Yeah, Lemme Tell Ya ;)
same here lol my friends thout i was spoiled because i met my insperation
Just overheard someone explain how "metro minutes" in DC are not the same as real minutes.
I'm guessing our boys celebrated in different ways!
This has been the best couple of weeks of my life. Blessing are coming to pass. God is Amazing
RT : Oh hey Arlington
It hard given up the preson you love the most it even harder not talk'n to the preson you love the most
Just left #Lakers locker room, talked w/Gasol and heard from others. Such a contrasting aura from #Nuggets, powerfully confident, yet quiet
Philly, run, run, run. Interested to see how Boston reacts.
Yes, I had Joe throw 52 times in SEA. And 52 doesn't ring a bell to any of you Ravens fans? Well, it was to honor Ray Lewis.
When my dad blasts his real mexican music in the car <<<
does it have anti fog lens for sauna use?
which also makes us cooler than everyone else.
I have no particular political stance, but I do believe that Newt Gingrich would make a great parade float if fully inflated.
minor car issue... was looking my own Red Subaru Outback and not for rental Silver Ford Explorer... oops
Lots of shoppers East Madison , I love the added self check outs
Where's.my.droid.me! I.love.you, hopefully you can make it over here for Florida Georgia, its going to be epic schlitterness!
I spin around in my spinny chair for like twenty minutes at a time when I'm done it feels like I'm really high on weed hahaha
Good Morning...I am out...
Library is closing for the day, but I've got a huge piece of librarian rum cake to take home with me.
"SWAG you're it!" on about Hello, World. We Are, Long Beach State!!!!!
Yeah! Looking forward to January and more Bond.
please don't wear it..lol
Accidentally destroyed the handbell piece that I wrote on Sunday; now writing a new one using what I can remember. Cest la vie.
Tech moving so fast, annual trends don't help. Focus on principles-connections not impressions, stories not content- & roll w/tech
Thanks dog -.- I worked hard to get this :/ RT : A skinny guy with a 6 pack is like a fat chick with tits. It doesn't count.
Ok. Guitar and this serenade in Spanish is getting me all sorts of together.
Ohh my goodness! That made my day (:
I think of you every time I hear "wise latina "... don't know why... ;)
Done with Spanish homework, now French *sigh*
Wednesday Wisdom: “To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” - Buddha
6 more minutes until NOT YOUR KIND OF PEOPLE by comes out in the USA! First album in 7 years, absolutely excited
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience, and that is not learning from experience. ~ Archibald MacLeish
You cant pay child support
Being sick and not being able to sleep ... Worst combination EVER
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :)
LOL. u followed me at some point. sometimes twitter deletes follows.
I'm drowning in the well of my sins & my selfishness.
OMG! were in the 400s!!!!!!! thank you thank you thank you, i love u guys so much:)<3
BTW - what do you think of G+?
We must see your little brother!
Me: I want my kids to play a cool sport like soccer or lacrosse. Adam: yeah, or like color guard. Me: ...no
what's it about? Even though I secretly think its a porno
#sschat, first time at this, does it get easier to remember the tag?
Used them back in 2005 - scarily easy to use; can understand how people got in trouble
Doing good :) we are ready for some diva dust! RT how are you and why are u laughing? do tell!
I LOVE U
cool beans!
I have some instrumentals I'm gonna crush this weekend.
RT : guess which beloved superhero goes on the internet and anonymously shits on people? answer: none of them. so why do you?
I have Time Machine, Ice 9 and Satchurator in my pedalboard. Also using JVM410H. Sounds fantastic!
I'm taking my ass back to sleep now. I was waken up out my sleep.
No kidding. We could be the home of start-up CEOS and potty humor
Check out the New Museum on Bowery st and the Tenement Tour museum on Orchard st. Have fun!
"he doesn't work because he has a sofa, love seat, and recliner."
ideally, you should stretch before and after each workout. if you can't do both, then make the after stretching a priority
that's what I'm saying.... too! & if it is an April fools thing well.......NOT FUNNY! ewwwww
Day 29 with out a cigarette complete. Fuck you cigarettes.
I'll be back, getting ready to see my babys!!!
Been vegan for 2 months. will be next to ben's tonight at the lincoln for tyler p's prescreening via bwpg. veggie chili dog, here I come!!!!
"In nine games, the San Francisco defense has given up ZERO rushing touchdowns." Damn.
I have some great ppl working with me to make this show incredible. So Grateful!!!
I do not have Facebook anymore but you can hollar at me here though! ;-)
LaHood says he's never seen a more partisan DC in his 35 yrs. "The only thing they can agree on is naming a post office."
Can you say "Standing Up on an Empty Train" I am sore know wonder Pilates girls have small bubble butts... Not me LOL
In general, "soar-ee" for "sorry" is more Canadian and most common in Americans who border that country.
-- it'll be okay
is this like the rooster that doesn't exist?
It's like we're synced up, like women get with their periods, but instead with blistering rock and roll.
I'm pretty excited. Working on my first draft for the new blog. Hope to have it up tomorrow.
If I was president, I would go to Congress every day and just DARE them to stop clapping before I made it to the podium.
Central Florida has a history of racial antagonism & inequality. Time has changed the area but not the people.
Oh my
Previously was only really invested in Raylan/Boyd, but it's working almost as an ensemble right now. So many good characters.
Well I'm not going to gripe ab calls, bc we aren't going to get one all night.
We enjoyed being on your farm on Saturday. Looking forward to the next one :)
ru and the Donald still talking ? Exchanging gifts this year? What is is hair like after a shower?
u mean to record?
And his ERA would make a great K/9
I need bendy wire... but WHERE THE FUCK do you get it?! -.-
We are in our new digs! Awesome new space in downtown Seattle.
is my new favorite person on Twitter. He cracks me up! Love him on #TheVoice. For a good time, follow Blake!
Don't be a dumb vampire and kill your friends.
thanks Sissil! Your tweets always make me feel cheerful! Hope your weekend is luscious!
I'm just a regular person.... Sorry I tuned you out after you said regular. Nobody cares for regular.
Changing my major to Shrekonomics.
As with SHAWSHANK....if HOOSIERS is on TV....I am hooked.
This week is a little packed. How about next week?
no time for a league but I am always game for a quick round after work.
Cheers morgan.
I found it!
Out shopping for Hannah's Christmas party tmrw.. This city has more cheesy sweaters than I have ever seen in my entire life. It's beautiful.
My thumb is NOT happy coding today...
The first step in #writing a novel is simply to begin. Sounds simple, right? :)
This Is #jeopardy! Go !
is where its at.
I'm probably just the decoy. :)
I FEEL SO HONORED. LIKE I'M SERIOUSLY CRYING.
probably someone at school. We caught her in a bucket scoop by chance, laying eggs.
“: #StarSignFacts: The perfect career choice for Gemini would be a journalist.”
it's a catchy song
HEY EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY GIRL TO HELP HER GET TO 6K FOLLOWERS TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW TO FOLLOW HER! DO IT NOW I KNOW YOU WANT TO!
My Back hurt like hell tho <<<<
just listening to music n watching music videos n chillen
I had no idea what Temple Run was til you posted this man. Now I'm hooked. 208,098 That's all I got so far...
That happened to me when I read first The Red Queen. On the other side is acceptance and enlightenment. Embrace truth w/o judgment.
lol nope that's your CT accent.
Dear , The next time you stop by you ought to say HELLO!!! Sincerely, Your Disappointed Long Lost Friend
Hey we've been trying to pick up the donation but can't seem to catch u. Will u be at the gathering at the SPCA Friday?
so I'm sure you know that James Franco is in Arlington....nobody will take me to the thingy.im sad :c lol
HEY I JUST MET YOU!!! AND THIS IS CRAZY!!!
Today only!! Buy ANY loaf of bread, get a baguette FREE! AS WELL AS buy any 2 croissants get the 3rd FREE!!
Yes, those are the things we are practicing today - new guides always like to look at things they are talking about!
I have an audition tomorrow!!!! yay!
i love funny fat guys
We just observed the birth of our first butterfly here at aMuse! We can't wait for more Painted Lady butterflies to arrive!
Halloween is soon! How are you celebrating abroad?
Have you uploaded our newest version? We were experiencing some upload bugs, but they're all fixed now. Give it a shot.
RT : I'M GONNA BE SEEING AT THE SPRINGLE BALL IN A MONTH. ♥
So it seems I got hacked... Hopefully no one is spreading rumors about you
oh makes sense LOL same at my school(kinda)
#FF - because we both like quoting movies
Nothing serious!
Angry Words You Don’t Hear Anymore…” I Shall Thrash You Mightily.”
I shouldn't have any now. My hair dresser doesn't understand how my hair is so healthy. It grows like a wildfire.
Dam I wanna get tatted already!
Rockies 2012 World Series Champs!!!
Just figuring out some important stuff!!!
writing acoustic guitar instrumentals.
Didn't win the lottery...another day of work. Oh well...life is still grand!
Are you ready for $2 Tuesday? Award winning Troegenator Double Bock is just $2 all day tomorrow for 16 oz. drafts. : )
This world is full of hypocrites..
oh iight. haha so you cant do any camps either?
Ha, I'm always freakishly early. RT : My brother works in reverse Filipino time AKA always EARLY! :)
I forgot to get a tie this morning my boss will be on me about this
pace on the phone - I do that naturally LOL
My cousin kassandra like's a guy named pablo!! (; jk! idk who pablo is(x
Please Please Please follow me<3 im trying to get you to follow me in record time! lol it would really help!! love you!<333:)
Took a nap. Dreamt I had so many puppies. Woke up.
Fourth: Aced my ethics final. Oohhh yeaahhh. :D
Happy Birthday Dude!
Psychological fact: The person you can't take your mind off every now and then is the same person who secretly thinks of you always.
Pity your boss. The poor guy has to get up early to see who comes in late.-- Jacob Braude
Yes. they are. sadly. she went over to his house today
I found myself singing along to Paula Abdul's "Opposites Attact" this morning. Not bad but then I did MC Skat Cat's parts. I feel dirty.
I will(: I miss talking to my son (:
Aw. How sweet!
i swear i chose the word boot not steak!
GAB says petitions turned in are 1/3 more than they expected.
Hear us on KTCL Channel 933 tonight during Locals Only. Woop!
DUKES new CD "When country meets DIXIE" is out in 6 days. It swings.
Hope you enjoyed last night's film as much as we did! Thanks again for the heads up. :-)
The word green has found its way into many terms in the English language. If you’re a greenhorn, you’re an inexperienced beginner.
Hoping everyone has a great day...
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate isn't it funny one of your breasts is abnormally larger than the other?
How many clunkers are there in America? If they were traded in before all this, then GM would still be in business & not need a bailout.
Ditto to Durham “: Wow...My boy Jonny Gomes is GONE!!! DAMN, I'm goin to miss him. I wish him and his lovely family all the best!”
ARE YOU A VIRGIN?
...them chicken tacos was hittin. To bad the taste buds and nose are out of commission. Smh... I knew they was bomb! LOL
Haha no problem :) x
Oh, I know I was being silly
#Rhianna should date #LeBron .... He never beats anybody
Hey you how are ya???
Holy crap former NFL'er Junior Seau is dead after shooting at his house
My Weena, is tweeting so follow her, folks! She helped me when I was sick & listened as I cried last weekend.
RT : Its nice to know im being famous by people just being all up in my life, but check it, If YOUR not in it,stay the fuck out. 🙅
…✧ Kings the rings bishh ✧…
": valentines day mlp."
*sigh* feel like I just missed best advice on the #Awarenessinc webinar because (SURPRISE!) 11 minutes were up and there was an interruption
“You are not angry with people when you laugh at them
oh I get it :) haha
The people who Twitter has decided are "similar to" me are three of my favorite people in the world
come eat this week If you have time :)
UFC fight night tonight!! drink specials all night long!!
Saw you last night #Jayceebootheelrodeo it was amazing!! Glad you came! : )
thanks for bringing that to my attention - first person that comes to mind is and she is sitting next to me
People are always frustrating us by interfering with the relationships we are trying to have with them. --Dr. Bernard Apfelbaum
These clouds look super fake!
I have a half brother and many cousins on my biological father's side. I am so thankful that God has allowed this connection!
no like 1% are rude, you don't know anything about us.
sounds better than writing a paper
its cloudy right now in georgia
I am in a clown car full of academics, thanks for the invite!
Polar bear tacos in the HOUSE! cc: and
who are you ?
yo baybee im twitting you from my heart.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day! Hope the MAMs are enjoying #AAD12 in DC!
Two thousand and twelve years since a new civilization erupted. Let's make it last another 2012.
I love clouds too. Is this the real Brody?
Review: Uncharted 3...One of the best games we've ever played.
Kovac's taking a red eye, so I'm leaving early to meet him, 810. See you really soon!
If you liked Independance Day, you will love Battle of Los Angeles!
I'll have to try it. No, I don't believe I have a Beachbody coach...
To help Alf kick his cotton habit, the Tanners invited a support group over and Willie is pretending to have a smoking problem. What?
it's not that hard, you'll get used to it:) haha, just keep pressing the big buttons! :)
how's Marcus? Try any new coffee lately?
ha, thanks, now its in my head too...
If you fall, I'll be there for you -Floor
This is actually kinda cool!
Yeah just saw that. We're all black friends. Hope you could see where I was coming from?
Ready to get into the holiday spirit? Tickets go on-sale tomorrow at 10am for Trans-Siberian Orchestra December 26th at 3pm & 8pm.
10 Facebook Tips - Post embarrassing & unflattering photos of your family members. They love it. Be sure to tag them!
Its tasted like rage... I tossed it. The OJ is tasty.
Very much so. James likes UW a lot are the badgers recruiting him?
New topic - The Sunday BIRD, Volume 7 Issue 48 May 6, 2012
What I really like on #SOTU is that we are encouraged to work together and create the country we want.
What have you been able to create in your life?
Blue Oyster Cult
nice to meet u too :)
man Ive been in school and busy wit life. What bout u bruh?
Happy Mothers Day Friend. Long Time. Miss ya
No where near home
Cold > Hot
The Silk Tie likes John! Ties intrigue us and we are totally passionate about them, we love the little buggers thesilktie.com
watching Jersey shore with momma! excited to see what happens on the new episode.
At the crosby wishing surfy was here
i even apologized, but she wants to kill me
Add life to your days instead of days to your life
A Place To Bury Strangers live at the Mayan right now... A wall of sound envelops the crowd in a smoky haze.
Channeled my classmates today while moderating #Chicago2012 webchat w/ What an honor!
Thanks again for answering the teens' questions about your artwork They're super excited to teach from your piece!
THANKS! you rule the school!
NOT SURE YET! I THINK LIKE MAY 31 st
With less than three weeks until the Iowa caucus, GOP candidates made their last major pitches to voters during a debate on Thursday to p
My car smells like honey Jim bean thanks to and Nkume lol
Good morning
Rise and Shine Everyone!
Smith: says that donors could fund endowed chairs for professors, to the tune of $6 million. But would not be widespread
PSA: Daylight Savings Time ends 1st weekend in November; this year it's Sunday, November 6, 2;00 am. Gain an hour of sleep!
...my blonde-ish hair has made me hyper :3 dattebayo!
just downloaded and and I'm
Sheesh! So much for Sara Errani's winning streak on clay.
Even after noticing my sorry ass mistake sorry doest make it any better
Yeah, I don't remember seeing them much down there. There's not a ton out here now, but in a few days, they'll be all over :(
Nice. RT That's ok. He will now think about this for a while. Ask him what color the full moon is... ;-)
What are benefits of transgressing borders
yes!! then everyone will be jealous(:
Get the details on the Section 184 Native American Loan Program at NativeAmericanLoansNow.com Low rates and NO MIP
Dinner Under the Stars Fundraiser was a HUGE success! Thanks to all involved who made it memorable. Up next, our Bumps in the Night Party
I heard about this company that is good in airport services in NJ <a href="www.mbmlimo.com">Newark airport taxi cab </a>
If the goverment shut down the internet today, would u still have something to do?
How can Midnight in Paris win an #Oscar for best original screenplay when it is a remake of Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure?
A very happy birthday to ! :)
with your bigass coat and two lunchbox lookin ass
from the Chicago area or in general ?
I don't know -- I can scan a blog. Can't do that with a podcast.
RT No disrespect to the movie, but i think we got enough women thinking like men. "YUP and acting like men too! SMH"
does retweeting count?:)
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man, stand close to his main man like a chain gang.
bus #2156 rt 90 finally shows up. Ask driver why he's 20 min late he says "ur lucky I showed up at all!" IDIOTS ALL OF YOU
Had a really fun callback today with Thanks for the opportunity to act!
gotta check
Im such a f'n lady!!
follow and please :D x40
Stuff happens to you, and then there's stuff that you happen to.
dude, don't botch the title. it's "seal goes OINK"
I'm such a foolish little girl.
well I'm impressed already. ;)
“We light candles in testament that faith makes miracles possible.”–Nachum Braverman ❖HAPPY HANUKKAH to my family & friends!❖
Long 45 mph work zone stretch on I-75, with more speedtraps than drivers. Fundraising day for Tennessee, perhaps?
haha I'm just going for the football player cheerleading thing !
Don't overall superficial things and neglect what's really important
much better :) Good luck!
I would hv given u 10 cause u probably looking like a Dime...lol
Today, we mourn the loss of millions of turkeys... may you rest in peace.
Support our local businesses! Eat at Porto & follow us to receive 10% off first class www.superimpactfitness.com
#Celticsnation! Make sure you #followme for the latest #Celtics news and opinion articles!
Cheap Prescriptions - Reduced Costs up to 28% - Costco - Generic Drugs -
As opposed to one guy (you) showering and their roommate (brad) watching him shower.
Thank you Sizzle Chest!
sounds perfect! Let me know when you're back Stateside
Just heard abt so finally checked his songs out on #YouTube. DUDE! He's good! Love the #PumpedUpKicks cover.
I always bring my homework home but never do it
We should totally do the eyes thing.
I'm such a boss but carry myself like a lady : )
Agreed - love the idea of the statue, really don't like the statue itself. I'm more a fan of the Mr. R dino at WQED. :)
Antonio Cromartie should seriously consider signing a new contract soon. He's got somewhere in the range of 10-17 kids to feed.
Probably. The line between quotation and original content was unclear to me at times.
Free speech is the whole thing, the whole ball game. Free speech is life itself.
hey hey hey
You're too funny. Lol :-)
thanks for your nominations- make sure you spread the word so your organizations can win!!
Followed! ~Sara<3
Did the #badgers defense not make the trip?
Wat u said
what happened the?
#IDidntTextYouBack because I was getting help from rennyplusseve :) Those guys are amazing!
You will be on the guest list. Let me know how many you got coming with you.
I don't believe in love,& im just better at being alone.
beach towels?
I can't go to sleep dis sucks
Love is all we need ;) Thanks Cece!
Good morning, You Knowww! RT : Morning
It's always exciting to work on a new song. Looks like we have ourselves a title track for the new album!
So glad to be going to the doc tomorrow. Ear is really bothering me.
Oh my gosh it is beautiful outside. Meeting blythe for a bike ride in central park :)
this is kaitlyn sorry i got tweet limit -_- so im using my little sis account
Love the new addition of Leandro Barbosa by
Yes Im In Chicago, ILL....
Stop by Firehook Bakery of the National Building Museum for a great pastry!
or use the same materials in all of his pads. he'll need the extra protection
If your going to be two faced at least make O N E of them pretty .
Watch me get hit by a flying Asian carp on KSTP-TV at 4:30. Talking carp with Jessica Miles & what's being done about them in Minnesota.
- thanks for the follows! look forward to tweeting with you!
Dude, didn't even have to click the link... loved Relient K back in the day.
If I walk away.. That means stop talking
Failure to experience is a failure to learn.
The lawyer's name is Mya Hatchette, and she works for a big law firm in Orlando and represents my title insurer.
They mad the kick after to go up 9-16
Money's the leash, drag a bitch by her dog collar
Best comment in this conference: people join causes and leave managers...very important words.
My mommy won't let me be blonde again. :(
You didn't give me a prize :(
Just a Reminder: Visit www.redcross.org or call 1-800-RED-CROSS; people can also text the word “REDCROSS” to 90999 to make a $10 donation.
but they won..
Dedication to 1/2-marathon training was so tested when I woke up at 5am to run 10 miles. So tempted to quit the whole thing. But I did it!!
It is very encouraging to see Mayberry have a good game.
This girl at my church had the nerve to tell me to do something with my hair. Aha, okay.
oh hai... Thanks for the follow one month later. Kewl
and that is why this #Patriots fan is rooting for the
typical launching issues it would seem
rained out softball games
I rocks the Droid son.
I hope Jon Stewart actually stages his "Pope Chooses a Twitter Account" one man show.
Thanks your awesome! Do you have a facebook page we can like?
DONT EVER RETWEET ME AGAIN BITCH!
Heading up to Topanga Canyon to jam with the boys...Gonna pretend we're 20 again and get silly!!!
I never been to Japan it does look like a beautiful place to go visit though
Oh fun! Thanks for the idea. I will definitely be participating.
A very Happy Birthday to ! Hope it's been a great one.
will do
Happy Mothers Day! Gem Gem
The Grammy's Nightclub has a Stargate!
If every watch sold kept a young girl off the streets safe from human trafficking for 3 days- 12 watches would keep her safe for a month.
INDUSTRIAL, HELIX AND LIP. c:
RSVP everyone Amurica Fest 2011 ! We rarely play in Jackson anyone so we want this to be huge!
I don't understand how the police enforcing tresspassing laws is a violation of the first amendment! You made your point, now go home!
Bye Twitter❤
Lights - Ellie Goulding (great song)
I need to cancel my TweetDeck account how do I going about doing this?
who is this attractive female walking around our neighborhood?
Ugh back to school Monday :(
ha a pussy with a pussy lollol
I will be the first to say, that twas not very humble.
NOW YOU KNOW I HOW I FEEL ABOUT THOSE 2 ( other ) CHOICES!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
dude call Kelly and tell her and Travis to meet us at the Flemings on W Olympic Blvd at like 8!
So lack of concern that we (collectively) show 4 troops, saving ourselves @ expense of our souls, will indeed harm us all.
WAIT! Are trucker hats no longer in style? I had never felt more attractive...
LET'S GO MIAMI
what's new lady!
#TwSIG White paper from London SE, Using Twitter in university research, teaching and impact activities. Guide for academics and researcher
no prob Craig thanks for the shout out! We recommend their cookies and cream coffee it's awesome!
Just the mention of a business name can be consider a citation. Name dropping 101: Brag about your rank-ability! ha...but seriously
How many attorneys do you have on staff?
I need to start watching Degrassi again
Which #NYC movie theatre has the best concession stand? No Red Vines or Swedish Fish at Beekman Theater yesterday...
When are you coming back to MIA?
thumbs up, high five, fist bump, and every other American non-verbal congratulation
mcdawg09 yep, half 12. I'll get you number off rig. Meet youthete or you picking me up on the way through?
$2 Taco Thursdays are here! Are you?
don't see it!
All new photos uploaded of Afrexim's latest produsts
On my way to the SF RAW Showcase .... poor is gonna be there before me..... sorry girl.. I need carpool.... lol
haha I wish I could come!! Lol so when is ur b-day??? Mine is July 27!!
Followed :D
#AfricanKidProblems Why do I look like everyone that's in those commercials with Bono walking around handing out water?
What a beautiful day!
tell everyone i say hi!
Fresh Prince is the best way to start my morning 😊
Ah no rooms at the Isle. But plenty of hotels in surrounding area! Shouldn't be a problem!
I'm interviewing witnesses to investigate a new complaint.
Your Valentine will be late, if I send it at all.
your killin it this year homie! Keep it up mang!
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
I wish I could have a Portillo's chopped salad right about now.....
My life is now dedicated to finding gas stations with E-85. How priorities change.
butt tub
Wtf is this on America's got talent!
Line dance lessons start NOW and last till 8pm... Get here and learn to scoot those boots!
Man i never check my voice mail 📩
Getting ready to pitch at #icsf "New Kids on the Block" panel.
it mean i love
real talk!
says, "There's got to be someway to put a sermon in cinematic form." that's how Nooma videos were born.
hah! Good times for sure :)
Well imagine that! They are yours if you want em!
I gave up on trying to keep track. If I get the green light then must've approved.
relocated the money tree to the a room. swag. for lack of better words. :-/
I caught a quick glimpse of this earlier on my FB feed & RIGHT AWAY thought "whoa, looks JUST LIKE KIRSTEN DUNST!" didn't ...
": Common sense is so rare these days. It should be classified as a super power."
Cant say i didnt offer lol i got a definite answer now tho..TIME/REST! good luck
Come on #routers just 3 more followers till we hit 500! Lets go
that doesn't sound too convinciing, friend
ok.. it's time for a new book/series suggestion.. help? loved Hunger Games, True Blood series, cop-type mysteries, romantic thrillers, etc..
Me: I'd like the breakfast croissant combo Sonic: would you like some cheese sticks with that? Me: Um, no.
hey you! follow me!
Set up for Christmas Praise concert tonight w/ Barlow Girl & Rush of Fools @ BRCCC, you should come tonight at 7pm!
sister need to come on so I can shoot back to WM
they spelled impatient wrong!
Glad Earth is still around today and shit b/c that made it possible for me to hear 2 guys at Citgo discuss how death metal vocalists "growl"
Of course I'm talking to you. Wait. What? lol Get ready for Durango!
Come on JENNINGS!
We'll feed you!
I want a graduate assistantship. Just putting it out there in the universe.
Sub 3rd block ;)
im in a dancing mood!!(:
traveling int'l currently so was hoping to catch up on Hulu/USA; guessing economics better by giving TV VOD preferential window?
Just sent out my first release using - Thanks to the for help getting it out! Excited to see the results.
Well, I've been looking from redwood city to sunnyvale. Don't care too much about the train, do want to be West of it.
last summer was the best! All those videos we took..
being called babe >>
So many things to do, so little time.
Hi ! No news?! No email received? Did you check the spam folder?
I think I got food poisoning 😖 I'm sure of it!
I've been saying this whole series the rangers need to put pressure on Holtby with a man in front. That's how it should've been all series.
but then you wouldn't have the joy of reinventing your very own wheel.
the heat needed bible study...wow
I think is probably available.
that's your shit?
well of course!
we far away from miller grove middle school lol
Cop: get out of the car and put your head behind your hands
Your welcome . :)
u gangsta as hell #had 2 follow
My most immediate challenge is that God gave me the gift of gab. Words are my friends & they don't like provocation. Ever clever
- the only person that brings air fresheners to conventions
Thanks! Did you decide when you're coming to PDX??
RT : Grant Park! SummerDance is my favorite with free hour lessons before
#coast2coast RT big fun. Good turnout for a Mon!!
Well, I imagine you'd tell him first. Have an awesome Wednesday!
Happy birthday to my man !!
Today was a perfect day for rowing, and what were we doing? Indoor Rowing for the holiday challenge! Why....
Starting the #7DSD tomorrow with my best friend. She's new to the plan and I'm so excited to help her on the road to fitness!!!
your like the first guy to admit that lol I love huge purses. Guys be like why do you wear those -__-
Hm, I guess just work hard and make your millions and sleep when you are dead.
KAELA channels Kate Moss in her latest shoot with MAGGIE WEST
Maybe you should monitor the news more closely. This story broke yesterday via
where did everyone go?...
cute? The way you look at it, it seems you wanna eat dat ass up !!!
You might as well pay attention. Everyone else gets paid.
is the game rained out?
Guess who just ran into at the mall? This girl! It was nice to finally meet him and the band he's managing.
Are the lupine blooming yet? Such a beautiful sight.
Hold your own ground, then watch the team grow!
Oh you wish you had a good girl to miss you?! Then why do you ignore the actual good girls, & fall for the ones who break your heart?!
when you go to a web development firm's company website and get a bunch of flash block placeholders.
get fambily band back together!
So i get called from a talent netwrk cmpy to bring in my daughter 4 an interview. Thanks, but no thanks.
Ready for the Scottish eps~!? I know I am~!
If I'm assuming the wrong thing w/ the animations..thats my fault also...but get @ me,.making an attempt to get back on twitter
The only time I'm really chill is when I'm on that fire c:
New TIME Magazine cover story: The New Frugality. That should be interesting.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms! You all have the hardest job of them all, respect!
One of the best episodes ever.
Predators still need Hal Gill on these penalty kills
gonna watch Pats game at gym, cheer loud and try to make new friends cause obviously ppl watching football at the gym r cool hardcore fans.
Thank to all who rocked out with us FRIDAY! It was truly an awesome experience for us!
. Quotation Mark Earrings may cause wearer to become a walking, talking "That's what she said" head. (wink). I'd wear 'em.
Great to be back at the AAC! Let's go Mavs...
Mason folks: myMason is back up. Total outage around 15 minutes for this afternoon. ~1 hr for the day.
FYI - I for one enjoyed the story. Not hard hitting news but a nice "inside baseball" story about one of SD young leaders.
4 square should not allow cherry bombs. Not now. Not ever.
If that gay guy from single ladies wasn't gay.... M faaathaaa. Hahaha.
Tebow? Is the Jets strategy to start praying for wins! I am not okay with this.
I have oppinions & options just like you have independence and an incomes .
One of our favorites. RT : No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everyone on the couch.
Just tell the truth, it's going to come out sooner or later..
where was your interview?
someone woke up on the funny side of the bed this morning.
Thanks. Now I've gotta order a new ball to match ;) My old one is teal.
Ready to back on the ocean already
oh. well anyways, i'm cold :S
I really hope so.....2 of my classes are online so that might not be as bad.
It's always reassuring to see a bullet hole in the local mattress store down the street.
Hey come into city early tomorrow & meet up at #TheLab say around 1pm? Cc:
U single YOUNG,WILD&FREE
Now we wanna make him work!
wow...visited rural vermont yesterday, post industrial flat broke town bravely flying pumpkin flags, empty factories w smashed windows...
Follow cuz it might just be the coolest thing you do today.
When you love that special someone nothing else matters and you only see them for who they are no matter what
I decided to follow you for the common good, even though you're a huge buckeye fans, all I can say is !!!!!!!GO BLUE!!!!!!!
On my way to do something!
Thanks for the free cd!! :)
I love how just loves to talk all this shit about me when he doesn't even know the whole story haha always assuming. Oh well!
y'all send okc would beat the Spurs....thoughts?
Good Luck. Run like Seidel.
Watching tv, you? :)
Yes, I use Draw and Tell with a couple of kids.
GRABBING THERE NUTS>>>>
Preciate that bro, I been seein ya hustle too! keep doin it! You know if you need me for a feature just hit me
My Baby Pajamas February Freebie Friday announced later today...
Thanks for NOT inviting me to my own birthday lunch
RT : 4 errors and 11 runs allowed against the worst team in baseball. Completely unacceptable
#PsychoT knows what big games are all about, love it!!!
In turkey I must say this place is rather different just happy to be here
im sorry you have a headache! Day was good. I dyed my hair red.
Love it!
I would love to send you a free bottle of my shampoo to try!
Is it customary to want to cry on your children's birthdays hahahs I don't want him to grow up!
Sauce definitely counts as a vegetable. Don't forget to add pepperoni to get the meat food group in too.
Happy Earth Day.!(:
just got back from my 2nd lifting session... just getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness. ~Eckhart Tolle~
They All got their hands up cus they fuck wit me hands down....
#Nf follow back ma ;)
I mean I still have a whole month of meaningless work to do left lol have fun 2morrow I guess lol
FREE Yoga class tonight ’s Movement Emporium 3309 Bunker Hill Rd. Mt. Rainer, MD 6:30pm. Belly Dance, Yoga, and Hip-Hop all week.
lol...I'll tell you all I remember. I have to admit, I tend to forget the felonies.
ah same and the part i hate the most is i actually live in long island but right now im in california! :(
RT : visit us 3/16 6pm ? SYP will throw out some pizzas on us for the tweetup crowd.
follow back nig
oh god lol
I'm convinced Augie March is actually impossible.
#GoTribe Wish I could goto the Tribe game today!!!
me too sweetness...
is headed to Florida Karting Winter Tour this weekend. He'll compete in Rotax DD2 Masters class. more details to come.
Big yawn....Big Stretch! Sometimes I think I'm part feline...now if I could just find a sunny spot to lay in!
Just says down for Whit Stillman's, Damsel's In Distress.
Has anyone ever seen the movie Zombie Strippers? Asking for a friend...
I don't lie about who I am...
Shultzy's is one of my fav U District places to eat! Their servers seem super nice too - same goes for Big Time.
it's payback time for naming me URSELA !!! wtf.!
hello and good morning all! Remember today is your day you will conquer your destiny you must be determined and give it your all!
“: Uhh I can't sleep ...heading to Chicago in the morning!” YAYYYY!!!!
Stressing over the Shiva Bowl but it'll have to wait bc the Longhorns play tonight!! Hook'em!!!
Another benefit of being self-employed w/a home office, lol!
Tell her I said hello
Want to be healthier? Eat less, move more. We make it more difficult than it needs to be.
Loves 's appearance In the BTR "Music video!" 💗
Why does Adobe Encore hate me? I've been so good to it over the years.
You need to write more often - happy to see new post. Oh, and cheesehead guy says: "Discount Double Check!"
im cleanin up my act little by little .
hunger is taking over
"that dress has seen more red carpets then an Irish lesbian." god I love Joan rivers !!!
Oh, that's so sad. Singing to yourself isn't the same as singing for yourself.
Oh, what time will she be there??
Get off twitter jit
*Merry christmas everyone so I tried the cinnamon challenge & Woo my throat was on fire #Never again *
Great meeting tonight Can't wait for the first week of May!!
I commented! <3 he's amazing!
pull out n kick that b*tch
Fabulous documentary, #Objectified "We have too many unnecessary things everywhere"
I swear this bitch keep talking to me like she stupid all my anger guna come out
dang that nigga got a big head
Good morning!! "All our #dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." ~ Walt Disney
ah! Jealous!! Take lots of pictures! And don't make fun of John Laurinaitis's voice.
Levels in reverse sound amazing! Maybe better than the original version.
I swear we got to see the full range of 70s superhero quality tonight, from worst to best.
if the voice is male is probably jeff. very loud dude on the block. geez. makes you look for the trap door, right?
NH big among the incarcerated & the pre-incarcerated apparently. Would love to know back story. Might track it down.
what tests did they do? I am doing the copaxone too. It's tolerable.
Hasleen Kaur Miss Earth India 2011 denies report that she was detained in Mumbai airport.
...not concerned if God is on our side. My greatest concern is whether we are on God's side. For God is always on the right side. ~ Lincoln
<3 man we have to get him back on sometime this week! So we can express our love!!!
Thank you! I just sent an email! Let us know if you have any upcoming events you need sponsors for!
#followfriday my personal account
Solomon Islands - Solomon Islands - Travel Safety Hub ...
In Situ => In its original place, in position
“: That awkward moment when your boyfriend/girlfriend hates your best friend.” Or when they absolutely love them, more than you
I know the feeling, and if you can hit the water from your office, I used to work at an Olympic sports agency.
I just spent 300 dollars on Victorias Secret website 
Still shocked I spotted across the fieldhouse doing angels in the outfield in his Fresno State jersey.
I am with you! RT : 4hrs of sleep should be enough.
Dear whores, your boobs are supposed to be INSIDE your shirt. Not OUT.
dude tumblr is so hard..
from this morn : No worries.Sounds like those chickens never made it to the boat ;-)
Daylight savings time could not come soon enough. Ready to spring forward!
He is risen!
YES MUMMY YES MUMMY DEAREST! Bring your wire hangers! Giddy Up
I would love to meet you too=)
Arrrr!!!! Eating a bag of Pirate's Booty. This stuff is god.
Good-nite India..Blessings
Ikr I'd be so skinny!
"Fears are educated into us, and can, if we wish, be educated out." - Karl Augustus Menninger
Adam Levine..i blame you for getting Payphone stuck in my head =P
where does a novice begin?
I hate people who lie so much.
I'm hearing on Facebook that Azerbaijanis are being forced to buy Eurovision tickets if they are state employees (including teachers).
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
Who is going to have the better hair at country thunder in Arizona, you or Craig Morgan? ha!
Big Big thanks to all you MKETweeps that came out to support the blood center of wisconsin today #bloodybrunch /via
me! How have you been?(:
Wow, I am really smelling smoke this morning
its game day!!! #whodat baby....
Thanks to for the help spreading the word. think we can get any of the other lawlorffs to help? :)
aaawwww & I wish I Had a dog -_-
Always more boy bands. And they're great with the feelings.
Progress has no party; write in Fenty.
What kind of teacher doesnt't give homework in the beginning of the year but gives the last few weeks of school -.-
When it comes to effective communication, there are certain barriers that every organization faces
anybody up for talking im on my laptop for a good while tonight so lets get to talking
Lol i was the truth though! Some type of blood streaming through our bones RT : lol idk son
Watched The Discovery of Heaven with Odd but interesting.
I know. It was good to see you also!!!
So What's The Difference Between Just Friends, Talking, Dating, and Relationship....I Mean Can A Nigga Get An Answer Key Or Something
what happened to #thecrew last night?
im going to retweet a select few of the stupid fucking tweets that this stupid AutoFollowBack thing put on my timeline
the wins are fun too. Congrats.
We're so official we don't need a check mark.
"The Coachella Video."
The necklace you picked is a favorite!
Well begun is half done. ~ Aristotle
y'all are too sweet
lol. Im glad calejon scored he had A really good pre-season
Not as bad as I thought, but it will still haunt my dreams.
trust me, I know your dilemma. You gotta do what's best for you. He's so cute tho :)
are you in town?!
You and Ari need to post more crazy stuff like that :P!
Ms. Producer, it's time to start--I'm so serious right now. U got me pumped to starting shooting my next film!
Looking forward to hosting #TECHmunch coming up in June!
Happy Birthday !
where u goon Chichi?
spaghettio's taught me the alphabet...
Alot of superficial-"surface" ppl-life isnt money-life isnt looks-life is depth-i wont waste my life with thing that come and go
Eyeglasses or contact lenses?
Thank you for the letting me know- drive safely out there :)
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat The Sisterhood of the Traveling Twat
Feels Great To Be Up This Early !
Bylsma: "Tonight our team was good and Marc was at his best."
congrats on your ebook 'HH2H" burning up the charts!
Either I overdid it on my bag of Guatemala Antigua this morning or am experiencing heart palpitations.
My #Bioshock Infinite pre-order has been chillin on Amazon for almost 2 years anyway, so what's an extra 4 months.
The things we encountered today and we havent even been here for 24 hours....
Allegations of a gruesome prison rape, and only talked with the victim -- a former inmate. His story at 6p - only on
What you are is what you have been. What you�ll be is what you do now.
Hi Usher Follow me
Excited to be in our new office building in Tulsa! Stop by and see us at 71st & Lewis.
Tonight's Live Options: Southside Strays feat. friends from Post Traumatik at Dingbats; Bad Daze at Ironwood; Unbridled at Rayne Drop...
thank you! Are you attending the MBA Assoc.reception?
btw, there are really cute guys in olympia
Wet snow shoveling this morning. Good for the heart.
Happy freaking 18th Birthday Have a wonderful day! 
If I help just 1 person avoid the nightmare I went through with , making this page was worth it. | #Clear |
First visit to #burlington was a success ... except for that I came home with the worst cold & now have to work the rest of the week
Had fun but I dislike when ppl idnt know perform n wasn't all dat.. but i just bout to watch a movie I guess
u make sure u be at my graduation may 19 golden gate cathedral 10am
Long Multitouch nature of B2B sales cycles lends itself very well to analytics, Which activities & what content deliver the best results
I was, then I ate Sheetz last night. Now I'm not.
Going straight to bed and turning my phone off till i wanna wake up
let's get our hair did :)
I'll check it out! I think I meant to before and then forgot haha.
I've seen a lot of people giving Celtics this series, in less than 7 games, but Philly is stealing one on the road & had a chance in Game 1.
Can't wait to do this vacation already...
Why is it so hard to find sheets that aren't stupid/scratchy/absurdly expensive?
dance and church tonightt! :)
Social circles differ from social networks, because of control of time and contacts - is it helpful, or complementar
“: #3WordsForYou I miss you”
Dr Evil just killed it on the NBA All Star Half Time show!
Despite having used it for more than 2/3 of my life, I still find corresponding via email to be incredibly unnatural.
I have it dvr'ing, delete?
CALL ME !!
Sometimes it sucks cause all u want is to get #noticed by so #SaySomethin i wish u make my #wishcometrue and followed me..
Ku doesnt even deserve to be in this game. Am i right ?
what's up y'all!? haven't been on twitter in forever! miss y'all so much!:)
RIP Junior Seau
Congrats J. Kidd, Dirk, Matrix, JET, you guys deserve it... Maybe next time Bron Bron or maybe not becuz D. Rose n the Bulls will be back!!!
No, no, seriously, he's heard awful things about u & he wants to share 'em with u...(There've been several hackings recently)
youre the best at the internet haha
Is this you or not
Mermaids, dragons, a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com check it out!!!!
Last track meet today with && (:
program for this morning: demonstrating library value in a period of retrenchment. jeanne brown, assessment librarian, univ of nevada.
Can I refer you after I start at Facebook? ;-)
CivicRally is like KickStarter for contributing to and volunteering for community projects.
Great show tonight!!!!...everyone have a happy Easter weekend
tell me how the book was when you are done reading it
rutgers should be on that list!
I heart people. I piss people off. I make people hate me. Im not the only one though.:.. Even though I feel like I am/:
Hope everyone has a great time tonight for #MardiGras! Are you going out in a fabulous outfit to celebrate?
I don't apologize . So, it was nice knowing you .
I want to go to the zoo one day!
WOW! #astd2011 Rocks! What a great bunch of people!
Gas mask hits of salvia..
My biggest Google annoyance? Old results.
I won my pageant! I couldn't be happier! :) Young American Teen Miss Midwest 2012!! :)
Saying congratulations to on her graduation day! I love u with all my heart & I'm so proud of you!
Today in Mexico is the Mother's Day... So please say happy day to your Mom from Me :-)
can you dm me a contact email I was referred by Cap Hill and have a question for you
Tonight great performance by on
Kind of unfair to name Freaks & Geeks, since there never was a S2.
Acceptance letters for #thatcamp have gone out - check your email and register for the blog!
"The more people you love, the weaker you are."
OH MY GOSH. sings so beautiful...<3
Because I asked if I could take his place since I took the lead on the Council's Transit First resolution.
KEEP UPLOADING. MEMORIES <3
Golf game is over... Victory over ! -6 strokes! Word! Let's do this!
Hello World! Detroit Marketing and PR is Here!!!
And having pink lipstick on RT : There's nothing worse than kissing someone and feeling nothing. No spark. No tingly warm.
A friend once said to me: "severe weather brings neighbors together." Truer words were never spoken. ;-)
The real housewives Of New Jersey >
Yes RT : "who's eiffel trinket?"- Tara who has never read hunger games at hunger games. this is going to be awesome
Happy Day to you too and keep believing in yourself!! that's the key :)
so ill see you in studio in about hour then.right! :)
what's good kid? Dude did you check out my blog?
This is EXACTLY that moment where I refer people to the episode I did on reviews (and I want to do another).
Hang-in there! It'll happen. Suggest you create referral agreements. Help each other out!
Hey y'all l, I'm SO sorry that I haven't been in twitter.. I never been on cause I got so muck homework now. :[ so anyway.. ( look ^ to...
A student is repeatedly screaming "Mr. Rice is a whore!", which is inaccurate. If he said "Mr. Rice is a whore for cheap laughs!", well...
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure Napoleon Hill
Up an at em for an exciting first race day with Feeling a tinge of anxiety but very much looking forward to this.
That left me to sit alone in the College Inn with just my beer and a jukebox.
i kinda have a thing for you
Me too! One of my favorite artists :)
Nova Scotia Farmed Salmon to be Destroyed Due to ISA Outbreak ...
Yankee game 2moro? ;)
Rise and shine.... It's Sunday Funday!!
Looking for a job??? Hiring five people on the spot today. First 200 people eat free. Will announce place around noon...
Happy hour is around the corner! Come on down to the #firestonedistrict and enjoy the beautiful day!!!
Tomorrow & Saturday are big Earth Day Sales at the ReStore Save $10 on purchases of $20 or more ~~ Save $20 on purchases of $100 or more
ill text you!
Should apply everywhere.
Thanks, Rob! :)
That's it. The judges are way too biased. They've saved #Roshon too many times...
573k at dinner break. Were almost to 10k/20k, I'm about half of average
I made it to Nonnas
I raised raves craves days with blade packin'
twitter has value because it highlights importance of being concise.
AND IRISH
Out here washin the rims on the whip wit a toothbrush...if u don't call that dedication...go lick ass somewhere
": Writing an essay while the red carpet is on.... #NoFun" I totally agree
Rock Chalk lets booze
you okay??
your face.
signed a new artisan. Check out Julia's mixed-media. Very cool. artisansgonegreen.com
Send us your music we can promote you!
I just wanted to say thank you to all the seniors. Its been great dancing with you :)
Happy birthday Lauren!!! :D
Leake behind hitters early. Throwing lots of pit ches
Right now im on my way to my track meet wish me luck
haha I was going to say the same thing
those folk never cared about you or loved u in the first place, just wanted what they could get from you.
When you COMPLAIN, You REMAIN * When you PRAISE, You are RAISED
Love me some Fat Tire!!!
reading a software mgmt book, I found I knew everything inside but was doing little of it. Is software management @ startups just different?
so funny
#NBA refs, at times can be so god awful.
I meant Napoli. Stupid auto correct
watch the throne ill be right back
formfactors for SSDs are probably driven more by Bladeservers Tom/Nimbus data
Just realized I probably know my way around #London better than I know #Manhattan - this needs to change.
Priority list. Chop. Avenge. Cap.
Just got back at the skate park it was great i keep landing some of the tricks that i learned
It was pretty thrilling watching my cat hunt and kill a moth ... I hope I get a full time job soon ...
debating on cutting my hair short.
His love is deep
Tweet out to and all the other gold team members!!
Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.
The weight room opens and we have a line dance class in PE156 at 3! See you there!
We are looking forward to your visit!
Sleepy-Time for z. Night all.
study also finds them incredibly lazy.
How strangely Zen.... :)
So..guys are dicks..
oops sorry meant to say i assume that means you want one
gotcha, just read it wrongly. Good luck as always tomorrow.
gateway cyber robo bay (4) versus pool lair spire infestation pit hive greater spire (6) .. i wont count corruptor morph
I could watch any day but I always forget to find him on tv. And by him I mean the team of course...
hi ariana it's me, megan!
counting on your vote for my cha cha!
Took a 10 1/2 hour nap when I got home from Vegas. Therefore, sleep just isn't really in the cards tonight (no pun intended).
Rihanna..you don't have a "thug life"
that simply means.. pray at all times.. but even if you don't pray when it shines, you can still pray when it rains..:)
RT : Getting ready to head over to the Oracle Arena to get my Bulls game on. Pregame starts at 9 pm on ESPN 1000 Chicago. OHH YEAH
oh for sure! I saw people selling $10 hand creams, wooden beach signs, and $200 paintings! I will do some research!
I need to go to sleep
Jacques Imo's in NOLA! Great way to start
Instead of saying "shut up"...I say "please talk with your mouth closed"
Missouri losing doesn't effect YOUR bracket, it effects EVERY bracket...it's a wash
Every person to debate voter fraud is an Old White Miserable Male! They believe their own lies! Delusional, make-up stuff!
I'm coming with
Last Nights #Glee was #AMAZING ...Omg & are out of this world talented!
Thank you for the kind words. You won the August contest I do believe, you were still in first late last night.
Mostly walking, some Metro. Paris is so dense that it's easy to hit a lot of spots in a short time and distance.
you's cute
S/O 2
um don't flatter urself
hahaha #893623 #luptonisourhousenow keep up the good work, I wear the DB with pride out here!! #PatriotNation j
haha yes well I don't think any bade shipper wants Tori to get Beck and Jade back together so yeah! :)
. I thought you said 800! 800!!
is everything ok babygirl
Many people die with their music still in them
ugh I wish I were.. Dallas BETTER bring it (: come back soon though, don't wanna miss it!
Oh my god im re watching this skit, i cant stop laughing
u moving back???
Copy that.
Technology can help create trust between constituents and elected officials.
Heading to barber..what up
going through my friend request . ugh i hate this -_-:
How ya feelin', ?
What could be better than Milfs! Am I wrong?
if you really loved me, you would have never done this to me. she's so right
#nytm Youngest demo-er All I 4.5yrs and embracing the stage. Awww
Light is a word that has different meanings yet is generally understood as love and understanding.
Will you be at #BizExpo this year? Miss you guys!
Happy Hour Bento is ON at 4 til 6 and 9 til 10pm!!! Chef select app is Foie Gras and Sweet Bread Fritters with a Red Wine Marmalade
freshbooks and unfuddle are my daily staples man...
Calendar set to overload
u don't care do u
They keep getting bigger. Its just a matter of time.
you can't handle none of this!!! Lmao ily!
They're nasty > RT why some ppl hatin' on poptarts?? they don't know what they're missing.
My #PerfectGift includes being with my family in a warm, tropical climate for the holidays!
Happy Wednesday! If you don't know.....IT'S HALF OFF BOTTLE DAY! All Day and Night, all of our Bottles on the wine list are HALF OFF!
hm… thinking I need to focus on the work at hand
Michael Jackson lol good morning Blair Underwood 😘
Im soo tired and I just woke up!
Anyone in Vegas area looking for a home biz? Leading global direct sales co in Vegas Sat. Cook if you want to attend for free!
on flight to new york, i was confused for flight attendant for explaining "wheels out" thing to social clod taking up entire overhead bin
DM me if you want to co-own.
31 years and four minutes ago, a bestie was born. Love you !
I've worked with on several multimedia projects. All benefited tremendously from his leadership, talent, expertise
Stare that empty faced stare...
OMFG!!! #ROTFL ==> So I Accidently Leaked Naked Photo's and Home Made Videos (Via The Web) #OhhhhhSh*t #CurrentlyDeletingSh*t #ThisSh*tCrazy
Disgusting I kno RT : :'( RT : Wat tha hell is up wit fat girls wear short ass shorts these days
you're welcome
u a fat ass
have u ever notice John Francis Daley on BONES resemebles John Francis Daly on What's My Line - even tho they spell names differently
If you follow his timeline you'll see that is more terror to an ass than singapore
I hope to be back to work soon. As soon as I get to talk to the Dr. today & see when Mom gets to ge home will tell the tale. Wish her well.
The hit parade continues with Adam Kirsch
really doing the freestyle battle
I didnt change, i grew up.
alley boy & trouble aint nothing like boosie and webbie streets or rap
SAVE $400 Dollars ! ZOOM Whitening - Only $199 Up to 6 shades lighter in one 45-minute in-office session. 1854 W. Division ORA Dental htt
Suzy Ganz talking about fractional and contextual identity in networked culture.
I wish!
I'm 20 weeks right now...:) congrats on your preggo-ness! ;)
thanks for the FFs!!
Welcome back to Seattle Seattle to back welcome
Not sure hw I feel this AM..although getting bad in2 martial arts sound pretty good right about now...
After one great reference panel #705, really really wishing the other #702 hadn't been scheduled at the same time!
Justin, thank you for your service to the public. Best of luck in your next adventure.
VOTING ENDS TODAY at 6pm! Speak up! Let your voice be heard! Vote for your SGA Execs! #ImWithATK #ATKforSGA #VoteOrDie!
when your arm work out was so intense you couldn't get your sports bra off. and then got an ab workout from laughing.
She's a dirty, dirty dancer.
FOLLOW ME BRITISH PEOPLES! I LOVE YOU!!!
I think it time to get back into twitter again whats good world!!!!!
Local hipster learns, while it's still cool to hate football, he is expected to like basketball and genuinely care about the Trailblazers.
Press conf. delayed/police chief is at crime lab per KRQE live stream
it'll be worth it!
Why be someone ur not??!
wonder y the tweets from disappeared weird
Miss them 2. Am ok. Starting my own pet sitting business & working part-time. Was in STL in July, was tempted to drive to ATL. :)
LMJ is a 49er! Looking forward to buying a new jersey.
skip who is he behind jn your opinion? Magic? Kareem? Shaq?
hot dayy, perfect sixflags weather ! :D
C'mon folks. This is do or die time. What should we throw on Sunday (besides Gummy Bears through a plate glass window)???
I can't believe you have a Pittsburgh number.
What was your favorite pinball machine growing up?
Tonight's the night for MUG NIGHT at Ledo's! Meet us there, 10p & your first beer is on us.
Had a great time at #marketmix2012 and #SMCsea Tuesday. 500-800 handshakes and a *few* minutes with my camera.
um no.
and the fact that he looks like a 7 foot rat
i hate girls who play you :0
I've seen these before. They could cut off with no notification and open up next fall. Don't loose the chance !
Justin!!!!!! We haven't talked in forever:/
It won't be long before tuition is "through the roof" at publics as well. UCLA and Berkeley are adopting UVA and UMICH strategies.
So many Dr's appointments lately. I should just change career paths & become a Dr. Will need to figure out how to tolerate blood & needles.
I'm tempting to go play with the babies(8 year olds)
:O your cellphone case on your twitcon! <3 it!
praying for all those facing/faced this bad weather
im sitting here, waiting for you to message me, and i just cant help myself? oh well
RT : Great idea - call for submissions for the FB masthead image? Engage those users, keep it real
Having to leave during : #minorcrisis. Getting to unplug, eat crab & oysters, and visit #EasternShoreBrewing:
Just ran into at Costco picking up some lunch. Looking better than ever and having the lunch of champions. $1.50 hotdog meal.
Do they search many times before they convert or did it only take one time. or as says -- was a one-night stand?
it does! :x
1600's: I write to inform you I have received your letter and I've been left quite speechless" 2011: " K "
#HEATFANS STILL SUCK YALL GOT BEAT BY THE PACERS.....
And I moved to DC why? MT Highs in mid 70's today, 80's tomorrow. 90's Easter Sunday in #Tucson? Looks possible...
Finally I'm home. Tired!
San Jose Jazz Fest 09 kick-off party tomorrow. After Comcast and Southwest pulled we cut way back. Cultura cura que no?
that's to early
just put 5 signs outside HQs & drove away! Donors won't think this a prudent use of resources.
Gym time. Summers almost here
Justin sleeper
<-----is totally amazed that its after 8 and all my kids are still sleeping.....this like never happens
YES! FUCK YOU CAPITALS AND OVECHKIN
Oh, happy belated birthday. Just don't name your kid Kal-El and you've got him beat, in my opinion. Lol
MAY 29th is my track banquet....omg I will be an emotional roller coaster....
needs a strong drink!!!!!!
Fantastic, thanks!
They just showed the trailer. So pumped for this movie!
I like to YOLO
Come on, Paul. The team brings the false hope, not the stadium.
Is Cake's "I Bombed Korea" the only Korean War protest song?
Oh late-night infomercials, how you try to suck me in with those "call now!" deals...
Life's good 😏
Neighbors daughter still gets a ride to school. She's in college. Probably my age.
over many moves, I have lost all those books. Am also still hurt over a never-returned My Friend Flicka from 8th grade.
sign me up for the lean ux group!
wanna no someting awesome? ur bday is exactly 6 months and a day after mine... ur half bday is a day after mine sweet ti amo!
I cant believe i almost wrecked my car into a house today...
when people hide stuff from you<<<<<<<<<<<
lakers need to stop leaving OKC open cuhz ya knw they a jump shooting team
We don't know what goes on behind closed doors
looks cool! got anything we can watch?
The marriage of chocolate and peanut butter is a lovely thought that I enjoy tasting.
Do you think this will lead to a Antitrust Lawsuit? How Soon Until Apple Blocks Walmart’s Vudu Video Magic? | SiliconANGLE...
Anytimee :). I love that one called; Fall In Ashes That's awesome!
At work shufflin papers waitin on my patients RT : what u doin?
from NBC15 TV is going to be at #smbmad #ford to hear awesome words of wisdom from on global social media
chelsea vs barcelona tonight ..
I am definitely ready for anything that my boys AC do. Can't wait <3<3<3
This is not OKC this is the MIA!!
ACRL Futures Thinking & why i'm here: because I want to know if l'll still have a job in 20 years.
Thursday Thanx to and for the folos!
I need me a purple monkey. Just kidding. I really want a pet lizard but even though they're cheap, the tanks are expensive :'((
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
I would promise to turn off my phone, if I could be one of your crew. Love me some theater seating.
I'm all signed up for #dcatl think I'm going to the summit on Friday too
oh god you have one too? if you wanted to say you miss me you could text me :)
Open it. “: What tips do you have for taking a picture through a window?”
im tired of seeing all the hate. This year im thankful for my wife, my daughter, and the herd.
Grading "Special Teams" | Two more big kickoff returns | Overall... a D+ |
WERE U STAY
It's open mic night tonight! Prepare to be entertained! Or prepare a song to sing!
That's one of the reasons why I love you . (:
1st 50 JC Independent readers to register for a class will receive a free yoga class! Clock starts now!
Process Mapping and Diagramming by San Diego CRM! See our new service: $295 for complete business process mapping!
Warren Taylor is my hero. Wow. Great talk.
I'm jelous of the people who look good in ANY picture! Im always trying to get the perfect lighting, the right smile, etc & It takes houurs.
At any given time, the Screen Actors Guild has a 96% unemployment rate, so question yourself constantly.
Whom the gods love die young. 才子短命
I'm on edge! Really am! Dad didn't buy the Pina Colada by Sobe! TODAY IS JUST AWFUL!!!
Don't get wet like the others, not in my Rolling Stones t-shirt, it was see through anyway, but you took it off.
what up with that?
that would be fast! :) but no, haven't seen any of that yet
openness increases readership
The old has gone, the new has come.
I've let LAZINESS get N the way of MY SUCCESS... This will never happen again. Hold me 2 it
wishing the nashville concert wasn't over a year away. LOL.
Glory lies in the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it. -Mohandas Gandhi
Started my weekend pretty good:D
Really digging Craig Taborn's "Avenging Angel"
I arrived tonight in Tucson. I look forward to a wide-ranging discussion of leadership with a very impressive group on Friday.
#businessmetric the shortcut to management they don't tell you how you are doing they only tell you how they think you did in the past
who are we gonna pity?
No, that would be much better.
*it exploded when I was trying to put the straw in. Lol
DM me ya email
that well dried up years ago!
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
Embrace it and be awesome
It's like Christmas when I was a kid!!!
Barrera: We aren't one of them.
BOB takes all the shit away
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.
Awwwee .. Thank You Mee Lady Janice... Thank You..
I don't know about y'all but these last two weeks of school been going by fast to me.
Any number for jobs is better than losing jobs. Economy is growing that's the point. Would be better if gop would'nt fillerbust everything.
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver. ~ Anonymous
Hey! It's only $15. What's the topic?
no one cares shut up
line all the way to clever bottle - crazy
on the end of that track >> lmao
Sending you a DM.
he's not trying to create jobs. Just says he is. Morons believe him and vote for him. Wisconsin last in jobs
HEY EVERYBODY! ITS MY BIRTHDAY! PAY ATTENTION TO ME!(:
Dance tonight at Harriman Hall on UB South Campus with Jojo Jackson. Starts @ 8! The workshop today was fun! Come watch all the cool moves!
Hey I did some radio drops for ya whats your email thanks again for playing Godz Messenger In the storms
Five Point is way slow tonight. This late night omelette is turning into my actual breakfast.
Today's Forecast: God still reigns The sun rose Blessings and mercy still being poured down.
Austin Vs 1D Wow He's Come So Far(':
R.I.P Donna Summer </3
Thank you to John Dell'Armi for being a #facebookfan of Have a safe 4th of July and thank you for your support.
Heard you got a main chick a mistress and some hoes you be up to no good and everybody knows
Ran 2 miles, cleaned my room, and class tonight. Productive day
Spent yet another radically inspiring hour w/ master dreamer/doer today. Tks for cheering up this grey, rainy day!
exactly, multitasking is your friend.... when you are not driving ;-)
": But my cab driver's name is Lavender. That's pretty."<-- That's pretty amazing is what that is.
These two white boys at the light listening to Cashin' Out and THEN they tryna race us...#LaughoftheNIGHT.!!!!
“: #Libra has a good chance for a healthy marriage because they communicate well and compromise.”
Looking for free things to watch on Amazon Prime. Any suggestions?
In order to get something many others dont have, you have to do something many others dont do,
im a gun my hearts the trigger my friends are the bullet that will save me and ur heart is the one i want to capture
OH: My husband is tiki-fying a bar tomorrow and I am picking up all the fresh pineapples and limes.
do good witcha people
I sing my simple, childlike song quite often.."Elijah was a man JUST-LIKE-ME, JUST-LIKE-ME, JUST-LIKE-ME!" (James 5:17)
You did! BITCHES AIN'T SHIT
Is gratitude missing from your list of core strengths? If so, try expressing it to someone every day and it will become a habit.
Ha HA its funny how sometimes good news just comes and rushes at you, had a good news day yesterday. Life is good
