“: “Ultimately the American people won’t take 'no' for an answer.”Obama on Republicans no vote American Jobs Act”
#SunDevils let's put on a clinic for the Aggies!!
I'm at the tracks, warming up or volleyball and Tori Amos is playing from the jukebox. #wot?
Ridin in the passenger seat of u womans Corvette #ThatAintWinning Your woman riding u in the passenger seat of her Corvette
the position is called "sweeper" Matt
Chelsea FC about to win the FA Cup, Go Blues
My cab driver said I looked like lady gaga and someone else id rather not say...liar? I partially hope not!
I haven't had a heart for a looonnggg time bud. But yeah sure fine. Just, stick your neck out as far as you can.
especially if they have Far Side cartoons!
Is that your girl, what's her fuckin story? She kind of bad but she ride it like a fucking pony.
Yup - I was being a little snarky in my post. They are a cheap attempt at stopping the inevitable.
Q3. Most annoying spammers you've encountered
Heading back home following great premiere by Quatuor Bozzini in Montreal.
It's expensive, but worth it if you're self-employed.
Fantastic panel at #ADWKDC ! Huge thanks to and
i know :o
Last time I was in the city this early was to take the GRE. Now I'm here for 1 of 3 school visits. It's a good feeling.
time for some scripting!
I told you. Now Taryn's sad
Will miss Giants game due to my flight. Lose and I won't mind, win watch them in the Super Bowl. Go
It might not have been a great idea to walk all over the island this morning. I'm beat and mah dawgs are barking!
witha line like that you need to record whenever it worked
x factor, i'm ready ♥
Hope to see Jamie at the parade!!!
-; Just Got home wat a Fuckin night
wake'em up then knock'em dead! Good luck on the presentation.
just watched a friend take on the 7lb. burrito challenge, and she KILLED it.
Worst #AprilFools joke ever: the Red Hot Chili Peppers concert is canceled, again.
: Sometimes it's not all about the $$$...it's the principle and morals which I see yours is questionable!
a 3.3ghz 6 core laptop makes my brain explode....
Shea and Mango Butter lotion bars came out just lovely. The way it feels on the skin is uncomparable. So much better than store crap.
FOLLOW LET PEOPLE KNOW! THANK YOU
Only my man is crazy enough to camp out for jordans on #NOSLEEP! Lol
haha that's great Tasha. I usually don't call unless it's a booty call. Sober or drunk those are great
I'm on my way home from hanging out with all of the awesome freinds that I haven't seen in a while.
I'm looking for an #OFL calligraphic Devanagari font. Can anyone out there in the Twittersphere help?
Old school like A/S/L?
Santa has the BEST job in the world. And let's not forget about his team of helpers. Now that's teamwork. :)
Looking forward to this week!
- Are you seeing D Wade? <<<< Then you will understand
Tired den a bitch
Richard Brown: "Workflow is a slippery beast."
What a great day
Yep oh well what can we do just to help them get educated and wear a belt
Check us out on tomorrow morning for a mothers day special via
HEY I JAILBROKE MY PHONE AND LOST MY CONTACTS I COULD OF USED U FOR THE VIDEO LAST WEEKEND TEXT ME YOUR NUMBER, SO I HAVE IT
#facepalm why did I never think of that? It's ok though. They left.
is opening for Chiddy Bang this week! Follow him.
When people talk about artists as if we don't have "real jobs"...THAT GETS ME MAD
I just spelled my name phonetically and realized how much easier life is going to be come October.
is Freckle having issues? I'm getting a 502 error.
I'm 'bout ready to start smoking weed again. #Smh. I can't wait though.
doing lovely
Really hit the spot. Be back soon.
Thanks for the shout out! RT : Love the site! All readers should check it out for great shots...
"Tim, you hit her right in the baby!!!!"
Happy Monday all! Have a great week!
ha. Ty man!
This CAN'T be a shining moment for boxing. 37K people sitting in silence as its greatest athlete uncontrollably shakes in a golf cart...
guess whose kid is student of the month at her school? that's right bitches!
Wish I could gloat about the Celtics sweep of Meloicks, but it looks like the Nuggets will experience that same fate in a few days.
Oh, me either, believe me. Friggin' amazon...
What are you up to now, Katie?
Better late than never. THE YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!!! 8-5!
well that's good :)
Shoutout To New Followers - thank you!
Side hustle = word of the week cc
Never point a finger where you never lent a hand.
no Stockton is scary.. Linden is all farm
Looking for a full website for you or your business. Our sites start at $350 and can be completed in 5-7 days. DM if you are looking for one
I'm reading ATOCHA now and it is blowing my mind.
Newbie no more! :) RT : Good Monday morning to all our viewers & welcome & to the team!
ha okay see ya around Valentine's Day! Either way, very excited!
Can't wait for CHURCH tonight!! Jesus + Incredible worship + Youth from all around EP in THE #HOUSE 2NITE 7PM
Maybe next year Hawks.
still in dtla? Come by!
how about you retweet my horoscope?
Why is Anthrosource's basic search functionality so extraordinarily bad?
nicest thing you've ever said to me haha
Health & Wellness Dir.,Ron Perry, finishes 3rd in age division at the IBM Uptown Classic yesterday. Congrats on a great run Ron!
Barely recovering from last night thanks to Think I gave up drinking ...for today at least 😜 my liver needs rest for
“: Actually excited about my birthday right now thanks to ” I'll be there too!!!
RT : RT : Hey Denver & NYC! We are holding an All American Handyman Open Call tomorrow in your city! Visit...
#quotes #art #photog I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. Pablo Picasso
Lincoln: Birthplace & Home of Weird Wally (& Weird Lots of Other People)
Our New Year's resolution is to eat more TACOS~! :)
#seanpaul tonight! Woo!
wow. 2 hours in the kindle forums, 15 books recommended (not mine), mentioned mine once in a PROMO thread, and my posts got deleted...
More food news: 2 new tapas places in Fells - Tapas Adelas (from Kalis Court group) and Sam's Kid (pan asian tapas)
I miss Can't wait to hear about your trip.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Just saw 1st obvious thing I know LaRussa wouldn't do, pitching to Lucroy with 1st open and a lefty on deck
Hey #MusikMesse attendees! What are you most excited about this year?
ohh well that answers my question....!
Thanks for the RT on my interview with Dr. Shushkevich
My Sat. nite - let's call it my tour of America. Just finished American Beauty. Up now: American Psycho.
LOL Ken. You live right by me and I've yet to see you do that....lolol.
lol i guess
=How librarians mark territory RT There are barcodes on almost all our filing cabinets. I guess that is in case we misplace one.
Good luck to Skyhawk softball today. One win away from the ultimate goal....the NCAA tourney!
It is making me a bit drowsy as well.
I wonder why everything is much more funnier when you're not allowed to laugh..
When he actually stops calling me for good I hope I don't wish I would've answer 😔
Stay golden PONYBOY!:D
Good night everyone 💗 Good night 💗
Just both practica next semester. You all done with both?
I live like 4 hours away! I live in st.louis!
RT : never trust a person who doesnt like r.kelly's music.
Practice Saturday >>> boy say
On this plane next the redeye
tell me when
come to the highlands festival tomorrow!
nope your argument is invalid
Except it works when they do it even at Camden Yards so they aren't really idiots
former #PRSSASDSU speaker is looking for a PR intern for a nat'l camp. I rec she reach out to you.
That is awesome, would love to talk more. Can you shoot us an email with more info?
So excited for this evening! May you all have a safe and beautiful Christmas Eve!
i'm loving & hating & not caring about the game in england all at the same time! #becauseimawesome #englishcallitsoccertooright?
note to German DJs: promotional bios that read great in German, often sound super arrogant when translated into English
I was by your homestead for a movie tonight and all I could think was "watch for crazy bus people".
Educause needs a "small university" track or section.
This candy sucks
How would YOU wear these Crush Ladies’ Bands…? Stacked in white, yellow & rose gold….Or paired w/ your Crush diamond engagement ring?
please shawn one more match. Cant believe how old people are lol. I can remember you throw marty into the glass. Ur the best.
Great session with &
I'm giving up survivor AND American idol for this?
weekend was good, hit up Disneyland on Sat. Sunday we ran 20 miles!!! How bout you?
I feel like on the weekend #McDonalds should extend their breakfast hours until 2:00. Ending at 11:00 is too early.
FYI - almost SOLD OUT! RT : Oh My God If you didn't Go Out to last night Rave On to at tonight
Spike Lee last night.... he looked like a Jack-o-Lantern
College, why are you making me hate movies?
Please follow me , honestly u r my role model ! Nd I am absolutely in love with ur band !(:
is that you on the flute in the intro of the
Strawberry Andrè and OK Cupid discussions with &
thank u <3
The fact that Dwyane Wade has never been voted first-team All-Defense is a travesty
230 for airfare and i was thinking the end of june or first of july
Copying Family VHS tapes to DVD...seems to have been a mad rush from people before christmas to get them done!!
Can boxing get any more corrupted? you should promote the WWE instead. Fake promotion company
Donna dont give me that right now, Im double parked and got the food!!
Loss of balance in your dog or cat? Dizzy? Let's have a look.
their response?
Katrina's beautiful daughter is visiting us today -- we see where she gets her good looks!
Great, thanks for the response!
YOU KEEP MAKING ME WEAK. GAAAAHH.
I love you \Son. You are a wonderful young man, I am so proud of!
: so is mine. I just remember you hate people. But are the sweetest/ most adorable kid ever
People shouldn't be allowed to cover Beach Boys songs. No one can harmonize the way they could.
Hope it's not me. PH! Haahaa jk
thanks mr Cato aka golden lungs.
can you follow my other account please
Your talking loud not saying much.
I know both of you startup people! I'm at wework tomorrow if you're in town Ricky! Want to grab lunch?
Onion bagel, veggie cream cheese, hot sauce. Livin the life
You Pervert Again JK
#whosgonnalose - Atlanta at NY Jets - Atlanta will lose
Holy cow that was bad
Yeah,she mentioned that someone had contacted her who was doing a doc. I thought it may be you guys.
TRIVIA QUESTION will be posted in 30 minutes at 10pm EST for chance to WIN band - must follow
BIG LYLE!! Can we get. Deca yeah?
why would you be scared?
your mustache makes you look a lot like derrick holland. Ha! :3
<<<< followed now
Looking forward to my New Years Eve kiss.
someone like you is GREAT :) I just played it 5 times in a row #cantgetenough I am a
and then I dreamt of school with CPR training and a class party with mashed potatoes N some really good chicken tacos.
Can't help noticing Santorum's voice getting a little country down in Dixie. Happens to everyone. Still funny.
“: You're ignoring me now? Cool.” my life right now
well it tastes better with pineapple lol.
Someone is on a computer, with headphones, listening to the Carmina Burana. Makes me think of Excalibur. I should watch that again one day.
Looking forward to an amazing show tonight!!!
Wake me up before you go-go..
why what's good nigga? What time is the gym
Anyone want to sell their Heidelberg Cylinder die cutter? 28" or larger. Call me, 888-BRAUSSE. Ask for Jake.
I will be having one shortly
was she reporting inaccurately or what she pretending to be someone she wasn't?
...and now Aaliyah is playing on K104. Thank you, Baby Girl. <3
well that's cool lolol :3
Who receives a gift, sells his liberty.
do you know where all the bras are?
is "Portland's Best New Business of 2012." 24/24 Five Star ratings on Google & Yelp -
Why are we not home yet?
You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it. -Earvin Magic Johnson
lol sorry. What's up?
I decided not to miss the wonderful opportunity that presented itself...
Citadel on Saturday? Good luck amigo.
I showel don't lyk lighting
“: Most CA taxpayers have to work until the day taxes are due just to pay their taxes.” 11% of my $ went 2 Feds
#tchat Devils Advocate Question here - Are communities managed so that they seem organic in creation/engagement?
Change of plans. just got the best news ever when i walked into work today. on my way back home soon to move everything out. going to be a …
I don't even know you
If you can't see the bright side, polish the dull side. #randomthoughts :-)
#FF for great conversations with educators!
how are you?
Everything happens to me.
“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.”
you mean maximum? if so, yes, slow down, the night is still young. If you meant minimum, see my last tweet.
we'll be in Michigan on September 11th. Come hang out man!
Listened to the new jeff bridges album last night. Once is prolly enough.
lol i was asleep now im wide awake.-.
#NCA12 submissions are due tomorrow. Email convention AT natcom DOT org if you have any questions.
very annoying!
im dropping one more mix before i leave MS, tonight.
Feel Better and God Bless.
Chipotle or Sushi? um
Tooting your own horn is one of the joys of Twitter. Toot away.
#BGC8reunion all tuned in!!!
I want the Rangers to win this if for nothing else to give it to Ron Washington. That man loves baseball
Whats up bro?
if his wallet is open, OSU will keep him close enough
What do you think of letting ppl who want to be anon post to YOTBA? EG: meau's 11/10 post
Easter Sunday went fine for me so far...planning something tonight with ;)
The best ideas that got tonight were from #ThePitch hashtag. You're welcome ;) (I love live-tweeting - everyone here is so good.)
if u ever listen to Les he's pretty rude to people who don't share the same opinion as him
Just got my first response to participate in my research! Holla!! (sadly, she's only available at 8 am, but I'll take it)
Don't forget a Fashion Attic Gift card for Christmas! Tell him (or her) that's what you want in your stocking!
we did it! Great meeting you!
You're only as tall as your heart will let you be.And you're only as small as the world will make you seem.
Some people hate what they can't understand
YAY is now following you! Reply w/GET username to see their latest tweet. Reply w/WHOIS u
This will be my second year. I'm so glad #MaxFunCon is soon!
No worries, Stay Safe!
Propecia and weight loss | Shipped Worldwide.: Shipped Worldwide. Online drugstore: you pay for your health. Order online propecia Pr..
huh? Hybrid?
It is embarrassing, some of the shows I watch living with my lady. Ahh man...
There's always possible upside to picking man in form *IF* you will drop him when form ends
My master gardener coworker suggested coffee grounds. Only problem is, we don't drink coffee at home.
Thank you to all of our new followers. We would love to follow you back. Just tweet us so we can!
I forgot #kiddori when I went out this weekend. What did I need to find out? A kid's age.
So much drama. I seriously hate it. Today i'm just gonna chill.
Its nice to be able to finally start catching up on my massive queue.
lol yes!!!!! U look just like your sis!!
I hate shaking ppl's hands.
Correction, "Loren C Brown"
Loved it! - can't wait for Season 2 to start!
: thanks taz it's going to be a good nite tonite
you need to umm talk to me about this more!! I'm coming over soon.
I am here everyday so message me anytime you wish I am here for you darling
you have to strive to suceed laziness never makes it
youre still my favorite teacher though!
This fucc a nigga records I'm the CEO
Steve Harwell of is pouring tequila down throats of audience members here at Grand Slam Charity Jam, including !
Conan and David Letterman killing Jay Leno on the Late Show.
cant i have to finish my chores then wait for my mom to get home
saw a really cute guy at church ^-^
Senate passed HB174... now will the House do the right thing and do the same?
Tomorrow, I get to give a talk on our work building/caring 4 green roofs and living walls to the Pauma Valley Gardening Club. I love my job!
☕ Drinkers Live Longer #Fact Woot Woot!!
They still get paid $$millions even if they lose? NCAA > NBA :) RT : Why didn't call timeout and draw up a play??
I'm soo tired!
Mark your calendar for Bakken Evening Out--Monster Mash at The Bakken Museum, October 13 from 5-8 p.m. Electrifying fun for grown-ups!
What about spider crabs? I've heard they goosestep in a most unearthly manner.....
I'm so proud of myself, ran my first mile...baby steps
Enjoyed talking to folks at #ocls2010. Got good feedback on our presentation. Wish we had more time for conversation at the end.
HAY MATT HAY :D
Follow AND TELL HIM SENT YOU
longtime no twitter... what's happening here?
New shirts, new stickers, new bands member, new CD, party this Sat @ the Hemlock Tavern
Forever writing proposals. All you decision makers out there, tell me what YOU like to see in a proposal.
my hump my hump my lovely last week of Aetna humps.... Friggin sad!!!!
Thanks a lot. It sucks because u go to sleep with it & wake up to go to work only to find it gone. People suck sometimes -_- lol
“: I never got to meet 💔 #SadSanAntonian” same here :(
Just spent five minutes searching city website for council live feed in vain. Logged into Twitter and had the link right there
it's her fault
Sure thing!
I didn't particularly enjoy art class in grade school, but I'm glad it was part of my education.
I did.
It's a gorgeous day today! Why not book a week day #event? Be 1 of the next 6 to book & reserve the space for 4 hrs at just $250!
Hey look it's Tom Barrett!
You're hurting my feelings, -le cries-
RT :i still use the same lenses as with my 5d. Canon ef lenses rock they..what do you use for color grading and editing..?
Only if you don't actual get anything IN the drive-thru...then, you are just 'driving by' DID YOU SEE WHAT I DID THERE?! lol
follow me back please!!!
but that's my insight: there is a hole in the market to operate at Excel level of abstraction:below PowerPoint, above Hive
I was disappointed that after all the hoops Barney jumped through in proposing to Quinn, it looks like he's marrying Robin.
I don't know how to be a mean girl. Ugh. Love you to pieces 💛
Welcome to -Just checked out your site and it looks great Can't wait to get the videos for our speech therapy library!
It only gets worse Im 50 and I hear my mom thinks your Hot now that really sucks
Great talk, Molly - reminded me yet again why I enjoy your work so much. So agree 1 World 1 Web.
good luck!
ACOUSTICS! LOL (x we cool.
Ah! just followed me!(: Such an amazing show last night! <3
Very cool that Twitter has already integrated Pocket!
I love the fact that tweets his followers back, such a cool guy!
Enjoy it while it lasts. Cause if the opportunity.presents itself, she will cheat on you.
Another year older and feeling better than ever! Thanks to everyone for all the warm birthday wishes :)
Don't ever change...
thank you!
I don't believe that you know what sex is, Mike Posner.
<==== hasn't had a patient since 12... *keeps feet up on desk*
"You smell good...you better be careful you might be bit"... Just another day in Catskill..yikes
We have room for one more winner. Guess the location. It's more fun than this Ravens game right now...
may i call u liz?
I set the date for my album cover photo shoot. It's later this month. Things are moving along. So many details!
Use flickr,video etc.. to invoke feelings and help them re-experience.
...1) Its mother's day - so today, moms do the asking. 2) Im The Scariest Mom on TV - you don't want to ask me for things
Imagine pre-nups with pet provisions...
he hears no longer bother, and said - and you'll be about ehm?
Hi Alastair, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns Follow me to DM?
you already kno my man where u been
Kid at the library wants to rap but none of his friends will "set a beat" for him. You should always have a friend willing to be a beatbox
Hey ladies Dre's shower has been changed to the 10th!!
Had a great day :)
We are committing to help lead the way in completing 1.5million community service hours before July 2013.
omg tameka did just say that
So hungry I'm just now eating fixed some steaks smothered w/onions & some seasoned veggies, then nap time head hurt :)
John Dorsey must have a full pack of gum tonight. You guys are busy!
its not like theyre ESPN announcers here, these guys are on Fox Sports SAN ANTONIO! Sean Elliott even played with Tim Duncan!
The highest rate of property crime occurs in the South region of the US, which includes Atlanta and D.C. Does that surprise you?
To the ignorant person next to me: I'm trying to enjoy a tennis match. Please put your phone on silent!
Last Sunday before Tuesday's election. Come by HQ and phone bank, blockwalk, and help get Bo elected! #GoVoteBo!
I love you soo mucch!! RT? Follow? Idc just notice your number one fan!!
2 more followers PLEASE C:
“: I want to go back to Portland and drink beer and eat from food trucks forever!”
Oh. I'm trying.
Im tired of girls tweeting about how hot is i dont even know who he is! of hes attractive get over it hes just a normal guy
Great walk from downtown to Brookline, cannot believe it is February
#AskSarah Who is your favorite rapper
I heard the current Kindle is good w/ PDFs? I'm already OCRing, & I'd like to be able to sync notes w/ my compy. But e-ink! ah.
I love how your acting hard through text only. I just love it !
I LOVE you :D
I wish... pour one for me
Stolen. one of those songs that I need on endless repeat.
interesting site but should be called "what real (white) women look like"
Love is in the air!!!
Hello...the news is on !
Heading to New York might get to run into Theo
not sleeping tonight! woo
Anybody ever see a sign or walker south of the 8?
tupleooo with and #Brady 👍
": “: Butterflies.......... Still. :)” I have a effing butterfly sanctuary in my stomach due to you"dead. So cute.
65% of all hamburgers and cheeseburgers are consumed away from home.
BRO still I'm LP at Rocks! Where u at?
Thanks!!! Lol :D
HA lucky betch
Loved u on the reunion! Still my favorite!
let's make it 15 weeks and take over history!!!!!
M, popsicles. Always remind me of long, hot walks home after summer days at the #2 archive in Nanjing...
we are back on the road!
Now lunch then and I will kick off our session on reaching new collaborators and why we preserve. -Jessica
also, getting it right in camera.
ahah idk i just started following ppl and telling them to follow back
saw you on tv for the game today, hope everything is going well with you!
Busy week ahead
I need some new nail polish :(
Rockin the Style Suite is our fabulous Sponsor - cannot wait for Saturday night!
VICTORY IS MINE :D
Is not the only game in town but the Best
good. I'm not the tender, cuddly type.
plz dont drag the #brewers into this RT : 3 errors in 1.1 inning. That's hot #nlcentral baseball for you.
I don't drink coffee, but when I do, I drink vanilla cappuccinos.
It's wax-tastic Tuesday! All brazilians and #Vajazzling scheduled today. Everyone is going on cruises or to the beach.
Having some of my parents friends over.
Goodnight my loves!!!!!
Tomorrow at 3 Lagond Music Presents: The Armand Hirst Trio
Via , peep this article on brunches, some on-Grid, by in today's Nice piece, tho far from comprehensive.
I know. Can you hop on Skype right now just for text chat? I'm at work!
Hello Lauri, sorry for the delay in my response but I'm still new at this whole Twitter thing. Thanks for the RT!
I went the "other way." I still don't know if I got a ticket or a warning on Saturday but I DO know Tri-Met disturbed my neighbors.
Lololol this episode is awesome
I would like the rain to stop now.
If you don't vote!
I work for CBS Chicago, can we use your pick of Derrick Rose and credit you?
"You can't be a non- conformist unless you drink coffee. " South Park Goth Kid. Lol.
RT if you love you're fans! Follow me if you don't see this
u should just text me or something instead of getting on twitter.812-679-1479
Going out on a promising first date! She has nerd tendencies just like me! I'm excited.
We've already had people fall asleep in our chairs so you would feel right at home. :)
I watched the first 4 or 5 videos. Have to finish it. Seems like NLP stuff like Tony Robbins, etc.
. Would you be saying that if the #Orioles are still competitive at the deadline? I had trouble typing this with a straight face.
RT : Intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them.*
what station they be on! Lls
#t-mobile worst customer service ever. Customer care just literally lied to me. Get a life
Thanks, Scott! Hope you have an awesome day!
good morning
I just want to lay in bed, eat, & sleep
I want to go to India. I want to have a dot on my forehead.
what! Its my first time going...let's hope snake free!
hard R
Hows everything going?
If I could just have you alone 4 one night...
Hello, my loves, miss me. I've missed you all. CopperRose & Bone have been gearing up for the new year. Our new CD will be on Itune
Welcome Syracuse OL to Naples, FL...and to the PlayersRep family
You won't require verifying illegal workers you'll let into your own home, but you will require it in businesses? Seriously? WTF!
Miami Dolphins 2012 Draft: New Second-Round Targets After Day One
One day I won't want to sleep with a pillow, the next I'll want like 17 of them?
this isn't healthy.
It isn't enough to be active in your industry. You must innovate and think ahead of the competition to be successful
wow, donuts and Micky d's in one morning?
I'm gonna be so annoyed if there's a ton of freshmen at prom this year
Good things its almost 2012! We miss you :)
This RT : In honor of Dark Shadows coming out tomorrow I feel I should probably go see The Avengers again.
hi Ashley. So is the dot before the twitter name a dead function now? Seems that all my replies show up in all timelines.
Happy Friday beautiful Bridal boutiques!
I can't find your story :'(
re-viewed Hud for the first time in decades. Awesome.
“: According to the Mayans, this will be the last #SuperBowl so enjoy it.”
Had the craziest, realist nightmare! I had to call everyone to see if they were all right :(
Wednesday is a Happy Hour must! The rain may stop the patio from being open - but our drinks are still flowing!
Bon Iver is playing club tonight..Love for him to sing me to sleep.
#letemburn money straighter than a mother fuckin perm bitch!!!!!
I cant wait to get off work. I been yawning!!!
his name is Joseph (:
Everything gonna be alright...
I told her when she was 16 she was really pretty
This!! RT : I just can't get into lil wayne.
I know Meggy. If you want to crack a joke, then just directly crack a joke. <3 No hard feelings.
Thinking of ways I can organize my workspace a bit more this week. Maybe reorganize my drawers!
Swearing is a part of me =)) RT : swearing much ? =))
Hokey-smoke . Got big money & it ain't no joke. lmao
HA! RT : Thank you, potential LinkedIn contact, for including your press release with your invite. Made it so easy to click Ignore.
": It is cold outside"~ I would say chilly not cold. :P
Arrived at the office today to find my favorite work kitties nomming on a squirrel face.
I want a snack cake lol
Office Keurig, you are my new best friend.
Come to #RedJacksSaloon at 3PM to see ''Paper Flower', 'Girls of Daraja' & 'Left By The Ship' !!!
little late but no.
I know! part of me is damn what were you thinking, but then part is like YUS! I hate detroit!
at the late bar. No psychics.
Well, I wasn't planning on watching #GameofThrones tonight, but then I watched the first 5 mins. Liking the tweaks made to the text.
Lmao say "hit em from the behind ...NEVERMIND WHAT HER FACE LIKE " PRETTY MUCH
Thank You Elvis for taking Me Home!!!
i saw that! that's crazy!
Marlins Vs Mets ! Can't wait ⚾⚾⚾
Dont know if U know but this is Artiz lol
It's kids all morning at the FFL! Join us for First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's & 3's at 1030! See you soon!
Lord of the Fish, The Fish Also Rises, A Tale of Two Fish. THIS ALBUM RECORDS ITSELF
does it really matter at this point?
Isn't that a parade? RT #OccupyPdx: for protest marches plz publicize route ahead of time to keep everyone safe & costs down
new word i learned from shark week: chunksicle.
I learned one thing today, an that was how to dismantle a stage. FUCK YEAH.
Working two jobs is not very easy, but it's Saturday and it's time to throw some of that cash around.
the necklace I bought at broke the second time I wore it :(
#Walk4Hearing was fabulous. Beautiful day at the Tidal Basin. Now to put our funds to work. #UMD has big plans, DM me to get involved!
Your Twitter is Private
love your co. bio. I believe 100% that's the space to create in.
leaving for holland on saturday.
Riding at hunter wit
Just bought our tickets for The Nutcracker--so excited!!
For the PS3. I am not as familiar with what's restricted on 360, but I imagine it's similar
you has 26.2 gallons of extra special in you
I don't care if people make fun of me because i wear my ICONic Boyz stuff but i know that they know they don't have SWAG:-)
that dress is gorgeous!!!
“I have lived through more great technical and scientific advances than had occurred in all the rest of recorded history”-LT
Morning folks!
I'm gunna be so burnt tomorrow haha. Going out to the lake today with
Happy Monday and Welcome:
ironically enough, only Wilson&Obama hve claimed 2b progressive while prez w/o watering the term w/ a suffix
sweet! i'll give you the link and tell you the process to join my #TeamLegna and hopefully b potential reader. Yes it's done
I feel sick i cant afford to be sick :(
haha nah you're family's cool:) and old.. Hahaha
I finally figured it out, this weed smells like bacon
apparently rubbing the affected parts on stainless steel before you try rinsing works.
I love books.
As long as you live how you want to live people will always talk about you. Live how you live regardless.
I'm a sucker for love <3
I love everything about Denver except the WiFi at the airport
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Wisconsin on Oct 14th at Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha!
That was a train wreck
I feel cold. I'm glad I did it, but I'll prolly start growing it again. I like how it looks though. How long have you grown
I didn't reply to the first hey, so sending it again is so gonna make me text back.
If their temples are any indication, I don't want to know what the Mason's secrets are.
it's everything I could've asked for in a job! So lucky to have everything I wanted in my first position. And coffee perks lol
Hi #PrintChat! Art Litho here for a short time tonight. Let's Roll!
I would also like to see your tax filings.
Thanks Mo. Will do. Hope something can get worked out.
#iffs11 hey fim fest orgamizers! Post and find jons here cool site
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Derby Time!!! Wish we were there again with our big hats!
Hey, at least it wasn't a leisure suit.
Thank you!
What an embarrassment I have become
yez call me back ..
Can you just get out of my timeline you are hella annoying!!!!!!!
We open at 4:30 on the weekends RT“: why aren't you delivering now (insert pouty face)”
since the middle of November : )
Thank you so much. You made my day.
Hey, Wendy, in case ur interested, 's got great programs lined up incl. J. Marquez, G. Arellano & L. Alcaraz
unplanned tweet coordination between me and *dimmy there. independently had to call you out
ha, i see those boobs did indeed make it into the roundup. nice.
Did I mention that this is one of those books that I am SO EXCITED to put on my shelf because it & its package are just SO LOVELY?
You forget about LSU! RT ": Man I forgot Lsu was playing today"
A friend? RT The majority of surveyed employees said THIS got them their current #job... Can u guess what THIS is?
haha spring break!!!!!!
follow me so we can plan ahead
Publishers "optimistic" about print business
Maaaaannn i need a back massage
Hunger Games just put a bunch of relatively unknowns on the Hollywood map. Will be entertaining to see how they each handle the success?
haha you're catching on
Sleeping in never looked so good.
Lol, okay. it's alright
are you a man? then you should be at man night tonight!
too much haggis maybe?
how the ankle? Gonna head down to the Portland mayday?
whoa, long time no talk!
So LeBron has gone 2-12 in recent late game shots and gets slandered...but Kobe goes 4-13 and gets loved...lemme guess-its the rings right?
#marc11 I'm hungry:(
Party rock is in the house tonight!! Everybody just have a good time!! Rümi lounge tonight!! 12730 NW Military Hwy San Antonio, TX 78231
Dear Marley, I LOVE YOU!<3 We're going to Phoenix together hopefully.(: I NEED TO MEET YOU SOMEDAY. k?(; Love, Tatsiana
Super excited about our first day at tomorrow!!! It's N's first day of... playgroup co-op!!! Milestone?
hii bud I'm using my twitter
Works for me!
#WrestleMania Seriously I just want to push the rock in a hole and leave him there :(
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA STEVEN!!!! We need to try everything Jared and savannah did!!!!!
How much $$ would it cost to replace an iPod touch screen? It has a crack & my home b. doesn't work.
thank you. :)
thanks for posting this vid Dudley, ur jmz and random vids are great they make us fans feel a part of the team!
Feels good to be home in Vegas
I hav a question for u
Chillin at the grandmas with cats and cherry pie. <3
and if we go to a mexican wedding there is probably a good chance Maria and Juan are getting married
my brother has recently showed me some of your videos and ngl you are one of the funniest people i've heard. :')
Kids came home and made me bake cookies for the teachers...seems one day of appreciation isn't enough at our school.
Tornado watch at #snwusa today added some excitement to the conference, Dallas
DJ Pauly D in the house!
RT : The gay marriage debate totally sidelined our issues: education,financial & foreign policies. Things that affect everyone
I'm enjoying #LDSConf and the words of modern-day prophets with current revelation from God.
Tomorrow we will be 301 Evelyn in MT. View Ca come down and check us out for lunch!
"URBAN MIXX I" COMPLETE, & IN THA WORDS OF "XAVIER THA FREAKIN RICAN", IT'S FIYA BABY!!!!!
00 quite a lot of money for a tank of ink containing 23ml of fluid
Trust me, they all adore you. No matter how rude you are to them.
RT : Greco: Capital vs Revenue. Capital is change. Revenue is routine. Investor vs Consumer. Do funders build or just buy?...
Kanye is serial how HOT! Love it! 1 for everyday of the week
Happy Happy Birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day and know that there are people who are very grateful you were born.
ew, I know.
Going to go see Cabin in the Woods tonight with a whole bunch of friends.
Congrats on winning the Melbourne #Poker Champs at | From all at
Good luck to the tonight! I'm so excited for the game
"We are looking for 30 beautiful women, such as you, for a photo shoot." Heard on nyc street. Not talking to me.
Consider it inspiration to name yours. Mines name? "Boston Swat Team Unit 362"
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
Im sorry i didnt mean too hung up
Forget YOLO, Never Say Never is the motto~
you guys can battle for this column headline - "The Zig is Up" ..no? crickets...
Remember: typing in ALL CAPS and with lots of !!!!!!! will only make you appear smarter.
AAVG strong close looking for more tomorrow
: S/O for our new followers! and #follow them people! :-)
We're just working on getting things up and running on the web and Twitter for Team Shirlock. Stay tuned for big updates!
DBowe waited til 2 minutes left in the season to start playing.
Become a master Googler! Stop by our "Google for Academic Research" workshop on 9/8 from 4-5pm to learn the secrets of power-searching.
Lol shut up
Learn french......
Hunter Hayes!!!
Oh iight im tryna figure alot of shit out i need beats plus im bout to make a video need serious supporters nd management ":
A1: LinkedIn now offering tools for you connections to refer you for a job. They can send profile to recruiter.
wow, is trying to use a bunch of lousy gimmicks to force people to promote their new album. it's kind of depressing.
Wish the thunder played year round...i never know what to do with myself once the season and playoffs are over
“: #MentionTo your friend who wanna marry ” heheheh;) we both want to
These ppl snappin on the manager cause we dnt have no sides lol
Movie Night!
a bit of tweaking here and there to keep things "fresh". ;-)
twitter .. i love youu
Rippin bowls in the driveway on thanksgiving
Is your insurance agent doing everything they can to save you the most money every year? Probably not, but we do! Give us a call! 345-8757
I don't feel right texting her knowing she probably txting someone else cause I'm "boring and uninteresting" 
Work out time
I didn't like the interface and the limitations of it. I found other sites in the same field provided a better experience
Tip #153: Did you know the odds of flopping two pair is 49 to 1? Learn to fold your small blind more often.
Saw a dude today at school reppin golf wang, thats whats up
I love that face he puts throughout the whole video, just like in the car ride xD so cute lol
followed!!:D
#Medeco training class - 2nd question: What type of patent does the #Medeco3 design have, and when does it expire?
Just wanted to let you know, #Insurgent was totally available on the Kobo e-reader site to buy!! Reviews are already amazing!!
Awe thank you sweets! I love you too. Come see us tomorrow! (:
Jamming out to #highschoolmusical! YAY! I feel like an 8th grader again :D
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 36
I have 22 followers. Katy Perry has 16,000,000. It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Listening to XM Yankee games, Suzyn Waldman & John Sterling are the Jerry & Elaine of baseball.
OKL Could they be new west champ? Tomorrow I hope Miami Heat finish next sweep vs. NYK hopefully on their way to New NBA champs.
NO I can't She'll know like Bonnie wont say anything?? Does this mean Tyler's gone for good?
Thank you! :) RT : omg your version of this song is just amazing! wowow just love it! :) great job!
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them
Go Ryder!
Finally! I wonder how much of a discount we'll get for waiting over an hour?
CHICAGO STYLE HOT DOGS
What a great full moon and one of the last warm evenings of the year (maybe not). Love the
i got somethin for em'....might not be online all day but ima be on time wit dis one...GOIN GRAY PROJECT is in progress!!!
I love you , thought I'd let you know.
Insightful interview 2 nite with Music producer Jason Miles. Extended compositions exploring layers rhythmic & harmonic complexity. Best!
Gorgeous photo. I've always wanted to go there. Besides the gardens I understand they have quite the furniture collection.
you know how I know you're gay, cause you're not going camping across from a strip club like me, Back party FTW!!!!
My god! this Mega Millions craze is all over the news... even heard of a 'company pool' going on with That's a first.
haha, okay :)) and their really good!! :)
I need a vacation 🌴✈🚢
Do you love your fans?? Can I get a shout out on the next show???
#handclap to facebook for changing that ugly blue play button
You WILL be taken care of after I get my degree :) yup.
Hey, you. You're perfect.
Sorry miss info 10 year old Tyreke Thompson will be performing at Sweet Auburn Festival starting today Friday May 7 thru Sunday May 9, 2010
What we had could have been what your looking for
sign up for our newsletter on our website.
Thanks , I'll look out for it.
So, what IS your Favorite Desert Island Album?
Night guys!!! See you Saturday. Can't wait!
Ditto RT : Feeling amazing right now
Had a dram last night that tweeted me for my number, so I give him it and I thought he phoned me but I was actually my alarm:(
I think soulja boy think he is a gangster NOW .
alright nicki ill save it to my DVR to watch it over and over again
-singing to the (Give Clean Water) choir-See PBS piece on how clean water kept diseases at bay in Port-au-Prince...
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOLKS!!! SOMEBODY WAS SAYING DJ CITI GET'S THAT SH!T CRUNK!! OH IT'S TRUE!!! LET'S GO
We need lots of help :-) Goodnight
BABY BALLS IN MY FACE
i am too but i blare tht shit
you, too!
#ABAto5k day! Looking forward to it. Proud of our team
Stoked about Hog tour with Village Cork and The Corner Office! We're serving up Pig Head Terrine and Braised Pork Cheeks !
Man. You and me both. I've stopped trying to fix people and am trying to learn to put myself first.
Check out this dermal anchor projekt bilateral behind ears done by AbeScrazy on 4/12/2010
L.A. has to stop them from running like they did the first game. Easier said then done with Ty "The Blur" Law
Sounds like fun!
Will this weekend (4th of July weekend) bring Damon Evans independence?
Nite twitts , checking out for this evening Happy Halloween !
Currently we are still waiting on receiving our inventory from our printing company. We will have more info coming this week!
well i'm not going to watch that.
Her body collapsed wearily against the cool damp earth and began to feel the effects of the fight that had ravaged it.
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go. I can take you places you ain't never been before. Baby, take a chance or you'll never ever k
at Alpine and at Tinley Park this summer?!? No need for Bonnaroo, music needs will be met thanks to !
Watched 'the Dark Knight' at school today:)
I think you are way off on this..he made no attempt at the bag and was very late in sliding. Another bad call by the ump.
Be a fan on Facebook, Search for Punjab Indian Restaurant San Diego, CA and HIT LIKE!!
yes! I think people fall to quick. Take life slow if you move to fast something important is liable to pass you on by.
crazy! I paint my nails that color too!
Complete chaos!
you Look very beautiful Jenna ;)
Just reviewed proofs of a new Walek ad. Creating copy is like writing press releases, only shorter.
Thanks. Sports and politics are the fields of my expertise, and bizarrely similar in ways that reveal themselves every day.
My dad doesn't even know how to spell my sister's name!
come to the states for fuck sakes.
Well its not gonna make itself
pics or it didn't happen ;) Xx have fun!
Just got scolded by my 4yr old daughter for not re-stocking the bathrm w toilet paper....(sigh...)
I still love you bae <3!
Flying west from Dhaka to the US has resulted in 27+ hours of continuous flights and layovers. Down to the final 4.5 hrs to home!
have a great weekend.
Watching Naruto in Japanese. The action is on point!
Thanks for the tweet :)
get them at united wisconsin .com
I miss three putts today...cost me the match!
oh which one? is it natural? i keep playing with the idea of making my own
I wrote a movie called "Foreskin: Director's Cut" and for some reason it hasn't been bought by any studios yet
Happy Saturday everyone!
Oh niacin burn. Will you ware off so I can go on my run?
Come on baby dont be afraid. If it wasn't for date-rape I'd never get laid.
You come to these shows to get laid motherfucker! - Man, I love those boys.
21 Jump Street as a movie? Really!?! You bet they need some writers out in Hollywood! What's next Leave It To Beaver?
luckyy I have to go for 35 min so pretty much no school :P
is it a brand new Laundry Day?!
We signed up our second Pastor this week.....Who knew that our spiritual guides need a Coworking space too??
Do you know someone I can help with my great services? Thank you for taking your time to check us out.
it's just the hair ;)
Grateful to have the wonderful people of LG in the spa all weekend.
Sitting in the Shanty in Tucson drinking good beer with good friends
- good luck!
Today's the day. Go out and make the most of it!
the 1962 album was the best
Something tells me Larry Fitzgerald will mentor Michael Floyd a little better than Brett Favre helped out Aaron Rodgers
“Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…" ~ Rumi
sweetness can't wait saw the commercials for it uber excited :)
Certainly, SF run game and defense will give them a strong advantage is they had to go into the frozen tundra
Louis Tomlinson....is mine. (:
Thanks for visiting our #LIS586 class!
Great show thanks for coming to Spokane :)!!!
Cator: Metaphor of "Stone Soup" People need to see themselves in any funded ed tech project
...I know, right! Thanks.
People still know about Howard stern?
who criticizing u tho
Oh yeah Like bosses. :D
get well soon :):) just don't do anything crazy Lol ;P
What? Who? What's the prognosis? I will be w/o wifi and worrying for the next 6 hours
Yonny Guaneme () If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
yes I don't expect serious run from but 2 b in playoffs n show progression since trade would be nice. Next year 6 seed
keep going hard my nigga you gone get dere.. shit im trinna get where u at so u aint doing to bad/get it in this year stardat
Well, no MSG, but It turns out I have the NHL Network?...Another reason why the Winter Classic is their best marketing opp of the year
"Aaron Gray" makes an ideal X-Men name.
well, how long CAN you stay? I don't think there is a too long in #sugarpeep opinion.
If you haven't already, follow 's new campaign twitter account Much good stuff to come!
I already do mayne!
Bravo you guys, S3 was outstanding; deliciously unpredictable w gripping, character-driven storytelling. Can't wait for S4.
I didn't like the tumblr gallery layout, so that was the only way I could get the photos to fit the way I wanted :)
Ok done! RT : HURRY ! First 5O people to Follow will get a Shoutout to over 7O.O+ Followers !
Watch ATL's International Breakdance Competition on Comcast On Demand Channel 1
That's an option, but judging by your POV, you're probably into more productive pursuits.
RT : I will write what makes me smile, what makes my heart flutter, what keeps me up at night with ideas, characters,...
Wish there'd be more people playing fantasy golf. We need a equivalent for golf! Love fantasy focus football podcast!
well you must be asking the wrong people. That does sound delightful. Especially the Starbucks!
Dude, it was on the news. All outlets. Walker met with Chisholm. cc
I need just like 4 more hours in my day. I'm going set my clock back to noon. That's how that works right. Thought so.
Still Waiting On The Beats I Need At Least Two Hit Me Back Im Tryna Make Moves -BAM!!!!
I find it humorous that the woman wearing the surgical mask at starbucks is the same one stuffing her face with caramel frappuccino at t ...
I just saw Michael McDonalds and the Roots play a set together. Light rail is cool and all but you lose tonight Portland.
if my friend does a cover of a song...what song shud she sing????
coming to see you tomorrow. I have your cupcakes. Just be sure to save me one. Haha. See you tomorrow. Love you <3
on another note, want to meet up for coffee? Just to connect.
Clickbank Case Study - How to make a 100$ Online per day without Adwords?
he do
Not much time left to get 20% off at the Sports Basement snow sale
wut if I have a break down and start crying during Istep?
Campus is closing now and all day tomorrow for the snow.
Starting now: IF any TV asshole wants to use the word socialism they must first give the proper definition & use it in a realistic sentence
If you're a fan of good music and good people, I suggest you follow my friend and wonderful musician Remember his name! ;)
William! William! William! #DWTS U can't beat those #Latino moves baby! We sexy as hell! And can move our hips like NO others! ;-)
heyy(; how was your day today?
LOL sup guys its the OWNER(: i see Helen is on<3
get the phone in white =]
Love and be loved, respect and be respected, give to others who need it, pray for your tomorrow, and most of all, believe in your tomorrow
Need's plans todayy cause i'm off workk.<3
#shoutout done bro :)
coming to the !!! See you in July!!
be here in 2
also, tell your husband to stop being an ass on Facebook.
huge CeeLo Fan Luv the showman!
Great to meet you today! Let's talk soon... after I buy my GoPro camera thingy :) (Leonard)
I'm headed up toward Annandale to check out these storms. Tell me want you see by using
#winter travel cities
Watching & doing my daughter's airway clearance techniques. Inspiring stories of #Fate Be a #OrganDonor people!
these are cute can I have them
ok, sounds good. Ur going to that career day thing on saturday right?
Thanks for the mentions & thanks for visiting our booth yesterday at #CPSHOW!
Social media packages for independent artist F.A.M.E inc will get the real followers you need no fake numbers
Time to celebrate.
Wishing you had that 25th hour in a day? Let us take the planning off your plate & get you exactly what you need for your accommodations!
Said I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears. 😪
A daughter is a treasure - and a cause of sleeplessness.
I ball hard all year ,
New Years dinner w Alanna, David and Ben... SEAFOOD... RUSH playing live! Nice!
Ohh my lawd, I do believe that seeing all this flesh is giving me da vapors
Saying thank you today to our supporters!
I think its funny how whenever I ask russel what he's listening to he changes it to eminem so he can look hard lol
WOW, this chick is Fucking gorgeous!!!!!!!
stay positive!
LOL! I'll be watching the V Diaries too.
I want to go plzzzzzzzzz
I am trying to see who I am connected to on linkedIn that I don't follow on twitter.
The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves - George Washington
Oh my god I'm always so fucking hungry.
lol. Omg. Maybe :p
Loving my caddy. Makes my desk look like a table at a Mexican or BBQ restaurant AND just kicked up my hard-boiled eggs a notch.
Amazing stats: IE usage on site is 19.51%, below both Chrome and FF. IE 6 is 0.13% of traffic! The future is here.
Andre Miller was doing his JaVale McGee impression.
Way to build 's reputation :)
Ha, ur one to talk!
Just when you thought letterpress was expensive, the postage gets ya.
I'm not seeing what the issue is. We decided u should come out. Therefore.....
Twitterview me this Thurs. Details to come.
I like sea shells
The Romo & Garrard topic came up in the shop between 2 of the barbers. One is a Cowboys fan, the other is a Jaguars fan.
just woke up , now time for the gym
What's up!
As one non-math nerd to all the rest of you: Happy Pi Day! May all your pi be squared into, oh, a nice chocolate cream.
“: Write it about the dangers of auto-correct!” Sweet! I like that!!
Always the French Apple (or Lemon Meringue if it's around).
I want sleep
Lol i would too. RT : literally just started to cry when walked by me. 😭
Dudes That Ratchet To The Fullest Ended Version Everyday And On A Date. Mofo Thats A #Turn Off Boo Boo!
Don't leave me tounge tied, lets stay up all night. we'll get real high,slumber party,pillow fight. <3 Grouplove
Tonight's event has been sadly postponed. If you were coming, please check your emails soon for rescheduling information.
Bush Industries 2910MCA203 L-Shaped Desk, 72 in.x72 in.x30 in ...
RT After Effects CS6 announced! Built-In 3D Camera Tracker, 3D Text extrusion & Performance Caching.
I'm getting a new phone this week. I can't take my phone anymore.
thanks for the follow
Got my tickets for #Avengers this weekend!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Hey, never said typing on an iPhone was my forte :-) Congrats!!!
Kurt Cobain killed himself one month after Justin Bieber was born.. He knew.
Thanks for following but I have to confess I HATE LED LIGHTS! UGH! Sorry.
I see you get excited about scoring titles, us Laker fans get excited about world titles. Lol
Our two leads roles on #Knock have been selected! Waiting to hear confirmation back from the actors. #fingerscrossed #indiefilm -JO
Kobe about to lose 150 M's
“: What does #OklahomaSt have to do tonight to prove they deserve to be in #BCS championship?” win. Schedule vs Bama much stronger
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
WOAHHH!! I wasn't invited & I live in PA! :(
They sleeping on me..fuck it, put your pajamas on.
Blink 182! Such a brilliant band! <3
Anita Shah on The Apprentice 2012, episode three: No one likes a whinger: Anita Shah, contestant on The Apprenti..
Oh, on the people I love I also love Megan fox
Pulled a crewneck out the archives
you gotta see the setup though. It's not like last year or the year before. Trust me, you'll like it
I like my logic better
Thanx to Austin Mahone for his wonderful inspiration on singing i am now on youtube doing what i love singing thank you Austin Mahone :)
ugh i hate morning
Let's hope my car doesn't get hit again today while parked, at least i'm getting tattooed later, something to look forward to
Can't wait for Jessica and Holly to get here!! We are going to have so much fun!
Via October is Funding for the Arts Month! #FCArts #Arts - good reminder to support your local arts and artists!
thats a bet, i'll let u know
Don't know her religion. Ethnicity-wise, she's African-PanEmian, I believe. RT Important Hunger Games question: Is Rue Jewish?
Seriously right now?
There isn't a percentage but there's a little icon in the top-right part of the screen that shows how much is left.
i hate homework.. whats the point of it??
Airport coffee w/ college pal blogger ChuckSigars.com Monday. And his daughter who is also my pal. And her fiance from SFe! Wedding bells!
That doesn't change the fact that it was a lot less expensive than they said it would be.
Sure, next time you're in Ohio would you like to go out?
I am currently reading the Spielberg interview from the new issue of EW and it is a really good study guide for the final!
DC: Attended a fund raiser, 4900 14th st nw, for mayor elect GRAY; hosted by ward 4 council Bowser. It has already started! oh my!
and know i'm so confused.
#mustlearn not the wireframing tools as much as interaction design principles :)
"Between the idea and the reality falls the shadow." So, does that mean government spin is the shadow?
is this your team and whats the team name!
Sports dilemma, everything is on at 1 PM tomorrow! NHL Winter Classic, my beloved sad Wolverines, then the MSU game. What's a girl to do?
I love how many people are purchasing #giftcertificates for yoga for their loved ones!
you're welcome :-) x+1
OMFG that turkey is gone be off tha chain
#WhatHurtsTheMost doing any and everything to make it big in the world but no matter what u keep coming up short
i'm sad for you. so sad. misguided fan.
what time is it where u are?
Tim Morton on the nonhumans that make our world: "Whose midst is it anyway."
RT : CORRECTION: the meeting is in the Lehman Auditorium
*looks at the clock every now and then. Drums my fingers on the table impatiently*
Fl. State. U have got to be kidding me...
oh I thought they knew already but apparently not cuz there are sum who seem to wanna play w/me...
do you live here in Allen?
when are you going to get it? I want to get the one on my left arm fixed. But I bet your skull is gong to be beautiful!!!
Know that a little bleeding while flossing can increase risk of pre-term or low birth weight babies? www.closys.com/research.html
so true!
20 mins till I'm Nashville bound for the OVC. 5 amazing days in Music City USA
me too
Going to DMV was fun today....
bronze with Particular Emphasis » Bernadett&#39;s Social Blog ...
You are an inspiration. Wish I could bookmark & take a photo of everything you say & do :-)
this morning's theme song? Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers: Breakdown
Is a pita a sandwich or a wrap?
Hey mama!!! I am MIAMI BOUND as of 4:30 tomorrow morning! Wooohooo!
Judging by the #SAGAFTRA reps at this press conference, we should merge with the H/MU unions.
I'd love links to twitters, blogs, articles, whatever on libraries & DH!
I am always happy to help in tie selection. You know my thoughts on them :)
when are you coming
for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.
TF! Chi Town! Digging Ask! Thx 4 the follow! We hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
RT : We have great happy hour specials until 6PM Milwaukee! Enjoy this great weather with a nice beer here at Mo's!
No, I didn't. There were books? Now I have to get these.
Spencer Hawes and C.J. Watson making huge plays in a close playoff game... Just as everyone predicted
my Mexican child!!!! 😘
Thanks to nasty east-coast weather arrvd in Barrington very late and feeling beset by some horrible virus. Experimenting w/ whiskey cure
Things happen that are as questions, spends a minute or years, and then life says
His cool ass chick from the west side
On our way to Austin. If anyone has any hookups on people giving away free shoes hit us up for real.
HAHA no, cunt, no one cares what you do. So how about instead of crying, you do everyone a favor and shut the fuck up.
8 days in and the bullpen's already burned. Rolen and Stubbs are 7 for 57 (0.123). Not good.
LOL, literally just got back from Chi 10 mins ago!! #GetItInGirl!! RT : In chi town!!! Time to get silly!
Not much! Just fill out the application on our page and submit it :)
My weird ass dog fancies herself a squirrel hunter. She thinks putting 2 paws on the tree it's in counts as a win. SMH
teacher; "k class introduce yourselves" One Boy: "My name is Josh and I failed math cause im bad at it. They're giving me it again. idiots.
Just tried to comment on my own Blogger post but could not because I was in Chrome
Haha, oh our mother's voices. They tell us much. Mine says that it's important that everyone likes me. Which is, um, impossible
Hope your holiday season is fun and festive.
Starting "Building Digital Libraries" course today. Soon I can tweet about computer projects like all the cool kids
i think it depends entirely upon how much of this person's money you've taken.
I refuse to wear saggy pants. RT : Maybe more like hip-hop stars.
#wiunion The GOP will experience sweet tears, and wake-up, when Christ comes down form above to All. #Barrett4WI is #FORWARD and graceful.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X28
thanks! U guys rock!
It's national meatball day! awesome specials: has all-you-can-eat meatballs for $25 and has $2 meatballs!
First gay club experience. hella buzzed
Protect your children. Every year more than 14 million children are accidentally hurt seriously enough to require medical attention.
Finally got rid of my NY phone number & my Blackberry. Hollaaaa ;-)
one of my biggest rolemodels love you taylor!143<3
If You Have Put In The Effort To Be In A Relationship. Why Put In Effort To Cheat ??
For Mardi Gras, try the most authentic hurricane you'll find this side of 1955. $10 for 23 ounces of rum goodness!
and Thanks for following :)
do you have a weird urge to start licking faces or hump pillows?
This isnt gonna be easy....
Are you going to be at the Fan Celebration at Peavy Plaza 11 am before the game? I might stop by since I work at the Dome.
I misses you too <\3
Tis the season.
hello, awesome!!!
I'm like so bored right now
When my mom cares more about that girl on American Idol then me -.- LOL
Over the course of my life I've done many things 5 days in a row, but jogging a mile was NEVER one of them, until this morning.
please follow me i am from ARGENTINA <3
Thnx to My personal dufus screwed up. At 2nd & Lafayette TODAY! Pls come eat!
I wonder if im touching money that someone famous has touched.....
Where within some Shield Agent with digestive issues was firing off his own brand of missiles. Zing!
ooh, good call!
Car crash with injuries at East Pacific Drive and Peoria Street.
Bouts to get a new tatt pretty soon!
Does trading Marshall take the Dolphins out of the Manning race, or does it clear up room to sign Peyton and his buddies..Wayne, Clark, etc.
Enjoying the & event. Hope to see you , where are you?! :)
I think twitter is the only place you can "lurk".
phone lines are open! call us with your local request! 585-222-buzz
Pro--upgraded to 1st class. Con--so was the crying baby. Luckily, the baby fell asleep. Hope I can wind down & do the same.
DM me, I might be able to build you one.
Maria and her boy toy
Well how is your twitter game today??
Thanks for the great content! Have a wonderful weekend!
RT : I dont see myself getting married.
um where??
we will have to plan something
Piggy back rides from and when I can't walk to the locker room after practice. Thanks guys.
aw man..lol
chilling with the fam
Nobody cares about your pregnancy omfg i just want my boyz
Girls night out
Thinking about leaving you alone...
it's not monday ass hole:/
Eenie mini miny mo catch a tiger
I hope everyone is enjoying their day off!! Happy Labor Day!!!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you momma's out there!
WAIT I WASNT DONE TWITTER SO FUCKING EXCITED
So nice that you do RTs and mentions
": Kobe is still the best closer in the NBA. No question. #GOLAKERS" Alot people would disagree, but I agree with your statement.
hahaha. Not sure if he gonna make it.
#happymothersday to the best mom a girl could ever ask for! Love you mama 😘❤
It's 2 hot man I ain't trynna get darker
I keep seeing ads to see Steve Martin play with his bluegrass band. No thanks. Also not into Chevy Chase doing interpretive dance.
Thank you for the RT! We look forward to seeing you in just a few months!
giving a Tech Flex session on Twitter and Skype :)
EWWW! The B.O. was bad enough!! Haha! Glad you made it out alive!
“: Peter Konz to Falcons! Good Luck to you Konzy!”
Did you know... That virtually all of the tea produced in Japan is Green Tea?
well she was conservative for the south Korea shows so I'm sure it will be more provacotive. Also we couldn't get a final..
S/O Exclusive Mag doing big things CitiTeam Boston /LA
mines too !she's the only one with common sense !(:
It's really ridiculous.
Imma fall in the floor crying. Like seriously. I can't believe you're gonna embarass me in front of my crush!:(
Taking break from work and getting a much needed massage.
Interactivity/connectivity is remarkable for distance learning. This allows you to connect with students across the globe...
lol who are you?
yeah Hahah:p
wow!! How much did phoenix pay you off! Smith should of got an Oscar for his acting job! You sir got it WRONG!!
A lot to update you all about since I have been "away". I'm proud to announce that my son Graduated on Sunday, May 6th!
To err is human. To blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
Eew that was rude. I just checked myself.
Can't wait to see Chimpanzees and Edgar Allen Poe films
Hahaha only the person that hates on you for your One Direction posts..
Gus asks "What is this email about blue and red? This is a good thing they're doing. Who sent it to me?"
Nxt show for 2MX2 & DJ R Skwared is Thursday 4 the Cinco de Mayo celebration for UCD, Metro & CCD at auraria campus along w Ray Ray
Looking at a word for a long time and thinking it's spelled wrong.
Was one recommended? A tweeter asked me after I RT this?!
another gorgeous day, not a cloud in the sky. looks like spring has sprung. Happy Friday!
18 credit hours next semester. I can do it!
"Let Love Rule" --will do! Have a fantastic tour! Love On!
I love how I feel after working out
I need you in my life
not that much, you!
I can see why.Haha.(:
Headed back to Detroit from Grand Rapids. I've been on the road too much this month.
bay changed his mind about goin out now im fina just sit back n wait til he change his mind again i know its coming
I like the gallery of TORMENTED MEN at the end of this!
I am pretty sure that if you added up my security deposits I would have a down payment for a house. Too bad I can't commit.
just followed ^.^
S/O to the retards wearing socks and sandals. Must be hard getting dressed in the dark
Contact Ahimsa House and find out how you can support their awesome work!
Nothing like some Jodeci
I wish the world would listen to a little more _________ ? (RT with your answer!)
no i didnt see it
funny cus desmond even said he sees how I was sticking up for a friend. And now we just don't talk easy as that.
Love the wind! It's like New England fall in the Los Angeles spring.
Class of 2012. Drink to that.
interesting? I wonder where he goes from here?
co signed my car, my sister's house, and paid the bank when we almost lost the farm.
#annconf great to spend a few days back in LA, and the conversation has been great. I'm off to the airport and back to Ann Arbor!
Just acted in a pilot for a TV show called Slum Lords guess who I played Check out my site www.primalcine.com for nobudget film and more!
Selecting Michael Fassbad to play Mr. Rochester (Jane Eyre) is not fitting with his character... Fassbad is too attractive.
Metta starts with self.
your "extra baggage" fees hard at work....
FINISH STRONG!
I think I'd like to use that description once every day. There's always an eye harvesting demon personality about.
Life shouldn't hurt life shouldn't be painful life shouldn't be cruel then why do these things happen
Cards baby!
I want to somehow put name in my username but I don't want to be some obsessed groupie trying to get his attention... =l
Finally back to a little classical composing today! This concert band piece needs a name though...
Off to my parents house to see the fam!
Cole how old are you
no but seriously. you should of saw me doing it. actually you shouldn't of. a little embarrassing.
I heard your song this morning an I'm going to ask a DJ this weekend to play it. So pumped!!
Rebecca Joy Showerman and I are excited to visit the new Market Basket opening around the corner from us today. Does that make us old?
I want to!! Gotta wait for the DVD unless I get lucky and catch it in a second string theater.
why YOU so secsayy doe? :o
My body and I need to have a talk because this going to bed early and waking at 130 is weak.
my favorite songs off of pioneer are identify and misery
Interviewed for Country Sunshine Radio. Article published in the Adams County Free Press. "CCFA residency brings focus to Wisconsin painter"
GREAT POST. You always bring it to the table!
Inspiration! I am a very happy writer today.
Amazon says it will offer Samsung Droid Charge 4G, HTC Thunderbolt 4G, and LG Revolution 4G starting at one cent with service this weekend.
I love you!!!
Ride your brakes one more time, whore, my Ford is going up your gay little Chevy's ass.
Good morning, Got 1 hr of writing out the way finally. Trying to shake this writer's block. Now 1 hr of reading trying to hone this craft
Imma stack my cheese and imma sell my p's
Sometimes I feel down... But then I see a guy bumping Warren G in a Walmart parking lot at midnight and feel so much better about myself
It's really sad that I have to block time on my calendar to manscape. It's getting unruly.....
Its raining!!!! Finally!! :0 #beast!
That's awesome! The We Vibe was used in the first shoot with Estella & Christoph. The Episode goes up in a few weeks. :-)
Could downtown hoteliers form a BID & then assess themselves the proposed rate increase to fund Convention Center?
Does Blackadder peat reek count as an indy brand? Just opened a bottle yesterday and loving it.
RT New details of Facebook's Instagram deal emerge: It paid just $300 million in cash and 23 million in Facebook shares.
ahh steph i loue you! Thats actually a song that i used! I cry every time i hear it though
I told you! Aha, I warned you girl, now you got my sickness.
That's good to hear! Everything is good my way..no complaints!
Note to self: NIN's Closer may not be the best song to play when picking kids up at school. Hm...
Its a beautiful Denver!! What are your plans for today...
Congratulations to our March "GERMS of the Month"...Sophie Clark and Nathalie Lawyer. Thank you for all you do!
Amen! “: Intention equals nothing. ACTION equals everything.”
Nope. Talked AGT, Bubba's divorce, & other stuff. We're not too heavy on AGT w/ Bubba.
if you need some tea, I have some in my desk-your throat sounds like it hurts :(
you're so romantic and inspirational at the same time. p.s. i miss you
#KARMA Just sit back and wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves and if you are lucky, God will let you watch!
Excited for Season 4 :) RT if your Excited -A
Thus saith the tired museum employee, already running on Halloween candy and fumes.
no you bought it so i didn't take it haha it was quite halarious
Coming trends -- red and lower gas tanks. Neither of my fav but getting comfortable with ea. Both can be interesting.
thank you :) but you are too!!! That picture is flawless :)
