The sun makes me sleepy lol
she got BUSTED
Talk about taking it up the aft...
message me on fb!
Needs coffee!:(
I hope it is training on some fancy new weather graphics.
I'll ignore you if you say "swag" more then one time around me.
Value to visitor drives strategy - & Mobile Strategies for Art Museums
We were closed Monday but BACK TO THE LAB WE GO! We remember all the offices of military that fight, fought, and died for our freedom!
Ok, that's turning the game around. Walk off coming.
I'm starting a list of people that are fake as fuck. Once you make the list there's no getting off.
you're welcome :)
thanks so much! I miss you too!
Masoli with a huge run. Oregon taking it to OSU's top run defense.
To him you can go on and on about stuff... But with me you never wanna talk....
Best TV channel in the hospital has been TLC, so I've got gypsy weddings, sister wives and plucky little people on the brain.
You should watch #TrueBlood. You will like it. I'm predicting that you'll like Eric
good luck tonight..
Sine Die => Without a day being specified
RT : The gorgeous will celebrate the grand opening of our new store at today! Sweet
Hey, not yet. Maybe you can DM me the email address?
That time when NPR does a story on Call Me Maybe -__-
add me pin:28E1C83D
fightin brandon powers OFF SCHOOL PROPERTY DATS LAME
Yeah I'm a strait guy and a MAHOMIE! And people call me a queer! All well I'm still a 100% MAHOMIE ! Nothin can change that!!:D HE'S AWESOME
Gotta get some clothes clean for tonight. going to the fights then the after party, gonna go kick it with urija fabor. anyone want2go withme
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
The second half of that is not funny! RT Morneau getting wrist checked in Twin Cities & Drew Butera on way to Anaheim
I FINALLY HAVE AN IDEA FOR TAYLOR ISSUES!!! All I can say is, Austin and Becky MIGHT be a couple or MIGHT not see eachother for 2 years
Thank God you have E.T. fingers. I was convinced you were perfect. Lolol Ok maybe you're still pretty close.
. Wish I could tell you that, old man. Well, yes, it does get better in a way. But then, the no-sleep period starts.
is obsessing. But at least she has the day off tomorrow.
no babe
u were so amazing tonight so happy :)
If you block someone on Instagram, does it tell the other person that they've been blocked?
Pounded a chicken burrito bowl & now I wanna pound some vagina birth canal
CALLED 50 TIMES STILL NO AWNSER!!!! I JUST WANNA TALK TO U!!! :/
Hey UB STUDENTS! is a professional business fraternity known for breeding the best business leaders in the world. Where are you?
Holiday Inn Town Lake - What fun tonight! Didn't know when I got a room that I would go down 7 floors almost in my jammies ;-)
He participated in the capture of Nuremberg, after which he helped discover Dachau. He saw boxcars full of bodies.
Promote me!!!!
come on you taking to long I'm bout to get off this shit DM the #
9th #SDCChiHack is Social Machine, which makes buying from vending machines a social experience
Judge me if you must. It's called mistakes. Don't pretend to like me.
What we need is world pizza..
without u my life becomes black not white all the world has no hope no light Icant go left or right i lose my sight oh! where r u my glasses
I've just hit another hill where I realize how *little* I really know about computers… need to learn some of everything.
Joe Welinske closing keynote at
ok...i mean i don't know how good it is going to be because I've been practicing it and I keep randomly singing it
love your pic. Could I use for online developmental English course I'm creating?
Only third period?
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man
1st Component of ethics training: provide ways for employees to get advice on ethical issues
I need to reread that when I'm home! It's fascinating to see how the underrepresented communities can create power this way
Phoebe is deaf, so she was totally taken by surprise when mom hit her with the car.
Are you signed w/ ? Then you have a dance day coming up on April 19th. 10am - 3:30pm. Tons of classes Check emails for more info.
I hate waiting
Our first agreement! RT Walker signs bill allowing DPI to revoke licenses of educators who view porn at work dlvr.it/xNjKd
So forgot abt me :(
Crazy how many former Sonics players there are still on the Thunder.
can't you feel my heart beat keeping perfect time
your already ripped ;)
Just got goose bumps watching the shuttle fly over the Capitol.
Can't wait 2c & my kids! We r speaking Hills 2morrow nite in Knoxville if anyone can make it!
If you're too big to serve, then you're too small to lead.
like she came out of a drag queen horror film.
We've got the Milwaukee Mandolin Ensemble here next Monday night at 7:30. All ages, no cover and 1/2 price bottles of vino!
I'll have the mayo
0-2 tonight... K.G. playing like it's 02' and Lakers looking like it's 07'... terrible close by Lakers...
RIP Steve Jobs (February 24, 1955 – October 5, 2011) One of the greatest entrepreneurs that changed the world.
setting up a strong board of directors..WOW.also gave some good advise on how to get $ for the time involved in the action..
Gavin Rossdale is making his way through the crowd at and everyone is going nuts.
Ya of course! :) Just look up Unseen Beast we have two pages one you can add as a friend and then one you can like!
Thanks, Marc. Most of my research so far has been newspapers from a specific era, but now I'm looking for context.
Does the Pope tweet? Someone just said they think he does!
On Catalina island for burning woman and putting on my neon.
It says "Everyone loves Owney," which is so very true!
I just saw Ron Artest's (I'm not calling him MWP) elbow and he's probably done for the season (incl. Postseason). Stupid move...
Haven't been to the SPCO before? They are offering two free tickets - but you have to sign up by tomorrow! thespco.org/firstconcertfree
im... Mr.Highly Expected...
Your motivational tweets are motivating me to kill myself.
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK THE WORLD CUSOTM APPAREL
RT : 0 Bankers Were Arrested After Purposely Crashing Our Economy. Nearly 1,000 Arrested for Speaking Up Abt it
bummer. :( just shot you an email via your about.me.
It's time to step it up a notch. I'm done playing tag. Moving on to push... EROCK
If water is the new oil, the Arctic is the new Saudi Arabia
how you been babe
mT : "There is no perfect candidate." - #PalinonTODAY.... she should know lolololololol
#1stFatTuesday will be FIRE tonight so dnt miss it! Everyone gets in free till 11:30 and $100 bottles of EVERYTHING all night long!
ISTE has been one big party of extreemly motivated teachers trying to move education forward and get better in what they are good at!
good mix and the right spices are key -- too many take watered down and flavorless.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU TWEETED ME ALL DAY!??! UGH!!!!
guess I never paid attention. Thx
let me know if you want photo or HD video coverage.
I hate how rental DVD's don't have special features.
THANKS for the mention of our "Ramp It Up" exhibit=compelling stuff about a sport that is important to Native youth.
lol i didn have anybody to be muh bus buddy this mornin :(
first #hockey game of the week in t-minus 81 minutes :)
I'm sure yall let a nigger stick his finger in ya ass while yall fuck....lying hoes
Are you guyz ready for school!
Happy Easter twitter ppl.
I am feeling very gruntled today.
I'm here for my tour
What is air? What is life?
You make everything possible (:
Go Behind The Scenes Of Skyfall With Daniel Craig, Javier Bardem And Berenice Marlohe Talking Bond.
nothin much...just had a thought...
I didn't actually realize but I haven't seen the last 3 or 4 episodes, but I did luv it in the beginning
Turkey soup....Turkey salad.....Turkey omelet....Turkey sandwhich.....what else?
The Born This Way ball needs to get its ass here a little faster.
haha no it was horrible !
What's ur favorite band??
HUGE Fuse Deck Party: Friday, April 17th. Get calendars ready..more info to come!
Kimmel really knows nothing about foreign policy though, makes dumb comments about Iran and Israel.
Aggressive Much?
These guys talk about literally nothing.
yeah i've heard those guys are good. maybe i'll try them.
U must really think my middle name is stupid...checks birth c.. hell haw so u got me fucked up...
Please win this before ot..ot could be 3 am : Please win this in OT Flyers"
All #Packers fans, follow me and I follow back
Working out and cleaning have been dominating my life recently.. And I like it?! Oh my, am I becoming a health nut? 
A-B-C-D testing - don't discount the platform's effectiveness until you've thoroughly explored all the options and variables
U got it man
Great night with my babe !! ❤
Phenominal. It tastes really good. I had 3 so far in between meals and my work out. I feel Great!
Back To My Music
Happy 5, Twitter - you have certainly dragged us kicking & screaming into a strange (& briefer) new world!
Training at tonight!
Pallet Town started trending? I love San Diego right now.
is that so
"I was being paid to perform&frankly crack doesnt buy itself" lol Bobby Browns response to why he didn't stop performing when W.Huston died.
Omg I love that movie! 😱 Alex Pettyfer is my boyfriend!(:
yes, your tweeting skills are #beltworthy!
My pops is 1 country mufucka...
4 months without phone service. No follow up. Still getting bills. On my 8th call about it.
I never tire of listen to the Beatles or its members after the breakup
Thanks 4 the follow!
Sorry about your Hawks but I liked the fedora. #GoChargers!
"Femnazis: Doctors are Fascists and chauvinists" Next: More proof Obama is a CommieNaziSocialistKenyanMuslim.....
95 dollas for this weave plus tax BOW
I know. Lol.
The Adult Learning Center is busy signing up new students for the spring semester. Give us a call to register!
The DBacks consider a 6-0 deficit a "shakey start"??? Guess I need a new definition for drunk!
yes,it is love
Whats good been busy getting ready to bust out our newist creation were raising the bar for all you that wanna up your game!
Ditto - great to meet you and look forward to continuing the dialogue on #bizforum. Cheers
i love youu :)
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
that shit wack you need to get on that cash out
Scone + cookie = scookie new & delicious only at simply sweet shoppe try one today!
Shout out to my boy he bout to be a twitter beast I see your tweets homie straight comedy.........
Another beautiful sunset with cocktails in hand at the Ol' Grove yacht club. Happy weekend evry1.
I'm confused as to why Demi Lovato is on #xfactor...is it for the teen audience?? What has she done?
Haha true I just assumed we were still shopping TJ Ford daily even if he's crept back from JOB's doghouse.
Pardon our dust; we're remodeling our dining room this week! You can still get your fill--we are still doing deliveries and takeouts!
That's what scares me. cc
#Bills Stephon Gilmore will help as a starter in their secondary, getting help from the upgraded pass rush of Williams, Anderson.
I thought you guys might like some spoon. good times!
don't any of my neighbors work?
Ok all, I'm out. Still waiting for your Android app recommendations. Night!
Sometimes I just want to fucking kick my brother in the face 😡
So important to understand the shades of gray in #SOTU. Oil and milk are fundamentally different; policy response should be too.
it was nice seein u the other day!!
Bogans isn't even with the team. Come on Van Gundy, get your facts straight.
love the Twitter handle Bernard! See you soon for a Crush
Streaking on the main printer is never a fun way to start a Monday! lucky for us we have a great technician at All Copy Products
Which neighborhood bro? be safe!!
hahahha pull it on Howard
I love when the actual definition gets used. RT Paul Pierce Tebows. He threw a horrible pass, I mean.
Tomorrows delicious feature will be Southern Sweet Potatoe Pie! If you've never tried it don't fret bcuz we have samples! :9
Breakfast time @ the Hudson cafe
that sucks :/ are there more dances you can go to or is this the last one?
I got A-1 everything !
Never say bye cuz u don't now if that bye when u say bye is like saying bye forever always say brb bbl ttyl or something !!!!!
sounds good! wish we could really do it - would like to see you out there
So cool! Thanks so much for the follow!! I love your work Beautiful Lady. =D
The harmonics are like a slight feedback that comes through the vibration of the turntable, stylus and record.
": FACT: 83% of today's #teachers plan on teaching for the rest of their careers. #ThankATeacher"
can I have the bubble gum :)
Bread pudding gets savory for dinner - Newsday
Help need to be reviewed through yelp.com please comment about how delicious my cupcakes are I am know located at 7130 harding, 33141 thanks
ALL OF THEM
Watched "Melancholia" last night. Feel-good movie of the year.
I think we might have a tough time playing at philly but they'll fight for it. It will be a good game. Looking forward to it.
Here we go. JCSU vs Chowan 3pm Time Warner Cable Arena! Winner moves on to the Championship! #GOLDENBULLNATION STAND UP!
Another day in the beautiful Florida Keys...who wants to come and play?
Thanks Marilou! Have a FAB day! :)
RT : It wasn't that Romney on his own assaulted a gay student. He organized a mob to get the guy.
Where is the bar you speak of?
#music is there anything better? There is no greatness greater than a solid tune. Well played Austin
both are! If #ncaa, #ioc or companies are profiting then athletes should be paid or comp'd w ACCEPTABLE means.
wardrobe change for the little fashionista, am wondering what will it be!
I ♥ HATERS BY
Stress will do that to a face, unfortunately. :/
you go girl
Thank you for FF
What the hell is going on with Brian McKnight???
Just checked out n nobody's ready to leave. But we r wore out.
Lol by saturday night it'll hurt just ta pee lmbo
There has been an outbreak of "loose" for "lose" & "waste" for "waist" in what I've read lately. These things keep a nerdy poet up at night.
When your Teacher Gives you homework N saids "do Them all" N someone saids "the Back to" Its like "noo you do the front Twice" - ElsieJazmin
At the hotel
- what are your thoughts on it? Good idea? Bad?
hope I helped out bro
yes we do have a 40 passenger bus. What we do is work with clubs and restaurants in north east Ohio,and set up private events
...but the same prof's use of *2* chapters of another book w available print copies and substantial C licensing revenue *not* fair.
Parents were kids once.......but they still dont get it!!!
nothing much in my way home to cook dinner
I hear you've been looking for a workout buddy? I could be your girll!!
Lol rob startin some bs lol Salen y'all dreams an shit but we On my way outta town !!
is singing "How sweet it is to beat the Duke Blue Devils!" Way to go Bucky and gang!!
This just in: Steve Guttenburg rocks the blond mullet in Don't Tell Her It's Me. No irony, just truth.
RT Sick video blog put out by for 144. Check it out
Pete that is awesome!! I hope they can get more books!!
making cupcakes with color swirls > homework.
My last tweet didnt even make any scene, but you know what i meann!(; Lmao
I must be doing something wrong
After you get back home from a wonderful vacation on the islands, what is the one thing you miss the most about Hawai’i?
KIm just sick of stupid as people.
I was just on an airplane and I was reading a sky mall magazine! #SkyStoreMemories :)
This dude is killin me... Tuna melts for lunch
Why isn't the opposite of the function array(), disarray()?
I know :( Great! Yes please let her know we are open Monday-Saturday!
Too cold to take off all your clothes for a massage?! NEVER!
“: you know you are the kiss of death!!” - method 2 my madness - I picked BYU...
Just wakin up to sum kush in the air n The wood playin on tv
You just made it a better one. Thanks ;-)
Post-conference planning will become easier in the next twelve months with standardized decision-making tools.
Just noticed; your twitter profile picture is and one of the smuf's. Kool (;
send a letter of what you propose to . We will get in touch. Thanks.
Was your cake good?
#BOYFRIENDReview Your voice is killing me in this song!! love u J!!!!!
#SloPigMke was fantastic! A great follow-up to the Stillwaters Hospital Food Fight earlier today! Well done everyone! Milwaukee rocks!
Compare KitchenAid KHB100ER Hand Blender Empire Red Sale - blenders kitchenaid
No money... Good thing I don't do rides. (;
unfortunately so true
& I took the #Wonderlic test today. Find out how we did on sports central 2nite at 7:35.
I call him "Gary Woods" every so often to honor the memory of what Harry Caray would have done with Kerry Wood's name had he lived
I hate shin splints
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Yayyyy!! Glad ya like :D RT Tampico is the best juice lol
not us i hope.
My brain hurts. That music theory final was tedious and tricky.
This Girl asked my aunt you don't want people to cry at you funeral do ya, she gone say ion care what they do cus iAint gone see em noways
like the fun dip sticks!? Ha
I hope yall both do ;D
i dont really like to go to god and pray about every little thing so i use twitter as a diary and let god deal with other
follow #lldv at SXSWi -- it's a panel on data viz. really great thoughts and examples.
Would you consider a brief discussion about the merits of using audience's mobile devices to better communicate with talent?
Thanks to you both.
Yes, it was very relaxing! Hope you enjoyed yours as well :-) Talk soon!!
For all those applauding Lebron's "sick" performance: as I recall, flu-like symptoms couldn't stop Dirk Nowitzki either.
RT Looking for a new writing topic? Look, absorb, and listen. Ideas are everywhere!
Develop #success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~ Dale Carnegie
There's never a perfect time to wait for. All your hopes/dreams/desires need to be attended to now instead of holding off for a better time!
is also useful for taking down the blood pressure after reading AUTOCAT posts
Dear Twitter, any tips on shaking second-language-speaking skills out of hibernation?
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead oh wow. What this world has come to... Hahaha :)
Told 8 his stuffed pork chop was "yak" and a delicacy; now he's eating just fine.
ill break down and cry.
Adam Levine, Melissa Etheridge, Raquel Castro, Beverly McClellan & Jared Blake are trending in the US!!!!
too late I was touched when I first saw you in the 90s as a kid check my tweets thank you 4 being my musical light
Pa victim :)
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 2-3 ft knee to waist high occ. 4 ft. FAIR CONDITIONS
#database analyst needed for multi year contract. Expereince with SQL required.
LOL OK OK SORRY
so good seeing you at the Sex in South Beach launch party!
Am I the only one that didn't drink or do drugs before 11th grade, lol. I feel like everyone else started between grades 5-8.
Happy #HumpDay #Miami! We'll be off the road at a private event today. But we'll back with you tomorrow at Meals-n-Wheels !
Who would you dress up as?
haha sorry for butting in on the convo
You'll notice we edited a line. Apologies if it, or its deletion caused offense. It was an imperfect analogy.
Boot Camp Officially starts on Monday! MASSIVE ACTION IS AWESOME! Get ready world, your about to get your toned, sexy bodies back!
Been on a Crochet marathon today.
Good morning Sydney. Soon to be good afternoon, Adelaide.
time to open a competing Clam Tans next door and profit.
I just met Jed at the Engage breakfast this morning. Where are you!?
Come out to finn mccool's tonight in santa monica for some great music by our good friends from 9-midnight!
You are not my mom. So you can stop talking now
“: did you get my address?” yessir, you should get an invitation in the mail by next week
Hope U all had a GR8 Thanksgiving Day! Here's 2 a fun wknd of holiday shopping ;)
lol it is what it is
:-D RT : Amazing 2 me how a smile can change a cloudy day 2 sunny. Truly 4 me. Smile at someone 2day... just because.
I'm not sure it was like from a month ago. I think it was Fab Mello from Cuse!!
I never forget that, God is always there
When you wear a common size, going shopping can sometimes be pointless... My Struggle.
Need to start twittering and bloging more..been slackin!
It's 97 in Vegas.
I Actually Wanted To Go To Weightlifting Today !
that hole-digging skill must come in handy for all those folk needing killing :)
Perhaps I've been a bit hasty with it, Mike. :-)
You know its something important when 7 out of 10 TV's at the gym, have Obama's face on them!
thought growing up were exciting when I was kid
After receiving so many amazing donations, www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com will be handing out Goodie Bags until 4 pm each day of the show!!
It will be interesting to see how many people will snub me now that I'm no longer "the guy from the paper."
What am I doing here? lol
and life goes on what does it matter in such of subject?
Helpful Anawalt gardner liked my Mo shirt. Just gave him earful of Movember info:-) He was proud to say his checkup is this week
Well, we survived BOOST and have safely returned. After School Products had a blast. Pics to come shortly...
I realize now, that you weren't my first love. You were just my first heartbreak.
Frozen Four! Ski U Mah!
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Hoping this works out in my favor.
LAST DAY OF CLASSES :)
Bucks game tonight, excited to be back at the Bradley Center.
I'm selling at College of Dupage today, Shower of Crafts, 425 Fawell Blvd, Glen Ellyn, IL 60137. Sun. 11-4, see you there!
I don't think U can end bigotry. Part of human condition, like ethnocentrism. Even Sam Jackson votes for guy who looks like him.
They can also sign up for summer camp at City rec centers that will host camps.
Wowza!! That's awesome :)
Yep. Or the Russian/Belorussian one. ;) Glad to see Frankie getting some good pub. He's earned it.
opened up data from 230k projects to crowdsource insights from their audience. at
sick as a dog again....thanks to daycare! Miss NC only one week away! yes
I love being retwittered... or is it"retweeted"? Thanks, Tom!
: web archiving is large-scale synchronization problem; most difficult for resources that are large or change frequently
thanks nice to hear from you
“And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.” ~ Abraham Lincoln
you will very soon for both
So, you too have seen "Two Girls, One Cup" RT : I have seen the sickest movie ever made
u just need to get a zero then lol.
Nice! It's always good when you discover the magical drug early.
are you going to the game tonight?(: I can't play but I still wanna sit next to my benchbuddie<3
sitting here talking to Smallhead:) u doing some work?
Oh geeze! You as well!
Come see us today for brunch!
I just saw William Shatner interviewed...he's 80?!? Had no idea...talk about some plastic surgery. :-)
yeah, then i saw the coachella performance. i also thought that i might have been able to shoot the show, but no press :-/
Summer where did you go :'(!
This will go down as the weakest superbowl sunday in years
Will you have green chile bagels and green chile cream cheese? That would be incredible
Happy Birthday to the greatest mom. I'll keep your age off social network. Here's to ## more.
Thanks for #FF!
On 5/22 come to Scotty's downtown and listen to an education conversation with CH Academy principal and Exec director, Carey D. $5 donation
Look at Tina Fey glamming it up! Loving the burgandy Oscar dress she's wearing just wish the top was a little more interesting
I will put a smile on my face and tell you that I'm happy for you both.
And the same to you Sacha.
to see you this happy, is truly happiness for me :)
God is Good
Yes, the world is creative! Are you a painter or a programmer or something magical in between?
How are you gonna tell me
I love how the sun shines on your face, beautiful one
Hm....probably need to look into that. Have someone else reading it as we speak too.
yeah :'( I'm off tmrw though!
I'm an activity grrrl, are you?
If only I went to bed this early when we actually had school.
follow me back
Okay, and I'll be Santana?
Very nice and congrats!
Thanks for checking it out and the kind words bro, we appreciate it! How are things across the pond?
And she has,the silliest laugh its so funny :)
Thermovex=❤ of my life!
Really enjoyed the recent article on the NYPD spying on Muslim student orgs. Keep up the good work!
I already knew he was gone win
Learned so much at the #SACRPH conference today about the two cities I have called home. Such interesting stuff.
Miss Luci looks adorable! Hope you and she will be happy together.
Never be easily replaceable.
10 hours is a long enough day for me. But such great progress!
Two Shootings and 25 #OccupyPortland arrests. Tune in to this morning for all the details!
Spy Kids, #WHATTUP ✌
Huh? Seems like a pretty quiet night around here.
... A's = worst baseball team I've ever seen. LMAO at " under .500" .. You win a game to go 2 games over ROFL
soup of the day : Jameson shot+PBR
I think Im follower #2 RT: : -well I think I'm follower #274 :) welcome to Packer Nation!
: Teen years are hard ... gotta keep pushing forward! I Can Do All Things Through Christ Who Strengthens Me!
For this year's Best Of issue, our 17th, we invited 34 of our favorite South Floridians to list their top people and places in the area.
But why did this nigga on the train just get shut down by this girl lmao
Also, tells me my tweets have been depressing lately. (Just FYI, I did figure out the future of reference, & ppl sort of listened)
Is juice feasting also anti-angiogenesis? Bravo for your gustsy, inspiring approach to life transformation. Thank you.
- A kiss from the director, only $3.50 - why didn't we think of this! #webseries Whatcha think ?
Thanks to those that voted for the underdog and also to and , the Giant.
Everything we hate about the #flyers we are currently doing.
#Azkaban is my favorite of the series!
last night was amazing!
AfterOverNight Traveling we finally touched down
About that, doesn't that mean there will be three games nobody will see instead of just one?
"How u getting doe n u ain't got notn to blow, fuck outta here Joe blow"
Really dreading this "social"
High School Amber just pointed out that the jeans I'm wearing are 'like, so five years ago.'
Slept past 1pm for the 5th day in a row. I have a feeling waking up at 7:30 next week is going to be very difficult.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
I seriously can't wait to see the boyz on ABDC this week ah 💙💙💙
I hate getting into things that have already started, that's a disadvantage. No thanks!
Please follow two great nonprofits working to find a cure for #Cancer! ---> and
yes, bear with us for a little bit as we improve the UX :)
wow. kobe.
Braun says there was never a medical issue or any STD.
You never know how great LA is until you're gone for months. Great to be back home!
songs that i didnt know lol
it might be possible for my shoulders/abs/leg(s) to be more worked, but it is up for debate.
Do you think a theme built on thematic would sell any worse than a traditional theme?
is not making me happy this morning and I don't even use them anymore! Glad that I'm now using
Steve Earle - Tennessee Blues - 09:26 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
The Professional doesn't count because she was 12. She was great as a child actor. Now not so much. Just vapid.
where to? I'll meet you there
I'm so grateful right now its crazy
Just saw the woman in black with Greg. o_o
I was prepared to love you. Never expect anything of you.......
U just said more than a mouthful. I just hope u dont have 2 find out the hard way like I did. Clean house ASAP sista. 100
That awkward moment when someone you hate is breathing. -_-
RT : Just had fascinating discussion with v large firm whose call volume increased 40-45% during Win7/Office 2010 rollout.
So glad I saved those NEA forms from the last time I applied. Good to have a map, so to speak.
Good morning Coco
Brandi Carlile at last night was amazing. A great night of music from the most wonderful songwriter and live performer.
Who could I talk to about catering an event next week?
Got the iPhone 4S today. I still love Android but goddamn, Apple makes polished products.
I'm gettin Back to my Ways.
Can you tell us the title of the children's book?
If I Was Your Girldfriend , Never Let Youu Go ! ^ . - # Follow
Are you avail at 3:20? Could meet then...
Thanks so much again for the interview & giveaway!!
We can be body to body!!
- that news actually surprised me.
sad example of material goods valued over human beings. RT The value of life gets less and less everyday. Very scary.
this kid uses #hashtags on like uses cocaine
Hi followers how u tweet me when u get this mwa
RT : Before the #NCLEX, locate your test site! Look up directions and do a test run getting there. Keep rush hour traffic...
Told my wife I would rather burn the house down than watch Tiny Furniture. Too extreme?
Monsters don’t need implants or a bitchin’ Monster car Monsters only need to love the monster’s that they are
I've come to terms with the fact that I get no respect, albeit from a distance. I can't get one person to ride with me full-time musically.
Fly over any remote stretch of forest or marshland. There are still huge chunks of this world untouched, unexplored. Great possibilities!
“: My mom made yahoo!”<---LOL! I'm gonna go look on yahoo now!!!!
The PayPal issues w/ online voting are resolved & voting for your favorite Mrs, Miss & Miss Teen Int'l contestants has resumed!
The team is exciting that's for sure, good things seem to be coming
All I want to do this summer is go swimming, buy new dresses, and lie in bed listening to old CDs. Definitely have the summer vacation bug.
just dropped aj green for deion branch
what jerseys the packers will be wearing?
Beyonce on Giving Birth: I Roller-Set My Hair And Wore Kitten Heels To Hospital
Thank you very much. We appreciate the compliment.
#SJSharks Capitals Captive to Sharks' Triple D
#museums have lots of cool content - how can leverage that to create apps that compete with what's already out there? Ideas??
she is the best! Give her a couple of years and I want her on Team 3.
Happy hump day!
It isn't until it is, you know? Most grad students never feel the pressure of grad tuition, because it is forgiven.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Too bad your sister is still in high school.
Thank you for following us!
I know. Feel bad for them now
#JustSoYouKnow that i don't care wat u think about me if u say im ugly shoot! i don't care.WATNOW!
we do not have a show tonight
The show is about to begin. Keep your eyes glued to #SMBAustin for detail about this mornings event.
"I always stop to appreciate myself. Who doesn't? We all have a reflection" -BiLLY BRiCHiTT (2nd T is silent)
Highly recommend "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at theater on Navy Pier.
I did! I'm annoyingly redundant like that.
and I are such losers. we're tweeting eachother while we're sitting next to each other.
What's Wednesday?!!
Trying sushi for the first time!
I vote for Moscow After Hours
13,000th tweet, holy cow. I'm going to use it to say that I love very much and your grandmother smells like moldy cheese.
you are so stupid
that convo went to the left...back to the regular programming!
RT DONOR wins BEST OF THE FEST! Big congrats to , for amazing acting 4 producing!
I hate fillin out apps on line like wtf! Paper is just so much easier.
“: hihihihiiiiiiii syracuse !!!”tell Syracuse, Boston says HELLO
I have an excuse to curl up in bed and watch tv all day
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, NO!
No lead safe at Coors Field.
On our way to Disneyland yay
Happy Birthday !
I look good AF when I come out the shower dripping wet! My skin look smooth n silky n u can c the curves I purchased 😉
Ever since I got brick fair I never look back there
And his first 3 yrs???": uh, okRT : Indiana is back. Crean is a great coach"
Hey! Thanks! Glad you like Social Pros!
haha yay! and no problem! nice meeting u too! please tell ur friends about my stuff!
oh that sucks you will still be Huntsville longer
Hard life you've got over there
So excited that Sat service will have full kids program. C u @ 9 2morrow!
have to create a new AIM account because I sadly can't remember the password for my 7th grade screen name... #RIPBarbrie27!
i love me some kenyon martin.
I gotta download Jadakiss new mixtape
Bout to change my @ my name
On the air LIVE on Shirim - www.wcuw.org - Music of the High Holidays until 10pm EST
Join us for all day happy hour Sundays!
WHY?..EVERYBODY CAN FiT iN MiNES...
I'm at 450 :P can u guess who I am ??
I haven't decided yet lol
The only good thing of havig a class in da auditorium Is u can go walk around and they wont realize how Long u left for
We have to be sure to connect again. I have #glamwiki US schemes to share with you! Also looking forward to seeing you in Indy!
Want to start a beer nerd band called [Alpha Acid Overload]?
At this hour here's how NW metro senators stand on stadium: Bonoff, Rest - Yes Eaton-lean Yes Limmer, Latz, Olson - Undecided Kruse-lean No
92.5 on my mechanics of materials exam. That's 3 As and 2 Bs :)
Smug hypocrisy
your walls must be paper thin!
Back to Zeitler and DeCastro quickly. The fact they were both gone probably caused #Ravens to trade out of Round 1.
If you haven’t already made your reservations for Mother’s Day w/ us, you better get a move on! Call 7188527800 for your reservations!
great photo! thank you so much for sharing it!
Ordered a standing desk today for the office. So, with that and my new white board in doubling down on geek.
The #SnowMan population has more than doubled in the #NorthWest since yesterday.
Avengers is looooonnnnnng
Do you think the threat of terrorism is as great as a couple of years ago? What country do you think is the biggest threat to the U.S.?
I'll gladly follow any human following me from this account. Hit me with an @ reply for one more follower. :)
nice smile.
I like Kobe Bryant, but I don't hate you if you don't.
you're going to overpopulate AU with your peppy tours!!! :O
miss you too girl! Sorry we never got to chill when you were in otown =\ when are u going back
"Endless love" you and Diana Ross
I hear ya. Quasi-reverse trip
Council of Graduate Schools' Debra Stewart: Support from both sides of aisle for graduate education, new research on career paths
": #Libras hate being surrounded by negative people, they'll always do whatever they can to escape.".
The realization that you are standing all alone for first time in your life
Now that I'm working ill be keeping a cleanly shaven face. Its a nice change, I feel like the good guy without hair on my face.
RT : Umm, which is the right answer? // The first one you pick. Because then the other will be left.
"eww, your girlfriend is dirty !" - me "i know idk what to do" (crying voice) -nigga lmfao, "dump the hoe" -me
Count me in on customizing 's face :)
Anti-heroes: because good guys have less to redeem.
We know you can do it!! We're excited to see what you'll do and you can always come to us for help! It's a lot of fun!
Wrap up your work week with FREE coffee if you pedal to our stores between now and 9am!
ready 4 worship @ th nursing home 2moro I LOVE the seniors I get way more blessings from them than wat I give back :) blessings
Apologies to for listening to my Machiavellian scheme and the reasoning behind it.
June 19 - 21 I will be presenting my HFT Safety & Performance Curriculum at the National Coaches Convention in Indianapolis.
I do. :) love the violin. Majestic!
Thanks for the #hatchShowPrint RT. The exhibition is really cool, artsy, retro, and hip!
I feel depression.
I get all of it myself, mostly free by standing around team hotel in Toronto. Have paid for some, mainly the older players.
what a day,
Ah! Love that song! :)
Working on set with Freddie Prinze Jr. all week. :)
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!! Kisses from me to you!!
Crap I want a pickle
somebody go and report back! RT : Free Gyoza and free dessert today!! Free Ramen is only 5 days away!
It's not just North America that is finding itself very much in demand for its unconventional energy sources. Learn more...
oh lol we are just going to mess around, I'm going with my cousins
": I'm sorry the young ones just don't do it for me anymore." I'm attracted to older men... idk what it is!! Lol
SoCal beer geeks! Try out this great Norcal brew! RT : Just Arrived: Odonata Saison 22oz! I'm their first SoCal account!
YOU ROCK! Thank you for all the Mentions!
I didn't know that wow!!!
qtg Blackwood's: The difference between the mental qualities of the sexes is owing, we apprehend, far more to education than to nature.1850
I know! It's usually the helicopters that are stalking us!
This is my own #Quote, When you step on someone elses toes to make it to the top, be prepared to have the same toes broken on the way down!
the bottom of my hair really isnt highlighted lol like its still dark and if so they look bad ill jut dye my hair after
That's a first. Just got directed off of 43N via the Locust Street ON ramp by one of Milwaukee's finest.
nice man...congrats on wrapping another project!
Abelle reviewing safety materials on plane: are ALL life jackets yellow? Sharks are attracted to yellow. Just in case, be calm as you can
Working on updating our media kit--with our expanded advertising opportunities, I'm trying to figure out how to squeeze it all in
Aww 's message to the troops >>>
is headed to Myrtle!
Geezer Gallery seeks a full-time gallery space. If you have a space or a lead on a space for us, please let us know ASAP. RT
I would in a heartbeat
You are a human copy machine.
not feeling good?!
GUCCi MANE x TRiCK OR TREAT..FREDDiE HAD THE SONG STUCK iN Mi HEAD WHEN WE WAS CHECKiNG EACH OTHER..WE TAKiNG Mi CAR...
I know... just messing w/u as u multitask! RT I'm tweeting all of this!
Watching the newest episode of Punk'd. is flawless.
And you're entitled to that opinion, my friend!
Sadly, yes.
Rain! Yes, We Need You, Badly. ☔💙
All of this has to be a joke. I'm a fucking idiot.
hates having nothing to do at work -__- and twitter on my phone still doesnt work
i think he jus got out
AH so is official?!!! SO EXCITED FOR IT!!
Ponder Takes Control Of Vikings
In New Orleans for Academy of #Marketing Science. Check out our books, meet our editors & learn about the flagship journal!
Are you following us on twitter?
Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal..?
#tacomac just did a bait n switch on us. Called ahead, now here & no tables
What a Sunday! #tennis -> #nascar -> #pga oh my!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. ~Philippians 4:13
Omg..week 2 of our new workout and we have have #noodlearms once again haa
alright cool, I live on Sahara and Durango now so I'm closer to #LVAC . Do you ever go to the one on Jones and Sahara?
Hungover & Hard Up
Saw your forecast 2nite. 39 degrees is not too cold to worry about covering flowers (if already planted) correct Matt?
No seriously guys. I need a co-owner. Anybody want to co-own?!
Is favre a good starting QB for you fantasy team this year??
Not a cop in sight at the capitol
haha that's good!
Looking to follow the panelists? Here you go:
you licked your havd and put on my face.!!!
But snow white isn't Disney :) it's an accelernt
I am so jealous !!! Ran out and forced to spice it.
Good Morning <3
Indeed. RT : I dislike the attire/look of the caddies when the players are expected to look presentable. Looks stupid
Really like get over ya self, u ain't the shit no more... Ya Dig !! #beenthere done that
happy birthday!!(:
Being homeless is not intentional! Help those unfortunate, it helps you have a good night sleep. Try it!!!!!
The premiere of my violin-harp sonata went well last night, and perfect strangers told me that they loved it. What more can I ask for?
SCENEOKE TOMORROW SCENEOKE TOMORROW!!! Catch us in tomorrow's RedEye's Best Bets and see you there!
Thanks so much! Come back and see us soon!
are you going to get it?
The pope banging on a locked bathroom stalldoor "I left my badge in there!!!"
I wish it was a surprise bc I'm way too distracted lol
#DWTH that dance was amazing!! <3
The Natural Bridge - Silver Jews
should've hit up off the grid at fort mason. Great weather.
RT : Deputy Sec. Merrigan: For every dollar spent in SNAP, there is $1.43 back in econ activity, helping farmers across country
Or lose a game!! RT : Hockey is the one team sport where one player (goalie) can single handily beat a team!
RT : Help us reach 2000 followers! Follow/RT for your chance to win a $100 AMEX GC!! Winner announced once we reach 2000!
Gota work in Cripple Creek tomorrow. Then off to Denver for a Jager staff meeting at the Grizzly Rose. Sunday Drivin'
my mom watches it haha
BANG BANG
Hey sweets!!! Feeling bettah??? :)
Has it gotten moldy yet?
Looking forward to the brits tonight!! :D
Gizmodo: So far, the best thing you could say about Ikea's media center-TV centaur was that it came with an appropriately
other than the sauna, I think we had the same taper plan :)
+1 RT : This boils down to Good Useful Actionable data ,with a specfic goal/question to be answered, SIZE irrelevant
Watching a new # let stay together
the end of the semester at least means that faculty are too burned out and buried to cause IT any headaches!
it took about 4months and i feel better than i have ever felt. #mpnation and #shredmatrix & #assault are Tha Truth
I wanna go to Baldwin now 😔 lol
I never knew love could hurt this bad.. worst pain that I ever had..
"We must alter our lives in order to alter our hearts, for it is impossible to live one way and pray another." --William Law <3
☼ Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading. Quintus Septimius Tertullianus
- Merry Christmas, amigo!
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
They say she's a dime,..I say she underrated.
Munching some fresh cherries that I got from farmer's market. Really yummy and 1 cup has only 80 calories + they are very high in iron.
I don't know why people cryin bout lebron and kobe all I know is they are never even gunna be no Jordan
Need help with your ebook: www.bluebookbuy.com Has all the info you need to do it yourself..$$$
I'd love to go skating.
Im a MakeUp Designory student in NY looking to shadow or assist makeup artists or photographers as volunteer
On the Southern zodiac, it goes: hog, mosquito, bobcat, gar, hound, cardinal, bullfrog, earthworm, crawdad, copperhead, opossum, spider.
Oh my gosh, me too! I love !
The NY Lady Rebels are still having open calls! Email us @ to be given a chance to dance for the NY Rebels!!!
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 16
Wow, ok
Happy Birthday!
It's five o'clock in the Mountain West Time Zone! Trying to figure out where to grab a bite to eat ... so many options!
I am somehow three members. I just forget and pledge every round.
cabo!!? Luck dog
Good karma has been on my side lately
Startin to feel like summer
I only saw it twice, didn't even really like it, but I'm the same way.
I almost wish Santorum would have stayed in the race longer.
Hmm... I don't have an iPad withing my reach at the moment, but I know we tested and had no issues. We'll look into it asap.
loove twilight:new moon:eclipse.
I'm in town from the east coast & will be @ the #uawow in #Denver to stop the GOP's
Responded to VACATE @ 1583 Washington Ave, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
I'm Never Putting You Down Beast Bestie ' <3
PHONE WORKS!!! HMU PEOPLE
I. Hate. You. Peter.
lol I haven't needed 1 yet but I'll b needing one pretty soon lmbo!
Braun just launched a ball over the left field fence. BOOM.
GIRL BYE !!!!! U BETTER GET YO LIFE LOL
just finished your book. Loved it & got smarter. Especially liked all the references to the Madden game.
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character. -Aristotle
Almost every character in TRANSFORMERS 3 suffers from the Disney school of highly caffeinated over-sensationalized preteen acting.
Got the new Facebook smart lists feature. Didn't do that bad of a job putting people in the right spot.
D1 Blues defeat Austin Huns in a hard hitting match where the game was decided by forward play. 1 week off then of to Cali for round of 16!!
Revolutionary Cleaning - Let Us Help You Make Life Easier With All Your Cleaning Projects
always been dope wrd to when i get down there i gotta met him i used to watch rize everyday ,even caught myself tryna krump
Your going to Dollywood tomorrow??? #What?? I am too!
Good morning Y'all ! I'm at my work place and let me tell yoo nothing better to woke up and taste a fresh hot coffee !
If that's true, I'd expect the number of the crying infants and excitable children in theaters to decrease. It hasn't.
I JUST GOT A JOB OFFER FROM A SCHOOL IN SOUTH KOREA WHO WANTS TO CELEBRATE WITH SOME ALCOHOL?
We follow you!
3) The only challenging thing about these games is trying to play without spamming friends or spending $$. That's no incentive to spend $$.
I never even go to the second page of google search.
yes definitely, when's their arrival 11am?
I hope you win tonite =)
prob run into u again lol btw wasn't tryin to be rude just not about to get lost when my girl had my keys
just get over it and tell me.
On Camera and Scene Study start in 30 min! Hollah.
!!! Turn that frown upside down.
I can't tell; is that a recommendation or not?
What an unbelievable week. Lots of projects happening and lot of potential for even more. Happy Friday All!
#bieber all the way to Atlanta
Never Say YOLO if your using it as an excuse to be a hoe.
Oh my.
RT Its funny how a song can describe how your feeling better than you can
Yes. We wish Maj-Gen Mood best of luck! “: Short-time loss for Norwegian veterans, but a great officer for a difficult job."
Haven't tweeted in a while
On a field trip with my daughters class.
The Jazz Half is still full-steam, August has just been a CRAZY month on the homefront. But no worries, JH is getting back on track!
Cannot wait for #MADMEN tonight. It has been way too long!
Odysseus is lawful neutral? For serious? Dude is like the O.G. Trickster.
Chi is awesome...as usual. Love it here. Detroit?
Two words: Bell Bottoms
#MyFavoriteSong ~I'll Be By Edwin
looks like he knows this was a mistake. Poor kid.
hope you feeling better☔
What is everyone doing?Nothing?Ok! You should totally show us to your friends!:)
Needs excitement #sassy #Winning #actors I would like a yes. Or just a "hey you were great"
I want Charley's !!!!
My grind is crucial
For those of you who are followers of , I have changed the name of to
Going to my parents' for Xmas - it's always fun to be home & taken care of (someone else to cook, help w/ the kids etc.) You?
Money wont make you happy but everybody wants to find out for themselves. Zig Ziglar
Could Robert Pattinson play anything BUT a vampire? Betting now that he ages weirdly.
omo ikr wow about his muscles^^
We haven't won yet, but it's one step closer to the equality we all deserve
lmao im selling mine for 40$
Singing soft is hard....
Big shout out to my parents today as they celebrate 29 years of marriage. I love both of you very much
*smiles, says quietly* im gonna grab some tea & stuff and go for a walk. Ill be back later *leaves*
I'm going tonight!
Just woke up to my weenie dog Chili jumping all over me n biting my ears.. ANNOYING!
Not a problem anymore! RT : i was forgetting what you looked like!
is a bully who pushes me off the swing & tackles me on concrete
we're slowly working our way that direction. Arizona currently. (& east coast: Boston & Atlanta.)
I wear my normal size, but some people have had 2 go up 1/2 size
That's right! RT : Just went to mtg on CA initiative labeled "campaign reform" but really vehicle to kill
whats up dude
awesome. welcome to yoga :)
I still taste muchas gracias in my mouth.
Sweet. You've got connections!
The bomb dot com v2.0
I know exactly what you mean.
Woah! Dance flash mob last night during the Polynesian performance. Did anybody get a video? If so, please post.
IF Left news media has tempered their bias 4 Obama, there r still kisses aplenty fr his core entertainment industry devotees
And so ends the nerdiest week since I've been out of school. Lucky to be surrounded by such engaged global citizens...my friends!
Also, 3 out of 4 of the companies I've worked at since college are key reasons why the bills exist in the first place.
Leaders in medicine assert that, “a postural correction is the single most valuable thing you can do for your well being.”
Did you know - our board char Dr Francis Price does 1% of the cornea transplants in the United States?!
wonders why we have to pay Dish Network to fix our dish in order to receive all of the programming we pay for every month. Not right.
. is going out with a bang. RT : - suspect in armed robbery at #WestAllis gas station still on loose
*Rolls eyes* & at same time relieved at niece's innocent question.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
that was an awesome movie!!!
Follow for latest news on #genomics and #mHealth research at the Scripps Translational Science Inst. -
Yes! Let the market decide their worth.
Presidential appearance after party getting under way right now! I wonder if the Green Party is gonna make it rain?
It's that time for Fantasy Football! Book your draft party at FOX Sports Grill this year. Contact Jen at 480-368-0369.
Or sleep in late and miss bfast altogether RT : Save your old room keys from hotels that have free continental breakfast
Come enjoy the gorgeous weather on the patio today!
Did roving reference w/ an iPad. Felt like a waitress: "what can I get u 2night?" Head poised, iPad ready to send their informational order.
Please tell me you're joking. They don't even look comfortable. Looks like they would cause camel toe. Not my idea of fun.
Agreed! RT Thx members & for a great year!
Hating on and just watic in general is a strange thought. What is there to hate?
realizing im forever invisible to you :[
I hate when people dont use punctuation when they type i mean seriously what is wrong with them
"Things start out as hopes and end up as habits."
I don't have mine yett , I have to go pick it up on fridayy because they had to fix itt
First time on the bus in a week!!
that's why we have Google haha one day well probably find out
that was interesting. hold on while i write that on my long list of things i dont give a shit about
Enjoying wine & cheese at eno. I said maybe ill open a cheese bar 1 day. Boyfriend says - you would prob eat us out of business.
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
tried to message you my email, but it might not have gone through.
Oh yes shoes and nail polish too !
Is it appropriate to include "cut the crap" in student paper comments? fwiw he really needs to cut the crap.
oh ya don't u dare forget it
Thank you for your support. The campaign is still on!
Happy first Day of Spring! Is it time to sparkle up your look?
Lo-fi time is when you have no other choice but to disconnect. It's a really good time to get things done.
Wow.... there's some real brainiacs out there, huh? LOL
head downstairs in about 20!
GOOD morning ! Join us for #EarthWeek on the Greenspace! :-) #SupportSmallBusiness. See you there!
Thanks for the follow
RT : If your senior leaders are not reading the feedback you get, stop gathering it - you are wasting your time.
Besides children's therapy is fun for kids, so it won't hurt to get a professional opinion and get help early.
Both nights were incredible. Did you go?
Best episode all season!
Tuesday Boozeday on this Taco Tuesday? You bet with some $6 margaritas and $4 Victoria drafts
Good morning, gang.
I wear my heart on my sleeve, like a big deal.
this is like a dream
if you get this tweet I just had an AHA electric moment I can finally tweet!
I'm over the Devon's playing in the mud commercials.
It really is!
How am I getting outdoors? Long a** bike ride planned for Sunday!
yes I am. How are u?
So who do I need to contact about life being a choose your own adventure book?
I'm gonna have to disagree! Lmao
10 years ago all the industries got together and drew straws for proprietary holidays for sales. Mattress industry lost.
No offence basically mean "Im going to insult you, but dont get mad."
ad here we r again lovely
Without key content deals, disruptive new technology isn't that disruptive.
hey girl :) hope you're enjoying break! Wish you were here!
RT : Great article for digital marketers from : The Biggest Mistake Web Analysts Make… And How To Avoid It!...
On another note turkey isn't that bad its a beautiful country with rich history
Hey, Annie! Is the interview up yet?
#3WordsForYou Smile at failures.
come meet me at 1:10 for lunch!
Thanks, love ere #Linkedin is making some serious strategic moves.. index, rapportive, slideshare... these can all be leveraged
having the best day!!
Bitch stop with the pills!!!! Seriouslyy!!!
im stuck babysitten
I'm gonna stop getting on the internet, all it does is depress me.
For average amateur golfers, do forged irons have any advantage over cast?
Solyndra is PEOPLE!
Sometimes the book you're writing is like a good friend u just had an argument with. You're mad at them but u know u started it.
Or keep salt handy. I get them all the time.
I don't remember signing in?!
Monday means awesomeness in week-speak
Finally at work
Just finished season 1 of Eureka, my geekiness branches out in yet another direction. where will it end?
Mix the drink mix with juice & it will go down easy. (organic juice if possible)
sorry I'll stop trying to send it.
Back at my house after spending a few days with my honey. MIss his sweet face already. Trying to clean up this pigpen. embarrassingly bad
Called Comcast about internet. Rep asked me to restart my modem and then computer."Why computer?" Response,"No reason. To buy me time."
can't stop imitating the commercial where david beckham asks for a strawberry banana smoothie...
1st at bat this season, the boy got an RBI double, then stole 3rd, & then stole home. Hope his batting helmet still fits his swollen head.
"Some of the greater things in life are unseen; that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream."
since its a shitty place like cat house
For story/script = confirm that all 7 points are there, that they connect, and make sense in their connections...
When is the release date of the Bred 4s ???
also, wondering if u would like to do an interview on a Sat. betw 6-10pm or something live @ the station in New Brunswick, NJ ...?
When the tiniest hint of a person trying to come back into your life ruins things.. I thought you'd it when I never responded to you
Paul Martin scored.....woo!!!! Thanks new jersey
so much stuff! I would know where to start :)
We await the opening of USR/LIB next week- but tonight- we ART!
this dude on Facebook be cracking me up...acting like I hate the pacers or something smh...results to name calling?!? What are we 12?
Got cable for the first time in a while. Analog, straight outta the wall. This has a certain nostalgic appeal.
meet ya at the Starbucks
aw love you are so sweet!imyyy too=(
It makes me happy that a little thing like not being football season dissuades no one in Green Bay from wearing Packer gear
of course. Wasn't discussing mechanism for change, only the things necessary for change
Ah, yes. I loved that post! Hope you're well!
I too love some spicy Tina. She's the best!
I'm guessing things are gonna start changing...since Austin forgetting about his NSD, not uploading vids err'week & Alex getting a gf! /:
One of my coworkers said I look like Russell Crowe. Awesome!
Gotta get down on #Monday night.right?
omg. imma shove a dick up his ass if he wont shut up omg IM SLEEPING HEREE
RT . ": Its bothers you , cuss you still care ."
I know. Like, everywhere i go "YOLO,YOLO,YOLO" like seriously, 👉 there's the door, get the fuck out.
Best way to fight off the Mondays. 1/2 Price crabs tonight at
love ya:)
the pic frame app.
couldnt be happier that the #niners didnt decide to put it all in on Alex Smith again
Another crazy night !! Party's getting crazy!!!
Only could get to repo her favorite things.
"The unexamined life is not worth living." then why are dogs so happy?
thank you for saying what i'm trying to say.
clearly the Baltimore Orioles watched Moneyball over the offseason
Where all the fabulous people will be 12/16...HTTP://VANDERBILTREPUBLIC.COM/
You call it cocky... I call it confidence .
now I didnt say all that...
Damn, Baron Davis tried but its a wrap for him as well, looks like Toney Douglas might see some minutes
No reason 2 go through #foreclosure without attempting a #LoanModification or #ShortSale first. When you've tried every Ave turn to a Blvd!
I hope you're wearing green.... cuz I really don't want to pinch you.
Nerves are riding high in Atlanta and Boston. Braves and Red Sox each lead 3-2.....
is pleased that we were approved to purchase CodeBaby, Raptivity, and Flypaper. Not to mention the outsourcing of a library virtual tour!
Feel better
The lead singer from seether is really nice guy
RT "Bachmann: gay marriage is horrible and sinful. but making someone feel they're drowning for info? God Bless!"
#iwantsomebody who I'll give butterflies with every time I see them
; it's official, Ashton && I are the weirdest people you will ever meet (:
short girls are hot! Guys like feelin like their girl needs protection...(taller girls are scary ~_~)
Coffee, oatmeal, Mandarin editing.
needs to focus on getting the laws changed in FL if they defend those that kill other people in claim self defense.
One of the first nights in over two years that I'll fall asleep without being on the phone.
Message to duhville, way to turn your season around, but the run stops here.
is everything okay? :(
great tunes from memphis Give a listen
im not good enough lol
The Phillies and the Braves game was crazy!
right ?! OMFG BUT likes phillip, i wonder why..
I ain't no dummy
Read a novel by an Ohioan - try "A Lost King" by Raymond DeCapite or "The Bluest Eye" by Toni Morrison
ole, i wonder Why :/ *Shrugs*
Lucky I'm in love with my best friend<3
Texas was a good win for Pack (I'm an FSU fan)
Never saw this site before. Is this legit? Crazy stuff. This could give a whole new meaning to Hitchslap.
Hi Beautiful!!
What’s that smell? It’s the delectable sweets ! Delightful Pastries, Vanille Patisserie and Canady Le Chocolatier!
is a Jew lol Jkjk btw I'm getting good at that volleyball thing haha
Tragic no video feed so others could benefit from your suffering...
#Redskins #Follow #FF Follow and for a shout out!!!
home in one month from today.
Wrestling has gone to shit. Could You had Imagined Hulk Hogan beatin the Rock..NO .Its called passing the torch.
Welcome new students! Come visit the newly renovated OSU Libraries Thompson Library! Great place to study and hang out!
I love that quote!!
Use twitter as log, with hashtag 4 class. Easy, fun, brief. Perfect.
hahahahaha I was dying when I heard it!
Thank you for the RT :)
confused ! LOL x)
John Jasso is our first WINNER!... Shirt Size Sir?
Bonjour #MayDay .... you arrived so quickly! A lovely Chenin Blanc sounds delish to welcome you.
always a great idea :)
Coming home - This is Zimbabwe
we are close!
Reminder: You can't want more for people than they want for themselves...but it so hard to look at lost potential :'-(
just how I like it baby! See this is why you my babymomma! I'm bout to wife you up. 💍😘 lol
Snowstorm until 8pm... Thursday... probably about a foot of snow
"A day that will live in infamy" - Franklin Delano Roosevelt, December 7, 1941. Remember Pearl Harbor, Remember the Holocaust
We offer #watch repair, #jewelry repair # watch bands #pearl restringing, #fix smart phones find a location in a local mall near you!
Looks like it might be a late day.South Bronx's gotta go beat the traffic seeya
This distinctive landmark redefines the skyline of Cebu's premier district for business, leisure ... Buy and Sell Philippines · Real ...
u always been non shalunt(cnt spell) bout ppl n wat they think
There's reason as a founder I designed my startup not to need VC capital. VCs should ask founders why instead of lamenting.
Awesome, thanks !
I actually saw where they have a location -- I just don't remember where it was. They have a space. So they are stupid.
NICE!!! See you there!
thanks, mama! It was pretty surreal, but I did it!
i love starting my day with yummy fruit smoothie! be healthy, be happy!!
Yeah, this may damage viewership. No one's going to watch all 3 hours and half the time will be spent recapping.
I just saw the links for the iphone on the right and didn't bother reading the other half of the page. My bad.
Never met a 2year old like mines ♥ That's My Baby.!
I Got Some Business That I Need To Take Care Of!
Nike's FlyKnit shoe is woven like a sock. Best part is it cuts out the most expensive parts of the process and could bring back jobs to US
I sell ice in the winter...i sell fire in hell...i'm a hustler baby i sell water to a well....
oh you are! I did alot of photos there last year!
Its been a very interestin day
I use every day to LIVE!
have a good show, but Pechanga sucks. Google 'tribal disenrollment'. Boycott vicious dictators.
ALWAYS blame the scribe BOL
RT : Direct Mail is a tactile, tangible medium. It's like sending a sample of your company to a targeted recipient.
Tired but someone is hoggin the bed!
The guys in the new liquid plumber commercial are fucking hot.
I swear these ignorant "all knowing" customers gonna get me fired out here they keep on the way they are. Can't stand yu fuckersz jst kno it
Ok its getting later and later and no shopping! :-\
one of the best people to ever wear any type of boston uniform. He deserves it
What the fuck is up with this Texas weather.
If you support helping homeless you or abused children ..please follow me.
RT See one of the best silent films ever made, "Sunrise", Friday at With a live score (the way we like it)!
Stephanie's story & her future are much more real & interesting than Perez's. I'm just not Chopra-ish enough to love him as much.
Back in Ann Arbor. Chicago wad fun, as always.
RT : the best documentary I have ever seen on the topic, very persuasive, quite moving at times. Well done!
Why? is taking me to Texas Roadhouse tonight. I've been looking forward to it all day!
Follow Follow Follow Her -->
Yo mama's so fat when she takes a bath she fills the tub then turns on the water.
I don't think I've been to a bakery since I lived in NY. I love Publix, but I don't feel like that counts in the traditional sense.
it's packed, ready to play, love it !!!
A truck filled w/ supplies collected by central IN Girl Scouts is heading to Comfort and Care Center in Scottsburg.
WHOA! On the shoulders!!
Last exam of the semester today with
he had the same one last year, right? I think it fits him perfectly. Haha.
Thanks for the RT!
are you going to let him get away with that?
Random Fact.: The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly
will be performing at State and Madison beginning at 10am! Come celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Loop.
Visiting the Detroit masonic temple - the largest in the world! 137 bathrooms, only 3 for ladies.
hahhaha i know, i didnt think it actually would. but i caught my mistake and fixed it :)
Tomorrow AM on FOX: "Puppies, kittens and children harmed in Federal level milk spill in Northern Wisconsin this morning..."
#imhappiestwhen I'm sitting around a campfire with family and close friends, with a drink in my hand.
I cannot stand the new look of Google Calendar. Is there a way to switch it back???
Hope it was worth your while! I try to serve.
RT : If we don’t change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we’re going. –Chinese proverb
think you're fat, not at all.
Also saw that boy out at the show last night!!! That was real... Yall check that dude out if u haven't already!
This summer is gonna be epic. Spending as much of it as I can with my Best Friend. ♥
lville about to eliminate one of my final four teams.
About to call it a night. Gotta get up in a few hours for the Braves game and I'm not looking forward to the morning rush hour traffic.
Nate Fawley was nominated for Best Hair? The world really must be coming to an end.
these internal pop-ups are killing me!
1901 photo of the N. Broadway Yonkers, NY Victorian Mansion of James R. Brevoort noted Hudson River School Painter www.VictorianSource.com
Developing mobil apps are fun. The process of which- I am not the technical genius*
done. Solid mocha helped perk up the unpacking. Looking forward to trailing 5yo on scooter down there often.
ima make you some next time you come early :p
his parents deserve awards or s/t.
and what, pray tell, is unconvential help?
Wow, you were pretty animated with Chris Hahn tonight! Not sure if I've ever seen you so riled up...
$KORE closing with record volume
omg you guys are playing with kiss or is that just the name of the tour?
At Lexus dealer service. Been here for 2 hours. Where is my damn lettuce??
thanks for the love aiden! glad that I'll to be able to spread the message far and free.
Life's too short to hide feelings, express how you feel.
With the 174th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Logan Morrison
Digging you're profile pic! We are currently working on #Troilus & Cressida here in LA (very excited).
thank you, Luticha! We have already fallen in love with her. :-)
Sitting here trying o figure out how to wish away a tropical storm. Why do they always come on weekends so we have to work?
It's the new year! Check your computers and make sure they're running smoothly! Otherwise just call us :-D
I can't wait to cut a Bitch off
I only have to eat at Chicago Bagel Authority 56 more times, and they'll name a sandwich after me!
RT Can you help me lose my NoCal accent when I'm in L.A.? Or, is it better to sound imported? --> Imported, of course! ;-)
you should see if can make it for the festival...they were awesome on PHC Saturday!
Trying hard to resist the Cadbury Mini Eggs in my pantry, calling my name. Tens of pretty little chocolate candy-coated voices in my head.
Up early to train. I know people like and partying last night and still sleeping now while I get better
Amazing how enticing the nap can be. Must walk dog first. Must. Sigh.
Rounding the final turn on this ESPN book...what did you all think?
reptilian motherfuckers... keep watch for those...
Oh my god. What did I miss? Why is #RowlingReturns trending? Won't somebody please tell me WHY!!!!
I totally agree! He would be the best!
Finished reading Post Office, a masterful work of "dirty realism," by Charles Bukowski.
is preparing to perform...by Executive Order you all are commanded to turn on your TV's and watch...
Half of consumers surveyed don't have 3rd grade level literacy on healthcare - Keckley
WTF NO BOSTON SOLO DATE? HOW THE F AM I GONNA MEET YOU???? Dammit.
call me fransua! Soon I'll know how to spell that correctly
lol so u noticed?..i figured u wuld say dat...good shit good shit other ppl wulda made diss tracks...i respect it...reealniggaz!
hosting a sex toys party! this is crazy fun! livin lovin and lovin livin;-)
I like my pizza with cheese.
Fair enough.
Merry Christmas ;)
is this a Dead Snow prequel?
i want him to follow me :)
Clippers getting ready to
Any concern with Jamie Luckie as a ref. tonight ?
Looking for partners from HR filed. Please e-mail to
Who's up??? For all my early birds, make sure you're watching to catch talk about last night's fire. 7 am.
Twitter feed hacked by trolls to promote get-rich scheme. For the record, I'm not inspired. But at least it wasn't a pocket Tweet this time!
I was going to do some :D We should play together sometime.
what the fuck
My bfs mom text me this morning talking about "happy future mothers day". O.o .... M very VERY far in the future
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Time to get some Tweets in for the drawing on Wednesday for a PS3!
You gotta believe some offensive linemen will take exception to the #saints defense for having a bounty out on their QB's.
Can we do this again soon please?! Miss you. xo
Maybe if I tweet my timeline will refresh.
Man ... I may have mucked up my mixer by making matzoh!
whats good trick you got that #PIL2 album by Ja Rule i know you got love for em
Some guys at Steak n Shake have a full gameboard layed out on the table, they're not even eating. But they're laughing a lot.
♥♥OMG Forrest Gump is on... I'M SO GONNA WATCH IT! I never seen it before lol♥♥
Thanks, hope you enjoy it!
Did you know all new clients receive 10% this month??
Most females under 28 still act like they still in high school
Breakfast: Iron Man 2. Lunch: Thor. Dinner: Captain America. Dessert: Avengers. Nerd birthdays are the best!
The Degrassi Drama T-Shirt!!!!:)
this paper will be the death of me!
I respect your point of view, although I disagree w/ it...but don't downplay HR/Civil rights to promote your agenda.
Started a Twin Peaks marathon last night -- S1 & 2 are on Netflix instant!!
New account Lessons learned: My bad for requesting "forgot password" which shut me out completely.
Will have Q&A with Jacob Peterson up on the blog tomorrow. Will also try to get some sort of analysis piece out too.
Thank you for sharing our cause!
I am watching a G rated movie on Netflix. Oceans!
that's cool neighbor
whoever get that job is vry lucky
Ugh tomorrow is gunna be a Long day.
Had a good writing session the other night!
The Big Bang Theory <3
chillin music same ole ishh I want you to check this song out tell me what you think
Hey there, (ktdUugWffnirt6), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RepresentMe.ca gets a shout-out on stage at #GovCamp from Guy Michaud
Following Mike S. on Twitter exposes one to an endless stream of disses and retorts. Maybe I should read his columns.
I think that's the last of them.... Until next year. :)
