yes but a small one
all i have to say is you will get the NASTIEST sext anyone has ever laid eyes on. wet on the spot.
The site looks great! Congratulations, wishing you lots of success!
The can opener was invented 48 years after the can
Yes, wanna take the sync or swim challenge?
What if we came out in the platinums and balled out
Did you know PDXers can get "Sungover?"
In describing science of an issue, suggests breaking it into basics that are solid, then talk about unknown
Wow. My spelling ability is apparently delayed this morning.
Nice- y'all in summer training yet?
Hoping you wear the stylish "sunglasses" and post a pic!
In retrospect, eating half a jar of kimchee all at once was probably a bad idea. Though I may have discovered a new colon cleanse protocol.
we are re-recording vocals on our old songs and pumping out a new one with Landon Tewers. 60% of our full length album will be complete.
Thnx. Interesting list! RT : 5/12 More additions to my online local media list:
A2: Definitely more.! Napster kind of made digital "lending" commonplace...
can't wait to see y'all today... Luv yah
Hello to Mel Rainsberger aka who's joining our very first #EFChat today!
haha don't b sorry.I like it when people respond really fast
I owe yous all a #FF next Friday! What days it today?
Happy birthday !
Be spontaneous. Never act out of the past; always act out of the present moment. This moment is all there is! ~ Osho
GM, Its is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not. Andre Gide ...Happy Thursday, Enjoy!!!
': Good Day to All..;) Full ahead with the weapon called THE TRUTH.'
haha love it! They come every year!
send me your address at work so I can messenger the fudge
ok - let me know when you have details! Hard to make plans with this little info :)
Ohh shoot!! Sorry :(
High school turns us into the people we said we would never become.
your crazy hair gave us some luck!
On the LIRR heading to DC to speak at SNAP WORM.
Put they ass in the DUB CLUB
Bluebonnets make my commute happier. So pretty!
My phone is about to die, but for the 1st time, I'm okay with it! Having the time of my life right about now!
lololololol at girls from my town, it seems like they have a new 'bestfriend' every 2 weeks....
For those who don't like Kickin In? NO SHOTS FOR YOU THAT IMMA GONNA PASS IT AROUND AT THE CONCERT!
Nice pictures Paul! This is a really interesting story. It's amazing how hateful some people are in Temecula!
Denny's in two hours with and !!! It's been to long!
umm ... straight like that , house party , the ride , take you home , racked up shawty , everyday , shidd i like it all lol
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for.
Watching my cat bobbi give birth she on kitten number 3
thanks! Look forward to meeting you too.
RT : "Dogs are forever in the push-up position" -Mitch Hedberg
Foster the People - Houdini #replay yes :)
OK I think multiple posting issues on twitter + fb are over! my isp must be acting up again...
and yet some guys will then put it back in the fridge.
easy class lol. i have bowers right now.. its boring as fuck...
I went through that last night to watch Game of Thrones. Royal pain in the ass, but worth the effort in the end :)
Had a great meeting yesterday for a new #JBCreative project.
Facebook CRM...big idea right there
Whoever thought of 24hr gyms was on their shit!!!
My old nemesis, lower back pain, has returned.
#gymtime you only look good if you feel good!!!
Big Show should be saddest for getting pinned after a chokeslam my mother-in-law would have kicked out of. PS- She could take him.
Mad Men Mad Men Mad Men
I don't know if America is ready for the linguistically correct pronunciation of Cheech Marin.
Promises i never brake emmm .
thanks for all the support and personal championship of #LULAC and LNESC!
Beef jerky and beer >>>
when u coming then??? Holla at yo boy i havent seen yo azz in a long ass time!
It was a really good summer popcorn movie that had no pretensions of being anything else! Win!
I'll make sure deb harvests some corn and strawberries for u. Harvest happy hills time!
I am prepared to meet anyone, but whether anyone is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
They think money and are eager to stage these events with the $$$ as their ideology.
we just might. :)
Carefully checking the mosquito net over my bed. I think my hunter-killer mission with a magazine was successful but...
#swag #swag #swag #swag #swag #swag #swag #SWAG #SWAG #SWAG #SWAG =D
awee what happened =[
Oh fun! I didn't realize you all knew each other! Excited to have the Bowdens back!! :)
Salsa Wednesdays is so much fun! Really thankful for this event! People dance, drink & truly enjoy themselves...
thanks so much to who are scheming with us. So excited to work with them and see where we can take each other.
I feel like just skating through the city...
Thankful for the unprecedented lyricism of
One guy, one guitar, one problem: no girl. I do have some leftover spaghetti and MGD's in the fridge though. Off work Tuesday will be fine.
Team stream has an iPad app!
#Smokeout after party at the Sunshine motel
I'm way too excited to go see titanic tonight
Same ol shit just a different day.
Oh yea...GM people!
RT : They must have captured Gaddafi by using some kind of trap because in the videos everyone's yelling "Admiral Akbar!"
#Awkward. Business dinner meeting and client picks up the check. Leaves only a 10% tip on their credit card receipt. What's your next move?
Thanks for all the new follows. Stay updated for a new dj pack release coming out on beatport next month. ;-)
I thought it was too, but everyone kept saying it was the sickest for them *shrugs*
crap I missed it!!! Did I happen to know the person by chance?!?
I agree Johnny aces needs to be fired I can't stand home
Oh my I want to eat my screen! ~T
The double "wow" huh? Thanks!
over bites
I think my right eye lid is bleeding :( and is dying o no?! Was to do? I need a medic! Wats the numba for 911!?
playing at my favorite retreat spot... Rancho la Puerta Spa in Tecate, Mexico. rancholapuerta.com magnifico
We are always the same age inside. Gertrude Stein
Your Very Welcome!
Any owensborians out there that can fill me in on the bbq fest.
When Your mother has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
Why does woodchuck beer sound amazing right meow
GO GET YOUR ASSHOLE BLEACHED SO IT LOOKS BETTER THAN EVERYONE'S POOPY BROWN ASSHOLE!
Can't wait to get this accounting final so i can head to the derby
OH MY GOD!
Santorum doesn’t want to endorse Romney before their wedding night. The Elephant in My Closet May 25th
Great game Pacers Hats off no doubt. Now Chalmers and D Wade lesson learned step it up and come to play!
Thanks for the good news. We are happy they are doing well. They are in good hands :)
I second that to the highest degree.Need a Durham/Raleigh/CLT party bus next yr! /cc
Twitter oh how i missed you!!
The best way to appreciate somthing is to be without it for a while.
Finished the photo shoot today footage coming soon!
Kick, Push, Kick, Push, Kick, Push, Kick, Push Coast! For all my homies out there Grindin.
Sounds like a plan!!
Soo worried right now....!
"On Friday, James told reporters that he would consider participating in the Dunk Contest if there was a substantial winner-take-all prize."
I had such a blessed day. I was touched deeply by these kids. It was an amazing experience. Tonight will be epic as well.
“Attitudes are contagious, is yours worth catching?”
happy mothers day queen kris
Close. Piers Morgan interviewing Zimmermann's brother. Talking black women in porn with paper-writing pal takes the edge off.
No cabs at the Milwaukee airport to bring us home.
and why wouldn't you. It only makes sense to chronical that.
*searches "teen" on tumblr* RT : Lololol I searched "teen" on tumblr and all these n00dz popped up.
NL: Prince-Adore
come visit our booth at SD pride tomorrow--say hi and take advantage of some great specials!
I have seen some major chokes in my time,but this takes the cake...
I'm sure you'll do well though.
Don't miss us at the Home Show Fri-Sun booth 927 at the AZ State Fairgrounds! Gonna be a blast!
#phxfirstfriday May 4th jewelry will be SO SO EXCITED!!!! Come by to say hi
another tornado?
the Michael Jordan ESPN commercial is amazing.
Who saw the new bad girls club last night?
i know i think she will in a matter of weeks
I have seen do talks to legal academics, and a short talk on specific LAM issues, but not quite like this.
Ok I am late but Royce's man Is too cute!! Aw 😍
Heart attack city.
Done Talking splits leaders and closes in the #IllinoisDerby. Anybody else see him stare down the grandstand as he made his move?
seriously. Formula got me hooked lol.
S.O.E....? You awready know!! STUDIO OVER EVERYTHING!!! Oldies But Goodies due JUNE 28th!! New track dropping this week!!
Dry hair troubles? Stop in and pick up Joico's Intense Hydrator conditioner and spray. Your locks will be back to life in no time!
because your being mean! :D it reminds me when im with you, big o dummy -_-
Man-aid sticks on you like a band-aid.
Gotta beat indiana pacers now to have home court and get in the weight room!
Mike hooks up the male fashion advice... White cuffs
So ready for break!
Ugh ! This stupid orchestra concert is gonna make me miss seeing MB! Well I gotta go to this concert now adios!
bummer! but keep us in mind
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. ~Mark Twain
#LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 Help us trend horan fans!
A #BFFoodieFactoid - today in 1733 Joseph Priestly invented carbonated water (seltzer).
Hey there new friends. Thank you for following me:
#LiveMyLife = AMAZING! :DD Had a SUPER SUCKY day ..hearing that song cheered me up (: #Belieber <3 please follow back.
visit us today and get a new tattoo or piercing! (John D is piercing all day. John C, Dana and Dag all have tattoo time!)
I don't know really its to late to think! I will text you or Kelly tomorrow! #goodnight <3
and at last, all the pictures have been burned and all the past is just a lesson that we've learned, i wont forget, please dont forget US
So glad you love it!
will be pleased to know I bought a bike to commute to work today
your 5 + years of Twitter also probably make you speak in short sentences, yes? It's an affliction for many of us.
Finally made it to Brands as Patterns after facing the current downpour happening on Austin
Gunna make the best outta my last day here.
If paid subscriber to NYT, WSJ tweets out link, non-subscriber can click thru & read. Big service to non-subscriber followers.
We need to get you on CBS... 10TV. :)
had so much fun with last night
are you in arizona?
N O
I love new apps! Phonto allows you to add text (like your brand name) to your pictures
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
no chuck... try again.
Big game tonight. Danny Granger;s still my boy and gonna do some serious damage against the Magic. Big Night, Indy get behind your team.
Working out the dancers
Working out is never easy. today I took my dog out for a walk and did some boxing. man I really didn't know how out of shape I was.
I will not be spiteful *repeats 30 times*
wow that is so rude haha
Whatever you do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius and power and magic in it. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
RT : Six hours of first aid training today. I can save the fuck out of some babies.
So, what's this big AAUP news, peeps?
July is where its at. Cough** the 5th **cough
Too many things on my mind. Trying to fall asleep to some & 's voice
thank you for the RT! Merry Christmas!
At least I have a little Rod y Gab to massage my earballs as I write this bs "reflection" final
...and tall handsome glasses wearing Irish men?
Thanks for the feedback about my photos from #Guatemala. I checked out your site, photos, history. You are doing great things!
it also puts you a five minute walk from Finale, where you can get the best whoopie pie in the universe (or other dessert)
ONE DIRECTION IS COMING TO PHILADELPHIA ON July 6th!!! MY BIRTHDAY AND WHERE I LIFE!!! I NEED TO SEE THEM!!!!
Thanks for the inclusion! Glad to make the grade!
do you sponsor motorsports, if so where could I send my proposal
so I found a new phrase.getting hits and licking clits!
Hi im a new book author can any help with advice on how to publish
Even tho it has nothing to do w BBQ
I have been indulging an insatiable appetite for silence for about 2 weeks now. It seems all I want is quiet when I can get it.
goodnight hope you have a good day at school tomorrow
noticing a marked decrease in pornbot followers. perhaps due to my use of real names instead of 'prick'. cc:
Blueberry muffin, eh? I'm a blueberry fan myself.
we suppose to be getting one eventually
my voice sounds like 'ALKSDJF;LDSFKHFDGJ'
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
I'm not going.
Hm.....I suppose time will tell :)
go girl!!
Good morning/afternoon/evening everyone!
Let's run away and don't ever look back, don't ever look back :3
Band names are either the best or the worst.
I'm such a buzzzyy bee!
thatnigga a grown boy
thanks, happy Monday
"i'm brennan." "i'm dale but you have to call me dragon." "you have to call me nighthawk."
well this is a fun conversation
No problem with the call to Loe there. Big problem with his first pitch.
Holy slices Batman!! Bubba and Louie in pressure cooker now! #whowantsitmore?
Try a slice of our orange yogurt coffeecake --- moist yogurt coffeecake with orange zest!!!!
Hey, thanks!
you love me, I know you do! :')
I know some girls who've never seen dirty dancing or pretty woman. Who's old now?
Amazon's textbook rental prices STILL expensive for full semester. Opens door further for free/alternative options.
Photos of the
$4 off any Beer, Wine or Cocktail and Tapas Specials during our Happy Hour Monday - Friday 4:30-6:30pm
Its hard 2 make money b real easy 2 spend it!!!
Them nappy headed hoes, but my kitchen good. I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish a bitch would!
We closed the place down . . .with sorbets RT : sitting outdoors at DeCarlo's so I guess no rain tonight!
Well that is just infuriating Captials, and completely embarrassing.
Photos from the wires: Animals show off for the camera
welcome honey bee!
only looking for to 4 matches
Being too busy to think feels good, execution is a lost art.
I saw #FartDog in broad daylight today!! Something is this town is afoot....
and also would be interesting to visualize adjunct pay vis a vis administrator and ttf pay, student tuition, etc.
Should be asleep right now.
Watching EMBARK ON THE VISION PT.3 WITH SISTER MATHIS SPEAKS LIFE via the premiere of 1 of my songs that aired on 106.5 fm Mon
We second that! RT : Huge shout out to for the awesome #zenden experience at #SXSW!
Looking forward to ULI this week
Getting ready to play Cinespace in Hollywood tonight, gonna be fun!
I think I had a pet rock around the same time I had a mood ring. Ahh, those were inanimate object days...
- nifty tool. Always an interesting thing to see how people slice up data.
I think it was to assuage my concerns about the discovery of a need for an immediate root canal. But still nice!
It's Friday the 13th. I'm not supersticious, but I'm a little sticious.
So sad to see them all go #BBN good luck next year
What is #socialCRM and why does it matter to your biz? Find out on 10/20 when you get $1k worth of free stuff from us:...
Men Are From Gary, Women Are From Tallahassee
Patient advocate Helen Kurylio sharing her experience with helping aging parents.
“: man damn R.I.P Don Cornelius :(” agreed well respected !
Not a grand day.
whats your user name?
I wanna live in Philly they love their team
NO. UGH. SARAH WHY.
Brrr... Fall is here! It's a great time to curl up with a cup of hot cocoa and give to the Risd Annual Fund!
The GAB is now reviewing issues with signatures in the Walker petitions.
“: Every effort brings us one step closer to our goals of becoming a better teammate! #athleteswag”
Jimmy Luv's Bloody Mary mix! It was delicious. RT : awesome! which one was your favorite?
no! not together!
we'll be there!
Oh bacon, why must you be so tasty, yet so bad for me?
determined to win these tickets!!
Integrate the client project task time module with Twitter
Don't you know my nigga gutta is good at kidnapping kids. Fuck em in the ass, throw em over the bridge, that's how it is.#RIP BIG
do u think its torn?
I just saw it. I liked it but the creature could have been better! The Host is the best cgi creature.
Why can't these lil kids take a nap on this bus like damn
I miss you too! Imma gonna phone you this weekend. Enjoy the rest of your vacay dogg.
I'm traveling again today & I realize the differece between air travel & prison is that at least there are no screaming babies in lock-up.
Gamasutra wants to charge me a minimum of $385 to post a job. I'd rather grab a table with sign "Hiring Artist, Free Beer!"
M, a tasty snack...don't mind if I do!
This Parking Enforcement agent on his Segway has a terrifying efficiency about him. Someone parks and he just FLIES.
So excited for our family trip to Phoenix this week! Lots of planning and packing for the next couple days...
I feel bad for this guy who is dressed as a foot :P
WSJ "The Latin warning "caveat lector"—let the reader beware—applies even more in the digital world."
Today I don't feel like doing anything.
kolb to san fran for frank gore 2rd pick next yr
Bring The Secret Circle Back!!
oh, I feel so special now.
you dont like my gap? Wowww....
no we are in 311. Up and behind homeplate
Here's your tweetback. Sorry.
Thanks Aaron!
the maximum age for adoption in the US in 18...haha!! So you still have one year left :P #justsayin xD
And when I get back I'll spend all afternoon adding software to it rather than fixing ticketed issues.
Continue on with your witty one-liners, I have stepped away from the liquids.
You on the East Coast so Happy Birthday
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in India. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
good morning!
*bitch. RT : The only 'B' word a female should be called is Beautiful..♥
If there's Austin Mahone Flashmob in your country , will you join in ?
Tweeting is for kings! and I = living like kings in 3m!
Hey how you doing? I was wondering if i could send you guys some music? It hink i did one of your first shows with Problim Child! LMK
there's some crab thing happening tonight DID YOU HEAR?
I guess they rubbed him the wrong way ! He got a poignant ending
Make Her Beg
Would love it!!!!!
Why is that?!
The preview still doesn't give it away, and besides Cody already gave away the entire prank before the preview came out lol
dont go, but sweet dreams;)
An 11-year-old just asked me if I've been to Dub Land Underground...
My brother chris just said this girl he like look like a man lol
Buddy, Buddy, Buddy all up in your face.
Thanks to our breakout session presenters Steve Turnbo of , Kevin Lee of , Debra Hopkins of !
I think of you too Jo, you are too sweet. We were killin 'em.
Elle oh elle
Having a great time @ the Unit Blk. Of Randolph PL. NW Block Party! Bloomingdale Rocks!
that is really funny. :-)
Sounds great.
What 480 Ain't Enough!? e.e Greedy Ass Niggah!
Heeyy u got a twitter(:
I should've done it sooner!
Awesome! TU has a strong alumni network. I'm looking into grad schools for sport comm. so I look forward to your posts!
Day for of my diet.... not happy!
Maryland has the worst uniforms I have ever seen!!
ok, my dearest bought our shih tzu some doggie treats - "bison and sweet potato," to be exact. How about "buffalo and sweet potato?"
ill be 2 kick for you 2 even notice lol
Worst smell.
Last minute Mothers Day in Mammoth with www.mammothrentalbyowner.com
true..as not all jobs are worth doing so not all businesses are worth funding..all entrepreneurs learn this the hard way
my woman can park like the devil in new shoes!
Love people. Use things. Not vice-versa.
RT Lions and Wings score a minute apart. Awesome!
Happy :) Great things are coming!
Gearing up for #free #Pinkberry tonight (6-9pm) at the new South Shore Plaza location! Who's coming??
Hi Mandy!
Okay, thanks! You all are a great resource. Thanks for being so prompt. I am going to go like you on Facebook now.
thank you!
oh & yes i get it. Lol didnt i tell you that one ? hah
Internet access been via 3G has been miserable all day long. Wth #verizon?
I have a dress I have to be able to fit into for next month...I Guess no junk food for me :'(
Find ways to reduce UIC's operating cost by improving efficiencies. Then get rid of the fee. Energy saving is money saving.
I used to slam my baby brother's head in doors. Now he tells me he accepted a post in CO. and I cry all night. My,
haha, the language family that won't die
Been working late again. I guess I should go to bed ...
O ok. I will look into it to see what the cause may be. Let me know if you have any other problems.
Free at the corner of Van Buren & State! Get it while the gettin's good!
Vampire photo shoot was super hot.
Lavender can soothe/cleanse cuts/bruises/skin irritations. French scientist René Gattefossé discovered when burned in a lab explosion.
Needed to hear this today :) RT: Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. ~ Eckhart Tolle
RT : the Dane Co. circuit court will take up Nygren v. WI GAB friday morning at 9:00AM
That last tweet was supposed to be a question. Rhetorical, but a question nonetheless.
real mature, Rondell
Now featuring the talented Joey Curtin at solopiano.com!
Feels good to be back on American soil!
and made Dr. Octopus into a cop! What more does NBC want? Maybe Dick Wolf ought to pitch the whole franchise to CBS, ABC, or TNT!
Gonna tear up the patio tonight with sum bags, craft sailor jerry cocktails, and dj billy boy brad on them summer jams.
This game tho....:| stressed
Lovin' "The Horse in Motion" tribute today from
I only have 2 Rules Rule #1: I’m always right. Rule #2: If you ever think I'm wrong, please see Rule
Friday nights are always the same in this town..
I'm super stoked to see on Friday! Maybe I can find the courage to talk to if I see him again
#TwoThingsThatDontMix milk and lemonade
I only have 6 Contacts -.- my phone doesn't do any numbers at all anymorec
WOO!!! you get the same thing i get! YES!!!
haha you're dumb trey.
“But the wild things cried, “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up- we love you so!” RIP Maurice Sendak.
"They say the f word in the first song!" "They sound like Queen there." "You can't hear that girl at all!"- My mom's reaction to fun.'s C.D.
la senza has gone ??????? this is bad, very bad. clinton cards, fucking doomed to home made piss poor paper cards now
I turn 25 at da end of da month & I'm cool w/ that lol! I think after 25 it's all down hill:( damm I'm getting OLD
Thanks for the mention, hun!
There's a dumb, crippled bug that keeps running into my window and im suprise its noit dead. WHAT POINT DOES IT NOT GET, IT CAN'T GET IN!
: Hey lady! Just got yr message... depends on the context. Want to email me some details?
Good weed u know a nigga really need that the head was so good a nigga felt it in his kneecaps
"Being John Malkovich" <-- this movie is insane.... I feel like I'm losing my mind
Will be attending the World Tea Expo in Las Vegas on June 24th and 25th.
Watching Big 12 Tournament, Final: Teams TBA with Viggle Sat | 6PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hard to believe Danny Green starts for San Antonio and didnt even see the floor in Cleveland
Ugh, trying to get a virus off my computer! Not cool.
life would be perfection then <3
Thanks for the #followfriday last week
love the draped bed!
Mummies are just gift wrapped zombies.
Soup of the day is Chicken and Rice.
Just back from a hike at Emma Long. Great day in ATX
It's a Snow and Ice ocalypse in the Northwest. Remember the day you'd eat icicles off the gutter. Now it just seems gross!
I'm just High off Life!
This is awesome!
Lmao i'm playing, y'all are good tho! and tell Mal to hmu
Thanks so much for the RT ;)
Sweep is sweet
That was me. It was a great show and I'm loving the new
It's 7:21am on the east coast and It's Mothers Days I gotta be at work by 9:30am for Mothers day brunch it's going to be hell
Forrester Research survey: 31% of publishers believe iPad, tablets were ideal ereading platforms; a year ago it was 46%.
i seriously only want the left side of my nose pierced because of austin carlile.... ha.
i cant change my Avatar too :(
Agreed. Although hard work isn't bad, being a jerk or a brown noser is a mark against.
Thanks for the love ! Hope you, & can make it up for the Meet & Tweet! Details coming at ya' via DM.
Have a very Mario Christmas! We're CLOSED today, 12/25 and will resume normal hours tomorrow, Monday 12/26!
You're not crazy! You're just a badass juggler.
that really explains Forest Lawn's gardens lushness.
Hello there! Have a pleasant morning! :-)
Happy to have you, hope you're having fun! RT : Hitting up with the fellow cast, and some of the crew on our day off!!
Sounds yummy; enjoy!
Friday night
Totally botched up my solo audition today. Dang what's wrong with me!! :(
Happy birthdays to co-founder Tess Cinpinski and happy belated birthday to Artistic Director Michael Cotey, whose birthday was on Tuesday!
cute pumpkin. add me?
u gotta record it
Haha yeah. I saw you picked up Evan Moore. Probably the best option.
searching for Quality Assurance Supervisors and Managers with food industry experience. email resume to
- it's adorable! Actually, I always love all your handmade brooches. :)
“ #MCC2012 kicks off 2nite w the Gala! Can't wait to represent KC this weekend for & !”
Probably doesn't help your cause that they tweeted back at you. Don't worry though, nobody follows
To mad to even try to read while im working out. Today is more of a massacre your body kinda day.
LOOKN 2 GT ON THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE IN THE A GET ALL MUSIC R SUBMITTED 2 SPOTS R GOING FAST
u never told us what #BMT meant last year? BMT crew still alive?
Do you qualify for a strategic short sale?
That could be argued. 's main point is our apparent inability to apply cost-benefit practices to the cost of prison.
Technology risk and bene in wsj
Is anyone going to see on Saturday in Columbus? There's still tickets on sale. I want to go!
I'm so fucking mad I lost my only menthol cigarette
Costa Cruises sails to the most exciting, desirable places in the world-more than any cruise line! Where do u want to go? Call 800-803-7245!
I know I shouldn't be crying of such useless people but I can't help it.
At SF Superior
Hope you'll all join me on my "Vampire Roadtrip" my character "Leo" will be a Real Pain in YOUR neck! lol
thank you for the follow Brian! We hope to see you soon!
Do we get to see a pic of the dress? :)
blood filled lines near the surface of the skin or on the inner linings of the lips or mouth .keloidsurvey.com
Duke wld have won yesterday if played. Hope his injury is minor. Need him.
and they're coming back this summer again all of the girls in my class are crazy to go to their conert *.*
definitely a beautiful day! Have a great meeting and thanks for having it here in CITYCENTRE.
I got a text from about this craziness earlier. I might be in. However, I had a date to watch GoT that night, too.
11:11 wish is I wish things would get better..and that you would follow me(: <3
Since you all aren't doing anything else, how abt reading the Constit nto the record again. Spend some time on 14th Amend.
Isn't badly written and uninteresting an obvious problem?
Please leave feedback/suggestions for the site in the conact box.
RT : code is 1 tool set, like a sewing or soldering. Hackasaurus:
depends on your mood.
que paso!? idk if thats how you spell it..im not a mexiCAN. lol
Yes I could! Hey go follow and
Welcome to SPH Commencement 2012! If you’re following the event on Twitter, let us know.
sugga sugga how u get so
Come use your magical powers and make it all better. :c
Happy labor day everyone!
I don't really like the #GameOfThrones books, but damn it, I'm watching the TV show. BUT ONLY BECAUSE OF PETER DINKLAGE.
doing much better, thank you
Mom watching #DowntonAbbey S1: Oh dear I sense trouble. You're an ass. What an ass. What an asshole. Oh shit. Oh shit. Woo boy what a bitch.
I'm telling Ma! RT : ": #Aquarius Sex Position: The Sit on Me" .....This is dead on accurate!!! BOL!!!
Where is your #SummerOfSpeed sticker? Post it on our FB wall and you might be featured as our Cover photo!
Good morning Twitter!
Quality messages are what matters. Why does it matter who one claims to channel? Ones words should be grounded in goodness, beauty, wisdom.
Since you live in Ohio please follow , they're having a charity concert soon with amazing young artist.<3
If you want me to follow you back, Ask. NOW
You're right! A lovely photo! Thanks for sharing! :) p.s. you're always welcome to come back and visit!
congratulations on a huge win in Frisco. On to Super Bowl! Make history! We are All In!! Go Giants!
Let me touch the cooch quit playin.
I Just Woke Up & My Ankle STILL Swollen!
1st day back after Boston trip, why is it so hard to figure out what went on when you had a sub?
RT : #WetDreams May 25th.... Me and DJ Chose Indmix at Chancellors Pool Hall!!! POOOOLLLL PARTY
I just joined a community on named DATINGADULT
oh I get now lol
asked my Duke friends if they like , they said absolutely. Then I put them in their place when I told them she is a UNC fan!
Just got back from an evening out...and I don't want #Monday to come!
Clearly Babs is immortal, it's been a haphazard science but that much we've established today.
Let's go Mexico !!!
Opposition stands opposing charter but no parents want a charter. Where did this misinformation start?
Want to crawl right back into bed and stay there
We need the rich people so that the poor will have something to aspire to.
I actually did something today #surprising !!! haha
o. Those are snazzy cards! :)
soon, hopefully!
In photos Kristen Stewart always looks like it's her creepy uncle taking them
This is it!
please end the cardinal slobfest.
And happy Mother's Day to my mother-in-law, Libby Scruggs, too!
I've been a bit out of the Twitter loop, but I appreciate the congrats!
you sound like a first time mother after your child takes their first steps looooooooooool
I'm thinking of possibly starting to do a daily #RandomThoughtOfTheDay type thing as well.. So Many things I wanna voice. Yay or nay?
With in NYC! Book launch - Sex, Drugs and Superheroes! Get it, bitches!
hey Cam <3
Q3: What do you think the biggest challenge is on #MainStreet now?
Search out people that have listed hobbies and interests, which are related to your business.
Next up at #upstream2012: Photo opp with Kimberly Williams Paisley and Lab + Lounge!
is Dave Chapelle opening for him, lol!
Take him out FED!
Inside the banquet hall @ #ActionOnFilm awards ceremony. Spotted actor
Just cuz someone flirts doesnt mean they like u, just cuz someone likes u doesnt mean they love u....not everything is the way u think it is
Needs wounds wants wins authority
Thanks for coming all!
Give Kids a Smile Day tomorrow here at Levine Dental. Get your kids to the screenings for next year if you need the help. Contact the WDA
I'm young, wild, and free! ;D
feel free to follow me Carol. :-)
I hurt my back picking up something heavy today. There's a first time for everything.
RT : Turns out they'll sell a wizard hat to just anybody!
This music video is a fail.
Great call on the B.J. Ryan comp. And look how far that got him...
I love it when you're here but I'm better when you're gone
Pretty much as long as I can remember!
giv students a study guide & have them make flash cards. Then time them as they pair up & quiz each other.
Great chatting with you too!
FIAT: a car? or... the third singular present subjunctive passive conjugation of the Latin verb facio (facere)?
Thanking God 4 blessing me. #rise&grind Gettin ready 4 work. #humpday already yay!!! Everybody have a great day! :)
Only unlimited is available as in app purchase and is tied to the devices. Premium account won’t be offered through iTunes.
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 10
Haha, that'd be epic!!!
im doing good, im graduating on May 24th.. cant wait :")
Lmao today was too funny, had me rolleng. :D
My brother always says nothing happens before the fullness of time. Hoping my time is full because I'm ready!
I should have known you'd already be on top of that. ;-)
so sad to hear it. Grew up listening to them. Sorry to the rest of the crew and family.
okay! Mike is here lol
Got today and knocked 17 mins of my commute
My fam be tellin me his whole life story when we high....i swear lol
This was such a long week! Tgif
black cus my dye faded and I have bits of blonde and brown. I'm doing mine today:) idk what to do makeup wise blah
#Foxtrot automates data entry. If you use Foxtrot....you can redeploy your team from manual data entry to other mission critical projects.
I hate any kind of duvet besides a big heavy one
#FACEBOOK is changing so much its gonna get dumped rejected then sold....just like #MYSPACE smh -_-
Where do you go in this town to get a nice looking key chain?!
Follow our record label! !
Wow! I do not miss those NY prices!
It's so foggy by the lake right now that my glasses are fogging up. You've been in an unusual mood this week,
any chance you can call me in the next hour? x2102
People come into your life at the exact moment you need them too. They leave when they're supposed to :( Hate that this is so true :( : (
Goodnight. (: #school tomorrow.
Why is everyone getting so sappy about school ending?
Pennsylvania proud. Well done,
and I used to be class clowns... Those were the days.. where I gave no fucks!! Lol
would love to never go to Baldwin again
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-03
Thanks! Now, to help you find a few coat hooks....
Definitely wish Detroit would stop winning..
Still have this song stuck in my head.
well me and jessica was gonna go to the 99 since we didnt go friday
Last seven shows left for #DonQuixote -better get my separation anxiety pills ready cuz I'm gonna be missing my cast dearly!
Whatever we think about and thank about we bring about. ~John Demartini
That's great!
Hi Emily! Thank you for following me.
Inception, grimy Logan Theater, soft jazz before the show. Such an "Edward Hopper" moment.
yup he had a contest on twitter and I won. i've been guestlisted to most of his shows and he recognized me every time we met
CAS181 CAS215 are already done..feelings hurt...yeah I know they are your life is trying to cause me not to succeed so 1841 of you. KlanMan
I should be asking you the same thing.... you dont like the show?
nope. You will lose weight all over
im already starting to handle dat
im gud n u
new shows and tunes on the way
Then I am passing the "do nothing" torch on to you. Make me proud!
StepUp3D Soundtrack "Up" by ( & ) #JMacUp <-- help us trend & RT?
I hope the spoonbills have it better w/o Dr No
i hold on to things for to long sometimes
I miss you! It's been way too long.
I hate when people text you like a million times in a row! Obviously I'm busy or I don't want to talk to you!
Catching our breath from a busy week for CD & DVD duplication and the apparel & t-shirt printing was through the roof. Momentum. Sweet!
i know.. How are things?
Did you try the Tan-A at Broad & Horsepen?
Dying. Someone bring me Bob Evans please and thanks.
We will be giving periodic game updates on Twitter.. Follow every pitch with Live Video, Audio & Stats with links on our site to coverage.
Cant wait to sit in my big chair tonight with my little girl.
& if a coach tries harder because his job is on the line, he deserves 2 be fired. U should already be working as hard as u possibly can.
Would love to reach 2,000 twitter followers in a few months. Thanks to all for all your support.
She's prettier than I'll ever be... Got yourself a beauty queen..
I'm so blessed! Thank you God for a wonderful 2011 and I can't wait to see what you've planned for me in 2012!
this is a SERIOUS QUESTION. when guys get older [old men] do their penises shrink? lol.
we don't advertise publicly
PERFECTION IS NOT JUST ABOUT CONTROL. IT'S ALSO ABOUT LETTING GO!!! SURPRISE YOURSELF.
30 days out of classes? 😡 This is not fair
Who has downloaded our free Chicago-based app and used it? What are your initial thoughts?
lololol she lounges all over me!
shit I know! -__- I would have done anything to be there Instead!!
is the worst friend ever
quote: Walker’s new #s are little more than an incredibly transparent effort to create a false reality to mislead WI voters
Yo. Where did you say you're living next year?
120 some odd credits, thousands of hours and 4 crazy years. College is done.
Madaris and Cox... nice work Dantonio. Nice work on them all.
thanks to everyone that came out for our Performathon & Open House today!
Yes, especially with boys! Or you could say especially with Joel! ;)
8EST join a few of my wealthy friends & I as we share how u can join us on the journey 2 the #1 lifestyle in the world. 646-519-5860 pin...
Bacon Soda exists.
I've spent 15mins looking for my glasses ....
love seeing Iona in the mix for all these guys!
On twitter from jayces iphone. 😌
i still dont know what sort of mayan apocalypse facebook can pull off knowing i like labradors, ice hockey, and whiskey
Yo! How the heck are ya?!
I want to be in #SpringAwakening so bad.
Ok people, don't call me, it's #MadMen Time //
been looking forever for my vinegar mothers thanks guys! Also great website can't wait to exlore more of your products!!
sexism and racism are institutional. We all can be tools of oppression (to piggyback on your statement.)
Been pondering 's post mortem on the profession of food writing. Rather than despair, I feel tremendous opportunity afoot. You?
Man, having a day job is really cutting into my social media time. ;)
If you followed , let me know :) I will give you a SHOUTOUT :D
thanx for the follow ! looking forward to connecting...
yes, your right...SUBWAY! :D <3 -Kayla
Who's ready?? Me and are bout to TAKE OVER let's go!
So many celeb deals from that show RT : #DWTS deal alert. #NFL HOF = www.yes2chiropractic.com (print ads, etc.)
okay. now i'm mad.
I've never smoked a day in my life, but tonight is just one of those nights where I need a fat ass motherfucking blunt..
nightmare about zombies attacking last night. #BestZombieAttackPlanEver belongs to
how much did the HEAT pay the announcers to say all that garbage about how we should embrace them
#imagine Austin gives his jacket when you're cold. Aww so sweet <3
anyone considering OccupyD65?
http:www.infatuationclothing.com
you. are. a. genius.
OK, I am u uber jealous. What is this special you speak of? What's it called? I love Jon Quick interviews!
I know right! Looking forward to it!
I can't wait to see your halloween costume.
Wonder if they give the President an ID badge like they do other Federal workers or if he just says 'Hi, I'm the President'?
I pray to God that he may preserve your health and life many years.
hang soon ?
They need lots of good soil at that age.
Paying for flight to and from, hotel, food, and transportation. Real nice.
HOGS are 6 in the BCS!! WOO PIG SOOIE!!
A wise man (Charles Buxton) once said "Success is due less to ability than to zeal." We couldn't agree more!
I like legit freaked out last night. Not even kidding.
one of the most fundamental discoveries of is the awesome transformative power of enigmatic black flags.
check out the inspirational (and now clean shaven!) , what a kiddush hashem buddy!
i can understand whyy he said wtf tho. Its strange.
Too late. Not a good time!
Yeah dude. Don't need to think about Lacee's vagina.
What did you do this time?
Staying in school longer than you should be is no fun at all...
Denielson is the least desirable of that group
I love that moment at your new job where you can finally turn your body on auto-pilot and your brain on sleep mode.
where's ?
and just how does Duke go about choosing which athlete that is, I wonder...
So again, a HUGE thank you to and for the gifts we'll be getting soon from !! Love YOU!!!💛
ok. i've got the prescription (chantix.) i'm going to do it this time. and i'm telling the world to embarrass myself into succeeding
Driving out to utah.
Ask your Vet about Salmon Oil (Omega 3) we have it-helps reduce the allergic inflammation in pets.
Thank you for visiting! RT : im certainly with you on that one go Apes !!! an thank u for ur excellent info :-)))
I used to date one of the descendants of Burnside. She was/is really awesome, though she doesn't sport the chops.
got to find time to live a little lol
don't know what they're going for nowadays, have a blast at the raceway!
I'm about to get it too! How is it treating ya? Nice to see a fellow pilot on twitter.
Please follow me! and if you Belieber boy I will follow you rusher arianator! :D
well it failed...clearly. I'm always in the loop, so clearly they didn't do enough ;)
Seriously. Tanning is such an unhealthy habit, I hope they make her the posterchild to demonstrate why not to tan.
We were having a boring conversation about EAD. Trust me, you're glad you missed it.
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
not even noon &im ready for a nap
It's not a fear of failure, it's a fear of success. Of having something to lose. That's why I can't keep nothing, or reach for nothing, fear
That sounds so much better.
Ladies Night!!z Free drinks for the ladies Plus playing Bad Boys and Bad Boys 2 for extra entertainment
not that much... but I don't sleep a lot :/ twitter/tumblr addict xD
Bon Iver really should just legally change his name to Bon I-motherf**kin'-ver. Because holy crap. That was an amazing show last night.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
i following you but you are not following me but i would like you to
Watching Victorious!
Bored as heck. Add me on Skype. Cassi.case
Wonderful walk to the park this morning with my lil one. Now, catching up on work, later family movie night!
The party at the disco was so much fun! The cruise went to Rick's Cafe yesterday. Have you ever seen the sun set there? INCREDIBLE!!!
- great presentation
The Pandora news letter that you sent me with our music.
Who will be this years cinderella team in the big dance?
Today was a Good Day.
got up 1 hour early to jog 30 mins in the park. The other 30 was to shower & play w/ my dog before I left to work
#E3onG4 #Battlefield3 will put #GhostRecon in its grave for good..
Happy Hour. $1 High Life grenades and $1 shots of KK whiskey. Open now.
offensive sets still could use work at times.
Breaking in new rugby boots is the worst...eight pretty nasty blisters that force me to have to tend to my feet
We're moving our hosted clients to AWS this month. Just closed a Media Temple account after 4 great years.
Denny's with ☕❤
Thank you for the RT!! You Rock! Create a wonderful evening!!
Off in search of food and beer. Gee, I wonder where I'll end up?
Nearly newsprint type paper.
Flying to Brentwood TN today. That's territory!
It's a pride thing. If you knock a guy out. It boosts your self esteem. Gets you helmet stickers/other rewards.
Sense the disapproving tone***
Watch the #NFLDraft with us tonight at ! We'll be gathering around 6:30. Please help spread the word!
They wept. But it was a joyous occasion.
$3.64 (member price), $3.71 (non-member), as of this morning. Mobil is always higher.
I used to think I'd last forever. I USED TO THINK I'D LAST FOREVER. FORREVVERR.
Ohlendorf is throwing batting bractice tonight
I love what said on #Smackdown in his interview about himself
They won't hit u like I will /my only wish is I die real /cause that truth hurt and those lies heal can't sleep thinking that he lied still
“: And one more night doing what I love, with people I adore. Late nights & long drives home are so worth it!” #beyonceworks yeaa
I think of the people of Mali. I hope times of trouble dissolve and the sound of the kora rebound in peace.
You told me i was an angel sent from above and that i was your everything so why did you throw me away?
It's 4:22 pm my mom asks me want i want for a snack...I say buiscuits. Is that weird? She made 'em too. :D
Be the next person on your block to have your home transformed by Mr.D's painting.Find out why or motto is "We Love to paint" and much more.
Cuz they both have dreads. Wait, no they don't.
Trying to get the wife to learn to Scorecard on the IPad.. Would be easier to raise titanic.
I've been sick two times this school year. Cross country and track ccls. Awesome. #whyismykarmasobad?
Just saved the 2012 season last night,
": Bristol Palin criticizes Obama for talking his gay marriage decision over with family and friends" -who asked her?
On chatroulette and I asked this girl, "Does your mother know you are prostituting on the internet?" She said no, and started crying lol
ha! thanks. I was brought up by a dad who would quiz me on 70s and 80s bands on my way to sporting events
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Thanks! We're glad you enjoyed your trip! RT : The dallas Holocaust museum really was an amazing experience!
Your disfigured and repulsive face is raping my fuckin' eyes.
Follow back friends
Eoc tomorrow👩🔫 but spring practice tomorrow night 😊
thank you so much!
umum I really don't know :/ initials?
there's always room for improvement.
Any questions from the virtual world for ?
Seriously crazy #traffic there at that hour. Makes you wish you could grow wings.
“: My boss just said Ben roethlisberger is a warrior. #umwhat?” he is big time
We on the rise
Regardless of what anyone might say, the music bus has a bright future ahead of it.
I'd rather lose myself in passion than lose my passion.
After today when I post RP2012! I won't need to clarify it by saying I'm not talking about Rick Perry.
If you walk around singing a song in your head go on and admit it you have #bieberfever lol
This time he tweeted mirthful glance
this is us smiling at your wry comment.
Great to meet with to hear about her experience with Pando. SUCH good ideas, like having mentors w/ "office hours" every month.
There are so many talented people, who because of lack of opportunity or roles, have never had the chance to shine on a national stage.
who wants to chat on skype
Back in the office after Little Brown Jug. It was wet and cold but I had a great time anyway!
There's has to be a fine line between a tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos. Ha!
Just then love dances Upon the ‘scape, planting seed Cinders’ wake awash
I love driving!!!
I am so happy this is the very last day of 2011. Seriously.
this is very true!
yes yes it is :)
Had fun in VIP first Time at Envys...pics comin soon
you're awesome
of course u add
Damn I'm going hard in the studio
Tonight will be different. Heh {RT : So I woke up this morning and wasn't hungover. I think I did something wrong.
Tell a girl she’s beautiful a million times, and she’ll never believe you. Call her ugly once, and she’ll never forget it
Yum Starbucks mocha frap!
we are tweeting from tonight for
thanks for the follow! :)
What's everyone up to this weekend? Still got friday ahead, but we're ready to take on the weekend.
Good poetry by the way.
I loved my day today ! , excited for tomorrow (:
You can't drink the wine until it's time otherwise u'll be drinkin vin
Monsters fall 1-0 in a shoot out to Toronto.
GS Encinitas Bath Remodel has ALSO come on board offering 20% off to Diversity Platinum members!
Dropped by New Orleans Audi for tix giveaway. To say it is chaos would be an understatement. No plan for managing ppl here.
Gym flow motivation--Remember When
anyone know of a good HTML email blast tutorial?
had fun todaayy
I haven't even mentioned Marquis Teague's recruitment.
I will celebrate #Braun's exoneration by partaking in the product produced by his team's namesake... That's queer for "Ima drink some beer".
so you're saying...the golf balls were...too good cord their home?!
You're welcome.": Toni has assembled some hotties from the Wheel of Men. We're gonna get to know them next on the "
I can't wait to see tomorrow at The Loft!
my son's favorite cookies! I wanna brake the #OreoPinata!
Found bird feathers, a busted pen (ink everywhere), and a dead lizard at one of our public computer desks this morning. WTF?!
I've been a good boy
i attend both ALAs for cmte work (altho Anaheim is far!!). i like LITA Forum (will be speaking there) & ACRL next yr shld be great!
Good Morning, it's a delicious morning on the left coast. Scrumptious coffee, bright skies and warmth.
Told again I have a pretty nose, #awkward but nice.
Please follow back..recommended by JayPrince FFTAmg
So of just announced element sharing to Facebook, Twitter, etc.
aww ): I hope you get Better soon(:
Everbody talkin bout some damn rain I anit seen not a damn drop.....IJS
Flying out of ORD UAL terminal it's an alt universe to AA terminal - so similar but also so different
I have never met a disappointed Prius owner. Enjoy!
. Why is it anyone else's business what Rodney King did with his money?
Get ready for gardening classes starting in March!! Will be posting dates on the newsletter and twitter!
Cheap men's cologne is the worst...
Laser Wolf. Now.
If you're a hookah bar or smoke shop, tweet your name and we'll advertise your business on our website for free! Give it a try, no catch.
| Thanks for a great meetings of the minds this morning.
Katy perry's granny w/ her tongue out *dead*
I'm ill, I'm ill, I'm ill... tratttt trattt... Motherf'er I'm ill... It's going down tonight. NightClubLinx is back from a long vacation.
I remember scoring with 0.5 seconds left for my 11th. Then I was told I was probably going to win an ESPY. Best dream ever?
they were playing that Palmetto soccer Papa ;)
w.e it has to do with justin so imma tweet it.
Course you can, winter break is nearly here! Our only (but amazing) #golf #course in MD is Hunt Valley Golf Club in Phoenix!
Jealous! Congrats!
Thanks for the follows!
Patrick McCormack, SPHR - recent winner of SHRMJAX HR Professional of the Year - Large Company - Over 1,000 Employees.
bored and tired as shit right now
According to Gottman, 69% of marital arguments are unsolvable. It's a relief! Just stay on the same side looking together at the issue.
Where was my invite?
I'm hungry lay yo ass down on the dining table out yourself on my plate
I'm not getting the love for 21 Jump Street. It's better than expected, I guess, but how are its dick jokes better than other's dick jokes?
so far cant find a link with description of this story in english.
sending smiles across the miles.. :)
thanks babe!! 😊
You dont think u have another 5 years in you?
Looking at out law star again cause it my favorite anime
Having a great first day at !! So nice to meet everyone and settle into my new office!
NBC news crew dodges gunfire on the front lines in Lybia.
good times tonight. We will work on your disability!
CFK is gearing up for the summer.We have pilot programs City and San Ysidro this summer. The expansion of our program feels good👍
that's usually a trait of being unpopular
Not sure which annoys me more: the presumption of me interviewing a band I have never heard of on 2 days notice, or addressing me as Mark.
Going to baseball tournament in Leesburg
If you have ever lost a loved one, then you know exactly how it feels. And if you have not, then you cannot possibly imagine it.
Not enough hours in the day
that's illegal lol! I saw you on deco drive today. Good luck to Serenity
On #7News at 5:30, complete coverage of the capture of Whitey Bulger.
Hey why dont you come see your 2 biggest fans at strong tower bible church ?! 6-8(: love , shannon & vivienne <3
Gosh I'm so excited for #NATO to be in Chicago and for the city to be infiltrated by all types of security... < NOT..
Yay! I knew I wasn't alone on this subject :)
good morning!
One operation down, one to go..... Healing nicely from the first one....
Thanks for the RT's!
wow shoot yourself RT : Excuse me scarlett did I invite you to my BBQ? Then why are you all up in my grill!
are you in Plano
please tell me Prison Wives is a figment of your imagination!! Surely that's not a real show that people watch. PLEASE!!
Hi Craig! We're planning to feature ur Eco Life notebook on Springpad this weekend to celebrate #EarthDay. Just a heads up!
thats mad vicious
perseverance-steady persistence in a course of action, a purpose, a state, etc., in spite of difficulties, obstacles, or discouragement.
hope you find it worth the wait! see you at ?
#ReasonsThatImSingle I'm in-season
Are there any success stories out there of using Google Analytics to model user behavior on a J2EE web application?
This weather is pissing me of!
Today is the last day all our fans & tweeters to get a free Carne Adovada Sandwhich. Just say DELICIOUS88 when you order.
first, we must procure the right film! They look so cool, though. If nothing else, home decor for our future home.
RT : RT : Black Friday Special; Were giving away one Free Jelly Watch Every Hour starting at 10 Am.
Found someone to do my hair for prom!! Gonna look sexy with my sexy date! ;D
I'm going to be headed back that way in a couple hours
oh man I'm guilty for that one. So true though! Haha it's ugly!
shout out team loud you done know
Browning also wrote, "God is the perfect Poet."
Long day, just wanna lay it down
RT : #yanks baby!!!!! Gotta close it out (Forget the yanks! Geaux Tigers!!!!)
Sometimes I'm not sure who to listen to.
#Syracuse fans take note: SU beat #Kansas in the 2003 #NCAA title game and lost to #Kentucky in 1996. So who are you rooting for?
John L Smith's first act at Arkansas will be to ban all motorcycles without sidecars
I just saw a bum holding a torch riding an aligator in the tunnels, man!
Okay, no, seriously... Where the fuck did that week between yesterday and finals go? They cannot already be on Tuesday! I HAVEN'T STUDIED!
thanks! That's a good idea, and something that's already on my list for the next version.
Story of my life
Proof in Study: Math App Improves Test Scores (And Engagement) |...
The roads are ugly out there. Hope no one is stuck on 80...
Amazon is loading slow #AF now.....
At work today on this Friday morning of May
was more active.
it was actually me who won color the flag...in 4th grade...awk
I'm at in NYC, taking photos of the baseballs.
with Jaycie and Josh.
he was on tiny chat and he tweeted it so i went and wrote will u follow me an he followed:)
whats up with tyler....how have u been
LOVED last night Grind in NE! The Int'l Women's Day gig by BroadArts Theatre was simulcast on SECOND LIFE!!! T'was majorly cool...
Tnx fam! It was an amazing feeling :) RT : congrats bro!!!
" phone haven't been this dry in a min -__- "
they probably can't even spell the word news
I am really excited that both and are both coming to LA this summer. I am looking forward to meeting them.
Congrats to for winning today's (20)12 Days of Free Pizza! Check back in with us tomorrow!
try Sakiri vodka next time You are going to love it!
Just finished crafting the tiny bows for next week's Hunger Games Movie Release Party! Of course, we had to test them out first...
Just laid down in my bed and it may be the best idea I've had all day.
Please check out my answer on to: Had a small fire in apartment, but did not have any installed smoke detectors...
lol yeah was wondering about that...
Boston Bruins pack up one last time as Stanley Cup champions, head home for ... - Washington Post
Give em 1/4. Celtics gave the Hawks 2/4 and still won. Not scared of Philly even at home.
Jarrett only takes out the ring when he wants to blind people! “: that's a secret I gotta keep my man”
the best 25 chapters
Family Ties 2011: Elyse + Steven Keaton living in a tent in Zuccotti Park. Alex P. Keaton president of protested company.
Kerry sporting hockey injury
Yes! Practice everyday! Just like you brush your teeth and take a shower, a singer must sing!
Manhattan overall availability decreased in April to 48.18 million SF from 48.8 million SF in March
Watch out everybody!! creeps on your facebook! ;)
Know a good tech writer?
Anti-#BBN people will say UK is scared, which is ridiculous. Like most sports decisions, it's all about the $$. Damn shame.
be careful with these statements whilst in the middle east. Don't wanna get too prescient
Creepy - just got prompted to add the Google+ "find my face" feature. It automatically prompts people to tag *me specifically* in photos.
I still gotta find somewhere to go tonight I got a lot of good suggestions but nothing sparked my interest
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Austin Mahone is Grenade by Bruno Mars! :D
We provide therapy for adults with-Personality Disorders.
where will this be taking place at?
maybe I got the weekends mixed up lol dayuuumm
If I haven't mentioned it lately, you are wicked smart!
Today is your last chance to win something on the GREAT TV AUCTION, so tune in and bid high on MPTV 10!
Welcome to the Team! Jennifer Cobb joins Owens Harkey, first day is today.
GABRIEL'S TRUMPET, a novel about slavery and the Civil War, available through Indigo Tree Publishing. What the war was really about.
true true
Thanks for nod, Jess. Glad you liked the interview.
None but my real niggas and badd bitches
Shoutout to everyone who came out for THE BLEND last night, artists and audience members alike! Thank you for sharing our love of #art!
hey Austin passing by to say HI and hope u follow me back that would really make my dad :)
Well, I know a lot of liberals *and* conservatives, including evangelicals and confessional Lutherans. How 'bout you?
Congratulations :D Enjoy the day!
I don't care who's watching....
No problem :)
Thank u 4 following. Talk 2 u later.
Just one more hour to have us say nice stuff about your (or your twitter account) if you tweet us for #FF!
Right backatcha Hollerbach. The master list, lunch, reflection questions, all around awesomeness. Thank YOU!
Not to mention brady's 517 passing yards in a game NFL record
I love the word jingle!
perfect answer. Good luck on your short, keep me updated.
The best things in life are usually unexpected ...
Hungry af!! Feed me.
We can be friends can't we Tiffany and will you follow me too as I'm following you ok... xoxoxo God bless Bobby Howard
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidge
congrats guys. Wish you the best!!!
Happy Easter.
Three Decembers at Chicago Opera Theatre is lovely! The score is gorgeous and the singing stellar! Check it out if you are able.
the problem I see @ my school is that teachers'll "talk the talk" when being observed in classroom, but won't walk the walk.
No I was laughing the whole time lol all u was doin was tickling me
Everyone talks about how much they wanna leave but I can gurantee you'll really miss it when those real bills start coming in
Can't stop watching Supernatural! LOVE IT <3
Brian Waters "whipping" Jason Pierre-Paul. Good call Scott Pioli.
#SideChickBirthdayGifts Oh it was your birthday today?
Thanks for the follow! Really like your latest tweets on
Same here! But I don't know about a mass produced product. Fountain soda mixtures can be quite personal! Haha
Landed first role of the year, got a new agent...I like how this year is starting out
Re-sorted my bookshelves, again, after painters attempted to reshelve. Because Old English goes *before* Middle English or it's wrong.
Every man is the builder of a temple called his body. - Henry David Thoreau
It's Chipotle Friday here at Undoubtedly the best way to kick off the weekend.
so we're all here tweeting & I'm here like "derp."
YUMM! Whatever that is looks delicious.
Have you seen 's fly along with the 128th Air Refueling Wing. It's coming up now on
Tickets for are STILL AVAILABLE at the door! Come get crazy with us TEXAS!
I like boys who like girls who eat carrots :p haha get it?
Thanks for the #MM and #FF! Just wanted to let you know our EP is available for FREE download at historyrepeats.bandcamp.com
:o my niece is gonna be born tomorrow! and her are gonna have the same b-day!!
not even on twitter?
The Ohio State University College of Veterinary Medicine has long been home to the Indoor Cat Initiative. Now the Initiative has...
I have to work early :-(
SHOUTOUT to thank you do much!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!😃
The future is a hundred thousand threads, but the past is a fabric that can never be rewoven.
I have a attitude FUCK everybody, my stomach hurt.
I love love love sitting out on the back deck.
It's a digital trophy. In the shape of a lighthouse.
yes and that is why I am on twitter at one am.
mikey boy tell your peeps to check out my baseball podcast
Now that the liberal media hounded Newt Gingrich out of the race, who will protect Newt Gingrich from Zoo Animals?
Hope the weather holds up for tonights Film on the Rocks, stop on by the Outward Bound tent and say hello!!
spreading word abt our up coming indie film, The Paddy Lincoln Gang. Director & lead are brothers from England, Ben & Dean Jagger
HAPPY B-DAY JUSTIN you r offically 18 and hope it is the best birthday u have ever had
to sum it up. life is full of doing things you don't want in order to take care of the things that you need.
That's incorrect, ROB was a peripheral not an inclusion, and that link is about a man marrying a goat.
If Speaking of.. is one of your #TwitterCrushes, RT this!
Bong. Bong.
I don't want anything other...than a prison guard love
in the words of "when its somethin different the people frown upon it." so f*ck it we frown back!
Success isn't based solely on "prettier, faster or easier". Being "better" is key.
yep, that 5:47 rain went south and stayed. Thank you for the verification!!!
Alison and Maureen are dressed alike, in the same colors as Elmo and cookie monster on Wttg fox5 dc
Ice cream was a bad choice.
all day bro! Im ready
well thank you so much! :)
are you a kpop fan? :D
Illiterate story-telling, self-solving robberies, clairvoyance, energy optimization and hummus with
im really tryna fight this sleep
Well took a nap..... much needed! Got a cute mother's day card from my hubby and Babies. Love em much
Not doing anything tonight... thank you mom for grounding me... D:
Fashion question: Is it OK to wear a white dress to a wedding....white with black trim.
awww I wish I was there with u too!!!
have you ever recorded 'america the beautiful?'
i wish i went to early mass today.. oh welps ''/
Breaking Bad is an intense show
Supporting #RealMadrid Tonight.^ Which soccer lover wouldn't want to see
Lot's of bro's and shots being bought with credit cards @ Tuman's...
80 percent of the time that i look at my battery percentage it's at 69 percent. [one more time...]
what are you doing this weekend?
If all U.S. corn was turned into ethanol it would cover 4% of our energy needs. Why use it at all when it's lethal to combustion engines?
Thanks for the mention Rozanne!
my pleasure…good luck with it!
Seconded! #Brewers RT Jonathan Lucroy for All-Star.
Things happen for a reason but sometimes I wish I knew THAT reason.
not really, this isn't the first time he's done this
Thanks, Curt! It is! Just finishing up an EP, and have a full-length album coming out in the Spring. How about you?
Keep up with my TEAM
at a Face appearance til 5. Maybe when I get back...
Just waking up in the morning gotta Thank God...ice cube
I heard a rumor some asshat is going to paint my Space Needle. Is this true?
are you alright ? o.O
Nd I meant stealing
#mitt2012 #tcot Appalling isn't it?! Who'd #vote for a job destroyer? #Mitt #Romney Wake up!
Yesterday really was the beat Allstar Weekend concert ever... Zach made it 1000x more fantastic.
Welp I officially have flutes in one of my new tunes. Awesome right? hahaha
Welcome to the team !!
. at this point we haven't seen tickets for CATS, but there is always a chance they could pop up anytime. Keep an eye out!
ahh, why don't I know about this?
Good call!
RT - Am. Football Game With The New England Patriots Vs Miami Dolphins Live Telecast TV At PC On 12 Sept. 2011 At 23:00 ...
The day will come when, after harnessing space, winds, tides & gravitation we shall harness for God the energies of love. ~Chardin
yea me to those throw back slow jams will get you in that one type mood
If youre heading out to #Unblurred this evening, be sure to hit Especially awesome art there tonight!
#HumpWednesday @ ARCHER HALL !!! ITs about to be DEEP WITH #AKA's ...... #THEPRETTYGIRLS r #HEAVVVYYY #SweetDreams Friday @
Have you see our new TACO creations lately? Stop in!
be like me and shave the facial hair and just rock the mustache!
Game On! #Pittsburgh #Penguins vs. #Dallas#Stars (or preferred #Yinz vs. Y'all) Let's go #Pens!
Feeling like I have to learn how to type again on this new keyboard. I don't think there has ever been such an epic first world problem
Oh the weather outside is frightful but the ... is so delightful. Fill the blank and share with your friends this fun little holiday game.
oh honey
Anyone let me get at a size 9 Rogue Green KD4?
Dat nigga Kobe gone snap on his teammates watch
meet me in tiny chat please
This morning we handed out 237 toiletry items to our #homeless community members!
Moved by Chris Jordan and his photos of birds filled with plastic. "Grief is transformational, a portal to remembering our love."
Jacob Wilson hit a home run. #Memphis it was a pretty hit....... lets go TN
#DuringSexThoughts Does he think he accomplished something here?!! HAH! I could've had a V8!!-----complete waste of time!!------- LOL
When watch Eastwood "Halftime Ad" I see nonpartisan message of patriotism and hope. We get knocked down but we come together and march on.
How about YOU go through what I go through. Then u Can confront me As a fake. Stupid fuck
You are too kind.
#Broncos smart to dump Tebow instead of keeping him around to give Tebowmania a reason to survive and effect team in negative way.
Totally RT : Can I get an "amen?" RT : Social media is mobile.
I hear ya, I'm thinking we might hear of a roster move soon
Big night tonight! #JAYZSyncShow Who is having a Jay Z concert party tonight?
Mothers Day is around the corner and we've got you covered, from $10 to $10,000,000
I know you can't see my face right now but if you could you'd be able to see how much I DON'T fuckin' care
Apparently I'm on for a contestant's accidental F Bomb. That makes two years in a row on the show (last year with Bobby Brown)!
Robin: collaborative development funding doesn't happen enough.
Wings penalty on Manney for holding the stick. 4 on 4 for about a minute.
Who ask you do u wanna go sumwhere..
Its not on tv here. How does the playmate sitting behind homeplate look?
Does anyone read below the fold anymore?
American is at a crossroads - Callista Gingrich says at Marquette rally for her husband.
Y is it that girls can seem so nice when there not dressed up. But once they put on there skirts and heels, they turn the bitch switch on
we had a blast :) thanks!!
Just let me know if I can help in any way.
dissed my girl. why do you care? you all up on his jock I see.
visiting my grams(:(: hope she's doing great!
Not yet, probably going tomorrow. Try on in store, buy online. :)
THANK U LORD, I'M ALL DONE W/JURY DUTY 4 THE NEXT 3yrs BABY, GOT CALLED 4 A PANEL OF 24 & TOLD US WE WEREN'T NEEDED, SO THEY SENT US HM!
Hmm what is going to be for lunch? Hungry Hungry....
Someone who understands my taste in music FINALLY=
RT : We should be the most educated business entrepreneurs in the world. There's no excuse --
peaches come from a can. they were put there by a man.
Taking on the big boys! Check out #blekko - hopes to rival bing and google
Wait... why am I referring to myself in first person? I thought our story was told in second person?
caballeros! when are you going to open a store in Montclair, NJ? You would CLEAN UP here. No lie.
nigga i didnt get in trouble
Still full to bursting with latkes. Thanks, , they were delicious!
what? Text me
not only is this weather making me sick, it's depressing.
Pujols to meet with Marlins Saturday
...and then her soul floated up to heaven and it snowed cocaine for 2 days
revolutionize flood sandbagging, organic garden watering and spills..Ecosandbag. Many uses and safe to the environment
": the worst part is that he's Jason Campbell" worst part is he's not Aaron Rodgers.
i did
Wait, there's more! We are open AND will be serving brunch on Memorial Day. Woot.
FYI- Play the 3 and 15-- Gemologist and Take Charge Indy). Happy Derby!
Thank you mother nature for such a beautiful day.
RT : In honor of winner Cate Blanchett, if you say "raise up lights" fast it sounds like "razor blades" in Australian.
Finished listening to GOLIATH - Meteoric! Review available soon
Food Fact of the Day: 1985 The Brown Derby Restaurant in Hollywood, closed after 57 years. the Cobb Salad was created there in 1936.
my 4 year old LOVES those. Is that creepy or am I doing something right?
