Nothing like a bowl of lucky charms at midnight.
lol that is touching
Trying to find a way
Marcum says that indep rsrch libs should be helping scholars learn to use GIS well; enabling digital resources via templates
he send me a porn website
The sound of #freezeframe means we're ready for the second period. Toronto up 1-0.
bahaha!! oh yes you do!
no I meant forever land
#AMCs - Scotty has a great voice and seems like a nice guy! Congratulations!
and The Urban Rock crew are going on Tour in Germany... Details Coming Soon!!!
Going to be busy the next few days.
2 upcoming shows, Feb 4 in Lake Charles and Feb 17 in Houston.
no only two more episodes of GoT left!!
Holyy mother of moonpiess , I'm drinking soda :O (:
no way!
Re: Apt. shopping... most guys I know would wait till summer to check out the "swimming pool talent" :)
A new song, 2 CDs and a necklace giveaway. :)
They're hilarious! RT : Going to see and at I've had a bad week so be funny!
Currently listening to: MADI SIMMONS - I LOVE ASIMPLE LIFE on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Four presentations, three different topics, at two different schools makes for one tiring day.
Can't say I didn't try
The only reason Im reading Hunger Games is because I seen the movie & my sister suggested I read the book
haha it won't I blessed it..lol
Q: what can't be destroyed or blown away in a hurricane? A: your case of herpes.
AH cant believe got a Twitter Account lol
dml tour is morning
Memphis is better than Knoxville TN,I might have to move bacc to the M
"The Panthers are spending money like ..." Josh McDaniels trades draft picks
Cool! Good!!! Whoohoo!! Just getting over a chest cold that is trying to move to my head. Hoarse! But I feel fantastic!
I'll look into enforcement and anything Larry needs to know timorrow morning
Thanks. It has a odd history in my love of comic books and mis-understanding of german.
Ha! Commercial just featured a kid peeing in the pool.
When are you guys going to come visit at VETransfer? Lunch sometime with and myself?
Your hubs. On Euclid. Sunglasses, leather, facial hair, cigarette, and... a sea foam green scooter. What a juxtaposition!
I want to be a tea selling demon. I WILL SELL MY SOUL FOR TEA
If you are married and completely ridiculously good looking please refrain from dancing with me of conversing
yes sir hahaha
Am I at a horse race?
counting today we have 16 days left of school
This time my tire got blown out ...
hey you deserved it.
The next best, the people honor and praise
get it poppin with some big macs :) jk
Doing my thing in the hustle
The not top 10 was pretty good today
Seeing my bestfriend for only a couple minutes, and we talk as though we never left eachvothers side
do tell! Is it a magical elevator?
RT : Steven Tyler's face is looking more and more like an old woman's vagina.
ONE MINUTE LEFT!!!!
I avoid restaurants where after I eat, I have to find something to eat.
'Daddy, do you think people without cable have any idea how much football stinks compared to Puppybowl?' ~My 5 year old
On a real note, the texts & I exchange could probably make a profit if put on Comedy Central
Some Think If A Guy Pauses His Video Game To Text You Back He Really Loves You.. I Think He's On The Loading Screen..
Chris and Christina Wade, may God bless you and your Holy union, in many years to come...
I just think they look better together
You can be accepted by modeling agency with the right intros, great pictures, and great confidence.
I do NOT feel good about this win. Next week it's all on the line.
Eat at Provence today for Dine Out. 30% of our sales at Hillsboro Village & Downtown Library will go to Nashville CARES
#ImThatPerson that if you got beef i'll put the biscuit on the patty
we have 2 baseball practices starting tonight. One at 5, one at 6. Think they will be cancelled ?
makin a new beat
I'm sorry. Why would you ever do that? There's a reason it's banned on 10 planets. ;D
Happy Easter everyone.
Congrats to : 1-0 after beating Georgia Southern in extras 3-2. Molly Spence sac fly scored Maggie Strange for go-ahead run
Last night I ate roasted chicken off the bone while watching "The Walking Dead" and now I completely empathize with the sad, hungry zombies.
LOL. I though about how many symptoms are adaptations last week while suffering from feverish gastroenteritis in the field.
I want tell how much I love her. She been with me through thick n thin n she gave me handsome boy.
I am in desperate need for mascara.. which do you prefer?
View Floravita's large tropical flower mural for 2011 Dining By Design AIDS fundraiser...
Peein' like a pregnant woman since 1991.
I made that mistake once of not closing the blinds when changing.
yeah that is him in her pic ..... IKR I'm so jelly lol
WI motorists driving in snow: 1) allow extra time, 2) slow down and 3) leave extra room btwn you and fellow drivers
Don't forget collective amnesia on the voters' part!
order for me too gf lol
Wonder if my money transfer to my account yet??
Just left the school lol CJ playn he need to tell me cause Brian on BS
Who wants to be my date for 80s Prom this year? My gf will be out of town, so, you know, zip code rule and all that. (cc: )
no, no. it's april "showers" bring may "flowers." silly, you.
Happy 16th Birthday to your little ones, Muffin and Cassie..
Hugs! RT : Abrazos lovey! “: GM!! "A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange."”
I tried to instagram the arrest I just walked past in Baltimore but the cop gave me the stink eye. Sorry y'all
Thanks bro really means a lot!
IMAGINE YOU HAD NUTS? TROLOLOL
Hey peeps! Help me out! RT your friends, have them follow me! I'm at 830, which is not bad for my 2nd profile here, but i need more! Thnk u!
pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal :P cantt waiit <33
You know what's awesome? The top of a blueberry muffin. Also, your face.
I want my mommy to cook me dinner :(
THANK YOU
Don't worry I'll be cool, I gotta get ya to tag my book. So stoked!! U were great last night on the rnd tbl
Hard/software requirements for video- camera high res w/audio input, mics, tripod, lighting kit, editing equipment, classes!
58 days til summer tour (for me) - Deer Creek + Alpine Valley. Excited!
Using the Metro and LA Way app to plan my public transportation adventures for
Before you look for an agent, figure out who you are as a writer. Find authors who write like you, and investigate their agents.
I really should just suck it up and finish this erotic novel already.
just became #thirstythursday on the east coast! What you sippin on, on the road! Send me your pics lōc
S/.o ya self sometimes.. aka Sean
tomorrows the big day
Thank you! You too!! :)
I hope you all had a great weekend!
Omg.I wanna work at Bockbluster so bad.I can get free rentals...and then I can get transferred to the 1 in college station for college c:
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won't change. Your approval isn't needed nor wanted.
Whoa, what!?
Chronicle! Downtown Seattle will never look the same to me.
they wanted me to use their VOIP. I said: look at my service history, why would I? He said he understood. Call ended.
If you are a Hip Hop, R&B, or Rock Artist and looking to shoot a Music Video for a competitive price Hit Me Up with a Message!
oh no! I'm sorry. That is the worst. I will absolutely be sure to relay the message. Please come in for a refund.
How is Alec Baldwin so fucking talented?
Last night was the shit! Shoutouts to everyone that came out...
OH MY, AGREED! What do we need, an e-vite? Look at that body lang. #Peeta gives me hunger pangs in the lady district, too.
Aw you're tweeting! =)
Haha...can never forget!! :-) Hope to see you soon. You're doing GREAT work!! Enjoy Derby week! -- Ted
Thanks mb...miss you too
Thanks, you. Just home from all the travel, full of jet-lag and getting ready to start getting caught up.
not yet, but maybe soon. We'll keep you updated
Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend! If you're not too stuffed, head to LiLLiES for all-day
Check out idorable.com, iPhone app I made for a buddy. It will get you laid. :) Cute kittens/puppies/etc. 1000's users already, simple UI.
Heading out this morning for a girls day of shopping and lunching in SE in PDX with my friend
Astronaut Hoot Gibson helps the Indianapolis Children's Museum open the new Flight Adventures exhibit
Just made the Twitter account! Let's get started...
Hey everyone! Kelsey is currently preparing her interview with DRUGS so if you have any questions for Craig Owens-send away!
Dear - Make it easier to rate books on your website. See: Please and thank you, C
You know what ?? I absolutely love & <3 <3
Since the CEO of J.Crew is on Apple's board, I think you're in luck!
Nice to see you here, !
may I ask what it is regarding please?
Howdy ya,ll is there anybody out there
Kemp settles into productive groove at the plate
it is odd that social media is perceived as something much different than ppl having a conversation in public
Damm u lucky as hell go to both lol
Wilson Ramos solo shot 1-0
Feel Like Eatin Chili Cheese Fries
Love kills.
An afternoon out of office experience, McDonald's play land with the 3 yr old, free wi-fi and decent espresso based drink make it better!
Ok. I'll have it if you stop by. Some of them are so frightening that I've only been able to read them once.
Eveyone go follow ;) get him to 14k by tonight!
wat that be
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
can't wait
FWD: : Um, I want every single one of them... RT harper perennial books to look forward to in 2012! http: ...
bring me a bucket !
now I know what you talking about. I had to think about it . And pat we should hang Tomorrow
Nicki, I just sent you an email. Thanks for your tweet!
Arranging Boston Internships# for International students# with homestay# Just placed a boy from Mexico.
This Friday, June 4th, is our Customer Appreciation Day. Stop by 101 Stewart 11a - 3p for menu samples & complimentary coffee
Watching Japan Tv and trying to understand the damage
I love when my christmas lights shine through my window at night<3
- no, thank you!! Glad you found that helpful!
Barry Manilow rocked Columbus last night! What a beautiful voice and fun show. The consummate entertainer!
April 9th is Free Member Movie Night!
Ironic ! My manager name is De'von n he young black n cute.n my boyfriend name is Se'von n he is the half of me.but De'von just. Ughh Idk
It's cold up in here.
I hate unexpected expenses😖
man i'm missing West Virginia :( they have various inches of snow right now but here in Northern Virginia it's just cold, wet rain :( *sigh*
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nice! Definitely bookmarked for later-
Packing all my things heading to Ricon beach in Puerto Rico :-) for some surfing I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!
me to
Back to school :)
MT Best new movie I've seen in a few years. Can't keep a genius down.
It's going to be a long ride home for #Luongo! Maybe can cheer him up:(
Great time at the opening party tonight!
Last week Katie Young made top play on Sportscenter. What will come tonight at the AL? #MUWBB vs # 17 Georgetown @ 8PM at the AL!
he's only had those candied Maraschino cherries?!? Gaaahhh!!!
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. Tom Brokaw #followngain ? #iFollowback ? #500ADAY?
RIP Carl Beane
#sca2012 MUSE software under devel for email. Includes sentiment lexicons. Wow. But when developer grad student leaves this spring ... ??
Kiley-- eLife will be a journal for scientists edited by active researchers.
I actually didn't think he pitched too bad tonight. Wasn't great but wasnt horrific either.
wow, glad I checked the desk schedule to find out that I'm on desk from 1-4:40. Ick.
My mom: "i dont even why I listen you!" Me: LOL well then...
I've had a really bad week. Do you things will be better for us after today? I hope....
doing good! Where u at now?
Countdown to & talking relationships & life w Rachel & Paul Teutel,l Jr. centralonline.tv for details
#Barnard2012 waiting for Noel b-f to graduate!
Had a great relaxing weekend. Now back to doing edits. Happy Monday everyone!
finishing up an article about how to write a killer "elevator pitch"
With my sweetie bear Tracy Guillet!!
I want to see this movie. Some jurisdictions hv a limit 3 or go back 2 school. We know some 1 who failed x amt of times :)
Okay so..awkward start to the day.
You're mostly packed now?
Haha! Sounds pretty good - lazy days are good!
Kids Yoga class tomorrow 10-11am! $9 ($7 for members) drop-in.
Time to sit, watch, and wait.
THE BEST HOT DOGS, would kill for one now.
Where do I begin , hmmmph.
Glad it's working out Jason.
May 7 is the next game. Come tailgate with us too!
the info provided can be applied to some aspects in life.observe EVERYTHING + mistakes can lead to success in your field!
Battle the twitter fever
#liber2011 Valuation will be done at end of this year and data made available online.
RT if trying to fall asleep is effing annoying
Swag,swag,swag on Lou.Niall by the fire and hes eatin fondue,Liam knows about me,Harry knows about you, so say hello to DJ MALIK in 3,2 .
Wish i new how to play piano!
AH MARK
we mix up the languages a little...
RT : Tried NYC BBQ Parlor via Fri eve. FANTASTIC! Will return! Bacon app, catfish, baby back & beef...
Wooop woop just finished the Race For the Cure! :D this feels great "Boobies is not a 4 letter word"
Why are we still giving Joe Oliver any air time?? Absent him providing any substantive info it's just providing him a platform.
God Bless Mr. Smith. <3
I always enjoy the right turns in NASCAR
#BREAKINGNEWS: 10,000 lebron james action figures were recalled today once it was determined they presented a serious choking hazard
Different groups have different--sometimes conflicting--needs. That's why identifying communities is important.
best wishes on whatever is next for you!! Keep us tweeps posted :) ❤u
every sinner has a future, and every saint has a past.
Is it just me or does it seem like there is a #startup fever spreading across the US? I love it!
What the hell? Now is texting me to say she needs to leave #SMCNSB early! Next time I am driving alone. :)
please share! I don't know what I can wear that doesn't include an offensive headdress or light wash cutoff jeans
♨Sex stat: Rate of masturbation... 98%men/44%women have masturbated. Men DIY dozen times a month & women five...
Some kid got fucked up lol.. Blood all over the halls.. Damn
that's all you got....I expected more.
is it really still sold out
“: I fucking love Eazy E” --- said everybody!!
haha. (: atleast yuhh get to be on twitter & do something fun.
-come down my house on friday!!!!
Just saw with feature of mine on a recent project, I loves me some
Lol RT What do you get when you cross me with a dog? One sick puppy!
He's only been in a handful of scenes, but whenever he's being destructive is a huge bonus.
Memorized all my lines for my scene tomorrow :D
dude you just need practice, start with pine trees and move your way up
No doubt! “: can the Hawks borrow those 2 runs the Angels have please”
The word Checkmate in chess comes from the Persian phrase Shah Mat, which means the king is dead
Today's Feature: Greek Salad w/ romaine, oregano chicken, olives, feta, tomato, balsamic vinaigrette Soup: Butternut Squash
I think its a genius marketing tool, but telling people it is that easy hurts them, future clients and photography.
you ok ?
that awkward moment when you're playing with your pen during class and it flies across the room
I can still enjoy forcing him to sort a pile of sand by color. Heheh.
Totally, agree. Sonoma is the best! And so unassuming
Without google I would know nothing.
Brainstorming good stories to tell tonite. Got any good Mom stories?
Try not to confuse your opinions with truth.
This isn't too lame
I love sticking my fingers into tight holes…bowling is fun.
I can imagine. Winter is our gloomy season too, but not near as bad as what you guys get. Depressing!
I'm a very sensitive person -.-
it's cleared out and we are about to bust out the wine
Thanks Lorena--I cannot tell you how grateful I am for your support!
you probably mean that in a sarcastic way... Lol
it's good luck!
to be honest I don't even know anymore.
Drink of the weekend: Iced Tropical Chai (vanilla chai and coconut). Come in and mention twitter or fb for $1.00 off!
do you even fucking mean it?
please no spoilers!!
and btw, my manager knows what I'm doing. She's helping me even though it makes her sad.
but you'll take me right?
DalaiLama PEACEFUL = FORGIVENESS
J STAAL ITS TIME FOR A SHORTY
Amazon, you can recommend anything you want, doesn't mean... wait a minute that's a BLUE yoga mat!
that trick works for me!
Trying this new thing where I only speak good things of ppl.
Uh oh you have some separation anxiety, too?
Actually just been called a slag by a fat greasy ming for necking someone. Ahahhaha
A beautiful day for a Giants victory!
You look mah-velous. But when am I going to see your svelte and smiling face--to-face?
its ok to ask questions before you get a smog check. so if you have any questions tweet us and we will be glad to reply :)
The digital literacy toolkit will act as a bridge to connect people to benefits
Weiner must be pissed RT For everyone watching #DesperateHousewives finale instead of #MadMen: is it as hilariously anti-Semitic?
I see that aloe sitting over there!
Appreciate the
Im a HUGE fan of urs and was wondering if ir mail you a jersey of urs Would u sign it so I can frame it? PLZ DM w/ ur answer
Work's really busy right now. Juggling 2 sets of applications plus all the normal stuff. Plus going to see the new niece this weekend.
Have a good weekend everybody !!!
you've convinced me to do the same. miss you!
just a hello! And to tell you I forgot to record the bachelorette! lol
No problem! Tweet us if you need anything.
This girl in the car in front of me keeps popping zits and smelling her fingers. Gross.
im so happy :D you gotta keep in touch with us!
Lots going on up here and doing what we can to make it even better - where are you now?
Your liver called! ...it's wants a Delicious Detox :D
#WorstBreakUpExcuses<<<My fish died, idk if i can love again
Just make sure you appear on a replay before too long ;)
I'm glad you made it back!!
A crab omelet is always a good decision! Safe travels!
To clarify: I said I support free trade but did not mention NAFTA. I said we need more transparency in TPP and ACTA.
I just know that if he smiles, I smile :) I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
BEHIND THE SCENES- At Staff Meeting, Rock Staff focus on prayer. 1 Thes. 5:17
Yo man trying to get a reply from all the Vikings so far only reply can you help?
I JUST WANT HOME SO I CAN HUG ROSE!!!!!!!!
Go BAMA!! ROLL TIDE ROLL!! SEC RULES !!!
Dine with us this weekend, #albuquerque, & enjoy our special, Chile Rellenos, & come in this Sun, & get half price bottles of wine. Cheers!
<-- he is honestly amazing. He is the best<3 thank you for helping me out when I'm down.
i wanna eat you up
Mad props to the Biebs RT : i want to use my bday to help others. if u want please donate $18 to on my 18th bday!
Please look for our Groupon today! Great savings if you are anyone you know is in the market for a new mattress set!
The wealthy will not be satiated until they consume and vomit the planet into outer space.
it's actually snowing here
LOL, not official but good judges. I'm going to Coachella anyway so no go for me
RT : "I'm not drunk at all. I could drive to fucking Silverlake right now." ---
Sorry:/ I tried!
Waiting for the #kitty, infected canine tooth #ouch!
You noo u fucked up when , you catch yourself watching a blank TV lmao gud night
Rain will forever remind me of elementary school recess: lunch on desks, wet tights, bill nye the science guy and pogs!
weirdly ill in the middle of the night. of course.
Other signs that u need to cleanse/detox: anemia, obesity, diabetes, bacterial infections, bladder infect, dental problems, infertility
Checking out some new recipes using #spentgrain, might be a fun addition Lush.
Thanks for caring <3 I'll try to keep my chin up
Where are my true friends?
Awww, what a cutie your mom's dog is! Looking fwd to tomorrow evening!! :-) xoxo
Hey Scott, thanks for following me!
took me a good long time to find that error.
Cool. Walkmen & Heartless Bastards will be at Summerfest.
15 fabulous responsive sites for your inspiration
jamming out VIP fifth weekend arrow!!!
nigga whenever u matching red box prices!! Haha got shottas?
just got back to L.A. from the east coast, gettin ready for an end of month project
TWO Julie Wrights! One knows her stuff, the other looks good doing it! ;-)
Now I'm jealous of 3 things! RT : We just stuffed our faces. It was delicious.
and it's not a black/white one either. the decision has gone both ways for valuable cards in past.
Follow us and we'll follow you... to the moon, and back :)
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
I'll give you 100 words of listicle and a slideshow of cats.
On the way to school.
its exciting! miss you old roomie
First movie at 7a - NIGHT AT THE ROXBURY - Early Ferrell
or aids
Not surprised the whole nation doesn't understand how Bo operates. Get your licks in now folks ...
it's worth it!! I do not regret it at all. It's pretty hard but you just gotta push yourself
Rick Pay is our Guest Blogger this week! Read his blog on Creating a Culture of Action.
Lonely Planet, the travelers God send.
If u havent been by , its so nice. The display windows....
launched my blog #jenniferwasco.blogspot.com - inspired by *smiles*
Still working on it...might take some time.
Thank you for the Bacon!!! Yay.
just found : automatic follow. love.
I should prob go to bed now. Kids woke me up at 5:30 this morning. I'm running on fumes.
No, I'm not running any Antivirus, no firewalls that i'm aware of. I'll check my settings, tho. thanks!
East people cant drive.
have fun on Vacay Andy, I'll miss you if no one else does! xoxo
Reminder: you may want to check your Humidifier pad & make sure they do not cause a water leak.
RT me only better december project!! the diet begins! exercise and eat right!hello december!!!!!!
S/o to for being to coolest broad I know!
you have no idea what your talking about
Bought my 3rd christmas cd for this season!!!
something you know all too well.....
just reached 9,000 views on dance video!
Amen to that!! Sit back and relax...won't mind the 49ers for some reason...Hm
What!? Store #28 Opens on Halloween? Guess that means a SALE! Swing by and make your holiday Sac-tastic!
I bet this appetizer sounds good! Bresaola e Parmigiano: thinly sliced air cured beef served with arugula and Parmigiano Reggiano.
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll check into trouble for you
Mike Wallace or Mike Williams (SEA) hm...
how are you today ?
Sour Candy - LOVE!
Twitter I don't know 90% of the ppl I follow RT : #Question Facebook or Twitter if you had to give up one...
Hopefully by the end of the month! I'll let you know when it's back up.
Audi was front and center at the Emmys last night. Did you watch?
Yes, I saw that already! Looks great!! Thanks for sending it!
early to bed, early to rise, must get my #beauty sleep ... lol!
OH: We need a viral video.
i can't find anywhere to have my truck pary...any ideas or suggestions????
too bad we didn't bet sucker.
Anyone out there machine quilt? We have lovely quilt tops but don't know how to put them together by machine... Help!
I certainly didn't just spend the last twenty minutes watching heartfelt scenes from LOST on Youtube.
An article billed as Beyonce's "first interview" since giving birth last week has been called "a fake" by the singer's representative.
Thanks man!!
Thanks for the follow from San Francisco photographer
I still love you
welcome.xo
Gadge had his stag do there, nice VIP enclosure. Hit up the Champagne and Oyster bar
Special guest presenter: David Meerman Scott, best-selling author and acclaimed marketing blogger
Everybody give crap to for he is a Zeller!
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless. I love this<3
you're so right. My mom always tells me i should enjoy it lol but it's not that easy^^
haha, i remember the day i met you you were so amazing tht day juss sayennn boo.
Thank you. I will probably always have to be careful, but things are much better than they were.
Janielle is the funniest human being.
waiting for all the 13 year olds to see Breaking Dawn before I go. I'll always fight them on Harry Potter though...
#Packers FA signings make me feel as though Thompson will trade up in 1st rd. He's building depth now. Don't forget about as well!
Man I just love me some Bud Chittom. Thanks Budman.
Not worried. The days of submissive Dems in Fla media ends with TPH. We look forward to debating in the future :)
Boosie not guilty? That's good for him but fuck, now he's gonna start dropping lame ass music again.
use public transportation
William Ralph Inge~ Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter.
Why is that odder than the computer's mother Sally May?
Im done with all yall
Live what you love.
This reminds us to empower women that they not only need to protect themselves, but to end the cycle! Kids are what they see!!
I am putting four handles at my two bars of your beer! If you have some shwag lemme know. Ill give it to my employees.
Is there a "sunday submission" for fans of "music monday"?
missed you !!! How was your bday n holiday?!?
see you soon!! So excited :)
Thanks for the add... I appretiate u....
RT : An Arrogent business owner is simply Dumb marketing.
Every seat on the bus is taken except for the one next to me, probably shoulda showered today.
Bitch Dat Money Coming Fast! ..Like A Minute Man
Are you sending any students? One of our interns is going
im gonna be a fairy for halloween, lmfao.
My Facebook account was hacked... Grrrrrrrrr.
Emilio Estevez reports the district lines have been redrawn and that he would have been a Duck.
happy pre-valentines day baby!
Boy of my dreams <3
The Voice of my People
YOU FORGETTED THE CHEESY BREAD!!!!
So cute. Yeah, he looks like he's up to something.
Free kaiser chiefs tix! Thanks !
😊😉 you occasionally have a slight feeling of likeness towards me even if it's not right now. Don't deny it! 😄😃☺
She sat with arms crossed while looking down. The media us saying that she was showing the shame she felt that us peculiar to her culture.
#OnlyFatPeople This A Bunch Of Bullshit Im Am Over Wieght And You Skinny Assholes Have No Idea What Its Like To Be Over Wieght So Fuck You!
thanks for following us!
Me = Drunk
You're like a Password. Hard to figure out, but I always want to keep trying.
You know it! Now I'm going to go put my hair in a bun and wear my glasses.
it's cool they've got another one just like it
The more I use CSS3, the more I don't want to use any graphics at all.
right! He will mess around n flip that truck one day
who r u the follow fashion monkey!
RT : Once a man texts you "huh?" that's a wrap
Has been singing #moveslikejagger out loud all day and picturing shirtless. Pretty sure Sacramento knows all the lyrics now.
Getting a Mohawk and drinking some wine. Pretty rock n roll Thursday if I do say so myself! And I do
the latest edition of r kellys longform "trapped in the closet" music video....granted, he was officially acquitted of charges
watching the game. Thuggin. What's been up?
Van Gundy is announcing. Cue irrelevant and unsupported pronouncements drinking game. | #okc vs.
No, but now that I know it's an option, I may have to do that some time. Hope you got home OK!
AH OMG I'M GOING TO GET PIERCED. I hope Scott doesn't mind, because I'm coming home with three new piercings. c:
Oye, why didn't you clear a line for me?!
Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations. ~ E. Nightingale
any outages in Seattle 98117 or is it just me?
Now, what's for dinner...
Thank you for checking us out here, it's way cool.
But there are different types of being defensive. I think this is the good type that at least tries to engage.
I Love Louis
Please know the actual names of the songs before sending them to us... Thanks!
yea? Good. I use the side of the tips of my thumbs. Haha!
Summer steam. Dupont escalators broken. This is my mount fuji.
who is your favorite member of 1D? Mines Niall :)
Good morning!
"Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there. People will follow." Seith Godin
Check the Logo, if it don't say MoMo, it's a No No!
RT : 10.b. Follow your customers on Facebook, Twitter and other social media. Join forums where they may share info.
I just learned (from the recipient) who won the latest Bancroft Prize, and it's one of my longest and best friends! Ya'll hear shortly.
Those movies don't exist. Josh Trank is rebooting the Fantastic Four, but because Fox owns the rights there won't be a crossover.
LINSANE IN THE MEMBRANE
Way to show 'em who's really boss Coyotes! Congrats and party on!!
Thanks for the realtor open house last night!!
Mine atr in 2 weeks. Yikes! So not ready.
Is use of 'cherry-pick' offensive in that context?
very nice!!
Have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend from & the cast of
Happy Birthday Rihanna Ah I had gone but I'm here with you
Its going down one day til the livest party in san antonio/CLUB EMPIRE 2moro. MR Rogers in themix
Don't you hate it when a "famous" person does a following spree on twitter, then unfollows you later? Smh. What was the point of that?
Great win for the Packers!!!
P.S. had a shown down at Spin on the tables got butt kicked. Great time thanks spin, fantastic to have you as neighbors. Cheers
just got my pizza with mushrooms.
luvvers is all. Now please STOP already!!!
I feel like I got played. That's new.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery. -- Anne Frank
Thanks to everyone at Emerson who came out tonight to listen to our pontificating!
I followed back C: <3
Thank you #CaptainSerious for forcing a Game 6! Can't wait to go to my first #Blackhawks playoff game tomorrow!
Taking english midterm today.
There ain't no women alive that can take my momma's place.
All my roomates have been gone for an extended period of time. I ve done all my packing.
If you havent been to this weekend, get there tonight or catch it online. Great testimony refers to #SunStandStill book.
Thanks for following me back. You are such a cutie. Can I squeeze your cheeks?
#pariswolf do you like waffles?
Facebook is the 9th top referrer to our Libraries website. Google is 19th.
loved hearing everyone this morning, but the Dr. is by far the gem today.
Niall can be your hero baby, Zayn will kiss away the Payne, Harry will stand by Lou forever, 1D take my breathe away.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking - “Fourth, Remember happy moments from your past.”
Actually we are working on some pretty good ideas right now. What you got?
Ok, so Nicole really wasn't on the phone -- but when she DOES let us know the latest, we'll be sure to pass it along to you! Happy Monday.
Why so early?
TODAY AUSTIN!!!! R U GETTING NERVOUS!!!??
happy to build for Outlook for Mac when Microsoft makes it possible - today, only calendar items available, no message info
Rough day but nothing a little pizza and a glass of wine couldn't fix!
Really now I think iam getting a Cold how is that is 92 out starting sound like the God father??
Easter Bunny or no?
Very cool Dee, will RT ;)
To the world you are one person, but to one person you are the world.
rules over EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING
#FINANCE #HIRING in #TAMPA an Accountant and Senior Accountant send #RESUME to
Drama? Yeah, not needed. Step back n be easy. Now... Time to go to Thr book signing!
Sometimes I wish I was ugly ...
just waking up, yawn. I am not sure, but something I ate last night has me feeling bad.
Stupid AT&T -.-
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. - Warren Buffett
Alarm Clocks, because every morning should begin with a heart attack.
U about 2blocks 2 far lolRT : run to my house n bring breakfast kill 2 birds with 1 stone
I saw your ratchet ass earlier... And now I gotta see you again in 5th! -_-
#longreads My new favorite hashtag. Long live long form.
Which Long Shot Podcast member would you most like to see on Dancing with the Stars???
My mom and both brothers are in Chattenooga for the night, first leg of their trip from savannah to Seattle
Go hard. Prayers coming your way from
Plz follow me pit luv u:)
New York City are you ready?! & Live at Sullivan Hall Tonight! 8pm!
Awesome. I am A proponent of both charter and public school and I totally agree....it's the environment and standards put forward.
Come over ! I wanna go running !
or am i just going crazy cause i miss you?
They tell me I have got a mind of my own, but sometimes it's like my mind itself has its own mind.
BBQ at my house!
RT Lions getting some pressure....but need to hit and wrap up Brees....he's stepping away from pressure
So now Im stayn up till 5 so i can make sure my check ain't short n to c where this random 60 came from
Sunburn. Mosquitos. Allergies.
Thank you!
That awkward moment when someone's card declines...
Playing with the new. Blackberry. I think I'll keep it!
haha but dont worry i will be there tomorrow!!
Shoutout to for hooking me up with those redbirds tickets! #thankyouagain ! 😊
Join for a Picnic Lunch this Sat. 10/22 at the Archives Bazaar! 1pm on the grass in front of Doheney
Good Luck To You Guys Tomorrow. Get that win for Coach K.
If not I want pics lol
YAM - Yet another meeting...
RIP Nick Thompson. One of the true good guys in the world.
"Any good youtube shit lately?" "Have you seen #epicmealtime?" "Yeah." "...Yeah that's all I got."
The tragedy of life is not that man loses but that he almost wins. -Heywood Broun
dance squad just performed a routine to Gaga's Bad Romance. Gaga needs to copy some more Madonna material ASAP.
Ohh how I miss you bed. Its warm & cozy. I'm off to dream-land, tomorrow is another day in the making life has been good. So surreal. GDN♥
#IndieMusic MP3: The Tallest Man On Earth – “1904″
Breeders Cup Turf - not a fan of these long turf races but for kicks I'm taking Sea Moon over St Nick & Sarafina . $10 ex box 7 w/1,2
Missing you, & that Cabo sun madly- the countdown to the 2012 TBO trip is ON.
Pretty sure I have turf in my panties.
Neville was the chosen one all along.
First #HRHappyHour - enjoying myself and the smart attendees! Thx everyone!
until u invent an entirely new language, characters, and infrastructure to create/support it, criticisms of Lucas are premature
Real bitches do stuff, fake bitches say shit. 🎧
It was a nice ride. Thanks for the coffee! I'm looking forward to a good night's sleep.
I believe that my art class may have more tattoos then UofLs basketball team.
Last night Adrian Hohman passed away. If u care about his family his friends and my school you will retweet this.
i c u to mami
I post a picture in the street team of how bad I look then everyone else does too. They are all so pretty.
I do
2. more. days.
split personalities? w/caffeine, w/out caffeine. i like the w/ bc that estevan likes to chat & is a little silly.
oh heavens, girl. You make twins look good, though!
I guess ill get up at 730 to go see Ro to hook me up.. My head is on jacked mode..
please, please, please want 100 follow me follow 5
I didn't get enough sleep to be dealing with this right now
Sadly I havent watched in like 2 weeks! I've been so busy I miss you guys! I think imma go watch all of the videos!
looks like a pretty useful one!
Yep!! RT : We're all the 99% at #YWCATriangle but we are not all impacted the same.
great blog - makes me hungry!! :)
Congratuations Chairman Brown! You are the best man for the job. I look forward to your leadership.
You give love a bad name
I was trying to see where I misread that. It doesn't matter to me who u work for, homebrewers are the future of craft brew
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -Stephen King
RT : A4: Why do you need a functional resume? Not qualified for the job? Then don’t apply. RTFJD (Read The Job Description).
Keep rolling Lions! Need more from the GA connection.
..in nola too..watching you on msnbc..I always enjoy your insight..especially the Medgar Evers reference..
Yes has won her first Academy Awards #OSCAR for the supporting role in
hey. thanks for responding to my text
wow, what an amazing app for busy moms!! One word, awesome!
Why is 50 da new hunit? I will never understand...
RIP Maurice Sendak. Enjoy the wild rumpus in the sky.
Jennifer Lawrence should deff get a twitte acct. omg
shit what time is it over there
"For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul."
The steadily increasing stream of recruiter interest is quite gratifying.
Congrats to the top new startups out of : Lunker, EV Racing and Buddy (My Buddy)
you have tattoos too?! Jesus Christ get in my bed
": passed out in my avi >>>>" you probably tried fondling him after you took the picture you freak
“: Oh, you park backwards in parking spaces? You must get all the bitches.”
Sitting on the porch watching my neighborhood
RT : Free appetizers at Sprecher's Pub Today! Just get the magic words found at www.phreeps.com
It's About lifting eachother up not dragging eachother down.
Jessi, okay my question was why are we following PrayingForCaitlin ? Considering i HATE her ?
Did you go with the Creative Cloud? Trying to decide whether it's the best option.
no better way to learn chinese than to approach strangers on a college campus and convince them to come to your show
It funny, I say something extremely inappropriate and gay and lose 4 followers and gain 5 lol
some beautiful visualizations have been developed over the course of the Institute
Emily Hayes is the most beautiful, sweetest girl in the world. She always makes me smile
Whole newsroom just cracked up at Callista talking about how much Newt loves books
Dear Demi Lovato, I ♥ Your Songs And All [ I Cry On Each One I Listen To ] But Do You Mind Giving Me My Diary Back?
Happy snacking! ;)
This is the day the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad.
Cake for breakfast.
Be grateful for what you have and be humble for your successes.
Good morning, Tweeters! The Museum of African American History (Boston & Nantucket) is finally on Twitter!
The chargers are loading up! Not good for the chiefs.
lmao he'd be here anyway
I'd say Toronto, but they already overpaid him a few years back.
officially applied for graduation!
“: Great photo shoot with today! We can't wait to share them with everyone!!” :)
Thanks for the tweet review of Tower 10, Eric. Hope you have a chance to try Tower 20 soon. Cheers!
thanks so much Sarah:)
I'm ready for you to commit to Kentucky. UK fans are hoping you pick UK. Good luck this season
Hope you had fun yesterday cousin! Love you! Happy Birthday!
Agree. Another thing: "company type" property seems quite useful, was wondering how that is related to NAICS codes.
RT : A few more into preview tonite and tomorrow nite for God of Carnage.Call 635.5252 & mention this tweet for $10 balcony tix.
The person that I would try... is happy with a good guy.
Thanks so much! I'm excited to start with all of you amazing ladies!
Yes one more run dis inning 2 more next . We need the offense to show out.
ugh im gunna go cry myseld to sleep bye
funny-I planned on starting my next set with Roy!!
YAY! but ive been up all night watching and hoping his videos come back up!
I wanna pass a memo to entire theater and art world that is one sentence long: "If you want me to participate you gotta pay me. Thanks."
Chapter 2012 Page 74 of 366 I've been labeled "Random Abstract" by friends and family...I finally embrace the title.
If you couldn't make it to Pineapple Willy's tonight, I will performing tomorrow night (May 11th) again at 6:30 PM.
If my house had to be infested, I would choose koala bears.
to top things off. about a hundred of my movies were stolen. in the last 2 weeks. and by movies I mean DVD's and Blue Rays.
Being Ugly Is Beautiful
Jaja, sounds so much fun! Why is there no photo of running through the pumpa?
I really want to know if we'll find out what Troy sent to Britta.
Rosie Milligan Internet live show 3-8-11, 10-11AM Topic: We can complain about the gas gouging or we can do something about it now.
Yowch! Good wishes to you and yours, my friend!
I definitely will!
Monthly rentals available for & Dm me for details
sounds good!!
glad I'm spending time with my baby , bassssschurch for the night (:
That's why you looked familiar(: , my friend went on stage and we got t-shirts that were signed by him, at thee oc block
I totally remember that show!
Marco Silva Hawaii Real Estate Broker at Clark Realty Kona puts his Big Island experience to work for you!
what's your major?
#NeverBe anything less than the best you can be
Goodnight! Hopefully my life will get better <33
Make sure you head to Sam's Boat on 3908 Braker Lane from 5-7 for our Budweiser Van Hit! We will have tons of great giveaways so don't...
The three men you should never trust: Player, Pimp, President
There are ebooks and coupons for under .15 cents on ebay. Buy from 100 different sellers. That way you can get 100 feedback fast.
#3WordsOfAdvice Speak No Evil
damb forgot terry got a red
Cut your cost of listing property in Illinois, list for free at www.illinoisbrokernet.com
OK actually boarding now. Goodbye #FOWD friends. Til next time.
only if you catch a monster
you embedded a post that refers to higher Ed as "not a one hit wonder": as though it could be?
because i don't get much in life . But i NEVER SAY NEVER. You tought me that. But when i'm in doubt &' feell tbc
did not expect the discussion on jeans to be so useful! appreciated the convo on young professional wardrobes
umm like I give a shit.. ?
it's probably going to be all "COURTROOM and LAW material tho"
Thanks for the new follows everyone and mentions - help us get more likes on Facebook please! Abused in
I love Beck too.
#2012LeatherandLaces was a huge success! Great job team!
#myfirstyearatfamu This little midwestern girl was culture shocked. Everything was brand new!felt like I got 2 educations 4 the price of 1.
it's Definetly time for new beginnings
Ay aye Move that shit out the way! lol
-- Right now I am burning my wife's copy of Daft Punk's Discovery. This album is like "Lyrics? F lyrics."
"I call this pitch, Platinum Ice Storm", says Matt Garza to no one.
damn damn damn
Ron Paul just gave the audience bin Laden's explanation for attacking the US and got booed. This EPITOMIZES the Tea Party.
sorry babe in the theater room watchin underworld!!!
Ugh lost a follower ):
Listening to on #RocktheWorld with and
#JulietAnUnPopular sold 19 books the month of it's release. March numbers to be announced soon!
I love me martial's bbq
Google is the cutest thing today<3 go check it out.
"Tried that maple bacon beer you gave me from and it tastes like pancakes and beer FTMFW" Glad you liked it, bro!
You know I really love you this the realest it's gon get.
Thanks for the #Chicago ppl mention
Good Morning!! Woke up late but in a great mood....I still really need a cup of coffee!!!
it's almost your birthday!!!! I wish I could be heree
": It's a New Year, New opportunities will arise, all the pages are blank right now, WRITE YOUR OWN STORY."
#Brewers are getting harder & harder to watch without drinking
Cooler weather but allergies seem to be hitting hard. Not sure to what? Maybe mornings at work. . .
fried hot dogs and my favorite dudes.
you want to stick your chocolate in my blubber I have a deep itch Fireman Joe can't reach, while he Blockwalks you cockwalk.
Just watched the Pulp Fiction blu-ray last week and thought to myself that most milkshakes are probably $5 today.
so what's our song
Goodnight yall! Stay Gucci
Lindsay Lohan is being sued for not paying a $90,000 limo bill. Oops.
We've got good news. If you can afford to buy a home, but your credit has some issues. We Can Help You Buy! www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
good night~
so, what really makes them great is what the leadership/interested parties have to do to get their war.
soy robot.
If you liked the Teahouse Fire (an understatement in my case, it was adorable) Ellis Avery has a new promising novel out "The Last Nude"
Mm, baby girl's shit killed mine in this head to head but I gotta do what I gotta do.
Big session today w then back to nyc tom, LA I'm gonna miss u for a minute
Some people think im ....
you have no followers ( ;
When I tested G+ Hangout record feature, it capture a local video clip I shared in the session in archive. Not sure about Youtube.
What can we do about the situation in Syria? You, Walt, and Jim wrote the book.
u need to come to da party tonight
Marched with Sandy in the 4th parades and wear her t shirt each time it's clean. Hit the streets too. Sandy's great!
Heading to the Murat Theatre for the Heartland Film Festival to the black-tie event to rub elbows w/ the company of Martin Sheen.
If this … Negligence, Z-man was aggressor, in-sighted incident, even if he got his but kicked, could lose affirmative defense self-defense
Land Rover LR4 - The Car Connection
So i gotta tweet through a text -_-
Besides, I'm waiting for a position at Monticello to open. ;)
#hniu Kinky observations: functional pool takes 20-30 year old males
The Chicago dog from Sonic is next.
aw cheer up mate !
How do you know? :)
I'm gonna book you both one day!!
It's nice to be able to stand up without the world spinning. Another few hours of that and I was calling the doctor.
i wanna go to twitter jail .
If you have no will to change it, you have no right to criticize it. ~Author Unknown
thanks for the RTs and mentions
#NBCdebate since when did this become a Mitt/Newt only debate?
how creepy it would be
So apparently I was able in 5 minutes to drop the amount of particles being rendered from 50+ to about 6 per effect, small victories!
I wanna move to Columbus, OH..
Luckily I lived in Manhattan, once upon a time :)
Your happiness should come frm within. No thing, or individual shld dictate your happiness, it shld be in addition. Be Blessed
Sometimes I feel like a King and my parents are my serfs. I also have a usurping older brother but I had his punk ass exiled years ago.
I was excited about potentially visiting Belarus while reading the first half of your previous tweet. Then, not so much...
Living off mojitos for the last 3 days.
He gets cuter and cuter--- you're gonna be in trouble momma! ;)
Officially my favorite thing that happened at the #goldenglobes: the Felicity Huffman and William H. Macy duet!
students get your etiquette dinner tix $7 in Seton 120. Dinner is 2/8. Learn to network in business setting over dinner!
The real winner of the NFL Draft is the company that manufactures the number "1" for jerseys.
any slight chance that you will be honest and admit that Hamas has been trying to kill Civilians for a while-try telling the truth!
So cut me loose, this has gone too far. I'm getting out while I still have a shot. I get my way.....
If you, or someone you know, has been talking about eyelid surgery - here's some facts for you. Consider having trained eye surgeons...
is working on a Quake Arena Arcade podcast!
"Let's revel in wasting our time as adults romanticizing about the wasted time of our youth"
Have a great time! Would love to hear how it goes.
I don't remember this quote from the LOTR movies, but its a really good one; Not all who wander are lost - J.R.R Tolkien
#iloveitwhen little girl say , its so cute(:
google it, and tell me the difference
Go,Go,Go
you'da best, hurry up!
i shouldn't be left home alone.
&we get nothing 4 the n between the lines admission of a total system breakdown collapsing on our lives; my Spouse & I? What? What? BOOM
I kept hearing he was really over the top, but I kinda wish he would've been more over the top.
Man is body, soul and spirit...being bound in any 1 of the 3 will prevent you from accomplishing what the Lord has purposed in your life.
All around a great game!
I've added the rest of the 2012 dates to the AR calendar, hope that helps.
. Thank you very much for the RT!
omg is always so critical of my tweets. But it's okay, cause he's a loser :p
Watch us on tomorrow morn at 5:45. We will be talking all about Sunday's walk. W.sdarthritiswalk.org.
"Air of night"
Aww...lol i miss our juniors!!
hey Jazzy Babyy! I seen your video of you rapping. It was so good. I was like, "I know her" lol
I Think Hookers Would Be “Effective” Counselors/Therapists… They’re More Result Oriented…
WHAT?! HOW COME NO ONE TOLD ME???
why should I follow a fake ?
RT everything High value.
Sure. well, Chad, Ella and Hayden wont be around her all the time. Then i'll show her what liars you are.
Air Force Academy football team is at WH Rose Garden today to get the CIC trophy presented to them by the President
Where is Gino's, I;d like to try that burger.......
The Union play under a bridge? More like the Philadelphia Trolls.
song is awesome:-)
I feel naive. Its pathetic
of course you do. Get a license plate # and call
Im sorry , ill be there tomorrow :) RT : I feel alone :c rt. : im home :o
Carlton Farms Boar Sausage today! Swine w some wine Cinghiale Style Sausage
you are welcome. Keep sharing great content!
I am speechless THANK YOU! I Love IGIGI!
RT : Force may subdue, but love gains, and he that forgives first wins the laurel - William Penn
1- i go through phases of musical interest. One week ill be obsessed with Maroon 5, next day it'll be BFMV :)
Last day of the month gets the best deals on Hardwood flooring!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA! Is that racist?
Filing my taxes... *crossing fingers
Mac Miller
Just because sometimes I'd rather pee my pants than getting off the couch to use the bathroom doesn't mean I am lazy.
It is the most beautiful day in Chicago today!
Kobe Bryant on a PSA says he is SHOCKED that there are 50k homeless people in LA. I say it is only because he takes a helicopter to work.
how r u
u got rabies
Not quite, but we do have a ton of specials right now. Call us for info! :) (512) 444-4600
I have got to stop playing Skullgirls and go to sleep.
Happy Sunday :)
One Gator out, one gator in. Does this make you feel better about
Rollicking. Love that word. I first saw them at that music event at the Zoo. (What's it called?) Rathskellers. Never been...
Probs the worse day ever :/
RT : Do yr #Tweets influence HedgeFunds? partners w #Twitter +filters keywords for $ mngrs,find out how
Media feud!
I don't see PRGRMmich, your missing a key party
Sleep time
i dont know how far away is mesquite from your house?
Bwahaha! Are you serious?! You want it that bad? Oh dear. I better get to writing...
I kno 😔 I miss you hoe.
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. . :')
I've been thinking Mary Magdalena, if I loose my election, maybe I will go back to the sisters at the convent reknew my vows & become a nun.
All these Big bitches n here.....i shoulda wore my honey bbq cologne
I cant even listen to half of my ipod now. CongraduFUCKINGlations.
I come to win not to see you walk away with a smile on your face and my trophy in your hand. i'm binging it this year!
It's so good! Now I have to re-listen to them all :)
"stop drinking alcohol in class" "it's not alcohol it's wine" IT'S 10AM you wild fucking bitch
Just discovered my previous tweet was my 666th. I guess now you've got MY number.
This series is not over,Boston wins next 2 Miami wins game 5 and Boston wins games 6 and 7
Nice. $1B FB + Instagram. Now just need to add to it, and the empire is complete!
Good luck with the inbox cleaning! I created about twenty folders to organize everything. Including one for 415.
Great one! His nods to Nina are so sweet RT : I really wish I could read Al Hirschfeld's diary. Think he hid "Nina" in the margins?
Ok. Cool. Im annoyed.
Should I go on a blind date??
LMFAO. It just stopped working out of nowhere? xD Why don't you get them checked? lol
My sentiments about President Obama's announcement today are the same that expressed in her #FB status.
On WWVA-1170 radio with BloomDaddy at 8:50 am this morning. Get out the vote day for early voting which begins today!
RIP Mike Wallace
Top of the morn'n! Looks like we made it! Tgif!
Okay, time to get up out of my comfy warm bed, stop blowing up twitter, and go run
I haven't seen it! Too bad I'm in NC or I'd see it with you.
My barrage of delicious afternoon naps continues.
id advise homies to stay homies. few ppl u can trust, all the ogs told me.
Janet Reno 911
Honestly, I would like the deal more if Ellis opted out. Still a shit trade though.
isn't that the dude LaGarette Blount cold clocked?
Fallow me on Spiffbox.com Get paid to socialize per friends request you make money no catch its cool!!! just like myspace facebook & twitter
Listening to a student share about how where you attend school matters in terms of the education you receive. Breaking my heart listening.
I would, but I think I'm too old :)
SO Busy Schedule . b/c School Starts the 15th ugh i hate that our summer was short as hell (: Two months aint nothing !
2010-11 season starts with a bang as teams go 7-8 from the 3 pt to start the annual Crimson & White game. Great turnout of family/friends
my eyelashes itch. and yes, it's possible.
8.29.09 Bye Bye Show at Mango's Fat Tony, , Tax the Wolf $5 8pm all ages
not one single bit.
#BackWhenIWasAKid we had penny candy & jungle juice....
My bras are getting so pricey I need a lone three times a year. What do store bought girls do ?
did somebody say cats?
Living the #diamondlife every day all day
Lost hours spent on a website. *blink blink blink* Daylight?
Starting to get excited about upcoming visit with
That is very ADAM advice... duly noted. Don't you feel like a fraud though? Maybe it's better to be real & sometimes hated...
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.
Sorry Elliot threw up inside your Christmas gift box....
makes the best beef sandwich, #TheBeefEllington uncommonly great!
go up the street to the Owl for the real crazy, it's cheap beer night there on Tuesdays.
thanks for following!have a fantastic evening&be sure to check out too!xoxo
Empty barrel mek di most noise...meaning: people who don't know anything about the subject, always have the most to say.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
THANK YOU SO MUCH:')) <333.
wow extreme fog downtown
I'm totally addicted to my #OTH season dvds. I actually watch them everyday. So happy I start #WORK tomorrow. 8+)
yea according to my mom I'm a bad kid
Big thank you to all the new followers! We appreciate it!
I have no words......RIP Whitney Houston
"Damn three hours left at work that shit like a long block class"-kid in the cube over by the water cooler
My wife chews the fish-oil horse pills - I still choke them down.
I want my long hair back .
just wanted to say i love you guys :D
Good morning to all my Laker Haters
Congrats to everyone graduating from MSU this weekend! Enjoy it and truly take in all the glory because afterwards it's the real world lol
Dan, Barbara, and Sarah address the great group of people gathered here at
Ball Four
You have no idea how many little Ovechkins I coach here in the PVAHA...the o-zone creativity is fun; the d-zone is...not.
Left beacon at 345am arrived at JFK at 745am..missed flight..how's yur morning
They gutted his weird ass ..
Can you please vote for Germany? We all have waited so long and we'd be so thankful. <33
Portland's Pihcintu Children's Chorus featured on the TODAY Show just now. Amazing. So much to be thankful for.
A little something a bit of crack can't fix.
thank you.
hey my baby girl is 22 today, wow does time move by!
Great tournaments on the local, state, and national level can be found at www.tournamentscoop.com
Yes I have change homeless man, but its mine! That's what sets us apart. If I give it to you then i could be where you are come tomorrow.
It's called when I fall :) hahaha yayyy!
Only 13 days left to take advantage of free shipping on your personalized Slyder Football game!
Just got a parking ticket because my haircut took too long...so not fair!
And after 12 freakin hours, my foot is starting to get feeling in it again. Took long enough
Saw last night. SO GOOD.
love you sissy
yes. Stretch there often and today. Sad.
ahha thanks!!! :] and that sucks o.o
RT BYOD obstacles seem to be more about control than about learning. We need to think Differently.
Attempted to accomplish two things, struck out on both. Can I go back to bed?
Yikes! Either way it is an image you can't shake. :)
I just wanted to make u happy:)
I suspect that I just watched what will prove to be the most entertaining game ending of the season.
Wow Matt Jones is tearing Joel Pett apart ! Leave the guy alone, he does excellent cartoons and is a great addition to Hearld Leader !
This #ipad has horrible battery life.
yup....you can tell that we're in Arizona..-_-
interested in United for Youth. Exciting times for The Foundation and Equal Voice! More when I see you.
Do it Your Self Type
I was thinking somewhere closer to home so I can get ready for work quicker
Self destruction in such a pretty little thing <3
yay! I need some daily "Happiness Bubbles"
To celebrate # Braun being found innocent, I will be going to the bar shortly
Trying to bake something fabulous for the blog while playing fetch with the cat.
Hooray!! RT: : Months ago I tweeted my love for - after a brief hiatus, I can say they are still my favorite in DC!
Congratulations to ! She has the password to tonight's #CovertTU!
#geekend #fa115 via "80% of [American] Internet users are social active"
Who would you call? Ghost busters or Kellin Quinn
Green spicy spaghetti!!! Yummy!! 🍝
I knew you would like that one...it was sweet...had me looking
ALL CAPS=enthuses on the WORD !
It was nice to chat with you at the #UPEILC event today. I hope gave you a good presentation!
Click LIKE if you're craving a MamaPita wrap!
they are just getting big!! :)
Hope you get better soon :)
Hungry & in the design district tonight ? Check out Gastropod next to Independent Thinkers: 222 NW 27th Street
uh oh
Fat ass :P....You will never have a chance
Hmnnnnnn I should sleep now
Richard:"You know, I had a great aunt once who said if you stare at a beautiful woman too long, you turn to stone. She was partially right"
Are you on the twitter website? At the top of the page there should be an icon that says "@ Connect"
Great things! planned a head, im stoked for the summer! check out my website!
Camilla runs it....
ull get them in January, worry not
"Parenting is a gift at any age."
When Mr.Lee calls me DORA >.<
love me some Chaka
Can't tell you the last time I was not financially stressed out.
Tell me what you know about love, I'll love you what I know about love.
RT “: Only I have the power to rid myself..........from the demons inside my mind.
an image pdf from a scanned copy of a printed out email - I'm so glad we're on top of preserving our information in useful formats here
This tells you a lot about the person asking
Finally purchased my membership, yeah! Enjoying sessions while getting some work done this AM. Surfer Blood session great!
Thank you for the follow! I hope you have a lovely Thanksgiving holiday!
Students use youtube to pronounce words. They don't use a dictionary...that's why we should be using images and videos.
Hi! thx for following me...someday I will make it into your showroom :)
we circulate iPads in a neoprene bag with the charger. Can find out the brand if you need it.
My time is precious, if your not precious to me I don't have time 4 u
tanning TIME. <33
It was great to meet you, too! Have fun teaching the noobie NP's today.
omg that is the best tweet I have ever read in my life❤
This had been the worse day of my life!
oatmeal weather
Sacramento, are you out there? I want to follow your tweets!
:) Yes. Lots of space too. Very excited about all the space.
Poker tables for sale!!! www.eproducts4less.biz
Can't always judge a book by its cover. I was sure I'd pass on new King Tuff record but instead I was pleasantly surprised.
Men really suck at noticing shit. Went from bright red hair to dark brown and my dad didn't notice at all lol.
so nice to hear thank you. Once things calm down a bit I have ideas for how to spread awareness with the funds
Thanks! Much appreciated.
im so not feeling like myself at all rightnow im not even talking like myself
I miss Stringer Bell
its sounds good if you didn't have confidence we could get a result at home. If they hit back on a counter for 2-1 DISASTER!
hey bro we gotta exchange some songs this Drama hit me....
stop singing!!!!
RT : First rookie appearance went well, had fun with the kids, even tho some of them were kinda bad. Well they were bad.
Remember, the only poll that really matters is on Election Day -Turnout from Multco shows less than 9% of people returned their ballots!
Time To Cancel That Bitch Like Neno !.
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow again. Maybe he needs to stand in a different light.
& this is crazy , but here's my number so call me maybe ! #onrepeat 🎧🎤😁
But somewhere good
Hard to believe tomorrow is #HelloDecember! #GoodbyeNovember: you went fast! Oh, and Happy Hump Day to All!
Congrats to fellow Aztec and welcome to #RaiderNation ...Dude was a beast at SDSU and will be the same on the
ahaha. thanks for the compliment, but if I don't work out, I won't fit in it!
Watching Ann at the desk handle a very cranky patron w. grace & professionalism. Hey lady, the fines are a good investment.
no cookies for this mama. Ready for some ?
thanks so much Mel!!
tight game between LAL and OKC !!!
Mary Mary I love them they thought me a lot threw they music
Detouring tonite to local club for throwback band. All you vampires ~ tomorrow morning comes faster - TONIGHT AT 2 AM WE JUMP AHEAD AN HOUR
only 13 days until the ! it's my favorite time of the year! i swear...it's better than Christmas! YAY!
Thanks for your support!!!!
Shower in gym? I think yes,
Great time tonight. Seeing some old friends and they are rockin' it.
we're going to have to change your name to WODzilla!
This episode of #house has my crying like a baby :/
i want a cute relationship
Thanks for the RT! We hope you have a great day!
I agree
that sounds like fun! And yes I do lol why
Porn stars have started following me on twitter. I am 100% sure it's because I am following
seems into social media- want to join the launch of our start-up? Free to have BuddyGuys keychains floating around Chi. DM 4 info
welcome home. we missed you
Undertaker is the dead man
I've never been happier!!
goodnight sweet dreams:)
its so windy but i love it haha
#random why do ppl have to be so damn stubborn. stubborn=hard to deal with. can u not be so difficult???? Please
going to be attending this event my sister bf is gonna be performing at
Me, My Two Best Friends & A Bottle = TOUBLE !!"
I find myself wondering how you lovingly rip off somethings head.
Thanks. When I clicked on "Add a new credit card" nothing would happen. Had to start over on the tickets homepage.
Hope all you FAC heads had a wonderful Wednesday! Come on in tomorrow and receive two top shelf grams for a $30 donation!!
Nathan Ruyle: What’s happening with all the data on Facebook? Insurance companies are most interested in buying it.
very cool! please follow !!
Give free or low-cost trials to get more people to try your product
Thanks - back atcha!
thank u
Good for you. So much can happen on the internet with children so good for you for watching.
RT - I think the Miami Dolphins season should come quicker to be honest.
In Spain, Greece and Latin America, Tuesday the 13th ("martes trece") is unlucky. #Triscaidecafobia is the fear of Tuesday the 13th!
Come to #Denver! ": Just 2 weeks away from the start of the tour! GET EXCITED!"
Good mixtape, many bands I've never heard of. liking this one: Dag for Dag
When people text me "K"... I like to text them "L", OMG you next!"
When sprayed with pesticides, plants tend to produce less Resveratrol.
Is it time yet?
So I kinda decided that I like the song #aftermidnight off of #blinkoneeightytwo 's new record. It's pretty good.
Yeah buddy <3
oh yeah when you coming to the chi
OH YEEE!! Cool! Glad we're on the same page lol how's that record coming along?
Napping gets me in a great mood :)
tonight! I know and maybe are comin, how bout you?
Would it be inappropriate to take a #CircleMeBert sign to the #Marlins / #Pirates game?
makes Sticky Rice look like Burger King.
My thoughts exactly RT : Diggy got Bow Wow lane on smash
Staying busy preparing for our Self Wealth Live event in Chattanooga this weekend!
what about flying?
RT : Gov. Mitch Daniels gives shout out to ed reform in GOP response to
Shorty is too much for me, my nigga better get his girl.
If only Electricity was free -.-
Just set my DVR on record...no way imma miss #FamilyHustle! :)
you would have loved this
"What happens if a car comes?" "We die."
Model Event all weekend...Can't wait!
Stefany wrote all over me I look like a clown daww.
nah mine are way better
P.S. There was a naked butt shot of in #TheVow. I must admit, I didn't hate it. :)
dad is telling the dogs to quit expressing themselves through barking, and to choose another option, like prayer or yoga.
hating that movie: hard. being bitter that those seats can be charged for: easy.
What sooper power ???
Good morning! I have a date tomorrow. We're going to a corn maze. I've never done that before. Fun!
watching movie with my cuzzin. hahah pretty funny
Remember when we couldn't wait to grow up?
What's every Jewish ecofeminist's favorite holiday? TuBshvat!! Happy New Year Trees!!!
can't ever go wrong there #Truth ...
We're thinking about #SteveJobs today, who was and still is the face of innovation. He continues to be an inspiration for us all.
My pleasure giving back!!!!!!!
Thanks! I couldn't make the party. Hope lots our NBC7 Family got nominations because they are the best.
ALL OF THIS SPAM!! get away from me!
"The Negotiation Limerick file" was my favorite track on Hello Nasty. Such a fun song.
Reading Classical Greece by Robin Lane Fox (2006), a most useful book. He writes well and reports on the latest research.
Hoop time! 🏀
Its Official Douglas Carter Beane Joins SISTER ACT Team!
the prowler sled! Gets you shredded everytime!
plz come over there's wine n vodka. k :)
Photos coming soon from Uni in Brooklyn. First, a drive to Cambridge MA. Good night Brooklyn.
Was so busy thinking about how wildly bored I was, that I missed an in studio live shot I forgot I had. Sorry eek!
So True!!! RT : Breakfast Tacos from are a great way to start the week!
Good Morning! Happy Monday (sorta) :)
Let's go if u wanna it u can get it just let me know.. I'm bout to....
i can't wait!!!
Click. NFL draft time.
Sorry for the unvollow but #nfb. Happy to help with your social media 417.437.3949
Listening to while getting ready for our performance at #TheDonGatlinShow tonight:)) Excited!
Atkins: We should be thoughtful as we move forward.
Honestly I'm not the type of girl you wanna piss off but if you wanna go there then lets see how far you get before I beat you
Is it safe for me to assume this is Mystique Macomber? And don't be offended. Most found out on Facebook.
Wow, I am so proud of my friends, they are so beautiful and talented! The process is: live life to the fullest!
Straight like that!! Kobe
Is this the 95 #Indians team??? This guys are hitting the crap out the ball today!
