Yeah, but i dont really watch football just twitter.
Just had a tasty lunch & was luck enough to get a tour. What a nice venue for music & the wine is great too.
#TEDMED there no biomarker measures in psych. We might be surprised when we learn they are systemic diseases
when he is King of the World - the charges will go away...
Watch your dreams, sometimes they come true.
Remember...no one cares about this game.
There are so many Jews in Penn Station right now.
Definitely feeling relieved now
that was one belieber, leave.
Absolutely! We think it's great!
4 out of 5 times I drive down Monroe, a DMX song comes on the radio.
Read it online. No pictures.RT : I'm so not used to seeing my picture in the paper, lol
We're giving 25% off printing for shirts benefiting Japan's recovery. For details contact us. Our thoughts are with them.
same here but with crutches...i crutched to Mr. Hebron tonight and it was hell haha
same here. Hope for no wind today. :)
Fabian wants to get lunch Tuesday or Friday. U in? If so what day?
Thank you Jeff!
:Looking at your friend and saying, "I'll do it if you do it". hahha reminds me of us
#SometimesItSeemsLike you can never finish your work.
Today is one of my favorite Aggie traditions....and we softly call the muster...
You did. My week just got much more difficult.
U r agreat Mother Jilian and don't know but on TV but I can tell u r grat Mother always tell your self that OK XOXOXO
Tools Programmers needed for Great studios in #Austin #SanFrancisco #boston and
I've enjoyed reading my timeline all day. Nothing but Janet love! :D
#PULPFICTION FOLLOW HER NOW!!!
"From 1 to over trusting, I'm pretty damn naiive"
a girl that can make me laugh >
Thanks again for coming out in the rain on Sunday! Hope to see you again soon!
#TMZ kills more brain cells than alcohol.
Happy Founders Day Iota Nu chapter of Alpha Chi Omega, installed at on May 9, 1992!
Tasting morning <3
we are the only living creatures in universe as far as we know if there were we would have by now it's no cover up really.
Everybody always talking bout Light skinned this.. dark skinned that... what about us Beautiful Brown folk???? ( ;
Some nights it was like she didn't know what it meant to be on key.
That one akward moment when u finnaly. Say ur goodbyes to ur friends but u walk the same way....lol
Love is the ability to SACRIFICE. Marinate on that...
Hoosier Daddy??? ON WISCONSIN! great win tonight for Badger basketball over Indiana!
It seems like most of us have made it. Thank you guys at the for such a great time!
hickory dickory dock. My balls fell out my jock. I laid them to rest on some hookers chest and paddled her face with my cock...
Sick for the last 3 days! Yuck...can't wait to cook and workout again!
Thinking about how hot Robert Downey Jr is . . . So yummy.
Legs On The Dash Board >>>
child. U hav problems !!!!
ping back when you've finished. I just recently finished it myself.
Go ahead and judge but I'm into everything Californian.
I knoww lol I applied freshman year let it go. I gotta come visit tho!!!
Congressman Danny Davis ranking Democrat highlights Freedom of Speech provision in the constitution.surprised about hearing on this issue
Happy 100th birthday Fenway Park!
also just bought an autographed copy of Patti Smith's "Just Kids"
no one gives a fuck what your food looks like
Sounds like insomnia
it was good and I don't have your number bud
But will they be fried????
Stomach flu & Having to do homework , ehh not the business . ='(
Some one new text mee !
Hung herself from the banister. Jenna Parry hung herself from a tree. Liam Clarke hung himself in a playground. Justin Beecham slung a
.... You blowing up the running back seen as U & TEBOW steer the Broncos ship to the playoff promise land !!
where's that?
LMFAO!! 5,000? u might wanna times that a few more thousand times lmfao more like 9573220752042 tweets
People don't want us to talk anymore I heard it my self it is. Ku :-(
Good pitching match up today. Don't forget to cheer for the Mets. :)
Maybe this weekend since I soon have to full for a tix for Alix!
Go Pokes!!! Woo finally!
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself. ~Lao-Tzu
Way to go!
What bill?
Hey there ! in #columbiaheights would love some of that #OMGFreeBenJerrys. We're a hungry, appreciative, bunch.
#thankyouJustin for your talant personality Smile and everythinng you do !! I love you no and Always Will Always Be a BELIEBER !!!
RT : Even our carnivorous meat-eating cats like vegan pumpkin pie. Better not try #vegan - you just might like it!
We all need a guy like Beau #duckdynasty anyways...yes most of them do.
Girls need to start searching for guys who have goals and crave success, cause 10 years from now, "swag" ain't gonna pay the bills.
- tequila is a great anitdote Leslie...and ice cream works too! Tomorrow is always better.
Great day of training at Universal...Received my Employee Turkey, Pumpkin Pie and Grocery Store Gift Card......Yay!!!!
Three more days without cable and internets...
S/O to the big homie stay blessed and keep grinding... Thanks for being a inspiration to the youth?
me 2 and john cena is gonna teach brock a little lession not to ever mess with him
“: Those girls who NEVER touched a basketball in there life ., tweeting about the all star game #sityoassdown” Right
Sometimes what you need is to avoid what you want.
I am going to Europe in a couple weeks!!
New episode of Deadliest Catch on tonight!! :)
As Dad used say, we're outta here like a herd o turtles.
when you add another kid your work multiplies by 20, not by 2
thank you for the
yes, huge and well deserved congrats on Dragonvale!! So stoked for you guys. I'm now. Relocating to SF soon. =)
CHEERS TO THAT! 🎶🎁🎉🎈🎂 RT Happy Birthday , enjoy your day pal!
That's about right RT : "Twitter Breaks News of Whitney Houston Death 27 Minutes Before Press"
I cannot wait til basketball season is over
Christina Aguilera betta have those cheeks bronzed honey! •snaps fingers•
Song 4 halftime ideas....#AC/DC, Hell's Bells! #SanDiego is the best place for Spring Break!
Have you ever tried Marukan Vinegar? Share your experience!
I've been fucking bitches getting money ya know. Where have you been!?
Signs of spring: fat old men trying to keep up with skinny young girls on their lunchtime run.
In some ways the world is cooler than when I was a kid. Though it was nice being able to freely roam a 3 mile radius at 8...
Make super sad commercials featuring Sarah McLachlan, who's only job is to make you feel terrible about yourself.
I'm in the same situation. it is hard to go to work when you're not happy. Good luck working it out.
How many people have NOT been punched by ?
Avia Napa - lovely hotel but really a 15 min wait just to order your breakfast, and another 20 to get it?
So great to hear. See you soon!
Holidays at the library mean a never ending supply of cookies. I am ok with that.
Blonde girls who go tanning and then wear orange!
Hitting up the Hideaway in Curtis Park tomorrow. Come by for a drink! 7pm like every Thursday. Cheers!
Likewish Babe! Hey I'm da ghost wit da most. lol Get my number from your inbox and call me.
will do some sort of contest to make it fair for everyone. Lot of steelers fan outside pittsburgh. Only the followers can win!!
Left eye was crazy yo
No one likes a suck up.
Loved seeing Ziggy Marley & Simon Pegg on The Daily Habit shoot today! :) Great sounds & Simon cracks me up so much! Super great fun!
were gonna go hard tonight in buffalo !!!
Blue Caps, Comets. Midnighters. Flames, Miracles....YES
yea I'm great!!! Hope all is well with u too!!
Which JK? RT : we have mutual friend in JK, no?
I know so little about politics that in past elections I've voted based solely on the attractiveness of the candidate.
THANKS GUYS -
Um, I spell it " ", but can I still rule the universe with you folks?
#familyfeud===> #steveharvey: name something you need to make #cupcAkes? man: ugh ugh ......PASS! lmfaoo
Ryan Braun should be suspended right now for cheating!
did you get the license plate number? I bet it was a woman. And a maroon impala.
Thanks! It's been a learning experience but it has been wonderful introducing these books & perspectives to students!
Cry myself to sleep last nite y I dnt kwn
Is there a difference between Max and Next? I cannot keep up with Zero is simple, I get it. Get with it, Pepsi.
So... it's 9am. Who's ready for another shower already? Baby, it's HUMID!
just a dream right now but it's a start
it used to be it was cool NOT to go. the day.
Is there a piece of jewelry that has been passed down in your family? "Like" this post and let us know about your favorite family heirloom!
Watching crazy, stupid love... For the third time!
So excited for #BowlORama tonight with all of my ad peeps. It's time for bowling, drinks, good friends, and good times.
Vegas, NBC, and Indianapolis!
YAY! I might see ya there :)
just don't invite Delia's kids...
RIP RT Just found out there's only 2 Dylan Stratton's in the whole United States and both live in Kentucky. Wow....
They're seeing a 66% faster resolution time for those already on Insight Online
so many retweets! so much love!
I hate when people shut off to they self like bitch if some wrg say that
George #Kottaras is clutch as F.
#thedowntownfiction is definitely one of our inspirations for out music <3
bet we gonna link up soon
yea ur rite but I'm not having kids lol yet
I only got a couple pictures of people #hatting :( I NEED more! Come on people! help me out(: Youll be on my background(: !!!
I love love <3 I aim to be like Blair Waldorf and fight for what I want.
Absolutely Murdering the game.
*flails arms* No being bored! Theres SO much to do!!!
Lord, Please guide me. Help me to stay on your path when the enemy tries to lead me astray.
np! If you have any specific follow ups feel free to ask away.
sounds like a plann:D
depended on if it's a real smile or not
on my ipod! love music! <3
I would add "Inspired Goofiness" to core skills and abilities important to higher ed!
How nice! Love to hear your thoughts.
if you have to ask, you'll never know. If you know, you need only ask.
Very cool! RT This just in: LP lavender featured in Nikkei Marketing Journal
Rolling out a whole ton o' new beers this week, starting today with Lager and Gonzo. Life is good.
ready for the games tonight!
u da funniest! :D
It looks like we've got ourselves a new lair to practice music in and hatch evil schemes from.
#cil11 Moved over to Track E for the beyond 23 Things session. Hoping for some new ideas.
AW EVAN !
This incomprehensible reality is so incomprehensible that any other incomprehensible reality seems comprehensible.
It's cold as fuck
The good news is most people can "live as brothers" in Memphis. That isn't a good headline, though.
and memphis tn
Within past 2-3 wks Obama secretly authorized covert US support for Libyan rebels (Reuters 3/30). But who the fuck ARE the rebels???
: Aight we movin! Actually might be outta here within next 30-45 < excited much?
Absolutely, the greatest version of 'Brown Sugar' w/o Bobby Keys. Keef's riffing @ the end is glorious!
wayne also taught me if you drowning in the pussy then swim to the Butt
RT : TRAVEL AGENT REMINDER: Win a cruise! Uniworld #cruisechat is tomorrow Thursday, 4/19 at 11 am PDT. Mark your calendars!
On my way to go see #TheAvengers with my #Batman gear
#imagine *at victoria secret w/ ur friend* u- hey, is this bra cute? Justin- *comes from behind* sexy! Selena- hey!
i can't its saturday night and they up in Dancing and Drinking...when you coming and do the same?
Only 5 more till 100 follow me i follow back!!
Definitely. What did you brew?
he's on 30 rock live!
1997 MAHOMIES(: I don't think we've talked before?
looks awesome
GET YOUR BUT IN REHEARSAL SON.
knows what i'm talking about. Hahaha.
(swooning at the thought of Dean's papers). Tam Lin is one of my all-time favorite comfort books. Great news!
Looks like your Kangs believe in Jimm...now you have gotta bruh! Tyreke isn't a leader anyhow
Lookin for my paktah pasha. I got couple candidets and they look great
Just think how much scarier this lineup becomes with a hot Nelly Cruz...*shudders in fear for opposing pitchers*
happy thanksgiving everyone im thankful for all 3 of my kids and my beautiful feance vicki i love thwm all for life
it's been storming for the last couple of days. Do you have family here or you just like visiting? What's new in Texas?
awesome Karl, is this from one of your recent residencies?
ITS THROW BACK THURSDAY:)
I NEVER heard #Hankjr call obama Hitler- did y'all? Nope, cause he didn't! Maybe he was referring 2 Boehner? Didn't see that coming did ya?!
#fridayreads Sunrise Over Fallujah by Walter Dean Myers-- a sad read for my YA Lit class!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Meaty meal free coupon
#geekend #fa111 #transmedia storytelling via "deeper level of engagement with fans, longer engagement with fans"
#What is a goblin to a goon??? Js
you can dm me(;
-- Come get Some
Very nice - thanks!
I am soo freaking pissed! first yesterday, the guys behind me kept making fun of me 'cause im fat and today, my dad tells me that he (c)
everyday i think about you, you never escape my thoughts. Even though your gone i can feel you. In loving memory emily.
Small updates made to Snoclothing.com!!!!! Contact us at "SNO" clothing if your looking for a school discount.
yeah me too!
Watching a old school childhood movie
dm the info
Went through my entire house picking up all the change I could find.. Found $20 :D
Can't get on tweetdeck because of all my computer resource issues so I feel like i'm on twitter for DOS. :(
definitely. the #cowboys outperformed expectations throughout the last three weeks.
I was in juvenile court today for the arraignment of three Woodburn H.S. students, accused of setting fire to their school. See you at 5 & 6
God picked me up in a cab last night....we had a wonderful conversation over some Henny and a couple beers!
Obama czar refuses to retract paper urging government to &#39;Infiltrate ...
can I own MHB's picture on fb as my twitter background? :3
Kudos to students who are part of this project, believing what we are doing is revolutionary for tech-enhanced #Chinese language learning
": "Greatness is within you." - #CFALeadercast" this is a platform all MBAs should use
This coming Monday the 12th I will be at F. Scott's Jazz Bar playing solo. Come out and enjoy some tunes!
Anyone in the Pittsburgh area? Come for free snacks tomorrow at 7PM at the Greentree Radisson! Learn how you can make an income with snacks!
lol it's fine no biggy
Please follow Its the page for my upcoming internet radio station. Looking to get your music played, send me an email.
Kobe, Blake, or Ramon. Step up.
How can you win a winter getaway from ? Stay tuned!
it says it is removed by the user?
Heading to the Chicago #ompf tonight!
Bout to hit the workout.....all day everyday
damn right!!!!
being ignored is one of my pet peeves, that shit makes me irritated, mad, sad, upset, etc.
We need people from the communicative disorders field to serve as scholarship judges! E-mail Laura
: London, Italy, Spain.. Hmm I need a summer trip!" OOB!!!
im thinking of running State Representative from the 2nd
Pretty clear that the national media has picked the Giants over the #Packers. The East Coast bias will never end....sigh.
Richard Pryor's "Is It Something I Said?" has to be in the top 5 all time comedy releases. The material is classic Rich.
really...? That surprises me. I'd love to hear about that. It's a big change....
woowww i logged of to eat food and watch some movies and when i returned you guys went from 100 to 163 ty guys you're :D
He has like 85,000 series going at once.
Completely insulted that a student turned in a paper plagiarized from Wikipedia. If you're going to cheat, at least use a quality source!
i dont feel good at all. hope i get to talk to him :)
How dare you take that $ from gvt workers!RT We made history early this morning.Cut $100 billion from this year's spending plan
This is to the Mahomies that will always be by Austins side RT if you will always be there for him (:
Wow. It sucks that much money can go such a shitty family. “: From earlier this week: Kardashians Sign $40 MILLION Deal with E!”
Follow , this man is about to explode. Much love to our fam down unda! - Mendez
Wake me up when September ends -Green Day
Spotify For iPad Is Music to Our Ears [REVIEW] - Mashable
lol no I don't recommend that. How's the set?
PS We will pick up Unaffiliated food if you want something we don't offer online. We just delivered Popeyes today! Cash only
They mad at our love lol RT : I've just found the girl of my dreams!!!!! Oh how I love me some ----->
So like I can't order the roh ppv cause the website is messed up O.o
Tday is officially the last day of Winter. I talked w/ ppl about what they'll take away from this odd season.Report will air tmrrw CCO Radio
I'm watching it on youtube. I haven't seen No Direction Home. Been meaning to though. Heard good things.
About to fly out to England to find out if there is any truth to this Kris Boyd rumor!
Hoosier Pride! RT CLASS ACT for fans to give everyone a standing ovation.. why Pacers fans are the best, they show respect.
yep! Find me. I double dog dare you.
Working on new flavors now Clint but want to make sure they are perfect for our Moonshiners. Stay tuned. Shine responsibly!
OH and Happy Birthday to my amazing friend and sister from another mistress <3333333 I LOVE YOU BBY
“: wash that bad boy down with some Schlitz!”the beer that made Milwaukee famous!
THE VILLAS at the Red River Stage, 4pm today! PecanStreetFest
I gave +K about Social Media on
Hello Twitter! :)
we've got ismet prcic signing at the booth #84 NOW! winner of LA Times Debut Fiction Prize!
Questioning people ask so others know. Curious people ask so they know.
which im assmuing means its not raining and cloudy for 10 out of the last 12 days.
Tangled Snatch - Brad Pitt runs around and blathers incoherently while a cartoon chick gets.. wait for it ... HAIRY! Yeah .. that happened
Start the weekend now two hands up .,,,
I know right. This is good stuff.
Unfortunately, I got sick. D: ALWAYS. AHH.
Why say you hate your family? You will always need them no matter what happens! #lovedon'thate
Yeah, I refuse to pay for cable. But puppies would be 72384842863 xs better than this crap.
nah, fb is too mainstream and I'll get depressed if I get no likes. Lol.:p
When is your next FREE ADMISSION DAY??
Track meet today!
When you wanna say somthing. Buh dnt know how to <<<<<
Gah. Gotta start packing, cleaning and shopping for my trip.
actually since we haven't got that many&not that many lawlorffs are aware of this we will be accepting them till nextfriday
MT : Enjoyed round 1 as guest judge 's #SlowCooker chili cook off. Chefs brought their A game today.
Oh no, there's #HomerSimpson squirrels now?
Taco's is my Shit
Cube shut up
please move back to KC. :)
Happy Mothers Day!!!!
Thanks for last night ;) x
Please do give a question, love to feature it! Email to . Open for lunch anytime.
Thanks! And BTW love the image from Asimov's Futuredays! I was first introduced to it by
It's happy hour!!! #NHL playoffs all night!!
that rocks! love that and i could refire your awesome mojo..we're gonna make magic happen
My gr8tst fear is not my WEAKNESS..Its my strength I FEAR most...M not afraid of DARkness...M afraid of my LyT which d world cant SustAIn...
Woo 200 followers
will never follow me ! But you gotta #NeversayNever && #Believe :)
Good morning. Thank you for shopping with us this Tuesday morning.
Long day, big exam tomorrow : (
you have no idea how much I hope you will follow me one day ;D
#jaleos in #Vegas at the #cosmopolitan hotel is #amazing #tapas! My face place to eat here!
how bout nahhhht hhahaha I make a policy of not fighting football players
thank you!! :D
On this year's KyCC Agenda: Social Enterprise, Service Learning Webinars, Increased Marketing, and Expanded Resource Development
I get sad when SpongeBob cries.
Thanks for following back :)
I didn't have a goodnight sleep. :¢
Cassadee Pope with Rian from ATL on drums and Runner Runner on guitars. Is this real life??!!
Going back & watching some of my tape from the water bill hearing. City Auditor Robert McCarty won't make any of the newscasts tonite, but..
help me step my #internet game up lol
I've web playing Xbox since 12..
Credit Card Issuing in the US Industry Market Research Report Now Available from IBISWorld
I love the sound of power tools in the morning.
Happy first day back to school everyone! Drive the speed limit in school zones, they will be giving tickets & keep our kids safe.
1.it is nice out 2. people are vain :\ their shirts will come off
A message from our leader Oscar Hamilton: DEATH TO ALL HUMANS!!!
my heart hurts !
shes so sexy
Freaking Patty Mills baby!
I am also in a room with women prisoners.
oh i'm glad..and thank you so much! i hope you have a wonderful and blessed Christmas :)
woke up with a headache!
There are free options available. Don't forget, YouTube has editing software. Try it out.
Congratulations, I will go visit it and leave a comment. Tell me please, who is your most inspiring author?
uh yes! This wedding. Well it won't be in Texas lol even tho that's where my boo just graduated. Still Pink in Paris lol
Listening to - "Quit hunting and start giving. Give because you want to give."
Yuu Saw His Stuff Juss Got Blocked A Little Bit Ago Lol.He Miqht Get Off But We'll Keep The Lead N The End. But We'll See !
haha I just Andrew at the school getting his equipment
What the teacher is, is more important than what he teaches. ~Karl Menninger
playoffs picks?
hahahahahah I was the biggest cock block ever. But it's get fault. Sorry ! :)
If fair use goes to WTO is would be a test of a specific court ruling, rather than a sweep of the entire concept.
God means it when He says He will enlarge your territory and take you to new heights if you trust Him. this is ME, the queen of lonely.
La Fitness is NOT open yet... but soon. Still don't have their Cert of Occupancy. Hopefully later today or tomorrow. Post to come soon...
we should jam some time...
Her body is a wonderland!
smh> ppl who wear redlipstick foundation caked on, colored eyeliner, and fake lashes to go running #workingout or
I Agree With You Sweetie
I love Pike Place--I have family in Seattle, and we visit the city every few years. It's a great place.
talking about twitter as work collab tool
All are very hard questions to answer. I honestly feel like I have two different lives and unfortunately there is no way to combine them.
I WONDER IF WOULD EVER RT THIS AND MAKE?MY NIGHT!!! :D
Was great having in the studio yesterday. Interview and a couple live cuts on Seattle Sounds on Sunday at 3 p.m.
not really Like our new crew
i need you so much closer
Urban Meyer gets $26 mil. OSU "student-atholeets" can't even get a free tattoo. "Oh that is brilliant sir!"
They say 50 is the new 30 — not in age, in money: $50 is now worth about $30.,
I love your new online look!
heh, yeah itʻs pretty spot on. especially Koreans.
AMEN TO THAT ❕❕❕IT'S GONNA BE FINE❕❕SO NO LOBSTER N SHRIMP???
Me to daniela you like pulling on your pubs maddie to daniela u like eating your pubs james to daniela wouldn't they get stuck in ur braces
Definitely wearing connecticut casual at a black-tie wedding, either way it doesnt matter, I dont look as good as tonight
nothing much just creating master peaces.. hows the music coming ?
So wtf will the game be?
when we chillin
I can not picture u with braces
i hate you
I want a date night 👫
Only thing I'll say is Cal better get the UNC rivalry back. That's the OoC rivalry younger fans care about.
.... Not even gonna lie. I would kill for the new Canon Mark I. KFFKSSJYVEHJBD. 😍
Dude I guess you'll have to do a solo mission on some fat ass little blunts! Ha
also recommend news360. Will change ur life. Ok not really but it's a really good news source.
Not quiet in a bad way. U were never one to ramble on with the microphone as i recall hope u found the experience valuable.
Sunday brunching with and
I got it but I'm at workk -__-
how. dare. you.
i hear you. Lol. wow, RIP Freaky Tah. Thats what's up tho, gone but not forgotten...
the awkward moment when you walk in your house and the nude scene from titanic is playing in your kitchen.
those weren't the words? RT We didnt know the words to that Eiffel 65 song so we sang "Im blue if I was green I would die"...
Where do you see the #Knicks going this year?
Need help finding a great #NYC Apartment? Send me a message, I'd love to help!
im ready! Haha i have one, skype is biznass.
despite claims to the contrary, there are many similarities between shops. Ppl could cater the manual to local practice 2/2
I love when a man try and take me for grated because at the end he is the one who gets Fuck✌✌✌
Our focus at is soley on the #Anacostia neighborhood of #Ward8. We are happy to celebrate 20+ years here.
Movie day. Got to see how my melancholia expressed in a movie Melancholia.
looking forward to meeting in the near future.
. hoppin' with for pre in-store!
Need sum cheerin up : (
How many more classes do you have? RT : LAST CLASS LAST CLASS LAST CLASS
two words. CRAIGS. LIST. ;)
what tools?
RT : If Kobe gets hurt mike brown should jump off a bridge
March Madness right now on AM 1550 KIVA. TRAILING BY ONLY 5! Harvard coming back 70-65!
Diane Ramirez thanks Halstead team of brokers & staff for a record setting year.
Elise Testone will win American Idol. Stage presence will prevail over the best voices; Jessica & Joshua. Colton & Phillip will make big $
Just finished helping a small company with their network setup!
what happened to u?
LMFAO backup dancer <3 best band/group ever !!!!
dishes and some picking up b4 diaper party :) live is good less then 39 days till Spenc is due to arrive lil upside down baby boy!!
thank you! “: great tasting today at the Andaz Hotel NYC. Thank you!”
still pretty funny.. and shit u can't hold anything back gotta go for what u want
Congrats! You will be an asset to their board.
Quiz: Hunger Games Quiz
Scott Johnston has a fine quote in the millard west yearbook.:)
-we need ya man
Do it! Then tell us all about the behind-the-scenes stuff!
I was doing my own thing cause u wanted to be on the phone.
CHICAGO: Need a MOBILE SITE DEVELOPER: on-site, 40 hours, freelance. Please send resume and samples to .
Of coarse!:)-Kelly xoxo
Yup, then we smash a soft pretzel over one's head, punch one in the gut, & take one's wallet & run away screaming "PHILLY!!!"
Be careful of the type of relationship that you have with your co-workers. You never know when you may have to lead them.
I'll be watching. The Bosh injury will make it a little more exciting.
if OOP films qualify...The Third Man
The public presentation for the Navy Pier designs is free of charge.
": love you babe(:" love you too buff <3
My brother's friend was in a #drinking-related car accident the other night and has been unconscious since. Hopefully he's OK.
Gardening with my mom! What do you have planned for Mother's Day weekend?
RT #askanything: Classic Rock or Classic R&B? // flip a coin
a gift of dicking down woman is also a curse cause u can't get them to leave u alone.
I see (: ahah thanks .
FYI is a local hot sauce you have to try, get down to Besaw's on NW 23rd and enjoy a great meal with a killer Hot Sauce.
Mani/pedi yesterday, facial today. I'm loving summer vaca!
I'm heading off to sleep, so good to talk to you. Your little grandson is adorable, love seeing his pics on fb!
Thank you so much! We'll be in around one. I'll let you know when we arrive.
I too had an amazing time. Can't wait to retouch and get them sent out! Thanks again love.
I know, i'm excited already. So where u teaching? smcc??
Looks like stepped on a female landmine.
James King just mentioned As We May Think! Geek crush!
Close those eyes and listen to the sounds, that's god talking to you.
I want Jimmy Neutron's Brain, Phineas & Ferb's Summer, Timmy Turner's Goldfish.
Yes Yes Yes!! RT : I want a new red dress
I am soo bored right now .. like fr
Just learned at the LMA conference that the Average open rate for email campaigns to clients is 18-21%. What's yours?
i volunteered to buy 4 tickets for a group and now i wont even be in town. so im gonna get screwed, lol.
just lucky. LOL
When I get home, I'm drinking 18 beers.
Push a bullet into your skin VERY SLOWLY. If it starts to hurt, you're not bulletproof.
Meeting with Andrew for CC processing capabilities.
I heard it was really good and also it was bad lol so idk if I wanna see it or not
I DON'T KNOW IM SO CONFUSED!!! Bc now I can follow you. I'd be upset at the difficulties, but the problem is solved.
Hate being sick:/
Its the grand opening! And there's a Mexican hotdog cart! I know what's for lunch now xD
I love Conan O'Brien! I wanna put a baby in him. And Scarlet Johansen.
Gorgeous weather... time to get tanned!!!
What a great start to the week! #SMG is on the w/ David Letterman tonight and #Ringer's all NEW tomorrow at 9 on CW20!
Just because we got the ball back doesn't make it the right decision. 95 yards to go, less than 2 minutes. Chances we get a TD?
Congrats on the new baby!!!
T plush is the best, Fxck yeah brewers!!!!!
That's the only answer, really.
what a jerk! Hope your day gets better!
The rights of U.S. AUTHORS to foreign copyright royalties are enshrined in the Berne Convention to which the United States is a signatory.
What new movies are out worth going to see???...
Wow! What a great weekend! We hope you enjoyed Milwaukee Irish Fest as much as we did! Slainte!
I want a cookie dough ice cream sandwich! Lol.
Thanks! &def good company! ;)
the packets were sent to the mailing systems today!
almost got coke zero up my nose, that!
DONT MAKE ME THE BLAME FOR YOUR WEAKNESS. STOP BEING SCAREY & STAND UP TO YA GIRL FOR ONCE BITCH NIGGA!
white power?!
lol um hum that's what they all say! It wasn't my fault! U know u wanted them lips lol *spongebob face*
good morning mermaid fans... Happy St. Patrick's Day....
We're looking for new #clients. Will the next one be #oomf?
when will you be in chicago?!?
if you love justin please follow me I support him from his first song till his last song so please follow i donate 10 cents2pop
exactly. & there's the backward thinking of squashing music ed in the u.s. but expecting new music to be created.
This Titan scroll article on pot is hilarious!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District, Multi-Site, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position for the new year! Call me, Email…
My Chemical Romance forever!!!<3..Happy Birthday Gerard Way!!!=D
Damn! I totally forget to mention it Joe! My bad!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B! Enjoy the holiday & we'll be here for your shopping munchies! Friday & Sat 12pm-8pm, Sun 12pm-5pm
My surgeon says I should get my jaw re-opened in late April, early May, so let's all hang out then. Yay?
Personal development is your springboard to personal excellence.
your right....it was a flagrant foul
I want some baked cookies!(:
And i actually missed my twitter
Boom! The avengers was so badass. Hell yea.
Hoping we can use one of your great Tweets for our new video project. Message me please. Thanks
Getting the word from
It doesn't say the GOP is paying them, it says the Senate. I'd say the secrecy oath is malfeasance, but I am no lawyer.
Fine Rockford. Be 80 degrees next weekend. I will still crush your marathon.
Omg I'm so bored
Grand Opening of the Exhibits, happening NOW outside the Exhibit Hall! Exhibits will be open until 5:00pm today.
Recent transplant to LA, miss P Terry's on an hourly basis! What program are you in? Soc grad here!
...the IMPORTANT things i sacrifice my time for, like learning something.
Main/Home first
What a wonderful life Ive had! I only wish Id realized it sooner
I wish I was 5 again -.-
and FYI you still doing your radio work?
u rite I apologize ladies. Cus although I call u bitches I'm still proud of my sisters!
next time I have some I'll give you some! And FLAN! Oh man I want some flan.. Why? Because I do! Lol
The flu is going around. Make sure to drink your Vitamin C and keep some hand sanitizer on hand. You don't want to catch this awful stuff.
Yes he messed up big time
Im a xian, geographer, and have volunteered at LL. Would love to discuss IJM's web initiatives and web maps.
Kicking off Ivy Tech's remedial education redesign and grant in IN
how many wives shows are there?
Delta Apparel Reports Record First Quarter FY12 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
"no playoffs tonight. You're going home just like us." -dion phaneuf. Love the mics on the ice.
Don't forget to follow today an check out their website. W.projectreachworld.com.
Everybody check out She is such a cutie (Even if she is a Geelong supporter :P )
Stand back. I'm about to get up in der. cc/
I agree with this! Super importantRT : Tweeting enhances communication; it forces us to get to the point.
I guess hoes will always be hoes, but I couldn't blame tammy.
Send my prayers to Dan Wheldon's family his wife and kids and driver who will be truly missed
Pleasure seeing/meeting everyone at #slnsolsummit - commence long drive to upstate NY!
that's what road trips are about! The memories!
Good luck!! You're having a great season... keep it going!
is talking about Mirandas crash right now!!
Well. Let's get this blood bath out of the way! I say 5 minutes into the game and I start drinking...heavily.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. Gail Sheehy
Great! Can't wait to see you. We have some great sessions lined up!
Everyone is just jealous of me
I'm not in the mood
Estonian web archive Jaanus Kõuts, National Library of Estonia
I've never seen as many effortless wins for teams playing the , you can't win with that many walks and errors
Congrats to the #Winterhawks for their first-round playoff sweep!
M...fresh nectarines at .59/lb...I'm lovin' summer so far!
Looking forward to bring free & open source software into US government!!
all i really do is walk on the treadmill and use the eliptical for like an hour and it's not doing anything really + i get bored.. lol
I'm headed to West Palm Beach to show at Sunfest. If you are in the area stop by my booth. mention twitter and get a free print.
lmao!!!!! I swear I thought Gretchen said he like managed or something like that
when did you move to Boston?
Grant me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change, the courage to change the one I can, & the wisdom to know it's me. AuthorUnknown
WH chief of staff Daley says earlier presidential primaries causes polarization & makes it harder to get things done in DC
Interesting note implied that the OH school shooting wasn't a bullying issue. I wish someone would get their facts straight!
#LasVegas - today in 1964, the #Elvis movie "Viva Las Vegas" premiered
Watching "How to cut college costs" on … since I'm a recent grad and currently jobless, I'm glad I made choices to stay debt-free.
squirt is nasty lol
yeah into a house with a hot tub yo!
yay! it lives!
That sounds about right from Wiseau....
Oh shit, Sex just entered the twitter playing field (sorry for cussing)
did get fired ?! Oh yeah ya did LOL
good morning *waits for replies*
A relationship built entirely on physical pleasure has shallow roots
we're working on our thesis paper..........
HIT SQUAD STARTED ALL THAT AND KEBO GOTTI SHUD PUT ONE BTW HIS EYES...WAKA
true, twitter has been the primary traffic driver lately. Still, the RSS aggregators still seem to drive a decent amount.
Sorry Charlie, be safe on the road.
Can we get a big twitter welcome to Journal staff photographer Marla Brose!
You ever had one of those Late nights where you spend it thinking about them -->
I say the cutest things (':
thanks for the add ! how have you been?
what's the number? and do i call and have him here me sing or what?
hahaha good company is always important!! Thanks again!
Because I know I am. LOL
Good Morning! Sunshine is out, not very warm though, and we are open today for the holiday. Come visit us if you can!
The old 'number'. did you mean the old 'number'?
God, is a fucking lame ass fag. -_- why do I love him?
Our minds & thoughts are actually our worst enemy.
I begin my day w love in my heart, bc I AM love! How does you day begin?
I don't even want to think about that right now..
Hey Chris, Hope ALL!!!...is well with "THE ONE HUNDRED CLUB"...I know it means alot. BP
lol next time I see ya of course!
From : What do they know, who do not of cricket anything know? (via CLR James)
I am yo daddy. Wea u at
Guenther takes us on a brief tour of id. loc. gov
did u get a chance 2 check out the cd???
TRAFFIC: Spinout: WB Belt @ John Nolen - out of traffic
Load Tester PRO(TM) 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users - MarketWatch (press release)
lol im sorry man but that made me lmao while I was watching the game
More cool social peeps to follow
Hey MKE...at least the sun is shining :)
At Rutgers Univ Newark for the RU Pride Intolerance Forum. Listening in on convo about bullying in schools
Every "GOOD" girl has a freaky side
just wait to see how you feel at 3:30...good luck!
If you hang up on my face that's the last time you'll EVER talk to me. POINT BLANK
That V8 I had this morning...yea...
Going to quote 3 verses in the New World Translation to identify three controversies addressed by St. Basil in "On the Holy Spirit."
Image entertainment's pr team is handling screeners! Drop them a line!
Same here :) “: no prob! Always like seeing another fellow Christian succeed! :)”
do you have a name for that? :)
Nike stands by its product as the debate over whether #baseball bats caused #college power outage continues bizjournals.com/portland/morni…
No drop box, but interesting idea...For now, donations can be dropped off M-F from 9am-4:30pm
#IAlwaysWonderIf I look blitz
I hear ya my man!! Where's you laying your head down? I'm chillin iny N.Y. Come tear it up with me my boys in NY some time!
You obviously still like him if you talk to him still.
I really love the band The Head and The Heart :)
never goes on twitter anymore. :(
have an awesome day!
ok why not ha
Working the Adele show
now following back HI!!! ;p
Congrats to Thai's first female premier. #We run this World,,,,,GIRLS
1 week till baseball season.
At the wine exchange, checking out the fab greek food at mediterrano! Yelp review to come ;)
#MIXTAPE #1 is off to printers. Once they're finished we'll announce the new pub. date. #iBooks version drops next week and looks AMAZING!
Watching reruns of glee I love the comments the names they call others "chunks mcgrittle."
is HAPPY I LOVE
Angry citizen calls today are all mad cos their yards are flooded and they blame the city. Say whaa? Mine's flooded too. Sheesh.
In addition to the FOE and its cross-branding venture with NASCAR, The Iron Eagle will be working with Fueled by the Fallen.
So just told me that pretended to be on the phone with me. You got me this time, Alan ;]
yeah I'm doing the same shit
Hahahahahaha omg I'm dying lol I forgot about that lol
I'm hella about to catch some zzzzzs.
conversations with are always nice.
How are you? and your welcome
Drake is going in right now imagine if the album didn't leak
"Get out there & network! You never know who you're going to meet." so freaking true!!!!!
send a few #Clippers fans my way, my man! You rile them up in person, I'll take care of them on twitter!
Do you still need a #Bella for your family Cause i would love to take that Role
I love you so much. I can't wait for Paradise!
Fire your old teachers who said you couldn't make it in acting. Continuing to study with them won't help you book a job!
Finishing Lillian Ross' HERE BUT NOT HERE MY LIFE WITH WILLIAM SHAWN AND THE NEW YORKER and soon to begin THE FUN OF IT.
Haha and Carlos and James :) ♥ &&& its okayy!!!
oh my grande! Ur the sweetest and kindest ever! Ur a Minnie Ariana! I love u so much! AHH! Xo💗💗
The new MP Pixel-Micro will have over 23,000 individual brushstrokes and over 65 unique colors! A 48"x60" original dramatic statement!
That's depression, dude. Best-o-luck.
there's no way i'm getting this lab done.
A hello to the readers from Iraq...:)
whats the number to call the radio station??
Can't stop playing #fifasoccer on #psvita. I hate that game.
#FF and big #shoutout to my amazing friend --> follow her now she is so great u won't regret it!!
got a check list going there?
Hangin with amber today!
That, or I'm 100% of the reporters and anchors nightside...
Strauch is trying to get Bronson to admit her car was a deadly weapon. Bronson says no because she didn't intend it to be used that way.
ahahha it's barely morning over here :)
lol FUCK MAN .. Imma be in there all damn day
Cooking up mac-n-cheese for six kids. I've got three boys...who are these other kids? Having a great Summer! You?
Stab Blake
The pennant race is over. Time to play the kids....... Wait a minute, its only April.
DID I MISS IT
Yes, when all else fails, exercise more! That's my motto. :-)
REGARDLESS of weather your bio says u folow back, i STILL ask for a follow back! lots of times i havent askd and te person DIDNT follow back
Wow. The horse with the alcoholic name won. That's AWESOME.
- 'Hope all is well with you and fam! Update is when u can pls? :)
Let's go Blue Shirts send a message in the third period.
Root Sports is channel 687 on Directv What channel is "roots" on direct tv?
I am a bit disappointed with my time 4:48 (unofficial), but I am happy that I ran and finished the Marine Corps Marathon.
wearing sunglasses on a rainy day.... a clear sign of a hangover
Would it help if I told you that Friday seems to have started without a hitch?
Heading to audition for Army Wives on Lifetime....
Avengers was awesome. Ready for Free Comic Book Day tomorrow.
where the hoes at
I cannot sleep
I'm seeing Maps of Time: Data As Narrative at SXSW 2012.
I've been wanting to try that, how do you like it?
Looking for #Solaris #Unix #Administrators for full time roles in
It feels like rain is coming.
Every time I get a meatball sub from subway I burn my tongue.
What's going on #PDX? Have you hade your #BroadwayCab today? www.broadwaycab.com
That's the opener on "The Tour" I sent out last week.... pretty bad ass tune....
When did Norv become such a stats geek?
I do too; I lost my blue blazer when I was 21 and moved to NYC.
Good morning my friends
People always assume my black ass is African lol
lmfao u gay hell and awww
that deserves a big congrats!
"You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right." from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by G. Leidner
My TNT movie Hide re airs today @ noon & I'm getting a DVD as well.
The had 23 assists last night. Congrats to 4 the closest guess- enjoy your Zipcar waterbottle!
you're welcome! Thank you :)
Get it right if you're gonna call me out. Bananas are obviously a fruit, but they are also a berry
CountDown to Believe Album 48 Days 6Hours and 41 min , RT if u r excited!!!
Thank you, Erika!
I need a new boyfriend ;) ♥
I may have to go to the CWS!
To be the best, you have to believe you can be.
I count on my fingers in math class...I lie sometimes to hide the pain...
TGIF! Happy brewing :)
I always thought randy marsh was the secret weapon of but the real sleeper may be mr mackey (S15E3) "as, of course, is tradition"
thank you so much!!!
Good morning!
seriously? get over WWW. Its not that serious.
I'm proud that you used correct grammar lol but I'm always proud of you either way. Can't wait to hear it :) xx
Even though I did all the work.
Twitter work
always lol its hump day and i am going to
[Plurk] riajose shares love me, hate me... say what you want about me... ALL THE BOYS AND ALL THE GIRLS ARE BEGGING TO IF YOU SEEK..
Just married Kristine + Howie in the beautiful Crystal Springs Rhododendron Gardens. Congratulations Kristine + Howie!
my phone battery sucks. #ihateverizon I want an
Congrats to on winning this year's Distinguished Alumnae Award from Columbia Biz School and Columbia Women in Biz!
If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are. ~John W. Gardner
Ain't no thang young fella, if I didn't think you were capable you know I wouldn't be f_ckin' with you!!!
I don't have your number! So I can't, so get at me!
ugh, not too happy.
nice, I'll be getting the new Apple TV next week for sure.
and we Luv you man!
Tech services in an archive as possible profession? Or creating the user interface for the archival techs? Decision, decisions.
Walking on water and running on waves.
What a shot by Bubba Watson on the second playoff hole.
just drivong around
nice to c u last night!
Diet and Fitness
Random thought: who invented kissing? And do you think they were really bad at it the few times around?
An important tip from Pay attention to the metrics!
better late than never! And there was still beer!
volunteer !! It's hands down the best place to volunteer...you save lives!
really? i love them!
A Walk To Remember <3
he's sitting next to me and I feel inadequate
i am trying to learn flash. Do you have, or know of any good tutorials? preferably tutorials on aqw stuff
Thx & others - SO grateful for your support & enthusiasm!
Shhhh...it's still sleeping right now. ;)
His heart was stronger than a heavy metal bullet.
a different song every night, Possibility, Perfect Chemistry, My Dream, Unforgettable, Little Things, and Moment in Time...
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I'm not making the move first I tried already
RT : The main impact of Flipboard for medias? Social... and $60M
Tip #214: Husbands, pray over your wife (out loud) and speak words of love, gentleness, & encouragement to her.
On your written reco, I made the Wolfert cassoulet recipe. Only took 5 months (made my own confit & pancetta) worth the wait! thx!
"What is a miracle?"
Yuhh birthday night with
Choose to pick and package your thoughts, feelings, focus, beliefs and actions around the future you want, not the past you've had.
Very well said. Thank you for that. Spot on!
You in Vegas?
True interdisciplinary discussions prevail in #hcil BB. How to integrate AI elements (eg. NLP), social tech, + affective computing?
You kno what happened last time?.. ;)
Unlike my pal, I didn't get a sufficient base burn the other day. Going to rectify that in 2 hours.
[2/5] They are in their first 10 yrs out of law school and "early accomplishments indicate they will be tomorrow's top lawyers and leaders”
Work, physical, dance! Busy day. Next 5 people to follow me; ill help you get more followers!
I got such a long way to go, so I ride like the wind.
I was talking about green day's albums
When my moms asks me about misa<<
Still working hard on our site. Weve hit some snags setting up our webstore so were so sorry about the delay and thanks for your patience.
I love hot summer days. Straight from the pjs to your bathing suit.
#FF - Talented, hard working and inspiring!! You will love his tweets and his work!
OK, now how do I select multiple files and drag? I can select, but when I drag it starts re-selecting.
Cinnamon. Toast. Crunchin' :)
day light saving's is f***** up. Why does it have to get dark at 5:30?
Building a beautiful 2010 SP today with full 2010 Ultegra components. Such a hot looking bike. I think Shimano is onto something.
try Lincoln park!
Good Morning! It's my day off today so I won't be getting my 9-5 badge, but that's alright bc I need a day off. Happy
You guys, timeline & new gmail aren't that bad. Quit complaining and get back to the serious stuff: like this tummyache I have!!!
happy Wednesday!!!
All this talk about eggs and no one bothered making me breakfast?!?!? *bangs table*
: don't do that
did today go any better for you?!?!?
No he doesn't. Hard to be bullied if your the bully.
washing clothes then pack !!!
Good luck to #UMass Lacrosse as they take on Drexel in the CAA Championship game tonight. Go Minutemen!
Aint religious but just once....i am praying. C mon Newcastle, hang in there fellas
on designing sites in photoshop "Static mockups fail by definition" -> Solution: prototype in the browser.
you really make me wish i was in florida or closer but i dont know anyone that makes me feel this happy or special:))
Question: If you have love for someone but they could never feel it tell me if its any good?
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there!!
You can eliminate that gift with a Scentsy Scent Circle in the car.
yes I have surfed there a few times
Big volleyball game tonight: James River vs Cosby girls . Game at JRHS @ 7:00. Come out and see!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week!
today just doesn't feel like a good day.
yay! Thank you my love! Ps no new news yet. :/ hope to know something soon!
Recollection looks so easy and useful
I don't think some fans realize how important it is to have home court
what was the big announcement?
You ↗ You ↙ You → You ↓ You ↪ You ↫ You ↲ You ↯ You ↱ You ↶ and You ↴ Follow for THE BEST SAYINGS on TWITTER.
Will do!
I hate HR
oh, ok, so well it sounds like you'll be buzy, 2 jobs & school, oh and twitter I almost forgot... lol
What's the asking price?
I've been comatose since my run-in with on Monday. I think Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding has changed my life.
does she shake from withdrawl?
True story about Havel and Dylan in Prague, Czech Republic, 2003. Gorski told me NOLA.
We've got far too many hung juries and not enough hung defendants.
RT : A1Spending more time on tactical activities than up front planning
Why r we getting snow in march
thanks for following us!
Grilling with Denny Sherman
i wouldnt mind getting those i never own a pair and i need basketball shoes for school
Thinking bout whts finna go down in this kitchen when I get home
People are saying your gonna regret your decisions, and I think you are, Come see me now :) haha Next!
flew home to Miami to be with his wife on birth of their child, congratulations and safe delivery. Hurry back mate we need u.
Sometimes frustration is productive/critical part of learning process. Learning not always fun or comfy. how to balance?
Ugh why am I breaking out :(
ah, just how people fake religious faith, being trapped in a denomination, etc. I can't wait to get back to school +see you
um blanket is for the chills I will get as I read. Of course...
so whats the news???? U haven't told me yet!!!
Enjoying aasl, too busy to tweet, learning about e-books, meeting authors, vendors, seeing relatives I haven't seen in 15 years
nope not gonna happen sir!! lol
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Enjoyed "Hells Bells" by AC/DC on Pandora
congrats josh on your historic week, now stay in tx!
turkey chili its hot out but you cant stop a craving!
New on Washington in Mission Hills grand opening scheduled 3/29. Wine tasting fundraiser 3/28 for
If you're not familiar with the original, it's an old-school dungeon crawler in the style of the Wizardry series but with a JRPG aesthetic.
": Until we have better standards, morals and values... Better men and women won't be produced in this world."
Trying to get that swag, huh?
Another day to thank him for waking me up today.
cool, we played in hell. Pretty cool setup
i wish the old adage 'what happens in vegas stays in vegas' didnt apply and someone could fill me in as to what happened.. haha
It will, I promise love!!!
RT : Tweets are like water -- they will flow through any pipe you put them through
its a freaking saturday... im off for once and i aint doing shit!!! smh!
Hey you guys have spots for holiday blowouts and trims?? Who's in? The little jewel box salon is so cute!
awesome! Yeah, I went through that same thing. They sure don't make it easy! Now to figure out this new youtube/google sign in.
me too ugh!
My kid's first word will be A HREF.
That is Jennifer
I am stuck inside, in front of a computer on this beautiful day. Working on my Masters Thesis. It is hard but intelectually rewarding...
you should make an app for that
Bought to watch Navy knock out Air Force for the 7th straight year.
RT - MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS MY FAVORITE FOKTBALL TEAM ;) ALL I DO IS WIN
close!! Downtown LA! :P
SO C-C-COME ON. YOU GOT IT WRONG. TO PROVE IM RIGHT. I PUT IT IN A SONG
My twitter name is simple -
Oh, god, why do traveling salesmen have to be so earnest? I can't handle it.
Was up fam, you got a show the 23rd in sf? lets film something epic #followback #dm me i still got yo contact!
The worst thing is someone miserable not understanding what they don't have from what they do have!
RT : That did NOT make me want to play COD BO II. It made me want to donate to diplomatic think tnaks.
hahah love it. my gym teacher used to say "gee wilikers" a lot...and I definitely said it the other day...out loud. in public.
At some point you cross a line & the city is more for tourists than residents. MT More tourists than residents in Harlem today.
honestly, I wasn't planning to go to Newark before. Now I'm considering looking on StubHub for Game 4.
When all you need is that person <3
My heart just dropped.Friend of mine since middle school is getting married.he is an amazing guys and she is so happy !SEE LOVE IS REAL!
Happy Birthday late but well worth it. Happy Birthday
New York I'm leaving you in March
Wow E!s holiday party is absolutely beautiful. Love it!
So good to be home!
Yep Mujica is terrible
I see white people.......
The only instant messaging I do is with my middle finger. Everyone is #NEWtech dependant :(
I got football till 7
Agatha Christie's Poirot Season 1 Episode 10 has an incredibly instructive shot on how matte paintings can make your scene hot.
Cholo hangs his head in reverence.
MY #birthday is on MONDAY
Another Friday! You can find our yummy donuts @ Whip In, Wheatsville, and Austin Java City Hall!
Wonder what my girlfriend is doin welp finna turn my phone off n let it charge for a min
coat and demeanor down and I'm sure she would be smoking an extra long fancy cigarette if she could.
Who wants to be a darling and let me hold they Netflix account for my Xbox?
“: -____- ...... * introduces Kennedy to the back of my hand *” then soon after, meets her maker;)
Knicks vs Heat game is so dull, that Alicia Keys may have time to pen another song. Pick it up fellas, it's the NBA playoffs.
Looking for local baked goods to make Mom happy in #CLT for #Mother'sDay? Chck out the incredibly tasty baked goods today!
I'm thinking about asking for them for Christmas!
: I'll pray for you tonight!
#WhenIWas13 I thought I was the shit. Correction, I was the shit.
no worries, take your time ... I know you're busy!
#LNYHBT looks like BO's favored sex pref groups w/ a few extras tossed in. Don't give him ideas! ":
great to hear! Make sure to tell your friends about next week's show.
you was at drakes and you didn't bother to come in and say hi how rude lmao
thank you for the follow Nicholas!
#ImagineAustin asked: are u sure JBieber is not the one u like? U:of course Im sure bcuz ur my favorite man & my love FOREVER! I love u!
What time does come on?
head ass lol
Mikey and his body rolls ♥
No problem gorgeous! Xoxo!;) RT will be sending those pics in a bit...wifi was down yesterday
happy birthday to the best cousin
How I hate it when someone on twitter says something unintentionally dirty & I don't know them well enough to point it out.
Laying down reading "The Daily Adventures Of Mixerman" hilarious!!
I never know when he's joking or seriously talking?! Today he even asked to prom.. LOL
I love it when someone making bad things about me!
#Rocslogan Henrietta has a town conservation board? That is more suprising than the mighty taco they approved.
Who is that?.. its national geographic sir... I'm not a f****** bear. Haha
I need someone to call my ass at 7:30 A.M until I wake up :( because I'm scared I won't wake up. Someone? Anyone?
and Its annoying as hell when they repeatedly do so without raising their hands.
you've been doing some great Tweeting! We love it!
Spent part of the day updating my dbase of area churches. Over 650 Buffalo-Niagara churches in a list I've developed over the last 2 years
honestly don't even wanna go to prom...
Did the last score occur while Lundqvist was pulled? Or was he back in the net?
That way, you'll be a mile from them, and you'll have their shoes
 Double for Inge.
I do the same thing to my mom
Can anyone help me find a way to get government contracts financed?
9 days til my week at the beach! Counting down!
yes its a bloody with a ton of stuff on top. It was pretty good.
Aint no way around it
A study showed people have worse aim throwing darts at babies' pictures than at pictures of Hitler. I have so many wrong punchlines to this.
#wordoftheday I'm all agog to find out which of my favorite songs made the Top 500 Songs. -Thanks Michelle
Flying home through the tornadoes. Delay delay delay.
I'm taking the Celtics in 5....dem young boys the 76ers all
Right now, I will take coffee however I can get it.
don't forget today is World Autism day and wear blue to show Autism awareness!!!
Yeah, unfortunately I'll be there when Yankees are in town so not many tix left/more expensive than usual. Grabbed OF seats.
A late night dinner outing was just what I needed to relieve some of my stress.
Skinny jeans are everywhere!
I would die if follow me! But I know it will not happen! :(
Jay Mohr is the hater. Not JR. Leave our boy alone.
LOL.. will do!!
And I never hit you up, I ask domo before you now.
Developer Challenge session will take place on the mainstage at Spring Fling: Matchpoint Boston - 4pm! Don't miss out.
I know I was so happy for Jermaine he reminds me so much of you!! I really hope you get your back chk'd out
Georgia Governor signed the Sunday Alcohol Sales Bill Today! Now it's up to the local communities to decide...
of course.
Getting up for a student film in 3 hours. Good thing I love and so much! Haha
Well we will have a repeat Super bowl NYG vs NE
waiting to see if Brett Favre's Waffle House is still in business.
I'd like to run towards you & hug you until I knock you to the ground giggling. Thanks for reaching out last night. <3
Saw District 9, it successfully sucked me in and took me away. Would see it again.
theyr Amazing seen them in concert!! Like a dream come true haha. Since you like country check out
Second time through the order, hitters are starting to square Lynn up a bit better.
good morning. shower. oil change. carwash. work. scotch. sleep. sunday. san diego. audition. family. la. monday.
I was pulling a few shots of Tanzania Peaberry this morning... lively, juicy bright berry tones with a milk chocolaty smooth body. YUM.
Agree! RT : I like when defensive football is not 'bad' football.
. i read everything!! but as / will tell you i don't always see the video!!
I know babies are innocent, and precious. With that being said, every baby isn't cute, nor everything they do.
we've got a week of testing but seamless so far!
Excellent! Escaped the startup madness. Reclaiming my life in music! Missing everyone in Philly...
I almost don't want to check for them now... because I won't be able to stop seeing them.
How do I study 200 vocab words when only 20 will be on the test....
trey songz that dude hands down
My website and my bass guitar - once beautiful, now neglected and silent...I remind myself that the most important things will get done.
get over here then! I need to clean before comes here on friday!
house just woke up
is my fav
Sick set at MoJoes!
Oprah Winfrey~ Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath kick off your shoes and dance.
#ff y'all -- This will end well
welcomes follower They have a nice warmup app for us vocalists. Nice!
Great meeting with Audra of today! We look forward to working with you, to bring programs and services to those in need.
: frosted flakes and cocoa rice krispies
cinnamon toast crunch
Patiently waiting for Sundance to announce their competition lineup for 2012!
My mom was trying to throw up a gang sign today and ended up doing the rock and roll thing
Having lunch AGAIN!! Guess I should try sumthn new...Isle Spice Chicken??
Thank you both
I laughed. Big time.
Thanks! Let us know how we can help!
TWISTED TRIVIA: 33% of women admit that they've done this at least once, what is it?
email us at to run it by us - normally, we're pretty open!
Fuck imma miss them so much!
Yeah, I know. I guess I didn't understand what disturbed you. If 1 brings up the topic of sex 1 should expect any kind of answer.
Just created a new account for ! eep eep! :)
Looking for something to do
I'm stubborn, independent, and mouthy but I'm honest trustworthy and very witty!
It is Tuesday Tips Time! Get a Box of Rib Tips, Large Fry, and a 2 Liter of Soda for $13.99. Rest assured, you will not go away hungry!
sent ya a workout track.
I don't know about u but this has to happen
I know you have, sir. And congrats, btw
Get a life bitch!
So much going on at the offices today! Working through some design options with the team today. Getting very excited about the launch!
Candlelight Christmas service. My favorite. Love this time of year.
Absolutely LOVE your truck!! You arent so bad either! :)
please follow me?
That is the wildest thing I've ever seen.
We're looking into getting some promotional-type pictures taken. Who should we go to?!
RT WALKTHROUGH: This App Turns Instagram Into Text Messaging Service
The hardcore way to eat ramen noodles: 1. Boil water 2. Eat block of ramen 3. Drink boiled water 4. Snort flavored powder 5. Fuck Bitches
If you haven't already gone, visit the Smithsonian American History Museum and the Library of Congress!
Sounds good to me!
The U.S. is the only country that has, since 1985, had a healthy population increase, giving us a very positive outlook for our future!
you unfollowed me and I unfollowed you....have a bless day....
Nice words thanksfor the info
We're trying to work our way back. LOL
thanks jr! Rather go down swinging- go crew
We are so sorry we weren't able to prepare your croissants! Did you have a good day though?
#dh11 Q: What can funders do to encourage institutional support for staff heading grants?
Don't let the rain keep you away! We're excited for tonight's show w/ & - we'll have tix at the door - join us?
never heard of it
deltona is SOFT !
Today St Luke Baptist Church is the place to be 6:30pm 103 morningside ave in harlem NYC
Oh my Luke! :O
we can agree to disagree for now? I look forward to your link. You can DM me. Perhaps we can talk more later. Peace!
THANK GOD!! RT : “: Wow for a second I thought it was only Tuesday!! #HappyHumpDay everyone” it's Wednesday :)
": #Fahrenheit food truck tomorrow East. 9th #local #chef #loves #CLE ..found out where the food truck will be!
you lying
i dunno about google music but is the greatest music program i have ever experienced. EVER.
but I'm also taking some classes to further my IT credentials.
A woman should know how to please herself.......sexually
thank YOU for being here!
tweeting from the toilet --------> busted -------> “: God bless toilets. Burritos you a cold food.”
super depressed.
Co-workers: It's really quite unnecessary to leave a 54 second VM, when I'm just going to delete it without listening.
Driving with is my favorite. Seriously! She's the best. Gonna miss hanging with you!!! Stay in school! K. That's all I got! :)
Logan Henderson + Dubstep = Sex
Tweet me a pic if you can... I'm in the car driving right now
In other news, Time breaks record for magazine copies sold.
RITE.., #SLURPEE IT IS... GOTTA LOOK OUT 4DA HOMIE... U KIDDIN ME?
Dear blizzard, please hold off until *after* my #archives class this evening!
we're pretty good.
It was nice meeting you today at ! Welcome back to Tokyo and hope you enjoy Friday night in Shibuya!!
One Call () on Twitter
I'm just upset to miss getting all the dudes together
don't say those other things on here! Lmfaooo!
Bright fun lips or Dark bold lips?
Everything I want, Everything I hope in, Everything my heart cries out for!
Had a site visit at your alma mater last week. Exciting things to come with stadium renovations. Love the jerseys tn
Watching the Sox game on TV. Daisuke isn't even putting in the effort to get these guys out. Finally pulled him out after 7 ER.
Hm....ever read The Executioner's Song? Might take a year but quite good.
Just watched your gorgeous on & they're fantastic! #HappyMothersDay to their Mom!
Google docs is the bizness! Google, knows me too well...
. Tea Party phenomenon - fueled by resentment of skill-based meritocracy, which is an inequality problem
“: When you talk to that person who will understand you no matter what you do.. venting has a whole new meaning.”
not enough monitors
have a great time:) miss ya!
Thanks girl - i have a new "book" out if you are interested...
Just a little over two weeks left on the bikini challenge! Lift heavy, push your cardio, get in all your workouts and eat clean!!!
Writing, writing, writing. Make sure to write the right thing.
Hard boiled eggs on salads 👌
Omg is gonna be an X Factor judge!
Working until midnight in LA, I can only see 1 or 2 neighbor's lights. But in Manhattan, depressing to only see 2 or 3 apts. All asleep?
not so much a lie as okay it was a lie but you still have my number and my main squeeze does not check my phone.
Results! & then excuses on why im not getting them RT : Food for thought: What are you focusing on today - excuses or results?
I skipped school 2day. Getting away from bully. Feels great
I love it!!
thank you I hope you enjoy my pics
I've never made anything more than a scarf. You're the expert on knitting :)
Alrighty - we've got you listed! :)
Made it out alive! Hopefully with everything I needed...
took your advice and went to the show. Enjoyable! Will definitely go out of my way to see them again
Good lord, that is abysmal. It overshadows the story.
Wow today was a popular day to be born in 1981 and 1982! #HappyBirthday friends!
Is this real? There's no way this can be real? I'm balling.
Star Trek, X-Files, Doctor Who and more. 8 years and running, another great Phauxcon is in the books! looking forward to 2012. join us!
cute :P
Someone plz tell me how some h&m sunglasses got in my purse
Maybe he should check with #Tiger on his pain in the neck?
please Rose, don't let go :(
happy superbowl! ... I mean, birthday!
oh man that's horrible. I'm sorry.
My BF is an #aerialist. That's just really awesome.
Defiance. Nothing better defines that than a hungry raccoon. Ever tried to scare one away? Not going to happen. Pursue dreams like a raccoon
me too! It's better than Disney
Anybody heard of Tutor Apartments in NYC? Just found my Grandparents lease contract from 1936: Floor 18 - 1yr at $72/month. 500sq.f.
Its gotta be you. <3
You have a twitter!! Good to hear you're back safe and sound, miss you too!!!
All of my grimm feels
So delicious! :D
It's entertaining when someone tries to insult you and only ends up looking foolish. Some people are so hateful.
Sometimes i am Rt #Aquarius people are private people."
Bonfire. Beer. Country music. Now all we need is summer
its green outside O_o
I'm looking forward to Thursday evening!
anytime! Thanks for the shout out! =)
Congrats to every single person who was ever involved in #DesperateHousewives. 8 years--how many is that in Hollywood years?
Lax banquet!! 😃
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. ~ Peter T. Mcintyre
Valerie, i'll never meet :'c
worst moment of my basketball spectating career. Dang Derek and his perfect lefty shot
drove a different way to work this morning. Just because.
hahah I texted him but he didn't text me back. he's probably just mad that I was ignoring him after school...give it a few hrss
No, he didn't. You're good.
How have you been lately Jenna?! :D
Great tip! RT : Take an hour out of your day to schedule a week's worth of your #nonprofit's tweets
another crutch word I have is groovy in more informal settings and I've been getting made fun for that!
Make a request for tomorrow's Music video of the day, or MojoTV clip! & Submit a funny/crazy picture for the Pic of the day in Mojo's World
If GOD wants to accomplish something in your life HE will.. But will you get out of the way and let him??
Independent Massage Therapists often work our of their homes, to keep their overhead low, which they pass on to their clients in a lower fee
Oh Hey! Nice to see u on Twitter :)
I now remember why I stopped scheduling 8am classes.
