And it's amazing!
sorry to get back to you so late bro dope track fam real talk let me know when you need a singer
#thatawkwardmomentwhen My grid is beating my dad's in #marchmadness, but my mom is in first place in the whole competition
I'm so feeling you ma!!!
Tensai could be a winner tonight, but there's also ADR, Miz and Jericho to think about.
“: My sister is gonna live off my dad for the rest of her lifee lmaoooo” oh I'm tellin
A real leader faces the music, even when he doesn't like the tune.
Don't Miss - Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale March 14 at 11:00am at Castle Clinton.
Signed up to walk in Walking for Joyce Ericson & Treva Hicks! WHO ARE YOU walking for? www.1065.com
Maydays tour dates making me want to commit
Cheerios for dinner & revision time in the beanbag tonight. It's going to be a schnazzy evening!
“ “ You are what you eat? Well that's awkward because you're a dick.””
aaawww i hope you feel better!!<3
Today's tours include 2 foodie walking tours, a Gay LA history lesson and the the celebrity scandal tour that has EVERYONE squawking.
we do a food and wine show and a home and garden show in Houston. Would you like some information?
Tune in to us now if you don't want overkill on the Casey jury selection. is proud of her station for not "losing it"..yet
They make my panties wet.
We'll be opening today at 1pm. We're getting some items ready for a big catering event tonight.
: Algorithms that govern editing of numbered and bulleted lists need improvement. Many anomalies occur during editing.
Highlight of my day: my boyfriend yelling GET SOME! at the brady bunch movie with Marsha kisses Charlie.
I hate when I dont know hpw another person feels..
baby all I do is bite into Popsicles. Sucking on them is for teh gayz
I guess that's why we couldn't stand eachother when we first got pregnant...
Nap countdown begins NOW
This time one week ago the #BBN was in the process of sending them cardinals home on the way to a national championship!!
Why does Sara run the water in the bathroom and she's not in the shower?
but 4 years ago, I used the same brand of hair and went swimming and things were fine. I'm convince the quality is falling
Just followed x because theirs beats on 's #Neptune are Dope. That is all.
. Cannot avoid constraint. Interesting question is whether our reductions, our distortions (our data models) are interesting
Chilling watching this lame ass movie
Boyfriend on the radio! :D <3333
Pretty sure I can beat Nick Johnson in a foot race w/ a cigarette hanging out my mouth.
Phone tag kind of day??
It's useful, bad in some good ways, e.g., for revealing contradictory views of gamespaces.
Yeah, great, they also hit .302/.362/.469 off of him.
seriously you're amazing & dedicated fan. I'm a fan of the Boyz & you. If you ever meed someone to talk to im here (:
I am glad the IC's feelings cannot be hurt! They're very pretty wall hangings but I've done batik myself, so u gotta trust me!
take it. RT “: WRONG GUY TO SEND THIS TO - just got a spam email saying I've been left a huge $$$ gift from "Martin Van Buren"”
Wondering about dreamy and his oddly silly cut-off shorts. :)
STL and MIL advance to the NLCS. TEX and DET advance to the ALCS. The ALCS starts tomorrow at 8pm EST.
Oh man. Tonight's Top Gear 👌 So funny
My dad could give us a historical lesson down the shore *facepalm*
What's good peeps. RGN is looking for some GFX if intrested msg back
Thanks! Thanks for celebrating!!!
photoshoot in the a.m.!!! bright n early!!! 7 am i will see you soon!...hittin the sheets early tonight!
Fuck! Baby jesus! Xenu! Princess Di! One fucking hour. One hour where I'm not in total writhing agony. Then we'll go from there, deal?
Nice list of reports offered in JISC usage statistics portal..wd like to see what "compare deals" looks like
I thought you ate ketchup with everything haha
hey jillian!!! i missed u
Only fuck with my niggas.. I pray we are living so lavish..
I'm replacing the soothing sounds of waterfalls on my radio with a replay of the Texas race
me siguen?? :D
did ya'll catch them sniping about Palin's absence? tee hee
#she ratchet
Just setting up on twiiter, follow us if interests are vinyl 1900's-present. Hugh mp3 collection available, doo-wop, Blues, etc
alright man, what ever floats your boat. Lol!
Thank you! I appreciate your trust.
Tip #144: Stop, drop, and think. Take 10+ seconds online by keeping your hands off the mouse/keyboard. Live...take 30+ seconds.
welcome to twitter! you're the coolest cat in Hollywood brotha, keep up the good work
I play a bit of guitar... but mainly produce other artists. What part of Florida do your friends live in?
i hate west coast so much sigh
We're off and running with today's #SocialWebinar....join in the conversation!
8o RT will our planted mole come through tonight?
even though I hated the flyers growing up I always thought the world of Hextall. Such a bad ass. I feel for you guys w/ bryz
- A day will come when people say: put $ 4 EDU but where's the WOW? Time's running out. we can help you.
Will Phil see his shadow in 2 days??
r y'all goin to the warp tour
I think the whole #belieber family would R.I.P.
gota find Some more gigs, some new connects. My last two shows have been cancelled. People are gunna stop commin out if it don't go down!
If anyone has any pictures from Rock N Rods we want to see them!
Working overnight tonight..might have to make a late night trip to Krogers...they always have the weirdest ppl in there at night lol
We love to make people #smile, makes us feel #good. :D
Dancing around to instead of doing my science homework 😜 just got a bit carried away 😉💗
boo ya!
thanks man!
Burns sf adds a run for the 10th of the game for FIU.
please follow me? It would mean the world!
no more Judith?
Oh man, I crack myself up.
I want you to know that i love the third word in this sentence. ;)
Whats good tonight on Twitter
And Julie just said that because Suzzy called her out XD
you better go to sleep, oh wait you can stay up all nite cuz tomorrow u ain't doin shit
Landmark #sandiego bay cleanup order not quite done; regulators go into closed session to hash it out. plan to resume at 2pm
Almost an hour later and I still haven't peed 🚽
you're welcome :)
I'm seriously considering it. Which is totally bizarre for me.
I think the distinction between interveillance and surveillance is a key distinction and its great that you brought it
Damn hiphop weekly mag really??? Tyga what happened?? U ran up on some real G'S from Nebraska and get ya lil tour bus shot up??? How square!
Lol, well I feel special.
been drinkin a little bit
Going on at 11 with Sonidero (aka y yo) at Greenroom in Flagstaff,
Today's lesson: Can't dance to iTunes music with iPhone in hand. I shake, it shuffles.
I was off for a few days. Back now!
Can't wait!
4 Freshmen & 5 Trombones was killer last nite. Everybody was knocked out.
I'll email it to you. Friedel liked him!“:Sis,what is the name of the Agent that showed property to you in ATL?”
I really Don't Want to Let Go but if it Comes to That I Guess I Will Have To.
Austin's smile ✔ Austin's voice ✔ Austin's hair ✔ Austin's personality ✔ Austin's eyes ✔ Austin's lips ✔ Austin's everything ✔ He's flawless
How often do you get to see Harry and the boys? :) xx
awesome I like how all the episodes r different with all the different podcast u go one. It's hilarious what u say sometimes
Are you approved? :)
Really have the urge to play basketball!
Dangerous road conditions out there this morning -- Be careful #Indy!
We always wondered why she was asleep on the couch when we came home that afternoon. Hangover! HaHa!
Yay! That always feels so good.
Just got off the phone with Movember HQ! Big things coming this year for Baltimore's Movember chapter!
This weekend hd a powerful conversation with my Bio sister Stephania Shine, the Holy Spirit spoke 2 words thru her "MOVE FORWARD "#it'son!
Brewers can they score some runs now?
Revis Island: Where WR fantasy stats go to die :)
DONNA LYNNE -TONIGHT- ARIZONA CHARLIE'S - DECATUR BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV -9:00 pm to 2:30 am Stop in if you get a chance!
1 of the prostitutes that hang out at central and ash just got busted. So sad.
If you want my future, forget my past 🎶🎶
We agree Mobile has a higher open rate than email and direct mail!
Except when you steal it, you good for nothing thief.
Can't get enough of slow jamming the news. you scored big time. Be proud.
I'm be angry birds weeepppaaaa wbu ?
follow back?x
If u see this follow me that means im following you
I consult people on how to talk to media assholes like me. Rule#1-Don't try to be funny. Rule#2-We don't like you. We love only ourselves
with nothing but my shirt on? Good thing its warm in my house!
Was hoping for the Falcons over the Giants. Definitely, Steelers over the Broncos.
Thx! It is getting brighter out! Might have to at outta bed for an hr.. Lol : Sending sunny wishes your way
This game ain't over yet
At #netimpact? Come watch our panel tomorrow, Saturday! "Revolutionizing the Way People Volunteer" -- R0420 at 12:30pm with
Brooklyn here and we got love for you always XOXO
I can relate to #TeenWolf cuz plays a werewolf who is very vicious & I'm a dog who TRIES to act vicious lol...RT or follow???
What is clientology? Check out latest blog entry to find out
what's up maestro...how the goodlife treating ya bro...: )
Got some good website tweakage in today. Things are really starting to shape up!
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
I wish I was one of the 649 lucky people you follow. it would honestly make me so happy. make it happen? :D
u should run w rue la la
New Twitter account will originate Echo Beach Band tweets, starting now. This account stays as my personal Twitter.
meanwhile, harvard put up a strong 23 points in the first half against vanderbilt
That's why I asked what you were doing... BUT YOU WERE BUSY!
I'm bout to text all the girls that I think are pregnant right now and dont know it!! "Happy Mothers Day"
sooner than soon
That's because you sent that Friday feeling over to me.
Who is Hopkins#4. love that kid.
on the computer
- R U just annoyed at media 4 covering Lindsey all the time? Did NBC have Julia on pre-olympic promos? U R '06 gold
Depends on the minute. Sanchez, Schottenheimer, receivers, etc. But as a fan-the parts just aren't holding together too well.
oh yes. You are so right on that.
if Donnie Mack says it, it's official
Then buck up and write a check. It strikes me as hypocritical that you want me to write a check without investing yourself
Totally disappointed with during this week's stay in Los Angeles. Never ever again.
Great minds think alike. #SoftballSwag 😍❤👍⚾
Feeling sorry for our dog today. She loves running around in the back yard, but hates going out in the rain...she's a little stir crazy.
When auditioning, what skills/qualities will make a difference, will make the actor stand out, will make you fall for him?
by applauding the ones who listen we make a point to those who don't.Complaining about your rep listening is dumb
winter is coming
The filibuster has blocked most legislation proposed by Obama since Senator Brown took office.
I have a rip (legit, MY copy) of My Neighbor Totoro on the BlackBerry for my kiddo. Troma/Fox dub. Prefer it to Disney's. となりのトトロ
Can anyone give me feedback as to how well the BMW X5 4.4 does on gas??
Durant just almost knocked out harden haha
#Nuggets win over #Thunder 106-101
#Android users got it last week, now it's #iPhone users time! The new update is here to make your #Bartab experience even better! DL it now!
But I have now also been a host-mom for one year and I hope I did a good job ;-) I can tell ya, it's sometimes harder than...
make-up, weave, fake nails, eye lashes, booty pop, wonder bras, spanx... DECEPTION all over
I do not pretend to speak for you, but I want to support you.
God morning! Birds are chirping, raindrops falling, skies are mottled gray...there's something very poetic about this Friday!
U ever wonder about who else she talks to.
You're welcome & hey, thanks for recommending follow :)
Hey #camera types -can I carry on a tripod or do airlines typically make one check them? It's a medium-duty in a soft case. ?
and now I'm feeling like Im gonna fucking puke. Brain! Stop with the fucking crying! please..
shirtless in a mash tun?? How the hell did I miss this?
Ok, fans, anyone out there know how to start a blog?
My feminine side is lesbian
RT Watching Sanford FL city council mtg. Sharpton, Jackson, etc all speaking, getting crowd all worked up. >aka telling the truth
haha, i love you for getting it!
What are your plans for June 25th? Be at the #USC Bovard Auditorium for my Album Release & Benefit Concert for #Egypt! Free
An anonymous Jets player has said that he wanted Peyton in NY...can you imagine if it was Mark Sanchez...
Tweet us your favorite venue/city that you'd like to see Death of an Era in this year. We're looking for new places to book.
“: Thank goodness it's raining #holyhangover GO CATS” I literally can't move
Dirty man
After yesterday's loss to the Athletics, the Brewers are 18-3 and still in first place in the AL East.
Rotary Foundation made a donation to the Rotary Polio Foundation, in the name of Captain Malfitano
I Feel Accomplished!
Happy NFL Draft day everyone!
i should be asleep but i have a friend who just gave me the best talk ever and made me feel better
how does it feel to be known as a slut?!
#tminus nine and a half hours to completion.
Trying to sleep face down while your dick is hard <<<<<<<<<<
There is nothing more fun and self-fulfilling then to be able to play the piano and entertain the people around you. (cont.)
thanks Mark! hope all is well :)
and thats a shot on goal... wow
Post OS X Lion install: Mail App is now awesome, it's everything it should have always been, it's usable + a great UI / UX.
voted best airport in the country.
It smells like sweaty asshole on my bus .
#AlexandriaVa City Council to consider Beauregard Plan at 5/12 public hearing at 9:30 AM in Council Chambers.
Love my Silk Press.......... Eddie Celebrity Hair stylist.......404.454.1494
Colleague just called me out. She caught me trying to use the wall to pop my shoulder.
Well, everyone is Northwest of somewhere :)
I dont want the Patriots to win i want Tom Brady to win.
Walking a closed Broadway from 50th to Herald - still not used to this! Can't do without not looking over my shoulder for traffic
thanks for the Tweet shout-out! We and appreciate it!
Good morning everyone. Icreon is a premium sponsor
it was supposed to be dark brown but it turned out to be more of a reddish brown.. I kinda like it though :)
Fantastic! I'll be having my POG and a meal next month then. :)
for sure! Very different with all due respect as we say in NYC <g>.
You are are only true Loyal sports figure in ohio.Thank you and we are so lucky to have you
That was a beautiful pass and play
Why is there a ForEach extension for List<T> but not for IList<T>? Have I complained about this before?
"#Zombies are what we make of them!"
Dirk deserves a championship
I'll see if I can convince Jessica to throw fire or dance :)
Goodnight!! Had a great day!!! :) time for bed!!!
#Sexy, to me, doesn't have anything to do with beautiful . . . do you agree?
Love it! “: "The more time you spend alone with God, the better you get along with other people." #quotetoliveby #in”
I hope so! Sometimes it's questions about how to use it though, oops. Also, I thought I *was* following you...
WRITE TO ELLEN!
I just clicked your pu**y cat...and I think I need to call my therapist.
at least it was not Konz :)
Just 3 miles in on the bike during my 15 minute break. Not gonna give up this time around.
a day without dealing with stupid people is like......never mind, i'll let you know if it ever happens
picky pick pick!
she already know wat im on
my sister is in first grade and shes trying to correct me girl
UC system too expensive to party lol
Just bought some sickening red hair. Who says drags have to have "normal" hair
#BestBandInTheWorld duh! of course it's :)
Like if she doesn't give a fuck about her work, that's cool. She'll get fired but that's a reflection of me.
Juwan Howard in the league still
wish you were at this current session - "harvesting the future web"
Turn the tap off when you are brushing your teeth or washing the dishes. It will save up to 2.5 gallons of water per minute!
Can you guys please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !? That song is sick!
But Odysseus Withstood Circe's morphing wiles And the Siren's songs
at the bar and looking
:) RT. What u think about is wht u become! Thnk positive!
#NeverShouldYouEver stay in a relationship of you're going to act single.
RT : Stayed in the car just to hear "if this world were mine" by Luther Vandross #classic #TheWood 👈👈👈👈 thats the shit
“: no..Fig newtons don't have baby pigs in them..you worry me girl ;)” Excuse me , sir !
Email needs a pause button, still can't catch up after after
so pop music has reached a point where it is impossible to re-create, in live performance, the "perfection" of studio vocal tracks
God, girls'd be the best if they weren't the worst.
I Love Sports Man ! I Ain't Even Gotta Get Paid For It But When I Do Imma Get My Family And Put Em On Top Wit Me !
That said, this is sth I really hope the annual meeting cmte seriously considers (1/2)
I CAN'T TAKE DUDE SERIOUS FLUEY SKIE!!
no doubt, and their testimony was so damn good.
dog poop in the house is a more pressing concern, I guess. Fire is a block away, we can see from our roof, it's big.
Curious if any of the student protesters at Penn State have read the Grand Jury report? Terrifying, sick information.
definitely. Midnight Meat Train was also awesome. :)
#Follow my #SocialMediaInTheD peeps!
so far, so good...and the new show was great!!
At this posh gala with ! Talk about fancy!
I know :( I was at work&he called me. What happened do you know? I thought he already been to court?&I saw him today at school
Mike are you performing in Milwaukee anytime soon. Caught you in MKE last year or so and would love to see another show
idk how cute you are if you steady blowing up my phone 24/7 that sh*t is a TURNOFF!! give me some space!!
Even though this brain freeze is horrendous, I continue to eat the ice cream. Which speaks volumes to my will, determination, and stupidity.
Wacha' doin' Granpop? Back to consulting at Dunbar High School after 10 days in Cuba.
B2b social I'm there MT “: I also spy and now bad boy at the Dell #SMaC event.”
No biggie! Btw, how long did you stay in Florida? :-)
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster. What would you have? 2 ft. of my cock in your ass.
Real Hip Hop All day!!!Antahlyzah
If you assumed you knew nothing about your #customer, what new things would you learn?
Journey's show store is having a free BBQ, conerts and signings in 12 different cities! Go to their website to check it out!!
« #Sagittarius love to be kissed on their favorite spot ♥»
Love you!
oh wow. It always cold here. Winters are the worst here
Happy Mothers Day to all the #FFS #Moms ,#Nurses Who are working today. Hope your hard work never goes unnoticed, especially today !
Who is this Marvin and why is he always so hungry?
I didn't know college people were so good at picking out people with problems
Get off my line man !
Mercury- you are causing such a scene.
Really hungry, but don't know what to eat. Restraining myself from going to bdubs.
haha I got you! What do you think of new Nelly Furtado?
Hope everyone's commute went smoothly this morning!
Terrified of job interviews? Don't be! Let us show you the way at our mock interview workshop March 15. Contact us for info.
You're welcome for RT, read that article #with coffee and a smile.
not sure if this is the correct use, but h/t to for some excellent social media training.
i just wanna go back home and be happy again
Nothing like talking baseball with my homie behind the counter at the corner store. Go giants!
Here here! - “: Think global, drink global, but SUPPORT local. You never know what hidden gems you may find in your own backyard.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!106
I know she hurst people's feelings... Lol
At the wind up space until power comes back on. Should only be another 30 mins.
Exporting the next video blog for #PhillyDrawAThon, look for it later on our tumblr.
I totally submitted mine. Just need your good juju so that at least one gets chosen this year.
Legit just seen a girl on top of her man while driving pounding him in a mustang .
09 Joseph Phelps Eisrébe. Commercially frozen "ice #wine". Lemony bouquet. Thick, very sweet, pear, lemon, more. Long finish. 90 pts
Yay momma is getting me an early bday present!
How's Universal going?
Less value derived from POSTING them via the interface - at least that's been my experience. In defense of friction...
All man......But,happy you got better......143 a smiley with a wink...o
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
so much to do today! Not home til 8.30. monologues, pedi,busy bee. Don't be depressed, I'm in bed waiting for you
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt with the heart.
Battleship is a very good movie. If you enjoyed transformers then you will like this movie!!!!
I say that badboy to new hampshire and scare off some of them
Thank you, Jeffrey. And a moment for my mantra: #Giving is good for your health!
mine would be Beautiful Freaks :)
Just started reading 's "Shark's Fin and Sichuan Pepper"
Girl With A Dragon Tattoo it was. Pretty good movie.
maybe next time then!lml & me too its on TBS.
we're biased because we believe in it. I felt his was a thoughtful response to what seemed a rant.
Yup! Everyone won't present tomorrow, but everyone needs to be ready. You can be sure to go tomorrow, since you have supplies.
My neighbor used to get permission to keep bike overnight when #dockblock was more common. Very low imputed speed.
well, for a year. Then, I dunno! Depends on job market, etc.
The mountain is high? Aren't all of them? For now, having hot tea to cool off in the heat, and some lunch. Boat leaves in another hour.
“: the chronicles of narnia is better series than harry potter real talk” A Series Of Unfortunate Events was my shit.
Drinking a Dr.Pepper and watching Ellen. Life is great.😊
Don't you mean the best "mom"I got?
Sunday Morning to soothe me before bed. ❤😍
Whenever anxious about $$-multiply by giving!!!
big sunglasses are the best.
your knife, my back. My gun, your head.
That smile makes my day.
Have a 1958 Bobst 1080 for sale! Great runner! www.BRAUSSE.com or 888-BRAUSSE for more info
One day you'll find someone who loves you as much as you love them
she already did (:
just like you wash your Chin - Charlie
lol they should be more concerned about facing up to life in the championship! Blackburn going down!
Yep, couldn't get enough of the South.
how did you do??
wow - yet another beautiful Spring day! sweet!
We will be at The Machine Shop for Janus 2nite...find our photographer for a special GIFT!
Too funny :-)
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand.
I curse the distance because it's the only thing keeping us apart
First voice lesson went amazing, can't wait 'til next Wednesday!!Ahh! so excited for piano :)
what is twitter?
OMG I JUST WON THE BIG 5.50!!!!! I must be the best.
I look at some people I grew up with and smh cause they look OLD lol ...
The Empire has struck back
Going to IYG. Even though its almost 7.
your pic is still an egg :p
So this is bye for now.I actually have an audition today(: Ill miss you for a week!): Bye!
both!! Helps because the artists has access to millions of ppl. hurts cause the market is now flooded!!
Sorry! What is the issue you are having with the order?
Q2 Are you willing to work with LGBT orgs to develop community center for LGBTQ youth.
So you think you can dance ... ♥
This series is gonna be interesting, 2 great teams.
I sent you a message it's a link which is spam!! I will copy and paste it!! that is how you are spamming!!
Neither ..... Both Are Equally
A white girl with a black girl body and ass and great hair <<<<<<<<
Well, still haven't written any more on my paper. Might just take some notes and call it a night. Wake up with a clear mind to start again.
What did Bret Munsey say to the Preds before this one? RT : The Predators have a 41-17 lead at the half.
is very busy..If you'd like to book time for April/May/June send an email to *Demos, EPs, LPs!
Pack it up! RT : finished up recording keys today at blackwatch!
lol. that's why i'm never having kids haha
until when?
Love doesn't hurt. It's the one you choose to love that's hurting you
go to door 74 in Amsterdam, great cocktails (say hi to Timo Janse). Haven't been to rotterdam or Barcelona though.
If YOU are stressed about it, I honestly dont know how Im going to make it. I guess Ill enjoy life while I can.
legit tweeter? haha naaahhh. how long will you be in town for graduation?!?!? can't wait!
You too!
The Bad news for #Canucks fans is they're are down 0-3...the Good news is they'll get swept while in LA
Wearing out my last channel button
haha that's funny i just found that last night UH-freakin-may-zing :D
Rubrights 885 West mifflin. Sand or soda blast. Long time good friend. It's the closest I can get you.
"The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library."~Albert Einstein
That test was a lil too easy.......I probably failed -_-
Happy Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day! What are you doing to celebrate and commemorate his legacy?
Yep, but then again they can keep Novak to play Power Forward as well. I know they had him do that a few times this past season.
nobody else is, and I don't wanna fo cause of those...girls.
This is not a test.... Go to the Beer Garden now!!! Tonight will be jumping.
Bruins' Wideman back on the ice
Green apparel? Check. ID? Check. Safe way to get back home? Check.
Smith &amp; Nephew launches revolutionary open-architecture suture anchor for rotator cuff repair with greater pullout ...
Happy Birthday Embry Lotus!
The urge to pee multiples by a million when you're desperately trying to unlock your front door.
Im hungry
you see your boy t mitchell from alabama was granted his release , where to next
haha I'll be in UK for Olympics r u there then? Clubs are in my garage come down and visit pick them up.
My 1st graders write their planet research on paper. After I check for accuracy they type it on their IPad.
We just accessioned a very important contemporary #NativeAmerican artwork -more info tomorrow. Wowie-zowie.
Great commercial from Clint Eastwood. Who is Chrysler's ad agency?
Going up the steps with and she tripped and fell...laughed for about 5 mins...
Coffee, whiskey, sushi, and the residual inspiration of great conversations with friends from throughout the week... I'm ready to write...
Truth! “: is my fam for life... Always reppin big blue hockey..”
And that's a wrap folks! The #sxsw #gesture panel is over. (FYI, that was ) live-tweeting it.
Trivia, Burgers and Craft Beer tonight!
Sign him up! RT : For the first time in my life, I think it would be fun to be a developer. #chimobile great topic tonight!
So sad to hear about Junior Seau... gotta respect great players and he was one.
Not done with my science packet and I still have a math packet but I'm proud of myself for getting so much done.A ROUND OF APPLAUSE FOR ME!!
This year's bobcats are the worst team in NBA history.
Please welcome as an official BarTweet Bar Reviewer giving you Real Time bar reviews for !
love trunk
Ladies is pimps too! Do any cool shoots lately?
i ordered chachimomma pants and its been almost a month since i ordered them
Happy New Year! We resolve to see even more youth-generated change this year. What are your resolutions?
China jails 24 for copyright infringement
good site I threw it on my bookmarks
yea but she is THEE WORSE lol
Will Raheem be the Vikes D-Coordinator or secondary coach?
Happy Mother's day!! :)
Happy Thanksgiving!!...
I wanna fall so in love with you and no one else.
These broads going on & on & on about lying men & this that & the other male bashing. Let them go- use energy to
Lol omg omaha mall just came on my ipod remember that?! Ahahah i love you , happy easter(:
No worries, but another $10,000 will make you even richer.
Thanks a ton to all the folks who worked to bring down #ALEC. The fact that they are getting out of the business of legislating: HUGE. URock
im bouta send u a jam rite now cuz u still got spots open for that mixtape
where do we apply? :)
2nd to the last row Ted vow gathering shirt
Hi B Thx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Typing this with my middle finger.
CRG -- I bet you shop at Urban Outfitters as well. So #corporate. Represent.
That's hot
Man...I'm jealous...it would be great to hit all of the courses for the British Open, but The Old Course is a must...congrats!!
thinks we have all been rodeo clowns, providing amusement for those watching while we work so hard at missing the point.
Doing research. Reading tweets about #TheHelp. Frightening and headache inducing. Reading The Help made you "love the world"? Say what?
- I see, but there must be a centralized concept that everyone can live with. That concept must bring out the truth.
Made a sweet little finger splint out of a plastic fork, a Chipotle napkin, some athletic tape, and some scotch tape (to seal).
Yes RT Do #Isles have pans of hiring any assistants since they let go of Allen and Chynoweth?
I just played that in Words with Friends!
Trust a person until they have given you a reason not to trust them.
not much. Sittin here listening to music and bitching about bitchy people xD so much fun :P
Hahaha would not
people expect too much and just end up with disappointment .
! But I can't leave New York! Cause I just don't want 2 be actor + singing/songwriting NY is just the place!! Luv ya!!
Now im at the doctors to get my x-ray done
Just made SKYLARK come over my house to see the amazing amout of followers we got over these past 4 days He said "I got a phone, U know?"
Checks are going out soon to partners. Please review out site for more info about #BlastoffNetwork. www.blastoffnetwork.com
Come on you #blues and #Packers make this a good weekend
between the type of boyfriends.
When is coming back to the ATL?
Keith David! I miss seeing him in real shit
The boy's lax team deffinitely knows how to cheer!
Well I'm very glad(:
leading use cases effort for #dpla. Important to Tech and content work.
Woohoo! Monday solitude, except for my Twitter feed of 1959 people & possible spam-bots.
congrats on the blog numbers you are prolific, I had a very busy day some good potential clinets for me
#GoTribe On a scale of 1-10 my level of tiredness is reaching double digits but on to game 3 of 6
I think I might watch this season (:
sprinkles please
THRILLED to be a part of ! We need your voice to help choose SD region's future beginning Nov. 30!
Looks like the 9am class is in the lead in the food drive....class with the most weight in food wins a week with Brian Cassidy!
Moon Pie!!! have not had one of those in decades! Rejoice in gift God has given you of sweet tooth and incredible energy!!!
that is awesome! so psyched for you guys!
Thanks for sharing our services page! Hope you have a good weekend.
Talking to strangers, yo...
Is there a live feed for ? Would like to see and others.
great job on your food regimen. Processed food sucks!
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU! <3 biggest fan! THANKS FOR NOT FOLLWING ME..
Havin peanut butter and no jelly!
Don't worry about the snow, TEQUILA THURSDAYS will heat things up! :) $2 Frozen Margaritas
you are so welcome! They actually have a cup bigger than that! Time to get excited for a HUGE week !
Tonight after #CSWCPWOODS & #TheWhippingMan, stick around for the a cappella group !
Thank you! Def continuing innovation! RT : Happy Bday - keep up the #CleanRevolution innovation
Things u see at WalMart...guy wearing 2 different types of camouflage? #isthataowed?
There is grief because there is love.
2day my husband blessed me with a true Mother's Day Gift by honoring me 2preach the Mother's Day Word. O Happy Day!
I love this show like a pimp loves to smack a hoe! Somebody slap J.Hill for his stunt, lol!
Test post from HubSpot.
Bro, this application does not have a valid signature
Talent wins games, perseverance wins championships, with both I'll create a dynasty..
we're definitely not talking about the status quo at 'F' schools
“: It annoys me how the same people get noticed.” this.
RT If you don't work on YOU daily, then the only thing that will is gravity. And we all know what direction that force pulls.
Happiness I cannot feel and love to me is so unreal
thanks for the RT! We appreciate you!
Yo!! Look for a Bachman post soon.
I live when people write their lonely statuses on Facebook. It makes me chuckle.☺
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
Watching the Belfast 2010 concert on VH1. & are crushing it.
oh, and have it in the middle of freaking nowhere. Cc:
WE ARE ALL CONNECTED
Do you own an awesome custom motorcycle, and live anywhere near Phoenixville, PA? I want to shoot your bike for my portfolio.
read them. Notice how none of our tweets have anything to do with that and supposably WE start the drama, lololol
If TuPac and Biggy were still alive would Lil Wayne still be considered a rapper?
I'll see you on tv tonight killing it & I'll see your beautiful face tonight to <3
Follow I follow Back
i found you! finally! i guess the triple e thing worked!
this crap. i am sick of it.
Im doing good and thank you VERY much!
Scott Proctor giveth and Scott Proctor taketh away.
thanks for the R/T!
Check out our feature on 5 eco-friendly destinations in April issue of w/ the beautiful Whitney Houston on the Cover.
needs new friends ahaha
(Oak Creek) Vehicle on it's side. 1 patient in Med rig. Sorry I missed location
please follow me ? Thanks :)
Good morning, Anderson! I am letting the kids sleep late on the last day of summer! It is strange to have a quiet house!
Signed and RT'd
Cats are often cleverer than academics.
your beautiful too lol
time to invest in a margarita machine, me thinks :)
Thanks! RT : Happy Easter friends :)
ITA. It's hard tho- kids have been in PS their whole lives. Feels like we are 'deprogramming' in a way.
More like a Champagne Supernova. Just celebrating Arsenal securing 3rd in typical fashion.
I won that photo contest! Thanks for your support. Bummer instagram doesn't send checks.
Members Card Texas Rangers ML -140 (25 units)
": Remember all those long conversations that lasted for hours? I miss them. ♥" you & you-know-who
slap my nuts
Aim HIGH! You've got nothing 2 Lose! ;-)
Congrats on your upcoming new post with IU's Center for Innovation. We hope to help you spread news on Indiana Innovation
The law of demand states that if price increases quantity demanded will decrease and bitching will increase
Whose going to warped tomorrow?
No it doesn't look like it :( Unless someone backs out in the next half-hour. We'll reconvene at Beginners Part II?
RT ": RT if you like Nutri * Grain Cereal Bars">POWERBAR is the best
Thanks for recommending Camtasia. :)
TELL THAT TO DEM HILLBILLIES
Several parishoners note: Raul Castro, an atheist, has a front row seat for Pope Benedict's message.
Thumps up!! Linda Fiorentino was awesome!!
RT - I hate everything in Jacksonville except my jaguars
omg yes! <3
Thank you for the
where'd you find it?
I love when my favorite songs get stuck in my head. :3 like now.
What is the key to the Bulls winning the Easter Conference??
super soon!!
Good morning shoppers! RT your go-to merchant for breakfast!
Working away on database research and talking with clients on conference call... data wizardry 101.
I just joined the Brunettes team!
We may be able to help We are happy to evaluate her MRI.
Glad to have all of you at Sabbatic! Love having great neighbors!
Enjoying a night for their fundraising extravaganza! Can't decide on what to bid on.
The green and red chili I used has a hot bite to it. I love hot chili
Just did in front of my television!
He was supposed to die! But kids were so traumatized when Optimus Prime died in Transformers that the producers changed it.
Spanish AND French Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm
WORK IT
Dare to be naive.
Heyy do u know how happy I would be if u could please reply me :) please <3
omfg I need to erase that from my mind btw just did my post about Louis and leo
Hoodie and Hoopin Shorts type of weather. Ayyeeee
Just saw the Chicago highlights. Scottie Pippen shouldn't get into the motivational speaking business.
If this rebellion he does not underrate, perhaps he can reclaim his state?
: thanks :) that wood looks beautiful!! >>> I seriously audibly laughed (LOLed) in the the CDPE class. Thanks for the ...
ugh, you and your made up language! xD
Important to provide citations that the reader would need to find the source of information
cool, glad they went to a good home! Sorry about the game. Was nice to see you yesterday!
Math is an instrument of patriarchy; its rigor is merely a manifestation of the totalitarian mindset.
I'm just a cold mutha fucka
Windows 8 is blowing my mind right now. In a related note, minimalism is for assholes.
It's okay baby cakes....tonight I'm making brownies! 😂😉
Goodnight Monica.
right! i know it:)
Sitting at home all day and not masturbating is the definition of self control.
Attempting to get another ssn card for my son and the #'s haven't moved!!! Did I choose the wrong option? Other groups is moving!!!
seriously can 20 be like that everyday!
keep us updated!RT : We are currently developing an article series on using #WordPress for #nonprofit websites and blogs.
Suddenly I am used to
Thank God for Saturdays
Hope yall bitches paid your deposits ! ! !
Just once i want to wake up on a monday morning, turn on the news and hear "Monday has been canceled, you can go back to sleep now."
send us your stuff!
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 5
Thank you James Barham, for sharing research to date. Great convo starter!
"dont worry about what you dont know, life is a dance you learn as you go."
can't wait to see what you make, not sure I've ever tried that!
RT hey everyone should check out this webinar this afternoon PM EST www.valueofprint.com
ok. starting....now
just saw all your RTs! Am i too late for one!?!?
This weather ☀>>>
Hard at work getting ready for the next event
I hear ya man. Its nasty at least football is on today
Some people were dropped as a baby. YOU were clearly thrown at a wall.
#nowplaying "Taxi War Dance" from 'Music for Lighthousekeeping' by Howard Rumsey's Lighthouse All-Stars.
Need an escape to #Boston? We have packages to accommodate any of your needs! :) 800.225.2008
#OMG $4 #patron shots tonight and $2 #coronas ! ! !
you better be seeing my tweets. TWEET please, shes loosing her battle with cancer. Let her know you love her!!!
Gracie, the kitty cat, is taking a nap.
I can love with with all my heart but the hardest part is, I just can't love you back.
what do you think?
My website is currently down, but I am working hard to get it back up...if 1 & 1 would only conduct good business practices. Hrumph.
Esp. for WV strip clubs and sex shops.
Bay Street Brassworks New CD "Brass On Fire" has been nominated for a Wammy Award.
Fuck fake bitches. God damn
Links We Love: Isaac Mizrahi Launches a Baby Line & Jason Wu Hits Target Sweet deal! Lea Michele is going to be the new spokesperson for
GBR SHRM chapter meeting Thurs. & Jay Stovall gave labor update.Employer alert! NLRB has waded into social media big time w/ no end in site!
Will kinda miss Cory Provus and I am sure that I will kinda miss his replacement when he leaves in 3 years
I really DO hope so, i just barely starting to learn, and I HAVE no idea how to read music...
Orthodontist! Is it weird I love going? Guess that's why I'm going to be one!
I don't think I've ever been this sick. FML.
Thanks for following: Albuquerque Pro () Bailee Hanna () sumikhatun93 ()
Ever wanted to participate in a #flashmob. Here's your chance San Diego! FREE & open to the public! www.sandiegoweddingparty.com
Collaborations don't require hierarchies - every party involved has a give and a get.
RT : When you go to the Turner suite, definitely check out the Core Video Player team in the back corner. Its amazing.
Very important point RT : How do we challenge the idea that there can only be one person in charge?
RT : Wow! 131 units have been sold since the beginning of the year. Congratulations to the Axis Brickell Sales Team!
. retiring as a Bird today. Best Eagle of all time. Thank you for bringing such intensity every single gameday.
Your guys played hard! Just too many injuries at the end of the season.
haha. That's funny, what's it for?
Shout out to who has a BIG interview today! You'll rock it, sugar. Good luck. Keep me posted.
“: Season Finale already? What was that, 4 episodes ??” <-
All those cardboard boxes turned into this? Nice transmutation, dude!
Lilly & Chloe just made their debut as DJ's. 2 & 4 and time to work!!
Prosecutor Tamara Strauch now gets the last word. "This is not an intent based crime." Bronson's intent doesn't matter. Took pills, drank.
Urban #ebook #readers. Download your copy of A-Town Veteran and the Street Advocate by #ColeHart. 99 cents each. #Augusta #Amazon #youths .
you felt kinda bad... smiley face ;)
I love this bar! Fiddle and Steel Guitar Bar
Phx loses Utah loses
she my everything
Of all the thirty-six alternatives, running away is best.
Sometimes my boyfriend is such a fuckin baby I don't know whether I should blow him or burp him
It's so weird because I'm so busy #writing my #book I almost forgot to notice things like #superTuesday and #AIPAC this year
I LOVE SEX , SMOKIN , DRINKIN , MONEY AND PARTY'S BUT MOST OF ALL....... (CAMERA ZOOM).... FEELIN FAMOUS ! LOL
coming out swinging. Tell ya what
WE love you!
Ctfu , Ghaaaa A New Word, Just For Me, Im Honored , lol
Me too! It'll be so nice to meet in person. Thanks to for getting everyone together. :)
I'm still sick why am I here
I like your policy on this! Mentioning shows is one thing, but if its the only thing...
I almost accidentally tweeted a text message. Shit would have got real, quick! lmao
Party Rental on their way—because—we're having a party AND art Auction May 12. aljirafineartauction
The things , i put up with .... From you .
She has to give more than she receives tho lol
I love lot of ppl! If I starts to number, I'll never finish xD
FULL LINEUP! Welcome Mike to ALESSA IS RED. more news coming VERY soon! (shows, EP Release, Merch, ETC!)
Juss fell down the stairs with a glass of oj now it all over the place a hell of a clean of now :(
A big reason that so few take advantage of all we have is simply neglect, It causes us to miss the opportunities that our freedom gives us
Big ups to my boy , who finds out where his residency will be at today. He also promises to give more of an effort on Twitter.
Haha. I so want that mixtape.
When Im All Alone I Think About Your Face...
Chris Paul can admit when he's had a horrible game though. Gotta respect that.
The fact that #MuseumEd = Teaching Students but #ArchivesEd = Training Archivists is something that needs to change
Ladies and Gentleman, let's welcome Taylor Newman to Twitter!
Fellmeth: We need parenting education. Trigonometry not used by many after HS but parenting skills are needed by most.
OMG!! The Master Cleanse isn't a diet!!!!! Hello!
No can do. Institute's got me for evening. Tomorrow or Wed?
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mommy's!
Histopathology Blood --Acute leukemia
Good morning! We're open today starting at 9am (until 5pm). We have additional Planetarium times all this week, too. Have a gat day.
Good morning!!!
Christ Jesus, those penguins were tall
Just sent you a digital copy via dropbox.
congrats on grad my journalism friend! Proud of you. This tweet needs #childhoodphoto that I don't have access to right now...:)
I love tequila.
you meet a lot of people in bathrooms. did he give you the answer to a trivia question?
it does
Aaaaaahhhhh!!! So close
Hey man, are you up for coffee or a phone call next week? I'd love your advice and feedback on my startup, AirPay.
Girl has Big "O" on amusement park ride. see the video..real or fake? decide
Sexual chocolate? is going to be a guest?
True! I just need slutty out-of-town friends now.
Me Too!!! “: OH "If I win the big lottery jackpot, I'm starting a VC fund"”
Does anyone else watch The Wieners Circle??
He holds me in his big arms, drunk and I am seeing stars; this is all I think of.
haha make you have a piss rush!
That's good. I'm in the world's largest storm cell.
Revolve Friday! :D
hey Phil! I like your face will u marry me?
Wahh I forget no new episode tonight. Well this sucks. Guess I have no excuse to not pack.... Boo
Keys in my pocket hit me on the Batphone
And I am what I am, a train wreck.
This is a test...I wonder when you will tweet me back =)
I'm guessing Upshaw.
RT : got my alarms set! #m #youalwaysbossme // sit down and be quiet.
#Tebow will eat a homeless person if you dare him.
Derby, Michigan, home, beach, lake, Europe, lake
Happy Fathers Day
You're a handsome devil. What's your name?
Fun times, indeed! And totally, you can be our house band any time you like!
Another big moment in UB history: Ida C. Bendler & Natalie Mankell also became UB's first female faculty on this date in 1895.
How many people are running for Chicago mayor? Any site suggestions about good place to follow this?
TFH: "Welcome to the party."
Ed Sheerans videos are all so fucking emotional.
Oh, Congrats! Would this one move the interview if they knew when you'll be out there?
The #Pens win. Equilibrium reestablished in the universe.
RT Driving to 1702 Hawkins Circle, Southampton. ETA 10:31 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Damn near not funna be in any of my classes tomorrow, :/
oh gosh if it was by chipotle i'd be there everyday! even though I am already hahaha
Hugh is about to start his cookbook signing at Outwright Bookstore in Midtown. Home sweet Atlanta.
Governor: How does it help America's kids to call Social Security a Ponzi scheme?
Did I fall asleep? Totally missed that it was after 2!
E is even more than anyone that you adore and love is all that I can give you <3
BTW should you ever lose your ID in Vegas, you can board with your Costco card.
tomorrow's outfit? Shorts and a t shirt
Happy Thursday!
Want a girl that doesn't hide shit.
MT "Kuroda did a good job today...just no run support as usual." ...<Been the story of his life...
RT : RT this and follow me to be entered to win a Prototype 2 digital comic.
I Feel Love for Austin Mahone. Yes. Him
Have a picnic in Central Park! See a play on Broadway! Tour the offices! Wishing you safe travels from #Tucson to NYC.
Joe Paterno has reached, molded, and taught many men not only about football, but about life. His legacy will be that of a great teacher.
um yes.
ive done 3 pages in one so far. only like 3 more sketchbooks to go
Abed doing stand up with Troy in the audience #HILARIOUS . #Community=winning
would you say you were buzzing like a bee, or a hummingbird. Playful minds want to know! ;-) contact me anytime.
Hey Stranger!! How are you?
Come into the tasting room and mention "Twitter Sale" and get 20% off your purchase. Today Only! Open 12-6pm. Happy New Year!!!
If I ever make a movie about delivery drivers, I will call it “The Slow and the Surly.”
DRM, it's why I do the whole pirate thing
Almost 700 :D 360 followers from the goal
I'm not but I'm just so far from my baby. Its depressing
M... Zinc has delicious fishes...
IF VITO CORLEONE FELL ASLEEP IN THE SUN HE WOULD LOOK LIKE KANYE WEST.
11 months of Romney rhetoric might just drive me over the edge. I feel bad for words.
Next time I get some jet fuel on me I am definitely using Tide.
thanks for following! Check out our design blog and forum www.wearelux.com
Can't wait to see whats going on here
I believe: RT In 2011, the # of smartphones sold outnumbered the # of PCs sold. Future mobile sales will dwarf everything else.
just called my tweets boring. I'll take that as a complement - Simple is what I go for. Are you asleep yet?
Good morning everyone, we just want to thank you lovely people again for being so kind and supportive, we <3 you all, much love h2p
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
wow, for what?
nah this aint right, severe back and neck ache at the age of 21, complain complain but
Tell #Congress to be #transparent on #contraceptive debate
Music has my heart pumping!
It's 111 degrees in LA. Maybe we'll just stay here... :)
Diamond Head conquered. Hanauma Bay up next!
marv no....asia miles!?
of course human interaction is terrifying. THAT'S THE KIND I GOT INSTEAD. WOAH.
Started the New Years Eve celebration with the traditional 12 mile run, powered by Skittles. Now for some football.
We need to change the tax code and other policies, not make people change jobs to solve concentration of wealth probs.
Eat, sleep, drink, fun.
Congrats man! We need to grab a burrito soon!
thanks. Can't time machine back up to it, right?
I'm pretty sure I didnt do well on this food science test. Oh well just wanna hurry up and get out of here.
Finally ditched my ergonomic keyboard! I can already feel my Carpal Tunnel starting to Syndrome.
That is crazy ": Still haven't from any of the "fam" except for ! Smh!! That's crazy!! I don't care either!"
S/o to for never hanging out with me. Cool
Science 2011: Jennifer Harper "Students who participated in hands on learning received a higher scaled score in science."
I'm not gonna say a thing.
Mi teaser trailer es su teaser trailer.
We will be arriving tomorrow!
Sunday Funday! Continuing the celebration from last night Rangers win?! Join us today for the Cowboys game! Will the Cowboys win?
Tomorrow......it's ladies night w DJ E Square at 8 pm.......happy hour at tiki bar...drink specials....!!!!! Starting at 6pm...
Yes or no? G o o g l e jumped the shark today with its MD banner.
Well thank you - great pic!
Supplying quality exotic hardwood flooring and decking for over 15 years.
"The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time." - Thomas Jefferson
reminding everyone that WWC is part of the Greenwood Art-walk tomorrow! Come by and meet the artist who donated such beautiful work to us!
I am so beyond excited about the new collection. It's different from what I've been doing but I'm loving the creative process! Stay tuned.
I was sad that no one joined in.
So much to blog about, so little time.
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect
8 out of 10 times, I'm the bad guy..thats my role.
Hell!!! #ToddlersAndTiaras is back and I'm about to get real angry at my tv lol
so what you wanna do opportunity right in front of you
have fun! The show already aired my time! She's on in the later part of the show?
Have fun at ! I see them next week - my 3rd time. Watch 's hands on that guitar. Impressive talent!
. Gov't (through taxes) is the great fiction where everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.
Track workout today: 7 min mile warm-up. 8x200m at :33 with 1 min rest between. Mile cool down.
Can't sleep so much on my mind.
European Jazz Motion @ Shrine Bar 2nite, 10-11p. Kids R smokin'. Off 2 DC 2morrow. Twins says they'll have the piano tuned. Here's hoping.
nah whenever YOU are
RT : Just my opinion, but I've got to keep it 100. Brandon Venson has looked the best of the rookie TEs. Still early though.
Downloaded the BeerCloud app to find its a weak & out of date app. Are there any other good iPhone apps 4 beer lovers?
Lausanne just posted...CLOSED!
Winners keep improving.
or today
Nothing like having a fresh cut.
Loving did,,
With a huge cock! 8===>~~~ RT : you're a BASIC BITCH anyway
WH just "revealed" Obama's long-form birth certificate. The #Birther wackos will undoubtedly come up with a new conspiracy theory.
f***?? hahahaha . why stay away from him? omg mom and dad have lost it
What night are you attending? Or did you go already?
haha I have to put shower and eat on my daily to do list when I'm working at home too!
Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!! Go
! RT No more tweets abt 'crime' & 'conviction' from you from now on, young lady :)
me either then they all decided to hop in...and they were all wrong
Or see if their last name is Biff Tannen :-)
Every time I talk to you, I see that smile and those eyes, and I realize I can't get over this one.<3
Overslept a little, and almost missed the bus.
Listening to "No Sleep till Brooklyn"
RT : Cumberbatch does a great job of reminding us why Holmes has no friends.
What problems is the DPLA trying to solve? 1. Collective action (lots of people doing similar things, but we’re not coordinating)
I think I'm gonna Tweet every line from the play today. For the benefit of those who can't see it. JUST KIDDING, DON'T UNFOLLOW ME!
Today in Blues History: Robert Nighthawk recorded "My Sweet Loving Woman" November 10, 1948, as Chess single number 1484.
I could really go for a cold one right now... cause the bottom of this one is kinda warm.
Should have run today
follow her shes cool ss dnt tell her i tweeted this haha LoL ;) :)
no its durp
all I had to do was say I'm ready for golf season haha! Damn!
He think he balllllin
TRUE DEFINITION OF DROUGHT! Musicfest AND BBQ rain free? Didn't think that was possible...
MW3 right now >>>>
We could be like slash. We'd play guitar solos, while smoking a cigarette, with Fergies ass on our face.
Today! Kick-off to Houston's own Flamenco Festival, care of Del Espadín #flamenco studios benefitting the Flamenco Foundation of #Houston!
did you find anything? Where is the house? It's not the pie museum correct ?
2) #whiteprivilege allows one to dismiss race as uncomplicated & argue that race is "as complicated as goddamn Santa Claus" (3/3)
haha i feel you son
happy mothers day pattie!
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
Thanks for the follow!
Had a lot of fun today! :)
now that's what I call festive!
New Photos from Fringe just posted! www.stephaniepfreed.com
Got plans? Join us tonight 6-7:30PM, as Mesa Mayor Scott Smith holds a town hall meeting at the Mesa Historical Museum.
I guess i'll try to go sleep. Goodnight twitter :)
hahaha! I believe you! Our brother was good at making a racket.
hmm , can't wait till you get off
Great post! It's :( that Mark didn't report his tweet to Anthony B. that said "F@*K U! Come to UofL! Shame
No, they just get run over!!!
can u believe up til 50yrs ago the mentally disabled were sent2 institutionalizations &forgotten abt @ the dr's orders? RT if ur ashamed
working on it! ;)
Friend said to me, 'You couldn't go vegan. Your husband keeps pig's heads in the fridge!' True. But I accepted the challenge. #cantdoit pft!
is trying to make your life better. Espresso bar (505 W. Main St.) from 12pm to 7pm today.
WHat happened to Sabi?
Haha did you see Justin's face?
Masque... Step it up :/ and I are visiting...
It's a Murphy's Law kind of a day
Most elephants weigh less than a blue whale's tongue.
Between the horror that was Wonder Woman issue 7 and the atrocity of today's internets, I wish I had hidden under the covers this morning.
finally at the one inch mark! do any of you want pics? -eugene
Molly Sullivan's Dance Party tonight!
yes this is really me:) and Thanks! Can you please share it with your friends like Facebook it??:)
decided against Life?
It's Monday and we get a letter from IRS that they're holding our refund until they do a review of our taxes. #auditsstink!
Set up a #Steam account last night - send me your names so I can friend you! I'm "Kalareth"
Major announcements coming for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Home safety discovery tools for cocaine, meth, heroin, amph, alcohol
You should check out our for your application.
Tonight's hurting everyone's brackets!!
#crowdfunding Not that I know of. The highest I've seen is $10k
damn I went hard that day 8)
definitely available for Canada. Hiding homeowner's trees may be possible if trees were flagged in a certain way.
No dunkin donuts=the worst monday morning ever
appears that Braun might possibly have a cough/cold ?
Absolutely!!!! No question! It is my passion!
That's great! I'm sure he'll get it mastered before too long
Reindeer Games is on the throne.
Type 1 or juvenile diabetes affects 70,000 children under the age of 15 years every year.
thanks for the follow:-)
Where are the grownwomen?
awesome! Can I find the hours for open gym at jam online? I can't wait to check out the new gym and play :)
of course! How long will the event be going on?
": Just knowing im gonna walk into work when the sun is out and then walk out when the moon is out kills my mood"
Fabulous cut & color at Runway in Newburyport - thank you I've so found my new salon
Yay!! So glad u could make it.
Why do people insist on telling you to "stick to football" every time you post on another sport? Post away, Peter
wow, that was completely unexpected, and he made the wrong decision!
that will be how we spend out Sunday...can't wait! ;) Have a good/productive day...
I can't wait for Kate Boka to teach tonight at the Wright Way Master Classes Broadway audition seminar - Las Vegas!
Stick to sports, Mike.
RT : OMG, there is NONE bettah than Pearl Northridge CA. Thank you.
Thanks Kate! Good luck and hopefully we'll be giving you a free download this month!
I thought it wasn't possible, but the yammer iPhone app just got uglier.
#WorldsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I can't wait for next semester to start!
I don't think so!
Tragic Johnson
720 communities around the USA now have some type of #OWS presence.
can I charge those flip cameras via the USB or do they have to be plugged into the wall? and no, that's not a dumb question.
Rule #1: you must never mistreat the bacon.
2day is simply a boring day.....sigh
sorry you just answered my question. thanks
I knew you would! Great teachers see it.
Just found out who stoled my iphone
I am very humbled by how much God has blessed me with...from the biggest of things to the littlest of things.
Rudy Rude on the mic this Friday night- giving us some much needed music!
You Should Do That, It Would Be Nice!!!
well that went well..
tied in
I guess why not....
"One of my favorite artists is none other than the singer Jack Johnson." OMG The One and Only??? (@ Wit's End w/ 60 papers)
I can't wait for you to break out of Bill Bixby mode and go all Lou Ferrigno on #mla11. You'll get noticed, all right.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
Morning, twitfam! Lots to do today.
"Can we, as a nation, continue together permanently..? ..The problem is too mighty for me. May God, in His mercy, superintend the solution."
ugh tell me about it : /
hey sweetie! Miss ya!
Making out in line for the bathroom? Not ok.
hi. if u get a chance, check out seon-hwa lee on the range. really nice player. amazing swing. think shes been hurt lately.
i meant oh well
Haven't tweeted much, just been on focus mode with spring ball, but all y'all have a blessed day
Congrats to DeAndre Presley for getting a deal with the San Diego Chargers...he's going to make that team!
Met the great Samu yesterday at New England Fanfest !! Now I need to meet !!
Doctor of #Chiropractic news flash: Yergason's shoulder test has 35% specificity. Why use it? Poor predictor.
ready to throw a diy show after that doc... thanks for the rec!
if I really tried hard at it I'm sure I could. But probably not :P. How bout you??
OH SHIT! IT'S ABOUT TO GET COSMIC IN THE MCU!
Right out the box "Emily Dic-n-who?" Awesome.
Lol he smokes weed and steals socks! Wtf.
All kelly clarkson songs make me want to vomit.
i did
Sounds like you get around like me:-)
But there is always next season. I love the Pens and they will raise the Cup again.
#thoughtsduringschool Will this be on the bar? ... Whoa did you really post that on Facebook?... Huh? Oh, can you repeat the question?
Looking forward to a great volunteer leader call tonight, talking Digital Organizing with and
yay MSM has Whitney's death to focus on over the atrocities happening every in the world. MJ's trial got more airtime than Darfur genocide.
yeah that's a good question. Busy enough to make a living :-)
Success - If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it.
Reading Ghost In The Wires by Kevin Mitnick. Gripping because Kevin Mitnick is obsessed to the point of being ridiculous.
"I believe in fairy tale endings." - guy on the Bachelorette (dude, she's not going to turn into a frog once you kiss her)
Ha! RT Facebook is worth 100B? They totally stole the idea of invasion of privacy & imaginary farms from North Korea.
God bless the women that can hold Patron.
Drive to save Chester College faces real deadline - Eagle Tribune
I FUCKS WITH IT FOOL #WESTSIDE T>T> DAT HOOK CATCHY AS FUCK TOO MY NIGGA !
they say hangovers bring one closer to god...closer than the booze of the night before..
I can not stand nick cannon !
Good Morning Everyone =)
I am a pervert on the low though.
About to start watching Big Love Season 4!
WATS GOOD BRO HOLD ME DOWN GO TO MY FAN PAGE AND LIKE WOULD HELP A GREAT DEAL
Why not? Share lots and prosper.
Cathleen Kaveny: sexist structures need to be critiqued because they are false
hope your day is going well....
I loved your mothers day special it was amazing
You have till 2 p.m. TODAY to RT and be entered in a drawing for tix on 4/23...you'll also be entered for the 4/25 game!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA,cant imagine ur killin face on ma wedding :p
#iHateitwhenlittlekids Stick Their Toungue Out Like It Hurts Me!?!So Impresive........NOT!
... that bad? Omg lol I bet Someones gonna die and come back to life or some chiz
have a great day and happy mother's day!
The Daily Show to in the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library during the DNC this fall. Libraries in the media - gotta love it!...
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans. Mave to hit up the ight hit up the jui jitsu class
With companion. It was shared and made for a very comfy flight. :) Might I remind you that it was cross country? cc:
lol “: Only if were lucky :-) RT : Nightlife will be the death of us.”
I totally relate! haha!
follow me so I can give yhu my number nd Donovan said yhu fine lolz :)
we sport facebook.com/VZPARTYSTORE
That's what I like to hear! :)
Great leaders don't need to respond to every email - let your team weigh in with their decisions and don't always need your input
Lmao!,I think you're right
has added AIA, , of Northern NV and Black Rock Design Institute to our list of sponsors.
the things I would do for a large lemonade right now...
I'm ready are u ???lol
You can't always beat the #market. Consider inexpensive #indexfunds. Those funds will closely track overall market performance.
has no swag he has
Harry Potter & the Deadly Hallows II. Relentless Action Movie! It Just does not stop! --Daniel Radcliffe.
No problem sir.
ha thanks
Sweet! Thanks for the retweet!
At a hotel for my bday lol. So u got a Facebook
Fun to sign on to Twitter and see #FF Hope you had a wonderful day, my friend!
I'm reminded that the following can be used for social change: twitter, letters to the editor, graffiti, book reviews, etc.
Spoke with a MS rep who recommended taking IDL & MOF cert. test. Any thoughts on IDL or MOF?
Will do! He's in good hands with !
you sicken me -_-
Can I come and pay homage to the Super Bowl victories...?
Same old Caps.
Those are the worse
So tired of Kelly Clarkson's "don't need a man" schtik!
RT : Our 5th birthday is just 3 weeks away! Stay tuned to our twitter feed for some exciting announcements!!
If you don't leave convention full of inspiration and a need to go out and shoot, you don't have a pulse.
Don't waste time with sizes and styles and returns. She will write a check in a second and put it in envelope for any gift occasion
Need new shoes, Chucks in the locker are looking rough. May go Vans for ride days.
Hey Bar Reviewer have updated our system. Just add #milwaukeebars to send a Real Time Bar Review
RT : Most kids 6-12 in US and Canada have used YouTube as gateway to other content/make purchases
Just finish getting dicked up! Omg i cant feel my legs!
Parking tickets don't magically disappear when you look like you're going to cry.Though i did manage to get the parking police to feel b ...
Looked to me like semi-officially received Woody Guthrie's mantle tonight. And what a fucking show.
I sure dont
thanks! and thanks for your item on the list
madison looks good today
psshh, that's so coachella. they'd resurrect kurt cobain or sid & nancy before tupac here ;)
Of course and were outstanding too !
lol @ sportscenter saying anyone getting dunked on "gasol'd"
Vermont campaign finance bill dead for year
not if you're ugly, chances are actually divided in half.
should we sign eric gordon and goran dragic this summer?
IKR but I have u and all my other friends to help me with getting sleep which is great
Need advice on a telephone system solution for your business? Looking for bespoke pricing and services built around your requirements?
Someday, future generations will say: "Why the hell didn't our parents & grandparents pay down U.S. #Debt? Now we're screwed!"
The fact that my bus sings songs everyday on the way home makes me love LF<3
ayyyee ! Just bough just dance 3 for our Wii !!
wow! Where at?
Living at the
I have a 103.6 fever... the day before an ap test.
Kansas: Kansas moves closer to ending ban on happy hour. Via CBS news
Delete nothing. See every negative comment as an opportunity for awesome. via
what was it for then?
Its nice to be off 2mrw.
Fergie would kill Mancini.
NCAA title game embodied the tournament: build up to a great ending...and then nothing. Least exciting tourney in recent memory.
Just received a political robo call that said it understood if I was "flustrated" with current system. I don't think it understands at all.
No matter where u go u are what u are player And u can try to change but that's just the top layer Man u was who u was 'fore you got here...
way to go!
DMing #dnd for my 1st time tonight. Go easy on me, my fellow adventurers. (PS- #dnd feeds my love of #maps. There. I said it.)
Hope your well & hope to see you soon.
Marilyn Johnson "I love how yr not covered in billboards"
Thanks but I already emailed with you w no resolution. In fact, I think is a scam.
Pareto rule in action? 80% of mobile apps downloaded and then never used again. I personally prefer mobile-friendly websites.
My seven year old keeps it so real. No phony in her.
Anyone disrespect , the best analyst ur gonna have to deal with #SpursNation!
yesterday our class went on this trip and it was lame
great quote from my bud sarah: "to get ahead you gotta cut throat."
...Friend tubes? Or Volleyball? LMK
naw i comment on her pick saggy titties ctfu..she went hard then blocked me..bitch still aint get implants yet get a lift ctfu
Have fun today! If, by chance, there are poker shenanigans...take it down!!!
February 2011 Cell Phone Promotions: First Month Free!, FREE Activation!, You + 3 = FREE!, You + 5 = FREE!. Christopher: 602.573.4157
“: this nigga bit me” Loll
House music set me free! :)
went to tacobell first ave evansville in. forgot debit card Manager Chris Grisham and staff should be given raises for honesty.
Cracked my damn iPhone screen. Smh
Alex Will One day Be On a Huge Movie Poster!!!
just put "It's not the size of the bird that matters." into a failure report
I'm so fucking comfortable, but my bladder... :c
still grinding at the Superdome!
Join us for the Booze Crooze tonight! Starts at Sunday Cycles Bike Shop at 7:30pm! It'll be Fun!
ITS ALL I KNOW!!!!
Not quite the same offensive show we saw last night in the Rose Bowl, both MSU and the Badgers shooting under 30%
bummer! I liked having you at the fall one in dec. can you advertise for your Ed staff? 6-8pm. Just have them send me an email.
tweet her and dm plz thnx ima give you a shout out if you do
A folk remedy for reducing fever: make a strong tea from dung of the jackrabbit and drink it every half-hour. Who's on first?
Nice! What did you use?
Are you a #MileyCyrus #Fan? Then follow He's a #Dude who's a
SHOOT THEM!! LOL Just kidding! Sending loads of love to you Ms. NeNe!! You are #amazing!
First order of business - BRUNCHES
Woke up this morning on da grind
I'm going to Belfry this year !!! Not , Lenore :)
I can not form words today
Zumba, Yoga, Pilates, Studio Crossfit New Fitness&Dance Studio Superimpactfitness.com Register now!
me and are coming to the banquet
How is your sunday looking?
Well, at least the NL gets the win, even if it is the Cards. Cubs in 2012!
huge fan totally rocking it with class. Way better than the others .
did you see iit in Chicago????
God will decide which one works..
I will not miss the next opportunity.
I 100% agree with you!
I think it's like true an real
Watchn basketball wives
Pliny the Elder, right? If you've got Pliny the Younger, I may need to make a cross-country trip right quick.
Yess ! I wondered where my sweetheart went :(
Pens following the example of their captain, acting like total assholes. Way'n go Sid the kid.
Hey my twitter unfollowed a bunch of people, so I've tried to follow them all back.
Ive gotten to Memphis TN there was a guy on the corner downtown with an iguana on his shoulder - it WILL be interesting
