Cuomo: I believe in state's rights"
Getting photograpy tips from Jeffrey Truitt at luncheon
any chance of some sneak pics?
OK #Pandora, apart from the fact they both lack Adam's apples can u give 1 good reason why Adele's playing on the Alanis Morissette station?
all that dick in your mouth, was it good?
Super Hero *Ruben* to save the day! Gotta check out LIVE coverage at Comic-Con starting at 5am on SD6! Surprise Movie Star Guest!
Gotta be leavin' in 45 minutes, and I'm still up trying to figure out how to work these peoples iron! -_-
yes you do! You will love Seattle.
grrrr....one dirty dish always escapes the load.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
thankyou so much :)
World Peace not such a peaceful play there. That's just dirty. Needs several game suspension.
cant wait for :D
Someone who deserves to make the top 100 as a newcomer, and will is NaVarro Bowman, ILB of SF
Loving the seeming/feeling untweetability of the tweets. :D
why did i create a FACE BOOK ACCOUNT?lol ....! haha
Come to our free concert tonight! Quartets by Haydn, Bartok and Brahms. 7:30pm at St. Paul's Church, 15 St. Paul St, Brookline, MA.
This year spring break just feels different ... still haven't quite gotten over the blizzards!
Hi I met Chris Lucas this evening and he said wonderful things about you and #Godspell!! I can't wait to see it!
Stop by for Happy Hour 5pm-7pm! Stay for our $20 wine, entree, and dessert special! Hope to see you!!
Take care of those pearly whites and make sure your kids know how to brush properly! www.ada.org
Save the date - Nov. 14th - , Jimmy Luvs and Klements are teaming up to build MKE's largest bloody mary. 100 gallons!!
Time for a drink 4u!! RT All gators must die! RT What would you do if a gator launched at your kayak?
KALAMAZOO CENTRAL GIANTS VS KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX KNIGHTS THANKS 2 MY MAMA EITHER WAY I WON
u go
Hahaha! Carrie says he was sexy in a Disney way, lol.
"the law firm" has been the top back in New England for a couple years.
those were the days you know
Don't like #Aaron #Rodgers either...
don't you think reports like this kind of game people up who want to do criminal things but didn't know how until...?
#IfIwasPresident I would make Black History month 2 months
thanks for a wonderful date im going to bed
Happy finals week, may the odds be ever in your favor.
I tried very hard, but I was only able to do some of the things. :(
The men. Great band!
...which means its only gonna get crazier from here...
Ate breakfast & lunch and still hungry...LOL. Ready for dinner.
In Harlem wit and _718
This happened last year when I was driving to my hometown somewhere in the middle of Belgium. I was driving a little too fast when a poli...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :-)
RT : Best direction last night: "Say it like 'I was a pole dancer!' only you were a nun.'"
oh for sure ..I'm like Pedro on Napoleon Dynamite "If you vote for me all your wishes will come true!"
bro this just gave me a boner.
Philly skating stupidly like they're drunk.
is awesome thanks for the follow
It can also help the students understand that syllabi are not (hopefully) arbitrary documents.
I hate ugly gurls dat hang wit fine gurls so think they fine too!!!!
what if one is not good at ping pong?
So is The Killing basically Twin Peaks without any of David Lynch's craziness?
Kelis is legitimately one of my heros.
I am comically bad at special reasoning.
RT “The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.” –Tommy Lasorda
Bitch better be home cooking my chesse eggs
hey you're cute(; k bye<3
To early in the year to be wearing boardshorts?.
”The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them.” - General Colin Powell
i'm not saying i agree. i'm just saying it's not a freedom of speech issue
haha :) awe thanks so much girl!!! I wish I got to see you all dolled up! But nonetheless you definitely rocked it.
thanks for informing twitter.
I see zero flaws in that plan
wouldn't be valuable otherwise. Heartbreaking as it is, life is a beautiful truth, not always pretty.
- a startup which turns guys into gentlemen is coming to #Life30 Apr 18
Going to the game tonight! Any good food suggestions?? Also, Merry #Greinkemas to all!
Alice Kessler Harris's presidential address should be starting shortly.
it sounds much more appealing that way
Yoga at noon!
@ any rate I wish she could have felt free to tell more ppl & then receive support..tough thing to go thru & still pretty young
An extra-special thanks to all of our business partners & the participating stores & restaurants that made Shop Your Values Week possible!
In Thompson We Trust. Welcome to Green Bay, Mr. Perry.
Headed to Jackson tomorrow for #msmeca12. Giving an aft workshop on PHP apps. Learn how to install Wordpress, Moodle and more on your site.
My mission is not impossible. With God on my side anything is possible~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend.
congrat and u r awesome. Love u girl
Maybe more.
I can't believe freshmen year is almost over
Send me that pic please!!!
Mount and Do me.
He talking big dollars sounds like a plan
Getting ready for Easter Sunday while studying for exams.....
Dude I got 4g up here
if this headache will go away!!!!
With over 15,000 miles logged in the past 2 weeks, I'm definitely happy to report the thing I'm most proud of is that I pooped in Uruguay.
#NSD!!! imma have a sub for lunch!
I've been writing since 7.. still not done
I moved a bunch, but kind of feel that the high school years determine where you are "from"
Drinking a protein smoothie with spirilina after my aquasize class. Looks weird-tastes good.
Wrapping up 2011...2012 will be so much better!
I'm pumped for summer!!!
Just found old videos of me and doing the cinnamon challenge . god we were stupid . 🐶🐷🐗🐔
Well I just seen the Celtics score and wow....that sucks. It could be worse, could be the LAL right now
Do you have an upgrade license for CF8 or a full license (STD or ENT) ? And your purpose is to maintain the CFAdmin settings?
Does anyone else get scared when a text reads “Can I ask you a question?
This blows.
Packer throw down tonight! Such and exciting game.
Enjoying the #AustinSymphony tonight... What r u doing?
you try too hard to be different.
I'm worried Fields, Shumpert, and Lin are getting too cliquey. I hope they remember to invite Carmelo on their bowling dates
oh goodness, there's no way we can do all that or will be allowed to
ON BEHALF OF THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR GROW COMPANY, WE WANT TO SAY KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BEAUTIFUL...www.shop.completelength.com
it is "snowballing" out here.
figuring out how to use this thing. My neighbor told me I made it on Twitter, from you guys. I was like, oh yeah..
RT : Going to #iPME tomorrow? Stop by the booth and find out how #PingFederate integrates PKI smart cards for cloud apps
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
RT : - RT If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain RT
morning edition always chooses the best music - explosions in the sky and the news = best combo to get ready to
: Either that, or Tom King will have to run as a Democrat for the 85th. Equal time regulations, right?
What better way to understand the inner workings of a European company than to work for one!
Word! :^) RT via Stay up! A smile doesn't always mean a persons happy.. Sometimes it just means they're being strong
THEN PUT ME ON THE SHOW! ;) I promise I'll get the ratings to where Simon needs them, let him know that for me please
its 1234.. but I gotten ave up early
My heartbeat murmurs to mock your rhythm.
Can I forgive 18yo Mitt for bullying? Yes. But his "apology" makes clear he STILL doesn't see what the BFD is about his behavior.
Alright sounds easy enough, thanks :)
I can't believe I forgot to do my math proj... My teachers going to kill me when he sees it's not there... At least I'm not alone! Hahaha
I. LOVE. SPAGHETTI. +_+
Thanks for the #FF's!
Chris Brown
I just got it too...I've never heard a thunderclap that loud and long.
summer is coming (in Game of Thrones voice).
Aww I miss you too love :) <3 DaddyJacksons this summer?
LOL. We'll just be one big happy family! Wait...Sarah, where were you when I came down for Sunday Best auditions?
I loved reading about my fellow Fems. Thank you, Cindy!
that is a crazy statistic..
I see what you did there -_-
Gluten free chocolate chex I see why you cost a dollar more than all the other chex
yeah right RT : Every mind was made for growth, for knowledge, and its nature is sinned against when it is doomed to ignorance.
Time for Jon "Bones" Jones to do some work!
RT : Atl considers audio surveillance to track gunfire. Some neighborhoods support.
#Letsbeserious is the sexiest boy alive!
That is in fact true!
": I love y'all ugly chicks" What the fuck do u mean by this? Cause I know im ugggllyyy.
Have nothing to do on a Saturday. Today sucks.
Dont wanna go to school today;&plus i only have a few hours to sleep;&not gonna be in the mood to talk to people so all my friiends shou ...
Went to a film festival featuring rare/obscure educational films from the 40's-70's
Packing up a new snake bite kit for trip to our AZ cabin and all I can wonder is why it's not a regulated med device.
Have you checked out the December issue of the Ruby for Women magazine? It's available right here in the Bloggy Moms community on my page!
People who ask for re-tweets need to go die in a hole...
When you've had a rough day, ask yourself before you sleep if there is anything else you can do. If not... sleep well.
Zayn's solos ♥
thanks! and will do, hope he responds that would be legendary! hahaha x
shooting feature today, gotsta love the pub!
aww shucks, thanks so much! It's really awesome to see people I've connected with here show up there. :)
Judge dismisses TRO McCann filed against Parent Stuart Payne
I ended up running a bunch of errands in Silver Spring. So sorry to have missed helicopters :-( And you!
ew just stop talking.
#YesArmy How are we feeling out there?
oh ok! Well. I'll be coming from North I believe.. have any favorite coffee shops near by with decent parking?
“: It's crazy how y'all look alike” I know haha people tell us we're triplets!
If I Had The Time & Money I Would Be Out There... :-)
Caps gonna crush the Rangers, bro!
is a networking group & speakers series in Milwaukee, but you certainly don't have to live here to participate.
did you check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
Did i say he was black you reverse racist RT : “: I lynched a man in my sleep last night....” racist
"Pryor said he chose to take money in exchange for memorabilia to help his family." And there's nothing wrong with that.
Three Picks In The First Round...More Defensive Players-
Ok, ok you caught me. So, if Lori doesn't win, will you not vote for Scott?
me too
u cheater reported spam
its been a couple months
Happy Friday, ALL!
#smwcampaign: Are these stats and graphics going to be available after the event to share?
Hurts worst on second day.
Sundays at Fairchild, but it's only free in August
Great point: accepting a post-graduation does NOT mean you stop looking for work.
I just wanna sleep 😒
What a beautiful day! Maybe Spring will return some day after all.
Looking for networking organizations in #Tampa. Any recommendations for young professionals?
Five San Diego hospitals disciplined by state health department for patient care problems. Monetary fines total $300,000
Today while cleaning, I put in LOTR:F. This of course means no work was done while the balrog was on the screen.
she's was a total
A great way to celebrate the end of the world! Ole! #rapture ": It's my BIRTHDAY!!!!"
- And this is why I like you.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. ----- Jim Rohn
That's the Panhandle Plains Historical Museum
It was because he insisted he was reforming before he'd ever heard of Luther. You know, I liked this band before they were popular
Where is this man?
Now Playing ♪ Tiare by The Surfers
Thank you!
Thanks! RT : Love the hash tag.
probably beaten to the punch but Greeks as EU citizens can live and work legally in any other EU member state..
That was a terrible shot... C'mon now Miller.
what you know bout them night terrors
thanks for the s.o. :)
when does it go until? Is there a list of places that are participating?
This is my song! #NP Anthony Hamilton- Point of it All
cuz its my thinking time lol
Omg what even. Vampire Diaries! Omg
lol my bad doe. But i was just listening to u singing on youtube that bruno mars song it will rain .lol u sound really great!
Alarm clocks: Because every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
"I will come to your house and rape you while you sleep"
“: My car doubles as a sauna when it's hot.”
Well at least you made it! #Instateam members never fail their objectives... unless it's winning Nooks. Have a good flight!
I just keep looking at my phone.. waiting.. wanting.. & loving.
Why is it when I can't sleep I make a dumb Decision by putting on 24....
doing crosswords and wishing wells on chippewa.. know your self? a new beloved? thanks wishing well!
I wish I could mute people in real life....
Babe Didrikson, named athlete of the century, 14 LPGA wins in 2 yrs, 3 Olympic medals, died way too young at 45 of cancer. Inspiring!
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are"
Sunday's are always boring...
Back in NYC. Looking seriously into Live Event and TV Hosting training/auditions!!
Becoming one of our followers on the day you're getting ready to go to dinner with Buzz Aldrin? Epic! Hope you had a great time...
I think I saw Danielle
Watching Smash. Anjelica Huston is the best.
Somewhere in Italy I lost my ability to drink whiskey...
I'm sexy & I know it! Lol, idk why but I felt like saying that lbs
Dont let ur legs fall off cause if they do u wont be able to dance for ur wonderful fans.
So. I have one more Sunday and one more Wednesday(Institute). AH! :)
Love the throwback uniform
“: You got a down ass bitch, better keep her” please tell me where to find one bro
That fab death come in 3's go hard! I like track 2 the hardest.
Why didn't text me back from yesterday...): sad face.
bye bye love ya as a frnd miss u -huggs- bye
e scrapbook so good....
#typewriters looking for people in Denver who use typewriters for my story today
Had a great day with my kids i love those little girls:-)
should I spread it like wildfire it like a disease? Haha
RT : When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
now to finish my presentation for AAM, go to work, pack, apply for 4 or 5 jobs, and leave for MN next Sat. Doesn't seem like enough time!
Praying for an Arts & Enterainment & Media Reformation!
haha glad you like it! :)
That moment when you taste something you're cooking and realize it is going to be delicious.
We're heading off to the dress rehearsal! Will try to get some good pics....
Grand Rapids or bust. So excited to see old friends and new at the Festival of Faith and Writing!
I hate my life..
I already have an electric mower!
Thank you for sharing!
Our Major League Baseball System Stolen Base has Game 3 of 3. We are in for a monumental payday. Game Changers members it's our time.
RT : Children get recess, but what is your favorite adult downtime activity that helps keep you balanced?
So, is there life after death? Also, how did the chili peppers get those socks to stay on their dongs?
manitaaaa dime ready pa el sabado!!!
wud go to Woodstock.
word yeah shits funny as hell
'Tis the season, UPS screws up yet again. Somehow decided to send something to my old address instead of contacting me.
When You're Walking Directly Behind Someone Walking Super Slow And You're Just Thinking, "GO!!"...
Changed up my username, fitting..
Yes please!
My mom told me that is her favorite and hes cute. omfg.
I fckin love verse in monsters in my head
Summer 2012 registration is now open at audiscover.org Classes include DWC In the Wild: Costa Rica, Video Production, Newswriting and more!
thx for the re-tweet.he found out she was leaving last second and is scrambling for a replacement (so is she).house is epic too :)
Seeing you on tuesday is always a welcome relief you didn't give in to your suicidal thoughts on monday.
I don't care what other girls might say Niall is my FAVORITE boy in One Direction!
RT Night I'm gonna dream and hold the love of my life! See u all tomorrow!
It feels so wrong cuz it feels so right, but it's all right it's okay with me
THE VOICE!!! Woooohoooo
Bob Nightengale from USA Today talking baseball next! Mile High Sports, AM 1510
I spent many dollars that day. (I have eaten all the mochi, by the way.)
And Bhi Bhiman found a new fan tonight. Subversive, funny. And he sings about imperialism. Dude, the first round is on me!
Looking for folks in SD who are bringing their kids to work tomorrow, DM me or call 619-293-1350.
cause u bblack
id love to see the pacers beat them
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. ~Henry Ford
I wouldn't even call it a job for that matter.
love this. :)
What a Perfect Day. No better way to start it than by coming to Blifferts Customer Appreciation Party. FREE LIVE MUSIC, FREE FOOD! C'mon by!
Why this weekend over! It is never long enough...
Law degree! You don't need MFA. Diversify your skills. Spoken from an author with an Econ degree.
hey, guys! Looks like you got hit with that icky spam hacker. Might want to check that out.
I hate people who text you first then won't text you back.
It's gonna be a boring day ever._.
That interview was pretty valuable and informative.
I thought you might like it! :)
I love my guy who is graduating from costal bend college today. Made it out of the streets of duval to a cap n gown.
Finally done filming! 👏👍🎥
Would love too (:
Soulja Boy still exists! #shocking 😳
Come on #NYR!!!!! PLEASE WIN!!
Sure we're not getting some calls but we has to be more aggressive ...on both ends
I'm doing a series of 4x5 film self portraits with the exposure time being dictated by the length of time that I sleep.
yay! I hope it's soon. I need my albino soul mate.
I love today!
I've arrived in twitter land!!!!! Woo hoo!!
Thanks Paul. I'll work on my Florida geography, but am excited to join the wombat migration southward
You said it yourself: Twitter's not necessarily the right medium. And I have way too much shit going on today.
Marshall to the Bears? Shit! We needed him.
aww feel betterr!! what do u have? :(
I'll be there in 45 min. after I wake up
I swear if fanny pak stays and rng leaves i will flip a shit
Trained to go -Literally
First single dance mix being done for clubs ha ha sounds cool, you will hear it soon
TY I am! Just finishing assembly of beautiful shelf unit for my dining room. Hope your weekend it great as well!
Torn. as a native Kansas Citian/ Packers rival I say no, as a cheese lover I say YES.
ahhaha it was a joke
Lucky. What adventures you've had - and to think you get to begin another as a dad..Hope you've got plenty of java on hand ;)
#truth :D
Starting web design for RandomDistribution.com ready to start bouncing ideas off of Fronz and get things set for the first show recording!
What the fuck just happened!!
it took like 3 weeks or so. the guy was great to work with! i highly recommend it!
In the library I just discovered archival materials of a Baton Rouge theatre group from the 1920s. Totally geeking out.
Looks like we will see you in Barcelona as well. Visit us at the Novatel Booth at 1A55. Safe travels!
I know a good theater that few kids go to. I'd tell you where it was, but then that would change.
just launched Current Weather, launching a blog about Mobile Working, creating app company.
Oh yeah! #nuggets FTW! We're taking this to 7!! CC
We'd be spectacular together Michelle. Xoxo
Thanks to our new followers: , , , , and It feels good to make new friends!
Oh how I love Zang Toi! Hilarious surprise to the end of his African queen-inspired show: a svelte Kirstie Alley as the finale model :)
- Whazzup with your Giants!? Gotta score in the red zone! Come on Eli, I'm cheering for you since Aaron isn't playing today!
Tie game!
I hope I'm not on that list - especially since you never IM any more :(
All I ever wanted All I ever needed Is here in my arms
Hey Roberts, cool neck tattoo. Yikes.
wtf? tearing up a little here.
A rikitikitavay if you don't get it you never will
Saw awesome license plate today: SCUBN8R
I hope you're right.
s/o to ! (: #WeGoinToWurk!
Ugh i hate that I have to be at work at 11 today, but the only brightside is I'm not closing!!
Thank you to the newcomers for joining my fan page ~ WELCOME and HAPPY HOLIDAY'S
include the tip in the price and the motivation for good service goes away.
Pics or it didn't happen.
working man working
Retraction, starting today, I will celebrate for 54 days instead.
do you follow me so I can em you
im sorry but is mine.
so wonderful to have you there!
so, my Friday consist of me babysitting my little brother while my parents go out... fun. :D
And the movie just seems illegal. Right?
oh sorry, definitely u can! I'm not trying to say u can't...u never seen Spartacus movie?
RT : Exxon/Mobil earned $18 billion in profits, paid no taxes and received a $156 million tax refund. Republican math is...
Agree RT : “: Matt Flynn is going to be a great #Packers trivia question in about 15-20 years.” so true
Now I'm thinking go to the launch party. #decisionsdecisions What should I do ppl?
Walking at least 2 hours per week lowers diabetics’ mortality rate.
The guy that played Banner in Avengers killed it.
still trying to figure this out
Bam! Just Like That. $.99 Worth a try + first chapters of The Phoenix Apostles
please follow them too much you love yours fan please ¡¡¡¡¡ <3
If Bonds got off, there's no point in this Clemens 'trial.' Hell, have of'm just want an autograph.
<--- Typed nothing about Diller; was Mum's Day Hijinx!
The voice of Luigi in Pixar’s Cars is lending his voice to vote YES for #OneVoice #OneUnion!! Thanks
Chill I'm the best texter out here lol RT : I hate he texts so slow 😞😂
Don't mind me, Im too busy watching #deadliestcatch to care what's going on.
Gd morning loves ;)
I Know Right : )
“: (2:10AM CDT) THIS IS AN OFFICIAL NSK WARNING FOR TUESDAY, MAY 15TH. "No Sleep Kidd" is officially and formally... <<< YAY!!!
O says As long as I'm Pres a bit too often!
MJ on my Pandora...Wednesday, thank you. Thank you very much.
I would go to Galveston, TX for Beach fun in the sun.
need to figure out where I'm living later this year
I want chu to DM me
YOU LEFT YOUR FLASH DRIVE!!!!!
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.
We know Twitter kills verbosity - does it kill depth of expression? Always?
I'll try and hold off On the red carpet
Cathy, did I tell you about my word of the day twitter game? Use the WotD in a tweet, add #definethis. I select winners M-F. Fun!
that was my first impression :/
Thanks! just throwin'some new stuff out there and testing the waters.
He's everything any girl could ever ask for and more.
& WASSUP DUDES? READY TO COME TO KANSAS?
That sequence where Pau gave up the long rebound, Bynum blocked Faried's shot and Pau still let KF score: embarrassing.
This has been the longest week of my life. 2 hours to go until the weekend!
Do you want a 3-D TV or laptop? Why or why not? (And if you own a 3-D device, or just 3-D glasses, snap a pic to ireport+!)
How are you??!! We should do a skirt run in CP as soon as it warms up.
Dang its been raining for a week, need to get out for some cycling
this whole 3D printing thing is blowing my mind.
playing in Nashville this season, give me some DP fav spots around here
I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now iy don't know your dreams, then they can't shoot em down
Will Smith Supports President Obama's Call for Higher Taxes on Top Earners
i think so go check!
Time for morning juicing process to begin... apple, beet, ginger, spinach, lemon and carrots.
Remember when MTV used to be tolerable?...(Neither do I) #90's
have a safe trip & let's go freddie jacobson!!!
Babysittin my cousins! :D
Sometimes I just wanna give up, on everything .
Starting the long ride home. We'll miss the Trance Family we met, but we made fun memories and we will all be together one day again :D
haha oh yea?
you are beautiful.<3
#RemarkableRunners Overweight to Endurance Athlete team all had gastric bypass or lapband surgery - changed their eating, exercise, health
It's coming along...put out an EP a little while back (just some acoustic tracks), and working up some new songs for another...
wait wat happen wat i do
Never forget those who perished on this day, and to those who protect us from the evil doings of others. God Bless the USA!!
Hope you're enjoying the gorgeous day! "Get Up, Get Out & Work Your Body."
I can't believe how humid it is today! Feels 95, not 75. I do not miss Florida.
How was the LAM event? I meant to go but had to work on evaluation instead.
Another day another dollar? No. Today I'm trying to #make_a_difference with this gift called
Listening to some Material Issue before my two favorite NFL teams square off in a meaningless game. Ribs and baked beans baby!
Thx babe.. I will.. Have a great morning! <4 xx RT : sleep well darling <4
Evidently Aaron Sorkin (screenwriter for The Social Network and The West Wing) has agreed to write the new Steve Jobs movie
hell ya! Did you buy any?(: you know you did.
on my left playing every pot. Rest of table is soft.
Enjoying the demonstrations #psf2012. Saw an owl, a robot and a volcano!
About 4 minutes...some Be Curly, Confixor, scrunching and I am out the door.
Just realised my Simple Plan tickets haven't come... It's tonight :s
Did u know: one can not pick frozen pepperoni off a frozen pizza to make it veggie....is that on purpose?
no need to apologize, it's all part of the election excitement !!!
Keep trying bro u know how may of these questions she gets?
Have to say we have the best event planning intern on the planet!
Have a happy day:)
Gorgeous day in Denver. Who is going to be grilling up some bratwurst this evening?
#DavidFreese and #AllenCraig for and , throw in Ryan Howard for all I care...let's make it happen
I would love to go to immersion. When is it? Its I'm Seattle, right? I'll be down there July 28.
we do go way back back to like 8th grade :o
Just got the cutest dip dyed denim shorts ever<3
finally in
Follow my boss up & coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!! Keep in touch xx
Gonna finish watching this last novela n then sleep! Good night twitter bugs :)
Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion
hittin up my crib this weekend
Feel like seeing a movie...any suggestions?
I imagine being in a new place can easily consume your time. Is it hard to find work while overseas? Do you look for local work?
when I try to watch it says: "Video is private"
Debating on going back to Vegas tonight...
Heading over to speak w/ at #LegCon12 press conference, calling on Congress to prevent student loan rates from doubling in July!
Shoutout to the new for celebrating their history - we've got a pretty similar one, and it's quite fascinating. Cheers, guys!
haha! What can I say? My childhood was magical!!!
Bad news about Jermichael Finley! How do you think this affects the Packers' Season?
Relax and recharge
Hey thanks for the RT David!
Trusted researchers who do good work can be elevated to reviewer status to help review work of other researchers. #
#VEVOnewfront. Execs from Digitas and discussing high engagement and social sharing for online audiences.
Exploring tablet and e-reader possibilities, ideally a device that also allows for use w/ Chinese dictionary app's... suggestions welcome.
RT : Every morning I sit on my bed, looking at my closet and think "What would Kate Middleton do?"
What do you mean, "just left"?
Did you know Melissa McCarthy is Jenny McCarthy's cousin? #GG trivia tidbit
Happy Monday!!
Saying G'nite everyone. I've got some writing to do.
Looks like Aldridge is back in the lineup tonight.
we're 4 games under and -30 run diff. Its ok to stop pretending like this team is a contender. Day to day can still be enjoyable
You must keep investing in your career even if it isn’t giving you all you want exactly when you want it.
Too hard to get to in the glove compartment... but the little pocket thingy on my driver's side door is FULL of them!
#healthtip: It is best to buy fresh fruit and vegetables in season for your region.
Luck says communicating to both sides of conflict is important
CONGRATS TO OUR ROCK STAR OF THE WEEK!!!! ****CHAD**** and a special Happy Birthday shout out to our Sales Manager Melanie!
Former colleague had names stored up hoping news org would do this. "Penny for your thoughts." "My two cents."
Thanks! And we're great, she's actually moving in with me =) We finish moving her stuff in tomorrow.
"You'll not change urself 4 anyone...!! BUT you wil be automatically changed when you are addicted towards someone!".....♥
what? even MORE fuckable.
What. A. Fag.
:') okay *Goes Running to your house*
hey, I've been well =)
It's getting to be that time of year when a beanie, hooded sweatshirt and 40 extra pounds of weight isn't enough to keep you warm outside
oh how exciting
I just texted my mentor... What if she's a Flyers fan??? Obviously the question of if she's a rapist doesn't concern me lol
In 1978 James Coburn set a #GuinnessWorldRecord for being paid $250,000 per syllable to speak 2 words for a Schlitz Light beer commercial.
This is the READING room, not for obnoxious conversations or BET Awards.
It's alot of Females who need to feel this way
“: Don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game” deep
Friday's have the opposite effect on me. I move faster and get more done knowing its Friday. But, I still have to work Sat.
Follow me now(:
prime rib
": Football > Basketball #168MoreDays #BoomerSooner" Ill second that !
there's no use tweeting with him. He just doesn't get it lol. It's not worth our time
Any music that just MADE you listen recently? Open to all likes here!
When He's through you won't even have the makes of bondage on your wrists or ankles! Deliverance and healing is pure!
Thanks to the wonderful business professionals at the Huntsville Chamber - biz after hours event tonight - you made a newcomer very welcome!
Great job on the website redesign!
I back in the gym today too. Been a week and a half- yikes!
I am a very complex and multifaceted person... who never sleeps.
Most headshots/most kills. 3 games strait.
thanks! I felt bad about that too!!! LOL ;)
whenever we are having a fucked up day at the office..gonna think about this day..and the groove we had w our fellow #craftbeer lovers
• booing a kid's MLB debut is absolutely ridiculous.
hey, do know if you want to meet us or not. But Cassidy and I are gettin together tomorrow at 12 in the library
my new motto courtesy of : "no boys on valentines day"
Thanks for following! Everyone: This is a great program! Check them out!
No service at Otter Creek yay. Yet another reason to switch to Verizon....
Who's coming tonight to close out the 2011 Meetup season w/? www.meetup.com/Spreenkler
world's #1 home entertainment buying guide says "You'd be hard-pressed to find a better cable for the money". 5Stars Chroma HDMI
thank you Brandon!
What a beautiful day! Enjoy!
#washingtonstategolf There is a new great free golf app out at android and apple app store GolfWashington. Load it on your smartphone.
RT : RT : Congratulations to Dr. Khator, the 2012 Executive Communicator of Year award from IABC....
Pujols went 6/40 last year to start, so I'm not worried about any slow start.
Objection Oriented Programming
I survived Indiana's great sunblock shortage of 2012. Camping in Thrashers Woods after productive day & hitting it early tom.
RT : Neither you nor The Game should return, to be honest. RT : I will not be returning to The Game for season 6.
I do and a bum finger is better than blood on the pants.
New post coming. Tell your mom, tell your friends!
“: Failure is inevitable vikki lee taught that" when you accept failure you become a failure
hi alicce. plz dont feel sad it makes me sad..
msg miami or tampa?
BEA Bloggers Attendee Spotlight: Chicks Dig Books (Jen Congiliando)
This is 1 funeral I really don't want to go to :'(
Teen Titans! 😳
I work at night but I'm free after :)
On my way to bts chillin with bitches and girl LOL !!!!!!! Lmao
“: I'll take goose over ciroc any day...”
Ladies and Gentlemen the people who like to joke with their real life drama:
NAIOP WI DL's had lunch today w Fran Brzezinski of InterstatePtnrs. TY to series sponsor HSI Properties. Mark Irgens is our next guest.
I was logged in as Peter accidentally, I made a comment under his profile!! :-0
Prepare to feel the wrath of
Someone should text me and cheer me up 
Even crime wouldn't pay if the government ran it.
I asked him where he heard that and apparently it's from Inspector Gadget :)
Great rehearsal last night! Polished up some more new songs :)
Grrrrr! That works
Work. Homework. Sleep. Hopefully it goes well :))
I have a car wash to be at in half and hour and i'm still in bed . -_- What's wrong with me .
Sounds like my kinda man.
I don't believe in superstition, but I do believe people can be huge jerks when they don't even know anything about someone.
I worry that focus on "measurable" is too narrow.
I hate spongebob , and of corse, my little cousin loves it
oh and by the way, I hope your gf and your baby know what kind of fuck you are for making me want to die. fuck you asshole
Fact: working out raises your self-esteem #truth. Feeling like a hot momma right now haha
Thanks! Keep up the good work.
#Overheard in rehearsal: Clear vowels is the only thing Latin has going for it - don't deprive it of that!
RT : Fre up www.nfl.com/huddle and sb46.twitter.com for the second half of #EpicSunday (lots of action)
It's hard to believe that I've been up for 3 hours already I feel so dead and sound like an elderly chain smoker.
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday & Wellington was there haha :)
another beautiful day! ice cream is on the horizon for me..
In the edit studio with working on the next classic video directed by
So, should I read the Game of Thrones books?
Your life emerges from the greatest mind & the kindest heart in the history of the universe: the mind & heart of God!
Good morning all! Wishing everyone a happy & blessed Tuesday!
yes!!! I say that to people all the time! xD
Sleep with a Pikachu? ": I woke up and my whole body is static-y, what did I do?"
THE MOTOR CITY IS GOING DOWN DOWN DOWN.
Tonight at 7pm with and at the lab at 7pm. Headlining at 8pm in the main room. Happy mexico!
Open tonight 3rd n stark late night stop for sausages! $3 dollar Beef special. Garlic ketchup, aiolis, a grip of mustards!
It has been over an hour since I have heard an update and the site is still down!
#WhyDoIHaveTo be the one to make this work
From North to South Theys all kinds of Fun :)
yoooo...the troops said you killed!
5- Hate it when guy in front of you tries to get to his seat in the middle of an AB? Had a wall of 6 people blocking my view several times
FYI, Delta delays still occurring despite your tweets! Scotsman and an Englishman walk into an airport...it's like a bad joke!
M....skunk cabbage. It's finally starting to smell like spring around here.
r u having connectivity issue?
I miss already.
"Perhaps I will Stay in yr Time," considered. "Cat's Claw, White Willow Bark: natural alternatives to the Ibuprofen."
Repurposing old library positions for new what's your wish list?
: oh--we wish we could deliver that far! But at least you know where to go when you're in NY!
Speaker available on Upstate New York Genealogy - www.unyg.com
what's your other account I can't find it
oh, Miami! Haha :P Come to New York! It's probably about the same!
I want a cup wen she threw
I am blessed...and when I think about my life within the context that the world is not my world...I am humbled.
how do I disable the thumbnail that selective tweets posts to FB? Help! Thanks!
How cool to see all the #CDFI's tweeting !
God bless you and thank you
I'm starting to think... Those who SAY they got game in fact don't.
i live here, come see me.
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
at 7:30 ? That is when Jerry and I will be back there. If not .. Tell me where U R at 7:30 and we will come there. Ok?
– Thank you kindly for your recent RTs and mentions
How ironic - it is breast cancer awareness month - my mom just found a lump two weeks ago, surgery this week, she's ok! Yea!
Think you can sell? We'll pay you for it! Now hiring in Pittsburgh for Sales Reps. www.trgcs.com/joinus/html
we MAY have saw his house.
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy tiffy~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
Disappointed, i hope Denver pulls out some amazing picks tomorrow
Great! Shoot us an email whenever you'd like to submit!
I don't remember that episode of "Sesame Street."
school. please die
wait, seriously...
I guess this New World Order is inevitable... My world is with Jesus Christ!
Kidney stone surgery today....
You've got to earn your love up in this part of town.
hey (groups) when you switched to 'new format' why did you change my privacy settings? chk your googlegroups 'basic access' settings
Ah yeah-
Clearly off harden
I heart my #KANGEN water.
When old besfriends don't reply to your almost once every few month text < damn.
Wait, banana clip, shoulder bare, scrunchie socks and nkotb earrings in. Now I'm ready for 80s night.
Looking forward to a fantastic new year. I think everyone deserves one right!
That's fantastic! RT Hazewalker: 9 days and no wheat, loss 3 pounds as a bonus.
Senior prom at Tenafly High
Using an "unfollow website" or app to call out people who unfollow you that you never followed in the first place. I don't get it.
no but I drank coffee in it this morning. No spills
#TheMorningJones Bomani - what petition do we need to start to bring the show back
That's what I was wondering!
Happy friday 13th!!! <Oh, scary! :)
Parking lot paving, driveway repair, shoulder grading tomorrow in #Brookfield #Pewaukee #Whitewater #Hartland - Keep an eye out for us :)
♬ 1954 Sun Records release the first Elvis Presley single "That's Alright Mama" & "Blue Moon of Kentucky" ♬
FRIDAY! ... what to do this weekend ...
be confident; but be real...
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Layin in bed sick...
Headed to see if DJ P is really playing records on 39th.
Good Night, I have to get my beauty sleep!
I have no idea what I'm doing with myself anymore.
If u want me to do a studio version cover of Boyfriend the RETWEET this!
King james
Nah. Fear of the unknown is a waste of time. One needs to be nimble in these times.
"Karl Rove Group Claims Its Attack Ads Aren't Political" #huffpost And since you asked, Rove has -never- been in politics!
hbd bud! Gl!
omg, so grateful I haven't missed the chance to grab my books after work tonight!! Thank you!
4/26- join us for to support the We will donate 25% of your check and will match it $ for $!
Going to catch lunch, so will won't take you up on ur generous offer yEs, we are go!
Come to the Kennedy's for your haircut! Call 407-333-9411 to find out more and for great deals!
as wade stands there
u have an interesting name!
Cracked screen replacement
your not bout that life
I can not attend the mall Saturday to meet people for tickets BUT remember to be there at 5pm to see the other buttfaces!
oh I might come say hi! :-) I'm still at school just got out
Africa Teacher Foundation Presents AFRICAN VIBES
Had a long day
he's on craack or some.
Do you live in the district that you want to represent? We can ask every day until nov. if you want.
Just stumbled into your blog. Everything on there is GOLD!
These words you are saying; I know them and I didn't even have to look them up first. :P
How big is your vocabulary?
My account keeps saying "Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Try logging out and in again." What's the deal!?
i wanna be a whore just like you! wouldn't that be cool!?!?! .. Lol.
I recently attended the International Retained Search Associates fall conference...overall attitude/confidence was up from our spring conf
yep me to really excited!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!
I get 2 see my love today!!!!! Ahh! So excited!
I was going to vote for myself for jagoff after giving that first game loser stat and getting our hopes up, but I have...
Taking the boat out for the first time this summer.:)) and going to visit both sets of grandparents. <3
love your passion for equal rights. You're right Christianity is about LOVE and GOD. The greatest gift of all!!
- no kidding! We are in a damn dome! It is not slick!
Working on our roof. So loud. But soon no leaking ceiling! Tho stuff keeps falling on the A/C - that can't be good.
Are you a travel agent/agency?
Nunez still has to make up another run from his error
we Gucci ;)
Thanks for the great coffee! RT : Thanks for hosting #smbmsp40!
Steve Blake hits 3 threes and starts trending?
I heard he's releasing a new LP where he whistles the dying song of a near-extinct Galapagos Swallow
there's rumors about harry actually being gay wut
elite tv is interviewing interns for Radio n television producers, radio personalities, and show bookings inbox for info.
good job keep going
freaks me out
Probably piada today!
#Diversity's strength is the ability to #Unite people of different backgrounds around common principles |
Ohh my bad
It's that time of week again, all you can eat for $31. The highest quality AYCE sushi in Chicago. Period.
south of the border?
need you help..... please comment your answer for a big bet!!! how many pets do you have????
Amos St Germain -- recalling Snow's claims that scientists & humanities types work & think differently, can't and won't meet
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
The JLo Kohls TV spots need to stop, please!
I'm about to try Zumba for the first time and I'm doing it in a group class at Chesapeake. This was probably a bad idea...
But who picked chicago to win it anyway right? looks like bos vs heat in conf finals
definitely agree for the long run
he needs to live in fast forward like we do
#FF she is an amazing Actress! she also is very sweet, and very gorgeous, so go follow her she's incredible :)
Peter is so whack. #RHOA reunion
well neither do the other band mates... I think I'm all alone on this one.
"It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know."
theirs a few guys who dont agree with my style throwin it at me, YUP they Cliff Lee wit it now
I mith you. (when typing mith it came up mitherfucjer, I suck at typing when I'm drunk and angry)
More love for new Tweeps
Which local Chinese do you recommend? I haven't found a great place yet.
ThMorUKno: The Book of Revelation is as much (or more) a political statement as religious. (Thru imagery, author take shots at the Romans.)
I won two of three of my pools. Even so, my 2012 men's bracket might not even make my top five women's brackets of all time, including 2012.
Not sure I really needed to see Landon Donovan shirtless in his post-game interview. Other dudes' chest hair is pretty distracting.
Car sales at Ford Motor Company were up 8 percent; Focus was the biggest seller with sales up 78 percent during this period.
guess who's back? this girl!
it was #greatTV!
hey handsome!
#Indy Rainmakers provides opportunities to network, learn and improve the bottom line. It's still up to you to follow through and connect.
no we live in dallas. We just playing some shows in cny! How bout u?
"When I was younger and they asked me to pick a number between one and ten I couldn't even get that right."
Weekend off to a good start. A W for Bobcats
ok i will
All I want to do is watch Disney movies now..after live countdown of course!
. ha. yeah good point.
It takes two to speak the truth - one to speak, and another to hear
RT when some one try's to to explain what the did wrong this is what you get.uh,oh,um,um,ya,no,maybe,ok it was his all his idea.
This evening, be sure to let my playlist help you wind down. Let me know what song is your favorite!
#Ali, Shadows of the Pomegranate Tree. 1st of 5 novel series on Islamic history traces the brutal fall of Muslim Grenada through one family.
meh. not that interested in it...it just says ongina followed by to the right of my timeline. thought id ask. :d
Brian Earl Spilner. Sounds like a cop name. Are you a cop?
AND HE SOUNDS SO GOOD.
it was decent, had a tough session Saturday, but about to go on vaca so hopefully that helps. Call u Thurs :-)
I'm about to rip mine up! which 2 you miss?
k twitter i am back from my nap! :)
I tend to agree. I wonder what engine they are actually using?
Lets go Lakeshow.
ik it sucks. But what u were saying earlier about just……. were u being serious?
You're welcome! I was "listening in" on #edchat and enjoyed seeing what everyone was sharing!
hahaha thanks but no im not, you are and take it i hate my accent hahaha-___-<3
But it's not worse! RT : boesch's plate discpline hasn't improved ….
cost of a billboard
how did it go this morning?
well shut da front door.... Look who decided to join us
Also, is dead?
Draft #2 of EP mixes is in!
Share a smile today;-)
That's funny!! RT : Bring on the unpaid in the final
Certainly! I am just catching up with our standings! This year I'm following more sports than politics.
post ride burrito with my kids is always a good call. plus i like to help a cycling sponsor when i can.
Thanks for checking in Have a great trip!
haha okay:) I will:)
Science class was funny today!!😂 K.L.'s umbrella broke 1 of the fish tanks!🐟🐠(there were only 2 fish in there but we saved them)
I hear my name Repeating like a prayer Within the chambers of the early morning air
RT Kevin, hey (former) neighbor. Ashley I looked for your pic and hoped to connect. Yes, Let's slide!
WE LOVE AUSTIN !
- I just saw your suggestions now - thanks!!! - I'll be sure to mention u once I check them out!
One more quirky cliched phrase
Coffee and beef jerky
you have a cell phone or something
First a mediocre coffee from Barista Fair Trade, now a soul crushing cup of Nespresso. Never forgetting to bring my coffee grinder again
You call them Haters. I say they're Sand Castle Kickers.
Dear cable companies - it's 2012, I think the technology exists to equalize the volume on all the commercials you air. Look into it.
yes! It's the best.
What are the odds that you reading this tweet? 1 in a million..? :)
that's the same thing ==>Just givng the pussy up
Rightly said, same here.
It's sad how people do cancer jokes. Its cruel. Cancer is no joke. and for sure not funny.
#vsa2011 the closing session already?!? Time flues when you're having fun! What a great first VSA!
Must be nice for Ohio State to get a virtual home game as an 8 seed.
Prom Is Next Week !
The caricature was Bob Sirott!
Stay with your friend if they’re going to throw up. Look for signs of alcohol poisoning like slow or irregular breathing.
State Farm Life® Introduces New Joint Universal Life Product
you doing "Little Red Corvette" or "Might Real" has nuances. Palin is NO Sandra Bernhard! Lol
I would like for everyone else to stop claiming that they have the best mom in the world, because it is well-known that my mommy is da best!
Ohh...a cocktail sounds great right about now....even if it is too early! Happy Weekend to you too~
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind :)
Happy #Easter :)
I'll always protect people. I know what it's like and I will fight for ppl.
taking cardboard load to recycle container
Another Reason to Consider Document Scanning: Reduce Storage Costs.
Apparetly I load offers to my and never see the statement credits!
A fast paced lifestyle can take its toll on the health and appearance of Americans.
they will definitely lol “: Lakers might get swept!”
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Why do you love and ?"
#boxing Mayweather will never beat Pacquiao. Never!
holy poop. Friend of your bros......holy followers woman! I am not worthy!
Rabbit au vin with Swiss chard, baby carrot, confit shallots...chefs tasting menu today for only $25
I almost tweeted a bunch of #FF mentions. You can clearly see where my head is today. :)
Not till Wednesday technically, but it's my birthday week. :-)
Gain clarity & map out exactly what brings u authentic happiness. Retune ur brain & surround yourself w/ things that u love!
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness & love. ~ William Wordsworth
Are you thinking of converting to Mexicanism?
Thank you #CLE for a great weekend. Book with us for bottle & transportation deals. Special Thanks to
thanks, Joel! It was perfect.
Ridin to my bro #WeekendAtBurnies One Life
are you following #NYUdebate? hopefully... Ron Shiffman's got good stuff to say! (and stay tuned for more from him at NVP!)
i swear they rep cali to the fullest 400000000000000000
“: I swear i'm just sitting here waiting for you to call.”sorry I musts fell asleep:/
#20ThingsAboutMe 18) I hate being stared at but I stare at people.
I listen to too many love songs lol
Justin Turri just got hat trick
Customer Testimonial: 311 saved me from having to run around back and forth. They gave me all the information that I needed with one phone c
It use to be about doing Something, now it's about being someone.
Pierce Brosnan iceberg para-surfing on a tidal wave. Forgot how much I love James Bond Movies. LOL
My Speech and Discussion classes: Be ready with your 2 minute Golden Week speeches for the next class. :)))
DRINK. RT What to do when you give a party and honored guest winds up in ER before party begins?
This song nasty but it's funny too lol..I like it ;)
Defense asking for recusal of D.A. Dumanis in Sweetwater case. (VIA )
Thx for the follow. We've seen your wines performing well in a few of our BC clients. Congrats! Cheers!
Emily Owens looks decent on The CW.
Thank you so much for your support of the and 's first Early Bird drawing! Ticket sales were incredible! Stay tuned for more
Here we go aain! RETWEET this for a chance to win FREE Tickets to our show June 15th! with Fuel
Make it a God Day..He Rocks!!
Lmaoo! He's Going To Hell :o
Same deal here.
Thanks, We're all getting excited and can't wait
no, because you'd be the worst winggirl ever LOL.
I hate social networks, can't stand them.
Yea-haw Jester's dead. No he's no, he was a bad-ass heavy on #Justified tonight. Harlan County > Detroit!
Next time I'm on facebook, I'm going invisible. This boy is a stalker.
haha thank you!!
Are you hosting the L.O.L Comedy show tomorrow at the Nile?
this dude in my class was just so embarrassed when he got called on and forgot what he wanted to say
this face :) is a fake smile most of the time
I got so many RT's on the OM&M lyrics lol
it was a little obvious
We appreciate your support!!! ^___^
haha hey;) where were u?
yesssirrr you already know we did it big again...miss you my dude. Get back down here so we can get that taq queso
At the Empire State Building. Security is tighter here than at Tri-Cities Regional Airport
g00d morning there's always time to dance!!
Um is it just me or does the rap parts of beiber's "boyfriend" sound just like the gall bladder rap? yes.
Very proud of the work my #unrbrand students did this semester. Some of them far exceeded my expectations.
The enlightenment of quality control philosophies - from Feigenbaum to Juran
ariel and i went to keith's earlier. lol.
am now lol
Thanks Janet!
Headed to Heart for delicious coffee!
Keurig coffee maker in the office. Add this to the list of reasons why I'm a happy intern here at
lol....for some reason I imagined you punching the computer screen
i need to release some stress man ...... ;)
What will take my students 2-d designs of guitars and make them 3-d. Any ideas o wise brain trust?
“ Life right now <”
Happiest Birthday ! Thank you for being an amazing & for keeping things interesting! May there be a lot more interestingness ahead!
oh, i've seen some hot tee's i'ma cop for June, July, and August! time to step my game up!
Executive Director Susan Danish: "We must develop more #juniorleague women as community & civic leaders"
I love that idea! RT : All 4pm Friday meetings should come with an adult beverage. Make it so.
Lol I keep tearing up when I look at that baby. Darn him lol
i'm bummed that disney made it, only because it probably won't be close to honest about the real walt. still stoked though.
woman I'm panicking
Nice 9,2,6,2 double play by the #Indians to end the inning. Twins lead 3-0 so far.
‏ Thanks for the follow! We appreciate your support.
thanks Haleigh! :D
what are you in the city for?!
Overtime Tune In For Real And Raw Sports Talk In 45 Mins Only On GoMileHigh.Com!!!
Sometimes I really feel like what I have to say is important. This is not one of those times.
HI FRIEND
Yep RT: Great conflict of the Big Dance: I have Mizzou in Final 4. But how can I root against Norkfolk State now?
yes I would lol.
my condolences. Thoughts and prayers with you.
looks like a fab Friday to me
your probably on the plane or in Miami now, but I hope you have a great time! Do they have subway there?
#sect #astrology #STAR night sect "mates" = moon, venus, mars. mercury's sect is determined by whether it rose before or after the sun.
#6WordSciFiStory - Oh My God! Earth is gone!
The only thing that makes it a part of your life is that you keep thinking about it.
That would be very cool. I'm really looking forward to Innocent Darkness!
Happy mothers day, to all the mothers out there!
Apparently Judiciary Square is the hot new dance spot for DC. We're going to have to look into creating a Price Benowitz dance team...
let's this week! Thursday evening Radha?
Ergo. U cant use bond $ for salaries. But by being smart on targeting bonds
“Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about things we cannot see.”(Hebrews 11:1, NLT)
Only one c is necessary in necessary.
Cerus Corporation (NASDAQ:CERS) announced that its second quarter 2011 financial results will be released on July 28, 2011 at 4:15et
Congrats to Sounders! Open Cup champs for 2nd straight year!
I don't give a sh*t - go home and play with your kids!
dude u check ur txt?
The dial tone of a normal telephone is in the key of "F"
My head has been pounding all day long...side effects!
Cleveland is the city that come from so run, run
Back into FMA on Blu-Ray. Epic Winry FTW
We are back in the office today after being offsite for our TBRI training last week. If you ordered DVDs last week, we will ship them soon!
Cool to see #LAPL branches like and using social media to promote reading and community evolvement!
Just gonna be watching 's live chat for the next hour...couldve have a friend over but right now Ari's more important!
SHOWCASE SUNDAYS! NOW LOOKING 4 SAN ANTONIO'S FUNNIEST COMEDIANS & RECORDING ARTIST....COME PERFORM ON THE LIVEST STAGE IN TOWN 210-823-9448
Lack of communication amongst doctors is a huge problem.
this is the girl I was expecting the first time.
The goal is to make school so boring that the only thing left for students to do is learn. We're almost there!
if one direction and ed sheeran did a song together i think there would be to much perfectness for me to handle
Congrats on the new awesome show!! yay!! Go Jennifer!!
I just caught myself singing "kissed by a rose" -seal Wow
I can't believe I actually got my room done ugh looks amazing <3
Don't forget get about the #Earthdaybikeparadepgh ;)
. -- Re: #immigration, we need to get rational about this.
I enjoyed your interview on #vokle! I design custom #qr codes for the #Sacramento region. I may have to check out your book
Already using scroogle, now to disenGooge step by step and see how far I get. Now about that droid, hrm..
Join us for Forensics Today with the South Bend Crime Lab at the Centre Branch on April 5th at 1pm. Pre register online or call 251-3700.
Always be positive
"If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it." -- Anthony J. D'Angelo
Y'all grilling?
Well, wise girls will be #lonelyforever - Love without reservation & listen without thinking and he'll want to stay
"You look like Neil Simon (sic) at a Red Sox game."
What part are you on or are you finished?
Congrats and for finishing the Baltimore Running Festival 5K!
we changed our profile pic. to a GIF!!! lol
UC class of 2016: confirm your admission and apply for housing by MAY 1st!! That's two days away!!
Media archaeology is like an affordance; theory as affordance: making things happen. ~Parikka
..A 14 year old girl broke into Josh Hutcherson's house and tried to cut of his leg because Peeta loses his leg..what?
i went to the gym .. then tbell .. and now laying in bed !
Mom sent me some badass deer salami : )
GET IT
Today is Pig in a Blanket Day. We’ll clean one blanket per family for FREE if you drop off today & tell the CSR you saw this.
RIP Harry Crews. Your novels changed the way I look at trailer courts, amputees, and bathtubs--or at least that particular combination.
Nice. I'll head down there after this beer.
@ 112k at 1st break. Avg 150k. 144 players remain. Starting table already broke. Current table seems decent.
Sometimes a woman is angry at one man, and takes revenge on everyone else ...
And it just jumped a foot. AH.
I'm watching that same shit!
Did your dad dig our burgers?
Greg Maddux and Mike Maddux..wow
My dude I'm so bored ;o
Awesome!! See ya there, stupid! :P RT : Guess who's going 2 Comic Con this year?! That's right, moi!
It might just be me but I find #dueapp 's UI not so much unintuitive as just plain wrong. Doesn't work as I would expect.
“: Just signed up for the retreat that is speaking at Lighthouse Church - The troubles with Jesus May 4-6” Great!
Split firewood and went snowshoeing this morning ... now it's time to write!
idk, just anywhere would be better then where I live haha
how yuh been??
If you haven't heard the song Letter to Me by Brad Paisley, you are 100% missing out.
I'm having the same thoughts. RT : Nice read. Just told my wife today no football for our son.
shoot us a mail at and we'll get back pronto!
Yes! This is also why it pays to follow people in various international time zones.
then why do you still insist on tweeting about it then....
One person can never control the social media on campus
We only got 3 2bed/2baths left so make sure you come in tomorrow
Totally agree, still find it fascinating ... I am someone who always gets suckered into buying ' cute' food...
Sure thing. Let us know if you have any questions.
Day 6: Thankful for cool, cloudy days that are perfect for curling up on the couch with a good book. #gratitude instagr.am/p/SWg56/
So far, Newt is winning the Big Bill demagoguery contest!
Overcast, windy but warm here in Vegas, a great day to write, edit and #live! :D Have a great weekend to all!
Interviewed some awesome applicants today who can't wait to begin their Adventure! What are you waiting for?
Oh goodness what I get my self into...
yup RT : myPOV: Companies have more data than they know what to do with as it is - too few people know how to action it
Just had a happy thought, I'm on celluloid!! In the digital age who knew!? So giddy about being an extra, bumped to actor in a real FILM!
Was great - excellent line-up, you missed some good presentations!
congrats Nina.. Would love to have you come talk to CVC cc
Im like a rain cloud forming in your brain, my lyrics melt faces like the rain in spain
my father in law and dad are both like that!
Looks like I'm the only #superluser not @ PAX: Dev or PAX. Yay for me.
I'm scared I'll never get to hear 's voice ever again. that would be terrible.
that was back in my blackberry days, I am an apple man now.
you're welcome (:
RT : RT : Life is a gift. Treat urs as such ;)
This is like the third time Jeter is coming up to hit.
Where is that from?
thanks bro, I feel ready this week
Pregnant ladies scare me .-.
I Want You To Follow Me So Bad:) PLEEEAAASEE? <3
M Thor. Now casting friends to be The Avengers with me for Halloween.
Okay I'm doing q&a on my fb
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic "Party to Crash"! Now on i-Heart Radio... +750 internet radio stations!
You should come see us at the Battle of the Bands @ The Venue 42
Shoutout to 's_Simmons for making such a remarkable album :-)
Im scared of the dark!
Struggling with the structure of the essay I'm writing, this is so stressful. Also, sick so I feel like shit today and can't even sleep :(
#JPM Shareholder: Mr. Diamond, should board members be also serving on board of NY Fed Reserve Board; It seems like a conflict of interest..
Since four years ago. LOL! I have pictures on fb, lol.
what the BUCK!
Modeling today... will share with new pics soon =]
hahaha you know them ?
pumpkin doe?? where da caramel mochioto???????
Just like that!
good sleepy time tweethearts!
Not sure. I would think not. You could always try though
lucky u i love cheese lol
I can honestly attribute it to you both! :)
Erik from Sir Speedy has a new Marketing Blog. You could be the first to 'follow.' Since he currently has no followers...kinda sad....
I hope you're safe with all of the severe weather going on down there!
Bet low rivers. He calls and leads out 9 river 2/3 pot, I raise big, and he tanks 5 min and then folds 88 face up: (
"Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts." ~Charles Dickens (born 2/7/1812)
Tom Brokaw in the house
Thanks for tips to prep studio for collector visits - Merry Christmas!!!
I'm afraid to say that installing blinds is not one of my strengths.
that he puts ketchup on everything
I always sence when people try to get me jealous.
don't fuck this up
I need a personal trainer ASAP!! How do you loose 20 lbs in one week ugh
What's You Radio Phone Number?!?!?!?!?
Rushers Rule The KCAs
I was at the last game of the season and I remember you came over to the visitors dugout to throw your hat. I was front row!
Can we get John Anderson on Twitter already?!
you are to funnyy bitch!!!!
We can park free, sit anywhere, have a full meal free, and receive all the membership benefits...even if we don't attend regularly.
now begins another marathon broadcast day for Entercom Communications stations in the Central Time Zone :>)
Had a nice night and some good laughs
I believe that our Country's #debt is a national security issue. My plan deals with our debt head-on. Let's make NC great again!
Nice! I need to add that one to our list!
Our daughter learned how to say "Mama"...too cute!
#MyNextRelationship will be fully put together by God...My own doings got me nowhere.
i just beat summer pignic with 3 stars on all levels!:D
At Red Robin!!!
National Coalition for Core Arts #artstds live chat on 1/24 @ 1PM EST re: new #CommonCore standards in the Arts. via
not enjoying this band right now
Im tired, but i dont want to sleep ahah
Appreciate it bro. Can't wait til we're on the same bench together! These things gotta happen every 5, 10 years. LOL
What do pregnant HOES and burnt toast have in common?? If you would have pulled it out a little earlier, Everything would be good.
#nf Go Follow
Seriously I can never catch a break...when is this ever going 2 end?!?!?!
3. Anything you can wrap in a tortilla
That Kevin and Winnie didn't get married on The Wonder Years.
Luv ya in JL. Team Mike
Awww yeah! Raspberry. That's my jam.
I wasn't always this way. I was very negative and a huge bitch. I had to go thru something that broke me to finally wake up.
At the bruno mars and janelle concert
I miss the old J.D... PLEASE COME BACK!!
“: Bobby Petrino is out at Arkansas”
#What2ChainzWouldsay whatcha thank of my necklace?
"would you ever date a fan?" One Direction "yes" Me: WORDS WILL BE JUST WORDS TILL YOU BRING THEM TO LIFE.
“At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet
Having trouble voting? Call our campaign office and we’ll help! (415) 875-9990.
Hello! Yes I am!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you to everyone who has assisted me in my learning. Have a great day.
are you saying you're part of that 52%?
We're updating the website-- FRESH CONTENT is on the way!
It's been almost 10 years since I've had tv & longer since I had a land line. But I worry I'll soon get triple played on my internet rate :o
No way to put it delicately. D Wade and LeBron James really shit the bed here at the end
We Formed A "New" Religion ~
such gross neglegence on your part publishing that Too Short piece. Is this the example you want to set for young boys?
Not a restaurant! I'm semi-retired, chef-wise, so it's envisioned as a pop-up dinner series. Less overhead & stress. :)
RT : can't stop thinking about that chocolate bacon Donut. Turned my frown upside freaking down. Best boss eva
Jeanne Weinkle & Don Leeper are representing BookMobile at #toccon. If you want to get a hold of them, let me know & I'll make it happen!
Out of work early. ^_^
you're addicted to working? I'm impressed :)
This new Gentleman Jesse lp is pretty damn good.
Ex-Arab League boss vows reform, dismisses Mubarak link
Yeah I'm sure the dogs are ok.. #ThatsMyDad and his buddy, they're out in the garage drinking beer & singing along with the radio...
As usual..my band get's fucked over..I guess people don't think we care, but guess what..
Reconnect with your God today- with your heart and your spirit- He is still there. :)
me and my friends are seriously going to do that. And we are going to play on the bouncy balls.
that one annoying person who tweets every 5 seconds and fills your wall.
Just twisted the best stick ever. Might just frame it and hang it on my wall.
Saw BULLY last night. I hope all those ignorant school officials were let go sans pension. They should all rot in jail!!
Its ok I STILL LOVE U
please tell your mom "take care and everything is gonna be fine ;)" from me please :)
You got me. It looks like fun.
Nice surprise Saturday visit from and the lovely
lol u should check sodahead.com ppl put interesting comments about you !!!
he didn't just say that...wow
Ke$ha must have terrible teeth from brushing her teeth with Jack Daniel's every morning.
what kinds o leads and where? always sounds suspect 2 us...
ah, link me! We should do an exchange! :D
yup, but Bulls will miss Deng no doubt, but that's where the depth comes into play. Bulls are an elite team now.
I dunno bro- Giant burning orbs of matter, light years away, totally define my character and tell my future.
I'm going to be in Houston tmrw so we can make this right lolol
The people with the biggest hearts, always suffer the most.
I've been thinking about something Egyptian or tribal.
you're beautiful, and tomorrow is a new day. cheer up and find the good that exists in every situation
I turned down shots & I'm not that hungover. I'm proud of myself haha
Rainy day at the #farmersmarket. One FREE #cookie or #cupcake with purchase.
Our liberties we prize and our rights we will maintain
I really hate cliche sayings… It makes me wonder why you couldn't think of something original… Something that's your own
correction, I watched it and and we're "just in the living room" the whole time.
no question!
Woke up at 5:30 for #blackfriday shopping at Macys, Prudential and Newbury st... I'm sleepy already!!!
Happy Election Day! Go out and use your power to vote... Make it happen... Every vote counts every time.
are ur shoes unisex or only for boyz? because i am thinking of buying and i dont wanna buy a boyz shoe
If all goes as planned, I'll leave for Ohio State August 1st!!!! 
#boohoo toilet paper at warren is worse
Shit cracks me up when my dad tries to act professional putting on those fake ass coke bottle frames, that work shirt with 2 buttons missin-
I am great now that I have my #someday and just watched #neversaynever ... hey #getatme ;)
Watching "Contraband"
That's awesome! Keep up the great reading. :-)
representing this morning
I thought the same thing. The Movie is well produced & visually appealing, but tends to drag... some scenes go on a bit too long
awkward as a turtle.
Love that book and the series!
great movie...I got that..I was scared in the movies...what you been doing with yourself...
I just heard about the salted fish crate!!! You remembered!!! What a wonderful man you are. I cannot wait to see it.
It is our experiences that mold us into who we are… during times of adversity our true character will show.
DM us details and links - we would be happy to take a look.
