Ask yourself this question: "Will this matter a year from now?"
Follow & RT this for your chance to win a VIP table tomorrow ...The Strip's Newest Hotspot
she is thinking of you and loves you that is why she appeared in your dream.
Wiping my hands with all that BS!
Know whats great about dropping 20llbs. Being hot again. you know what sucks?! Looking like an idiot in the clothes that don't fit anymore.
Love it! So proud of you! RT : Feeling real good about the events of the day so far.
Did you know? Dogs have two times as many muscles to move their ears as people.
So much fun at event spending time with old friends, making some new ones, and enjoying the gorgeous view from
Have said this before and will say it again. Collaboration breeds creativity. It's just that simple.
#nowplaying Graduation, Vitamin C
let's make it happen Sal!!
Nice find! This is really cool. I know a lot of devs who are moving toward a philosophy like this.
Terrible foul.
Looking forward to final day of Reimagine:ed. Wondering what great ideas cohorts may showcase?
i'm so excited to see it, i'm going to watch it an hour!!!!
Just blasted through first set.. almost caught up to 16 yr old evan.. lol #sad 270lb set
What's with all the crazy storm weather?
First thought upon viewing the ferret cam "How cute, they're wresting. Oh..wait... no"
im geeked and its not even 9
he should have a sweet ass ride #ridindirty (:
My dude give me too much crap about bein on my phone lol thats the good thing bout him goin home today lol
Just finished a great photo shoot at some amazing locations!
O I know people love turning words around here.
I am in control of my thoughts, everything I want is mine! Not then, but now! I AM! I am in control!!!
Working title for a new project idea is "unlit cigarettes" - realizing that I am going to have Wilco on continuous mental loop as a result.
So tired. So dreading work at 7am. But SO looking forward to tomorrow night. OMGIANTS.
Better have those dancing shoes on! Females love to dance ;) haha
Eating lunch at the oldest tavern in america, est. 1674. Across from Goat island.
haha, yep :) also, I haven't seen you since charlie's party! Can we please change that!! I need more Arkansas stories :)
LOL...me and Amanda Christensen. (itsblondie) ...but me having a baby, oh man LOL LOL LOL
&uarr; LOOK Phone Voice Recorders Protect your home
RT : On that note #NeverArrive, -- dudes are the beats from yo new project yo own..? Coz them beats are hard blessings
It's a damn shame when you use your kids to get sympathy from people
DC lunch meetups are the best!
Some places in this nation do not appreciate music very kindly!
It's just the beginning my dear.
You're welcome(: & How did you get so many followers? Like last time i talked to you you only had like 900 D: help me?
#32 Altman wins award for best walk-up music. Hendrix - All Along the Watchtower.
Media: Check your in-boxes- We just sent out a news release
Now tweeting about the Best Coffee in Fort Wayne in 140 characters or less! Welcome to the Twitter page of the Mocha Lounge!
I Tweet To Express ... NOT Impress !
Oof. So full of paella.
in an act of insane love-me and the dk fanclub- and amanda -are waitlisted sunday at 4- can you please show favoritism?
and how many rings?
definitely yours. Hi Melanie.
send me your address my man.
Thanks again! Good day all around.
Oh thats cool mine is the 25th :)
awww I'm glad
GOOD JOB :) so proud of you cutie ;)
you have no idea how much I love you! <3
lol yeah but I always watch his 5/6 one(:
I love that picture :') !
madee a 95 on my first AP exam thouu
RT : The one clear message from UWM's hiring of Geiger as AD: School is serious about future of its athletics program.
Just walking the entire PGA Expo. Feet tired, but some good stuff coming out soon in 2012
Happy Its Almost April (:
Had a great time in San Francisco. Heading back home to SoCal!
about to be at w/
In austin now for 20 years, 2222/Mopac same location for 17 years, Family owned and the owner is there every day!! Fresh healthy food!!
yeah... I WISH I was kidding! haha
Primary; actual Singapore curriculum. Beginning training next week
5miles #Done; 9 miles total for the Day #motivated!
Watching After Chelsea...she's filthy, love it...
wuz that?. o.o
They got police officers from all over california in stockton to help get the crime levels down
Sleep flow
don't like country much, but love this song
"enemies of reality"
even better.
Just an FYI: The movie 30 Minutes Or Less is HYSTERICAL. U definitely nd 2 rent it. On another note: my BF's nvr seen 40 Yr Old Virgin SMH
Born and raised. Nice to virtually meet! Let's keep in touch. Would love to hear more about your work.
There's too much walking in bloomington...
It is a great motivator and the students love getting credit for choosing the book. I want those kids to then booktalk the book.
What's your website? Does it list the program schedule for this month?
I'm puerto rican and 100% being
Glad to Graphic Designer job at Potawatomi listed in the top 5! This is replacing me and I can vouch, its an awesome team!
Va to Pa Yall Look For that!!!!!!!
This show is really disturbing..
Tired as f***
we NEED. To hang out! Maybe I should get a tat :)
Living life in the fast lane!
Oh, you. Funny little you.
Want us to follow you? Tweet about us telling people to check us out and we will follow you :))
The sky is falling.. The sky is falling.. whoops, my bad.. that's just rain.. I remember rain..
such good and interesting things going on at BHL. thx again
Hi there! All is well! On my way to Michigan for a film fest this weekend. How are you?
and now it is time for the percolator.
Creepy... unless it's some sort of electronic maid like in the Jetsons, in that case sign me up.
Blake is on fire 🏀🔥
My 3 skills: 1) think creatively 2) manage complex tasks over long time 3) learn how to learn.
The spurs are so good in every position
I'm glad I found you too! Thanks for the follow and the tweets!
No keep it!
Oy... Listenin to my mother sing along (horribly if I may add) with the O'Jays on the BET Awards. Save me... -.-
we will, we will.
"I'll take years off my life before I take life off my years." I'm in love with this CD. And music in general.
Looking for an atmospheric and evocative film for the weekend? Check out "Paris," a beautifully shot homage to the City of Light.
In #PawSox debut, #RedSox newbie Scott Podsednik was 1-for-3 with 2RBI (single and sacrifice fly). Team seeks sweep at 12:05 tomorrow.
If you're in highschool please let me know so I can unfollow you !
Just finished making a standing desk, so's I can join the revolution...
fuck you I gives no fuck what you talking bout lol talk to me when you can play on normal in mvc3
oh yea?like a boss?
THANKS :) sorry late tweet reply, alot goin on at the house. <3 you to for the
Red Sox pitcher Jon Lester pitched his 2nd complete game of the season, He allowed 1 ER, 8 H with 6 K in win over Mariners
Erykah Badu will be checking in with within the hour! What questions do you have for her?
I'll be there!!! RT : If you are going to be at or watch the Nuggets vs. Cavs game tomorrow can we get a retweet in here!
I can play it... Maybe ;)
If you aint fucking, with me you got issues!! Hahaha
A special "hello" to They've got great things planned in #mobile #banking & #finance, and we're very happy to be part of it!
What are you doing tgis weekend?
“Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.” Soren Kierkegaard (1813-1855) Danish philosopher and writer
thankyou+ done:)x
True Love When a Guy Cries for His Girl
a superbowl MVP shouldn't be a spokesman for a local ambulance chaser
Add mention he can take u anywhere any time
Sounds good Steve...
I used leave in cond., hair wax, gel, hairspray and scrunch spray...its a lost cause
YES! I also can't keep from watching movie trailers and noting how incredibly self-aware many of them are.
And finally @ 6:48 loco #125 pulled last OB trip of the hour.
#Predecessor is such a derogatory term for a "nobody!"#PunxsutawneyRomney has no balls, has others do his dirty work, like Bain Zombies!
good looking!!
still new to this lol! W/ that said those r my 5 tweets for the next 2 months peace!
Proof positive that all is fair in love, war and politics...I once charmed someone. It didn't last long.
asdfghjkl D: waaaaaah, omg im gonna die D: & yes ._.
One who has the reputation of an early riser may safely lie in bed until noon
I feel like the girl at the bar that been there to long
Y'all didn't hear it, but the POTUS said, "...and I slam it when I'm done and make sure it's broke!" when he finished the speech
no idea lol
ladies if you love your man show him you finest #grind up on that pole ;; show um how you #ride it
#HSFB Stat of the Day answer: Lawrence HS (Kansas) with 31 undefeated teams including ties. De La Salle has had 18 undefeated teams.
The Moby Dick Van Dyke Show
Opened LONG $USDCAD @ 1.02336; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
Boys being mean to girls.... ? I mean come on dude, we're not #InMiddleSchool anymore... Geez... :/
I hope Neil Young will remember.
Lunch panel w/ and discussion on how to make sense of the plethora of data available #DSum12 via
At the shop bored as hell
every girl wants that summer romance.. ❤☀👙
Especially since I have been the one evangelizing path to everybody including u...lol.
Way to go!! #UC2016 : Just finished my math placement test!
Happy new year!!
Don't got shit else to say...lol
goodnight kids
Portland is too small.
Darrell Issa: dumb as a bag of hammers, will lead House Oversight Committee. Like Howdy Doody leading NASA.
RT Wow, NC - really??? That's messed up. cc
Thanks for the head's up mike! Looking forward to it
For the longest time I thought Data from the Goonies said, "those potted yester-rags," my wife has told me it's actually "polyester rags."
Doesnt look good for Bellarmine Knights.
Go home
Haha. The joke's on them: I use altavista and dogpile!
YOU were!!!!! DM me your info! RT who was your 700th follower??
Not sure icing is good. Think heat is better as I was told by a trigger point therapist.
thanks for the follow^^
“: S/o to the pacers for this dub session”RT RT RT
What if you really go to Hell for not liking all those posts on Facebook?
You Welc Zoe. Im Glad I Can Do That :)
You're a gangsta
And also why nobody wants to play here. Players would rather take pay cuts than be traded to the Browns. Smh.
#LiteraryEvent 5/9 7p (Murder by the Book): Author #reading “Life Without Parole” , a Kate Conway
Women behind Listen to Your Mother walked interesting paths - The Spokesman Review
In THE RIGHTEOUS MIND says conservatives have good ideas. OK. But the kind of conservatives he studied no longer run the GOP.
Not sure if I will get there in time but I'll try. Good luck! Feel free to stop by the booth to meet me tomorrow-Monday -Jon
two great starts in a row!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday! Doesn't a fresh cup of coffee from sound so delicious this morning?
Smiles are free!
Ok. I like Emma Stone's dress. And I really love her!
ARNOLD'S WAS A BLAST, I THANK EVERYONE THAT MADE IT SO. AND THANK ARNOLD'S FOR THE OPPORTUNITY! PEACE, BAOKU
hahahah I will! just licking my chops until D-Will makes his way to the lone star state... Bron/Wade wont allow JJ 6 a game
Throwback Aristotle quote? RT : Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly-Shaquille O'Neal
I meant the money team did their thing
Soo ready for spring...
Speaking to Des Moines Rotary on ways social media can put word-of-mouth on steroids. Talk based on our book -- free at www.WOM10.com
Let us #represent your #company at your next #networking #event! Call us for more details! 1-866-694-8528
I burp like a man. I should find a burping contest, I swear I could win xD
Ugh stfu, you just want the whole worlds attention! >:(
“: thanks for the Lady A tickets! I can't wait!” See you Saturday! Stop by and say hi!
I just helped a lady find gentle mystery books to read. Have I mentioned how much I love the public library?!
Ginger's Apparel (gingerscustom) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
If I were a band, I'd boycott playing in north Carolina.
Im in Love with 's song #Nashville <3
miss you too!! Come work with us? :)
Thanks to all our latest followers! Watch this space for some great #tarot hints and tips for online reading coming soon!
well i mean its pretty obvious that he wants you
: lol great question! I would have to say when I messed up the words to an original....he he he! Thanks for asking!
For Organist Only...Come join us this Saturday morning for our January "Organ Music Reading Session" at Broad St. UMC. Call us for details.
yea i always pop ur cherry haha
Watched #KONY2012 today. Happy people are starting to be the change they want 2 see in the world. Order an action kit today!
So we wanna make a YouTube Commercial for Brass Monkey...thoughts/ideas?
How do you go into a production that doens't have a clearly defined process?
RT : OMFG! What a pile of Shit Joe Scarborough is ! just comparing racist shithead George Wallace to President Obama
: loved being on air with you, take care of that radio voice!
of you can't do that, what good is this life?
Quit being a tease mother nature, we need rain!!!
Mc'Donalds sound pretty damm good right now. (: "Adventure Time
We need your monetary support now more than ever! Contribute right now online - bit.ly/oAs3ds Thanks!
I'm definitely in!
i gave her your number...because this back and forth on my timeline is out of freaking control!!
Save the date! Our 2nd Annual Content Provider Carnival is OCTOBER 27, 2011!
you never say goodbye. You are little 5 alumni for life!
For liberals there are no budget deficits or shortfalls. They just raise "revenues" aka taxes.
hadnt thought of those. got chicken noodle soup.
Surfer Girl.
Life is easier if you dread only one day at a time.
From The Wheel of Contests today, lets see if you can get it right! What are Americans two favorite chocolate candies?
OK BUMBLEBEE
Learning to develop an appreciation for different cultures is important today and for the future. -Melanie Healey
I'll be posting new performance videos today!! Please check them out and share with your friends if you like:) Thanks!!
awh, thank you so much. (: you're also beautiful!
I'm ashamed I ever had a crush on Mike Seaver.
MY LOVE IS TOO REAL TO BE THROWN BACK IN MY FACE
We´ll relaunch our new website very soon!
Looking for intelligent discussion Sunday morning UP w is it.
Follow The Band's official Twitter!! ! All of us will be tweeting from this account!!
Right next to Mixture on Kettner in Little Italy. Cute little creative loft space.
oh Dad, you are such a quick one :)
I didn't even realize they started making Fiats again. It looks like a big shoe.
Alright! I'm dressed like a Kardashian and ready to fight coke whores!
Up to 13 restaurants now!!!
Will you be my valentine..?(: ♥
Thank You! :)
Thanks so much for coming and giving me great leads for the paper!
Fancy seeing you at rite aid last night 
I need some where to go to watch the game my tv too damn small!
" If she owns a cat...beware. If she owns multiple cats...fucking run." why you're single!
Lord help me. is in one of those moods again ..
Who can get their hands dirtier? Sounds like a good family night, right? Let’s find out! Come out on your next family outing!
“:I <3 if you are in NYC u need 2 see these bitches belt their faces off!”
I knew the nba would be back...
CBS upfront presentation a packed house as usual.
Honey just purchased our tickets to go see Wicked! I'm excited!!
Hell yeah! RT : President Obama at Barnard: 'The question is not whether things will get better. They always do.'
legs? I'm wondering what happened to your hair!
allergies? Happened to me last year for the first time too.
New note coming soon, as well as a new blog page for posting them to. Stay tuned!
still can't find hidden Mickey's
How bad is it? At least he got a good lick on the 18.
BRIDGE LIFT: Interstate Bridge lift expected in the next 5 min or so
Zeidenberg talks about a different kind of obstacle course: those students must complete for a major.
Anyone can be fooled once, But only a fool would give them an opportunity to do it again!!
The new punked hosted by is going to be funny as hell hahaha
When the change was made uptown And the Big Man joined the band From the coastline to the city All the little pretties raise their hands...
It's better to love someone who's far and damn craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet dosen't even care to see you.
I must complain the cards are ill shuffled till I have a good hand. ~Jonathan Swift
I hate #obama, I hate #studentloans I hate people who say republicans have a
Lakers!!! Hahaha I am happy now!!
Still working away in Northwest Ohio. Spent this morning updating some content and URLs in LibGuides.
If It ends up being OKC, then I'm ok.. because I trust them to take down Miami in the Finals
Happy Birthday Congressman John Lewis, civil rights icon!
Finally, I can search the hashtag #tasteful and arrive at you. Heard GSH tribute at no way back. Either Scott or Sal, didn't check
At a casting director workshop at 9:30pm & it hasn't started yet! Will have to rethink my membership in this workshop group.
Last night's SNL is killing it so far. Usher's definitely doing climax next right?
The paintings are looking great! (yours are the best) lol
RT : Don't allow your children to grow up to be slaves, teach them to question anything that does not make sense to them.
boy i wanna freak you right, been a long time i been missing that body, turn the lights out when i go down its a private party
Is this account run by Sarah Phillips?
And that's real nigga sh*t im done
ETrade Baby never gets old. (ha)
my deck is on offer but we could get all classy too. am amenable.
so cool
the account is an account that bashes filipino stars on twitter. She makes stories and all. Unfollow her. :(
They were amazing!!!!! Lol I'm so happy now RT : lmao those must have been some tasty ribs
$25 for $50 at Milers Field-PB. Come and enjoy the sunshine on the outside deck with a beer and good food tonight. We love our SD Weather!
So happy for ! Cover of PDN Magazine - what a star!
Congratulations to the brand new Seminoles! We can't wait to have all of you here!
Driving to VA Beach!
sisnt have a way to get on twitter :\ but if its to late to tweet it to u, then. Its okayy(:
so I tried!!! Where are you?!?
I just want to touch him. Once.
since has decided to have a movie night at my house tonight should come too!
"Tupac Shakur - Dear Mama" can be found with Easy Mp3 Downloader for Android & IPhone
I do not appreciate your sarcasm!
Subsidy sales reps tell victims are more likely to get attention if offer actual book to agents/pubs. In short, they lie.
11am and still can't function... I need tea.
Not all black ppl are always late.........lol ok we try not to be late
haha "gucci?" that's new!
Ah what a shame. Who do we petition? :)
Nice Space Needle pic!
Anyone have instagram? :)
Relationships should never rewind
Yeah 'cause ignoring me really helps..
lmaoo foo I was crying u saw the YOLO one??
has bikini girls that would love to be on the radio! :)
Hell yes... Try and watch in order if you can though!!
Seriously. WTF. A photo of a semi ok looking chick in a mirror of her bathroom. GET REAL
I don't see how it rhymes? Gonna miss hanging out with you too
Sounds like a plan! I really want to see Wedding Belles.
And an awesome stage at #Tireno-Adriatico as well, Tyler Farrar can't be stopped, especially with a Thor Hoshovd world champ lead out!
The speed boat races in Long Beach are in front of my house. Today are the finals, come down and watch them!
RT here's to the kids who try too hard.
Lights up...
"Bonnies come through to give us a 1-0 start to the night." SWEET!!!!
Ugh...that's tacky...I take it wasn't complimentary...that's too bad
Need some expert knowledge here. If I want to find out the builder/architect of an old home in Houston, where do I start looking?
" #BrandJordan is again sponsoring Alex Thomas Celebrity Golf Classic. Save the date July 9 in LA"
I'd rather study the Lemurian renaissance than listen to that un-inspired rubbish, so I do
If you want to live longer? Get married! Trust me, your life will drag on for ever!!!
Our support team can talk you through this -- please give us a call at 202.686.9330, option 1.
I feel so sick... its so sudden. A few hours ago I was fine
Pork chili verde soup at Lotties tonight.Oaxacan comfort food all the way.
Thx for the T-shirt and handwritten note Next time, can I request an XS instead of XL? :-) But now, (large) FIL will get a gift.
but that includes actually sitting in the store
Thanks for the good butt woopin'.... you can bring it like no other...can't wait to see how I look in 56 days!
Tickets go on sale tomorrow!
Good call! I think I am going to create a Twitter List for them...I always forget what they are!!
well maybe I should try it again. But since moving to Clifton, I am never in Mariemont that much anymore.
mo money, mo problems.
The dresses are here! #gswedding Pic:
Literally just watched all of your YouTube videos took a while but it was so worth it! <3333 love you!
big time rush was hilarious!! My power was out at home but I still managed to watch it that night!
You should join the movement and strike because: everyone else will be doing it and it’ll be fun and empowering- music to my ears
One direction is known world wide! do you guys think they will beat justing bieber in a few years?
ready for this weekend
I love you Lou<3
#Toros Title celebration scheduled for Monday 7pm at Cedar Park Center.
Ha! That's the one.
enough said!!
I blame Global waaaarrmming?
Why do I even care? Ops I don't.
JC Caylen just tweeted me. I can dig it.
I hate when I'm about to go to bed and your movie tweets make me start something I shouldn't.
#orelse what? I'm just gonna be standing awkwardly.. I'd rather stay home.
lmfao you sure about that? Hehe
I trusted people, they let me down. I trusted money, it left me broke, BUT when I trusted God, HE LIFTED ME UP!
Was walking up my driveway in the dark and stepped on a f'ing slug.... Barefoot.... and it squashed all over my foot...
I thought you'd enjoy !
Every reign must submit to a greater reign. Seneca
.... one more freakin' veggie omelette and we get stabby round deez parts. :I
Structural engineering expert, he.
Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity. -Walter Dill Scott
I just downloaded the app. Kinda neat.
&now im listening to &advise you to also.
Thx! RT : I keep donating to 89.5 in San Diego—where I was stationed for the last 15 years—even tho now I'm in Rhode Island. ;)
Step 1 to propagating plant cuttings: Don't put them in upside down.
I just call em boo! I don't know his whole name.....
Who do you kids think you are?
Beliebers get TOO much hate. Calm down.
I'm not saying you don't. I can't say the same for all in your field.
for what ?
what is 713 day?
Lets get it
Lmfao just passed a house this morning bumpin Nelly "Hot In Here"
I should probably apply again this year :P
ok imma have scales find it, he didnt name it... do you got the one wit the movie samples, w/ me , spoiled, and baby don?
nice to see corey hart..showin some hustle..nice catch
Off to w/ to talk about the future of MKE politics on election day. Go vote today!
Agh! Fucking cancer. Stop taking our best people.
they didn't lose as much as you think. Plus Chicago still hasn't addressed biggest problem. A dreadful O line
It's a great place to retire but I came here so my daughter could grow up here and she is almost grown. so time to move on...
Realized who my real friends are, and discovered which ones are fake. Glad I got that out of the way. Bed time!
thank you joel!!(;
sounds good! just sent you a DM :)
HAPPY EASTER from Charlotte, NC!!
Have a Fiesta day and tweet us up!RT : Hey #smbmad, I'm there in spirit. I will "Focus" on following updates via twitter.
Any skateshops looking for a skater to sponsor hit me up! Also hit me up when there is a skate event comming up in missouri
Signs Linsanity is out of control. There is a Breaking News alert on ESPNEWS for a press conference of a Knicks/Cavs game! Name a Cavalier!
I most certainly will.
I have a mild concern about getting injured in this.
Meeting downtown so I drove today. :( if I'd just ridden my bike, I would have been on time!
What does climbing the career ladder do to you/your health?
I was laughing so hard I was crying when I watched your youtube videos! LOL!!
I don't understand facejacker..
thank you. I do feel better. :)
Happy Veterans Day, and Happy Birthday Washington State! What an amazing day. Special thanks to all of our veterans.
It's a cool idea, but watching television or movies on a small screen is a lot different - Martin Kaplan
GM is alive, Bin Laden is dead and all right wing #tcot losers cried because it was a Democrat who made it happen!
Ahh im so jealous :(
What does Pat Myers say about that?
Jeremy Lin is at it again!!!
I need to get fucked some more today.
let me guess - expected end of June?
*scratches head* um...lol
Have yaw played yet?
i am surprised i never listened before..sounds like an more american Sloan...excellent power pop
I'm so jealous of you.
What's the worst thing you're likely to find in the school cafeteria?The food!
Gwyneth Paltrow is gorgeous in Tom Ford but Angelina is a big snooze... black w/a leg slit, anyone surprised?
Your stuck on the Boulevard.. having nightmares of your past, when you should be on the #Avenue.. dreaming of your future
I'm going to start a religion where you can lie, rape, murder and still go to heaven, wait, that's already a religion.
damn bitch wat yu did after I left
I think it should just be the 6 boyz that were originally on ABDC. That's it.
do i really need to add relish? wiener whistles god iso gotta get one
I'd like to publicly acknowledge our lead support guru who, even today, was answering QLab questions & helping shows run smoothly.
Sure beats a wicked ahchoo RT When our 5-month-old coughs he doesn’t cover his mouth. Rude.
Playing bartender till 6
I ran the whole jello carbomb scenario by Kersi and he is onboard. Let's do this!
you have #carrots in Canada?
will that hold a lot of HD?
The Best New Gear for Home Improvements
Walking to the Post Office for another fest submission, please please let the nice lady w/ the Werner Herzog voice/accent be there! <3 her!
Wade was snaping
I Love British Accents
Who's bringing me some king cake tomorrow?
YES! IM IN THAT PICTURE! >:)
dayummmm u still have like 650 tweets to goo lmao
swear! i don't do that
Netflix thinks I'll like "Crossworlds". Will I?
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it. Robert Anthony
Meeting to discuss the #shoplocal mantra from a national perspective.
Who's got a better elbow The Rock or MWP
That's what I been on
Gosh darn it! Never fails! Every time I go on vacation, I end up leaving my phone charger where I stay! Gah!
Why quit the twitter fam?
In this box of old pictures haha I was looking through them today
#vsa2011Learning Together: I can't talk about art either. I asked for the Ferris Bueller painting at the Art Institute yesterday.
hello do you visit orlando area
uhm YES. If I have monies lol.
I know! I'm sorry love. Next time for sure ;) when I am out of school <3
I'm excited for this pizza.
Our new video is up! Check our Facebook page!
will #sacramento California be getting some #eatstapp love soon? :)
feeling groggy
We eat toilet paper and set fire to small amphibians.
Playing with fire it's so exciting until you fucking get burned.
Up the incline on your treadmill
some of the best meals I have had anywhere in the past few years have been there! The French theme was outstanding last night!
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who is a drama queen...
Are those percentages of FT v. T/TT unusual for private 4y?
Vitamin water and jelly beans(:
We would love to have you! You can even wear your PJ's. ;)
Wishful thinking, I guess. Why do people who believe human life is so destructive to the earth not commit suicide?
TIO (Tweet it On) and RT --- FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! ---- CAMPAIGN in the USA
shout out coach lynch,,,happy birthday bro..r.i.p.
"I'm very good at integral and differential calculus. I know the scientific names of beings animalculous."
RT : Wow. pushing ? What's next, Obama keynote speaker at Tea Party convention? SMDH!
Great film, actor RT Also loved James Garner in The Children's Hour. People sometimes forget he was in that movie.
I'd be careful - who knows what's going to happen to the guy. My hubby says he'll shave after the first weigh in!
Ive never been into idol myself either
Playing in Alabama tonight...Montgomery to be exact. Gracepointe Church @ 1565 Ray Thorington Rd. 6:00 PM. See you there!
So bored I wish I had friends to talk to
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon. Sex, Drugs & the Civil War
nice! :) what's in the next ceremony? Kinda accidentally planned my open house from 6:30-9:30 lol
Just got back from the last (indoor) soccer game of the year with the very friendly #Oberstaufen O30 group.
dude i cant even sip water...surgery at 945 #bottleinmycloset lookin prime
Universe, please help me understand this Al Roker.
wow, #blackbaud buys #convio to form a monster non-profit team. Interested to see the implications of costs, clients, services, capabilities
Hey does Andy know that the #Nashville Predators are 6th in the #NHL?
Where is summer when you need it ? !!
Can you tell us a little more about the #4040CelebrationSeries? Lunch tomorrow maybe? Just saw the tweet
We need an infrastructure for digital objects: Includes social practice, why cite, why attribute, and how?
I'm looking for recipricating links for my website. If you are interested let me know. It will help our rankings on our websites.
same to you. The cards should be favored, but anything can happen. Neither school has a team to write home about.
Happy mothers day to the best momma in the world!
I am terrified.
<-went to the office 2day and a wake broke out. The best girl there, the payroll clerk, gave her 2 week notice!
I don't think he sounds like one much at all, but he really, really looks like one.
yeah, it's like they're trying to avoid it . . . Seems like CS would fit better than the tech they cover
Could not agree more, schools should have basic level of medical preparedness WITH emergency medication
thanks for telling me I just followed them all haha :$
the double dot over the ü will get you any man you desire
I am recruiting for several Records Specialists to support a large-scale records conversion project for a large company in Houston. Record…
At the #GR premiere of #Bully with fellow students. We must eradicate bullying! Nobody is alone.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 65
Time to do some wack ass homework !
Thanks for standing up for ALEC!
Don't wanna get a shot
Best aPrIl fOoLs prank....buy your office lunch! They won't see it coming! We will deliver it! Nothing foolish about Free Delivery!
I think it's probably on the slow development burn. I think they fully intend for it to challenge Lync over time
look for trend analysis from to post to our site any day now!
#JBSOMEDAY when the sky is fallin' will be following us... til then
if u want it be master
"Seat time" gets in the way of innovation.
Fresh Strains! DeathStar, Chem Dog #4, LA Kush, Super Silver Haze. Come down and try them today!
mite go get them new griffy
taking a full schedule of summer classes at KSU and doing an internship....fun fun!
legacy is solo now wtf my babydaddy !
i literally just laughed out loud. but let me know if it's good. i wanna see it.
maybe. Not sure yet
I absolutely luv ! It makes my pics all cool and stuff!
I want a cast iron skillet to bake cornbread in. Once a southern girl, always a southern cook.
come to michigan(:
you already know i'm wearing sweats again tomorrow.
We want to resume tweeting on the Senate debate. Put down your notebook; pick up your BlackBerry!
Move over Big Eddie, there's a new Sheriff in town gets to work! Beautiful outrage! Calls out sexist bigots
yyyyyyyyyyoooo man what is up bro
Love Educon style unconference 4parents/business. Axioms?Scope? Purpose? Talked w recently about same
Q3: Students write me letters...reflect on activities that they liked, those that they didn't, and those that taught them the most.
to all followers new and old please spread the word about us!
M, what you say? Mm, that you only meant well? Well, of course you did. M, what you say? Mm, that it's all for the best? Of course it is
: #Wondering what's the most popular dog breed?
heading to chicago tomorrow for our first concert of our midwest tour. feb.16, 7:30 pm Lutkin Hall, Northwestern.
I love on some #RNS all the stupid stuff she might do.... All the ish we been thru... Thts my ride or die <3
Amazing people deserve amazing things happening to them. Wishing you a wonderful week.
interview for spring internship this week. wish me luck
Haha- yup, that's me. Hope you enjoy the lessons if you take them! :)
imagined to get that kind of spontaneous reaction. It’s authentic the relationship I thought we had. It really feels special. ....
im starving!!! Do you have food??
would totally buy that. ;) RT: I'd rather be eating fries from little big burger.
#SaySomething is amazing can u please follow me??!!! <3333
let them know we be wearin them snapbacks and tattoooss.
They should make it easy on them and have coexist stickers available too ;)
"Knocked Up"
Switching from state to state!!! :-) loving my life oooowwwwww OHIO bound!!!! :-)
Loving articles, keep them coming!
You are quite delightful
My office has been sending around a nasty headache... i think it's reached me and I'm not happy.
TV Jukebox: ‘Don’t Trust the B— in Apartment 23,’ ‘Magic City,’ ‘Girls,’ and more music-on-TV moments
<3 never forget who you are. Be yourself. Never let a boy rush you or hurt you. Don't cry over him.
Great to see ya mate you & are going to have a cracker at Sundance. Tough to miss it this year.
Watching CSI: NY with Viggle Fri | 9PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
We have been havin a crazy night for te Black Keys!! madness!!!
well i saw where you guys might both be playing in a tournament in dallas... IM GONNA TRY to make that one 2
We spent the nite @ the ER, Lily my black cocker decided to break in the pantry and eat 1.4lbs of chocolate, she could have died! Thank God!
Tell us about your next film
you don't think giants would take him for single a prospect with Wilson done? Hell, they've had zito for years and he stinks
is it me or does cantaloupe slightly resemble the smell of refuse?
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 17
Then I produced my rapier.
Just answered a business reference question related to tariffs! & I'm feeling pretty good about that considering how rarely I do reference.
Finally going to work after 3 weeks.
Lust is easy. Love is hard. Like is most important.
S/o to all my #Followers!
MSG generally does not cause allergy symptoms. But, that does not mean it can't be a problem for some susceptible individuals...
SILENCE WOMAN! I will be a bat this Ramadan, like always. Last year, the sun rays did not even touch my skin
Some things, you can only know when you know ... you know?
congrats on the new job!
I can't wait to try it! Saturday!!! I am obsessed with the new by
#KPUHunstman alex kreeger talks about huntsman's exp as china ambassador, utah governor, presidential candidate
We hear that and are roaming around here at the #NCBShow - come on over boyz and have a taste of !
First day of spring ;)
Need a shoe shiner at your office? We are fully mobile! Request us to come in!
RT : I'm to understand the audio on tonights Oscar telecast would have been better done by the Audio folk from The Artist.
Hahaa its a college basketball tournament which prolly sounds boring af to u lol
Yeah, we have not really been doing any local rpg gaming for a couple of years now although we talk about trying to do it.
can't believe this August will be my last on Orientation Staff Definitely ready to rock
I love you
Just bought "Game Change," the book. Am betting it's better than "Game Change," the movie.
This RT : The Packers defense, for all the bitching, has kept the Packers in this game. Can the presumptive NFL MVP capitalize?
hahaha reject jam... so sad! seriously though, homemade strawberry jam with the little strawberry bits in it - SO good!
RT : Ill get caught fapping every time RT : Street view lets U look inside buildings now? CREEP MODE: LOW MED [HIGH]
Tonight we've got bingo starting at 7!
Today 1920: Superior City, a steel freighter collided w/the steamer, Willis L. King, killing at least 28 men and one woman in Superior City.
Hey Lars, welcome to the bigs, now let's me introduce you to this thing called a barber.
I seriously adore my boyfriend. I feel lucky to have met a person who has such a great understanding of the world.
RT At the peak of the polio epidemic, 1 in 3000 people were affected-today 1 in 88 kids have autism-where is the research?
where at on your body? Lol
Headache #night💤
DAMNIT!!! I'm watching 24 and am so immensely bummed about Bill Buchanan!
My alarm effin bugs. |:<
Robert is creeping on his timeline :)
That's my typical day. ;)
you're in luck .. pot luck that is ... in t-minus 6 minutes. come on down!
Finally seeing the hunger games :)
You are beautiful Ottrina.....
road or mountain...no motors...snake man :)
Aaron Rogers & David Garard
Even tho it's my beloved Toon, I cannot give a penny to that shower of donkey shite that is FSC. Would rather shag Esther Rantzen
I would say that Taylor has snapped, but she has always been this radical.
Smh I know dats right! Insecure Ass shoulda been doing her job!
Modernist or not, gamers know very well what they are doing. No boundary confusion, even when the experience is compelling.
Just learning--will do soon! Thanks for the tip.
Q: What's your favorite store at Tacoma Mall?
A young lady knows how to keep composer even with people she doesnt like because people like that will always be around..never ending battle
Some amazing new ppl starting the market tomorrow! 'Eat, Sleep, Boutique,' 'Impossible Deserts,' LeMarais Chocolat,' Rushin' Russian (food)
Wish I could have went to the softball state game
So one who values the self as the world Can be given the world One who loves the self as the world Can be entrusted with the world
Thank u for waking me up at 8:30 am 
"Insidious" was more than we thought it would be. About 1 in 1000 moviegoers will actually "get" this movie!
Where have you been ? long time I didn't see you :| I miss u ♥
it's time to get Ashley together cause its obvious in this world of darkness you only have yourself.
ass like tht
just bought an 2012 escape on Sunday after 10 years of having my car.
if you know someone that is pregnant. Get her and boyfriend go on www,StayTeen.org or go to www,abcfamily.com
Became a Kenneth Faried fan when I saw Morehead State play a regular-season game at Ohio State. Love his game.
I miss dancing Puff Daddy.
once imprisoned Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff doubts as to whether a bill to legalize online poker at the federal level will pass
You'd think staying home and reading homophobic spam is a waste of a Friday night, but now I know Congressman Todd Akin (R-MO) is an idiot.
Oregon attorney general's list of 2011 worst charities. //j.mp/s5gEl8
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X5
I wish there was a bacon machine that one could program to automatically make bacon at a certain time every morning. Works for coffee...
falling in love with somebody so cute
Oh, ya know. Just using my birthday money to have my windshield replaced. Really fun stuff.
i wish didnt suck dick for living and would come visit me at workk.. bitch.
Watching marathon, of "Runs House" on MTV 2! PRIME example of how a family should be/ be raised!
Love that! What are they harvesting?
right there with ya!
Attention all web developers and designers. Please do not use the auto-play feature on video. Thank you.
lebron should be getting killed by these flops. Hard too watch.
yeah we had a great time and thx. Pix coming soon!!
thanks for the mention!
The Morning Show on goes New Age starting tomorrow. We've got a sneak peek coming up at 6:30!
i f god didn't wake me up in the morning i wouldn't be mad at him
#ItsCrazyHow slow the days are and how fast the years go
Watching clueless and I think I finally get all the jokes about high school when I'm 10+ years out of high school
Ate my chocolate cake before my pizza
I am wearing mine today. :)
:( I guess I can share
“The only man who makes no mistakes is the man who never does anything.” -Theodore Roosevelt,
I love so much!
What!!! If I could have dinner with anyone, it would be David Byrne. I must know the story.
way too nauseous. Michaels playing right now.
People piling on are absurd. He's a parent looking out for his son, and he has legitimate concerns.
We like to squeeze furry things. Then smile at them in crazy mofo kinda ways. And ask nonsensical questions they bob their heads at.
Disgusted by the #racist comments over the #Bruins loss. Perpetuating why people hate #Boston sports fans. After this, I don't blame them.
Alicia Buckles testing. . Oh wait you mean. . . Lol
I gotta say I'm just about convinced! Virgin drink pure mouth
We second that! RT : Thanks to for the lunch today - tasty!
"what are you doing?" "having a party." "with who, grandpap?" "yeah, didn't you hide the beer bottles?" "yes, pap."
You should have already received an email invite -- check your inbox and spam folder. Thanks!
Seems like everyone on Twitter is either on or getting to a beach somewhere. That makes me feel like crap.
Would any kind of petition drive or letter signed by theatre-goers & performers alike help? It's absurd!
checked out your trailer on #youtube and really liked what I heard! shoot me an email , will talk!
Yes, the rumor is true! Thanks Tina!
We hit 2k tweeps! Complete this tweet to be entered to win $25 driving credit: "Hey , my favorite Zipcar is __ because it's __"
Reading "A Vist from the Goon Squad." A novel of nodes. You should read it, too.
How good did #duke look last night? that Irving kid is legit.
Yes, now get me a carton of cigarettes, some scratch off tickets and high alcohol content mouth wash.
If you think YOU'RE a mess, take a look at Poor girl is a WRECK.
"I have a truck I have a truck I have a truck." -Scott Brown, somewhere.
? context, please!
lol damn straight B-)
#SantaFe Reporter AHA Festival: Progressive Arts & Music @ the Railyard: this Sunday, Sept. 18. A FREE Community Event !
is all, "Oh gross, Chicago. Again?"
RT": I dont have a type. If I like you, I like you."
Watching this t.v show this gyal face tough like alligator back. Lol:)
...saving for the Texas paychecks :D
I'm down for sure. :)
To our loyal followers Mention us and tell your friends to follow! The person with the best mention gets Something very special!
Like this if you like Real hip hop
I dont like chillin w him..
Yeah umm I'm home now and all I care about is my bed and my cat. Ohh how I missed my cat.
It's Blue Ivy Carter! B.I.C. RT : Ivy Blue Carter? I guess its alright, could be worse.
My 2 & 5 yr old nieces live in NC. To them, their friends w/ 2 moms or 2 dads are normal & just fine. Too bad the adults there disagree.
Imma make oomf realize she's worth anyones time.
And has his lunch box/permission slip Not allowed down to the practice facility today. Did Chris Quinn get off the bus okay?
check these guys out for all your promotional needs......
great question.
Rap, rock, house or jazz?
i dont have your number fool
GAIN FOLLOWERS Thanks.
I have my first mojito hangover of the season.
Its too freaking hot
Consistency is more important than intensity. be good to ur body, preserve ur energy & live longer! Balance is key!
Blah blah poop blah suck...
12 days till my photo shoot...off to the guy. Get'n photo shoot ready ;)
In the studio putting on the finale touches to Hollywood's Top Designer logo featured LA Fashion Week
Trying to read what the doctor wrote on your prescription... "is this english?"
Why doesn't Brietfelder also demand they fix residency requirement? Currently city atty can live outside CV, unlike all electeds
Drums are the best part! The heart beat of the music :)
#ad2dc Matt: Detroit spot did everything a super bowl ad should do
school tomorrow... fuck me in the ass
Hmm, maybe the guy that told me the squirrels tell him it's going to be a bad winter, wasn't crazy. :-)
PW:Anything’s possible but to my knowledge at this point,her heart is strictly for Stefan,as Stefan’s heart is strictly for Elena #Stelena ♡
Ok, why am I just now discovering how awesome these #HungerGames books are?!
37 days until I start my 2012 World Series of Poker bracelet hunt. Never been more ready.
Oh California how I missed you!
Thanks! And good suggestion.
I'm not perfect. Not even close. I'm sorry I cant and never will be.
We're still in the process of getting into the new office, so B patient if U're trying 2 get a hold of us! If 911, email
#WhatsGangster? Getting the fortune and staying humble to the evils of #Fame. Look what it did to Khloe&Lamar.
You ain't about it hunn!;)
Not the best speech I have seen. Not the worst. His love of technology baffles me.
Thanks RB - hope your B-day was great too! :)
Thanks for the follow Michelle!
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
3 Ridiculously Underrated Ways to Use Social Bookmarking to ...
- Thanks for the RT - you guys get that both are important...
RT : let's make sure none of our elected show up on this list:...
I guess he hasnt heard about the whole #ows thing RT I will say again. NO voters care about super PACs. Not a one
Combining #technology and social change.
WORST #OSCARS EVER.
Ou airport ride was a no show making the beginning of this trip slightly stressful. It may be beer time.
Hi All, joining #chat2lrn from sunny Florida
Are you Illuminati now?
keep asking.
THankX for the follow:-)
U got it going on girl!!
Dont Forget to tell your friends legends now has FREE options and you can maybe win a Sports Authority Gift Card
That's a great pic.
On our way to the beach!
Running the A holla!
I love America and hate Clemens...but Rog is innocent until proven guilty! Fight the good fight Rocket or do Martha Stewart time trying!
Today's the day! Off to finish this grad school business. If you catch me tweeting again prior to this evening, kick me off. Writing to do!
RT : Tomorrow is FREE DAY, FREE day, free day! Did we say it's free?
Yay - Austin misses you!
Im so happy ;)
Excellent. I am just preparing for my show in July. Just sold one today, though. Its a beautiful thing!
We are excited to see you tonight!
Listening to Skrillex > Bangarang. This song will wake you up for sure
Good Mrning Tweeps!! If content was king I'd b a court jester, but that doesn't mean u can't score some great deals! Call me at 877-244-9913
I guess so.. Damn
How is everyone?(:
off to bed, work in the morning and then second life
Lmao! I know, it'll be Super Bowl Sunday before u know it!
#womencantresist a man who puts her 1st
Today almost felt like a dream. Movies with , putt putt, hot tubing and trampoline,finishing with old Scoobydoos
Finally logged back onto twitter. Look I'm following you now!
yeah not really as I am not following twitter on my phone today and occasionally try to catch up on my work computer
Final Fantasy XIII has caused me to discontinue my WoW subscription finally, and go with GameFly (again). PS3 wins again.
haha its my favorite :)
Also PA Pareanteau is a UFA this year.
Don't pay "lip service" to your "word-of-mouth" strategy - done right, you have armed your "advocates" with your differentiators - powerful
thanks for getting my hopes up high Ms. Martin :/ haha
Part of today's #gymplaylist "Fuck the pain away" by
lol i feel u.
I just added all channels & got rid of Netflix. Just got old for me. Will give it a few months & then check it out.
can we get engaged again? And get silly pics taken? A bit jealous of :)
sorry, Dennis, I really wanna come out and see you, but weeknights are a killer
FOLLOW ME AND ILL GIVE YA A TURTLE(: 1
Yay Vikki Tripp. Thanks for being #300. Sorry no prize, but we love the enthusiasm! #400?
i need help!
yes! this is awesome.
Did the #P90X #KempoX workout Tuesday night. Now time for bed.
yep he just left my house headed to yours!!!
Getting Taylor ready to go hme.
i'm back
SOmeone give me something to do
I believe that what I believe may not be believable
my argument is that Man U is the Premier League equivalent of the Yankees. I hate them both for the same reason--they piss me off
nice avi sir
You all should come to blackbird, for one b4 or after the CML show at girabaldi.
is that sarcasm?
Fear the herd is right...
God gave me you for the ups & downs. God gave me you for the days of doubt <3
I'm just glad it didn't land on "nads" haha
I'm full of vitamins! Have been living on juices today :)
Here's wishing you a Good Sunday! Anybody know why Happy Mother's Day is trending? It's only March. Not May.
cute and I like
Smoking a blunt and watching porno
I cannot way for the April issue of to come out to see some of the things I worked on published!
. Very cool! We should chat. Also, I'm trying to track down a painter, an "I. Schlussel", mid-century US...
FOLLOW FRIDAY the realest dude youll meet --> !!!
nigga you're sounding like right now
Arriving at Mission Bay High School Open house!
So... Apparently I'll be competing in some kind of media challenge.... This should be interesting. And hilarious.
I spent the whole night tossing and turning 😣
No, loved Holly and Leah. :Does anybody still watch So missing Sorry
Hello ! Appreciate the follow! :-) xo
Real fathers lead by being a positive example for their children.
Today, April 4 @ 5 PM, "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio: Guest, Will Love, Model, Activist: A Day of Silence: latalkradio.com, Channel 1
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
Follow , the clothes are sick.
Jeff Hopkins (iWashDC) says socks filled with ice melt and hefted up to gutters are safer than scaling ladders to break up dams.
: dissonance for users between staticity of web archives and notion of web as ever-changing and dynamic
What's your favorite thing about Spring?
Oh electro..i hate it...but I love it#remixes from 1985
What are your plans for this beautiful weekend? How about some well-deserved R&R?
So glad to hear that - I love that series. Congratulations on this wonderful news!
“: Should I go to the Village or the mall?!” -_- really? The village
A little Faith will take you a long ways, but a lot of Doubt will get you nowhere!
Who's ready to place their order for RG3 Jersey?
so nice seeing you! Love the support!
Also, with the size of the available dataset, we're powered to detect changes which are vanishingly small.
I want to model for the #NOH8 CAMPAIGN!! :D
The adult pool is fantastic and far away from the kids. Very fun for a couple.
and I am now off to work on ;)
Iced Marble Mocha Macchiato as afternoon lava.
pleasure, happy to lose again next year.
That's my MO and a B to that shit..... With
you better
Chat System is done!
theres been a slight set back but rhew website will be up within the next 2 weeks!
In Austin today, filming the role of Eduardo Garza in the comedy feature "Second Impression".
Have the punch! “ Do it to it, amigo! RT : I need to eat at , like, pronto. #hungry #chicago”
NYers will pay price for ’s shortsighted budget decisions for yrs to come. We can't allow more cuts to early childhood ed
Hey we would love to be in touch for potential partnership. Can you please follow so we can DM you info? Thanks!
Coworker: ''Looks like the Heatles are tied with the Bull-each Boys!'' Get back to work, Gary!
Whats your Super Hero name?
Follow us and receive a free class Come on jersey get on board
RT : acting goofy/slow in our school today... wonder what's up. {Good it isn't just mine!} Me TOO!!!!
President's Day is supposed to be saved for prom dress shopping. It better not be used to make up a snow day.
Ha! After commenting on the cute bartender, says: "I think I was your age when I went through my bartender stage too."
seriously that last #bud ad could have easily been a #coke ad too they both keep trying to sell the same "american good times" theme
that was so stupid why did u ruin 5 min of my life for that wow!!
how about Winnemucca Nev.? There's like 12 of us out here. Just hanging out. Waiting for you to come rock out.
Cant beat us 5 on 5 but 9 on 3 yep BITCHES
One day you're going to look back & realize you threw away everything you could have ever wanted for things that made you happy for a moment
Lecture today at Palm Beach Photo Centre was by one of my early heroes Ralph Gibson His black/white shocked my early career I shook his hand
Oh, I don't think you understood what I was tweeting.
When sleep fails, Zim will save the day. Doom doom do doom doo doom doomà
I'm fantastic! Working in PR in MKE and missing MU! What have you been up to?
Got sushi? We do. Check this:The Columbus Dispatch, in a recent stellar review, said: "A serious sushi operation is also on the premises."
Standard Thursday nights! RT : yo! Party time. Hard.
Today's food is 3.4% more delicious. Keeps getting better &better. Come eat. 2nd &Lafayette
y haven't you been doing some of your images??
What would you do if you were selected for #thehungergames ??
Ben Folds is having coffee next to me. Thought you would appreciate it.
Appreciate the mention!
Bout to go eat n then krispy kreme!!!!!
#IfMBMetMyParents I would be like can we meet your parents first.!! <3 :)
Where do you live that you have snow still?!
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
chillin' lol bored outta my mind
Some folks have asked, so I'll prep some pointers soon. When is Greece for you? And you just doing Athens or some islands?
Good company! RT “ #FF some of my favorite people.”
I've been away from Twitter for a few days. What's up? Are the Republicans still crazy?
Aint no telling when I go so there aint shit that ima wait for, im the type to say a prayer and go get what i just prayed for.
A full day of prep ! The Holiday Pop Up Shop is going to be amazing! Dec 8th 5:30! 5335 Banks St. San Diego 92110!
Hehehehe Karmas a bitch!! I love my best friend.
Have to love seeing getting signed by the Bucs. Has been an inspiration to many. Good for him.
Work out time ;)
You're amazing(:
I will never write off since they sent me a PSP last year & Sony XBA headphones this year.
damn I have a huge headache! I haven't had anything to eat at all today :(
Gotta spread the ever-changing word. LOL! Thx 4 the article. RT : Thank you, Tracy. Hope you have a wonderful night!
Sub for 2 block:-)
RT : At #wilderness2012 with all the peps from !!
Hate it when my nose is so stuffy I can't taste my coffee. :( what a waste.
"Life is based on time. Therefore if you waste your time, you're wasting your life."
I should never get on Twitter before meditation, easily aggravated...
Many years ago--oh my, that lamb was great. Have experimented w/pomegranate molasses; hibiscus concentrate, still looking!
so sleepy. night!
If I treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.
+ my fave The Typewriter RT : Anderson wrote tons of fun pieces for Boston Pops, inclding Blue Tango, Sleigh Ride & Waltzing Cat.
I fuckd up Lol i left my window open last night My room is freezing balls
you're probably right. something about getting it in an imported glass bottle ala Coke appeals, tho
I can't begin to say how much I love that I'm watching MTV right now and everything you tweet, I'm thinking in my head.
be there in 5 babe
My house smells like stale beer and cat piss. I am the all singing all dancing crap of the world.
Beyond tired and wit it only bein 24 degrees....I REALLY dnt wanna get up!
WTR out n about in Houston area sampling our wines. Currently at Specs Woodlands S. & 5-8 @ Specs Galleria area...come see us!!!
MM!!(: wait who colors it??
You Gotta Change The Way You Think To Change The Way You Live tho...
Spending the rest of the night celebrating my partner and best friend on his birthday. I am the luckiest girl in the whole world.
The water here in Columbus is gross. We have to filter the hell of it because otherwise it gives me a headache.
Goin out for the night with 34% battery life, livin life on the wild side.
Haha! Luckily, I did not get sea sick. But it was super fun!
Neil Horikoshi of cites startling statistics on outcomes for young men of color - unemployment, incarceration, or death.
Creating an armature, any armature, to stabilize a creative process is a great idea. Even if the armature falls apart.
How are you celebrating President's Day?! Frugal Philly Mom has some great ideas for family fun!
Oh but also are you coming to Natty's graduation? Come sit and be bored with me!
S/O to that binoy for being a stalker
It's here! It's here!
I'm too public relations for life.
Thank y'all so much for the lovely #ff's
Whoop! Whoop! Time for
i guess it's like fasting on bread, cleanses the system?
- Howard Schultz
I just saw your video! Like the idea of it :) cant wait for your nxt video :)
Oh, the inanity on , particularly from the himself.
The song "Part-Time Lover" never addressed whether or not said lover got health insurance. It's the not knowing that haunts me.
Chi-town city life.
Thank you for the #FF!
For one who has not yet seen this picture that mental image just made me LOL
Re-watching Kill Bill
Don't take your mother for granted, and never straight up disrespect your mother
I love the Grammar Awards!
you are wonderful. I loved our chat!
life is so pointless
if i dont know wat this is than i dont want this on my page
If you're dying to go to Coachella but couldn't get a ticket, I seriously recommend checking Craig's list. Tix are selling for face value.
The process of gathering signatures to appear on the ballot begins today
Seems like Sports Networks just love it when NY sports team...and the LAL...lose! Grow up already! How about all the good nites we've had?
OMG come to SD! You guys would kill it here :) Plus, there's a lot of "Zonies" as we call them that already know you guys rock :)
ugh, yeah. i knew this week would be a struggle cause i was just in vegas.. but oh man...
Aloha & Happy President's Day. We will be open regular hours today. Stop in & see us.
Woo Hoo! just passed her written test.
i'm hip...are you not going to math either?
if you tweeted me it would just make my day ;) i'm a massive fan of your whole family! COME TO IRELAND SHAYTARDS <3 x
- Funny setup in the pool. You'rre tied for 1st. If IND wins, you are 1v1 on MNF. If PIT wins, you play 8 other people for win.
Ready or not -meek
Read These Easy Steps to Opening a Boutique
Wait, so Santorum's sons also wear sweater vests?
. I will do anything I can to help you.
Suns out?!?! 1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep fuck it's gonna be a long ass #LDW2011 in
Help the Jeff Michaels Band reach their goal! Sign up at www.cuereal.com today and receive $5 Cuepins FREE!
I can finally sit down and relax!
The Avengers was the best movie I ever seen ..!
Girls just want to have fun, unless there are admitted into a hospital, then they probably just want immediate medical supervision.
New Twitter follower, but been following Homer on the air for ever
The lady at this Subway has an accent that makes me think she harvests corn for fun. Hello, middle America.
I spoke to a neighbor once I was their 1st neighbor encounter in 11 years. That was 3 years ago, I like the twitter hood.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who thinks figures don't lie, yet admits than under analysis a few of them will not stand up either.
thanks! we are about to teach 2 teens rescued from forced prostitution, how to make jewelry! Open house Jan 13 and 14
I know right, guess cause my eyes are sensitve?
You to dymand just so nice
#nyy #yankees Teixeira has more RBIs than Cano and ARod (and Prince Fielder for that matter). Now here comes the BUT.............(continued)
DPLA hopes for users to curate own collections, collaborate with other users.
I imagine you two will awake Sunday, with chaffed buttholes, 3 empty bottles of Cristal and 5 tranny hookers in room
Intern Update: counting googly eyes and little red pom poms for the Summer Reading Program! Also, can now print to copy machine upstairs!
MY POOL IS 69 DEGREES!!!! Swimming!!
Got your tickets yet for this Saturday's doubleheader? If not, go to Parkleigh, Thread or www.rocderby.com!
DailyHookahTip#99: Pack the water base with snow instead of ice, with a tiny bit of water. More surface area, more chill.
RT : All relationships begin with communication, whether business or personal! (Absolutely agree!)
Yea, we going to see what we work on RT : you rocking w/ us?
Never a dull moment in Philly.
so you never went to detroit
ha ha all good dude, that's why I was laughing no worries brother, I mean Sean
Dude,i want sour patch kids.
Wouldn't let #BAA near a piss-up in my brewery yet somehow they still "run" #heathrow? Insane.
Ibidem => In the same place (in a book), abbreviated as Ibid.
~ Hey Earvin, put $500 on the Rangers for me. They'll take care of Cards in 6!
Another thing in Midtown that never works quite right: digital television.
sick. Whatup doc?
I love my boyfriend,even though he get on my nerves.
Retail therapy is just the cloudy day solution!
- It's a great show to work on. The writers, directors and cast and smart, fun and hard working. Go show, huh?
Thanks for the tweet about Jee Hwang's opening tonight!
A whales vagina.
Juicing veggies in a bit and trying to get warm in this icy rain.
Finally out...
HEY! TWEET IF YOU WANT TO BE PART OF A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR AUSTIN! :)
Getting my oil changed means I'm stranded at the mall for an hour and a half... Pfttt
I'm hoping for a better sleep in weeks tonight than I've had in months. Xanax, melatonin, prozac. Do your duty.
Thank u so much for celebrating and supporting us last night! It was so much fun!!!!! Love you like WOAH!!!!
Hi Christina Palladino from ABC5... any pictures of the accident you can send us? Thanks
hi guys. We arent a cult. We own part of the moon. But careful with EP...he is sly about tea.
they don't even celebrate it in mexico either lolol
Thank you Regan, you are truly one of my biggest hero's! I love you and the amazing work you do<3
How come you cough so much more when you smoke alone?
#Psych-os are the greatest!
Evidence models must be faster for online ed #srebsym A-B trials make this fast and easy. Let's pool this in an evidence framework.
My MELO my man
Lucky! I want to feel better :/
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Cute free game. Works great on my Optimus T." by Julie
And J~Cup ?
In vegas... Who cares, I just want to get to LA.. Almost there:-)
Should be starting at Best Buy tomorrow or the next day! If you come in and see this blonde doing #happydance all over the place thats me
Your soul is guiding you with new ideas. Write them down. Act on them. Your life will benefit.
OH YES I AM! I AM THE BEST FIGHTER THERE EVER WAS!!
it's brilliant lol. And you shouldn't have let me go into bloomingdales after coffee... I just left
Jesus Christ what a pretty face
“: I'm jealous, I get to listen to shitty ass 50s at work
I can't believe the grizzlies finally beat okc
lol ah, poor baby ;-)
Da Future Video Shoot 8:00 pm Friday Oct. 29 at Triple A!! Come make a Cameo!!!!
Most stressful semester of my life - gotta make it happen though.. 2 days nd 3 more tests til Im home free.. #bigblunts #piff #sour #CASH 😏
Follow me at tumbler: whyyoumadbroiaintevenmad.tumblr.com I will follow back :)
Just saw another one of ur epic movie! Thank you for always reppin Vancouver and filming up there! Much Love
need to travel to Tahiti in the near future
provides the perfect #soundtrack for #Friday. #RaiseYourGlass!
: Q5) Before leaving Dagobah, Yoda pleads with Luke to complete his training. What could inform Yoda that Luke wasnt ready?
It's Monday! Are you ready to take on the week?!
Its mani/pedi Monday for this girl. What color should I choose?!
LMAO...or the duct tape holding the tube? He runs a mutual fund...I told him to call a plumber!
I'd love to but I'm in Phoenix. My buddy might be able to. We should collab sometime. Stoked to see the new work!
Q: How many Leos does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: Leos are so enthusiastic they carry their own light.
Hey guys you can follow our fan page on Facebook. Just put The Single Chef in search bar...Thanks for the support!! Matt
WHY IS IT SO HARD TO PICK A LOCK
leaving for #LasVegas tomorrow :)
I take that back, a mix between Diana Ross from The Wiz and Janis Joplin. I haven't had to hold back my laughter this hard in a while...
#kirtland air force base without gas. Our local military without heat in their homes right now.
Isn't that how it always works? LOL U all take fans' abuse and then when their team gets its teeth kicked in, their fans hush up
RT @ DDASH2DALO Fold under pressure I would never... ever...
like something delicious. Ya know?
RG3 is entirely too full of himself.
: That ending was awesome! You have to catch it on Hulu later.
Check us out on reverbnation! www.reverbnation.com/hieroglyfics
Happy Friday! What are you doing this weekend?
There Is a shark swimming in the stock market pool and it hasn't even bitten anyone yet. Short sales for profits
For real bro
I don't believe in failure I believe in
Need a hint? You may have set your security word to something you might remember! Maybe one of these arbitrary things!
RT : #IWNY is finally over. I say finally because I'm exhausted from all the meetings and networking. That said, lots of great...
if I was going Saturday I would get the $170 ticket behind home plate with unlimited beer and food.
Herman Cain to Gingrich "If you were VICE president what would you want the president to get you to do?" *dreading that already*
Off today and going to go see the cast of "The Hunger Games"
Watching "UFC: Miller vs. Diaz" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Coffee Date it is! “: Hi guys! Come see us @ 5:30a for some fresh coffee & awesome pastries!”
Thanks chick!
Thanks for the helping the Mindbloom community grow!
As far as librarians validating user-created content, we need to keep in mind the Wikipedia model where the crowd polices itself
True story: I had a dream the other day. was running off the field carrying the Lombardi Trophy. Dreads flying with excitement!
Avoid 96th and Keystone right now - huge backup going south on Keystone! Stay away! Or you could be like sheep and sit in traffic...
Unbelievably sad story on #realsportswithBryantgumbel about 3 recent deaths of hockey
I've always liked cash more than stocks. Gold chains too.
wake up sleepy heads! it's Friday! helping Vinny make it a good start for ya!
#FF Beautiful soul! Nothing but #Love B!
Obama Campaign Headquarters - the mainstream news media! Reporting false and misleading information regarding the jobs report & the polls!
Thanks Dan! RT - I'm going to
could having 100 hours in Fallout New Vegas be considered antisocialism?
Thanks for the RT! Thinking before speaking is becoming a lost art!!
netflix having problems right now, will only stream a few seconds of a show (thru apple tv), then error occurs
Fine Thank You & you?
Have a great day y'all. . .lol.
Offensive to mock fast food workers and force #underemployment on overqualified college grads. #GenY #wantfrieswiththat Thoughts?
another victim to the reverse Mandible Claw!!! Haha
Thanks, I'm gald you liked it. Thats steel mill lighting. From one side it totally disappears and blended in on film.
well Becks new girlfriend could be Jade! Or at the end he could realize he want jade and umps the "new" girlfriend
was gonna say I kno a place bt that's cleveland..not cincy maybe can help u for cincy hotspots
You forgot to mention you whiffed on Montana and Syracuse will come back and win by 10+
Opportunities multiply as they are seized! ~ John Wicker
Saw you backstage... hope you had fun last night!
because there are only six seasons, search the web for the Christmas specials!
Michigan State runs it in for the score. Shaky snap on PAT, but it's good. 19 seconds left.
"Taylor Launter's Making A Parkour Movie" #huffpost Can he just run out of frame?
you looked gorgeous in your prom pics!!!😘
presenting tomorrow at 10am Room W206A playful literacy activities
Any suggestions for bars near Coors Field in Denver?
Looking for more Hosts for If interested hit me up for all the details: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
Well, that was just about the best first date-ish thing I've ever been on.
yes keep making that hot fire
yeah, but nobody wants to make out with him :-(
you are funny
Save the date. Wednesday, June 16th it is Salute's Anniversary party. 50% off all glasses of wine among many other things! See you there.
#Rockies CarGo goes deep, 6th homer of season, 10th career homer vs. #Dodgers. 1-1. .381 career average vs. Dodgers.
Economic observations: 1st dates are up at local starbucks, but local realtors are still driving compact cars..
I'm on the road driving.. no tv RT : 1-800-LBJ-AMES!!! Dialin' yoAzzz up, as 'ol ball coach Rick Duck would say!
Participants arriving at
I get to see Gary Oldman again tonight!!! Squeal!!!!!!
Fine don't text back!! :(
on the bus with going too the high museum. and she's high -__-
where are you exactly?
My diet lately has been pizza, pasta, fresh fruit, and eggs. I just got sick of trying to get creative with the grocery list.
he is my a good guy, he is the best guy
No one in their right mind would plan it! "That squirrel is waterskiing...Compelling and rich" - Rob Burgundy
The 2 hours I spent at THE CLOCK were some of the best I've had in NY! #4am-6am,
I am, because I can't think of a practical solution.
Might as well just go to HEB. Sorry, Target.
