yes, I know good chiro. Email me.
Must get off my ass.
Cant help that i got an attitude, dont give me one and i wont be a bitch.
This weather is paradise right now
I just want to be out of here already.
iPhone chargers hate me.
its your machine :)
Does any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discus the Biggest Stories Online?
My coworker, who hates the Miami Heat says Chris Bosh just had his period!!! LMFAO!!!!
does it really matter which intern made the call? This happened under #mendoza so she's responsible. isnt she?
We can't wait to host your fantastic hat event!
Tried out Last.fm on the xbox 360 today... pretty sweet!
So…I guess that Durant/DRose finals matchup isn't happening this year. God. Damn. It.
Some people have strong feelings about direct copying. I say if it is fun do it, just make sure you have some orig stuff
for my birthday (august 15th) wish i wish that or will follow me :) :)
Brick sqaud goes hard
You've been warned “ Counting down to 's birthday. Just a few hours to go. Locking the doors and assembling weapons.”
Thank you! <3
Critique is analysis, design solutions are a creative process. The brain can not function in analysis and creative mode simultaneously
Also, a rap song about Jack in the Box is on it's way. xD Some super serious stuff y'all.
How r u, lady??
Thank you! I am on it indefinitely :-( #luckfupus and #fucklupus too!
I thinki have a nice frame
#alexandroberthavethebestswag it's true
me to.
did the beginning of your sentence interrupt the middle of someone elses again?
I broke my finger and got to go home!:p
Customers were pretty cool today. Except the dude on his "I don't want no black Nick Fury" rant. I hate it when the internet comes to work.
Oh boi, what a game the last Minute!!!! Rangers!! Rangers!!
Hmu when your ready for reality.
' My friend, send up before you all the good you can muster. After you die, friends, relatives and acquaintances will forget you sooner than
Brothers? Blake Shelton, Dale Earnhardt Jr and Josh Duhamel.
yum I wish I had thought of that while I was there ;)
Tomatometer Watch: Battleship People couldn't believe it when it was first announced but here we are, a movie adaptation of the Hasbro bo
Thanks! :D
Go online to NBC's website and support #teamblack Escape Routes. They awesome. Genuine guys!
Climbing Into your bed at night is the best feeling in the world.. :)
Yea how u doing
Don't forget... sponsor notes by Friday or else... well or else you won't be where you'll want to be on 04/18!
Do you ever think about if people actually want to talk on a bus??
The most productive thing I've done today was watch the new south park.
Oh what you botherin me for????
Because im sick of waking up every morning...
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention No makeup!
you got it brudar!
Thank you for encouraging our young techs to do something different in life! If you need help setting up the website, let us know!
Paul Pierce is feeling it right now. Joe Johnson doesn't know what's going on.
Watch my Film " Enemies Among Us" on Showtime yall!
I love California!!
MT : There goes a chunk of my childhood MT : Maurice Sendak dies, children's author who saw sometimes-dark side of childhood
Thx to our most loyal followers and RT'ers:
The NFL has the San Diego Chargers, why not the Los Angeles Lightning? Just keep the uniforms the same with a different helmet logo
people should think before they speak because they speak can hurt people
“: reading pride and prejudice and isn't it just 350 pages of riveting stuff” Yes!!
cant i get a follow of you. You rock on WWE.
fixed your piece o shit dodge neon do us all a favor and buy a saturn next time
punch drunk from all those rockets she stopped! She's gonna be dizzy for a while!
Friendly wales and dolphins in Malibu today :)
Rental Market Emerges as Housing's Bright Spot, Reported by Realtor Magazine Daily Real Estate News
THANK U FOR HAVING ME!!
How did Hellen Kellers parents punish her? Rearranging the furniture.
5 hours when you're ON the clock
You're in Nashville recruiting or looking for engineers to work in Nashville?
#IThankGod for all these hours at work so I can have that $$$ on my vacation days !
Does anybody know any details regarding the Night of Main Events 2? We're trying to decide on V.I.P or regular tickets.
When u put ur head down for a couple of seconds the u realize its time to go n u didn't even start ur test yep that just happened to me!!!!
Now we are debating something w/out evidence in either direction. In the realm of conspiracy, conspiracies are rarely true.
This is true ROAD UNIT support! RT : HELL YES!
And most likely even more huge for social.
17 jars of strawberry rhubarb jam, hot fudge, and 5 jars of pickles. it's been a productive day- i'm ready to be rapture'd now.
oi oi oi oi oi date???? I don't want my wax or remi to be a waste
Like I know where the hell I am!? Patience, young'un.
i aint no fuckin parody! This is a movement, bitch!
welcome!!! thanks for following me as well :D nice to meet ya!
RT : "You don't want to be on [Murdoch's] wrong side, because he'll kill ya with headlines."
World Series by 2013
.. Lmao I none remember that
what are they delivering?
I believe I can say with a high degree of certainty that City Cafe is my favorite breakfast spot in Houston, unpretentious & fresh.
Are all directioners on there period? Some of them insult the US, I mean come on calling us losers? Go swim in a shark tank you bloody bitch
YES YOU DID. Stop lying!
Food Fact of the Day: April 30, 1988 McDonald's announced it will open 20 Moscow restaurants. They serve Bolshoi Mak instead of Big Macs.
Hahaha yes, highly appreciated! Thanks :)
If pigs had wings, that would be SO not okay.
should tour and bring his cute ass baack to texas, baby. :)
ok quit begging... Sound like a fat kid... ugh daddy uggh can ugh have some cake...
); they not coming to Jacksonville ....
Our retro patio party is fixin' to start in just a few minutes! Can't wait to rock out to the 70s vibe - hope you'll be there!
Um. is kinda killing it in Austin.
I'm sure it was well worth your time and the trip up here for a pair of $40 cleats
I love Bob Dylan.
Ohmygod. When Lucas said that people were calling him gay and that made him feel bad... That's so sad! He's only 9.
Whoo Hooo! everyone follow her plzz! she deserves it! :)
2 things that will brighten up this #rainy #Boston day? Making #meatballs & catching up on wld be proud.
judging by your tweets sounds like you're having my kinda morning.
Be known for pleasing others, espcecially if you govern them
LA better not fuck up again
i hope my mommy goes tonight. call her up tor! she needs a talkin' to!
I disagree... they hurt. They just font hurts as much because we are realistic
This may be the most boring movie ever.
good morning Jason(: i hope you have a good day !
Only if the angle b/w where Latos is standing, Leake is standing, and where they're throwing is 90°; maybe?
Great job tonight!! RT : gets nice applause.
I HAVE NO PEPPERS IN MY POCKETS!!!
Kobe bout to blow this damn game man
Text Me ?
Hahaha YES WE CAN! I wanna be involved in this celebration </3
Suprised Kim got the 100k. Best player by far but didn't think she was likeable. Then again not many of them were this season
Watching the video of the parade in my office. Had to turn off volume being grumpy Pats fan Bossman is back from Indy! EEk!
Felix vs. Wilks. Good test. Bring some bats against a Seattle team that knows how to hit in Comerica.
What a horseshit call.
Watching Titanic(:
Stop by Grove this weekend & pick up some Traminette for Turkey Day. Free tastings, new releases, $3 glasses & 20% off all Traminette wines.
Its no reason yu should act your sibling age when yu older, teach them how to act hell yu done been there before
CD release show TMW NIGHT! Can't wait to see you all there!
Yeah, that 10-loop combo might take a while to work up to. Congrats on the shot though, that's awesome.
Those boys love saying the President is lying.
Today is crawling by at a snail's pace...
To the hoop , strong everytime. Take it to the basket men.....good things happen
I love college football! Great game #TCU #Boise, great win
Sixty years ago today, Jan 26th 1950, India declared itself a Sovereign Democratic Republic. Happy 60th Republic Day – INDIA!
court date skip trial
got mad at my parents for making me get a job becuase i worked during prime wing night hours, SO I GET SARKU NOW heheheh
I love texting 😊
Janet Jackson Unveils Slimmer Body in NutriSystem Ads - IndiaGlitz
Missing Kombucha Bklyn since I left NYC! According to #ChineseMed kombucha enhances immunity and digestion.
They're quite large, aren't they? I'm even overwhelmed when I go down there. They seem to add lanes every time I'm away. :)
Meant mic, not mike
A #Virgo is annoyingly good at everything. No matter how much people hate on them a Virgo will always make sure to get the job done."
The flatbread includes parmesan, mozzarella, goat and blue cheeses. Enjoy!
is off to a potluck networking group with a lopsided fritata. How come the perfect dish I made for just us can never be replicated?
In the theater waiting for #Avengers to start. This is the culmination of 5.5 years of waiting...Avengers Assemble!
Very cool. :)
What's a good site for creating an online portfolio?
Wana go tommorrow? me and some friends are going tommorrow to see think like a man
big big storm in port allen , LA...biggest 1 I've been in years
Things are slowly changing <3
oh no! Tell us you were at least able to catch the show?!?!
Did it just for YOU LOVE! <3
2nights spotlight segment - talk music & how to avoid working full time for a quarter century. 1am after SNL on
This is our concern, dude
Ick my friend discovered a cricket in her sandwich at lunch today.... So gross. Still feel squeamish from seeing it.
hey girl! any new piercings coming? miss the ears. ever wear em all for $hits and giggles?
Watching "War Horse"
great since i woke up to the news that #PutYourHeartsUp is now on iTunes!!!
On TUesday Aug 7th wrestling will once again be at the Warren County fair. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Except you--come visit!
I'm out on the lawn watching a hundred typewriters soaked in green paint.
Something does NOT feel right....
I'm on the bandwagon. The new record is pretty great.
Guess it's time to head out! Later Twitter!!
The new website will be up by October 1, 2011! We will have listings for every dealership at Thousand Oaks Auto Mall with discounts coming!
daniel likes to say it was "before my time"
just a tweet good night from you would rock my night
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Hooray! Was it The One?
WB I-70 NOW CLOSED fr Goodland, KS to Denver. No vacancies in hotels.
How come you're not a Sacramento fan?!
Cool ! are you gonna be at school Monday ？
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people's judgmental views about christians, no it does not make you a boring weirdo that dresses like a nun
back from south africa and another wonderful trip. if you go visit manchester mansions in cape town and kapama game reserve in kruger.
hey tweeters. just remember. on the other hand, you have different fingers! Happy Birthday to Lucille Ball and Nephew Joshua! Great party!
aw, woke up to a reply from Bryan Stars of hearts=) made my week.
Ferrsure man thats the way to do it !!
In this situation it's better when I expect less, WAY less
Don't be haten on the weaker fellas today
How do letters ever get where they're going when they're stationary?
How are you gonna ignore me, and pretend you don't care about me, when i remember not to long ago you said you loved me..
:) pretty much, yes!
The usual this weekend - party, trouble, women. Set for Ireland in Aug, should be having some fun in Chicago and Iowa this Summer.
20th Century Cincinnati the vintage modern goodies show is at the Sharonville Convention Center this weekend. Retro groovy man!
Twitter, have a great weekend.
Jazz vinyl records from the 50s --> happiness! :-)
hahaha ill testify
Going to elmwood fitness center later!
Good Morning All!!! Feeling good today...n
Thank you for sharing!
No doubt. Gotta represent mah #Fringe love. You?
Spurs take the lead. Let's go!
Greys Anatomy renewed for another two seasons
hey Surplus! Love ya!
OMG haha I definitely don't see it :p
Happy Birthday!
the new series "Shameless" is awesome!!
is #Following back : #Thanks very much & nice to tweet you ;))
Eating at a steakhouse makes me feel like and American
“: If its not Positive it's not relevant!” true:)
For u to take up arms for a fellow artist, is the most honorable act I've heard about. Rah, u awesome luv
Man finds dinosaur bone in garden - Sky News Australia
Its a great day for a paddle and some beach time!
Landed there are few more beautiful cities to fly into!
Playlist here in foggy is on point. Seriously. Ridic.
Seriously, NBC, this is such a non issue: #keepcommunity and 30 Rock - CANCEL WHITNEY. Why aren't I an exec there yet?!
LMFAO ": let me tweet ya from my bath tub #RevRun"
Has Jersey ever changed its license plate color from that piss stain yellow?
Shun Lee based. Opera bound.
Hey everyone! Please take a sec and tweet and tell them to put me on the show ;) id greatly appreciate it!
Sellers will go where the buyers are.
It will be good radio. So will you let me send you my credentials.
okay good cuz I was pretty mad!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Just got to the shoot location.. It's at a place called Deja Vu... Yes it's a gentleman's club.. This should be interesting
- U were right, a QB was in order in DEN. as a Bronco is awesome. He's now the best RB on DEN's roster. Gr8 2 C!
Follow me ! <3 im a big fan . i drove all the way to the post office to give you a birthday card ! heheh. <3
MUSIC NOTES: WOWEE THAT *FOXY SHAZAM* WORKING THE QUEEN STARTER KIT LI'L BIT THERE LI'L BIT
lol yes while I'm smiling and waving 
yes they are children's place. Gotta love those superheroes. They keep me grounded!
Always wanted to see fisherspooner! Who can get me into their show tonight?
I don't always workout... Oh wait yeah I do
8:35. Where do you live at?
Preview Day! Preview Day! Happy to host so many prospective students and families on campus today! YAY Preview Day!
RT : #ILSHRM board is seeking a Membership Dir-Interested volunteers contact Donna Rogers at JD & Resources...
I'm hungry son
fun night with my new friends :)
I don't Love her anymore......There, I said It!
Did I forget to mention this is where the doors lift up!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-38
havent sang in a while :)
Made it to fish
Perfect Night! RT : Great ride tonight w/ beautiful night in
Friday happy hour!! Cheers!
thanks for the support, stacey. hoping this will go away very quickly
Hi guys, Im writing that piece on coworking for a mag (will tell u more in person) + wd love to come spend a day at GPCW. 4/16 ok?
That's magnificent!
I just can't think or function that early. I think if I slept better at night, maybe.
“ I have never exp more retail frustration than at Toys R Us/Babies R Us. Actively hostile employees.”#dirtybathrm too
you didn't say what the job was
yes! Looks like super sexy!! <3
Dinner at Madeo. So classy and delicious. LA at its finest
Hey gorgeous how you been>?
Some peoples immaturity really pisses me off. I'm glad I've got my shit together.
i come
We hear you! Were you able to get help?
'bout to play baby dollz with my cousin YAYYY!!!!!
Things on our band member's minds: Rent, practice, Chipotle, Relay Recording, mixing, album art, Chipotle, beer, girls, Chipotle (extra chz)
Great to see today. Had a blast talking hoops. One of the good guys in coaching.
it's taking WAY to long until the Mint show!
RT Defense: Huguely held Yeardley down, they fell to the floor. The wall played no role.
To beautiful of a day to be inside writing! Maybe I should have been a ditch digger.
Found bday outfit had fun wit my sistas raven & love I love yall!
haha thanks :D and thats whats up! Hope you enjoyed them :)
hoes be quiet
Chemical agents causing violent sneezing fit are released inside my apt and contained areas like buses and classroom who does this???
What Hilary Rosen said about Ann Romney is correct. She should NOT have to apologize. Look at her hubby's track record on women.
skate boy was good but you should've had on there...it didnt feel COMPLETE (everyone RT IF YOU AGREE)
Seeking candidates with experience in a law firm records department. Great growth opportunity available in large firm in San Diego!
Come too Aj bomber and get a free peanut bomb. Heck yes
oh :S yeah i get it :/ what did you do ?!
RIP--finally--Barnabas Collins. Will miss Jonathan Frid!
"Masterpiece" great student film. We need to knock the edges off what is possible. The question is not why, rather why not?
Why does everything always have to be so complicated..
Your first problem is being mad at god...
I remain convinced that the only people who can gracefully sprint in stilettos are prostitutes.
Definitely into 's performance at the right now.
I don't know...I'm kind of remembering the crumbly desserts fondly
Thanx for a wonderful night #SFCFarm2Plate, , we're already looking forward to next year!
it was shaking, never doing that again
good studio session... gotta get back up in 3 hrs
got officially certified in handguns with the NRA!
Andy of you guys using ? We hear they're pretty darn cool.
I've managed to get down to 205 from 225. good job!
I've decided that I'm going I learn the entire Britney catalog for my karaoke nights. A Britney specialist, if you will.
People that take forever to answer<<
Watching Aladdin was my favorite thing to do as a kid :)
whats up with these fail or win tweets?
It's a behavioral thing---I struggle to live---you look at your watch.
If it were easy everyone would do it
Couch tour begins now!!!
congradulations mommy for still having all the pieces eight and a half years later..
O.o u live there?
One.two.three.four.five.six.seven.eight.nine.ten whooooaahh.! Almost lost it -__-
Such an easy lick smh
Good morning!!! Omw to school :P
I'll be biking around, not walking. Gotta have my wits. Plus, I ain't got none :-\
Thanks, we really appreciate it!
Thinking of skipping my St. Patty's day green today and wearing my #aztec red & black!!
After i finish this ima clean the kitchen then take a long shower
- You rock! Thanks for taking time out to answer the phones at #MixCares4Kids Radiothon!
Been listening to 's mixtape all week
I agree...get that in more bars
lol who needs furniture? So when are you planning your own #collegehouseparty I know and I will come
Fuck it going to start living everyday like its my last
First corporate gig on Wednesday!
Definitely excited about the yellows too, are they metallic, matte, etc.? #envelopments_011711 Lots of purples and teals coming up for us.
the copyeditors living in their cardboard boxes let out a single wail in unison every time this happens.
Good luck to the ladies competing in the Miss New York USA pageant this weekend!! I'll be watching it online on Sat & attending it on Sun!!
Welcome new followers (students) from the intro to news writing course I teach @ UW-Parkside. You guys are a wonderful group of students.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're annoying AF so it'll never work out.
Wow that is an amazing view!! :) Good morning Asher!!
Treat you like my sticky icky
:) RT : go to goodwill! It's all about neon colors, head bands, tight pants, leg warmers, side ponys/crimped hair!
Doing something constructive for Oscar Grant!
Idky I even freaking attempt
This rain is gonna make my pool cold
I love all of these storms today!
Crucial Data Recovery Cleveland, OH New Local Customers Only. All dat Cleveland Software Design & Development
Tomorrow. School -.-'
My condolences on the plagiarism.
My hope and change went to the gas station this morning.
“: forgot to tell u, love the avatar prom pic!”. HAHAHAHAHA. Will soon be half marathon 🏆
He can lay it down but Ima beat it up
havent had a good in ages! Might be time to give in :)
#Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe 5) Hitler, My Darling 4) Hum Into A Ass 3) Pour Hot Water On My Dick 2) Bohemian Rhapsody 1) Dildo Summer
Grammys was OK last night could have been Berta but I dont know wat in the world Nicki was doing? Smmfh threw...
I can't till later. :/
just finished eating at the blues city cafe
So, foolishly, I look to Twitter. But I'm using Twitter all wrong it seems. Twitter looked like *fun* the chatting and pictures and links..
Lizard Lick Towing. Best TV show ever. My cousin once arm wrestled them both for his car back. He's camaro-less now.
I know you have to running that twitter bruh, lol
Having a bad day
and you didn't take LPG?
Finally on the plane. Dress squished in overhead after being told it could hang in closet. Dog reservation lost. May never fly again
Leo how can you give up on your relationship?
Who likes fall golf?
its the least I can doo(: you do so much more than I could ever do.
had the greatest time with my lovely daughter Jenell while she was in the "A"
lydia is so perfect dear god i could lisen to them forever
Brookville Road Master plan - The Irvington Innovation Zone - "Forging by History, Powering by Creative Prosperity"
Tired as fuh
Greatest thing about living Uptown. Marigny and Bywater haters gonna hate, but we have the best trees.
Prayer🙏 #1 Rule Before Bed.
“: If You Have The Same Avi Up Since You Made Your Account In 2008 lls I Dont Trust You...”*now changing picture*
Tonight I'm going to send out really creepy tweets
'Reading' the WWDC Keynote. Boo.
Hey. Don't break promises to yourself. You are too important.
sorry for the late reply. Thx!
seriously questioning why people call my office at 8:30 in the morning ON A SATURDAY
I was just teasing. I didn't really mine
Siri, at least a part of it, on iPad3
what does Magic not own or have a percentige of...he's the man!
hope you rock your photo shoot for ! wish i was there to play, too!!!
That moment when you stick your hand in a frying pain and automatically burn your self.
Subtle shout-out for you in this week's piece on #mcbw. Friday Taste cover story.
lololol I'm funny.
#ThingsIDislike. People spending all there time on facebook.
YOUR FUTURE: What is cloven? Butts, yes, but also hooves. Also clovers. All these things are lucky and so are you today.
stfu! How bout a "I'm sorry I gave u a concussion handshake????" That fuckery
People are drawn to you because of how you make them feel.
They didn't really advertise the new structures so not many know about them except the regular tournament players.
we've got you covered on the gift for your boyfriend! check out www.fosterweld.com and use the code TWITTER - get 15% off!
Probably as sad as that today is his last day in Australia. Love looking at the pictures (: -Madi-
Diaper backward spells repaid. Think about it. - Marshall Mcluha
Hi Terri. My pleasure, thanks for the RT's! : )
I was I duno what happen havent been on twit sorry...i miss ya yungn
I'm gonna share a link w/ everyone. It's Justin Bieber and ATL related. :)
See why I snagged 3 more?? Haha best conference giveaways!
I want so badly to visit the UK.
YOU, my gem, are so, so right. But I've tried to keep my affinity for capes a secret. They just aren't appropriate for summer.
RT Metta World Peace is hitting off the dribble fadeaways. U weren't winning tonight even if you played well, Denver > too soon?
Don't want your grip, don't want your greed.
I need to tweet more
Torn between respect for #stevejobs lifetime oeuvre & disappointment he devoted so much of that genius to building 'walled gardens.'
Word.RT Being different is what a #Leo loves.
ASU wins - and that's a wrap on Day 2. We'll be back on Sunday. Can't wait to see a packed house for the Championship Game.
already did that
Local Seattle band MayWeather has released new music on their Facebook page. Go "Like" them!
For once in your life can you tell ne the truth ?
Boycott justflowers.com for extremely poor customer service. THEY failed to deliver flowers on time and want to charge ME for it!
having fun in the studio with on WLOU
There is a wonderfully diverse community of artists, here in 's lofts here in DC. What would you like to know more about us?
Awesome! Will be sure to download it and promote it! Check back later this week, as we are planning on reviewing it!
They WOULD call me from work and ask me to be there tomorrow D':
that's where you got that attitude and skill from last night getting away from that broken bat.
Amen. MT : I understand believing in God...But I don't understand believing that God intervenes in pro football games.
It's Rubie Tuesday! Come on in for some awesome piercings!!!
LMAO ellen.. that's not going to solve anything IT'S GONNA MAKE EVERYTHING WORSE LOL
No worries!
So excited...I ate off food truck for the first time just now. mandolin grill Vietnamese...loved it.
I wish you the best of luck in your future as do the TRUE #BBNFam. The true fans would never act fools like those idiots.
What does #BoyzGoCupid mean?
thank you! ;)
Don't wanna go to sleep because the earlier I do the faster my weekend will end
I work hard
I'm so hungry
I won't brag about being at the Obama fundraiser. I spend every Thurs night in Clooney's bushes, so it's just one of those coincidences.
ok I will DM you my #
Trying to tweet bout Cloud Nothings without using cliches like "killing it" "bringing it" "rockin'." Failing. They're ferocious.
excited our pal at frm the crew will have his Mary Queen Of 'Cots Pale on tap at tommorrow!
Thanks for joining us at BNI Achievers Network this morning!
Buffer Tip: Keyboard shortcut for using Buffer for Chrome. Try "Alt + b" to get your Buffer Box up to add Tweets! :)
thank u mane!!!! yea it's tru i got my own thang TRAP DOOR ENT. NEW ALBUM COMIN' SOON!!!! "ALL AMEDICON'"
I'm waiting til my contract with this P.O.S. ends 
I do know the show but I also know Snapped pretty well too! lol
Always :) So fun RT : thanks for the follow! We enjoyed your guest appearance with Mr. Calhoon Cd release party!”
#49ers ink Mario Manningham to a deal, big catch for San Francisco. With or without Peyton Manning, they just improved their offense.
Can anyone suggest Tweeters to follow in the Commercial Printing, Packaging, POP Display, Box Making, or Sign industries???
The book was really good - have you read it yet?
......when your broke people treat you like shit
Dear Windows Movie Maker: I am FINALLY doing this! Don't EVEN get in my way!
5pm on Wednesday. Anyplace you suggest.
I'm so mean... I love it.
I been so zoned out since I found out my nigga #DLive was murdered on #Schoolcraft last night.
Lost my phone..... Got a new one now......iPhone 6 lls
Workout real quick
I'm fraustrated because the highlight of my day wasn't quite like I wanted. Sorry mom if you're getting my bad side.
indeed and I loved it because that was the year Garrett turned down the ravens HC gig
When your In a hurry everything is against you
this health reform debate keeps taking surprising directions.
R U A GIRL OR GUY?? <111
A very relaxing Saturday night....
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity
DEM BITCHES THAT ALWAYS START TROUBLE AINT NEVER AROUND WHEN IT GOES DOWN!
sorry if i don't follow back to all of my followers, its cause my twitter doesn't allow me to follow no more than 2,000 followers. -__- FML.
BOYFRIEND IS ON MY T.V.! :D AH
At CTIA. FCC chair says top priority is closing spectrum gap.
Conclusions: Meshmixer - great for student intro. ZBrush - Endless fun, powerful. Mudbox - solid and FBX output.
with pleasure- let's hope there wil be many more
New Mexico EP CDs are in from and they look wonderful. Shall give one a spin here in a few. (via )
Lol why is matthew copying me ;o.
Spending all Sunday in your pajamas, taking a shower, then putting your pajamas back on.
Happy Thursday!
Fucked up foot, 4 hours of sleep and a end of course exam!
I hate putting my contacts in
Happy Easter & Good Luck Today , ,
I could see that. I record all EPL games, partly presentation too, but ESPN are only matches I make extra effort to watch.
Thank you!
yea that's what I see too !!
Marketing positions open in ATL? Graduating in May & willing 2 relocate.
done and done
Thank you! Just let me know. Some of the products are just getting down there, anyway, so no rush!
yup you're kind of disappointing me right now
I'm calling this week our Alpha and Omega week: new beginnings & several endings. Bright futures ahead &celebrating joyous past!
Whatever you cultivate during good times, becomes your strength during bad times
alligator blood? not tiger blood?
laying some mean cords on Google's Les Paul
yea, its actually like sleet, but you see the white flakes. :D & where are you from?
take this down!!
it already April :-O
Many People Suffer In The End Because Of Lust And Greed
": I think I'm going to quit Twitter. I found out Billy Zane isn't on here, and now I just don't see the point anymore."
Nice hit Jeter
new motto. lol
Sitting down to watch Parenthood!! LOVE THIS!!! LOVE <3
My day = Ruined.
Loud loud loud loud looooouuuudddd on deck.......!
Anyone Need A New Follower??
Jumpin Like A Fool!!
Please join me in praying for my friend Susie this morning. In surgery today to remove a brain tumor and is also 15 weeks pregnant.
LOOL! No.. (; this is gonna be a lot of tweets.. Be prepared.. xD
if I met Mau I would literally just start crying because you're perfect
I haven't seen the show yet but the book is so good!
Waking up, More coffee!
Did you hear? will be on today 4-5pm sharing tips 4 mompreneurs & talking abt
Gotta love some college holiday hoops! Big game tonight #mizzou vs. #illini. GO TIGERS!
its not the past that overwhelms me its other people and their effed up relationships and/or marriages that are overwhelming
Far from native but grandkids are 5th generation.
In two hours... we're launching our next big promotion! Stay tuned.. it's good.
in other non-NC news, had our dress rehearsal for out Sat concert. it went well, I threw up. busy night.
#Geithner on bank bailouts: Yes it's unfair and yes it feels unjust...But only alternative was: nationalize everybody or let them all fail.
come visit me :P
#NP Blow- Future
Stop by our Pittsburgh's 50 Finest Event this week: A Night to Shine Glitter Party at Studio Raw this Saturday
in montréal and love it
Studying til my eyes fall out.
Thks bud RT : enjoy the game tonight
I miss the FB ads RT : if you ruben u a pedo bear
ah! I'm getting my pass soon too! We should go like as soon as we get them. And what day do ya get out?
I'm Ingrid tweeting for #UrbanLibrariansUnite, an advocacy group here to save NYC #libraries from cuts and layoffs
haha well not alone, with roomies. But alone meaning no parents
I would never find another lover sweet as you.
hey pretty lady!!! How the hell are ya?!?! I heard I will be seeing u this Friday!! I'm super pumped :)
RT : Playlist for the last show is up. A huge thank you to everyone who listened to & supported Fader Rules !...
why does Twitter even have a 'block' option?! They can still read my tweets and junk!! #SomethingsMakeNoSenseToMe -.-
The bar is playing country music so we can't exactly hear the #SOTU. But the drink special is an apple pie shot so we feel all-american
I wanted to win the Ghostbusters 2 car SO BADLY. I drank tons of that stuff just waiting...hoping...wishing....alas...
Come'on #Baylor!! Fighting for the
I miss you
OOMF is the most sweetest people in I know
Had a great time seeing the The Betsi Feathers in their Halloween Show tonight! Bravo!
Here's hoping for the best regarding this Junior Seau story. One of the best football players of my lifetime.
Don't let me scare you! I still practice some of it years later, especially not letting things pile up in my head or inbox.
And pray that I may forget these matters that with myself I too much discuss.
RT What LinkedIn groups do you find most useful?
Dear HS Self: No one will care that you had detention for unexcused tardies in 1991. Take time to eat breakfast.
People need to learn how to respect.
So Ryan Phillippe looks like Klaus from or it might be just my mind missing
Shank Hall show !! March 23, 1 week from Friday !! 8pm
Why is it called baby sitting? I dont want you to sit on my baby...Shouldn't it be called baby holding? 👶
I got issues 😁
Fina finish this paper i got due 2mar. Making another trip to Senatobia later today with my Queen and big sis
what type of music you working on
Guy getting back from war on the plane getting a new knee
thanks sweets.
The first great characteristic of the true Christian is always a sense of thankfulness and of gratitude to God~ D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones
I just woke up now.
If You Gain My Trust Don't Lose It . If You Gain My Love Don't Abuse It . ♥
The more you comfortable with your emotional expression, the greater balance you will achieve.-JN, AotS.
I finally got Twitter to work again. Phew! I know, you guys missed me.
Wishing you all a wonderful new year. Tanti auguri!
Bike ride w 8 yr old done. Now onto to a walk w neighbor followed by a glass of red. Thankful before t weekend is over that t sun came out
Happy Birthday to my little sister Bridget, who turns 24 today. You are awesome!
those boys! Cc:
you just can't say anything nice about Tony Lucca, can you? No wonder the Wanted said what they said.
#GODBLESS ALL REAL PARENTS FOR BEING THERE FOR YOUR CHILD
But it would be awesome if they were! MT : Why do people think "blasted out" is a thing? Releases aren't fired from a T-shirt gun.
Most important question of the day: Where in San Diego can a girl get her hands on a bottle of Fortaleza? Priming for moon, grunion!
give a friend diet coke with the mentos in it and after 5min, he ice will melt and his soda will suddenly explode. :)
“: Jose Canseco makes a big muscle walking out on the Fenway Field talking into his phone. A joke.” hahahahahah
Good morning! So excited to join again. kula is a social marketplace-so imagine our excitement to talk about shopping in our city!
If you had a chance to invest in a Starbucks back in 1990, knowing what you know TODAY would you have done it? If so, contact me
Would it be inappropriate to thank the TSA staff who are working without pay right now?
love u 2!
i say can i have a threesome,she say boi you funny
Thx for the follow
We're rolling out lots of new dishes for May like Pizza Pasta and Sweet & Sour Udon! Mac and Cheese is always a classic, too.
RT : Follow us and include #myGearStore in your tweet to be eligible for a Free iPod Touch 16GB
“: #JortsDay is next Thursday!!! Make sure to wear the smallest pair of jorts you can find!” or just jorts...lol
Power should not be concentrated in the hands of so few, and powerlessness in the hands of so many.
is italy better than the jersey shore?
Company Shorts: An evening of four new one act plays. NJ premiers of all. www.theatrecompany.biz : "What's the show?"
Thank you New York...you make my dreams come true.
Did not go to Erasure at 9:30. Totally forgot.
I can tutor you! I charge a mula an hour.
I love this one!!! Change your life for the better in the #NewYear. # 3 The Right to say NO and Not feel Guilty!
Hot pockets for dinner at 11 pm
RT : What would #UNM students do with out you Frontier Restaurant?
So Happy U could Diee
It's a sidewalk not a sidebike.
see, chivalry isn't dead! ;) Your hubs and my bf both.
the sun brings out his sex appeal ;)
ProSight Specialty Underwriters Ltd. Announces the Appointment of Ciaran O&#39;Donnell as Finance Director
me to - and he let a new comer - rock on the track with him - thats real Hip-Hop love
WTF is up wit #facebook, that timeline is some #twitter shit
T. Million
can we bring in n out for everyone?
avoiding sleep because I would like to fast-forward through tomorrow. I guess that's not possible, so I might as well give in.
i can't imagine being anywhere else but here
Detlef Schrempf continues to prove he's my favorite Sonic ever.
is signing up for the Georgetown Relay for Life Faculty Fights Back Team!
Oh ok I get it now! Thanks for explaining
I would've taken a Jason Segal / Walter the muppet performance over a Cirque-du-Soleil bonanza any day... Why couldn't that've happened?
I heart Pegasus and writers.
Had a fabulous client lunch to kick off the weekend!
Since spring break, I haven't been able to get up and get ready for school at all.
aww thanks! i want to do both in the future - I'm not picking just one!
wit at this hour is a rare breed.
INTO THE WILD ON REPEAT TONIGHT
Oops..! I Did It Better!
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
About 2 go shopping with my spoiled ass 10 year old nephew. Who does the spoiling.....why me of course.
thx! We dont do super fancy ;)
was written about him. Therefore, its seen as hateful, which sucks. :/
I miss you more!
dude that sucks
Having been looped into this movie production for a while now, I think it should live up to the hype.
Hi there. Thnx, love to make u smile! Welcome & wow for being new - you have a lot of followers! Way to go. GOD BLESS :)
i hate that stuff. Give me a Sprite any day. :)
Fun fact I learned today: the Grimm Brothers were librarians. Who knew?!
Baby gone crazy
People always ask where can they donate or buy re-purposed building materials. I always recommend Habitat For Humanity's Restore's.
The why was in reference to, WHY DO I HAVE TO WRITE THEM WHY... lol
so glad you enjoyed it! It was an awesome year!!!
What if someone would help me get there if I raise $20k potential?? Would you help me??
no ones home
Burk: South Africa tops the charts in MSI Africa, Eritrea scores lowest world, now capturing new components of digital freedom
people are going insane
Thanks for coming out to see us and being a part of our Taco Tuesday!
Didn't see you in Eventbrite. Did you get your pass from Spring Creek? Email me your email address used: info
Who ever decided to take off nap time?!
Yes, I feel good. I still take in a lot of dark green leafy veggies!
because you liked him you cared for him we all wonder why we ever talked to somebody it's weird
of course it is. Totally different sourcing.
great music in next wk & a half, we'll see , will miss & saw this evening at church
bo I'm not approved for the #AT&T #upgrade at $250. How many people have I convinced to get an #iPhone?! did i say BO?!?!
The amount of lonely island the house plays <<<<<<<
Thank you! That's kind. But if you take it off, it looks like the editors will fit on one line. Much nicer :)
I am feeling a resounding yes. I'll put it down for 8pm. Looking forward to it--I miss you!
had one of those. Student didn't realize I can see what materials or what they haven't viewed online. How to get their attention?
How'd u guess ;)
Just returned from Salt Lake City. Wow! 1st time there...got to take a dip in the Lake! Cross that one off my "bucket list"~QuickBooksGal
love u but Im going to see my sis in Portland. So excited!!
Just saw the following: "Now available for bookings -- Back Door Movements." Uh...yeah. Where's when you need him? LOL
Sure am glad I spent money on 's & the package! Blocked from Sox/Yankees due to regional blackout rules.
dope! I'll start spreading the word. It's time to drop this
I can't think of that w/o the literal lyrics. Ma-giiiiiic FRAME!
you go gurll
“: Hell yea!!! get him back for the weeeeenie kick” lmao ha ha ha he should an call it even :)
Outside show Jan Sun 23 Grizzly Bear, Band of Horses, Pedro the Lion, Fleet Foxes, Cage the Elephant $12/Doors 2pm
DM Quietly developing a single-purposed digital textbook to meet the the most engaging digital learning needs. Can we talk?
whts up?? -anna
Cowboys or Texans?
“: Brruuuuuuccccceeeee” YES SIR!!
crzy lookin dude in the crowd distracted hansbrough mid free throw. Check the replay!
...Bet Beating us 2/3 in May makes Buck as happy as if he won the WS...<Bet he wont be there in Oct...if I was a betting man..!
Until we get #YankeesUniverse trending, I will OL your TL
Who are you prosecuting? I know your not being accused of anything.
I had a feeling this was gone happen..
This is like Frodo heading towards Mount Doom, expecting 10,000 Orcs and seeing none. Midtown's trolling away tonight, y'all.
Oh nice! Yeah I might be depending on scope and timeline and all that jazz. Shoot me an email when you're ready.
when pigs acquire the appendages to take flight into the sky. Lol JFK idk
Thanks, Rob! We similarly named folks have to stick together after all :). Hope you had a great halloween.
When words leave off, music begins.
lmao get u some nose plugs and some rubber gloves...
I know! I'm blowing my first check
what is inappropriate and offensive pandering is dishonest I expect better from President Obama's campaign
goodbye twitter world it was nice knowing ya!
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Antonio!
Word! When are you and Sam coming back to FB? It's not the same
Smh i thought you were bad for a second -__- BUt your fucking RACHET
Voted for chairs. Then played Pai Gow. Came back too soon....
Ain't no whiskey like Tennessee Whiskey
shouts back to you sir!!
well talk to everyone later im goin to head to the fire department and play fireman!!!!!
Will the wealthy step up and give into the treasury to bring down the deficit this year?
Hum. Producer for Decision Makers today coulda done a lot better with the seats. Everyone looked very uncomfortable ....
They aint bout that life .. Smh
yeah, and still resolving teachstreet stuff. plus doing a lot of traveling (wife is in LA)
I'm cooling
thank you. And yes proud to be a Chicagoan!
Last couple days in Avon. Won't be back until august :(
I miss kyanna :c Sigh
I hate my neos
: hope to work with you and First soon!
yeah, who is she? Lol
I thought of you when I found it because of the whole St. Patrick's day thing. :) Let's hope it's lucky!!
Hi Pheralyn, hope all is well! I'm exhibiting a video at the Kimmel in April, along w 4 photogs. Opening is Apr. 3, hope to se ya!
So I just got a visit from some Jehovah's witnesses
have you ever fired someone? <-Kelsey xoxo>
: YOU ROCK....Kiyla!
Corporate Meeting Summit is coming to an end. Great seeing industry brains meet and talk about SMM. Till next year!
where do u live? Like the town (: or something
I'm very sensitive about my Timmy T.
I heard the episodes of So Random! &Shake It Up were pulled. I wanted to thankyou 4 standing up. #EatingDisorders #Love #MyHero <3
cheaters will get their day
ah:( que no llegue ma;ana !!
ayyy watch out with all that bad talking.
A friend of mine is looking for feedback on UCLA Film School Masters Program. Has anyone been?
oh shit u got a twitter LOL:D
So tired my bed looks so inviting... want to share with off ;p
Why isn't Alex Constacio's account verified ?
I love the rain. Too bad my car has a leak in it.
please, please understand...I'm in love with another man....
Scott and I broke up again...
Every single reporting station in our area reporting "Sunny" gotta love it!
what can I say - I live on the edge!
yeah, have you seen "it might get loud?"
It's back!!! Stand-up/open mic every Sat from 6-8 presented by !
what happen to comin to see me
Where the fuck is ??
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which mak
Kinda cool remodeling two houses at the same time on the same block- near down town Naperville
Yes; yes it is. T : is part of the allure of ryan gosling the fact that his last name means "baby goose"?
Tryin to get to Bamboozle next week. Still no ride though
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved. Ralph Waldo Emerson
About to give our first FREE SAT diagnostic test of the summer! Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details on how to get in on this! :)
Hi Sarah how are you?
I was proud of having evaded arrest my whole undergrad career. Not sure why it's a badge of honor for some dopes at #mifflin2012 .
updating the website :)
ayyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! FIST PUMP FIST PUMP FIST PUMP!!!!!!
ugh. Sure it was a grand mal? I used to have 'vasovagal episodes' when getting blood drawn, witnessing gore etc. Glad she's ok!
Thanks so much Allison! We love helping other kids w/ #autism RT : great work you are doing!!!
Dear drivers of route 3, Prepare for more misery than ever starting May 8th. Sincerely, VDOT
And that ladies and gentlemen is how the cookie crumbles.
call the police
Oh dear, he's wearing a Cubs shirt today.
Hi Janit! Miss U... follow Easter is coming and I'm starting to get the word out about baskets 4 kids!
Any artist interested in performing at da Sub t Sunday Send stage name to
I heard you were the MVP of Wednesday night basketball?!? I wish I got to see you play!!
NOT loving the rain. I would prefer something white with a bit of fluff :(
Yeay!! We are so excited for tomorrow!! We hope to see you in soon :)
lol alright I am gonna ask him right now
Ouch nettle stings hurt : (.
Hey Bobby! Did you get my email about March 14? John Waters?
If you pick sleep over sex, congrats. You're officially old.
": I hate those "WHAT IF?" questions ."
Why can't school be at 9? Ughh
Im a hop and a skip away from animal cruelty right now if my neighbors dog won't shut it!
The team just met Packers head coach Mike McCarthy in the locker room. Nice surprise.
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
its one of those times that i feel like biting her arm off!!!(:
Do you leave outgoing mail in you mailbox overnight with the flag up? To a thief, that is easy money.
yep, pretty good chance I think.
Today has been a long day!
good luck to your son! Should we send the your way?
In the meantime, congrats to the 22 White Station High School students who were named as 2012 National Merit Scholarship Semifinalists!
lol. A hot freaking mess. You could surf on the belly.
I gots all kind of protection, dawg.
I informed student he'd get an e-mail when his app was processed. He e-mailed me 3X in 3 hours to tell me he didn't get e-mail yet. sigh
oh can't wait for this booookk ! #preordering (:
Thx! The care center was v. good - staff friendly & thorough.
mhm. Not seeing any. Just your cover photos etc ill check again lol
♥ who wants to be AMAZING and give us some shout outs?(: anybody? mahomies help out other mahomiess!♥ -erica♥.
BITCH I'M SACKED UP...BITCH I'M RACKED UP....N DA CLUB GOIN HARD NIGGAS KNO I GOT DEM RACKS
So hungry! Going to Ringside to fucking grub with
Loudoun County VA surpasses the OC! SalesTouch now Boulevard Goose Creek, Martins Chase Camberley; thanks!
what's up
Spending a evening with my original queen "my mother"
Also conflicted relationship between soc & tech- theorizing the web...
Just kidding! Our meeting tonight will be in the Leavey Program Room on the first floor of Leavey across from the bookstore.
Motorists are advised to avoid Donnybrook street area, south Belfast due to road traffic collision
what station do I have to listen to?
rip dick clark. love you! xo
Thanks for the shout! Proper announcement of Loom posted… now.
Looking forward to a good old fashioned drive-in movie in #SanDiego! Had to bring my kids to Rhode Island to see one.
I could listen to Katy Perry songs all day she knows the deal
your truly pathetic, your so insecure and hate on pey to feel better about yourself. Your twitter won't last long *report!
If you live your life worrying about what others think, you're going to be miserable as shit
#Imagine Austin: "My mom always taught me that nobody's perfect..I guess she lied." You: "Why?" Austin: "Because i met you."
": Never tell a #Gemini they are superficial"....ha too late
Happy Friday #Followers ❤💚💛
Did you know that each year 2,500 left-handers die using products designed for right-handers...
<<< Yep all is well..... just blah.....probably the weather...just wanna be off work and go work out...
only good news if you have a good financial team, so you aren't faced with living longer in bad conditions
Welcome to Denver! You gotta get to lower downtown and check a Rockies game out.
Money hits a fly ball to left! HEY, GET UP! Get outta here GONE! A solo homer for Money and #Brewers lead 1-0 in the 2nd!
Happy, Happy, Happy Saint Patty, Patty Patty's Day!
has a presentation consultant to help all presenters. The is a fab idea. Looking at you ALA
Tips 4 smooth lips: When lips r dry, take a wet washcloth or toothbrush 2 gently scrub them 2 remove dead #skin.Use lip balm every day.
Congratulations to Emmett McKenna, who passed his M.A. exam this Tuesday, May 2.
not that I know of but there are two employment fairs coming up in May that will be in our next newsletter coming out soon
Before you play, get out and vote in today’s municipal and school board elections!
A1: Commercialism all the way, but that doesn't mean good doesn't come out of it
Drinking Blood Orange Soda My favorite,and had a salad from trader Joe;s,and left over DUCK!
Happy Valentine's Day you two. xoxoxoxox
alright heading to bed. its been a crazy day. thank you :)
"Nobody believes until I believe me" - the people
yes! Meet up w you then. Happy tweeting!
what did you do??
Stop controlling the message. Start galvanizing your network.
TRAFFIC: WB Belt @ Fish Hatch - Disabled semi, off to the side, causing delays
Live is like chess make the wrong move and game over
went to sleep on me:(
nice have fun with that!:)
Either via a group code we provide or by whatever means you provide to give alumni access to resources (if any)...
Am tired of hearing that free entry to a museum is sufficient public access (as opposed to opening up digital data online) ...
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable. - Jim Morrison
I LOVE waking up to 50 messages. Text bombed.
want to watch Four Year Strong!
well we're both weird, that's one thing we have in common....
Music City don't take no pity If you wanna rise up you've gotta play it pretty. The fire will start it but the coals heat through the night
#teamfollowback. Come on! I WILL follow you back! i follow ALL of my followers. So, guaranteed Follow Back. <3 unless u unfollow me.
union rags
#IfYouOnlyKnew dat I already kno how u feel bout me..u wouldn't hold bac so much..??
human subjects research data, once "deidentified," is not subject to HS protections. problem: genomic data can never be fully de-IDed.
Is very aware of the fact she is a female all alone in her house and there was creepy activity in the neighborhood
Signing an online petition: It's the very least you can do without doing nothing at all.
Went to Walmart with and left with D Rose lol ;)
We got a KFC
Found a car that I really love...but we're gonna take a couple days to think about it....
You get on top & start to ride, I pull you close to me & we just stare at each other. I can hear ur juices, I feel it running down my legs.
neat methodology for mobile: glasses camera+screen cast (dual video, in situ); reveals focus of attention, context; Caroline Julien
Time to get my skin fade
Authenticity is probably the best tool you have. And probably the most undervalued. Stop comparing yourself to anyone! You're the best YOU.
Yall swear someone always going in on me... I HAVENT RECIEVED THAT MEMO YET. FOH
Because there is always one idiot who wants what someone else has.
TGIF! Happy Hour is in full swing! Will you be sippin' on some bubbles tonight with us?!
“Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken.” -Frank Herbert
(book method @ a time) depends on how functional it is.
Mind sex mind dating mind marriage explosion
Thanks for RTs! Please see & for upcoming programs by H.H. Sant Rajinder Singh
I wish they would expand a teeny bit more my way, toward Charles Village! They should connect to and Johns Hopkins.
Goons and wretches - the combo
Free haircuts for military, police, firefighters, EMT, and all vets! :)) this is my begging you all to come in, <3
93% of US teens are online: a great oppty for youth to connect to new content, peers, and experiences worldwide.
When they’re empty which will be quicker than you think, it’ll cost you more than the price of the printer to replace them
BOOM!!! Thank you!!
i can't get over how cute my picture is
Who's the little guy? #kubball ROCKK CHALK J'S
they put on a great live show.
Meanwhile, my roomie who just started teaching art in a Bronx Public High School recv'd only $100 worth of art supplies for the WHOLE YEAR.
Tia's in now accepting applications for the 2011 season! Apply in person weekdays from 10 A.M to 4 P.M! Spread the word
ben i also legit assumed a video by "taylor swift & the civil wars" was going to be a literal parody of lady antebellum :(
True babe! That's why I admire you.
Thanks to the crew at Fox for letting me "crash" their shot. How was my hair?
Best Skype conversation ever with and
Grub St's #muse2012 more than met expectations and I set mine very high this year.
haha I would never! I'm surprised it's web legal to produce such a product. When will am I going to see your fach again?
thanks Rick!
thats not even a question...obviously it should go to me....
Going to call my mom on to greet her Happy Mother's Day and to ask her to do my laundry. Happening before 6p.
She's liked my last two pictures of beverages. She's thirsty.
You're not even listening. -______-
I will be doing Purpose Parties
Happy Thanksgiving!!! The first year of Baltimore Bocce was awesome and so was CHC romping of the Don's!!!!
New music, his career will grow, more fans will come.. We will sit back and smile, being able to say we're here for him from the beginning.
I say "shiz" & "shic" cus im tryna stop cursing it a very unattractive trait
Today in Blues: Clarence Pintop Smith recorded “Jump Steady Blues” in Chicago, once for Vocalion Records & a 2nd time for Brunswick Records.
Have you recently purchased a cat and unfamiliar on how it behaves and functions? Ask Brian McKnight. He can tell you how your p*ssy works.
yeah they deactivate this account but we finally got our password on our email so we could get it back
Bank of America is going to start charging $5 to use the debit card. Anyone know of a better bank?
Just tapped Victory Prima Pilsner.
LOL! where did you pick up #FACT from?
I won't see you hit the ground.
Kim Ramsey, Jackie Wykes, Jamie Fossen! Your support is a total blessing. Many, many, many thanks!!!
Tired moms serve breakfast for dinner. Really tired moms walk to the local Pancake House. Here we go!
my love can you change my TW backdrop? yours are always the sexy, I want!
i just woke up from that nap.. i tried to wake up 3 times but i could not open my eyes
Thanks, I like your accessory! (You can get a lot in that bag!)
When do you come to Holland? :$ ♥
#WhatWomenWant big ring, big house, and a man with money.
Um, I'm stopping home from work : Tonight's #Dinner: Moroccan 1/2 Chix; riso; 5 Dot beef short ribs; fried chicken; pork leg roasts
Unfollow this page and follow my new one!
Jessica Helen Lopez and the Women of the World slammers take the Jazzbah by storm tonight. Get your Billie Holiday on!
Missouri Meth Addicts and Manufacturers for Rick Santorum.
Candyass, candy tickle, let me suck your sour nipple. ( ew, gross.)
I can't stand no confused ass nigga!!!!!!
talking to a perv on the phone
"Aye!"=The sound any NBA player makes driving to the basket
The Voice is slaughtering one of my all time favorite tunes. Turble.
I'm hiring somebody to do my hair this be so time consuming
On an sick scavanger hunt through town!
yeah it blows oh well.
Someone needs to take me to when I go back home in July! Havnt been to that place in yrs! Ill host! *wink* :)
I love your books, and you personally represent Southern Women so well. #thankyou!
Final trailer in two days!
I really want to dye my fro???
hm..thats weird cause i just checked my phone and i didn't see a call from you.
WHERE ARE MY NUTTGOBBLERS AT????
My 3 year old has a better swing than Mike Hessman, why am I still watching this #Mets game
Come on Basketball! We've been through enough!
Am I the only one who's sprint phone is in roaming, and I shouldn't be???
Holy crap why didn't anyone let me know Jonathan Groff was back on Glee?
maybe it is your Ballmer peak drink.
Thanks Anything you remember that has some good graphs to show exec. types would be so helpful!
needs to suspend Tim Welke for that call in Colorado. Totally unacceptable.
And I'm kinda irritates cuz I'm tryna go to sleep and I can't cuz its right above my head
In fact, I've tweeted about 30 times in the past few months. This old man is slowly getting into the swing of things.
Pretty much always feel this way at this point in a first draft.
GOOD FRIDAYS
if only erica had a twitter so she could have a say in this conversation.
Bulgarian weightlifter convicted of drug smuggling - Yahoo! Sports
are you in a band right now?
McDonalds has all kinds of specials going on...but you may have to ask for them. The most recent is 2 fish sandwiches for $3.33. Happy Eatin
Feel like watching some hockey !
Not u, dear. I was talking in general. RT how was I treating anyone with pity?
and so it should!
Thanks Mike, those are awesome. Funny how they all seem to be taken in that same spot.
and it should've earned a lot more. I need to secure a copy of it on Blu Ray.
RT : First Davy Jones & now #RIPRonnieMontrose. Someone wants to form a new band in heaven.
can't wait to read book 2.
I'm so proud!! How was gym w headphones? Listen to glitter??
I love church :)<33
Sorry. Listening to this new Esperanza Spalding. I's over-produced, kinda boring, and just not doing anything for me. :(
#Team_Blake ROCKED it on #NBCTheVoice. Go
we have an amnesty chant going on here right now as it pertains to carlos boozer
"You gone learn today!" lol
wait dont You live down here lol ? I thought You did
screw finals
TOM WAHL'S!! I'm in you almost every weekend!!!
Is there anyway to talk to a representative today? The phoneline keeps hanging up on me.
awesome :D
#wewontworkout if you want to argue
you little brat.
Hi right back at you! Hope all is well back in NY!
how much for a verse?
Who is Leap Day William??
Take it one step at a time with your selves people. You're only human ;)
Follow me if you love Austin Mahone! ♥
ur always #GRAND and i hope it stays like tht all the time...u know wat scratch tht i know it will stay like that! :D
real talk
10 whole dollars? Oh no.
Just watched The Grey. Wtf was up with that ending it was BULLSHIT!!!!
Think I am in love he he !!! Beautiful . Enjoy your night
We think the choice is obvious ;)
Finally going to see a doctor for my injured ankle tomorrow, gotta make everything's okay. So I can work out eventually....
Today is a tea & biscuits at 10am kind of day. Dreary outside, cold inside.
send me a request Jordin Styles
How lovely to end a 6 week run with three nights of packed houses! Thank you to everyone who made it out to THE SUGAR BEAN SISTERS!
new site is cool you should check it out
I just sent you your email for Pathable. Hope it works this time.
That bullshit when you can't sleep and you finally do then your alarm goes off -___-
Just took a walk with my dog . So nice out!
Oh my gosh, it's ur birthday! Happy birthday Rachel! We hope ur birthday cake candle wish comes true! :) You rock! <3
In sixteen birthday! Space is limited. Get your tickets now. Be there be there be there
In a snap an aha moment opened my eyes and I was able to let go and forgive myself...
get out there and show them whats up
Media Studies Prof. Donovan Webster to serve as interim leader until committee names new director
Happy 1st Mother's Day! :)
thanks 4 the RT, following U now, follow back? thanks again !
Read through the test before you start answering to make sure you understand everything.
Crazy crazy times
Here's a helpful hint. If you order a pitcher of beer don't sit at the bar, you just get in the way.
DM me, and i'll tell you how to get him to notice you.
saw panel. You guys are leaders in new media, keep it up!
Can't wait for day 2 and 3 of reggae fest:)
And there must be other groups like ALEC that we haven't even heard of. Terrifying to think of their impact on policy.
It's fine, I like my current hat! Thanks anyhow!
Id hook you up with some razor sharp creases! Lol. RT : Who wants to iron my uniform for me???
Yes RT : You are what you make yourself.
omg i saw that movie to it was the best movie i have ever seen!!
smh people these days.. they judge people on EVERYTHING like seriously.. what's the point? nothing.
Tweet tweet! Welcome to the twitterverse
when life hand you lemons don't make lemonade unless there is sugar in it.. A LOT of sugar sweet like strawberries but cold like my heart
RT #LeShow Today's show has #Limbaugh on his recovery #SUPERB! a MUST listen
I'm not the first or the second. #9!!! My idea first- 1999! Now I get to read Anthro theses/diss.'s and see what they have to say on topic.
"You might think I’m bulletproof, but I’m not.” -
How was it?
WHY AM I AWAKE!!!!
- TrickyRicky wants to incarcerate 3x more people in Florida. Privatize, profit, and destroy families in Florida.
Thanks bro I appreciate that support!
it should have been 3 men angels and a woman as charlie and a woman as bosley, now that would have been a show. 3 fine men kicking ass.
Im perfectly imperfect :)
Got my track uniform today #YEE !
#MadonnaSuperbowl still GOT it!
Fuck dat dough, who needs it. :P When do you want to hang out before I go back to the cold white north?
Always entertaining... delivering the closing keynote at
it got rude although I felt like he mostly swung at MG.. he covered you in terms of how many critics have re: crunch
Goin' to sleep good night In the morning.mabe.
I survived state street 2012 once. Can I twice?
Today is the anniversary of the Marine Corps adopting the bulldog as a symbol ... was there a problem with using a BICHON FRISE instead ???
is cuddling with Lil Wayne then woke him up by jumping on the bed and shouting Wake up, it's Pink Friday Ho!
I don't like valentines day, it's only fin when you have someone spacial to share it with.
Altering your entire night schedule to make sure your home in time for Austin's random ustream #thatswhatmakesyouamahomie <3
you always do nothing new
streaming on #Coachella right now. I'm so hyped to see this in person.
Ready for the all-stars vs Manchester United!! Too bad Jewsbury is not in the starting XI, but hopefully gets good amount of PT!!
Afternoon meeting/beer!!!
#BernieMac got his start by working the El in Chicago. Everyone's gotta start somewhere, and it usually ain't Carnegie Hall.
Good morning world!
“: Dwight Howard shot 39 free throws last night? Wowww” I just looked at that too lol crazy
they should probably just grant it to him to avoid a further PR nightmare..
Leaves raked, presents wrapped, contemplation accomplished, movie with wife - Life is complete!
a murder of a military personal if NCIS is there.
I. Want. A. Boyfriend. </3
Your such a dork :-)
Yeah right Rick
RT : it's a October Out Of Town kinda day!
"My enemy's enemy is Divinity."
RiTE doesn't usually endorse products, but we all love shakeology in the morning. Make of that what y'all will. Solid meal replacement.
Tried to search for the tag <cfselect> and the first link on Bing is "Corbin Fisher Select." Good to know work doesn't use safe search.
I take my Simon sans Garfunkle.
“: When you gossip you come into agreement with the accuser. Aka The Devil. Who's child are you?”
RT : Don't forget to enter the Wedding Giveaway for your very own VIP ticket to Art Milwaukee's soiree this Friday.........
Many states have fewer resources for K12 than MN and are holding both #K12 and #highered accountable for college readiness.
we need to hang out again.
Still rockin' it out at #NSAI! Tonight is Christian Pitch-to-Publisher night!
Yo, u ready for this fight tonight, brotha?
yeah, dreaming lol. But at least I could take up surfing
?Energy (positive/negative) is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
How do you plan on surviving the apocalypse?
oh wow! I am sorry life has been moving to fast and I missed this new work. Definitely different!
That was most of my day =). How are you this evening?
Live it, or leave it.
Omg!! #WilliamLevy is on Dancing With The Stars?!??! I'm so setting up DVR as soon as I get home!! The man is FINE!!!!!! Que emocion!!!
Standing naked on my porch waiting for Google Maps to take my picture.
Thanks for the retweet! Look me up if your looking to hike around Las Vegas.
Can't sleep. So im watching The Big Valley on the INSP channel
Think before you print your emails and attachments, we can save trees by only printing out necessary documents!
Gabe Carimi is your starting right tackle. Even Lance Louis proved to be a capable right tackle.
God Is So Good & I Go To Church To Tell Him Thank You For What He's Doing In My Life ..My Mom Knows I Love Her
nawfside bitch!!! Ha
my day is alright :) hittin the books before going to las vegas this weekend! :)
I wish I was kidding. I think this is the house that has a heated driveway...? #don'tmesswiththeChoksis
I am hungry!
Allergy Notes: Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Canada: "First Kiss" Video
Between the Horizon League Tourney and Wells Fargo, gonna be watching a lot of golf the next 10 days. Best is, I don't have to play.
The refs have more rape charges from this game than Kobe Bryant at a ski resort in Colorado.
in the salon getting my daughters hair done for the week. its so necessary.
24 hours.... In 24 hours I will FINALLY be in San Diego. #excited!
The wknd is so close we can taste it! Clock out at the office and clock in at the #Poker Room where its $300 half hour high hands 5-11:30p!
thank you captain obvious:D haha who could forget?!
Phone and iPod about to die smh.
Our Wisconsin writer did it on the return of the program from being cut and the new partnership.
Take a look at "GET TERA-IZED", a Halloween teaser for TERA
I'm new at using the but I love what I know how to do so far!
3 common lies from guys: I'm sorry, I love you, I won't hurt you. 3 common lies from girls: I'm fine, I'm not mad at you, I don't love you
Time for the kick off to the competition #republikindustries =
Starting today my life is gonna be so busy for the next week. >.<
Man I tell ya I'm needing "it" pretty dang bad getting sick of not getting "it"
just sitting here thinking about my buddy. ebsen.
It's #depressing when being a #republican and you vote for #democrats because Republicans can't seem to get their heads out their asses
IB's r "radically vulnerable & revolutionary; healers while being strong; they welcome the paradoxical."
hahaha, your a loner! :P
Thanks ! I'm glad it resonated with you.
Lol, really? RT : If a Woman Watches Sportscenter wit me in the Morning and Pays Attention.
RT : Well spoken #nerdland |I had never heard that argument before. Adding it to my arsenal.
Sounds like fun!
"Moses and I were having coffee yesterday and he told me you passed him, speeding, while he was on his camel." -
that blows :( Xx
Quote of the day: "Rock n roll without the sex isn't rock and roll anymore. It's just Nickelback" (h/t Afternoon Delight )
ur robber was off? Put me up on sumthin new! What's a robber off?
have you voted yet? You know you wanna see the print team eat a tablespoon of cinnamon.
is letting me down. But it's okay because he's fine and quoting about love.:/
Yes I was one of the lucky ones that was hacked a month or so ago so I knew nit to open the direct message. How are you, Liz?
♀Prayer is not a "spare wheel" you pull out only when in trouble...but a "steering wheel" to drive you down the right road♀
Thanks for the tweet and link yesterday!
we figure you are shoe-in for commencement speaker next year, so start working on it now
"Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent." - Marilyn vos Savant
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. We love living in the Emerald "Green" City, especially this time of year.
Should performance appraisals of all city and state employees be made public?
its cheaper to keep her...
I love movies where the women are wearing obvious cross-your-heart bras: "I'm Spartacus, and so's that pointy lady over there!"
Do you use the "respondus lockdown browser" to give exams electronically?
So... I've been typing a paper for an hour i have I have 2 of 6 paragraphs done.... it's due Friday.... I get distracted easily....
Im Finna go For It Even If My Mom Or Dad Said No Im Still Gonna Do It OML ♥
what up!!! busy.. whats good!
Before June 1. Wish Keuka College students were more informed on local happenings :-) RT : but it'll stay almost...
HBK to the rescue
we love all of you so much.
ty for the follow back😃🇺🇸
Very proud of my students! They accomplish so much when teachers expect excellence from them and affirm their greatness.
i slept in ..on the left side of the bed
As part of an effort to increase volunteer firefighter numbers, recruitment open houses will be held over RecruitNY weekend, 4/21 & 4/22
LMAO ! leave it up !
Thank you God for another beautiful day & the life to see it. Also thank you Sweet Baby Jesus!
text me. We need to talk
You tell him patch
..better than a lifetime supply of Miami Sound Machine CDs.# manningtomiami
trust problems</3
next month
