There's nothing quite like blowing your nose on a Starbucks napkin.
Happy Friday to every one
but they round down!!
the question is: terrible for which part of our country? The super rich, or the rest of us? Romney hasn't forgotten, wants more.
Any Southern Cali bands down for a show July 10, 2010 w/ I, The Skyline... @ Cide Show Studios located in Los Angeles, CA. Message us.
Thanks again to for having me on and like usual making it fun, always an adventure but always a blast going on with him!
So I can't sleep plus.im bored this sucks so bad
I feel like deleting all my family off fb, I can't say shit without getting in trouble
This song is so cool u got a good sounD and i have ur album too u are back and selena is lucky. PLEASE FOLLOW :(!<>3
The best surprise is waking up next to the person you love=]
I'd like to think, they'll be old men doing this, but who knows. As much as I don't want it to define him, it already has!
To be at peace with ourselves we need to know ourselves.
Remember whatever you consistently think about and focus upon, you move toward. ....Get your mind right! 👊
Get the hair did
well, they took my rings they took my
Thanks for coming out tonight #MLA. Hope you enjoyed the presentation. Stay secure Baltimore!
HA! Universal McCann as Activation Director for Johnson & Johnson :) start 4/23
is James on right now?? I saw you're two tweets. :)
San Antonio: Temps today will be above avg. high 88. It will turn much cooler tomorrow and Saturday. Today: M/sunny and very warm, high 88.
Hard Rock Cafe at 116 Pike. Come us upstairs!
would love this "pene" with a nice cream sauce! ;)
#itgrindsmygears when the internet goes down so i decide 2 put in a movie & as soon as it starts the internet comes back on!!
I haven't but I saw them on Yelp. It's just a far drive from uptown for a calorie-laden food I shouldn't be eating anyway! :)
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 2
i love you and all. But i just don't understand your tweets
#ABCin2012 RT Good to know is using two worst mayors in recent SD history for inspiration.
☐ Single. ☐ Taken. ☑ Tired of getting hurt.”
Don't forget at Madfrog Thursday joining them will be my friends and partners in crime & #JuanCosby!
Peace on Earth. Please.
i always wanted to see if that would help
bored out of my mind at my bro's () chess tournament so far hes winning !!!!
great job:-)
is at Zanzibar Brews finishing his Psycholinguistics final.
My fios is fine.
so young. What year was that?
no matter what or where I was. I supported n was 100
Your icon is a poster on my wall! ♥ ♥Bretana♥
haha me to! But I'm still confused... Lol I'll believe it when I see it :)
I've been dreaming of this show all day!
sounds like a kin of night!
Is getting ready for the Ort show on Sunday. Please stop by my booth and register to win a RIU vacation.
TONIGHT: KUAF Fulbright Summer Chamber Music Festival @ St. Paul's Episcopal Church, 7:30 p.m. The public is invited to attend.
It's Wednesday! You know what that means, $10 off all bottles of wine for
I know nuts...Van Pelt just mentioned it, but they are waiting on more confirmation...
Not really. I'll still pull for them in the AL, but haven't really been a "fan" since Pedro left.
In nat mood..finna make sum pop-corn then watch a scary movie on my laptop
Holiday shopping is done, but I'm still finding more stuff to buy and buying it. Now I'm over budget. Shucks.
": Ever just feel like you're in a bit of a funk?" No. I'm a winner.
#nowplaying John Coltrane "Blue Train." (In celebration of the 3 Great American Contributions: The Declaration, Skyscrapers, Jazz.)
Thurs 2/9 will be conducting a few fan interviews at 730pm w/ Col. Bruce for an upcoming DVD about #WSP WoodTour
i love all my followers
lol tell me where it happened and I'll tell you of you're right
#southpark always makes me smile. butters just shot a guy in the dick and they raped indiana jones.
Anyone have any idea how long it's supposed to take to find a computer file? Someone must've done research on this.
right?!:D && thankyoou(: im following yoou back too:b
Gsa's Katie Lewin: #Fedramp is not procurement, it's security.
Great column today. I guess my response to 58% is glass half-full: expected it would be more of them who would say that.
"See Friendship" is my favorite Facebook feature because I'm bad at stalking and I need help
Not a fan of apps trying to take over and self post junk. I already have no control over things as is!!!
Either way my hate4her would b worth whatever shit my reaction got me in2 lol & I'm not2good2really slaughter her,anymore.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
worse, bankruptcy. Acct stole big $. Had no credit to start again. 20+ yrs later they are more successful than ever
I was going to buy one too, but didn't RT : Mega-million hit in Baltimore County...are you sharing with fav aunt?
RT : Any soccer fans out there?! Friday and Saturday of German Fest this year, there will be a soccer tournament in......
Ok contact us at contact(at)desirablemag.com with more info. Thanks for checking us out.
We are born into the world of nature; our second birth is into the world of spirit. -Bhagavad-gita
Really want to try this Orange Leaf place!!
going 2 get my m.r.i. today
oh my gosh that's great! congrats :)
Monitoring post will be coming out wednesday or thursday this week,the latest. Just making screen shots & the major bullet points
much appreciated!!!
Happy birthday!!! =]
Oh thank u (:
RIGHT ON BROTHA!!! LOVE YOU USO
no it's not. You're dumb.
SOMEONE NEED TO GET ME BLAZED....
I can't explain the amount of happiness and excitement I have right now! I'm finding it so hard to work!
living the dream and looking forward to a great race in Kansas! Hope you are having a great week.
Oh yea, they're running quite an operation over there nowadays. How did you feel about the school after graduating?
Don't talk to twitter....talk to me
high school or college?
im truly inlove
I want copies of either one if somebody has em.
is far too talented and stunning to only have 102 followers.
And as always: puzzled that writers can imagine a future where sexual object choice is unimportant, but where everyone is still monogamous.
11 picks for tomorrow! Get all 11 for $25! Great price for a great hot streak at 20-8. PayPal to
Kevin Cronin from REO Speedwagon turns 60 today. He creeps me out just a little bit.
Like you have to do what makes you happy cause in the end whos there? you.
Awesome day! Great class kickoff! Thanks to everyone that donated to the Japan relief efforts and got a great workout in the process.
NP. This is a harder than I thought. I often forget the small gestures that are no less kind than buying groceries
NEW SONGS ARE UP!
Very excited our Builder Exchange Event is getting great response! join us www.exchangeevents.com/builder
you coo too :))
Where she's gonna grow up, what school she's gonna go 2, her setup 4 college, her insurance, her health, her dental health...
dude what up?!
Attempting to bake vegan banana nut muffins tomorrow, anyone want the recipe?
so... We live here now ;) be on the lookout!!
Ever wondered who you'll be without the fat gut, the fast food, the fear and bad habits? The answer is: You will finally be you!
OK, BREAKING: Standard & Poor's has also downgraded the SDUSD credit rating to AA-minus. The outlook for the district is negative.
I was just thinking that!
they just mean the Adobe part ;)
Oh, what's up twitter?
I wish you knew :/
Wish #furthur was wrapping up fall tour at MSG instead of in #indy this monday... Last show before #NYE in SF is going to be epic
I thought the current issue was like that, but put a real gem at the very end: (3/4)
would do not sell any Illegal substances on our website. We do sell Pro-Hormones, yes, but no Illegal steroids!
pit stop for the nignt @ lebanon, indiana. We are safe. Good night, peeps!
My plan is to hit all the mini-states at some point, so I'd say go for both. So far all I have is Luxembourg.
dude, wait 'til the end of the season, we'll see. they got beaten by the bucks twice :)
Are you pinning away on ? We would love to follow you! RT with your name so we can pin away together! :)
If your not gonna fck with me I'm not fckin with you..
Well almost passed out in cooking... What fun.
Breaking News! I JUST SAW A DUCK. just thought i needed to put that out there
ThMrUKno: 666-mrk of the Beast n Revelation is ancnt numerology ID’s the bad guy, & meant Nero. 2Day it pts 2 ‘Cute Purple Dinosaur’-Barney!
And the nicotine from your room is starting to leave your lungs.
true, but if you didn't get FW in your Adobe bundle, Image Alpha is free. free is always nice..
check me out bro...we should do some pics with u in my pools. Hit me up...9724398003
The airport is one of my favorite locations. You're right on with Summerfest though.
Good morning! Music always seems to help me wake up!
Tonight on 10 on ABC5 Wellmark customers upset over rate increase and a homeless youth center loses major funding, plus your forecast!
plasm0desmata For me it's probably The Waiting Room or Oveime Is A Crime. Dan watoap
You stand with workers you cannot lose!
ATTN ALL FOLKS: Tonight's #dareproject development session canceled due to snow.
why wouldn't the rams trade the pick. Think of the team they could put around Bradford with the picks they get for RG3.
Hi Matt - congrats on the launch! I've been talking with Chris this week.
#musictomyears :) RT : I'll admit it ... I am craving something fierce!
& all in one presentation at
i cant believe i missed it! :(
Thanks for the recent listings Vicki! Looking forward to communicating on here!
baaahhaaa ewww. SO not worth it...
Sometimes all it takes to change your outlook is a fresh perspective from a dear friend.
Hell yeah, I'm going out tonight to see you even if it means going out alone
Tonight I'm into breaking up somebody's heart.
a promise is somethin i dont make if i cant keep it
Happy Friday Everyone!
Not in the mood for school
I want to see on Thursday so much! But I'm scared I'll feel like Angry Pregnant Old Lady at the concert.
Vash, do you ever plan on doing a playthrough on R.A.G.E ?
I’ve always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -A. Olajuwon
Engagement is multifaceted involving sustained participation, narrative buy-in, critical reflection & heightened enjoyment
Really in the mood to eat a girl's face.
I made a record bowl yesterday. Tomorrow I'll give u the instructions on how to make it
Harpool: Online learning will continue to thrive because schools need online opportunities to show that they are innovative & current
And if you dont have a digital subscription, you get 15 articles free, but their sports section is almost too good not to subscribe.
Why pay all the overhead for establishing a best practice during easy times only to give it up when the going get's tough.
Hi, Tonie. So sorry - can we reschedule? An unexpected library instruction class came up. Next week? (Not Wed., though)
what's going on
To whom shall I go? John 6:68
Awwh I miss you too.
Sup Danny!
Your A Singer WHy You Acting And Your Super CUTE!
omg. yes. How about May 11th or 12th????? i wanna dance with strange old men...
#FlyMeToLondon so I can at least breathe the same air as my boyss xx
Nice to see you still up, so what's up?
HELLO 'burgh...yunz...goodness...haven't heard that in years:)
Nice! We take our Superman of #Truckload ! RT : If I had to pick a superpower,I'd pick the Hulk.
I need to clean my room and pack.
I'd love to see Chicago!
I'm still reppin' the Saints.
eclairs sound very good! what kind?
Good, but yikes? Psychopath?
the school year went by suppppeeerrr fastt.
Is wikipedia addiction communicable? I think I picked it up.
RT : Drink better this weekend w/ our 3rd Annual Battle of the Big Cabs tasting! Get the details
Special: 1 dozen wrapped roses $9.99 – buy one get one free – while supplies last! We're open 'til 5:30 p.m.
two finals today just happy tomorrow the last day;)
Woah, since when can you edit the transcription in Google Voice. That is handy!
Lies dont mess up the relationship's, hoes mess up the relationships!
On the Table: $1 oysters will be offered . Each week we will feature different oysters from both east and west coasts.
Shooting a gun causes
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.-Elbert Hubbard
Noo way!!! Are they studio or solo beats?
I watched the game and Perkins did an admirable job late on Bynum. When Kobe got it cats stood around watching.
Do #SouthernHistory Archivists count?
Psalm10:17-18You hear O Lord, the desire of the afflicted..defendig the fatherless and the opressed, in order that man...may terrify no more
": Whoooooooppp!! We got 1! #IJustWantItAll" That's right...written for a rockstarr
A bit sad I am not at #cla12. The NPR librarian is the keynote speaker. I am jealous.
You lying !
all the things i've needed to do but have been procrastinating i will for sure do tomorrow.
At ALDS game in Arlington mid centerfield with Cody,Coach Alfred and his dad. Ballpark is packed
N.I. 09 - tip from David Murphy of Better World Books for social entrepreneurs: ensure that 'Mission Survives Exit!'
Thanks so much. <3 love you too!
We've been having a twitter withdrawal ,but enough about us ! Who pre-ordered #1Girl ?! We've joined the countdown with !
something is going down.
It will rain next Monday. (:
6am is way too early for a Friday call time. Just sayin'.
When your ex is so nice to you and still thinks yourr gunna get back together. :/
im gonna blow up your FONE !!!! kk? katy !! :D
Apple needs testers for the iPad with a built in camera. So logically, they've reached out to only my most obscure friends.
I'm going to CrossFit Sun in Poway. Loving it so far - you should definitely give it a try! Lots of places offer a free week too.
It would be nice if they would have confirmed the oil level with you. It is something that has worked well for our business.
Be on the look out for That Miami Fast Life Street Album...
Brer Rabbit — our greatest trickster hero, now swept under the rug. RT Name a Disney character you think deserves more credit.
Really? What's the link?!
new client in London for the opening of
RT : On with Michael Hagerty in a few minutes talking about the latest acquisition by 88.7 FM
dang! You're lucky you don't have to go to school lol
Vanessa Lunnon is performing in "Getting Out" by Marsha Norman this Friday August 21st at 8:00p.m. For tickets visit www.lyrichyperion.com.
I'm w/ u coach van gundy
Happy Friday David! Have a great day!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a wish, not a hope, but a keen pulsating desire, which transcends everything.~ N. Hill
lol i don't understand why pp change their icon or BG after months .lol
SAY SOMETHIN IS PLAYING RIGHT NOW, HOLY FUCK.
"I can just see you saying, 'GET INSIDE ME, BOY!!!!'
Night Wayne sweet Thanksgiving dreams! Hope your hotel pillows are comfy :)
As online gaming improves, and mobile gaming explodes, we'll see much more than a price-war in the traditional games console market - watch.
About to go summer shopping finally... it finally got hot lol
I find that most men would rather have their bellies opened for five hundred dollars than have a tooth pulled for five.
Do you have a strict No-Cooking policy on Fridays? If so head down to Smashing Tomato! We have salads, pizzas, desserts and more!
*cough cough* quit blowing your smoke our way, minnesota! I'm closing up for the night.
Words of wisdom: The more summer clothes you buy, the less you have to bring down from the attic! via
Welcome to new partner whose partnership with Benjamin Banneker Academy focuses on career preparedness programs to students!
Good morning!
got them!
Have about 10 songs to pick from for an EP. Darkest Days
Post Script: Seven starters took the mound the final month of the season and went a combined 4-13 with a 7.15 ERA
see you on the field sunday lil homie
the interview! It went pretty good...
that's cyber bullying
Thanks! Hmm, yeah, does look kinda weird. But then I clicked on your pic with cute tiny mad Juniper: better than brittle!!
Why can't i be pretty ?
The magical world is a world of endless transformations w/ obscure causes. Nothing is forever when seen through magic spectacles.-S H Sharpe
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. ~Abraham Lincoln
so this dude is really on the bus ( WITH ) <- A DAMN PERM IN IS HEAD !!!!
freezing cold right now!
I drove tonight. When does THAT happen? And when are you visiting!?
maybe you shouldn't be on them so much ;D
I have an ear ache and it's killing me. Owee.
I Don't Get Why It's Takes Some Of Friends Like An Hour To Text Back A Smiley Face -.- Lol
sorry, that was meant for original poster.
can Robert Sacre play in the NBA?
Starting to get used to life in the DC metro area. Now hopefully I can start finding some clients.
you just retweeted a fake account, I wonder whose nudes those actually are
“: Hey #Social46 - what's your favorite #Indy restaurant & why? wants to know.” Easy one to answer:
hey its me from FB!I love ur music&i wuld DIE if u followed me!btw u r soo CUTE!i wish i culd meet u but i live in hawaii:(
Alas, I can't follow it seems because he blocked me. I have no idea why. Don't care either. Was just surprised I wasn't following
JUST BECAUSE YOU OWN EQUIPMENT AND HAVE A COUPLE OF BUDDIES THAT LIKE TO JAM DOESN'T MEAN YOU SHOULD BE PLAYING OUT
“: “: why are you not verified??” I'm not famous” #humble but yea skydigg is celebrity status
them real words bruh
And whirled peas RT : Oklahoma City the only place in the world that boos World Peace
please tell me y not
Opening band for Old 97s is a jangly band in denim from Montreal. Ted does not approve. They have strobe lights.
Do work with my best bud d
Midlist is the bottom of the pile, all right.
I eat meat, but I don't eat it every day. Not for any particular reason, though. Hope you enjoy it.
#IWishYouKnew how i feel when you act like you don't care.
VST Instrument: Success with the refactoring! Pitch bend, modulation, portamento functional again after being busted by matrix work!
I did...Is something supposed to happen haha
Well done Tim #Tebow. The guy just knows how to win. Amazing.
I have never read so much shitty fiction as I have since getting an ereader.
Rooster gots all the luck -_-
Officially signed up for the mayor's cup 5k in germantown march 18th!!!
LOVE LA!!!! Lucky Girl!!
You could've at least written in a credible name. comes to mind -- even though he's a Dem.
YES!!!!!!!! I'll let you borrow it when I finish :D
I wish I was 18!
what up stranger
Tstorms blew in and forced us to delay and take cover in classrooms with no Internet reception
Being in this whorish town (New Orleans) I would have thought finding nylons with a seam down the back would have been easier.
Ahh, yes! I'm not sure yet, I asked her when they're available. :)
life doesnt hurt until,uve had time to think about how things have changed,who youve lost along the way,and how much of it was your fault:I
I am!!! My dad has a half season ticket plan we sit in sec 30 row 30. I'm sure I've seen ya before.
cant speak to CNN coverage. generally stay away. but one can't discuss the inequity of his tax rate w/o refer. to his wealth
Maybe Amazon wants to hire for children's reprints.
“: My Spanish skills improve under the influence of alcohol.”
FUNNY but TRUE!!!
I'm do sick I feel like I'm going to die D: someone talk to me please
lunch monday for key-giving-backsies?
how's that for a legacy huh?
can't wait to see #gangstersquad looks amazing
We're inextricably academically bonded. Trans+American Indians=4Lyfe
haha I'm soo happy :D I just got here and can smell the ocean water and what not 😍
I hope everyone is having a great and safe holiday season.
Another day, another rumor that the are up for sale. Only this time them and the must be annoyed.
Long eight hour shift at the part-time job today...Jesus give me strength!
I've seen that movie. With Niles from "Frasier". A friend recommended it to me earlier this year. Great, weird movie
There ya go Campana.
I get called weird a lot and always take it as compliment cuz everyone says Im a great person to hang with :D
What took me so long to get that #Ambition?!
If you aren't a robot after you score, you will get a technical foul. Tyson Chandler just found that out the hard way.
I dont understand Valentines day! I really dont but yet again im only 9 so yeah.
k gonna do it xo
Thanks to and others for calling a Tweetup tomorrow at 6:00pm at Belly up to the bar, mates!
I'm a beast with a golf club.
Brilliant piece of witing in today.
Also, hey, welcome to 's BootCamps! We're so excited to have you here! :)
#Stronger should be number one this week
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day. -Ronnie Milsap
So good! RT : #nom My first experience with Persian food is so far really good #thanksMSFT (with )
RIP Adam Yauch, MCA. We will always fight for our right to party in your honor.
So far so good, thx! I'll be on BioCh & DiscID in June. Waiting on Boardwalk Empire to call
so wheres fendi still in Hawaii
Excited abt opening on Mon! Stay tuned for my posting! RT!
oh it was good
Who wants to be our 225th #Twitter follower!? Please RT to help us reach our goal!!
don't wow me. I don't like going places in the middle of the night when I'm already tired
I got Oscars but I'm not an actor I got albums but I'm not a rapper
Thanks Joe!
so... ska today?
have a wonderful surprise for u! ;) promise.
so glad to have you!
you got it! Happy to help out, Give Camp is an excellent event!
MT : Follow for live-tweets from tomorrow morning's otter celebration! Adorable pics, otter trivia, and more!
RT : Your circumstances don't make you, they reveal you. How you respond to the life God offers you is what makes you. Deep
Love does not envy
That's my favorite show of all time, if you ever need somebody to geek out with!
ha lmao good luck with that lol ;)
BCMG red dress ???
no im from there and I live here now
hey hey
If you need to make excuses for not doing something, you didn't want it that much in the first place.
Every time I buy from Living Social or Groupon I have to go back in & remove myself from the email list. It's really annoying.
so tired
- yep. That was a decent 20-25 minutes of fame.
not with chocolate :P
Yes, I'm following your tweets, I'm majoring in English and am interested in your writing and screenplays. All the best to you
The meaning of "free" for Web applications
I Notice A Lot Of People Like Their Chicken Fried Hard (PAUSE)
When the desk in front of you doesn't have a basket underneath.
don't forget!! JOIN US tonight at Wicker Park 1469 3rd Ave (at 83rd St), fundraising event, CHEAP DRINK SPECIALS w/$5 donation at the door
I'm in a great mood today! It is kinda weird because today I've got a literature test. Oh well! #Awkward :p
Matthew 5:9 (KJV) 9.Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
Whoa and she has a bf
Tebow......I'm speechless
What a great think to have to think about just before Christmas. 😒 stressed out
A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart is a five star rating on #Amazon. Find out why.#authors #Atlanta #ebook #Streetlit #UrbanFiction .
The commercial real estate education continues for ; maybe 2day will be the lucky day to find the best location for us!
“: Aura Nightclub is set to party with ! Will you be there?” CINCO DE DRINKO!!!
Happy Birthday , have a good one!
i had dibs! thats it we done.
RT : "A big man is one who makes us feel bigger when we are with him." -John C. Maxwell
But Cat Librarian would be the best job ever! Hard to get them to stay on the shelves, though.
Thanks for reading!
I hate group projects.
Patron wanted books on camp games.
totally informal. Some are more visual, do the Tumblr. I'm on twitter lots, so I do that. Many do facebook.
If you had problems tagging yourself in your Green Man photo, you'll be able to now. Go ahead and tag those photos!
where to?
yessiree! :) #yeee so tempted to go out there and jump on it and then just fall asleep!
man this is the best show I've seen
Thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can help with your peer review needs!
Cool org! RT : Chk this out NEED. www.foodforward.org. Addressing the need for food in/from our own backyards.
You blocked me on facebook, now you're going to die. (;
Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties
Seriously one of my favorite movies because of the music.
I did too
Capital One & WUSTL's Delta Sigma Pi are sponsoring a Trivia Night @ Duffy's 7:45pm CST tomorrow. $500 for winning teams!
“: I want to shoot Joffrey with a crossbow” twice
No problem.
Looking forward to an concert on May 30
I built my PC... I like the ease of being able to swap in new hardware. But a Mac laptop at a dell price? Perhaps...
Raised beds are in. just moved 5 tons of soil twice. Lettuce planted. Time for the 8 jet tub. Your salads are so local now.
Artlupie need to make more art and less lupie.
Time to start being proactive! Off to the gym...Gonna make this a daily thing not a weekly thing anymore!!
Glad you enjoyed it!
THANKS U ROCK GIRL!!!
yes it is
If I'm not too cool to meet your mom you're not too cool to follow me. See ya soon.
Most feel it is in the control of the man: BULLSHIT! Find out why before we are destroyed by our own government! Wake up dumbass!
good quote
My Mommy held me in her tummy for 5 months instead of 9 months, and for that I thank her. <3 I love you with all my ❤ Your my inspiration💋
Someone asked what the purpose of education was. How to define that within the limits of a tweet? See my next tweet for my answer:
I don't want to go to school. I don't want to go to my choir concert. My throat is so sore from singing.
WE GOT THE HOUSE call me when you get a chance!
smile, its FRIDAY <3
WE DID IT!!! Thanks to ALL OF YOU, I have reached +30,000 fans!! Yayyy! You guys are amazing!! Thanks for your support! Love ya! <3
Getting so addicted to the APP Instagram... Like before I was addicted to my phone but now I am even more addicted... <3
All good!!
Two sweet words: "Satisfactory Lecture."
BE your SELF, Everyone else is already taken!
hahah thaks for the invite but im not flip :) howd it go?
COME TO TC :D
Hanging out at The Paper Box, bunch of bands practicing tonight.
yay!can you give hints on when the next chance is so i can plan ahead?gonna ask my whole family to help ^-^
aww y'all are so cute :) I have to meet Dylan at Teen Hoot in July this time ahh! :(
Guys, uhm. We love your Twilight fan fiction. But no matter how good it is, we can't publish it. No more, please.
the problem with going to godiva is making them last longer than the day i purchased them.
I want a tumble track at my house!!!!
Needs a nap after an incredible lunch at
good!!! Haha sweet dreams
I just learned that Alexander McQueen has died.. I hate when talented people pass...
swag swag swag
‎..sometimes i wish I had a stunt double
Hey, a pass travelled further than 10 yards. At least we know one of the QB's in this game is capable of throwing that far.
There's no hangover a Fiji water, a Xanny, & 2 arby jr's can't cure. O_o
do you see any chance of J.Crawford coming to Portland?
Movie quotes and lyrics still connecting us like constellations.
Development version is uncompressed and included all tests. Good for learning, CDNs & limited-control cases.
With the Cartojet and Cartoblast you can clean and fill any cartomizer for your electronic cigarette in seconds with no mess! nicapure.com
YEAH! See if Kevin is there tending bar. He's the best & he married me & !
the briber toy? LOL they make those?
Nighty night, keep your butthole tight
Can't wait for The Red Pill tonight. Really excited to see your space!
It's a bad-ass cover, that's for sure. What would your song be?
We got hacked! Our apologies for the spam
Its trippy mane
FTDNA 2010 tree is based on the YCC tree.
That was a beautiful rendition of the Golden Girls theme song.
Chili Chicks are almost to Nashville for CMA Fest. Come visit us at our meet n greet booth at the Hard Rock Stage Thurs, Fri & Sat.
why is it that the only place I end up being mayor of on #foursquare is where I work? Very sad.
Potential cover office band: Dark Side of the Cube.
I am in your debt. Have been hoping for an audience with the king for some time, written many requests, etc.
Janollari Reworks the Script at MTV
nutella, bread, cereal, and milk for breakfast since last week
Don't forget to ad GreenNote to your Facebook page! Help let your friends and family know what you want for graduation.
Yeah. I've been meaning to ask... When did we acquire this "Tribone" outlet? TriBone sounds like some cut of meat....
Thank you for following me, I will be doing the same.hope you had a good day
3 of 3) And we're passionate about people not only having fun together, but also in figuring out how to solve problems together.
On the phone with him (:
Will the drama ever end?
His existence irritates the Fuck out of me
Hope you will feel better soon.
What? Did I miss something!
Hospital with my sister
definitely. And haha aww. I would have been very happy to get a Pred. Now I want to keep looking for one lol.
Fear makes problems look and feel bigger, while actions cut them down to size until they are solved!
AdMuncie.com is new to the Tweet World.
youre younger than me, and you were born in 89 xD
Day 1 of the new diet and lots of writing to do today -- productive all round.
Scheduling classes for next year first period
what's on your tablet? you don't need MMOD do you?
Criticism of President Obama ad on BinLaden killing and Romney is way off base.what's good for the goose is good for the gander
: we need to start a shameless hussy roundtable for ALA. Then live stream our meetings on the web. ;-)
Are you remodeling or building a new home we have the products from sky lites, windows & doors. We have solutions for every budget.
“If people get these things and toss them, they won’t be eligible." Why not list the 200,000 owners on BOA's website. A letter?
Can't wait to watch your Episode! Good Luck!!
Thunder and lightning!! Loving this rainy weather..
And by me saying faggot, it has nothing to do with one's sexual preference, rather someone's bitching and complaining. Cheers.
Happy Winter Solstice
The Oddysey's Adventuristic Quest Music Video
RT : Anybody watching American Dad if they got married n 1996 the girl n college she only 16
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon on Oct. 16
I love how #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl is trending. Happy early Birthday Justin, Justins 18(:
Since YOU said so ;-)
Area schools without air conditioning need to pay special attention to potential heat index values pushing 95º+ Monday afternoon
Now that the Vanilla Raspberry Wheat is fermenting, does anyone have an idea of what I should try next? I need a session beer for summer.
I want them red deions and then Jason kidds
You're welcome! His name is Graham and I'll be sure to pass your hug along to him.
Ha! Sounds like a good time ^AP
help!!! do i take free polk headphones or free polk speakers for the wife's car? (which i have dubbed jetta world peace) decisions....
since you were calling devo c devoc i decided to change it.
The parents of two of three boys who were murdered in 1993 in the US have said they are "disappointed" that a documentary about the killing
Hmm, where have you been searching? Also, a round coffee table at 42" is HUGE. :) Presents a problem w/ cost of shipping.
Fill in the blank: I can't live without ____
Break it all, smash the past like it was made of glass.
remind me again y UR single??,!! Wow. Maybe I should make a beer run..2 Canada!
No Crysis 3 on Wii U - Crytek: Crytek director of creative development says fans shouldn't expect to play upcomin...
Wait, I thought she didn't list herself as a minority? They change the stories faster than we can read them!
wait, what happened?
Operation crib complete!
We're about to see the final three all dolled up! I can never believe how much more heinous they look off the island w/ makeup on
SAGA THIS FRIDAY NEW SPOT!!!! Vj Mystik
i think there's something wrong with me.
I'm sorry and im kinda sad :( ill talk to you tomorrow
Pittsburgh today for Highmark US Olympic planning session. Cool brand on the verge of doing big things in the space.
Play Poker, Give to Charity, Meet a Former Local Star Baseball Player - Tucson Weekly Play Poker, Give to Charity, Meet a Former Local St
hope to see you soon for sure!
Wild Thornberry episode clips at work >> takes me back to the simple days..
that's not true!
alright? You can come get them. I can't believe you are gonna do this
12 minutes of basketball, THE TIME IS NOW! .....Let's Go Mavs!
Please follow us so I can respond to your direct message! Thanks!
My bitch so fuckin' right Every night I fuck her twicee
we're so cool we're called the breeze brothers
not as good of a friend as you are youre my boy blue !
Suspect ass nigga
Bye Claire :'(
I just finished a 0.79 mi run with a pace of 18'47"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Not feeling to good at all! ): drinking tea and going to sleep. Good night twitter! xo
Shhhh... Don't tell: foot massagers in the #edu2011 break area. I may never leave!
🎶I've got a feeling, [you're] not the only one🎶
depends on day/dissertation work :/ but that sounds like fun!
so mad under my list page your going ham with the tweets the whole page is you lmao ...you be sayin some sh*t to
Thanks - we'll try them!
You can't have a vision if you were never taught to see!
yay!!! hope you had some downtime to revive your soul!!! xoxo
Attn- need Model in Boston area for Thursday!
i bet. i was in buffalo was like that also
Preforming for the whole school today :/! I hope I don't mess up! Wish me all the luck in the world cause I'm S C A R E D :/!
I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG BABY <3
Um, LifeWay run. Wink.
:) SO WHAT'S UP WIG YOU TODAY..WAT U GOT PLANNED
ya don't say?
I like those kinds of morning meetings! Plot away!!
RT : check out
no one lives forever, we will be remembered for what we do right now
>>>Kids doing the day of silence
Excited that is back on!
Subcat: People who do kettlebell swings with bad form.
ITS LIVE!!!! Checkout the new ReadPrint.com -- Over 8,000 online books by 3,500 famous authors at your fingertips!
I see nothing but fortune in that combination.
so im guess'n yo mama hop on yo asx & took the phone again
heyy can yu please follow and let her know i sent yu!
"A man who dares to waste on hour of time has not discovered the value of life." - Charles Darwin.
Sorry does not magically erase the wrong a person has done so don't just say it if you don't mean it.
Yayy one more day and ill be back at home ...
coolness. Thank you! do you guys promote mendeley to students? if so, free vers. or paid?
I'm thinking I'd like to be a flying squirrel ...I really like nuts & They never seem to make it across the roads safely!
Whhaattt? you weren't already following me?
I'm at the mall. I'm treating myself to a movie on my day off. I'm not telling which.
anyone know of ohio (columbus esp) contributors to the beat, post beat movement? d.a.levy comes to mind, but no one else.
DM me your email and I will send to you !! xo
“: I think its time for bed”great life.
DC: In the case of Michelle Rhee vs everybody, we find Rhee guilty of being a bitch and sentence her to pack her shit and get out!
Doing a tattoo study in the office today!!! I love the research part, new and improved tattoo removal!
I think I just nutted
Are you surprised Beckett is throwing 90-91 Mph? Obviously the results are good.
Everyone tries so hard to be an activist and to be a good person nowadays. Where are all the assholes at?
24hr College Hoop Marathon? And the Horns play today?? I'm just gonna go ahead and call this Tuesday off....
Do you need help or advice while looking for a new place to live?
People who forward e- mail without deleting the tons of previous recipients should be shot and then tarred and feathered.
Cant sleep...
Jenna was def talking 2 A!
powers that be did not like it as much as you did. :(
you going out to the reserve game tonight?
Will do. Oreo is on my desk now. hehe!
I just got back from running! Its so rejuvinating...hope u heal quickly!!!!
yeah, I liked it a lot. Not as funny as Tina Fey's but good. How's the little one cooking?
PayPal is probably your best bet. to accept CC's you need SSL etc, you'd need a full store. otherwise its insecure
dear cashier: there's sorta a reason why they call it the express lane
I am looking forward to coming & visiting your studios! :-)
don't scare me like that. I try to be a good Internet citizen
Oh Derrick Rose....
S/O to all my fellow Vets, We all still soldiers just the battlefield has changed for me.
Hanging out with my Buddy :)
I learned a secret from a catholic. All the whispers say, "shut your mouth."
Since launching we've helped half -million people access $1.5 billion in benefits & services,expanded into 4 new states
yes...we are working towards an additional possible lottery pick of or own that we didn't have to trade to get! So sad, its over.
Pretty sure my brother is the most ignorant person I know... But he must be #agoodboyfriend because she never goes away. :/
droppin another mixtape soon? WHO SAID FY NOT WORKING!?!
Probably with a koozie and some pretzels.
if Twilight was a political race I would have a lot more visitors to my site. Especially my target demographic of 12-15 yr old girls
This is what I get for stop talking to the best guy I have ever met!
Come check out the Wiley one and a life of science tonight at martini ranch it will be my last show in AZ for a long time!!!
Follow me please :))
yea :D
Thanks Lindsey! We're glad you like it.
Last day this offer will be available. $25 for One Month of Unlimited Tanning Services at U Tan. www.dealoria.com
The difference between agencies is the difference in their standards!
#AskBieber what's your restaurant to eat at??
i wonder how my bday gone b because if everything go like i want it to it has the potential2 b the best 1 ever
wanna go to the #brewers cubs game this Friday. I think I'm gonna buy tickets
The Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes has died. R.I.P.
I couldn't be anyone else if I tried! Love you.
My dad is so bad a** Doctor...Cowboy...Pilot. Couldn't ask for a more perfect father-in-law for Rickey today. Pray for rehab access for us.
You're not even worth the skin of my knuckleheads, junior
you're so kind! :)
Theres really nothing greater than being your own boss and working your own hours!
Now marathoning Misfits on Hulu. Great series.
....wow...is the Mrs. Is with child? A blessed #tribe#Congrats ;)
Pandas are black and white because they eat only Oreos. True story...
At the W like the redesign
I live in LA, but a canuck indeed, born in Montreal.
#Miami here I come.
Thanks for the mention, appreciate your support of a Twitter newie
But I fucked that food up at her house lol
Grapes are my favorite fruit. They are so delicious!
Hi, I wrote that post/headline. It wasn't supposed to be link-baity at all. That was the ruling, and how other outlets reported it.
yes, I'll be there. See you tomorrow.
you know you're a city reporter when publication time stretches well past midnight. Nice work at council mtg.
Getting ready to sample some beer Nugget, Java, Scratch 59 and 60!
Shopping @ #Paradise Valley Mall? Mention this tweet to receive 20% off jewelry repair service!
good luck Jackson!
I (usually) disagree. If you want it, usually you aren't so niche that no one else does.
#HERESTOALL I always look behind the shower curtain before I go pee...you know, incase there is a murderer...
i need some guns &a third world latin american country.
gets #Grimm with actor #ReggieLee - better known as #SgtWu on the Portland-based show. What's it like battling those #Blutbads?
This issue of has been the best to work on! Thanks to everyone involved, and a huge thanks to our team, amazing!
i know and care nothing for football. but, from what i surmise:
The meetings should have been held on the bus ride this morning?
hey, Jay R sent you a gchat invite, did you see it?
You look like a grown woman but think like a high school girl. Grow the fuck up and get over your emotions. I can't stand crybabies
Preparing to start strategic planning meeting for FDLC.
I can only hope the #Ravens can pull off a win tomorrow like #Michigan did tonight.
Thank you for the support Victoria: RT : Just became a member of the So excited!!
Yeah thats true.So how r u
cleaned around the house all day. I'm very pleased with myself =]
Time is running out to win 1 of 5 books in our giveaway today. Winners announced 27th Mar 2012. Your last chance to RT, visit...
RT : Thanks! ": very impressed w/ players. They worked hard & had great energy. Beck Center is 1st CLASS"
Demi is my inspiration. ☺ her BIG SMILE made me STRONGER! :D
Can my account be reset some how? maybe that will fix the problem. but would I lose all my history if that is done?
Along the Korean DMZ, the talk is of looming danger - but the feel is more tourist trap
I can't tell if Emily Wells reminds me of Regina Spektor or Lily Allen or just something better
I wish I had a Mr. Wizard. He'd say, "drizzle, drazzle, drozzle, drome, time for this one to come home" and it would all be better.
Do people use the word "honky" anymore?
life as currency. considering the exchange rate.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt
#4C12 is coming to a close. Thanks to all that stopped by our booth! We had a blast!
I need new followers to wake up to in the morning
Foolow me ? Kisses♥
It's like an egg white omelette with some tartar sauce on top.
My bad
that awkward moment when your english teacher makes a spelling/grammar error, you correct them, & they give you detention for it..
Connect with us in Cyberland! It's got the e-mail on it!
umm oovoo sometimes does work on Macs-_- try going to your finder and opening the program and you should be ok. Get Skype!
#FF be sure to follow:
thanks for your notes of support. It's all about building a community of progresses. U do so much for SD!
Man staying up late every night been having me wake up mid afternoon smh
knock em dead chick
I'm over-rested.
Imma just keep this fishtail in til friday..cuz I don't know how to do another one..lol
what day ? Hahha
Las Vegas Baby :D
Last day of filming in San Diego for
you're very sweet and you're welcome. hope your event was a huge success!
"I just met a girl named Maria"....
Nokia has applied for a patent for vibrating magnetic tattoos to notify users of calls and texts.
is stoked about an awesome meeting I had this morning... and the coffee... that adds to my stokedness
Thank you so much for your donation and your love and support! And for being pretty goddam radical!!!
Finished the week with 43.5 miles. 514 miles so far in 2012.
congrats, that's awesome! Definite perk of the job :)
Logged into the #ebooksummit "watching" the crowds.... Hope you can make my Ebooks and the Library User Experience panel at 3
#Youknowshestheone if she sings with you in public
#Pennsylvania - save for Pittsburgh & Philly UGH! Very conservative, backwards and SCARY I'll take high taxes NY any day.
But man, despite his riches, does not endure; he is like the beasts that perish. Psalm 49:12
Pretty sure they're open today, closed on Monday. At least, the Sq. Hill one is - I assume they're all the same...
yahoo! nice evening :)).
great looking forward to it.
Got to love the entertainment business :D
yeah....I just don't trust the pitching to hold up
included in macquery's settlement. Not telling you to shut your mouth
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO DOUBT ABOUT IT..YOU ARE THE BEST ANNOUNCER IN SPORTS *EVER*. 'off like a prom dress' Haa, love it man!
regardless how much $$ on advertising, or biz markie as a spokesman and snoop dogg music on the commercial. Sun drop tastes like crap.
On to 1x04 of #GameOfThrones. I think Viserys just got lucky by being a super-nerd by reciting a lot of dragons' names.
Dj powered the mix : did you mix that?!
This Lady Gaga interview on OWN is quite interesting.
I'm like in tears right now.(: ur so sweet to ur mom(: I love you Justin(: <3 #BeliebersLovePattieMallette #TurnToYou <3
My Rican abuelo said he was watching my people, , on tv! Lol. Ever since I moved to LA all Mexican's are my ppl! Basta ya!
Epilepsy Update underway. Dr. David Treiman from Barrow Neurological Institute speaking now on SUDEP
uhh that was yesterday & yeah!
It's a beautiful Friday lets party :)  
I will one day <3 But at least I still have the pier in San Diego!
Have a great day! #FF RT :
TV Casualty.
Yes I, Selassie I know, BIG UP all the FARMER MAN worldwide on 420
shopping trip when you get your big paycheck?
IF only turning my back could be so much easier with you..
followed!(: x
Your welcome man! I'm just trying to reach out to a lot of people to help support me in my racing career! God Bless!
I don't waste my time impressin people, I ain't gotta prove nothin to you .
I wanna know whos ready for that ft husband or wife REMIX video shout out to #FWM #CoKeboys haters and supporters ya
If there is anyone near Jackson field near CCA can you tell me if the lights are on? Is there a game there? (across from Thee Parkside)
The Igloo would have been proud of us all tonight. It's spirit finally lives on, in our new home.
He was, but it looks like his sister already answered that for him!
Now hiring in Pittsburgh for Customer Service. 412-645-6001 www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
Who knew #directing a music video would be part of an SLP's work? It's a form of communication, just through the lens of the camera!
My breakfast consisted of a popsicle, jack in the box chicken nuggets, and gum :)
I thought you'd like this, ": The Marines: You'll have no greater friend, or no worse an enemy."
I dont mine doing nice things for a hard working women that deserve it.but u all u do is sit on ur ass
In San Diego? Get to right now! Stepping Feet rocking it - crazy busy! Show tweet 4 no cover!
Where will you be located? Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for a potential second location in the future.
Pike Brewing Kiltlifter is good stuff.
In The Kitchen Cookin
yeah buddy!
Since you never hand off with the ball two inches from the ground, that wasn't much of a fake.
He doesn't quite get it yet, but soon he will. Thanks again!
That is #Truth Scott ... Hope you are well ... Warmly, Jeris
Girl your voice was amazing last night with ! So glad he introduced us to you and your talent! So beautiful!
Thanks for all your help with the show tonight!
J. Sotomayor notes there is significant legislative history against #SB1070 s work provision.
The big difference is that Art is more of an independent really. Def not a Dem, he got all his sigs on his own.
HEY, you there
Middlesex. I probably could have gotten through it faster but I never wanted it to end, so I savored it for awhile.
Any fool can make a baby, But only a real man can raise his children.
Why would anyone willingly waterboard themselves with a Nettie pot?
Had a wonderful time just driving the car. Feels so good!
Thanks for the follow. now donating $60 dollars!!! Five more followers for five more dollars to the stride for the cure!!!
What's your email? I'll follow up that way...
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
Start making electoral decisions based on policy rather than religion?
post a pic already! i've been waiting all day! its nearly 6pm here! hehe
“: what r u up to? smile.” weird how this made me smile..
Chocolate ice cream and onion milk shakes at all your local Zaxby's
Guy riding a bike on stilts. Monday you came through, thanks!
hahahah good idea
We are open normal business hours today!
We now have over 80 - 5 star reviews, and none that aren't! We are customer service driven.
thanks Steve!
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Tue, 00:16 PST
RT : TURQUOISE BITS AND BAUBLES: I've grown up with a mother whose jewelry box was always filled with turquoise baubl......
lol shut up!
just take a nap in the gym... Two birds, one stone
Can someone tell me what's going on at the Apple event? I care about that much more than the chunky man, er, Governor dominating cable TV
The only way for three people to keep a secret is if two of them are dead. -- Benjamin Franklin, O.G.
Who did they play besides an overrated Notre Dame and a Cincy team coming off a 2 OT win that has been up and down all year.
Okay..I was just joking. :D Kailynn has such great mommies!!
LOVE IT!! It's a lot of fun and I love the people I work with. Have you been traveling much lately?
I want dimple piercings like no other. Oh, and my nose stud. UGH.
followed :D follow back?
good luck! Midterm season is here!
": yeeee! I feel you, hit that hoe" david shut up!
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors , indiana stucco contractors, indiana dryvit repair, indiana eifs repair, indiana
#WiseWordsToLiveBy Cholesterol may mean that no eating contest goes unpunished but not that you're any less AWESOME if u win
clueless? we need em here in Columbus, you see the "zimmerman" tag on OSU campus?
before i give a really good deal to a random craigslister, anybody want to buy my pearl set for 450? -Anthony
does it count as most expensive if it doesn't sell? if so, then to set record why not make it $1M?
Monsters of the Midway are back. 2 TAINTs on Stafford, vicious hits, great day to be a #Bears fan.
People always tripping on the ramp leading down into C building.
This is why I wish I were.
np , love u more 💓 but now i am really sorry i've to go :(
The eve of christmas eve
that dude's a monster.
Finally got in to twitter again
United Will Lose Money, so Buy the Stock
If you keep lookin in the rear view mirror you'll eventually get in a reck.
for making roast beef political. At least you're pulling your ads from too, right? No? Siri, where's the closest Sonic?
yes that was my gr and mom i was like that hurt
I got Atlanta thinking they seeing ghost.. once again I'm lurking the city wat it do fool
I always get mine from EBAY. Just watch the sellers ratings. Never had a problem an they can be had cheap.
TONIGHT here @ library...Bill Black will describe how 2011 Pages & Places Book Festival contributes to Scranton as a Learning City.
GBMAA Elite,new Clash of the Titans Champions Was an honour competing with the boys again
Thanks for stealing my best friend.
Broken screen on my phone! Ugh!
yes, the eyebrow brow at Chandler Mall
The world rarely sees someone who has had the profound impact he had, the effects of which will be felt for many generations to come. -Gates
writing tonight. studio tomorow. got a busy weekend ahead of me
Traitor?? No comprendo.
If you put a space, the hashtag doesn't work.
Looking forward to it!
Wtf why do guys think they got game bwahaha, get ta steppin bro, im spoken fir ya caint touch this!
Going to skool that is totally boring
This might be my favorite thing ever.
Love it! I need my Connie Britton fix every week. Dani and I both have a huge crush on her.
I Love How Lil' Wayne Came Just To Do 'The Motto' Twice(:
That would bring so many nerds to Vegas that would never have even been motivated to go to Vegas before.
moms comin back home in a min & i havent done nothin she asked me to do ...uh oh...
sorry was having tech difficulties :)
Firefighter hurt while battling blaze that destroyed home - WIS
Let Me Put Sme Clothes On I been Sittin In Dis Towel For Da Last Hr !
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests
Man niggas kill me with this money ain't shit I got it I'm that nigga shit man plz
oh... Are you a former Canucks fan too?
Hell yeah! RT My merch came in today!
working a new in flames cover video....should be up real soon!! -Ed
congrats on not falling once! yayayayay! :-) haha
Ups stores always smell like pizza
I am planning on writing a Laurie Notaro-esque creative non-fiction memoir/collection of short stories.
are you camping out? X
haha - indeed! This is what happens when you let developers talk to people
You guys planning online orders for those of us impatient or too poor to travel to Vegas or CA?
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ Man does not live by words alone despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
oh i just i like to rebel against the person on the other side of my mention loll
Canadians Join Nashvillians For Flood Relief - File: /data/app/webapp/functions.php<br />Line: 7<br />Message: Can
lol yes cases of it! I'll be sure to what kind of Pinot grigio, too!
I'll have another : Drinking mint juleps or margaritas today? Both good options! Happy Derby Day & Cinco de Mayo!!
Where do you post your fic? Could I have a link?(; Fic for a fic?(:
I went and did it...50 years later
Come to any GRIND and help support Make A Wish Foundation stating Nov 07 to Nov 11.
Not pink slime but, "...lean finely textured beef." Right....
"A #war against #terrorism is more like a war against poverty, or a war on drugs. We know how THOSE 2 wars turned out." - 9pm 89.3
Are you excited to come back to San Diego on June 13th For the Del Mar Fair :D I'm excited <3
When you can't have something, you just want it more.
cant wait to see my crew
Here's something you don't want to give your audience/market: too much freedom. It's overwhelming & not engaging.
4 days later I'm running an hour late cause I didn't set the clock in the bathroom. #dst noone will believe me.
alkaline trio makes me happy
Beautiful work as always, WindBlower!
Thanks for including us in your GIS companies Daily!
RT : Thanks for following and Happy Friday to you!
RT If you want to be Niall's princess.
ok i thought u and adam ran away i was worried i txted u
Thanks for the follow Heidi! I'll be back in Indy soon - hope to see you!
Strong standards are great.What's next to increase transportation choices so ppl have to buy less gas?
2nd hand diamonds are the answer to responsible mining. More than enough already out there
Gravedigger when you dig my grave could you make it shallow so that I can feel the rain.
omfg that was amazing!
Your Welcome!
If I had a nickel for every time AT&T dropped a call, I could afford a Verizon bill.
Problem solved! ;)
Would you be available next Weds night for an appearance on the F*BALL Podcast?
I'm so gangster I'm so thug, you're the only one I'm dreaming of
I'm in! Kind of want to see the Women Silversmith exhibit too.
thank you
Best nap ever, very needed and deserved. But I missed lab -_-
Woke from a very distinct dream in which I got in the car and was elated to see that the gas tank was full.
Tip: Don't sneeze or cough in your hands. I guarantee you'll touch something or someone w/o realizing you're passing germs right after.
Gr8 2 read #ePrdctn hour--Q: how much time is spent guiding client thru platform decision? Or do they come 2U knowing what they want?
#occupyla labor committee is having a press conference at 4:30 Monday, south steps city hall.
you pay for clean water.
The VJ era is FINALLY over!
chocolate milk makes me happy. ♥
why do you say that?
can I get a refill of dat #TriggaKush please 💗😘💋
Cool thanks...thinking about getting one...not sure if I want the 3G with it
#Actors - career at a standstill post pilot season? Get ACTive in the summer by using Actsophia to find a class, seminar or new casting!
Planning to attend CDM Eastern Mtg. Hope to see you there.
pretty sure you could've told me the day I came over.
thanks, glad more people can appreciate it! :)
I see FP's global thinking hangs well to the right!
this girl went out with jonathan i guess
hope you only need one
the yanks did work tonight boston who?? lol bout to do some work on the website. its lookin amazing. How bout them cowboys tonight??
The all-new Lincoln MKX is also the first vehicle to ever be equipped with the new MyLincoln interfacing system
I am in a self loathing mood right now. Grrrrrr.
fair bet that the milky way is the most immoral/lawless galaxy though
I cant stand Tami big ugly bully ass!
Auto Response: Thanks for your message, please contact us Toll Free 1.800.540.6197 email: http://
I still Got it for Ya
You should let her know, she's !
thanks, i'l definitely have a look. Do you use this app much?
Back to Business.
Steve Madden? i need dressy, silver/gray flat shoes ASAP. anyone have any good suggestions?
is chillin' after a day of shooting the cover story for the October issue of Instinct Mag.
ill have 40 before the days is over!
Sometimes it's hard managing family time n a career but if u love something there's always sacrifices to be made.R u man enough to make them
“: When an #Aquarius commits, they commit for life”
College Internships this Summer # NYC# when to start the process? Now!
U guys rock
Band is starting come see!!!
shh, I want pity!
Hey DKNY, no animal should die for fashion. Fur is dead! Promoting vegan fashion is all the rage. Do you really enjoy wearing meat?
have the perfect item for you. A parking ticket which tells it like it is. I am sure you have seen it before?
I am, shoot me an email at about your idea.
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI. ILOVEYOU 3
Sometimes the strongest people in the morning, are the ones that cry themselves to sleep at night.
Louise antm British invasion
what are you doing on twitter at work??
I have purchased a hookah.
Umm... MT the fact that thirteen people can still frighten a massive company like Facebook says a lot about our industry.
Let the music take you away!!!
I don't get my girl take all the time to put on make up and dress up.. I'm satisfied with sweats and a hoodie(:
The funeral will not be televised, RIP GSH.
": Obama's last #SOTU has concluded. Awaiting Republican response by "<----You def. think his "LAST?" :)
Going the extra mile for our customers is common practice.. Let us show you how customer service should be. Call us on 0844 880 2010
Still wondering about academic shibboleths (words whose pronunciation marks you as "in" or "out"). What were yours?
People will do some irritating shit to get ahead oh a person with a cane
: I do answer Qs from public while live-tweeting. Have to be careful not to express opinion in responding.
So I got to memories 20 pages in 5 min aw what they do give it to me 1 day before fucking dump assess no saying names # I need money
Hey Apl, how are you? :D reply please!!
I'm told that there is much discontent among the masses in Mexico. Porfirio Diaz, by the aid of the soldiery, keeps the people subservient.
This is me not tweeting. Nah nah nah nah nah.
You gotta support those who support you, that's a support system
My Book of Mormon challenge with my daughter is going strong. She is still ahead of me but I will catch up. #34VersesPerDay is awesome!
"You forgot this..coolio." "Word G-Money." She's the Man is my favorite movie ever. <3
U gettin bigger and bigger lls
Happy 19th Birthday Darnell I wish you many more to come and I pray your day is filled with blessings
We've been a bit MIA recently. (Busy building the new site, which should be live soon!) What's new in the #photography Twitter world?
#FF Baltimore's second pick of the night, Kelechi Osemele!!
the_sand recruit me bitch!!
hard work paid off!! Very well deserving of a celebration! #zagalums!
I'm too sexy for #Twitter? Oh no!
US Open finals and WCOOP 23. Rafa hasn't lost a set all tourney but Novak played amazing to beat Fed. Predicting Rafa wins career GS in 5.
(c) and by that i mean she would pretend shes stupid and has no idea what i am talking about and blame something on me D:
take a photo of Oktoberfest and upload to - be compensated :)
IKEA Duvet Covers - duvet covers ikea
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.--Maya Angelou
#ThrowbackThursdays going down the kent every Friday for family fun night then going to 's house to watch Third Watch.
got it hooked in contacts.
You posted a French song on the blog in a post abt Paris..can't find it. Help
ok the Ronald Mcdonald clown always scares me but i believe McDonalds should keep him
I am in <3 with my down time. ;)
How do you feel about Rom Coms, and let us know about your first dates, and long term relationships!!
. Yeah hes got em in gladiator movie
Trying to upgrade phones, ugh!
#NewRulesofCivility 75. Do not critique others’ meal choices.
to appear on MPTV's "4th Street Forum" Friday. Topic: Stellar Health Care: is it Possible?"
If only my cat could go get me Sudafed and coconut water.
Good morning Albuquerque let's get printing!
Hey lovely Lola. What's new with you? All is well in SF.
It's #ClevelandPark patio madness! Catch rays at Ardeo & 4Ps !
that sounds like an absolute blast!!
Trivia Tuesday! how many states allow recall elections??
So psyched for NAB. Can't wait to check out all the cool stuff in person.
thank you very much for the #ff mention. We really like what you're doing as well!
fosho my boy is supposed to set up a meeting
what year can i take that?
LOVING THE DENVER WEATHER!
Im starting to understand what Rock Stars feel like on tour..4th hotel in 6 nights...where the hell am I?
#poppinoff at tonight!
Early morning workout with then photo shoot with and
Jake Scott issues a #MedEd call to action. Med schools are now setup to reject imagination. Change it to unleash creativity.
If only you could see
This girls feet are super huge ....
No, complete shock RT : Never would I have thought that he'd be gone so soon. I don't think any of us were ready to hear that.
Spilled a full #flyingdog @ #camdenyards. Very bummed
Just got a damn ticket in pops slow ass safari jeep,couldn't get away if I tried
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
hahahahaha. That'd be crazy sh*t.
glad to help.
the moment you realize you want to be succesful just so you have enough money to buy all the shoes you want...
Just might have to do that... Someone mentioned Caesars was booked solid this week, must be why.
I been busy
For 6th season show the real GG. Let's see the show through her eyes & stop yo-yo-ing characters into unrealistic relationships
Camera Fun Time. Direct your subject to center stage, to stick out chest & both arms, & stop traffic... with authority! Shoot it on 1 knee.
Anarchy UK: Arab springs into hot Brixton summer. www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/8630533/Riots-the-underclass-lashes-out.html
hard rock on tulsa is nice.
YOU'RE SO BAIN
Random: it hurt more when my ex texted a girl "good nite baby" than it did when he decided he wanted to "see other ppl"
yes. I appreciate that even when you are off work u take the time to sit amongst actors and hear their stories.
Yum! Though I've never learned to embrace grits even though my dad ate them every day growing up. Happy mom's day!
Mend the first break. Kill the first snake. And conquer everything you undertake.
Getting bored with #ncaafinals? Make new plans quickly with
Love unique approach of Next Exit History. Recommend checking out free iphone/ipad app w/ similar idea + gaming elements
now that is a way to start off game
sad but true..but here in Northern va there's a GYM and a starbucks on every corner
Not feelin to good today
"Say what you will about Starbucks, but I like having a place to go where I can be certain I'm not the most pretentious person in the room"
thanks stilt, I didn't land that. How u ballin these days? Gettin buckets? Dimes? Cookies? Back picks?
Breasts are heavy. I want to be a B cup.
Although, on score of including non-elites, is DNB much better, proportionally?
Yes. I need bonding time with my gay boy.
Have friend staying with me as she finishes her dissertation. I'm a good buddy to have, as someone approaches the finish line.
Just waiting on decks from , , and one other non-twitter person now. I need them NOW, people.
Some ppl really get on my nerves ...
1 more week until Easter!
Which author will be the best bartender? That's the real question to address.
An SSD it is then!
But how do you find the blogs for the list? There are so many topics one could be interested in.
unfortunately no :-(, but we do offer take out
Ouch. But I like where you're head's at.
Thanks for the tweet!
Buyer beware, needs to do a little digging on the companies they promote (REF: Seabreeze Air duct cleaning)
I enjoyed the convo earlier and happy to help!
Everybody don't forget its break dress code day! Wear anything and everything that breaks dress code.
get ready to be floored by this remix from the late 80's im workin on!
don't worry Federer you are still my second favorite tennis player.
A week later...sorry I'm such a twit.
What's up random people? Gimme some words.
Hard to not smile watching these badd boys!
Yes, Devil's Due. Closing in on the midpoint.
Got the keys to my very own place son
#FF because i would spend money on party rocking tonight when i come and see him!xD
i dig that, so where the real fans at?? standup
AH still get excited like its the first time (:
I think we're the only lame country fans in this town who didn't go. and me out of all people? oh the irony.
its a new dawn, its a new day, its a new life, and im feelin good.
The 'very important' news doesn't go on B2. But this was more interesting than some stories that *do* go on B2.
Im never gonna eat 7 eleven taquitos again Never!
If I can make it there, I'll make it big anywhere.
: Hi Matt,I'm fine thank you
CEO Kathleen Feely "We have to organize our technology so that we don't need to duplicate work."
Terrible experience today, 25 minutes to make 4 sandwiches? The half hearted "Sorry for the wait" didn't begin to cover it...
Argh, I gotta bug someone about that.
#funfactaboutme im ocd about making good grades. 90's and 91's piss me off.
May the odds be ever in your favor!
A good friend lets you crash on his couch even tho u called am drunk and a mess.
But my coworkers keep blowing up my phone so that means they need me at work -_-
Follow Back
If Rhymes comes to plate again and Cats leading, they have to walk him.. Keep us updated
RT The correct way to exercise each body part for maximum benefit.
What he said RT : Y'all need to be following her --> RT : For the sake of MY future, you're going to vote for Mitt Romney
Just curious, what is everyone's favorite blogs?
Working on a blog makeover! And a fabulous new post sometime this weekend :)
Carry me home tonight
If there's anybody who deserves good things it's you. You earned it, Cheryl.
#2011icf Even the best elements cannot succeed in a toxic environment (people, fish...) • NASA Session
me too imma hit the sheets night #SafeSexWednesday and #StandGrand(:
Waiting For Damon and Elena
watching freaky friday
"LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!" -Psalm 8:1
Who's gonna be on my tram? RT Trivia tonight with ! 7:30p
thats awesome :) from where??
#DASER Rothenberg "is there a way in which abstract art will help us see nature in a new way?"
My comment re wrongful convictions was intended as a message to Teresab327. The work of angels, I call it.
Too bad they can't all be awesome like me. RT “: Some of my followers are retarded”
RT: A #Virgo may trust you but that doesnt stop them from having a plan b.
Hahaha! I said it'll be simple! Not that you'd be comfortable! xD
It's about time we remind the Pirates of their place in the division
What we want all art books to do, thanks! MT I see with new eyes after reading her letters & Vigderman's book
O, cynical you! /
What would the world be without classical music? Really? I ask you.
But, what a privilege to protect your violinist's violin!
Need a free reusable bag? Follow for today's giveaway locations!
For how many yards loss? RT : Sky sources: Liverpool have sacked Kenny Dalglish. More to follow.
What's going on big guy? Im going to need that autograph soon. u've moved up since gymnastics class Haha.
Out for lunch
will be giving away FREE Wired Waffles tomorrow 5-16 7am - 8am outside of the Student parking lot on North Broadway. Get Wired!
sounds good to me!! And as you know uniforms need options!!!
bringing some energy and love to the show - Go Tyler! I told you to be witty :p
hahaha That's fun! I hope I can join next time they are on!
Goodnight! Sweet dreams💤💤💤
Just saw a girl wearing a a green and white zebra pencil skirt with and sweatshirt and Nike socks and slides..
swing and a miss
“: #Thebestthingtoever to ever happen to #Cancer Sams Club and Costco (being Fair) they love to stock” yes I do
grover cleveland
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
I want boba.
Lactose Intolerance: Commonly Misundlerstood! Understand the difference between intolerance and allergy. Helpful resource...
Verizon is a rip-off
About to lay it down...
I look deep into my soul and ask: should I or should I not watch Rain Man? www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
To the guy in line at Red Mill Burger on the cell phone, we all hate you.
Good morning! Time for #NBIAConference day number 2!
Happy Mothers Day Genie 😊
Nice can you keep me updated tomorrow??
We can help you with your logo. What sort of design were you looking for?
Lol. Just blowin some steam thru vented words. Im Lowkey pissed bout some shit but thinkin of a grown way 2 handle my situation
everyone is a HappyCamper here! Sucks.
Starting my fourth week freelancing at Sagon-Phior. Great project and great people. Spring semester is over at SC.
Stuck in reverse.
Determination is the wakeup call to the human will- Anthony Robbins #quote #inthegame”
the President's Program is not the same as the online Annual Conference program.
Ayyyy!! how are you? Congrats on graduating!!!! :)
First thing: I'll setup a github project for sharing code. Go there and register for an account. Let me know your username.
what game of thrones? i missed earlier seasons, will catch up later on it... omg u gotta watch it.
I #BELIEVE one day you will follow me!
the taste of coffee had in need AND desperation is almost revelatory enough to make getting up before sunrise worth it. sometimes.
Under this new law, phone companies will be able to raise rates for basic landline service at will.
Every Thursday afternoon should come with a Skype with
great, thanks!
