Does he personally own it now?
Look forward to seeing you at the rodeo!
Good, tired, got in on a red eye this AM. Glad your hotel is so nice and artsy, peaceful. How are you? :)
LOL... I forgot to mention the three layer banana split cake !!!
enjoy your freedom and be safe!!!!! Happy 4th!
Didn't win the drawing for opening day #Marlins tickets. I'm going to go sit in a corner and cry now.
(2 of 2) have any suggestions 4 where we can go or who to talk to?She wants to go to the Lab of Ornith and meet bird people :-)
I don't think I've been inside any store but Nordstrom since I worked at A&F in high school...
You heard that, It has been all giants so far...and to come hahaha!!
stop lying!(;
did you just call me old? Lol
Pune just woke up and killed my slushy -__-
maybe tonite i feel more......
I just bought a bag of chips for a homeless man then realized he had no teeth :/
Oh you know, working on #libraryschool hw... with 23 tabs currently open...
One of the perks of Twitter is that my followers now know that I was drinking heavily throughout kickball, yet my wife has nary a clue.
What's new on the #usguys agenda? someone mentioned updates on EAv, LOL!
Love it. MT : Determined to make role model in best #ROWE practices & great example for #NY tech
got filmed in 3D (stereo SI-2K) with at #CES, and then displayed on a no-glasses #3D HD TV. Enough buzzwords for ya?
This new guy cant handle my sarcasim or sass.
Getting my shoes and jewelry for prom later today
and i have been talking about how we love them! tomorrow i am going to try to get tickets to the 2013 tour :)
Not sure who to blame on this one... leaning towards blaming the Americans//Agreed although i guess every bank has a SWIFT
Bk home going bk to sleep now
In 2011 Child Advocates served 5,631 children and has trained over 500 community volunteers.
Text: camosbrothers To:96362 for specials, coupons & breaking-pizza news from your favorite NY pizzeria
Don't worry, we're used to it.
8 Days Magazine - Happy 20th Anniversary Party!
I'm considering adding history to my soc degree since u got me interested n historiography, USF has intrdsplny plan 4 both
ah ok thankyou(:
i luv u
YAY!! You guys will love it!
Had a great time in Addis today. did a little shopping.
wallow your way to the library and we can wallow together. 👍
I think of a lot of shit when I'm bored
so when are you going to see titanic 3d cc:
You can't play with someone's feelings because you're unsure of your own.
Baby imma be your motivation ;)
I don't think i can lose miss lady
Driven by passion, taught by tradition, and as grounded as... the turnpike. A taste of Belgium, with an American. Atiitude
On my fam's farm now. I went out to see the horse, and I found a truffle! My 10 year dream of being a truffle farmer could still come true.
Out of my work shift finally! Off to get stuff for to cook tonight! He's doin something special bc 10 yrs ago today we met!
baby Engum looking at a Nissan - "that's a nice Porsche!".. freshman.
Hey world. Etched poetry has arrived, place your orders today. Call, email, text, message me here or Facebook, $50 ships anywhere in the US.
have u ever cing her in concert shes amazing live
On a mission today people. Where can I find a flag pole to hang on the side of the house? Got flags...just need a pole.
you as well! nice to have met one of the hardest working folks in town the week of #snowmaggedon..along with
Good morning all!! We love all of your tweets!
I just heard that Michael Jordan thinks Scottie Pippen is better than Kareem Abdul Jabbar
Excited to go!!!
I bet if Austin comes to London, it will be in the School Holidays and I will be away..
Three or four car collision at 98th and Memorial. Rough.
Hey! We noticed your tweet on #christianmusic! You should check us out!
When I attend games at Camden Yards the O's are 1-5...I'm gonna stay away from Camden Yards for awhile.
Seen in the hood just kicking it. S/O to my nigga lil mainmain nd 4W&GP
I have a hunch about what Ozzie would say about your book.
Real or Fake
One of Michael Turners legs is as big as Matt Ryans waistand they've given it to Ryan twice and failed...cmon Falcons do it for the NFCSouth
is it non alcoholic?
just got back from the storm hokey game! Saw lots of FIGHTS! :)
Yooo pretty little liars is scary
Hubby made almond-orange pancakes for Sunday brunch! They were scrumptious! I am a very lucky lady *sigh*
RT : Very cool camera demo combining face recognition, best pic burst mode, and terrific selection UI
#lakersnation we are ride or die fans!! Everyone else can #hush!! Please and thank you...
It's a little long (20 min in the two parts), but I have listened to this once a week for the last 6 months.
haha well im going to drink lots of water! hopefully better by workouts! I bet it will feel great in a few days!
I for Sure going to go Pic up Sum comic books
Haven't lost a game in my bracket yet Let's go!!!!!
At outlining / structuring chapters.
I dig it! RT The 57 Rules of Success #1 Deliver the goods. #2 The other 56 don't matter.
"If the only prayer you say in your whole life is "Thank you," that would suffice." - Meister Eckhart
#ileftyoubecause u never grew up!!! And am way happier now :D
happiness to follow.. ♥
yes yes I am
Ah, so that's your secret. Mine regard inside and out as playground!
makin a rap at 10am cause yolo
Well what can I say :(
What do you get if you cross a radio music presenter with Match of the Day ?DJ !
news is boring this morning, a crippled cat was the the most interesting news lmao
“: I miss you..” I just watched their new Ustream!!! So cute and funny!!
Looking for a #roc based social-good tech startup to do a quick pitch at Rochester Tech Startups in August. Any suggestions?
For those asking, #miamiheat are up!
At least I'm a skinny bitch w/ good fashion taste. Thanks for the motivation dear. if you are ever up in LA we should grab coffee.
Our film this Saturday is HART'S WAR, a #WWII drama starring Bruce Willis and Terence Howard. Starts 1PM, free with Library admission.
Just wasted a whole day, have to regain my discipline, this one is on me, will make it up tomorrow
Liking that I randomly chose football themed images for my #AAM2012 slides. Redskins may have done something right today.
Just trying to keep going...
#MotivationalMonday- "You is smart. You is kind. You is important." - The Help
So I'm working six days straight, but I have the whole weekend off! Hello Superbowl!!
From a lifelong resident, sounds about right RT : Stat: 14% of Wisconsin's 4.1 million drivers have a DUI conviction
“: I haven't heard a word you've said since I realized you are wearing Uggs.” haha
Show you the way love supposed to be :)
LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS ♥ LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS ♥LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS ♥ LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS ♥ -Your timeline needed that ;)
Looking up "frat boy" songs for work.
Love the idea of pre-loaded Kindles that can be lent out to library patrons!
Chris Paul
lmfao he never said we cant
Busy As Day , San Diego Tomorrow ? I Think So <3
The ponytail is the female equivalent of the baseball cap.
You welcome. You are AWESOME. I looked it your pictures & love the way U looked. I was DJing that night with so many activities
"The more I tell myself to forget you…the more I can't."
you got some cool pics of here
thats that BS
We are in desparate need of full size sheets, pillows, blankets, kitchen equip, cleaning supplies & trash cans for our TLP youth - THANK YOU
Frist day of Basic I'm definitely rusty from the 2 months off, however "theres no reward in easy things"
thanks for the kindness ☺
I saw was doing his twitcam during 5th period and I wanted to cry.
Pols have to be cautious of neg ads 1) they make you look mean and 2) you need voters to like you. Neither concern SuperPACS.
T-Pain Rick Ross - Rap Song
is checking out his competition...
#Trivia What year did Arrowhead Stadium open?
I get total douche chills when I see that slobbering fawning idiot on Hard Balls.Too bad you can't have Obams kid you idiot
It would be interesting to see Compton centinnel actually okay team ball . Very athletc
it's true!!
#2peoplethatbelongtogether me and Have you seen us!
did someone ask for your opinion...your time with
Where build network parents of kids with form of #autism. I am in! How can I help?
Brett Gardner, you look good.
OMG BOSTON BOSTON. IT'S A WET ONE!!!!
I guess ill go do my chores! :\
That was probably way back in anything-goes '09.
Woke up this morning excited about going to work today. Obviously I hit my head at some point in the middle of the night!
Bro, lay off the haterade
Me too!
Call me man!!
There was a bad server that caused a time out that temporarily caused this issue with a couple of requests. It's fixed.
new #UWM Athletic Director, Andy Geiger joins us NOW! SportsRadio
oh bye guys ✌
159 ON MY EOC FOR SCIENCE! I PASSED!
Get on the list start winning and not paying your man. May will be even better than April and April was great
I know:-( I'm on the wait list at the lapl...number 569 NO JOKE!!
#fridayreads #LTReads China Lake by Gardiner - keeping me up past my bedtime! Working on Fire Season by Connors - makes me long for spring
#amst260 There have even been cases where Amazon used a "kill switch" on a person's Kindle to delete e-books illegally acquired.
*good sigh* yeah, my day was just that amazing, and I don't think I have ever talked on the phone for that long ever. #:-)
swagg me to lol wat school u go to i went to jhs RT : I represents that all day, lol
lets do goodnights and good mornings! =]
#ThingsMyMotherSays she'd always randomly be like; "don't you touch my dog!!" haha from silence of the lambs <3
Long day in NYC. Toured NYU & New School. On to University of the Arts and Philly.
It's my birthday today. Spending it with some friends and my dogs. Life at 55 is still good.
I just hate that I couldn't be in Marissa Kilpatrick's scene because I didn't know where she was the whole first week :/
The day after st Patrick's day is like the day after my birthday
Go Heat! Redemption time!!
You always have the same excuse.
Steve you are already hip.
I've just updated the Innovators website with updates. Check them out and be blessed!
Finding money in your Venmo account is like finding $5 in your pocket after doing laundry. I mean, it's basically free money.
Please join us for another public meeting tonight at the UPMC South Side Cafeteria at 6:00 pm!
next week when you sing "Mean", I'm so going to die...love when you sing! Check your mailbox when you can too!! :)
Did I just hear the weather guy say 3 more inches of snow tonight? I am going to blame all of this on the people who were doubting the snow.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
But what confuses me is if I didn't tip you dancing why on earth would you ask me for a tip.. Here's a tip
Amazing description of winter and what we miss when it's warm instead on A Prairie Home Companion today.
Distance is just another test.
yeah i like follow me please
Today has been a fun day. Havent picked up my pencil all day.
What did the blonde say when she was asked"what are the last 2 words of the national anthem".?....play ball
That student quote was shared by one of our teachers who was pleased to hear it as he gave his lesson on the knight to a 4th grade class.
I'm all in for local coffee joints, but Starbucks holiday drinks.. They're killin' everybody with those!
What a great night for budget & evaluations training!!
Shout out to !
i dont get the #yolo relevance, but it's all good
lmfao Chad loved us
endorsed Greg Cox 4 Supervisor, Jerry Rindone 4 Board of Education, and 4 Council - great candidates!
I spent the same amount of time playing Civ V
Thanks, friend!
ah lol did u sleep all day
Does that mean u guys are gonna use reusable bags? Whoa! American style!! 👍
Batman is a douche
lets get kicked out of walmart.
I'm in bed on my iPhone
I know Kinnie was thinking from time to time. As was Hemingway. I saw them working with Rucker on his footwork.
#Consignment #VampireLife & #Dreamchasers2 the only musice playin in in ma ipod rite now
I want control of an ant army so I can write in living ant on a wall "DO NOT TOUCH THIS WALL, IT IS COVERED IN ANTS"
BROMANCE AW
True. Though I would be more stoked about this WFH day if it didn't mean doing house chores /while/ I work, haha.
Pubcon should have a lost and found for lost rank and found knowledge.
What are you thankful for this year?
FINE THEN!
lol I think I just saved your life(x
oops! 1st thru 9th, lol. i always planned july, rich. i think patti is going in june.
i be back quick nap!
Tryn to remember n rewrite songs I lost when my phone crashed....
what's good fam?
which would make Kendrys Morales available ??
Not a bad guess, it'll depend on how fast we cloud up. Hillsboro is at 45 now PDX 51.
thank you for the great job covering the #sabres. I really enjoyed following your tweets.
hope every1 is having a great labor day back to work tomorrow. Bo
I gotta stop being negative on myself yes people I lost get off dick saying I thought you were the fastest it aint over yet
“ Thank God for milk n cookies *Bows head*”
Reading about 18th century Barbary pirates.
Tune in tomorrow at 1pm eastern as we talk about our May photo contest. Doing landscapes so get your images ready.
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. ~ Dolly Parton
Our food blogger is scheduled to be on MiddayFix tomorrow!
28 mph winds and I choose tonight to commute home with the dry cleaning.
Perhaps you should simply ask "are you a re-tard?" If they retweet, they obviously are.
Fuck the UD book store such a fucking rip off
SO MUCH DRUNK SKATING
I can't wait! I've heard nothing but amazing things about the show! :)
good night loyal followers :)
Oh my...one of my posts got 1,135 hits. Wow!!!!
Loud man taking all mf day...customer lost...
When I get dress,iget fresh!
happy bday man hope it's a good one !
Make hay while sun shines.
We may have to, but it's getting expensive.
...of general switch. Obviously theaters are sometimes シネマズ (though mostly シアター if it's in katakana). Film journals still キネマ
Listening to of Yelp speak at event
I need custom service help. can you give me a phone number to call where I can actually talk to someone?
Merry Christmas to everone♥ Lots of love, hugs, and kisses from me to you(:
Thanks everyone for all the love and support! Stay tuned for big things coming out of Colorado ;)
3/13 2:45pm: The BPO is currently experiencing phone outages and working to resolve the problem, thank you for your patience.
just tried Pi iin Chinatown. Tasty and super good service!
I hate sex in the movies. Tried it once, the seat folded up, the drink spilled and that ice, well it really chilled my mood.
Weird. Wanna do me a quick favor and check the "Best time to leave" feature for Seattle to Bellevue via I-90 for 9am tomorrow?
Laying in bed, thinking bout life ✨
SolisEnergy will be at the IP-IN-ACTION LIVE in Miami,FL! A rep from Solis will be walking the floor and getting to know you! Look for him!
My god, you are hilarious. RT : Congratulations! Where did he ask you?
Got Rock of the Dead for xmas, 's commentary really salvages an otherwise underwhelming game.
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. - Buddha
looking at numbers all day<
Yes! I can't remember when the next PB crit group is. 12/11? Spouse & I will be at the R xmas party Friday. Whoo hoo!
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the "unable to contact facebook" msg now that I upgraded? I have not been able to get login.
If he loves his music, movies, or gaming then he's in for a real treat. Thanks!
I see flashes of gold in Oakland tonight!!! I love you guys. thank you for a great show!
they treat us bad whenever we play there. With the exception few of their waiters.
www.reverbnation.com/evandstel ... EVERYONE RT AND SHOW SOME LOVE !
oh yeah
Street smart and book smart mama ain't raise no chumps or no dummies
I really want one of those puppies...
“: Iced venti white chocolate mocha, YES PLEASE 💚💁☕ ” working hard
By my count: 2 dream catchers, one (altered) Thoreau quote, one leopard print outifit, one pink piñata
I think doing this every once in a while is therapeutic. Tomorrow you will probably be extra motivated.
Thanks for the follow -- love to connect with other entrepreneurs
Rolling up I-10 & I-17 to Flagstaff this evening to meet with some fine biz individuals tomorrow then back to the desert tomorrow night
I'm fly like a bee.
You mean to tell me you can't afford to eat but you got a fresh pair of J's on? I don't care who wore it before you decided you wanted it
Clearly, Italy is the hot place for reality stars to duke it out
The same goes for me RT : I Could Be A Drug Dealer If I Wanted 2 Cuz I Don Neva Sleep!
My house smells like Artificial cheese ;)
I wish someone loved me enough to bring me a glass of water.. Im so thirsty -hint hint-
I wasn't born yet.
what are you up to tonight?
Spent some time at today. Feel smarter. Kind of like the "I stayed at a Holiday Inn Express" effect.
I say "Boom goes the dynamite" a million times a day! I usually use it when I finish something that was rough. Great phrase! :)
not that there's anything wrong with a girly pinboard, but I agree
Helping out on a video shoot in Cambridge which is going into the late evening
RT RT“ If you got someone good, Why do them wrong?..”
To be clear, I'm not disrespecting Teen Wolf's game. He was a fantastic player, just not much of a distributor. Or a pure point guard.
This double cheeseurger and fries I got right now >
your awesome! Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who even listens to it anymore lol
drinking a milkshake!
so cute! You've got a great little guy! <3 him
what an awesome blog. I'm going to kick in $25 over the weekend. Enjoy and safe travels!
yes!! It's like the best thing in the world!!!!!!
Just Gettinn Home , Phone Dead -__-
Thank u for S/O& VIP
And how was your New Years?
You're welcome!
Finally home.. Been on the streets since 7:30.. Gonna make some breakfast then do some cleaning.. Busy day ahead of me
I'm totally in awe of so many things you all having going on in CO. I wanna be like Sharon if/when I grow up.
Thanks for the follow, welcome to Twitter!
loved Ali Kazma's "OK 2010". rhythmic like pygmy water music.
Merry Christmas! hope all of you are having a lot a lot of fun <3
Mufuckas don't be wanting shit anyway.
SECO iPad app now available. Search SECO International in iTunes store.
ah that blows. Hah I guess :p fuckin hate these little kids
YAY Alex is coming to my bday. I'm buying my ticket tonight :)
Storage gurus we want to know #FF StorageNerve
GOOD! i'll be all moved into my new apartment by August 1st! ^.^
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance
Thanks so much to everyone that came tonight!!
have fun w/ bikini babes!
Yay! It'll be great to have you! RT : We plan on kickin' it at Area 53 on the regular, by the way.
specifically to reference "future research needed" in a scholarly article. using it to frame my interest in their program.
A run!
Hm, all your jobs are "rush" jobs.
Apparently everyone's going to write Benny's name in for pres. tomorrow. LOL, anyone over Sterling.
former Aggies star Danielle Adams back in action for San Antonio Silver Stars tonight after missing 11 games with injury. WNBA
instagram is super cool though. I realized that I had to lay off posting nonstop photos of my cats though. lmao
The #Millennials conversation has been non stop! We're crewing up and making moves!
Whirl, Pittsburgh Post-Palette and Blacktie are here taking pictures. Look for us!
Don't have my phone, so don't call or text
Oh okay thanks for telling me . my friend wanted to know if Chachi is coming to?
No duh. But she doesn't even know you like that..
More Bay Area Mother's Day Brunch Suggestions - Zagat (blog)
Love you baby!
hope you have a safe flight!!
Read the condominium disclosures of our new home last night at 11p. Great read. Helped me go to bed fast.
Sigh. Holding out hope for better luck next year.
How you doing today? Great workout this AM! You?
Sometimes you need people to slow you down!!
guys are so cute together!
Can't sleep. This cold is killing me.
Thanks Steve Jobs for all your great contributions to the world!!!
Having ah bad morning
Thanks ! We sure do love our fans! Thanks for watching!
please tell me ur joking
don't google phee the emcee
are you in town missy??? 😳
Who cares when your stuntin
the truth is, i miss lying in those arms of his, but i don't ever let it show.
happy Birthday to your Dad!
I was planning on being there around 730 :)
What happens when you become the president of the fan club of the supporters of the mutual admiration society? Rspkt?
Harvard has not been to NCCA since 1946.
Hey Sarita! Thanks so much for following me here. I am not following you too! L)
Thank you, Melissa! That's a major compliment from a social media expert like you. I'm sure you see plenty of crazy bios. :)
i go from watching a documentary on punk rock wonder marian anderson to watching one on the beginning of the spice girls. what is this...
Happy bornday to my dog I aint forgot about you big time!!!
Don't forget to watch Scandal tonite with my girl Kerry Washington. She really does her thing in this show, your gonna love her.
"Steak and Shrimp! Steak and Shrimp!"
Taking all questions
I wonder what I'm doing tonight
Now I'm craving ice cream. MT Gave out samples of Strawberry Nields Whenever: Rich vanilla w strawbs, a strawb swirl & choc chunks.
: Follow They are all awesome and unique artist
Thanks for sharing my letting go of list obsession post. :-)
cool thanks, say hi to Bri
#ThingsThatAreSEXY smooth skin
he obv played for the Philadelphia Athletics
kewl. IM/tweet when you're done workin !
It's better than 2yrs ago, when I got to 48K and realize THAT was where story started... ARGH! Not much I could reuse, either :P
#ireallywant to be with you all the time
Likewise, Amber -- thanks for being on the blogging panel! You all were great.
just saw #ThinkLikeAMan nd I must say that it waz a gud mvie.....and al the women in that movie waz fine as eva..except..gail..lol
LOL u and I are working ob the same street at 2 different bars... sucks cause I could use some right now!
This time last night I was getting ready to rock out with Lady Antebellum
I was just sitting here writing some new lyrics and the song went in a weird direction. It sounds great though. We will see.
Come by and hear about AntiSocial Media. Hear what true relationship blogging is about! Going on in Ballroom A right now!
When I was a little girl, my grandma would hide chocolate eggs all along her hedge for us to find at Easter. Grandmas make childhood magical
Stop by after work to catch the last #Bulls home game b4 #playoffs and keep ur eye on the #NFLdraft too. Lots of TVs.
SMH, silly stubborn......
Prof Sandy Pentland from MIT Media Lab provides "the big picture". Personal data is THE prime source of value on the Internet.
Have you ever publicized the dev team behind ?
sssh don't tell all the secrets RT #Taurus will agree with you to shut you up.
I'm not a cool kid then D: I don't have cable at my mom's house, so I have to watch everything online
"When you combine both - excellence plus consistency - you create truly exceptional value." -Go-Givers Sell More
Desperately trying to be productive
Yeah I do I have a couple more
Everyone Saying That Lol!! But Thanks Hun!! Can You RT It So Other Fans Can See It
Brian thanks for the mention.
We are creating a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use 4 one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT 2 be eligible.
darn you, now I had to comment too.
RT if you are ubering to the match! GO SOUNDERS!
I'm gonna need a trampoline.
Kansas city
“Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable.” George Patton
Goodmorning twitter. Just in pre-algebra!
I live in DC & I hear/see that constantly-welcome to my world. Least u don't get stuck in traffic everytime POTUS leaves home.
What would happen if pigs went on strike? They'd form pigget lines.
Its fine by me if you never leave
you already know!
I love where your heart beats!
congrats jimmy on ur THANK YOU book...
Hah i SUCK at Bowling!
An important part I forgot about for giving practice AP exams.... They are BORING to proctor!!
Told stories at a high school in the southern part of Trinidad. The vice principal was impressed that when the bell rang the kids didn't go.
everything straight fam?
what about the player overseas jacking the ref in the eye and knocking him out?
you scared the shot out of me by retweeting that -.-
Back in LA. You stay classy, San Diego.
yes i ask teachers if they no #RiverPhoenix or #JerryO'Connell yes im werid
I use to fear my future but now I dread my adolesence.
So, are you sticking with your 'New Year's Resolution'?
It's allowed!
The defintion of ugly is me
good luck!
Happy Birthday to #SArockstar, ! :)
Taking in some sox / angels tonight. nice
Its funny how niggas nd females turn gangsta after high sku. . . Smh only in arlington !
The National Unemployment Rate has dropped to 8.1% (the lowest it's been since Obama has been in office). The #GOP has no case.
I've been a MET fan since the early 80's bat boy for the Little Falls Mets. I have a real job now a teacher. Looking for summer job.
Please email me: . I have some specials for digitizing and screen printing at GalaxyDigitizing.
Thanks for the RT. Thank you for supporting your community AND Las Vegas Cash Mob! Maybe we'll see you there.
fuck her mentally
So here is what i dont get about the Trayvon Martin case - whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty?
I'm trying to go see
yeah, Black Friday sounds to urban/ethnic plus that's what we're really celebrating.. right??
Just phone-ordered 15 yards of fabric for my wedding dress from Mood in LA. Boom.
Knicks only down 2 going into the half. They are good if melo stay hot.
happy birthday man
Happy Birthday Aric!
I seen that... But wwe don't treat the divas right they get like 1 match a night and their entrance is longer then match
I like seeing bitches on motorcycles! It's a turn on hehe
OMG JUSTIN YOU MADE MY DAY! THANK YOU FOR THE SIGNED POSTER!!! :) love youu
The front is almost through but still some steady rain out there east of Portland
had a bad nite last week ,slept hard the following nite
Dread going to work
Some guns have Andy Pettitte hitting 90 mph in the first inning. The velocity is no concern as he is back to '10 form through 1 inning.
where can you be scene?
My biggest disappointment with #Obamacare is the Death Panels. Specifically the lack thereof. That sounded like a cool job.
Plans for Thurs? Now you do! Come to our Rat Pack Patio launch at Bleu! Cigars and sig. cocktails! Invite only, email !
There are too MANY ads on the traffic page: 2 in the top banner, 1 bottom banner, 3 large block ads & 3 sponsored links.
RT : What u resist, persists. That is because, by ur continued attention to it in a negative way, u continue 2 place it there
I'm going to eat some McNuggets
Amazing how you conduct yourself. You really shined even more in that CSS interview.
It’s the first day of Fall, and Summer is now officially over. Time to start drinking your #SPORTea hot instead of iced :D
Thanks for the RT's!
Countdown still going, 44 days till I will be in Jamaica going against some of the hottest models in the world!!
RT : If you're a political conservative & wondering why older blacks have such faith in the Fed Gov't, watch Freedom Riders.
nice pic from back in the day
Stage diving like it's 1989 "Doors 7:30. Set times: Black Box Revelation 8:30. Jane's Addiction 9:40.”
love ya
Send me some contact info and I'll try to get someone in contact with you!
I can't keep my eyes open. Goodnight!
Dear #ChefFredo I would like some fried Oreos. Come to Dade City, Florida and make me some, yes?
Yes Israel must defend itself and will welcome peaceful dialog with the Palestinians as soon as they renounce terrorism.
Jennifer beals is alive she guest stared on #castle this season that line was crazy lol
why is term limits a partisan issue? Why more Republican support? Vlad: perhaps a belief that less govt. will result.
Oh shit! Nun but drama tomoro yall lbs pray for me 🙏
We decided to get a motel room tonight. We have spare time so we are kicking back and relaxing. Yeah a real bed. I needed this.
First day with my wife back to work. I've got all 3 kiddies on my day off and we're surviving thus far. It's...it's a miracle.
I think Madonna should be cast as Mrs Robinson in the 50 Shades movies
Any one notice my last two RTs? Alex tweeted that then like Austin replied.
Its a winter wonderland!
Can you all smell the fog machine and see the strobe lights?
.... yes. Very good coffee.
That's what happens when you jump stop into a shot. It's too slow and you get blocked.
Happy Birthday Lis!!! Wish all ur dreams come true! Love u to LIFE!!!
🍴🐱 RT : MAN I ALWAYS GET HONGREE @ THIS TIME OF NITE....
Good way to get out of that Matt!
A two and done rule for the NBA? That would still benefit UK immensely, imagine if everyone had to stay for at least 2 years
Check it > " #unfollowfriday " - bristol must be a naughty tweeter... Coffee w/ baileys please... hangover Sunday begins now.
will do thanks for the tip
Sorry computer but I really need to watch the #NYR & #RBNY games while rendering an AE project & color correcting in FCP.
With a new law suit & a major movie cancelled, seems like Marvel is faltering immediately after Disney deal. Just growing pains, or bigger?
How'd u know I wasn't sorry
Ones merit is irrelevant when human nature favors ones like you. White are majority guess who gets shafted.
Game 3. Le'ts go HEAT!
Things that make you go, "Hum"
Overslept for my group run. Looks like I'm gonna hafta do this by myself..
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile. - Brian Tracy
on the voice>>> everything😍
also all of the lacrosse games bc I got to extra in a lot of them!
#erl12 download 3 yrs of counter data with use from stats provider & adjust cost per use by usage period
Yes, agreed! Lovely to meet in real life.
I'm not 100% on that but thought I have heard/read that somewhere
good night
UPCOMING SHOWS: JUNE 9 2012 BROOKLYN PRIDE
'Dream House' with Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz is a good example of why I love $3 theaters.
easy -- they're fickle animals! I'm excited about your new book! If you need any dog translation, I'd be happy to help.
I was actually next to the person who claps when the plane lands
hey, i dont know you, but look, cutting your wrist isnt going to make any pain go away. anyones better than that. don't do it.
lol, I figured. In-laws are traveling north in the am...they might not get too far
The only place you find success before work is in the dictionary
I'm not.
smh what time are you going
I need a vacation, anywhere.
keep up the good work. Driving them to such vitriol means you must be doing something right.
And you just got some extra cool points! Up the Irons, my friendo ;)
i am looking for a designer cofounder. What's the process of working with your members?
I am so sad about Maurice Sendak. The world is a little dimmer today.
Dang finally hit 200 Tweets !
Delicious Valentine's dinner last night. Enjoyed every course, but still feeling full! Wish I had more room to finish dessert!
I ain't even mad
Or maybe Billy Ray Cyrus?
oh damn haha that's cool.
nope i've been married for almost 3 years and we still watch wedding shows get used to that.
Spray it, don't say it.
Purdue played so hard. Tough loss.
Lol too many ppl RT my last two tweets...niggas crazy.
#Happy4thBirthdayRIOT Been following for years and hopefully years to come!
What would you do if I sang out of tune? Would you get up and walk out on me?
how in the hell am I listening to Jesse Boykins for the first time, right now?!?!?!
- *waves at you from south of Denver*
up early with a shit load of cash
well I got an email frm the site sayin 2 get ur webcam ready 4 it.said nothin bout a password.mayb he givs it 2 u
I love the fireplace surround! =) My middle name is herringbone. =)
follow me lets DM
I told you my biggest fear. I trusted you. But where are you? You're the only one I want right now and i can't even talk to you :/
RT : It's true, Cultural Campus Concert Crawl is happening tomorrow!
Shoutout to & follow :D
I'm a negative on both of those points.
Yeah it would be (: Im 16 and questioning so I havent kissed yet (X
Why do you HEART MKE?! have shared why don't you?
Why is peanutbutter so good? It will never get old for me...
Haha as long as u can bring someone !
Oh my god, your logic is amazing.
Thanks for the follow! We're proud supporters of pilates and all holistic #exercise. Give us a visit sometime!
Thx in advance for your donation. You can drop them off @ the shelter 1130 Park Ave W or our admin. office 3501 E. 46th Ave!
well of course you were! u rock!
Everything in the universe serves a purpose.
You are one of my favorites too! : ) would love to see you anytime, lady!
Teens! Open Mic Night Tonight Library 6:30 sign-up. Light Refreshments.
Albuquerque NM use to "FAKE" (ARTIST) Da whole city know I AM THAT GUY... My hard work speaks louder that words.
is juggling objects, priorities, and small people.
losing my mind at these journalists using poker innuendos to describe the situation. "the DOJ doesnt go all in on draws" thx matthewkredell
I thought of you when I read that one since you have an undying appreciation for No Fear / Big Johnson / Coed Naked gear :)
I thought I was happy, but then I met you and now I know I never knew what happy meant.<3 Heather.Renee.Wells.<3
Dirty = passionate
I miss my bebes
You type like a two fingered redneck. Very fitting that you hate education. RT REISGN: calls for holder's resignation growing
sweet. if you mean "the" marina in SF, you'll be about 10 minutes from my place too.
And this, my friends, is my 1000th tweet.
#nuggets of coarse.
Some thunderstorms could rumble through parts of northern and central NJ over the next few hours. Storms should enter Warren, Hunterdon soon
No joke. I saw dep of rev taking tickets off of cars at milwaukee and Oakley. I Always thought they just left it up to us to contest
Just got done ballin at cliff slide, good workout
great perspective.
I miss you!!!! Clearly we need to do lunch or sumthin!!!
What am I supposed to do when he wants to take his life.?!
Very excited to have my first day of work in the new office tomorrow!
or 'are.' Whatever.
Thanks SO MUCH for the RT! We received 20 fans yesterday, donating $100 so far! Hoping to get many more for this little boy!
Uh If. U Do That ..Deuces!!
Let's #gobulls!!!
Just remembered something terrible.
I love just watching tv all day <3
Recently purchased Puzhen's Five-Sense Yun Aroma Diffuser? Here's a video showing you how easy it is to clean & maintain:...
9 to 5 / 5 days a week / in order to seek / food and shelter / which any monkey can / find in the forests / of the night. Arya-Holmes.
thanks for the feedback -- we'll have more on this race in the coming weeks. Stay in touch
You have great posture. What are you doing for the rest of your life?
Oh Brownback. You are all the very worst things about Kansas, rolled up in a smug ball that wants to get up in my business.
So I'm finally Back from camping out at Best Buy. Black Friday really is a fun experience.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
happy birthday!(;
lol Christian said that ur were getting annoying cuz u were telling him to ship up
The ides of DPLA is a movement is catching on. I like to think about creating an ecosystem for a movement.
work it!
awesome article. the "hide identity" will be particularly useful
thanks for follow :)
thanks for the follow! hope you have also had a chance to LIKE us on facebook!
I guess that's how he deals with being a corporate whore selling the American people out.
thinks bad boyfriends make great ex-boyfriends.
paaalease come to p-town? You might score more in Sac, but they won't sniff the playoffs. The Rose Garden will love you.
I made up a rap about you. Like old times. It's pretty killer. :)
lookin SHARP! Someone pick me up some #SportingKC swim trunks and a beach towel.
Somewhere, out there, kids are being tested.
Before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean-
Finally broke 400 followers! Thanks for sticking with me through my rants, occasional pretentiousness and fat kid tweets.
How to be 100% SUCCESSFUL...believe that everything you do is a success!
I am hungry.
Rit on have em make an appointment.. Appointment only homie
can't type: time to reexamine the aerodynamics of swine
That hurt 😥RT : Elbowed the fuck out of lmao sorry :(
Currently at 6:37pm in Atlanta, GA it is 82 degrees.
Hi bro, got any ideas for playing in Seattle? Will be touring in April, West Coast CD release tour. Pls advise. Best
I'm on the side of liberty, if Alec Baldwins wants the freedom to do what he wants, when he wants it- he should switch sides.
Have you made your Mother's Day #brunch reservations yet? Check out OpenTable for some availabilities! Your momma will thank you! ;)
Kobe calls out Gasol and Bynum for lack of effort. Since he said it to their face too, does that make it okay?
tool for establishing visual direction - interface harmony - Style Tiles - styletil.es
Gimme a 40oz and some good music so I can kick start this weekend :)
Goodnight twitter 😘
I think I might get dookie braids this summer
About to take a trip
City Attorney Trutanich says his office is no longer about being of service to the #LA City Council. #1 priority is public safety.
He can't even throw a strike
you're followed!
Hope everyone's having a fabulous weekend so far! :)
A feature is what your product does. A benefit is what your product does for your customers. Remember consumers buy benefits not features.
I don't have one now either, but the moment chaos stops reigning here, it is on my list!
Missing my bubby :( sighh i hate this.
claims he is the boss. Not gonna disagree.
Is that your girl my mistake, i'm still gonna take her anyway
Serendipitous discovery of 1910 Library Journal article re: Quakerism collection at library. Oh hey bi-co!
I may be new to track and field, but I don't need to be an expert to recognize #Badgers Fr. 's talent. C'gratz on 1500m win, PR.
if a Piano player is called a pianist, can a race car driver be called a racist?
Scott's letting us know about an enormous warm up. Enormup?
Happy St. Paddy's Day!! Like this status if you're wearing green.
Said goodbye to some great Enquirer journalists, editors and copy editors this evening. They will definitely be missed!
In order to get people to follow....you have to lead by example #motivation #leadership ...personality helps too :-)
Ugh filling out job applications sucks. My brain hurts. For realz.
Shooting for Law and Order SVU in NYC today
Actually not, it was just a thing that came into my mind :D Anyways, thank you, have a good one too (:
Please don't stop looking for your shot! You are an amazing player and Portland needs you to always be aggressive!
just like one more day of school and then finals y ya thank GOD
West Palm was a huge success, thank you to everyone! Juilliard Jazz in Atlanta this week, should be awesome!
I don’t care if you think you have "swag". Pull up your pants and walk faster."
Red Newt, south end of the lake. DO NOT miss the Hellbender Port and chocolate.
My tat itching like shit!!
I sat next to the artist generatingthat and kept giving him shit about all the crap he added to the screen for the sake of it.
"A problem is simply a puzzle. Figure it out and you'll discover the beautiful picture of your creative potential!"—DJohnson T&B Retwt/Pst
If only MSM and was as up to date as U! Thanks for article on Martial Law.
lmfao I was joking last night!
Is that a freaking musket? malibu's most wanted
i don't argue she's entitled to speak her voice, never that. but i guess those are the reasons i don't follow, lol
Great company can do wonders for people. Surround yourself with people who love you deeply and whose mere presence cheers up your spirit.
#NowPlaying Never Gonna Let You Down
How are you tonight?
Any tips on how to encourage my 17 year old niece to trade her 10 years invested in pom poms for an engineering class?
ALMOST SATURDAY>>>>>>>>>>>COME ON WEEKEND GET HERE!!!
Small businesses can get free software (as an online service) to help them manage & organize biz bit.ly/lHOSGY
lol, man y'all bitches a trip
Thanks for following us! Does your school use iPads?
I think there is a better chance to play Clemson....rather play them then Tech.
« Even if you lie to me once, it makes me question everything else you say.»
working on custom Drupal code today!
Haha yes, packing to move.
my favorite book of all time was Great Ganesh by Peter Hopkirk. Re Afghanistan. Reads like a spy novel.
Really? If you click on "HR" or "RBI" it will list in order top to bottom. Right above that you can click AL/NL to differentiate
Congrats to on his 1st place finish in the Southern 500 @ the Lady in Black & 's 200th WIN!
My xbox live would stop working right now..
I'm just like a Facebook Status. You can Like me Unlike me. But either way. Your not bothering me. So move on with your life. ! Thanks(:
Leadership Meeting!!! Tomorrow Morning at 9 am Meet @ the Wesley Foundation. Will be done by 5pm.
your twitter video is hilarious :)
I believe so!
Elliott Masie: view learning from a design perspective instead of a constraint perspective
woo! It's getting hot in here! (so hot) so sports bra it ;D
ok make sure u hmu asap
was thinking about these threads in soc yesterday while re-reading Putnam for 101 course I'm TAing.
Well. Read threw for Pride and Prejudice was to be tonight. Moved to Monday. Never seems to be enough time between shows these days.
If you're a runner, check my blog out. Nice Tower Bridge behind ya!
lol he sound stiff trying
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Victor Van Ness! Here is to your success!
the problem is after choosing RG3, why another QB? Bigger holes to fill on the line, db, etc. Doesnt make sense.
I rarely wish I were rich more often than when I'm at the Lego store.
RIP Etta James... A true legend
I need some kind of drink to help me get over Catching Fire-i need to get Mockingjay to be at peace
Haha! I had to look that one up! #imnotadrinker 🍸 #cheers “: and Soju is made from sweet potatoes” #
you did an AMAZING job tonight on #glee !! You made me cry <3 <3 <3
Our first iPad drawing at #ALFA2012 is at 1:00pm! Stop by Booth 1111 to enter!
full sized bed for me and my trees, finally back to looking forward to dreams
Saturday is parade. PLS RT post your photos to #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
If guys on the wrestling team looked more like Taylor Lautner I might have more interest in the sport
At Spur Cross Ranch Conservation Area
I hate when people throw subliminal shots! Say what's on your mind BITCH and stop hiding.
WARNING! GOD IS ABOUT TO TAKE YOU INTO A SEASON OF MIRACLES (John 2:5) If you run out wine! "Whatever Jesus says to you, do it." #Sir Court
bad thing bout Fbook is everyone & their mom is on it. good thing bout twitter is that everyone is on it but their mom isn't. -
i hate when that happens! taco salad now!! ahahaha
he looked pretty good
I speak as a Massachusrtts person too.
Kanye is ma boy.
I wish I was at least famous enough to go to the KCAs.
#icanttakeyouseriously with your pants on the ground. You look like, well, a fool
i must go and throw this computer :/ not really good.
Enjoying the best year of my life ever! Awesome!
What's everyone doing the morning of February 16th? #ClearYourCalendar Keep watch for all details!
Save the date! 4/19/2012 Open House at downtown Madison featuring a Red Ale hop bomb brewed with WHEx hops!
how exactly will that happen? I would be very happy to take that fine automobile off your hands sir.
Jorge Ben, Blue Cheer, Herbie Hancock, "art nouveau & the erotic," red licorice, farmhouse ale. Not necessarily in that order.
team is counting down til the concert tonight! Until then...be sure to stop by our Zone!
we do too!
Beach week with in June :)
that's up man lol
We’re lucky to live in such a gorgeous city:
I own a copy of "Where the Wild Things Are." It was a gift from my sister.
it was great to hang with you on sunday!
could upend the entire DC cab market. It's not even a close fight.
First Friday art event in Las Vegas tonight! Google it!
Back from Africa and so proud of our amazing progress there! Check out the newest pics on our facebook page and stay tuned for more!
I haven't been on twitter in months!!
We need these pics from the paper!
My friend passed out at school. The ambulance took her I hope she`s ok
YOUR COMING TO BUFFALO??!!
Vegas has hood rachets
I'm sowwy I'm such a peepee, I done cain't help it, :'( Pretty sure that's illegal in every state except Kentucky.. XD
Currently, "Born in the USA." Maybe "Debaser." How about you folks? MT : What is your favorite opening song from an album?
#ihatewhen people say they don't like people & talk about them all the time.. but then act like their friend when they're with them. frauds
I won the game representing the steak.
May the Lord give me strength
UNC students bid farewell to Terri Houston
Washington. your from Mexico right?(:
I'm thinking playoff.
What do you get when Joffrey and Hubbard Street dancers join forces for a great cause? A Benefit for EMBARC! Stay Tuned
lets get #HappyBDayAri trending for tomorrow!!! #ArianaArmy!! RT to spread the word!!
i like it
Sparklehorse does not sound as the name would suggest.
Never under estimate a woman's ability to find things out.
Today's Playlist: Jazmine Sullivan, Musiq, Anthony David, Kalenna, PJ Morton, Frank Ocean, Crystal Nicole, Kindred Family Soul and SWV.
You coming to Chicago anytime soon? Or any chance you'll be at SXSW?
That awkward moment when someone really hot talks to you and you suddenly forget what language you speak.
I don't have to answer to any man or boy okay
I'd have paid good money to see that.
SPIKE LEE tweeting peoples address??....sigh
#IWishIHad a way to make it Summer now so this ominous feeling of snow coming back will be gone for good.
i love my mom cause she cares like KOHL's cares!
Online dating stinks.
Desmond, the moon bear.
Steve is even more of a no brainer
Mama raised me but hip hop made me
Profit margins have probably peaked, it's unlikely that the economy will grow sufficiently rapidly to sustain rapid earnings growth.
Sometimes the right person for you was there all along. You just didn't see it because the wrong one was blocking the sight. ()
Canada's new FISA law applies to any commerical elect message ... are US companies ready?
I learned about from an awesome company...and SUCH a good gift idea!
JDI receives letters each day from survivors. Today, Ca'Linda wrote "I am a prisoner rape survivor, not a prisoner rape victim!" We agree!
"Who's up for penis cake?" -Rube Sheeber
Wild night in Sheboygan y'all RT: v - cows were loose, are contained now
Dance Moms: Miami
It's amazing when you take the time to do the things that you want to do what you can accomplish. So today let's make it happen
bout to make dinner......... where is my phone
Brain Floss: One in every 2,000 babies is born with a tooth. February is National Children's Dental Health Month. Schedule at 757-486-4880.
thank YOU!
With the help of Zotero and OneNote, I have tamed my bloated inbox!
brooke and I are both sick....
So much Obama right now.
nun just chillin
i got it too!
yay! So happy for you buddy!
RT new (famous) users usually post hot/halfnaked pics of themselves for proof.
..slicker than the guy with the thing on his eye.
awesome thanks! favorite one so far: "sloshed on sangria" :]
20 cent raise at work. I can finally buy that yacht I've been eyeballing.
Beautiful and inspiring.
that movie is awesome:) i still have vhs!
RT : And this I know, I am not done fighting for the cause of conservatism…In fact I have only begun to fight.
A lucky rabbits foot is not lucky, it is a decoy given by Satan to thank a foot rather than God for our blessings.
RENEGADE IS ON THE MOVE
Summer wedding on the #oregoncoast. Congrats to Audrey & Alex.
I like it/WAYNE-MARTIN in EL DORODO......
I call those "Paddy days".
More Money, More Problems
hahaha yeah that's it ;)
Picking up some #Ogtoberfest tonight :)
I'm a new user, can't find info on whether me requesting money from a non Dwolla person requires them to sign up?
thank you so much for the support!!!!!
Chappelle prom with my girl :)
The best way to keep a secret is not to tell it to anyone...Ashanti Proverb.
BS RT : Crawford said his comments to Alvin Gentry were him telling Gentry "I could have been here. You could have had me."
"Play MINISTRY radio." It's gonna be a crazy Friday at work, guys.
“: Me: "I'm over my crush" Crush: "hey" Me: "Nevermind"”
We all have that creepy neighbor that never comes out of there house.
Man I'm hungry as hell and this leftover lo mein is only enough to piss me off!
When should I start putting good things into my mind? Do it now.
Waiting on my new bike to be delivered
I miss u mi amore!!
The Piano Bar is rockin'n in' 'in 'in. Cool vibes
I think we're gonna have to do a virtual wake when this season of Downton Abbey finishes. Made it back from Seattle in time to watch ...
Cannot wait to see the vow
Hello, Gmail?
I really like this guy. I just wish his feelings were mutual.
does ur phone work anymore? or does it no work only when i call?
IN Quotes: "In order to succeed, your vision must be bigger than your fears."
we ARE pretty Hi-Lar-I-Ous!
I honestly don't remember the last time I slept in my bed.
movin' my hips like yea.
got nominated for homecoming princess...uugh lol
It was hard when she left, even harder after she passed.
I will begin to paint again this week! I promise!
Another difficult day in our town. But we are here for one another.
Yeah, Nic Cage was good. "High praise." haha!
yup he's gettin back in the #artist groove and will be releasing many more covers and originals :)
So tight
What's Ricky Williams up to today?
Instagram is not a place for you to post nasty pictures of yourself in your sports bra and boy shorts after your work out. you're not cute.
Happy Easter to you too
Can someone just take me to another country all summer? Me love you long time!
Exposed bra straps (under tanks) are not cute...
Have fun!
Celebrating the strength of #women is a beautiful thing! Especially considering many women in the world still don't have a voice.
Michalko summary: knowledge is not a zero-sum game. You don't have to be great to be global. Fact of our life.
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was "Whisper" on a windy cold day in Chicago. Changed my life. For reals.
Thanks for the RT!
dread threads T++, Jens zimmermann on drumzzz some people like it. Mordantly funny beats.
very true. I like you better than Brian.
Thanks for your support! Do you have the single?
In her white bikini she does have on spray on abs
Oh, she's lying about the miscarriage. Big time.
U funny babe *smooch*
Regret is the worst feeling in the world....
does anybody kno who phillip and emmanuel hudson is?
Why is the future so scary? Ugh
Ok y'all ttyl I'm going to try to fall bck to sleep
How much you can take and keep moving forward
Seriously. Mastodon. Unbelievable.
My agency is throwing the sickest party right now in Hollywood, open bar and open hot dogs- my life is complete.
Saw some old friends, met new friends, and helped to connect 643 people to much needed services# grateful.
Lefty Frizzell, "If You Got The Money, I Got The Time" = SCIENCE!!!
I was at the store the kiosk said someone in Washington one the biggest Lotto in history. I haven't checked my tickets and won't till tm.
then quit complaining about the loss! Hahah
“: Listeing to some classical LA music #KUSC #iheartradio” // So how do we sound on the app?
yeah but its gonna take a while for me to do it like 3 days , its cool? And the email is ...
All is full of love!
follow me luke :)
God provides the atmosphere of trouble, insecurity, instability & trouble for YOU to build up your most holy faith.
I'll be there baby !
Will there be a wrestling match?
Looking for a job this spring? We need basketball officials. Starting pay is $10/hr. Email if you are interested!
Lamington is soo cute! Just thought I'd share ;-)
i did too it was very sad
Hi Nicole! I'm alive, and well! Just spending more time on FB when I'm able. How are you?? How was the race?
Do u think anyone in this crowd was thinking "oh please do 2 songs from Chinese Democracy for the encore."I guess Axel did.
Albert Speer is NOT a conceptual artist
I'm at Tree of Life Yoga
Now it's back to reality...
60 degrees all week in #NewYork! Time to get outside.
Do you think the Canucks go after Mike Smith this off season?
Sorry, you’re not funny enough to work here; a survey of 1,400 CFOs found 57% think a sense of humor is important via
Techies make way for stranded Egyptians to be heard
Excited to be @ CES launching two new products!
RT : Q1 one more thing that terrifies IT. #winning . #clouduc8 <Yeah - they hate that "loss of control"
Did u do mines yet ?
Just pitched my first home brewing attempt. In ten days I might have my own hard cider!
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the single person u thought whould never hurt u
Uh oh i got that shootn guard spot filld 1st round draft pick Biotch
If you're a guy and you wear makeup just leave.
After tweeting "All Out of Love", I must ask, what is the best Air Supply song? And please do not tell me you haven't pondered this question
you can come to my dogs party with Halvo tomorrow. Double bday fiesta!
yeah, the weather was very weird. Got told maybe my body isn't ready to go back for the summer. Lol. :)
Wonder wat doing
And you seem like the perfect guests :) RT : stanton social seems like a perfect spot.
Yeah Maria is going to win.
Why won't zoey deschanel just show up naked to my door
Can you all go follow my new personal because someone hacked my old one and I lost everything
Remember I had a cute neighbor he moved -_-
that smiley show the look I had on my face lmao o_O and then I was like let me get outta here for somebody end up hurt cause'
feeling really down right now and wishing you would reply to my dms :(
I'm sorry! I gotta get rid of the place for good! Id greatly appreciate that! Im doin good workin at changs now.. You??
“ #WordsINeverWantToHear: I missed my period. Well Bitch u betta go find it”
Also, see the Sean Connery movie 'Outland' (which is basically 'High Noon' in space).
now proudly representing Waterford Press! www.waterfordpress.com
Worries linger about Nickelodeon&#39;s ratings slump
#/reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend is a disrespectful trend!!
I dont believe hes at the door anymore. SO we will go ahead and take care of you!
Kazuo Ishiguro is a badass author. "Never Let Me Go" is SO good! Good night!
Ok I've been called beautiful twice today. I can live with this.
I went to UC!
Time goes by so fast, people go in & out of our life. We must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to us!
6 months until EdCamp Social Studies! Can't wait for the fun & collaboration with AMAZING educators!
I like that..
Um yea , didn't think so bitch .
Sometimes you go to a comics + entertainment convention and call it "cultural immersion"
omg hurry and find one!!
not entirely off-topic: someone needs to release Ophul's "Letter From an Unknown Woman".
gossip girl here "oh the drama"
We are excited too! See you there!
Great turnout for our screening of The Experiment in St Louis tonight!
Ok I'm done. Long story short I messed up the pizza and whatever happens I hope we get a good series.
m.f's always tryin to take they anger out on somebody just because they depressed !
good thoughts & prayers with you all.
damn trina u broke gabe down!!
Had a blast at the 's event tonight, a panel with Andy, Calvin Trillin, Jonathan Alter, and Joy Behar. I love NYC.
Mhm! Gah, I just want to visit xD or see a band perform there. It seems like it'd be amazing :3
Tomorrow is Final Friday on #ArtsGrounds ! Check out Touched by Virginia at Ruffin Gallery, and the new FAVE Bar & Lounge
dangit I tried
Ryan Getzlaf can fight an entire club in 3 minutes.
"content hokey-pokey" -
And we do not by any means want to lose another member <3
I haven't gotten anything! :O
What fun we had last night at our Wine Country Music Event called "Jazz Crush". Check out "Wine Country Music Events" at Facebook for events
You the man!!!
Please help attain the follower goals. Thank you.
Alas, no. Back in western N Y. xx
oh well! It looks bomb!!!!! I knew I should of came!!! Lol
My fun buddie is retarded he said i got sum caramel on my lips u wanna taste it was tryna get a kiss but it wasnt workin
Calipari obviously told team in huddle a few minutes ago that IU is waiting for them.
It will be a great day! RT : I can't watch the 9/11 stuff on TV. Today needs to be fun as he turns 10 today!
yes, most definitely. And you'll be helping Illinois' faltering economy st the same time.
right on USO...love you
There we go ;)
Let me know what you thought of it tomorrow night... Can't wait for you and The Veeries!
i just came back from my grandma's house and before i had 16 followers i come back 2 check my twitter page and i hav 21 this is a miracle
lmao. Sorry I took so long, I fell asleep.
why are there 50 states?
yay!! I can't wait until you get out here and we can all hang out!
i feel like im depresed when im sick
Fat bitches lookin.
You are terminally awesome. :)
Our new flavor is going to be Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter!
Again w hashtags: Contemporary #church service this morning #Methodist in #Minneapolis. #Blues Sunday! Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
Cool peeps u should follow
Very well said!
BOB COSTAS DOES THE DERBY?! and I are SO HAPPY.
were you able to get the Ep yet
I'm really having withdraws right now .. I miss you peanut 😢
- We should have Women's teams affiliated with the MLS teams...
RT really? Did you feel small bits of your soul being sucked out of your body in a shudder of shedding brain cells?
I think a$$ smelling perfume would be more effective
UT/A&M move to Pac 10 presupposes Colorado to Pac 10. Also, ND rebuffs Big Ten, B10 tries to force ND by breaking Big East.
HILARIOUS! RT #DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles - A Series of Unfortunate Events
That was terrible i dont know whats worse his pants or his performance
it looks very good!!!
19 birthday next saturday blessed to see that age man!
Is the UFL holding a draft online just crazy or a possibility for other leagues in the future? As social media grows, more
scotch scotch scotch
Joe a vote for Nwt isa throwaway. GetBehind the FrontRunner who has had 1 wife and not 4 wives w/ .
WTG not to give up on yourselves Raiders,very excellent win.
Getting ready to go to an electronic records conference.
you see mine every b and c day :D
Just found a cricket in my room. Now I can't sleep.
yay!!! aww man. doing laundry sucks. i have to do mine. -__-
Thanks to all who came out to Shades Of Africa!! Shout out to our lovely host
That's because some someone said he would follow anyone with that hash tag.... # desperate
... I miss when you use to get kicked every day.
The Thunder Ain't Playing NO GAMES!
Really penguins is this your new way of playing hockey?? Be winning and then just like give up and let the other team win
Hi! I'm fine thanks and you?
Again #NYGiants #SpecialTeams comes up big!!!
Nothing seems easy this season so far. Reminds me of 11th grade chemistry.
Fav show time #Bethenny Ever After
L.O.V.E. is not a noun to be defined, but a verb to be acted upon.
Playboy bunnies those wanting money........... #Biggieday truely missed
Wait! You're supposed to feed kids?
I like asking kids to discover connections between current events & history (with guidance). More meaningful web weaving.
Where is everyone watching Friday nights season opener??
sitting awkwardly with McKenzie and Andrew.
she told me! & i can't iMessage you cause i'm on my mom's phone :( she still hasn't given mine back, is in my house!
kk I know -.- stupid phone
Friday's Megamillions jackpot: half a BILLION dollars (that's $500 MILLION)!!! One time cash payout: $359 million!!
I assume their list of backstage demands includes having me there. Let me know if u need extra "staff" that day
I'm blonde again!
don't we all but that's too far lol
you best booooi, bc I sure love being supportive of your fine self!!
That goes double in Colorado!
Pretty excited about the 99% Spring and all the direct action trainings!
Now that's good preaching - we only learn through trial and error.
Just one class and two bus rides away from seeing the greatest person alive. I love you 💩
If LAL continues to not try and lose, it'll only be the 2nd time in the past 12 yrs that LAL or the Spurs wont rep the West in the Finals
yeah I know... I'm just gonna cry myself to sleep for now
you bring back as a heel. Yeah its not fully working. It would work maybe if it was not Cena.
#WhenIFirstSawMB I tought ray ray, was weird. Lmfao.. And that prince was the only cute one, o.o but now I think they ALL SEXY ASF.
you wake up.early for.college too
Aww Thank You!!
"Quiet, Efficient and Fast?" How quiet, covert & fast can fighter jets be for 2 hours at 3am?!?!
Good luck! RT : Great second day at #TXLA12 convention. Sad to have to leave early...but have to take certification test....
Research shows that performance is what influences employee satisfaction, not the other way around. Leaders need to help employees achieve.
This is a test.
Darn - hope you have a fast recovery from getting the teeth out though!
Great to see you today on your tour! What did you think?
": lol smh, why that name then?" Becuz its sensual... and strawberries for flavor. ;-)
iPause: Period of time bw when the light turns green & the driver in front of light looks up from his iPhone & pulls away from the light.
Man #life is KRAZY
Why is this the night the #Orioles finally beat Lester ? 14-0 all time vs.
Every time a Mad Men recap mentions the Stones were playing in Forest Hills, I feel a little bit cooler.
Whaddya think, ? Looks good, right? We're gonna make you have a tech cameo season 3.
I'm going to go buy a toolbox and then watch my chest hair grow.
Peter Pan never wanted to grow old. Hear speak on your #campus about how that might be possible
tried that! And everything else that ppl say! Haha
Hit 2 out of 3 bets yesterday, cowboys game by 1point on both over and spread. And 9ers by half a point...
Waiting for Dally to get here so I can shout strange words at her in a foreign language that no one has ever heard of.
My sister said---I HATE Babies! I said back 2 her---Then Why Were U ONE!
Designers from taking letterpress workshop today. They should've listened to dad and learned a real trade in the 1st place.
I feel really bad when I vent to my friends :( like im just being annoying
just got off work
it's Asian pearl drinks!
If Obama declares war on the environment today, he will be making a big mistake--politically, economically, morally, historically
Who is going to this week?
Hugh Jackman is just too cute!! Can't wait to see Wolverine!
"Thanks u have a good Turkey day : Happy Thanksgiving you nd yours. #zoeboient"
Forget Geico. You could save a bunch of money on child support by switching to condoms.
If you give a mouse a cookie, make sure there isn't any chocolate in it because his heart will probably explode..
Shared plate extravaganza! Avocado salmon n the red fish outstanding..Topped off with banana gingersnap pudding!
Buy her a new, bigger medicine ball.
Who's got practice or working out tonight?
Headin up to auburn!
Can't be in ATL to see on Sat.? Catch the game & enjoy buy-1-get-1 FREE 25th Anniv. Double Dog by !
RT : Love me some RT “: We talked about Christ Bridging the Gap in small group.Thought about you! #YL #Africa”
"Welcome To Sitcom! :-D" RT : I have just made this up: "Olive Garden Level Sitcom" and I release it into the public domain
Like some rock in your drink? Vt. company markets soapstone 'ice cubes' | The ... - The Republic
Nice slide deck. Sorry to see #TTWebinar fail today. Looking forward to reschedule
Thank you for your condolences. They are much appreciated.
Tea bags brought to a boil & removed from the pot tend to drip & eventually dry up -that's what I expect from this movement.
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
I remember the first time i heard sing and thought "wow he is really good"
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
We have a show coming up tomorrow at The Garage in Burnsville, MN! Only eight dollars! Come out and hang!
Todd Terry live tmrw! For VIP email - no bottle service minimum for tables, book now before they're gone!
Looking forward to this! RT : I'll be giving a talk at Columbia in April entitled "#THATCamp as Scholarly Society"
possibility, what do you think
Who's aardvark's favorite male singer?Frank Sinostril!
We have arrived at Legoland in Chicago.
I can't believe I chose to wear a tie on May Day.
NICE, better luck next time. :) RT : Direct from : I put 30 bucks worth on Val and Kurt lol :)
Welcome to the twitfam! Parental Advisory
Agreed, need usf soccer season back! ": boring tweets about football. Z #terriblesport"
Thanks for the follow! Can't wait to check it out. Got any daily deals?
Hi David. I worked for Pearson in Boston for many years. Know Sarah Hull from Custom? A friend of mine. Cheers
Nerd talk: What drives me most bonkers about the Star Wars prequels is the superpowers that Jedi seem to have lost post-Clone Wars.
I agree, that guy is a nut!
#favoriterapperrightnow besides me drake he killing the game!!!!
Crazy busy weekend. Have to schlepp all the way to Queens later for a Christening! Ugh
are u in school le ?
I stay with a box of this stuff. I can sing over any sickness because of this tea!
Current graduates should create a plan of action for theor career. Know where you're going and how to get there
I'm glad all is well with you. It's funny since 55 degrees is perfect for Detroit. ;)
no remember I saw you yest...we kidnapped the chef at loco poco, I think we might be asking for too much ransome $$
This is the strangest walk I have had on K Street in a long time...and that says a lot. Is there a full moon out tonight?
Once you’ve raced, you never forget it…and you never get over it. – Richard Childress
Just the two of us alone feeling like we should.
how adorable we're you and tonight on #wwhl. Definitely the classy bunch of reality tv.
That sounds like an awesome chapter. And also like the set-up to a postmodern novel.
Is it then the audience's job to make relevant connections between #newplay and current events?
Looks like Obama Care will become law ...
They were tight. Professional. Smooth. Interesting scene. I think I'd like the style of music better if I could dance.
at home y?
I agree. Work gets in the way of the outdoors too much.
i'm glad you like it!
Grouplove dedicates last song of encore to
D: i cant get floor seats then.
that's where I get my cuts, great place.
happy almost birthday, Lou!
Massive thoracic rotation right there!
I just woke up! Lol. I'm late in this convo. I don't remember your shoe breaking.
Good Morning world
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
the tickets for tampa isn't working, will they be selling on saturday again?
Thank you to everyone stopped by the Study Away table at the Student Organization Fair yesterday the SCT Organization Fair today!
Get show services 10-30 days before.Best to order 30+ days prior to save on costs- if you wait to the day, floor price can be 10-20% higher.
Always hard to categorize ; would love to see arts/culture orgs represented in future years.
Right, though both must be earned.
Hahaha women are whores, liars, users and I hope any that cross me or my friends get aids, suffer, and skull fucked with spike. Happy Monday
I will bail you out but I can't guarantee I will bring you clothes when I bail you out of jail(;
Just landed. Its hot down hurrrr
that statute is only meant to protect citizens in their homes/vehicles. If you escalate the situation, it does not apply.
RT : Apple having presser at 1pm & Chris Christie is too. Either Christie will reveal he *is* the iPhone 5, or he needs PR help.
It's all da way live at penthouse righ na.
Weird washing my hair this morning. I usually have to submerge may hair in conditioner. Now I just have sprinkle it like picked dust.
the reason there's no such thing as a free lunch is the opportunity cost of the other things we could be doing with that time
Great formula to achieve your dreams!
“Be a rainbow in someone else's cloud.” ― Maya Angelou
What do you want to do in 2012?
crack is wack ;)
