From Target (which I generally love) the Michael Graves broom & dustpan with a long handle (the snap together) but the design was not good.
No, Missourians burn down Lawrence.
Happy Black History Month!
Thanks for the follow ! Your story is phenomenal & inspiring. It truly spoke to me..
Sorry I'm being such a bum, I'm just not in a good mood.. :/
Negative thinking can affect your health. Do your best to focus on the positives of life.
• He trying to box. Lol...I'm jk...I know you dealing with that ankle..
RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
Off to London! Although it's for work, and I probably won't get to see much while I'm there. But still, London, so that's pretty cool.
are my life are my life are mi life are mi life are my life are my life are my life are my life are my life are my life ♡
Welcome so wht r ya doin?:)
Empowering Changemakers with Technology: featured in article by of Hooray!
playing guitar so much....i cant move my fingers because there so cramped no:(
If Friday the 13th wasn't a good day for you, come into Coop's on Saturday the 14th for some good eating and it'll be sure to cheer you up!
they make my heart pump blood to certain areas RT ": The boys from make my heart race."
damn your tuff man talking shit about Danny Granger on twitter, you must be hard
every breath I take it brings me to tears
Going to go to a party later. So I gotta get ready!!!!!
Sure does look a lot like the view from my deck!
its a tank top *ahem*
Thanks! Enjoy the day.
Recording HAWAII FIVE-0, later will see it.
I've yet to cash in on the Studio Art, English, or History minors, as such, yet. Or the Philosophy degree, for that matter.
Stumbling upon a rerun of the pilot episode of the Cosby Show is one of TV's greatest pleasures.
The Browns are the only team in Cleveland that I still follow.
Joining the bandwagon...anyone got a spare Google+ invite? Delibrarian_at_ gmail. Thx, will pass it on!
For you know that when your faith is tested, your endurance has a chance to grow. James 1:3
That, too!
Roll one, smoke one:)
i heart tacos
I can't stand Vogel.
Hmm creepy... hahaha but that will be the best gift ever!
New disruptive models Kickstarter, air b and b, Kahn academy
sipping that dr pepper and playing with the pen and useless shit we don't care about
Omg!..They are sinking that bitch once again in 3D. #Tinanic is being re-released. #milking it #money grab
Nothing like Greenville, NC
RT Great keynote by Accept and respond to change. SEM is much like Agile development.
Hoping for Wednesday, June 20th. We're planning to fly out on the 19th. Nothing is set in stone yet though.
Where was these fans during regular season??
nice! did u guys take out the boat?
Orton is making Cassel look like a chump
I love Pay/Case, but so few vendors in the Mission use it that I forget it's even an option. More soon? (Until then, )
Today's tip: Be sure to include both areobic and anaerobic exercise in your weekly routine.
That's terrible coming from a girl :/
I'm in awe. #TSW2012 has raised close to $18,000 for - 40% more than last year. Great job everyone!!! cc
you tha man! Thanks for the support!! \m/
To be successful isn't about reaching success in one night. Its Reaching the next step then the next step till you get to where your going
Start the weekend early tonight! C'mon in for Leon and the Reckless All Stars, some great pub grub and a brew or two!
Michelle, it was great seeing you and today. It's always fun to have you in. Hope you feel better.
wait im clicking ur subscribe button but nothings happening ? :O
Not buying but I think nothing says Happy Valentines Day like a piece of thick cut cod...
Omg I forgot , thanks for the reminder...
moving on towards bigger and better goals!.
yes very much so
My ass cant hang i cant text 4 the next hour...ass falling a sleep while tweeting
hey sexy!!!
My dad on LA: "It's nice here. You can grow tomato, cucumber, artichoke ..."
Correction. We are in the 78705. LONG DAY.
#Chinesefiredrill say what? ;)
Well hey, we missed you!
OH MY GOD FOLLOWED ME! I SWEAR I LOVE HER MORE THAN JUSTIN!
Afternoon siesta....Yes Please! 💤👍
RT : LOVE that the high school students come to hang out after school lets out!!! great job
Love this! RT "Flavor is a health issue. If flavor is missing, no amt of nutrition science will fill the gap."
Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you
RT Sweet! I'd guess will hit the stage around 10 or so. See you !
Look at the moon!!! Just joking. I haven't seen it. Just wanted to be the first one on the west coast to post that.
sorry twitter... I've been neglecting you recently :(
That just gave me a giggle. RT : If Barack Obama ain't black, his lips sholl are!!!
Danny Glover and Ross Mirkarimi are having a rally for Ross now at 24th & Mission. Please join us!
“: Bro. Steak N Shake lost like 5 million people... so you should def apply there!” I will!
Did I spell Austin's Song Wrong "Say Somethin" OMG i'm so disappointed /:
RT I'm working on my 6th article for the official Expo 2012 blog about some lesser known examples of world's fair architecture
Thanks for the follow. What part of Memphis you rep.
Memphis, It's not over! I still #BelieveMemphis!
well i want to move to North Carolina even more now.
Every time Toure's name (the journalist not rapper) comes across my timeline, I get legit pissed.
Some of our kids are on iOS5 and some on iOS 4. Quiet a few apps aren't backwards compatible, so looks like upgrading is a must
Don't tell him about the dust bunnies, with their ferocious teeth and sharp claws.
a woman's best friend usually signs off her (the womans) big relationship(s) ...#tiptoguys befriend the best friend
Finally Joshua Ledet can stop screaming in my face
extremely powerful! Best I have heard.
Just walked into the eye doctor. Receptionist greeted me with a loud, "Spoke with your mom this morning. She got pink eye from your dad!"
hahaha I'm so dumb sometimes I swear. Oopsies. Haha
you are a SF fan! After hometown loyalty people pick teams with their emotions....
I just saw this! Thank you!!
Come purchase your tickets for African Cultural Night for tomorrow at 5PM. General Admission tickets at $5, PSU students get in FREE!
Dear nipples: when you stick out like that at the gym, it embarrasses me. Could you go down please?
keep his job and his endorsement contact just because he is not a BLACK Athlete
Minister Naledi Pandor: task of education is to create an active & participatory citizenry.
Me and my bro just got treated by these lovely ladies and for dinner.
New drama Revolution on NBC looks good, but better keep the expectations low in the Monday 10 p.m. hour.
When I text you, it means I miss you. When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me.
Feeling good. Nervous, but good.
Goodnight, sweet dreams!
“: Getting attacked by lovebugs at this rest stop cc: ” i was just about to tweet u! Lol
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms on my TL!
i dont want to hear you call me a trappey slut . u dont no who i have f***ed ..
Partying outside while everyone's crying inside?
It's getting interesting at willy t
YOU KNOW HOW TO GiVE MEH THAT WHEN i RUNNiNG..YOU THE ONE..AiNT NO OTHER NiGGAS LiKE YOU...YOU THE ONE POOH... 💋
Killed it tonight! 2-0! Woot! awesome way to end the night :)
Great to hear at our #badgers athletics luncheon today. Strong message, sports visionary and #B1G proud!
I wonder how many Vandy students were rejected by Harvard.
In a down mood...
RT : how did you come up with your rapper name?? >>Christ showed me who I am as his follower, a True Disciple of God
Someone give me the low down on this juicer phenom. Health benefits? Taste? Best juicer? Recipes?
Started my workout today its gonna be on come spring ;-)
What time is it?
WILL DO HOMIE!
You bring syrup? “: Thank You to for being such a gracious host”
The video of Chris Bosh punking Lebron's interview is fucking hilarious.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Hope you have a Fricken blast this weekend!! Muahhh
when will you be in Louisville, KY?
Does it do ANYTHING when you try to open? You try open-clicking the app from your app folder? Can you open any word doc?
Highlight of the day: Overhearing one of my students say " I love this class!"
At least I think I do.
how dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in truth
:( That sucks big time. Is he alright? Is everyone alright?
It has been a long battle. Of course, I finally get this done when there are only two class sessions left...oh well. :)
hello kitty is so kute!
why are you doing this?
I have the advantage of getting away with things because normally I don't do stupid things :D
TGIF. out with my girls 
Had an AMAZING DAY -walked at USNA - sailed - chilled with a dear old friend . .. ALL GOOD!
My parents' mail carrier looks like Gallagher and smokes cigars while he does his thing. Badass.
watching my favorite show, #toddlers&tiaras. Dang this pageant is Around the World. #wishIwascompetitinginit #gotthis haha
We booked the trip - looking forward to seeing you in June!
follow me please!(:
15 Massachusetts charter public schools ranked No. 1 in the state on MCAS this year, including several in urban districts. Congrats!
I want the Bravermans to move to Dylan, TX for some sort of Jason Katims supershow
Coffee & the sports section in the lobby. Not a bad way to start day 2 of #dolehealthsummit. :)
Hey I know a real Champion Tag Team, #Headbangers they're #TREMENDOUS :-)
i procastinate even when my homework is makeup...
Its april 20. I'm in marin county.
Pls disregard my tweets - I am not drunk - and accidentally turned it on. Its only 10am...
He gave me some good head so I gotta go get him a cooper sandwich
WE MADE IT
So hot in my office today...yeowza... gonna have to wring out my socks... sheesh!
Thank you! HOPE TO SEE YOU VVRRROOOOMMMM!!!! :-) TAXI????? (919)633-2606...LET ME BE YOUR DESIGNATED DRIVER!
- How's the weather in Scottsdale?
I especially look forward to closing the structural deficit. It hasn't been easy, but then, nothing worthwhile ever is
Go check of . He and his band are freaking awesome
to be. Plus I've got tons of shit on my mind. Ryan's ex is pregnant and yes it's Ry's. Not sure how I feel about that but it hurts.
In da midst of da storm,there was a tall tree dat couldn't fall. That tree gave a new meaning to worth
Today was terrible, I feel disheartened. I'd like to hide from the world for a while.
Follow ! Please?<3 She follows back(:
That's what's up! RT : Fletcher Cox is the 11th first round pick in Mississippi State history. Fourth-highest pick in MSU history.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention ... im a virgin
Former car dealer Ed Martin Jr. says Ind. Horse Racing Commission violated his civil rights, trespassed on his Fla farm....
It's okay my voice is "manly" too. Ahaha.
My favorite part of Puss In Boots was when they played AMERICANO.
Life is just too short... RIP Samah </3
Had such a good night!
Does this mean we only celebrate the life Davy Jones every 4 years?
I mean, what would you have said about Gary Sheffield, the worst brewer ever?
We are in solidarity with #South Africa& those across the globe! Celebrating the longest liberation movement. #selflessstruggle #Anc 100
Basketball tonight! urg I'm gonna be tired bro.
Its been this way since I was a child it needs to stop.
Yes, it was Gonzaga +7.5. Barely but it hit.
Albert Einstein~ It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Now, I'd better work on some slides--I do have a talk to give tomorrow.
I like hearing myself chew so i do it loud, just wanted to share!
Would a riot cheer you up? :)
all day on the road. home. bunny slippers. single malt. hockey on tv.
Not sure if you know this, but I like super heroes, comic books, & cartoons because I want to be a good dad...eww kids I'm just immature.
l'il abner at theatre row. Now the old man is describing what he eats everyday. Jealous?
you playing inbox me
Great day today. Excited for round 2 tomorrow. Will have our radio handy to tune into the game!!
RT The Beavers in 2008 got 365k fans for 69 games. The Timbers got 159k for 30 games. Why lose 365k customers to B-town?
“: just text me. Please.” will do.
In other news, I'm looking for a good PVC glue for some craft work. More on this exciting topic later...
Just got a great deal on soccer cleats at Rogan shoes in Racine.
are you afraid of people taking #control of their own lives? or at least trying to?
then leave me alone. I think it's hypocritical for them to be offended.
Awesome flyer!
I want someone to love me like Tate loves Violet
bahahaha at least u passed
just sent me an e-mail about reducing the deficit. It must have been meant for Sunday.
m remember the salsa sour cream combo we used to make? :) I just bought some peach salsa today!
Dear , do you have your cherry beer for sale at the brewery?
We think TEBOW is doing a great job
I will not eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick, not wounded, dead. ~Woody Allen
I like how my parents r divorced n dont talk... But my mom's parents come over to my dad's house to visit n invite him to family parties. Ha
I need to change my screen protector and get a new case
and by virgin we mean
haha naw you mad we speak the truth.
looking fwd to opening for ya brother
Loading up my car to get it down to the Douglas County Fairgrounds. See YOU tomorrow morning!!
I think the dumbest mistake I made last year was not buying more than 1 pair of Cement 3's when they dropped in November 😔
me too!
ICS Financial Systems Showcases its Leading-edge Solutions at MEFTEC 2012 - Bobsguide (press release)
Have u had the Mac and cheese yet? I wanna try it so bad!
If I lived in SoCal I would be going to the NCAA Men's Volleyball National Championship game at Galen Center at USC 7:30.
hey... I'm old enough to go to the barz.
First day of highschool, and it didn't get lost!! :)
Thanks new pavilion looks cool.
You are not healthy! RT : I hate when my hands randomly get cold and turn purple
I seriously hate you :(
Talked to a girl that's on the vampire diaries today on the sidewalk. I'm ashamed of myself for recognizing her...
Getting an amazing phone case very soon.
i love CODY SIMPSON the most...and his lips are going to be raped by me :)
I feeling very low tonight an Idk why
Welp, that was a strange game.
Watching the documentary Dr. Bronner's Magic Soapbox, two min in it might be the scariest movie I've ever seen.
did you get my texts?
Listening to Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist while driving...95 is such a boring highway.
Awesome. Please let me know if you have any feedback or have any ?'s about
This guy just called me old lolol.
Good foul
I wanna tan today...
I look like a cow girl right now. Dear god. Someone help me.
This theatre is crazy.
ok you confuse me lol I never know if your with jay or not aye aye aye “: Renewing our vows :D”
Bodybuilding is obsolete. It is the antithesis of functional exercise. CG Philosophie.
While I don't enjoy staying here, my medical team has been awesome! Thx Laura, Maija, Patience, Susan, Mitsy, Doctors & ID team!
haha awe poor kitten :O but at least you didnt have much time to get attached?
happy MLK day!
Thanks for the #FF!!
my sister just called me a creature..
Actually, everything you do is annoying..
u will..it just started raining here... there will be lotsa tix too
has recently developed a healthy addiction to Law and Order
where did you get that... he is so perfect. I want him.
Is this #dwts show or a plug for the Kardashians? So unfair!
Take a deep breath you are strong. You can do this, ego aside head held high. Only winners take the challenge and rise.-My Dad game advice.
Happy mother's day!!
congrats on the role in Contracted (just read the news this morning)! Huge fan of Dawning.
I'll be there! Can't wait!
Facebook I think fml
In Denver. Beautiful city. Oh yeah, fuck the Rapids.
Allergies are starting to kick my butt this afternoon. Ugh!
i made a special pic showing how much i truly love getin tweets from u all<3 one secc
Mrs. just taught Miss to use a coaster.
hey now! I'm a legit follower :)
why does it that everyone love but cant make that love last its sad really
Texas Plates? Why yes please
What ever happened to integrity?
Good look bros shoot outs to you too
New #job #Nursing instructor full time or part time
Annoys the shit out of me when umps affect a game. Wake up Stern.
RT : Sam Jackson Park Road now open.
Randy: Joan experiences science as an outsider (as many of us do), earth as an insider (as few of us do).
well duh!! Anyone else?
I'm sitting right next you guys ❤💙💘
Race weekend!!! Ready to get this party started!!!
Hey wanna chat
Our Ft. Lauderdale COA Prep Course in 3 wks is already at full capacity but I just contacted the venue to add more space. Y'all come!
Yup, we have a session at 2pm in Room C on social organizing! RT : are you hosting a session today?
Gloomy day outside, new clients shooting inside.
Yeah, she leaves tomorrow morning, I leave Tuesday.
forget we think you're swell.
Don't cry because it's over; smile because it happened. -Dr. Seuss
What's that? Plagued by a case of the Biebers? I'm sorry, ma'am. It's incurable. He'll just keep coming back
U r the best!!
The only reason I watched celebrity apprentice just got fired.
great day for some Floyd!
We cant depend on our looks to pay our bills forever,we do get old,we cant depend on rapping ,but we can depend on God,he allways there
My next road trip will take me to Vicksburg, MS. I will leave tomorrow morning. Have a safe weekend everyone
At the orthopedic #greenwoodorthopedics @
The mirror do lie cuz it dnt show the inside of you (feelings)
Huge fan here. Good luck this season.
oh yeah? It opened very, very easy for me.
Whole house, but not a mansion or anything. Probably four hours though. That feels totally worth $100 at this point.
I love it when he knows that I fell asleep, but he still says goodnight. <3
its so bad that they would do better by just being quiet when N.O. has the ball
What song? :) what up jersey girl. #Jersey is where its at.
I wanna watch shark boy and lava girl
Want a custom painted parasol for the Saints games?! Hit up
Growing my beard back!
hanging with karmen & jenna.
My break is too long... I don't need 45 minutes to eat lunch... I'd rather have 3 15 minute breaks.
lol so been there!
Happy Birthday David... Hope its a great one
hey JAKE ur awesome!!!!!
QUICK EASY EXERCISES single 10 minute workouts!! qe2exercise.com
Awesome...as always. I'm sure will appreciate as well. Thanks man!
I imagine Laurence Sterne in the age of misappropriated use of hashtag commentary and sign for the future of em-dashes and parentheses.
I wish. Work trip.
Space shuttle flyby of DC was OK but gawkers actually parked on view-friendly bridges over the Potomac. Huge mess; my commute took xtra hour
Don't forget a sippy cup tomorrow.. ;)
Are teens shooting the video or is staff handling that? I like the idea of teens learning to manipulate technology
weather is suppose to be dry and the deck should be hoping for afterwards
That awkward moment when Captain America's best friend Bucky becomes The Winter Soldier and tries to kill him....woops.
It's 48 out right now. I think I may just stay in bed w the heater on this presidents day.
i went back to the wishlist, laid it out different & cut 2 systems... I'm not going to be as happy, but it should work.
How do you add instant value to your listing ? Carpet and Paint. Call a contractor you can trust. @ Mr.D's painting we do it all Lic# 630616
I'm digging that new Shonda Rhimes series #Scandal that's pretty good!
#BAYMAM - Your coding system is fabulous!
Sharing the Twitter love!
Just booked our first postgame meal of the 2012 season with Milwaukee's Favorite NL franchise. Can't wait!!!
Becoming a happy positive person is a habit. What one thing will u do differently today?
Filner says "I just outlined my pension plan. I'm glad Nathan has picked that one up from me."
Things that appear to be mutually exclusive: 1. Feeding baby while 3yo is awake. 2. Going to the bathroom while either child is awake.
this day in blues history: blues singer Ethel Waters born October 31, 1896
Ohright! When u email nobody can read what you said like on facebook #timelinecansuckit I wanna trend that
thank you! Be sure to follow our FB pages and ESY blog! Pinterest account coming soon...
And I wonder if u know what it means...
it was one tweet
very nice indeed mark!
What you need for thinking through your org's website: mood boards, typical audience profiles, and content priorities.
Kali has made it home. His new and last home in Brooklyn with my roomie Talia and her dog, Nina. Thanks to Fritz for roadtripping with me!
good alt 4 fried chicken! Dip skinless chkn breast in spray butter roll in crushed rice krispies bake 350 till golden brown!
Weird question but how do you get on a cosmetic company's list for that? I'd love to get press releases! TY.
Vegas, Phoenix, Houston, Indianapolis, & Jacksonville were the Top 5 scanning cities in 's #QR Code campaign
#FF my fabulous reporter team: and Twitter derelict
I'm sad, too. I'm glad it's raining here, it's a fitting tribute. I loved Mr. Sendak's work.
If you tell I ask for too much then that means I'm too much for you..
Three Marriott partner Hotels are steps from the Start line! Stay at Fairfield Inn&Suites/Spring Hill Suites/Courtyard Marriott
Tweet of the year
#POTD is Airplane! (1980), which I was reminded of by today. If you have never seen this..."why do you hate comedy?" (C. Hardwick)
1 day baby. we like members of aa taking it 1 dream @ a time until we have our nite in paris w/ the 1. the 1 is all we need! :)
haha going through lines now! when I answer say HEY ITS TYLER!
Where's my baby, ?
will do!
Bitches and hoes
Rest in peace, Ruth Fernandez, “el alma de Puerto Rico hecha canción.”
On my way to Astoria for some stout and cold weather!
Yay!!!! I finally wrote in my #WIP! One thousand words! Gosh, I feel good.
Love to you too!
AND ITS ON..GN
Got off work in time to run home and change then go to iyg :)
Combo party. Totally!! 2013
You must really like boosie . Smh at you Marcus
Wanted to get back out for a #D2L cocktail but the storm is gently suggesting I stay in. Anyone in the actual hotel bar(s)?
So excited for #glee tonight. Whoopi Goldberg is on this episode!
hey jay, great meeting you yesterday. Let's keep in touch
Happy Bday to the Goat! Michael Jordan! Love the memories!.and the heart you always showed unmatched. Unmatched!
im going to sleep im so tired goodnight xx
If my math is correct, that's an 18-0 run for the Spurs.
Get ready for Napa Hour! 5pm!
Need a band name - we mash up 70s bluesy rock with hip hop - 4 guys and me - so far 'mantarts' and 'mixed nuts' are out.
#ASECS12 Looking at sensibility discourse across trade networks between Caribbean and New York, through lens of a divorce trial.
out of cigarettes and its pissing me off
Sounds great, sign me up!!
Hi Kendra - great meeting you yesterday at Row 14. Thought I was following you - oops! That's been fixed. :)
Every time I get a 12" hoagie --thinking I'll get 2 meals out of it-- I can't stop eating and just finish it all. So good.
First class mail?! #yay! From who? The Senior Citizen's League.
this is my shit.
RT; if you read this(;! AHHahahahha
haha thanks. I have until the 30th but I need that chick to reply or I'm gonna me shit outta luck. have you written lately?
Just drinkin' Hot Chocolate *.*
Clinton Pledges $25 Million for Net Freedom Fighters
RT Work In Your Underwear & Make $230+ Paid Daily Using Twitter 100% Free! ~Wait, I already do that and get my cock sucked!
Yay! We look forward to having you Aimee!
oh i thinnk i meant to send that to
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 4: Team members should all look engaged, supportive and affirming from beginning to end.
Shower felt great
Reality Check: 79 boys did not "like" your picture because you're "pretty", they liked it because your tits are hanging out, smh.
Comment section on Naright has lost it. People, in all sincerity, are saying Lil B isn't getting his proper respect
thanks for following us! we will be showcasing our collection Spring 2011! Stay tuned!
Just finished #c25k week 4 run 2 with #GetRunning – 31½ minutes of exercise and 16 minutes of running. Next run: Friday 27th.
I've consumed so many chocolate-covered espresso beans in the last month they've become their own food group.
I agree. Conscious evolution is the only option. Have a great day!
Indianapolis company donates supplies to Henryville school
I Hope She Beat This Bitch Ass !.
Thank you to Mark and the team at MSCO for my new Twitter skin! Looks great!
hey, inbox me your num plz
Ugh, migraine…
Photo shoot time! I love my job! :-)
Opening Night Party by Luxe Magazine at C.S. Wo for the ASID OCC Dream Home tonight
Darn that Joan Didion. She made me cry again.
RT : Work for a cause, not for applause.
And we'd still have a few more years of WW2 to get through!
Finally the sensationalist media is acknowledging there is no Economic recovery
awww mattchu!! I miss u too!!!:( cant stop thinking about CALI!!
Boys II Men singing me to sleep.
Galaxy Tab makes a great Kindle! Free amazon kindle app gives me all the books plus I can do email, browse web, play games :)
much much worse
$PASO Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on!
umm let's see... If you like me by we the kings
Never in my life will I be able to curl my hair with a straightener. Never ever never.
You need some clean protein like #Ahi and complex carbs #rice and rest! #followus #SanJose #eat healthy!
wow...4 home runs in one game,,,
A friend gave his life today for very ones who murdered him in #Kurdistan, #Iraq; he epitomized the msg of "preemptive love"
I need a crochet fairy to come visit my house tonight
Thanks and likewise! Never stop!
I really like one word tweets
how often do you visit your library as a meeting place, for programming, or other "library as community center" interactions?
STOP! I can't take any more blatant unethical abuse of public positions.
Happy Birthday!! Enjoy this day in full!
Happiness? That's nothing more than health and a poor memory
North Carolinians vote down gays tying knot. Think marriage should be between a man and his sister.
Well, naturally. But since I don't have any I settled for peanuts...literally.
Watching my lil brothers football game
it was totally a girls day :)
thanks for the re-tweet!
These mfs killing me with these squares...smh🚬😷
Martin why did you do that? Because I lost my temper..
And your still important to me. Why?
including the one they just built over here I think 5 now .
thanks for the RT Robert!
here we go
I went on a diet, swore off drinking and heavy eating, and in fourteen days I lost two weeks.
in the car this weekend dude! Omg. Bout to fsu~
Girl next to me wearing an all time low shirt hey what's up
#iPhone users. Yesterday got a yellow hazard logo appear on my screen & now phone wont charge or sync. This is an iPhone 4 not jailbroken
Awake at 6 am? Cuddle in bed on twitter.
will you be there Wednesday?
#edumooc2 Wiki-textbooks? Where the students assemble the text over the course of the class
#AskPSanders favorite tv show?
not at all. We might be the only two though.
Congrats to on new gig w/ & will have u wearing plaid in no time.
Happy the lord woke me up to another day :)
Hot dammnit it's the weekend!
aw Nat you're too sweet! Thank you! :)
Bo Burnham is gorgeously offensive.
Man people are coming down hard on Micheal Jordan & the Bobcats, but how many hall of players became good coaches? Not Magic or Isaiah.
iPhone. Do it for the fans ;)
DailyHookahTip#96: Do not run water down the hose to clean it. This will cause corrosion in the hose and an unpleasant taste later.
D'OH (Homer Simpson) now you tell me - lol
A lot of bitches with muk faces on my tL
Let's go Vancouver!
Were can i send my info
before when my mom me mycousins aunt and uncle when we got out of the car itold my mom beiconic and shesaid wat do u want lol
Donovan #usa !!
Dave Eisert says hi. And, you're doing twitter examples?
congrads u got 100 followers!!! P.S.>ur still a loser...
Silly boys.
it's hotter than hell this saturday.... $3 red devil cocktails, dance with the devil contest, open bar 10-1am
Snoop Warren Rihanna...
alabama safety
Isn't this how we all spend our days? ; ) RT : reading Law, Regulations, or other dry manuals.
I didn't say have sex with it! lol you'd get an STD. Just a kiss with it :D
I can't believe made me watch such a terrible movie.
A kiss: To a young girl, faith; to a married woman, hope; to an old maid, charity.
we had guest appearances by and lol
wow...cant believe that. Well it impressed me to see your tweet in SI.
RT : I love that sketch..thx brother
We have received your application to Confirmations will go out to registrants soon! Looking forward to meeting you.
for now, until our next encounter
OT are ya with me?!?
follow back homie!
Final Score USC 17 - Utah 14. Fantastic and exciting 4th Quarter! Great Game! Fight On!
Light it up, like its dynamite®
two beautiful performances 2nite, your rockers Amazing!!
#uic lined up in the bowels of the pavilion about to march in for LAas commencement
I miss you bitch!
yeah there is some Star Wars in the mix for me as well as wine
Got the new Apple I Phone ? Super say Rickey Lee Watson and listen to "What I Love About America" It's on Fire and sweeping the Country
yo its Carlos! Follow back a me!
Build-measure-learn. Repeat.
is around the show and ready to answer any questions. Hit up their table to plan that next Ski trip.
sorry! I saw your smiling face pop up when I was checking in..
guess what i got!?
depends on build out cost ect. I would say that is on the higher end and could be a bit much. You could work it with 200k
Shooting a commercial w/ & baby Indie, in the morning!
thank you ☺
Trying to make it in boring ass Arlington!
Yes. It's the 1-loss scenario that's worrisome, although the rules governing the process need to be known first.
I don't know actually probably fucked hahaha :P
I didn't know you were managing too. You're a busy guy!
I'm serious hun! Moderation is key!
Brothers gotta eat haha
Can't wait for SF!
We all drink from wells we didn't dig; eat fruit from trees we didn't plant. - be ever grateful.
Agreed... RT : Loved the NFL commercial. Well done, and fun nostalgia.
Again, this is final game of the first round of the Big 12 Tournament. NCAA Tournament positions also on the line. A&M to kick 1st.
you should try 's zucchini pickles - will bump it up higher on your list.
When we believe, we can achieve!
Kind of crazy, kind of awesome to think that hunger strikes are still a way to get what you deserve.
Chile es un pais de fuerza y solidaridad admirable. I love you people!!!
#ff Upcoming projects
yeah it should just be one night to collect the data. I'm wishing you luck, hope they help you!
RT : "You can't truly rest until every area in your life rests in God." AW Tozer
!!! RT : Ya proms gonna be wack compared to HVTs!
Only an hour left in this class -.-
Don't let today's deal pass you by! Glow's site goo.gl/Le1J - $20 gets you $40 towards ANY services! www.crowdclick.com
yes SANG
Don't want you to be bummed? Would you like a copy of the book?
wow i know 6th graders tht r like 5'6 there taller then both of us :-) lol
Facebook bought the wrong company, go get
Nair!!RT I willcut a check into itty bitty pieces an make you confetti... thats all i got for you
And I thought I loved you then 💗
Watching the encore DWTS!! Can't wait for tomorrow night!
Getting hyped up for my jam yo! :O
Hey Tucker! Are you busy on Sunday? Maybe we can have one then ^_^
I seriously don't like that nigga!!!
Filner says he has experience working in binational way.
The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession, what there is of it.
Ask her to go out to have fun it's either im busy or no son
real talk I'm annoyed so shut the fuck up
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself. - Lloyd Alexander
nice meeting you, albeit briefly.
Such foolishness only brings the gospel of Jesus Christ into ridicule and derision, all because some foolish old man thinks.....
Vote on Tuesday and get Walker out NOW. It's really simple. It's a checkmate move. Use it!
Zavada: Head voice is your sighing voice, chest voice is sighing, belt voice is calling.
DM me your email address please
Love it! Two of them sleeping at my feet right now :)
R.I.P. Don Cornelius
12 machines x12 reps, 2/3 normal weight, goal 12x12x2 reduced weight rest of Feb then full weights & reps to start March.
Rumor has it that Beat The Buzzer is going up to $1,500 tomorrow!!
4 US based league clubs are in CCL group stage
look on , they tweeted about it.
video arts or design i don't even know yet!
Who here likes the old Mo-Town music? We love it! Classics!
follow for all bella thorne news xo
"Will you dare to divulge? An instant musical revealed nightly."
The woman gives reason to be unfaithful, a man no.
Native app- built for target platform. Web app- write once, pub once.
Our great weekly team call is TONIGHT 6pm EST. JOIN ME! Message me for the number. What can it hurt?
The jacket my mom sent me smells like wood stove. The smell of home.
You ready? Our brackets need this.
I was kicking it to those old songs...
"Glory to God alone"
I think my boyfriend broke my back.
Vegas observation #4: Pretty sure I'm not the only one who has no idea how to play these penny slots. Pull the lever? Okay I can do that.
Nice. I try to throw in Star Trek references when working with some of my team members.
Puck out of play at The Q goes into the club level... Right near Don't see that every night
what's with you guys and sending everyone shitty porn?
good.. she can emilys cock
That song by Jackson 5, I'll always be there, is on American Idol right now.
thanks for the tip! I live in a metro area and they don't service my neighborhood. They offered dial-up, time travel exits!
Kill the head and the body will die
it's now Dark brown instead of black ..:)
D Rose and living the dream!
Thank you to everyone who came out to the show last night & supported the band. It was great to see some familiar faces & some new ones!
I spent 1 hour Bowling. 224 calories burned.
Dirk Salomons of Columbia U asks whether #unicef's traditional independence is affected when it's now tied to political positions of UNSC.
Thank you for spamming me ryan
SNOG, MARRY, AVOID? Niall Horan, Tom Parker and Justin Bieber
im just gonna miss being so close with everyone ): my whole grades like family
Republicans are the worst back seat drivers and armchair quarterbacks. They always drive our country backwards and call the wrong plays.
Ha! I see what you did there! : #HomicideCops are not #Superstitious.... Just Stitious”
Props to MY BROTHER for getting signed to THE ROC!!
I wish I had the chance to crack the book before they began casting roles for the film. Although it does sound intriguing.
I may just try to sneak into the 's networking event tonight without paying. That seems like a great conversation starter.
“: I'm excited to see some new material soon :)” // soon and very soon!
Just me and you
please open the Q and have a celebration of the life of #JuniorSeau Sunday or Monday night for his fans.
He's such a good creeper. If the guys do anything that we don't know about, he'll find out
I agree with if manning is healthy and in good shape he would make any team a super bowl contender
still don't see ur red mustache here
Anyone els think last night was scary no power :( thank god we have power now :)
“A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.” – John Steinbeck
I asked Nee Nee if I could take her out and she said no, I've been working hard enough so she is taking me out!! I LOVE My Sisssy!!! :D
He's already on final approach in Charlotte. RT": For what? RT staying in Cali tonight?"
ive been good , just been writing and get ready to record these songs . sorry im all late replying . .
Vanier Park, 1100 Chestnut Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada
Peace lily presented to City Council re: peace resolution
I am honored to have following me.
Hi twitter. I've been missing you!
But I can't seem to stress this enough to myself...
LIKE this status if you've seen Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows. What did you think?
Plan on a US trip anytime soon? keep me posted!
nice....keep it up sschneebeck
Neverr trust a girl that says yolo
school school and school
The best part about being 21 is that even then you don't HAVE to do those things.
Am at a hippy concert in Grand Prairie,TX wishing I were Lisa Lampanelli's date
When is Sam gonna stop being a bitch and unblock me.
only change I would make to that movie is to have Kimble tell that story to the kids at nap time.
#idol Ok, so no one is really talking about that rude comment that Hollie made to Colton when Jessica's vote off was revealed... tacky!
Is it just a game i dont know..
I wanna pet piggy
hm sounds sneaky!
She emailed to say our papers were graded & in our boxes. I wish she would have emailed the grades.
I've been waiting for #AfterLaughter forever. I can hardly wait. : )
Great wifv dc boot camp today at Discovery!
I only got a 7. Must aspire to more snark.
I have entered weirdsgiving. Finally.
Looks like the BGC is going to start playing in the Blacklight sandbox!
Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort. Full effort is full victory. - Mahatma Gandhi
Maybe my last tweet !!!! Maybe
People are not what they say, they are what they do
Chick-Fil-A for dinner! #score 🐔
Any time guys, always a pleasure. Have a great weekend. RT Thanks & for joining today on !
Thank you! So are we!
Haha, you're the best.
I'm with *holds up her glass*
Expired toppings? Did they not just open?
When Im on modcloth I put twenty things in my basket chuckle then tear up and hit the X
Merry Christmas to all, and may God Bless you.
I proclaim his WORD! Everything has changed 4 ME!
While Metallica has been covered briefly for "Oh Yeah/Oh No!", I think they may be worthy of a lengthy discussion.
Galveston was fun.
I be thinking too much
Coming Monday! RT Excited to take on as editor of vox, be ready for a future of who stole the Cheetos from the vending machine.
Hey wat u think about a scrolling digital social media trinitron type of scoreboard #Wrigley ?
Unable to reply via DM without a follow, love.
U2 - Magnificent - 06:24 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Nevermind my day just FAILED -.-
Good, then the Cubs' goal was achieved RT : #Cubs signing Mike MacDougal to a minor league deal makes me feel so much better
Live To Give Week 4 - Buy A Stranger Something at Random - www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian Zim.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Your generosity knows no bounds.
Seriously. I HATE attack campaigns. They all suck!
Tickets are sold out for the Julie Andrews event. For those that have their tickets, we look forward to seeing you!
Happiness is real-life Choose Your Own Adventure! Check out and find delight in exploring new places!
As many others have stated, Obama is probably "evolving" on equality today because if not, the interview would be pointless. Makes sense.
hey dan bob lew here congrats on award
sorry to hear about your resident. it is always hard. hope your week gets better.
blogging. if i can remember how.
come down here bro and let's get it. I'm always on it
This is not the love that it should be. But I know it can be.
tbh that illuminati video made me wanna watch The Edge Of Glory
Help cover the Iranian bloggers. Change your Twitter settings : location to Tehran, time zone to GMT +3.30.
today's lunch...conv ctr? Time?
At the show. Yay. :/ lol When can this be done?
Right. Down-play, down-play, down-play.
It's a full house and we've been looking for 45 minutes for a seat and it's useless. No one will help.
WHEN EVER SOMEONE SMILES @ U. DNT TAKE IT WEIRD. EXCEPT IT, AND TREASURE IT.
Good thing my date is 6ft *-*
Who offers organic veggie delivery in Albany ?
The Unicorn Slayer is killing with the # 1 spot on #CC250 !!!! Thank you
Always thinking of the future, never thinking of the past.
Portland Trail Blazers and Providence Health & Services join the Save Portland PE Coalition! saveportlandpe#
god damn it i didnt tag you
As a non-profit theatre rep I have a bit of techno-lust after some of these awesome tools that are financially out of my reach.
What rumor? Your link didn't work.
Breaking News: The Round Table Pizza on Geary has a new Mazda 3 as their delivery car.
At the hospital:(
E-Business and Commerce,Multicultural Issues in International Business..
been eating choc
yeah, good follow. Almost every tweet is about how great his book is though. But I think it worked cause I want it.
Definitely didn't need the jacket today! I don't know what to wear any more. Wardrobe!
Selena Gomez Rocks NY State Fair — and a Very Special Bracelet (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
well you should sign off the chat!
Special thanks to and the entire #ADPR4300 class. My heart was warmer than a by the time we finished.
me too!
holla at me when u got dat deposit! Lol
It's you, you're weird. :)
Great catch!
Im in love with your personality and smile. Is that to weird? xD
#shoutout to the lady in the speedway buying a 40oz of Cobra at 9am.
AMNESIA (noun): A condition that enables women who have gone through the torture of childbirth to have unprotected sex again.
Very Super COOL. Check out our tweets most with our musical vision attached, We Call it POP JAZZ New Sounds, TRB
that's awesome we just added maps to the emails.
The realization that paddling season starts in January. NIce!
About time, I thought you deserved one for Control Alt Del. I really thought you were banging that computer, you were that great.
already on it homie
Cleveland is not making a good first impression on me. The airport anyway.
The moon is so pretty tonight!
hey u officially moving to NYC ???
So glad we finally met IRL! Too bad is in DC though!
Mens best successes come after their disappointments.
lmao I guess it's never to early to sleep. :p are you waiting for something ?
Open Room Change Period Starts Today!!!!
The clinic that #sportingkc is putting on right now is taking the pain away from this #royals losing streak
you as well!
I really aint trying to drive to franklin then back to smyrna for these banquets!
after reading that article on Animaniacs, I now have that theme song running through my head.
Nice job hangin' in there! What time do you tee off tomorrow?
I was getting really jealouse./;
there are some companies that already offer that but they're lame. An exchange and sharepoint expert can set up the same thing
Shocked and dismayed to see how many ferrets need adoption. People should research before ggeting a pet. Ferrets aren't as cuddly.
Thanks for making contact! Perfect timing!!!
awesome, keep up the great work man!
dang, I hate school!
I personally think Atlanta dont know if they want to be a power running team or a high scoring vertical team with their Jones/White tandem
Idk why it happens but sometimes i feel Disconnect.
#The Engineer for God
Have a bachelorette party to figure out by tomorrow night. This is gonna be a difficult task seeing as I cant plan what to do normally.
CAN'T WAIT!!!
I am at the pool at the Mirage right now waiting for !! This freaking amazing and so r these stiff raspberry lemonades!!! 
RIP Mike Jones good thing it's February cuz that niggas history
"Life is not about people who act true to your face. It is about people who remain true behind your back! #TRUTH! :)"
Who doesn't fucking love cookie dough?
this is all about to get serious. jk . were only in jr. high.
what's up cutie
what does the son do for a living?
Happy Friday everyone :) enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend!
I'm in a bit of a pickle- whats you number missy? I need your help! :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I feel like slam-dunking in the middle office right now.
Only hoes and sluts use the phrase Y.O.L.O.... Smh... Just cuz u live once dnt mean sh*t so stop!
G2g follow me (I follow back)
you are the greatest.
Today was a lazy day. Now off to work!
If you interupt my story to correct a minor detail you can
Can I marry u drake????
It's a major award.
It was our pleasure!
Went straight from work to Monona Terrace...
I can do this...I am qualified...I'm eager to learn and make my mark...PLEASE hire me. Fingers, toes, legs and arms - all crossed...
And tomorrow we'll go back to bein friends
I wanna f*ck you like an animal. I wanna feel you from the inside.
not yet, still waiting on paperwork to process. but hopefully november? maybe october if i'm lucky.
Record store day. It's magical like unicorns.
A bus ride isn't a bus ride unless there's someone drinking a bottle of wine and talking to him/herself
Ha! This made me snort...
Good Morning... Happy Saturday
I spent 30 minutes doing Wii Sports. 112 calories burned.
Kinda wish my boyfriend wasn't high most of the time :/
She is married w kids now
thanks for sharing, Mick, and thanks for "writing," Aaron. Take the quotation marks as a compliment, please.
Today's Openhack with guest Erik Spangler is canceled due to
The awkward moment when you think it’s raining outside you run to go tell your family only to find out the sprinkler hit your window
I'm good... Voxer me later
laying out today at rachels then work at 3.
u r such a hater G.
Happy Friday gals! Another RA-related post on the way
thats our cousin Jeff...
Sometimes no matter how many prayers we pray or how many tears we shed or how many hearts get broken
Note on Michael Whitmore's talk: engaging but impossible (for me at least) to reduce to tweets.
www.twistaid.com/news !
Content, container, and concept of libraries.
girl we are twins!!! Hahahaha mental twins 👯
There's always that one hair that thinks its cute to stand up..
I was born to make mistakes, and I'll die with all of my lessons learned. . .
Thank you for the RT! Have a great day!
youre missing out on a pizza party!
Asst Prof Elaine Yuan's work on "Community in Modern Societies:A culturalist critique of ‘online community’ in new media studies" at ICA 11
Im the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. Genesis 1:1 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen Revelation 22:21
Justin beiber and iconic boys!?!?
LOL! RT : MC Hammer just "liked" one of my pictures on Instagram! 😱
Please positive minded people unite!
It's a conservation risk assessment report - making recommendations on policies, etc.
hey , so tomorrow i have a basketball game , I promise to make a shot for you if you wish me luck ? :)
yeah it is xD
Today went rly well:) I'm so happy u and I are best friends again<3
had your dad on Wake Up Wisconsin prior to your senior day. Biggest hands I've ever seen.
Just saw the biggest frog/toad of life o.o
Checking out Film Socalisme tonight can't wait for Godard's new provocations...
keep digging! lots of games left.
seems i am the last speaker before drinks next week. works for me.
Someone had to teach them prim n propers what not to do;)
Full day: Meals on Wheels; meeting contractor at house in escrow; picking up a commission check; writing counter offer; prop searches :)
": your wrong Son in Spanish ------> #EstosHuevos with an H ok" I know, but add a j and its H
No Sponsoring Required Yet You Can Get Paid Residual Income... www.YourTimeToAct.com
A Happiest Birthday to my Crush !!! Hope your day is Amazing ;-) xo
that was really amazin.i no how you feel.
"It's not Jesus, it's Marni!"
Extra innings are destroy my sleep schedule. Rangers are gonna mess it up tomorrow.
Jose is on it! RT : #McCarverism RT : home runs should not count if you lose and count doble if you win
Basically, it's a subcontinental version of a "Not Adam and Steve" argument.
Actually, being married is like eating your favorite food everyday, after a couple days your like like, fuck this lasagna, I want a taco!!
We've started our Capitol Improvement Fund debate: $21,900 to spend! Exec. Board will meet Wed. to narrow the list to 10!
My MISS ZIBA GIRL 2009 celebration is tonight at 7pm in Glendale
Retweet- if you wanna be in my bio .
#RIT grad presents as part of
EXACTLY.. OMGOMG cos i did a bunch of cleaning and shit today and my dad was happy and he wasnt pissed when he found out :D
Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago.
Well the house is rocking!!! We have food, fun and entertainment tonight!
dude ur missing the whole point. It's just my opinion cuz I watched him as a kid then he feed everyone the bs he did
RT Great day at #ABQ Botanic Gardens. Drop by to celebrate National Public Gardens Day!!!
Stop in tonight to watch the #Packers #MNF game! We got $2 tall boys all night! Also, RT this for a chance to win free dinner tonight!
Yeah! I'll dig those pics up for you along with my Beastie Boys photos. Weren't you there with me in the pit for that?
Orioles join Joe Saunders in abrupt return trips to Earth.
Chatroulette is scary. Pedophile paridise. I guess if you want to get flashed it's a great place to be.
I thought they were having opps 4 fans (non-subs) 2? I hope so! Will try like crazy 2 win :)
Good morning,Mr Ary,teachers and friends. Heheh
look at the windows
I've been craving a sandwich all week. I am re-structuring all my meals so I can have one for dinner. has certainly taken over
emailed my g, she said some weird stuff but all in all cool with it, just wants me to go home for Christmas.
#rulesoftwitter don't hash tag everytime u tweet I hate that
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do. Roy L. Smith
8:21. Just arrived at Spence Farm. The sun is a shining and the winds a blowing!!!
Heat got blowed out.
dc #nonprofit lawyers: looking for a great summer law student intern? i have a few good ones! DM me if you are interested.
Looking to help all with your ac repairs or questions. Please follow
Paul George just made wade or lebron look bad
I do this for the luv of music, I make no doe, so I have no reason to bullshyt anybody
Wow Jenelle was dumb for taking Kieffer back only to have him break up w/ her #fail & Adam is so disrespectful to Chelsea
Up and ready for a fun day at the job.. but first, gotta hit the shops!
yes.. what ya need?
Gonna have to go with Bell Boy. Keith on lead vocals (for a good part of the song, anyway) = awesome
#LRT I remember it used to get me hyped before games on JV lol
Hahaha. Yeah, except he isn't wearing clothes...
oh haha I see damn lol and yea maybe I'll get a hold of her tomorrow
Wait, you're allowed to DH for anyone?
I'm skinny on the inside
A rash of burglaries in Central Austin...APD is urging everyone to lock their doors.
What a bitch.
Weeden, McCoy, Wallace, Brown, Thomas... Who's the odd man out in Cleveland?
Plot points of a somewhat entertaining movie missed because of
I love Janet's blog!
YAY! It's going to be a blast! :)
RT : We are a family place, a great date spot BUT you haven't been @ the bar yet...there are singles here ; )
"The deeper you go, the deeper it goes." Jordan Weisman, on "The Beast" ARG.
needs your help! Send an email to all Senate & House leaders in Tally with your support of #HB99 & #SB202! We need your help!
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the stonebags - Kanye West<3
The smartest name in the industry. CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness...
Performance at a high school with dim lights trying to juggle hahaha........
Naomi from the country of Moab. 7She said, ‘Please let me glean and gather among the sheaves behind the reapers.’ She has been #Torah 32
John Mayer just took the stage to play background guitar for Buddy Guy at GRAMMYs on the Hill . Amazing cool,
Oh.my.gosh.Becky.look at her butt. XD i love that part
Some times, your thoughts are the last things you want to think
“: Tweets will b unlocked promptly at 12 tonight until Monday morn” stfu -.-
Rock on ladies!
Watching John King fondle my home state #Ohio on the screen is awkward.
you are amazing.
Emo girls are hot!
I am so, so sleepy. But it was all worth it.
Robbie Cano don't you know!!!
lol this was supposed to go to my twitter ....
Mixed up the 12 but focused on frosted (choc or stawberry) with sprinkles, boston cream, double chocolate, etc! :)
Just saw in today's Dharma Doodle that you were at 's talk at I was there as well! Amazing experience!
nice to "meet" you...
I dnt even like the UK....
me sam im lovely !! mega!!!
I want a smoothie...but it's too late to leave the house
Happy birthday stevie :)
I love your hairstyle... Jajaja
Here's a great article about the work being done in Weinland Park by the Weinland Park Collaborative which is made up of over 20...
yes. Cause the other ones are in the other bottle.
Had a dealer so excited about Gemeinhardt he signed up as an official Gemeinhardt dealer for the first time in all his years in the business
Yeah!:) Your a drummer?:)
...there's a big difference between afraid of commitment and not wanting to commit to the wrong one*
Watching football
My mom made French toast :') ah:D
It's going to be a long day.....
Me too! I am always amazed by decision makers in large organizations try to conduct efforts in a vacuum & that it will work.
"Be happy for others success because the reason they do it is for YOU! You're their strength, their inspiration, and their love."
oh yeah(;
So over it
Busy all day-your updates kept me in the know re what happened with the bill-THX!
lol thats your department not mine :p
E-Board nomination meeting. T minus 75 minutes! 6109 Anglin Drive, Forest Hill, TX, 76119
Gonna rock a little tonight...
San Francisco is such a beautiful place
Now she want a photo, you already know tho'
You should!
You're welcome! If the #ROC bug bites again, let us know what kind of #newdigs you're looking for. We'd love to help.
I'm @ the gym, need to get some jump shots up and some conditioning badly. I won't embarrass myself next week
Last day of school
a lioness memory is sharp as her bite and last like a missing limb...for-ev-er
I wouldn't want to put grip tape on it! Haha
True that
Gary Ross isn't going to be directing Catching Fire. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Any more info on who will be?
Morning Lovelies!!
Hi Ross! We're you able to read the email we sent you about yesterday? We can send it again if you need it!
OMG i used to do that so damn much when i was in 8th grade. idk why it was just 8th grade though thats the strange thing lol xD
My long awaited (ok, not that long but feels that way) order from Haiti has apparently made it to BWI.
Good Friday Morning! “Begin with the end in mind.” - Dr. Stephen Covey
Good morning gorgeous sunshine! It's midweek & the motivation, energy & momentum are knocking at the door to a whole new level. Let's Go!
but that's not the issue tonight. Wade is cold. Even if Bron wanted him to play 2nd fiddle he couldn't. lol
That's awesome!! Congrats!
are you friends with #wentworth?
Yay, glad we did you right! Be on the lookout for a followup email.
good morning Stan.
Interesting thought-those who are visually impaired cannot use e-readers. Something to keep in mind with digital textbooks
2 more days , I can do this.
Make a wish. Take a chance. Make a change.
Thank god for walmart and coinstar
Good luck to all the students finishing up their term papers & gearing up for finals. CONGRATS to those who will be graduating!
Well, I was gonna recommend that you work on your short game... But I think you oughta get drunk.
where at?
calling all unsigned rappers,producers,singers, & POTENTIAL models join our #Team via email your info "We GOT work!"
dating my ex again haha I actually did miss the little rascal :P
what it do bro
well it's 5 minutes till 1for me!!!
What is everyone's plans for Friday night?
RT : I really liked the 's today!!!! You picked good choices to put on the website, Frank Warren!
snow in october?
Omg I got to go to partycity to buy costumes for the girls..I can imagine the crowd!
Enjoy your lunch
O.O THEY DID!!!! EEEEWWWWW. GONA HAVE TO TALK TO THEM BOUT THIS STUFF THEN! I DONT GET IT
I need V.I.C. in Dayton, OH.
LAUGH OUT LOUD❤
as am i. Saints really didnt deserve to win with 5 turnover tho. Either way amazing game
rocked it @ UCLA, UNF, & Purdue! Inspire those to find the perfect #internship! Bring her to #campus to speak!
I think as a female.as your age increases.u should decrease dancing with your hands on your knees........
Does anyone else want a Nike fuelband but you're not really sure why?? There's gotta be some subliminal marketing being done.
Letters to juliet: LAME
Happy Easter to u too!
Done with examss!!!
People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. ~Author Unknown
SECO2010.com is now up and running! Check out the website to see preliminary event information.
- Thank you! =) Enjoy the game and don't forget, we're giving away Yankee tix and apparel on our FB: www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
The wildest thing about Tel Aviv is how many cats there are. They are everywhere - trees, roofs, through the markets, etc. It's hilarious!
No-bid contracts? MT : Gov. Scott: "Thanks to him, we implemented many positive changes to the way Florida does business."
Ugh....ok ok... Ill admit it... U pick da fine time:-) #secrettweet;-)
#BandsILove - Journey, AC/DC, Fleetwood Mac, The Eagles, Aerosmith, The Beatles <3
“: #MentionTo your friend who still listens to Jonas Brothers.” 😂😂😉😍
Someone nbox me!!:)
Really looking forward to This weekend!
Newcastle losing, so it's okay for arsenal, wouldn't mind hospur losing though
Steeler game anouncer Randy Cosgrove resigned. Who should be the next Heinz Field game anouncer voice ?? ?
Sometimes it is just the proper application of fire to ass in order to get what you desire.
thanks for stopping in!
I can't believe I didn't bring weed for or D:
I feel sorry for the 8th graders who are flying to DC. I mean sure flying is convenient, but let's be real, the bus was the best part!
Trust pretty fucked up !
CN: we've been in survival mode my whole career. We've been losing on defense. It can start with just a few people.
im extremly exited cause i love watxhing u act it gives me inspiration as well as te other cast members!
...geeking out on the special features. So good.
Why. Why do boys make the duckface in their pictures? 😂 its bad enough that girls do it.
Experience and maturity will come with time
Mr. Tambourine Man!!!!
Nice to see your coverage of racial sensitivity re: DeNiro extends to the Trayvon Martin case as well. Oh wait...
not a great song choice there's no melody and Joshua is just adding lots of melisma
plus I never seen u with kicks on anyway.
I already miss you, but you are where you need to be..
Opening day at Wrigley is always full of hope! :)
Damn she pulled my neck all the way back. Got my nose hurting.
hey nothin much just got off work n now spendin time with my family. I will try n see if it works. Ty hon.
if its enough to warrant even the slightest rain delay thou its over i think.
How did I end up in a session about designing *cool* fast food t shirts? Next!
I'm from the guernsey shore.
Quick rules: Questions for today’s chat go Q1, so respond to each question “A1" & don’t forget to add #indieview to each comment!
Spin class with Linny just kicked my butt. Her class is always the best though :)
will do Mike!! Pm me the e-mail!!!
We have jacuzzi suites avaialable and Romance Packages for the upcoming weekend.
your answers make me lol ie gpa and 1st job in 140 characters. see you on #Today tmrw !
Beverly Hills is where we are going to be.
well they betta let back in bro
thanks for telling the story. I really appreciate it. thanks for letting me know.
I have about 70 cappers posted so far today with FB into the weekend with a small consensus on the dog in tonights ESPN game
Vanilla cream Dr Pepper.
I hate school I mean seriously I only come here to see my friends! If it was up to me I'd only come like 3 days a week haha
Ahh, Finally home!! Can't wait to open presents Christmas morning... Wait! What am I talking about... It's not even Christmas Eve.):
can't find a single connection between #AtlantaNewYork but hello from Atlanta.
Wait- what happened with iCarly??
doing some crazy tumbling tonight and working on the balance beam. It's been 6 years since I've done a front flip on the beam!
“: You ain't shit if you didn't have AOL when they were by the minute!!!” he'll yeah they u to bombard ya mailbox with dem cds
Be glad you missed #1940census yesterday. It was not working well for the genealogy community. Sounds better today.
- Congrats on the nice profile in the RBJ this week. Great to hear about good stuff happening in
only 3 more days of French. and I'm done(:
they shouldn't leave their houses wide open like that hahahaha
Building sets today. Holy smoly! Lots to do, but my friend Jim who worked on Lost is going to help on Monday. Yes!
seriously wtf is wrong with people i swear they get off on making fun of others
Mitsubishi eclipse(:
cant wait to see
Remember kids: "U shudent put ur number on twiter"
thanks for the follow - love to hear more about your services for
Yay!!! RT : You guys, one week until Mad Men.
All right, and I are watching the Lakers game so no spoiling HIMYM for me!
self-employed...three times over lol.
Thanks for recommending WeSeed to learn about the stock market! Did you know you can also post trades directly to Twitter?
I wish i had someone to talk to
Please vote for my organization in the Chase American Giving Awards competition! vote.globalkids.org
And so the Super Bowl commercials begin...
Thx to reader Pierre Menard for that last one!
RT": If it ain't #white...it ain't #Right"
hiya Diana...can you Pleeeeeeeeeeasssseeeeeeee give us some news on your album release date...OR, tell us WHY you can't give
Anyone get affected by the tornado??
Who's ready for the Hilltoppers tomorrow?!
Every Phil's Friends care package comes with spiritual, personal care, and soothing items to bring hope to those going through cancer.
7-Eleven If you love you some glazed donuts, you’ll love some glazed donut holes! Now on sale! why on Earth didn’t we think this earlier?
You're right; it's a big change in mission of fyc and assumptions about what is taught when. So the idea is radical & wise.
Do more talk less #weedropweerock!!!
Our #tribe was inspired by the #Movember movement. Check out our latest #blog post: builtforman.com
yeah and dont be sad ik how you feel. now its time to hit up the good old malls lol
Don't miss your chance to win! Whoever gets the celebrity with the most followers to Tweet about us wins the "Red Neck Care Package"!!
#qrcodes are everywhere this #holiday #season! they have increase in awareness by 3000% from 2010, wait to see how we use them
let's do a shot of cabo wabo and wrestle!.
great session on retaining talent from and at
Brain swelling virus?!?!
See what Adam Jones does this year. Then if you want to sign him, sign him. If not, trade him. What's the issue?
it's all about them giants!
lol we miss your sarcasm and your funny random remarks!
Nice presentation and on building your personal brand- favorite quote: "content is queen...consistency is king"
I liked what I saw against the #knicks, he has definitely been hot
you and me both, you and me both :/
Hope all is well and look forward to our next spirited debate! We miss having you in studio but hope youre enjoying the road
Straight out the fryin pan right into the Pilot's Flame, think I might try again, maybe cuz I like the Pain
Congratulation to 's very own on his new bundle of joy! We all wish you and your family the very best!
Well, don't tell US. Tell HER!
Get the bill passed now or resign!!
I'll bring the spray paint and helmets. RT : You make a good point.
My rock band, is playing in New York, Friday, April 6. We are releasing our first CD!
good stuff - ya we were at SXSW it was unreal! great people and great fun -actually still hangin out for the music portion
That's so true and wanna put they nasty finger in ur mouth #negativeRT : i just wanna f.ck don't kiss me.
I would love to hit up the ridge if I didn't have class
Time to start a revolution!! www.allgreenoilrefiner.com
I nominate Torres as man of the match! Lol
didn't see any fireworks, but movies on Carl's 60 or 70 something inch HD are AWESOME!
Casey Anthony is sentenced to 4 years and $4,000 in fines. WOW, what do you guys think?
Thank you!
I just hope Dani isn't lying to Jordan! The targets should be Brenchel anyway, takes out a HUGE threat and still leaves one in the game too!
oh - How trendy lookin! :)
muslim beliefs
Dear girl in #MMUG with your full belly showing. This is not your house have some decency.
WHAT?! You me E apt shop, we back Tues. aight x
Wow, Donald! That's Why You Didn't Text Me Yesterday You Were Being Nasty.
That boy with glasses? He has feelings. That girl with acne? She has feelings. Feelings are fragile and its not "cool" to bully &; hurt them
Instagram is "interesting" but $1B worth of interesting?
Come on Brew crew. I want to go to bed dammit.
It's getting a little cloudier here in Kenosha, but so far no storms! I'm here talking about Rep Paul Ryan. Should he run for VP?
off topic but nice septum :)
:) RT : So cool to drive home late after epic good news day & see purple billboards on Biz80. Thx
goodgood. And I'm fine :) missed me? Hahaa
We have no plans of selling it. Your memories are safe with us!
The UN chief has said he is alarmed by escalating violence in Syria - and warned the country's president to stop.
Omg yay ! jessica
I'm starting to realize that every thing pretty aint good for me. Cuz I B High. Where the pretty girls at?
I know! lol
That boy bones socked ole boy up!!
that would be great!
i like where my life is going.. the people i'm hanging out with now are making me better
would you like to explain what that has to do with me?
follow back please
You were right about Galen Rupp...he did go to Central Catholic HS. Joe was mistaken. :)
Serious??!! Live game every time!! (TiVo Sunday)
Many leaving on a march now
I work for CommVault now.
and on new follower day, too! sorry new guys! #ugly,
Yea but I'm 2 legit 2 quit so I keep trying Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
a local group they were pretty dope would have been better if the crowd wasn't so irritated but they held it
LOL. Not after last night. Elise committed Idol Suicide by singing Jimi Hendrix.
check out my NEW WORK section at WWW.RLIMAGING.COM more updates to come soon...
Nate dogg the best that ever did it!
5th Avenue? Wow
Things that rhyme with orange.
don't mind that pick at all. Happy trails Dixon!
Join me for this event: ASIS-NCC Annual Scholarship Night
Tomorrow's headline: Tebownian Sect claims date of rapture was miscalculated. Again.
Singer-songwriter Josh Ritter @ Politics & Prose Thursday (7pm) to sign copies of his book "Bright's Passage"
Thank you!
tf? Who throws a closed can away
