thanks Tina! we just got down show! On the hunt lol
Daredevil task of the day: trying to squeeze vehicle registration between 2 conference calls...
Every relationship is different so don't compare your last one to the new one.
Either this train smells like grass clippings or someone is wearing the new perfume Freshly Mowed Lawn
tamw someone’s talking to you, but their boobs are so damn big it’s hard for you to even look at their face." hahahaha
Thanks, Denise Linden (IAIP) & Mona Warren (Enterprise Rent-a-Car) for a terrific seminar in St. Pete. Not a bad place to work on Saturday!
Thanks for your insights last night!
Thanks Jac, much appreciated. Loved reading your write-up as well, I will be musing on some of your points soon, great stuff!
I calculated. I will be doing 3 hours of homework tonight.
Who thinks we should post some lyrics from one of our own songs? :3
MT : Teacher and Admin Effectiveness data on NC School Report Cards (linked from each Report Card) will be released Jan. 20.
that's kind of harsh
Lisa's () comes bearing gifts 4 attendees!
benji u was d one dat tweeted him dat i was fake y?
that is so true!!! we will need to see eachother again very soon! :)
I sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent and now he'll never have any friends
fuck yes I'm gonna put my time into helping you. You're my closest friend. waste my time? I would never say waste.
great news for Andrew Boqut. wont need ankle surgery. all is healing well
You make mistakes in life, you learn from them and then you move on
you are an amazing dancer You got style and swagg you prove everyone else wrong Bro your a star Remember Y.O.L.O
An HOUR at just to sign up for Gamer Club Unlocked. An HOUR just to get an extra $6 on a trade. HARDLY worth it.
Graduating from college has got to be one of the best feelings and accomplishments ever.
Omg there were no trick-or-treaters over here so I still got candy :)!
Thanks for the Littlefair interview. Hope its just not a platform for him to dump another block of stock!
Sorry I haven't been on lately. I've been getting sick monthly for some reason. Might have to go to the hospital.
Fool me once, I don't care. Fool me twice, joke's on you, I still don't give a fxck.
Aramis with a meaningless rbi double. Couldnt do that when you had bases loaded? Crew down 4-2. (Aram Overrated)
You certainly fought a good fight.
GREAT choice. :)
Zoe deschanel holding court at Bloomberg party
Man I heard you're definitely the person to know in the music biz.
I know, sorry to have to ditch out on date night. I'm sure the other movie goers would not appreciate my whooping cough though.
I keep getting messages telling me to follow someone when I already am following them.
hey thanks for the follow! have you checked out our music yet?!
Bless you and all your tribe!
Just because I absolutely hate the Lakers I want OKC to win and because my baby daddy plays for them doesnt like that hah.
You can love me more in a moment than other lovers could in a lifetime.
oops. guess we should've made that clear.
i'm havin fun!
because you like to sleep in
Thanks! RT Jacob , Producer, celebrating his bday on-set at the #WinterMeetings in Orlando.
I don't really have any pics to put up. I deleted everything but my art and deleted all my art from online.
Hey , Send me to the #NFLDraft "
#chicagocubs when you buy a handyman special don't expect your neighbors 2pay4 the renovation. You own the house now fix it
Follow me please
Anything in particular that you like? Do you think he will be more of a project or do you expect him to contribute right away?
Hello Lovely Ladies of Synchronized Rhythm!! We're overdue on working together on a show for me in NYC!!!
RT : Help #ABQ Homeless! donated clothing, shoes & couches that will be on sale 's store today!
Hey Kelsye thanks for follow, there are a few Seattleites on here.
KNUCK IF YOU BUCK.
Keisha what's so great about this morning is that you are a live and in America www.osirisjames.wordpress.com
Flat top would fit right in in Pippa Passas
So far my #tek11 flight from yesterday that was rescheduled for today is still a go and on time. Hope it stays that way.
Aww man. I wish I was there. The beach is nice but you would be the prize ;)
that's ok. See you at the next #artsmgtchat!
I think they will fix the copyright issue, if they are smart they will.
I will remember that when you put me in the wall
Dearest Brett Favre: Shut the hell up. Forever. Kthnxbye,
I AM ANGRY TWITTER
First day of class
That moment at the gas station when it let's you pump more gas than you even thought your tank HELD... o.O
Stomach hurts. Ugh :(
Bummed to miss at Latin School tonite, He'll be ready for kids tomorrow.
Idgaf. You. Veronica. I don't care.
I can't wait for 's drunk tweets tonight.
sounds good see u then.
Hey H. I was wondering if you ever came up with any name ideas for my non-profit? I still have writers block.
always do!
Thanks for the RT!
*for an alternative
Im feeling really sad...
lolzz that's never gonna happen!! But forreal doe😉
We will never progress as long as people never care. So care.
an exam notice not posted on line, concern about a change of exam
mitr u follow back
Cody got AMAZING flight service. We know what that means! ;)
Sure why not....
It wasn't that black & white. Wes knocked over my hot-pocket during lunch & forgot a 6-pack of Tequizas for my xmas party.
Bravo! Just read your bio. I salute your passion/energy and idealism grounded in spirituality.
Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting - The Newark Advocate Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting The N
i can hear my dog barking from down the street.. #sorry to the annoyed neighbors
Wow- the LA Banks auction raised a little over $26,000! There's another auction coming up by , so look for it!
This book seriously has me on edge...I can be such a girl sometimes :P
Just saying hello...
muah! Miss you too! Hope FL is treating u well;)
Live piano entertainment starts in 1 hour! Come join the action.
Now playing: Big K.R.I.T. - Rotation
I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer but I'm a damn good screw.
I may disagree with outcome, but won't proclaim moral superiority over more than a million voters. But you go right ahead
The show fuckin' rocked tonight! Thanks for everyone that came and saw us play! Stay tuned for the next 4 shows!
Yeah with those pants around those ankles!
of course Joe-Joe! And I won't even make you go pants shopping with me LOL Miss you buddy!
Nice work on the photo contest!
Dom, you were great! Would love to have you more! RT : Maybe I'm bad luck....
We thought wrong RT : I thought the #Knicks had the #Heat in the 1st round not the NBA refs!!
Awww i missed a shout out to my fave soprano/alto! My she has 2 degrees! Catch it! Congrats!!!!!!!!
Tweet #1 restores necessary sanity for thesis chapter #1 to become a reality.
Oh Rick Perry, you had all the traits of a great vice president. Aloof, misinformed and at best a tenuous grasp of the English language.
Glee again. Mhm.
Needs to be 12.30 already
25 days til club sodas at Burns Alley 25 days til #chs The Elephant in My Closet May 25-June 10th
Looking for a Local SEO rockstar! If you have demonstrable skills, references, and a provable track record, DM
Just remembered Micro Machines existed.
ever miss sex with someone you hate !!!???
one word. #beats lmao
I guess I could try that they have some pretty empty rooms Just need to be extra careful about her occasional floor licking Thx
This session deals with the anatomy of Veteran Affairs, which has 314,000 paid employees, Galloucis said.
Godbless Andrew! I see the fight now in you. I am sure he is proud. The new site/s look great.
SURF Report: Pacific Beach 2-3 ft + thigh to chest high POOR CONDITIONS Stormy and sloppy...
hmm my brilliant thang to say to the World...just has not surfaced yet...but it's coming, I can feel it!
Working on a stunning new jacket for my collection!
Writing retreat = awesome. And wine. Lots of wine.
your product on your site amazing, you have 6,700 tweet 538 followers and you don't follow everyone who follows you?
get some rest
Oh sheet RT : People will heat anything up in the school microwave for fun, even an empty Doritos bag
While happily holding wife's shopping bags, I'm thinking on what I saw at Badger practice today...
If you ever run into a cop with a face tattoo, that means there is a dead cop in the woods somewhere.
No problem, just got my ticket. Hopefully we'll have a lead in the series at that point.
#shamrickShake hell yea!
Woah there.. Almost had a heartattack because I thought tweeted me... My bad..
Haha:) RT My brain is a jerk for getting that "Friday" song stuck in it. Damn you, ears!!!!
TODAY from 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Chicago-area Jimmy John's locations will be offering 8-inch sandwiches for $1!! (They're usually $5.)
The week of water has begun in Arizona. It's raining!
Congratulations to the winner of our June/July Facebook contest: Jackie Case from Wake Technical College!
Fuck saturday school ..
ill share a room with yurr hot cuzin
Didn't sleep all night. Been watching planet green channel tho. I love this. It's addicting!
If you interviewed on January 4, 9 or 11, 2012, you will receive an admission decision on your status page by Friday, January 20, 2012!!!
. or just too much talk...
Life is too fast. fast food. speed dating. fast money. fast cars.look in the mirror slow down recollect and appriciate the small things
Ik its 3am but I'm about to take a hot Azz bath >>>>
Thanks for the info
YES, but LMK . Glad you will celebrate with us!
Thanks! yeah, we love 'em too!
Grand Opening Tomorrow! 1pm to 5pm! Refreshments will be served - come and check out our new store! 803 S 5th St - Milwaukee
Someone come sit with me at the library so I don't look like a huge idiot
no prob. I can send you more stuff when I'm home.
but the doc teaches us that "Elmo is pure love"
#Burger Going German w/ a chicken schnitzel burger topped with braised red cabbage and onions and a paprika sauce.
(c) came to queens which is 4 hours away from nyc -.-
Seems weird to wait to find out. Get it they're coming home soon, but I would want to start planning right now.
Let's move this town away from here and into Oregon
Love your site!! So awesome! :)
I did see it and meant to just tweet it! Fuck it! Enjoy the head lls!
i mean we can go to cash for change? lol
word of the day: Dictate. You can use it in a sentence like "My girfriend says my dictate good"
He did take one great photo :) Thanks so much Todd!! <3
Each day give something good to others... Buy a meaningful art piece.
Bageltown deli before school :)
I'm pooping
Another day of weeding, this time the front lawn. 440mg of naproxen sodium and a shower are helping me recover from this horrid chore!
HoB is CRAZY.
you're wicked good
..End of summer specials. Sandwich & soup. $5. Also introducing Traveling Chef for all offices, factory, Docs office. Call
finishing my essay for English. I wrote it about you! :)
Have promised myself fried pickles and beer if I can get some good writing done today. So far, it seems to be working.
Class cancelled..... Party in the library woot
Today when you buy any Burger,Dog or Wing recive a FREE medium Drink
lmao!! I get da alotRT I thought was Wayne for a second,then I clicked on his avi n said "oh well nevermind"
Having way too much to do, and not nearly enough time to do it all. <
Interviews make me happy.
but when does your book come out?
Wind turbines are heading to Madison and Tipton counties. We're with the folks at E.ON - tonight.
I'm at Shamrock Marina
oh that's awesome! where are you guys from?
i think she just grade too hard. honestly. i should have got the same teacher i had last semester.
"gov't should support private sector" Pst. When Romney says private sector he means rich
The Vatic Project: Well, well, the Bilderbergs are coming to see the ...
...its a different story.
Haha, I probably do but I'm not sure.
haha, so true! But this made me feel like a kid again lol
we are playing with a vegan recipe, maybe this summer!
Happy Mothers Days to all the the mothers out here!
lol...na, its a track by Gucci...
Tune in to the latest for more on and data sharing in science (17:58 mark). bit.ly/xIL4oj
Hello! Long time no see. Hope the holidays treated you well. :)
No more truth. Bells ring no more in me. I am all alone singly. Lonely rests my head. O my God! I am dead. - Jose Garcia Villa
Morning All...
Lou and Jrue are killing them right now!!
Seesmic Web is fabulous - tweet and update facebook/foursquare all in one place from multiple accounts!!
BLACK FRIDAY shop from your PS homepage in the shopping area and get paid to shop!
Power of social media, I have 7 connections LinkedIn w/ yesterday's JetBlue pilot.
Last chance for lunch at Wet Stone this week. Come by at 11:00am, or call ahead to place your order for pick-up 619.255.2856. Happy Friday!
Sorry Teach, there are only 194 Starbucks in NYC-not 1,000
My hair idol, Kate Beckinsale, seriously does NOT age. No idea why she is at the Grammy's though!
No matter how busy I am at work I'm never to busy to complain about how busy I am at work.
forgot we are outside at gellar tonight, our game is at 830.
Great! Lets set it up offline, please email us at your availability:)
Get ur hands off me lol
i would, but i can't
alrighty. Adonis it is...from Rancho Cucamonga right?
well im tired of hearing about it....just so it already ;)
My illinois license plates have been taken off the honda and replaced with ugly NY ones..this is a sad sad day now..
Laker bandwagon riders are the most thankless, fickle group in sports. Remember Magic retired & Sedale Threatt was PG. Forum was 1/2 full.
Never said anything about hard work, but I know what you're saying. Cheers!
Bloomberg: Cantor Fitzgerald’s Bid to Become Global Powerhouse of Sports Betting, Online Poker
Someone randomly sending you a relationship request on Facebook... Hahahahah wtf.
hope u feel better my cuzin's and I r praying for u....love ya eenie meenie
"Take my jar of hearts & smash it to the ground"
Looks Good - Merry Christmas ...
of course! I was having a rough morning and seeing you in distress gave me an opportunity to help someone else =)
of course! It looked like it needed some sponsorship :P
lucky woman
RT : It always rains the hardest, on the people who deserve the sun.
yeah it was lots of notes haha
Birds of a feather shoot guns together
you just kind of made my day. <3
RT : Obama to car companies: "you can’t just make money on SUVs." Wonder which part upsets him more - making SUVs or money?
what do you think of Votto's deal? Surprised the Reds were willing to spend that much?
From what I understand, it looks like its snowing at Turner Field in Atlanta in June? Something's wrong with this picture
thats a rendition of cap :)
Is there a link to the survey results? Thanks.
Fair Enough. Enjoy.
I shopped around for insurance, got literally 10 different quotes. My first original quote was $180...ended up with
I know! I wanna see them live so bad. I MUST MEET GERARD WAY. its on my list of things to do before I die lol
an awesome project. So fun creating this.
How about a shout out for since she was on Idol, too??
NO DON'T HURT ME.
first vlog is now uploaded check it out
didn't look old there
Week drunk right now! !!
At its best :) RT": Censored porn : #Spartacus is having a crazy sex scene rite now #LoveIt"
Sure! How and when?
Anything by KRS One
We all need that one person in our lives who we can tell everything to. Otherwise life becomes so lonely & painful.
Hi back! I wasn't sure it was definitely you, but took a shot.
Love hearing from ! I always love their content. :)
TY RT: Some #FF love for people I want to be when I grow up.
Liverpool would be absolutely AMAZING! Help us grow a fanbase over there, so we can make that a reality!
Muy FRIO!!! Its 29 degrees today. Time to look for a new destination. Beaches, sunshine here I come.
How do you like your 'Message In A Bottle' necklace?
INVENTOR - PAT FORD*
very nice!
I guess. Pretty blonde. She was in the Jennifer Nettles band back then. Great girl.
Trent Dilfer is an eagle hater, You're the worst quarterback ever with a Super Bowl ring.
"Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses; I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hotline."
Don't let the harsh winter give you water damage! Winter roof inspection could save you from cold winter water damage!
Yep. We are in the triple digits. It's really scary.
Watch ten minute previews of four of our DVDs at www.child.tcu.edu/DVD sales.asp
Cont... You would mean the world to him and turn the sadness into happiness during this hard time. Thank you so much. <3
sorry man. I know how that can feel.
Know a student looking for an internship in Boston? We're looking for Campus Evangelist Interns! Check out our listing asap.
Mistreated, misplaced, misunderstood.
Bedouin/Egyptian bar brawl: Shut down the whole bar. Wild west style. Broken windows, blood, biting & fire extinguishers used as weapons.
Great interview on Ron and Fez!
Sorry folks but due to a little illness our return to SGRN is delayed. Tomorrow?
Thanks for Coming out to the show last night nikaas.\m/(•͡_ •͡ \m
Gotta ask: Who did the consulting on that boondoggle?
Christitution!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! O Glorious America. Lay her to sleep with Christ at her side & the Christitution as her guide lol
We love you, Amanda.
Recommend cool Tweeters in the Washington, DC area, and we'll probably follow them. But only if they're actually cool.
JUSTIN BIEBER .......mtv movie awards.......o ya
I'M HUNGRY I WANT COOKIES
that is gorgeous!!!!!!!! Have fun honey!
#car Your Questions About Buy Or Sell A Used Car
Improv audition later tonight, first time in this genre, sure it will be fun! Fit modeling gig for my girl later this week hopefully:)
True thing: is a "Mrs. Doubtfire" scholar. He is not ashamed of this.
#inmiddleschool silly bands.
like Cox too but I think they need to incorporate a run stuffer in there. Brockers is already good at that.
Shopping & lunch date with ♥
no problem! We got this :-)
#HeresToTheMahomies who kind of wish that 's follow button was blocked today because of how many "fans" will be following him!
There is unexpected beauty in the plains-->'My Antonia' captures much of it, but nothing like a dazzling sunset
Do you like ' budget proposal bailing out Portland schools? Details on #KGWNightTeam 11pm
Michael Lista, On Poetry: Assiniboia, by Tim Lilburn - National Post
So close to 100 followers!
Spending the night with my big brother to enjoy En Vogue at Motor City Casino Hotel Sound Board :-) I love my bro :-)
Thanks for following me! Del Voss
Hehe its funny how you have 64,595 followers .. but yet you follow 0 .. :D
mayb since d will is nout of utah sloan' ll come back.who knows
"Ugh. I think I'm gonna blow chunks" - hooker hired by a group of sumo wrestlers.
If the powers that be do quit just take the business over and run it we don't need them anyway.We're called socialist by them anyway.
hey my man have a great weekend:-)
My registration of "baltimoreinteractive.org" is going to expire in a week. Anyone want it? I'm going to let it go, otherwise.
Revisiting old haunts: There's no place any place quite like this place so this must be the place TOMMY'S JOYNT Geary @ Van Ness
I did. Have a wonderful day!
“: Come on Sexual Chocolate! #WWE #HIAC”I agree
I like driving my own car
All right, Mr. President—we’re listening…
pray for me?
I accept him fully as a person and I love him as family but I hate him like family too.
crazy, right? Hope you can join us tmrw for PHAME showcase of special needs performers, 7 pm at Aladdin Theater!
downstairs patio @ ale house!
;)) RT : Who says nice ppl finish last? Nice ppl win b4 the race even starts.. Stay classy...Let ur CLASS begin
Hm pretty hyper right now :D
You are always welcome at ! Make your own sensory tour. I have a room awaiting VIP visitors such as yourself.
nice work!
#Oomf hugs me like she miss me and never want me to leave bt she too stubborn to actually say it.....come on now
I tried to wake up early today.
Shout out the muscular man blasting music in the black keep
Our Civil War exhibit opening April 16 reveals the the Civil War in Md as a tragedy in 3 acts; the romantic war, real war and long reunion
Happy Birthday Nate <3
Sea Weed = 1% Sea And 99% Weed. THAT EXPLAINS WHY SPONGEBOB & PATRICK ARE ALWAYS HIGH AND HAPPY!
my ex is such a dick -
Nice work Pickle!!
"Opportunities are seldom labeled." -John A. Shedd
I Wonder If That's A Bad Or Good Thing
the boys r pretty
to be honest - it's not that good. Very garlicky and meat is pre-shredded. But for $5 - good enough! I miss real Berliner food
Neck still sore-ugh! A night for listening to good music, have some bubbly, relax, enjoy someone special-maybe that's me-maybe not:)
One brand new coffee machine = One jittery Jessi
RT Diet and exercise officially start now... My goal weight: less than I've been this month
What did you think of on tonight? #SNL #LindsayLohan Which skit was your favorite?
OK CP get er done
Staring into the winter madness outside. No golf for me for a while.
Just as I predicted yesterday,another shitty day today ):
it was funny, lighten up.
He's adorable.
RT : APS Supt. Erroll Davis pledges all needs will be met for all APS students.
Heads Up! Holiday plans tonight? CALL FEE TO PROTECT YOUR BACK! RT : #DUI checkpoint scheduled for this weekend in KC.
it'll be epic !
OH MY GOD. Why would you say that!?
But you don't have to get them removed if they don't mess up your teeth.
Great post on 10 things you wish church should know about homosexualtiy
Stop the hate RT : the miami flops
Hi Daniel! When are you moving to Chicago? :)
#TwSIG Rob is teaching social media from an engagement tool. Students are engaged and often get going fast on the media. Many mentor clients
50% of college graduates are either unemployed or under employed. What's next?
Which future is that? I want to go to there.
you look so pretty:), I wish i wasn't sick for my prom :/ oh well lol
Life is too short to be sobbing.
RT Your Welcome! Your Husband is a very talented artist.
U havent seen his family pic tho lmaooRT : Twitter hates Dell's sweaters. Everybody must want him in knee length white tees.
“: Yep, I have to work though.. 😒” Sucks. Jordan tell u bout Saturday?
PRESHHHH!!! Love you too girl!
that curren$y and styles p mixtape is really good…. I wish it were longer
I'm so attached, it's driving me crazy.
Testosterone Festival is what it sounds like, sans stuff that sucks. Go right for the garage sale. Go left for the best fest ever.
Is it bad that I really hope that Kellie Parker is actually nice this season:)
I've been listening to 96 Tears on replay
What's the link for that cool poem that illustrates why we should teach students internet stuff and not lock everything down?.
And you don't have to listen to what I say, but it seems like you have alot of feelings for him. You only live once right!
169 'likes' on Facebook in the last week...
Good Morning To My Big Brother
#20FactsAboutMe my soon to be iPhone will have my twitter turnt up!
see ya tonight !
last i checked this isn't NC so.
I'd like the second verse to be the oyster cracker's retort.
How is your spring break going? Remember, NYIT opens again this Monday March 26...see you soon!
Missing the fam
Thanks but give YOUR landing page to really use the power of the Blastoff Network RT : Yo everybody check out blastoff network
I know. At least he went longer than 23 days from his last game. So once again he beats Bryant.
DAILY $1.01: LUNCH AT EAST INDIA GRILL ON N. LA BREA + 15% OFF YOUR TOTAL FOOD BILL. Can you resist this picture?...
Modeling conversations via interpretation can encourage visitors to engage in conversation.
1st period sucks without ! 😱
#You Thought i Was Crazyy Um... Do Youu See How Youu Acted (Grow Upp !!
Breaking! Codigo Cube #CodigoCube has been updated with 1758 new questions!!!! This makes a great
Just wondering when hotdog and hotdog bun makers are getting together to figure out when to start adding equal product to packages!!!
I agree. It was the best documentary I've seen. RT This bob marley doc is da best one yet. Coxxone was a G haha crazy!!
I'm really not trying to do this Spanish essay -__-
;P true hunter UTG 4X32 Extra Long Eye Relief TS Compact Scope with Airsoft Rings
word count is not all that helpful as a measure of progress, but -53 is unsatisfying. I feeling like writing 53 words!
we should do another tinychat on tuesday or something :)
Lame excuses breh, lame.. What is there won't b here 4 long..
Omg my friend Christine just got back from the Knicks game and vinny from the jersey shore was their lol :). I'm soo jelly
Hi there Steve. So sorry about that. May I have your email address so I can have e GM contact you?
And then I notices how pale I was.
The stock market will be VERY volatile this week. Expect 200 pt moves a couple times this week. Option trading experts.
yeahh youu should come here with me (:
RT We're excited to Sponsor the European Film Festival! Kick off party takes place at 7PM at Key Biscayne's Village Green on May 4.
Come on LAKERS
I love my six-pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
If you want to reach your goal, you must see you reaching it in your own mind before you actually arrive at it. ~Zig Ziglar
wow Todd Tigger :p
": Great live tweeting today from the amazing Tweeting AND running the #MiniMarathon!" Wow a
So I heard that something called the Elder Scrolls comes out today. Can't wait to read them!
the hacker deleted it.
That was one of the videos I've edited (thanks for tweeting).
I understand what you are saying. But none of us can know what was going on in his head. Money definetly does not buy happiness.
hey s'hani!!
you mean like little ducks?
lol evan . dont start with me .
She wants to be your girl, not one of your "girls".
White girl with a booty
Barack Obama is not a socialist, and he shouldn't be tried for treason. Your turn, Tom Barrett. We're waiting.
Wishing you a wonderful, blessed, FUN, and safe Thanksgiving!!!! Thank you for your love and continuous support!!!!
Thank you a bunch!!
big value I think he got 1st round talent like Michael Floyd from ND always likes him
shout out to the real ones
tennis lesson time
hahaha too down! Well better lets go with my fav; adioses, a drink on the rocks! Lol
jacksonville get it right
Do they respond?
"Teaching is the profession that teaches all the other professions." -Author Unknown
awee, you glad to be home listening to your own radiostation ?
i know i had to find little thing to do to distract me from the wait and they're not working.lol
One of the biggest dieting pitfalls: Ordering a healthy meal and slathering on the dressing. Use sauces and dressings in moderation.
nice! Thanks for picking up a ticket for me!
If you can tell mommy and I the barometric pressure in prague on Tuesday,we can go to disney world!
RT : This is the promo that aired during American Idol tonight. The full piece will be shown on......
Love Strunk + White!
Start with a series of tweets about the dissertation: each 140 characters. Then work up to 300 words from that.
RT : RT : I opted for a oriental chicken salad•sounds delicious- I want sum :$
great point - hope the panel is better than the room
You are well able! Go and possess the land which the Lord, thy God, has given unto thee.
I am very interested. I will dm you when I get home. ( I hate typing with my phone).
cramping so fucking bad right now....i hate mondays.!
Looking forward to some inspiration this evening from
Yeah, we will have to chat a bit at the next
me too like who the hell would cheat on him? He's so sweet!
“: Doubling up on morning meetings today.” That sounds exhausting
Follow We're working with her on merchandise! We even have a prototype designed!!!
Yes, ABIA has millimeter waves. It's the machines with the arms that rotate around the person.
Sitting on the 733 to Expo. Thinking Venice Blvd is past due for its own rails. (Again)
Do you have a selection of craft brews in cans? We're thinking of a little blind taste test with some friends.
It involves doing yoga specifically designed to help you gracefully survive the amount you're about to drink.
Love it! RT Just did some reader's advisory at the nail salon.
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "cigma lehsl". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
So sweet. MT : shares the sweet story of how his parents met. How do we keep these stories alive?
blood brothers stick up fo Each other no matter where at #ciny #twitter or
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house. Joe Ryan
Just the awesomeness that is embroidery and direct to garment printing :)
ANYWAYS, I LOVE MILEY
I was just listening to this! You're a good man.
Check out the qualifications of our two wonderful teachers on our staff. Miss Ivy and Miss Marina and you will be impressed.
The 500 dollar slam is tonight at Who are you going for?
I'm trying to find anything to do to keep from studying for this anatomy final...
Well played...(company man) : Sorry that last tweet was a disclaimer for the insurance adjusters ;)
me, tyrese, Lexine, and I can't remember anyone else. Lol
Girls are so mean. They tell their friends to "flaunt it if they got it" but then call girls they don't even know sluts for doing that.
please much appreciate it :] thank you
lol that was a best friend tap !
Oh. Going to NYC? Stop by Little Branch in the West Village.
my house is cold...
Can't believe SXSW is in 16 days! Looking forward to an awesome week!!
Can't wait for Wedding and Couture issue of !
From our 'Book of Lists': The pop. of Kendall Co. was 114,736 in 2010, up from 54,544 in 2000, making it the fastest-growing co. in the U.S.
7p-7aFinally off, Sucks when u work overnight , get a day off & stay up til 7a counting sheeps...
Yay! That would be fun! I'm a good cook, I could make the dinners! (at 4 p.m.) :)
Amazing! Can't wait to have you girls :) RT : tomorrow! :)
Combatcompanys new boxing coaches Jason Wallace(aba) and Peter Simon(pro) have hit it running Tue and thur 630pm and mon+ wed 1030am
All I want is a life that's lived out fully for Him for His glory. Jesus, you are my everything!
as if Minnesotans needed more reasons to talk about the weather, 2-3 inches of rain over last 24 hrs, you'd think armageddon is near
Why, I am the spitting image of a young Al Yankovic.
RT Congrats to for reaching NCAA! I know you will represent WVIAC well!! Best of luck
Cooper Point!
yes, we are getting that error too.
hi Crispy!! Thank u, long time no tweet! :) How have you been? :)
Hmm. Second earthquake of the day.
Still In Love With You omg this song was amazing well still is <3
good night man!!
since is the Chief Meteorologist, can I call you the Fire Marshal? Fire Marshal Sampe has a good ring to it.
baha! I am sure a lot of people haven't thought of that! PS. I lost the game. Frogs.
I am running to get a burrito so I don't die. See you very soon.
Study says chewing food 40 times showed that participants ate 12% fewer calories.
There you go Drew. Use the paint
don't be mean! Something is wrong with yours!
Tea Partiers can't spell. Know who else couldn't spell? Hilter!
Mike Rowe "Dirty Jobs" is filming near by--they're eating here!
i love you austin :)
Milwaukee Chamber Theater...tweet seat night haha
Yes sir!RT : let today be the day you start appreciating the simple things .. like freedom, health and family ..
and everything I see it reminds me of food
asked me to marry him yesterday!! I said yes! <3
Need more followers! I'll follow back, thanks!
♪ Tweet tweet ♪trying to figure out this twitter stuff :-)
the breed is the "unwanted" my 1st 3 from the street, my 2nd current 3, LA pound and one abandoned
that's 1 #pretty kite!!
Super freak ! ;)
walked up on some #capitalhill #soccer game this morning on a coffee stroll. #Intense #matchup!!
[8 - 0] Milwaukee Brewers beat NY Mets
you left your stuff in Mrs.Wilcox's room
:) what u been up too
People who diet expressly for an event bore me.
": G☀☀d m☀rning Patrice!" Good morning love!!!
Just baked a fresh batch of incense. Who needs some?
2007 they woke on a bus, no memory of the past day. A spambot reunites them.
☺ “A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one Year and out the other.”—Anonymous
#NP Jennifer Lopez- Love Don't Cost A Thing
Sigh. Praying for patience. And for the wisdom to make the right decisions.
Not working well on the team you're currently on? Tell your manager & ask for a move. They want you happy & productive!
My mother is completely obsessed with Garth Brooks. I'm having serious concerns. I'm counting, she's watched the live DVD 13 days in a row..
Oscar Wilde I am not young enough to know everything.
Dance Moms Marathon<3
Just saw 's TV spot on #OWN again! Love it. Did you see it?
Do you announce your daily happy hour cocktail specials somewhere?
No person is ur friend or kin who demands ur silence, or denies ur right 2 grow and b as fully blossomed as u were intended. -Alice Walker
: search their songs on youtube. & yeah i did.
It's Tues! Latin Jazz Cruise 2nite @ 8ET & Evening Jazz @ 10pm on Jazz 88.3 FM & co-hosting.
whenever i go on a study date i make sure i get all my studying before.
hahahaha what! nope not me..I woulda though!
Talking about getting stuck on a deserted island. Convo took a weird turn. Love my friends. <3
is 3ish ok?
(AP) -- Reebok has thrown in the towel in its effort to sell New York Jets Tim Tebow jerseys and T-shirts.
Good Music = Good Mood :D
can't be there):stuck in London :(
Eating strawberries and drinking water - yumm, how delicious!
thanks man!
Don't believe that winning is really everything. It's more important to stand for something. If u don't stand for something, what do u win?
TX. BEATDOWN 5 IS NOW IN STORES...HIT ME UP @ FIESTA, ILL HAVE SUM @ THE BOOTH IN THE MARKET SQUARE....
yoo I love wicked ideas
Finally back home I'm tired af
iPhone died on Sunday, Apple gave me a replacement on Monday. Then AT&T tries to charge me extra for my data plan. PwnageTool to the rescue
If i could be the girl version rapper of i would be so raw ! Lol
Don't get me wrong. Love Pink Floyd. Not my favorite song, but I'm fine with it. Just such a weird idea.
Yes. It was ALL the fault of the Fromage!! Either way was SO good to have you here. Come back soon and get home safe xx
maybe you boyfriend tired you from sex?
how do like teaching for Full Sail University? I had not heard of it prior, but looks interesting.
How did it go? RT : Thnx to all who showed up for the #nafsa11 Tech MIG events!
I haven't sung forreal in a while.
If we get the 1-3 inches predicted, it should go a long way toward remedying still lingering drought concerns.
If i would have known #Dexter was based in Miami…i would have started watching it a long time ago…..
That was utter shit.
Ended the night with coffee icecream.
if you're serious, hit up my head coach, Ricky Wilson. I will dm his number
Watching the new Underworld! Love these Vampires and Wearwolves!
So proud of my lil sis Kiana=] She just won an award for supporting actress... for her role as Katie in the movie "Roll Call" Yay sis!!!
Happy Monday Tweeps :D
Great new album, Peter!
It's a Puke-O-Rama
Out here filming go to work. Can't believe the time has passed so fast it seems
I don't know if the weather could be more perfect this morning for
RT : Less than 50 tickets left for Edward Sharpe...The word is that this concert is now SOLD OUT.
Damn im still up aint been sleep yet
Hi #genealogy friends. I think Instagram took over my brain. I love it, but I'm not getting anything else done.
im about to hide in the basement cuz I hear thunder
with bell . text me
how are you? Have a great vaction and happy new year!
I don't but its a good idea.
i hope your feet swell up again while you're out in the sun and you get chased by a pack of hornets
i'm so glad is feeelin' a lilll better. <3 & that song he just say was just beautiful.
i'm going back in five minutes and if it doesn't come within a reasonable time i'm committing suicide
Was that Dunn in 2008? Don't see too many 500-footer anymore. Wow.
Thank you for all the new followings this week! Still looking to connect with more philanthropists,non-profits,and social entrepreneurs!
Thanks for sharing! I'm a proud, lifelong postcard collector and collager so I'm always excited to find things like this :)
thank you
omg my mother and I have the same relationship. You give me hope that she and I can be closer and more loving.
An icon passed today you will be greatly missed Steve Jobs started the apple Macintosh
love this pic(:
Oh that's exciting! Well if you have any questions about the area when you get here be sure to ask.
Survivor is on at 7 central. Posts the next morning at cbs.com
DAMN!! The one night I didn't get to listen!
#cnndialogues will be filmed and portions will be televised on CNN International. Will follow up with exact times
D-Fence,D-Fence RT W/the 52nd overall pick in the 2nd rd the Titans select N. Carolina linebacker Zach Brown.
Brand new video out in 1 hour!
Nigga go get on that damn corner & make my f*uckin money! #INeedsMyMoneyOnTimeHoe & My dog in her cage sleep!
I hate drama. Really you liked my tbh status and you didn't like that I was honest.. News flash bitch TBH means To Be HONEST get real bitch!
Does Jason Bay ever have to come back????
Well for 2 seconds.
thanks for the #ff :)
I think in your free time you should take a drawing class. I hardly recognized you in your photo. (But very clever).
#CBS telling us stupid facts about kU
Standards - American Standard makes toilets... Russian Standard makes vodka
Kailyn needs to not date an spend time with herself I know its hard to get over ur ex I'm a divorced single mom trust me I know
god damn i had a crazy night last night.
Time for our softball game! Gotta win this week.
Bring a bottle of wine or some extra food if appropriate. :)
ok then I might see you if you go :")
yes please!
RT if you love new song Swag It Out!!!
At school wif
Cleansing is so important to live and maintain a healthy life! Clearing your body of toxins and buildup help prevent future health problems.
yeah we already sent that back to the mothership
S/O to our new followers!!! Tell everyone you know about us! In Dallas or not!!! C3 Car Club Is growing daily!
omfg babies are so annoying >.>
Ur very welcome, and I intend to, thx!
So Wrap Your Arms Around me And Leave Me On My Own. 🎧
Understood, & we certainly sympathize with your views.
You guys, I just ate for four hours. FOUR HOURS!
Hey is coming this sunday from 4-6pm to DCcodeathon to see our exciting new demos... are you?
The shit I witnessed today on the #1 bus! This dude rolled a blunt from scrap starting at Frandor and ended at Sparrow! 0_o
I like it!
Twitter is such an important tool for moms. I rarely have the mental capacity for thoughts exceeding 140 characters anyway.
Listen to Radio One AM WOL 1450 today at 4:15pm. Jumpstart DC is featured on Speak Out with Maria Byrd!
Another Week of GW News, April 22, 2012 [A Few Things Ill Considered]
now...back to the real world...
Whatever your impressions of band...I'm getting a ton of questions about it. Think I just sold one for Nike, too.
10 pages, forthcoming. *power fist*
Somewhere in America: Energy: via
Gotta wait some years to go to
OMG OMG OMG : RT Features making film out of #BobDylan's album Blood on the Tracks, which is said to be about his divorce.
Operation: Sound Off! now has a facebook page!
Weren't the #Angels and #Tigers supposed to be 19-0 at this point in the season?
Delightful travel companions in Mary & Emily--can't imagine the patience needed with me. (OTOH, Em had the iPod for solace!) Excellent trip!
Laying in my wonderful bed watching Grey's Anatomy on Netflix :))) it's a good night!
Lucky duck.
Nice view!
Not as bad as cat food on your foot in the morning......
#gottahappenasap. I think that gal in my class may think we are psycho,
any plans to enable for iPad to work with ? The streamlined typing would be the icing on the cake!
But for real though, there's no such thing as a "rare" sample in the internet age anymore. Digging has taken on a completely new context.
This means Kyle French is the guy..
We still working, grindin it out for our moms, the shop is still open for our services, get up with us. S/O The Invisibles
haha! I am open to go almost anywhere.
"I'm sexy in my own skin" -Andrew Kusters
I haven't stopped looking for the good in people. I've just accepted the fact that I'm not always going to find it.
Such a beatiful day:))
Dumb, nights
Watching a novela
Saw an advanced screening of the tonight in Baltimore. Loved as our city's master of the macabre, Edgar Allan Poe!
Game idea: Pharmville. -- where you slap a bunch of chemicals together and market a medication out of their must useful side-effect.
damn that's harsh “: Being loyal to the wrong dude will make u not wanna b loyal to nann otha!”
turned back the french/Napolean's army. They were coming down from Louisiana
Just watched Poupoupidou Film So good! Highly recommended.
swear it do
don't sell yourself short
RT : Unifest is less than a month away. << PRE-SOLD TIX ARE ONLY $15! LIKE US ON FB FOR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS
Take advantage of the tax credit at Lake Bluff with a luxury one bedroom condo for $219,900, with lake views! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Good luck on your second try. Which MBA programs are you considering?
We went to a reggae spot jt was nice and I had a blast. Oh yea, told him the truth abt me. So you knw whats on his mind now, can3 play????
recommendation by a female author & you handed me “Door into Fire” & told me it was yours. Loved that book. Son now reading you.
If only I had a magical mood ring that told me exactly what I wanted at Starbucks
Thanks Heather! Just read you were at a memorial service. Sorry to hear that, hope you're well. :)
Multilaxing- Doing multiple relaxing things at once.
Aw, I hope you feel better! I'm impressed that you stuck it out through Bikram... showing your body who's boss
So would I Michelle! I think you must have amazing skills with that sexy mouth and tongue of yours!~ My oh My! Xoxo
send me a request
I miss you best friend :(
i want a phone call at 3 am, just because ..
Ahha same, that would have been an interesting twist but her parents would habe found out
Got pokemon white :-D
I can't tell the difference between voluntary manslaughter or second degree murder D:
"You're a grinder!" -- my dentist.
sausages... sausages... sausages!
Pride and Prejudice
leaving work late then finding I left the mobile behind is bad enough, trust it to be thrashing down the rain when I found out
Awesome bro, I was hanging out with him at the stadium last weekend for pubfest. You missed a great time!!
"Eclektronik Groove" on KZSU Stanford is groovy!
Come hang out with us at the FPL stage at 6pm!
you already know :) making fun of the poor Philippine professor, get freaking accent
Know how to edit PDFs? Variable data? Need you. Big rush job. Get in touch. or DM me
just turned back to the #sabres game, looks like they are skating even slower, is that even possible? #SCdebate way more interesting
open run at tommorrow if you are in raleigh
#SIA11 rocks our snow socks off!
I. Love. Vegan. Waffles.
Dried fruit is not only a good snack, but can be mixed with powdered milk, cream of wheat and some nuts to really pack in the protein!!
Arguably the best #Poker room in North America, the in Florida | Final table for the #WPTJax today |
Fave new line: I want this designer to blow up even if that means I won't be able to afford. Gorge coats!
Usher Nice and Slow remix!?!? THIS Is why i listen to on
FedEx Tom Hanks hugged deserted island Tom Hanks, which was weird.
big sean is nice
The Wanted performing in The Voice! <3
Funny, I have hardly used #spotify since I got it.
also theclymb.com has had siege headphones twice since ive been a member for 50% off. let me know if u's want an invite
" I got kinda hard when I saw it " lls this nigga (:
Starbucks & sunshinee(: Ah!
the sun is shining, the sun is shining, it is bright, not grey ... yay!
Find rare collectibles to mainstream fiction from 40 dealers at LVA Antiquarian Book Sale on April 28. Free admission.
tired of boring church with no move of God visit truth & victory tabernacle off bolton rd. in atl, We love to have U. A Move of God
Happy Friday! Since mother nature decided it's winter again, we are warming up with Chicago Steak and Chop pot roast for lunch. Yum!...
. , do you think visitors will increasingly expect online-only access to onsite experiences?
imma hit y'all wit some blueprints soon.
Harry makes four nipples sexy ;)
MT : Packed house for "Southwest Airlines: Developing Legendary Leaders, Southwest Style" session w/
Very cool art display
Amie Harte has the best smile
I will follow and who to give RT tweets to ''AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOW ''
No interruption
Friday is the day for finishing things, and god help me I'm finishing this processing project today. Oversize materials and all.
jajaja I know right! I'm like obsessed with them I have the books & the movies I just need the guys!! Lol
I see myself in that weird space again. Which means I need to make a move. And make it fast.
hey bro.
mines not till august so i got time
“: Looks like we're gonna get to do that duet after all.” Hell Yes!!
That is such a bummer. It was a really great app.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy learning more about me :)
we were clapping for this awkward couple that kissed by the bathrooms haha. Everyone started clapping with us randomly
#HappyEaster, Milwaukee! How do you guys celebrate?
Happy to report I did indeed power thru "SB" and as a result, could not put it down til the last page. Good luck on "GirlWDT"!
Harvin gets it to the 1, but delay of game penalty pulls the #Vikings back.
Back at it motherfucker, and above you regardless. Look at me now>:)
Welcome to Twitter!
twitter informed me I should follow you. So I shall
Thanks! Have a wonderful weekend!
sleep when the season's over. Sometime in April I'm guessing
the sky is grey, and every time i blink i have a tiny dream. but as bad as i am i'm proud of the fact that i'm worse than i seem.
the lady at lulas askd why I'm trying on a prom dress bc I look extremely young and innocent..and looks like she's 18..
hahah I'm probably the only one who understands this and knows how stupid that girl is.
don't forget, you're #racists too, obviously....
SO pumped 😄
Amy *Greer, Brown archivist: Netflix-style recommendations around digital archive objects?
oh i C - south of rstrnt row -on l cienega or u R looking somewhere between LaCienega & the ocean.
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 7
Photographer: check their work but also their personality. They'll be with you all day. If you're stressed, the photos will show it.
Long ass day. About to cuddle up on the couch with trevy and watch a movie.
we will be here for u and ur PlaySport if I have any say in this. Thx for thinking of us.
Whoa whoa whoa! Look at you and your fancy hashtags
The assumption of stability is part of something I call the "Winner's Crisis." We've been in a Winner's Crisis since 1991.
2. If your name isn't , you shouldn't be allowed to NOT put a grade on your reviews. It's just pretentious and annoying.
I hope THIS vegan calzone finally makes the grade.
Yes it is since Democrats are "in bed" with them just like Republicans. The two party system no longer is working.
It Seems That Time Was Always The Issue. But Now That I Think About Maybe It Was Just You...Or Me.
Kahneman's book is great. I'm a quarter through and marvel at his experimental results. Thanks for ref to F. Dyson's review.
Honored to be nominated for 2012 BIG EASY AWARD as Best Roots Rock Artist - congrats to all our fellow nominees!
oh shit! Tear it up and tell Jason I say what's up.
you rule. thanks MP!
Where do you view / listen to the Young Detroit Show at? (City & State) - We need to know this for audio promos! Thanks!
Rocco's Pizza in Studio City is the best! I hope all is well. It's been a while since you judged CA Entertainer of the Year for us!
NelsonMandela: You didn't want to seat with me at that time and now I forgive you my brother. Mindy Thompson-Fullilove keynote at
I bet I want a plate lol
And only 1 out. Fly ball wins.RT : like the aggressiveness, the one thing that would give me pause: Castro & LaHair up next.
Bully beat down wasn't bad. $5 cover on soon w/ lucero y'all check it out
I have no words...
i dont want to.. Im not even home yet..
Follow me ;* nighty night
done :) I'm def a true monster :)
1976 - George #Harrison sang the Lumberjack Song with the #MontyPython comedy troop.
Opening up the tarot room on Shindig Tarot. Only $.99 per minute, for right now- www.shindigtarot.com/tarotreader.html#/Abraca2802
Sat.Jan.14 Double Door SALUTE!
“: Listening to "Way Back (The Conflict)" by The Super Happy Fun Club! #nowplaying ” thank you!!
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you read Runelords? They're producing that a movie too. Vote for actors
Thank YOU for such amazing lip balm! RT :“: So happy you like our lip balm. Love the photo!”
Was impressed to see the fat, little Albers boy plays for the Red Sox now. Has his own uniform and everything.
OPEN! Come chill, grab a glass of wine, enjoy great art and company!
Ronald Heifetz definition of leadership: the ability to mobilize group resources.
Trying to figure out what to do with all these leftover #oysterbake tickets. Confetti probably.
nun just findin out the truth of my constelation (cancer)
I feel like petworth will feel like cohi in a few years...given some time.
Who will be my valentine?
I just rejected a Dunkin donut. Yes!! :)
Broke as fuck and about to sneak a Vita Coco bottle fulla Trader Joe's wine into a bar. Purple mouth's gonna give me away. (I'm 31.)
nothingg muchh I Got suspended from Skool for 5 freaking days for suposedly being under the influence
Yesterday, Jonathan Haidt said Newt Gingrich blew it when he changed the congressional schedule. No one lives, bros down, in DC these days.
Me and my Daddy are rocking out to some Journey and my little sister is telling us it's too loud! ;)
Rest in Peace Clarence Clemons..You and your Music will be Greatly Missed. You were a One of a kind man...Tell God Hello for me
Just finished watching of on blow them away with #poison apples!! Way to go chef !!!!
Me and my mommy are getting matching tatts and she went to get hers yesterday =D
I don't even know why I even bother trying on capris. They always look like high waters on my short body
Getting drunk for free at 8 a.m. on the plane >
not at this point. You should apply next year :-)
11/16/10 ♥ by far the best night of my life!
Waiting for #Austream if he is going to have one? :]
thank you old lady
key west!
Nothing like being schooled by 38 year old women on the soccer field to knock your ego down a peg or two. cc:
beach on Wednesday afternoon?
I don't care what anyone says. Winnie the Pooh is pretty badass! :D
Sweep The Leg Johnny - Sto Cazzo!
I'm Back #LikeClockwork Get It On iTunes in AU now and elsewhere very very soon! Trust me, it's incredible and will get you off your feet!
RT : RIP #ChuckBrown Go-Go's influence and impact on Hip- Hop was profound and we will miss you. #Salute !!!
good luck out there. Bundle up.
thank you. I'm going to demand to the studio that this is a 3D IMAX film.
Hope y'all never get it twisted,I'm more than happy with my lady,better yet wifey ,just in case anybody had any questions
dear glenn beck: you are a POS.
me too!! RT : RT : OH.MY.GOD.WHAT!!! OMG I NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS
Since I'm sick I figured I'd take the opportunity to watch all the seasons of Fraggle Rock.
just tried your site/media player and it works great.
Just waking from my nap. o-O still with headache :-(
The "I can here you now" Verizon guy is like The Jared of tech spokesman
Early to bed, & hopefully early to rise!! #bballmornings >>
Pacers better win tonight!!
Lots of dogs in the office today! 🐶
we need more of the 1% to stand up for poor and working families! Again he is a leader! Read his bio.
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet. I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are! ;)
"The future enters into us in order to transform itself in us long before it happens." Rainer Maria Rilke
My Top 5 Favorite Classic Rock Bands Of All-Time: 1). Led Zeppelin 2). Pink Floyd 3). Black Sabbath 4). RUSH 5). Jimi Hendrix Experience
que paso?
I love tacos. I do.
Ridin with the girls
Is this really you Justin BIeber 84 on Justin TV
... would be home for duration with the strange mendicant with heaped curls and caste mark on forehead who never spoke ate drank slept ...
Congrats to on their successful quarter! Thanks for representing Milwaukee!
Just bought"U smile"by&iLOVE IT!i smell a #1 song:)Hope you happy that 1.4million ppl.just bought that song.i got a huge smile!
Kurt dressed like on #glee lml
This fan making my eyes tear up !
I will. Can't wait to see you trump Seth yet again. :-) ": Who will be watching #HARDCOREPAWN tonight on ?"
The laces were in, they were in
Took a major burn, but all is not lost, I can play that game too buddy. Mr in control marine, you will learn women aren't dumb like u think
Girls should be treated like princesses. Don't sit there and disrespect and sell out. Be nice and mature.
I should have done this sooner. But I need a quality photograph of Barney Rosset for framing. , any idea where I can get one?
Arggggh! Facebook chat, now.
#healhtip: To help keep the skin moist, avoid skin-care products w/ alcohol and petrolatum and drink plenty of fresh water during the day
Hi, I just wanna make out with you so bad. K bye
Get em in for me too! You got it! RT Morning! If I have to do plank dips this morning im going to actually cry.
Very good...that's why they opened a 2nd place on Las Olas.
Itz official Temple Run is on the Android Market!!!!!!!!!1
If you're in town for AWP, come to Comet Ping Pong tonight! I'll be reading there with a bunch of other great writers.
who's ND son?? I know who Bal & Tow are...
Hey everyone, Check out my videos and tell me what you think please! Shout me out and I will shout you out! Thank you all for the support!!
love the new site!!
indeed the moon is where they live. We have not been back.
I don't know if I'm getting better or just getting use to the pain.
The unbelievably talented is going to be in New England this summer. Lets see how I can convince Ry to do an engagement shoot..
Chuck Close -3 seats away from me at American Symposium at the Met
havnt been on the tweeter in quite awhile
Feeling ok. Going to be a little bit of a trip to get back to full health. Got NGS coming in May. Should good by then.
L'allegro is glorious. Thanks to Mark Morris & his dedication to the music. It helps me, personally, connect to the dance more.
#typosf12 distribution models (from Starbucks to graphic design) mean increasing communication blandness
never give up!
you bet I'm wearing red tomorrow, and red lipstick too! #OneCapella!
Haha! What could possibly be better than homemade crunk?
“: nice beat's, i follow you on rocbattle since i log in, i like the most the r&b empty feelings, gj” thanks fam!
White Wives covering "Where Is My Mind" just made my 2012.
Update: We're back in business! Engine overheated. Almost in Chattanooga for our show at JJ's Bohemia tonight!
#lies sometimes it's hard to tell the difference between librarians and exhibitors
surely not before you come home...
Steak n shake breakfast
really? Havent gotten the chance of going over there! I always end up staying local or south central
MULTIPLE FANS
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when wack rappers wanna diss me but they're not even on my level!!
The 2011 National Championship Game starts at 1pm EST on (Noon Texas time). And to pump you up, here is a word fm
Yes, of course. See you then.
Wish someone had tixs for The Weeknd show tonight in L.A.
Hunter Hayes on replay <3
NO! You get completely different gifts. For the love of god, woman, this is your shot to drain your loved ones dry. Take it.
I couldn't even go jog this morning<<<
see me at the game. Want to know why skipping prom
Never get involved in a land war in Asia ...
love you too Tay Tae! (: x Can't wait to see it!
Hahaha. I like how you think.
Only 8 hours left to enter our competition! Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets Last Night of the Proms #Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
You know you need cooking lessons when you have to call your boss to ask him how to make rice.
If Olbermann speaks with no TV camera to braodcast him, does he make a sound?
that sounds like a heart attack (;
I can't believe I just used the word ham lol
So who is going to ? No reps from AdviStor this year unfortunately, but hopefully next!
omg, you're going to space in a Pkunk Fury?
hey do you think you can give my writer a few pointers on starting a new blog.
Eating a apple, feeling good :)
Do you have your Iphone App for Queen City Grill? Get up to date menus and offers. Download today!
no way he goes in my opinion but I think he would get drafted. Don&#39;t have to be ready. Abt potential
holy crap! is going to be at !!! better start planning my outfit!
Every Painting deserves a Name
Anyone besides me at anduzzi's?
lol oh I see I'm in transit so I had to get off for a min
I made it 10 months. He weaned himself. I felt sad, but was free. He wouldn't take a bottle, so was literally ON me for 10 months
Great night playing Mahjong with the ladies! Now time for bed. :)
Not marketing - in fact, I am twittering to avoid writing a marketing plan? Does that count?
chain store guide is proud to announce its new website with enhanced features for all www.chainstoreguide.com
University of Miami College of Engineering Alumni Association (UM CoEAA) Spring mandatory meeting on January 31st at 7:00 p.m. MEA 202
did u do your taxes yet? squirrel away yr rebate & use that
Kate Winslet FLAWLESS
O! Slick! How do you like it? I'm about to get a new phone. Leaning toward Galaxy S II. Amy and I have talked about tablets too
Are you kidding? Unless I roll the odometer over, no car I own will ever show that low-mileage.
Well...the coffee is a Bourbon varietal...does that count? :)
= my obsession #enough said.
Can I get some fries with that shake? lol
Yes we did!
M ya i can
If ppl don't know baseball well enough to know that you can't judge player by one game, then they should stop tweeting.
Working to hard for my 4th of J party. Moderate drinking by the pool. #QR scan hunt
Been sick all day. Gunna test my limits and eat some steak.
oh hi daishea!
a little clunky, no?
You didn't SEE her when she thought Tyler was "dead". Plus, I honestly think Stiles is a fake. He's not real.
You're so predictable BenRo
Do you wear you uk flag jagk shirt a lot to support alex's background?
Authors of "Getting Open: The Unknown Story of Bill Garrett and the Integration of College Basketball" overcoming #racism just spoke here!
Might Do My Hair All Spiffy Again(: Yes Or No.? Lets See If I Can W/o My Moms Help. Hahaha(: [I Love My Gf <3]]
Create your mobile app for a defined audience not for the department originating the project - Jack Ludden
Doing these onions a favor.
It'll be fun. I promise. I'm pretty good at writing nobel-peace-prize type tweets.
Marlene says lots of important stuff for which she gets no credit.
Love You Princess'
so is mine lmfaoo
gonna get chest piece worked on
hey! I'm playing Rockwood on dec 9th- hope you can come!
are you referring to the margarita? :)
will I ever get a follow back from my idol?x
you gave someone your bracelet because they liked it :') can I have the right to be on your following list :D please?♥
cool i wouldnt mind getting to work with you and you making beats just for my style and heres my email
Tired of studying for exams and ready for Friday to come so I can sleep all weekend!! :D
Vote for #myeBaymix loving the blazer
I had no idea New York got so many ads for Connecticut.
Who, What, When? RT Dood, library fail!
Can't wait to see your new show! Good luck with it! Have always loved you.
Will soon be looking for some passion theater folk to serve on the TC advisory board.
Bol RT : IF I SELL MY NEPHEW FOR 2 MILLION DOLLARS MY BROTHER WON'T SAY SHIT BUT TAKE A MILLION
RT 27 DAYS UNTIL THE GREATEST SPECTACLE IN RACING! RT If you're excited for the #INDY500! #INDYCAR2012 cannot wait.
Sample tweet: Another day, another new MIJ P-Bass and TL606 cabinet. Running out of room in my basement.
Up by 7 let's close them out
Giants want this more
Except in Detroit and Cleveland :(
hey you. I hope youre having a good break!
Listening Party. Nu On Def Jam/Timeless Got tracks wit Wayne & Flo-Rida! Reggae Pop future beast. Shout 2 &
Haha will absolutely miss that place and only good times for me sir
Everyone needs gigis cupcakes in their life (nashville)
Ran into at the 3 crow
If the heat don't win I'm not watching anymore games !!!!!
With all the toys in the world, people choose feelings to play with.
Surmising that the Easter Bunny stopped by my work over the weekend based on the trail of jellybeans in the breakroom.
Thanks, Pati! U rock!
can i throw rocks through the windows?
Come say "hey" in person right now for an autograph signing session.
S/o To my Bro Its His Mufuggin Bday Foo #MyBrothersKeeper I Love ya Foo
OMG so bored and so horny this aint funny
her names daisy:o
Watching Why Do Fools Fall In Love .
Word Nerd Factoid: "Regicide" refers to the killing of a king or queen.
respects to you and all the love and support
I SLICES OF LIFE is now following , because that girl is as crazy as the honey badger.
because our beers taste good... And I think it would take an average craft brewery a 100 years before they could afford it
Great Job what is your Goal?
Olly Murs has such a nice bum!
follow us back and i wont unfollow this time
please follow me :))) i love you !!!
RT : . Laptop, pft. So five years ago. Why not give them all iPads?
i think i'm gunna block you.
Forget me like you'd forget a dead bug </3
Congrats to for the victory against his mentor. Great win for
My name is Jessica & I like unicorns :)
Search "SOUL FOOD MIXTAPE" on Google Play to get 's newest music for free!
Haha well at least you have a good sense of humor :)
Power of MT : When we give students a way 2 share their work we emphasize that what they do in courses is worthwhile.
a half hour into U.S. Open coverage and have seen a dozen shots. FAIL once again. Show us some GOLF!!!
Wow! Sounds very painful. You need some icy hot!
I just realized that if you watch Cinderella backwards, it's about a woman that learns her place.
hb I do the brochure and u do some of the packet. It was the stress brochure.
oh no oh no oh no. you alien. bahaha. i hate youu.
So many Cinco De Mayo parties....so little time!
Oh, I came pretty damn close. Youth groups were told that I worshipped Satan.
great article - thank you for sharing!!!
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
thank u pa ...if only I knew what tfb was I am not good with the new computer language lmao...#shoutouts right back
Talin Market So Far the Line up is OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck The Zingaro and The Chopping Block
#ThingsICantLiveWithout jewelry, shoes, and my sisters!
aweome! Have a good one mate!
I just found out Jeff Suppan still happens...who knew..
So they cancel my car insurance cause I don't drive enough ain't that a stupid reason cause I'm support to drive a lest 30 mile a day
so today all the 8th grade got a lecture about drama and violents. it was pretty great.Jk!
It is not length of life, but depth of life. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
marc do you have the address for Ben?
Watching live with Kelly in Hawaii makes me want a vacation right now!
Three points!!!!
His early inning success (as was last year's) due to newness to hitters. Still making adjustments, and will have to continue...
Ok guess who I had this Convo with?Ugh I don't feel good Me:Oh hey theres Christian Person:ooohh I feel better looking at that
Last night we got very positive feedback on #ScavengerHunt from prominent condor researcher Fred Sibley.
FYI Baltimore :: For every 1 mile pedaled rather than driven, nearly 1 pound of CO² is saved. Grab a beer and get on the Pedal Mill!
you sound a little butt hurt
RT : "The internet is older than the class of 2015" (HuffPost) goodluck at college Liv, my baby sis is all grown up!
Redesign Alert: Dropbox (new photo viewer and file management improvements)
think he would miss you more. YOU CAN HAVE HIM.
they are always by invitation only, I'm not sure how many people are not invited.
Insist on being yourself. No one can do that better than you.... -James Collier
hey guys check out new single Reality on iTunes!! <3 her!! :)
wait till you learn how to use the clipping mask. It makes you feel like you can conquer the world, or at least Photoshop! :)
typical life of a runner would follow me
this is exactly what I'm saying since its 1:30 in the morning.
Hope everyone had a great Holiday! *Remember to use up your Flex Spending before the year is over! :)
I'm fine. The Pittsburgh Flash Fiction Gazette averages 360 hits a day and will go over 10,000 hits for April, big stuff for a blog.
getting super excited for the
Thanks! I think it turned out great :)
: I find myself wanting to throw my iPhone through the fucking wall consistently:/
wat up #pimp.. I got #BeatsOnDeck!!
Oh goodness, who forgot to aggregate the data?
Gimme Some Truth.
Ear buds:IN, Pandora:ON. Let's get some work done.
Yeah No Problem
Animated conversation with cartoonist Steve Bell. Lampoon away with Keith #InConvo tonight at 5pm
I think should definitely come get me so we could chill lol
good! Lol mainly work work work @ the clubs in DC Lima & Ultrabar. Hanging w/ my boo. You?
PILI ! PILI ! DID YOU SEE THE TV GUIDE LADY ?! SHES GOING IN THE SEWER ! OMG OMG OMG I CANT BREATHE ! I HATE THAT LADY ! ! ! O:
#nowplaying Art Ensemble of Chicago - Ouffnoon
Bird: 'Basketball came easy to me. I wasn't quick and couldn't jump much. I just thought the game out.' He sure did!
okay, i'm back
Painted the deck, went house hunting, and started plans for redecorating. Completely relaxing & domestic day.
Going to do some things today I've been putting off far too long..
I am listening to the Lost 45s with Barry Scott on WODS Boston
it is very hard to watch your family eat it while you are fasting haha
Ballgame. Semifinals for America
catching up on Ice Age tweets. Congrats on making 40k! I did the half and it was tough enough. Brutal trail, no?
She bad - Stuey Rock feat. Roscoe Dash.
Sometimes I hate when people try to be funny and fail at it...
Late night shopping run complete. Last item crossed off the X-Mas list.
Sweet! We need to catch up! Congrats :)
Thanks to the Marquee Tri aiders and athletes for their encouragement on the run. I finished my first olympic in 3hrs 8 mins. Bring it on.
Ready for #TheOffice tonight:D Make my day 100 times better:)
Hey! Welcome to the photo group ;) Where are you from?
Yay! I've seen former classmates and coworkers at
In Joplin and a raccoon comes out of the dumpster. Smallest raccoon I've ever seen. Poor fella. Never felt bad for a raccoon before.
Filner questions DeMaio on why ConVis vote should not come before the public.
I hate when ppl don't call or text back.
I know, that's why I purposely wrote it in caps lmfao LOVE YOU 😘
yea we should get some ruphies and have a chat
Pluto on Venus = sexual compulsion/healing Uranus on Venus = romantic liberartion Neptune on Venus = romantic ideal
Alkaline diet tip: When cooking, use oils that are alkaline forming. These include olive, avocado, and coconut oils.
Happy V Day :) Love you too <3
yup. Will be at this upcoming season. Was at Luminaries Fest Toronto last year and before in Manchester, UK.
Here's one - "LIKE" us on Facebook - then post your business to our wall, and we'll pimp you in our newsletter!
followed dear (:
100 followers yea buddy!!!!
:) MT : Heard a great #ROWE story today re: a former #Valspar colleague. Results are still the focus for Valspar finance!
Bob cats district champs😊👍⚾
This should be interesting 😁
Thanks to all 5 for all they have given us! My opinion: The best UK Team I have ever witnessed! Will miss you all!
Getting my $ right. Even if it's Sunday.
“: The awkward moment when your foots asleep and you're trying to walk.” -_- plz dnt remind me -_-
patience... -________-. May [;
I feel better just knowing he is not going to pass any bill that increases our deficits....Right
dang man, I'll be there tomorrow. Still a good way to spend a Friday night!
No, Same with me. My friend is still looking for #.net developers and I was going have you leave reqs. Good company.
“Only in the darkness can you see the stars."
I love The Notebook!!! It is an amazing movie! :)))
I'm bout to text u
have fun mate!!!! Cheer them on to a first game win.
Really good, we had our first meetup event this week and it went well. How about you?
Happy Hump Day!
Cameroon opposition parties failed to capitalize on their gains in the 1990's, says Analyst Elali Effoe.
Single ladies join TAKE6 in DC for a day of empowerment. Abstinent single men share ur testimony! www.campaigntake6.com
ok I will definitely do that
Watched Desperate Landscapes last night and now I have a complex: don't wanna be a flora hoarder. I wish their theme song was Jungle Boogie.
Of course she is.
merry Christmas doll!
OPEN CALL every Thursday from 2-3 pm. You can email submissions to .
where do i go to see it...
Do your best impression of Bob's statue.
AGREED! Let's find a time to catch up during #DisneySMMoms, I'd LOVE that!
#HardRockRising 4 local bands playing tonight at the One band wins and moves on to try and win the chance to play in London.
If only knew how much I love and wanna meet him
I friggin hate school.
