Nice pic. Love those pups!
I can't imagine not being with you. Hopefully I'll never know what it feels like.
thanks for the heads up on "the Actors Club." stupid #ScamArtists trying to rip off #Actors trying to make it in Hollywood
enjoy ya day at wrk & ill link up wit ya wen tu' qet off :D
#fridayreads Can you Keep a Secret by Sophie Kinsella. I have the feeling I'm going to be reading fluff and unicorns for a while
Depends on the Texas weather!! One day iced, next day maybe hot! Love you!!
It never ends....it only begins again & again.
This one time, my legs fell asleep and I stood up to get water and promptly hit the floor. May have been *just now*
Thanks for RTs:
Gonna be a crazy busy night!!! Jeo's bachelor party, Scotty's last weekend in town, and b-day at Mojito bar!!!
i need a life reboot.
to be honest I don't even know if I knew anything about it lol. But I'll be there :)
Good for you ": i ♥ yuu sophie !"
Do you think that there is someone better than me ... maybe, but do not forget that there is someone better than you ...
excellent. Just let me know when. I think there will be PLENTY to discuss!
I apologize to smokers, but I just hate coming home from a bar smelling like stale smoke. It makes me nauseated.
Yes the needed attitude for new altitudes ->
(: voting like crazy still(: text 1 to 22444
Yes, enjoy the 1-0 loss... RT : Happy Felix Day, Mariners fans!
My mom's on Twitter. Welcome
Love the Bats update. RT : Todd Frazier with a two RBI double to give the Bats a 2-0 lead in the first inning at Toledo.
some big time coaches... Kentucky and AM in today my man.
#rip Dick Clark
500-700 people at Oakland Main Library as #OccupyOakland regroups - along with a heavy police presence source Bay Area Indymedia
Awesome stop during penalty kill. Look even better from
LeBron needs to treat every late possession like 2009 Eastern Conference Finals Game 2
sorry if I'm spamming you! But please follow and I? Thanks lol :p
Avatar was excellent! It wasn't perfect, but I was glad put up with a somewhat cheesy plot to experience such an amazing universe.
Michael Bush singing the 7th inning stretch.
I don't like you you got more tweets than me sharise
Awesome episode. I particularly like the "buzz words" of 'obesity' and 'Falklands.'
Andrew aka has got your 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9pm. Come in and bask in his warming glow. Stay tuned for Beer Bingo...
How many titles does your roommate edit? Seems like every Marvel mag I read lately has her name on the masthead.
Minnesota: Rose Lake Minnesota
Are you the cousin of niall xx:)
good! How're you?!
yeah(: I'm puuuuurdy sure.
but I had like 20 assists!! I was like Rondo today. Lol
lol oh gosh Dana ..
Watching the Lakers with Mike Brown reminds me so much of the Cavs. Talent all over the floor with as much flow as my rapping skills
Lets Go
Who else besides me has a big bear brother like me one love
I'm probably the only one that doesn't like going to Walmart. Not sorry.
Homeless Boy Steals The Talent Show: via
is on twitter! Huzzah!
english or american??
Your welcome :)
I never get a day off. Not even Mother's Day. But I'm not complaining. The alternative - not having my kids - would be unbearable.
Refactoring party? Oh dear, I bet there are no tests either ...
I'm trapped on this bus. Is this what purgatory is like? For the record, the Island on #Lost wasn't purgatory either.
#romantic and #paranormal what and awesome combo
at penn brew u 2012. i might be an alcoholic.
happy to have you back!
may you please follow me!!
RT - Let this be a lesson to the New York Yankees, Miami Heat, New England Patriots having a All-Star team wont get ...
I can't even be on twitter right now because of all the people posting about the mint show. i'm depressed cuz i was lit. there yesterday
Thanks to good to know that this year’s Computers in Libraries hashtag is #CILDC not #CIL12 or
“: “: I've looked at dirty laundry and actually considered just throwing them away. #BachelorLife” ” Lawd!!!!
2011 in Review-2 pilots,in 2 mags, on 1 radio show, best actress nod,got a freelance Agent, 2off bway shows,great coach
Trying to find a guitarist, drummer and bassist is a lot harder than it looks. Sigh. There go my musical dreams.
LOL! Please tell ne when you are getting your own comedy special. Your tweets are why Twitter was created!
i've had a crush on maggie since she was Charlotte in Van Wilder, rise of Taj.
Man finally getting some good pics of m-theory. *sigh of relief*. Should b good for e-40 :)
You are coming to Fresno to play golf with me....right?
When two slow people walk right infront of you blocking the whole sidewalk
I bet those people at TMZ used to make fun of the cool kids while sitting at the nerds table during lunch when they were in high school.
are you heading to the pool this Memorial Day weekend? time for a great tan! all new ORGANIC formula delivers amazing reults! 857-8287
Im at this diner by work and it looks and feels like it was torn from the 50s including the waitresses
funny. Wonder if at some pt app burnout actually restricts people from making meaningful connections
good point.
- *cooks up some spagacon* <-- Yeah, that's what it's called.
Oh wow, I can't believe I forgot to tell you my most epic "Kentucky" moment from yesterday! Remind me tomorrow morning!
Went to 2 great parties today. One had a slip and slide and the other lots of weapons!
i need new cleats
Looking for outside sales staff-local /region/nationwide.
Holiday Surprise: Hollywood Is at Work
CMJ Concert Conundrum: Unknown Mortal Orchestra|Free Energy|Givers OR Pujol|Jacuzzi Boys|Turbo Fruits ?
We're dirtaay.
Thanks we are very excited to be apart of it.
so handsome!
What better way to beat the heat than with a cool shirt? www.esjaydesigns.com
Never give up! But I'm going to sleep so until tomorrow #1DtoOmaha love you all :)
That sucks!!
Was wondering about this. Is there no way to have 2 separate e-mail accounts setup? (e.g. my wife's and mine)
As East Coast native I couldn't be more excited! RT Impressive sourcing! RT First Dunkin' near us: Camp Pendleton.
Im working on waking up early. Just gotta get over these first few weeks.
I hope the asshole who kicked in, shattered and destroyed the news box at 24 Hr Fitness downtown dies a slow, painful death.
Apparently the only thing it's okay to insert in your ass in North Carolina is your head.
gonna have to borrow that one
i'll bring the stuff
tough loss today.
good NYE. i gotta head up to chi-town thurs. my grandfather passed yesterday. glad urs was good. u go to PHX?
welcome! Great class, provided some much needed new perspective for me and the assignments were very relevant and useful. :-)
Surrounded by powerful women leaders talking about broadband adoption & digital literacy at
": its ok ur a newbie LOL
Because I didn't catch the UP-W Metras in the last hour, I might as well catch these four trips of this hour, the 6p hour.
hahaha !! i knew you were going to say that but naw we'll see once you come back :D
- I know! Let's hatch some plans!
#UshouldNotBeEmbarressed By Your Clothes!
that would be so much better <3
RT Reality show about bloggers would be kind of awesome. Whoever's got the least page views hdlines gets kicked off
Lakers are getting beat on
Who said Street Lit. isn't worthy? Please stop, shut and check the NYTBSL.
“: What a night at #StarParty!!! Thank you for having us Minneapolis :)” <3<3
I'll be babysitting tonight. Watch them want to do crafts or take a walk while the game is on.
easy on the Lakers, I'm a fan..lol..
Are we all ready for question #1?
Okay… I'm hoping there's a little more than just bug fixes. :)
Thank you baby :-*
Welcome to Boulder can't wait for the show tonight!
Omw 2 class but I'm so sleepy!! Ugh 
Good Luck To The team in Dallas today!!! lets make it happen!!!!!! SOLAR CARPORTS! solar is hot!
Please notice me.. And thnx for making us #Believe, GREATEST IDOL.
I'm more tired than usual today. #Why?
hahahahaha I gotta tell you something
iSwap Faces is the most entertaining iPhone App I've played with in a while!!!
biz hours is for developer support, q&a type stuff. The platform is monitored for uptime 24x7. We carry pagers. ;)
Man I really want some tacos right now! Great way to start the day!
Hey, a temp job is still a job.
RT : RT : Cisco is kicking implementing Lithium's capabilities.
His plan was publicity from #sharktank his site is down, from traffic from all of us.
you're welcome :) and yeah lol you would need some
EOC test tomorrow
So the girl made pancakes by herself this AM, & can also reach bathroom sink w/o a stool. This what 5 looks like, apparently.
warm clothes!
im so sleepy now.. good night. Clinic Tomorrow at 8am..
November for the Diverse Energies anthology. 's Summer of the Mariposas in Oct. We have 5 books out now.
dear gods, i need a new portfolio website. and a new tumblr theme. stat.
To move or not to move that is the question?
Got interviewed by today about incentives for hotel guests skipping the housekeeping and being #GREEN, thanks My Fox!!
Neither have I.. RT I think imma go to a movie alone...something ive never done before!
fuck..i think i have a twitter crush.
lol in arkansas
EdVillage is back on Twitter! We look forward to engaging you in our work to improve education world-wide.
you and are perf together ☺
Don't even know...
I hope I get the hook up on tix as a member at the worx, never been, but for you HELL YEAH. DENVERS IT, YOU KNOW!
Thank you for the request Bob. Please check back for updates, as we will have a similar feature available soon. -Brianne
Can't for a new glee tomorrow
Come on Flyers.. If it wasn't for Bryz, the Flyers would be down 4-2. Flyers defense needs to step it up in the 2nd period! Go Flyers..
Any "celebs" on there that you just had no clue who they were?
That was our horse!!!! Forgot to bet!
I'm not picky, I have standards.
You're very welcome - I agree, beautiful!
I love you!:) HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!:) I know you and I have had our one time, but that's over!! I love you soo much!! <3333
u live on an air force base! Ah that means hellls and bells of sexyy guys! Send me one:)
Big chalk for Baylor tonight (-19.5)...the Bears haven't been this big a favorite since 12/22/2010 (-21.5 vs. San Diego)
wow! This video is extremely viral! Its all over facebook from everyone!
Wolf Larsen had taken to his bunk with one of his strange, splitting headaches
Is having a really #good #day and, #rainbowbuffalo #:) Cereal Bowles
fawn over Tebow all you want but don't bring Rodgers into it, makes you look like a fool. Rodgers has the ring
like the best thing ever...well, not really, but it's RIGHT up there :)
Finally Lebron James shaves his Jesus beard omg it was hideous
Hi! Had to leave early because I'm still getting over being sick, but DM me and hopefully we can connect?
Game tonight vs. Houston. Argentine showdown between Scola and Ginobili
have a good day
haha yah true if Daniel can make it with his luck I should be fine lol
Thanks for the Doyle column. Hadn't seen that.
so that's why u can't pay for a Brewers game, ur money is gambled away!
Congrats on finishing! Good luck with the defense -- I'm sure it will go well.
out here listening to !!!!
RT : BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins the Virginia Republican presidential primary. -RAS
You could be sitting on your toilet taking the biggest dump not knowing that is at your front door
We need beers and mallets.
Lauren Hill concert tonight with my lady
Never danced so much in one night! #bowltrain4ever and spins should be required listening.
so happy for all the praise your novel is getting btw
It's so weird! All of my clothes are shrinking. I can't figure it out.
CHAPLIN is already on Twitter!
Senate meeting at 4:30pm in Shiley Hall room 301! Larry Williams, DIr. of Athletics will be joining us!
Great meal at DW Bistro (Las Vegas) -- great food & service!! Highly recommend!! (Fort Apache between Russell & Sunset)
why on earth are we even allowed to pass people.. It scares the living crap outta me
Equity futures are lower and bonds are better on Wednesday morning as investors await key indicators on employment...
What are your awesome plans for tonight?
My latest story which was posted on April 22, is showing the date of April 18. It must be a glitch in the system. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Lucky Girl!!
Diabetes in dogs really stinks!My Lily has little energy and is blind from cataracts. She's still so cute!
I wish I can leave.lol
Supper pissed that my commuter jeans got a stain on them. Aren't these stain resistant??
Monday Mantra: "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Tryna plan the move for tonight but old girl keeps shooting down all my ideas...UGH
really liking jake owens!
i cant :/ my parents wont take me
RT : Lol bulls fans are happy the Heat lost. Shouldn't you be worried about elimination??
I take a video of it next time lol.
leaving Sunday so u should make it a point to get here before then sir :-)
Rosé, classic rock, manicures, Summer 2012 is off to an amazing start. Come home to us, !!
ha, nice! your totally right about #haircutseason. Need to chop it off before sleep away camp
Can't take it when I'm gone
Just got summoned for jury duty. In Minnesota.
Attending the DOE presentation on the Growth Model and our new A-F School Accountability Model.
Squarepusher - Unreal Square ♪♪
What is anti-father bias?
#Huguely waives his right to take the stand in his own defense.
draw something. You drew a star cat. But that is not an option.
Sophomore golden couple, SP and SD have been over for less than a week. She's already seeing other people. Hasty...
Looking forward to it.
RT : If you don't practice you don't deserve to win. -Andre Agassi.
Space Precinct was, pound for pound, better than any iteration of the Star Trek franchise.
U no we gon do it anyway so baby why we waitin
Live here at Hawthorne #Burgerville we have The Traveling Salesmen!! come on down and hang out with us
My timeline is a hilarious mix of people supportive of the President, people critical of the President, and Vidal Sassoon.
thanks for telling me and
I am not safe. As long as the number of 2-year-olds in my class continues to rise without a corresponding increase in aides, I'll kill you.
thank you soror!
Congrats on reaching a 1000!
Just got Home! : ) I need a day to Re-Coup : ) FABULOUS SHOW! Thanks to Everyone & the FHC Amazing Staff, your the Best : )
I love my bed 😍 Good night!
I love LL Cool J! Just felt like sharing.
lol I'll stop when you stop.
Sometimes I think he does it on purpose so that you'll spend time with him....
Congrats to #TeamKhleo member for finally meeting <3
"Barack Obama, is that a hoagie?" Only Maya Rudolph can make a worthy delivery of that line.
you got the motto lol
2nd half has begun. Crowd going wild!
I had forgotten how wonderful a #snowday can be!
RIGHT? I was like FUUUUU- -_-
running now
Nope, how about yours? Does your job suck?
Aortic Anatomy and Function video - Animation by Cal Shipley, MD Trial Image Inc.
fine be that way miss bracy 😥
dear sallie mae, you are lame. sincerely, chelsea
just mentioned 4-20 on and looked lost. Great start to my morning.
I wonder why clothing co. like RocaWear, Phat Farm, Sean John and others haven't come out with school uniforms??
FIRST LADIES!! THE NEW SAYING IS "APPLE PIE FACE" #JENN ‡-)
At The Snack Bar in Oxford, Mississippi drinking whiskey!
I fuck wit you .. namean , but that dont mean we best friends .
haha!! so HAPPPYYY last day today, WINTER BREAK STARTS!!
oh umm my dad got hit by a van on his motoecycle then the guy ran his leg over twice and broke the bone in front and
One fortune cookie instead of two in my Chinese delivery today. They're onto me.
fair; I'll be the first to admit I'm more ignorant of 's biography than I'd like. But I hope you can understand how
Did Jennifer Lopez and jessica on American Idol just have your shoes on? If not , they should have been. :)
We're serving a porchetta sandwich, but need suggestion for another braised meat, portable somthing-a-ruther. Help us, PLEASE!
In all seriousness, this is the secret to life: Whatever you is, be that.
interesting...thanks for the insights...
I think I usually am, except where V is concerned.
96,595 - Number of pages printed by my desktop printer without anything more than general upkeep.
Pretty sure that Bovada just reversed a bonus... check your statement
If life's a bitch.. And ur still a virgin.. U ain't livin bitch
Dan Schneider and his trolling will be the death of me.
<~ it says user doesn't exist when I click him
Yes, laughter would be good about now (and so would lemondrops).
a fuckin' am
Stuck wearing an angry birds bandaid. -_-
If you want a livable wage, cut up your credit cards. If you have to borrow to live, you're letting your boss off the hook.
sorry I missed saying "I love you " yesterday! .. "I love you" thats for yesterday too... :)
stomach problems almost gone...walking helps get rid of the pain...walking and more waling...did you walk today...
I'm ready for and to come on yay Feb 19th! Yes I heart the Kardashians.
love you so much!
PEGGY!!! Way to stand up for yourself!
the louder your motorcycle the bigger your....ego???
Just ran into our AWESOME property manager, Stuart. He said there are only 4 units left!!
Back from dinner break 4k8k 1k ante I'm sitting on 450k with 28 players left. Play down to 18 players tonight.
Hey Chris! Thanks for following.
Thnaks for the follow (y)
you're an education major too?!
Why did you just call me a dork? I hope you were flirting //;
I just found out there's a McDonalds in the city of Minneapolis I haven't visited. Wow. Are there other things I haven't done or don't know?
I love that Romney called gay marriage "a very tender and sensitive topic" today.
yea u the only one I think
I'm seeing a spooky in your future.
Am totally discombobulated by working from within the dept where the conference is being held. I know everything & nothing!
HRJOBBOARD.COM is hiring Consultants that will help our Job Board grow and help HR Professionals gain employment. Email:
I'll take anything at this point, the mute button is prob the best choice.
Thank you. I changed the permanent links. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Isnt it weird when u look at someones instagram that u werent following and u see a picture of yourself yeah it just happened omg
My sisterinlaw, avid antichoice RWNJ, wouldnt converse with her bro in private email about it, but she posted antichoice shit on his FB wall
Is it me or was every big time actress and actor on #friends makes me more obsessed with the show
whats wrong this time, the girl didnt want you ?
Ya no recuerdes
Let it be known that the plague does exist
Krazy #Klout says I am influential about #Dallas and #dogs Um, in real life this is not true!
Honey Badger, Honey Badger..Who you think you stopping? Stuck in my head thanks to
I may or may not be working with a broken knee.
Saw ICA's journey to the intersection of Dance & Draw. It's a strange neighborhood with many gems, and more than a few spacial oddities. Go!
yes, know her friends; stick a note in her lunch every know & then telling her your thinking about her.
@ in the article emotional reasoning is a negative for decisions; I think emotion can make lessons learned stick
have fun sweetie and be safe sorry I haven't been able to come out and support u but I love u and pls be safe.
HEY RILEY.. THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME... I FOLLOWED BACK.. SPREAD THE WORD.. FOLLOW MY PAGE I WANT TO REACH 1000. ONLY 400 MORE
Came back to the hotel to charge my phone but the power is out..great great great
LOL- RT : Fact: The Lakers have not won a second-round playoff series game since the departure of Adam Morrison.
Who wanna skip 's class with meh wensday? XD
"Write down why you want money"
yes. gaufregourmet at hotmail dot com. Or through our website. ;-)
Thanks for the retweets!
Random fact #11 He has a dog named angel!O:) FOLLOW ME
. those things u list as feminine strengths (nurturing/relationship stuff) that's flows from women being better at Mothering! :)
Heading off to the theatre, my friends. AMERICAN GRIND @ Lyric Hyperion in Silver Lake,California. Be there at 8p.m for this hilarous piece!
i g2g bye
Omg jus tried the Doritos taco.... it was AMAZING!!!
Apply! I'll talk to my manager.
Why was Candace Bergen chosen to play Cuddy's Mom on HOUSE? She's awful.
I watched it like 4 days ago… that movie was terrible… T_T
#FollowBackFriday on Deck
Check out this new site that Yahoo and Google are calling the next Facebook or Twitter. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
He said "balls" : i started two years ago processing my own matzo for "the balls"
a taste of your own medicine
lol i was about to be like dang!
there's one in every crowd, & its ususally me!
Yeah haha its on my back and my bra is killing me.
I enjoy your tweets. Real and True.
Loved tonight's Whitney Houston episode of
Brick walls are there not to stop you, but to see how badly you want something.
what??! Crazy!
ActorStuff: Please never post on any social network that your scene partner is stealing your laughs. Bad, bad, bad form.
Ok, Facebook is getting really annoying with all the likes for X, if you don't like X keep scrolling. Shut it, if I want to "like" I will.
FOLLOW ,ME PLIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSS
I probably only get like 3 hours of sleep a day now...lol
MT re 'the Supreme Court softball team just got an UPGRADE' // lets hope for no soft ball suits
omg omg omg omg thank you thank you thank you!
Reggie Bush is a DISASTER for any fantasy football team! Sigh.
That's how I picture my 1st career NFL catch looking.
I am ready!! I loved last weeks episode!! ": Who's ready for some #DuckDynasty tonight?! Who caught Uncle Si Living young ...
“ You can't help who you love, but you can help who you TRUST.”
no way! Awesome. Which night? ( I haven't looked at program yet. )
LOOKING FOR GOOD ACOUSTIC ACTS IN HOUSTON@ PLAY LIVE FOR US!!!
Ask the Attorneys Forum. May 18, 2012 7pm at Artists Boot Camp. Topic: Why Are Artists Broke? Panelist: Monique Gibson, Efrem Craig,...
Damn right. RT : You go girl. Speak your mind
"Like" this if you're having a lazy Sunday. (Bonus points if it's with Mama Pita.)
But it helps. Same old thing same old result. Insanity!
I saw it last night too! Thought it was really good!
Don't get discouraged when your team loses. Just try to think about something else!
yours is better!
don't I always lol
Leave it to a guy from NASA, to help start the turn around of the ASTROS.
juss talk to him (: stop being shy >.< haha
That's great. I'd love to know more. Are they k3-8? What's their enrollment? They have wait lists? Full of ?'s aren't I? :-)
Damnit I can't open these fruit snacks!
Lazy day after getting no sleep
ten days till Christmas! i'll be counting down everyday.
some one tweet me :(
I choose to be prived, not deprived. I just choose to think about how much Love I am privy to!
I concur.
RT : #FF the podcasts that help me survive my boring day job
hahahaha its true give me some initials.
Thanks for the great review, yes we do deliver: 305-573-4535. Order online from Fri-Sun and get 15% discount on your delivery
Usually the most time people think about having a #safe is when its too late...help me secure your funds!
Do they even make car-top pet carriers?
Our capital database has grown to over 800 vetted sources. We have access to senior debt sources, mezzanine sources, and equity investors.
Do I get bonus points if I act like I care?
haha it depends though..
Totally miss your cheese! Looking forward to seeing you next week at the open house. We definitely need 1:1, too!
I am also opposed to using the term "child-less". "childless" connotates something sad &....
Please contribute reasons to see the
Judas Priest Call James Durbin 'Idol' Cover 'Dream Come True'
looks good
happy birthday! Enjoy princess mode!!
Thanks! Fun post. I like to preach simple & direct words.
oh good god RT my mother has just been asked to work the tasting counter at a local winery
And the names they give to flavors are comical. Also, Stride's gum logo and name make me think it's a condom brand. Ha!
Happy Tuesday! Adding a couple new songs to our arsenal for Friday at The Grove in Elm Grove! Will we see you there? =)
Amazing feeling running the Chicago Marathon
I like my music real loud, real loud.
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: No college players use the phrase "face of the franchise"
you can live<3
there really should be a page in the yearbook called Alex's Ass
I wonder what it would be like without :L x
I'm sure it will be!!!
The Bible says that when words are many, sin is not absent! Some people need to heed that advice!
Had a great time w/ at their candidates luncheon. Now on my way to the NANC forum.
Bowing down to a great. His Film as a Subversive Art remains required reading. MT : Amos Vogel, 1921-2012. Simply the best.
Illbe biking by there in about ten minutes. Will investigate.
#kids Western Artists of America Closes at Pearce Museum at Pearce Civil War & Western Art Museum, Fri, May 11 6:30p: The Pearce Museum...
We canmake it work somehow
Where would you say that the wild things are?
that little boy probably just wants to play a game of dodge bat #DUH ;D
I love my clients. Cannot believe the outpouring of support, flowers, NetFlix & even a TV for my recovery. They really are family.
thanks boss man
Dude is where it's at... ya not following? GO,GO,GO!!
YOU DRIVIN ME WILD
i need get back on this twitter shit hard
yes, we hold the event every november. not set in stone yet, but it's looking like 2nd weekend this year.
I've got to get up at 6:30 that's not sleeping in my friend
a possibly free trip to an MLS match...would you or people you know be interested?
RT Rally Haft Tir sq Protest right now.
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Wesley Peterson Jr ⁰Rising 5th ⁰Alexandria, VA ⁰Travel Team: Team Takeover ⁰Point Guard 5’1
many congrats to you and Can't wait for the housewarming party!
Is this your kitchen?
u has been tweeted at
You don't count on your dreams- Your dreams count on you
: Thanks for the tip! I'm planning on going indoor mountain biking later so that'll help w/preventing pain from that too.
Happy Valentine's Day <3 !
Yes !! Valentine love coming in ! (:
BEST? Rainbow Pho Express, most convenient and still very good Pho Kim Long (open 24hrs)
RT this if you're ready for the weekend!
ALLEN PLANO FRISCO ESPN2 COME PARTY WITH US #BlacklightPartyOct22 FOLLOW FOR MORE INFORMATION!!!!!
thank you for this!
aye it do go hard on the cool
#Imagine You bought new sunglasses and put them on. Niall:"I love them, but take them off, I want to see your beautiful eyes babe."
I just got soaked at work and it was not epic.
Ain't nothin like NY Deli food das fur damn sure.
follow and please :D x39
October 1, 1961 - Roger Maris hits his 61st home run against Boston's Tracy Stallard, in the Yankees last game of the regular season.
Loving all the Nike US Open outfits tonight. Especially the ladies.
Our new doggie Dixie had a great appt today at the best vet in S. Philly, Get your animals over to Dr. Cori today!
#Cher is amazing becuz she's Cher! Imperfectly Perfect. Follow that bitches! <3
Anyone know why iMac would be unable to detect a Canon XHA1? Apple store employees just spent an hour trying to make it work & couldn't
I actually have not. Can you please link it to me if available online?
Anytime, dude.
i do lol
Looking forward to discussing my race against Joe Barton with everyone here in the Twitter-verse!
What's with all the duplicate messages tonight? Someone please help!!!
Congrats Richard!
I like chocolate cake.... oh im going to put my birthday cupcakes pics up on twitipc so hold on. They are going to be fantastic
my kids love that song. They don't know what it means either.
happy birthday! One year in busyness and many more to come!
Sometimes I feel like you guys should just hug it out!
give me pizza or give me death!
but I love you more!
Girl Next Door - A Pole Dance Soiree Tomorrow! Don't miss it, we'll all be doing Halloween themed performances!!
> everyone else
Hell has no fury like a conniving bitch
Quite a line for the flu shot -glad the line moved fast
we were like the Chucky Cheese animatronic Bear Band
What the fuck is this @ symbol hashtag shit, is everything not just scanned & public access? Yeah... dont see me caring enough to understand
We just had a Journey moment.
But you are going into surgery. That's how I feel every time I have a reading. Those who know will turn your play into pieces
no that's an old pic! I'm in a hospital guarding a guy for work
yeahness! Super nice chapter with great talent, drawing from all over TX
Thanks , , , , for your support of
Early birdd get the worm
5 Weeks #glutenfree and feeling great! Thanks to all the companies and people who help make it "easy" too many to Using my RD skills!
Excited to hit up the Book Thing and the Book Bank this weekend! Time to stock up the read-aloud library!
Feeling rejuvenated. Thanks
Early Saturday morning rising to finish my catalog photobook for emerging designer contest.
A good friend knows all your best stories, a best friend has lived them With you
Real Talk!
unveiling one of my halloween costumes this weekend
I hate it when girls think way to much of themselves.
hell yeah
“: Wow! Sen. Enzi on Senate Floor: discusses his amendment to index gas tax with inflation, calls it "a minimal step" #transit wow
Local ATL artists and theatre buffs,please go see "A Song For Coretta" @ The Company Acting Studio Theatre Midtown, Opens Feb 3!
Hold up..NBA rejects the Chris Paul trade!? WHAAT! I forgot they OWN the Hornets..
I love reading Luna quotes, and then saying them in a dreamy Luna voice.
if u cant stand me haveing friends that are guys then u have trust issues
Do you think Neymar is going to be a better player than Messi?
is the recipe for the pumpkin spice marshmallows forthcoming? They sound *amazing*! :)
I can do ANYTHING! Except fold a fitted sheet, I'll never be able to do that.
Good luck to my cousin Holmes Laughon and his Lacrosse Team tonight
RT Looking forward to a full day of #Papervision3D goodness by the masters themselves
Congratulations on the hiring of as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
As of now I don't give 2 fucks
Brushing my teeth now. I wouldn't be able sleep if I didn't.
She talking about a relationship time too go
you're in the wrong species...happens, we are human
RT All levels must be involved in social media, from CEO to intern. How you react is your brand, not your logo
Are you white-fanging me?
Well asked Jeff!
your face is perfect.. It's not fair :p
so who wants to see some work from CSNW & Big KRIT this Summer???
Amazing day at aksarben & downtown today ! <3 rehersal at 630 & then cassy's spending the night!
I know right!!!
Blah sad episode of
RT still learning how to use Twitter. Thank you! Had so much fun there!!!!
I just read your post about your kiddo's hearing odyssey and I am so sorry. I hope you get your answers.
Thought process is focused on building solutions and systems, rather than just new servers.
well done.
Presumptive to claim it now, but it'll become clear where Madison's Hardest Trivia happens. The onslaught starts tonight 9pm
Sexy people go to the gym thanksgiving morning. Week 4 Mommy Bootcamp. See you girls 8AM tomorrow!
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I respond to it.
Well, I was going to try Instagram since the Android version is out but now they're a Facebook feature. Too bad.
Don't thing so
Naturally they put the TV right in front of me on WSOP, when Im DVRing to watch when I get home.
#ThingsMyExSaidBeforeWeBrokeUp "You're beautiful, and cute, and funny, and pretty, and I love you."
"Liberal" style of course.
ATTN: all unsigned singers,dancers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
I think Andrew Luck will probably win but I'll be cheering 4 Kellen Moore RT who's your preseason Heisman pick this year
Happy Mothers day doll enjoy your day!!! ☺
Giants fans are happy that the Pats held on!
: I never moved ms lol
are in Orlando at the Fun in the Sun line dance workshop for the weekend.
I Love The Reawakening Show
Long time no tweet eh?
I doubt if Fort Knox will ever have a "Road work complete" sign.
wait 1 question u look so stupid to:
Also, I may have been made cynical by my experience trying to get on World of Warcraft when the 1st 2 expansions came out
We call it like we see it ; )
Boo! RT Today is Bowdler's Day. 'Bowdlerize' means to remove parts of a text considered offensive, vulgar or otherwise unseemly.
hey boo boo
Found Lebanese Taverna Cafe in Annapolis! So pleased!
I will forward the email.
android sucks!
Oh please don't show the former downfall of the Pacers right when we're rising again! #ForUsPacerFans #Please?
...Hello, Des Moines.
you have no idea roll tide. I am about to put my bans jersey on and pop in kari jobe cd in
#Goodmorning! Another day another dollar.... So rise & Grind people!
im so tired. I just want to go to sleep
Glad you liked it! :) RT: That Banana Harvest granola bar by Sunbelt I just ate, um, gave me new life!!!!!
3 super hot .Net Developer roles in South Jersey. 3 different clients, which means 3 different interviews. #asp.net #SQL #…http://
Filming an NBC Summer Olympics promo today. Currently watching someone steam a Canadian flag.
I try to look like a grown woman but it doesn't work“: just accepted it.I see you looking 21 on ya Skype profile pic”
ha don't worry, youll be just as famous ;)
WHAT IS THE MOST BIZARE COMMERCIAL YOU GUYS HAV EVER DONE?
Dude, do you have any teeth?
I am too. cause now I want some. LMFAO
Mercury Falls with Melissa! #amazing <3
she's 18. Legal and barely dressed.Seriously her ass is hanging out of that tiny skirt Her mom is out there taking pics w/ her
thank you!
1k years in the future they'll study the 2000's "why did they call them smartphones?"... i think because they thought it made them smarter
Love twitter! Not alone, even when alone!
Happy Mothers Day to the one that stepped up! #ILoveYouStepMommy Thank u So Much...
Checking at to give their swanky new shared workspaces a try!
I've used in place of EVOO MT : #GZtips Grapeseed Oil is one of the lighter, more neutral oils. It works well as a finishing agent...
Or dirty pants. Hahahaha
RT Dave and buster hopefully.. sound fun I may try to make that happen too
If it's a yellow line track problem, where are the blue line trains at the pentagon!?
they are missing out on the fun lol
and their song 'up all night' is my ring tone.
Work got me tired as hell, but the grind never stops.
This lineup for Indy was equivalent to Vogel pointing to his balls.
Rise and Shine, back to the grind, July on my mind.
New Theory: The disks they throw in Tron are actually the extra AOL CDs that were never used.<------ lol!!
Did my mom just call me queen frostine?
Send DeAndre home!!!
You guys are so fucking frustrating!!
bro nobody wants to play for money lol were is derrick?
The sounds of Keane to send me off for the night :)
any time!
#artsummit Last lunch at World Summit means a lot to me, happy anniversary my love!
#Manning got a gleam in his eye when talking about Demariyus Thomas. Hasn't had a WR with that potential in some time
Apparently #ourtime should be the #Sportingkc logo
Are you trying to be ironic?
Go to mall! or go for a walk or run or see some fam & friends or bring me so LUNCH :) lol
Love getting lost in my own dreams.
Just got my google voice invite.
HOAS "Meet & Greet" - such a big team on board! Almost compares to the massiveness that was the Ring!
Can't feel the pain, like NOVACANE ♥
I've got a Texas upset over Cincy in my bracket, so I'm with you on this one.
My girl's twitter notiffs on my phone <
Boo. Shame on Fox for considering Sean Payton
People are strange.. So am I so
I hadn't! Hilarious though!
and also, I'm pretty far north and this is one of the first days I've worn shorts this year.
no that easy! why i think it shouldn't be allowed to be available in public libraries....
- Everything Larry Merchant says is crazy !
Thanks for the RTs, much appreciated!
have seen anywhere from 10-40% on avg Clicks > Sessions, many variables as to why, bad tagging, bounces, bad trafficking, etc
Driving thru the transformers set. Lame.
ANYTHING I can do to help YOU and FIGHT the cancer fight my brother!!!! :)
so great to see Meg from today at Doggie Dash. Way cool...
it's pamn like comb
I REALLY LIKE you :) heheheh even though you don't have twitter to read this XD
Ew. Im already all sweaty. Thanks to my mom for not wanting to give me a ride -.- love you!
- We've got it easy! Think of the poor bastards at the show who can only watch 1 at a time! :D
2-4 inches of snow today? Really? Oh the joys of living in the snow belt.
thank you. Expectations & players responded
#TellMeWhy their are bullies in schools I'm tired of it I was bullied but I stood up for my self but Ik kids who can't so
How confused do you think the MLB guys are when they see their names in these tweets?
ightttttt I got chu. I probably won't see her till later but ill let her know then about the both of ya :)
Well that is a bummer :-(
That is #creepin #creepy :)
Uh... RT : RT :UpToDate has wonderful info for pts--I use it constantly!
In the learning track at Eo GLC w/ Great facilitator and leader. Love EO.
thx for the shout out, hope all is well, keep up the good work
Fantastic! RT : My #fridayreads are Barry Hannah's LONG, LAST, HAPPY & Robbe-Grillet's WHY I LOVE BARTHES. Both are hilarious.
Great Packer win tonight.
Celebrating my birthday at Cirque du Soleil- Iris!
I follow who retweeted that. But you have no reason to believe me.
then move to Portland and be my boyfriend
Back To The Future♥.
#STAYSTRONG I KNOW ITS HARD (AHH.. I LOVE YOU)
hate when your super excited for something and everything goes wrong.
Crud. Gonna write this day off. Missed my bus by a few seconds and the whole day's thrown. Back to sleep!
Beautiful look! You look amazing!
#c21nonhuman this collection seems to have the same bad sound as Tim Morton's--a double-echo + distortion.
Yeah. Putting all that personal info on there is crazy. If they're really your friends they should already have that info!
Yum. Nothing like having a classically trained chef in the kitchen. The menu at Barrel 44 is so tasty, you have to keep coming back.
shit got weird this morning. I got a ride to my car in an ice truck and an hour and a half late to work.
I want a kiss...
When did catching up on my TV feel like a chore?
Someone should make a twitter account for Robert DeNiro's mole, and the first post should be: You lookin' at me?
Don't commit to NOT going. Commit to getting past the anxiety & then plan a trip to celebrate your success!
Lakers getting absolutely run out of the gym
"Red, yellow honey, sassafras and moonshine..." Laura Nyro at last in R&R Hall of Fame! (Thx )
working on an insane east v west coast hip hop battle w/ Hot97 and Power106 during SXSW. Would love to send you more info!
Grrrr!!!!! I can't figure out what to write for my language arts poem! This is really hard! :'(
My office is basically right next door on Broadway. Area is not that bad...
2011.08.15 #Brewers 3 #Dodgers 0 | Double plays abound / throw in a rare triple play / in defensive gem.
More a tip than a stipulation. Workshops often entail downloading software, sessions entail taking notes, etc. Real work.
Hahah yeah. Blinzler asked if we were gonna wear it to school like you did.
I retract my last tweet. I have no idea how I missed the Kipnis AB
I heart analogue parking meters!
more funk than fun....lots of mites and allergens!
bummer you couldn't make it man...
that blessed me today sir.
Elder Scrolls Online Faction Profile: Aldmeri Dominion During the second era, in a time before any previous Elder Scrolls game, th
The debts of poker players like Phil Ivey, David Benyamine, Erick Lindgren Full Tilt Poker and Groupe Bernard Tapie,
Do you know if the MINI Coopers will be coming out for a night this summer? We always look forward to it!
Major shout out to and for making Moviemaker Mag Top 10 best podcasts. Awesomesauce.
#Lehigh's first tournament win, and it's against 4-time national champion #Duke? Not bad.
Apparently chivalry isnt completely dead.
sorry, done.
The 7pm screening of "Sophomore" Friday is SOLD OUT. There will be a second screening Friday night at 10pm.
working at the dining room table today because my office is super cold.
Honestly just wanna thank for running those laps with me, even though she shouldn't have had to.
Extra veggies pleAse and thank you!
meet flook at your party?
"Know what you offer that warrants 1/8 of someone else's workday. If you dont know, don't bother asking to meet."
ight bra I will
Follow Friday and , cool colleagues in twitterland
A #Golfer called 1 of the caddies & asked, “I need a caddy who can count & keep the score..." Read this #Joke @ Http://ICUGolfStories.com
who cares if matt isnt playin great, never does in april. Atleast his wife is hot. Our teamwife lookability went up 98%
HoeLies #71: I went to college for an education.
Details. I'll be waiting for details :)
Day late and a dollar short, that was last night!?!?! :P jk. Np Good job, Keep up the good work.
All I want to do is read the new Alison Bechdel book and drink and pet cats. That's it.
one of the film's themes is greed so just in time for the holidays, haha.
RT : All these damn foreigners better start learning English right now so they can tell us how bad ass we are after we win
I sure could use a bladdy mary right about now!
no release date yet. But If I had to guess, I'd say before the end of February!
DID U GO TO THE PARTY?
Mechanically separated chicken FTW
I dnt use dis twitter as much go follow my otha one
Another fun day for ND football....
you were in China, right? Let's get together soon...would love to hear about it
#NP "Marvin's Room" #Drake on #Blast at the gym #sweating. :) show tonight at "secret lounge" 8pm. GM
yes! Love shellac! I was going to try the place goes to at Dimond and Jewel Lake...
Gosh you look so good...., I can't wait for this album I know you gon do a little minnie photoshoot for the album book
I feel like I'm playing "fashion model" because I'm dressing up my little cousin in different outfits and taking pics of her ! So cute. Lol
#ThingsIwantTheMost To Meet The Crew😔
I shouldnt be an option, I should be a priority. I'm so tired of this.
Torturing with Canadian music from the 90s.
ha, you only have 30 days. I dont think either of you are going Christian Bale in the Machinist diet.
Anybody know what happening in the Bama vs. Tech game?
I'm worried! Cuz its not just him! I dont want my friends gettin hurt! :/
Ha... That's how I end up w/47 different versions of a file! #horribleclients "Can you change it back to 2 versions ago?"
Truth is always strange; stranger than fiction.
I apologize but idr if I ever found out your bday? Just wondering cause when you said end of April, it reminded me that mine's
It is not coincidence that Blue + Gold = Green. Luck is always on #mubb 's side! Happy St. Patty's day
POTUS is here and the freeway is on lockdown!
I don't care what you had for lunch.
After last night's insanity I'm beyond stoked for tonight's game!!! Go Cards
omg be over here NOW!! lol
That which offends the ear will not easily gain admission to the mind. -Quintilian
Even non-Nevada residents can use the laws of Nevada to improve their estate plans.
Er, that link goes to a page of camera/ photography tips and info.
I saved Latin. What did you ever do?
Much love right back....wait what do I be knowing???
Happy Holidays from the Judy's Book Team!
daily buts all in Gods plans not ours just brings us closer to paradise
#Dollywood in the morning!! Cant wait! Danika's 1st time! She is so excited! :)
True Fact RT : Election year FACT: No team has ever lost the NFC championship and gone on to win the Super Bowl
In the UK, 16% of all crime reported is domestic violence. 77% of the victims are women.
So many Dominicans in one household. Kill me.
Wow, that was kind of a rant... Guess I'm upset about something... Tho its not the Bitch in Apt 23s fault... I'm in
it's national kiss day.. where's my kiss?
Found a real serene place to play tennis in Singapore. Definitely gonna do it more often.
chilling when you going back to ruston
EP drops at midnight. Get stoked. We have a few surprises in there for you.
Readers reflect on the season of gratitude We are thankful - especially this year - for family. First, for our adorable, immensely bright
What will the hashtag be for ACRL 2013 Conference? Do you know yet? I don't see it in your Twitter feed.
Life is like a box of chocolates - full of nuts, but an occasional cherry here/there....
Good intention is not good enough
2 weeks away from Ken-Ya Dance SoCal. So excited to be on stage again with
This show is so inspirational Ru!! Love every season :)
Just another reminder, my Twitter handle will be changing this week to "The Wine Key." More info to come! Cheers.
“: happy anniversary!!!! ” Thanks man, are you coming in tomm?
Young and the restless too right? HahaRT : Is it odd that I look forward to #basketballwives &amp; #mobwives on a weekly basis
Congratulations on the great news!! What a life your child will experience. All the best to you and yours!
Omfg. How could I forget those embarrassing moments..I'M SO CRAZY UNDER PRESSURE I SWEAR. And when I was talking to him, I was so
Its so hard to not buy one of everything during my shift
"When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned."
RE: Me Mixing Jazz - Thanks for the RT!
#boybyenotwiththem hub cap ass spinners!
Coloured my cat pink and the piano pink cause i'm God
MobilityWorks Expands to Twenty Locations in Twelve States with ...
Considering I was just in Louisiana last weekend, I'm not proud to have bought andouille at Sun Fresh today.
The angels sang a whiskey lullaby
Saw the Movie " Inception" lately and loved it. It's story is kinda in between the "Matrix" and "The 13th Floor".
#GirlsJustWantTo have fun
It's totally true. You can't be the "baptist in the wilderness" on twitter you have to speak TO someone!
Going to make a pernil (Puerto Rican roast pork) tomorrow. Marinating overnight!
The camera adds ten pounds. And it looks like you've eaten about 5 cameras.
what's a gag reflex?
Can't wait for Raunchy Love Letters reading on V-day Bring your own love letter or poem to read. Candy n condoms provided.
love Maxwell, D'Angelo
"I've never met anyone dying who is an atheist". Quote from Marge of Albuquerque 'Basket of Hope' of her former job in hospice.
I'm high now
When are Australians gonna get this message "There are sharks the size of buses in your waters, and they eat people!"
": CONGRATS to for 6 noms for awards! , , , Brian Satterwhite"
Excellent TD drive by the #Patriots....Welker's arm was definitely past the goal line
let's get together and brainstorm!!
yea but still
well you're samara not the girl from The Grudge so try
I love talking research! I also like sharing info on educational requirements & body of knowledge
A4: My wife has encouraged me to pursue my business goals and she's been a constant source of inspiration for everything I do!
HA!! Just made it bro. Your right tho. Haha. Check you later man.
of course it is. ):
Something smells fishy?, oh no wait its just MN Fishing opener weekend. Good luck to anybody fishing, if you cant fish, go out or cook one.
I heard on the radio this morning about an iPhone app called "Mercury Retrograde." I thought of your rant a couple months ago!
Getting stock tips from a drunken cowboy.
Meet The Heirs And Heiresses To The World's Oldest Billionaires via
thank you for prayer request for & rest of team on their mission trip to Brazil
i wanna watch a movie but i need to finish my homework :(
yooo ya hot miss u bye hahha
Clothing Heath Bar now for iPhone! Tired of ratty clothes? Clothing heath bar goes down every time you wash! Game-ify laundry!
SWAP into something a little more comfortable! for FREE!
Boston vs. Philly in 2 sports on the same day in adjacent arenas........christ
Wow some ppl have no shame!
Having large group of dealers in today for lunch presentation and dinner later! Should be fun!
ohh. he doesn't have it today. nvmd. but is it boring?
I has no gunz.
do a show in paris over the summer of '09
If humidity stays like this, it just might be Afro Day tomorrow.
thank u
Damn I need to be in da mall,right now is da perfect time to be roastin folks!.
Rogers SportsNet, I bet... The other one I know of is The Sports Network.
Good morning everyone...hope everyone has a wonderful day! Gotta get ready for work.
Nice first half!
Omg I love and and and and more:)
You make excellent points.
Thanks for using the #indystage hashtag, Scot! I long for the day when ours is used by as many as use #philastage!
We've got 50 miles to go!
The question of the day is, "Luke who?"
Craving reading some fiction right about NOW!
three strikes and and im closing the book.
*In New York* "Oh crap Im going to be late for the important meeting! TAXI! *gets in taxi* "Oh thank go- "WELCOME TO THE CASH CAB!" "Crap."
New sun dress
So, if Fashion Star is here now, does that mean we're living in the future?... Haha
"Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow."
By the way, what's the name of your band. I'd like 2listen & follow. Also, have you found any good hashtags for musicians?
#newthanksgivingsongs Gizzard Of Oz
Oh did you win an auction? What'd you win? Glad you had fun at Cook Off!
ihateit wen a girl trying to get a boy who's obvs taken :/
..you are more than welcome. Visit the site, register and be a part of the community!
Yea, Wiz boney than a mf.... Damn ain't nobody stepped up to feed that nigga some home cooked meals?
Damn, and to think I was complaining when they did away with the $2 drop kick ales. =)
Sometimes, the typo is truer than the correct word. I hereby nominate "forgivemess" for inclusion in the dictionary.
Tonight in not my night, heading to bed soon. <3 y'all!
Lol, no doubt coach!
tonight karaoke with Squirell...sing a song and get a free drink
Taking notes from you my friend!“: Congrats Chad! He's 1 of best in biz! RT & promoted at UW
m.... gonna make pork fried rice on my griddle tonight. Just like hibachi, right?!
I'm not from the #northwest, origonally, but the #oregon #ducks are definitely a #fun team to #cheer for.
imagine all the people living life in peace #johnlennon <3
It's on! You better bring your Depends.
lol youre the only Miranda i actually know
FYI: only 6-9 more hours left in the day.
OR WE COULD REVERSE THE GENDERS!
Follow Me kerberos704
"Having a camera doesn't make you a photographer. Like knowing WMYB doesn't make you a directioner."
Up and em! Running my first 10k race this morning. Trying to get prepped for #halfmarathon in a few weeks!!
Woo hoo! I just shared this link w/ alums from my book publishing grad program. Would LOVE to hear more about Writter.ly sometime.
Help get to 18k followers today! They are the best source for country music info so give 'em a follow!! :)
Is assessment a part of your strategic plan?
I see a quiet Don Draper retaliation coming. Watch out Megan
i hope not cause we all kno they sexii
Working way too early this morning, but at least "Invaders from Mars" is on. Constantly checking the back of my neck.
There's some weird people on Facebook
O we take Trent/Alshon. D we take Upshaw/Ingram & Im happy. If not we trade down to get Barron/OL late in 1st & picks. Thoughts?
LUOL DENG IS BACK, LADIES & GENTLEMEN!!!
Need to win .
I kind of miss Roy wilkins
And I appreciate both of you. #swapappreciateforlove!
Dang #NYC thanks to you, I had to pull the winter coat out of storage!
The cleaned-up website is nearly ready for relaunch...
Don't forget to use #free directories for increased rankings. Google still gives value to legitimate directory placement and many are free.
Please H&M no more Beckham undie commercials. I'm trying to enjoy my wings w blue cheese.
Everyone should go an follow
Hola amigos de ICDS! 10 more days until the October 15th deadline to apply for Spring Semester 2012. We hope to hear from you soon!
it's hilarious! Now it's thundering! Lol
I like that
oh, absolutely! I am definitely a devotee of the go-big-or-go-home camp.
"kayak for everything"
Imma make your body blast off, torpedo.
Now "Ayy Ladies" by Travis Porter is on Usher Pandora Playlist.....WTF!!!!!
it works both was sweetie.
great game
Despite the clouds I may still do
Well I'm out and subs for my dawgs tomorrow
Hahahaha I did they came like 15 mins after you left
watching my dogs run away from the Roomba is pretty frickin' funny
Boriquas!!!! Love michael buffer!
You know that sounds deuchey, yes?
One of the best events in sports.
My Gophers passion got the best of me tonight. Fiercely loyal.
House basketball competition and pizza? Yes, please!
A$AP Rocky! Fuck wit it
Do you think the OKC Thunder can win the Western Conference?
very real…!
ru going to germany
I'm new to Twitter.. trying to figure it out.
i told her & she says AWWW MY KASEY! hahaha girls! and thanks for telling her happy birthday! it made her happy!
Win a Chicken McNugget from FOX6 and McDonald's! Just tell us the highlight of your weekend. Email with your answer.
Aww that's sweet :) DM me so we can exchange #'s although mine hasn't changed....
#10ThingsIShouldHaveSaid I need you..
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will-Vincent
really jealous that I can't go out with you and and
Progress Is like life...it happens whether we're ready or not! What kinds of progress and reform are you prepared for? W.edreform.com
looking fly with a pup. Ascot style!
great seeing you tonight!!hope all is going great for you-and hope next time I'll have more time to hang! xox
carson thank u 4 followin me i never thot u would dude but u did u just dont no how happy it mak me wenu followed me
is genius! Marvel need to find the perfect character to get him in the MCU.
tell mr l I'm taking a test
hey guys. <3
If you were the AD at Arkansas would you fire Bobby Petrino?
nope, sorry I'm listening
DRESS AND TIGHTS DRESS AND TIGHTS AND I AM A HAPPY SPRING BEBE.
“:Piling shit on one sheet pan so you can't use the shelf above it on the speed rack #kitchenpetpeeves” oh this one fires me up! Lol
Love the issue that your working on and so active with. Where are you working now?
(delayed response, sorry) same location, different rooms, adjacent, so leaving one room means walking into the next
#Giants got this win comin up.... Lets get em!!!
lmao :-/ RT : Christina Milian's busy with work?! What is she doing?!?
With my BFF <3
i dont hate them
“: The best of friends don't let you do stupid things... alone. #truth”
is trying to get UStream going for the show tonight. Haha! If u know how to UStream, for the link go to his twitter!
Mila kunis has a stalker. That's it! No more meg episodes! It just got serious~
Or pray for your downfall RT #WelcometotheDMV where people get excited to watch you fail
what kind of tequila will you be drinking tomorrow?
women like ushers ex are really sorry excuses for Women..they really feel entitled to every cuz of marriage its sick
LifeSmarts team captain says competition was 'frightening': By SARAH HITE Members of the Dallas High School LifeSmarts team hold thei...
Now at 0730 Flo is ready to go outside. Kimi has been ready for an hour or more. Watch out birds, nere they come!
Finished the 1st book of Game of Thrones. Can't wait to start the second!
Love it!
Available tomorrow on Beatport: Angel Alanis-Funky Fresh! Remixes by George Centeno and Special Efx
#ThingsIHate when people come to my job asking me if I can open the gate after I closed.
thanks again for your help! I'm in a store!
RT : RT : 3 strikes rule. Per after 3 responses and someone wants to keep complaining, then take it...
Easier, just told people to follow you on twitter... lol
FCA Banquet with and !!
Send a pic so we can cry of happiness
I sometimes use mine as a foot rest. *hangs head in shame*
all except the last 1 yea damn near...but fuck it
I am feeling something I have never felt before. . . I just wish I could tell you how I really feel :\ <333
What? You love the
The game today >>>
OH GOD. NO.
There Ducks. Was that so hard? Good answer to a little adversity, UO back in control of the Civil War, 14-7.
Gotta keep believing if you wanna know for sure
DamnItsTrue-When a girl says "whatever", she really means: "I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!"
Please don't smile cause I c dark yellow smdh
You are most welcome & I wish you #MuchSuccess as well. Happy Sunday!
The last thing I RT'd made me laugh out loud for real, thanks to
Diversity is not about how we differ. Diversity is about embracing one another's uniqueness -Ola Joseph
Listening to Mindless Behavior early this morning. Yea I like Mindless Behavior. They make me feel so nostalgic.
HappyBirthDay wish you enjoy it♥☺
Hello New York!
I had a great birthday. Thanks everyone!
Stop playing hard to get.
would like to thank James Brown, Jarvis Cocker, Cyndi Lauper, Madonna, Prince, Sheila E and Turbo and Ozone for teaching her how to dance.
OH! LMFAO! That just makes it 10x funnier though...
Like the Celtics are any better.
this is better than watching the cavs and the nba
"You're a nut, You're crazy in the coconut." Must write my music history final paper on The Avalanches, Since I Left You.
Congratulations to the on 20 years! Thank you for your service and dedication!
This is really flippin great. I didn't expect a beautiful day that just begun already ruined.
40% American adults accessing internet through mobile phones
Can i support you shoe habits? The Question is, "Can you support my money habits?" Lol
True story!
I currently live outside of Denver. How about you?
I Do I Does I Am !
Morning ppl <3
Lol of course his best friend would text me RIGHT after he does.
where's a good spot to watch the championship game tonight?
Yes! And too #uppers ": anyone else feel as if #nerdland is the new saturday morning cartoons? #mustseetv"
How come we live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police?
Working on a travel logo, trying to find the right color.
“: I don't care if it's 4AM, I don't consider it tomorrow until i wake up.”
Wow - that's awesome! Congratulations!
Good stuff - I also don't like to talk in "marketing speak" but sometimes I have to remember who pays me :)
we're also on android!
I love planning weekend getaways with my boyfriend :) 😍
Why are things called infographics now? What? Were all previous graphics devoid of information?
does it really matter when you became a fan? To me, what matters is sticking through to the end
The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll. -Billy Joel
I'm so hungry it hurts. Holy crap. Too lazy to get up yet tho.
So far, so good ! The concierge was so helpful and she was very knowledgable about the local #jazz scene!
You can't influence an influencer unless you are an influencer. #prsms It's not a matter of pitching, it's being a part of it.
let's get it! Monday - it was packed this week by like, 7:10 btw. So much fun.
YES we so DO :)
Don’t forget your Right Hand next Wed 4.24 for Admin Professional's Day. Treat them to the amazing meal that they deserve
Sometimes I feel like im addicted to sex then other times I feel like its over-rated.........
Did you know that approximately 98% of all cases never go to trial? If civil litigation is what you are looking for, call us: 619.338.9500.
I am f'ing awesome. FYI. RT : hahaha nice F drop...thank you internet radio.
Wait on beat
it's always funny when some site posts "rare photos" online. so now there are 1,000,000,000 copies?
I dont want no Baby Mama, i want a Mother of OUR Children !
Please give me a warning...please give me a warning...
YMESYDT. You Miss Every Shot You Dont Take. That's my motto.
Im tired goin to bed night (:
not to worry, we had Dig handling all the phone lines....
- We provide your Hair & MakeUp & Wardrobe! All you bring is a thong, black mascara and false eyelashes! We do the rest!
guy was cursing out bwood, girl threw drink at him, he tried to attack her, entire senior class rushed him, cops threw him out
u play much?
Harry Styles' mum says Harry calls home at least five times every day when he's on the road
When people reply with one word answers<<<<<
TDJakes lost control of his church today to the Holy Spirit. Just finished. Sometimes God wants you at His place and time.
Your funny af I swear
lmao smh RT If a chick don't let u bust on her back/stomach/ass...she not the one
what is the point of having access to hathitrust digital library with fruitless "limited (search-only)" access?
Pretty. And pretty creepy at the same time. Make sure there are no congressmen lurking about...
In the waiting room at the doctors. The Newsweek here is from 2005. What's going on with Karl Rove you ask? Well let me tell you....
He has inside jokes with complete strangers
Stella just met her first humming bird
A person who has never made a mistake has never done anything.
I miss you so much! #MerryChristmas baby! :-*
The new product from Silly Bandz, the Silly Slapz Slap Watch is now on Twitter. Follow !
SPANKING NEW LASHMAN POSTER. Check it out at http://www.facebook.com/lashmanmovie and Retweet IT
Smile, its the second best thing you can do with your lips :)
Calling all followers! We are doing a survey to see what YOU want to see in our posts! More photos? Less daily history? Let us know!
I think I'm in love with Jayson Werth
The 1st goal by Arg. was given by the ref but the 2nd one was given by Mex :S
Focus 90% of your time on solutions and only 10% of your time on problems. ~Anthony D’Angelo
Alright pumpkin tits
that's why you were so upset on your bday, grad day, bday again, 4th of July, arbor day etc. when he didn't buy your food/ ...
Pray for London
I can't hardly wait! MT If Santorum bails, the next HuffPo livestream will be 3 hrs of me and on the Replacements.
asses that's cute
The great Cuban percussionist, Ignacio Berroa, with his quintet at Yoshis SF Monday Feb 1. A master of of all styles...con tremendo swing!
Taking my MIL on tour of Chicago chocolate shops today with Two chocolate junkies, coming through!
Found my oldest 78 yet today--Consejos of Sig. E. Franscisco on a 1901 Victor Monarch single-sided disc. At $1, cheap thrills!
6/12 8:35 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
Of course, if anyone answers that last tweet, I won't be able to see it...
Now those are some hot peppers gosh Damm!!!
Glad to connect. Have a great day!
We are open! Happy Memorial Day, Everyone!
lol na I never did it before, not much of a parade person haha
hahaha where are you? ?
great three boys are even better. I would like to friend you on Facebook. My name is Ronald Williams on fb. Canton mi.
Thanks! No it was just a photoshoot I did a few years ago for an art school. :)
. To become a better writer read more. May sound counterintuitive to some, yet it really works.
in twisted spoke
watching the ball pippitty pop, thud and bounce away from her. hee Hee!
Lately it seems if you play online even 10+ hours a week it's bound to. Who let the donks out? who, who, who?
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid you made a weird face when seeing the future
Of all the lessons I've learned from #TheWarriors, knowing 2 never trust a woman THAT eager to get u back to her place is prob most valuable
Make Up For Ever my favorite foundation as now. Fits true to my color
I love being with my husband in the 18 wheeler but I hate truck stops! They all look alike and they charge 10 times to much for everything.
Barring any technical difficulties, BUS for Trayvon Leaves at 6p, from Giant Supermarket on 33rd (near YMCA in Waverly)!
#WeWontWork if you're clingy! 😖
subway sounds so good right now.
RT if gonna watch E! for mindless behavior special countdown tmrw
Yiasas, are there a lot of twitter users in Athens? What is the social media scene like? Is Greece 5 years behind online media?
Springfield's #IPC will be hosting a Homeschool Basketball Tournament from 3/15 and 3/21, all day.
Happy Holidays and Happy New Year from all of us at the Celtic Quest!
RT : Guess we're not going to ask Natalie Portman about that piece of trash she made with Kutcher. /// lmfao
I never see you. -___-
If you haven't heard, I will be changing my #Twitter #handle to "The Wine Key" tomorrow! New business = matching twitter :)
If #Trayvon deserved to die so did I
My lust for streamlined workflows finally meets my obsession with helpful podcasts. Video peeps should check out www.workflowjunkies.com
I will b producing a variety/circus/Hawaiian-ish/Elvis Inspired show, a nod to Cirque du Soleil Fall '13. Stay tuned...:-)
Thank you LORD CrownCase! I was just crossing a busy street, iPhone flew out of my pocket than I accidentally kicked it & it didnt crack!
like lou rawls
Got some bad news everyone. I didn't win the Mega Millions...
Reflecting on some bizarre musical dreams these past two nights. Only bizarre b/c I didn't know my subcons. even knew that much.
Proverbs 28:26 He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered(KJV)...Trust in the Lord.
Something is not right if it's warmer in upstate New York than it is in Los Angeles right now.
its a sign! haha :)
lol I'm sorry. I'll see you tomorrow tho : )
Cheaper than coke or meth!
John Hadley USVP - I recommend the #vc job to everyone, (riff on ? About working-out during the biz day), very funny
I need coffee. Time to make that happen.
working on that cheek control
Am testing the "Robitussin'll fix ya right up" theory. Yuck.
Studying for my cataloging final exam will be so much more awesome now that I have a beer...I know it's 1pm, but it's 5 o'clock somewhere.
Watch out #NYC RT : One week until #MCC2012. Look out , I come fully armed with
Awesome! Yours is same an Angelina Jolie, that's awesomeness!
RT : "there are two kinds of ppl in this life: the ppl who lift and the ppl who lean" -Ella Wilcox
hahaha I was never playing. Lol have you been sending everybody your number?
Kush clouds lets float
The girl sitting next to me on the train is singing never say never :/
Really we draft a guy named smelley?!
I wish the Redwings didn't have so many good players
Just 9 more days, sfjjfsjf ugh hurry up. I miss
That you're too pretty? Oh my bad Aliyah. Come to mi casa to play 😘
Last scene, last day of the season. #Law and Order SVU
Defend less, see more.
So done with everything right now. Can't remember any lines for the stupid play, have a stupid paper to do and just I'm ready for summer
Life is like a disco no matter how the music changes you just keep on dancing. ~Jump the Broom movie
Justin bieber - "30 second sexual encounter" ??!! How is that even possible? What.a.loser.
#20thingsaboutme i have an irrational dream of living inside msg.
Thank you! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save on energy costs - WSBT-TV
FINS IN TOTAL CONTROL!!! JU up 20-4 with 8 min remaining!!!
<24 hours=too eager 24-48 hours=has potential >48 hours=high maintenance. it's a proven scientific formula.
hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!6
Why put OJ @ point, just because he did in the Soph game. Stupid don't change something that isn't broken.
You mean, besides wine itself?
while I am at it: & are all gorgeous too.
Q: Do you have a celeb doppelganger - who is it?!
A tornado just tore through the Dallas, TX area. The immediate images are wild.
Nick to Jeanne "hey mom do you want a shot?"
Okay someone help me put this bed back together PLEASE
Dude! Where did he come from? I'm a real fan today. Mad hustle points....
NASCAR needs a hot Asian women's league.
sorry just saw this....went to a house party then mad rose u?
Welcome to the family Nick Perry.
Saw that you were interested in #hungrychildren. You should follow and our efforts to fight
Stand-By Alert !! Experimental Shorts -- Saturday
FYI, the spelt cookies will be made in separate kitchen with separate equipment. gf kitchen will remain intact and uncontaminated.
I think I'm going to unfollow my sister
Thanks so much !
Foreign film store. LOL.
Don't forget to turn in to at wtnrradio.com at 2 today to listen to me talk about writing and play the oboe!
So Brays is scared of Devils not bears.
I'm really sorry.
I love the "I'm eating a cookie right now" I have a video of my niece talking,pausing, then say "I eating a brownie!" 
Gettin head while I'm readin, Call that facebook.
Hahaha I know you're not. I'm just joking. shfbsd I don't want to do the FLVS but they're going to kick me out if I don't. x(
Romney proposing 20% tax cut for all. To advocate for the idea, he took his a few years early.
