need a vacation sooner than later...#BurntOut!
The #1 song on this day in 1986 was Venus by Bananarama.
vying for title of "oldest" in American Archive: 1906 sound on CD vs 1936 on lacquer - creation or dub date?
People will be killing each other at auction for one of those Golden Opportunities in a few years.
Happy Birthday to my Baby Girl Bella! Seven years ago today my life changed forever. "No one loves you like your Daddy!"
Falk just entered the party to great applause.
Why does Barbara Corcoran always have conflicting information?
right?? I think I need BBQ or a big turkey leg to balance out all the sugar in this Easter candy!
: #TT (titillating Tue) You should follow and like on Facebook cause Matt & Jimbo are good peeps!
One word: Adele.
That you for the tweet Ryan, we really appreciate it. Hope all is well in San Antonio, I love the riverwalk there!
DM Hey Derak, how are you and the family? We had a great time in Georgia!!
Building an online #community ? will show you the cheaper, easier & faster #betterway for #socbiz.! Email
Played #Puzzlejuice - an iPad game designed by -- I was seriously addicted. A GOOD THING. :)
Did so much yard work that i'm bummed I didnt take a 'before picture'. Cleared up the rock piles, built new gardens & walls, extended paths…
thank you sir, you too!!
not really. Dinner with M'lady and probably do some work. Adult type shit.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
should be every Sunday!. Praying to God that he opens doors and rebelchurch gets their own building. With a rebel yell!!
so......... i just prayed fajir and i don't wanna sleep>:(
Prom on a boat?! #manoverbord!
RT : I used to hate eating my greens as a kid. For some reason they tasted worse than the other crayons.
finding myself doing work-related policy research (on a sunday!). this is about the last thing i thought would happen today/in my life/ever
i dont wanna get left behind again
Then again I also tend2think god isn't dead&that human morality is not a matter of patting ourselves on the back,me&Fredrick disagree a lot
I guess I'll be getting them next then.
lmao. he just called me with not-so-happy voice. hahaha. i win.
all I can do is fire em up. Would be fun to get on the pitch though!
If u wasn't born in LA and ur a fan yall should kill yall selfs rep ur home team rep ur city rep what made u. That's why I hate lame fans.
Sipping tea on the couch while 3 guys make me dinner. Happy Easter to me.
Grow up.
so, i wasn't sure whether or not to share this, but i did get an email this morning from that guy from last night...
Come to Tequila Blue in Royal Oak 11a! RT : having a #cincodemayo celebration while jammin out to
Heard of separation of religion and state? Related: stop pushing your values down my throat. I can make up my own mind, hank you!
Introducing whisk Reputation. Outsourced, professional Yelp feedback management and more... Are you in?
Chemistrys weird..not like school chemistry like real life chemistry.
New Allstar Weekend will release their new single Dance with Somebody on January 27th!
please I want this so bad for my girls it would make their life :-)
#turfcatslive Good luck Austin Turfcats in the SIFL championship tonight!
Lewis was vehement about the fact that the book wasn't allegory but literary allusion (however ham-fisted)
Wonderful day with the family
Pestano gets out of a two out bases loaded inning to keep the Tribe at a 2-0 lead heading into the bottom of the 8th.
: Track Nerd Trivia: which American invitational has produced the most sub-4 minute mile performances? Pre Classic, Track Town USA
Single point of failure: just failed.
nothing says "crazy" like a half shirt and trench coat.
don't recall any such thing of me losing
well u aint gotta add me....ill add you
why? no, seriously why?
Come on out to the Javits for the FAME show TODAY! Great NEW styles... Booth
Fromangs is the easiest and most boring class ever
You must think of all interviews like dates. It's not just about whether they like you, but whether you like them.
yeah, I think it was more about bad business practices--they grew so fast!--than a commentary about the fate of books.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for being such a good friend to the Beyhive!
Sleepless night i feel god gt alot in store for me And im waitin oh lord Move in my life w/bigger and better things Im claimin it in advance
I normally don't travel but it looks like this year I may be taking a few trips 😊🎉
Roy Hibbert. 16pts, 18rbds 5blks thus far. He's too much for Miami.
hey! I'm good how r u? And no but I'm thinking about making one
Thanks for stopping by, hope to see you soon!
From inside the house, I can't tell if that's a skunk or pot-smoker out in the alley. Let's go investigate.
Good job on your workout!
move tonight?
Make your plans to Join us tomorrow SATURDAY MARCH 19th 4a night full of beauty and sophistication! NO COVER all night!Please arrive early
Last Name Benjamin!
yay for sleep!
the day of Catherine's movie night lol
Maybe you are angry. Only because the way out is through love. And you are just horny and lonely. - hbd - white mike
You are both too kind And aren't we lucky to do what we love?
“No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if you’re playing a solo game, you’ll always lose out to a team” - R. Hoffman & B. Casnocha
Cool. Thanks. I'll check it out.
I didn't see it just heard about it. I'll have to catch the rerun
???? Civil War soldiers? Really??
lol I told you yo ass was crazy lol
As a treat I am watching the new harry potter. The funny part is that all the prospective hogwarts candidates in the audience. Imax baby
I have seen tea-length skirts a couple times this week... please don't come back in style, I am too short to rock that look.
time to get me a jose Lopez shirsey. Lol
Why r guys so confusing?!? :o
My GF and I will be there tomorrow, should we start shopping for a new car? ;)
Does anyone want to beat UNC today?
So excited for #Boyfriend!
So I hear. Setting it up is still on my todo list. #viscouscycle RT : is so f*cking amazing.
yeah it really is... its been tough on the family. and she has changed into a completely different person.
Thanks to the start-up mix, you guys are great.
Last night I got some sleep. Today I got the inbox down under 100. And I've got Tramadol. What else could a girl want?
i Love Big Sean (; Thats MY Baby ! i Swear SO BACK BACK
"mine" came on in the store. Shopping + dancing to Taylor in the isle like a boss! :')
I had a feeling you'd gravitate to that song.
That is so true! :)
Sad that the highlight of Oden's career was the release of his full-frontal photos. That's coming from a true fan too.
John Carter and Hunger Games :)
Police activity in the area of SE 119th & Powell. Reports of a shooting there.
Go #Boston #Bruins! We will celebrate on Wednesday!
Have Fun! Sounds a lot more warmer than PA!
lol. Nah. its okay.
Thanks Vincent!
It's funny how teachers think we care when we get in trouble. Smh.
You really had some good one, what a fun game!
RT : #5votes So Sacramento isn't known for being just a rest stop between SF and Tahoe!
I'm really excited to go to my first spring training game. march 4th brewers vs. giants
oh ok, let's go to Isaiah's and actually raise the goal up punk
no problem
Spring is here and I love it!!
She type nice
Happy hour 2-5 every night! 2.00 drafts and ¢.60 wings! Come drink some Fixed Gear!
i disliked Kottaras for Lucroy last night. Tough spot for Kottaras against a difficult pitcher,while Lucroy doubled in last Ab
Have you seen the ugly postcards in your mailbox sent by the Brooks team? Truth twisting at its finest! The truth is David has integrity!
No problem(: and if u want u can cutt my friend out LOL but if its ok then u can leave it like that(: hahaha(;
Save some for me! I'm coming down now!
Congrats got deserve it ;)
That left over spaghetti hit the spot
“: One week from today we rock Tidball's in Bowling Green with and !” hell yeah!
Guess what's under my shorts? NOTHING.
Wtf the music on my phone isn't working!!!!! There always has to be something that goes wrong!!!!
true that! Well thanks for checking us out man, we really appreciate it
i need more people following me
thinking of integrating yogatailor usage with fitness trackers. so many to choose though .help!
Directioners, one of our own took her life last night. Please keep her in your prayers. #RIPEira <3 x
Thanks for your blessings! :)
Getting pumped for the photoshoot with the Cincinnati Enquirer today! Article to come out either July 1st or 8th. Stay tuned!
This game reminds me of the Mia- Dallas series
2day we will b serving lunch in Cool Springs!7100 Commerce Way fm 11:15-1:30.We r parked in the back by the loading dock.Have a blessed day!
Booking car and room for my trip to TN marble Company. Rocks you throw - stones you sculpt.
There are only ten minutes in the life of a pear when it is perfect to eat.
A nice win! On to Canton...
stopped listening months ago.
Class 1 for individuals, intended for email
dude. when are we going to catch up? seriously...
Not yo nosy ass RT : Who tf is him RT : Him right now <<<
you work to hard!
I'm trying to do everything right to keep you
preciate the follow. Congrats on your new endeavours in Canton!
Yesterday I got the answer to one simple question which put everything in perspective for me!
what you think? Most people hate facebook's changes but I'm a loyal empathetic fan :D
and happy mom day to your mom.
I've never seen a tombstone that read: "Died from not forwarding that text to ten people.".
I would tweet something right now, but someone would get mad at me. So no.
Last tweet was a RT from Sorry mayne twitter cut my tweet off...smh
yeah right!
That would make Yuniesky Betancourt the Mr. Brainwash of baseball
This new girl to the team is going to mess everything up....
If you tell me what he looks like, I can accidentally trip him in front of a float, Angry Hulk
curling my hair and watching First Week In with then appts and class :(
tx for the offer. i'll ask to see if anyone here is interested. we've got several partners already in this space so not sure
what you tryna say huh
So, how come no one told me about portlandia?
i heard you yesterday dissing ja about his 3k copies but i feel that its just politics because sold 6k and that was hot
Great pod! Posted it on all sites!
Alright... 20-mile bike ride completed. Time to get back to work saving the world from the forces of evil and complacency!
#Skin care tip: Exfoliate daily.Use a delicate scrub. If u don't have 1 on hand, a tablespoon of sugar or oatmeal will work just fine.
RT : My next show in DC! Coming this Summer! Lion Witch and the Wardrobe! &
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going... it's as simple as that. -Earl Nightingale
Watching 'My Strange Addiction' ....and this guy likes to have sex with his car. Says his car likes it under the hood. That's unique.
Just got home from the Lindbergh Craft Fair and heading to Jerseyville, IL this coming Saturday.
you expect to see the players cry after a loss in the tourney, but besides Roy Williams I never saw a coach so choked up.... wow...
I think part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die.
PAC MAN FEVER
ya I might go down there for a couple day this week depends on work but if I do me u and Jeremy are Gna chill Forsure.
Miss you & your tweets too! Oh & btw, I get Tazo Black Ice Tea at Starbucks!!! :)) How have you been?
When you have God leading the way, NOTHING will get in your way!
Derby Day
The embarrassing moment when you lose your phone in your bag....
You're an odd man, Mister Kennedy.
Thanks! Feel free to RT! ;)
Happy Mothers Day to the two best moms I know. My mom and my wife. and Unfortunately they follow me on twitter
NO Alex was dming people and was not here -__-
Clockin' this game . Cant believe they let them come back
I'd be tearin their asses up right about now.
Shabbily dressed people checking each other out at QuikTrip at 1:00AM. Not a story- just documenting a terrible moment in time.
Hood Morning(<>)
Close your mouth and your legs, nothing good is coming out of either
Really debatin if i should even come back to work tomorow
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
Done w/ math don gota worry bout it!
#AlexiRamirez is awesome!
You can't compare this to a Steeler game, but if you could, it's like the 'Stee's blowing a 21-0 lead in the fourth quarter, right?
nice top down boy band tunes
did you go? I can do it
All of our cases are SPARKLING with all of this sunshine. It really is a pretty sight :)
I don't get it! Crazytalk!
BINGO! “: thats usually the offering - exclusive content leads to exclusive offers #smsportschat”
“: Listening to Iris by goo goo dolls.” -_- literally just started listening to it
My Favorite will ALWAYS be YOU Leslie !!!!!
the best agent ever!!
that's it! Damnit you just saved me a headache.
plz follow me :)
Bison stew with asparagus, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, onions, garlic, red peppers, Charisse's homemade chili powder.
It's a bad idea that we're driving in the same direction the storm chaser is pointing his camera, right?
Yes I agree too, on the more compassionate #DiNozzo and as well as Ziva. It's been awhile since I've seen Ziva open up. :)
#ICantStandPeople who start acting different cause they started hangout with someone new.
Thumbs up! RT Twitter can give you wings but be sure you use it to help others to fly x
I love you! You're awesome!
when someone blocks you but their still following you?..
#Pinterest is driving driving traffic and amplifying SEO.
Appliances aren&#39;t what they used to be: What to do if you have a lemon
I felt like I was in jail today.
Co-workers are bitching about a 5 cent increase in the vending machine. Where am I?
So far, AGT has been only moderately interesting. The guy with the stringed instrument was entertaining...
Girl fuck with me stumble on a gold mine
you're the man, Cole! We're back in CA, so hopefully we'll see you again soon.
the best synonym is cactus-porcus
"Sooner or later you will find out the truth & once you do...all hell will break lose"
Earn 4 times as much as you're making now with Dr. Wiggy's hair extensions! We train & supply! www.drwiggys.com or email
you forgot an "a"
I dont.. And I'm not dumb!! Stop hatin ;)
nahh..gotta start a #riot bih
AH, gaysians everywhere! I'm so tired of these people. So overrated.
Why are you so beautiful?(: #choppin'it(:
Trying to learn a video editing program called VideoStudio 11. Learned the hard way that you can't edit native video from a JVC camcorder.
Randy Lerner goes after winning a championship in a different way.
congrats to and whole team. using tilemill
Q: If you could only eat at one item off our menu for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
So happy for you, , and for Emory!
O. The OCLC WorldShare License Manager knowledge base is included in a WorldCat cataloging subscription.
Don't forget to sign up this weekend for a chance to win a free race entry- we're giving out 5 total prizes! W.indianamtb.com
We are extending the MayDay Coupon Code for today as well. Enter "MayDay" for $4.00 off your order.
i dont wanna get hurt so i never let myself fall in love with you but even then i still get hurt cuz i lose you
hey doesn't matter to me ... you're the one who suspected a booty call lol.
NUMBER 3 ANIMAL STYLE ON THE BURGER AND FRIES. ALSO, ORDER THE FRIES WELL-DONE.......i love in-n-out.
When yo girl get a hold of your phone its a wrap!
Fun weekend ahead!
What show were you talking about?I don't sell tickets direct but I usually can hit up the band and get them to get you some?
Please tweet your answer to this tweet with #trollintuesdays in it please! What's your favorite viral video?
"Baby I just wanna danncee,I don't really care" you ready?!?
My mother left 17 different balloons in my room. :)
LT. I mean you don't have to talk about me on fb, that's shallow, & if you think he's improved the economy then why are we even more in debt
Wish I got a chance to catch your show! Hopefully a 2nd leg!?
On shuto highway and light poles were swaying very strongly.
Thanks for being on our side. Keep up the support and the research. We need more men with your mind set.
Yes sir!
when u are a victim of domestic abuse how do u leave the altercation?
are you in the lobby?
" Ayo I'm tryin' to move up! But they got me stuck in the rut call it putt putt!!! "
RT : UPDATE: According to , investigators don't know George Zimmerman's location.
How many of you own a camera worth more then your car? In my case I own two. Not sure if thats a good thing or a bad thing????
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again
That was cool. For a second there I thought she was going to sing another song. She is awesome!
So excited!
Well, goodbye 4.0 I'll survive, but it was a nice ride. :).
re: Kupros...finally, a gastropub in Sac. Hope it pans out!
killin it in the both right now!! you next!
Girl you fly
So tell me now, where was fault in loving you with my whole heart..
Were so loud we need ear plugs!
WILL YOU CALL ME? WILL YOU TWEET ME? Food stamp tipster-need your help to fully develop the information--will not identify you to anyone
They’re only the band the Beatles could have been.
happy day to you my friend!
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT
That is most impressive. Right genre, right agent, awesome. Some genres are hard to nearly impossible to find agents :)
too funny about Call Me Maybe. I see a Rams sales team remake. Luke and I were doing our own version through Kansas this weekend.
No focus = a speaker who won't use live Tweet stream again. Why junk? Was it the talk being poor, or the audience being rude?
thats what she said.
Nope but glad to hear it:P
HERE WE ARE!!!! 370th TWEET! LET'S CELEBRATE!! :D
Best Press conf ever, cant Help but get so emotional hearin the Fight song
I could go for some Hooter wings tonight!
I talk a lot and I'm really loud
Truth is I'm going to start using that as a dramatic monologue for the lulz.
But most importantly Justin Bieber ;) >
Sad..... I really wanted to train tonight boohoo :(
Thank you to all of my new #Twitter followers. I'm excited to offer #advice, #TaxTips, and would love to work one-on-one with you!
how have u been??
So, rich ppl then MT What impresses me: Ppl who spend lots of time with family, take lots of vacations, have lots of experiences
Looking forward to the FaceTime tomorrow! Session looks interesting. You guys were great today!
Bout 2 go 2 sleep full and high...
Our own little #kanye moment? #TomCorbettDoesntCareAboutPennsylvaniaPeople?
I hope not. I like to think it's just an acquisition cleanup and not more widespread. Because I am an optimist
shits crazy. Did you party a lot in Oshkosh?
Daniel Heyman: Bearing Witness. Exhibit in Ruffin Gallery; Talk TONIGHT at the Caplin Pavilion, Law School, 5 - 6:30 pm
sounds like anne balsamo is giving a talk at #nehvectors right now that i'd love to be hearing
Behind your smile, I know there are sorrows.
I love your profile pic here.
It's Taco Tuesday at Lottie's! Roy's BBQ smoked fish tacos Happening Today.
#Walker thug threatened #wiunion Bob ://youtu.be/BgD_HoycD1M Custom heating & cooling 920-235-7263 He deserves a call.
My plans for tomorrow >>>
Thanks for the plug Lamont!! Hope you are doing well!
we already have some plans (: and if you go to Concordia hell I'm gonna love my life
Asked a kid on my softball team if he had any Grey Poupon while at a red light. He said "Grey Poupon What's that?" #kids #imNotThatOldRight?
Amazing dinner for 32 with La Fete at the Boston Athenaeum, drinks with friends, and the train well before last T. Brilliant.
and the front is packed! Industry Tuesday's my favorite day!
doing great. Hope you like the sites and products
Bed rest is probs the worst thing ever for my bank account, but my closet couldn't be happier!
Finals week is here. This week only all students get a 30 minute massage for $20! Call today to schedule your massage!
Snow again? Really? Is this a late April fool's joke?
Todya will be a success as long as i get passport photos.
Yes, very, very scary! How do you listen to a lot of hate radio?
A's need this win tonight!!
i sent another
If there's a proper name in the script, know who it is b4 auditioning. Google in waiting room. It will without a doubt impact how you read.
": Ew this bitch is addicted to drinking her pee." No way :D
hey DEX non ma page official Waterflow tu as Le lien?
All should check out 'That's Amore' amazing small Seattle cafe I play there this thurs 7-9 www.thatsamoreseattle.com
I keep it 100, I'll never need change
All eyes on me 8-D #jeep #topdown oh how I love my jeep
Both are classic "speed and fade" propositions.
it happens. I was allergic to California for almost two years. Hope yours is only pollen shock. Feel better.
On my way to get the hair done :)
yeah no I wouldn't block you LOL.
Do you think Shep Smith is packing his stuff into a box over at Fox right now?
#SMTips: Buy store brand or generic products. Many products are the exact same w/o the big brand name on it.
thanks alot now CAITLYN MAHONEY is mad at your dad because he just left us when its hard for me to walk in the 1st place
Listening to BTR missing my boys <33
lol maz saved it to his computer
Good morning peoples!
. briefs Franco Moretti's idea of "distant reading" & esp its ability to view world literature & noncanonical.
A very interesting thought. Very!
epti LOOKING AWESOME
received a phone call from my daddy this pm censuring me for using the eff-word on my fb. What u think @ that, Willis?
awesome! We loved it.
I already AMsubscribed to you yano :-)
Writing to this next record
you change your mind like a girl changes clothes... you pms like a beyotch I would know hot n ur your cold yes n ur no
Hey. How's it going? Staying out of trouble?
Sobe (Strawberry Daiquiri) is my new favorite drink!
RT : #sdcchi hackathon teams: the Noble Tree Cafe will be available anytime after 9pm. Come on by and hack all night!
...was looking for a nice family film to watch last night....rented "Mr. Penguin's Poppers" by accident. Oops.
God I hate cigarettes!!! So nasty! #gross Side note- #drumcorps is a trending topic! Bad ass!!!
Willy Wanka bars - giving away a golden ticket for a trip around the world.
Stay tuned for Blue Sky and Be In Love Again videos coming soon. Shot with Laura Calcaterra, Alicia Robbins, Joe Plonsky & Jill Michaels GO!
I wanna know
#SignsYourSonMightBeGay; he hates tits.
- thanks! I still feel like a Twittiot, but I'm learning :)
I hate how I have been a fan of 1D way before people in my school and they get tickets to the concert and I can't even get them. I'm pissed
A little pre-game warmup with girls at McDonalds
- month and a half, for me. good luck! It's kinda fun : )
only if you can guarantee a chuckling dog
Really enjoying the sunshine filled fall days here in Portland!
Well that's a relief.
My 1000th tweet goes out to all of my fans that have been supporting me. Thank you.
"If I ever have a son, I am naming him Dad." LOL
Absolutely hate the ten commercial
ok I totally see it now! Idk, it looks it!
It does work! I'd still wash in cold though :).
Took a pole to the dome.
They can't be worse then the previous 2 retards- I hope you know which I'm talking about. Can they?
For u muthafuckers that like to run and tell people shit about what I put on my Tweets can kiss my ass and stay off my nuts. Nuff said!
Glad to be home
#UnderSiege is on #AMC ....one of the few good Seagal movies
You know me, from the OLD me.
#killingfeelings BIG TIME today
Happy Easter!
Once again: if you have a question, put a ? in front of your tweet, and we'll do our best to get it in. Thanks!
Not once....I've always loved boys. The first one I ever kissed was "Guy Galloway" in the hallway on 25 whittier st. Roxbury Ma..round 1980
and what I meant, re: that Grantland article, was rushing both to the majors soon, given our current need for SP and 3B.
i got food, lots of food. You jelly?(;
“Occupy Bilderberg” – Alex Jones calls for thousands to protest ...
Heavy rains and thunderstorms today, and forecast for the rest of week. Made the call to head home and try again next week.
Hey Ladies.. If people on Twitter didn't know you had Kids until today.. You obviously don't spend enough time with yo Kids!
its going Down
dance classes for me!!! yes!
#OnceAUponTimeFINALE so overwhelmed already! ah
Followed!:D
Recruiting up in Palm Beach County tonight.
Why can't we use a portion of the toll road revenue for transit expansion and options? It's too easy to just keep on building roads.
#militarymonday shout out to: and so many others great peeps!
Thanks, looking forward to your tweets!
Sec of State, waiting in line to wait in line
Dear humans: just because I'm 31, female, and have a pukey stomach does not mean I am pregnant. But thanks for asking.
no, like local, sold by the local NBC affiliates (just had amfam, local Chevy, weac, etc)
wow... Really? You can do that? I feel like I've been gyped... and I can say that, being part gypo, myself...
Just chatted with the Phillipines - our offshore JF team! They are so sweet to us!
Dolphins, like Vikes last year took their QB WAY to early.
starships video= a whole lot of sex
I wonder how it feels to be that pretty skinny popular girl that you love :( </3
I'm not a sexist. It's just that sandwiches just taste 10x better when a woman makes them.
Some officers on street say # of protesters now at Capitol could be 35,000 to 40,000 or more.
Sick to my stomach...this would happen on my half day. Ugh...
Are you wasting precious time on things that do not matter with the people in your life that matter?
I don't really get on lol
Romney is not a moderate masquerading as a conservative. He is a radically right-wing authoritarian who once masqueraded as a centrist.
i didnt do it on purpose, i had class all day yesterday til 8 and hadn't eaten since the night before. I paid the price this morning
Hey thanks for follow, that is some car.
The MINI HEART ATTACK you have when U hit SEND & Then notices that the text is sending to the WRONG person...
Casey anthony not found guilty! What??!??!?
it was. and all together good fun.
Last panel chatted up importance of curation in the social world. This is key for all brands, not just fashion.
Excited to be playing Wed at 8pm with You will need reservations!
Wish it was socially acceptable to tell my family to shut the fuck up
Your welcome. What is your PokerStars Home Games club number? Invite code: ? Thanks.
People I Wanna Punch. Go. (Taylor)
I, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC !!!!
Im cold
Congrats to the Milwaukee Admirals for making the playoffs for the 10th season in a row! - rob
The whole community is still reeling from the #JuniorSeau news. It's the first thing that comes to my mind upon waking.
I Love Jordan Benker Because oh now its Breathe Carolina. I like this.
Chelsea you really had to win this match, now it's almost impossible to get up to top 4, you need to win Sunday FA cup, and must on 19th.
Never been more bored. 90 minute focus...
in some instances, students are also allowed to show pictures if it is for academic purposes & if you clear it first
die, blackberry bushes, die!!
If it's noon on Saturday, it's time eat lunch and watch last night's #RealTimeWithBillMaher on
Thank you! Everything Will Soon Begin!Follow me!
Good morning! Busy morning! That crash on 94 is no joke.
This Pandora station based on Air may be what I had been waiting for. Very soothing. Very Franch.
This Bulls-Thunder game is just getting silly. Kevin Durant is nearly unguardable.
Marketing my friend ;-)
I opend up a show for you in jacksonville (the childsupport song iam in the Atlanta area doing music get at me.
#Np never be the same
Look out water park!! We are on our way :)
such a crazy game!
I used to go in on those Choose Your Own Adventure books
let's fucking hope so.
Thank you it is relieving but also sad... I dont want to grow up haha
#OneWordThatDescribesMe... I will say: smile. What would you tell me?? Lol
Playing some ball at the gym. Gonna suck it up cuz its been a min since I shot,wit all this snow..txt it ninjas
RT : THE LION KING 3D opening this Friday at the Capitol. They did an amazing job bringing this classic into the 3rd dimension!
So True!
well aren't you fuckin fancy?!?
Completely Agree! #RushersWantJendallBack ;)
The strong Canadian dollar has ended the favorable exchange rate that Americans enjoyed when exhibiting north of the border.
Meeting w/ 's People w/ Parkinson's Advisory Council today and tomorrow. Excited to see everyone incl.
i don't think this day could get any worse.
I really enjoyed hearing speak to the #Fishers #GOP club at #ClaudeandAnnies tonight with
Ahh okay, thanks - doesn't sound worth doing.
Not sure how Boozer was called for a travel but Monroe took 4 steps and it was fine?
I'm about to steal her wallpaper...
Re-planting efforts in Zimbabwe (Google / The Standard ...
#futureendeavored ... you're crazy.
Just got out of work, just relaxin now
Woke up to see a spider crawling on the wall in my room #hesnolongerwithus #rip lol
green council member of the year goes to: #congrats #brickcity #westward reppin
The 2nd half has started.
i hope za stay sleep all night.
Vegan slice from 5pm-close tonight featuring !
Sometimes i still sit up at night and think...why do i still love you.?
Woke up feeling quite sexy,damn looked in the mirror and thought who is these fried bitches fonking about me 4? Its me and nt u. Trick!
Question of the day: At what point do "productivity tools" become tools of distraction?
Yeah, but he was willing to re-work his contract. That was mentioned 2 weeks ago. He loves our defensive front.
Woohoo can't wait til Sunday when I go to city walk......hope it doesn't rain tht whole day....
Just me, my horsey & a quart of beer.
That awkward moment when you realize your saying every single word of a cereal commercial...
Watching paranormal 2. Interesting stuff.
I did not call, I am responsible for talent at CyberStationUSA.com
I am so late but thank you for the love, Friday! :) I hope that all is WELL!
you FULLY made out with me last night!
:) haha, I know. Just giving you shit. Xoxo also- your mom's done a few jello shots already.
haha me too! He looks like the cutest pumpkin ever :P
thinking smore martini add vodka, godiva chocolate liqueur, top with a graham cracker rim
ah, getting punk'd ! #majorfangirling !!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! I probably would break down crying if I met him since he is such an inspiration in my life
It's FOX5 fight night. Pre-show live at 4 UFC on FOX at 5.
Michael Dell CEO of Dell started in the early days of Google+. He hosted Google+ hangouts from his living room!
thank you for the support
Girls night with and katelynserna was the bomb ! I love you ladies !
Noisy kids in church <<<<
Excited to see tonight! #Metals is already one of my top albums. Most of the others are from c. 1971, so that's saying something
Had a good time touring the offices of today. Keep your eyes peeled for our feature on Monday!
iPhone's were meant to be broken
and no matter how hard i try 2 divorce my memories of Johnson co IN abuse, i can't becasue the idiots keep coming back & repeating stupidity
My mom just told me nigger watermelon is the best..
Project Captured's Photo Booth for the Launch Party is going to be pretty awesome. ;)
I had that too.
Thanks for the RTs!
Psalm 23. Chills every time.
man lol you don't even know! I don't think teachers know when a female holds it she gets a yeast infection aha
Thanks to all who came out to the shows this weekend, We had a blast. Was good to see some old friends & also make some new.
Back in LA! *airkisskiss*
My knee is going to punch you in the face. Things says while getting Tuina.
well, well. who knew you had such an insightful read on GOP leadership thought process. silliness.
someone is always here on either Sat. or Sun., so she never goes more than a day alone.
oh right sorry, you know i haven't even had a chance to look, you can resend if you'd like
Just dumped my cable #TV service... Going All-Internet now... Thanks
Thanks ! You're too kind.
notice me?
These must be ACC refs
and others Is there any better way than a now 76 page .doc with highlights to organize my diss notes?
Santorum vows to break up 150,000 gay marriages nationwide, Gingrich calls Obama, not Santorum, a bigot one minute later.
I hate how motocross makes riders seem old... your ass is still young!!! happy Three Zero none the less!!
said, "i come to embarass yall rappers, I should run a marathon backwards, so I can see what 2nd place looks like"
Thankful for our fantastic team and our many talented community (and national) partners!
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. -Walter Winchell
living life, loving wife, dodging strife. Hows vmvare these days?
ugh at least your not stuck in Charlotte! Half of us got left here and stuck going to a different airport!
aw. That's so nice!!! Well you'll have to do it one day when you're not on lockdown lol
Where you at Mike?
just kidding! I would have done so much better than that!
with only a week to go buy your Tix to the Tejano Music Awards Music Awards.com
Wanna wish a very special birthday to the always beautiful !
What's your "Idea Worth Spreading"?
My goal is to get at least 60 followers by the end of the month(: Help Me! Thnx Guyzz, TiAmo<3
The streets of New York.
Here, here! I second that.
My father is actually half.
Off work early and now for some #PapaRoux with #OoMF Let the weekend begin!
&#9730; Buy USB DVR Tunr Your Computer into a DVR system Protect yourself
Oohhh and Pootie Tang does it again
colts steelers pats
need you to try out your 70-200mm on me this weekend. Want to try it with #pocketwizards ?
just listened to "Edge of Glory" for the 1st time in about 6 months and I have to say.. it blows any of Madonna's new songs out of the water
DailyHookahTip#134: Don't run water through your hose to clean it. The inside will corrode and then forever taste funny.
so I watched that video.. & I think I'm gonna pray for that boy. His facial expressions were priceless!
The epic fight between Loki and the Hulk was amazing!! Some might say it was a little too long but all in all it was awesome lol
I have an idea, how about we actually prepare for the Spanish #APTest that's in 4 weeks!!!
Cool! dude's pretty prolific: Buffy, the movie-turned-tv-show; Firefly, the tv-show-turned movie.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Serena Williams
I always get nervous when its not cutting my hair
oh yeah.
Had the best day with #dphie love my girls and was the best host
What a day!! NW boat Sports is blowing up!! I need HELP!!!
Why did I say Ok out loud to myself?
I noticed that when people say I've changed it's just because I've stopped living my life their way
will you marry me?
When I'm in relationship sometimes I get pissed bout stupid shit simply cause I no I can....
We are sensitive to the changing needs of #seniors, which is why we do not enter into long term contracts but prefer to remain flexible
I'm on the edge with you
No...off right now
where might i find your books?
Thanks for the re-tweet and fixing the @
A successful relationship requires falling in love many times, always with the same person, but deeper and deeper every time
From 6-figure banker to $30K-a-year butcher As a VP and senior private banker at J.P. Morgan Chase in Chicago, Terry Walsh was the point
With my love <3 enjoying my weekend with him... sadly he has to leave me tomorrow evening :( ily bay.
I loved my kids when they were little, but it's nothing compared to the way I love them as adults. Just sayin...
#20thingsaboutme 4. I wish some people had an off switch. That would be nice.
lol I did... i was on the hill last night and swear i saw you... but it was just another italiano
Taking your own advice>
I want a jeep!
#TheLuckyOne How 2 write a Nicholas Sparks film: 2 very different ppl fall in love, find out one's sick, design movie poster w/ them kissing
The Nutty Adjunct
Yes Even
Excited about what's to come in #D2L 4.0, but will it work in our self-hosted environment? We just want Intelligent Agents to work!
good my love, I try so too :)
Getting ready for a busy week of photo shoots and laughs!
congrats on the move to ucla... my lil sister was talking about it all day !
part 1 reunion
Thanks for the RT! Hopefully Sophie was a good girl this year.
Doing your own taxes is like an episode of Highlander. Romance may occur, but a decapitation is guaranteed. Wait, what was my point?
#YouHaveNoFriendsBecause you ask people to follow you but you dont follow back.
Rt It is not easy being green Support !!!!
graveyard shift is a great motivation killer....can't wait to get used to this schedule so I can get back to creating
RT : RT : Your leadership needs not reflect the era in which you started, but the era in which you currently exist
Thank you so much Linda, it is I who am honored to call you friend!
And I'm betting that there is a security or privacy setting that I'm missing that would at least filter friends posts to groups..
On the phone
Bring it son! Call me if you're serious!
Yeah, I just used the word "guuuuuurl." But it was in a tweet to , so it's okay.
The akward moment when you walk into the kmart bathroom & theres an old lady screaming for toilet paper.... America,, #yougottaloveit. L O L
done! thanks for the tip!
“: In Kansas , about to meet my former teammate/roommate its been a while #doubleshotespresso”-> welcome Baki!
also with this wedding sermon--I'm having trouble avoiding quotes from the Princess Bride.
Big glass of oj n its lights out for me again! 
hopefully you do! Would love to see you guys before you leave since the hob show was a fail to hang after haha
hi there:)!
Trunk Shows-Saturday, April 17, 10am to 5 pm. Representatives from Individualized Custom Shirts and Joseph Abboud are here to assist you.
Kenny's thing is everything
Lets do something about your Dry Scalp 2467 Wesley Chapel "A Cut Above" 404.454.1494 rita for your next appt.
tweet me when you are about to pass the door . I'll be waiting (:
Full Moon & The City!
thanks miss you tew
We like the hot fellas and we welcome the Hot Ladies!
Haha that's great! We can share geek stories at MLA if u r going
- thanks! No idea what will happen next...
cause had this idea but with men o' HMCPL but the year has more than 3 months...
So Call Me Maybee
meant the pediatrician is 1st natural contact for family.
My guard is up...but you might be the one to bring it down
omg!! i live right outside of dallas!! in richardson wbu?!!
Doing my best to objectivly analyze my 'fever' through academia.
has been twitter dead for 60 days...this breaks my heart....:
My stupid perfect cousin with her stupid perfect body and stupid perfect hair and stupid perfect belly button ring. F you
that explains it. lol.
Woo! Had 3 Sherriffs vehicles behind me... Pulled over and they kept going... Damn near crapped my pants lol
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 18
Braces are GONE!! *give PEACE a chance*
hey was going to renew my service w/ you, but will pass. supporting rush is more dangerous to society than an identity theft.
so does that mean your going? Haha u have really cute clothes so idk WHAT your talking about.
interesting...different in our house. My guy has 52 blogs and he writes them himself! We always were different.
make sure you follow MTG EVENTS
Of course! I honestly don't know how I wasn't following you already. :)
we're selling cookies for a dollar at culture shock and also doing our normal hours at the store!
Nice avatar.
YEAH TRAVIS SHUT YO BLACK ASS UP
Man my heart beating fast. :)
hahahaha! what's up? :)
I'm mature enough to not get my ass whooped. Especially by younger siblings...you know what...gimmie ur man card!
Thats great! Let's get a team from Great Valley for the High School League
Museums must be core components of community infrastructure. Webwise.
we should go to bww after everyone is done with finals!
Thank you, light and love
Someone, Who, Admires, God! Really has Swag!!
Joe Saavedra of know that air is as important as what food you eat, but don’t know how accessible the info is.
Juan Monaco has really stepped up his game from two years ago when I saw him play at Indian Wells.
wait, can i?
Idiots in the media, quit reporting TRIP's list of roads they want widened as if it's scientific or newsworthy!
As if it wasn't bad enough that cashiers asked for your zipcode, now they want your phone number! What's next? Fingerprints? Just say no.
alright, i think you need to start tweeting ! (:
Hangin out with Stefano from American Idol
Thanks for #WeAreUK Whitehouse coverage.
This #Barnard2012 class is seriously going to Woo *everything*....
Thanks! Yeah I always wondered where they came up with that number...I was told it was arbitrary, but didn't understand!
Oh Sallie Mae, please leave me alone.
exhaustion? Chris Davis struck out 74 times himself that game before he K'd Gonzalez. HAHA!
The world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me.
Can I come chill too?:)
AH, IS YOUR FOOT OKAY! Me & my friend jessica cried when we saw! Hard 2 believe but we did! Hope u feel better Well bye [:
RT : Stop cheating on your future with your past.... It's over.
#HappyMothersDay Im late as hell.....
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 107
They're home with their families now, that's why. :) but I bet when they go on tour in two weeks they'll have more tweets.
. : knows how to #befearless through their steadfast and inspiring interfaith work!
o, well he's texting back now
Is learning to live her life for what it is. Good thing it's pretty awesome!
just tell the haters to put down the bottle of haterade.
To all you mothers out there including my mother who isn't with us anymore but is in spirit have a wonderful day
oh. Well that's better!
what a silly and innocuous thing to be upset about. looks like mark missed real calling: GOP 2012 candidate
Richard, the GEM subjects are definitely not finished, but I will speak sternly to Mr. GEM about it!
just now?
hey, follow
Apple&#39;s War on Android
hehe..all that is salad.But it tastes so yummy
Thanks for the mention! RT : Good morning - support
School's going to start in like, 13 days. I'm not ready at all :D
please do that.
Why oh why to the weekends fly by?
u cannot do stuff like dat dude soo what happen give me all the detailss.....
RT yes please!
have fun!:)
what city do you live in?
Relationships are not about "I want this" or "I want that". Its about two people caring for the other's desires.
Why do I get this feeling at times? Not cool.
THANKS“: And congrats on graduating from #USC You know its time when groundskeeping starts planting unnecessary flowers everywhere.”
Late nights, early mornings .... Life of the military
Another Day Another Dollar....
Overtime in DC!
he does
TrueRT : Real friends don't get offended when you call them bitch, hoe or slut. They smile and call you something more offensive.
We have something for everyone, including our vegetarian friends. Our vegetable lasagna has layered spinach, zucchini, and squash.
Online college education ensures that all your material is gathered in one place. Be responsible and you are sure to reach heights...
ma boi dj shawt hookin me up wit xclusive beats n im gettin to work on my new hits. stay tuned. i love ppl's opinion and criticism. thanks
Thanks for the follow. I also write thriller/mysteries, love cats, good music and having coffee with friends.
There are plenty of people I'd love to kill. Lucky for me I'm a sane person and wouldn't do that.
Thanks for the mention Kyle, I thought that article was brilliant too!
So who's got an asteroid mining competitor I can help with?
exciting news coming soon #PEI RT : Getting ready at The Village!
I used that strategy to teach my son not to be afraid of scary movies, starting with cheesy clay ones and up
sounds good
Mother's Day is really an International Holiday on the grandest level. I suspect that almost all Salons around the country are booked.
Jurors were just sent home in intox assault trial of Julie Ann Bronson, who plowed into 18-month-old in yard w/Mercedes. Resumes at 10 am.
#HarryMakes4NipplesSexy Harry makes everything sexy (;
aha thas cute!! :)
1 hour till the #RoseBowl lets GO #Ducks...!!!
I hope no one is surprised ... I'm not. There is not ONE POSTIVE thing the GOP has done since Obama - and they won't stop now.
Time waits for no man...
yeah, part of it is probably that I don't really take offense to anything. Lol
oh man, are you telling me you haven't seen the StubHub Ticket Oak commercial? You don't know what you're missing
#Baltimore I've been loving the work your town has been sending me lately. B'more's got good music, good business sense and decent budgets.
Oh my gosh I just finished watching it and the chills won't stop!! lol!!
Look for a letter in the mail this week from ICTC re: prep for summer!
hey has #twitterstake oregon ever done a real meetup??
Attending a Theatrical Video workshop tonight at AFI.
Boo urns.
Are you taking any Road Trips to celebrate the first day of spring?
Somebody get Brian Dawkins a diff. hat. Men still wearing Kangols?
Thanks bro!
Playing with spazzed out phones are so fun, even when u dont know what ur writing :-P
Juiciest Grilled Chicken Sandwich: salt, pepper, lettuce, red onion, tomato, chile-lime mayo, bacon, cheddar cheese, onion bun, fruit, side!
Read to a Canine Friend at the Main Library on April 21st at 2p.m. For children ages 6-11. Pre-register online or call 282-4607.
Headache sucks ugh
Like dhh analogy: "A conservative is a liberal who got mugged." Mugged by technology....
my brother just had his first son, future suns die hard! Good enough??
You can take North Carolina off the list of places I will visit.
Enter to win #SelenaTix to meet & go to her Chicago, IL concert 8/13. Follow & RT
I mean, I'm sure the team is upset at loss, but the important thing is that he stuck with Dillard - clubhouse will appreciate that
1st readthrough: accompanied by the smell of weed & garage band rehearsing next door. So Perfect!
what song?
Largest penthouse suite highrise: The Mansions
Bae isnt helpin me so im bout to watch porn and Go to sleep lol night guys!
I guess the only way to see the ones you lost, is in your dreams! :(
welcome back ......to twitter
my mom isn't going to drive you
What's up with girls wearing garters to prom? I've never heard of this before...
Its working, mostly. thank you. Still quite a bit of t hrobbing but manageable.
great #mobility conversation today Autom, w/ multiple Geofence definitions :) great to see at
Boulevard of the Allies @ The Underground this Friday. See this week's The Tartan for info.
ill add u guys on my fb
Jealous of your travels
#FF Inspirational Peeps!
<----What would you put on this shirt? Exclusive apparel for those who live to be extraordinary! and Promotions
We are looking for some fresh artists. Send me a massage with a link to your website if your interested.
Its so different when we kiss :)
we had our second daughter last week, too :)
that picture is ugly...delete
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Slim 7 Inch Faux Leather Keyboard Case for
If someone Hates You For No reason, give that mother fucker a reason XD
thanks Riley i agree. Christ is the center and the fight is worth your man
First time working with/for family tomorrow. This should be fun. Nervous and excited at the same time!
Gm beautiful have a great weekend xx
Ugh....Just tell me how you FEEL!!!!!
Distance means nothing when you are so deeply in love with someone.
Haha!! I love following you. So much hilarity. You did see his 2012 campaign, right?
You're both wearing them right now. Don't lie.
Totally Agree!
How does a country with an ENORMOUS amount of natural wealth become recognized as the poorest country in the world??
Sometimes you have to just STOP and smell the roses!
Looking forward to our Chicagoland NW Suburbs meeting today! Speak your way to more business!
RT : Q3 Son loves the videos of people pulling pranks <='Kno Ur Audience' ;)
Q. Three words to ruin a man's ego... A. "Is it in?"
Why do PM's and QS's use JCT and building contracts to procure infrastructure works? Answers on the back of a postcard please
ron mexico?
RT : Everyone check out author page on FB today to check out news on her new BOOK the drama years! Support...
I'm gonna have a wedding dress like the gypsies.
Getting all sexy
been in Toronto for last three days...what a city! So much going on...i don't know where to look!
and here we are. :)
I'm just playing. *Opens arms for church hug*
IM NOT PLAYING LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
I like ur eyes they're pretty #muchlove from
& I miss you & I wish you were here. I stopped breathing when you said you don't care anymore.
Roy Haynes "Snap Crackle" just passed "Mainstream" as the most I have ever played one song.
; Yay, I think you should just come live wiff mee. (;
what are you doing
Just woke up and went to site for my tour dates before I even stepped foot outta bed.
#NFL #Fantasy Keeper league experts. #Stafford; #Schaub, #Ryan. Who ya got?
trying to figure out how to tweet!
#myfears Anything that flies around and can sting me.
Wanna do a Q&A with me? Ask me anything and I'll answer it. Open book.
Got a parking ticket picking up my Dad at the airport. Woohoo!
I bit into the chicken tikka masala kati roll so fast I almost ate the wax paper wrapper.
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down, so you can learn to live right side up
Hey art walk fans, come to the LBMA before you head up to Bixby Knolls for tonight. We have FREE admission every Friday!
NO style at the Toc Bar tonight
Wow I cant believe ppl are still debating if "God" is real... lol like really? Wake up and open your eyes!
I've gotten into a bad habit of chewing 2 pieces of gum instead of 1 at a time
#NP Grace - Not Over Yet (Max Graham vs. Protoculture Remix)
RT": MY MEMPHIS MOST WANTED MIXTAPE IS ALMOST FINISHED MAN ITS ABOUT TO BE A BANGER" <<< #TurnUp like u told me!
Paraplegics even say they FEELING me
***Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS its on NOW!!!*** email for specials
The sun rises in the east, and caught a home run.
Han Solo's 1st job outta high school: Shipping tests to distant sectors.
yea right lol you would prob. get too toy ducks to EXSPLAIN and ill be laughing
Jack Black grows a beard so he can resemble
parents: youre on the computer too much. I know. I should use my time more wisely by drinking, having sex & doin drugs, like most kids do.
My mind just went straight to the gutter lol!
It Aint easy to keep on being greasy! Lol!
Usually 2 or 3 times a day
sorry I have the urge to rub this in ur face IM GOING ON A CRUISE TOMORROW!!! Woohoo and I'm dating someone
Ready to move forward and start again. Loving my friends :)
-cute but then another kid drew big black X on all interactives, cause "only he could play with them". It all evens out :)
BBL. Good luck to Hughes. Go Yankees. Keep me updated please. Xoxo to my Yankee Family. ;)
Left school early going home :)
RT Inspire a child to read! Tale of A Baseball Dream! Read & Dream BIG!
RT "It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes." - Sally Field
honestly. if I woke up and channing tatum said he was my husband. DONE! sounds good to me!
bummed I missed audition last week due to filming. Rory at UDK said u requested me. Thanks much + excited to working w/u soon
"A "No" uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a "Yes" merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble." - Gandhi
How is this day real?! Take THAT, Punxsutawney Phil!
My goal2Create Wealth2Continue Givin & Increase Giving-ABUNDANTLY, My Divine Existence is to Help Correct The Wrongs, & Help1B Free!
I need to go shopping soon.
Elizabeth Warren discovers she has African-American, Native-American & Hispanic Heritage & she's TURNING JAPANESE
that's a left over from the last Rogue Wave tour. Honest. I don't like football. I swear.
Just ordered a copy of Book-Jackets for the shop reference collection. Ridiculously excited to peruse it.
RT : Love em or hate em, give credit to #RBNY for winning streak. Earning three does not have be pretty. A win is a win.
So the specialty standards are well-hidden, of course. Maybe the first standard is finding them?
Haha T-charts still never fail me!! I'm sure whatever path you choose.. You'll excel! I'm excited for you'll be in Ptown though!!
within walking distance from millbank!
Wow! That's scary, lol. I would run. Me no like zombies or zombie life-like fakers.
Watching Sister, Sister. I'm coooooll.
Dude she said she couldn't do it thursday bc she said she told u she wasn't. So she is monday
RT : Great to see you active again... we were missing your tweets!
in honor of Dali's birthday I'm melting my watch & covering it with ants.
you bailed on me not cool ! lol
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop
I'm fairly certain the girl in the middle isn't wearing pants.
We miss you TQ!!!
Thanks! What about you and ?
IMLS strategic plan calls for sharing reports from grant recipients. Finally. Now I can read the answer to my question: How'd they do that?
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin? :)
#hijackingTheConversation Beware of chill/dude/bro surfacing after 1st date.NY guys too read Cosmo
iPhone in the toilet is seriously pesky !
But if that person is in the woods..... "Is there an asshole out here? I'm not sure"
You're welcome. So glad your family is on the road to lifelong health!
lmao classy I like it, I'll definitely be thur
Why the hell they playing cat woman this early...
You're kidding! Replay confirms a Cody Johnson fumble. Really?
Come on down to the tailgate, and be on the lookup for a special surprise.
Wht Is A Friend ???
oh no!! Someone hath committed the cardinal sin of coworking. Thanks for making us a fresh pot!
Do you think gucci mane is better?
#BattleBunnies I thought you were going to put the helmets on digitally... I could've told you bunnies will never go for headgear!
Day1 went good, time flew by too quick though. Today we're gonna finish up with Relly Rell, Kathleen, Chuck, Anthony, & the crew
What kind of idiot believes in individual people as "job creators"? When was the last time you got hired by some wealthy dude?
Sorted out some really cool plans today. Things gwan pop off.
Yanks score was 1-7 when I checked early today. Yanks won 22-9 with a record 3 grand slams in one game. "It ain't over 'til it's over" -Yogi
"Spectacular achievement...is always preceded by spectacular preparation." - Dr Robert Schuller
juco too. But yeah. Hope that doesn't have to happen again.
Shrek 2: the fourth highest domestic grossing movie of all time
Ken, thanks for the retweet
excited to be emceeing the fashion shows at THREAD this Sunday! Join me at Horton Plaza to support local designers! www.threadshow.com
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your ex of 5 years ago messages you on Grindr
This app is awesome to see even if you aren't going to the conference!
#sca2012 Poet Robert Creeley's email is available for search/browse in Stanford spec coll reading room. I had no idea. Cool!
Cleveland will always love you
Re-Deal Tues! Mention this ad today for 20% off any bottle of lotion! Members and Non members alike, come get a new lotion at a sweet price!
whew glad I'm there with an inch to spare lol
Thanks! Psymon was my favorite character in SSX3 so I'm definitely looking forward to using the classic character DLC
Thanks for following
my was also, 3x...we are in the midst of fighting these to be taken off his record!!...may go to Board of Edu...
I had the weirdest dream last night
Loved having my students tweet in class today. #FresnoDLD if you'd like to read their spirited discussion of transactional theory.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was like man this so boring but now I'm a addict.
Seeking employment in Austin, TX July 2012. If anyone has any connections to Austin please refer my expertise.
Aw sorry to see you go.
driven to beers.
I am looking for session work. Give me a call and we can discuss rates. I have some openings coming up.
#Crew96 is playing today.... Defense shaky, butt only 2nd game of season
Today: On the Avid, editing and more editing.
good look
I've had several of those today!
I'm just kidding "/
many thanks Vera!
that makes sense. Coffee drinkers in the Northwest certainly wouldn't tolerate Tim's coffee
If it's worth the risk, take the fall.
If You Stay Off Da Internet You'll Know Whats Going On In Da Real World
Thanks Kristen!
Scared money don't make no money.
Super committee cant agree on budget cuts, but it can agree on one thing: censorhip is good & civil rights are bad.
I really don't feel like sitting home alone all night. I need to get out of the house. Any ideas?
im grown to be very mature
Well I lost the Oscar pool to she put up a good fight. Next year, VICTORY WILL BE MINE!!!!
here wacthin tv
who the heck reserves the conference room at 3am?! and watch out , the #librarywarden is eyeing your superglue
another peaceful day in Petworth.
re: size of HIMSS annual show.Yes, I think it has become impossible to visit every booth and find new companies, & new ideas
YOU SPELLED HIS NAME WRONG. YOU HAVE DISRESPECTED THE BASE GOD. GET ON YO KNEES ~
Hey Love the Peter and the wolf references on
Sometimes you've gotta get punched in the chin just to remind you how much you hate getting punched in the chin.
The Chula Vista Chamber endorsed the following candidates: for Seat 3; & for Seat 4.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. -
only 5 mins left on that thing
if we are what we eat.. then shouldn't voldemort be a unicorn?
My cable guide tried to trick me. I have a channel called Smithsonian On Demand.. on screen guide abbreviation is SMOD.
I should be thanking you
nope, Trib coverage! :) That would have been a good idea though lol
oh how i love naps.
hey babygirl how is your day going you always get me through my day when i think of u i always smile
I meant
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 8
RT : BREAKING: Jane Castor is named by the mayor to become Tampa's next chief of police.
me and never talk anymore:/
It's Election Day. Vote for your favorite room theme. Artic Cave? Happy Days? Utah Cavern?
Sure did! And I have leads for you. :)
Where do you guys find Pimm's #1? I'm having a problem finding this.
thanks much for the
Oh yes, most of all, I will not miss spending $334 a month for a #LIRR ticket to deal with all of that!
Had the best time with all my friends tonight!
Yea I wish you were 6'10 200lbs with a wingspan as long as the amazon river too.RT : Wish I could rock a flat top!!!
Def a dicey move but seems like there's more upside for sure. See if ppl care in 3 months
Good Afternoon :)
Thanks, glad you liked it!
Late night Chipotle just happened. Happy #CincodeMayo :)
I would hope for the next TOC old meds drop, that pharmacies would receive a poster to display in our stores.
Currently playing Resident Evil Raccoon City. Man...this is hilariously horrible! xD
: split between the US and the UK :-)
No I'm Not Bitter Just fed up Poeple you need to vote with wisdom ur not at a horserace Ooh I think that one looks good & fast Please THINK
Who the heck is MASHABLE? The Blog?
I hate math class. Everyone around me uses their calculators so smooth and fast like its a freakin cell phone and im still using my fingers.
anna kate was her i love ya gurl!!
Can U Follow Mee?:D please!! ♥
RT : Give up some of the control in your classroom and let students become hungry.
just workin' away...lol! How's the east coast?
Here is the Giveaway!! What's your dream breakfast/brunch? I will randomly pick a winner, who will receive Fruit Ninja!
The experiment is in the house...
please tell Anthony that Alicia is taking AMAZING care of us!
When it comes to your business don't Think, just DO!
Maybe I'm weird but I think waiting for a grade is a lot more stressful than the test, speech or paper you do!!
I think I want to go to the comic con in new orleans this year if I ever figure out when it id
RT : Google, YouTube and social networks have increased their share of duration (mins viewed) by 10% since 2007
for the love of gravy, those are hot! (hot in a complimentary way, not in a temperature way, but I am sure you served them hot)
Can we just make spanish the official language of major league baseball?
Thank you for the follow!
any idea why I can't pin things from your site? I wanted to pin the chicken salad recipe
thanks for the tag ;-)
We powered a Lionel Richie concert over the weekend. Downside? Stuck in our head..."Hello? Is it me you're looking for?"
When Harry thrusts during Up All Night while he sings "People Going All The Way, All The Way" >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
#YouWasCuteUntil i got sober.
Thanks your really sweet (:
In Richmond today for meetings for an energy client.
Argued with street vendors over the inherent fallacy of their dozens of 'number 1 mom' teddy bears. HIGHLANDER, people!
girl, you have some serious design skills! , is so lucky to have had you work on this. Bravo!
hope you feel better. Being sick sucks
The loss of life begets more loss of life
No flukes in NFL (so was "tuck game," helmet catch, The Drive, etc). NOBODY at full strength in playoffs, including Denver
Corn cob or GTFO
Did it on em.
Kwantlen student turns chronic illness into community action - The Province (blog)
Just interviewed by Vince Sims of WPXI-TV News......
Get your libations together and fasten your seat belt. I keep looking at the clock wishing that it would slow dow
hey love
Don't hate me cause i'm pretty, ...okay hate me cause i'm pretty(;
Lifes crazy but Fuck it we all go through it
good one bobby
#FF #ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest ! Peace & Love
Did Glee just restart for anyone else?
Well............ I saw a couple air balls, broke shots, etc........from Kobe LA Fans, Please don't say shit about <<<< IJS
Try 'Wahlstedt' .... z=e, common German name.
Its kool though
RT : I love the pic on the cover of March issue of Dance Mag. So great.
Great Advice - appreciate your time
Aww love this!! <3 RT How do your favorite animals spend #Valentines day? Snuggling up, of course!
I never get no dam sleep!
Meeting w/ Deedra Hunter, a cert pet grievance counselor, about her new website this eve. Project should commence in the NXT week or so
Awesome news! Good luck to you. RT We have seen a lot of orders for #easter #ducks Definitely an increase!
roses are red. violets are blue. your face is really cute. i love you.
A coworker who is a OSU fan just brought me a box of tissues to my desk.
Looks like there probably won't be any guys at Mabee tonight after 7. That, or they'll all be packed in front of the TV.
(I saw the original series when it aired on Sci Fi Channel in the 90s and I felt the film did it justice!)
Omg...Twitter i gotta go...mfs tripping and they made me the ex...smh...
What?! Sad! Explains why the Tough Cookies aren't so tough tonight! :( RT Stef is now skating RiEttes only
Big Happy Birthday to my twin, CAM NEWTON!!
Haters are motivation
my thoughts exactly. Lol
So excited for your premiere on Frontline tomorrow!
thanks Jay! Happy St Pats!
Buying a house?! That is some man level shit!
Two words of the day today: sorrow&perspective.
How might 1 like to be evaluated: Want diversity of contributions recognized. Provide input on aspects that are important
ESPN 3 live ... Replay on 5:30. “: what network is it on?”
I I had a dime for everytime a homeless person asked me for change I would still say no
Firgured.. you are my everything dawn i'm just not your everything.. :/
3 1/2 hours until I turn 25. I can hardly believe I made it alive.
Late dinner after guest lecturing in UW global health class tonight. They're off to India this summer.
1⃣ final down 3⃣ to go Let's do this
Another one tomorrow! RT : Take a look before it's gone. Beautiful NM sunset.
So there was a news story that toys for tots was short is it too late to help?
heard they are the best live. when they get to #Philly we'll get tickets
Troll Hunter was ok, I guess.
This committee seems hell bent on killing the stadium bill. Don't put this #jobs bill in jeopardy.
RT": I have sum ulgy ass friends but sum hot ass follwers #ijs"<--I'm in that 2nd category! ;) lol
Baha me too. People are either impressed, concerned or both when they find this out.
Might be time for the snow tires.
RT : "People are just ready to sacrifice someone to the gods"–would-be skier, via the , regarding the current snow crisis.
Did enyone ever tell u that #FLAME is one of the best songs? :D
hahaha that is top secret information!
Going downtown?? Stop in and see us open till 9!! We have what you need! :D
Rockin last few days at Faultline Studios!!! Michael Franti and the Rockin Heads, Tennille and Ganesh photography in the house!!!!
bahaha you're funny!
Pop up gallery is phenomenal Mark Baugh-Sasaki transfigured lands you need to go
RT Any truth to the rumor I’m starting that the Twitter bird is pregnant?
What a great day in NYC! Central Park, here I come!
well yeah cause I miss my bitchez and my family -.-
oh they could totally join you in your cube...it's what makes cube life fun
You are too kind, little c! Sending a birthday/anniversary hug your way!
Checking out tonight. Place looks sexy. What to drink...?
Treating myself to a mammogram and an eye exam this afternoon! Funzies!
I just hocked a loogi on luxury. Felt good.
AQUS is ready to go! .0067s up and nice bids in the .0060s!
because I'm pretty lol. Idk I went to Georgsville not stringtown
omg hellogoodbye thank you for reminding me of them
About to wash & study for my last final :)
I love Anderson coopers ridiculist .
So roughly: playwrights shouldn't have a stake in the creation of the world of their own play? They need to mind their manners?
March has reached 55 Water St, where people are doing the human mic. Speaker says "This is how Occupy Wall St got started."
He quacks up! (classic Dubble-Bubble joke--took me almost a decade to get it)
hey Anita Minyon Moore here. I tweeted about you last night after watching soul train awards. Miss you. Miss your voice
You've had a great run of The Spidey Project. Congrats!
Glad they recorded it! I'll be watching once it's posted.
hahaha typical. I hope your response was
Celebrate the holidays w/ Kona Pipeline Porter. A true face-ripper.
Don't ask me why, how or how many times a week, just understand that fitness recognize fitness and warriors will always go the extra mile
maybe you should take a shut up pill you just drink some water and SHUT UP
never been noticed by :(
hey Paula, hope your having a great day beautiful :)
Prediction...Pack will take Kellen Moore is he is there.
a dude texting another dude happy bday at 12:00 on the dot .....
if she just went and got me a new pair of glasses, i wouldn't have this fucking problem.
Oracle Is #1 in Corporate Performance Management Suites (CPM) Revenue Share for 2011
looks like it's happening..A Wolper w/ T Brewer trio at Birdland Jazz in Berk on 4/22 at 8pm-ish
We do! This wknd the whole site will be 15% off. We will be announcing all the other sales via Twitter and FB:...
yeah. Me zk and Hewitt
. That's very perceptive, since over 60% of people who have abortions are mothers to at least one child.
Conga Room Los Angeles! December 2 & 3--"Los Van Van" concert. Buy tickets at: Congaroom.com. Discount Code "LATIN" for $5.00 off ticket!
Everything is built on foundation without that u have nothing
I can't wait to see you on
#deardad happy father
Peter bring in Seth is looking exhausted
Hate on me hater, Now or Later!
My phone doesn't know what "hug" is.
Family breakfast, Cubbies game, Harry Potter at Museum of Science and Tech, Dinner at favorite greek place - Greek Islands. WOW, family day.
ik like it was laying in my folder and he just took so i was like ok then whateves! and ik! omg i'm sad its over though haha
Love it
you gain 50 pounds...unless there's chocolate icing... Then just 10 :)
Just landed in Detroit. Back from Baltimore for the #SfAA2012. next: 500 page book and massive amounts of grading.
Today's Soups: Tomato Dumpling & Country Vegetable
The boys wanted Five Guys burgers. There was no argument from me. FIve Guys burgers rock.
RT RT : Too many people say Ricky Gervais wasn't funny last night. No wonder Grown Ups did huge business last year.
really dont wanna read this book for english. fuck.
Hour and 40 minutes to get from LAX to Sunset exit on the 405
Today is the 1st anniversary since the Japan earthquake/tsunami disaster. Be wary of spam or phishing emails about tsunami charities.
Celtics-Heat tomorrow afternoon at the Garden..Who you got?
I can't call as I'm in the air right now. Need to rebook on flight DL2097 today. Can you help?
Loved today! :)
will the Patrice tribute be on iTunes? Would love to have the whole thing
Just when i was startn to think u were about to start acting like a man POOF u become more of a younger boy then what u were at 1st
Hey whatss up mahomies??? I stole bonnies phone so i could tweet all youu! Haha, so does anybody need a austin mahone bandaid?? I know i ...
amazing comments from kids in 3 countries comparing level of #racisim. student: "all people are equal no matter what color they are"
Hot grooves!
Praise the lord <3
A great exfoliating scrub is mixing 2 tsp of sugar,salt,or oatmeal with a face cleanser and voila! Glowing skin!
hash pipe
I am going into the "Family Business" of building outhouses!! Saving Americans money, and putting people to work!
Jim Nantz has beads, how attractive.
story of my life. all day everyday.
Score! M83 at Black Cat on Friday, Little Dragon at 930 club on Saturday. Gonna be a great weekend.
