any desire I ever had to take a cruise is now gone.
just made s'mores for, what was supposed to be, 2 coworkers... and you all better keep it quiet next time...
The new Ressee's Puffs commercial tries WAY too hard..
stuff they want to work on via forms or whatever. Others have their managers speak directly to them on a weekly or monthly basis
Sweet! Or when I'm in LA!
loves princeton!
Rise and shine!
oh i see im doing some hw right now. ill hit u up later
is at work in the studio of Estereo Latino 102.9 with the live broadcast from Rodeo Disco in Houston, Tx!
Superior dance skills?
Aww got an email from a college admissions director saying my essay made her cry because it reminded her of something she went through<//3
Handbook of Social Media Marketing: Five Principles of Online and Social Network Interactivity Reviews
RT : I am incredibly honored to announce that I'm about to launch a project with ! Starts Friday. Stay tuned! RT?
Shhh I'm watching the Pacers do work.
Tip for the day: Unless otherwise agreed, the maximum deposit a landlord can only charge is 1.5 times the rent as a deposit.
hey #NewOrleans I know its S Louisiana and its summer and rain is expected but come on, I'd like to move around a bit today.
lol. I'm gonna go sleep it off
When people randomly stop texting you<<<< 1StepAtATime<3
mono makes me tired
"the real world really has it's up and down"...
Stand apart from the crowd
RT : Superman wears Dos Equis pajamas to bed
Can you put butt on unrated perez? In case you missed Joan knows best: *Thong *bubble *wowsa!
Just remember that your not my girl.
Nearly one in five U.S. Internet users ages 25 to 34 use Twitter. Why do you use Twitter?
might just be my anti-Barca bias, but it looked soft to me. No sound in bar & for a sec had slight hope Messi saw yellow for dive
LUCIANA Performing LIVE at WET NIGHTCLUB this Saturday for info call or text 915-449-2066 performing her hit song I LIKE THAT
Preparing for 3 Events this week! 15 Year Anniversary, Wedding Reception and a Baby Shower! We're Excited!!
Is this a live stream? or a clip?
I only follow my friends lol. And they're all boring as fuck LOL.
I leave on saturday Morning, will be around Friday Night.
Fuck. Got my tag reported fully again. >>
Love how I got 9 hours of sleep
You are our go-to pizza from now on! admitted to losing our order after 1hr 30min.
It's supposeda thunderstorm everyday this week.. Hopefully it's in the middle of the night doee
Oddly, I tried to switch to OTA last night, and couldn't get any channels. Should be able to get something w/out an antenna, right?
Officially in the studio.
Apple store getting the IPhone 4s as my upgrade :)
Arrived to mildly flooded JJQ offices. Some paper issues lost, but looks like we'll survive. Believe this is JJQ's third flooding.
Memorizing lines with a bad cold!!!life's tough.
and where might that be in the wall?
great game. U picked up sooner and cowboy nation today. Made us proud
Gotta love ravioli with extra cheese and that Tabasco sauce!
#GymFlow pretty soon.... gotta pump up the muscles for the
Rangel as victim. It's laughable. Committee should prosecute him, for the sake of both justice and the Democratic party. he's a disgrace
Follow me!! I love you!!
#sschat, I share letters I had my students write BinLaden the week after 911, primarysource for former kids in our school.
Thank you!!
thanks! i'm like obsessed with the welding heart hahaha
Spot a blocked storm drain in Midtown? Let us know.
Yeah lunch time!!!
I made the beat n murdered it casey anthony
Practiced iaido on a beach on Orcas Island. Used a stick for my bokken and the sand was too soft, but fun all the same.
Jon Gruden just said if you give Russell Wilson a legitimate chance to win starting QB job in Seattle, he'll win it.
#Bestrappersalive THE EARLY MAN
chillin in this warm weather. Don't even need a jacket here... Went to the beach last weekend!
Artistic BEASTS right here! RT : #FF to these amazing artists
Hi twitter's BFF lol :)
I LOVE NEW YORK CITY
Not sure if I'm missing something, but I don't see links to PDFs of Viking designs on your website. Where can I find 'em?
that's a cool tree behind them! :]
I think that trend is unnecessary and its stupid. Dont make him feel bad this is what HE WANTS we cant be selfish. Be happy for him.
let me know when your back so we can link. Tell Keisha thanks again!
yup just calm each one individually or use a class instead of an id to call all the slides in one go.
I'm awkward :$
sitting on the powerchair playing on my powerphone... Happy New Year!
well goodnight everybody
Why was my textbook in my fridge?
I've been dying to get a reply from you ! I'm your Boston covergirl ! I love youu !
hi John. Following along so change my life!
email - we could meet up tomorrow or this week?
& shared marcel, wise words, and jokes with Collegiate kids today. Awesome visit!
waiing to board red-eye. 30 min delayed and counting. Prep for cranky. you have been warned.
This guy is a complete bigot and idiot. He has had his 15 minutes, lets not give him anymore!
- Can't miss today's CL action! I hope that your eyes are okay? Long time since your Richmond Kickers days, huh!
RT : Just got word that former Yankee Mike Mussina was elected to the Orioles Hall of Fame.
- hold in to it like you hold on to the clubface at impact. :)
Robert Smith- simply one of the best songwriters of all time.
Haha. Gotta love the dogs! It's always so much fun at the shows- isn't it?
Buy - Sell - Lease - Refinance in CA
Just made an account for the brit just to vote for you! Americans 8)
which ones? Ratings > quality with nets. e.g. 2.5 Men exists.
Leaving for Florida today for the United Methodist General Conference and a one month tour of Orlando and Tampa.May this be the best tour
. Charlottetown perhaps? We deserve cred, we ARE the birthplace of confederation.
Finally watched DETOUR per your recommendation. Solid movie. Love the line where he asks the waitress for "change for a dime."
Have you begun to think about your business plan for 2011. It less than 7 weeks away.
that is wrong, guys don't get it easy. Women don't give it up that easy. :-( women control it.
The only tech "bubble" is the insular world most of these people live in
Sold out for the pre-sale? Or are you guys selling more during the general sale on the 21st?
Thanks, Shannon! :)
I keep overthinking; I hate my anxiety. I always have to remind myself
RT : Completion by Design colleges look at student pathways through programs of study and face hard truths about completion rates
times square yehaa! ;D
Come on Preds!
we do volume pricing for .edu's (and others) but no discounts for individual sites yet. The $25 "personal" level might help?
I have crazy hair! But I still can't direct.
Carolina hot cakes piled high with maple syrup, and a side of scrambled eggs and a couple slices of bacon. Does that sound good?
sounds like a VIBRANT opportunity!!!
hah That was me yesterday -_- It took about 15 minutes and a lot of cursing to get it on right!
Are you requiring compliance or inspiring committment?
Tell to buy you a beer and let you get a "redo" on that Hefe!
Home with my babie finally .. best feeling !
q3 a good book? i agree with !
true. But that is the role of parents not schools.
Faith healing judge says thinks of couple each am when wakes up. Thought case a stretch but no more.
excellent and you! I see you are back and running with these deals =) Wouldnt it be nice to have someone else do it 4U??? =)
I'm all alone in this big ole world.
Surgery went well
When I get home to you girl I'm gone do you right 😍😏
maybe... Extra time is hard for me right now.
galaxy shorts ? :)
>Implying you even cared about Ghost Recon.
#AskAlexConstancio Will Follow me??????
Everyone follow He's an awesome fellow actor that you should know!
Thank you for the follow, Marci Happy new year!
The Evolving Blog: Generating Increased Sales Through Strategic Online and Social Advertising Plans!
Wtf!! Where Is My Boyfriend??
Thank you so much. Help us out by finding us on facebook and sharing our songs with your friends! Keep in touch!!
Niggas is ya friends today and maybe tomorrow, but only a RARE few of them can hold true due too the lack of mental strength to fight gossip
Education versus entertainment: how do we balance the news to reflect the "truth" of the community?
WOW, it's almost 80 outside! We've added our "Jammin' In the Summertime" jingle to the rotation today to help with the spirit. :)
love your propiccc ❤
No I forgot my lunch at home!!!! Let's see how much $ I have in my account
Do you get complaints about language?
pander, pander, fake outrage, yadda yadda.... same ol' same ol'
I'm so sorry. Got to the station a little too late. Such a shame, just missed the train.
you don't know you're beautiful
YAY! RT : Due to popular demand, we're leaving Les Paul #googledoodle up in the U.S. for an extra day. Thanks for jamming with us!
is very pleased with his new schedule.
RT : RT IF YOU'RE PLANNING TO PEEP SOME CHERRY BLOSSOMS THIS WEEKEND
well that's good
aight lets try this again
They cut my hours , wtf..
Johnsburg library to hold appraisal - Northwest Herald
is it just me or is everyone on dancing with the stars sucking ass tonight? it's not just me. right?! RIGHT?!
Ball night!
thank you for following us, what did you think of our video?
Night 2 of waking up at 2am for no reason.
GO NOW..MIGHT NOT HAVE TO WAIT LONG....:(
I gotta go too Sarah.
These past two weeks have been rough health wise, now I'm battling an ear infection, geez mcnellies
Tryin to relax for a second before Sunday
If you were to buy someone special a Ford for Christmas, what model would it be, and who would it be for? Have a Happy Friday!!!
Breaking in to the Ultimate Dk Choc bar 2 make it thru rest of my day...
: Thanks for the love Charles!
.man, I feel so fucked up! I shouldn't have made him go..
Margin is actually 20.25...I'm up past my bedtime
quit being a retard and finish it. It's the best thing that have EVER been on tv
Word, thats good to hear! RT : he said he's ok. Tryin to stay outta trouble
#BobKnightJackAss that's all!
I hate that word he pissed me off lol
Havnt been golfing in forever
the fact that everyone has an anecdote about the "against type" player means not the same!
Ye u r right
wow cuss at me that's mature. You know I'm reporting your account right now. Cyberbullying isn't funny.
goOD MorNIng EVERY1 2day is going 2 be a good day, iM staying POSITIVE...!!
if you say so, lol
you're fine with either. I'm a big fan of the orange myself
Crazy weeks. Finding new apt, production, work, festival, and now moving. All good things but looking forward to a bit more routine in July.
two more days!!! way to effin stoked :D
we should go Brockers. Think he'll be the best in a few years.
There's a whole little universe here on Twitter, isn't there? How does one keep up with it w/out resigning to live in it?
ok I can't even tweet
My nose and my lips are chapped....
Link? RT “: The team that wins Game 7 of a seven-game series in the NBA goes on to win 100 percent of the time.”
Wrote a song back in March, working on a demo sort of the song is called "Be Strong Courtney (Baby Give It Up)"
Hello there! May i get a follow! :-D
Promoting our next live seminar - "Integrated Thinking" for CFOs, risk mgrs, HR execs, etc. www.hni.com/Safety/Workshops/workshops.asp
does law cover Stun Guns as well? Not to keen on gun carry but vunerable disabled person.
.: we need to rewrite definition for library in OED, etc
Know your roots.
Just subscribed to blog at tanveernaseer.com. Some really interesting discussion about leadership
On Wed., & will visit to present a check & serve lunch to our clients. Press conference at 1:30.
here we go \m/
ah, I was mistaken. setTimeout is delayed in inactive tabs, requestAnimationFrame halts. I was using rAF. sT + diff works.
Doing well. Cranking out a few summer classes then I'm done!
need to be doing so many other things, why am i here on my computer instead?
We picked the lucky winner already!
how much weed do you smoke s day #socurious :)
RT : One day at a time
I always listen to The Wretched when I'm upset
If you get a chance check out the Vendetta cover. That was very tough song to learn.
Nm, about to murder Because clearly he has no taste in women ! Wbu ?
What should a corp do after they have responded to a flub and the story still has legs? i.e. we're still talking about papa johns
South beach call a cab bumpin j.cole
#CelebsThatLookLikeTheyStink Newt #Gingrich- he looks like a pig one can assume he must smell like one as well
Just broke 1000 followers! Yay, and it's my birthday! Sweet present from my tweeps! Thanky:D
shout out to the kids of . ALWAYS WORKING HARD
Hey guys im so bored rite now i mite just fall alsleep of boredness *SabastianBabe*
of course it's glorious
Can't get into my old account. Tried for a new one, still waiting to get my blog "approved", lol. Tony might not let us come back!
“: Can we just go ahead and make "ruined" a relationship status option on Facebook?” -- bang bang ()
Were the homies...
Yugoslav Proverb~ Complain to one who can help you.
OF COURSE YOU ARE. Jealous!!!!!!
Glad to have you at our hotel! Feel free to follow/comment back during your visit.
only you! And how much?
Getting pierced tomorrow
Citi dropping 9.78% is reminder they're still in race to 0 despite 10 to 1 reverse split. Financial czars desperate to find rescue for banks
Kinda misleading to say Chris Bosh "was traded" to Miami.
Well next time- you should just drop on in for a surprise visit! Is your New Years off to a good start?
make it happen. Help me get on the voice
FOB. That was so long ago, my gosh
I see you have figured out my evil master plan. :-)
they can export portfolio if its tied to that
lol too funny
I love it when Seattle is actually warm like this
View from Aurora bridge tonight before sunset was postcard perfect
I'd Like to Know Info About Them Also! LOL. I'm Looking to Have a Ballroom Teacher Hired.
How dat phrase goes ??? He want his cake and to eat it too ??? Y'all know what im trying to say..Lol
Henry J. Tillman~ Oregano is the spice of life.
Lee re Weisblatt, who the Japanese treated as POW: "Tokyo decided that throwing hand grenades deprived him of his nonprofessional status..."
FUCK.... ion feel like gettin up
I do indeed! Hit me w/private tweet or email to make the arrangements, my friend.
Did I tell you what the Pope had to say, ?
Just did! Its the BCBG yellow clutch, searched all over the net but no one has your deal. Thx for responding!
Dustin brown!! #kings are sweeping!
In high school I hated my algebra teacher, Sister Mary, but that didn't stop me from lettin' her gimme head in the band room after school.
we do them too! Just different!
Court-ney Up-shaw clap clap clap clap clap!
I like calling everyone a Guru. Because after your tips we are gurus. You would just be the Grand Guru. Or "The Big Giant Head"
That time I went to work on a Saturday and discovered an error in a book that's already at the printer.
RT : Dark Shadows was a GREAT movie.... honestly i flat out liked it better than the Avengers....
I learn from you everyday. Thank you! 🙏💐
the first time through the demo I hopped on the griffin and it was totally awesome, 'til my pawns shot it down.
working from home today, errands and some shopping. dont want sheldon to leave!!
Just heard a Pastor refer to families as "giving units." And, I get reprimanded for using marketing language?
don't forget to clear out the cache as part of that process, or your custom view won't take
It's crazy, but there have been more exciting finishes to WIAA state semifinal high school games the past 2 days as compared to games.
A.B.C D.E.F.G = A Boy Can Do Everything For Girl ♥
haha. We're all a little crazy! Lol
Im getting sick of tweets like RT if your sad this girl died. Like no. RT if you Just want attention. Bullshit!
My texting bubby feel asleep on me...#hoe'd
Ah I can't stop playing Fruit Ninja!
Its pretty sad how my first account is so cool but the second is better
rock on Blake! RT : I wanted to formally welcome Chicago Bears DE Thaddeus Gibson to the Family. I
When are you gonna update your twitter? Jeez!
but I don't have a saggy pussy
Really looking forward to playing with and tonight at Lilly's 9:30-12:30pm.
Let's go #BREWERS *grin*
Drank mucho cider. I like good, old fashioned, illegal warehouse parties
happy anniversary to me & Love at it's best.
Leaving off the obvious (Twitter/FB), it'd be Instagram, Reeder (for blogs), Camera+, FitBit and Pinterest. You?
Can you follow me back?:)
Please pray for our friend Brandon Byerley today. He is 16 and undergoing brain surgery. Pray for his Dr., his strength, and his family.
Love them kudos. Today: "You have a gifted eye for the craft." I don't know how I came by my knack for editing, but there it is.
The brave new world I'm looking at has fewer toothpicks, sure, but the airfood we inhale is just out of this world.
Great enjoy the conference and keep tweeting
Can we pray for you today?
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
:-) “: Looking forward to trying out when they head over to Capitol Hill! Just started following them!”
Feel good to be in the bed!!!!!(MISSIN HIM) *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*
hey Ben, don't worry I may be only 12 but I'm smart enough not to answer email that asks for a password.
Right after i watch nikita and read my new kindle and do all of my work :P I have excuses too lol
Study hall(:
Agreed! RT: Probably baby incubators and artificial heart vales have their use but the best invention ever? Air conditioning
follow for the opening day Rockies tickets!
Like Insidious. Or Homeroom. c;
There's a rumor going around that all the brass bands in Nola are threatening to strike until returns
Deleting someone's Pokemon game should be punishable by death.
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a steak picado burrito today. Food truck guy at AET campus was super nice and let me eat on credit!
I think from now on I'm going to paint houses in that chain mail dress that Tina Tuner wears.
its us vs the system Always a constant battle If it was for them, they would send us to homeschool all #autistic children :(
can blow me...
I read Delirium could be made a movie, do you know if there might be an open casting call? Would love to audition at some point
I miss him already, Haha I stole his shirt:). Cross-Country tommorrow morning.362 more days!!
Looking to buy, sell or invest in properties in the Orlando area? Contact our new friends at
I sold my E-P1. Good concept, bad execution. Horrible controls and cheap/plasticky body that was scuffed and dented within a week.
We have a funny feeling that we might be seeing #TheDarkSide as a hashtag on many of your future tweets.
Get on board NOW! What have you got to lose, it's free! And when you upgrade for 25$ if you no like, 100% money back guarantee for 30 days!
oh man!! #ifthegovernmentshutsdown - people might actually have to take responsibility for themselves!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 20
Happily, murderous rage is short-lived when you can distract yourself with a bit of tea.
You've always had style, class, and a sense of humor.
Entertaining Race. RT James Buescher wins #DRIVE4COPD300, and by wins, I mean, manages not to crash like 90 percent of the field
“: I know, it's like I'm in Cats or something!”>>>haha memory
thts a must see picture :)
I just wanna tan all day
RT I kind of hope Obama shocks everyone by declaring marriage to be a bourgeois institution and calling for its total abolition.
Come see Peter Pan/ Up The Down Staircase this weekend at the Athenaeum Theatre ticket info at www.yatkids.org or call 317-614-5057
Rookie ref, not surprised at all. Has to establish himself.
also that donors want proof that you're using their dollars effectively, maybe a change in the level of trust?
The bus from Portland to Bangor was full, so they put the 6 of us on a separate bus all by ourselves!
Congratulations to Alyson Abercrombie on her exceptionally fine reading last night.
Billy, so far you haven't done a thing I didn't expect you to do.
what's twss? Lol and yeah,I failed in previous relationships... Lol... But ima keep trying..! Lol
i hate my life.
Binaural microphone/earphones = the shit.
idk im trying to find out!!
"We must recognize that we're all part of a web of life around the world." Gaylord Nelson, Earth Day founder
TIP OF THE DAY: There is nothing wrong with folding. You are not weak when folding. If you dont have the best hand or cant bluff, let it go!
Manischevitz is delicious.
Describe what you think Matt Ryan needs to do next Season to be Considered an "Elite" QB for the Falcons?
Rad! I'll keep that in mind! Happy Thursday!
I signed up a while ago, but really haven't found it to be useful at all. Is withering on the vine.
where you take that. at
Anyone else so pissed today they avoided twitter and anything #pens related? I know I did. #gameface back tomorrow.
Yes it is, thanks! I'm going to draw a winner in May.
but u look like a swagless pimp
Are you coming to Portland, OR to talk about your book? Powell's is awesome bookstore for venue.
Finished a great run through
How can #colleges translate broad state goals to campus-level strategies? Bensimon of CUE & Prescott of discuss at SHEEO/NCES conf
Endangering national or public security
When life slips you a Jeffrey, stroke the furry wall.
When im mad I can't sleep
Eating popcorn chicken and drinking orange soda
I'm following you but you're not following me. gives me reason to unfollow you for real. lol
ATTN producers!!!...please send links to purchase YOUR beats!!!
I'm a ride or die bitch!!
Oracle highlights Big Data’s benefits
Going to hutch tom. With the Bro. We will see how that works
Monday-Wednesday, Yanceyville St will have multiple lane closures from 9am-4pm due to water line rehab. Expect delays and take alt. routes.
#delta. Get your act together. SD to Atlanta. Still stuck on tarmac in atlanta.
#np all the things you said - tatu
"Next time I see you, giving you a high five cause hugs are overated just FYI" (:
O - look at the moon!
Wait... is Jessica Simpson STILL pregnant?
This guy right next to me is feeling on himself D:
I've been eating about 300 calories a day since wmc. Just shows where my priorities lie lol.
Follow Back :)
what a show.
awesome track man! SO EXCITED to see you at EDC Las Vegas!
what happen to your Facebook?
No problem, kind sir! Im really enjoying the great insight u provide on your website! thanks for the
Why is so good.
Come see Spurs players and at Express Lube at 8318 Broadway on Tuesday, March 8 between 4:30pm-5:30pm!
Super easy, I got a 95.. Just know the graphs and you'll be fine!
its hard to tell if someone follows when usinp phone. I thought I got a notification that he followed. Thanks though! ~~~~rich
Damn they got u feelin like dat « I dnt wanna follow anymore Pittsburgh niggas ✋📖»
"Every charity started with One." - big takeaway from Northland Community Foundation breakfast
told you!
wait, every girl deserves a ?
I feel terrible today, but bills know no excuses so to work I go!
sky mall is amazing.
not as bad as you I'm very nice :)
follow me! but noo boys like girls love drunk is a good one :']
Amir makes bad choices and women i see.
Getting ready for 2nd day at #structureconf on the #dreamface booth
Watching the movie "Trading Places" w/ Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroid never gets old.
Amen! Esp educators- isn't SM just a virtual form of outreach?
Happy Birthday (:
Staying home with my girls today. will be closed. Record Store Day kicked my ass.
Salute to all yall brothers, Happy New Year!
my fault, I left out the details.
how the did you survive when you first got your lip piercing. im afraid to eat because i think ill get it stuck on my tooth
Just taught a great kickboxing class ! Way to get sweaty people!
North Scottsdale...how spread out can this be???
Good day tweeps..make it an amazing one!!
So what happened with Punxsutawney Phil? Well, either way, free drip coffee Re-Phils at GA! (with proof of purchase)
Niggas trying tweet from a females point of view , that's some gay ass shit.
We believe in Clarity, Credibility, and Encouragement for effective coaching.
Congrats! (& while I'm no expert, I think that tweet constitutes an instance of the most refined twitter-genre: #humblebrag.)
not that you can't afford no redbottoms withcyo ugly white boy lookin a hot ass mess fed ex them bitches
Came stop by Sandalwood Spa at Ayres open everyday at 11am- 8pm or call and make an appointment at (951)571-7792 see you soon.
XP Mode For Windows 7 Released Add-on utility helps ensure programs written for Microsoft's older OS can be used on new PCs.
Umpire discipline is not made public, as per their contract. So I'm sure they are disciplined. We just don't know it.
Had too much fun with with my homies tonight.
come down to tonight and catch the duo (Al & Erik) with and Melly Frances & the Distilled Spirits
can't even say in the same league as those two. He has no rings to show for it
Almost a colossal collapse by #spurs. But champions win those games. Take note
Just watched your battle on Hulu, wanted to let you know that you are AWESOME. My wife and I will buy what you put out! :)
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen U catch the guy standing next to U at the urinal sneaking a peek at ur Meat.
They already started. Reports that Zimmerman had a bloody nose. Besides, JEB is looking out for his political future.
Wait, when 's book hits the NYT, he's buying us the shoes? That's awesome! :D
of course! So glad a friend showed me your new spot, can't wait for the rooftop to open.. I'll be here all summer :)
I get my first check and they mess up my name. Thanks guys.
We are open til 5pm today. Come grab a panini 4 a late lunch, cut into bite sized pieces for cocktail snacks, or 4 dinner
Try to pull together interdisciplinary unit on cycling. Pro bike race in town at the start of school and prologue is 5 miles from school!
I love you more then anything in the world.<3
when the sex-in-the-office is occurring it's all sunshine and unicorns; it's when it ends that we in HR get the headache...
SILENT lips avoid many problems, but SMILING lips solves many problems, so always hve a smile on ur face n the beautiful journey called LIFE
Money Saving Tip #24: Challenge yourself to try making your own things.
Y'all should bring Noah's Arc back
Early morning for us...Watch live show this morning to see one of our centerpieces and some bouquets being featured!
What were they thinking? Can u imagine Vegas show: guy throwing frisbee 2 dog?
KING ME!!!
How can I get my hands on your jazz musican list?
#HighSchoolMemories ..... Ohh ya wait I don't have any:(
#icsf Who's talking on the MLS Track?
Sunday Still: "It's intolerable to be stopped by a frames edge." - Clyfford Still, 1976
LOUD session one!......Commence!
Goal: find new dry cleaners, which brings up the question- what is the average life of these shops?
Patterson is angry his pants do not seem to fit!
In need of someone to create a professional quality 90 second video, any takers out there?
It's from Blackmill's 20 minute mix.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE* #tonefide x6
we'll check it out!
Wait, up ahead -- arable land! Oh, never mind.
Happy Friday everyone! What coaster do you wish you could be riding this weekend? Let us know! -Vince
watching tv... Hbu
Follow Foreverfly RT this A$ap
Totally understand. I think I tend to work more hours at home than I do at work!
SHIT. I LOCKED MYSELF OUT OF MY HOUSE
Good Monday Morning! Where do the weekends go? I think people would function better with 3 day weekends every week. What do u think?
It's National Wear Red Day! Thanks to everyone helping to uncover the truths about women and heart disease, our No. 1 killer!
#mirrorsedge you are not alone my friend;).
Happy Mother's Day 💘
You just made my Tuesday Tom! Yummy in my tummy!
That keening you hear is that of Ken Starr being hoist on his own petard.
Nice! Well good luck and we'll talk soon!
that's the way to go!
Haven't done one in a while. Some of my favorites. .
I feel about Kevin Durant the way many Americans feel about money. I'm very Durant greedy.
not sure where we are going yet but should know in a couple days. U might as well just stay there til after my wedding
So... I work as a researcher for film & tv. It's 11 am, and I've already run into 4 things I needed Wikipedia for.
Congrats to the front desk staff for their big win in the pumpkin carving contest! Thank you to all the guests who voted!
Is there some freak of nature possibility that I might be able to wear shorts tomorrow????
Never be afraid to be kicked in the teeth. Let the blood and the bruises define your legacy.
i love his glasses too! He's so hot and a great teacher ;)
Always man! If we could somehow throwback to MTV summer in San Diego 2000, thatd be great son! haha
RT“ she said she hate how much she need him turn around, and say she don’t need him .”
But I'm hungry on the lowest of keys
., and are on the media panel.
Our new Mineral Skin Care line is now available on our website. Time to pamper yourself.
tell your sister she's in trouble if i ever meet her
Excited about the growing momentum to resist corporate control of our food system
my twitter family, My daughter was to start college yesterday, The cost $2500.00, Assist us with help, my Alertpay:
Let me guess, markets will rise and fall again in the middle of Feb.
i wana dye ma hair back to Black :)
right? It was a Kelis budget
yes we can talk on here. I'm fine, how u doing?
Happy Monday from ! Why not start your day off with a sweet crepe from FliP Crepes!
hahahhah I just saw that lol
that peppermint hot chocolate sounds amazing!!
R.I.P. Ken Russell.
Gonna be a great night!
this shit boring and im going to prom and need get shit done lol
Buying real estate is not only the best way, the quickest way, the safest way, but the only way to become wealthy.” -Marshall Field
We love our boys in and A year for you! Great job last night! Thank you all who came out and made the show awesome! :)
Realistically, could also simply absorb other depts into blob-like English Dept, anglicizing everything (so to speak)
dont put me on a pedistool , ill take myself off in a hot second . lol
The greatest danger for most of us is not that we aim too high & we miss it, but we aim too low and reach it. Michelangelo
hope the event went well tonight! Email me back with dates xo
OK u can send me the colour club nail polish and kerastase samples :)
Got soul surfer movie!!!
I would not have been surprised to wake up today to find out that Greece had left the euro. (maybe taking Portugal with her).
I have a feeling I'll be telling my kids about dial-up one day and they are just going to give me funny looks
Field (cont.): On one hand, authors can't deploy specialized acad. lang.; on the other, they can't deploy specialized acad. lang.
Let's go pacers last quarter lets finish these magic off got a magic stick lol ;)
Snowballing Into Happiness and Success #ThankYouMorePlease - XavierLT.com
Im bout bored right now, someone mention mhe
Happy 19th B-day to daughter #1 Sorry we're not there with u to celebrate.
really though there is a time when using #postgres isn't like getting punched in the face, right?
FOLLOWED❤ TO
Good Morning :)
Weekend #2 full schedule day. This Saturday. Flag football till 11AM. Then tackle football till 9PM @ Clackamas High School! Come see us!
*clearly it is officially spring, after March 21st... also clearly the champagne is still getting to me. Ahem.
idgaf it's 50 cent time
Dear intelligent -cough- person who decides to ride bike at night in a 2 lane ave.. you're asking for trouble, or you just hate your life.
MY BIKE IS HERE. :'D <3333
You're seriously the biggest bitch I know
Too many cutaways while the game is going on. Drives mie nuts as a fan.
Likewise! So nice to put a face and voice to the person I know online. Excited to collaborate!
how much does the $84.99 increase when you start adding HD boxes & DVR?
I actually enjoy everyone being away at college because every time they come home the drama seems to start.
thx, that's a good idea!
Do you check and see who's viewed your Linked In profile? Could be a new client source.
Rethinking the Unthinkable At #TEDx Evergreen
View problems as opportunities to rely more fully on God, as doorways to deep dependence on Him+increasing intimacy w/ God
Time for some paper kick ass time...at least the weather sucks
LA here I come..
#miroboday I think it's important to remember the FUN aspect of robotics as a draw for kids into #stem. Teamwork, fun, creativity
I'm broke! Buy my plane ticket!!!
Everyone's kissing...and im just playing with my bobs
Anyone wanna go to the movies?(:
I never do my math homework . -___- ' fuckfuckfuck,
Exactly. Don't think any of us are. But sure hate to see ppl pay the ultimate price for ignorance.
#mighty and #mightytaco are trending in #ROC today... something is wrong with this place
Ha, what a perfectly logical explanation! I’m going to start leaving random things in the freezer just to further confuse people.
I miss you guys too! Can we get rich so we can fly to each other every weekend?!
#castle very possible, but has good taste in views!
St Paul farmers market, Black Dog cafe, art, life is good.
but i expect we will have in nc some time soon!
Well thank you, that's very kind of you ": well of course! 😌"
#RETWEET 2 WIN TICKETS: #YoGotti Performing Live... W/ at #BoDi It'S gOnNa Be #KrAzY $2 DrInKs, FrEe #FoOd, #THURSDAY #BETHERE!
We know you will be.we'll pop in next time I'm in London, which should be soon.
Summer's just around the corner and United Synagogue Youth's summer programs are filling up fast. Apply now for 1 of 8 incredible...
Can't we all just get along?
Only way to make the #RedSox fans even more pissed? Sending #Middlebrooks down when #Youkilis is off the DL
Don't kill it
You have enemies? Good! That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Winston Churchill
Free ice cream between 5-8 at Ben and Jerry's if you tell 'em you voted... same for 12oz coffee at Starbucks!
Who would even think of a univ. named Western in Ontario? It would be like an Ohio univ. named Case Western..er..never mind.
In 1922, a 20-ton meteor crashed near Blackstone, Va. In 1930, Chicago's Adler Planetarium first opened to the public.
lmao yall both have a laugh that i end up laughing at
true that :{D
Don't you understand? you mean more to me than anything in this entire world
just like to emphasize the positive, call it an early
indentured servitude.
I've thought that before but come back to the state wanting stability in relationships that yield kids.
I am thrilled to be on the list!
happy hour has passed.
So when are you going to take me in your Dad's seats?
When making your first feature many people may say no, treat you like a dreamer or make you doubt. If you stop, you will fail.
O.K. iTunes.....why don't you have the season finale of Hawaii Five 0 online? WTF?????
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
happy to see gave you a #FF shoutout! glad to follow you! :-)
lol that's awesome
So man how ya been?
hey buddy!
Answer to both of your questions: BANANA WRANGLER!
RT : Don't deal with anyone who doesn't respect you!
Ok my tyrant is done. For now.
I am jack's complete frustration
On This Day in History: In 1971 Muhammad Ali battles Joe Frazier for the heavyweight boxing championship, the first of 3 such fights.
what type of shell do you use for the rum cake ball that sounds delic!!
#Common makes me WET!!!!!
BUT HE LOOKS LIKE ZAC EFRON . And thanks olivia . Your sweet (: Do you know jenny quanhkldhtubg . idk her last name , haha
Thanks for ur RTs. Appreciate it. Keep tweeting & gain lots of followers.
T.G.I.F.! Follow some of our awesome fans! You won't regret it :)
sorry to hear that! Karma will get them and if you're lucky you'll get to watch it happen
Showing a client how to use twitter
Also, with pennies! It cost the US more than change to make these two little coins.
At this point people may have heard the name of the brand or product but not know much more
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Theodore Roosevelt
Haters gonna hate!
Bent like a pretzel
Cleaning Covers with Dry Cleaning pad
-.- I left my Beats headphones on all night...and I am all out of batteries
Yiddish-speaking Jews, like his family. And happy Jews, who spoke Italian. (3/3)
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
FANTASTIC! Perfect travel toy from Thanks 4 sharing. She's getting SO big...
Online Meeting tonight 'The Savvy Actor, Presented By Kevin Cox
RT : Headed to the city in my #SportingKC shirt! <I travel in a car. Is this shirt like a magic carpet? If so, where do I get 1
It's on our band page on our facebook! www.facebook.com/armisticemaine
3 hour show on the #NFL schedule...the power of the NFL. wow!
RT : Lets start by introducing our incredible Biz Tips Experts --> , , &
thank you so much for the blog post. What size shirt u wear
don say that man
what's up punk lol
.: Every time I go to 2 Amys I literally want to bury my face in the Margherita DOC pie
Let's introduce CAUSES of CAUSES in med school curriculum. MAKE Policy, Public Hl, Nutrition, Exercise, Poverty, Social Justice mandatory
thats just a stereotype, i love 1D
RT : Always have hardcore porn open in case someone walks in on you live-streaming the People's Choice Awards.
Avatar 2 pushed back to 2016. Oh no! I guess I'll have to continue not to care
People who complain about people saying yolo are even more annoying then people who say yolo
things i've learned at #lssc12 so far: understand risk that an unexpected dependancy adds thru cost, track record, & initial risk level
That is the most bad ass Aries Ram ive ever seen
Home from the gym gonna eat than relax for little than work !
Dear man playing 'Alive' in the subway with the sleeping pitbull curled up inside your guitar case: You just made my day on so many levels.
what a nice day to go vote!
Sal Sunseri is a character. Glad he wants to win. Go Vols!
ha! something about him just says "after a few beers I'm a major dbag"
oh god it's so, so good. From the "Invite Them Up" album.
yeah...they came out kinda bigger then i wanted though...O.O
BREAKING NEWS: Gadhafi overthrows Kim Jong Il, becomes world's silliest-looking dictator.
Had a fun night at youth with (:
it was amazing!
just watched the Teen Wolf Trailer! i cant wait!
Barry IL home of George Nicol Baseball player from the 1800s
no, not at all in this case!
94 calories per tablespoon of peanut butter. Carrots are negligible.
when is it? Friday right?
We didn't get a chance to go out.
Thanks to my family, friends, and supporters. The Mayor's race is over, but the work to rebuild Baltimore continues.
Congrats Brian! Great news. How I miss playing
"replacing the tyrany of the expert with the tyrany of the crowd" problems of crowdsourcing geoweb
Tribute to Michael Jackson the King of Pop! Love, respect and eternal memory!..
Maybe it was ment to be....fuck that
100 followers thx guys :D <3 <3 love you !! keep on following help me reach my goal of 500 followers <3
I'd like to call it a Spring Swing but it's more like a roller coaster!
Aw, I got my first troll on Twitter!
Are u naked yet?
Hanging with the famous and awesome
If you have five dollars and Chuck Norris has five dollars, Chuck Norris still has more money than you.
Lie to me? What happened to that alien show?
is so scummy. The price of round trip ticket is $70... And then you get to the airport and get charged $80 for one carryon!
3 hours of sleep, cool. 😒
Btw , Shoutout to that screaming #Grizzlies fan kid in the Zach Randolph jersey
Don't forget to listen to #HoneyBadger himself on 4:15p with & ME! What do you want me to ask?
the speech from '08?
How does the local news model even survive? I'm puzzled
thanks for the follow... Keep up the good work!!!!
Thanks for the menion :)
There is none left in the cooler at work. I drank it all. Where can I get some more?!?
Tonight trumpeter/powerhouse VICTOR GARCIA will be featured w/my group Allerton Hotel 7-11pm.Half priced wines, free admission. Stop in
Police command staff to meet this afternoon with Capital and State police, Sheriff's and others to plan for tomorrow: Joel DeSpain
RT : Again, one anchor is acceptable, but twin anchors is preferred. Yes, I'm fat & hungry. What's it to you? TheHussle...oot!
Just got tix to your show in Chi. I want my money back.
Turning points in times of trouble required us to decide which way. Follow the Lord and He will see you thru.
HAPPY TUESDAY WARRIORS!!!!
dat b joe puffin dem shits
a cocky twat? Hermaphrodite?
Thunder outside, lights out....
never thought my track to a master's degree would lead me to debate sex work with a former miss teen usa contestant @ huff post
April is Child Abuse Prevention month. How will you be kind, caring, and good to children?
where is
Fuck it. I WILL put out.
Moody ass teenagers. Ugh
iamtheleopard Keith Henry Brown #Jazz #Graphicnovel on Eric Dolphy nearing end of #Kickstarter campaign! kickstarter.com/projects/keith…
No Lube
dede tellin bitches off. Good for u sir
Happy mother's day :)
Ok, give it up. What is your usual?
": "We don't live in a world of abstinence and unicorns!" "
When people think im talking about them >>> <<< A hit dog will holla .
#hannathemovie Great #German accents by Saorise Ronan & Eric Bana. Notice how they use S, D and F.
we all trry
Tour de France!
Our 2 newest franchises Jacksonville, FL. and Macon, GA opening soon. Welcome to the Money Mizer family.
If you are looking for Official Monumental Gear, please make sure you visit the Booth at the IMM Expo!
and I cannot wait to hear what he puts together for his impending compilation series!
Pretty train....oh shit its getting closer
http:/www.stephanieishere.com is what's happening and lots of swimming to prepare!
In making crepes, you can indulge your creativity - The News Journal
The real deal is that I'm not actively searching for my The One. It's been 32 years worth of learning, but life happens when it happens.
Get your applications in! AYA Spring 2012 #studyabroad awaits... and you don't want to miss out. Learn a language, live a dream!
Need to #MakeMoney? Call (559) 546-1147 Earn $3k to $4k a month! Put your wallet away! It's #Free!
thanks, love
Two hours of singing & dancing in already and just met the director of a very popular tv show who will be the director!
is registration still open?
Did the Sharks get the memo?! There are THREE periods in a hockey game!
Still playing around on the internet.
very nice
Silver lining we guess.....happy birthday in advance from The Prado. We'll be thinking of you!
My fiancé just ordered my wedding ring. I love it
a spectator at mile 4 of my leg complimented the Blue Ink shirt.
Tie game celtics vs hawks
Good Morning Albuquerque!! Let's Get Printing! We are busy with this Labor Day weekend approaching.
I guess you not talking to me today
#WeWontWork; if you let the microwave hit 0:00.
Cool, Jonas maybe ? :D
boom boom boom
The rain is really cooling this off! Nice!
It takes special equipment to be able to machine the ring, so this is why jewellers have not produced them in the past
#Problem all you Conservative NRA card carrying members probably have health insurance. I hope you don't catch something from the uninsured.
- We do offer couples massages. Great way to relax and enjoy the moment with someone.
Number one, even on Twitter.
So pumped to hear about the Dumb & Dumber sequel!
At times I look at my current achievements & give myself a pat on the back but I'm never satisfied.
Thank You for the #Fibromyalgia info. Been thru hell & back trying to get help for 7 yrs.
#Dodgers for $2bn? Amazed at the escalating value of sports franchises year after year. Monopolies + truly original content = $$$
I think u should follow me
ha ha! :) Start coming up with the names now - it was hard/took me forever. Poor Flossy was nameless for like 3 weeks!
yeah that's me minus 25lbs bahahaha :)
i have the same one.
On raising globally minded kids via : Investigate the world. Seek diverse perspectives & audiences. Take action.
Wish upon a shooting star...♥ (:
Can't. Mothers Day with the fam
Help us help the month, by a Valentine toffee box, and proceeds benefit the organization!
“: Jordan McNeil 2014 6'4 G Mount St. Joes(Team Sizzle 16).Long body.Can play 1-3.a chance to be a talent at the next level.”
I missed you kids on Sunday :(
We are doing wonderful. Excited to finally get our website up and running. Money for our furry babies.
Billboard awards. Success
Sounds interesting I never took one of those before.
Get to go see the inside of our new place tomorrow=) and if I like get that paperwork rolling (((crossing fingers))) SO excited!
im feelin like drake right now lol
Said the same thing. What a crook!
Wants to partayyyyyy :).
That old, bad joke gave Santorum such a headache he needs an aspirin!
Them legs they're lookin sp damn good..
I just like to give people a dose of reality :)
Any thing I ever do is never good enough..
I do! See what dates are open and we'll work something out!
I keep thinkin today Thursday..
We just updated the site. Check out the Campagnolo Record bike that was created for Art on the homepage www.spcarbon.com
Cision is so slow today, killing me...
I have the worst kink in my neck right now. I think I might need to put some heat on it.
no not at the gay bar I was thinking more along the lines or patrick romans, five guys, or some where else lol
Just had some of our #memory lovebread, I feel smarter already!
do you guys have any advice to get likes on a facebook page? (: thanks for any tips.
omfg, I wish I still had a FB to curse this bitch out wtfff?!
Went with the turkey sandwich today...excellent!
I have a friend who did one in Cincy last year... looks like fun!
once your up so high the stars seem to align<21
aaawwww :-) btw, Brent is still laughing over the bday card y'all gave him :-)
Bea Ar-turk: a grilled pressed wrap with turkey, bacon, swiss, onion, and a honey mustard mayo sauce. Served with fries.
I made an instagram & I already forgot my username
concert with you tonight, concert tomorrow night with the family, movies on Sunday, all while trying to raise $4K by Tuesday. LOL
Indeed! MT : Great to see my pals and at the #PlutoDay rally at ... next yr join in
RT : Takeaways: Leverage everything. Always Ask. Work Together. Do something remarkable.
Skipping lines at #Disneyworld www.inlinewaiting.com/2010/11/a-whole-new-line-no-one-to-tell-you-no-just-where-to-go-at-walt-disney-world/
have you seen any real estate over the summer?
Happy Birthday Joseph :)
Dow down, who would have seen this? No not the geniouses in Washington.
Thank you Tyler!
would you be interested in doing an interview either on the web or skype ?
<----- #mustfollow NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!
It was so sweet when justin thanked us at the end <3
heard you were coming to Milwaukee? I figured since you weren't answering the phone you were tweeting lol
Goodnight my followers & tweeters. ! Have a blessed night sleep ! God bless you! (=
did he finish it or just do the outline
cool stuff. Love the drums on that track
has great desserts! Since they're so great, #TallyCardz holders get 1 FREE when they purchase 2.
Proud member of the He-Man Woman Haters Club
“: That awkard moment when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it testicles.” hahaaaa
we used to pay for Opera here at SE/A, but stopped at some time. I didn't have it reinstalled when I got my last new machine.
Sittin here thinkin, bout all the shit you said to me. Even though we just made it, you got me drinkin heavily
It's time to stop allowing the enemy to have his way & take this generation back! Having Godly character & walking in holiness IS cool!
I need to slow down
why did you delete your tweets with Seth? and for what it's worth, i was 100% on your side
Anytime and btw your my favorite!!!;)
Thank goodness this is a 4 day week. IU bound with on Friday! (:
that awkward moment when a whale won't stop following you
Pisses me off how I keep gettin spam messages on here and some how sending them. If you get one from me then I'm sorry.
Looking for four female #Models who want to make some #Model for #birthday bash . Hit me I need a team of 4
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us.
Have 42 books to read and write analysis on for the summer... 15 of them I haven't purchased yet. gotta say, university publishers kill me
Me, too. But at least it's my birthday! lol
+1 RT : Are older metrics stifling innovation asks the future lab? Probably...
Scott Pilgrim at my place with everyone and their mamas.
I always forget this dress has pockets.
Join us Sun 1-5pm on the patio. Free music from Julian Sizemore & $5 beef tenderloin small plates from BS Sauce includes glass Grove Merlot.
If Texas A&M makes it to the will you be in #Omaha to cheer the Aggies on? Gig 'em
Lifter Fails To Gain Olympics - Manila Bulletin
#GoTribe Indians going to pick up Damon from free agency. Hope this helps the bats
And with an antitrust suit going on now with Apple and the big six (and in the news) right now?!
Awesome Joba doesn't forget his roots": getting the 1st win for the fans and state of Nebraska against Arizona State"
RT Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Love all people except Democrats and non Christians. Cautiously like all of those from like a safe distance and make sure they're sanitary.
I will be there! I can't wait to see you!!!
good good , Hbu
RT : RT : If Gaga Was To Lose Album Of The Year . We're Gonna Trend " We Love You Gaga " Okay Monsters . RT
#GeorgeKottaras with the clutch rip!
Friends, please be careful w/ #credit. This #economy is too fragile for taking on #debt. One thing we've learned is danger of over extention
Grateful for remarkable friends with whom there are benign and good similarities.
Great mw2012 conference. Thanks Nancy and Titus (and Pearl)
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today :)
anything to support someone who is paving a path where few have traveled on!
Just offered a 4 night stay @ the Natty Shack in PCB, perhaps I need to class up my act & start being SMOOTH!
haha oh. I feel stupid
Thanks, Tamara. How was the movie?
I sense ret-con RT : But... then why did the other fellow support their gesture with a badge, rather than by doing it with them?
NEW! School Lunch Fraud Investigation: Watch #CBS 6pm Sun. Eve News (unless there is a golf overrun). Who's cheating taxpayers??
Wow golfing is way harder then it looks! ⛳
Lexie I liake that! However family must come first always! Then God and Country!
Be encouraged...we go through NOT stay in! You can make it!!
#theyneedToBringBack the old mtv man
Our #Spurs #socialnetwork is growing rapidly! Join today with your Twitter account...takes 30s - Go to >>> www.SpursConnect.com #GoSpursGo!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways, Love you always , stay at your side , be your best friend , and cherish the moments you spend together.
I dont have a phone anymore so twitter is slowly fading from my social network priority list lol
The way you walk that's me, the way you talk that's me, the way you got your hair did you forget that's me?
I hate when skinny people call themselves fat just to get compliments
RT : last night was great David! thank you so much!
Teacher literally just told us to google her playboy spread from the 70s
Color correction at today!
Morning world ☺
Remember those walls I built? Well baby there tumbling dowwn.and they didn't even put up a fight, they didn't even make a sound.. <3
Thanks for the follow! Hope your weekend goes well!
what's good my dude.
My soul faint after you... Seeking your glory!
I was really worried about what this picture was going to be of. #Seewhatididthere?
That I just drove a teal blue bus to my house in the middle of the night is nothing less than absurd. But totally awesome.
ED FSA session on Two-Factor Authentication announces plans to issue physical tokens to 90,000 privileged users to address security
what's going on...you in town
the best person ever I love him and always will support him he's amazing! I wish he would follow me !!(:
blog post I saw going around recently that seemed very much a rehashing of Serano's work.
All #CES #celeb spotting, sponsorships w/ on the floor in Las Vegas #OFC. US #1 voice Ted Williams make an appearance yet?
K-Rod getting loose. Kottaras on-deck. Looks like Greinke's day is done.
Wondering who is still serving food on Las Olas?!?! WE ARE!!! Late Night Menu till 1am!! Come on in!!! ;-))
HEY I made a new 1D Twitter and it's called , will you please follow it for me? It's really funny!!!
why is being naked in public against the law? anyone?
hooray erin! see you soon!
i didnt get my hair wet at all when it airdrys it looks like a dogs tail.
sounds but no visual. Only at AMC
Thx! I will!
Very cool to meet you all there
You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you.
Happy to be waking up at the beach-- even if it is at Toddler o clock.
Where is everybody lately?
Getting ready to head to yosemite to checkout tenaya lodge for #waml13. Never been, excited to see the grandeur and get outside a bunch.
where are you going?
Whats a good app for the iphone if you're training for a 5k #idontwanttodie ?
Now tell me how u love it u know at the top, and on the heavens right above it
I know you all too well!
": bahaha you are wildin' on twitter." Help me shes drunk & Im sober :(
The Question of Palestine!
this is insane. let's see if they can get Jones sent off in the FA Cup vs. Everton to go for the hat trick.
Now following
Mosquito bites <<<< But at least that means summers coming! :D
# InterviewQuestion How does a good boss act? #Jobs Always say a great manager uses a cross between task and people skills!
needs 2 realize What kesha said & how she said it WAS NOT the same way she took it. I hope viewing how it was said T feels diff
was talking about positive psych and #3goodthings with friends, then saw your tweet. Thanks for inspiring!
Thanks for all the great recommendations you guys!
lee starting to get crazy smh!
Its always a GREAT day in my book when that faggot lebron takes the L.
that video was crazy!
Positive thinking
No more blackberry. R.i.P. I miss you greatly. best phone I've ever had.
chef, is it true the darker the berry, the sweeter the juice?
I'm looking forward to fellowshipping and speaking with the Brothers in St. Louis tonight.
- I'm honored - thank you!
thx4 the offer, man. I'm trying to balance a heavy workload with a lil' time to chill a bit. Gym-time w' my Marines!
hey hey hey! Pleasant surprise!
250 lbs of sexy
Donating plasma and they are playing Bayonetwork by over the speakers....this old dude next to me looks pissed haha
Nice! I'll get those next. First time here, and the food is amazing! Thanks for the heads-up!
WOW!!! not looking like a team with a chance to CLINCH home field thru the playoffs!! #purplecitybirdgang need a miracle !!!
yeah.lmao he was like "you focus more on them than me.." &i said "lemme guess you wanna break up?" & he was like "yeah..ithink"
Why do I feel like it's going to be this way all year long? Lots of 1 run games for the Brewers I like to call the after-Prince factor.
praying for them “: About 75 percent of tiny Thurman, Iowa, destroyed by possible tornado, officials say - ”
If there was a zombie outbreak we would be too distracted by Obamacare & Trayvon shooting to notice. Im sure other news is going on? No?
ok, i'm back from school :) funny day.
As We say Goodbye August...:-) We say A Big Hello September!
Bern u good in time
Message me/Hit me up when you come through and we'll make it happen for sure.
countered ur offer, which was fair but hate trading bat for arm
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 6
thanks for coming out honey. When's the next adventure?
“: I don't leave much room in my future for people who left me in their past.”
Gottlieb: Asked Rizzo how much he makes. Rizzo coughs out, $700k. whispers "Jesus Christ." Gottlieb says, "how much?"...
The Kills? Killing me. Where are the Raconteurs?
considering hunkering down and getting a real job some day.
Anyone who has played can participate in the exit symposium.
I'm wishing for a trip to the UK... have a dear friend in London and I never visit. But I'd take SLC too! Happy travels,
Davis, Jones, Gilchrist, Lamb & Teague enter NBA Draft. We'll file that under least surprising news in history.
It's always great to have a good art reason to go back someplace!
Hey....that means something....right?
From publisher to Gensisus Book of World Records to now a State Dinner in Australia. I am so busy since my media in PDX in Jan
your photo might give it away.
Why double? Based on what?
Matti rode 7.5 miles beside me while I ran. Great father/daughter time.
It takes two to have an argument.
sorry about that! We're looking into it!
DISGUSTING!`` Use your power 2 boycott the rag that did this
She got the scholarship? YAY!!! :))))
Im confused.. Is Hurricane being sarcastic about the senior prank, or wad it seriously good?
RT “: smh at u....*runs away and cry* lol” | I promise I'll keep in touch lol
it's not me is it ?
Praise & Worship at home is soothing to the spirit. Tonight let the spirit of God into your home.
iM PROTECTED BY THE SPiRiT SO DEATH iiON FEAR iT♥
: nah.. I'm good on that.. Keep in touch on your first coaching gig!
right bc i dont want you over the balcony...
Honestly i want my own Son/Daughter
what are the boxes? I have an Android so I don't see it.
I don't think this worked right, man.
you need an otterbox for your phone...
I hear that man. All about perspective
Closing for the summer, open one day a week next school year. This hardly supports my rock and roll lifestyle.
shoot, you've got it made if you have a humidifier and vicks. Love that stuff. It's 5am over here. Sleep would be nice :(
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time ☺
you'll be glad to know I am awake for #shehechat at least at the moment.
All of the Shen Yun musician's voices are all very wonderful.
Come on #Devils! Lets make this a 2 - 0 series!
T-ball pratice!
do a twitcam!!!!
Libraries with fortified walls. Not everyone can enter. May need to take An exam. Anyone can enter even if they need help.
random people will give you funds to build things, especially if offered something cool in return :)
thanks for the follow as well! I'm working tonight... but did get to do some golfing this morning, so that was great!
Great set during SOYA live show last night! Awesome job!
#happythanksgiving to all my fam & friends..to all the military, service workers & thiers..we r thankful 4 your service..God Bless!
It's a chilly, but gorgeous day out there! Happy #LundiGras everyone!
This terrible indigestion is my body's way of telling me that I shouldn't have eaten an entire buffet.
we can have a talent show.....where everyone does The Kailee. WE WOULD MAKE SO MUCH TEHEH
I'll sleep when I'm dead
It's okay to go to bed with slippers, right?
I have a feeling he might have taken the cash. Never trust a man in a dumpster.
The accordion adds a lot to a band! Of Monsters & Men doing it right!!
I feel sad.
Where are you? All you piggies ready for tomorrow?
Let's become professors. Women's studies? I say yes. Become heroes of our generation? Sounds like a plan.
True. Having kids to save a bad marriage is *bad.* But having kids can make a good marriage better.
They are memories on my feet, and my canvas to make a statement.
attempting to learn the thief from the hugo score on piano. it sucks not to have sheet music. Shit! i finally did one chord! (fail)
Jerry ;D yes, I might be late but oh well
- tired: tired of state budgets. tired of politicians. tired of democrats. tired of republicans.
is it me or is #Refworks clunky today?
Chick Video Converter download - Download Chick Video ...
DENVER, I'm still recovering. Thanks for a great First Waltz and Uke Fest.
Fruit beats robots if you're human & enjoy living.
I don't wanna think I just wanna drink
do u look at or consider submissions w/o a referral? If so, what makes u decide to bring them in for an interview?
Home form jewlery party! Now sleepover with the cuz!
The Colors Blue and Red
Players can be manually added to the player pool.
Thanks for the follow<<33
And you guys were right! I like it!
#youknowyoubrokewhen your momma put a piece of paper on the tv and call it paper view
Remembering all of those who were lost 10 years ago today.
My early birthday wish would be for to RT this, reply to me or follow me(: either would be great you know since my bday is on wed.
Thanks for the #ff!
Tiger loses Tour Championship to Michelson and wins $10,000,000 and Fed Ex Cup.. www.pgatour.com
what's the first thing we both do in the morning? Check our selves out...
4 NEW FANS SWEET!!!!
Our new single is done and ALMOST ready for release...
well dont be lazy you dont need to be active you can just sit up or something just stand straight
You name the day/time and we'll be there!! :)
America is the most powerful nation and we have the most debt. We are the wealthiest, so what does that make debt.
To my Dallas peeps, be safe and take cover!!
but , i'm in other kind of fog.
i got to meet his parents yesterday lol it was worth the wait, i had the chance last month but it was my fault :(
A daily dilemma of my own!
Good Morning! 😊☀
the is your place to watch all the playoff action. 52 LCD screens and 12 HD projectors. Every game!!
[Campus Bulletin] Don't know about you, but we sure are ready for a long weekend after that exhausting week of classes.
Hwk and talking about ! :)
Miley who?
9pm is my new bedtime. loving my little delaney ruth.
You're definitely right about that!
I love 90's music videos
we hope everyone starts playing racquetball. where do you guys play at?
I want to. My husband has a manual but he doesn't really want me to learn on his. :)
My mom said she was proud of me yesterday that made me feel so gud :-)
- you're right. Plus w/capital gains taxed @ 15%, those wealthy enough to have a fair amount of income from investments pay even less
O.o i have a guess who xD but good luck!!
Or, you could use 's plugin and save yourself the torture. Have the drink anyway, 'cause encoding is better w/Scotch
RT : Jerry Kramer can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Bra bullies! hahahah Lucky for me, I can't fit into any of that shit.
awe so sweet! Travel safe and God bless u and the family. Listened to your testimony last nite and am rejoicing with u...GBU
What a great eve with the 6:13 Men at JFBC. Hearing from many who shared they have a similar story. Comforting to know we battle together.
Iight!!! I been here since Thursday..
yes @/olivia_holt take out the slash.
wahhhh have fun!!! Can't be there :( at the hawks game! Next time fo sho!
Paul Newman is such a badass in Color of Money. Need to watch Cool Hand Luke again.
REMEMBER - the good bowlers and the bad bowlers UNITE - FEBRUARY 19th!!!
We are glad to have your back!
Mark your calendars! The 29th Annual Chuy's Hot to Trot 5K & Kid K benefiting Special Olympics Texas, is May 5th... CINCO DE MAYO....
NEW DEMO WILL BE UPLOADED TODAY >:]
Thanks for the MT re alum
it was me!
I'm a sucker for a baseball player
Through the use of socialmedia I plan to track my progress w/ diet & lifestyle changes. I'm only competing w/ MYSELF to be the best me!
Apparently you got to be a negative black stereotype to be on TV. Or the worst example of a role model. Or Lebron James. Or Kobe Bryant.
They certainly speak their own language. :)
3 mini music beatmixes just got added!
#NC: I tweeted earlier that Maurice #Sendak was with his partner for 50 years. Almost glad he didn't have to see what you've done today.
You're funny with the kale cupcakes. Working off those extra holiday lbs., cutting back on the sweets, even the #gf ones. <3
great ? that keeps on coming up. I think no, to curate you have to value add, not simply aggregate.
Hahaha ok thx, deal. that would be funny haha
"Lady Gaga has incredible brand strength, the most Twitter followers."- Lynn Zettler
What, is that the Elephant Man's mitten?
It was the most entertaining play of the game.
A nice cold shower sounds good right now especially after a workout Ah
Picked up my dress, now off to make my makeup appointment.
Interviewed guy to replace me at my job. Here's a tip for interviewees- take off your Patagonia fleece beforehand!
We are SO excited and can't wait to see pictures! RTThe are here!
Hope our MVP's enjoy their special gifts.
Can't went to have a birthday fiesta for my BFF tomorrow! 🎉🎈🎁
Lmfao what?! stop being all serious! (: im fucking with you, stop PMS ing!!(:
Hi Jeets. Greetings from DR! :)
We need to catch up! Hit me back and let's chat. Miss seeing you make things "vanish":-)
#PoorMansBand is sounding sick!
I see Devon Still up there and all I can do is Pray Phils knows our History with Penn State.
i got money on my mind
Great Locals
daenerys the mother of dragons !!!
Congrats to all! RT: san diego music award nominees anncd! leads w four nods, followed by /
Hold up. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Jesus Christ.
Wednesday lunch special - Sea Bass "Hong Kong Style."
every time i watch the a walk to remember i get so emotional :'(
Burnstein advises teaching more of an overview at early grades: modeling from atoms to planets.
how can you see my outfit from there?
Have an awesome evening sir.
did u hear about dad's car?
Thank you to all the heroes who participated in yesterday's blood drive!
pretty good yourself? I think you pulled into the neighborhood behind me the other night haha
But Luc put the 1 sign down then hit the bottom of his catchers mask to indicate he wanted hi-fastball again. Molina struck out to set up DP
- that's four more than I know :-)
#theverge event was pretty hilarious - look for more Sigrid clones in 2012
Was just told I should work in fashion due to my great sense of style :-)
good evening Chris,,all good today,,gr8 sign for the week!
Lols Today Was Chilling !
Watching the #masters - love to watch #bubba grip it n' rip it!
Is anyone even going?
i cant believe carefree little nialler smokes wtf! This is the cause of the stress and pressure these boys are under!
WATCH: iamwhoiam 'play' official music video
Happy Saturday folks. Do something fun today, like go outside and play. :)
a kid I went to high school is zenons third cousin. Haha small world
good night and happy cinco de mayo
me to
at #LsmChicago listening to team pitches right now
ATTN: Who wants to go to the Cornbread eating contest with me and tomorrow at ???
I know right!
The art of Lady Envie is showing at until the end of the month in room 15. % of any purchases goes to charity.
Fiction winner: Salvage the Bones by Jesmyn Ward
So just used 'being overwhelmed by tacos' as an excuse for being late to work the merch table. Should I fire her?
Congratulations to Benny The Beaver from Oregon State University, the 2010 Capital One Mascot Challenge Write-In Winner.
#hahaha I am still Learning just having fun. No #concerts as of now. Just working on
#9RoundMinute: 20 Speed skaters followed with a 30-second Plank! Lets go, #Madison!!
I will eventually go cold turkey and I will expect as much moral support as you do 'stalking'. :)
Out of $1500 HORSE. Ran awful Disappointing cause that's the event I was looking forward to the most. Out of $330 super w 10s vs As 22 BB
This Clippers/Grizzles game is cool but not really. The Spurs are going to run through whichever team that makes it.
I can't believe I slept on the fact that is playing in the Bay tonight. FACK FACK FACK FACK *FACK*!!!
Heading to #Denver to #coach a great company and see wonderful friends.
I would totally go to a #warof1812 documentary watching party!
Tagged is proud to be a sponsor for 's San Francisco Mixer on May 26th. See you there! j.mp/mtWEiF
will read Lizza & agree legislative accomplishments exist. But, GOP obstruction not responsible 4 Geitner, Summers, & Immelt.
-- Yea Him Too
there is a person named Travis porter lol
#4famouswords I am so done !
It's #ChocolateChipDay everyone! What chocolate chip ice cream will you be getting at Sebastian Joe's?
Gluten free pancakes at Key's cafe #minneapolis. Life is great!
Cant believe school starts Thursday gonna be going to the big kid school
Tom: What did the banana say to the elephant? Nick: I don't know. Tom: Nothing. Bananas can't talk.
So I was watching WMYB music video just to see the girl in the background and SHE REALLY IS THERE :O so flackin creepy!!!
Does Koby play for the NO Saints? Seriously!!! Lay off hacker.
Listening now, I kind of like it, actually. Who's hating?
Marlins playing like shit. 😡😡😡
We FALL, for Fall every year. What's your favorite Fall activity?
Tax Day is no fun, but these freebies can make it better!
Im at BW3's
u kno my bday next month I'm talking bout coming to the h
Thanks for the follow
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. -Earl Nightingale
I never have any idea what you're talking about
i miss
"Don't Hate. Accelerate." :
I'm getting paid to 'promote', it's business. ;) (& it's working)
#healthtip: Thin-skinned fruits and vegetables have higher levels of pesticides in them
HEY I FEEL U ON DAT I ROCK WIDD IT NO LIE LET EM KNOW WAT IT IS
