beginning work on my #ChristmasAlbum today! These are a few of my Favorite things is the first track today! YAY!
man I can digg that. I loath fake bitches
Congrats!!! RT Done. And it feels so good. Now, what next? #master's
Everyone please tweet to and ask him to follow so she can win a bet. beg if you have to. shes a doll
attempting to write Spanish and watch #MadeInChelsea at the same time..
On this day in 1862, as Johnston retreated from Yorktown, skirmishes broke out at Williamsburg, foreshadowing the following day's battle.
Ha mizzou! That's what happens when you leave the big XII!
#IWasThatKid that fell in love with you on March 6, 2011. <3
Jen we love you! Thank you so much for your support!!
There is more to life than chasing men and women...
Excellent! Will need to figure out playtesting schedule for most recent set of card tweaks.
Aggravating Ass
trust no man, fear no bitch.
I wish!
RT : FEC is THE place 2 go in Newark 2 b financially empowered. Average resident sees income increase over 10%:...
looking to connect with ethnomusicologists for new project on urban street music in E Africa.
Hello Keith RT : Hello Seattle! We R now on Twitter. 4 all your hair salon needs pls visit us @ www.CoupeRokei.com
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
I love you Dan Hornbuckle! Cant wait to see where you fight next!!!
Thanks to our new followers #FF LeighaMaerz6514, , ,,,,
yup!! keep voting until the last second!! :D
Haha. Suck it redhawks. RT : when's the last time UCSD lost a football game??? TRIGHT-ON!!
Watching the only *pure* baseball left remaining ..and that's college baseball. Geaux Tigers!
I always appreciate when shuffle reminds me that it's time to listen to BUFFY SAINTE-MARIE.
It's the playoffs got ups and downs still nothing to worry about
People keep telling me that I have a fine husband, like they're surprised I could hook a fine man! 11 years and still going strong.
he is still a genius!
Hi Kellin. I love you.
Where does the line get drawn on open-data with taxpayer funded GIS ? Not all data is or should be open.
People gonna talk regardless that's just the life we live
What do LSU and the moon have in common? They both control the Tide!
of course :)
I'll email you tomorrow. Delivery to Gilbert?
Big game tonight. Let's fucking go Bruins.
Yes sir
What's everyone doing to enjoy this beautiful evening in #NYC? It almost feels like summer!
KY is confident.
We're at Blue Nile tonight with special guests Topaz and the Dirty Dozen Horns...show starts at 10pm don't miss it!
Could be that I'm still somewhat refreshed from my brief vacation, but most of the readings at #bocas2012 were lively
Buckskin Harley Coat | Why The Video
nice! hey i'm gonna come back from my other account so tweet me there
that's true. I think, however, that regardless of our personal experience, the article does describe something truthful about society
yo yo since you don't have a bbm you should kik me :)
Feels good to be home. Oh, wait a minute...
I het to be a man united fan tonight H
Prepping for #AdWars: "Matt, what was the Schlitz slogan for years?" "It's gross?"
Why do you have a criminal defense fund?
Is "founder" supposed to be "flounder" in the last paragraph :P
agreed! SO strange when someone is totally off the radar and un-google-able ;)
w hats going on how are u
yeah we just left there actually. Plenty lost dogs lookin all sad. Smh. =|
I got a spam email addressed to David Booth. Obviously, I'm not David Booth, but thought that was pretty cool and odd.
I wonder whats justin bieber up to...
thats whats up! I can't wait :)
RT My cat keeps licking his paws. I thought, why would he do that all day? So I licked them. They're delicious.
Thanks for posting..I just saw this, sorry.
Tiered 5gb, took a while to convince my own iPad that it was me asking...
Unholy mackerel. You actually like Twitter?
Exactly my thought. Pop-up business opportunity: identified.
#missing How's the East Coast treating you?
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.video ON YOUTUBE
i love you youre so adorable aha": The Dr. said to keep drinking liquids. I need more juice boxes."
Because of the high winds today we will not be serving...we should be back tomorrow...HJ
No problem! Following, complete.
Oh come come. It's easy! Here let me help. "Hey , I was thinking about a Spankathon tomorrow. What do you think?"
Somebody's been putting used punk records out on the shelves!
I just finished a 2.22 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I am planning to attend Escape and hoping to bring many teachers from my school. Thanks for hosting!
"He taught me that there's no limit to what you can accomplish if you don't care who gets the credit." on Jack Goldman and PARC
I could really use a massage right now
love that place!
Laying out at the beach watching dolphins play in the waves :)
good morning
check out www.everywebbs.com !
It's taken a half hour to drive half a mile. #Seattle, why do you flip out at the mere sight of a snowflake?
I need some too RT Caffeine please.
Massillon. NE part of the state
I'm going to the one in Portland, OR. Got tickets as a Christmas gift.
ahahaa me funny :D
did I acquire the affected "might should ought to" from the same spring as was sourced "and but so"?
Great pic - love the use of tech in the room and the carpet up front!
Guess what? My Gnomes are coming back to Etsy! I've been working hard on renovations. No ETA yet, but they're coming back!
You need to step up your tweet game bro.
Did anything funny happen online today? We like to stay up to date what is trending online so help us out!
U never even fb
thank you!! I'm really happy with how they came out!
just a tad bit lol
That awkward moment when you realize you were once in a promo video with the dude from Local Brew/
Closer to $40.
listening online to Wasting Light by
Thanks I enjoyed the chat and look forward to bringing a fresh perspective to iOS vs. Android app development discussion.
um...do i have to answer that
Why did the chicken cross the dusty road twice? Because she was a dirty double-crosser
#RockCenter about Bin Laden assault is an amazing piece of journalism
aha, I always go with "a Twitter handle" unless you're referring to a specific name of one
LOL Sean's never heard of Louby's aka Loubou's aka Louboutin's??! This is just as bad as the Katie Morgan thing Smh
I keep telling myself it will pay off
#INTHECLUBTEXT oh yea... I see u wit ur bitch:-)
My knee is feeling a lot better ^.^
4sho u still here in town 2
Steady playing David Sanborn on the 5 freeway, convertible top down, just killing it right now
discussing metagaming, how do you take the indoor outdoor?
Wired in mansfield is the cool place to play shows and hang out, welcoming arms, they fed us, and gave a great show and crowd. Thanks guys!
Eating me some lean pockets, bc rez hates fat people.
Thursday kick off your w/ Cindy Scott at on at 7p & at the Fest on Friday 12:30 JazzTent
Hey #hyperlocal #BloggersWeLove! If you're wondering where I am, I'm tweeting over Please follow me there :) -
Thank you! We are so excited!
20 days and 0 hours remaining until I turn 20! 😜
but the way marson calls games and santana gets on base lineup is better with matty on the bech
Paul Silas. Like he ever had a chance? Never been a good coach.
Im home and thinking!!
Why hello. (;
lol. Samee heree! Like seriously, im like legit starting to hate everyone I knoww. Lolol
I promise no one will put up with your bullshit the way I do.
Make sure you "like" or post comments on our page. Each time you do so you earn a chance to win a free bag of coffee!
Girls Night Out has kicked off! Stop by for free samples and good music w/ a $10 donation.
RT : Red Sparowes and iced coffee // So much win here
I had school ._.
Thanks as always for LA Daily mention!
WHERE DID MY VOICE GO. I lost it. Apparently it's sexy but i don't believe it. Come back, voice.
If I can switch the intro and conclusion of this paper, is that a good sign? Or a bad one?
Is NOW on Twitter.
The best thing to do is join our community (free) and star networking with actors/producers etc..
Gave up on doing anything school related
Judgement Day is today!
i do!!! thats such a good idea!
Do you have any summer reading recommendations for a college student and aspiring attorney?
Tip Of The day: Put some Perfume On your Strawberry Kiwi Btt 😊
Loyalty to friends and loyalty to certain basic principles are essential to success in any sphere.
Getting ready to take baby girl number two home...
I can #smellthealpha from here
When he calls just to say he misses you >> Made my night just a litttleee better.
thank you for following us, we can show you whats up, call us.
RT : Board followers are 5x more likely to share than profile followers on Pinterest
Back End Affiliate Marketing
I totally hear where you're coming from!
Happy National Poetry Month everybody!
#RonPaul2012 #RonPaulArmy Nikki speaks truth about Obama. Peace, Freedom, Liberty. Bigger issues than Kanye and Lindsay.
I wouldn't mind if that is a reputable journal, like, um, Science.
on FoxSports Radio, said the #Jaguars just contacted the #Vikings about the No. 4 pick.
talk to grandpa. tell me whats wrong
Feel That Happy Feeling....
What's the political landscape looking like in Iowa? and gave us an overview on
wheres your party dude?
I hate how for the past ten years the public couldn't care less about #whitneyhouston NOW that she's died b/c of her disease it's so tragic.
I loved reading Tweak after Beautiful Boy - two sides to one story, and insight on parent/teen interactions
Ever watched "An Affair to Remember" with Cary Grant & Deborah Kerr? One of my favs. Gets me every time.
I'm still here for you:)
#epicfail RT : Your son throwing up his sets on Facebook....ok
But really getting hacked was not ok
hahaah exactly :) I'm not gonna worry until something else happens
AARP's says a great photo can be better (&more effective) than text content - shareable on multiple platforms.
This is a make it happen kind of day
It's lookin bad for
thanks 4 the
I follow a lot of ppl 2.
Hi there. I will definately spread the word. Count on it!! Many blesisngs 2 you :)
But you're neither friend nor foe though I can't seem to let you go
Hey, thanks.
very interesting, thanks! Another good thing to use as a wrap up to this unit. Wondering how to adapt tho
Fuck Cinco De Mayo...Them Mexican motherfuckers won't even talk to you half the fucking time.
im a guy from MCCP. R3D. Ya taht guy
VCs aren't just going to hand u a wad of cash to use as u wish. They want to know how ur going to use it, what the ROI will be
Listening to Justice reminds me
lol im done
Is it really supposed to snow tonight / tomorrow? #Pittsburgh weather,
I love your tweets. Just sayin.
Sitting in my last class. Ever.
is confused
"We go by the original book. The sequals never work out." #quote - anonymous Jewish man
would love to pick your brains and buds...let's connect IRL.
Ravens game on CBS
Excited for the weekend! Bff throwing me a b-day party tomorrow then filming on Sunday with for !
there is a tag on your shirt.
Sam Kass on Compass: phenomenal report and phenomenal work.
Shazam the Chevy sonic commercial, hands down the best usage of marketing tools uniting across channels! Brilliant!
Never read Hunger Games, but I did thoroughly enjoy Battle Royale.
I find it hilarious how someone jocks my idea, xD
just hang'n with family right now (: we get together Sundays
When I started grad school (in 1994!), my Greek professor required us to set up our email with secure passwords using a number/letter combo.
Having a sense of humor is a good and bad thing only if you saying bad jokes about good people!!
` these graphics on this mutha fucka cold though
Big thanks to the 2 females in the accord in front of me for having a dance party w/me in this mornings traffuk. Made my morning.
Size queens message me
Hopefully, Sophia is experiencing a growth spurt and will mature out of her youth-based prejudices.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see, Hail the incarnate Deity Pleased as man with man to dwell, Jesus, our Emmanuel
those on his door those purple things
I wanna go bowling again !! Even tho I suck
Oh you look so pretty! I love your outfit, its so cute! How did you get into the party? :)
$25 for One Month of Unlimited Tanning Services at U Tan in Madison. This is a 55% discount. www.dealoria.com
Beer exchange? I'll send you some of the newest NM beer if you send me a couple of those!
what happened to your unthink. Site is down and no news?
Jay, Tebow's bandwagon should be called, "The Tebowbile."
It's NOW approximately 2 weeks until the official GRAMMY category nomination announcements.
Why am I do obsessed with "linger" by the cranberries right now? Hahaha I blame it on click. Good movie. -T
RT : The most reliable way to save face is to keep the bottom half of it tightly closed.
COMMON SENCE WILL TAKE U PRETTY FAR! ALOT OF U NEED SOME IN YA GAS TANK.. ha' #IGNNAANT!
ahaha me too
Too much stress lately. But not ready for gunfire!
got it
"Doritos Proposal" currently rated #1 on the VCK leader-board. Hope the judges feel the same way :)
Should be respect honestly be "earned." I give it regardless of who you are until you lose it .... IJS
Trying in vain to create a account; it acts like it accepted my acct, invites me to log in, & claims I have no acct w that email.
well yes, yes you may.
Now its cold as hell in here
I Like Good Head And Bomb Reefer
Michael Dell talks about the company’s plans to release a business-friendly tablet which runs Windows 8. - Bloomberg
We will be building storify recap of #uwsocial #smbmad - don't let us down - academic wit, live pics & support of sponsors highly desired!
Aww, yeah, twitter. It's about to get real. As in REALLY AWESOME because I'm going to start reviewing YA Lit... as soon as I have time.
haha, unfortunately I can't really hit, Brewers fans would not be happy
YOU groaned? That's my BIRTHDAY! And it's in the middle of the day, ruining all other, you know, actual fun plans!
I did a mile in 5:52.. That's my fastest mile haha.
Work, work, work all day long. Work, work, work while I sing this song.
At Disney World a foreign missionary said, "If one man and one mouse can do all this, what can God and one woman do?" Love that!
thanks so much! :). it was easy to feel great wearing #houseofcach ! hope to see you soon!
They've branded us enough, Outlaws of Love
Thanks. Sad to see the downfall of a great player who has lost his way.
Picture A
Can't believe how many of these are religiously tied out of the top 10 most read books.
Thanks for following me, Wendy. All best. An animal lover here, too. Great of you to have such a caring heart for others.
>>soon..I'll be April 9th..it's commin:)
What are the tix for? Sorry, but I'm camping all weekend so prob can't make it but THANKS for thinking of me. ;-)
Getting my workout on before dinner and the Bulls game.
let me process it for a minute and talk with my parents first.
Your good health is a gift that needs special care. Eat well, excercise and relieve stress whenever you can.
Big fine country gal wit a cajun appetite >>>>>>>
My little brothers friends are perverts. I swear our next generation is gonna be preggo at the age of 10 or some shit..fuck disgusting.
when i read this I thought it said "I KILLED MYSELF" I was like "Dude, are you okay and how are you tweeting.." lol
that sir was a long time ago in a galaxy far far away. If Juan Uribe hits .240 20 HR 65 RBI I can die happy
Well then we must not drink 151
Ugh bout to start this over night
Boudoir Thursday launches TONIGHT! Check out the WILD decor at 701 C Street. Hosted cocktails from 9-10pm. Must RSVP to www.944.com/boudoir
About to go out to eat .
beacon theatre? I wanted tickets to that one
The feeling of still being jacked up from yesterday when you hit the gym today!
Lol, im sure he does that every night.. and O.o how strange of you, miss i love my long hair :p
A confident girl doesn't show off her naked body, she shows off her naked face.
i bet you can cook coming from the south i think i am in love what is youre best dish
Thx! Hope things are going well in TX - I'm in SF, was sad to leave I'm now w/ , a cool #edtech co
Some days it's like, damn it, I'm way too good looking to have to deal with this bullshit.
This shyt is all coming to an end.
Did you know you can get free info about nutrition and healthy foods at my site? go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
#MessageToMyHaters Look at me now, Im gettin paper lol
How did I miss this photo of the lovebird and cat before?! So much cuteness!
Thanks for letting us know. We are looking into it and will get back to you ASAP!
Over SEOing. Getting rejected by Google/Yahoo for running similar websites with very similar content (over agressive & non-inteligent SEO)
==>U Can Tell Black PPL Started Getting They Taxes.... **THE LINE AT "METRO PCS" IS AROUND THE CORNER**
Another Round for Floyd, Cotto looks tired, but this has happened a lot later than I thought it would 107-102
yes it goes to the Jordan mills foundation which then goes directly into my bank account
thank you!
What a gorgeous day! :)
thanks for following us!!! If you ever need any support in Tennessee or wanna chat about metal hit us up!!!
so your story in redworld somehow got back to ABC in Los Angels./where r u now?
Check out Instructor Janine in "Legally Blonde: The Musical" starting THIS Friday @ Musical Theatre Southwest! Call 265.9119 for Tickets!
My dam team lost yesterday 2
Just waiting for Angel to make her deal with me as usual haha!
Sitting in airplane seats is def where I feel the weight loss the most. I was the thin guy in middle between two big men last flight.
Be powerful today. Be at your best. Give it your best. Be you! Happy Thursday & God bless!
I'm loving it so far RT Chic, how'd the move go?
7 games = 7 wins. Congrats ! Finish the NW Trip strong on Saturday and let's make this 8 for 8!
Blew my diet tonight. Fuck
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
Gas and Food, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply leadsl
Great Show today!
grey goose keep me loose
#vsa2011 Non-visitors: Art is accessible to me you just don't know what I mean when I say art. Wow.
Technical difficulties!
is a twit at tweeting.
You can get a $25 Gift Certificate & up to $25,000 worth in prizes & Minelab giveaways at National Metal Detecting Day! Interested?
I just want you and me to be together
YES!! Chobani and fage are the best. I don't know what I did before Greek yogurt :) b/c I eat I almost everyday now!
I think u r so amazing and such a beautiful person. I hope things get better 4 u. U have been thru so much.
wow - #UVA students form Student Alliance for Sexual Healing to promote the conversion of gays to "scriptural standards"
Being a girl fucking sucks. I Feel like somethings trying to claw it's way out of my uterus... Yes. I know all of you wanted to know that.
It's the little things like clients who understand and simple thank you's that get me through the day.
hahaha well I didn't the first time 😜
Thanks for the follow! -- Jo
TONIGHT!! Free reading here @ our studios starts at 7:30pm. Meet other actors and network. There will be a wine reception afterwards.
where are you?
oh hold it, there is a soccer game going on?
Loll im nice !
halloween = thriller by michael jackson (:
After i get home && straighten my hair …OUT WE GO!!!! PARTAYYYY!!! 
Poll: What animal is that on Dylan's head? A. Squirrel B. Possum C. Raccoon
Nice! Getting excited. :)
Pleated pants are lame. Tits aren't.
Just submitted my request to attend on behalf of and myself!
digging through for vacation ideas....I need to get to water ASAP
I DIDN'T SIGN UP FOR THAT!
lmaooooooo so who is JUAN?
you're like 24
Weird seems to be the speculative realist version of excess. Where is the New Weird in this, w/ its interest in formlessness and excess?
Really cost money to keep a car
Venue was jumping last night if you ever visit Houston go there you will have a ball.
I just watched you lip syncing to breaking free and at 1:15 and 1:30 I started hysterically laughing!!! I loved it!
Tiger woods is not black
yeah i wil be love you kisses
Thanks for visiting! Come back soon!
Hey! If you like wine come to check us out! Tonight we have Wine Flights under $15
Exhausted.. my #Frisbie skills is getting much better everyday.. got control plus amazingly my Son omg he is Good!!
Mil County Board Chair Lee Holloway declares "I'm clean as hell!" after another supervisor is charged w bribery. More at 6pm
omg, weekend tv BLOWS.
Your gonna probably see me and there Friday
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants
T-minus two days to the grand opening of Trader Joe's at 3rd & Fairfax in #LA!
looking for RoR NYC folks! send resumes my way!
That's what I feared...
An entire family with the cold. Ugh.
Ok...we need to talk! Got a potential project.
who has tumblr?
RT : If you want to have the best day possible you must follow
Hey how has your day been so far?
agreed. RT : it must be collaborative so not just the e-patients research but input from both
OK COOL...so this is my first tweet. lets get this party rollin.
we will have all games on NCAA and
One thing I wont miss about Georgia-- country music. -C
riding my bike and had a siting and smile exchange in wicker park! :)
What's with all the championship belts everywhere now? Is it all traced back to Aaron Rodgers?
help me overcome Animal Crackers- LOL!
how's that sun treatin ya? #jealous it's raining here..
I wanna cuddle
Seth Rogen got married yesterday. Adam Sandler, Paul Rudd, and Jonah Hill were there. It was near my house. Wish I could have gone.
I am vs the timeout here. However, my pool says go X, so fingures crossed.
thanks for the RT
Museums are spaces where identities can be reconstructed, altered, manufactured.
I love my cat so much that I don't know how I'd live if I ever found her dead, lol.
Why do you have Randy Jackson's autograph on a martial arts weapon?
I'm on 2 computers at the same time doing the same thing. Baller.
smh at Papadanes man.... 65 years old and that guy does NOT know to play nice with others.
I just took liquid dayquil because we ran out of the pill kind. Lets just say i have a mess to clean up in the kitchen... Loll :p
Follow me i auto follow back
omg... you and my dad should hang out...
yeah i think i do! but its not really a book its like pages in a binder, it doesnt come as a book.
Auditioning for some French tv project. Okay???...?.?
The word "irritated" makes me so angry lol
She is telling me her California stories!
We were out of bananas, so I'm eating a toasted peanut butter and apple sandwich and it's actually pretty awesome.
RT if you love ßruno Mars
Good Morning! We've made it to the middle of the week. How is your week going? You can still make some adjustments to make it even better!
I should be paying this jukebox $250 an hour.
PS: Who is planning on going to #vanswarpedtour this year? I am! The line up isn't the best, but there are a few great bands playing!
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days! January 14th-16th at the Miami Convention Center. Franchise opportunities are avai…
I'd like Papa Johns a lot more if they kept their creepy founder out of commercials.
As always boy bands helping me through a hard time:) pandora...
...... Go ask? “ Is it to late to let the south secede?”
Breaking News: The Denver Broncos just resigned God to a 6 year contract extension. What do you think of that ?
Dats what u call a doorway
Heading to the airport to pick up original drummer, the one and only Möt. Then its Okie Joes BBQ and TRON IMAX.
I'm trying to stay focused but you retweeted me and I'm #StarStruck! <3 Now...back to the matters at hand...
does DM work now?
im 2 episodes behind now. Guess I need to get back to it. Thing is, I don't really enjoy watching it so much as thinking about it.
#skyrim would be so much more fun if they chose a font humans could read
(cont 2) season, and yea my brother is 747
Sorry I cant let this thing go down without a fight. Even if the others go and alienate all of #MLA12 with their funruns and antics.
yea mee to
Is going to see a Movie Today
kk yeah I have soccer but I can pick you up after
Ricky Williams back with the Dolphins, and Pac Man Jones is heading Canada eh, hope he likes Molson, I do!!
grocery sorcery??!! (does that rhyme... maybe not lol)
Now you hear what I hear...=)
chewing on a piece of wood is so bad for your teeth!
In the novels I've read lately, I'm surprised to find I prefer a good storyteller to a good prose writer, or even a superb one
Excuses are the cradles in which failure lulls us to sleep.
“: For : Clothing donations are accepted every #Monday from 11~2pm in our boutique at “The Success Center” cc. ”
My kids have went to grannies and have came back sum thugs lol
This past saturday was a perfect example of how hard its going to be for me to work in public. .___.
Happy Birthday!
"Greatness is contagious" ~
Nowak: It is great to play against Schalke. It's a chance to see where we are...of getting the experience we need to move soccer along in US
yassineee i miss you!!!!
crazy night on Natchez riverboat. fraternity delta on board. a parade of sweethearts. dukes were swingin
Doctor: 'Your recovery was a miracle!' Patient: 'PRAISE GOD. Now I don't have to pay you!'
“: RT me it's my birthday tommorow favorite player go titans. !!!!
Wait, Rhianna where did you find love?
We are working on a new commercial water loss in Brookfield.
Waffles for lunch :-)
still I wouldn't define me as soft
Yes! And/or with local HS robotics club, too.
The song sings to me >>>
I have a strong dislike for people who give good advice but never use it
what she said --->RT : Does anyone else but me realize all of Taylor Swifts songs ARE THE SAME????
ah --> "which rapper and part-owner Jay-Z helped design."
Cinnamon schnapps, hot damn, etc
Life without you is amazing ( :
RT : Today is National Collegiate Day of Prayer! Pray for DBU, the students, faculty, and staff throughout your day today.
so i'm paying $80 for busch gardens but i'm not riding anything.
aw dats cool bt mine is pink and purple i also love green hehehehe so wat school yhu go to wat ya hobby
Rockin and Rollin! Having a wonderful time. Busy, happy, stressed, motivated, tired, you name I am it but it's all good!
Open House next week (Oct 12-14) from 12-6pm at our CHICAGO Showroom @ the @ the - Suite 1855
yes I have a platinum badge as well as edu...
Tell me who you got in the Lakers-Nuggets series.
BWAHAHHAHAA, obama declared May 1st "Loyalty Day"? WHAT THE FUCK. Loyal to what, GETTING FUCKED? FUCK. YOU.
Someone at GSLI finally had an answer instead of sending me on a goose chase!!
Don't write what you're trying to write. Just write *something,* then circle back.
"it's fundatory!" I should go to class soon, but #ppcommunity is more fun
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but of looking outward together in the same direction.
WEAR A SWEATER!!! WEAR A SWEATER!!! WHERE A SWEATER,!!! xD
well done empress
Just finished up my first competitive skee ball game. Our team lost by 4 (or 40). Rookie mistakes and too many beers.
Pretty sure my parents are headed that way right now...
I could kill someone right now.
I hope you are correct but I cannot see it happening. Our team has no direction - time to lose the coaching staff perhaps?
Broadway Theatre Center to Host Unprecedented Open House Friday, July 29, 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm during Milwaukee's summer Gallery Night.
Thank you for briefly speaking with my aritst !
The cars are in the garage!
My dad is adopted so I will never see my grand ma I mite this year because I'm going to Texas she doesn't no about me she just nos my sister
LUCKY ASS !
#Moore, Practical Demon-Keeping. Entertaining popcorn urban fantasy of a demon in Southern Cal. Can't quite believe my book club picked it.
yeah I have that problem right now but for my 16th my grandparents are getting me a car or at least they said they were.
Remember Louis shaky legs when the girls arrived on set in the WMYB behind the scenes video... Well thats what happens when i see my crush..
i am handling the pr for SearchFest. i thought you would be an intersting press contact. can you dm me with your phone number?
oh, like the orange
my real grandmais itanian lol am from jersey italy puerto rico and a lil new york lol
You can grow but remember, empires always fall.
you disappeared! ::sadpanda::
Really satisfying sidewalk squirt session this morning. All clean in front of my house.
RT : You don't get acting jobs because of your looks.
A special kind of freedom I get in the moments that are few and far between, that can't be bought, invented or whipped up in the kitchen.
When tells you she has a serious question <<< #freakedmeout haha behind you all the way tho girly 😃
Many Thanks to Laray Mayfield Casting!!
MT : Huge fan of evernote, onenote, mind mapping tools, etc., but sometimes no substitute for pencil, paper, & your own brain space.
haha k then i'll see you tomorrow! hahaha hopefully (if you dont get shot) lol just kidding! :D
No, I don't want to talk about the zeitgeist with you. Why? Because you're wearing cut off blue jean shorts.
We have vegitarian options ;) but were glad you like our meat!
Babcock seems sure that Stuart is leaving
woah woah. When did I say I was Peeta?
S.BABY
Be shure to check out the Easy Art Co. Presents Backyard BBQ Show w/ and The Dualies!!!
Really #Cubs!?! Damn it marmol!!
CINNA: Briefly, I dwell by the Capitol.
TGIF! Come on over to sunny La Mesa and enjoy a great dinner and one of our famous birdbath margaritas! We're in the Grossmont Center.
When you feel let down, remember that your in control of your feelings.
The heat has been turned on in my building. I'm boiling. Fans on, windows wide open. C'mon people, it's not cold enough yet.
I love you all too...COME TO BOSTON BEFORE I COME TO NY
are you flying or driving to miami.??
Justin Bieber, Triple H and 50 Cent
Having said that i love my #brewers thick or thin the gonzo injury really hurt go
Happy Teacher Tuesday! Teachers past or present get happy hour all night. Thank you teachers! Fun wine tasting all day, 4 wines for $14.
Call me a nerd if you'd like, but I'm looking forward to finding out what music the Brewers players are going to walk up to in 2012
Thanks to for supporting in Oklahoma! Gearing up for a great program year.
What do the most successful marketers in your industry do that is effective? Why not test that with a unique twist of your own?
Andrew Miller has that Boys and Girls Club Game
Just wanted to say thank you for all the promo tweets! I really appreciate it! I've also found/RT a lot of great books here.
what was #8??
In 2000 I day hiked to Plateau Point in Feb - my 1st #GrandCanyon hike - it was 0 at the rim but in the 50's at Indian Garden.
FREE TICKETS - ISEPP Lecture tickets - Tom Siegfried "The Dice of Life" Oct 7th at the Schnitzer. one per PSU ID. - COME AND GET 'EM
uhoh. In reference to?
Scott Walker wins #GOP nomination for Guv.
ARCADE FIRE!
Thanks Jason! Please let me know how I can serve you or your team!
I owe the world for this one. She's such a fantastic young woman, I love her dearly.
I just spent the last hour (or two) thinking about Character day and Super Hero day choices
Why is Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider In every movie together?
#ItSeemsLike clothes aren't worth having anyways .
It is only with the heart that one can see clearly, for the most essential things are invisible to the eye.
Let rain, let it pour she don't love me anymore, so let it come Down On Me. Let It come down on me Let It Rain<3
Just shot a very interesting story in Santa Fe County about a guy doing something strange to protect his home from a wildfire. @ 10 on KOB
I mean, a great piece of work is a great piece of work, and I'm up for good work anytime
yes, exactly
Taco taste-off upon my return: Barrio Chino v Excelsior v Norfolk, awash with marg :)
"Never forget." - Star Trek's George Takei on 'Allegiance, his new play about the WWII internment of Japanese Americans
Ayee, Can I get a SHOUTOUT? That would be so nice (=
": Bowling for Soup is playing at the same venue as we are tonight in Houston. #7thgrade90sforever" :-/
Ironically, the "happy path" leads to sadness.
Wait, wait wait. When you are finished waiting, please wait some more.
Never had 5 kids foul out of a game before.
Great opportunity to "treat" your practice to a new piece of equipment for the holidays!
A few are.. Captian included lol but It'd be weird dating someone on the team... Especially if we broke up
Seeing "Pirates of Penzance" tonight at Ashland's Oregon Shakespeare Festival - woo hoo!
My feet hurt so bad! 👣
That Mardi Gras hangover isn't going to cure itself. Our suggestion? Dubliner Benedict, Truffle Browns and one, maybe two Bloody Mary's.
Its no problem for me but its a problem for you
Hey bands and musicians. Make sure to follow
You're 100% right on that account
Missouri: pi, Oklahoma: pi(r squared)
Congrats on the New gig homie, i'll miss you over here
what else is new? haha
you're just too smart.
who are you talking to???
I think it's funny that Obama mentions the richest 2% of the population, and then those guys stand up and clap.
Let us know if we can do anything to help!
OMG. FINALLY. MY CAR WILL BE BACK IN MY POSSESSION THIS EVENING. TODAY IS A GREAT DAY. CC:
Another day, another $1000 car repair bill.
Now that's the Liverpool we all now and love, Downing misses the peno and Carroll puts the rebound wide
“: fishing is stupid” Adult kickball is stupid
Women are unique. Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
IM SNACKING ON CARROTS, HOW DO YOU THINK I AM?!
"Begin each day as if it was on purpose."
Just woke up and ready 4 da day.....not really!
Thank you and #FollowHello to :-)
not what you were looking for? I food log when I feel like I'm getting off track from intuitive eating. I use
the way I learned is every day I would pratice, it took me years to master it.
i know you get this a lot, but when you do stuff like this it truly inspires me. You are so amazing<3
I miss seeing the play tho.. It's been far too long =/
The alien cyborg is giving birth to alien cyborg/human babies on stage.
www.wagonwheelchronicles.com. Check it out, you must. Awesome article on us, there is.
Rumi lounge tomorrow & Sat no cover 21+ $5 cucumber martini's ans much more!!
Jackie, thank you so much for the happy #ff! Have a great weekend.
what advice do you need?
thank you for showing ! Really looking forward to it!
Eighty percent of married man cheat in America, the rest cheat in Europe .
#uwgrad The official party is ready to march in for the first L&S commencement this morning! Congrats to all the graduates!!!
do your homework xD
eeeeevverryyy one please follow !!!
Have you tried the Veggie Egg White Flatbread at Eggfast? Made with fresh pico de gallo salsa! www.eggfast.com
#Yankees have signed P Hiroki Kuroda to a 1-year $10M deal.
this money & music
a yard for my dogs, a crib for my main bitch
Is there an agency where you live that can assist you in creating a behavior plan?
I don't want anyone else having your attention but me
Masterpiece, my friends
Congratulations to you and to all the cast on the Last Friday Night Video! SUCCESS!!!!!
Playing the throw backs ! R.I.P MCA
Thank you for the retweet -Mark
Dear pols: If you are running 4 office (like SD City Council) please compose tweets & speak 4 yourself--when using your own Twitter account.
Illegal"..until I told her we were kidding? Hahahah good times. it's btw. Twitter jail blows lol
Just met a young woman named Daisy. Unlike my daughter, this one was named after the Dukes of Hazard.
Great to "see" you here love! xo
Thank you for tweeting that about fanny pak finally someone thank you!<3 Your tweets are the best!
For hurricane Irene???
Happy birthday :)
Ah, OK. Sending love to both of you, though. Mwah.
RT : RT : All those students who start school on September are luccky :o
Meeting with Tom cruise, no big deal
he left :c haha plus my phone makes a clicking noise &how awkward would that be!:p
Taranta Rest stands in solidarity w Coalition of Immokalee Workers
RT : Shaking my head at the number of attorneys mad at Zappos for compromising the 1 username/password they use for everything
Sweet, I have an exactly 1500 point Tau list for tomorrow
HAHA Youu Have To Do Work . i dont im done with it i just need to write my topic sentence & my paper : ) I'M #GRAND : )
Meanwhile...back at the hall of justice. At SD Superior court...hoping they don't call my name.
RT : people i know running the marathon: , jared from subway, and the chilean miner. can't wait to cheer for you guys!
#nowplaying Pick Me - Justin Bieber ♥ ♥ ♥
Ness says admin wouldn't exist without the students
I live in a town everyone claims to hate, but yet they never leave.
Skipped class to play Hackey Sack..
Is that actually a wig, or is your mother in law just transforming into a fly?
Nite twitter. hit me up tho
I was home sick and pregnant all the time, or chasing Anya and Taylor!
I've been away from twitter too long to have not noticed #JaredsYumStick trending. This. Is. AMAZING! YES!!
I am a senior, so this is my last semester sadly. I have mixed feelings about May and Graduation.
Good morning #Austin!
Start by distinguishing b/w #education (classical model of becoming a person) & #training (progressive goal of attaining marketable skill).
it's amazing!!
Wow it is wet this morning. Rain, rain and more rain. The rain will turn to showers later this morning and into the afternoon.
im ok its the weekend and i will be spending it with my 4 month old son ;)
Getting out of the office now....
Its half price Monday come see us at Salon Prodigyss and recieve half off any of our services !
that's a good question, I don't think they can if they're under a certain age, I think Dakota Fanning said so a few yrs ago
Sounds so fun, I'm jealous! RT: ...now headed to a client's house to style her for all of her holidays events!
Is now a #glogsteredu ambassador! :)
You got that right!
Joining the club & busting out some #Whitney tonight!
You're not supposed to put it in your eyes...
you back on set next week?
Seems to me there's lots of extra armed officers on d.c. Metro. Wonder what's up.
How so, the apple site says the call starts on the hour (5pm EST)
Nothin like a round of golf on a Sunday afternoon
RT : FYI: Who's in Charge? More Bacteria live & work in one centimeter of your lower colon than the sum of all humans ever born.
I could teach you but I'd have to charge....
turf gone at camp randall... plumbing and hvac next week under the field..
I prefer Nuglet.
An author interviewed on NPR says using the word "Suddenly" is bad writing. Think about it. The word is unnecessary in a well written scene.
Searching for something then realizing that it was in your hands the whole time.
So, so awful that that is possible.
Can't find the tv remote. I'm naming it Waldo.
"learning how to play a sport really affected how I saw myself and my body." --Geena Davis
www.facebook.com/jadedchainband check it out please! I'll give you a dollar
Follow ? Love your tweets your so pretty luv :)
Uh oh, anything we can do to help?
Anytime! Hope to see you in Chicago again soon!
I'm sure there's a "how to" video on YouTube :)
Who needs a B3 when you could be saving for THAT?
#Cardinals time!
Spoke before residents in #DelCerro & 2 people are being overcharged on waterbills. Proving help, but city water needs #tech help.
M.O.E & 15five Ent Presents Valentines Night inside Klusoz with Mike Green & Greg G Live! Ladies 21+ Free. DJ Mystik in the mix (281 & R ...
Of course! I was thinking of a 22oz Taj Mahal :)
Well thats just fucked up lies now!
Just finishing up my first draft of the Archivists' Toolkit guide to be used in the project--second draft is tomorrow's work!
RT : A lot of shit done changed!
and then cancel the Time Warner.
yes just did! Thank you very much I appreciate it!
Sleep is my drug, my bed is my dealer, and my mom are the police!
What?!? RT : DDOT reports road collapsing at 22nd & H St, NW. The 800 block of 22nd St is closed at this time. DDOT on scene.
lively discussion of rent control in Oceanside. Some say fight is really about development, not affordable housing
I just watched that movie on Netflix and died a tiny, poorly dressed, bony, British death. Complete with 90's girl power rock.
happy birthday lil. Bro enjoy ur day hopefully I see u this weekend
Good Morning!! God Is Good
is my favorite Bball player in IU History. Hes been through a ton in 4 years.so heres one last ovation for you VJ, you deserve it.
I wish Jay-Z and Beyonce would get on stage and present their baby to the world like in the Lion King.
I think that there are no "shoulds", a couple will know when they are ready and if they think they made a mistake they can move on.
happy one year anniversary of making your youtube channel, ! :-)
filling out my twitter account
can't wait until April 3!
can I just #GiveObamaCreditfor..the drug bust?
Are we sure that they didn't mistake Braun's test for Pujols'? I mean the guy did recover from a broken hand in 17 days.
To make runoff he doesn't need juice. Just for SDs Dem majority to not abandon him in droves.
Good thing Vancouver weather is no-polar! Lol
#phonechargefail charged and ready to go (finally) and had dinner. How are the parties? Where are you now?
thanks for following (:
RT : www.facebook.com/cultuschichi :) PLEASE "like" the Facebook page for my jewelry line -- thank you!
#ICantStandPeople that belittle(put on blast) other peolpe in public.....
Well, well, well look what the cat dragged in.... A nap!
Trying to keep from sobbing at the new Animal Collective tracks
actually i mean sys providers, not all vendors, like kuali OLE
track of the year, methinks
haha, no way. I had enough last year!
Sittiin in church hungry as hell
Nomo basic bitches I swear!!!
Getting ready with Karissa and Aimee :)
"Each new highway that cut into a city's core cut the metropolitan population" -Edward Glaeser
i got it: they fix the bad ending with a time travel sequence, sending the whole mess back to 1987.
How did you celebrate #WorldCancerDay? #DNation Milwaukee celebrated by fighting back and making their miles more meaningful!
you crack me up
even talking about the born this way ball and seeing you brings me to my knees 💙
Yes im very Excited for the Show
The looks of actual photoshop and illustratir sitting in my dock? I've been waiting 10 years for that. #photorgasm?
Can't wait to come to SA. Think maybe we can webcast? You'll remember me when you see me. We go back to sxsw08 & the CC tour
Talk to us :)
It's fucking incredible how some people still don't know the difference two, to & too. If you're that stupid you should be killed.
I been sitting in this closet for bout ten minutes tweeting and haven't found nun to wear.
HOW DARE YOU THINK THAT HE IS A TEAM CAPTAIN THEREFORE NEVER DIRTY YOU INFIDEL
college is a wonderful thing to experience... but in hs i wish they wuda told me more about HBCU's!!.
the WAC workshop at Stanford sounds very cool!
ugh. I have to get up for a final in less than four hours. -__-
These bitches are crazy
great minds think alike. 😉
Great catching up with you tonight! I even learned something new about you... that you're a scientist at heart!
Yay thank you!
. and finally, actively recruit more new archivists to run for office/serve on committees, like I was encouraged to do
This cooler weather is GREAT for marching band practices! How are everyone's shows coming along this season?
AH!! Dance Moms is on in 30 minutes!!! <3
I wish I was rich, I would've bought some Facebook stock today
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' has died at 83. -
I joined google+ early on, but I find it hard to keep up with SM. Anyone know of a plugin or way to attach all social media?
good luck with the studio pod.
Congrats to from all of us at The Porters on your Ovation Recommendation from !
I'm crossing all 10 fingers for ya :-)
So blessed❤👍😊
over the top love!
You're killing me. I need it now!!! :D RT : just wait >;]
"That a woman conceived me, I thank her; that she brought me up, I likewise give her most humble thanks" ...
Finished #beastmode session in the am with personal trainer.. My body is gonna hate me tomorrow:/
we'd like to think so. Thanks for the tweet!
How much are wigs at the beauty supply store?
": Penn State team colors officially changed to yellow. #cowards" you are right about that Goldie!
Great idea! RT : If you're here at MSG for #NYR game, tweet-up at sect 109 after first period! #letsgo!!
idk man, i would like to see us move up in the draft a little bit. we need a shooter, or else hamilton should play a ton next year
I'm heading over to for their Wine Down for the Weekend event, from 4-8 at 3rd & Copper. Come, and bring some friends!
Up now still don't feel no better
they got rid of rocky & brought him ?!?
D-Day for the mighty #PhilaUnion !!!!! We are winning this tonight! #Zolo #C'monTheU
Mother Nature exercises austerity.
< Thanks for the Inclusion!!!
OH I AM DEF GOING
that's probably it. Thanks!
The Pens had a tough stretch of travel in the last week, but they will rebound tonight in Montreal.
we all are. its because we are taught to believe this person that person this body is perfect that if we find the slightest thing
Music yoga wisdom laughter love and light... join me for my first official yoga teaching gig this Saturday morning at Melt on State Street
houston friends get a pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes for $50 this weekend only!! contact us at or 713-518-8406
Expense Manager is An Application Sony Ericsson Mobiles ...
I guess so. But I think most NFL players have respect just by virtue of being in the NFL..somehow it seems disappointing
ProTip from for ad reps: 'Information = Confidence' Be knowledgeable about #mobile industry trends and analytics!
time to stream John Mayer's new album :)
not as far as milwaukee. Lol.
You can. It's pretty easy to set up a schedule, and you can override it at any time.
My next photo shoot needs to use that theme!! that's a classic.
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
Awesome! I'm staying up in your neck of the woods. Meet up at 7pm?
Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'...
Thanks for sharing Louie!
Finally kicked the sinus infection and for the first time in a LONG time actually feel good about most if not all things
Hey thanks!!! So cool!
Twitter; People I really fucking want to go to school with.. Facebook; Some people who fucking annoy me yes.
This year we are only allowing members running for e-board next year to go and I'm graduating! I'm jealous that ur going tho!
A big welcome to animator extraordinaire, John Canemaker. See you at 4pm on Sat. in the Dryden.
loved that video first time I saw it, great to see again--thanks!
Where will you be....for the revolution?
When it all comes down To a sunrise on the East Side, Will you be there to carry home The remains of my wasted youth?
Yo, sounds easy. Sometime on Tuesday works for me.
Effing bored... Who's down to go to the movies?
Good Morning everyone today is going to be an amazing day. I can just feel the amazingness coming :)
Agree with you!
well thank you c:< and I'm Sheila btw..which I think you know that already :O
awaiting return of bigfishgames so I can properly do nothing on this holiday & wondering how my company's data center compares to fisher!
SO sorry for not getting back to you sooner! We are always looking for talent! We will keep in touch with you!
Bumpin #Authentic Live in the X5 "Like Whoa"
quit tellin lies
thanks for the info. that is right up my alley!!
I'm taking baby steps. By which I mean I stumble around, crap my pants, and cry until someone gives me a bottle.
How is it that someone can so beautiful? And yes. I'm taking about So gorgeous. Only girl I'd be straight for!!
you love us! If you cry this easily #BGC is not the place for you love :)
but i dont wanna
Who all will be this weekend? I'll be gong.
Happy #FF! Following those who #DoGood:
Yep yep im up, slept early now can't go back to sleep..oh well,
#ItSeemsLike when I try you don't but when you do,I don't.
trendsetter, bushwacker, trailblazer, astronaut, leader, champion, pilot, driver, frontier-er (ok maybe not that last one)
Eat high fiber foods, they keep you fuller longer!
Try chia seeds on your yogurt or in oatmeal for a crunchy protein boost. Delish!!
thanks for the follow ! this is my podcast's twitter -i think you'll likey. Follow me for the rest, if you would like to.peace
hasn't been over for ever, what the hell
you from the south? Lol
Thanks for the RePin on Pinterest!
Awesome SWEAT SESH this morning yeehaa sweat-a-mongo!!!
lol oh my my my START YPUR ENGINES BOYS!
the rain is beautiful!
I need a new outlet to release rage maybe MMA naw too short well im just gonna go play water polo and see how that goes
never trust a girl who has more hair on her face than "you" do
Happy Monday everyone! Start ur week off right w/ a coupon for a free medium Fry & Medium Soft Drink w/ purchase of any Angus Burger!
What an embarrassing mess...
Friday nighst belong to Whiskey Tango. Even better with #freeparking in downtown Hollywood.
Romney still clueless after all these years. Go back to your family & let rest of us live our truth!
congrats! Post some photos for us to see.
Ok we are at last heading back 7 hours later and it appears I am officially tweeting my location which I said I would not do...is that lame?
#LastTimeIChecked Cinderella didn't have to take off her clothes to get her prince charming & neither do you.
I'm so exhausted but my brain will not give up. Than I realized a cup a coffee than 2 Venti won't do me Justice. #Caffeine✗3 o_O
Robert Shaw: saying "Blend you Rascals!" is useless. The conductor needs to say what's wrong. Blend is the combo of many things. Tim Seelig
Thanks for the birthday wishes! :)
The show "Toddlers and tiaras" was named that way because "Mothers with self esteem issues" just wasn't as catchy.
Time for some evening yoga. Yay!
im also writing you an article right now
HOLY FUCK THE NEW IS SO GOD
Best News Ever yesterday!
Thanks for the mention, have a great week!
"Video ads accounted for 18.5% of all videos viewed" -> Video Ad Impressions Reach Record Numbers in March 2012...
Does anyone know how to look up tags in Like what Cs: hpsc OR Cs: gw OR Cs: hho-mtg means?
I've been cataloguing for 5 hours straight and I still have a smile on my face. :-)
Haha. I'm pretty sure he's going to give me the Tommy Frazier treatment.
I love how you fucking tell me what I'm doing today. It's my life!
you're a beautiful lady!
praying for you guys... We need to connect again soon. Blessings!!!
deal. The rest can be made up in foot messages.
THANK YOU to all of our veterans for your dedication and service to our country.
get the monthly pass!
Mario Andretti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV
Played the new song for the first time and it sounds SICK!
Hey Jess! How's tejas treating you today! Miss you!
Three Year Goals - Prioritize learning on strategies and tactics.
I want shorts as high as mettas!
no no no you're not serious.
love you too :P <3
Yuck! Ladies get it TOGETHER
Me: I'm gonna do my homework & study. Austin Mahone: No, stay on Twitter & fangirl over me.
thanks 4 the article. Football is dangerous in nature, only so much you can do. Hope vets get care.
24th. I'm announcing that too.
you got the blackberry tour?
Very interesting debate on Russell Wilson on ESPN. Heated arguments.
meeting my cairo peeps on that rooftop #priceless. this time my friend's belly is sO FULL of LOve #boy's love .. o ya... a
For Mother's Day, I'm downloading music to my mom's iPod Nano, that we bought her for Christmas!
/orders jersey RT “: QB Vince Young will wear number 10 with the #Bills”
Working non stop on the final edit of my book. Please pray for me as I try to finish! This has been a marathon, but I know God will use it.
Happy Mother's Day to you also. I'll post another pic.
My car smells like apples.
#ratchetcolognesmells Like Axe
For reals, y'all?
Her eyes were the color of shiny poop...=)I love talking to Anna!
hi coach how are you
No traffic on i95 today? It's a miracle. Made it home in 25 minutes!
i miss you...i leave you tweets like i leave snow tracks on the ground so you can follow me.. :)
Having a fire drill today
When you are so down, and feel there is nothing left, it is time to just let go, and let God take on the rest.
Should I buy myself an amazing kindle or more uggs?.
#NP: Smash into you.
I got a joint ...savings account set up for my children's college education.
BIG TEN CHAMPIONSHIP/FINAL SCORE: Michigan State 68, Ohio State 64
Apparently, the average tweet expends 1.5 calories. Work it...work it...fell the burn...
Great workout today for the guards and great work for the post! Stressing fundamentals!
I'm not worried at all but I'm here for you Lakers Fam. Let them talk, as OUR history shows we always reload and keep coming back.
So glad #elit is returning to #mla13!! Tx to all who org and participated this yr
I have found my guitar tone!!
“: Do fish smoke seaweed?”
Sometime I feel like somebody's watching uss
I am so very flattered!
Couldn't help but notice you all had the same MSG (not retweeted). Hacker? Virus?
Life is funny every1 got up in arms over Mary J Blige singing about chicken now BK selling them 4 a buck....
It's official! My collaborator and I will be presenting at a conference. One of our theater heroes will also be presenting.
And I put together all the pieces, the only thing I'm missing is you 😘
Taco bell or chinese Food?
This #JulietSims chick on #TheVoice is real freaky deaky. I dig.
Fast Train To A Quiet Place #NowPlaying Have To Say This Is One Of My Favorites! Enjoy
L-Train!
The smaller the understanding of the situation, the more pretentious the form of expression. -John Romano
I need to let it rip ... Yup I said it. I'm human and a girl. #yolo lmao
I think I heard several shots fired near 50th and NE Roosevelt just now
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
We just had brunch together...
Agreed. RT : Not impressed.
love that you changed your profile pic to your ghost face lmfao
Im tired.
#Vista real estate market update: Sales volume up 22% versus last year. Prices down 8%. This market is getting really hot with upward trend.
yall just left & i read RT:Just got food poisoning from TacoBell. I didn't make a run for the border. I made a run for the toilet.
Ima be ok I don't need to much just a red cup and one vanilla dutch
I really don't know. And I've read a bunch of journalist defense columns, and I can't help but wondering how many of them PLAYED
whats good bro?
YAY!!! your there. Workday sucked. but ur the reason for my good mood *grin*
We're replumming our Facebook page. Join us for ongoing juice!
Nommmmm Chinese food
So our 2 backup SS options are guys cut by the Astros? If you played SS in college (or even high school) I suggest you call the Brewers
Welcome to Twitter & thx for the follow! We hope to see you @ this year's #DiplomaticBall. Sending Save the Date on Friday.
is there any other thing to trip?
kids these days dont know about waking up early just to watch cartoons
"It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men." Frederick Douglass
but, would Alex be willing to share?
LOL! You won't know until you try! RT : mo betta, I think! Seeing your handsome face would probably get you more votes!
been good here! :) finishing up my script and going to write a short story for the LGBT to benefit the NOH8 campaign!
RT : A good mentor offers directions and driving tips from the back seat. You still have to drive the car. - Michael Johnson
2 cups of coffee in and it's only 8:30am....BUT...Avengers was awesome and def worth getting only 3 hours of sleep
Good Morning!
heey guys ! this is (: im the new co-owner for this account !! im ashley (: hey guys ! ♥
God gives you 2 eyes, 2 ears, but only 1 heart. It's 'cause your supposed to go through life & find the other half.
on the actual site and lost all of my work. Not sure if you can control that, though. Just a copy/paste warning is enough.
love the Lois Vitton bottoms. ..gives it a classy touch
haha boo, burn that hashtag! you aren't old till you're powder in a jar! feels good to be out but I'm doing summer classes on Sun.
Headed to #Interactive & interested in #gamification? Hit up w/ a DM; we have an invite 4 u!
I dunno
Last ride to Longport this "winter" with !
#dougbarra thanks for the follow, Have a Fabulous weekend!
6 Great Alternatives to Netflix
Saxophone playing Mendelssohn Violin Concerto and Don Juan in the subway post-NY Philharmonic concert. Cute! But could be faster
Congrats! What are you going to get?
fucking love my draw full of beanies and snapbacks, need more.
Agreed. I'm going to put the blame on I'm sure he deserves it for some reason. I don't know what, be he does...
damn, some bitches had the ugliest dresses at prom..
Loving being home for my High School Reunion!
my phone auto corrected that lol
Well get on in a few nerdlinger.
picture us hvin sex on da beach on top of a all blk bentley w/limo tent on all blk rims wit doors open jammin "I GOT GOOD DICK.:-*
on flt 2362 NO food to buy NO wine to buy TV broken. Crew says it's because they didn't anticipate a full flt. Seriously?
I DIDNT EVEN SAY ANYTHING.... I WAS JUST WONDERING UR AGE? IM SORRY IF U MIS READ IT BUT I DIDNT MEAN ANYTHING MEAN BY IT!
I sometimes forget but... Midwesterners are SO DAMN nice. It's startling.
Tweet us and tell why you should get free concert tickets!!! Best reason gets you tickets plus more!!!
I've got soul but I'm not a solider.
you can choose a custom format there and make it just the post name, or when you write the post you can edit the permalink then
About to go out on to my back deck to see this moon everyone is talking about. I'm in my boxers and a t-shirt, but so what...
we're having a holiday gathering with sandwiches at MLK Tuesday night. will be at both. cc:
We Got One
#MillerParkOpener let's go boys!!!
Thx for the add and thx for the great #SEO talk you gave to biz owners of Eastlake
" Why are you holding hands? I forbid you to hold hands!"- Raj
watching the Roast of Charlie Sheen rerun from last night....still as funny as the first time...totally screwed up lol.
I feel like sucha stalker when i watch videos on people I knows' youtube channels.
It's a good time to be a San Antionio sports fan!! & #Spurs in the play-offs!!
M...gotta love the smell of cellulose decay. :)
please send a large file to this email i keep getting spam from it lets show the stammers. thanks for your help
you can tag along.
I can see that young Bieber girl really growing into her looks.
We're back in the tweeting world! What up!!!!
hello hello again! how are you?
I'm jealous lol. I've never even been to Vegas. What sparked the move?
what you got going down today?
Wow me & bro are clearly in love with niggas tht are scared of commitment :( smh
Get ready for the hottest show in the world for Indie music Artist...Break That Single show is for the people by the people.11am-1pm PST
u should make some with me
Looking forward to lunch with Cousin Sue for month #160 in a row today.
A4 Chicha beer in Peru. Kind of a mystery, home made corn beer that you can't see through.
well if it is in foreclosure I'd say look for another place right now and not pay rent anymore. That's just me though.
Wow, thank you for posting the Warren video. Immensely appreciated.
ok cool
Where in the world is ? Miss you and your craziness
JUST ANNOUNCED: Taking Back Sunday w/ The Maine on Tuesday, October 18 at New Daisy! Tickets go on sale this Saturday!
Photography Lovers...Elinchrom EL 19360 Skyport Universal Trigger Set on Amazon.com for only $125. Screaming deal. Only two sets left.
haha I am so inspired
Follow back please?(: It would mean a lot to me!!(:
you're so meeeeaan.
This week's topic: The overkill on Tiger Woods coverage despite the fact he doesn't even win or come close for that matter.
English without nick is like life without a penis
I need my I can see you but you can't see my eyes shades on today!
2010 Tire Pe "Diem" Merlot blend Bordeaux, France !!!
The one where your eyes get all big and you do a frown type thing. The one we do all the time.
hanging out in Boston with the morning show pre-monster jam performance! (cc: )
I just found my Xanga
Record setting #earlybirdspecial. Done with dinner before 5!
do you know where to get a good n'duja recipe?
safe travels honey and bring me a gift back
Finally got my hotel reservations done with. Should of done that a while ago, but saving money is always good.
2 of 3) We're passionate about connecting people and what it means to live in a connected, vibrant community.
The Japanese will be extinct in the year 3011 based on a study of their declining birth rates and disinterest in reproduction.
you are welcome!
how's life miss?
- Oomfs Killing Me ! S M H
leading Pittsburgh 40-38 in the third quarter.
Love Rock "That's about as close as it gets...that's not even close". Ok then.
RT : I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to end up marrying.
Hey you all should follow !!!:D Please?
and there's the creepy racist thing he's got going on.
Can't wait to see you tonight.
Blissful Death is stealing time from Bug Princess... Help!!!
yea I can imagine
I kno, they're awesome! The albums's awesome! I just need to get it :D
Whole Foods in Wexford grand opening is today! Good luck Whole Foods & welcome!
want to meet me around 1 at ceasers for a drink or two then meet Erin somewhere for dinner?!
wait... Speidi is still a thing?
haha I'm excited :)
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that I also have a thing for elbows \(^.^)/
Today's selection for the weight room - Dark Angel "Time Does Not Heal"
The wind has finally died down! Hoping no one has any property damage...
trying to figure out my friday HH schedule is difficult when both and have events at the same time!
Ah! Education... Very nice. :)
Minnesota is trying to give this game to Michigan and Michigan is saying no thanks.
: yeah right, they are fun jump off chicks
Watching the gives me anxiety.
Where are #TeamDivas???
I found my 1st gray hair...it wasn't gray it was white
and want to reach a broader audience with the empowering work that we are doing...
It takes balls to call in sick on a Friday.
"When you dream about someone, that means that they thought about you before they went to sleep" JUSTIN BIEBER WAS THINKIN ABOUT ME?!?!?!?<3
no, that's mine!!!
I told her how my dad took ALL of the $200 I gave him 4 her patio set for Mothers Day & she's mad at him at the moment so ha!
“: America's #Nurses, as always, there to care for a sick patient. Well done Nurses!! Follow, RT #taxwallstreet”
#dtl2011 dumping knowledge doesn't work. So now what?
Have you ever booked yourself a mixer meeting at either station?
photoshoot postponed but, it's a great day to get some writing in...be well peeps...AS
i think i failed the SOL!
You should follow me back :b
Whats that suppose to mean.. ?
Tonight at Cliff Bells, The WSU Jazz Dept. performs. All of the Jazz ensembles. I will perform with the Guitar Jazz Ensemble 1. Starts
Take care!
who's in the pic with u can't really see it ?
Murder isn't murder if the body is never found. It just turns into a missing person.
ok social net world, i guess my break is over, back to the hustle
#Thatmomentwhen a cute guy starts talking to you👍😊
Balance between contribution & curation: frameworks key to "opening a direct channel betw visitors & their history"
Sry B...I like quotes
Don't you just love fried pickel's ?
This WI girl is just confused by the weather in Pittsburgh..it's so warm here, I feel like I'm cheating winter..
It was real, Walmart. Now I'm onto other things!
Thank you so much for helping me promote our DIY Design Competition.
Hebrew Hammer!! Vindication baby!!! : Ryan Braun on winning appeal: "Best Purim gift ever."
This iPad is amazing I love it!!!!!!
Is the lobos the last one standing?
lol I'm proud of you!
Off to the plant sale at the Celebrate #EarthDay!
Cuddling with a cat even though I'm allergic... YOLO!
yeah I did! Looked it up earlier this year & I swear it was like Aug 27th....
We need to start talking about our UX conference! And I still want to come down to your meetup to give a talk.
I blame for running out of town. I hope your happy.
On the fuckin interstate
those are called "suicide doors". I think it's a "50's" term.
Fair enough.
anytime!! If your happy I'm happy! :)
No problem--hope the events are all going well!
Kane dropped out in NY today from an injury giving Rocky the win. Join us, in Tampa, to see where he goes from there.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. - Henry Ford
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithShady must be shady
I net to say that to someOne else srry
I need a hug (:
We just submitted too! #Madison represent!
I Don't Hate You, I've Just Lost All Respect For You!
when r we gonna see u do some booty poppin on youtube?
yes please. I need a lesson and we all need to laugh and have cocktails
Haha anytime, we should catch up sometime.
WHITNEY HOUSTON, YOU WILL BE MISSED BY THE WORLD. LOVE, PEACE AND RESPECT TO YOUR LOVED ONES. FLY WITH THE ANGELS AND SUFFER NO MORE!!
4 years! I'm amazed too. I stopped teaching last year to finish book. Miss students like you but love spending my days writing.
Prince will receive this year's BET Lifetime Achievement Award at the June 27 Awards ceremony, which will mark its 10th anniversary.
Stymied by the reorganization of the anthro section of my library. In desperation, started to read "Primitive Classification." Not helpful.
Glad to see on here!
Vera Wang is an American Idol fan? We have so much in common!!!
one of many, like the NCAA rankings for next year right after tourney, etc. Space wasters and time killers
thank you for your support. Get the word out there for us. Enjoy your weekend.
HUGE heavies in the ring - McRae (253) vs Johnson (221) Beefy. #boxing -ms
We learn wisdom from failure much more than success. We often discover what we will do, by finding out what we will not do. Samuel Smiles...
Hamed Haddadi from Iran led the 2008 olympics in rebounds per game.
Good day started off with a workout. then productive day. now to have a little fun!
Oral Roberts just made the Sportscenter top 10. Wow!
South African Drawn Dead Poker Pro playing in tournament at monte carlo
Job Security? RT : My breakfast this morning was a chocolate chip cookie that the dentist's office gave me...because hey, WHY NOT?
who thinks we should do a live chat soon?
C'mon .. We need this series !
If you've never looked at one of Jonny's tweets and thought "same" or "I feel ya" (etc etc) then I'm pretty sure you're a liar.
Damn, there's still so many people I need to hit up to make music..
-- yes, I'd include Smalltalk and Scheme, w/ch were "siliconized" a couple decades ago, but good candidates today too.
what Warren-ethnicity issue?
this bernie mac show still funny...
r U really Allie?i think ur Awesome:)! if~if U r the real Awesome Allie pls be my tweeter friend & follow me back:)!i'm f 90!
I saw the rainbows today too. Absolutely gorgeous!
- 2nd Request - Where can I find out how much it costs to put on the NEA Jazz Masters awards show?
Ah lil homie must be mad at me lol.
Out in literally the middle of nowhere, Maine at a VA hospital. This is bizarre.
Me too. I almost exclusively brew tripels and strong Belgian ales. AKA, Velvet Hammer and POW!!
This better be an epic winter filled with massive amounts of gnar.
That's great, Heather!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY FROM MOJO'S WORLD!!!!!!!!!!
Together we're a combined mess, lol!
very disappointed in your take on #Wisconsin. If you did ANY research you'd realize these moves make complete sense.
If my Coke was any color besides white, I would probably be a little concerned.
almost as much as I hate reading others artist statements
Do I dare / Disturb the universe? In a minute there is time / For decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse.
Don't worry its the age. Were sll emotional wrecks til we hit like 25 lol ": My feelings now days are so sensitive"
lol cus wen a real gay girl came around u was foreign to everything she was on. All imma say is *new years 2011*
I knew some chickens who flew well enough to escape their yard. Then owners clipped their wings; now they're on the nice-try list.
hey babe how r u? My day was blessed I can't complain
We do, that's why I wanted to test out the paywall stuff.
Our products are created by merging different art talents. We use wood, wrought iron and art painting.
hahah!! I thought about yelling but then I decided against it!!
"Wow. I wish I could speak whale."
Tired of my money "disappearing"...
Every day is 75 and sunny. Meteorologists in San Diego must be really bored.
cuz I feel that way
Everyone follow ♥ GO GO GO GO GO hehe !!
