looking good! P.S. I just sold friend two Sonos portable units this weekend and he loves them!
cool! Thanks so much
The StressBuzzters are back! Free snacks, chair massages and giveaways to help you de-stress. Library, 2 West @ 7pm tonight!
You guys make me want to believe in that love thang again!
super duper annoying >:(
Head over to Direct from Philly for one of their famous cheesesteaks! Even better, you get 10% #cashback everyday for being !
I JUST WANT A JOB IN NYC!!!!!
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun
Drink? How long u here? Shooting all over in NYC. Queens and Brooklyn tomorrow
Very interesting, thanks!
Yeah...I don't like What if's haha
Apple's home page tribute to Steve Jobs illustrates the power of a photograph. RIP Mr Jobs...you did good.
We thank you for your support and tweets all season long.
Pop a bottle @ #GOODLIFESATURDAYS or not? lol decisions
wheres this country night?!
School is awesomee today(:
So if OJ didn't do it, who did?
Speaking of #joy. It is a joy to receive wishes and #love form my children, #family and extended family.
How do you get people to place your link without you placing theirs? Trade link for another that is (PR) equivalent to theirs or pay for it.
ahh, just getting this now. Sorry, they went SO fast! The booth looked great, btw.
is that what makes girls feel beautiful
Parking disaster at this morning not too horrible. Weather seems to keep the idjits away.
#Oscar nominations are kind of blah this year. True film lovers would have nominated Melancholia no matter how bizarre Lars von Trier is.
All this rain is making the polys look better than those monos.
Can't wait to board this flight..miss home so much...sigh
I checked out the new Teaism yesterday in Old Town Alexandria - beautiful space. Also has a BAR!
Er. VICTORY! What's wrong with you, auto-correct?
Thanks for the follow(:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL
if I corrected grammar & punctuation errors on signs I'd have no time to do anything else. I fear the battle is already lost.
Shaka Smart is very popular here as he led VCU to the Final Four last year, He's also very young--early 30s.
Did hurdles in track today, SO MUCH FUN!!!!!!!!
I just wanna help the team win he is a great player I hope I can be as good as him one day
Volleyball Practice at West LA college tonight....ugh but weight room first😄
I'm so glad Houstonian's don't burn down the city everytime one of our teams loses.
- your getting a spot in LA?
We're releasing the new ep "the revolver sessions" June 21st & we're kicking it off with a show on June 20th, at House Of Blues Sunset.
apple tv.
he's gotta passion in his pants AND HE AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT
I haven't been downtown at night in ages. The number of homeless people I am witnessing is shocking.
Who's ready for the next In Big D conference???? Who should keynote? What company should sponsor it?
Follow Me Rite Now!!! Tell Erybody To Follow me and ill do Da Same For you! Leegooo!
if i ain't reading a comic book at work, or playing ball im playing chess, i be in the park playing them old ass niggas jtfo
Friends are there for you all the time and not to fall out with each other
Still loud still proud no matter what Simon Borg or who ever may say let's focus on what really matters, game day in 3 days
Big audition via Skype today! Hope the weather doesn't interfere with my internet.
remember when Rodgers came in vs Dallas a few years back....Flynn is gonna kill it
hahaha, awe ;D
those people are all just complete stupid and need to shutup already who gives a fuck what there called there still the same thing
cause my oldest sista picked me up from school and i went to her house, then tomorrow im having a bonfire after work.
At with and
Awesome industry analyst 101 from Jim Le Tart from RedPrairie - definitely get his analyst meeting agenda!
The rain is gone! Come for a swim this week. Check out our schedule @ www.swim.net
Yep. That's why I don't play, either. False starts; that's it.
Footwear Maker Aokang&#39;s Listing Mints New Chinese Billionaire Family
Thanks for the response. Looking forward to it man. Again We would love to speak with you down at Kurt Angle Foods
We're trying out a new Groupon program, Groupon Now allowing people to get deals they have to use the same day.It rolls out in two weeks.
AGREED! : ) “: A jam session with and would be A-MAZING”
Sensenbrenner cares more about Michele's butt than a tax break for 160 million Americans
I always have a headache when I wake up from a nap! :/
-___- i have saturday school tomorrow
Roses are red, violets are blue. He's for me & not for you, so if by chance you take my place, I'll take my fist & smash your face
umma beat yo __Rodriquez. I knw tht im such a lady tht it seem like it could b 5 of me but no I'm only 1 per im on my ish
Lots to accomplish this week. Let's hope my Monday morning motivation continues through at least Wednesday!
Please welcome _kfdu to the Max life
Pretty sure I just saw Eddie Vedder driving around. I swear. But why on Earth would he be in Janesville, WI?
that did not deserve a red. he barely touched him.
Fuck a prom .
RT i think fitness instructors must do crack. always have so much energy
Only thing I want to see more than an #Arsenal equalizer (or a winner) is the Ox warming up on the sidelines.
done with homework for the rest of the year.
follow me on my other account and -Amanda
RT : RT : Why AI Professor Sebastian Thrun Gave Up Tenure At Stanford To Provide Free Education Online...
yall are seriously the coolest account I follow.
I hear you. I'm not a gamer but one of these days I'd love to check out PAX EAST. It looks like tons of fun
Happy Oestre! Blessings of the bunny.
Closing keynote speaker for Day 1 - Michael Lorsch, The Table Group - The Five Dysfunctions of a Team
RT : If it's too loud, you're too old.
Is it June yet?
Tomorrow is Tax Day! Reward yourself for a job well done with one of our great breakfast options from !
I need to go to forever 21
Thanks, Joy! You are inspiring me in the research department!
Thank you, Steve. Although I wish we had a birthday cake ready for you...
Thanks for lunch yesterday and talking with me. Hope 🎶I Walk The Line🎶 went well and got your team fired up!
#BBKing will be performing at Wolf Trap Park on July 18th!
#GodGaveMeYou for the days of doubt. Preach,
Ha, that's classic. Does anyone recognize what your costume is?
the movie or the stage version?
# InterviewQuestion Where were you born? #Jobs Illegal question - either leave or reprimand the interviewer!
oh and by the way i texted you
hahhaa Damn I was all banged up on the ride home bro
Shout out to every one of our fans. Have an awesome and safe Easter! Stay aways from those "special eggs"!
TODAY 4:30-6pm @ Thompson Library book sale & signing OSU an Illustrated History - the perfect holiday gift for Buckeye fans-at a discount!
Who wants to Spar?? Punching bags don't #Hitback :-)
Coffee, eggs and toast: great way to start a Sunday :)
Everyone do something good today: follow and help them pass 1000 followers. #RT & let's get it started.
Ha Long Bay?
Good to hear that it was delicious. When you called in were they up front with you about the delivery time estimate?
your info is entirely incorrect. do some fucking research.
have a good, fun, relaxing, productive day. Wish I were on
#ifimetmau I would make him cereal & just hang out.
Happy Easter. Have a Blessed Day
#Starwarsshakespeare What's in a tauntaun? That which we call improvised shelter by any other name would smell bad…*breath*…on the outside
It's so hard to sleep after scrimmaging on a week night.
I may just be unobservant, but I think that was the first appearance of in the series. The series needed more Oz.
stay tunes for next weeks beating of the boys
how bout a follow and a follow back from
people that think they can sing <<<
what about and me?
Which VS angel is your fave? For me, it's a toss-up b/t Candice Swanepoel and Lindsay Ellingson. Brad votes Erin Heatherton.
yea yu should its so fun in vegas ahaha
What ever happened to awkward
Cudahy - witnesses say car was about 80mph over cliff.
American Family Insurance, we had no proof of insurance so he asked us if we knew the jingle...we didn't hesitate to start singing
yooo!...we gon do work bro!..
Kobe gonna bring the team back from 40 down.....
omg the rain in spain song is realy weird
Starting new series "WhoDoYouThinkYouAre?" tom ! Giving away 21 day devotional guides to discover identity in Christ!
Have you bought your tickets yet for the yet? www.chicagosketchfest.com
thank you for the suggestions.
Your next video should be named MONKEY PORN! :D
Rest in peace, Junior...
that would be freakishly awesome!
great game last nite. You are floatin on top of the womens game.
I need to hang out with more often lol
Gonna try and get some sleep tonight. I have a lot on my mind
Its 6am and Im still not asleep. Im not even tired yet. So Im very confused. Ive resorted to sitting on my bed watching Youtube. >.<
pretty sure we have 's head in there too...
I am totally in love with ! He is such a sweetie♥ He is the best! :)
Hey Im a lil dude trying get big like you man. Can you help me out?
Chicks waiting on Boosie to get out of Prison only Date Goon Niggas that wear Tank tops, COOGI PANTS, Reeboks & Gold Teeth..
If strippers are called exotic dancers, then drug dealers should be called exotic pharmacists.
Purging old files and getting a bit nostalgic. It's amazing how many great projects I've been a part of I love my job!
RT God wants you to get to know Him, like He already knows you! // so good!
Also, crowdsourcing best Boston cupcakes. Need it light & moist w/kickass buttercream like ScottCakes in P-town. Suggestions, pls&thx.
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
Mountain Goats, definitely, esp if U haven't before-performance brings out the intensity of John Darnielles songs. Phish is Phish.
im just curious....I would think they would report just like espn writers would. good interview none the less
Hello Tara, nice to meet you! Thanks for checking us out!
you gotta convince my mom to let me get it !
where u live at?
Sounds amazing I can't wait! RT : Launching June 1! 2 NEW Zing flavors ~ Dk Choc Hazelnut & Coconut Cashew Crisp
Come to the Bucks game tonight if you are ini town
Chilling and playing xbox live...
bad fuse. Working on it with sdge.
Ill be there the 31st
(AP) -- U.S. soldier Robert Bales now charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder in Afghan shootings, could face death.
I bet you did..
wow my eyelids feel like a million pounds right now :/
A lovely twelve-year-old boy just proposed to me using the ring that was already on my finger. Too bad I'm taken ;-)
Upside if Fins pass on Tannehill: Will be comedy GOLD to see Fins GM Ireland say afterward they see 58-year-old Dave Garrard as "the future"
We are open Christmas Eve. 9AM - 2PM
sounds about right, everyone should take a couple years to recover before their next trip....Vegas can get you good!
great! Super busy running my shop and finding time to do a little writing here and there! You?
Don't go to the caf!! I was so very wrong... Pooping green for hours.
RT : Drive Me Crazy on Netflix, yo!
My real job is tech support, which apparently translates to doing it for friends/family as well, lol
I luv the weekend
walk up to one and tell him you need his clothes, his boots, and his motorcycle.
“: The Internet needs a penalty box” freaking AMEN. I've wished for this so many times recently.
Last night, in my dreams, I complimented myself a lot. It felt good.
I'm reading this book called "first rate madness," and I need to pass some knowledge real quick...
#RonPaul gearing up for another 4th or 5th place finish as Romney shill in Louisiana.
Throw your soul through every open door.
hate to hear that man. Did police say many breakins in area lately?
I SAID GOOD DAY!
Signing up more people for the upcoming Salesperson class on August 3 M-F 9-12! So excited our business is picking up! www.tuckerschool.com
Big big thanks to for the honor of being fan of the week this week! Hubs and I are over the moon for our trip!
On the couch watching a Mad Men marathon
well said, man
Come on out and join Team Thomas for an evening of food, friends and music @ Preumium Distributors
this Aint Buisness Bitch This is Personal
God Morning! TGIFF! :) wow, its scary how the river just keeps rising
so Bubble Girl, are you just going to wait it out?
Wow is really ruining all of this. Way to go.
If I ever feel like having a near-death experience, I simply hop on the 8 during rush hour.
just waited over an hour to donate my blood only to find out that i couldn't even donate bc i went to belize last summer #sorry?
Just about to start my #5kday for #nanowrimo. Need 3 of these plus one 2k day to finish.
I got bout hella tests tomorrow
Getting super geek'd out about the blog post I'm currently working on that digs into the science of #pet food recalls.
trying my hand at a chateau lambic grand cru
Love the analogy of #FYE course (UBE101) as a "swiss army knife" for new students. Thanks for coordinating this great program!
So I go to an attorney for legal help, an MD for medical help, and a politician for education reform ? Hm
#Alliance12 #HEUG I've seen a few Tweets asking this, so FYI, the wireless password for the "Alliance" network is "alliance2012"
People that try to mind your business don't really have their life's under control, they want to have yours under control.
I had my money on you being atheist, or pagan at least.
haha yes! Its funny you posted this cause in class I also drew my name but mine looks way worse then yours.. awk
What I wouldn't give for #7minutesinheaven with right now...::sigh::..
(I had to look that up, and then I blushed.)
Is it possible maybe to have a love strong, that nothing could ever compare?
let me make i clear i dont deal with your problems ok your so immature!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sherlock Holmes was such a know-it-all.
If my sperm could talk I would prefer they had an accent - mosier
we can only hope!
happy weekend!
- I hope it's a 6'5" QB out of Tennessee.
See the hottest thing in candles!
so oracle is certified on amazon EC2 with a big announcement but somehow cannot be certified on vmware?
When life is to hard to stand, try kneeling.
Yeah I'm gonna have to call bullshit on that one. RT We ( ) and I are just concerned for your well being
These Mexicans betta chill and speak proper english today at work
Kids 5 and under are invited to read with United Way volunteers & Parent Educators. Activities & refreshments. More Info:...
As much as the song "Call Me Maybe" annoys me, I think it applies to what a lot of girls think.
Any followers from Japan in here?
I hate watching movies with Spanish voice overs. It just isn't the same 😔
Will the draft guide include a list of players that must stay overseas? Would be extremely helpful
#FF greetings and thanks
This winter weather is bipolar, pun intended ;-)
Authors get your book in libraries an often overlooked avenue of huge profit potential as libraries pay full price!
Sleep in, workout, guitar, homework, Carol of the Lights and Phi Lamb formal. It's gonna be a great day!
Goal: liberate data from HHS. Via HHS Health indicators warehouse coming. Will ask priv sector to build apps from the data.
FYI O'Lydia's is running a shuttle to the UWM game at the Klotsche center Tuesday night. Bus leaves at 6:30pm for 7pm game.
I'm not whatever that big word you used is! I like women!
thanks to Mary/Carlo/Bernadette. Just went to Starbucks, about to open some presents! Gotta go to rehearsal later on but for now it's bday!
do it
Commissioner Humke compares fire department break up with Reno to U.S. revolution with Great Britain.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities. Aldous Huxley
Try the "Submit A Question" feature in the latest Sporting Explore update to have yours included in the in-game trivia during the playoffs!
thanks for the follow Sony PS!
glad to see you don't support SOPA in its present form, however copyright laws previously enacted are detrimental to public good
Definitely going to start using HootSuite
Thank God for another day. Hope u have a blessed one.
Awesome! <3 you!
And the #BlackKnights will be heading to Overalls with their win tonight!! Way to go #Knights!
Its a solid white line for a reason dickbags.
i know!
It's not Summer but it feels like it
look at you at tweety and stuff haha
Ahah. Not much xD your good.
Toby: hate to say it but tenes team gonna lose Me: why Him: cause they have god on there side Lolol. Cause they a catholic school!(:
Reminds me of a bank teller that told story of guy robbing bank and writing note on back of his pay stub
Will draft Courtney Upshaw, Peter Konz, or Alshon Jeffery...or trade down again?
He's so good that even though he is in the NBA its was still #jimmertime for byu tonight
Happy "Family Business Day" to all the other family businesses in Mass today!
Save $25 when you add kicking camp/specialty clinic to 4-day camp. Sign up by 5/15 to take advantage of these savings www.footballcamps.com
Four ballet parents and the teacher all wearing hoodies at class today GERALDO.
my favorite quote was I would have fined him more but yes it's a problem. Hahah pick a stance bro
It's definitely him......
i wud be sad u better not be thinking of deleting :o
hi there.
did you spot one of our posters? rumor has it they are out there in many places including DFC
Happy new year Coopsters! Hope to see your smile a little more often in the new year ;)
ok cool im a send it now
L’Etranger by is now in stock at NYC's (Howard St) and Los Angeles' (N. Vermont). Get one!
i dm you
what is it about the darkness that completely invades my creative senses.
nobody cares
Shopping with my mom.
It's Google's 12th birthday today. Let's get them an 800 lb. gorilla...
Rangers deserve to lose this game...Lundquist played horrible tonight #NYR$
since school is out im going to the library
I enjoy morning bus stop convos with kids and moms sharing book reading ideas to keep the babies reading; this weeks rec: Fablehaven.
I need a life with more money!!
love it - give em hell!
someone hang out with me.. other than (she smells)
Bed Bath and Beyond...if there's time.
thanks for the
say something else
RT Nothing more fun than a morning talking about Elizabeth Edwards Foundation & getting enthusiastic responses!
MY RADIO LOVES TO HARASS ME
Totally. Those Strobist peeps get all slobbery over him and are a little too rabid for my tastes.
That was my last piece of gum..
Running the marathon, half marathon, relay, or Urban 10-miler? Yes, you MUST come to Expo at Mile High - NO race day Packet Pick-Up..
Q4: What do you think about virtual author events - things like Livestream, Skyping or Shindig?
And I'll go with you! Stop by Atlanta to get me!
KD has the only gm winner that I can recall RT who would you say is an example of "clutch" right now in the playoffs?
Happy First Day of Spring!
Ready 4 whatever
thanks for the support.
I just earned the Nighthawk badge on #Yelp!
yup me too well we all live in San Antonio,I was at chickfila and this girl said she went to skool with him
oh you got jokes! Ehh? :-p
I know this sounds selfish, but I have Lowrie on my fantasy team, and he was robbed, and so was I!
so glad to sleep late
Ended the evening with friends and neighbors of the York Road Partnership. Something about that meeting was refreshingly...warm. Felt ni ...
I love me some KG. "The Kid" is getting better with age.
I MISS FYSH N CHICKS :(
you werent even following me, shut the hell up!! u never followed back! cause you suck!
": Hello RT : Hey the young lady I was telling you about is " 4sho ok luv
What do you call people that are on Pinterest a lot? Pinheads??
you are more than welcome boo
haha how do you become a classical human being
Siri remind me to tell edUi caterer no bananas RT :stakeholder interview participant brought a banana. I hate bananas even the smell
The day has flown by !yayyy
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you save baseball games.
So fun to plan your days around
we've spoken in the past, connected on linkedin. Saw you were in need of a SR. DEV. DM me I can help.
I can handle it
get to leave work and frolic in the sun... #goodfriday or #greatfriday?
Good analysis of suspensions on , tho they could find/create/use pictures of Rads & AK in current #Preds uniforms.
Heavy day at school- kids dealing with loss of student who passed away over the weekend. Found out the boy's dad is a leader in my BSF class
SomeDays i need a rewind Button!
What was your favorite part of freshmen orientation?
to go BEAR hunting.!
Why do we say sleep like a baby, when babies wake up every two hours at night? Doesn't sound like a good way to sleep...
Ranger game is on firstrowsports Thats where I'm watching online.
kelly is so mean to your cats
Are you a LMT, DC, or LAc? Do you need a place to practice? Two Suns Massage has space available! Call 503 449 5164 for details
anyone else order the Houdini wine kit thingy 3 weeks ago from ? I have yet to receive mine and I'm getting zero customer service..
Cedric &Jake told me they killed Spiderman... I`m sad noww ):
I live with the mentality of Tyler Durden and the principals of Hemingway
I think tonite I sacrifice sleep to get some quality studio time in.
"You don't know how much I got to lose. You don't know herlike I do"<3 - Brantley Gilbert
That was fast, did they run the kick back?
She is 11 month old today. And the countdown to 1 begins. I'm going to cry.
Get ready for trade show season & call us for your t-shirt & apparel printing. We print everything so give us a jingle. 1-866-755-9550.
feelin a lil lazy i need to talk to daisy :)
We are thrilled to have celebrity make-up artist to Jennifer Hudson be apart of our event!
When people say stupid stuff. >
Great pix ! Hope I can visit these grand buildings one day. O, wait - I live here! So nice to meet you yesterday ~
Check out pickfu.com - awesome market research tool!
I have not been on much lately. Sorry... Super busy! But I take y'all every were I go :) #burnhamonmyipod and
Thank you so much for taking the time to speak to us. I walked away with so much useful information.
I've been home alone since I woke up...
thank you :p
Clatsop Co. DA: Marques G. Foster of Seaside arrested on 2 counts of murder in connection to 2 bodies found. believed weapon, baseball bat
RG3: what an inspiration to the kids
"Education should be about collaboration, not cooperation!" Ray McNulty
Just took my ketchup-addicted father to Craft & Commerce. I brought a bottle of Heinz for his burger & fries (like me, he hates aioli)
We need your help. Please vote for Owens Harkey & Associates on www.rankingaz.com as the best advertising agency, PR firm in Arizona.
OH from kiddo: "Programming a computer and creating a government are both magical"
I want one! :( A loft, not a ladder. But then again, a ladder is pretty useful...
Chris Lee: Implicitly advocating for the death of baseball coaches.
Challenge yourself for you must fashion forms and images of the good you wish to do and have.
web site design insight for #libraries : ALWAYS put a link for staff/employee directory on homepage. sincerely, one frustrated researcher.
Amazing night, fabulous dinner with my favorite men plus got to see Holly_Shiver? Who do I think I am?!
#TeamHeat D Wade putting it on dat #Lin boy & #Chalmers been shutting his azz down all game....Da King working on Melo
Late at night waiting for a guy to sweep you off your feet because HE doesn't, just leave him, you deserve much more than you think
I didn't really much want a good 2nd half to be honest.
Going shopping in a little :)
doesnt change the sentiment
We fight, we break up. We kiss, we make up.
LOL. I have many "corporate" Twitter accounts that I follow, but everyone on /people has a pulse (as far as I know).
just got home from work. do I have homework? yeah. am I gonna do it? maybe next week.
hi... do i know you?
LOL! You're a devious SOB with a poor sense for finding assassins!
Is it impossible, electric curling irons circa WWI?
too bad I was at practice?
Gators on one right now vs Norfolk
And the worst overall ERA in majors: 6.10
Forecast for Tuesday: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms in the morning. Then scattered showers and...
clearly bloomberg reads my twitter
Why can't I live in Florida. So much better then Indiana. 🌊☀🌴
Ron Paul's answer about eliminating TSA and FEMA gives one a good idea what Ron Paul land looks like.
Thanks to my genius brother, Joel R. Voss, who's helping me with my experimental server at home.
Ever been driving and stop and eat at a McDonalds in a gas station and realize you are the problem?
hey i got a new number. imma send it to you
So you and are on the chocolate bandwagon? Interesting.
bitches stay moist for your vitamin D
HEY EVERYONE!
Thanks for the follow Kyrie and Sam!
"Justin Bieber is in the house!"...President has also ordered Seal Team 6 to go "in the house"..
Austinites have endorsed Gonzalez to theme "Let's Do This Austin!" But, does Austin really need a State Rep seat in El Paso?
yeah I'm with Verizon now.
Do you get to wear a tux?
And Giants win!!! YEAH BUDDY!(:
I got some hit singles In the making - you want produce the album
I think we can hit our renewable energy targets by harnessing hot air coming from GOP Congressmen. Problem solved!
he was a Bro then and he's a Bro now
Well its stormin here in lebanon bored and im just sittin here listen and yeah lol
It sucks being stuck at school. I want to be at #chi2012 with all the other cool people.
Madison I'm going to miss America so bad I had such a great time !!! Gonna miss being in the same country as you !!! Headinghome
I'm sure your throat can take a beating. :-D
Join us for lunch today the best BBQ PORK sandwiches in town.
That's the F-Market, which is a streetcar. You're thinking of cable cars, which get called trolleys, streetcars, etc. Welcome btw
curve cologne
Nah, it just means you're a good twitizen.
Problem with for me nowadays ... more heat than light. Did anyone learn anything today? We will see.
yeah saw my hubby last night and my dad met him 4 1st time
Glued on TV, watching how the big boys do things. Dad always said, in order to be the best you first must learn from the best!
who will be 1,000 follower? RT : one more until steak dinner. Double butter!
A coffee shop where everyone is talking to each other? We must not be in Seattle anymore...
RT : That's the new Ancestry DNA test which I also did
When will you be in DC again?
These 85º May days in Austin are freaking me out a little bit. Not complaining. Nope, just enjoying the weird, cool weather.
well... Do you wanna go shopping tomorrow? :D
lmao! True...but it is a long way there... Or ale house for heat game first then tootsies
I'm feeling good from my head to my shoes...
Bare with us on the website... its being redesigned... but look for us in your grocery store. We're all #organic, and low calorie
Yum. Green chile venison.
Hoping my son will feel better soon
Gm, time to get up and start my day..
My work here is done!
Why does this recall election remind me of Celebrity Death Match on MTV? If only life was as simple as claymation. Wait...
Going A Day of Foster.ly this weekend
Grt news! MT When it opens Rosedale RC will include 1 of DCs 1st playgrounds w/equipment for residents w/disabilities. Awesome!
Fun Raising At Zuma North is a fun & easy way to raise money for your organization!
kids these days... :)
good! me to yayyy *finally* hehe
Fair food>>>>
So your job is to make traffic a nightmare for people on St Pete Beach? Oh, right, then you get to cover it. Got it.
w.e I would Justin over all of them then there would be Caden right next to Justin and the rest on the bottom
lol u wuld say that date tho u n shae got all the money
Hey, mothers are people too. People who like sex. With discount condoms.
DAMN MY CAPS BUTTON IS STUCK
Just went and bought new 3 FOR 3. I know what I'm listening to tonight! :D
whenever u free love. The thrift close at 6 I think though just lemme know
Theres been #Reports that a women was having #9 babies at once Well it was a
Governor Walker's sons go to public school?? I didn't know! (Oh wait, it's the 15th time he's said it on this panel)
I am really, really excited about this weekend!
My Ex ? Yea, I'd Hit That ! With A TRUCK !
Salido vs Lopez. Fight of the year contention. What a great fight.
PLEASE!! follow me :) loved your character Peeta Mellark and I love you and I Just Loved the book :D
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to play PC games
they are signed by la reid . OMG ! i wanna know so BAD !!
Still amazed at how much hearing about couples divorcing punches me in the gut. I was 9 when mine did. No judgment, but divorce just sucks.
you look like :) Both so gorgeous!
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Oh sorry I'll stop tweeting at you then :P
you forgot to add "Fergodsakes!" coach.
And I know it's hard to believe, but the slight delay is not just to inconvenience you. Really. Please talk quieter. Thanks.
We will be asking the first question in just a minute! Thanks for joining.
Welcome So glad you were able to join us tonight :)
i stayed up all night it 5:31
that would be a fun slot tho..
Last first day! GO!
huge burn
been chilling
vehicle break in lastnite here at home now have a 4 channel cam system recording all nite every nite!!
so im gonna die soon what do you have to say to that?
As C. Barkley would say, turrible
Troy Calhoun as the next Broncos Head Coach??
Mother's Day-time 2 remember & celebrate incredible gifts God has given us in special people 2 love & nurture & appreciate-reflection of Him
LOVE YOU, KAILEY. :)
Me too! Well, Sunday.
Oh how i miss you
live it, breathe it
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Boston market wit my baby and the fam :-D
just sold a dress found 1994 at a Tegernsee Bavaria restaurant's parking lot to a girl in #Friedrichshain YEAH
Barrett gets endorsement of current and former Madison mayors including Cieslewicz, who Falk helped get elected in 2003
We are in Hermosa Beach at the Jose Quervobeach vollyball tournament!! Come on down!!
no we just haven't talked or seen each other
Why was the last 5 minutes pixelated on Directv?
morning to you
The person I love to follow the most is I truly love this guy, he has helped me GROW a lot...lov him like a father...
Mother&#39;s Day: Where to book reservation now
tough talk for now...
Happy birthday to the best sister ever loves you!!!
followed bro, give me a shout out!
Just chilling this morning with the family, its my day off.
More Black On Then A Fucking Repass.
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for supporting Austin I really appreciate it you have been with him through every thing and you'll stay with him.
Jersey shore tonight bitches yay
So many memories.
I love that you two know each other!
Chicken butt haha
#NeverHaveIEver wanted to look up a dress until now. gotta love kilts
College is important, without it we wouldn't have college football-Tim Allen So go to school so I can watch yo team compete for the title.
Beard-less for the first time since I can remember.
Dear people who do not like tattoos, I don't and never will understand you.
Goin to see a man about a horse. #Keeneland bound Wish me luck!
Finished my first workout since twisting my ankle. Stuck with cardio machines that didn't require a lot of balancing.
please wish a happy birthday!
if you can leave feedback that would be awesome as well! Thanks for the support!
im pretty sure you said that about twitter too hah..
Congratulations to Team Triple Crown player Becca Ledford for making the USA Volleyball High Performance team this year.
Exhausted after shooting today's funeral scene, ready for singing along with the Sound of Music tonight! Attitude adjustment time, eh? :D
case study: 'gamer thoery' is what they call their 'first networked book'
Drawing up the headings for the book's index, and, um, it's actually kind of fun.
The upright splice is specially shaped to fit inside the upright tight against the side flange.
Hope everyone has a safe, blessed, and Happy Thanksgiving! There's nothing greater than spending time w/ family for the holidays.
Lady just left bathroom without washing hands... Gets me everytime!
yeah, just posted on FB. LOL. UH-OH!
#DontYouHateWhen you finish reading a book and suddenly feel lonely and depressed because you aren't spending time in that "world" anymore?
RT : We're now on Twitter! Follow us for green tips and solutions to your home cleaning needs!
Who's ready for the weekend?
GOOD MORNING LOVELY FOLLOWERS!!:))
and yes the NBA is kind of rigged its geared toward super stars and heat will get alot of calls
I am dating the hottest most amazing man on earth.
we do some awesome rock star tattoos as well!
These hiccups won't go away
god damn koala bear
Being a seasoned journalist means you're spicy! You deserve the recognition.
aw those are really helpful words. they said the same about Sperantsa and now we're partnered with Apple and soon cancer clinics!
hahaha. Nah. We're pretty much on the same level ;)
what ballpark is in your twitter background pic? Racking my brain & can't figure it out.
I'm at and everyone but me is in sweatpants.. yep, I must be on a college campus
I'm not claiming a lack of bias with media trackers. If the JS did their job, media trackers wouldn't have to.
Thank you for the #FF!
sounds good
Though, how did Granger not get a foul for clubbing James on the head?
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, But those that fall from the heart and cover the soul
(Me: Defining new ontology is pretty easy. Defining a sound one rather harder. Defining one everyone impt agrees on lots harder.)
": my partners & just hit #3 on the top 100 Dubstep release charts!"
This conversation...
Thanks for being a supporter !!!
nice to see a tweet from you. Does it get dark in Portland at 4 pm like it does in Chi?
and remember #JoeDenim says,"If ignorance is bliss than brilliance is this!"
how were our films received this weekend? #Cinematographer Extraordinaire lol!
let me talk to becky - theo may be a little tiny for this but we could go
Long day?
Upload music, comics, ebooks, photos and more..
if thats the case youre welcome to bring the info and receipts to our board mtg tues
Aww cute! Yes keep me updated!!
Going to #Chicago in a couple hours #funtimes ahead
"Why do guys likee tongue"-lexxi "cause they want action ;D trust me imma sex therapist"-me LMFAAOO! ♥
You can't manifest desires through clouds of fear, neediness, or clinginess.
You'd have to contact the person who runs that one - Chris Kenton, CEO of SocialRep
Being uninteresting!
crows gotta eat
Just ran the MIT Beaver Dash, my 1st 5K! Perfect day for it, too.
im back
I have to wait in line at #SprintStore just to get a gift card. At least 3 sales people walking around. Service fail.
we are open everyday except Easter and Christmas!
“: I want a donut.” wrapped in bacon. Just sayin
Na! I even gave him a big tip. Figured if I went nuts, he'd be like, "SEE?! Your gay dad fucked you up."
We have only had to say this once, "Sir, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave."
Don't rush it! It'll come when it comes.
haha, baby napping, guess what I'm doing?
President Kessler talking about substance abuse being addressed this #wvleg session
Talked with an English professor a few days ago who collects ancient samurai weapons and writes books about those weapons.
oh yes. Groin blasts en masse.
Tx for the interview promo. Hope you are buzzing with business!
Fri; sat. Ask around, it don't getting much better. , for list/tables.
#nowplaying Theory Hazit --I Just Wanna Come Home. 
Some much needed Twitter maintenance done! Lists, lists, and more lists. A little cosmetic touch-up to www.championtutoring.com as well.
it's been a great day!
lol i got one i just got wait to use it on a international phone dick head
#YouKnowWhat against popular belief Twitter is not an online diary.
Don't forget to check out Friday Troupe's FREE Improv show "Menos Uno" at Elise's Tea Room tomorrow 7:30pm!
Me to! ;) I really hope it doesn't snow where I'll be in Washington O.o
we drove around for about 10 minutes then went to house and watched forgetting sarah marshal
Can't believe that the 1st is now behind us... Thanks to all that made this week a reality & success. Bring on 2013.
I think I'll submit a formal report on the and email issue.
#Vegas it's tomorrow can't wait to meet and with my mom Darlene and 🍸
get out of my stadium you angel fan...
Question about "this means war" - were they related??
When I fathom all the war in the world, I can't help but think that the devil's greatest power is his ability to pretend to be God!
I just got back to the city. Will be hitting Uptown espresso before I go to work :D
Low battery again!
Makin my way downtown. Walkin fast sum sum sum. Nanananananana
images in from Brian Lesteberg, Christopher Wurzbach, Sandy Dyas, Katie Koti and Ben Huff - 17 to go
anyone know how to get firebug to not hide non-moz vendor prefixes?
You're so adorable. <3
when does it come out?? i want to see tht too! he was so good in dear john ! have u seen tht movie?
Thank you for the retweet!!
The death penalty needs to be abolished in our country.
mobb deep quiet storm
Kiss me, I'm Irish. Happy St Patrick's Day!!
lol let's do it! I'm seriously okay with watching it on a Friday night too.. haha
Great Article!! TopTierLegalGroup.com - the only trusted source for finding the best attorneys in the area!
Thanks for the follow!
Stop teasing daddy lol!
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to make at least a $.10 donation to National Breast Cancer Foundation.
Two things I cant wait for. #Packers football and NCAA 13!
oh goodness! He's so cute. How old?
Creating a libguide on #Springshare, who knew it could be so much fun?
Sure. We have 21 libraries using RFID.
Have you spotted my boyfriend out & about in Nash yet? Check the coffee shops.
A wise man once said, "The harder I work, the luckier I get." Look at how are "lucky."#April 27-28....
haha, you like that one?! That would be amayyyyyyzing
Looking forward to a beautiful night at the Botanic Gardens with India Arie! :-)
y u giving me the silent treatment ? Lol
nf looking foward to the clothing line project bro! whats midpoints twitter?
#FF B4 the US gov't drafts you and strips your body for mutant cyborg drone parts:
I'm happy you are following. Thank you:
Stop lol": RTRTRT": Niggas say they so in love but yet they still be texting the next bitch #RealTalk""
April Fools from us and He was in on the gag and we couldn't resist playing along! #ResurrectionSunday returns next SUNDAY!!
I played kickball today. At least I got to cross home once. In the process, busted my ankle. Conclusion? I have no business kicking anything
morning :) thanks for the Twitter love <3
RepubLIEcans proved yesterday that talk of spending reduction is just hot air as they voted to keep giving millions to big oil
Twitter is Quit and boring !!! I bet that is not here (•͡_•͡ ) ROCK my timeline \(˘▿˘)/
I want a dog named We Go now.
the white wizard approaches, and his techno is bad ass
Sounds good. Probably bean burrito too.
Why does the General have a penguin?
Thanks for your Tweet Steve! Any additional thoughts and feedback is appreciated.
I blame Kareem jackson
hi Kim from Milwaukee, WI... Just wondering how old is your oldest daughter?
hey watsup...found u on twitter =]
Verizon u tease!!! Philly LA woulda been an awesome final
never fails
Yes he does ! C:
Fried chicken barbecue corn beef and fried Cabbage 😜
Florida, you've been nothing but nice to me today. Stay this way for the next seven days, alright?
All we'd ever need -Lady Antebellum
it's not strep but my doctors an idiot and was like well take this and go home.. So I really don't know. I'm not contagious.
thanks for the follow! Ever been hiking in #Illinois? I wonder what the best spot is?
La Piojera, a bar/restaurant in Santiago breaks all restaurant rules & its the coolest place in town. When can retail break the rules?
Obviously....sports can be a serious risk to your health, because the bobcats are killing me! Fun to be at the game...for a while anyway :(
This is the make or break year for Chan. Nix has done his job, let's hope Fitzy is ready
I Told Essence , Murad Likes Girls w. Small Butts , Then I Was Like That Mean He Likes You , And She Said That Means He Likes You Too -.-
thanx bro! much love!
Played final Spring soccer game last night. Glad I got the season after not getting cleared until a week before with the broken foot....
what did u have for dinner.
yay!! I have plans tomorrow look at my loser life all I do is play sports and do homework
A president whispered missile weapons secrets the Russians? Really? Who? Don't be coy if you are going to make accusations.
Seriously I change my nail color every week or every day .
Condom Slogans No. 2: Don't be a loner, cover your boner.
no beans for me please...lol
Just signed up for the webinar with Chef Geoff! Can't wait to hear his recipe for success in food and cookbooks!!
50 apps already submitted to RIM for the PlayBook via App World
u remind me of a boy that I once new
wild pitch advances the runners
Cool! I asked Ava what we should go for my 40th in a couple of yrs. she said, "Go to space!" haha! I'd just puke the whole time.
listening to new Anberlin
twitcon is awesome.
Why is "Pretty Woman" on ABC Family?
What's that bright thing in the eastern sky?
Yea Lmao Idk Why She Even Cut Her Hair She Look Like A Boy
congrats on the new baby boy!!
Choices are always present even when they appear not to be.
I was talking to my black thigh high boots today while playing w/phone thinking it was my dog. #preoccupied. Thank God I'm not a Mom. Geeze.
Attention OVS members and friends in their 20’s and 30’s: Join us for a fun 1.5-mile hike through Sweetwater Creek Park on May 23 at 10 AM!
#SuperBowl Wow a huge sack and now only 38 seconds to score, but a long fourth down just to keep this drive going.
Poop your pants and shut the fuck-up GIANTS fan.Enjoy hostess filed for bankruptcy!ENJOY THE SHOW.
Hate it when I "lost" a student... just read an uncommitted, just adequate essay from a student who used to have fire. Reflecting on path.
Watch out youtube, my #ukulele practicing is gonna pay off big time.
I know, right. Le sigh indeed :(
I am getting tired of all the negativity people put out there.
Ahlstrand - 8 commty colleges + 7 workforce boards in SE Michigan IDing key data points, how to avoid duplication of services
Pulled up to volleyball practice with cult of personality just coming on. Walked into practice yelling BEST IN THE WORLD!
“: #NoManShouldEver make eye contact with another man while eating a banana.”
You inspire me with your passion for our culture
when does the next good vibes come out?
Whoa Whitney Houston is gone. Way too young.
Eat this! Quinoa is a drink, too
I Love Cartoons...It Keeps Me Calm
The uptown city streets are buzzing today. Beautiful day in
Headed to Germany for #SpaceTweetup this weekend. Will visit Speyer Tech Museum on Mon and view the Soviet Space Shuttle Buran test vehicle.
That. Is. Awesome.
Thompson July 4 hours update: opening Sat. July3 at 8 a.m. (not 10 a.m. as posted previously)
we blew past 10k ....haha, have a good day girl
Oh so tired but can't sleep...... Ugh!
It's time to get out of your own way. Act like you want to be blessed!
Goodnight Milwaukee, you were a fun ass crowd this weekend, only shows us how crazy this summer is going to be..
Mixtape Meltdown presents DJ Bud Sweet/Vinyl Fetish, post/punk, Gang of 4 ticket giveaway, buttons, $2 PBRs & more tonight at !
“: A quince at a ballroom for 200 👊💢👎” "but we don't want you to mix. Just let the song play out" I give them the (~__~ t)
Been off Twitter for a minute but yes, please correspond! I'm at hm.otterbein (at) gmail these days.
what up pretty boy....no rainbow
Interesting video via dealing with Mark Davis (ref) and C's in a previous game…
Never thought I would be Twitter spammed by the President. I get it already, we should contact our Congress people.
- don't hate, you just don't understand the bond that me and have
BRING BACK BIG JOHN!
you both need to tie your shoes cuz you guys are tripping breakfast is terrible
Kevin Na has now gotten a new sponsor. He is proud to now be the "official golfer of Entmoot"
That's weird. I don't like it when the city changes a person's polling place. Esp. making it far away from work.
Fuck this place. #Seriously. I need to find another job. Because this shit makes me want to shoot myself.
dear YouTube. If you remove a video due to whatever kind of complaint. Please remove from my favorties list, queue or whatever. thx.
“: Next season's National Champs will be _______________.” The Texas Longhorns!!
those things are amazing.
#icanttrustyouif you are always looking around like you're being followed by Joey Greico and Cheaters
absolutely! Planning my Summer vacation now
What a game!
nice to meet you! “: thanks for the introduction, i feel special!”
If there was ever anyone who DIDN'T need more money from their one thing, it's the woman who wrote "What to Expect When You're Expecting."
#imagine Austin telling you - My next song is going to be JUST FOR YOU - ♥
what's up Kenny?
how does it save $?
Just landed in
Very nice! You got the high card of the day. Can't wait to see you May 19th for Down The Rabbit Hole.
I hear rock! I knew a guy who was in the band. Have fun.
That would be hilarious! She's going to miss us all so much....
yeah you can't beat that. you really can't.
Yes King! Could de I do some jingle/drop for the radio show: "R.U. IRIE"? Sat 6-10pm Wrsu/88.7fm NJ Blessed- RED ROSE
as long as YOUR tank is as full as MY talk......
OMG!! MAP testing was so easy!!! Everyone at our school was like Stressing out over it, but now im like why did the teachers stress us out!!
Yay! Eric and I just saw you on TV. We were like, "We know her!" Eric wants to bid on a"wolf in snowy scene" painting. :)
Now I'm in Oak Park, re-learning what 'hospitality' means. Thanks Hannah.
It would be nice if Meryl Streep ever looked like she tried to look nice for an awards show
thanks for asking! We start at K applications on the website of each school. Cityneighborsfoundation.org
would love to see the crippler I saw vs Akiyama again. #Fan4life after that scrap. Good luck to you CL
#NowPlaying The Notorious B.I.G. – Greatest Hits on
you gonna be in the burg over thanksgiving?
q2) Anyone show examples of end results?
AWESOME! I NEED NEW GEAR, IM GOING TO GO PRAY TO THE MUISIC GODS NOW.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson ^_^ CARROTS, STRIPES, SUSPENDERS!!! your my superman <3
Glad to hear it!
idk what to do with my life lulz
/ funnyBUZ is a hard card, no doubt! That's why the targets are worth so much...
so true. love that... credibility is a responsibility. well said.
Brah I miss you man lol
I'm a bitch when people don't understand what I'm saying.
STUDY: Couples Fight An Average Of 167 Times A Year In The Bedroom. Really?! What do you fight about in there??
These headphones <<<
DW is great so far. I just have a short attention span for things right now. I know I couldn't survive 9 seasons of OTH.
good suggestions.
RT : Do you have water damage from the flood and need to store your valuables? Let us know, we can help!
Listening to the new ADAM LAMBERT CD TRESPASSING- it is FIRE!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the tweet! We will be posting new songs every couple weeks too! It's always nice to see people help local music!
Battle of the beaten and the Red Sox walk away unbeaten #itsgonnabealoooongseason or #atleastitsaloooooongseason??
Samsung Shows Why 'Thin Is In' for Chips, Hard Drives, HD TVs
You and your relationships disgust me
Do you have the app for nandos!?:)
Actually, he was a birther before he evolved...": Obama wasn’t born in Kenya, except when he claims he was born
HAPPY HALLOWEEN FROM YOUR FRIENDS AT CAGESTARS. WILL YOU GET A TRICK OR A TREAT?
Great sign of a great sunny day- I got my RYDER ROCKERS on...ROCK ON with your RYDER ROCKERS ON!
come pick me up hoe
Don't let your nightmares pollute your dreams.
Why is there hardly ever any hot construction workers? #Sigh maybe so I pay attention to the roads lol
Dude, can David Milch catch a break on HBO? (hopefully not the kind of break that leads to euthanasia, of course)
no hard feelings! It was some automated thing I saw an ad for and my boredom got the best of me.
Shadowing a librarian at the Ref Desk for my health sciences library internship
LOL RT : Jan Brewer saw a brown man at the airport and simply thought he was an illegal. It's a simple mistake people.
that someone is saying not nice things about me (I'm using my filter!!!) do I change my PW too??!!?
Relay races followed by Benadryl.
When people ask you "are you talkin to somebody?" & you really have no clue if you are or not..
All your hopes, prayers and wishes can come true. It’s more likely if you spend less time daydreaming and do something, though.
thats all moms
This shower better wake me up.
Saturday morning business mtg.
Reecees cafe is now on twitter follow us for great deals
my love for you is grand
I know right lol. We have the weirdest relationship right now though so it's cool. I didn't exactly wanna go anyway lololol
so i heard back in the day you were cast into a flubber worm...?
I would be but it's POURING and HAILING in New Orleans right now!
late reg is open until 4 pm
I hear that...stupid having to be a responsible adult!
#Amendment1 vote means we can now all confidently go back to having gutter-low expectations of the state that kept Jesse Helms in office.
Searching for inspirational definitions of creativity for school mission. Need something visionary.
Great. You have a cool picture
back to reality...im still going tho'!
Sorry I've been somewhat MIA. The play I'm in opens tonight. Meanwhile, I hate making computer-generated labels. Hate.
wait a minute... I can Airplay apps to my Apply TV? Or just video from apps?
fine with me, as long as we dont get chased by these dominicans lol
Gonna whack some Beasties on!
Don't forget fresh fit tmrw night!! Come visit sperantsa at our table in Kane!!
House party tonight wid the Girls lmbo Finna town still on single girl grind !(:
really hoping the UPS guy leaves my new total 90s at my door for my game tonight and not the leasing office which will be closed
Yeah I ain't needed to be included in your response lol
I never Saw That Coming They Were So Cute Together .
Is that a Joke or are you just hating:p Lol
I want a house with a barn someday! Random, I know.
Thank you RT : looking forward to seeing the changes
#oomf texted me "pots tonight? Ohh wait your in Miami "
Rihanna's lesbian too?! WTF. I'm so late... My mom seriously thinks this lesbian thing is a trend. I won't disagree. No Homophobia though.
Creepy white van creeping on my bus!
RT "The greatest glory of living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall" #NelsonMandela 1998
Those were the fastest awards I have ever been to
Pssst.. we will be posting some giveaways and freebies soon. Keep your eyes peeled friends!
Z turned over on his belly while sleeping and I'm very cautiously allowing him to stay there. He looks so comfy!
Why Are we All Just Striving to Succeede When In The End, We Just Die. And No One Will Remember Us Or The Things We Had Accomplished..( ._.)
Well, the whole class isn't conservative, but all the talking of politics is.
Good Morning !!! You always tell the twitter world that... And I want to say it to you GOD loves you and I love you too!!! 💓
Getting ready to head up to Wisconsin Dells for the weekend!
Officially back in Boston! Can't believe I went 2 weeks without seeing !
- Invisible Children is not a responsible nor honest NGO yet its campaign success demonstrates the power of viral marketing
"A duodene of birdnotes, chirruped bright treble answer under sensitive hands..the keys, all twinkling..life."JJ Happy Easter
This Bitch got BOSS on one titty and BITCH across the other you Cant mess with that
congrats - excited for you!!
Say wat u want about me....my character class and personality speaks for itself ;)
the one thing really pushing vim for me is a unified editor on almost any machine I'm on. Pretty would be nice, though.
“The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.”
we still had tatoo plans in store
Just watch Cheers.
so does mine
On my way to Gainesville!! Go Gators!!
Turn up
Waiting in Gov's office for Human Trafficking bill signing ceremony to begin.
Who inspired you to take control of your heart health? Has your mission to get healthy inspired family members or friends to do the same?
Bless you, emailed reference question! Something to take my mind off the fact that I feel like grim death. GRIM, mind you.
#Texas fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Temple #Texas)
He probably got annoyed with us cause we talked to him to long. xD
Some stuff on my TL just urks me. And it's ALWAYS the same person.
Need a new twitcon.
I needed it to God gave it to both of us
Buy one get one free at qdoba!!
Im offically addicted to baby Food.strawberries and bananas...str8 out The jar no spoon
A teabagger's daughter recently got married. When the preacher said, "God bless this union" the bagger slugged him
what a great meeting today.. Thank you for broacasting it... lots of information.. Thanks again
Hiro:Momma dem black cars gonna get us!!! XD Oh god his wannabe black voice is hilarious.
Well -- it's a tasting right? You could always ask "where's the spit bucket?" and act like your friends with
Russia's Putin reelection is met with violent protests! Yet, France's voters failed to connect the short path from socialism to communism...
met sloth from the goonies !
Need to get on my Twitter grind.
told you.
Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn. -E. Nightingale
Now on tumbler!!
oh right. Shows you how much I know about baseball.
I fully trust #Browns front office. I didn't want Weeden, but they did. I'll defer to Heckert lol. #GoBrowns!!
Check out my new offical twitter account. Follow Las Vegas #1 Source for Nightlife and VIP Entertainment Services..
The weekend is almost over, plenty of time for a little more fun though, am I right?
Does the Xmas tree not represent his birth!!
sippin on remy whether he likes it or not and got budlight onthe side! :)
Cue the "well if they're in it at the All Star break..." talk for the
Im Tripping
i am!!! :D I have been waiting forever for a video from u!<3 RT- “: Who's ready for more YouTube videos?”
you always just "sit around" haha
There's nothing I can do
"Perseverance overcomes intelligence, and I am a classic example of that" tells Topic: Federal regulations
Shout out to the other Justin Malizia in Louisana!!!
I want panera.& i want chipolte!
Cuomo: Minimum Wage Hike This Year &quot;In Order&quot; | New York Daily ...
then aren't coaches and trainers to blame for not managing minutes properly?
Grizz gotta win 2 str8, can it be done
Thinking about renting a limo and picking up some my friends....
When the Thought of Attempting with you Crosses My Mind, I just see a Big ass Yellow Sign that says "Caution"
The more you fuck w/ me the more you get. NBS! #TeamFreak.! <3
Excuse me but stop acting like your ariana not believing in fighting.U arent Ariana.
NEW POSH THE SALON TWITTER IS UP AND RUNNING!!
this me gurl iI use my momma name(may her soul rest in peace)....Shout OUT >>>FOllow ME...WHaeva im new to this but much my fun!
She can love you good but I can f@&$ you better
naw folks im on dat bitch i bet not see u
One tree hill problems are not like real life problems " hm which really attractive girl should I pick" this never happens
I'm starving! M
freshly paved highway !
Join us for session II screenings and presentations at 9am Following the presentations celebrate with cupcakes!!
": Yu suppose to b at school!!!! and u on twitter nawl jk"......LOL!! I need a day off
you are so welcome. :) Hope your day is filled w/ joy!
The bat mitzvah celebration is about to begin!
well Rosie, I do hospice 11years. And Grant wishes. Have a great day! Bless you and yours!....
icing my stitches with a tequila bottle...#whateverworks! Happy #NationalMargaritaDay!
entrepreneurs who understand deliberate perseverance
This RT : Missing the days of the bowler hats and mod uniforms, none of which are in evidence here.
Holy Bieber! Just got #BOYFRIEND on itunes! ...you did it again:)
as you know i am the other half of grannies on safari so check out my other twitter page
Have a great weekend #Nashvillians!
Bored to death but mad and lonely
Congrats to of on finishing the today!
Hey man you rock, love the podcast!
So Newt want's to debate the Prez? He'd better be careful in what he asks for.
Thanks for the plug for our show with Robert Cray tomorrow! Always appreciate what you guys do for us!
I like it!
of course it went up, how do you think I paid for my two bentleys.
nice job on temple run. Took you long enough haha
I Have nothing against a #furry it just was like whoa, why are these space marines animals? Ah well, their art was still awesome <3
yo yo hopefully you can follow miseducation of dolla goes classic i get goosebumps jus listenin it has to be hard
awe, poor leprechaun :'( And Florida, U.S. (:
Wonderful teaching awards ceremony and banquet last night. Congrats to and (among others) for their awards.
RT:Happy #ThirstyThursday!Hope everyone's ready for their $1 #bartab drinks to start the weekend early! & #Football is on!
concert was craeeeezy......loved it...they really know how to party unfortunately wasnt there but hope you get better soon..
We've been writing some killer new tunes! Cant wait 2 share them with you! Visit our .com & join our mailing list so we can connect with u!
#YouKnowYouBrokeWhen you ask a homeless man for money lol
It isn't cheating if you keep your fingers crossed during sex.
It's not your fault, it's not your fault <3 :3
Happy New Year!
Thank you Antioch University New England for a lovely commencement visit! Off to Oakland.
Man it's way to cold...its fuckin april
Use a shovel instead of a snowblower this winter, not only does it give you a good work out but it is more eco-friendly!
Quit talking to yourself! Jk it's cute when u talk to urself :)
That says troll lol lol etc. Ha ha.
Thank you so much for the RT! Have a wonderful evening!
Well yeah! But we already know this.
Cracks me up when people say "OMG, please help me get to 1,000 followers! Only 23 to go!" You know there ain't a prize, right?
In the fitness room at a hotel in Ohio there's a sign above the weight scale that says "use at your own risk".
we shood take one tomorrow
Vinyl party tonight. New Radiohead. New Blackfield. That's a good night.
Man....I am jamming your album on a daily basis. :) I can't wait to see you in Oakland this weekend!
Thank you for following us. We look forward to your tweets too :)
The only thing I want for #Christmas is... a viable Democratic candidate for WI governor's #recall - Too bad says he's out.
I just parked 3 blocks from the Lincoln Room to avoid parking at Horton Plaza. Why does it seem so much easier????
That's was a REAL insult to cv taxpayers!
I'm gonna guess thyme
Thanks, Jon. Sometimes a more careful and considered set of policies produce the best results. I learned that from you!
thinkin it's be nice to work for myself fulltime by the end of this year
And THAT is how you win 9 straight playoff road games.
HoeLies #55: He came over so I can twist his hair.
I'm on the phone with At&t & she just asked me have I ever heard "Lookin Boy" -_____-
TRIPLE D WHERE YOU AT
im off on a journey, a journey of sleep that is.
but if remembered and mastered I think it could be an excellent communications tool.
Lucky for the Giants that wasn't a battle of goatees, because Ryan Vogelsong would have no chance against Todd Helton.
YouTube search result will give option to start playing right at the search term where found in captioned video. Cool.
The Political Hurricane is putting FL HD30 from being a toss up to slightly Democratic.
Today's the day.
Great food! RT The Chicago Bulls take on the Bucks tonight at the UC. Tip off: 7PM. Join us for some pre-game dinner & drinks
I never realized how yummy cinnamon rolls are.
you'd be lucky.
How are those Sharks, Wings and Canucks?
Time to relax, just stuffed myself with some great Spanish food with the fam... Ahh gotta love some good food!!
You're saving the Brewers' report for last aren't you?
!!!!!!! “: Why Do People Make Fanpages Of Irrelevant People?”
I'm getting a workout from dancing in a children's musical.
Yeahh Buddy!Now you got me hype ! im in my chair moving all around ! :) ima be hype looking like this! :D
listening to other peoples trauma makes me shake my head at humanity. It's worse than any horror movie. Today was one of those days
YO WHERE IS IT BOY! IM ABOUT TO BURN DOWN THE FREAKIN WHOLE THING! Sir, Calm Down. You McNuggets are under the napkins...
with the risk of vulgarity, that is what she said.
I want you & all #Marines to roll up your sleeves! MT I am the 99%, and I want to roll my sleeves, dammit!
ITS MY TWITTER ACCOUNT'S ONE YEAR BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!
sounds like fun!
(Two classic Belle & Sebastian records released within a year of each other!)
#tuckercarlson - says the Republican primary is like burning man, but with less nudity because you don't know what will happen. Word!
Current reading material: S-Troupe Year Eight applications.
your twit pic is cray. Like Einstein.
#Mavs will heed Dirk's words: "Shut it down, let's go home..."
Sharp dressed man - ZZ Top
I been voting every week! I hope you win!
RT : Congratulations to Super Bowl XLIV MVP on being named Sportsman of the Year by
No, thank you!
Don't you know, I don't give a number two?
Lyfe Jennings - Let's Stay Together
Prepping for surgery
tweeting from Puerto Montt. I'll pay the extravagant fee on the boat and try from the Chilean Fjords.
have you been drinking? You got Luke Donald winning this week and #1 ? Have you heard about Rory he's pretty good. #PGA #Golf :)
tomorrow night at skullys!
Follow me
Thou shall not worship false Billy Idol's.
essential gamer food groups, fueling an intrepid voyager.
little man's asleep...bout to get this workout in
Ever worked as a bartender, server, chef? Check out - We R creating a new funny series U will love!! Follow us -
Wine mimosas and Sun King bloody mary's Locals Underground tent until 4pm today. Full beer and wine bar also available.
She went to the gym without me..........knowing I wanted to work out.............says I needed sleep..........she's right but fuck that lol
itsbou ya radio thing... u gota emailicanhit u up on?
thank god it's beach time.this weekend. Just realized I resemble casper.
I miss my friend.
Must keep eyes open
RT : We may not be able to control everything that happens in this life, but we certainly have control over how we respond to...
your really pretty.Kbye(:
RT : #MOMeo Tip: Think about the lessons you are teaching your kids. Be that kind of entrepreneur.
Klochebag score: 29-mostly alright. Whatever.
Tons of #World Cup coverage in 1 place USSportspages.com
“It isn’t only the health department anymore talking about the health of our nation... It’s really all of us.” -Sec. Sebelius at
More like displeasure. I wanted to celebrate winning last night and now I have to wait a week. =[ Not fair RuPaul!!!
No way - Kacey rocks the house - she's amazing & first to welcome me here!
all your tweets five words
omg me too! Lol
did you know that all Nowhere Records music is Pod Safe? now you do
GREAT show tonight for opening for Adrenaline Mob. Saw Mike Portnoy backstage on the way in: was checking out Xander's band!
I love all my haters this y I live and stay more stronger today!:)
yes it is!! so damn good!
Christian Leader Criticizes Romney's Remarks on Chen Case - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Thank god for my iPhone
I found myself crying again last night. Whhhhhhyyyyyy?!
"You can tell me that there's nobody else but I feel it, you can tell me that you're home by yourself but I see it. Your love is just a lie"
He got another chance...
It doesn't have to be. We're trying to make it easier. We can pair you with the scholarships you're most likely to win.
Simple Strategy: when you think you have done enough "DO MORE"!
bo on you all!
I said I didn't want Tannehill today. But at this point, I haven't seen a good QB for Miami since I was in middle school. So why not
I'm the only mahomie at my school.
Funny how they are doing "Snapple Chat" as part of America's Got Talent. Seems like a direct copy of the lounge on The Voice
I am well versed in the history of U.S. rioting thanks to Sublime's "April 29, 1992 (Miami)." The more you know!
#ImMadBecause it's the first Monday back from school break and I have a ton of homework blah
The Macbook Pro contest winner has been contacted. We're awaiting response from the person for permission to make their name public.
ONE MORE TIME, LETS TRY ONE MORE TIME<3
austin does to
could be worse, you could be working on a crappy site like yelp!
Be accessible, embed with troops and use records, Dao said. Key document: After Action Reports commanders write after military operations.
I ate too many marshmellows that I may poop white!
@ @ @ @ I am still hoping that this is just a case of a busy #snparent ...
“: Women in technology, don't forget about meet tomorrow at Mara Launchpad Kampala in Wandegeya"
Train.18 year old with grandma.His1st time to NYC.EXCITEMENT.filming the inside of train.hastily trying out all different buttons on...
71% of administrators say they have a better understanding of what’s important to their stakeholders as a result of the
I'm the type to strike it RICH!!!
Dani ughh. Can we talk or sumthin :( like I feel our relationship is destroyed :-[ I wish I cud rewind to the day I kissed u
You know I love you so.
Happy 21st Birthday hope u Have an Awesome Birthdayy
the #comedyawards forgot ND. We won't. Hope to see you next year.
hey Rebecca! We email and post to the account at the start of the Streak every week! Check out www.citystreak.com for detail
GO CELTICS! I have never rooted for the Celtics until this year.
Floats, parade balloons, bands, TV and radio personalities, live animals, and costumed characters including Santa Claus! Nov 21 at 9:30am!
It's darker outside than it was when I got here at 6am
About to put a fence up . . . in the pouring rain. The bunnies must be stopped.
can u dm him for me?
What makes you beautiful is being yourself Niall James Horan you are beautiful don't let anyone tell you wrong! Love you!<3
Wow just found www.texturemate.com -- tons of free textures and stock photos. Yes, all #free!
about to write some witty copy for the new corporate client and i need WAY more stimulation! logging out and back in as
Just emailed you about #SpringTraining! Hope you and Parsons can go! :)
If you have a principal who truly "mixes", the entire school climate changes for the benefit of all, particulary the students.
People get a camera in their face and lose focus!
A full grown man just ran by me crying, like bawling.
Thank you for asking folks to follow me , and !
What trade shows or security events will you be attending this summer?
k boss
": I hate when you blow your nose so much...." Buy cool touch Kleenex - they are ridiculously
What flying birds never glide or soar? ... Answer: Hummingbirds! (Their wings just aren't made for that.)
I'm so down with doing it tomorrow afternoon. What works best for you??
I would not be able to function effectively if not for you
BE MINDFUL OF OTHER PEOPLE FEELINGS
No, I would not like a car wash.
In need of one strong volunteer for this Fri AM for Gallery Show. Literally strong, you are helping w/ equip pickups!
Yay just let me know =]
we want you to have it also.
FDIC zaps 1 bank on Thurs due to Veterans Day on Fri. Failed bank is 23rd from GA to fail in 2011. FL is #2 state w/ 10 fails. Not close.
So far this is not being reported by the BBC.
You here yet Shawn?
When will your next concert be?x
A4 people not inclined to mastery probably confuse an interest with a passion.
Join me Thursday March 8th, 6pm to meet Winemaker, Jeffrey Stambor and taste some great wines!
Kenny Smith with great point about Lou Williams making both FT's. #TNT #NBA should have missed 2nd for chance to win
Round 5 of Below The Influence drops tomorrow!
HA! I'm choosing to blame Twitter & not the app I'm currently using which seems to be well designed.
Lover...not a fighter :-)
11 followers on my 1 day on twitter thx u guys
Hm. Twitter was a little stale this week. Hopefully someone famous will die this weekend.
Great training sessions with right now!
take a day off from goals for the upcoming Royal nuptials - at least you know they'll be in a safe space when you return! www.IamINC.biz
Support is the best feeling
Come to "NEW Menu Launch & Meet/Greet our new Chef Joe Freemond!" Wednesday, April 28 from 5:00 pm to 10:00 pm.
I'm right with you! haha
you are welcome. They were good articles and a good reminder that not every client is a good fit!
Haley shouldve left a long time ago. Her voice HURTS RT J-Lo's face when Haley was announced as being safe over Jacob said it all
RT There goes my diet TT.TT Mom is cooking up a storm!!! Love it! I'm so spoiled!! lol
Thank you for everything! What a wonderful time we had
The fact that George Carlin was the voice of Thomas The Train, makes me hate Thomas a little less.
This is supposedly a nice hotel, but its TVs are way too eager to inform me of the availability of "adult" titles on pay-per-view.
No not yet.
I want pasta.
#stagecoach starting in15 minutes! Where in the FAQs did it say only bikini tops, daisy dukes and boots? These ladies are here to party!
More great people
Doesn't feel like a Friday
which films are you referring to?
fresh carrots???
I think the future argument is clearly the stronger one as well, especially with #Nebraska as an added heavyweight. But...
RT : Dr. Yealy: Today we cared for 7 patients involved. One had surgery, two are released, the remaining patients will be admitted.
might need to take Mizzou over Marquette, with Iona in the picture!
All Sacto. CIF NorCal Championship; v. Sheldon High Sat. 3/17 at Power Balance Pavilion. Who's coming with?
is that from the mahogany collection?
Fuck the struggle
