Put it in the books, 8-0,
Forget starving Africa. Looks like LA could use a lot of sandwiches.
thanks! Me too :)
did u make that? You're adorable!! #excited??
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked. ~ Erich Segal
Keys open doors. And Bricks open windows!!!
May get a sun burn while waiting outside court for Jennifer Hudson
Am I the only one that gets bored when I'm not working?
You're either a very late-night tweeter, or very early.... Or you're stateside again!
I will be there!!! SO looking forward to it!!! :)
First day at the new job today!
Gonna go bike & get my head off things...
‘if u hate them ur jealous of them!’ no i just hate them
The concert tonight was amazing! Always great to see one of your idols performing live. He's one of the few real artists left!
nice. I have yet to play with it.
Ole girl had 5 teeth. 3 in her mouth, 2 in her pocket. Lol
We are proud to announce that Desert BMW of Henderson & Las Vegas were awarded with the prestigious BMW Center of Excellence!
WHERE WERE YOU
My brother is a freaking butt face
AMA is awesome!
We are open and ready to help you get your holiday treats!
True of every restaurant RT : Dinner at Bluestem was great, but I imagine it's even more delightful for meat eaters.
Thanks Tom, I sent out the wrong link. Thanks for the heads up! I appreciate it!
99.9% Of My Brain Contains Victoria Justice Stuff ... The Rest is, Oh Wait, Still <3
I don't even wanna listen to music right now I just hope she calls to fill the silence
Is freezing her bun off (pun intended) at
sounds painful. Eating prunes should help.
Russell Brand giving brilliant testimony before UK Parliament drug policy committee on C-SPAN.
True dat sista. RT life is way too short to drink
nice blessings 2 U :)
Eating grapefruit may indeed impact insulin levels, speed up metabolism and lead to weight loss say researchers
I mean the session u r facilitating later
Still don't believe that 'winking' and 'criticizing' are mutually exclusive.
All I wants for christmas ! Jajajajaja... Maria Careh ! That bitch ...
Imagine periods didn't turn girls into mental cases. Fuck this shit, I hate being a girl.
wings at 8?
Beware the #IdesofMarch! The jaws that bite, the claws that catch! Beware the Jubjub bird, & shun The frumious Bandersnatch! Shkspr/Carroll
Flyers Business Casual today 😃
i got a pair..come get'em
I multitask well.
Now remove all evidence ;) x
: iron sharpens iron, my friend.
thanks! I hope you like it, it is super delicious! :)
Lovely to meet you as well! Here's hoping we see each other again in the near future under less awkward circumstances! :)
Wade juss said "Gimme that Melo!!"
pretty freaking cray. And over Kendrick Perkins, so that's a plus.
Here's to a stellar New Year! Have fun and be safe tonight!
I love how when I post something I think is humorous on facebook, my mother replies with a practical solution to the problem.
Can somebody please buy Kodak,so that the workers can move on with life.
Wishaing I was at the range instead of infront of the computer. I love my new 40, fits like a glove. I'm still working on how light it is.
I used to love flying...
More KOOL-AID is sold the week right before and the week after the 4th of July than any other period during the year
A few months ago I wrote an email script which accidentally emailed every school principal in New Jersey. Twice. Technology: not even once.
Me too!I love I'm her big Fan and I love :) Do you like ?
Ah... it's frustrating....
i think you should do "move like jagger" by maroon 5 and christina
thank you! Now following you back as well :)
Applying For Jobs So I Can Take You Places ✈✈✈ #HappilyTaken 👍👌
Why would you want someone who doesn't love you? You deserve to be adored.
I've got my team working on a good face for me... please stayed turned! It will be worth the wait and #GoMagic today!
Definitely playing a different game this second half against Turkey. The 4 subs made a huge difference.
no -_- it won't happen
that would be such a good show! I just saw Kelly Clatkson a month ago, she was amazing! I need to get a plan together ASAP! Haha.
More play-off games today! Who do you think will win? Steelers or Broncos? Falcons or Giants?
What have I done to make twitter think I ought to be following both (a vampire hunter) and (Russell Brand)?
Here we go. RT : Interesting take for a guy who works for a channel that handicaps fiscal health of businesses.
Tomorrow, Oct. 31 is Halloween in the U.S.! Happy Halloween to all our readers from Latin Beat Magazine!
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 10
I think Ax Men is 90% set up now.
I'm up and not in a very good damn mood because of some asshole.....uuuuggggghhhhhhh....I am going to go get a pedi so I can relax....
Wholesale Pendants Necklaces Gemstone Semi-precious stone- pendants necklaces
....but also, & hopefully I'm not too much of a putz for asking, but I finished cleaning up my script
Change is a sign of life!
Satan gets nervous around most of the Real Housewives.
Who makes eggs and waffles at this time at night? This
he has been off man. I can talk to him Tuesday when he come back
Ugh should not have eaten that third cookie...
cleaned my room , I feel accomplished .
The way to move on is to realize that time keeps going and every moment is a new beginning.
all of them
RT First time in team history two Broncos have been named AFC Special Teams player of the Month. Prater won in Sept.
Just met with This could be the future of marketing. Very cool.
then you shoulda came to Tucson with us!
Awh. I'm sorry.
cheers for that...good result!
Fellow River Dell HS alum! RT : Make sure u join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday today. Follow him at
Love that! You just alleviated a whole ton of food-related guilt. Thank you.
WILD ideas are better than MILD ideas...
Put your important #relationships at the top of your priority list!
Today starts da marriage thang I need a partner
sorry. It was with fam.
If our children are the road to the future, then Leadership is their cement to success. www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com
Nothing, just about to go out with a friend.
Something about sleeping to the rain gives me the best sleep n even better if it's not alone Ha for real love the rain
We are discussing the merrits of home insulation at oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com Join me there to find out more!
thank you! Thank you for coming in!
It's only after someone is gone do you realize how much you miss them.
I did some things with html... and the things I wanted to happen, happened. Nobody's more surprised than me.
friend told me I should use blender to get the fiber from the juice. Says not eating that is big waste/sad :( #doyou think so?
Will you be in the Lawrenceville area visting family for the holidays? Give us a call for special holiday rates!!!
ha she was funny lol!!
I cheer for the biz. I cheer for 7 games.
We need to start designing shirts for THATCamp
Fuk a slap box fade!
That's a good thing to be influential about. Love me some Jamba Juice.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 86
I have a presentation in the morning that I am pretty amped about.😊😊
Not to be cheap, but $29/mo hosting for just my one site? I'm not running multiple client sites.
I didn't at first but it really grew on me, now I like almost all of his stuff
Academic paper title of the year: "Gur, Ghur, Guhr or Bur? The quest for a metalliferous prime matter in early modern times"
I've thought the Nets for a little bit, because they'll have some cap space and need another big name up there.
Hmm just one flight tomorrow?
I think I'm pretty lucky. Especially since I put you on that cloud last night. I think it is deserved.
it's a tad unfair triage/priority-wise it seems a little unfair, those it hurts will never know
Feeling blessed today to be back on the set of Hawaii 5-0. Should be a fun shoot!
Child, holding toys: "I've got 3 girls and one guy." Me: "That sounds like a good night to me."
Think I will be going to Milwaukee this thursday
See you next year knicks
Not looking like a good day for baseball down here at
Don't have to be at work til 12:30 so I'm going to work out all morning.....
Oh the people I
I wanna be a plus size model
eating lunch with the family...
Loving the fact that I didn't work today because we had a SNOW DAY! Truth is...there was no snow; just ice that melted before 7:00 a.m.! Hah
I knew it haha
Will you run from what you see?
And Jose Valverde ruins Verlander's outstanding start. Wow. Wishing I didn't draft Papa Grande in my fantasy draft now.
Today is wanna them days that make wanna call a ex girlfriend...
MSU Band directed by Reggie Thomas
I'm partial to number 1, myself.
Haha...there's no limit! Well, expect for us. They have to be done by our 5pm news!
lmfao ya ass got knocked tf down!!
Tailgating happens at every game plays there, I see no reason it wouldnt be allowed...
I love my girlfriend :)
As do I. Health care is a strange environment.
I fucking hate this bipolar weather. #freezing >.<
Ok...coffee.
Aaaawww... she's really cute in that dress :))
if nicki minaj deleted her twitter why can't I take the screen name nickiminaj
Figures... I turn on the game in the 13th and it ends. Come on Cubs... Triple play to keep this going!
you are a very strange person
It's a pity that there have been so many loud talkers in this session. #erl12 #curation. Srsly, shush.
how many times have we heard that
great show last night @ turner hall! Can't wait to see u back in the fall with #wreckyourlife tour!
there should be a pull down to let you do that.
Tomorrow is the big day!! #PrettyLittleLiars Halloween Episode!!
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. – John C. Maxwell
I use to think I knew exactly what I wanted but now I don't know anymore.
hi... he is i will say hello x
It's true, she is the best! RT Best haircut of my life. Rinse in North Park. Ask for Shannon.
Time to go support my lil sis in her play @ Tpac!
Just used Google's +1 button to "like" a new blog, Rescuing Reading - worth checking out if your kids use the Lexile system
Guess what? Idgaf
lol xD i'll admit in the beginning i thought Faye was a little crazy but she grew on me as the show progressed :)
A huge thank you to all of you swappers who came out to Vintage Uptown today! We had a blast!! And and Cloud Candi too!
American version of Top Gear is pathetic. Kind of like the US version of girl with the dragon tattoo.
he gave me a high five And autographed my poster and said he liked my shirt (it had him on it) !!
Stunner of a day! Hope your all enjoying!!!!
Sometimes you just got to sit back, put your headphones on, and just chill. Life gets busy, but music is always there.
Anyone looking for MTN's or Looking to get into a P? call 503-437-8559
I love ma baby yep yep I love u boy!!
The shoes!!!!
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid. And if you could do it better than me, then you do it. -Kanye West
I'm really into Han Noodle on Monroe Ave lately, especially the crab rangoons and anything with beef in it has a great flavor.
Great news for Arne Sorenson is a real leader. Congratulations!
We'll have to catch up sometime. Lots happening! ;)
My son is going 2join me on his first away "biz" trip:
What L.A. history topics do you want us to explore next in our weekly series for ?
But there's still so much available for me, and the digital collection is still growing :)
we're entering St. George now lol
Would love to but hitting fundraiser for close friend. Have fun while you're in town!
where at??!
Its Spring break and i aint got nun to do on this green earth man i wanna go to the resiviore or the sand dunes somethin cuz im :o so bored
I DON'T WANT TO EVER THINK IT'S COOL TO HAV ME ON HOLD FOR MORE THAN 10 SECS
is this 's panel, or another?
Whats up new followers! Talk to us!!! (^_^)
Miley Cyrus is my idol! I dont care if she makes a million mistakes, everyone does. Selena is just a famewhore.
global economy
The Cast of #ThinkLikeAMan is on CAU campus right now!
#Packers fans watching the #SeniorBowl should pay attention to Vinny Curry and Shea McClellin. Both could be options in the
OK. Those are good treats. Hope the kidlettes enjoy them.
He should come to my school. Kidding, but still. It's so true though.
Sometimes you will go through so much just to get disappointed in the end.
Every family was to be furnished with a homestead allowance of not less than one-third the average family wealth of the country.
Next weekend is Memorial Day weekend. Are you going out of town, or making it a staycation?
I just walked up Denny Hill from Seattle Center to 15th. I am clearly insane. And sweaty.
Another gameday, another W. Let's keep it rollin boys
i know abit about that 2 i went to school on 63rd and black stone
happy easter and everyone else!
So glad he's there to makeme smile<3
Sharing information at the Masonic Home in Union City. The residence have wonderful stories to tell.
I been stuck on that for the longest
Everyone please go and follow and check out the site and make some orders for the upcoming season :D
Wow! What school is Loyd from Abby?
Why You Gotta Be Such A Dick ?
Waiting for KD vs Black Mamba game to cum on they my two favorite players!!!!
Omg I feel like a zombie. What a long weekend
you're in like, 7th/8th grade. stop saying you're forever alone
laying around in need of sex
fly me to the moon
Having a hard time knocking out so ill work extra hours! Dedication!!
hahaha I'd eat that shit up we should go 4 at bats a piece that would be fun I haven't played baseball in a while
Tired if it. Something's gotta give.
no problem, my niece plays for GC and we are back in GC watching you online!!
weird how little outrage there is over injustice to an American compared to the Kony campaign.someone call Bieber.
Jus pretend whoever im fighting is someone in life I dont like.... AND POW! Knock that motherfucker out!
awesome!! It gets better every season
I mean that works too, but I just thought the avengers was so good we should see it for the second time ! #yeah?
Only you can take the widows cry and cause her heart to sing.
It's always easier to get out of bed when it's sunny!
<3 RT Happy Birthday to my new friend and you're the best because said so!
Made the 1:10 train out of Franconia-Springfield, thanks to mad dash through station. Me & crochet bag, must have been a sight.
looking for some good coupons? Check out this website: www.Groupon.com/San-Diego they post awesome coupons on a daily basis!
Nastasia, let it go. Its just a cake.
I am so exhausted. Bleh. -K
Early Bird tickets going fast at $35.00. Don't be the one to miss out on your early bird tickets to the hottest concert in El Paso TX, REIK
So thankful for everyone's attendance at our first race yesterday! It was the muddiest race we've seen in a long time - and so much fun!
#TheRock wins again. (:
when is coming out??
good luck! :)
I've never seen this where they sweep and then squeegee the water off the tarp. Strangely entertaining.
wasn't aware we had skipped 90 years that quickly
While packing my backpack for the first day of school, I've come to realize that I didn't buy any notebooks. Heres to a great semester!
Good question. All have strengths. RT : Who do you trust with your photos, docs, etc.? Microsoft, Google, Dropbox, Mozy, Carbonite?
Today when someone drops something try shouting "Jenga"
AS i KILL ALL PLAYS.
The UK has spent over $135 million on translation services in the last 3 years.
. is working on a vision of the library as a place to make things and do things
Most teens get pregnant at 4pm when they get home from school, says William Greenwald
i want to go to this.
This game is getting old pretty quick
my kitty
its a grocery store
When you're stone-cold-sober, guess what drunk people are? Super hilarious!
RT ♥ "Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise." ~ Sigmund Freud
Finishing up the last of The Brice Frillici project!
sure thing. YOU MUST ;D haha xx
Follow us on and I Promise we're active again! Looking for new followers to chat with!
Thanks for joining us y'day & thanks for picking up the Betty's Bettie's calendar. We like Xmas your way!
how r u
Really i think I like who I'm becoming. There's times where I do it just do it like it's nothing.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Having tons of contacts is starting to work great in this racing world!!
Brand new video http:/Youtu.be/OzqY5u1H2tU
Once upon a time I looked up to you, but today I realize that you're as tied up in rhetorical bashing as everyone.
a couple on my block got a lab puppy some time ago. He was tiny at first, didn't see them for a while, then he was huge!
Best Year Ever!
Love AirYell. Thank you all for your continued support. FYI - We are a sister company to Yellow Pages Directory, LLC. Please share it
oh ok. Mine doesn't let me update it anymore :/
Studio Today. Im too hype
Listen in NOW and share your thoughts about what you consider to be the most significant problems, needs or interests in the community.
Luggage arrived at 4:30 am. What are you thinking, American Airlines? People need to sleep after traveling all day.
Open Mic tonight.
Some1 send me that yelling Bosh/Ostrich/Emu pic please
Exactly. And they treated me like it was MY fault and I was an idiot for being upset about it. Not at all accommodating.
Loved HUGO in 3D! Now I want to get the book....
Hey did u go to skool ? 0.o
you so handsome dice
if you dig Pak Chan-wook's Oldboy, you gotta see the 2 others in his revenge series-Sympathy for Lady Vengeance & Thirst
Gym! Sleep when you retire!!
i.e. missing Wavves
can't wait to come back home..... school just kills me.
lmaoo u caught me haha, I'm scared everybody sleeping, I heard something fall in the other room haha
cant sleep (:
When I tweet about Kobe, I always get a random person telling me to "get a ring" as if they were with Kobe shootin' in the gym. *Ross grunt*
Diablo's Cookers will be at Skol Casbar on March 17th selling $20 wristbands for the Strawberry Festival in May. 1701 Webster St, Hou 77003.
good recommendation! that's where i went. thanks! i don't think they have outlets though. ha.
": To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. –Confucius via "
“: happy mother's day to you too!!!!!!”thank you Love!
Are there any karaoke songs about zucchini?
what ever happend to Disco Stu
Only in NYC: eleven year old boys singing the praises of high-end macarons.
good to know
Happy Friday!
Wanna ride in a limo with #TFC and a bunch of liquor.
So 'discreetly', he basically told me he likes me, but i'm too young. Fmllllllllllllllllll
If a dog's prayers were answered, bones would rain from the sky. —Proverb
no day at the beach in Central fla. 400 plus stung by jellyfish over holiday weekend
Very happy that I went to , loved the session on shaping the future of the Baltimore arts scene. More international artists!
im in panama city beach just got my belly button peirced and went sky coasting lol it was amazing!!!!!! <3
Oh really? A budding flosser? Shoot an email and she'll invite you.
RT : Spring-cleaning Tips: Spring cleaning is a seasonal tradition that can give your home a boost as you gear up for......
My wife says: "we're having corn on the cobb so that Randall will get a TD." I think we are having corn every game. Great return.
made my day today ! (:
oh sorry 
VERY Early Clark County (Las Vegas), NV. numbers Sharron Angle 48% -- Harry Reid 40%
": Picking up a cake from My new found treasure :)". Thanks Brittany! ...our New favorite follower :-)
Guardsman event tonite. Poor decisions will be made.
I was bad. Very bad. All the Doctor Who/Torchwood dolls yesterday and an Ellowyne and Mallymkun the Mouse.
Yeah what he said RT : LETS FUCKING GO
Gamecast is now awarding 8 hits for every actual hit lol
I'd get it If people were mad about the lack diversity on the executive level of businesses as opposed to the cast of "Girls"#really?
Happy 18th birthday , your finally legal :D
what date u back?
Putting them in the bag
yup...same thing at the urinals...no guy sits next to each other or stands directly next to another at the urinal
Good morning everyone
I can;t find it o3o
today is my 18th birthday ya
Happy Easter! All branches will be closed on Sunday.
nothing u
They say the truth hurts...I guess I was never told the truth
Thanks for the follow! Good luck with the two kiddos today!
thanks...so glad we can follow each other online...this is fun!
WV Northern CC sponsors electronic drop-off - State Journal
the worst version too RT : It means she's tease playing a mental version of Just The Tip.
Yes! I finally got the kids I'm babysitting to sleep! (:
I've yet to get into the #instagram craze...what's going on?
I met Mitt Romney at the Vancouver Olympics. I joked with him about his Schwarzenegger prank call. He laughed.
But now, I think I got it. It came to me while I was listening to the last track on the album and it had that ka-thunk feeling.
the only source of caffeine my body intook was from soda, and since I gave it up I literally have had no energy.
Apparently ridiculous hair and clothes are a big part of the future
"Can I get a little help from my friends?"...I feel as though this is the song Romney sings alone to his copy of Forbes magazine...
I'm doing good baby hru? RT I got u boo.. hru?
it was creepy at church without you because of my stalker!!
Yeah, you're cool because you party with 12 year olds.
Laying here listening to my music just in that mood
haha yeah, we didn't have school today
FFB First Financial Bank has a fabulous credit card with 9.99% interest. See me if you want to get rid of your high interest rate cards.
Getting ready to do more Juju music videos with the guys from Flatland Productions! !!!
5 Minutes Time-lapse TITANIC 3D Drawing - rose art paper
and I am all over that Vegan Orange Mocha <3 Made Vegan Spaghetti and soyballs last night and the boys didn't even know :)
miss me yet?? By next friday you're going to be in full denial!
it ain't easy being cheesy
Hold on to your shorts! We come back on the 31st and have a contest in the works.
I wanna fly to Paris..... who wanna come.... we fly free
A sad state of affairs lady. Get in here. RT : both! It's been too pizza-less 'round here
Thanks so much for the painting RT Stefan, you're awesome! Have a great weekend.
you were amazing last night benefit. Mentees couldn't believe it was really you sitting there. THANK YOU!!!!
I wanna go to spencer's and get me a shirt...
flip flops were a bad idea today, my feet are cold
The Weibo post was there when I checked last night; it's gone now.
Oh ok i was wondering RT : I think it was a mistake
Somehow you left me neglected.
Switch Paps out now we may still win!
We love you and are all routing for you in Connecticut!!! Congrats Again, guess it's becoming routine now...
Jill Grogg on negotiation: If you don't have much to lose, you can leverage like Archimedes.
hey babe...was up
1st: student presentation on economics of "A League of Their Own": baseball as a public good: non-excludable, non-rivalrous.
Just Give Him the Whale!:20 Ways to Use Fascinations Areas of Expertise and Strengths to Support Students with Autism by Kluth and Schwarz
nice job next to the
it's like my body knows i have a massage tomorrow - and that's why it's all sore tonight.
Ohh i love sixth hour(: science &social studies homework :/ then xbox maybe? <FixMyHeart;*>
He's awesome and I'm glad Cory is getting some International appeal.
thanks for RT my friend!! Your post today made me blush.
Btw that 37k on temple run was my 5 yr old sister messing with my moms phone and she hit tweet..
$2 dollar tuesday! Oops late tweet. Those darn bridges have perfect timing! Actually just need to get up earlier
How are black churches on MLK doing good things in your community? What can they do for the community?
moderation/balance is key! I'll do another show but not anytime soon. I threw up all day Sunday & had a migraine for 2 days
this would only be amusing if i was studying for finals and not already graduated.
A toast for the douchebags
Westchester is the county just north of New York City. I will check out your project. Thanks for sharing and good luck!
you fell for the idol shit so shtthfkp
haha I'm glad you entertain yourself & us in awkward situations xD
Yes, for sure! You're up early huh?
I'm not expecting any delays in the A, S, S, (Shuttles in Time's sq and Bk). I had Mexican last night.
Our debut record: Get Suryayas On. (Nerd alert: Suryaya is "Syriac" in Syriac.)
Technology + human interaction to measure social. IOW, numbers useless w/o interpretation. Both quant and qual.
They said they we needed another social media person and that's what we are working on too...
I'm just not that smart! How are you tweeting at work?? :O
"The worse a person is the less he feels it." ~Seneca
Lakers got their asses whooped last year, and this season is no different. They can't make any kind of a statement.
JAY'S EARING AT 3:00. BRO, OMG. HE LOOKS SO SEXY.
QoTD: "Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. ...
Yeah, sure.
It is nice just having a handful of followers, kind of like having a family :)) On YAA, it's hard to keep up with almost 600 followers.
thank you:)
what's up Trace ? ciroc Vodka and red berry lemonade upon your return... Be safe my friends..
Do I need to break down the etymology of "liberal" to any conservatives who scream about freedom all day and then vote to ban something??
you're welcome, check out our fb too, we're dropping our EP at midnight!
RT Who's this Tim Tebow everyone speaks of ;)
Very cool to hear that former MNSpeaker was among the winners of 2012 MN Book Award. Woot.
Those who care about sex more than anything will never understand the true concept of love.
I have no idea which one is bottom and which is top. I'm scared for both of them.
That's a nice gate, dude.
Tribute to Leslie Nielsen #2: "Well, we had a choice, steak or fish. Yes, yes, I remember, I had lasagna." Airplane, 1980.
We are going online soon and will be shipped anywhere in the US. Be on the look out
Drinking tea with Syl and Rich! Sasha is at her brother's. :(.
Did really just call herself a brat in an email to me? Far from true, but fresh dose of comedic relief to my Monday.
Fuck I missed 11:11, not like my wishes come true anyway
Thank you for thewonderful walk and conversation,and thanks for the sorbet
the fish reach & nab ryan tannehill at #8. delicious fish.
happy #FF everyone lets share the love!
I'm living my life while I still can, not caring about the looks I get. How many times do I have to tell you I don't give a shit?
Curation is the future of the Internet, not just YouTube. With so much info, meaningful, human connections matter. Great keynote,
Don't view fat as an inhibitor to your ideal wellness- it is an invaluable energy store that will fuel you toward reaching your goals!
I get messed up knowing nobody uses Skype or gchat like they used AIM when I was in grade school and Facebook chat when I was in college.
Workin another all nighter! Cant stop this grind!
I guess I should start my homework…
2cloud would beat you.
yeah wussup i heard u looking for a background designer.
which one is bebas?
Best books I read in 2011: Unbroken, These is My Words, Room, Bossypants, Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hunger Games, & Catching Fire. Yours?
Having sex once a week can improve your immune function by 30%.
Lets go bring us a victory!! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin so cool to see in the awesome owner!!!
I love your SONGS!!)
Headed back to Madison after a long day of canvassing for
the plays are wonderful but honestly the food after is a bit over priced and not as good as the restaurants in town.
Are you still in sit?
Kobe getting points from the line. Hehe
wasn't he the lead
lol nigga do what you do and shake some ass for you get kicked tf out !
HAHA El Buki. I totally see that
Uh oh lol ->“:Sounds like Mario's comfort level with the area is one of the final pieces in getting a deal done with Buffalo...”
Thanks Albert :)
Jason stathom is a beast
props to you, cud. love the new sound on #WZRD. can't wait for your next tour #boston!
Math class :D heck yeah! Hahaha? Jk. :P
okay..u coming tonight??...call me..
You should tell Nick to do choreography to "Mercy" by Kanye~~SICK SONG ;)
Live 30 Rock!
: I like my glow-in-the-dark Bellicose Bunny a lot. Long Live The Bunny!!!
need to see on tour this summer.
oh man. Nice.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Today is Wino Wednesday!
go Pats tonight!
thanks man!
And this weekend I am ready to take over Downtown Oakland. :D
: & I are going to the midnight showing in Santa Clara w/my friend & friends but all are welcome!
Cant wait for the #TheOffice and #Parksandrecreation tonight
I've never been so happy to be sick in bed.
Happy Halloween!
Aw crap is it intern time again already?
Had a wonderful weekend of ministry in NY and MA, and looking forward to Thanksgiving. Good to be home. :)
no, you love me to much.
how is it I live in Dallas and got out but not one viewing of Khloe, go to Ny to shop and dine at The Lion and see Kim?
“: Five minutes of communication can save a year's worth of turmoil and misunderstanding.” - well said Jay!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Andy Pitz
You could if we had a store! We are web only and the stock is all in Beacon, NY.
What does this new shift in living alone mean for the future, ? Listen within the hour...and ALOUD 2mrw nite
Heading into my biometrics appointment with Homeland Security. I have no idea what this means.
Happy Leap Day!
I know this would be very hot scene: and !
lol alright I guess i'll be there this fall 😁
Many thanks, my friend.
the one with the jacket ?
I know :( I never pop my fingers though
Still don't understand how the #Clips pulled that one out... I don't even think #CP3 believed it at the end. Great game.
Pride is here! Let's get this party started...
Happy Birthday to my new favorite friend!!! <3
I know some people don't like him personally I liked him a lot
what's up, Wes my friend!!
I know exactly how you feel.
out in limbo.
nice. Any funny protocol you wanna share? lol. We have plenty at my work haha
so excited!!!
cur girl feelin me
Congratulations to the first Anthony Shadid Journalism of Ethics Award given to Steven T. Lovejoy.
Christmas movies and homework all day! Something I love and something I hate.... I guess it kinda balances out.
Hello Hya Def Records i am an artist and I would love to send you my music, I am responding to your message. Thank you:)
Love this new newsletter! The Team Write-ups section is was a very nice Mon morning read! :)
hope you make another song you are talented like china anne you can sing dance and your funky,fresh,&fun! glad to be with you
Who was YOUR Amazing Teacher? Upload a video .com about an Amazing Teacher who changed your life.Thanks for sponsoring!
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. - Anne Frank
I must say, I'm watching Clippers-Grizzlies with some real interest given what + RTed earlier.
When I am spiritually at peace with myself no one can or will bring me down
doing well! Gainfully employed and looking for more clients while organizing material from teens... You? :)
Scrabble is the only game where bad luck makes you feel like a perpetual moron for hours.
is doing it or am I doing it?
so far its great!
Focus on leadership today. Are you leading your company with vision and passion? Who do you need to become to be a leader? Join SBBS today!
I'll be praying for a speedy recovery for your dad.
that's just plain crazy ... but i guess.
hoodie or shirt fam?
Win 1 of 3 copies of Don't Blink by James Patterson audio #books! #Giveaway ends 10/15
lol... U didn't miss much. We would be two broke strippers if that was our profession lol
I Hear Music Concert tickets on sale now at 513.621.ARTS Friday May. 18th,2012.
uh yeah. After i sent you four messages.
Boom goes the Dy-No-Mite! Dang. That's nice.
MISS YOU TOO HONEY BOO BOO!
Damn I hate when I lose money but I kno I'm goin make that back
Or not have relish! Really RT It should be a criminal offense for a WV hot dog joint to run out of sweet tea.
& thanks for the goodluck wishes!
i just need a little time to get my mind right
lol your dad
ayye accept my follow request so i can see that pic
All you tweeps in OKC out tonight, be safe, ......and help us get #BedlamMudRun trending tonight! Retweet if your excited for April 14!
That was some funny stuff right there! And I really mean it - not just saying it because you're awesome. :)
“Being realistic is the most common path to mediocrity.”
Damn it! I got a run in my stocking!
there's times where you're not on my mind that much, & other times where you hella are. you're on my mind at the moment. :o <3 ?
Wrestlemania is gonna be crazy. I can't wait to see it!!!
Exam is like a "D-ck" when its hard everybody gets f-cked
Acnes and Oxys are my all time favorite
The iPhone does not fair well with magnetic forces like external speakers.
carbon fiber hood on your camry? man it must haul ass
Cancer Fact of the Day: Smokers are more than twice as likely to get bladder cancer as nonsmokers.
Hey follow me I'm obsessed with baseball too!!! I'll be there tomorrow nights game!!
Aw yea, I work in sanford at Liz's new store. Idk if you ever worked with her, I lose track haha. And yea, slacking off :)
Back at shop...been running around all day preparing for build!!
has it really been two years already??
Loving ! Got me a fuzzy bush and an egg sandwich since recommended it on
Happy Birthday!
so.... i like pedobear :D
Here we go! ": Enroute to a solid forget! With "
I know, right?
wasn't it a spectacular evening..honoring the hard work of so many wonderful people!!
Classes start tomorrow - I'm considering starting off with Michael Scott's "Four kinds of business" speech from The Office.
Hey there's a leap day this week! Let's leap with a #DCDrinkUp! 6P at We The Pizza on Wednesday!
Surprised my laptop still works, it's been dropped at the floor atleast 4 times now.
Contact us today for all of your legal needs. www.marylandtoplawyers.com
Education is not development i
The next GOP primary could be a turning point just like all the others. Blah blah blah.
All you can eat tacos are goin now. Love mondays
Are you referring to the sparkly granny panties? Not!
people gettin on my nerves today for some reason idk im bout to smack the sh*t out of Ke-ke
This has been a weird week.
better off
China or Taiwan. Probably nowhere, though, since money probably isn't going to just fall into my lap.
You too!
 lmao yeah wanna throw me one?
It's cool. Just go to bed! Duh, nerd.
Had another good workout! Now going to work than training and more gym time!
Where are my illegitimate children when I need them? I want someone to take me out for lunch.
Wanna be the one you run to.
About to do my hair but don't know what style I want
hasn't been on here in awhile. So many social sites, so little time! Ha...
I know, so exciting! RT 1 more exam & we r done
I'm a baseball fan as well
Having someone help you doesn't mean you failed. Just means you're not alone.
Thanks! It's been a fun day so far.
:[ i missed the American Music Awards yesthurday
Oatmeal and black tea<3
Today is a wonderful day.
Do you have any real estate connections in the ATX? I think prop taxes are forcing me to cut the cord :-(
you have to look at who's angry with the comments. I'd be willing to bet most of the public agrees with Harbaugh.
totally agree!
My weakness sexy legs and a firm booty on a lady !!!!
I just PASSED my property management license exam!!!! Woo-hooooooo!!!!!!!
FYI - Teaching Resource Center Workshop at Monroe Hall has been delayed until 10:30 due to the weather
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. - Swami Sivananda
So. I'm going to try a different method of doing this thing.
Wow! Keeps getting worse.
haha ice cube is the original gangster!!! I'll lace up my black converse high tops!!! ;)
shooter family devastated but apparently not responsible? Police still investigating but says nada bout gun access
MT : Sad state of affairs that Jane Addams Hull House in Chicago closed today after 120yrs. Provided social services to the poor
I don't want someone perfect in my life.I just want someone real.
hope you made your wish at 11:11
RT : Pop culture, popcorn, pop art, and even pop. density (blame the Jersey roots) - all good things. Diggin your new name
Love. Ive had an idea for an Italian one for a while now but I just thought of one that I think is the best idea Ive ever had!
panther! panther! panther!
Richard Siskey – Priority One is the ability to listen well and respond effectively… with integrity.
Dont lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.
Space Jam 2 - Coming to theaters Christmas 2012 (possibly)
Real good practice tonight getting ready for fight
As you're wishing folks Happy Easter, remember that tonight is the beginning of Passover. You can add Chag Sameach to your season's greetngs
I want to interview the late Jack LaLanne's wife, Elaine. I want to see how many times I could make her say "My name's Elaine Lalanne"
When I was 18, I wanted to live in Chicago one day. I still kinda do. Their weather during half the year makes me add the "kinda"
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing Saying SWAG after every sentence
But I'm just a girl what do I know?
I'm so there I love Memphis RT : Jacksonville, but she may move to Memphis early next year.
Stephen Hawking cheated. Apparently his wife is so grateful that for once someone else had to listen to his dirty type #tweetthejoke"
So you should be my bf all day :D
New place. New start. It's time.
Still trying to figure out this Twitter thing.
Example: Who's the suck jerk that set the clock at work one hour ahead a week before daylight savings time?
Klinefelter: Library managers should negotiate with vendors to make sure patron #privacy is protected
my little guy will be 8 in a few weeks
Did it! In honor of whiskey Wednesday I mixed 1.5 oz whipper snapper spirit whiskey with 1 oz creme de banana. Yum! What to call it?
It's our favorite day of the week: WHAT THE F%$K WEDNESDAY at !!
just placed the "for my BFF Jeff" sign on my couch. Go win your election.
I LOVE BEING OUTSIDE.
I remember thinking, the world would be better off without me ~Demi Lovato
i hate this weather it i snowing here my car is coverd with snow
Overheard on the Red Line: "Is Thursday the new Friday?"
I feel like a loser.
Polamalu was handed a phone by a doctor of his wife on the line and was fined $10,000.00...........i hate that dude goodell you should too!
Niedecker may have been awesome at condensing, but she never had to write an AWP panel proposal.
: Oh thank God. I was freaking out since Stanley Fish basically said he was going to call me an idiot, in public
You guys r so cool! : #winterhawks game with and free hat night!
You had to guess I was coming with nonsense.
are some kind of awesome.
I'm doing well, I'm off for the next few days
hey do u have any plans for 2night?
yes. Im mad af
JT: I think the Easter Bunny left this egg empty to remind us of Jesus' empty tomb.
i dont know all that entails..but im gonna go ahead and say HYFR
Merchnow ? o: I'm pretty sure they ship all over.
ha, some PEOPLE complain about the limited CHARACTHERS you can use on TWITTER, well try typing in PORTUGUESE, you'll have a HARDER TIME. lol
My experience is that many students are harder on themselves than I would ever be when they self assess.
#Mayweather vs. Pacquiao will it ever happen? Boxing needs this fight. The fight fans need it. Mike Tyson fought all, Ali fought all
Haters gonna hate RT : Yup RT : you'll still never leave the d-league RT : I just met ...
The 10/20 game looks way softer than the 5/5 game tonight at O11. Still, I think I'll just slum it in 2/3 until PLO opens.
The Militant is riding the #ExpoLine at night, just to check out the vibe.
T.G.I.F.! Happy #FollowFriday everyone!
BOGO 50% off on select tops today! We <3 their basic tees in bold colors!
“: Junior Seau dead in suicide, source says. Link to story to come.”
My 3 daughters 9, 6, & almost 1 just got to watch their first 49er playoff game ever! Can only imagine their faces at a live game!!
I peed myself at the thought of my last tweet.
all these politicians use millions upon millions of dollars to campaign and attack each other. why not help the poor/hungry n homeless instd
Can't wait for the weekend
So if I make a Croque Madame with swiss instead of Gruyère roux, is it more of a Croque Travesti?
We hope you all have an amazing weekend wherever you are! Any fun plans?
*sneaks up behind you and flips your Kilt* Woo Hoo!!!
Those were the exact words I was hoping to hear come from ur tenderly chapped lips
navigating the text by its discussion. comments were presented in a TOC type list
Big reason Pacers are trailing: George Hill's inability to prevent penetration from perimeter.
#andersoncooper getting all pissed off about kid with hiv denied admission. This proves he's gay and infected.
i know something you'd love
New alerts today at www.southfloridaalerts.com
i feel the same way about people who claim to do
Thanks Melissa!!
I admit that I'm still amused by the fact that Slender Man is a random monster in Minecraft.
Adam, will be in Boston on May 25. Where are you located in the city? Would love to grab a coffee/tea if you're free.
“: "Never cut what you can untie." -- Joseph Joubert”
Tech Startups speaker? RT : CypherWorx Founder/CEO is my brother Paul. So proud.
I just don't like the idea that women are being presented with this test, but there are no next steps after they find out the results.
Ruben Galvan with San Diego 6 is down this morning promoting the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo event. Check it out now!
please enable the new chat </3
In The Mood To Watch Some Steven Seagal Movies...Out For Justice...Hard
Eating! The. Bros game..
Need new albums on my sound deck... suggestions welcome!
looks like we are gonna give everyone more time to plan, it's gonna be in May after graduation. Everything is booked for SB
#mla12 #442 Jay Clayton presenting on 1st yr writing course using gaming, digital media
Man, I haven't heard one in so long...I figured they had all migrated south
RT : GOIN TO WORK! TOMORROW HOPEFULLY I'LL HAVE TWO MORE JOBS! PRAY FOR ME! NORDSTROMS AND THE AIRPORT #POW~ it aint easy ma.
so happy I found you here. :)
we're trying to get over to see yall crazy cats so very soon. hope everything is well across the pond. thanks for the support!
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants. This, of course, was before Purell, Mr. Brandeis.
Can't even blame you, I mean you was only worth but soo much.
Hope you guys have an awesome weekend relaxing!!
can everyone do me a huge favor??
Your mother is so cute!
was a great sport as we came off field pre-game tonight, posed for pictures and was chatty. Disfruta San Diego
There is no "old Austin" or "new Austin".. Austin is still the same person. He's still the same kid we fell in love with. He just grew up.
Yeah, people usually say they don't care about something when they care too much.
We hear the power's going out in some places. If you don't have electricity, let us know by not replying to this tweet! ;-)
any company is good company for getting on the water, enjoy
...headed back to Atlanta..:-)
My daughter wil be 21 in one hour! I am very proud of her. She is the most fun loving and beautiful person I know! Happy Bday
Back is killen me right now well Ima take a nice hot shower and k.o
Thanks Roxy :) spread the word!
I really wanted to watch #wrestlemania but got back late from lacrosse game just in time to catch #breakoutkings It rocked
uncharted 3 is pretty amazing
I feel like I could sleep for days
In the car with Juan make Baabby Maria n <3
Stick a fork in 94.7 The Wave: it is done.
OH HEY NOW THAT I GOT UE ATTENTION GO FOLLOW KAY(:
yes we need our own and we will b good
Amish outlaws 4pm towson town festival???
White boy swag
In person or on ESPN, I always enjoy the opportunity to listen to Prof. Selig speak about the state of the game.
I think some of Rogue's other ales have fuller flavor. This one just didn't do it for me. Not that it's bad, mind you. ;)
Watching 'Raging Bull' Robert DeNiro is such a f*cking badass.
Okay, go ahead be shady like that..
How Arizona tried to make it illegal to say mean things online
Big shout out to for joining this week and doing so with so much passion and purpose!
“ I'm bout to start taking my self out. All dudes wanna do is smoke & sit in the house ... boring.”
There's one on the Brighton campus too. And one of Sylvia Crawley as well.
wow that sounds fun
Had it with Xcode. It just doesn't measure up to Visual Studio. Going back to TextMate and makefiles.
yes i do :) yea so is ours....President Obama has been here 3-4 times in 3 years. for Vacation at least
Weekend special! Come to AZ Mills in your HALLOWEEN best, we will give you 50% off your insert with purchase of a cover!
- With #jkuglin at #JoplinSchools talking about #twitter and
I feel so much better (:
Oh, I stopped wearing these shoes because the soles have turned to slicks.
Japanese Quince by Seda France candle co = heaven :)
The smell of sunscreen is my favorite.
Blacks are just supposed to clean up messes made by rich white people. But hell, that's what Obama's doing, right?
. says the chants he created were chanted during Lebron's return to Cleveland and heard on the TV broadcast
man the #Mariners load the bases and still couldn't score anybody..
Question: Will the winner of the 4-team playoff be the NCAA champ? Or will the title remain mythical? Cus if the latter, then it's for nada.
People complaining waiting for the El doors to open, sees conductor leave, opens all doors for everyone. Someone hire this guy
Gillaspie whiffs to give Greinke 3 Ks in a row, at least Conor went down swinging, though
time to start trimming back the nosehairs
rn imo. unless you lost my # rip
- holy cow, who messed with your lug nuts?
selling on price is not selling on value. Why is that so hard to understand?
I just had a really nice Americano (does that get capitalized?) at Intelli Broadway.
I thought I was never good enough for you. It turns out you weren't good enough for me.
Eric Cantor is not pleased.
Just woke up.... dreams have been crazy lately.
hahahah wah not bad! yeah he deserves that.
Wat I won't give for all da bad memories ta disappear...
wow, when a person you recommended decides to quit with less than 5 days notice, it kinda sucks.
RT : Gonna be a lot of embarrassed media types when Mitt rejects Portman & picks Allen West. Looking at you
Glad to finally see play tennis today at districts. The kid has game.
Working on the transition of the #UNLVMuseum - we're renovating, changing our mission, and creating participatory experiences.
If you keep being an asshole, I will continue to be a bitch.
When we first spoke I was telling you don't worry, its only another year and a half, you'll survive.
it's not working babes x
Wow, D Rose.
only on the weekends! (again)
OH: "It's beautiful! And if you want to go to the big city, Ocala is just 20 minutes up the highway!" (Ocala, FL population: 54,000)
chose Germany! It's only 1hour away from holland. <3
making me jealous cause you at kings dominion. -__-
She is being such a brat
Looking for writers/lyricists willing to collaborate for choral compositions
": One of the PRETTIEST people I follow is >>>" that's so sweet :-)
Bout to go out again
If you seen the site (nychunt.com) you'll see you can play the hunt from home soon!
Lmfao! I'm sure you don't. :) But next time, tell me hi. 
Ask five economists and you'll get five diverse answers - six if one went to Harvard.
'Real House Wives of Disney.' Lindsay Lohan = Guilty Pleasure :3 Thanks
u watch mnr how was it ?
A week of being on the east coast and I'm still on west coast time
I rather kno then not kno at all!
Come in and celebrate the new year!
I'm fucking scared to sleep
watching nba
All of those choices on the poll of where austin's next concert should be doesn't help me. DO ANOTHER CONCERT IN FL.
1st #writing sprint of many this weekend @ the top of the hr for 60 min. Who's w/ me?
card got denied at the store...naturally I used my last 3 dollars cash to buy a scratch off won $20 ....I guess sometimes luck is on my side
Anybody can say "love you" to anyone, so please add the "I" when you say love you to me, it means so much more
Congress has basically done nothing this year.
Greetings on the Sunday of the Mrryh-Bearing Women!
Wow! A great #tdf this year, thanks to everyone for enduring my tweets and enjoying the race with me! Nice to make new friends, time 2 ride!
It's ON. RT : Now. Let's do some BIDNESS.
I'm only knowledgable about Cereal and Colorado, according to klout.
Yes, we def need you to do what you you!:) we're trying to make this viral! Thanks we'll love u forever
happy Birthday
#TEDxumn loving it today. Great job everyone especially Volunteers & Presenters. Had other things to do but glad I came. Cool dance too!
I understand the single mom side of it... My question is.. what kind of "research" do you do?
Nothin feels beta than gettin what u want...except maybe gettin what u wanted n more¡
marketing ideas for small business
Holiday Help is available www.SendaCake.com and www.PatricksCatering.com Mention this tweet for additional savings...
I'm livid. And the thing I wanted to happen even happened. But this other arc? Honestly, just a slap in the face.
I LOVE YOU! <3333333333333
2nite on cn|2 Sports: Former UofL star Ellis Myles join us to talk about his red-hot Louisville Magic AAU team. 630 & 1030 & On Demand Ch103
Rock on Nadia!!!
The love that I have for the scent of fresh coffee grounds in the morning is incredibly unhealthy.
how would you feel if they added Trent Richardson, KWright, and Alshon Jeffery in draft? It's possible with 4,22,37.
Rock off! Thanks for the mention, as always. ;) xox
S/O to my life
As a reader..I want to open something and feel it just blast the bullshit and numbness off of my life. - Alexander Chee
Making some cash is cool and all but how bout you go get an education and see what real money looks like.
Derrick Rose is the most INTERESTING MAN in the world without a Dos XX.
Maxed out the guestlist!! Hell yeah!!
Long hair and a warm beach... 2 things I desperately want but cannot have right now :(
y hombre no pagan de 9 a 19 pm... margaritas a $ 1 dollar.
Just walked into oaks for free
Thanks for coming by Stephan...which torta was your favorite?
soo I'm stuck on 12..
"Your eyes are blue like the ocean, baby im lost out at sea, did the sun just come out, or did ya smile at me?" :)
I don't want to work 2day :(
or on Sunday? Last time they met won week 13 meeting 38-35
Wow, my #Clips are really tanking this one. I guess the good news is it can't get any worse?
4 games in 17 days, really????
I'm not Cyberbullying you. You said Dudley is hot, I thought it was funny, so I told u so. No need to get all dramatic.
Chocolat in Hillcrest for brunch today was a classic example of we don't give a shit service. Food was okay. Every other part sucked.
waiting for Chris Paul to take over this game
Honestly, I Didn't Ask Her to Follow Me, I Guess I Was Just Lucky. Miranda is So Sweet, I'm Still SO Thankful She Follows Me.
happy Friday backatcha!
Majority of Americans feel gay marriage should be legal. 65% of Dems & 57% of independants. GOP's still living in the1950's
what do you think ok texans signing home town boy Chase kenum
Not Brooks Conrad
Kinda cute! I like the drawstring. What would you be wearing it with?
Yayo is responsible for like 5 of the top 7 worst rap lines.
Great job on the Wix sites!
I love your tweets
Nice! Tell Wendy, Michelle, Missy and Susie I said hello!
Of course! She slept the whole first day at her forever home. She fits in with our other dogs like she's been here forever!
Hello J'aime, Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
maybe im still on the bus
holding the buffalo chicken
dude... Tonight made the brackets uuugleee
#KYDerby138 #derbyonnbc What was ur take on TV coverage? I noticed smaller graphics, horse legs more visible in post parade.
I want to meet someday. This dude is my hero for sure.
YAY! My husband is so excited about the Austin #F1 race. Thanks for posting.
*ROOM4 MORE in #HMCCT ~Hey Did U C SignedUp4 #HelloMornings *We've got a God Group Started! LuvIt! :)
Just went to see Bully at the Drexel. It was a great movie that everyone should see. Please take your kids. We need to change this now!
James and the Giant Vagina
When Holland and Belgium split the belgians got all the good cooks and brewers, the dutch got all the orange dye.
RT : "It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesn’t matter who gets the credit." - Yates
awesome Taryn welcome to the run. Your right it's gonna be a blast. Give a shout out to your team?
lady at the drive thru definitely just spilled lemonade in my car... Would I be wrong for whooping her ass for giggling when saying sorry?
Georgetown won?
Hoy tengo cirujia de muelas. (that's what happens when you have dental surgery the day after spanish class)
Let's go Pacers this is a big game 1 gotta win it.
Rain? Maybe I should stay in Madison.
Well I cant sleep so im watching the VMAs.. :/
#gottadmit I don't get it.
are you coming home?
Photoshoot with went really well, now working on some new songs for the rest of the night!
A great gesture on his part Considering i failed twice lately by bringing back fast food without offering him
Today in 96, the US Senate approved a resolution declaring the state of Kentucky as the “Basketball Capitol of the World.”
in school and got one class left....yay!!!!
bye. No reason to live slash ever visit NYC again
I hear ya sister! I've done it to all my cuts. What's your color?
That just made my day. Oh my gosh !
High School showcase volleyball tournament this weekend at the RVA Convention Center. Boys/Girls HS teams will be there. How about you?
Theyre working on it haha. give them time
Thanks for all the followers! Our goal is to get to our first 500. Know someone that loves museums and technology? Get them to follow us!
": Thanks for keeping Canada pink ! #Giro #weightofanation" Looking like a lock for Cdn Olympic team #Sveinwho?
thanks jeff!
If only. I ate it all myself and while I'm currently regretting this decision, I would do it again in a heartbeat.
#ESPN to look @ Marvin #Harrison issue-read more here-www.USSportspages.com
Agreed! It is different learning than in rural areas - all awesome!
A night where all the rangers lose!!!!!!
haha idk how i was able to send that msg perfectly but it took me a while to put the password in my phone.
Wall Street Journal confirms the Verizon iPhone announcement on Tuesday. I'm buying iPhones for the whole family!!!! Woo hoo!
Charged and ready for another day. - Phone
Poll for #divorced parents from a #familylawattorney: How long was your marriage and what caused the split? DM if you prefer.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun
not much just chilling
ha ha ha ha... dirty, but awesome!
#PSandersto40K !(: follow him
Panoramic cameras are "democratic" as they do not have a dominant perspective - Kenderdine
God Of War 4 Might Be Announced Tomorrow The inevitable fourth installment in the God of War series might be announced on Thursday. Sony
Ethier has improved his temper issues this year but getting tossed over arguing balls and strikes when Kemp is already out
did you get your request in?!
Thank you! RT : Congratulations to STL United Way for a successful campaign. Many people will be helped.
Perfect night for the batting cages. See ya. ⚾
Good luck at the #ABOY2012 awards. Go Fayetteville!!
monkey bars over fire!!!
yea sistah girl. I'm ready to get dowwn with my bad self!
+1 RT : Not doing much to change weak schedule reputation... RT UW AD Alvarez on ND "I'd like to have them scheduled." -
winding down the year here at Nowhere. thanks everyone for a decent go of 2009. especially the bands!
#FF to the students who studied with us this week!
How about Chris Capuano?
Anyone notice the rain outside?
Stop tweeting so much
nothing like a pot lid literally exploding in your hand to put things in perspective
Miller Park
We Go In One Direction <3
Just landed in music city. :D
i literally might have a B right now... smh
A gentleman ALWAYS buttons his coat when he stands and unbuttons it when seated.
Normal people are addicted to drugs and alcohol.. i'm addicted to Twitter and Austin.
I have flown to Islip then taken the train. But there was no shuttle to train so I took a cab. It's not too bad.
if it has frosting go for it...but don't eat the whole thing!
Hello Monday. We are dominating you and #drinkign later.
maybe CNU haha xD then again, Jinyoung might look cute in a dress
I produced ur Merrill Lynch radio, voted ur band 4 a Grammy. Got banjo out now...Love ur music! Now live in ABQ. Best!
yes, it's true. the amazing created a StyleTil.es inspired board…in ai format. hit her up if interested. in the ai file…perv.
I would totally streak the #SOTU if they wouldn't put me away for life afterwards.
Anyone who attended tonights show in Panama City please post pics!! It was a great night thanks to all!
Until tomorrow
What did the media do with Meg Whitman's $140 million, let's hope they used it to create some jobs.
Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu Ray should be an essential part of any movie collection. It looks gorgeous in 1080p
sign me do u want to go steady? Hit me back
Live and in tweet: and
You are so welcome!! I can't believe it, she is a grown dog now and sweet as ever!! It makes me so happy :-)
Elementry school - " Yall hug yet ?" Middle school- " Yall kiss yet ?" High school- " Yall fuck yet ?"
Bonèt just out of the oven. This dessert always reminds me of my years in Piemonte.
": I also wish people wore beige or white underwear with their white pants. #disturbed"
But think of the awesome workout we're all getting.
We have a long way to go to get #babyboomers into the 21st century!
Doing everything we can to put more Audis on the road ;)
happy birthday, doll. Enjoy your special day.
talk with you is like .... pure tranquility...... :3
&& Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same; if you walk away, everyday it will rain.<3
Supe spotted lovely nugget in HubbardCo sheriff dispatch rept: "NEVIS TWP: 14 YR OLD DAUGHTER, WILL NOT GET OUT OF BED TO GO TO SCHOOL."
I pops open a window but there aren't any direct messages in there and I know I have a history of them.
We know it's cold out there but if you're in the neighborhood, stop by for some warm comfort food!
RT Imagine you were flowing with energy and confidence, free of doubt and fear. Shawn Phillips.
Wanna see avengers
Thank you for mention!
Geordie Shore
Every person who has ever emailed me is synced to my iPhone contacts. This is crazy!
it killed me. i so wanted it to be good. i almost walked out
the more I see the #Avengers trailer the more I can't wait to watch it!
John you are awesome.
thanks for the mention!
Fame vs. infamy. Which would you prefer?
Twit twit! Busting headies in the stu
They said that well never make it. Okay I'm not listening. Thats more motivation
That was suppose to be "RT" not "Rat" :)
Aaahahahah gosh I'll miss y'all
Feeding my country side and going to see Brantley Gilbert tonight! Oh, some other guy named Eric Church will be there too...
thanks for the RT, Hannah!
hey u u never called or texted back :( #sad face
Ima be faithful and hold my bae down
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat. ~ Plato
the convo wed, you working out. Thurs night my mom had to be rush to the hosp Dr's found blockage and a blood clot..
Im a little late but Pau Kobe and Sessions did work son
I swear! Sometimes u just can't take people serious so instead I'm goin to take them for what they present themselves to be
your little girl is adorable. She looks like you.
Aww thank u! RT : I am hoping you and all the other "mom's" have a great day. Some deserve it more than others.”
Hey Paula how have u been ?
#Hiddenhouse tonight!!! and I will be dropping hot fire all night!!!!
that is a good one lol RT : Go out to eat with the fam RT : what else shall i do for my 19th birthday?
Have a wonderful birthday you derserve it ;) much love <3
. makes sense. how many mentees move into a sponsorship spot? how often?
": Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Enjoy Friday. Love Saturday. Damn Sunday."
is actively involved making things happen in grant seeking and community fundraising
I can't. I'll end up sleeping the whole day. Lol
sure bro
:) were Hannah & Hope nice to meet you too!!!!
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. -T. S. Eliot
": I hate twitter on Fridays." Twitter hates u on fridays ;)
any of my followers have a old Ipod they wanna sell... I want a 32GB or higher idc how old it as long as it works
ill send to u now... Wanna chat on FB?
RT : #pda2011 - Applying principles of agile software to digital archiving: Saving everything does devalue the precious thing
Packers win it!! woot!!
Rise N Grind
(: thanks i will add ur tweet to the video !!
--- Jill, yes I was hacked. Notifying twitter about it right now.
Things will never be perfect
Top down, windows...down.
Note: Don't smell a banana chip.
i'm really seriously tempted to just toss them and worry about it later.
RT Passing your D.A.R.E test was a big deal.
When your body snaps, crackles and pops!! It may be time to retire from playing basketball!! #lovethis to much to stop!
Taking a mood out on a little dog is unacceptable
A handzinger?? Your verbage is scary, like you know what you're talking about RT I offered John Travolta a handzinger, he said no
For the latest on the secret service allegations watch Cummings with in a few minutes on 8:00 AM EST
Ran into at this morning. Great impromptu social media chat.
thanks- HNY to u as well.
damn i love her to and if that makes me gay i'llsuck a BIG UN
It's official , Torn ACL for Derrick Rose out for the postseason .
All subject matter experts, too MT “ use Twitter to... says - "provide context." Use real-time data to tell stories
ok so it was suppose to say good day :-) stupid phones sometime
Santa can't use coal...outlawed by the EPA. North pole now superfund site.
Looking for golf courses/resorts in U.S. and Canada interested in becoming Prosets dealers. We supply the clubs and software.
Toasting the memory of Dr. Arra Garab, Yeats scholar and truly insightful cat. Sorry to learn of his passing. Cheers.
I love my mahomie followers!! They always make my day <3
omfg u guys i cant
good choice he is my 2nd fav. But I love niall :)
One extra Sounders ticket for the match tonight, anyone interested?
Store Run
Hey could yall help My Home gurl she needs some more followers thx
Be aware that recourse factoring companies make your company liable to pay for any AR invoices that are not entirely paid in full.
where? what do u mean? :)
If there is a way, could you, please, buy one for me too and I'll pay you!
Lesson learned: Accountability...Always Be Accountable.
You have some serious S.W.A.G! FOLLOW ME!<3
I know if you were still in #LasVegas, you'd be there right alongside!
are you serious bro ?
CLIPPERS STILL HAVE LIFE.
so freaking true!
Soo lucky to wake up with my baby and my Honey...<3
Oddly scattered. Anyone up for a 60m work sprint, starting at quarter past the hour?
Thank goodness Joe Biden didn't say he favored unilateral nuclear disarmament
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are butternut squash and white bean. Sugar free lemonade is pineapple coriander.
Headed to the #VMAs with a few of the people who are going to be presenting tonight! Get ready for a great show!(:
I did'nt get much sleep... I think I'll take a nap in a little bit...
When you don't have to remind people about things they said they would do for you. Let's you know they were thinking about you.
Id do anything to be happy again :(
#muemtech breaking news! meeting tomorrow (Aug 25) for MO student ch of ASIST! 1:00 pm in Allan Institute conference room. all r welcome.
good luck ;)
Who's in Vegas?
Inspired by the #digitalhistory workshops at #AHA2012 but needing twice as many hours in the day to put ideas into action!
Uh-oh...tomorrow's not a rant day, is it?
spent the afternoon printing a miniature linocut of a pair of scissors
I gotcha, dm yo email and ill put you in the queue
Expectations are achievable goals you set for yourself. It's about the process, not the result. Functional process = desired results.
13 minutes and less than $8,000 to go to reach $1.5 million. Let's go giveBIGGERS, make this happen!
and i told you to be kind
Puleeez, what love handle's??
"Lose the team" is tricky because there are very few players who have been ON the team more than 1 season
Today is Friday. I can tell because the Education Department is running in circles getting ready for tomorrow's Hindenburg program!
lol. These characters unfortunately do much more than that.
where you at
can i just marry zac efron? please?
Working on final master of the first single from the upcoming release of Jericho! The New Dawn is almost here!!!
Kindle Fire looks great. Does there really need to be 6 different types of Kindles though?
Getting ready for 's release party! Who's going? :)
After school its shoveling time!
Twitter won't let me change my icon!!!! CURSES!
Am I crazy or does it seem like Twitter and Instagram are used more than Facebook now?
Archiving is hard! Let's go shopping! Finally figured out how to send compressed data from the client to the server via AJAX.
Of course , im coming over !
There are no exceptions to the concept of grace. ALL of us don't deserve it, but God gives it freely...that's the beauty of it.
OH dear... looks like it connected it backwards. Oh well. I guess I figured that one out.
I know! Like I'd ever go to the yellow rose :-)
lol it's cute. And when?
Lady Gaga deemed too racy for Indonesia, denied permit to perform
I wish iPhone screens went more dim than they do
I do. What can I say? His excellent staff swept me away. In a hurry for it?
Dry your laundry and stop giving ppl. this BULL like it's hospitable, and invest in some white towels too, I can't even see if this is clean
Who has listened to Justin Bieber 's new single? Thoughts?
Official done with Winter Quarter. Of; that was a rough one.
the betamax version was out 4 months ago!
Doppleganger Dirge has us lost in Boston. Awesome!
can't believe how busy school has been keeping me. I haven't been on twitter in forever
how about utilizing tebow as a running back.. we could use one of those
Well their CEO did say "“We believe that BlackBerry cannot be a success"
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
ILL BRING A CAMERA!!!!
happy mothers day dudes.
I was mad the #hangoutlineup wasn't up yet I said I wasn't going to go. Now that I've seen it & really really wanna go!
: is not impressed by those... The style of the Daily News Learjet blows everything else away!
The only thing a guy should want to change out a girl is her last name.<3
I just wanted a few minutes to talk... And i didnt even get a goodnight.. Today officially just fucking sucked
right ..with rhinestones .
I'm wondering if that song played was an actual song they coming out with ;P
Omg they're finally about to race.
Being the way that you are is enough ❤
Go home :) You probably got wet when I went to your house.
feel better :(
I get A-1 Everything....
: #WomenBuild Volunteers NEEDED!
How did I just now see Hancock? That was actually pretty fun.
upgrading sound gear soon. after #TCIE is over though. then i can really use it
Do you get an error message? Does the Camrecorder.exe process close down completely from task manager?
Going swimming.. :)
fanny pak, you need to go, you had your chance
meh. Their loss. Also: they make mid-afternoon espn programming appointment television. Think of that what you will.
OMG y'all stay up late lol
RT : Nobody makes a greater mistake than he who does nothing because he only can do little. -Edmund Burke
Startin Fresh On Da Twitter Game. Chillin, Recorded 2 New Trackz With and Working On One With Plus Da 2 Solos
I'm still out people ... What can I get into hit me up
Blewett is the only one I know something about. One is a Coggs and I've been paying some attention to Chevy Johnson on Twitter.
it should work fine, the full tracks are on there. It's probably the Berks connection
i'm kinda i feel ya right now you keep me standin tight now the feelin gettin strong now it's gettin hard to fight now
of course I do.
I'm really dreading my walk home in the cold rain today. Not cool, universe.
Sorry! We'll put in a work order right now.
