seriously you guys PC shopping is really weird
I need to get to sleep. But im totally wide awake. Humph.
So nice out
I'm reviewing final assets for a website, deciding on a list of brand names for a start up and shooting over the weekend. Overloaded!!!
Listening to on the morning show...you don't knw like I knw, what the Lord has done for me..so true,
thank you man...that's what I thought too. If I get the 1st I'm strongly considering picking Rodgers.
My family is fascinated by Titanic story. It's been requested that I wake them at 2:20 am to listen to the last song played.
DM'ed me
Im glad i have back as a friend
Are you paying more for changing the neck label
The whole car strapped n i aint talkin seat belts
RT : humidity>Heat
Blessed to see another day
Mizoo just blew up my bracket... :(
I dont know about you, but I want to be free.
Start the day off with a good book and some cigarettes... This is a new day for me.
Ya 2day is gona be a HOT day ;)
you kno how I do
did you get it cause I erased it :P
And I thank god I finally found you.
it has become fashionable to provide feedback by default, but providing user inline opt-out
haha they will cut him soon enough
I totally just watched Infernal Affairs 2 & 3 back to back. There goes my Sunday.
Thank you for the update.
i love my parents
Watching alvin and the chipmunks with (:
These are the nights I wish I had you to talk to...
Big girls don't cry
And there you are!
So Shadow Complex is worthy? RE5 blows. Wii Sports Resort rules (borrowing from friend).
Haha yeah, why do you ask? Did you see my sweet Quidditch link today?
Right. Have to find some indigo sox to mirror the boys...Ha.
"Two can keep a secret, if one of them is dead." Just started watching Pretty Little Liars for the first time.
thanks for bringing this up!
I hope that isn't how his career ends.
Thanks for the RT!
Even if Three Cups of Tea is in fact a sham, it makes you want to DO something. So...there's that!
sounds like my dog. What breed is yours?
The Beard is eternally nameless.
is gonna kill me tomorrow. So I'll sing a melody and hope to god she's listening, sleeping softly while I sing. #MaydayParade <3
Great idea from #bcs2012 - publish a "blooper reel" of unfinished posts/thoughts on your blog and ask for feedback.
RT : The new book is in & on our front table. Feel free to flip through it disinterestedly, you jaded louts.
Jumping on the bike and headed to Bradley Center to give The Black Keys fans rides after the show. Call us 414-272-RIDE.
hugs!!!!! Can't wait to see you!
What? I was there a hour ago.
later gator
I love anything handmade and one-of-kind... #craft fairs, vintage, estate sales, all that good stuff.
I know it is hotter than the hubs of heck out there, but it sure is nice in the shade on the cow patio! Git on down here now! Giddy Up!
Now that's a real voice Taylor Swift.
PLAYOFFS BABE!!!!!!!
Ultra this weekend. Miami traffic to the beach
If you haven't had a chance to listen to the Turnpike Troubadours newest album, Goodbye Normal Street, check it out. It's beautiful
watching the hunger games over and over and over and over again. its so fun :D
At applebees with
Spreading lies about me
anytime buddy :-) I'm always here if ya need me
um these note cards...?
What's the skinny on the official (or not) #KAConnect 2011 pre-func? If there isn't one, there's about to be. Anybody in?
haha don't you love how that happens sometimes
David West = Thug
aww I miss my bug!
We're (Ross Stores) seeking Store Mgmt in the following locations: Texarkana, Bossier City, Abilene, Amarillo and Tulsa apply online Today!
:[ *fingers crossed!!*
I knw your a cowboys fan. What's your thoughts on peyton to the boys?
technically you drove up. And as a former IH resident. We have art? I thought it was just about stocks and the republican party?!
how much is the mt dew vodka/is it good?
YEAH NICKY J!
Congratulations to Art Monk of White Plains HS (NY) on making College Football Hall of Fame
Oooohhh...there's some brutal signs out there in the crowd. "BenedicT ArNold ReTurns".....
One of our greatest soul treasures, Teddy Pendergrass, dead at 59. RIP.
What does Thursday morning look like for you? I think we need to steal Amber for a coffee date :)
neither are I and math and accounting, they can all get outta here!
yal are dumb
If marketing is the vehicle that drives your sales, professional photography is the shiny new coat of red paint that gets it noticed!
It's March. We were supposed to close on our house this month, but I don't think it's going to happen. blah. "Short sale" is a misnomer.
great meeting you at #MingleBellsSD!
here's the deal if u have blonde hair & u color it darker u know u STILL hV 2 treat ur hair as BLONDE if not u will look like a SKENT CAT!
Hey, Little Ant by Phillip Hoose: To step on or not to step on...that is the question!
Are you saying Mariano Rivera was not a clutch player? I think he was as clutch as anybody -ever! :i meant 2001 world series game 7
Merry Christmas to all our fans! We hope you all have a wonderful time with your loved ones!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~David Brinkley
There's part of me that thinks it is a perfect Christmas gift.
Super windy in Mukilteo tonight.
twitter+facebook+youtube=youtwitface.com
exactly! I don't have the stomach for most of it! *gag*
Finally got a kiss! Thanks, Hershey's.
Come find us tomorrow at the 2012 DC Addy Awards! A dozen or so Pappasites will be attending to revel in yet another year of great work.
And be kind one to another,tenderhearted, forgiving one another.- Ephesians 4:32
“An academy award watching actor.”
Getting banned from mcdonalds for coning.
WE HUSLIN HARD OVER HERE ...B.H.P NEW MIXTAPE >>>HUSLIN N ORDER vol. 1
RT : Laying n bed, chill'n n watching Martin ☺<<<
yes im soaked! Sprinting home to blow dry my hair.
good call
What am I chopped liver?
its funny that in many rooms in this house you can play spot the nutella jar.
Can I get a normal sleep pattern!?!? That would be great.
not to encourage skipping class, but maybe you should skip class. (This tweet will self destruct in 3...2...1...)
Oh what's T.J. Say! Hey hey hey whats TJ say
I'm raging with my story about voter ID!
im allergic to cats.. yet i have one
I love you Tosh!
Yesterday's tweet about family math night had the right date but wrong day. Sorry about that. Today is the right day!
Three teenagers killed in a suspected drunk driving crash. We have reaction from friends in Northern New Mexico. At 10 on KOB.
meant to tell you--I'm giving Bikram a try. Felt like death after the first class but loved yesterday. Your tweets inspire me!
OwO am in love. I think I'm going to need to acquire some money before you get into MKE so I can BUY ALL THE THINGS♡
wats up y dont u hit me up
Napoleon Bonaparte: The human race is governed by its imagination.
The weekend is here... Stay thirsty my friends... TGIF!!!
I literally die every time #KristenWiig stabs the Eiffel Tower in #Bridesmaids! #Toofunny!
agreed on both accounts. I feel like not that many people even watch The Office anymore?
Chest all big n shitt
Even worse was the moment this semester when I was that person.
I'm just going to go ahead and guess that this is not puppy's "Happy Face".
RT If your names Austin *cough* *cough* (;
is in Big Bear, CA for 3 weeks of filming a Starring Role in a Feature Film, with my wife Eileen Prudhont, who has a Supporting role.
Support Newark’s 1st After-School Program for LGBT Youth w/ remarks by Cheryl Clarke, Loretta Weinberg & Cory A. Booker. DM me for details
heck ya!
Saw that earlier, I love it! I must say, MCA has brought out some really amazing tributes.
“: ...technology is not my friend today... :(” OMG... and technology is a vengeful mo'fo...
Agnieszka will perform tonight (Wednesday) from 6-10 pm at Pete Miller's Wheeling (412 N Milwaukee Ave)
OK... 50 years ago!? Are you fucking kidding me!?!? THIS is news? How can anything these people say be credible? For fucks sake!!
Forget RENT-TO-OWN appliances, they need RENT-TO-OWN kids. that way after 30 days if you dont want the little $#!+ head you can return him
what up Bill?
Never heard that
Thanks for the follow back! (:
ROFL...eat more meat...ROFL...
Why does this fool keep trying to hit me on my face with a basketball, I don't even know him at all!
I'm happy we had bff time :-)
Lol, I like your bikini. 😏
It's snowing!
ALMOST passed my writing test
yesterday was great...im sure today will be the same.
Check out At www.whoistrillogy.com Listen up n Polo Everything like ya boys Listen up n Learn!
tell the boy happy birthday from me 🎉🎁💜💜
il check it out tonite
RT : ": whats your prediction for the Bears/Lions game??" Turnovers. Not pastry.
I was able to get a nap in after work today
OMG ! I've just received a huge basket of pink/purple summer flowers with a box of choccys, there was no card ? an anonymous sender ?
Sore throats stink...really don't want a cold right now!
Been a Asst. Mgr. for 6 years and i'm ready to ball out!! Let's run it Nate!! Help a brother get it in!!!
lol i hear u but i think ima cum back down dere for a few days around the 1st so shit be on the lookout 4 the silver bullet
Not our friend on Facebook? You should be! Follow us to get exciting updates about what's going on next week. You could be a winner!
however..sometimes the selection isn't quite the same nor are the prices but I try to support everyone
ughh. So sorry to here layoffs may be coming.
listening to your music right now on SoundCloud
Can't sleep smoking one watching 70s show
The Duck Song! 
i don't know if they can. i mean this 16 yo kid is the cause of all the problems in the city
and sexy is just part of it, slut shaming and judging is what leads to problems.
They do slightly. If everyone just started following me, I'd probably feel pretty good about the whole thing.
I grew up in Gov't Housing, medicaid & went to food pantries. As an ADULT, I'm a productive member of society. I PAY taxes. I'M NOT A LEECH!
I have redefined "spring cleaning" by putting 2/3 of my belongings in storage today. Welcome back to #NYC apts and
let's do it tomorrow before class
Thanks! for the #FF love!
my dog just ate my whole breakfast.
This time next week I'll be home... I'm happy but I'm sad too
My little predator friend is back, like clockwork, just before the sun sets. He watches me. Maybe he knows that I'm glad he's here.
Your the best Javar :)
is it Busy?
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in "Precious"
Hey coffee-hounds, feeling oppressed by Starbucks? Large cup at Subway is $1.31.
omg finally another man who's on my level.
happy Sunday guys.
After a week away from home, I drove back from Minneapolis after the exam... and headed straight to the office.
Sunday funday with and Alex!
I know when is online cos my whole page fills up!
Our breakfast buffet is staying open until 2pm on Sunday the 31st due to the #Cardinals vs. #Cubs games.
Just did week 3, day 1 of #c25k with !
Time is precious...Every moment is a gift. -Camille Rodriquez
“: There is a standard. Its cool if you don't live by one. It doesN't stop "The Standard" from existing.” <<< preach brother 🙌
My dad and I bond via Storage Wars. YUP
what a bully >.>
I'll get your blood pumping, call me cardiac.
Thank you! Good to have the little man back home with us. If I can just kick that pesky habit of sleeping, it'll be all good.
On second thought, UK should probably do that
I've been trying..
#primFTISLANDNYC Come come come come come to New York please!
Let's go G-Men!
It's quite frightening to most ppl, the idea that we take them out of the mainstream, out of the norm. But once you do ...
Sto-Rox High School's #Anti_Bullying_Association presents a skit on bullying and its effects -
Noah's double-double sinks Pacers
wonders if March Madness will live up to the hype.
i need to go to sleep, but im not
Living young and wild and free :)
What in the twitter-tarnation is that?????
😊okay then boy me and yur momma gonna tag team yu
Agreed... RT: : Just saw the Avengers. Perfect.
Tonight: Santa Fe. Not sure when we go on, how much the cover is, or much else. Just show up and we'll sort it out.
Lol don't think I've ever used that word. But don't worry, ur secret is safe with me! Have an awesome day!
Econ prof keeps using corn on the cob as an example of elastic demand in video lectures. Is it summertime yet?
Don't recall having a better momo yakitori than the one I tasted at Ippuku yesterday. Happy hour special is half price Shochu by the glass
Happy to talk about our approach, Jeremy. RT : I must be missing something as I don't see the wave of criticism yet.
I called and gave him the message. He's in line purchasing a new phone, he said ok.
If i get tagged in another sneaker picture on facebook i swear😡
Awesome opening Night!
we are closed today for #PresidentsDay. We will open at normal hours tomorrow! Enjoy your day
“: WI added 23,321 jobs in 2011 (57,221 more than estimates suggested). Haha the math skills of a college dropout.
next Friday works for me!!
Butterflies butterflies in the air.. Am I the only one who doesnt care? lol.
happy morning out to the thanks for the tip Chris! have a great one!
I watched all of these movies like 5 times each I'm tired of watching these shits Frfr -_-
The one and only person I want to talk to, I can't.
for dad at work or play jcwesternwear.com has it all. shop in stores or on line
Well, that sucks.
its to late...the damage has been done already!
Average number of query terms in #europeana is 1,86, so much lower than in web search engines
Who is going to the Grand Opening of Static tomorrow night?
why?! your not gunna give up on guys cause then if u do, u were never gay in the first place..so you mean relationships? maybe?
Okay, last year I booked airfare to Buffalo, Ny for $250 round trip, this year $250 from a hub airport 5hrs away To go in July, it's $550
Everything is going Denver's way.
#AWD members reminder: Computer Lab in Holmes today for first round of peer review work!
RT : Firing librarians because everything is online = firing accountants bc everyone has a calculator on desk.
Thx for the feature on your daily!
Bumbling superhero Tick = funny. Tick crawling up your leg when you already have flu-like symptoms = unfunny.
Maxwell: talking about recent research on the impact of increased openness.
Loving the mild weather on Nantucket! Waiting for the ferry back to Hyannis.
'Do you even know what a mobo? How did you do on your Acronyms test? Did you get RTFM?'
your comparing lawson to billups?!. PLEASE!!!
That's what our clock says! RT : You know what? There's a very real chance that it's beer time.
How does Human Centipede become the main topic of convo at every family holiday function? Thanks
“: I need more money and more Hoes lol” don't we all.
I did not sign up for December rain!!!! I wonder if it has snowed in Antarctica yet this year...?
O god my bed >>
Why do most job searches fail? www.minorityjobs.net, learn MORE! Julie
At the AALL business meeting. Somehow ended up front row. That doesn't sound as cool as it would for a concert.
rele?? Thts odd.. I dnt think tea is normally used to wake ppl up... Lol
I cant wait til sixflags open im goin on april seventh lol ima b out startin mi summer already ( :
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who talk shit about other girls.
is feeling bright and shiny. Library? Gym? Bar patio?
lol @ this tweet. you try too hard, kid.
Another letter sent to the Hill - over 350 University Presidents signed on. Saving service for the sake of all of the student volunteers
i miss you too lil brah
Go vote for The Goat! www.AustinChronicle.com/BestOf
how are you redeeming it??
Season to Risk 1997 version in effect. Wow. These East Coast kids are pretty good!
Is running on five hours of sleep. I look and feel like a zombie.
I guess you could read Voice of OC during pledge week (sometimes I can pick up KCRW.)
Lol, she's not jaded yet. RT : Apparently my niece asks homeless men why they're napping during the day
how do you know...
Who wears a Clippers shirt to the Dodgers game?
Recalling the time I asked to take a picture of this hot guy at my school, that I had a giant crush on.
I hope they just suspended me! I don't wanna get kicked out!! :/
are u a ny based actress
There are 6.97 billion Peoplee in the world . Why let one ruin your life ? .
thinking isn't my favorite past time(; haha always gets me in trouble
Soup is here! Come by today and try our delicious onion soup served with slices of our freshly baked baguette and butter.
Everyone my new account is
Getting ready for a busy day. 2nd Sat., Folklife, and PrideFest. Wish it was about 20 degrees cooler though!
Guys, is ripping on and I hate it when my best friends fight.
oh alright i was playing black opps on xbox360 right now but now i'm hella bored .
How are you celebrating your Easter Justin? :)
Whats up? Are you going to be joining to on ?
Cashing my checks are always a pain in the ass
The sprinkler guy also removes over grown bushes and even put new sod down for my yard! Could not be happier with his work and price!!!!
Now is here talking about how Colorado is in an unique position, and how Aurora Health Access can help
The boys are in New York and can't wait to play...
one for the money
This sandwich was nasty
#green driving tip: don't use the cruise control, it's less fuel efficient.
thanks for the retweet...
lol well lets hope not
if you want to understand how a system works, steal something from it.
HAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA: "According to , I'm influential to "
It means people who go around acting like they think they're Hot make themselves "ugly" or unappealing to most. :)
MONSTER MANIA TRUCK SHOW TONIGHT & TOMORROW! @ THE LAZY E ARENA IN GUTHRIE! PIT PARTY @ 5:30, SHOW @ 7:30! TICKETS START @ $8!
Ok ...so...another day ..another daughter ...another college visit.I got a daughter that's a blue demon and one that's a mastadon .HELP! \m/
Round table discussions. Holla.
I love when I'm able to take classes that relate back to each other in the same semester. It reall enriches my learning. :)
you can tell a lot about a person by their following to followers ratio
Night night!
hahah ya I think I remember
booking Portland for April 10th!
U should definitely do a work out with me. I will show you some new exercises that will help:).
cuz I took the last one o.O
Maybe if you weren't a jerk people wouldn't see you as the jerk in the situation. You're so selfish and I hate you for it
ha yea shes adorable :) did the security guy let u take a pic wit her? cus he didnt let me :((
wait what?
#RespectJustinAndBeliebers I just respect Justin as an artist and decent beliebers that don't attack me for my opinion. ;D
I got enough swag for ms.jones to be feelin the kid! U better stop showing out on twitter
another rainy day! when will it stop?!
It is my understanding the when Flash 10 comes out, in early 2010, it will run on the Droid.
no problem(: you going out to crawfish festival Friday?
Indeed. RT Big ups 2 him for it.
haha I know not everyone that speaks Spanish is Mexican.
lol at Miami
Try to sing Rebecca Black's FRIDAY : )))
thanks, girl! Ah I know. July for sure.
Greetings to my favorite two nonfictionist men!
The NBA All-Star Game in 2013 expected to be played at the Toyota Center in Houston according to reports.
love that pick!
I have a few VIP Tickets for tonight's Las Olas Wine and Food event.... Who's going? Who want's to go??
Heading to my grandma's viewing and prayer service.
I walk everywhere, but it's hot in Florida in the summer and somethings are far away.
I use something similar, called Lose It. Lots of derby friends use My Fitness Pal
Im boutta go to sleep lol im so tired
Thursday was not a tweetful day imma try again friday...
Is there anything I could do to help with this project Mr. Bedecarre?
When guys get tardies which add up to detentions for a girl!! I'm fine with it but it really adds up
: Any special Labor Day deals on balls this weekend?
awwwuh!Thank you so much for wishing a happy birthday! It means the world to her! We love you guys so much!<3
We would like to thank all of you for your support. It is greatly appreciated!
have been listening to #TurnToYou on repeat. love it so much <3 my mom is a single mom too and i relate a lot to this song (:
I wonder when these writers will have something new or insightful to say.... barely researched and thin. hype about hype
it's all about the flick (;
i hate to see it all hurt so bad.
What's the point of a sponge when everything you wash smells sponge-y?
chilllllin with my dude this mornin
- There was no girls team to play on at her school. Did you know Roger Clemens had a girl on his little league team?
The day before my birthday and things aren't going too well. Things better start looking up for tomorrow.
yum! I just had that for dinner!
New Girl takies every scene to a whole new level of awkward. Every moment lasts a yr, it's like a new age rendition of ode to a grecian urn
what's that supposed to mean?! Lol
I need to get with the program!
God cannot give us happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.- C.S. Lewis
Hey Need to DM you abt something!
Italian girls>
well then fair warning my lady it's going to be censorville all up in your face. Btw cris, check your fb.
Happy hours at La Cofradia monday thru friday from 4:30 till 8,great food,best wines,and amazing drinks at a fair price!!!
Shoot Prep, men's wear in PA. Ro-ad trip.
“: Sometimes, I'd rather be Austin's best friend than his girlfriend.” very true!
We've got a #Makeup for Me! Workshop happening today. Always love a new group of students & our fab instructor
More of our picks in progress: Jazz-4 and Rangers-145
Haha thank so much :) Check out my videos and share with your friends! "Like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
Oh my. Please ask Lacee Collins. I need to know what she thinks.
Who doesn't LOVE a Choosey Chick????
Watching Ernest goes to camp
So can I threaten your existence :-p
A MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO?!?! OHMYGOSHHH
Watching Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. #BeastieBoys, Guns and Roses... Music of my youth. #80s rock rules!
mrs. martin sent an email
There's like no one at work this morning....
R.I.P Whitney Houston
will do...hope to film tomorrow in the rain! Haha
It's 22 degrees in Houston this morning. I moved here for THIS?!
Missed my chance to vote for on #DWTS due to meetings! I hope the rest of Packer Nation hit the phones/web.
title for piece?
I'm not sure how I feel about the cast of Love & Hip Hop ATL, I hope it's successful but tasteful!
Anytime! Just keep rolling out with great products and put solid people behind them!
RIP Whitney Houston
I'm extra regular.
really! lol all I could do was laugh
nice design!
my house could be a walking advertisement for you! love all your products!
Speaking of "pssst": bedtime
REMINDER: meets TONIGHT at , 7pm start. Arrive early, we expect a full house. See you there!
Bet there are plenty of peeps wishing their NYE celebration only included cider and cuties lol Happy New Year to u & the she-teen
long weekends are so great
“: “: Top 25 Labor and Employment Law Blogs. Check this blog
"Love Me In A Special way"
Have you to tried Robbie's HOMEMADE COOKIES & CREAM? You'll go cookoo for it!
yeah hopefully this "yard work is fun" thing is not a novelty that wears off.
Follow Grace Cheesecakes on Facebook. Cheesecake contest going on NOW! Win some pure deliciousness!
i'm taking my man some fry chicken tomorow. Hell yeah cuhhhhzz
“: didnt know they were puckering lol. Im a smiler not a puckerr” u will be!
but my voice sounds so ew, yours is adooorbz.
Bitch ass league
Last night I dreamt the whole world shook violently and caught fire. An old asian lady laughed at me the whole time. What'd you dream about?
Dont reply to boss. RT : gasp. lol good job *pats you on the back*
. is now following me, and I must say I'm pretty pumped!
There is a big difference in nutrient count between produce harvested this morning vs. 3 weeks ago in another time zone.
yeah? you go??
yeap true. if only she pengsan, i can do CPR on her, show off my deep compressions.you'll sing one direction songs! :DD
I love you too negative nancy.!:D
Who dey got Sunday? Sunderland?
Do you think #infographics will be used a lot this election year?
I think I decided on my bday present, now just need to figure out if I like the negative display or the positive one
I need plans for tonight. Hm
Full on carb-overload with
Ugh the mornings are not. haha
House band now playing sublime. How'd they get access to my playlists. Seriously.
In Perpetuum => To all time
welcome to umd!!
Just had the honor of interviewing There is not a nicer, or busier guy in #Heavy Metal. Thanks, Tim!
Can't wait to see two of our favorite Irish media personalities - and at Saturday's in Downtown
I feel honored to be in your pro pic btw
Several kids got offers from colleges at the Metro Exposure workout tonight. Thanks to the colleges who came tonight!!!!!
The taste of an ice cold Gatorade when extremely hungover
Philadelphia mayor gives great speech to his community, advice that should be taken by all parents.
The Lacrosse Association of KC semis are tonight at LSP! Shawnee Mission East v St. Thomas Aquinas @ 5:30 & Olathe East v Pembroke Hill @ 8!
I wish I could go. Bummer!
Amazon Kindle Support, you are awesome. New Kindle replacement by 11/30 = less Game of Throne withdrawal
you put a smile on my face, so thanks <3
Robbery Suspect Is Killed A 23-year-old armed robbery suspect was shot and killed Thursday by a retired New York Police Department lieute
Summer is OFFICIALLY HERE! (According to the calendar, anywhoozers) Ask us about starting your own BOOK CLUB! There are discounts for all!
I'm 9 tweets from 1k...gonna be epic tweet
hi Janice!
One of facebook's most important Social Tools is the Birthday reminder. When family, friends, co-workers, ex co-wrokers & contacts greet you
I miss my baby girrrrr!!!
Can't imagine what is going on on Bourbon Street about right now and then at 1a.m. and at 4 a.m. and 6 a.m.- NO never closes 365 days a year
We are proud to announce that our next album will actually be tolerable to listen to... GO!
“: Interesting fact:First cousins can marry in North Carolina. (Unless they are of the same sex, I assume).” There's perspective
Got bad anxiety after shooting.. I need to relax.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Calling the NY Catholic League Championship on MSG VARSITY Tommorrow from Nassau Colisium at 7pm!!!!!!!!!
fo real doe! my host-family got one right after i left. i was pissed
I hope that is lucasarts april fools' shenanigans
Home :) one day down, 9 to go!
going to take the dog for a walk before the real celebrities show up
RT ": What IS, is GONE, & what WILL BE is up to you! WE get to decide our way in & out of circumstances. ~ #TheSW"
RT : Treat a man as he is &U make him worse than he is. Treat a man as he has the potential to become&U make him better than he is.
About to pour up and catch this #lakeshow ... & these flautas better be fye or I'm treating
no tell me now DM me :)
and play 46 WWFs at once.
Agreed lol. RT : This whole Charlie Sheen thing is becoming cliche, BUT when he said bi-winning, that was pretty incredible.
thanks for the RT
(Niccolo Machiavelli) Wisdom consists in being able to distinguish among dangers and make a choice of the least harmful.
During the final week of Arts & Humanities Month - record your family history
RT : God is a woman. Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mom and all the moms out there. Y'all are amazing.
In the library until 5. I came prepared with my 60 oz of green smoothie. Maybe it'll make me think clearer? Who really knows.
EW get out of the rain! Have Chicago Messenger run your errands! 312-666-6800
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code y5pu2)
haha thats why it is called school :) haha i would would skip everyday! but i know i cant :/
this weather is amazing! wish you were herreeee :)
well unlike you I finished my homework like and hour ago and now you are keeping me up
Love means saying "well, fuck you then" and then embracing each other later without malice
An Old Head Told Me "Let None Disturb Yah Business;Beef Is Only Good When You In The Burger Business"..
I hate that feeling. The feeling when you're sad and you have no idea why, but you just are.
Audio Addiktion is looking for one band to fill a spot for our show at Bunkhouse Saloon on December 9th! Please contact us if interested!!
Three seats up for grabs tonight! Six just released for Thursday!
I EAT MY GREENS! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #FOLLOWME # also #FOLLOW He spit FLAMES and BOOOOYA!!!!!!
About to launch Voices In The Clouds website v2.0
we'll be there around 6!
Can't figure out how to tweet from my phone..
San Diego delegation here in full force and ready to begin our last General Session at
INNOVATION: The best way to predict the future...is to create it.
All hustle no luck!!!
I hate not being able to finish practice
< glad to see ya. Please check out this girl. She has an amazing skill set, and a message that needs to be heard.
Im to Attachedd..
Seriously I didn't know you could draw but those are incredible! you've got a gift!!! LBS
when do you guys land in Chicago? Beautiful fall day!! Enjoy Chi town
that doesn't sound nearly as light and fluffy as a spam bao.
so so ready to be in wisconsin in a few weeks <3
hhmmm depends on the zombie type i feel! Could do, if its a rage zombie, but if its a supernatural zombie im not so sure,
oh no I meant meeting Caroline again
Mr. Figaro to perform "Wings to Fly" for Crimes Victims Fundraiser 08/31 at Blue Martini in Brickell. Support the victims fams.
29 Today, Im old Balls
You can always do yoga at home. You can always do yoga at home. You can always do yoga at home.
I have always wanted to go on a cruise and do the jack and rose scene from Titanic ;)
Rush hour traffic in Cincinnati on the motorcycle. Anyone need any more proof that I've lost my marbles?
I use to miss #oomf , but that shit got old real quick...
RT just released their book,and dancing w/ u is on their bucket list!HAVE THEM ON!
Why the f does #espn have terrible towel commercials? Last time I checked they were runners up not super bowl champs
It is so wrong to talk about people who have mental problems they cannot help
Nearly all the #cinnamon in the US isn't real. It's #cassia bark, which is like its cousin. Cinnamon = healthy. Cassia? Not so much!
Hey my people. I am just chillin, killin, always willin to D R O P a few lines!
smoores at my crib 2ma if any1 wants to come
I guess the gist of what I'm trying to say is, don't wait too long for an opportunity that's right in front of you. Death waits for no one.
I love it! Gary
Is it just me are is every bitch on twitter look like a fuckin super model be real girls
Hm, Calgon I was thinking the same thing at work today.
Thoughts are Things - Thoughts are Eternal. Cultivate your thoughts through the science of meditation.
Sarah make the trip up there?If not she better be at song practice tomorrow!;)-lol.get some sleep&have a God Day-Go Gators!
due to summer classes, will definitely miss you,too
my favorite is 'ready to take a chance again'
think you mean Sunday, May 20th... I almost got excited thinking Fitz and the Tantrums was Saturday! Haha ;)
Gm twitter
see you there!
Just realized something. When a man I'm not attracted to hits on me I lie and say I have a bf, maybe I should just tell them they are gross?
always. But worst case- we got 2 guys who will play this season for 2 guys that weren't playing.
I like this takeover. These are laugh out loud tweet worthy!
I wish Moments of Truth were as easy to spot in real life as they are on TV shows.
all is fair against the Yankees
OK just make it sure
OMG that movie is crazyingly amazing <3
RT : Thank you for supporting public education in Texas!!
Does Victoria Secret have a black model limit? Only 2 in the show?? WTF??
Sitting in LHR waiting for my connecting flight back to Chicago. 13 days in France and right around 750 wines... not a bad two weeks...
Fleet foxes and waffles with Wayne.
Nice meeting you today! Keep the double bass rolling haha
I would give anything to get on a couple episodes of epic mealtime
RT : social media is designed to make us feel good enough to take some significant action
I cant stop.. missing you ♥
One down!
impeach San Diego for failed-public safety, fires, lifegaurds, disability, mmj, and police misuse.
Anybody wanna join me to pizzahut
In front of the library on kirkwood.
Yeah, he's also following I'm doing great! How 'bout you?
hah Ight we might see you there we did chest yesterday!
I need to watch what I write when updating a bug status, it might be taken the wrong way: "couldn't reproduce, waiting for assistance"
im having a little gathering in starkville
Yesterday I did a design crit for a final portfolio presentation at a local design college....WOW! Good thing I start teaching next term!
Thank you all for voting us best of the city!!!! And coming out to see us :)
We are destroying ourselves :(
"I have already computed the charge of nursing a beggar's child..to be about two shillings per annum, rags included." AAHAHA!
Nothin like blasting some country music on allied drive.
aw lol he'll nah I was slapped but shit I'll let cas know. U not the only one who left sum shit
Jason ddnt wana go see THINK LIKE A MAN cause it was too many niggas in it.
And WHICH Knoxville school did you go to?? Im from the great state of #Tennessee as well!! :)
Are You Calling Mikey A Puto?
thanks for the help! Cards made Brewers win possible...needed the help!
Am I changing right before your eyes? Becoming someone you don’t recognize?
is looking forward to shooting a graduate student film @ UCLA on Wednesday morning!
i.m blaming Matt!! and Mr.Pesseri
a bird yes, but I prefer him be a #Raven then a #seahawk :)
As much as i'd like to be with somebody, i should probably stop trying and spend this summer with the bros.
thanks for devirginizing my virgin eyes!
Here comes the rain. Daddy's gonna sleep good tonight. If that sounded creepy please keep it to yourself.
I'm looking forward to watching #ufc145! That's gonna be good!
#PrayforEthan, a 9 year old dying of cancer! His only wish is for to tweet him! Please tweet #PrayforEthan and Justin please
Hi Nice thought! What are your views on the current #Indian #education system?
“ “ Obama announced that he supports same sex marriage. >>>>””
haha, no. But, he definitely should be our backup qb next year. Makes too much sense.
Thanks for the RT regarding our update.
U r one lucky woman!
Our Executive Director is there to testify on the extension of the Superblock developer agreement.
that shit slappin my trunk definitely
Um…. LOTS of things make life easier for booksellers. Libraries don't care about ISBNs. Scratching head over this.
i really dnt any followers... just followin' along!!
I'm glad that it went well for you.
What is the point of long terminals if trains are a quarter of that length?!
I agree! I'm thinking that Jay Leno might not have ever been very funny.
RT : Did I tell you on my last airport visit that security patted down my locs?
I handcraft the best scissors if u have the talent u need the best no one else can provide the best but me 5173043525
Trying to be flirty with a guy today :p so side braid and yoga pants ;)
Las estupideces es un mal en nosotros.. stupidity could be a sickness in us..
You know how I do!
not received any messages, but use .uk to get in touch. Will send a message to you via bdfa website
o-oh i want some mo-ore, o-oh, what are you waiting for??
Yes we saw it- thank you! This is going to be a big weekend too- would love to do more with you guys!
who's hosting this year?
I just want those shoes!!
its cloudy... :'( how old are you??
Getting a hair cut haven't had one in like a week!!
I'm movin to Ohio :'(((( ss no one say anything
Lol Oh no! That might not be a good idea..I was going to hide behind you! :O lol I need to be more brave! 😁
1 way to know "she loves you". She catches you when you fall.
cry me a river
Happy New Year! Can't wait for all that is to become in 2012. So exciting!
after a long stressful overwhelming day i like to just lay back, chill, & watch some gay porn ;D
I second that :)
did the party ball make an appearance? :)
We Patriots have to unite and take back our country! Love your tweets!
thank you(:
Real Eyes. Realize. Real Lies.
Man vs Food rocks. Keep eating ps. I completed the dagwood with pride
Who needs to step up their game in the second half?
Thank You Again, Happy New Year ;-)
IM GONNA LIVE MY LIFE NO MATTER WHAT WE PARTY TONIGHT
im afraid hes gonna die and thathes unhappy :/ hes a crab
Hey thanks a lot! RT : Thanks you're awesome and helpful! Hopefully listens to you!
Friday the 13th came a day late for me....
release of the highlight video from WODs for Bemis tomorrow. Stay tuned
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'd probably go broke again I got expensive taste.
how was the potatoes lmao?
(-) Let me add, c) you fill finish sooner. Write that thing and get out.
We're all warm and fuzzy inside on these cold days, 538 followers, thanks everyone!
yes!! RT : Melificent I knew it!!
The Knicks have about 4 people on their team that wants to shoot it every time they touch it. I guess that would explain the 7 seed.
It was great seeing you at what did you think of it?
Thanks for the RT - remember a "balanced" with SOME chocolate ;-)
Smatterin if boos for Braun for not running out DP ball. Looked like he tweaked something...
A tornado flew around my room before you came. Excuse the mess it made.
at butt sex
Some people just need to date and get married because they make the cutest couple ever.
Please tell me more about how excited you are for tomorrow.......
It is helpful to signal to the driver, especially at night. We're sorry to hear about your issue.
Man niggas r stupid they think any bitch with a fat ass is bad lol its sad
ctfu these people tripping.
Am I the only person with their normal bedtime at like..12:30 in the morning?
I love my first period. Lmfaooo <3
Oh no they didn't.
Heading north to Santa Fe and Los Conchas #NMfire; EPA/DOE radiation air monitoring crews flew to NM Mon p.m., after fire hit #LANL property
I would say the 2nd one...We started dating 3 days before Christmas and he bought me a ridiculously expensive gift. Just awkward.
What do we do? We connect students in Zambia who need just $150US/yr 2 complete their education with people like U who want to sponsor them.
oh you know it. Hahahaha. Schools over now though :D
Going out with the girls, movies soon :)
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Ask questions as well as make comments when you tweet.
My mother is trying to save $400 to upgrade her upcoming flight to first class. I'm trying to save $400 to fly at all.
Hi all. Just finished packing for road trip to NC. What did I miss?
Ah! Not again,
You need to watch that!!
yea dude its hot as a wolf in my house
Record store day. Wish I lived in the UK so I could grab up 's Ekki Múkk single.
i hope your flight went well! HAVE FUN! talk to you soon! <3
Breitbart was without soul and heart, you fascist. His death disproves the idea that only the good die young.
On my way back to Albany. Hit me up Albany friends which is nobody!
you, my friend, are a genius. How are you not a millionaire yet?
Congrats! I was stoked to see you guys win.
So nice to hear from you! How have you been?
jet lagged in desperate need of a solid nap, I'm 5 hrs ahead of y'all :/
"You could live a thousand lifetimes and still not deserve him" -Haymitch (from the Hunger Games Trilogy)
Thanks! It was one of my favorite projects I've ever done.
#teamfollowback LET'S FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW <3
so wonderful to see you all on Friday!
Saif, what is it that you are looking for in Great Falls? I am happy to help you out and have a ton of resources. Best, Aaron
Beautiful weather today, great day to fly a balloon!
: The next Pavarotti? #Opera alum Eric Barry at Ntnl Cathedral - Mozart's Requiem Congrats on the mad shout out.
A desk and a chair in the corner of the cafeteria is NOT a workspace. Is it 3pm yet?
cutler hurt his mangina
basic space, open air.
Thanks! The Badgers lost a close one yesterday. Here's hoping the Hoosiers can defeat Kentucky twice in the same season
great resource for #healthliteracy materials for patients in a billion languages.Check 'em out!
Me too! RT : I just had a #RamonWOW moment...wasn't expecting to get verklempt at #DisneySMMoms awesome!
If some1 offers 2help u do something that u have done solo thn u ask them if u did it correctly. Y in da h wld they tell u 2 ask some1 else?
Thanks for retweeting the correct spelling of our name. "Dzian" is lost on most people, including native Chinese speakers.
working on it. You open to speak with us next week sometime?
About to take my mom's new Audi S4 Quattro on a little joy ride:) We We!
fuck that, I won't b here, ill b in another country
Actually the last time NC amended their constitution was to ban interracial marriage. Ironic & very sad.
i should make cards :)
So true, I talk to him in the middle says, "He is making me do 6 breaths per stroke."... "Umm are you sure?"
happy new years eve from STEAM freakin BOAT COLORADO!!
“I’m the opposite of a slut, because I never give a f*ck.”
Jamming To Music In My Room ! With Music :
Money, money, money; Thats always be the motive.
In order to be walked on, you have to be lying down.
Congrats Rick Hindrex on 200th victory
not anymore?
what happen?
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. - LaoTsu
2 days ago was earth day. I littered
Neva mind I'm tweaking regard that last tweet
It hate it. I just keep tellin myself I'll be done sooner. That is my ONLY motivation. Haha! What are you taking?
Well because I don't want to say friend because then is someone that knows us might think that were FWB does it make sense? !*)
At work tired as ever
damn near been eating up half my house since i been home!!! mcdonalds,,, sherbert,,, oodles&Noodles
Hey. It's your girl bre hanging out with my buddy! :p
sweet that sounds great
loool, you should ;) what did he do?
glad I finally figured out the logic behind the FB suggestions, thought the universe was totally effing with me.
Hm...#Dodgers are up 6.5 games in the division...I'd say they can afford to sit Matt Kemp for a bit
More followers means better prizes. Your task is to get us to 850 by tomorrow and the #prize get #supersized! RT and tell your friends!
I don't even realize I'm cursing anymore :/
Testing123, is this thing on?
see i told you!!!!! viva la Collin!!!!
Yup. I thought you had great things to tweet during that plenary. :-)
You know what I want? A food cart that serves whiskey. Outside my downtown offices. During the workday. Every workday.
going a little medieval on us?
With my hat on, I'm even taller.
follow back<3
yes if we get bigger lol were kinda tight :) xoxo miss you!
Rip Ryan. That shit craZy
who is a phony??
congratulations! You are awesome! Love you!
first class of the day cancelled!!! yay!!!
doing some homework before soccer tonight. At least we're only doing 20 minutes of conditioning ! Lol && an hour of skill
It's 141am... had an awful day... you would think I want to sleep, right? I can't. Augh. :(
Hi Chef, I really love the honesty in the WSJ piece, you're the real deal & I appreciate that so much - not many of you left!
Wow. Michelle Bachman really is quite the religious zealot.
“: Gonna watch The Vow...by myself! 💜 #sappytweet” That is exactly what I'm doing right now.
please follow me? I would make my week SO much better <3
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS
What's understood doesn't need to be explained.
I didn't want him in cle I was always a trent fan
If the world ends how it does in the movie 2012...someone throw a brick at my head so I can pass out and not feel anything! lol
Live your life and take chances.. Don't wait, because now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be again.
Sitting at lunch outside next to a softball field really has me jonesing to go to a baseball game ASAP.
Ha, I knew it! Yes, let's talk about that coffee now. It's easiest for me to do mornings. Would that work for you?
I'm so excited for camp orlando and to spend it with my friends before I say my goodbyes :) ♥
thanks for sharing. thanks for following me. please check out my fine art photos at www.bradtito.posterous.com
Love it! Super excited! Important ramifications, too ... Like when a biz gives their brand image a makeover. :)
Nothing says Sunday better than IKEA
The reason Romney's family was in Mexico is they fled the US because of polygamy.
There isn't a list now (#AttendingIAS12 hashtag is your best bet), but there should be a list in your registration packet.
hello it would mean a lot for you to follow me, can you please follow me?
Greetings from sunny California!
You're welcome! How funny were the puppy pics?!
Thank you for the follow nice to see you on here too
#Ladieswewantanswers Why do freaks always act like they are the hardest to have sex wit (professionals see thru that act!)
lmao i juz be looking & thinking lyke cats are weird az shyt always wanna be climbing
If I hit this Mega million I'm going ham like Kevin off lottery ticket!
So you ain't got to give my loving away So all my gentlemen's say hey hey hey daddy <3 love this song :) SINGLE HMU
60% of App users or smartphone ? not the same thing
I.HATE.MAIL :(
Who is having a friendly poker game this holiday session with the family?
thanks for the response. The call was escalated and I never got a call back from management.
Branson looking like mid to high 70s next week. I can so feel that.
When you're in love and you get hurt, it's like a cut. It will heal with time, but the scars will never fade.
RT If you've never seen The Taking Of Pelham 123 (the original with Walter Matthau), then do it...I second that!
People will always need archivists for interpretation assistance, no matter the format.
Bank of America tops expectations on better credit quality
I just read that some women on President's Island started orphanages. Do you have any info on them?
Is former President Jimmy Carter going senile?
of course
See ya next season, Raffi Torres! 25 game suspension. |
Why are the wasting so much beer? It's just wrong... there are thirsty people in this world!
In the words of : who the hell are you that you think you can come into my fourth floor cubby area
lol they're free bro
NOMO prints now featured in the catalog - a great way to give someone a gift (when you don't know what to give them)
so bummed that I can't upgrade from a Blackberry to an iPhone until Dec. 8. I'm done with #Blackberry!
Just booked a co-star on the show 1000 ways to Die :) This oughta be fun :)
All dem candidates will be meeting at Tom Barrett's home today and available to media as part of unity event
Shoutie to For being my 122th follower ♡
Just followed everyone back ;)
Home bound!
95% sure I just stepped in bum cum.
how's your golf game looking? We need to get out soon
Maybe... Montreal was willing to call Houston's bluff on Ching...
..no..no... My dear! #coffee keeps u regular!
“: More than 10,000 homes in the United States are powered entirely by solar energy.”
I'm looking for charming neighborhood wine bar. Am buying gift certificate for colleague moving to Williamsburg. Any ideas? Thx!
i will use my dads money from his resturant and thats more than enough,
":I'll be co-hosting a WQAM (560AM) radio show today 5-7pm." #NoLuv4Sid "a show" hopefully a non-republican show for change today!
Toughest poll ever on ESPN: Best sports rant - Mike Gundy, Dennis Green, Allen Iverson or Herm Edwards?
The rain is crazy right now!
my physical self has lived on but I think it's about time to resurrect my digital self...
MAYBE I'll ride it... If I don't eat chachos before like Victoria ;) lol
Then how do we teach in order to accept all of those Discourses we might encounter?
RT Unreal... Huge team effort tonight!! Thanks to all the fans who made the trek! Drivin home w/ for Mothers Day!
I have feeling twitter did not say that...
Shes on her iphone and shes not sure how to
I'm a check out da truth and see whats good. peace
He's too cute! I do hope for your sake he doesn't pick up any more of her charming habits.
is tonight's RB game sold out?
Not jealous but don't be surprised to find a bunny boiling in yours when you wake up during our winter camping trip.
Thanks for the RT, John!
Need a Fresh Start? Need to file #bankruptcy in #phx we can help you through the options visit our site for more information...
if you love me you should follow me! Oh and i love you more <3
Hello Ravens fans! Checking in to say that I'm taking a blog hiatus while studying at NYU this spring but back in action for DRAFT coverage!
#FindSomeoneWho makes you forget about everyone else
Building an independent media company takes a while, but we're getting close to finished...
#iconfess I still dont have the new twitter
GM anyway RT GM... No high for me... LOL I didn't wake and bake!
hey how's it going?
& great hair and makeup always on their show!
I am #StillAlive and plan to make a change
eating cold breadsticks
Having a Givenchy handbag moment. #yesplease ￼
that's the million dollar question.
In the ice box....aka the dj booth at
Those folks who sell burnt mixtapes need to be arrest. That's piracy gone too far.
Way no to suck #CaptSuck! Home Run!
Vacation is all I ever wanted!
"If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success." - Will Smith #in #truth comes
Thank you so much!!!
#NP Fine by Me~ Andy Grammar
"I know, if you are like me right now you are saying to yourself "where are all the hot, sexy lesbians n' bi gurls?". " ~ NICOLE MILANO.
Ryan said he would join as long as we get pizza
sweet joe!!! Good to see you the other night. #i'mnotacougarnomatterwhatvirginiasays
I really need a hug. And for someone to tell me that everything is going to be okay.
I am so excited to try my broccoli Bell Street Burrito.
What are the specials?
Raymond felton may now be fatter than baron davis. Also slower.
Just another day of corporate thuggin' and wanted to get a heads start.
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and drama
I know. I just listenes to what they were saying. I can't believe some of the stuff they said..
QPR draw would be costly if Bolton wins...
Note the good doctor showed up "like a good sport" for a photo op.
'welcome this is a farmhouse we have cluster flies alass this time a year, we are sorry there is little we can do but swat them' Love Phish!
selfishly, I do too. Looking forward to visiting in April!
L.A. or Denver? Metta World Peace back. Kobe in a Game 7. Mike Brown, Pau Gasol and Andrew Bynum jobs on the line.
I cant sleep
alright..i'm gonna try and stop talking about it. just dont ask me "do anything really awesome & enlightening lately?" & you should be fine
rick ross is the shit!
We're actually working on a tasting, though it might take a month or two. I'll keep you all posted.
thinking in 6/8 today for some reason..
I'm up way past my normal midweek bedtime.
articlecheck01: The Flourishing Business Of Online Air Ticket ...
Getting ready to hit the city..what talk about to do tonight..
not me, i love sleeping way too much
That was a good dance!Release some stress..or shall i say frustrations.Stress makes u gain weights,gives u shingles,& ruins things!
The MLK parade in Liberty City on Monday was excellent.
Boo-hoo, sad story
performing #Heartbeat on #Conan+#CAMP reaching Number 1 on #iTunes! #PerfectDayAtCAMP #ILoveYouDrake but I'm a
A. Bradley
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for the things beyond your reach.
Had success w/ this - last yr faced closing RT : Encourage fans to act as advocates for your museum.
Great win for over #FCDallas tonight! Thanks to everyone who came out to support!
Werewolf Hunter...eh.
View Welcome video at www.downow.info Free GAS and Food,? Referral program nets income enroll at www.dowsite.info I give 125 leads per wk
chillin....what u been on?
Who's ready for our new EP "Irie Days and Crazy Nights"?! It's all for you M.O.J.O fam!! Coming soon! Jah Bless!
We are in the health and wellness industry and responsible for delivering powerful products that promotes longevity and a quality of life.
already been hitting the bottle pre that post? bless
Nm babysittin........I miss u. Had so much fun in Nasville!
Studying for a Calculus final on Cinco De Mayo<<<<
George Trow on Ahmet Ertegun. Mostly for Field Maloney's enthusiasm.
Close enough I can taste it!
Coincidence? Yahoo news headline about Koch Brothers selling to Iran...sort of like GE (?) in violation of law. Why now?
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!!!!!!
#20thingsaboutme 1. I look older than i actually am
I miss the old me wen I ain't allow feelings to bother me I i vibed an didn't give two fucks
Starting a new chapter in my life. Out with the old, in with the new. Getting the rest of the fake people out of my life! #ratchet bums
Oh, poinsettia. I spelled it wrong. I was just that excited about modified leaves!!!
I've joked about this with you for years .
exactly.... that's why I didn't do it :-) #selfrestraint goodnight ttyl
- do you detect and kill the OSX/flashback virus?
Allergies please go away!! 
really??? Plain as day! Maybe hochuli can blow another call. NFL refs are a joke!
this day turned out to be fabulous, but i think i am just as excited about tomorrow night ;-)
interesting many cannot make the leap from GUI to NUI when thinking about mobile design. is this why apps look like desktop remnants?
Got love for ya too guys! Cheers!
If you want someone, have them. People aren't gonna wait forever for you to speak up.
I'm NOT flirting!! its called BEING NICE!
Damn Barbra lookin good for a old hag
I feel special ya'noe, ayyy I hope you passed the jewels try out!
follow back pReeeeeety please
- the support players have been playing well so far. Miller's finally starting to hit some 3's. He's been horrible all season!
So excited to be back in Texas for a week .. Looking forward to seeing my awesome friends & family.. Smiles & sunshine to all 8-)
I got my hair cut right now and I asked if they could fix it. now that I'm home it looks like all they did was trim the back shorter...
hey it takes a good looking person to know one
good luck and have fun!
And the taxpayers aren't going to pay for the Welfare Bailout of all the members of your movement.
Thank you so much!
...Mink happened upon Leather on a cold rainy night as she huddled under a drug store awning waiting for the downpour to pass...
Another GORGEOUS day in Sunny San Diego. Ah. Spent the 1st 1/2 of the day gearing up for my daughter's 1st Holy Communion next Sun.
Okay let me be more specific. I have cousins in Atlanta that are Braves fans. I like watching them cry.
compters dying...random power outage... OKAY!?!?!?!
If i girl wants to ask for compliments she should be asking herself a whole different question.
In the lab making another hit!!
So, you want to meet me? #CoolStoryBro x
FACES IN THE CROWD: Last night Christian Slater took in a performance of Lombardi!
. +5 For having a long running review site for photography.
When in doubt, listen to #mumfordandsons. "you and i now, we can be alright."
I Can only imagine when I walk by Your side for once! :/
Our NY & Seattle (cc: ) account team's FIRST official Google+ Hangout meeting a success! Congrats, all.
S/o 2da LEADING team members of &CEO
SFA: Today & Tomorrow! July 22nd & 23rd "Huge Vintage Sale" by owner of Family Vintage - Delray Beach
Oh my god, we're already losing, this team is so great.
Q6 my document delivery staff deals with copyright everyday to make sure we're paying the C correctly
gotta go with my dog He is the truth! A real straight up cat!
Confession to twitter yea guys I'm gay
Ever think you'd be saying that? RT Yuni should be hitting fifth. Just saying.
wow! What a turn out!
Thank YOU. thanks for the shout out & Tonight Show swag :) exciting & great show for a chic from Ohio. Loved it and ur a cutie pie!
About to start making confessions
Let's go knickssss !
thanks guys!
RT : Let's give it up for chicago for donating paint, flooring and people power to the home makeover!
Why does hamburger yield lower energy than steak? Because it's in the ground state.
Probably time to add the Bolt Bus to the long list of forms of transportation I don't do very well with. Limitations unlimited!
You want your relationship to last? Keep people out of your business!! Business rule #1 = Stay out of my Business! Aka ~Fresh~Young CEO
Now I'm mad I missed it!
first haircut in 8 months...of course it has to be a mullet! My phone has been blowing up the past few days, girls everywhere
working on my pmp gets me thinking about the kpi's i am not measuring in my job, this is for sure scope creep...
Dayumn I had a good day y da fuck ya wanna blow me???
My attitude is based on how YOU treat me.
When I walk in a room I expect everyone to bow.....and all bitches get naked,legs spread pussy lips spread
♬ John Travolta & Olivia Newton John "Grease" Soundtrack went to No.1 on the U.S charts ♬
Well they are all important but authenticity is what allows me to live free. Hawaii for 2 weeks in June!!!! miss Eleuthera :(
Tuesday is good, but I am going to need a handicap for the height differential if this is going to be a competitive situation
Haha, thanks Bill; awesome job. In my 7th year.
With God you are unstoppable, unbeatable and invincible.
We didn't pay him to say it! RT : If I came to this much everyday I'd be a straight A student! I think I might...
Hello! What brings you to town?
Is someone hating on ya, Ray? LETMEATIM!! ;)
AND I LOVE YEW <3
|#quotes The most important adage and the only adage is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes first.
BUT.. what I was grateful for yesterday is my family (who I'm with in spirit), my true friends (u know who u r lol) =
Bow-chicka-wow-wow : Guess who was his Tiger Hostess? ": #49ers Justin Smith has started 171 straight games
sure! Need to pick something up from the church at 1:30, then I'll head over.
I heart you too! Can't wait to see you this summer.
I bet you still won. Cause you're awesome.
in my defense, I was already running from there.
Dave Leiper is on now for the A's, and he gets Brock to end the top of the 7th.
summer school
No prob. Thanks for the Tweet! MT : Thanks to Politico's for pool report on Biden's appearance at Howard Theater.
Heh...Create a giant market by paying a fair price to feed renewable energy into the grid, duh. RT : so how do we fix?
#Richardson = dirtbag. I once waited on him w/ Ken Griffey Jr. $700 tab & NO tip Nothing he does surprises me
I'm jealous... have a cocktail for me!!!
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy? A: Put her in a round room and tell her to find the corner :D
It's time to call it quits for the night. I am tired. Maybe I can get some more reading done it the morning before the #readathon is over.
oh wait is her sis cindy dilimos?
very cool idea indeed! Will use this once our pilot episode is complete!
We made it at a park so people could bring furry friends too!
Likewise. One of my big collegiate regrets was not making a gameday trip to the Big House.
i know me too ! BUT I had to go do my thaaaaaaang.lmao where were you tho !?
VonChurch is looking for Network Programmers for various openings around the country. Ping for more!
school just got so much better
When will you be on? What's the subject matter?
Snowboarder still missing on #Timberline. Search crew there. Rest of friends checked in :30p. Thought the boarder went off trail.
it's still 11 am here
loggie i got you with those classess, thats what i wanted to takee or filmm but i dont wanna write reports
Don't forget to shop local today friends!
SOU offense puts on a show - Mail Tribune
I am still not sure how I feel about Camper van Beethoven's "Ambiguity Song" - some days I love it, other days not so much.
I am!! Lindzi so cute
Had a Bday this weekend; walked six miles today. Guess I'm not too old.
make sure you wash yo dishes
Awesome. I'm tweeting as a reminder to myself to show up and imbibe with all you fine folks.
Me arde el brazo u.u
We just cleaned up garage. The grand finale of this effort was the GIANT wood spider scampering across the floor. EEk!
Awesome! Glad to be part of the show!
border patrol sees a white guy cross the border to the USA hes good oh but when see a Mexican cross the border get out of ur car drug search
hamms special lights for everyone!
My old school homegirl just said this lady was shape like a BMW "Body Made 4 Wrong" lmbo
okay i'm out for the night guys tah!!
On the road doing fight stuff. Anyone want to train early? If so, text me
Wish that America & Australia were on the same time bcoz then it wuld b Monday night over there and #CHESNUTS would b out!
And, no, anal doesn't mean you are gay. Geez why do people jump to that conclusion.
It's 12 IS THE VIDEO UP?!!!! FOLLOW ME,:D
which dress are you wearing?!
awesome! Well, not the soaking rain later part!
“: Females need to realize smoking and getting all those tattoos is unattractive and unclassy.” I agree with the smoking part
Want to be an extra in Sadie, AND see awesome bands play!? Dates are Jan 6-8, 2012. Email for info. Must be 18+.
Man, just craved some hot chocolate ;)
would you say thats the case among Israeli companies too?
WHEN I SAY GOD IS AWESOME HE REALLY IS AWESOME. I LOVE HIM
Prom special $100 for hair and airbrush make-up! 312-404-0853
I keep a working document of ideas as well... like you said, don't want to lose the random inspiration
Thank you for the follow! I really enjoyed your discussion at #PCN12 and your take aways from #SoSlam. Take care!
"No person was ever wise by chance." - Seneca
Check us out on Twitter "slyderfootball"
Sunday I Pray Fa Sum People Dat Go 2 My Skool Cause Dey Need SomeBody 2 Pray Fa Them
You were hit by a pitch
YES, please! :D
HA! Elite Riverdale circle, I like that! Nicely done!
Find your best Red lipstick, a shade with blue undertones complements fair complexions. Brownish reds & orange-y hues for darker skin tones
hahaha I don't know what it is, I just know my ducks are running and I wanna get some sun and see some action
shoutouts would be appreciated
aggh man I think i got sick from take a cold shower bath for an hour while I was recreating the movie U-571
wow what a little finger you have there
Im not even gonna talk shit.. it was a Good game. 2-0 headin to LA.
I'm about to unfollow people who retweet Willy Wonka into my TL. I've put up with it for the last month. enough is enough, wonka.
tank you very much Byron Scott
Always a pleasure seshing with & ^_^
great reception this evening at #imexamerica11. Thank you from Pathable.
Loving my half pieces of gum <3
Just saw Chris Rock at the Improv. He's so baller w his bodyguard and that whole ear piece thing.
He seems to miss alot of these lately...hm...“: 3 of 4 candidates at this neighborhood focused debate. No today.”
sup tweeps. this is my first time back online since, well, you know... so who's watching the #SOTU?
Oh my god! You have #twitter? Love ya bro! See ya tomorrow!!!
Ramen has become my favorite food.
But they did need a good cornerback though
Was your work open on Fridays all summer? Mine wasn't! But now it is again. #amireallyhere?
hi sweeti I'm fine what about u ?
Pierogis??? In Baltimore???? OMG do they have golabki, too?????? And where is it?
Getting ready to party at the FIRST EYE CANDY FASHION SHOW at McFaddens on Friday!!
ha! You're taking a big risk. Thank you for the bday wishes.
Starbucks really isn’t that expensive when you consider what Victoria’s Secret charges per cup.
what's this paper on, if I may ask?
...the table next to us had 20 senior citizens - all asking for separate checks, all paying w/ cash, & all asking for exact change back...
hey I'm so sorry we didnt get to catch up... There will soon be other opps. I'm glad ur pres went well!!! <3.
#5factsaboutme I'm 19 yrs old
CNN actually discussing Ann Romney's comment in MI that she's been all the way up the"tip of the Mitt"
What up, Rory. How've you been? Bet there was epic tweetfest between you & during Finals. Too bad your team won. Ha!
an 86yr old, actually; nancy regan.
We said he loveme night ' nex Person to tlk to my SUNSHINE ' gone to bed llsss
oh wow. I remember a rooster hanging out on my street last summer, apparently it had escaped a fighting operation
Isn't it funny when people say they're #Tatted_Up with only one or two #tattoos lol
get your keytar and your flag of Mexico ready! I own this punk!
OH: 1. How does turbo swang work? 2. double time grinding!
Fuck writing papers. I won't be able to concentrate until 1am. I'm clearly just wasting my time right now. It's just not happenin'.
Too much pessimism from White Sox tweeps tonight. Nobody like a moper. Let's Go, Sox!
Louis' hand was holding on to Harry's side so tight in that Rays of Sunshine cookbook video.
#nocompromise The elections in 2010 were a rejection of your agenda.
It's all about the start in a 26.2-mile race!
It's a team sport. How do you not understand that?
This chemistry baffles me.
I only ate once today... Im so hungry, why am i doing this to my tummy?!?? Fuckin cold T__T
Having drinks with the ladies, winding down from the first National Black Genealogy Summit in Ft. Wayne, IN. An AMAZING conference.
Devouring Jane Austen books and going bonkers. Love her knowledge of human nature that I now can see in family/friends.
Walking in drenching rain = not my fave. Being soaked from head to toe grosses me out :P
What I would give to meet Tim Robbins
Great success at rehearsal tonight! Oh! and did we mention we have a gig at Martini Tree Bar on Saturday? :) Twitter stutter...
#dml2012, JSB: "Tinkering is knowing, making, playing blended together." What does this look like in a history classroom?
Stocktwits is confusing. Why can't I sign in with oAuth? Wtf?
#mla12 #s442 Houser on dataviz as an ethical project, but one that gives the impression of mastery with problematic consequences.
really enjoyed meeting you. Maybe next time you are in Portland, a quick trip to Seattle could be possible?
They without product, f*ck for spotlight.
I'm out at the store at 183 & Burnett, getting ready to go on air with Fox 7 to let folks know about
It's been quiet...not much happened here and with a mini summer preview going on, staying indoors to avoid the sudden heat.
So good to see you in IRL! And a surprise meet up with always brightens my day. :)
It's sad when you get hurt so much that you can just say, "I'm use to it"
Come buy some half price theatre tickets from me at Hottix today. 72 E Randolph!
just read a few of your articles! Great stuff@ Thank you
"I don't considah myself a lucky chahm" -
I am both married, and secure enough in my heterosexuality to admit that is just as cute as the dickens.
Thrift shopping in Maui? Ok.
text me!
We're almost at 300 Likes! Thanks for liking our page. What's your favorite stop along our tour?
#yourebeautiful and i wont stop tweeting about this until you understand. Please believe me. You are not Alone .
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Keep up the rockstar marketing content.
Attention if my followers reach 1,000 or more by this Sunday then I will let everyone download my new album "PLEASE EXCUSE MY TRUTH" 4 free!
If there's no trade, it'll be Markelle Martin, S, Ok St (position and school for tweeps, not you). Book it
Because the whole thing comes from within, the feelings came right through.
I just wanted to say that u r very pretty and my role model <3
please tell Peacefire to meet his friends by the big wooden cross!
attending #IEG networking event at #TrumpChicago Sixteen. Spectacular view!
Have fun today!
Hahaha I love you and miss you too!! :)) and YES WE CAN!!! But....i moved to mckinney.....and im in chicago right now! :((
#celtics win! WOW, probably no business winning that one which makes it even BETTER!
hm yum yum yum yum yum
Check out the new photos we've uploaded! Tag yourself and your friends!! Feel free to share any of your own!!!
All the Mahomies and Austin tweets after I've gone to sleep, tinezones suck^^
Hooray! Are your Groupons good there, too? RT : In case you missed it we are now open in the south side 1505 east Carson street.
Been in a really good mood today..dunno why!
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
I love you gurlz. :,)
I agree! He is too slow to play CF
Durant is pretty good
I could live off of popcorn.
I wish we could have made it, looks like a great time was had by all.
Hey everyone auditioning for #THEXFACTOR in San Francisco this week. I wish you the best of luck! Go in there and show them whatcha got!
24 but I don't feel that old lol xD
yeah one car load was juss spectators lol you guys are all my niggas
Ugh, I just did that handshake with a man named Happy. Makes me even less manly.
Start calling myself "the king" for lack of a better title
I ended up at brooks brothers. More preppy than hipster but I look good!
helloo. how're you?
I miss the show Brandy and Mr. Whiskers ):
The truth comes out when you DRINK or ANGRY
any idea at all of a realistic Indy pole speed? Are we talking like 218?
maybe that it is just a mutually agreed on settings that few really see as inaccurate, plus magic seems less out of place
"The universe is not hostile, nor yet is it unfriendly. It is simply indifferent." -John Andrew Holmes
Worth it. Slightly strange experience not being there in person, but wonderful all the same. Going to try to see rest of cycle.
shordy is gorgeous in her new pic!
all for US. Dont forget that.
