Love the dress!!!
Im so sleepy. Tossed and turned all night
I Today is working on another novel called "The Well" I have typed 82 pages on it. It is right now in the 9th Chapter. So It is more then
Vendor on the street tried to kick our dog treating it like a soccer ball. These guys sell their mdse pay no taxes then try to kill a dog?
" if it were not for the great variability among individuals, medicine might as well be a science and not an art. " - Sir William ostler
Awesome Chinese celebration today at Hackley school!
Falling asleep... gets a text message... gets iPhone... FB with one eye open... checks Twitter... ok sleep, let's give this another shot...
I know I'm sexy... thanks!
attended Long Beach Heritage awards on tonight with great company and learned a lot about the architecture of the city. fun!
Just got home from the grizz game and just hanging out. Go grizz a nice win.
yes it's where is! Everyone asks that when I mention #Hoboken - I'll have to try it! Cc:
listen to 9-9:30am "My song is better than your song" contest & challenge somerville mayor
Thank you for ur meals that matter program! Saw u on this am - way to make a difference!
Go to parent workshops! Share your knowledge and add tools to your toolbox. Kids don't come w/ manuals but they should!
Just finished presenting my paper on Luke Cage at NCBS. John and Sundiatta rocked their papers. So much good scholarship on comics!
Every day is better than the one before... :-)
My son is the most adorable thang in the world ~!
Are any Adobe users switching to the #CreativeCloud? The subscription price is close to the upgrade cost for CS6 Master Collection
Wishing I had someone to share this PB&J with.
Who's ready for Halloween?? Let's see those costumes!! Looks I'm going as !!!
“: Alarming Stat! has more homers than Pujols!
how r ya
Just watched #jillianmichaels dispense some awesome life advice 10 feet away from me.
Steam bunnin and slurpin all day! Yum!...cant wait :)
Got some free ice cream today and now it's all over my shirt.
Sitting back drinking Green Tea listening to "Humming" by Portishead.
I'll work on that. I also have flashlights.
Damn Detroit! Running really late today, lol! Now back to the real world..had a great time!! You were awesome ! Xoxo
Cooking dinner for the first time since Thursday. I had that many leftovers.
Rainy day. Perfect day to be lazy but instead I'm running errands
Finally going to bed. Happy new year everybody!
#OneThingIDontLike people that brag about everything they get .
Yayyy is announcing how we can be part of their album today!! :)
happy mothers day. I'm happy I found your Twitter. It makes me laugh.
Love that song.
Then a few days later I was back down and it would drop again
I planned out summerfest week! Get excited!
Don't kill the little ones. The jail time is not worth it.
Joey and kiki working today, better get your Halloween stuff before it is all gone....BOO!
Some people just really know how to disappoint..
Ugh #Dodgers tie 3-3 with the
so so! I'm back in NY. How was your bday?
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 1
professionally or personally? Why? Do you think men are being to whiny about this topic?
Soon we will find if #herpes cuts the mustard. RT : Ryan Braun has his say in NYC - but will it make any difference?
Done alot of things i aint so proud of took alot of turns that turned out wrong but i will survie(:
haha yeah i love it too! But what i told you about today was by far the most awkward convo i ever had
You know something is really wrong when you ask a question and get an idk as a response
I know where that line came from.
Is that Bronson Arroyo or Walter Johnson out there tonight?
your the King
Seriously Haunted will seriously be my favorite song ever. My dream still is to sing it live with Taylor!:)
what's more exciting TV than sudden death at the Masters??? go Bubba!!!!!!!!!
My family drives me crazy
that's good... What are your plans for next year
Maybe is for babes
what can you do? At least she didn't flash anyone today.
she supa wrong fa dat she far from wifey
I'm unfollowing people who aren't following me :)
you were so funny! My friend Lauren is sporting you In The Pocket pin.
You working ACL?
Will do! Thank you :-)
if ya want
Glad you could make it! RT : great turnout, food, & guest speaker Mayor Barrett at the annual membership meeting
Happy Halloween!!! Did anyone see the time-lapse video of Googlers carving immense pumpkins in the middle of Googleplex?
Keep it under 7 minutes, Peggy!
even though I'm mad at them and don't think they can handle the Heat, wouldn't be amazing if Indy did beat them!
And don't forget to use your TTU email!!
Everyone pray for me to get this new job I'm interviewing for this week....
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
He writes his plays for the ages~the ages between five and twelve. ~ George Nathan (about George Bernard Shaw)
Lots of breast feeding footage on tonight...
I like it! RT Don't just blog. Be a "founder" of a new idea. Idle thoughts + action bring "founder" status.
I'm here boo :)
hahahha i knew that's what u were thinking....who said u can't be a famous presenter and still love Bluey enough to chase him lol
what's good for lunch today?
Heard on the street today: Loewe's is pulling out of the "25th St. Station" project. That ship is taking on water & listing badly - sink it!
Oh my gosh, I have to tell you about my dream. A couple of weeks ago I had a dream involving a pazookie and Nick Wheeler.
Wishing i had more time in the day to learn after affects and photoshop :(
Taco johns was a bad choice for lunch
via - "4 reasons ppl play games: to compete, to achieve, to socialize, to explore. Could also be 4 purposes of ed?"
Most of the time running club game is the equivelant to being a dancing monkey
You've just given me my new Twitter blurb!
Getting stoked for and the rest of on tonight!
Today is Opening Day for the San Diego Padres. Who's excited?
Wisconsin: June 2nd just opened up for booking! House concert? Venue? Shoot me a message if you're interested in this last minute opening.
Thanks so much. You have a great day as well :)
Are YOU working towards your dreams? Focused on what you WILL accomplish? Preparing yourself to WIN?
Up on the early side..... Work at 8!
sounds fun.. I need to do that soon.
nice, planned on going as well. see you there.
Not a developer, but working on similar questions (maybe) about publishing. Would love to connect.
Such a talented kid that has been devastated by injuries.
Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.~Author Unknown
Off To Colorado!!
Take me to that old familiar place.
love is friendship set on fire
Love it! Makes me MORE excited to go to Auburn this weekend
So funny, aren't they? :)
told ya
Why does everything happen to me! LMAO!
AT&T but my contract has expired. I'm torn...seems pro/cons for both.
Aw if you ever need to talk I'm always here for you!
of course! :)
they're so much fun!! I had to go with the big one tho...as much coffee as possible this morning LoL
Hey Joe
I know! Now my hubs has his iPhone "Police Scanner" app on. Not sure if I want to hear what's going on...
We're open! #GWU come check out ZeBi on the in Ames Hall. Open from 8-630. Time to get
Like a bosh.
Just because your shit got rocked, that doesn't mean you can bash on other people.
About to try ! See what all the buzz is about.
I love this! Wish there was music in downtown 'burgh every day!
today must not be my day I have been messing up all day long
Youll never know until you try . . . . Fuck what a nigga thank lol
lol , my feelings exactly about the Bieber..
bought it ,love it, creating tee designs to it. Thanks for producing a great album. You guys took it up 5000 notches!
Ha ha! I only worked with the dogs!
SOL•SKETCHES™ is HONORED to have ARTWORK included in the BROOKLYN MUSEUM JAZZ TRIBUTE TO THE GURU (GANGSTARR/JAZZMATAZZ) -- If you in NY, l…
never answering your calls again -.- when you need me!
Idgaf pickles are still good to have this late at night.
Happy Valentines Day y'all! Heading Downtown Huntington Beach to Celebrate #SingleAwarenessDay S.A.D! Get at Me!
my day was super productive!!!!
She's adorable tho
Working on a Valentine's Day playlist for Student Services. Any requests?
Jonathan Holloway now giving Leon Forrest keynote lecture about black scholars & memory in the age of black studies.
thank YOU for making us ur destination in Chicago. Come back soon ;-)
I'm in the Poconos :)
Rock you like ya back ain't got no bone wtf
If interested, I'm dickieroc in Dice with Buddies.
Is this s--t real, should i kiss youu? After all the things that we've been through, i gotchuu, yeah, look what you've done for me now ♥.
Off to set to play with vampires today :-)
Major sounds coming out 34th street underground...creepy
The "liberal media" where Tony Perkins gets daily cable news bookings
I just eye fucked the shit outta him
Me & 's Birthday Bash Celebration June 2nd at Club Drake so yall come out and roc wit us with
you think so? Wanna go?
Dam la is hot loving it
Thanks for visiting #Emerge again Keeping us on our toes!
P.s. is cooler than me, but he didn't need to get a new iPad to prove it
Make sure to brush your teeth after all those #ValentinesDay treats and sweets!!
Hope the 2nd half is better. You gotta feel like United will get an equalizer at some point if they learn to attack. Take it to City
What do you say when your MIL says "that's her mode of apparatus?"
I'm calling all girls "grah" for some reason....don't know why, but I like it
Determining legitimacy of authority requires an education of the truth; this is a natural right to all members of mankind
Giving a tutorial on live streaming today - would probably be a good idea to shave beforehand
still cool? R u there? Working? So your thing..
What's your favorite sport?
To succeed in life is just like climbing. You've got to get out on a ledge, take calculated risks and keep on moving until you reach the top
More for the patriotic chocolate lover in your life: Dina's Organic, E Guittard, Gnosis, Gotta Eat Sweets & Payard from across America.
#iwishyouknew about Obama's socialist, America hating friends because all the info is there to see.
That is, without a leash. With a leash, who knows?
Would love to get a pic of us together....
Bet! Startin the summer off right!
Firealarm going off at lincoln park wholefoods...and im sitting in my car on the roof!
Indeed .: "Happy girls are the prettiest"
DID YOU WATCH DRAGONBALL Z GROWING UP I WANT TO KNOW!!!!!
The sky seems small if it is looked at the bottom of the well.
Thanks for the mention!! :-)
I'm in a bittersweet kinda mood .. No clue what's happening just going with it.
Were kids always so wise or is this a special batch we have here?!
have fun!...I'm staying in the boone condo this weekend! It's awesome
Okay, time to get out the car, let's see what going on inside
Found the flash card. Going to put on socks and boots and go take some snow pics.
so far the CMA's red carpet is horrid. Sandra Lee is the only one dressed for the occasion. this is what i'm seeing from getty images.
Hell ya! CU wins baby! Great game
o. Are they ok??
Watching the Lakers play the Mavericks is like watching the final fight in Rocky Balboa.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Who loves you when you need them is your family." ~Troy Dunn
working on a new book with trouble shooting for machine quilters...all the tips that quilter's love
What you doing sexy
do you only play playstation or do you have a 360 too? its hard to explain it would be better to show you.
geez louisiana
Honestly about to just step back and say beg for help.. I want to go back 2 months ago. Things were
Hope u enjoyed ur easter boys and gals! We finally made an instagram! Follow us via SixStorieaTold
PLEASE tell me what I missed then. I think all us #RetakeMassEffect people wish we could find the answers we're clearly not seeing
roots will be closed today in observance of our veterans.
Yep. Super moon = super day.
Woot! RT : That is awesome to have another fan\user at SWA!
When you believe "I can do it," the "how to do it" develops.
ROTFLMAOO! S/O to for saying that HBIC means "Hot beautiful ..ehhh...Intelligent ehhh" WOw
Long time reader/fan. Would like to get your opinion on A.Smith's champ game. Appeared to miss 2 throws, wr's no seperation.
I heard next weekend at Coachella they are bringing Hugh Heffner back from the dead in hologram form to introduce Snoop & Dre to the crowd.
What's going on good people??? I want to thank all my new followers on my twitter...
RT : What about Nelson and Sitton?" - I think they're on the fringe of that status along with Raji. All very good.
Doing a persuasive speech on abolishing the BCS system in college football.
Wednesday night nudie runs to new dorm
oh shoot, do I have to start working from home?
Man in Portland Trailblazers wifebeater singing barry white
#THATCamp Bay Area to be held in SF, Oct 9-10, 2010. Follow for more info, coming soon.
There are certain things I will not admit on the internet.
let me know what you need! Thanks!
I was wondering if everyone was asleep in my house or they just totally left me home alone like always, but I just heard something..
The true test of inner strength is finding both stalls occupied."
True haha. Its a bit big.
Wow, 11 days to get a "resolution" from paypal on a case that the merchant (Apple) resolved the day of. Paypal sucks.
Enjoyed a great lunch at Mom's Siam with :) Thanks Casey
I'm excited for you ! :)
Miss thang , why even have a twitter ? If all your gonna do is bitch about people & YOUR problems . NO ONE CARES.
Hey girlie, i miss you here helping me with scripts!!
wow, that was it, huh? lol. i think their box office return was from one person--glad I know who it is now!
we will write-up a blog post on the #amahouston nonprofit mobile marketing workshop early this week for you!
On twitter twisting up AT THE SAME DAM TIME !
#nowplaying Joey DeFrancesco and Danny Gatton. Forgot the name of this album but what a duo! Favorite.
How do you feel about your companies current hiring process? Good? Bad? Needs improvement?
Had an ok day didn't snap on nobody today now it's time to sleep
i hear u. Lol
My girl is insane.... but it's all right....
*grins* I'm great thanks you?
Sweet seats!
Aww. Nice dogs!
I'm starving :s
Delighted customers are the best sales force. Focus on those you can provide superior value.
“: #FunWestFact I don't really like being light skinned. I love being in the sun and getting golden bronze”<~ SO!
#NP ft. - What It Look Like
i dont want to even hear it my friend
Very well said.
I don't know the rules but sure haha
My apologies for the strange messages. My account was apparently compromised. I believe it is now fixed.
It's going to be a beautiful day...and I've got to spend it in the library.
“When Good Design is Used for Evil”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Anna Eaglin,
who ya got, Lesnar or Reem?
M.I.A
i remember when you asked me, i was so happy i ran up to matthew and tackled him, i told him i so happy my eyes were watering up.
My Twitter Fans: Follow them all!!!
seriously, though. I don't think you can commit long term based on previous performance. Gotta see his 2012.
Had a great workout! and I worked our butts off!
Hey stranger! You going to be at SX? Would love to catch up.
I had such a great time this weekend! <3 even tho you didn't write to me;)
My butt seriously hurts so badly.
going out to dinner with my sister and playing one direction really loud mwahaha
Welcome to Twitter, !
will be dancing with Jane Lynch (Glee) in the opening number of the 2011 Emmy's this Sunday at 5pm PT on Fox!
The voice israel ? :)
is standing on his head
A's still 7 games under .500 apparently the fans don't understand that fact still, good times!!!
Come on, man, I'm counting on you. I'm sure as hell not going to read it.
i want tickets x
I honestly don't know. I was more in a Miles Davis mood at the time
I would have paid just to see RDJ and Loki make out for two hours.
proof society doesnt completely suck! lol
#Movember day one!
What a day at #w2e! Looking forward to #ignitenycx!
You're all lushes.
...perhaps that's your subconsciousness saying "Go to the Chocolate Chisel"
I'm taking time to thinkin i Don't think it's fair for us to turn around and say goodbye
Stevie G & T-Pot put the jinx on the Hornets yesterday:(((( Call them at 3 and give them hell
Thank you Angie. And a Happy Hump Day to you as well.
Here’s to your perfect weapon,
good bye & good night all!! ;-)
Thank you! :)
Yeah, it's a good friday
#S/O TO MY BRO LADYS GO FOLLOW HIM HE'S LIGHT SKIN LOL BT ITS #TEAMDARKSKIN LOL
Nothing is wrong with me ..
about time we got a run on the 2nd worst run defense in the NFl
When you move to DC, you'll have to check out Ray's the Steaks for a good, reasonably priced steak dinner
Did you know ... Wichita State's RPI is 11? What's mid-major about that?
after what i just saw on #Austream i know you're not okay): i just want to hug and tell u "i know you're NOT OKAY."):
I can't wait to see it!! Thanks for having me come out yesterday...as usual it was a pleasure working with you!
SHAVE MY HAIRY PITS
school isn't over. Get to work. You and too big already? That why your never at the gym? Buckets.
MT : Final prep for Friday: #dmap hosts #dhdebates symposium/workshop w
I dont want Kyle.
Aww. Sorry to hear.
Keep it up TeBow
This at least at this point, appears to be good news for Peyton moving forward...also makes the Colts plans for the future muddy..Thoughts??
heard it like a month ago... Shit is an understatement
#nowplaying Oliver tank - "help you breathe"
Thanks to everyone that supported us in our Churro sale!! We sold out!
End of day and fading fast. Need a smack before dinner at 8 due to late night meeting. Great #snack idea: string cheese + dried fruit + nuts
dear alexx i heart u!! bahaha lol i wanna marry harry style ths a random tweet(;
what a nice boy. Yo Queiro taco bell
#oomf mom is sick let me come & take care of her..
The USC Emergency Protocol (a plugin for Blackboard) has officially failed -- launching SpitNMoxy 2.0 -- here's the plan+
Sick and I've got midterms?! I might die.
RIP Steve Jobs
Don't forget to join us tomorrow at 6pm at the Ohio Theatre for Mayor Mike Coleman's 2012 Bicentennial State of the City Address!
Wouldn't surprise me. Felt like textbook example of how NOT to use social media as institution.
#MyBiggestFlaw being so insecure that I let great opportunities pass by.
Still going. My current distance is 3.46 miles. Current song is -
So I am supposed to believe that actor Samuel L Jackson makes organic mushroom risotto, but doesn't know how many ounces are in a cup? Cmon.
Give us a scoop on SUPERMAN/Lois! Will we see them together in the future? What about future Lois with future Clark? Pls ask! :)
And fuck everyone else who happens to loose $20k because they happen to be carrying it in cash? Bullshit.
About to have a good time tonight .. Destorm Album release party. Got DPG in the building and many more to come.
Good night everyone
Wow. Good lord, people. "Rhetorical question." Google it.
'til i got home..
I erected a gold statue of Kevin Youkilis for the sole purpose of having an angry mob of peasants tear it down & drag it along Lombard St.
Front row at Trevor Moore's Whatever Show! :D I want to go again next month for the 3rd time! ^_^ Its so great
Awesome! Thanks for the kind words!
Fantastic webinar with Sean Malarky & Lewis Howes. Thank you for the info on best use of LinkedIn and Twitter.
Oh, btw...I'm hardcore liberal democrat...
Bali here i come!! RT “: Eat, Pray, Love...AGAIN! I'm addicted. How much does this movie make you want to travel?!”
hahahah I love it. The grooses on segways = made my day
Gorgeous! What is it and do you have a good nursery in the area?
Starting to work on our next issue of , The Swimsuit issue. Find it next week, May 23rd.
So predictable. So fucking predictable. See what you did, CJ?
Is it sad that I hope peeps keep tweeting pix of #Seattle bus/SUV mash-up just so I can reminisce about the rain?
you should change your bio .. Like ASAP ..(:
Playing Oberlin tonight w/the Tortoise. Miracle Condition, wow...
I don't wanna grow up I'm a toysRus kid, there's so many things at toysRus that I can play with
Be true to who u r :)
You may get tons of what you want very soon or just go to a higher elevation.
I hate when a girl is so drunk she forgets to tell me about her period. Now it looks I murdered and rapped her in my bed!
UUURRRGGGHH. Facebook is down for "maintenance" .Try back in a few hours?
thanks for the follow man. Keep on keepin' on! XOXO BANK!
I like you and I know you like me but wtf is your problem
lol I just speak my mind :p
Way to steal 's tweet. :(
Now we playin a whole new game.
The weather is icky but it's nice in here! Come on out for happy hour everyday from 4-6 pm with $2 pints of beer and half price appetizers!
sorry for your lose homie! #RIPCLIP-D rest in paradise....
Indeed. And you were a preds fan, so you're a total traitor
Mayors' confab reunites old pals: Obama, Napolitano, Stanton - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Mayors ' confab reunites old pals: Obama, Na
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me. Im too busy loving people who love me :-)
India Won ....Congrt to India
I would like a subscription to the Times just for the daily crossword. You feel me, ?!
The choice to have a great attitude is something nobody or no circumstance can take from you. Zig Ziglar
Cake , cake , cake , cake , cake , cake ,cake , cake , cake
Thank you for stopping in! Did you have the Moriawase as well?
Life ain't nothing but hard work & knowledge
Well I Would Have Done This Earlier But Didnt Get A Chance . So Wll HAPPY BIRTHDAY I Love You Have A Great 18th Birthday!
This explains a lot, Meg.
Omg secret circle I hate fayes mom n diannas dad I wish u the worst they killed Mick n now they should suffer so much they die those mmgs
Awesome! #Magic&Popcorn
EVERYTHING'S UP!! WE'VE BEEN GONE FOR LONG, HOW ARE Y'ALL DOIN'? XD
You don't want to donate to ME? :) No worries, all going to the same place. I may be there if I can convince the boss.
I love you Niall!
she's Skye in the 5th one.
pretty little liars in twenty one days >>>>> 💛💜💙😃
what about some venison?
Hello world! Just checking in!
Process Server, serving legal documents in the entire community of Sacramento, CA.
you still need the ticket number from Friday?
Type "let it snow" in google..... Cheers and happy holidays
#TurnOff --> “: I didn't text you, Jack Daniels texted you.”
Okie doke, Well I gotta hang out for that 2-2 1/2 hour time! LOL! Cause she is going into Everett to see my aunt, then back
is it some sort of stomp the yard recreation?
Praying that whoever wins the $640m are huge tithers and givers, preferably !!!
Leaving NY:-)))
“: Brunettes listen to music everywhere no matter where they're at. #thehairoscope” they know me so well
RT " My goldfish is either planking or dead."
what is that?
I don't care if it hurts I want to have control I want a perfect body I want a perfect soul
Wow. File that one under
i feel lame cuz i wasnt hip to him earlier
hmm follows him so his tweets gotta be good haha
they are singing the song made famous by Marla Hooch in A League of their Own !!!!!!
just read your article in GIGAOM... great stuff, and I wish you all the best.
thank you.
New personal best in bed for the evening at 812pm. #imago getter
That awkward feeling when the news director points at everyone he wants to stay after the meeting, and you're the odd one out.
FUCKING FINALY. I have my chance ❤
most definitely will stop by! any films you suggest I see?
Wtf is with pajama jeans.... Are they pajamas or jeans? I know I'm late but who would buy those?
Shit...even talking at the speed i'm going, my speech is still gonna run the full 9 minutes I think :O....
There is no thorough education that is not self-education. (1850)
Whoa!! *jumps on that one* Thanks; its prequel is one of my favorite books.
Won't Be Fooled Again by The Who
Happy Tuesday! Going to #Paradise Valley Mall? Come by and visit us!
haha we all played Monopoly as a kid ;) fixed everything on the phone by the way!
I hate when she always say dat fam
Kids are just waking up from their naps. I will try and connect later tonight or tomorrow. Miss you and love you!
:-) random but I think We should have just a chill day lash everything out n all tht.
At my 3rd baseball game this year and a new stadium each time.
Day 2 of the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Ready for another day talking travel and
Bucket bags are back!
Tried that good boy thang but the dope boy turns me on
#OneThingILove being a part of #SteelerNation =]
wow someone that can speak my language Baaah Meeeeah x
I love how my "friends" treat me..
#hicss power back! Woo for having internet!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
Meeting at 12...and then...writing for me!
Have a marvelous week everyone!! More to follow later...
Today is the last day you can "Like" our page before the drawing on Monday! Share with your friends for a chance to win!
Thanks! Hey, I wasn't quite sure what your last tweet was about. A site using a photo w/out proper credit?
DailyHookahTip#110: When poking holes in the foil, poke all the way down through the shisha to allow for better air flow.
I did that on Monday. This is my dusting day!
McPherson: "God knows what he is doing. We have to trust him."
Same old song
No one life is a peachy so bitch cut the act🎬
aye that white powder is the shit Mann
North Korea unveiled what appeared to be a new missile at a military parade in Pyongyang today
kemp is good, but Hamilton has been beyond ridiculous.
Are you not supposed mix adderal and redbull? Need to score an 80% or higher on this practice exam.
Good series caps. It's okay, we still love you<3
That is, perhaps, the best benefit of living alone.
Peter Gabriel @ Summerfest tomorrow! Can't wait!! Love him!!!
Yay for having freezing cold classrooms...! Not.
curious to hear what you've learned. They push online learning pretty hard in my state. They'll even buy you a computer!
My OSU Buckeyes just lost in the Final Four. I have been drinking. Tell me something nice, Jessa.
Farewell 2011, I am free. Welcome streams of sweet dreams that settle over me. <3
I'm glad you guys take the time to check on people instead of chasing. Good job guys!
#FF Businesses in
The books site you made is a.w.e.s.o.m.e ! This'll make textbook shopping so much easier. Thank you!
look how bad they are doing and yes I am watchign the game! LOL
In the city only for a while, here to face the fortune and the bile
Learning what guys do at their bachelor party... Apparently they shove ice down their friends pants..
what about Revenge?
I saw no peace sign. You looked like you were having a miserable time.
Excited for my best friend.. :)
It's Friday... totally missed Thursday. Good morning World! Good googly morning... AHHHHHAHHAHHHHHWWWH.. :)
Not true. They also do the "bring it" face expression.
Start off the #newyear with a New You! Get the white, sparkling smile you've always dreamed of with help from Kravitz Dental
watching the NBA is one way I get to relax, if I am not shooting baskets i'm watching my favourite side - the Heat
play pac-man on google.com today ...impressive javascript goings on here
so jealous!
We says! I'm not sure who came up with it, though.
and which stations are you boycotting?
My dad's birthday gonna be rockin no questions asked.
OMG! That can't be real...no such luck/cake here and I didn't think you'd be open when I was driving into work.
Kevin is lusting for Jeff big time lol
I like Blount so I'm glad Richardson isn't going to TB. Guessing they will go Claiborne now, and then try to trade Talib
Kenny Rogers is a legend but his face is a newborn.
Things to do tonight: drink, write guest blog post, drink, reread novella prior to restarting the draft, drink, tweet, drink, and drink.
I think she's retelling the clean food story at each table.
"i dont like your attitude this morning."
you been beezin'?
Did you like it? Similar premise to The Hunger Games, except gods, not government...
Cant wait for #Padres #OpeningDay tmrw! Come to the #car2go booth in the East Village Block Party for a chance to win up to 60 FREE mins!
6 pack abs aren't about crunches. You can't spot reduce fat. Burn the fat off with a combo of diet, cardio and resistance training
Loved Gorky's. My boyfriend (now husband) & I met there all the time; it was halfway between our homes.
:D Welcome
there are different meanings to the word Growler haha, we're speaking of glass beer Growlers.
Glad this fever has worn off. Ready to get back to work after a week off
tweeting you my thanks for r thicke. thanks so much, tweetheart! mwah!
Who saw the president jog a little bit last night?I think he said "gotta get ready for " I was reading lips I could be wrong
We have some greyhounds and greyhound mixes at the kennel for adoption. They are awesome!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett
Darin - No, they had to return to KC and Colorado.... What sucks is they could have played.... Severe weather never happened...
Oh Hunger Games series, why must you mess with me so?
great to meet you! glad to put an avatar to real person :)
Its my day off and so far i have 3 base idea songs in progress! Come to my house if you want in on this magic!
So I heard that you have secret tattoo...show me it!!!
": Dear Lazy people, 12343228854980. Sincerely, You didn't even read the whole number did you?" = Lol :) guess I'm not lazy!
No response on my last Drupal question. Hm! I guess I'll have to put the hood up! Where's my PHP wrench?
Worst part about falling down the stairs? Choosing which body part gets the ice pack.
omg I missed it!! I started watching it last week lol.
Hi Linda, after defining our voice in social media #sm, we seek out our target audience & make effort to engage with them.
tHOREAU nOT oPEN sO i gOTTA wATCH Mi sISTER
Omg! I made a team to support relay for life! We are having a carwash to raise funds tomarrow!
I recommended SKUL sell for my final MBA project. Stock down 25%, market cap down $180m since.
Thanks for the RT! You ROCK (as always)!
It's almost like teachers need their fill of ruining someone's day to have a fulfilling job.
Thrilled to be singing at "Room In The Inn" this morning. I love visiting our friends there and I feel blessed to have the chance to do it..
Nice to know you're NOT texting while driving ... just TWEETing ;-) ... perhaps they can fit our last 140 on tombstone. :)
Okay, I really need different weekend plans.
Dont you hate when ya cookie becomes suicidal & decides to drown itself at the bottom of ya milk!!
Attending my first prom tonight, the Shevil prom.
yo what is happnin? I'm getting my feet wet in this twitter game. You heading out to get into something groovy tonite.
If you’re looking to refocus & energize your job search, suggests really knowing what you offer & what you want.
We'll "put the water on", see you in a bit! ;)
Hey I miss you that is all
can't wait till #boyfriend !!!
Looking forward to a busy week!
The Lakers backcourt has one of the best players of all time yet it has to be among the worst in the league.
The breath is the doorway to the much sought after, and ever-elusive "zone"
people need to RT this and help me get more followers! :D
Thunderstorm!! I'm in love.
So frustrating to have so many missing files. Won't be editing scene 88 today.
tomorrow SOCCER:))
***love my followers
ABS ABS ABS ABS Stop! Now dig that mothaf@#%n body deeper! Go insanity! Go insanity!
Awww. Thanks, Atom!! You know, requests are always welcome!
America! FUCK YEAH!
lol. Story of my life
Thanks for the RT!
Google Needed License for Java, Sun’s McNealy Testifies
She really bullying a another grown ass woman
How was everyones weekend? See any movies filmed in Pittsburgh? Tell us about it!
Remember when marketing to children meant adding a Z to every product name? It's not like that anymore. Kids these days are all about E's.
Came home to find new book: the #leanstartup Setting aside startup work on and _every other book I'm reading_.
Movie is late to start. Grr.
Steps away from computer >:-/
have a fantastic Friday!
RT The NBC Sunday night game next week is St. Louis at Seattle. Go Rams! Win and get a home game in playoffs, too!
I wish there was a candy delivery service. I really need some study fuel and nothing does the trick quite like Twizzler Pull 'N Peels.
So COOL though! RT : Just emailed Club 33 to ask to go on their waiting list. WTF are you doing, Amy?....
Rene, thank you for doing your part. =)
Deep tourney run again, 7 more till the money...
FOR REAL SINBAD IS IN MY WORK BUILDING DOWNSTAIRS I WANT TO TALK TO HIM WHAT DO I DO IT'S SINBAD HE HAS A BLUETOOTH
I just heard all the 20 somethings say "who?",lol
Mattie Jung. She's my roommate for next year.:)
Thank you 2 everyone who came out 2 the Yom Ha'atzmaut Celebration at the #mke #jcc yesterday! Great time! Recap photos & vids coming soon!
Driving my truck Lucy >
Dam I need something to eat
Welcome Susan!
reading up on how to knit
Lol dis dude just got his ass beat
hey man, is there anyway you can just give me the cash tomorrow at school?
Sleeping for 2 hours is always fun. Goodnight 🌙
i could be wrong here but they do trade carbon credits in the u.s.
I don't need to see the Pop Chips commercial to know that white ppl impersonating Indian ppl is the new black ppl impersonating white ppl
has opened our online chatting function for customer service. Please enjoy your time in www.usbphoneworld.com.
i wish they would! the part i don't understand is how they know so much about this operation: no prevention?!
Lots of people do (in fact half the people I left in Massachusetts still think I live in Arizona). But no palm trees here...
Well, my legs are fucked... Great workout this morning!!
You're right: *UN-loaded gun, plus ammo, can be taken into bar. But it's crime to drink til impaired with said gun
After six phone calls and four emails to Comcast within the last 24 hours, I can finally watch Yankee games again.
we are going to Jungle Jim's in a month, starting to get my list together now.
We Go In One Direction !! (;
Please No Snow! Please No Snow! Please No Snow!...
SIU is my favorite show and your so beautiful when you get a chance follow back please i love you
There so little? Wtf...
Can't sorry, i have to go get high lol jk, okay!! at what time?(:
You know what sucks? seeing sweet, nice, caring people get screwed over and seeing rude people get whatever they want.
Congratulations, Jill! That's wonderful news.
#YouKnowYourGhetto If yu eat hamburger meat RAW with saltine crackers.lmao.
thank you very much and you're welcome oh and merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10-, 13- and 7.7-Inch Tablets
u go to sleep
Patricia William's The Rooster's Egg, story excerpt in conclusion
I know and I'm always at Disneyland hahahah 😭
You got married? Congrats! How are things?
As much as I wanna be eighteen I'd still like to be a kid again
you have to consider when you expect players to come off board. Hologram obv expected KW to go before BW.
19 to go!!! Lets race boys!!!
RT : Heart smiled this morn at Newark Tech w/PA announement "Will 9-12th grade girls please go 2 gym & change for #yoga!"
good seeing everyone at the #CHAMPS winedown
i dont just want to meet him i want to know him :)
I will go to any freeway ramp for a compliment. On my way!
This just in! Jerome saves girlfriend from giant spider under fridge.
yeah mondays with , justin bowden, nelson helland, randy, janac, kelby. U still runnin with dorn and wes?
Aw, shucks, thank you.
Gnostic - are you ONE?
you're #beltworthy too!
happy easter girl!!
My daddy askd me why my lips so.white at the bottom. Lmaoo
Are you helping coordinate the full effort in Iowa? If not, is there someone we could contact about cooperating
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!
From his lips to LaFollette's ear. RT : Ran into John Nichols at Barrett party. He sees him winning by 25 points or so
I love you girl! You did an amazing job on #DWTS !! So sad to see you leave!
Someone needs to tell Nicki Minaj she is not Lady Gaga.
I ain't even mad.
Happy Birthday to me. Happy Birthday to me. Happy Birthday dear Danielle Happy birthday to me <3
Private eye tells homeless man of inheritance - Yahoo%21 News http%3A%2F%2Fyhoo.it%2FkougJo
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I make YouTube videos
I can hear the #Occupy Wells Fargo cheers and chants from my 7th floor office on the OPPOSITE side of the building! Wow...
Pocono, Daytona, Brickyard, and the then Busch race at the mile. Had season tickets @ WIR as well.
awww what party she didn't know
I know, right? I don't think anyone noticed.
this conversations getting no where...
just witnessed a very old man seduce a spanish waitress
Need a sampling to get #pcbw started? I will be tonight from 6-8.
Haven't stoved it but my KK has to be in pretty good shape vs JTo on a KTJ rainbow board. Rando Winstar n00b gets T T for teh soulcrush
hope u have a great vacation!!!!
DYK? Rose Parks-"Mother of the Civil Rights Movement" was a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
Awesome, I'm going to try to make it out for #TranssexualsFromSpace too!
Get up! Get up! Get outta here!! Happy 77th Birthday to #Brewers broadcaster Bob Uecker!
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk forever, in my garden.
Thanks for the RT. Let's keep the writing going!
": "look at you, muscles" "it's from all the time in the gym.... I've only been twice." " air me out brit!! Haha
You are exactly where you need to be to reach your goals.
Eric Hovde says America needs more leaders like Ron Johnson and Scott Walker.
Better watch out You keep chasing hoes , You might end up with one.
Missed u guys. Boy has been much too dysregulated and needed my help. It's Sat and that means Mama time! At a resto! With a friend!
Good choice.
Ah yes! Am Tornado Alley baby from Amarillo and bet still have NM dust in my lungs from springtime at TT. Hope to CU soon!
Not retweeting even the truest tweets just because of the person that tweeted them.
i love you as do many others, we appreciate you appreciating us if that makes sense♥
what's with all the faces?
Hot chick coming over...I better shave.
Follow for all things entertainment!
I'll ht an old man in public
Headed back to church
can you give me a #FollowBack you're such an inspiration!! #muchlove Jas!
tonite at Clowes! Great sampling of Indy's performing arts talent and easy way to contribute to AIDS awareness. Tix avail.
It's all kids, all morning tomorrow at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030! See you there!
I could follow people on Twitter all night long....(cue Lionel)
This year's theme: Crossing Cultures in the South: “into the lovely room full of strangers”
mood swing
Thank you all so much for your support! Working really hard on this next song.
RT On a scale of 1 to Jacked up where are you right now?
Any "Singers" wanna hit the studio wit us tonight ? DM us NOW!
wishh I could makee ( ] feel better! :b
Use retinol at night
Hey! How are you?
Thats what he said.. RT i'm never in control...
Gotta Take This SAT On Saturday ... Wish Me Luck !!! #FingersCrossed <3
The ego holds the past against you ACIM. It's a lie :)
I'm aware, I love you too Big Willy.
Huge Congrats to Sally Fitzgibbons! Ring that bell girl!!!
Mumbai slums have a ratio of 600 people to 1 toilet.
Just watched "Just Go With It". Very cute.
Great article!
I vote awesome! :)
I'm cheering for 15 seed Loyola Maryland because it makes me sort of feel like my undergraduate - Loyola U Chicago - made it.
NOT liking Angelina's dress. The red makes me think of the vile of blood she wore around her neck during her "awkward years".
I bet girl my turn tonight while watching my boi on #PPV boxing thank you sweetie
Had a Blast at today!
Do you have a #Hawaii ID? Call us! $99 Kamaaina rates (based on availability) April & May INCLUSIVE of daily resort service fee. WOW!
The penalty for entering my home w/o consent is death. This is mostly for rodents and bugs, but I have a sword, so it goes for humans too.
Looking for a fat free, high protein snack? Check out Greek yogurt! It's packed!!!
I'm doing really good myself. Wondering why i haven't heard from my buddy in so long.
ill text you in a min , im tryna get some info from gabby .
Makes two of us. But you know what I want more than a puppy? For you to follow me.<3
Long day, finally home. And gonna go to Crown Point to see the Northern Lights. :)
yes in 1946
Alvarado-Ruiz family sharing their story of prematurity & birth defect: Grateful for research & tech that saved their baby
Happy Birthday to our Co-Founder #JamesRoday! Hope you're enjoying the day as much as he is...!
I'm Dana. ^^ And yeah. x.x;; The internet (mostly IM) distracted me from work many a time.
Did Mohamed Sanu get drafted by Cincy for real this time or is it just another prank?
lol yes we are hard working.
MT History is genealogy of human choices, agency & intentionality. Nothing political is “inevitable.”
A1: Email marketing enhances your credibility and can help differentiate your company
enjoy! Yall hv a great day too!
Thank you so much (: share it to your friends!!
You're the best! Thanks for sharing our $1 deal
I don't follow - higher taxes for mistakes I didn't make. And mistakes most of us plebes didn't make either.
Judging from that lie you just passed, you are well known and respected.
im like fucking sweaty is this like a side affect for eating apples!
have fun !!! lol saw your meal on instagram "I am dazzling" but major siked to hear the new album x
What's your preferred way to watch mobile TV?
the plan to call Cameron will be carried out later tonight.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. ~Peter Drucker
don't forget to tell us what your charity pick is! :)
This looks great. Is licensing Isotope the only restriction for for-profit entities?
We miss you too! “: I'm having withdrawals I miss the amazing times there #Imisschicago”
Great video! You're right, that was good for a laugh.
when you want 6 comments on our blog, ask people what they think. When you want 60, give them something to disagree with.
Awww ... What is wrong?
Happy birthday!
Congrats #1 all time assist for
Nice to have you back in town!
How do you create your future?You create your daily habits and they create your future.
Conflicting reports on Ryan Braun's fate, hm. Who do I believe?
// Its going good; got a desk and a bed set up and working on some designs. The new job is going well! How are you?
“ Florida guard Erving Walker arrested for stealing a taco and running from Police.” He should seek out Doug Gottlieb for advise
#AcornElectric is busy making stuff today! Gettin' ready for #CraftyWonderland spring sale May 7! And #SteelPetalPress will be in Portland!
21 Jump Street was hysterical. And James Franco's brother is amazingly hot! Lick!
This dude is killing this song (and not in a good way)
funny just yesterday i was thinking how my kids are the 1st gen to have #socialmedia their entire lives
I hope you have a banana for lunch (for a hammer). Balloons? They're fun too!
whats to break up? Cant break up nttn thats not goin on
Really easy, but that's what I do for a living.
pick up line--Well, tie me to a pig and roll me in the mud! You are mighty purdy for a heavy girl.
How much time to you have? :)
Hi. Please come to the US. Specifically, western New York. Thanks!
Thanks for the follow!! xoxo
Lance Armstrong's camp refutes report on Hincapie.
Your question should be "who ISN'T reading Woman in White?"
I'm sorry but I feel Taylor is changing loads Just my opinion though :,(
This breeze feels so good!
Rain on Mondays makes me want to continue this friendship with my bed.... To bad thats not gonna happen
RIP Heavy D
What a beautiful Pittsburgh day! Mom, dad & I are going for a walk later...can't wait! Check in later for photos of my preschool graduation!
RT : Anybody? RT : Looking for a freelance front-end web dev. Have you got a free week during January?
omg there is porn on every google search i do for peanut butter..are we believing this rehtoric
I said the Warwick FNA Jazzmen I played had a maple body but it was ash (light in weight too)
Just heard my first commercial on 93.7 Jams. "fish & chicken affair" thats what up...
Let's go #Buckeyes!
As always, great to see you at
He Said He Likee Me Cause Im Cool Smart And Got Aah Cute Smile :)
cut them locks.
Just finished looking into the background of the Austin web project - posted links to RFP and scorecard on Facebook OpenAustin site.
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend friends!
How did I not know about ! & many others!
check out my guy
Today's high is 63! Take a walk this afternoon and enjoy lunch with us. We're at the corner of Dearborn and Randolph. See you soon!
good morning how r u
I need to move back east
Boise State strategic plan presenters need to read Tufte's Cognitive Style of PowerPoint. Complex concepts are being conveyed poorly here.
{Have fun you guys!!!!}
you guys are amazing! awesome customer service! thank you!
NOTE TO SELF, when texting pictures home landscaping, don't title the pictures 'my rocks'.. i may have lost a few friends
Great job!
Good for you. Keep moving forward doing what you love. XO
thanks for following :)
24 hours until we hit new orleans.countdown starts now.tic tock
No I'll Go Get My Phone--I'ts Somewhere Around Here Lol =]
RT : Have you downloaded my sister Kalie's song from itunes yet? Just search "Cloud 9"...
Not sayin', just askin'. It wouldn't help or hurt me, because I have no brains to move inside my skull.
Thats the hardest part of the movie for me to watch
I have. It's like "Nevada on steroids."
Bruce Chen is not a good pitcher. These first two innings make me sad.
Finally got to see the on TV in Milwaukee. That's a win!!!
When tells you to say hi to your dog for him :P
I still love you.
Haha remember when commie choked on her lunch because hunter and drew walked by.
true, i take longer but i neve look better.
Sports nation host says patriots are going 16-0 your a joke you clown buffalo has the 2nd/3rd best d-line in the league
Just picked up a date at the grocery store; it was in the produce aisle.
let's do it bezzies!
Writing stuff for school... way fun
get this ugly ass bumps and it looks like herpes? Lol well let's not get too into that but he was asking me what that was
*racks up points*
Preparing for Chekhov role: trying to get inside head of a fatally-ill, disowned daughter, unloved wife. Playing tragic figures: exhausting.
102.7? What are they playing?
": "There is no greater force for good in the nation than Christian conscience in action," Mitt Romney" Pathetic.
Hey there bro! Welcome to pre-summer!
following people back! if I have gotten to you yet, I'll probably follow you tomorrow. Goodnight :)
Thanks for the recommendation, appreciate it
:( talk to u later cause u getting mad
Yo Orange County! Make sure you go out and VOTE AGAINST MORE CORPORATE WELFARE on the ballot TODAY!
"Daferring on red hair moots the ramdelgerag! Cays hast ner eyed the entire lash from the libre, does get sidlelassinlunahack?
What are your big plans for Superbowl?
I am cringing so much at episode 10 of Firefly!! ah D:
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
In all seriousness debt forgiveness and reasonable logic in terms of assessing cost must prevail to keep the doors open
Come out tonight to welcome Greg Voelker back to the bar and jam out to the musical selections of DJ
Excellent choice! :-)
Good 8D u?
Spoiler Alert: #JordisUnga was eliminated. Unga: "I'm sad but I understand. I'm proud of what I've done here."
Lmfao I know!! And that old lady and kid are creepy as shit!
Olga Kay gave me a 10,000 calorie coffee and a 20,000 calorie chocolate croissant today. Am jogging in place as I Tweet this.
Spring 2012: Life threw me a curve ball. Hard and fast. Summer 2012? And Fall? TBD.
Taco Bell, you have been missed.
NEW YUMMY POTENT EDIBLES IN: MELT IN YOUR MIND - Cheesecake, Chocolate Mud Pie, Baklava, Chocolate Mint Bar! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com ;)
Sure thing!
I don't like the societal rule of cutting people who mean something to you out of your life entirely, just because "circumstances" change
Sleepy. So... sleepy. ... So... tired of muthafuckin' take home essays.
WIN FREE BOOKS - Follow and Re-Tweet this to be in weekly random drawing
Nothing more unattractive, less appealing than a woman who consistently curses.
I'm a teenager , who made mistakes but so has everyone & we don't call you out for all yours so why call mine out ?
Mexico's relentless attacking was too much for US tonight.
Still can't get the EMERGENCY PROTOCOL to function on my iPhone 4.
Just you. :-) But I think I either didn't hear your name right or wasn't letting all the appropriate brain sparks connect.
whats wrong with precious
Out working with clients in fort Wayne Indiana. Excited to show some new folks
Thanks for the great workshop at ACS on Friday! I learned a ton and you inspired the hell out of me! #TheNewKind looks great!
Follow me back <3
Worst job of my freaking life. Holy crap.
Omg, this is making me laugh. Hurry up & finish so i won't miss nothing while I'm at work lol
For a hundred that can bear adversity there is hardly one that can bear prosperity.
Adometry definitely doesn't consider BlueKai to be malware. We’re exploring the root cause of the misclassification & will update all soon
I hate when autocorrect pluralizes something and changes the meaning... Then or gets RT'd. Ted Kaczynski was misunderstood...
and having so much to say... and watching you walk away
has given me my dose of inspiration for the day. Oh, I love her so.
I have actually witnessed this (no, I'm not joking). I guess it depends on what drugs you're on.
Picked up the new album last week. Sounds great!
Wish i had the slitest clue how my phone cracked
Yes! Come on back to Baltimore, we need you!
Hot spots in
Can't find better people than this.
also has fun leap day specials with a chance to win some Admirals tics during Happy Hour!
I'm Smiling Because I Know Where His HEART IS..
Awh :( You don't to get to see me and Josh be all cute and couple-ish ;D
I always say one day a signed Artist is going to redo one of my songs and make it a hit. It can happen just keep writing....
"Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on, That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong"
RT : Good luck to the NTC basketball teams as they attempt to defend their title at the #2012AIHEC bball tourney
Everything is good getting ready the ESBC on March 24th outstanding roster.
Me: "Will you marry me?" Austin: "What?" Me: "What'd I say?" Austin: "Will you marry me?" Me: "OMFG OMFG YES YES YES!"
State Rep. Joe Parisi says he can't get his constituents into Capitol. Takes food in to protesters.
will do “: Let me know where you end up for lunch. Maybe we'll stop by.”
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3°¤°
Thanksgiving program at TCS was outstanding. Happy Thanksgiving all!
thanks andy!
lol by the way you suck at texting
Chone Figgins and Ichiro go deep in the first inning. Who says the Mariners don't have power hitters?
I like hopeful people. And, like in Harry Potter, if you say my name enough the almighty will acknowledge.
#truelife I'm in LOVE with ❤❤❤
The Media History Exchange will be a source for those who could not attend today to look to see what material was discussed. More info later
you look so different with out braces :)
#lighttheweed n take off!
teaching one's mom to text is adorably frustrating.
i just wanted to say whats up. I'm not even going to say anything about the buckeyes losing to purdue even they did.
It's almost time to ring in a Happy New Year so enjoy the last of 2011. Remember 2011 and be ready to take on 2012!
So much to say about this photo.....I'll just let it be.
Bubble Lounge was fire last night! thanks to all the homies that came by! On the plane now...bout to rock Anchorage, Alaska with
i agree. i have been on a lot of boards and this has been the worst. news comes out about merger and he still bashes.
We come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
yeaahhh! 7 people RTed one of my tweets. I feel clever
I feel lost without my partner in crime
And for those us us that don't play, it's just enough! RT : RT : JUST IN: #MegaMillions reaches $640 million
hahahah why am I just now seeing this? :)
In muncie outside with a white russian and dub. Great day out.
Are you sure that's how you spell it? Okay...."Cooties" it is, you oughta know ;)
hello there
thank you for all the social media love : )
will do!
Just heard from James White of the MD Port Administration.
aww :) well I had a party at school today it was jammin
Given the chance, I would have hugged Derrick Bell, too.
I swear I get so psyched to see random chicks pop up in my tweets just for the sake they might be submitting to
Give him strength to get out of this situation.
...hopefully they won't. :0)
macys making me cookies :) 👍
I've been to Roch, Minn, Buffalo and Milw...that is flat out irritating those cities are not irritating!
“: The Internet is so good at disproving things I only wondered were true because of the Internet.”
#startup - "Reinventing the tour guide". Meet at Life 3.0 May 31
Why-o-why-o-why-o did discontinue their store brand Special K cereal? It was better than the brand name stuff!
I love you.
Let's play the blame game
I used to give a fuck. Now I give a fuck less.
Whoa! Haven't tweeted in a while. Happy Saturday people! And of course, a shout to the lovely -- :)
We are very proud to have been nominated for 19 #Emmy Awards. From Mr. Mayor to Toni On, check out list at NYC.gov/Media.
"You took a cockahroach and turned it into a butterfly."
oh ya i dm'd him too
Someone should buy me an elephant ^-^
James Dean was killed in a car accident on this day in 1955.
meeting with bahn mis and listening to wonderful rainbow on the train
Hi! Are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help!
Ima be on top weather I perform or not AWHH lol
When do you guys start tonight? I don't want to miss your bit.
Sharapova reaches her fourth Sony Ericsson final
i have no food i wanted ceral but the milk is expired and so is the bread A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Happy to see the sun shinning... finally....
Makes sense if you don't think about it
Only shit like this happens to me.
Are you more interested in being the #star of the team or a team player of a #championship squad?
Shoot later today!! Live each day to the fullest!! :)
hahaha! Love it!
#Casino dealers do truly mean well but, man, so many of them give players horrible advice!
Q: Are there any programs that you can talk about that we'll be seeing in upcoming seasons?
. guess I can rest easy tonight
but did you check out that Handahan bobble head? WOW!
My R.O.D Took Care Of Business!!
Made it to Melbourne! Got my boarding pass next to Bradley Cooper and shared a plane with Bon Iver. My feet hurt. Fin.
oh, man....sorry for that--yuk!
OMG. You are great guy? And.. belieber too? hhe.
just finshed hiting them books time to hit them sheets fly or die <CAKE RESIDUE>
Presentation done!!!
If she is performing and I will need to get a ticket to #bonnaroo and our own RV.
let me know if you're looking for testers!
David Guetta is my hero.
no worries! Is really fun! I have class tomorrow.
Eenie meenie miny moe, caught u cheating with tht hoe. U tried lying to my face, think again, u've just been replace xD
El Cajon city council to consider outdoor vending machines such as Red Box in the city... only three citizens here for the public hearing!
“: Im the first with the BSHU Torrey Smith tattoo though!!!!” We're not giving those away!!
Hey you coming to Crank Up The Cause on Thursday? says it won't be the same w/o you.
I find that people are overwhelmed and even with encouragement, don't seek out info on their own. They want it delivered.
I got this one teacher trying to make our regular quiz 60 questions long
At #tff Mr. B slams the DoE for not allowing his chorus to sing for the #president of the united states.
wanna snugg :D
The nicest thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. - Ken Olsen
Are you Rachel Maddow's little retarded sister?
bacon and pergoies for breakfast ? bout it bout it
RT : Finally the first baseball practice //AWESOME!!! Have a blast!
REALLY!? That's an illusion lol. I like it because it's creepy but they are pretty witty too. Oh, and I really want his car!
Finally got that mOjito ;-)
done deal. Tell Moms hello for me!
which phone?
Raise the Roof, national rebuilding day this Saturday, April 28th. Who's in?
Big series win for the Orioles. Roughed up James Shields in a losing effort today..impressive
At leastt we still won!!!!! Now lets do it again!!!!!
Its hot!! Water fight!
:) thank you!
zillow (also awesome app for smartphone)
- how do I get someone to pay me to tweet? I promise I'll mind my p's and q's... :-)
Getting ready while Maddy's napping. Today should be fun! :)
where do I go to apply to be a "test dummy"!! Lol
Success is getting what you want, and happiness wants what you get.
West Virginia this weekend ! Can't wait : )
congrats! I want to try one of these days.
But the initiative to stop bullying has been effective - if properly done- but it will never truly go away.
God has already made the way for you!!
#Imagine You:''What's your biggest dream?'' Harry:"Marry the girl I love with my life, heart & soul.'' You:''Who?'' Harry:"You! Who else?''
I KEEP MISSING you at equinox. I swear... sounds like Ojai was amazing! Hugs.
I haven't been able to get onto tumblr, I'm really sorry but its just not working whenever I try load it, I might be missing a
- Thanks for the !!
Last chance to sign up for classes for this coming session. Classes start next week! Space in Aerial Basics!! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
The awkward moment when you watch Bridesmaids with your mom and the first scene is a sex scene.....
Also, thanks for all the feedback! The response has been overwhelming. Glad to have so many passionate fans & customers. We're very lucky.
I do, u just don't understand how I could understand
“: My favorite time to watch tv is when I'm listening to music. Suckit.” agreed!!
Ok i will
I got released to free agency they have nothing to worry about lol
Fuck I hate loud people
ATTENTION WORLD: COME TO SAINTS AND SINNERS TONIGHT AND CELEBRATE THE ANNIVERSARY OF MY CREATION!
Think you are in safe territory and then - BAM! - image of enslaved man tied to tree, being whipped.
Never discourage anyone... who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. Plato
i love eminem (((:
"I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve." 2 Games in LA.
There's no one on the beach but us, and this family that sat 2 yards away from us. If we get up and move, we'll look like assholes.
Whether you agree with his personal life or not, I've always thought #Kobe gets it done. Appreciate that toughness.
1.1 million plastic bags wasted yearly in the US. Try reusable grocery bags to help save our planet.
follow me ?)
What is the cutting edge price?
“Danger of hardening your heart is that you cannot hear His voice anymore. God doesn't speak to your ear, He speaks to your heart." -Cymbala
Chris Paul is a Clipper. Maybe they'll actually sell out games now.
Boarding plane to Havana. Will be back Saturday..Cheers.
the bottom of my feet hurts aha
Winners of 2011-12 Maryland Black-Eyed Susan announced this evening. I went to the ceremony!
yeah for sure me too ill get on that right now
I'm so proud of u rolanda! I know your gonna be a great mamma! :)
It sure has! Awesome speakers and great insights at this year's #sdsms. Already can't wait till next year!
gonna have to make up for that tomm night lol
I did! Thank you!!
MY Jew!
oh thanks, thanks, lol :)
Getting ready to have fun
Happy Birthday ! Have an awesome day!
#FireDanODowd needs to be trending 24/7 in Denver if we are ever going to have a winning club.
RT Stop the cynically-named JOBS Act
Going to pick up my ticket for today game jets vs Miami
Are you a very jealous and insecure person? What's up with the hate?
Don't give up, it will get better.
Still working on it bruh... Been swamped all week with sessions. Gotcha as soon as I'm finished with it!
thanks Matt! Appreciate it :)
um excuse me...who you talking to?
I must say, the short films in House&Home at are kind of a parody of themselves. Like "Dwell" animated.
there was a place selling die-cut leather a few years ago. Maybe check eBay?
haha, my mom semi knows how to work it, but if my dad got on it, he would be hollering for me to come & help him
The Man of Steel will welcome travelers of the caped and non-caped variety to the Cleveland Hopkins International Airport...
Had Her Hittin' Them High Notes With No AutoTune !!
good glad to hear. Keep workin hard.
thats the point, duh. come see me so we can lay in bed and watch Roseanne reruns! Any TamTam advice on a sinus headache?
Hopefully the #Brewers just blow them out and we can all get to bed at a reasonable time this week.
are you playing artomatic? We can't wait to rock it out with you in a few weeks. I'm loving the songs on myspace.
When buying a home there will be other expenses to consider, like what tools will be needed to maintain your lawn
#3WordsForYou Hop off bitch
Why I stopped making videos: jk Im starting again next week
Bliss blog » Blog Archive » Schwinn tourist hybrid bike specs - schwinn tourist hybrid bike
RT: : Fuck a New Years Kiss , I rather have a New Years Drink ! (;
Dear Python: How do you make programming so easy and so much fun? I think I love you. Do you love me, too? Y/N (circle one) Love, Rob
Yes it is obvious Have fun
At the #americanmusicawards press conference
Is it Friday? Is this April? Is it 2012?
lookin forward to having u in the big apple for 8 crazy nights!! :)
What a sweet picture!
wu tang is still where it's at. I can't stand the new shit.
#whosgonnalose - Oakland at Denver - Oakland will lose
hi. i'm here, i'm excited.
Me too! RT: The ladies supporting are so amazing. Honored to stand with such a fantastic group of Wisconsin women.
me too.
Love these Cub Scout free for alls. It's like Lord of the Flies in the church social hall.
...they pass it around the perimeter for the first minute EVERY time! They hardly ever force the PK to collapse! SHOOT IT!
I have a computer, a vibrator, & pizza delivery. Why should I leave the house?
Here's to another perfect day in Southern California
Thanks for the reply! It worked today, so all it good.
Thanks for making up my mind. I'll do it tomorrow. Won't be home until 6 or so. Guessing the rain will be here by then.
...and a wheel is put back on
Finally, the sun has made an appearance in
Watching I love baseball so much <3
Ian's in Canada, Mo's in Vegas, Joseph and Evan in Brooklyn. The Angel's Share is out in the wild. Give it some lovey dove.
Just met with one of our wonderful pop up shop owners. We can't wait to help her open her shop doors on May 18th!
Haven a good day with the family
can we please hang out when everyone comes back home?!
I wish I could sing so I could upload a video on Facebook like all my friends of me singing but I sound like a dying horse. Lmfao ugh
ALMS: Extreme Speed Motorsports Mid-Ohio Race Report: The sun shone brightly over the black and green muscle machines of the 01 and 0...
I just finished a 6.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Follow me at
I mean do you tip your barber after he finishes cutting your hair?
Please pray for the Chavez family who have lost a loved one on yesterday to senseless gang violence in Chicago...
was #SGU's last episode this Monday? Or are there more to come for the next few days ahead?
There is an open house & bake sale at tomorrow noon-4; no calories when it benefits charity! Cheat w/o guilt!
Happy Halloween everybody!!!!!
No exciting photos today, but I did take a nap in the sun on my porch only to be woken up by a deer walking by. Spring weather=bright mood
I'm beyond livid...this is no laughing matter
Your #Express tote in this week's Finds of the Week is a hit! We've had people ask for a link to buy. Can you help?
's following ME? :o thank you! (:
thx. Wow she was leading 4-1 and still lost that set - (not good)
I just think it looks unprofessional.
Just tried to teach my dog how to howl
OMG, I get to go into Mommy's work!!!!!!
Is Michigan State playing Michigan U tonight at the Joe Louis Arena?
glad to have you with us :)
Figured out that I now go up and down seven flights of stairs 4x/week in addition to walking with my normal #commute. Not joining a
Check your inbox silly! We think you'll be pleasantly surprised!
Stupid Scumbags! I had a brother who died from Down Syndrome, I hope the Lord punishes you BOTH!!!
Thanks for getting the word out about all this,
Fucking idiot lineman son was way offsides
omg see I knew it I'm so smart. Lol jk.
And thank you for helping us track it down! Enjoy Sundance! /cc
There once was a girl from Nantucket...oh yeah...FCC rules.
I should go fly a kite with this crazy wind.XD
Flacco F's up every year when he plays the steelers
what a great asset to have in a small community.
I have given up my Cathar beliefs.
"upgrades"… more like "ugh-grades"… good things coming soon though…
Monticello is so beautiful...
drop the 'E' on Xcel.
Its Rick Santorum's Birthday Thursday! For your Birthday this year the President got you Gay Marriage!
Depends how old the Mini Van is and I guess how long the guy has been living in his mom's basement.
Somebody txt me! I'm wide awake and bored.
omg! Nice LMAO!
Much deserved! Thank you for the mention!
my phone died hours ago and I just got home, text you in the am cuz, awesome day!
so happy for you old friend that you have found your ever after. Love you and to pieces. Happy Wedding Day!
Hello Brother! Lately, my arms have been fatigued from hand sanding a houseful of doors; up & down stairs a lot also
It's hard to have faith in the goodness of the American people, then I remember that I am good, which means there are others who are too. ♥
Are you looking to donate? I know of a pantry that desperately needs food!
oh sorry I will repost it
#WhatAWomanNeeds is a real nigga that want just more than sex
OMG I just had tthe craziest dream dude :-)
infeild at a rams vs colts fottball game
Google drive: similar to Dropbox but not as good yet. #CRSweb”
Honored and humbled!
I bet you'll never guess what just happened in the blazers game with 30 seconds left at a tie score. NEVER guess.
Pretty nice sounding car stereo from his tricked out car, lmao! That was too funny and kinda sad lol!
If you know you bad, don't need no man, got your own brands put up yo hands, IF YOU A TOP KNOTCH BITCH, Lemme hear ya holler! ;)
I'll come get that #BradleySpecial on saturday bro. Lol
I don't go nuts for Untappd badges. The app benefits me in terms of letting readers know what I'm drinking and my thoughts on a
Heartburn...doritos...farting when I laugh...looking for cupcakes...personal piggy Sunday...
You are classless but predictable in your snarky comments about Brietbart. Thank you for keeping the bar of civility low
I do not have ADHD - I have advanced multitasking skills!!
RT : LIKE TO SEE ME....i would love to see you. You are a beautiful spirit with a beautiful voice.
Live footage of Maradona's reactions to action on the field during big games = almost as entertaining as the actual game
Solid Red Oak #2 common hardwood flooring with Installation and Finish $4.00/SF Everything Included!!! No Gimmicks! Just low prices on qu
Finally getting to check out live. The earnestness of their rocking Is so awesome! Don't trust anyone over 30.
Well California, it's been real.
Thanks for the mention.
Top Shelf Whiskey Taste is tonight at Samba! Come out and taste some great (expensive) whiskeys!!
Shut up and just kiss me already<3 💜
I do wonder how many Universities with a known connection to slavery hide it just to avoid talking about it?
idt he wants me :(
Man do ya'll realize that in a few years there going to have concrets that people will pay to see of dead artist...smh
Might explain their stock price...
RT : To the rejected, despised, overlooked, scared, unwanted - WE are your friends, your advocates, your defense. WE are
My new bright yellow skinny jeans will be my sunshine this morning. Yup. Yellow, Day 2. I don't even know me anymore! :)
