you are so smart, I had to Google your reference :)
HOT WEATHER in Philly this weekend and HOT ENTERTAINMENT too! Check out our full listing.
All deserved. RT : Wes Welker will get paid $139,706 per quarter this season.
That's more like it.
ya boy stewart is doin it up for the yanks tonight!!
Mortgage stocks on Tuesday posted gains as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose almost 300 points, and the yield on the rate.
Cuzo you up
nothin much been really busy
Brianna Decker just awarded the 2012 Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award
#beatles rule Three Americal Idol songs.... Sgt. Pepper always wins.
you are so cute !!
What would you like to know more about? We want to know!
.. : " I want to go to nashville and stalk taylor swift..and her cat!" LMFAO :D
Listening to my grandad tell stories from his glory days at tech #dearlord... #liveditup!
Goodbye west Memphis!
thanks my man. So much fun tonight!!
imma call right now..
#CincoDeMayo Is such a gringo holiday. we dont even celebrate it hahah
An etiquette writer of the 1840's advised, "Ladies may wipe their lips on the tablecloth, but not blow their noses on it."
true that
I've heard too many good things about that book to think that'll be necessary. Nice visual though.
GOTDAMN I BURNT MY TONGUE.
Excited to support and listen to sets by + Tiger & Woods tonight.
I still can't believe that shit!
Sad considering just came home frm winning road trip so early in season .5 games out of 1st. Angelos sux but players deserve better.
Keep trying and you will!
My high school coach gave more constructive advice than Vinny does during a timeout. "Try hard! Rebound! Score!" ugh
Using Crowds to Find the Missing
I'll bring some heat right over...
3 more days of school!! :D
#realestate used to be our no. 1 industry we serviced, hasn't been the same since 2008. But now #mortgage is rising with HARP
When told, "You're overqualified for this job," always respond, "No problem: I already planned on performing a half-assed job."
Let's see how literary-nerdy the people who see my 10am tweets are: does anyone have a favorite long-form poem? A Victorian one?
Someone at the next table in this Ohio restaurant just mentioned !
And, I just got buttdialed by said friend. "What the hell is that?! Oh, someone's actually calling me! Hello? Hell? Oh, nevermind."
For those of you who may have missed it, I've got an interesting poll question on my consulting site. The answer might surprise you....
Going to Chicago Friday don't know if I'm staying or leaving again hm hard decision
/ thanks for the FF love!
#OWS | Since there were no jobs bills & no jobs that the RW 1% politicans produced, why not bring up the important Reverend issue again?
is keeping a log of how many times reporters, anchors and fans describe Jackson's funeral as "surreal." Such an overused word.
he's so tiny :)
RT Once an #Aquarius decides what they want, they’ll do everything in their power to achieve it
James, Glad you liked the podcast. Only note from my wife: "Just talk a little less next time". Can't win 'em all
A very happy birthday to the one I love..
hey whats up :-)
If she wanna fuck aint no way around it!
It would be a treat to see NFL explain to the London franchise that it's playing a Thursday night game in SD though
Going to listen to rebelution non stop all day
When will we know the name of All Time Low's new album? Omfg sobs
just waking up from my nap ... i ain't know it was this late.
Harvard Sq: We have Apple-Cinnamon AND Cinnamon-Peanut Butter flavors! Yes, it's double the cinnamon. Try it with our homemade toppings!
She never let me hit, she gave me dome twice. She blowing up my phone, that’s that bitch I don’t like..
So...I'm running all 24hrs of the #AmericanCancerSociety 24hr relay from 9am Sat to 9am Sun in Poway, CA &...
im still in my uniform, beat that
Awake got canceled so I think it's fitting that I now go to sleep FOREVER
Lots of "Recall Walker" signs on lawns around Milwaukee. Would love to see Tom Barrett take his seat!
I'd be happy with 30 <= 30. For another couple of weeks anyway.
#procrastinatewithhcwakeforest today,because everyone needs a study break!
R.I.P. RESSIE CUP I LOVE YU!!!
nothing better than hanging up after ordering dinner and knowing that what u asked for will be completely different from what u actually get
Good night world and all who may dwell upon it, I wish you all pleasent dreams and a wonderful tomorrow
ohh shit next period I have to take the re take for geometry I forgot about that ... ugh
Love the new breakfast option, but went at 11:15 and staff said it was over. Web site says served until noon. Which is it?
im pretty sure you have a vagina
#tomcrean doing big things at IU
“ < thank you #myfavoriteauntie!!”
Heading over to Starbucks in a bit for a Lost Paws meeting... Bring on the Matcha!
- unlikely for these two power house
I should really do some shopping today, since that's my lucky number. RT Christmas is just 33 days away!!
winter is here; only cold clothing; vegan eating and more at www.susanefine.com
It looks like we now have 500+ fans! Thanks again, everyone! Stay tuned for free giveaways~
RT : make it nasty drop drop it on the floor make it nasty! omg haha x)
From Dark Pages photos are in! This one's my favorite. Thank you Jennifer Parker!...
Enjoying Falafel King with Gyros forever!
Did u really just say "DORK"? -.-
I do research & lesson planning when I need to, but something about grading - we're in a complicated relationship.
Thanks for the birthday wishes :) love all you guys!!
There you are!!! Soo slow haha
is almost back to normal now that I'm back in #MKE . Who wants to play? You might get to meet my puppy!
Join in uniting a million voices to improve the future of biking. Sign the Pledge. I did. Ride On!
What's Sunday morning without the morning sermon from the right Rev. ?
Im with Craig Campbell at ddb
Refs are acting up right now
I have a 119" HD projector/theatre i built in my basement. Xbox, sporting, and chiefs in clear hd baby!!
These are codes that require a chart or computer program to translate the blind code to a bitting code
Just landed in Miami and had a healthy lunch of chicken avocado salad and beet carrot juice, yummy!
That's awesome. Can you send me the link? I knew had an ace up his sleeve.
idek wht to do anymore i done tried everythin in da book
New Zimmerman lawyer is lawyer-ry and is behaving in a lawyer-ly fashion.
In honor of Earth Day, follow the folks : They do great work helping turn vacant BK lots into community gardens!
he didn't notice you were under the influence?
i got a hair cut today i look so pretty!!!!
..lock the memories in a box & move on!! :)
Can't wait to see one of my best friends today..it's been to long
Happy Monday and #YPWeek Excited to join in the Streetcar discussion tonight!
Ok, it was Mickey! Thanks
Tequila makes her clothes fall off. ;)
yay! Need to plan a night. Might have to be after the new year though.
Are we gonna get another #DieHard movie? Hoping so man.
i wake up and i listen to #thatislove and it always brings joy to me. AND today its my birthday!! :) <3
Testing tomorrow... I should get some sleep but this movie is good!
LOL! “: Ugh, after months creating Jade-based content, I'm sick of myself! Off to gym to sweat it out, bare-faced & bandana'd!”
"girls chase me like they think my #dick is Justin Bieber"
I really need to start arranging more -_-"
Now here's a new Web site that could challenge the OED for supremacy in the dictionary department. Remember Wordnik.com, the next Twitter.
That's a shame. Maybe I'll do it for you. No one is dragging me out tonight...
I hate haters -___-
sunny on one side of the house, hailing on the other side
hahaha km.all excited.now. lil I'll ask my mom to take me tomorrow now haha
Getting used to #Google+
I ain't really tryina be that rapper that talks about hoes.. It just comes naturally at times though
Don't forget to follow & a 14 yr old Broadway actress, singer, SESAC songwriter, composer, arranger & producer
Why is it so cold outside?
Big non-story: Everything that "The Hunger Games" supposedly "rips off" is itself a derivative of lots of other stuff.
Hates taking notes over a movie that is gay..
Thank you for the follow, Mark !
My influence is clearly spreading. Just think of all the wonders of pedantry!
Just watched a guy drink an entire bottle of jäger in under 30 seconds. Oh my god.
This love's gonna keep going, it ain't going slow, it's non-stop
hello Laura! Thats great! I'm doing the same thing what school do you go?
"Proceed to party!" ;)
Passover/Easter brunch was amazing!!!
If I had a dollar for everytime I wanted to write a job description like that. LOL
Did you know? The Southern California Spine Institute accepts most insurance plans, including workers’ compensation.
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie. Also, a lil worried about DB's number of guys gone.
Is very happy that is so lucky & won a free burrito for me to eat for lunch! Win us a vacation next please!
yea i know:p it was in the 2nd floor in the library o.O
Willaim Shatner's, "Moving America Foward," show awarding Project Lifesaver International will be airing on June 23rd.
Can't wait to see you in LA..bought tix for the show at Nokia Center.
yeah no.... If your there ma dog would bite yew lol
Back to school. Im so tired
craaaaaazyyyyyyy car you lead me no where.
Good night yesterday mavis out the playoffs n Mayweather won last night
Connecticut becomes the 17th state to legalize medical marijuana. Hopefully in the future, it will be fully legal, taxed, and regulated.
Up to 23% of votes in District C, but the percentages haven't changed much. Cohen supporters seem confident.
RT “: Liveola sentenced to 18 years behind bars. He will be eligible for parole in 6 years. #FreeLiveola”
I woulda told you if you asked. Facials are still awesome though.
they good to we all just be chillin out and shit kids bad as hell lol but you back in va?
interesting thought. Sadly "sports agent" does have some negative stigma in some circles. What are your rebranding thoughts?
That's awesome! LOL
The person I would most like to live next to is __________.
Have a great time, ! I'm afraid I'll miss it too - hubby's birthday dinner. Miss u all!
listenin to music :)
our new production studio is now open in Oakland - double the space of our San Francisco operation - 510-338-6160 • www.eco-framing.com
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
how many days until I can ski?
we were babes backk in the day!!
aye girl, what are you doing tonight?
who are u
Apparently New Jersey football teams thought this was a bye week...
Hey Seen It & I'm Sorry You Had To Play That Part I Know How It Feels To Lose A Baby.. You Are Very Strong To Do The Part...
Alex never lied about having a girl and cheatin. You can't compare dirty to clean
Jersey Shore time!
its really funny have you seen american pie or bandcamp ? its like those rwo movies
Hey Mama J! I'm working on my vocals, hopefully I'll work with you someday
I Hate when people cut me off
Gotta be Slaughterhouse
Love 5by5.tv :-)
A dresser, small table and desk chair. :)
same here. round/day2 at the DMV today "/ ..i need a DMV hook up lol
My admiration! Sending a bottle of multi-vits your way!
My dear cat doesn't like me to sleep past 5.30. She wants me awake and downstairs to watch her eat and listen to her use the litter box.
I would say that is a Ruger 22 cal, semi automatic pistol!
Correction: They put my Freshman Aspie in with a class of Seniors. He asked them if they were SEXY SENIOR CITIZENS.
RT : Perfection is not a destination, it is a process. Be tireless in your pursuit of your calling. Work at it.
Best: trading Wallace to create playing time for Batum. Worst: having to watch Felton for the rest of the season
sorry for the late reply. Producers and directors can submit their films and at the website there are more dets on eligibility
Next frontier in North American #sportsbiz - jersey sponsorships. I'm a traditionalist and opposed, but revenue potential is hard to ignore.
Carouse and Supply special moves ... yes, but they're not as solid as Hit the Street.
Mnemonic to remember the heads on Mount Rushmore - "We Just Like Rushmore" Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, Roosevelt.
Amen RT: Thank you
When is the Huffington Post changing their name to the Obama for Re-Election Post? At least they didn't put a rainbow halo on his head->
spring break Suckas !
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist. ~Albert Einstein
and Reggie Wayne have you heard about the latest on Peyton maybe a broncos that's the latest
This is me, literally, begging for your attention/affection.
f4f? #teamfollowback Have a GREAT weekend!
31 degrees outside. 60 in my room !!!'
Let's talk about you and me ... ❤
Words of Wine Wisdom: "If food is the body of good living, wine is its soul." ~ Clifton Fadiman
Are you a #Bikram yogini? I've been practicing for 8 months. I feel great!
listening to audio about scaling your business by outsourcing. great stuff!!
Hurrah! One last hectic, frenetic day at work, and then it's off to the Spring meeting!
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1. - Warren Buffett
It is finished, He has done it. Life conquered death. Jesus Christ has won it!
Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there
happy birthday and slow hand clapton
Gr8! Thx so much for the info :) Will check out.
Making phresh beatz with Do work, get money, do damage.
I know how Samantha Brick feels; I too labor under the terrible strain for being far too not-average-looking.
Filner says he brought best superintendent we've had in San Diego, gaslamp plan, balboa park plan.
You just look and sound soo sweet but your not are you -___-
I wonder if they've bothered to gloatingly announce the respective temps of MPLS and FtMyers before Twins Spring Training games this week.
Manatt Phelps & Phillips entertainment litigation co-chair is going to Loeb & Loeb in LA.
Basically She Said Something Slick,When Her And Dee Was On The Phone She Told Her She Was Gone Try And Fight Me The Next Day.
&amp;' My Ass Right In The House
So, you say you're a horse lover who loves sports. Are you going to the Ky Derby this year?
I cried when ryan dunn died! :(
yeah i know haha and whenever u want
Had the best time announcing at the Christmas Parade! Thanks 4 inviting me to be part of it! Stay tuned 4 times to watch on TV.
that's not why.
haha(: I have more followers than you :P #Winning.!
are we doing lunch? or did plans go astray?
Good thought. I'll have to remember that.
I always love Sunday evenings until I realize that tomorrow is Monday...
on plane to san jose. meetings at google this week. GAN conference.
haha am growing up that's why lol & really thanks fo' letting me know, don't let her fall asleep am gonna call her at 12 lol
are performing entire set of new songs !
Great meeting you today, Love the "5th wave" concept!
Good morning, ! Study hard and stay dry!
calling me fat bitch 😡
do you have any more do you mind if i post them up
where's that?
they look like two straight lines D: haha thank you though
boo ya. Yeah Jeff, she's a big girl!
When they kmin out with that Bentley truck ?? Lol
hey thanks for visting as we are a BLOCK from Zuccoti Park
So hungry and so gladys mommy came home to make some
Floyd Mayweather shoud use some of those millions and look his boy Al Marshall Up for some Fine Homes & Estates befor his fight. Win Win Win
#Groupon is on Ellen on 09/15! We r looking to feature great things to do in #North #AL. Anyone want national exposure? RT Please! THX!!
I finally fit into my camo pants!!! My goal has been reached, I'm skinny again!
"you don't have to cut your wrists." what the actual fuck are these 10 year olds talking about...
ok. please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll help get billing name and equip corrected for you
grow the fuck up.
Game against Houston.
Film review: &#39;Marley&#39; documentary captures icon of reggae
lights are out in the office today. little cave is not helping me to stay awake... Into the Light Carol Anne to the rescue!
RT : The energy of the crowd will never exceed the energy of the stage.
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions. -Dalai Lama
Is it bred into all white ppls DNA that when we see#WeWontWork is a tending topic we automatically think it was a motto started by black ppl
Hawkeye! RT : Ironman or Hulk? How about Thor? May have to go see the #Avengers again this weekend...
sorry to hear that Mel, best wishes to you and your family.
My goal this year is to make 25-50% as much more money than I made last year!!! I'm a got getta by any means!!!
we work off an Excel template, since our projects vary from video to iPad apps (and stuff in between). More flexibilty that way.
And what exactly is your idea of bad weather? lol
>>I don't know that answer sir..I speak what I know..what u think?
Happy birthday remember its your day dont let anyone tell you otherwise. Enjoy and be safe
Fed-ex's packing peanuts are to die for ;)
"Think as big as you like but talk and act smaller"-Alexander Durtka. Fav. quote from great WEDA conf in WI.
": These weekends are teasing me... #10moredays #summersummersummer"
first rehearsal went amazingly well!
Facing deadline pressure today, while taking care of a sick child. Hope you're making the most of your day.
Kennedy: guv's defense is that all maps have partisan bias and other plaintiffs were unwilling to work with the Judge.
So, OU softball won, Barons won, UCO softball going to the World series. Good day for Oklahoma sports.
bout hit up da gym yo...class was long af today.
Somebody come see me at work!
Food poisoning....I'm #dead uuuuggghhhh Been puking up my life since Saturday! FML
Don't forget Matt Millen in your list of awful administration/commentators. No need to commit a crime of omission.
text me c;
Hammond "don't look at team as broke. Holes that need to be filled."
I wonder if the Southwest people knew who Billie Joe Armstrong was when they kicked him off the flight for baggy pants.
Donate a pair of closed-toe, work appropriate shoes and get 30% off a single pair of new shoes at Sabot this weekend. Starts tomorrow.
looks like is
How did the beard turn out?
lmao! Idk how you've lived w/out it!! “: I`m going to install Adobe Reader just for you lol !!!”
Bonjour! I love your Twitter app Plume for #Android. C'est magnifique!
Average visual arts funding cuts due to NCLB = 30%
Thanks for listening! And no better time to play basketball than during March in Indiana :-)
What's the point of smoking cigarets?
Women's tennis beats Seton Hall 4-0 in Big East Tourney, moves on to play DePaul at 12 today. Men's matchup vs. Louisville already underway.
public wifi FAIL!!! I had a micromeltdown and ended up using my phone. So much for preloaded pix
I bleed cherry koolaid bitch :-)
See ya there!
I wish would follow me D:
lol. Hope all is going well for you, have a great week Zach.
Wow lots of people for can mobile be social panel. Awesome!
: I just checked a book out at UNLV for thesis research and discovered notes written in ink. In Chinese.
recipe for that soup w/ chocolate???
i hate hearin about corrupt cops that shot 1st and ask question later. They didnt have 2 do shawdy like that
British headlines always leave me wondering if I am supposed to laugh or not.
Bil Hall hits a home run in his first game with the #Orioles. 5-3 in the eighth over #Rays. First homer since May 14, 2011.
Likes LA much better than Miami. Much.
My grand twitterplan for #AsiaTrinity Tour foiled by a dead iPad on day three. Ugh!
Yumm I want some food
Watching my cats on the DVR. Watching a UK beat down without commercials, priceless.
should have the t-shirt that says: "Don't MAKE me make you ask your heart." Cuz she said that & she loves fiercely.
RT : What takes more effort... Hitting me back or coming up with a lie for why you didn't?
Always share the credit, take the blame
the Epic Poker value prop centered on the freeroll. start-up capital plan should take you to that point regardless of BF
will discuss Indiana Education on Fox59 at 4:30. Tune in!
I'm real. I checked.
RT : Come visit the best of the best!! the best gym in LA!! Marina Del Rey Grand Opening April 16th!!
Rule #1 of UX: ship a bug-free product that's fast.
Just so outstanding! Loved it.
We have the burgers, we have the seating, we even have the desert. The only thing missing is you! And possibly beer...
I'm a rappin ass nigga....N i still be in da hood
OMG !!! thank u so much :) for following me :O I cant believe :O OMG !!! I scream !!! : thank u so much :D
good night my #beliebers and and remember to
MLK Streets Project is excited to be on radar. From DC to Dakar: 2013.
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm really quiet. Not shy, just a quiet person.
are y'all getting them in stock tho
We're headed there tomorrow, just finished TFL today... Your pics/posts are great, thanks! (from a fellow DC'er)
when I get home in a little while I can send it to you.
But if you scared go to church open Sunday...
oh hey I met some ucsd people who know you at a wedding last week, we both said "do you know Declan?" at the same time
#FREEFORTE RT : Congrats to Rosenhaus Sports client Lance Briggs on his contract extension. Well deserved Lance! Classy mo..
was right about ...excellent customer service today; great meal and atmosphere...: )
watching tv and downloading music , why the sad face?
omg! me and my sisters and grandma are trapped in the storm!! it came out of no where!!! ah!!!!!!
My nerves are shot!!
i have my dress, my shoes, my accessories, um i still need my mask lol
Dream BIG, and greater things come your way! :-)
*Local 19 Members* Special order of business meeting at the Union Hall tonight. Please try to attend.
Happy 10th birthday to ! Best student org in (Yes, I am completely biased ;)
It's a JOHN CARTER level of marketing incompetence. Really weird. So's the movie, but still. (2/2)
Thanks! When no one else - including myself - believed in me, you did without hesitation!! #ToGiveIsToGet RT
I think if I listened to the sigur ros song "festival" over and over for a year I would feel something different every time.
Hi Gail, are you back in town? woudl love to get in touch.
I m a good cook. Who would have thought! Lol
OMG! They sound REALLY GOOD! I didn't think they would sound this good!!! REALLY GOOD!!!
“: The percentages displayed on tonight's result slide were not accurate. The actual margin was 53-47. #gwu”
just tossed a mouse to my snake. snake is trying *very hard* to kill his *fake* plant.
No problem, and it's not too bad down here...ha.
Looking more and more like NJ might get a much-needed soaking rain this weekend. Highest potential Sun-Mon
Have you thought about working with Jack to add functionality to Vooba rather than starting from scratch?
I am glad I did not open that link in front of my cat. The last thing I need is for him to get ideas.
that's what I'm taking about, Big Blue Everything!
Welcome to Mizzou!
#YouGetPoints if you're a Dork!
Just waking up. Feel good being back home in Mississippi
What I expect to see when I turn on the lights of a dark room: 80% A Murderer 29% A Robber 1% A room with nobody in it
Hardly...just because I wear bow ties and talk fashion doesn't make me anything close to Brad.
thank you!
Thanks to all our new followers! Ask your #manta businesses to follow us and like us on Facebook!! We appreciate it!!!
i know right!me too!
ill give you an ass whooping!
# QuestionsIHateBeingAsked who u with.do u miss me. Wat u doin after graduation
Aye 7 dollar haircuts
while you droolin over her, SHE DROOLIN ON ME!! LMMFAO
RT : What a great Friday with partners in our coalition! #INtransit will press forward with greater momentum and organization.
what it do 
you were pretty high on my list but you're crashing impressively right now.
I should be on a cloud panel right now but instead I am fighting the evil Parallels VM gods...for my sessions tomorrow...sorry guys...LAME
I usually dress up for New Years Eve but this year is downright ridiculous: Hot pink fringed shiny western shirt. Pumped. Favorite holiday.
lol whatever works!
Looking for advice on a simple low cost or free web enabled database or #CRM shared by 20+ offices across USA to track #cre lender contacts
I'm just hyperventilating
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
Bout Time! RT : #Tigers announced after game they have released Brandon Inge, and recalled Brad Eldred from Toledo.
ur lucky that u gettin ur braces of 2mm I'm gettin them on pretty soon
Whoop ass season has begun MIAMI HEAT all day
when are we going to go tan today?
What's everyone up to this weekend?
My ooh-shiny-object-ADD seems to be in overdrive today.
"Never Give Up"
Mr. President,what is your position on North Korea and their firing of rocket carrying a satellite into space?
My mom is on a twitter rampage!!!
#fuckedup its better that way now-days
a teacher can play a critical role when influencing the student to develop his or her talent. Qualified teachers = better students.
Know someone who owns a sweet-shop that can make Zipster treats? A cupcake w/a green Z on top, a donut frosted w/MINI Misfit, etc... DM us!
Thank you for the sound advice lol
A day like today can only be fixed by #diving, or wine, or tacos, or all the above.
2 months coffee free and just stopped by a Nutella latte.This stuff is like crack, but I can stop anytime I want. Really.
Loving the #SpinalTap references on #DWTS! Rock & roll!!
The best part of today: my nose appears to have quit running after nearly a month of allergy induced torture.
World Cup dream is over for Sinbad
Do you ever go to library conferences? BTW- this is long lost Jordan from Valpo...
Thanks for the #FF shoutout - have a great weekend
thank you for following me. Good luck with your cadidacy for ED.D, docprov
you don't need a dress to look pretty<3
Thanks for your candor about the red on Gonzalez. Much appreciated.
You should have told me to go with you. We would have made a cute couple, Brian.
RT : scaring the children with tonight at
T2: Let me rephrase: providers can provide ACO patients with info that will help them improve their health
#Apartments for rent all over greater Houston. Pick of the litter!
9am and mum's making me get up to go to the shops
hope you are on watch! Last six batters, six K's
#blackparentsquotes I'm too old a damn hog to called a pig.
My ears are ringing so bad today. Tinnitus sucks. :(
In the car with my brother...no fights... Yet ...>:) lol mischievous feeling coming on...
Late night of coding and QA finally done! Hopefully the #Broncos have a new QB when I wake up!
NBC: Plane took off this morning from Slidell, LA, enroute to Sarasota, FL - pilot now reported incapacitated
Senior Appreciation at Rivcity!
Thanks for coming! #fordla At the for 's noGOODdeed. Already loving the scenic design.
Anyone else not liking the #newtwitter ?!
i didn't tell you to get on twitter.. to do all of that....
he ain't got no one to throw to like he did at OK State/be prepared for 16 for 23 completion & 165 yards per game
I'd like to see their timeline
Love like you have never beem hurt <3
OMG guess who just followed me DoMiNiQuE!?!?!!!!!!
All expenses, nothing less than a receipt for my youth.
#Kings asst. equip mgr is son of #Coyotes equip mgr Stan Wilson - he does a wild dance after big wins to keep the boys loose, he says.
Hskxo sort of
heyy I clicked "find friends" on twitter & it told me I should follow you lol.
Glad you enjoyed our OBP2. Cheers!
If I do, I'll be so happy! I can hardly imagine it now :)
I want a tickets Por favor!!!
I want some effin chicken!!
proud of the #phillydrivers today actually. only took 45 minutes taking 76 CC to KOP
I love my fish 🐠
Grohl just cursed the machines. Right on, Grohl!!!
MAN CITY!!!
we dont like that fake #streetfix hash tagging, we the real the REAL #STREETFIXRADIO we see u ya'll drowning , we
No, you don't.
don't taunt and make it fall ,and use the 2 second rule, bless it hold it up to heaven, then... I still got some ice cream!
- That's my favorite too!! YUM
Who would honestly want #PennState head coaching job?
Can tell it's #MardiGras time in Nawlins based on the progressively incoherent phone messages from my friends there today
Go San Jose SHARKS!!!
Talent & scandal equally, absurdly, high for
By 2017, the CMOs IT spending Will be greater than the CIOs.
lol best part!!!! Other than "it's time to milk the cow!!"
sounds like u and have similar conflicts right now. Studying abroad was 1 of the #bestexperiences I ever had
can u get it?
Hey Everyone! Maybe you should take a half day today...the Auto Show starts at 1! :)
please follow your la Mahone crew!!!!!
hey jimi im trying to follow you but it's says forbidden
Its not the same with out you
I think I did C average work on my spanish presentation and my in class essay for poli sci.
Lost interest in Newstalk since Ivan Yates and Dunphy's departure
If Drewski is my waiter, I'm killing him and myself before anyone even figures out what's going on.
and I think a person, once a new yorker, always a new yorker.
Great (Alabama) Shakes #sxsw #kcrw day stage. Awesome show.
On my way to a bb hookup in Waikiki.
Sharing is the no. 1 thing makes someone want to tweet/blog about a presentation
yes sir it will all be there :)
yeah, I feel like crap! Definitely need to get back on track!
RT : Get Free #Video #Email Today. No Credit Card Needed. New Tool Everyone Must Have. Get Yours Free Today!...
Its 3:00 in the morning and im not even tired. What's wrong with me? Ha
Semolina Gnocchi with sweet potato, hazelnuts, hen of the woods, brown butter, and blue cheese!!!
“: It's better to know and be disappointed than to never know and always wonder.”
You just described me. To a T.
That's a first, but I guess there's a first time for everything.
"Damn that guy look like Rickey Martin!"
Thanks Chris, We appreciate it!! Can't wait to catch a few games this year.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Revenue is great, but PROFIT is better. So easy to forget this as an entrepreneur!
men win all the time
lmao im telling you bro he's just as funny as lavell. that part about michael jordan had me DYIN lol
Men, remember that when it comes to jeans, buy darker denim that fits well. Not up to your waist...not down on the ground.
RT : Hot 100 launches this Friday the 27th April , the talent is on fire!
ASKS: What has been one of your favorite PR campaigns of the last year?
RT : Man I'm ready to get to Florida with #2012isTheBeginning /// yessir!
I always get confused when people change avatars :)
Chicago Voices of Peace at the Illinois State Building Chicago on Saturday Guests Lupe Fiasco, Actor Harry Lennix and many more artists.
Thanks for your RT!
#Knicks lead Miami 40-36 at halftime. Could have, and should have been more.
Holy Crap! Giant hawk sitting on the birch right outside my window!
job interview
Everybody has been making fun of the way I talk all week. I hate having a
yeah, I would pick anywhere over vista. I hear it's like going to OC all over again. I would rather eat my own uterus. Lol
Visiting awesome space.Great design with workspace, connecting space, conf rooms, a cafe and over 300 members.
definitely. hard for me to denounce our microwave society when I participate in it daily.
PickUpLine: I'm not a slut I'm popular. Screw me and you can be the Big Man on Campus.
Hey, we heard that! :)
It's never as bad as you think. It always looks better in the morning.
was watchin channel 1 news today and ur song came on. started crying, screaming nd jumpin cuz i ws excited. got detention...
Kendall sings ‘Cover Girl’ to me every morning ;) It's my alarm..
has work. don't worry. we'll be fashionable, we'll be late, we'll be bringing patron.
Its earlier than that thang out chea
Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman has already pulled off one deal this month
I will make you a treat for when you come home. Lemon bars sound good?
How have homework routines worked for your ADHD child? What types of routines have you tried?
Hello Miami. treat me good tonight please :)
Never get ya feelins 2 caught up in a moment that won't last..!
definitely give it a try, it probably takes quite a bit more practice and finesse than when i worked with it, hehe. good luck!
Just told Ryan about my woobee :3 woobee = purple silky blanket.
Some noteworthy
Just left memorial service for former MGM CEO Terry Lanni. Coverage tonight at 10 and 11.
The soil says, "Do not bring me your need. Bring me your seed."
blonde girl probz? I haven't heard that one before
RT : Poll: Do you like Popchips? Yes, but some flavors more than others
Apparently the 1912 Red Sox moonlighted as house painters.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday.
I have too pee from excitement .
"For every pulse a thanksgiving, and for each breath a song". Friday Thanksgiving dinner is about to commence.
What do you think of artists switching careers? Does making art in one forum decrease your aptitude in another?
"I don't want you to go either😢" Then don't leave me! D; 😭
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. – Albert Einstein
agggh!!! I can't get into my lycos email account!!!!
Q: If you could have sex with any guy in the world, who will it be? Any one of the guys from one direction. Unf....
Just auditioned to be Rihanna's bodyguard for an Armani commercial. Some days are better than others...
Wow what a day of great workout and training sessions ! Time to raid my kitchen once more! Than relax and bed! Gym in the am !
you look so different! *whistles*
Thanks to and the morning crew for sporting some fantastic Goodwill sweaters this morning!
Friendship isn't a thing you learn in school.But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you haven't learned a thing. Muhammad Ali
When I got home tonight, I packed my suitcase like I was never coming back then laid it on top of my chest just to feel somebody's weight.
She and I are now going to meet monthly. Loads of cool possibilities. Gonna promo too. She's awesome.
Will send you a DM right now! =)
Have you ever seen the new issue of www.fromspainmagazine.com ? Take a look at the articles about , and resol!
this problem has haunted the Black community for decades, and now the Hispanic community. The reason for disrespect in both.
hey u said cross instead of criss. ya i hate auto correct on my phone, does it everytime. makes mine cross as well lol
Hey everyone this is my music page I had to make it separate from my personal to keep ya'll updated on different shows.
On the air with Israeli singer Aric Sinai on www.radiokolamerica.com
Just woke up. Now i'm gettin ready for school
I think I only have another new follower.. lol Hope u girls had a wonderful day. Lastnight was so much fun!!
BOOM. I closed the polls of Glendale. BOOM.
now there's no touch input, and when I press the power button once, it simply restarts.
#scottsdale friends: Please read up on your city council candidates! And be sure to vote. I support
Rebel America lands song placement with Canadian Film Company "MatchBox Pictures"
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people dont have respect for themselves
that simple smile of yours... made me fall deep into love <3
At Starlight, watching a Prairie Home Companion
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.” ― Maya Angelou
This question popped into mind and is now beginning to plague me: are virtues (particularly moral virtues) socially constructed?
That moment when you're about to make your weekly Sunday call home, and you remember your parents are on a cruise. Without you.
Just had some of the best oysters I've ever tried
#NowPlaying: Vinyl Grooves featuring our guest (actor/writer) #Luke Y. Thompson
Thank you for the follow. My event planning services are free for the next two months as I am building my portfolio.
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Ensemble/Collective nominees: New Dawn Theater Co & NE Atlanta Ballet - Good Luck!
Take a deep breath a get back to work...
Plan B playing some terrible mashups tonight.
enjoying the presentation about YouTube! Great tips!
u serious summer homework stupid schools(:
Xanax, O Xanax,where for art thou,Xanax?? No really.Where the fuck are you??
Glad you see it that way. But I'm talking about health-wise.
Just made a beat i really intended to sell but I gotta keep it to myself, writing to it now...lol
Jesus died just for HIM when , at least per the Bible, Jesus died for everyone. Not just Tebow
true if she hit first best believe its on like donkeykong but im not about to NOT walk.the stage for some punk ass girl
-sighs, hobbles away-
So, I'm ill today and my 2yo is home with me. Bad mom cuz she's been in tub for 25 min?
Awhh thank u
Had a great day hanging with wifey and the fam in Julian. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms.. Hope your day was full of love..
Miles loves !
#BoRyan is making a fool of himself on right now.
then i guess i better show up too!! ;)
are you still at the airport?i just got here too.
IUP Students: RT : Have you ever wanted to be an event planner? Apply for the summer Trade Show Coordinator Internship.
you don't know her anymore! She loves me now.
"i need a smart girl with a dumb booty" so this is what i've been doing wrong all these years.
eeeeewww why x:)
I'm going to punch the next person who calls me Indian.
He said I looked beautiful today >>> ☺😍☺
Still getting me.
Webinar: Our new partner will discuss the role lead nurturing plays in a successful marketing campaign bit.ly/qLaD4U
RT photo shoot with today to get promo images for upcoming performance at
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FOR JSUTIN
It's a me day - getting a trim and then off to find a pair of jeans that fit right. Fingers crossed!
Not really... I can keep up with it ;)
Wheeler is god awful. Get rid of this guy!
Cmon It Just Takes 5 Seconds To Press That Follow Button On 's Profile.! :)
Just like the Hawks aren't the same without you, Boychuk, and Aaronson...but time marches on :( Hope you have a great year!
Whats so "smart" about Smartlipo & High Definition? Tune in this Sunday at 11:30am on ABC to find out!
Thanks everyone!
Flute ensemble pays tribute to history
I miss you too!
Bron can't miss both
none at all, which was its main attraction! Also, I have 2 books now, but will bring them to library when I accumulate more.
TweetDeck has some lag problems with their tweet-typing interface.
Gotta feel me
funny part is she's prob still single lmao. Let me stop
how wants to come to Tri-C rock off at house of blues with me?!?!
My koala's name is Liam too, everything I have is named Liam :P ohh, :D
Not sold out but nice and full! It was awesome. Even better than I expected.
Ahaha! A lotta people do! He's hott too!(;
New drinking game: YT any Taylor Swift song and drink for anyone who covers her worse than her own live performances.
Running someone off the road is not an acceptable turn signal dipshit.
i'm invisible. i'm not good enough. i'm not those other girls and i just have to accept that. but i can't.
: RT : Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19. I will be tweeting live from missi ...
Spending all day tomorrow in Cape Cod! Hope my little one survives the three-hour trip twice in one day!
Being popular on Facebook is like sitting at the cool table in the cafeteria at a mental hospital.
Can't wait to get my Internet stable again so I can start adding more paintings to my etsy!
#HTH2012 demos multispectral images showing multiple layers, highly nuanced calls it "digital archaeology" in LoC documents
You know what tomorrow is, don't you? Free Art Friday!
it was painful. rep didn't understand why i was asking for an e-mail instead of a fax number
In Pittsburgh meeting with the biggest sports retailer in the States
That's true, wish I was an avacados :'(
ha ha, will have to setup a coffee chat sometime in NYC or DC (next semester). Hope #SLS12 was awesome! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
My #BF says I'm always horny, is that a good or a bad thing? Hehehehe
Bad news gang. After this week I'm on a temporary leave from the podcast
I KNO DATS RITE...CAUSE I GOTTA HAVE U OUT WIT ME ALL THE TIME...U GOTTA BE SEEN SEXY
Happy new year. I'm gonna drive a tractor now.
Well, at least its not "set" to "go off" til break is over... ~Devin.Anne<3
okay 's first lady is gangsta!
LOL, thank you 😘
well imma put it like this. You like super nintendo, then you will like this one bro. Has some influences. The end. Lol.
" In the mouth of a Liar the truth becomes doubtful. "
Liked infographic on growth of images; has followed growth in network speed that supports use of photos&videos
Can you imagine A Davis doing 4 years of school like a patrick ewing, or ralph sampson? Mens college basketball is so diluted. WBB = pure
pretty much, then toasted!
My twitter is blowing up with musicology fun. Still pretending I'm at
sick thanks Jason I'll see if my email still works and if not I'll try the alumni one
remember me in kenzie's car? Prolly not...
YES. BAM. Made my day! RT : Congrats , you won! Please email me :)
Every time I turn on the news I see a report of teacher having sex with a student! Where were these teachers when I was in high school!!
I loved it too! Will def watch again.
- Thx 4 the update & info! No worries. U all have helped out a bunch.
I love the episode of Misfits with Sam Keeley. He's so fit!
the wanted - if you could be any flavour ot colour of jelly baen what would it be and why???x p.s i love you tomm x <3
Sorry Lions. Maybe next year
Going thru some troubles with my girl...and because I'm the kinda guy that fills the void with food I've lost 20 pounds.
Willow is Tim Tebow and I'm the Lord of Jesus Christ the Son of Holy Spirit
I just remembered that it's March and this March Madness whatever is likely responsible for the imncomprehensible tweets in my feed tonight.
Agreed. RT ": I have never understood why women with really short hair put it up in that baby ponytail."
Feel like crap./: ugh.
how did you find out did you see one of my tweets or somethin??? Lol
Girls will be gone 6 days. Wish I had somewhere to go. Feeling blue.
It seems like it is a fashion trend for people to go to therapists or shrinks, but therapists and shrinks also go to therapists and shrinks.
he's dope and yea I'm learning dubstep as we speak
The fact that and are telling me that I talked in my sleep last night!
RED in Huntington with
Maybe. I asked Google Books' twitter account, so we'll see if I get a definitive answer.
I have no qualms with anything at all. Raven, stop putting words in my mouth & focus on finding Katie O'Riley!!
greensboro cowboys
Angelina Jolie still got it. Please adopt this Asian kid.
m belugas
I love you guys too you two have no idea how much I love you guys, will always be in my Heart"Belieber Here"
Extra 2 weeks is said to not reflect the outcome if the election
Because Gil Scott Heron says so?
Yes. Making a note to self to bring dongle and put the staff excellence behind me.
Good Night Miami, Good Morning Jacksonville!!!
Build your hopes on things eternal!
Embrace the wobbles! Thank you Buffy Hamilton!!
Home, and really sleepy..... Long day.
Completely agree. Worlds away from the disconnect seen two months ago. The effort to create a more positive environment is evident
We're doing well, but missing Alto Adige
Forgot how much I love country music!
Checked out the MJ Prince tribute, all i have to say is "Annie are you okay? Annie are you okay? Are u ok Annie..." it was incredible
thanks for the follow and God Bless You!
Bamboozle is the best thing since sliced bread.
What is the real reason that stops you from hiring an interior designer? Please be honest and ask friends to comment as well. Thanks!
I need coffee in my bloodstream
Marquis Hill Trio is swinging! Charlie Kirchen is on bass tonight, and Jeremy Cunningham is on drums. Sounding great!
I'm just so overwhelmed right now. Sometimes I really don't know how I'm gonna make it. God, please give me strength. =/
lol no! I love my cats
Convince them to have a 2012 tour!! Glee is what helps me get through life and I was really hoping to go to the concert!!
#fullasfuck my belly is full and might have to poop later... 💩💩💩
Facebook for Business: Opportunities and Limitations
RT: "best frosting rainbow chip @" My saving grace right now!
Dear daylight savings...thanks for the extra hour I have to spend at work -_- #fuckoff wheres
A shot of whiskey and an ice cold rainier only $5.25 until 8. Lets's get the weekend started!
WAIT R U A GUY OR GURL
definitely! I was so over school especially with this weather. How bout you! You done yet?
*texts Stripper Bear* Oops.
Alabama Crimson Tide 2012 National Champs thank yall for stomping over lswho.Arkansas is going to win it next year WPS!!! HOG NATION!!
Today's BTU inspiration: "We can’t control our circumstances, but we can release our attachment to expectations." ~Be Truly You
And Freedom Fries were invented in Crazytown, USA. RT : French Fries were actually invented in Belgium
Help! I need somebody
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...when you deactivate for a break, your "friends" act like you BROKE UP with them! I got work to do. Damn! lol
. thanks so much for the write-up on new Spring children's books! EXCUSES art is my favourite, so I'm glad you like it!
Lets go Flyers!!!!!
great time last night boys. From what I remember
Sanford, Fla., city of 6-year-old Isabel Mercedes; her mom, brother and puzzled after gay teen's suicide?
Homeless man finds daughter through Twitter would love to find my dad also Steve phillips ru out there in vt? i would love to meet you
Join me for the next #CMLbookchat. Sept 6th 7-8PM EST. In honor of back to school, let's chat about books of your academic past.
whenever I hear that people try to ban Judy Blume books I always feel like someone tried to take away a fav childhood memory
we can after though! If you want(:
All the energy put into a frown could be used for half a dozen smiles!
Mfs just won't quit..hatin on us cuz we got what they want
what book is that?
great job!!!
Tweet 100: FUN FACT: St Drunken's drapes did not match his clarpet.
Hell yea I'm wit you all the way!!
I need to go to sleep. And get some work done. TOO MUCH TO DO!!! I'm going to explode. Haha
Ever been to our place at Xtreme Trampolines? You ought to come by sometime, let people know about it!
Free snacks and tye dye at PJPII until 1:30 p.m. Get some finals relief! :)
happy early birthday Josie!!!
Black Diamond Shamballas is a dope song <3 detention is still my number one favorite
Get ready for us next year! Be on the lookout for our EPK. We'll be all over Austin in the meantime. Peace and One Love
is wondering if anyone cares that both Super Bowl quarterbacks are Irish-Anericans.
Me and had a dance party on the sidewalk xD
lol catz. Btw you're looking extra creepy in your piccc... Layin down all awkward and what not. Just saying though lulz
Empathy & compassion, a great listener & communicator, a user/member advocate.
Liftin those Boxes was a work-out.
Cheers for the mention.
sweet. How's that going? Haha and oh really?(: haha
thank you =)
I'm just saying....
I swear everyday I wonder why my school doesn't have hot guys like you.
NEBHE staff quotes cont: instead of making CC's the culprit as quoted in Globe, emphasis needs to shift to why students are underprepared.
How do I tell what happened in my life, so that you all could realise the same. I never knew until she died, the truth! She came to show me.
this just made my year
Librotraficante caravan coming to el paso! March 14 at 7pm. Mark your calendars! :)
Church:) #Who'sSideAreYouFightinOn?
Laws and regulations are incomplete & ambiguous, don't meet NSTIC goals, & vary by jurisdiction and may be incompatible
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (pghha)
Hollywood's most absurd movie cross-dressers! Inspired by 'Norbit', 'White Chicks' and the recent 'Jack & Jill'.
Just tried calling you. Call me back when you can...
Kick ass show last night fellas. , , and murdered a sold out crowd
Sorry man, just never been a KG fan. I'm biased when it comes to him, I admit it lol.
Thank you for pulling Hank Williams. Have a contest to replace him
About to watch that behind the music
RT : "That remarkable ageless stowaway..." Kevin Spacey paying moving, eloquent tribute to our Helen Hayes.
Thanks for following, James!
thanks! He is quite a looker if I do say so.....
i sent you My number on fb man shoot me a text!
yeah that's true! Will it help that it's global or is it the roaming charges?
Leaving in 3 weeks!! Any potential tour guides out there?
Excellent! I'll be sure to have it with me for you.
I can't RT this enough. “: its all about the great sex”
Well not necessarily for my site, but say press mentions for ex. I dont mind the twitter convo, it's good to have open dialogue
Tiger Woods will have a hard time playing golf without hecklers in the crowd. It looks like his image is ruined & kids will need a new idol.
Mike Jantorno defeats Todd Erbaugh Round Three :54 Tap Out due to RNC
There is not enough Diet Coke available to me today.
Who else was late to work/school this morning and needs an IV of coffee right now?
First time Detroit hasn't advanced to the second round since 2006, second since 2003. Both first round victors (EDM, ANA) went to Cup Finals
Its cool but I should have came last week too RT : *snaps* for he went to bio today !!! Hows that treatin you
Wore stilettos too long today. #MyFeetHurt :'(
O.....what a beautiful morning it is here in Portland ....absolutely refreshing
“: This song is just like Doctors Orders from Catch Me If You Can #smash” I was thinking the same thing!
damn it! I was just trying to make it fit...in the twitter box!
Aw thanks your truly kind:)
Steven Madden Ltd. Earnings: Company Enjoys Fifth Straight Quarter of Double-Digit Growth
Remember WWJD, kids - what would Jess do? "I would think of all terrible outcomes and pick the path of least destruction"
thought you were fucking pat
hi Jakob I miss you
How realistic is it to feed the world with the farm space available today?
♀Being your true self is the most effective formula that births realness and success......FYI: “Aint No Future In FRONTIN” ♀Be yo self♀
Definitely gonna miss Coffee Buddha when I move away from the north hills in a couple wks. Any suggestions for coffee shops in Monroeville?
Need to start working out... maybe ill do that today too?
surprised bathroom is so low RT Where fans admit they've checked game scores: Bathroom 25%, Church 8%, Funeral 4% Yahoo Survey
haha that was amazing!
<- this photo of me was taken by me. I will gladly take yours as well.
Happy Birthday to my Twitter account, which turns 5 today.
Listening preaching "Branded for Christ" Gal 6:17, "...let no one cause trouble for me, for I bear...the brand-marks of Jesus."
Some of us have mad skills in one area. Others in another. But helpyness makes it all work! Speaking of... got a favor to ask! Hehe
Baby with fatal illness has &#39;bucket list&#39;
The Timbers season is over. But Timbers radio post game show is underway on 101 KXL. Share your memories now at 503-417-9595.
S/O to people who look like naked mole rats today.
I'd wear it : Needs 2b t-shirt that says "I wish this was Nathan Fillion" with a ⬅. Have people wear it next to
AND no more #Ringer?!!!! What is WRONG with you people!!!!! I need more wine.
Great turn out at Detroit Property Tech workshop!
it is a voluntarily association as are all of the bar/rest association, he chooses not to participate.
That place is huge! Love NOLA!
friendly reminder #docc in an hour
outside left mid and striker
work on it.
ima get u the walker with the tennis balls lol withco old ass jtfo
The median income for single black women is $5 compared to $42k for their white counterparts.
YES! I got to use the term dayparting in an actual question. AND I bragged about it to coworkers. AND I'm bragging on Twitter!
lol I know, I just happened to sit down and saw the first. lol Enjoy your family!!! Yup you know it's a #SpartanMomtweet ;)
NEVERMIND, I FOUND IT. Phew. That was a close one.
I love working with so many beautiful women, inside and out.
The five homeless men who sued the city over panhandling ordinance tells have appealed the suit's dismissal
The Shema serves as more than just a renewal and reenactment of Sinai: it is a memorial of Yeshua's loving obedience
Happy I will have gotten to miss algebra twice this week feel sorry for my future grade hope I can keep it up
Volume: Thick hair is always beautiful. Go for extra hair extensions to have fullness.
Love days like this, <33
WILDIN' CAUSE IM YOUNG
who wants to help #makeachange just like ? WE DONATE FOR EVERY FOLLOW TO #FINDACURE! FOLLOW US & #NEVERSAYNEVER :)
Thanks, Gwen! AJC is a long time fave here.
Thank you for your tweets today about #NoKidHungry!!
Going to be a beautiful night for Art + Design night. From 7-10 in the #DesignDistrict. Please RT.
Thanks for coming out today, Jodi!
Nice piece on mindful eating this morning. Been doing a general mindfulness class+my wife is an RD, so right in my wheelhouse
Them was sum bogus calls
No love lost no love found
Yeah but they'd be tropical bag.
im not moving
Hi Dave, please take a look at , where you can list your sponsorship request for free!
"The Star" is shining brighter than EVER!
how do we get into that kind of business
was my 420th follower.
My cell phone is pretty much my watch, camera, flashlight, calculator and so much more.
It was a tough day with students, teachers and parents at LC. I appreciate their support and understanding. I'll miss them all next year.
I guarantee, when you mention me. All my boys is yelling iceberg cuz they know you history... -
Awesome, thanks!
were you up before dawn?
THANK YOU ANGELICA!
I love my church family! It feels like we are all related! :-) just to name a few!
Fuck yes! have a twitter!
My baby daddy thuggin even got me paranoid
Tomorrow I go in to face the fact that I've lost my job, and to apologize for making them fire me. Because it's my own damn fault.
heading out for the day anytime tomorrow? Would love that.
U were? Really? .........*I'd love to* what? I'd like to give her ur number
happy easter!! I hope everything is well
Play Xbox and think of these bizarre plans to make alot of money #nolife my dude
Hey Thanks! We're excited to have made your day better. :)
I think tomorrow is there last day
People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right..
“: Earth day is Sunday. How are you participating?” gardening, use little electricity and doing yoga to enjoy my earth!
Gotcha!! That would be great then. I can send you links for movies to put on your iPad. ;)
any word if will play?
First time in a long while doing the right thing pays off. Good trip to Dayton $! #bout time
and I'll forever remember you!<3
My favorite alternate anagram for the #OSCON button game: "ass epic free hen"
<3 follow me
damn forgot my auntie followed me on twitter now i got to go pg13 like my fb..man social networks need a age limit lol j/k
LA I'm BACK!
So glade it is Friday I can go home and sleep! I'm so tired
I do!! Oh please, pick mee! ;D
Cleveland we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I'm trying to get the word out about the Rivers of Ice photos at EBC-Please send me pics of the exhibit if you are up there!
lady grey tea. yuck!
Do you want to be a millionaire in 15 years? Invest $2,900 a month at 8 percent, tax-deferred.
thanks for the #FF mention. Hope all is well.
Jus say no
The world sucks
Thanks for the car ;)
Working on the 48 Hour Film Festival in Baltimore this weekend with Renegade Productions!!!
Who's got them results? Trying to see what's poppin!
There's nothing better than watching YouTube videos of cute pitbull puppies on a Sunday night. #amiright?
so perfect. I've been fighting back the need to RT everything all day.
oh my god, that is horrible and it's Flash
A friend is someone who sees through you and still enjoys the view. - Wilma Askinas
Yes... it was a tasty sando. People loved it.
Yup, me too. Will watch later after Hopkins-Dawson.
Just walked into a line dance that I know none of the moves to. How bout I flail around for a bit? #tweep@#@
Happy Mothers Day to every MOM & future MOM! There is no more important role to influence the future.
Auction Hunters>
Spent the last hour classing up our house for our annual formal party, now about to tear into some Doritos Locos Tacos.
You're a warrior. You deserve every minute of
The Avengers movie was definitely worth the wait! The second post credit scene........ Not so much.
Oops. Wasn't paying attention. I use Twitter on the web. I like it that way. Went to Hawaii in May. It was fabulous!
Big thanks to and his staff for their support of my song "Blessed." Cong. West is a patriot, and I'm very excited for the video!
Everyone please go tell that you hope he feels better. He is a little under the weather = (
Most good Americans have at least eight conservative god fearing children. Right Kate?
The New York Highlanders became the New York Yankees in 1913.
Ugh. RT : Enjoy it while it lasts! (5 min) LOL
#harlem All this week we are donating a portion of our sales to keep your yoga tax FREE. Purchase today and Save later!
lol...hell yeah!
I. Can't. Focus. On. Anything. Today.
Agreed. But Union had no attack today RT : I just got back from the game and Hoffman was an absolute non-factor. Waste of 51 minutes.
didn't know the brewers picked up Ichiro
Researching outdoor classes while it's raining outside is kind of a bummer!
yupp, I guess..
I see you reppin newton on the news haha
I apologize to J Biebs for initially dissing Boyfriend.
Well if you, , or seniors get a fire to fix the situation, let me know. I can make it look a bit better than hell ;)
you should've asked him to play human cannonball
Ive got 3 minutes to be in school and ive just left my house, mission on!.
Less than 2 hours to kickoff bitches!
Who! Keep up the good work! :) RT Finally below 190 lbs! 10 more to go!
Friday night, staying in and posting blogs on www.downtownster.com. Two good movie reviews and a dining piece on Blue Velvet. Good stuff!
Thanks so much Lindsay! I'll tell Connie that you liked it.
Seth smith is quietly having a great year
i love you Ariana :D<333
We're tweeting from our veterans reporting training session with McClatchy's Chris Adams
Can't wait until Ed's album + comes out in the US!
counting on it Smitty! You're always welcome!
I CRAVED Five Guys when I was preggo! It got so bad they knew my order. *hangs head in shame*
drowsy chaperone was real funny
FIU got Cody Mann and signed two for basketball. They might actually win a game or two in conference usa lol
laying on a bed on computer and and its hott
Yes, I've seen them! Makes me feel a bit better; must be a common experience. :)
Everything is great so far lol Btw did you feel the aftershock of the earthquake yesterday?! because I didn't!!! lol
Happy birthday (:
Dont't expect me to kiss ass , cause i won't .
Lmao I have received 3 texts about how good Wade is playing... Idc how good he plays Im a Wade hater!
16 have you wet the boyz?
Along came Polly on comedy central.
RT : In #pdx. Waiting for a plane.An automatic pancake machine is turning out hot flapjakes, shaped like Jake Gyllenhaal.So hot
LIGHTENING MAN happening at Ars Nova tonight! If you didn't get a ticket, get on the waiting list!
“ Annoying person: "You need anger management classes." Me: "You need shut the fuck up classes!"”
Me too. I don't know that there is another service that is worth the money.
#TwitterlessDavidBrown hold the #worldrecord for jacking off in one day
I've stepped back inside. Down to 5. Might need a trip to wrigley next week.
Many regions in Mexico has their own kind of tamale & now we make our own savory, sweet, traditional & contemporary tamales in the PNW.
To clarify, those first two are good things.
exactly. Need to be able to go 8 deep. Not 3.
The only accept regular, capitalized and all caps. Probably just store hashes for all three (I hope!)
She easy bake oven hot .
Sorry for the downtime. I will ping back as soon as it's fixed.
Ryan Wagner's voice is boring. would have been the more obvious choice.
Congrats, guys! A great story RT : Check out this article from CNNMoney!
Hey what'sthe verdict in the #chicago pizza wars?
More adults creating messy situations, causing pain/suffering and hurting innocent children.
since wen is reporting it covering up? u dont kno the full story, no one does. Ur just a asshole w/a big mouth wishing death
So floyd's draft status just dropped...& nd needs a decent qb..where is the next tim tebow?
Hehehe. I think this one is okay, but I have seen it on WPSE at least once :)
Do I dare ask what we are going to tax...a hotel surcharge...in an already down economy, really?
What do you guys think is Best Commercial
D-d-d-danger out to find you...
These Atlanta boys are sexy
Across from the Verizon gate in the east lot. Hope to see you there!
congrats on your race finish yesterday! :)
When did you have one?
so this big dude up here thinks he's michelle obama and is serious about it...
If yiu still don't think soccer will catch on in the US, I suggest you listen out my window in NYC or check out my twitter feed. Pandemonium
Thank you, you too! Hope you have a great weekend!
haha he's staring at the door crying right now he misses you! Haha
Prime advertising!! Few spots left national and local.. In return too support our conference
u ain't gotta lie Craig !!! Lol
That is shown in some studies. However, the ability to schedule allows for more consistency which is essential on social media
Why yes, I am seeing on tour again this summer.
nice talking to you today! great ideas and inspiration :) and thanks for making the connection
Gills? Scratches? Lesions? Badass tiger claw marks?
very disappointed in myself for missing chuck norris's birthday. I'll make up for it now
Agree, the programme looks great, thanks for the info about the USC coach too, will keep an eye out for them both! Thanks
Marine Bases in Hawaii Said to Gain in Revised Guam Plan - Bloomberg
Will have tasting booth for you to try 2oz pour of Younger, Elder, Damnation, Supplication, Consecration, Temptation, Redemption, Salvation
You ran an awesome event, it was a great time.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine; it makes a man mistake words for thoughts.
Continuing our Life After College series, come ask recent alumni about what to expect after graduation. 7pm tonight in the library room 313.
Post Its domination! Nice. :)
Fantasizing about some over here at Superpages ABQ. May have to stop by for dinner.
I've always had a soft spot for it. RT : "[Javits is] one of the great spaces in the world," according to architect Bruce Fowle.
The act of adding people to circles is totally addictive. Same satisfaction as puttering and organizing around the house
true! It will probably get worse as they pick up more crap from people doing summer garage/shed cleaning & remodels. :(
I wanna hang out with someone but everyone is lame wtf bye
RT : Ghetto Word of the Day: Noah. She was sitting over there waving. I pretended like I aint even noah!
yess and im coming to your showroom! I cant wait to see all the wonderful creations! #fashion #stylist Do u instagram?
Just ordered some surprise swag for Not even going to tell until it gets here!
Let us be very careful not to fall into the trap of the world. The world views things only relative to man and to self. The Word
Drawing coffins. Well, a coffin. Over and over again.
But will you be wearing wired shirts from Soft Hacking class this wkend?! New to town & excited to get plugged in !
true we will. But ima be mad at you until you fill out an app... lol
Thanks for the RT! You are now entered to win the $25 Best Buy Gift Card
Wow.. grounded from everything except my phone... damn!
me too! It is so empowering. I feel it is our sworn duty to help protect the Twitterverse.
you think its funny when you talk about other girls in front of me. #OnPurpose . because you know it pisses me off.
...wondering what my other twitter accts are. LOL
Sad but necessary caveat: "Note that EFF cannot guarantee that the use of this sticker will prevent a search."
Turn the hell in a cell into a 3 way dance already
Good morning to all of Twitter, followers or people I am following, may today a good one!! You all are important to me.
I'm exhausted and I've only been awake for 2 hours! If I go back to bed, I'll be out for a few hours. I don't want that!
the is not a good influence to you. She is fake. Unfollow her now.
Spring break 2012!!!!
OK, so who knew editing HD video was so tedious? Today I rendered a 2.5 sec clip that took 35mins to finish. Ugh. 44secs down, 26 to...
unfortunately not
Wow, I think we had better start another contest! I will discuss this with my team right now! In the meantime, Happy #FF Everyone!
he should have never had the ball. TERRIBLE play by CJ Watson passing it.
a petticoat is made 2 wear under ur dress/skirt 2 add volume, its NEVER 2 b worn by itself as a skirt..#imjustsaying #VINTAGE rocks
Aw that's no fun!! Why are you stuck in??
Do you the fans think my 30 for 30 "The Best That Never Was" should be made into movie?
"I told them down at the depot that I was really f'ed up last night" the bus driver
Ha...I give Roger my full approval :)
can I be one of the people you follow?
Dumped #citibank for good when paid off/canceled card, months went by with no statement, then they sued me saying I never paid it. FU CITI!
They better ball out in denver
very few of these bands folks are throwing out are "new". I've tried Arcade Fire and Black Keys -- they're OK but don't grab me.
#FF Follow for insights into #mindfulness &
Well alright then. ;)
on the appeal, the reason it's going to take a while is that the appeals committee doesn't meet again until dec 1-3
there are TWO?! *nerdgasm*
Waubonsie theater just killed it!! Woo!
ohhyeahh I have heard that hahah
you don't have to drink right now/but you can dip your feet/
Seems like there are 100 things to finish to get the Centennial App for ABQ ready to launch. Get it? 100. Funny, huh? Ok. Time to clock out.
I wish I could just make these feelings go away!!
My title in the script, "lesbian with dog." and Jack Burger is here!
Lebron James, Chris Paul & Kevin Durant join Bmore native Carmelo Anthony in Baltimore on Tuesday to play exhibition game
Always love.Hate will get you every time.Always love.Even when u wanna fight. -Nada Surf <3
Thursday if ur free
omg she's amazing! :O
can you consider singing you raise me up by josh groban?!?
": Just watched #TheTalk.... Eeeeesh!!!!! I miss & ....nuf said."It will never b the same. I'm done!
3Bet is looking for live pros/serious grinders nationwide to wear free 3Bet gear and be affiliate reps. Email if interested.
Ah Irene you feisty little thing, what a pRty u throw! Tornados, tree limbs, and the little lake in my backyard was quite the touch;) Lol
Friend: You talk about One Direction too much, it's getting annoying. Just stop. Me: You breath too much, it's getting annoying. Just stop.
I really really wanted to go but I was busy melting in the hot sun in the outdoor wedding next door :(
WE LOVE JONAS
face to face, just you and me...
Which show?
What a perfect day for a wedding, happy to spend it photographing Travis and Liz at the Mulhauser Barn. Blog post to follow in a few days.
get out of my face. i dont want to see you, talk to you, hear your voice, nothing. im done with you. youve crossed the line. bye.
bahh! i forgets to tweet..
so crucible monologue...we meet again
Spent the night with my grandma felt like when I was little. :-)
yo get at me ... i been looking for you info, i got one its a top 40 hit !!!!! lets link ...
Whew. Thought it was just me, cause I'm old.
i just got off the phone with em& its all set. its boutta be a hella good night xD
Ready to lose 20lbs in the next 20 days? www.lasvegashcg.com also Like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Don't forget, your happiness MUST include the happiness of others. For we are all a part of all that is.
showing the Bing Jay-Z campaign targeting millenials.Very creative. Massive effort. 1.1billion impressions.
these females too childish on Basketball Wives, like come on now ?
I'm at greenbelt station trying to catch train to dc
Looking forward to participating. Sounds exciting for social media & ESPN!
absolutely. Need to get back out to cuse soon and catch up w/ as well.
But this is silly: "One reporter resigned her position because almost nothing of what she wrote could be accessed by her family or friends."
naww but the biggest
ima put a video of me showing that booty wrk
Made In America: The best of American Mid Century. www.midcenturymobler.com
you always find cool things lol I'm pretty much always down for anything lol
Thanks to and for the RT!
Prosecutors displayed dozens of calls among #DiMasi, Lally, McDonough and Vitale, often coinciding with events related to Cognos deals.
Watching family guy......hilarious dude
POSC coulda been a contender, but those huge sells in the beginning of the run F'ed everything up. Looking for another one now.
Defining goals and objectives BEFORE requesting analysis? What a novel idea :) Finally, a project that makes sense!
Congrats on your wildly successful #wimlink event tonight!
I Swear There Is A Ghost In My Mf House. Lights B Cuttin On Magically Cabinet Doors Closin Shit If I Start Hearin Voices Then Shit Got Real.
IS Wisconsin.
The ice bath after my marathon this am did wonders. Ready to tear through Easter dinner now.
- Thanks for your time and for your leadership!
Looking for a Public Relations Senior Account Executive. This person should have 5-7 years in PR, ideally in an agency setting. Send your…
Making 2012 an awesome year!
And richard simmons RT : Its scary how much this dude Andre Miller looks like Richard Pryor.
I may just write it tomorrow and bring it in on Friday cause I don't wanna deal with it over the weekend, though
Jealous of people for whom normal breathing just happens automatically.
I was totally thinking, "You get a Pulitzer! And you get a Pulitzer!"
Love can lead you to lonely days sitting in your bed crying and eating peanut butter out of the jar.
Ahh good pasta makes me happy:) And sleepy:( Oh well, it's worth it!
When girls refer to there boyfriend as "Daddy"<
Coraline is trying so hard to keep her eyes open so she can watch Little Bear lol. It's so cute!!!
4 hour block of the lp sound show today.. w/ jaevan and electromuted
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 46
The only game that matters tonight starts at 7
sorry it took so long to respond: no emails, it's all about Facebook to get next tix, you can get text alerts to updates
oh good. You had us worried
My kind of fun! RT Ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling
cut up!
I got u when I get in
You walk along the stream, your head caught in a waking dream
as if he took the £999 the fat cunt
“ Can Anyone Believe iM Really A SHY Person? ?”really lol
I keep thinking it's Diet Coke.
so #Louisville is about to take down your boy #Izzo. How do you feel about that big boy?
thought maybe you know someone else who has done something interesting that honors your mark?
Great point, Nancy - it'll be interesting to see where the copyright issues go. Thanks for the feedback & happy pinning!
words from Chuck: how about match point, it has "the Scarlett Johansen, a little intrigue, a little sex" rules
thank you! No worries :-)
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.-- Zig Ziglar
Why would you want to fight him?
when you get to Austin next, let's set some time to meet with They are impressive.
#DoYouThinkItsWeird that you see new advertising & e-mails online. Merchants increase ad budgets hoping to get some of your holiday spending
Dominican taking it to Cuba City. Too much athleticism! Dominican by 10 at the half
The online MBA curriculum integrates content across functional areas — linking management, marketing, finance, accounting, and operations.
lol well I like meeting new people :p
I'd have to agree. The show,actors,production are BRILLIANT!...i love the continuity and attention to detail.
that's all in saying!!! BIG OLE BELLY, POKING.....BELLY BUTTON SHOWING....aaaaahhh
Told my brother, positive anything is better than negative nothing. He asked, "what about HIV?" Smart kid.
