your prize is you get to follow the guy who sits next to Not sure if you heard but he saved the
Ooh, I like it. The difficulty I'm having is that all the images are different dimensions. Thoughts?
#How long does mourning a pet last?#
I see your hustle fam. Hope all is wellRT : Let's Go People We Live this
I bet I won't win the Mega Millions
Hey now, let's take it down a notch there ;-)
What law, what reason can deny that gift so sweet, so natural that God has given a stream, a fish, a beast, a bird?
Busy weekend ahead with Breathe Carolina on Saturday and Animals As Leaders on Sunday. Then Minerva Festival next weekend!
Thanx for the link Russ! I'll try to check it out. Hope to see you around W-B!!
Huge shout-out to data reporter Nick Heynen for his great work on the double-barreled campaign finance stories in tomorrow's paper.
RT:“ Laughter is not always “the best medicine,” sometimes its just “the best disguise.””
Four options remain in addressing #Detroit fiscal crisis: consent agreement, Emergency Manager, bankruptcy or do nothing.
Reverse that in Texas! RT End of July always feels like summer almost over. End of January feels like winter will never end.
i love you babe :(
ok now I scared.
tweet me ;)
Goodmorning. or should I say Afternoon...
i salute you, milady
Gonna feel like 💩 for a while.
Anyone think the Magic are having seller's remorse over not dealing Howard for Bynum?
Nuh uh. Professor Lauren taught me all the Guatemala things
go far my friend.
true, you guys sucked.
ah I see. I also saw the Ali app is out! :) congrats
I completely agree, that will always be my favorite. I will pass it on to my children I swear
had a great 4th with , canoeing the mke river with an boat
Albuquerque Avenging in - Boston Herald
Night bitches
thank you for the sapreston daily! it is a great source of legal / market information. i cant believe i havent seen it before.
Before blaming the new star, let's remember: the New GM, from outside org & likely had input in decision to fire coach.
awesome! We start around 10 PM
I'm in so much pain right now. :(
is this going to be your break out game vs the terrible defense you're about to be going against?
you've got to keep your own dreams highh, you've got to know that the sky belongs to no one
Ladies and gentlemen, Nick Johnson has a two game hit streak.
likewise.. Have a successful 2012!
needs to learn how to try at
Just realized I have exactly 90 days till preview of Fuddy Meers! AH!!!
Going shopping with grandma tomorrow :)
It's funny how when I know you don't follow me, I rarely star your tweets... well funny to me!
Wondering what is happening at Non-Human conference.
damn i miss Entourage
Kobe looked funny af' with the mask on for is broken nose, lol!
awesome life decision.
Impressions I'm getting from the too cool for school crowd: "There's only one way to do anything, and that's the way we do it." Smells like?
whoo just got back from the burton store ladies night! love the hook-ups heading off to greektown for some din.
LMAO... gotta keep it safe
true statement! I was there.
Amazing night tonight for the all the KDA solos, duets and groups. You all shined so bright. Congrats to the overall winners!
that sounds like it would be awful to put together
#CocaCola brought back the polar bears!!!
👏👏👏👏 RT : Feels like i never leave this place and i relle kinda dont . Another day with my girls stay blessed everyone !
At work
Agreed! I love how the Hags-Richards-Gaborik line is playing
“Let a smile be your umbrella, and you’ll end up with a face full of rain." ~George Carlin
Mountain was pretty off the hook today.. Nobody there.. Rode crazy hard, but glad to be home early lots of day left with the family!!
It's Friday! Let's get f**ked up!
(BTW...that's my score on a non-championship course!) LOL
Heading to now...Josh is going to print his own Made in America Tshirt!
Salad and black beans flow
had my first session of 2012 at Quonset Hut; pulled a "one-take nancy"...starting the year off right
Toys r us is the cheapest place to buy toys I got buzz an woody movie life size replicas for 100 dollars I have them both with right know
It took 8 years of being a vegetarian to convince my toddler like taste buds to give in to veggies and embrace them
I feel like a broken record, but I am still working on the book. I can see the end in site, though! It's coming together, and I'm so glad.
your dad is gonna say something lol
Yes boo so you need to try out too!!!!
What u up to this morning???
4 p.m. Tomorrow. Upstairs at Firehouse No. 7 on S.E. 11th and Stark. PR 3.0 like it's never been before. Naked. Just kidding. We hope.
make an exception!!
Trane EarthWise Solutions Used in Cooling Plant at King Abdullah Financial ... - Zawya (registration) (press release)
Start your day at #drupa with a special performance by du Soleil. Come to hall 8b NOW - starts in 8 mins
Daddy has just started calling me "celebrity" cuz I have so many followers haha =)
Nice. I've been playing with different platforms. Been using Tumblr for reading responses & convo. May try Posterous next.
RT : RT : Hussein Obama has done to Our Presidency what Lorena Bobbitt did to John Wayne Bobbitt!
A 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere
You'd have typed that in the "sarcastic" font if there was one, right?
I don't think the wind ever stops blowing in the Midwest.
it's fun being older
lol I know you are
Goodbye for now
My boy got a #fridaywinner today...time to #celebrate!
Get properly sauced and still make your 8am econ class! Earn awesome #Belly rewards like FOUR sauce cups for your Pokey Stix at
Follow me, please.
we're gonna party all night, have the time of our lives lolool
damn i was about to jump
Chuck Brown, the creator of Go-Go music, passed away yesterday in DC.
another idea - widgetized staff client leading to the Koha "app store"
will you please follow me it would mean the world to me
This is once of those beautiful summer nights where I dont want to go to sleep... But it's technicaly winter...
Damn her AVI is proper......I'm on my break right quick
Powerful Dreams Inspire Powerful Action.
I'll defer that to , but lets just say, me likey.
Happy Birthday from the home of Boise
#imagine *Liam gently kisses your cheek, you blush* Liam: I love it when you blush, it proves u really love me, like I love you.♥
Tomorrow I'm going to work on those mad procratination skills of mine. Or maybe Tuesday.
Don't judge a book by its cover... unless it's a Playboy.
He was quite the partier back the day songs aren't made like that anymore.
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Split Pea with Ham, & Chili
It's about that time for a forever girl
ill represent u. long as we get back to them college dropout days
AgreedRT : #amazingmommytweet RT : I #LIVE for my Zoey...She really is the only thing that matters to me in life ;)
Yo. Just met you at Charmington's.
Is it time for breakfast yet?
Love , Never Knew What I Was Missing . But I Knew Once We Started Kissing .
When I need sleep, I can't sleep. When I need to do work, I can always sleep. This kills me.
Not sure on whiteboard, I got sample but I'm just now working with the blackboard material - email me:
5 days left! I almost can't believe it.
Idk They Was Just Randomly Talking Mess About Me Then Started Mentioning Me
Don't limit yourself. Lots of people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
a coat of many colors my momma made for me, always the step sister!! My wardrobe can't compare to Tara, and drew!
try watching andy reid and his staff...
New follower here. Follow me. I might say something interesting.
Brausse Group is offering 1 40" automatic die cutter, model 1050SE at discounted price to any Buyer that can take delivery in next 30 days.
I totally had to pause my Sex and the City just for that play!
Watching the main event
BINGO! Anyone know what 111111111111 means in binary?
#astd10 who can I look forward to possibly meeting at the celebration?
Special Event: “Inspiring Minds” Speaker Gloria Steinem
ikr. Do u have an idea what i could you? xD
New computer is official, and now I can tweet all day... I mean, in between important work projects.
Class at the SERF today; Hey , any chance I could double major in Weight Lighting & Racquetball?
All of the ads for shakira on YouTube are in Spanish
hey babe try texting me something right now. Internet should be working but it won't send a text as iMessage for some reason
Thanks Lisa! See you Friday at ?? MT
#RUMOR James Harden's going to donate his beard to the Dallas Sweeping Foundation to make a broom.
soo like followed me :D day started good already \^o^/
Heartbroken to hear about Whitney Houston ='(
it's from a year in the making....
Yay! I just had mine yesterday! I pray for a swift and safe labor and delivery. Hang in there! :)
People who are 100% satisfied with their lives frighten me.
yes I'm am! Haha I just wanna rape him lol but yay! Haha
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
Demonstrators now moving downtown in May Day March
oh yea. happy birthday pduckee
" has provided support for decades."- Chris Mallette, exec. director Chicago Violence Reduction Strategy at
That's why I don't really talk to mine. Still a lot of tension, I just have to leave it alone and do me. As should u.
Holy Cross in command over Clay County in 2nd half. HC big man Tony Campbell is tough. 14pts 10rebs 5 blocks in 1st half.
Here we go!
I've had a lot on my mind lately but it's stuff I don't want to share on Twitter. So, I'm still around just not as jovial.
The "social voice" - FB, Twitter and Blogs is now much larger and more meaningful than all "old" media combined, newspapers, magazines, etc
During our pre-launch, all our initial 10 designs are only $9.95/sheet plus free shipping. Normally $14.95. Great deal!
Ready now?
Thanks to President Jenkins-Scott for all courtesies shared College & the tour of Boston with that special moment in Mattapan
Awkwardly hiding behind the living room door cus I don't wanna do chores lol
Reason #2 I love #hockeyradio-"And he hustles back to the defensive zone like the barn's on fire & he's got the last bucket of water."
you Shouldve known inviting us over would lead to debauchery
I don't play baseball but I hit a home run everywhere #everywhere Where are you going tonight??? #stayinin?
#worstxmasgift Not only a two VHS tape version of the made for TV "Merlin" starring Sam Neil, but also the script and a poster. Thanks, Mom.
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
#NP I choose you -Mario <3
Matty in the morning tripped on a wire and the Live Stream to concert went down! #Fox keep him away from
NO DONT REMIND ME. omfg im gonna cry
Oh. Yeah. I had to switch to hootsuite after that.
hahah little bastards
Thanks for the gorgeous photos of the Chihuly installation! Will there be any action to watch if I drop by tomorrow?
I think you could just go with What Makes You Beautiful? Gotta have the ? though!
We are working on getting a new promotion schedule ready. We hope you have enjoyed our freebies. Any food promo suggestions let us know.
Tmz is saying NFL Star Junior Seau committed suicide ... shot himself
Finally get to see stamp. Seski not patient. About time. Want party to start!
DOH! Sydney return is NYE, 1st day back in the chair shortly thereafter. Actually can't wait for the real world again!
i want to send you some:) where can i send it to?
very cool, have fun today! Im slightly jealous!!
Bwaha! That's great! I think their should be more MCs who get the flu, sneeze a lot, etc.
"Blah blah blah, blah blah and blah blah blabidy blah" - A Blah enthusiast & a dabbler in all things blabidy.
glad to hear you're enjoying the app!!!
swedish fish for me and m&m's for matt :)
God I can't even imagine the pain your feet will probably be in. Your heels are crazy.
I can officially say that a weekend with no plans is the best thing ever.
follow me on Instagram if u have 1, i promise i follow everyone back(: and i'll like your photos<3 : Peter Joan Grande
THEN GET OFF MY FUCKING NUTS. THIS STARTED OVER FUCKING BVB.
Seriously just had someone ask what the megapixels were on a 35mm camera....
RT help us find #ChristianLopez Yankee fan we have a present for you! Nice guys finish 1st! contact
Thanks for the follow! I hope you enjoy the reviews.
Gym time yippee!! Listening to a podcast is a rad way to inspire yourself & make 1/2hr cardio feel like 10mins! Let's do this!
Have been away from HTML for too long. We no longer see eye to eye it seems.
Best of the Artists Series Opens this Thursday at 6pm at St. Lawrence Gallery 3556 N. Ocean. Blvd. in Ft. Lauderdale.
Seeking Legal Product Specialists and Managers to be responsible for all aspects of SEC registration for an assigned group of mutual funds!
No... that's what makes there love crazy physco!!
Off to the movies...
I've cut back a bit on social media due to the demands inherent in a new role. Been at it 4 years though &find it valuable
Pulling an all nighter for B-Fest... and the movies haven't even started yet! Hopefully we'll have something good for you by morning!
Is ANYONE ONLINE???????
Take home some sweet treats for the weekend! Sweet Miss Giving's has delightful baked goods ready to go!
me: Hannah, we are going for a walk. Hannah: oh! can we go for a walk in the jungle? I pick the jungle!
waiting for 12 too see how many free agents are signed by the sabres... my guess, 0
Nutella and marshmellows?! That's a first...
I have so much faith in my team. I can't even put it in words...
well we will get our wish...Melo to play on Sunday.....and do may JR Smith.....
At 9am on 6/27, Rob Rojas paddled 24hrs straight to raise $ through the “Tread on #Trafficking” campaign!
#HungerGames was amazing im in #Love can wait for the next movie
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~Bill Cosby
So glad it's #Friday! So excited for all the fun things happening this #weekend!! :)
Good lord Ty Lawson.
Oh, I'm sorry. You are in my prayers!
Right, I think I may have just made an Internet friend, is that weird. I mean I have no intention of meeting this person so does it matter?
6:45 followed by The Shins
I don't think so
Fair winds and following seas, Wake! Great career and #RedSox HOF. We thank you for your loyalty and leadership, but it is time. Cheers!
On the beach chillin
Ramseyer. The froyo place is in Upper Arlington. I can drive.
Wish I didn't have to go to work today.
back is very sore from cheer...camp in 2 days!
The average college student watches 24.3 hours of TV per week. You might have time for a part-time job after all!
- another round by fat joe & Chris brown is my new favorite song ❤
Never change yourself, people will always remember you as who you were anyway.
Not yet, Jenna! I'm not ready for snow yet...I'm cold!
getting ready to pop in shower! Then I will figure it out!
watching Drake and Josh ! :D
What you on Mil?
Time to Pretend - MGMT
“: Sharon Stone!” No, but I would love to work with her! Maybe be next time.
I just added Dindi and It Could Happen To You to my collection! Thanks for Great Music!
Some people are better off walking into the restaurant than going through the drive thru
Bruised, beaten, and tired courtesy of 4 year old in the bed with me last night. Ugh.
Rodney Mullen - so good to be here at USC because I have escorted off campus so many times
One of the best fridays in a long time.
A - To find of good writing coming out of meetups, & work with broader THATCamp community to work out how to use this stuff
hope u and Austin are gonna be ok in this tornado storm
Toenail #fungus: Clean the diseased nails with white vinegar using a cotton swab and apply some Viks VapoRub.
If reading ppts to us wasn't bad enough, now somebody else reads to us from on-line. I'm shocked more teachers aren't complaining.
Roar bongs>
Waiting on to pick me up from the aeropuerto... StArViNqqqq..!:$!...
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Big fan of Loyola's Jimmy Patsos-Wish him and his Greyhounds GL in a tough draw against OSU - Any Loyola backers out there tonight?
Debt crisis!Start contacting da Senator representing da state u reside in before da beginning of da end surfaces&ur money is soon worthless.
KRod...ouch. That sucks.
Good God it's morning...
please follow and i follow :D
#spurs what a great fit for you but disappointed you're no longer in Portland! Miss #towel #enthusiasm and #3goggles big time.
yeah they are the worsted :/ stupid unfollowers
is it? Still says by invitation only
yes! our chart is only a guide :)
The same principle that works for "saving" faith works for "active" faith. Heart believes -Mouth confesses - unto the benefits of salvation
High correlations for voting on tree doppelgangers. Who knew?
The only thing am ready for today is getting out of school to watch younow
Death. Via AP literature -___-
My bro just got Fireballed. Feel like I did the first time he got quoted in the FT. Pretty cool.
Looking forward to an afternoon of Sugar Skull decorating for Create Club and #diadelosmuertos!
#show Love Spell Entertainment I am sure there is a fine line I've just haven't found it channel surfing Killer Comeback
You're welcome - enjoy!
I have 11 mosquito bites on my arms, legs, one on my foot, and one on my wrist.
Wow, the weather got beautiful and warm really suddenly!
We stayed in the Gaslamp Quarter over 4th of July. Tons to do there, too.
End of semester busy time at the #WKU Store-Glasgow. ATP (orientation) for incoming freshmen and day of textbook sell back.
Yo are you going to the game today?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Hope it's been a great day!
maybe I'll just have to plan a road trip so you can draw another.
Chris stopped making sense, mumbled something, then fell asleep propped up at the bar while watching Logan's Run. ...game off.
Do any of you know any men who wear those man sock garters?
RT : GOD will Forgive BUT don't KEEP on Repeated the same Sins OVER & OVER. - #Amen! We can't take his love and grace for granted
Imagine if biggie and tupac were still alive...we wouldn't have half of these gay ass rappers in the game if that was so
#ThingsMyMotherSays how was your day??
Hey Steph, I'm fine. The worst of the storms are over. :hug: No worries. :)
my zombie weakness=wanting to help stick back on all their falling off bits, or asking did you loose this? skill=invisibility
It's hard to see that upswing in medieval this year, but I'm glad that it's up for other subfields!
I just got back from Texas, only seems fitting to go out to a nice steak dinner with the homies
You rock Emily:)
working on our popular imprinted wine bottle openers for clients holiday gifts.
Loved AfterMath at Matrix as well. Long time friend Mark Taylor directed. Daniel Taylor terrific as well.
Sup cuz how's baseball? Haven't talked to you in a while
Ha, thanks. I could say the same of you guys.. “: #FF Soon to be taking over the world. #indy”
If you ever want to make cry, just show her videos of the #Reds hitting walk-off home runs.
Aside from a handful of guys boxing is missing the good trainers,
Ok, everyone go follow right now -- soon, our sports mgmt students will be all over this great Olympics travel site!
fuck squat and dead lift
follow me <3
Thanks for the tweets about our radio show!!
Ouch, this game is turning ugly. Brewers have played a fairly good game, up until this inning.
Its gameday! And bah!, I think im coming down with a cold.
If this is true... A) Chicago sports can't catch a break. B) I still blame thibs. C) Jesus Christ man this is not fair....
Be extra sure to tell the Red & Black that you're there tonight to see your favorite band, The Orchid!
WHY. THE. FUCK. DO. WE. HAVE. TWO. LUNCHES.
3 Weeks from today I will be in Vegas for #MayweatherCotto can't wait.
Thanks! I will keep them coming.
Aw, bummer. Have a great trip and congratulations on your book!
Anyone applying for a grant? Any #grantwriting hints/tips you'd like to share, particularly for the Individual Artist one?
BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS.
APES exam done, one more to go. On to psych now!
I did ! Lol , I gotta new number , unless u changed urs
And she needs to take BHO with her! Please, let me hold the door for you!
I am having so many mixed feelings right now 😔😞
HOE I WANT MY FOLLOW BACK BEFORE I GO UP THERE AND SLAP YOU
Hm maybe I need more hashtags? # Hashtags
Yesterday was good. Today is a bit of a mess... better luck tomorrow.
Great meeting at the 43rd District Democrats!
hey hey sis
We love it when acoustic musicians join our fb community, welcome Taylor Swift!
had an amazing weekend in Athens & Huntington, excited to hit Lexington Saturday... AMERICA!
yes Becca. Constantly. You got me pegged.
I love so much! She's my idol <3
true but, tests do their job. for the most part stan tests are good indicators of academic performance
The press box suite and field tour yesterday at the mariners game yesterday was a great experience. Thank you Kelly Fox
i pray i have a good day
thx! I had fun at the game with Team Patsos!
I knew there was someplace I was going today! Dang. Which ones do you have?
amount of time then I try a diff pain med. Its a visc cycle.
"Guys.. shut the fuck up, and be quiet!"
ATT: all my San Diego peeps! Coffey will be singing live at the Rock church Jan 15th...all 5 services! Don't miss it! It's gonna be awesome!
More submissions and more auditions!
Hoping this redbull gives me wings
Good morning CRJ alumni! Please remind your parents that the Alumni Parent Workshop is tomorrow, Tuesday, December 6th, at 6 p.m. at CRJ!
Brittany got me the entire series for Christmas. To say it was the greatest gift ever would be an understatement.
And possible going to Cons :D
I indirectly motivate a lot of people and that's scary. Whether its the responsibility of that or confusion of "why me?", I'll never know.
this girl watching Netflix in class...damn.
Yes! “: From Don Shirley: There are more AEA contract shows in L.A. than we think! GREAT NEWS, ACTORS!
Jumping in the shower
Hi Brian, Romo banged up right hand on a pass rush, out for the game. Lanny Bassham
thanks so much for following!!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement. - Napoleon Hill
Wad up boy!
Up late cus of personal issues I had to deal w/ unfortunately. Plus, I didn't get home til 2:30 am haha
Any posters left? I would love one!
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
« I never truly get you.»
Bus ride to Dallas for our first conference game!!
MT: Speaker:"Digital publishing is print+plus!"//I think that means you're doing it wrong. (need 2 stop somethings)
way to give me credit >.>
Ok, so go past the hey there's something bad on this site screen so I can fix it?
I'm officially changing my business card title to "Pastiche Design Genius"
Everything is so fucKingly boringly straight!
omg why do you show me these things. and why aren't we nordic.
well that's bc it's a baby donkey! And it is adorbs!
NEW MANCHESTER ORCHESTRA SINGLE OUT TODAY! INSANELY TASTY!
simply go to the app store, download Bartab & enjoy $1 drinks all over Chicago! DM your email & maybe we'll send ya a drink ;)
Good night Alex! :D
Happy Mothers Day :)
Reminder to folks that the hashtag has migrated to
I was tortured with Mexican Flags and prairie fires.
I believe epic != collection of stories. I believe epic == placeholder of a goal or idea. Stories may result but no guarantee
If faculty stress the importance of materials, librarians will notice and give the collection more attention.
Q: Best dress at the Golden Globes?
here I am
Yes, but don't get too comfortable. The best is yet to be.
RT!!! ": Some girls are clueless."
let da tricks fall while u ball
Working on a new charcoal illustration for you :)
Day 2 of crazy nap dreams. No naps tomorrow.
Unfortunately I had to take a flight right back to NOLA after my interview to get to work, but the projects Show looked amazing.
Its friday :))
Ugh I h8 lectures so much just get 2 the point and be done, period.
omg that is cute
Attacked by mosquitoes already ... crap!
#KatyPerry rocking out tonight on American
But It's all good.. Cuz I still dont give a fuck
Just saw a bunch of paps snapping pics at hollywood and vine of a guy knocked out on the street...I can't wait to be famous!
My dog smells like Doritos...
That was a terrible call ref!!! Ridiculous.
Actually work on all my wedding planning action items! That, and spend the extra time with my wonderful fiance!
When you're sad you must smile; When you're happy you must laugh; When you're weak you must stay strong!
I have already masturbated to it. Delete!
Joss Whedon is a genius. That is all.
Is it time for Beer Can Chicken Chilaquiles yet? See you at brunch this weekend!
Alpha-1 Symptoms: Vomiting blood (from enlarged veins in the esophagus or stomach), Decreased exercise tolerance, #charity, alpha1
I swear this mofo need to grow the fm up!stupid 
Ha! I imagine and have many stories to tell.
Let's all agree that a high school principal should just be a high school principle. Ok? That would be easier. Thanks.
dork :b morning
I let my ring do my talking.
Driving 10 hours to Nashville to pick up the kid. I'm sitting on a tennis ball cuz my hamstring is killing me.
watching bad luck teddy right now (:
my url on my profile >>>>>
VIDEO - "Oglądaj TV"
a good one too. Sucks for them, they're mission out on a great guy.
is about to take Willie Nelson's advice, because I'm getting "On the Road Again."
Brushing boyfriends niece's hair (:
got both numbers. you may want to delete the tweet with you numbers on it :)
We all love dinner and a movie, but if your family often eats dinner in front of the TV, your couch may need an upholstery cleaning!
Life is short, break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, N never regret anything that made U smile.
i like cheese i like cheese
Hey LOVE we are following you!!
How is RCF prep going?
Using code from Proximity (for ) in #Hive (for Xbox) :D ...the benefits of having a life full of hexagons!
Been running around to meetings al day! What did we miss??
okay good because we still better have the same crew and not the newbies. lol
Wish your car was better? We save you #money on your auto maintenance through
Ain't nobody can drive 70mph eating an egg mcmuffin while talking about republicans quite like your father.
"Oracle - Sunken Earth" is a quick read, and it's only $0.99 www.trisefbook.com
Peach Milkshakes arrive at at the end of June
It's all an act Margie. He adores me ;) You need to move here. Looking forward to seeing you Parissa.
": Am I the only who never heard of Adele until tonight?" «you got to do better
It's great that the fans are taunting Rondo. He is a nothing against Rose!
Smokn loud every hit like a 808 hopped a plane aint seen my lane since it was 8:08
omg good morning!!! Sheeeesh
thanks*** hello) how are you?
I'm screwed. RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour can increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
came to visit me..... #eastafricanbeauty :)
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them" ~Walt Disney
Like really? Was that necessary? -_-
your a good guy <3(:
Surround yourself with great people, stay inspired, have fun.
Aww Tim Gunn is a sweetie:) I had fun doing "The Revolution"!
where are the plans we made for two?
That was your shit
Sad day for the racing world. 5 lap salute to Dan Wheldon. Thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends during this horrible time.
Student papers almost graded. No way to do justice to the #BritishNovel in one semester, but damn if we didn't try.
are you doing baking or cooking??
Come enjoy sounds by , , , and many more! is underway!
ahhhhhahaha, oh I miss you so.
People who were forced to 'like' in order to rage on the company's page.
“: #TroubleMaker” lol no that would be (Rick Ross)
#NF a great NY host enhancing one show at a time!
God dammit. The sun's up. I forgot to go to bed.
I'm confused =\
I said brother lol
There must be a plague covering Chicago, so many people are sick :(
without a doubt! Are you thinking about making the trip down?
LIVE LIFE, LAUGH OFTEN, LOVE GOD!
It's going to be a long weekend and DAY/NIGHT. Aye
awesome! See u soon...best get dressed then I reckon...
thank you! I can't wait to hear what you think.
so go back farther than that. Look at the team not making "sell" moves at deadline in 09, 10. Or even father back to Lee trade.
Thanks Sarah! I look forward to learning more about you as well. I have a Daughter named Sarah, so you must be awesome!
RT : Can't even sleep. I need some attention
40% off sale at Blick Art Supply today! ... Sweet !!
Nothing like a photo shoot to get my mind off of things  
Quite frankly, I'm glad the #Southern #Baptist #Convention kept "Southern" in its name. Anything else would be false advertising.
Super excited!!! RT : We could not have done it without you! See you tomorrow at the #ChocoTweetup!
S/O to my Asian friend from Canada :)
Swirling head, swollen heart.
hell yeah I looked on yours this morning and saw all those pictures It made me wanna change mine
some one got past those chompers?
“: we spent what little bit of money we had on wintergreen skoal and mainstreet gas”
if you go to Jack Rabbits with me tonight, I'll pay for you to go to the zoo when we go! Pretty please?
niggas know if they dont then they bitch does
I like sweatshirts and t-shirts, not fancy blouses. Get over it people.
Keeping time is a cognitive skill. Time Management is Emotional Intelligence. Watch for next week's blog on "got no time".
Now Playin The Warm Up By J.Cole... A Fucking Classic.
Never bow to a space zombie.
just received an SQL error when accessing a website on curating databases. OOPS!
HOPEFULLY! they win!
how do you create lists in Twitter?
Dear , house R's already passed a budget plan. If D's won't accept it, let them come to you! Stand your ground, sir.
Little bit
#FuckItttttttttttt Im In This Bitch.
Thank you so much for coming out to support WPA! You're the best!!
Today is going to be interesting... 😒
If you want people to become passionate about a subject, forcing them to learn it in school is just about the worst way I can think of.
to play Magic the card game - even out here in the sticks.
yep. No idea.
already did
Sorry to all my Boston friends, but I am hoping to see the Patriots get smacked today!
lol! We could only hope it would.
I SAW ALPACAS TODAY. They are so cute<3 I'm gonna come back and steal one.
Italian day, Pizza at Pizzeria Regina, then Cannoli and Espresso at Modern Pastry in the North End
Raise the Jolly Roger with Nelson Cruz and the #Pirates taking two in a row from the #Dbacks!
thank you .
follow back
For one off kind of thing Skype would be ok--it's good quality video if connection good.
Um.. I didnt know that was a cop at the door. but I yelled "You`re not allowed!!" when they knocked. I thought it was my cousin.=O
Best text of the night: they aren't going to say who the mother is and I'm going to be frustrated
I swear my phone never goes off unless she txt or call me......right now she sleep #WeAllWeGot 04/14/12
Good!! Willpower is overrated, especially when cupcakes are involved.... Happy birthday.
Did you know that there will be three #HSFB games in Ireland in 2012. Tune-in to High School Football America tomorrow to find-out more.
You can follow the global No Pants Subway Rides with #npsr, or #nopantsaz for the local shenanigans!
All unsigned #artists #rappers #singers amateur #models #producers for further exposure get @ me.
Thursday, new songs in the works. Have to get through my job first though........
U only get 1 First impression so make em WOW!!!
What are you doing?
With #easter coming late this year, many in Hong Kong are combining Easter Monday with Labour Day to create a week long holiday.
I never would have believed the police would be necessary at a chess tournament.
you should of put, all my friends and atleast half of my enemies...
I'd be happy with "40 Acres & a Mule"!
Conference call with Jealous?
"uxorious"--she's excessively fond of her wife? ;)
We LOVE your ad campaign! Beautiful! We are featuring it on our website at www.swop-colorado.com. MUCH LOVE to you!!!!
Back from a 2-mile walk. Think I will eat a pickle now.
Ha ha ha. I think I shall stay where I am at for a while. How are things at the big V?
I thought all BR conf call hold music was just talking in his smooth voice telling you to hold
yes you will
There are 10 million African Americans who are eligible to vote who have not registered, and that's just African Americans.
I wish you'd just take the time to prove it to me..
what is that face for?
I just talked to both my cousins and on the phone #missyouloveyouwanttoseeyou <3
Not a good way to start off the season Red Sox! 0-3, SMH! Not happy with them at all right now.
Do it!!! MT I'm scared of music vids. An artist I love asking me to do one now, but... I think it's truly an art. 3 minutes? Yikes.
when you comming to the A we need some Quick in our lives!!!!!
Thanks for the RT about our update.
Yep. It appears the more MWP/Artest changes, the more he stays the same.
Ur welcome! Thanks for following me! :) I'll spread the word.
What a great weekend! How did you celebrate Mother's Day?
Aww, I hate not being to sleep. :(
you are too cute.
Matt! thanks!
Took Yogi to Vet to retrieve one of the girls Toy Tube North Amer. mammals collection. He ate and spit out buffalo, this prob. is the deer.
my doggy is so cute he sleepin my bed nd his head is on my pillow nd he has the cutest puppy face riite now :)
I used to have one and she made life much easier. Much much easier. But Google has really helped bridge gap.
: so excited for Mariners baseball!
You are refusing to accept that #LinkedData is about "Linkable Data" via Hyperlink enhanced Structured Data Representation.
We have a delicious brunch that we serve every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-4pm. Come check it out!
So yea. Ima go to sleep now.
you guys got it? We can play games against each other on there now if you did
well hey there haha
Super Stubborn Coffee Girl. Turns out "Cat Woman" was taken.
Is there anything better than watching the #Cubs get crushed at Wrigley?
now how do I do that?!
Hurry up and catch up! The end should be epic!
I love this!!
Do you follow and have you read the "fact sheet" about the debt deal? If you do & have, plz find me a fact.
Happy Hump Day!!! :)
Brie or goat, please.
Good luck to our AP Comp Sci and AP Spanish guys who are testing today!
I suck at twittering if I don't keep up w/my timeline...
can i have a shoutout please? love u sm
hey Hope Everything is goin good for u taylor
wah !!! Well when Is it good for all of us to go .. Or I'll go twice !
Here comes goodbye <3
undress me with your eyes, your in for a suprise, whats underneath my exterior - <3
thanks Lexi girl!! (: hope your day is lovely!
The play test isn't out yet right? I signed up I thought.
Better #tonguetwister "the wrestling #russell westbrook wears an irish wrist watch on"
Leaving work now to get to Miller Park! Go #Brewers!
Youu a Bad girl & ya friendss Bad Too . #Me&MyTeam
LADIES WE HAVE PURSES!!!!
2 suspicious envelopes w/white powder found at Portland airport &downtown Hilton.Hazmat crews on scene. reports 6:30.
This biweekly happening is to dedicated coupon clippers what the full moon was to Druids.
fun time at tenjune:)
try a migraine that knocks you out from pain that i can only describe as shot gun to the chest. Thanks to Vicodin 10mg plus!
So I'm changing my last name today. Initials officially going from ASH to ASS.
The song What Makes You Beautiful sounds like Kidz Bop loll.... sorry
oh yeah!.... I'm hanging out with her today..... HAHAHAHA
I Been Followed that person..!
40 minute run-walk during lunch break & I feel much better.
I luh them amazon joints. 160+lbs
NY Times erratum today: "Baku is a city of more than 2 million people, not a 'seaside village.'"
MAVC closed today...all practices are canceled for this evening.
RT : RT : Nonprofits added jobs faster than for-profits during last 10 years: report
I remember when you were trying to get 15,000 followers. Now you have over 400,000! Im so proud
I think should call and leave Me a nice voicemail to help me get through my day!? please?
I can't wait to see what's in store for Saturday! You are quite the wild one!
Most Definitely. I'll get on that ASAP. I should have a short bio for you very soon.
ayyee call me!
Myself and are looking forward to it!
Hold up. Coffee as a cardinogen. That's just wrong. Pickled vegetables, maybe (excluding cukes)
Today was amazing, goodnight everyone <3
Finished #reading THE OBSIDIAN BLADE by Pete Hautman. Cliffhanger ending. Didn't get to meet the cat.
... So, in order the fact that we are part of the crew, in order that we think the same, we will do the same. Morning Blue Pearl....
really? Wow that's dumb. Twitter needs to stop being drunk. Hahaha
Because of labor budget I have to cut 1/4 of my plot - chip away? or start over?
It's like I'm finally awake, and you're just a beautiful mistake.
Subway, yes. <3 #food>people
I get better musically each time...2nd2none
Also, I've got a lot on my plate right now. I'm my own boss & a full-time mechanic...
did my dissertation on adult 1st generation students. There are a really fabulous and courageous group. Thank u 4 the focus
"Adrenaline"......you will thank me.
Spot trending now in Lombard, IL: Mrs. Fields - Dessert (live updates)
Finally I blocked her :)
Ha! You win.
</inside joke> MT : u are a doll. i sure am! tagging -- he deserves some laura love 2. BRILLIANT.
mayweather dont want any part of pacman but i hope there are better days for.boxing coming up ahead in the future
It was a great event, but nowhere near as fab as the ones they've had in Denver! ;)
#Can I Live
Hoop Hour tonight at Brackets...come join ur Mustang coaching staff!
Woo!!! Chase Budinger over Diddy!!! Slam Dunk Contest
great minds think a like ? (; haha your gonna marry louis & ill marry liam harry zayn and niall deal? (;
We will be meeting at 6PM on the 2nd Thursday of every month at ZenCha Tea Salon
DERRICK ROSE. DERRICK FELL.
a Hoosier welcome to Twitter
Shiner and cold milk. Not as good as it sounds
If you follow me I'll release 33 and a half chinese nuns from my trunk.
SDCH to distribute toys+food to 1,300+ kids at Holiday Party at Golden Hall, Sat., 12/17, 12 to 3p.
My friend got a deathly hallowed tattoo I'm so jealous
Social search brings trust to search results
home base of the mega church movement...not surprising.
It amazes me how people can't spell my last name when the here it
this guy is annoying -_-
cute. Did you go ?
thanks Bob!
mom said thanks and she loves the cover of "Daughters" It made her cry.
Rushbots are apparently very easily confused… which is, I gather, why he has them as an audience base.
I'm Dress But I Don't Like My Outfit
March 9 - 11 in Cherry Hill, NJ
Not feeling good at all
in the library
lol Kobe has taken 17 shots. 9 more than the 2nd most on the team
#Leaders: You can only assess & evaluate so much, so choose carefully.
go to my bed now late
We would BOTH be helping animals!! i said to my mum i dont want to work with people only animals!
I can't stand the assumption that bc a woman is angry, it's bc she's on her period. It belittles our actions.
how about look up if a contract for life is legal in nfl. Seems like it shouldn't & Adams is just wasting people's time
Doctor says i'm overdoing it in the yardwork department. Mayhaps I should be (gasp) actually writing again!
For the 1st quarter of 2012, the S&P 500 Index surged 12% while the Dow jumped 8.1% making it the best first quarterpercentage gain sinc
BahahahaRT : "Everybody is beautiful in thier own way" -Someone Ugly
STBs! Sexually transmitted babies!
oh yeah haha
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Make sure you grab the current issue of Fangoria... I'm on the cover with the likes of Johnny Depp and John Cusak for THE THEATRE BIZARRE!
#nevershoulduever -disreespect ur mom or a lady it isnt rite at all
locked myself out of my ipod:/ gotta go to the apple store and fix it might aswell get a new ipod!:)
Thanks! Great to see you, too.
I get jealous because I care.
Hello Twitter friends. I'm back. Miss me? LOL
I cnt wait!!
we need to hangout and play cod or something!!
actually eat like 5 for me cuz i really want a taco right now
i wish i was as spoiled as these kids sitting courtside at the Lakers game...
Thanks for the lead! call Mary at 919-876-5997 and we will get you the right person to speak with.
I need to stop looking at all the nummy food on during lunch.... making me so hungry!!!
&#9825; Take a LOOK Camera Detector Pro Protect your home RonPaul
"Love it , so up lifting : Went to church this morning by watching BET morning services"
Alright. New half.
I'm ready to get this party started!!! So excited and much love to Greg & Lin!!
I can tell that burrito really got the best of you
Got a taste for homemade potato salad
Check us out at Dunkxchange on Feb.14 in Vegas (Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip) from 5-10pm. Special prices just for that day, so don't miss it
Update: kid is back with no food. So you ate it at the restaurant while I was watching your things?
Thank you so much! Working on some new tunes currently. Do you play music?
I got one 2 weeks ago. Meg is waiting for one to show up again, so let me know if they come back!
Dear auto-play videos: Just don't.
Thanks much MAN! - Appreciate the shout-out man!
I do too! Not hollywood ice cube though, I want the gangster one
nature is beautiful.
staying in tonight ..jus want to sleep
Shirt attempt number two? I like it!
What’s your wildest Monster In-Law story?
He's dead?! Was Kim Jong ill?
Thanks Natasha, I enjoyed the group a lot.
Just looked at my schedule...22 hours next week!
People pay according to the quality of hair. Synthetic hair is cheaper. But "human" hair, you can pay anywhere from $50+ per pack
Learning my way through #mailchimp!!
I just coined this phrase you might like: Go positive or go home!
#Raw Somebody call my momma!
I would be honored to tell the story on your web site. How do I proceed?
network gatekeeping theory - multiple aspects of contrl (inform., power, relationships) - need to look at the persp of the "gated"
When the circumstances are too hard to face, that's when we go looking for a second opinion.
I'd like to discuss THE MISSION LAS VEGAS with you. I think you may be interested in its sustainability and social focus.
thanks! Glad you found it useful!
Hip hop stand up! Pittsburgh salute! We are single handily emerging in hip hop thanks to &
definitely the new joint for friday nights :-)
Championship Tuesday in tennis and golf
Goodnite Twitter! (: Hope to have more followers in the morning. I follow back! (: <3
Just saw Dr Kermis at the movies hahaha the man does not dress down
Any estimate would be statistically significant with that sample size. Call it a population and drop the stats.
Thx Alex!! RT : For people traveling on 465 north at the junction of 86th watch out for #cops doing radar
I just don't understand how people believe in evolution. I do not get it. At all.
I Got My Belly pierced!
Greenpeace activists arrested after Sweden protest
And how very dashing you will look too.
If money didn't change yaa u didn't make enough
I still don't get why #LittleBear is nude and his parents dress in Victorian garb!?!?!?! And why doesn't he eat duck & hen.
anything by Dave Koz :)
What's wrong with two bitches in a dress?
I was on the road by 6:00 am-Hope your Monday in Asheville was fun and you got back to LA with no delays :)
Looks pretty fake. Silly people.
Its a #HappySaturday because its my birthday it fills great to be 19
All fashion bitches out there, how do you manage to wear blazers and scarfs(even they are summer stuffs) in this weather? I'm too sweaty
any #DCdesign jobs in?
RT : #NeverShouldYouEver judge someone without knowing them
We are right next to each other but it feels like we are so far apart.
Apparently it's only class warfare when the lower classes fight back.
My life would be shit without My Taylor <3 #ImSoInLove. Almost 3 years Baby! #AwwYiss! P.L.U.R.<3
Grateful Dead "Here Come Sunshine" from #dickspicks1 def the best version they ever played.
I hate when I run over an illegal immigrant and they have the nerve to ask to mow my lawn.
I have one C & it's in history. I hate history
Watchin the comebacks,this shit is comedy!
oh man im bored ready to go home
what happened ?
How many days?? And can we please have a celebration and/or sleepover the day you two get here? :)
Can my bus maybe not be late cause I kinda have an AP to take..
LOL Where u at
you need to calm down and stop tweeting so much! My timeline is going crazy..
Yall wanna know the kinds of things my mind wonders about? Watch the movie INKUBUS. IF U BELIEVE IN ANGELS THEN U HAVE TO BELIEVE IN DEMONS!
Tomorrow 8am-10am: Receive a 5-quart non-synthetic oil change for $29.99 and a FREE tire rotation!!! Not valid with any other offer.
Is it acceptable to go to five guys by yourself
Gave a beggar 75 cents. He gave me a tip on a c-box for my car = better gas mileage. He used to work for Chrysler. #Humbled by humanity
Stoked for the grand opening March 10th...Hell of a deal too!
Is a walrus the same thing as a sea lion? I feel like I shouldn't have to ask this at my age, but I really don't know.
#FromThisDayForward i will ignore everything she says
So you're telling me that guy I made out with on the street wasn't ?? That's on my list of oh-no-no's
Sleepless night at hotel due to annoying high-pitch tone coming from across the street. :(
Another #Spinners break... 18-13 lead over #Constitution 5 mins left in regulation.
Hey Q102! Great to see you connected on Twitter!
get on amanda diva's new mixtape too, . and come back to the city, you need to get from under that rock
Just checking in to check out the scene before checking out.
Excited that our company Holiday party is this weekend. We get to have drinks and dinner with the dinosaurs!
#dhtrial 2nd most interesting : watching the settlement Judge Bixon's court while parties moved between rooms in talks today. Fascinating.
Oh it looks awesome, great job!! I see the #BillGates quotes is still up there :)
My allergies are so bad it's utter misery!! WTF is growing here in Michigan..lol
i miss you dude!!!
A true rock legend and his sax were silenced! The "Big Man" will be missed. RIP Clarence Clemons!
Going to see Conan O'Brien with the wifey and
haha, some of our plugins or whatever only work on firefox. i prefer chrome, honestly
Happy anniversary!!!
Foster Buddies Network Needs Your Help!
I appreciate him keeping team here but other than letting Moore rebuild the minors he has been terrible owner
You're ready to GO! 39 days.
I'm up and starvingg
originally i'm italian. But live in Toronto now
Up in the nose bleeds Still fun tho!
Awesome!! A plus tard!
Editing this video 5 hrs in learned a valuble lesson, just because your own adobe cs5 master collection doesn't mean you know what ur doing
Why are you going to NYC?
Friday 10 and 12. Will you be there?
Wake up & make your dreams come true.
TC HOOLIGANS OF GREECE GIVEAWAY COMING UP IN ABOUT 45 MINS, LISTEN FOR PAULY'S CUE TO CALL 222-KISS!
ha a little bit :p but you know you like it c;
I'd take a jab at Kanye too, and a right hook, upper cut, axe kick, round house, hay maker, arm bar, triangle.. the list goes on...
That looks painful. What happened?
smg : Held the door open for a green eyed mixed gurl She never cracked a smile or said thank you....Baby girl you still a NIGGA!!
true. Not sure what an AP discount is, but team members only get 20% off. Cheaper to golf at Disney with an AP.
We hope that all of our teachers past, present & future had a wonderful Nat Teacher Day! We wld NOT be where we are w/out U!
because of 's beautiful voice, perhaps?
Finally broke down and purchased the Thesis Theme (Developers Option)!
As far as those classes, Direction Concepts, Media Bus. & Enter., Culture in Dig. Age, Avant Garde in Dig. Media, Creative Strat.
Follow me ?!
Doing a show at The 47 Spot,With Dj Da Dre,,,Team Jesus Baby
Im following way too many low-class people.
Day 2 sick with the kids. I'm sure all of my students are using the class blog to work without me right?
might as well cancel the show
Mathematically speaking, your life is the relationship of 1 to infinity. Solve that!
Mauer goes under the knife recently. Now, he's weak, achy with sore joints? Sounds like a staph infection to me. If so, that's not good.
I can tell you how it ends - badly. Heck, I don't even watch the show & I can tell you that.
RT : Richard Serra talks to me about his drawing show today at noon on "The Front Row."
Understandable. Thanks for the feedback!
Really dug your prep for accessibility. And the QR codes on the flyer was brilliant--definitely incorporating that.
“: May 1st. Avoid wal-mart at all cost.” wake up, wake up, wake up its the first of the month
you know what's up.
RT : For god's sake, Baltimore, you can't host a show on Cezanne & Am. modernism -- then close your Am. modernism galleries.
about 15% of women think men will be bad in bed if he has these... what??
LET DOWN
DVR alert 4 Blake Shelton on Tonight Show W/Jay Leno & Lady A on Late Nt W/Jimmy Fallon(NBC).
The Genius of Warhol: that people call him genius for his pop, all whilst being ignorant to real reasons his artistic action made him genius
RIP Dick Clark. You were an American icon & pop culture legend. New Year's will be rockin' a little hard without you.
The 1st half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the 2nd half by our kids.
Hey everybody, excited to be joining the team!
Oh No! BTDT Next time use a slow cooker, you can be absent minded and not burn dinner. ;)
Found out that Paul McCartney LOVED the mix of his song that I did for a Linda McCartney Cancer Foundation benefit record! Today = good day!
true. And that's really the only reason I see for a presser announcing NBA bound. Everything else points to the unexpected.
Type Brick In These NY Streets. Bundle Up Son
RT : ppl did not have to "fan" the page to get a bumper sticker so ppl who fan are more likely to be real fans
I dined on several tonight. prefer the bottle to the draft oddly enough. drowning in hops and rain in the city tonight.
Oh! I will have to try the Vinho Verde next time.
lol..wth life it's such a wonderland!!! Just when u think thats it boom u get something extra hm wait fr it,wait fr it pow:)!
#SaySomethin IS AMAZING.. #SOPROUD IT'S PURE PERFECTION.. IT'S HEAVEN , I LOVED IT <3
I almost walked outside with the bird on my head.
follow me
Cheap ass food and drinks all day today.
Tough loss for #Cubs. Dempster looked great.
well unless u know something I don't let me know, I work for state police in Dallas . U?
"One feels inclined to say that the intention that man should be 'happy'' is not included in the plan of ''Creation.''' - Sigmund Freud
Hump day in LA is a lot harder than Boston.
where do you work?
cinnamon rolls for breakfast and rootbeer floats for lunch = (un)productive day!
such a fan.
thanks for reading & tweeting!
Concern for naturalist, David Attenborough. Antarctica is no place for such a nice old man. Stand-up to BBC. Let the old man go home.
@ you're right Henry has really shown up tonight
Since I have no power, can I burn my old #friendster account to stay warm?
I am not a Belieber but that person passed me off because of what she did! She's totally fake!
Don't be slave to other ppl opinion !
#ThingsIwantTheMost A girl that doesn't screw me over in the end
we were friends in Correia
lol yes very true. How's Xia? She in college yet?
please retweet lazy e arena. Monster truck show. Friday and Saturday night
I guess we can blame Obama for this? says top american companies "making money hand over fist" on
I've been seeing a lot of people here in Buffalo wearing these red silicone wristbands with the words "I am..." on them. I finally asked
Swear, if my little brother acts like half the guys I talk to, imma kill him...
I honestly don't know what I am going to do without 's #favoritethings show this year.
To the tiny, tiny container of cheesy, cheesy mac & cheese for $7 from Whole Foods...you get the Totally Worth It award today.
- having problems getting logged in to webinar
because when you live in those boundaries, you start to say, okay, life, it's on. let's make this happen.
Congratulations! What a lovely name too.
I've decided that I will not drink my 2008 Dogfish Head Fort until I complete beer school. What a delicious thing to look forward to!
I told you would take offense to that :)
Our short pilot will be showing tonight at the Hollywood Fringe Fest, with the centerpiece feature, Pure Shock Value. Amazing show!
I feel like I am going to enjoy the summer here :) Airing out the house today
when's that start?
I'm going to guess that you like them? Hahah :)
he's very talented!
Let's go sox!!!
I love you too! <3
Is it 5pm yet??
Quiet, cold wx pattern looks to cont for next 5-7 days across Upper Midwest. Small snow chance awaits come Mon/Tues; NOT significant attm
you can tell me you love me. lmfao. How are you feeling shump?
Thank you very much for the support and feedback. I appreciate the retweet too. Thank You, Kisar
I UNLEASHES MINE 3 HOURS AGO. beastest movie EVER.
My Dad just said how old is that....(we will say Madona to be nice) she's gotta be 80 or so! The things that come out of my Dad's mouth! ha
I FOUND A PICTURE OF THE HOTDOG WID OUT THE BUN IN DA PHONE
missed you today!
Very true. RT : Worry doesn't help tomorrow's troubles, but it does ruin today's happiness. – Anon #smile rt :D
#understatement MT : Allen West is a fucking idiot.
You're like the first piece of bread in the bag. Everyone touches you, but nobody really wants you.
Women AND Warriors!!! Your camps start Monday! See our home page for info. on both....AdaptTraining.com
in that case. Nope. Mayb tomorow :P
Yes yes yes please!! Where does the shuttle run from?
come on sunday! we need to have a practice with everyone there so we can win games.
NothingI just wanna an arab friend like U...! thats all
Snow forecasted here in LA for tomorrow?
These have been the best two days of my life!
My babe is always there when i need him, he keeps a smile on my face and we can be goofy and serious together . We got something good :)
Oh my what a weekend!
just saw your tweet! I was actually in Florida! Hope you had a great time in TN!
wrote a song: #niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!RT
YES! RT : Esp. in light of NY!! Go #runnerds!! RT : We r out supporting 4 their race tday!
I just went through the website. Now I am hungry. I'll need to drop by when I'm in Portland.
What an emotional morning watching those miners in Chile make their ways to freedom. Happy thoughts to them and their families!
seems like all the above. but it floats, it gets books around, pro-literacy... still neat
I'm a look a like. So hopefully I get laid. Daniel, let me smack that ass.
I feel like my hearts about to shatter....
no cavities! now i can go to australia
No Kidding. That article is pointless & offensive. The comments are also absurd. The whole thing is a complete waste.
she said thank you so much and she loves you too baby girl!
I declare next Sunday "Take a Jew To Church" Day! Let's get them some Jesus!!! #Right?? Also PLEASE vote GOP 2012!!! lol
I feel outta touch missed my twitter alot
It's strange how the things we regret are the also the things we deserved.
Im wrking on mobile app w &we're calling a grp of stops collection connections-but path works too [more]
okay? i've seriously been excited for this since i was in 6th grade for 's junior prom.
I was! After the fact, I hear I missed you Florian. Dammit!
My mother needs to say my name right , omg . Its Brandon !
hey...how is everything?
was at Beauty Bar. Ugh. And before that like 4 couples in front of us at a concert were making out. STOP IT!
wait nevermind cutie
currently at the Tacoma store and loving seeing the sun and blue skies breaking through the clouds!
I'm very excited to see Nerlens Noel bring his talents to UK next year
Kesha I went last march and it was crazy!! It was so humid. Not a fan...lol
Awww fuck it to feel like a champ I'm going to go take my daily run
#naisac12 we will be 21st century schools when our students are constructing knowledge
I probably will.
Got a red bucket and a bell and people have been giving me tons of cash! Best fundraising idea ever!
Instead of trying to accommodate the Word of God to our changing culture, we need to accommodate our culture to the unchanging Word of God.
Don't be afraid. It's not magic, it's #salesforce!
Do you have a heart? Obviously not. 😡
Can't Wait Sorors! I will definitely be there! Love ya!
hey dave! i'm adding the Cinco de Mayo pub crawl to Girls Guide to Seattle. Do you know where you'll kick off the crawl?
is this the one tht stalks me?
haha! anything is possible with a keyboard and a mouse!
beach day. taking a break from work
Derek Morgan and Penelope Garcia ❤
If you ever feel the urge to open a strip or burlesque club, promise that you'll name it Two N's, One Tease.
I'm sure you can find them in the city - the store I got it at is in Nassau county - lake success shopping center
Cuban in one hand... Scotch in the other... All I need is a French woman in my lap and I am the freaking United Nations!
leaving today for a story on protecting Mexican gray wolves in the Gila National Forest, will be back on Sunday
I personally loved 's performance tonight, I think he did amazing! But that's just my opinion. I love you Pip.<3
Turn your ego down a little.
iowa did that do when I was there
If she ask what you doing after the club
your welcome
Metta is playing great so far
Playing iPhone word games in the middle of the night in Vegas... not conducive to winning. FYI
I am having the toughest, silliest temptation resistance EVER right now! The tempter: Fast Food. Lord give me strength to make it home!
Please stay out of #WI! Ash Wed was illegal, one Senate Dem arrested would make it legal. This is about more than
It's a great day in Chicago to get drunk and watch sports.
I believe I said "you really don't look bad.. You're just being all Erin about it"
Oh oh oh sweet child o' mine
Follow/Enjoy
Not sure. But will look into it and get back.
Turn up and follow Mississippi party scene
Two days left to fill out your brackets - we're giving away a 32 inch TV to the winner plus tons of Capt. Morgan prize packs! Get in here!!
unfortunately neither of us have a whole lot going on there.
ha! filthy!
We’ll be at SharePoint training this week, learning even more about creating sites without coding! (fun for us geeky-types!)
Pinterest has spread its influence through the many social media addicts. You may enjoy it on a personal level, but have you thought abou...
as many bottles of "win" as your heart desires :P
we'll make plans in Spanish (:
Very windy day here in #GrandRapids. I hope the branches over my house hang tight
oh the preacher said he was a good man, & his brother said he was a good friend, but the women in the two black veils didn't bother to cry<3
Fair point. I think that the majority of the audience would be lost if they went into APIs.
after the flute incident last week, why is #katyperry fake playing the guitar on the AMA's??? N E 1 who plays the guitar can easily tell!!!
Cool! Thanks for following! :)
When you coming home for a visit? I'm thirsty!!!!
are in tough spot with Beckett
We got Peyton!!!! Just wanna keep Tebow too!
Why did you stop following me? ": Sitting in the Dr office. Their playing nice soft music. Out of no where "Is this...
Egan's advice: read, write regularly, give yourself permission to write badly so the interesting stuff can come along. Read!
i wanna put it on my binder xDD
i agree.
In #FridayListens, coming close to halfway mark of LOVE YOU MORE by Lisa Gardner. Not too gripped by this one for some reason.
I guess that's a simpleish one. I just opened up my notes and chose one at random. :P
ok... fine. Music on hold.
i wonder what im doinq after homecominq ?.
Is this a lyric to a Kanye song I don't know?
looking forward to Feb 15th at brooklyn Bowl.
but can one time, we get some breezies with a college degree, a future maybe? Even a suga mama cougar type.
Laura Veirs - Sun Is King - 11:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Good day for new York sports....
Just a little too late I guess...
I feel like shit...
So fun meeting my new writing students today. They named and as authors they admire. Smart students!
Freestyle jedi Thelonious Stretch performing at Smiling Moose in Southside tonite, one of his last shows before he moves to NY. Come thru!
Just tweeted my owns elf.....no more 🍃
FOX VINEYARDS AND WINERY are in Helen GA
Hey Jessica & patch team! I just emailed a press release with a Memorial Day story for you. Let me know your thoughts :) -Katie
It sounds amazing, and I'm so glad you're getting to travel more. What an experience. Enjoy the place, HH, & the students.
hello girl. Remember to breathe
Cloud isn't always the best option.
it’s easy to keep your pie warm when it’s 140 degrees outside. Bad news: you’re decomposing from heat-rot.
Hey do how is everyone? Y'all excited for raw!?!?!?!
Compare "The Queen Is Dead" with anything Morrissey has done in the past decade. He's got nothing to lose by begging Marr for a reunion.
Cobra Duct Tape, Nice. I'm down with that idea.
Life is good when your marriage is happy, your business is successful, and your faith in God is strong.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I know deep in side ,Mrs. Donohue is laughing soo hard at what the things we say
I love the
those who can,do and those who can't, bully
the same ol shyt!
Looks good! Can't wait to see if in person. :)
The banter on today is exceptionally hilarious. "I don't know what I'd do without you, Ralph." "Probably a better job."
Knicks need Novak, Smith to have shot - New York Post
": << This weirdo ..." I knew this cocksucker by the name of darell
Having a house concert. Surprisingly good acoustics & a lot of fun.
the small lebowski
I'm losing you and its effortless...
I am out of town but will call him when I get back.
charley you do have swagager :') just has to much swagger, we need to steal some <3
now that is just gross!
Just met an all girl Harry Potter dodge ball team The name of their team makes me blush.
Remember toast is only bread.
Bye bitches!
G.M.N.I.: Can't sleep. Reflecting. All signs point to the obvious.
Tired of celebs who retweet messages from their fans blowing smoke up their ass.
Good training for the party last night. Get ready for the 23rd. Suits dresses drinks dancing santa and charity
Russell is a transfer from Eastern Kentucky University
I'm so sorry, Joe.
Turned out to be a pretty interesting night =) After a 12+ hour shift... I'm tappin' out..
Messing with people on the sidewalk with lazer pointers>>>>
Baby I just need some motivation
Someone should do a study on how much less productive people are on rainy days. I'd do it myself, but I'm way too tired.
Spoke with 2 today about branding, feeling a lil validated >_<
like new york..haha..
Well said brother. Oye papo, when am I gonna see an live show?!
he's got some nasty virus, and his brother is off at a birthday party. It's about seventy times easier with just one kid, omg.
no prob, u check out the site?
Every year there are 9 "Pro Bowl" QBs because players differ, injured, or are playing in SB. Now there will be fewer "Pro Bowlers"
My niece always has the hiccups.
“: I miss working with & !!! at tropical heat sundays!!!”- Good Pple
My baby (my mom) got four teeth pulled today,,, i feel bad because she can't eat the good stuff
I'll look for you online this evening
I can't believe my friends just totally abandoned me out of nowhere :'(
Nah,but's that cool the Heat are third on my list behind the Lakers and Bobcats
yeah, it was probably best that I wasn't on the show. They'd just misspell my name
"Canada’s “hyper-competitive” mortgage-lending has depressed returns to unacceptable levels that aren’t likely to last."...
You get a lot of funny looks walking 5 dogs down the street.
Gray day on the Gray Lady.
Truer words.... “: man, i write for MONEY RT : do you write for fans or players?”
Scott Brown shouldn't be able to hold military officer commission and be a US Senator at the same time = interruption chain of command
Fear of the Lord is the foundation of true knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and discipline. Proverbs 1:7
How has social media advanced your career? Please share your thoughts!
Join us for happy hour from 4-6 p.m. with $2 pints of beer and half price apps! Then, tonight at 10 p.m., it's Open Mic Night!
Ah, yeah...I think I've heard of him. Forgot they were the Mules!
I think im gona end up dying at the gym somehow smh the shit I do lol
I really wish little queers would stop being divas and find something productive to do....
“: Oh, you replied to my text with the letter "K"...you must like talking about Potassium.”
good show last night boys!
Who's a computer geek now?!?! We all are now!
WOW! Look who Tweeted! Thanks! :) RT : Happy anniversary to my wonderful friends and !!!!
Loved the idea of fans as a picture on cover photo, but how do you do it?
"true" & "real" argument is wrong. If I wasn't true Bronco fan, I wouldn't be here bitching that I think Denver made bad move!
Watching Glen Beck because my grandparents are. Just what I need right now. Doom and gloom. #pleaseshutupif you don't have good news.
reagrding post, Twitter is a bad thing for 80% of people. Can't control themselves behind a computer
see you on the flipside motherfuckers
Sure thing!
Dear N/EUSA:I know unless U grow up w/earthquakes a 5.8 tremor is scary but U really do have 2 know that CA is laughing at you. Sorry.
Front row choreo practice today for new uptune went great!
I KNOW, I Am #Special 😜
#NW The Voice
Actually charger but you know what I mean! Is it too early for a Bloody Mary or Champagne? Totally random but I'm in the mood
There were a couple points where I would have had the same confusion.
i followed u my lil sis and her crew we followed u i have a crew to but we live in new york danceannoick98 is the name
I can't wait to go to an amusement park this summer 😃👍☀🎢
Doingg my hw tonight so that I can go out & sleep thiss whole weekend :)
Read the lyrics of a song you sang as a kid. Try to remember where you first heard it. It's Arts & Humanities Month!
Getting more active on the LinkedIn forums.
#myraptureplaylist includes songs by Prince: New World, Emancipation, and Rainbow Children.
And the bands who goes to heaven can do an "overseas" tour to hell. Yes.
Watching the Houston Texans play the Tennessee Titans
Hive you that, however, 'the nerds' selling the approach to the non-techies might need diff words for diff audiences.
Cry me a twitter river
Watch your habits: They become your character. Watch your character: It becomes your destiny.
Wait, Gonzo hasn't matched that yet for his career.
has been awesome so far!
Another early morn. Hanging out with Rochester's jazz radio station jazz90.1 in a bit. Tune in!
I have a Skype interview tomorrow, too! And have the exact same plan.
Who are you bringing to ConnectPoint tomorrow? Looking forward to a family service full of families! See you at 10:30
got hit by a train. The #soultrain. Then Dragged over the tracks and dumped into dankville. Cause your nuggs suck!
“: Ever looked at the past and realized how much of an idiot you were?”
I've decided I don't need an education, I need a case of rum and a cat with 19 toes.
Feels like winter again.
Phil still has one of my favorite quotes ever "a great shot is when you pull it off. A smart shot is when u don't have the guts to try it"
Pretend you just finished a surprise quiz that's 50% of your grade. ;)
Much gratitude to for causing me to pause and inform myself before I financially supported the #stopkony campaign.
Oh 2:30am Quesadilla, how can you be so cruel, after I loved you so much last night.
Uh, Jose Canseco, for SURE.
so refreshing. Not everyone wants to hear about heartbreak. There are actually happy ppl out there. Keep it up
i dont like makin people mad i dont do it on purpose but im not gon worry bout it rite now im already highly irritated fuk people
#niallwhipshispenis is hot!!!!!!!!!!!
can we skip last block tomorrow and get the bronzing going? ☀
Tip off for the Warren vs Ft Bend Travis state semifinal is in 30 minutes. Watch the game on TWC ch 888. GO WARRIORS!!
RT : Awe!! Thanks John! :) It's been forever it seems like! I emailed it to you, I hope you like it! :)>>Love it!
I'm going to go to the gym and then to eat a Doritos Loco Taco, because I like to keep my body guessing whether or not I hate it.
#LINsanity RT : And once again... The Lakers disappoint me on the road. :/
shoulda been in McKeesport this weekend I had to fight dudes lol
Just recorded the MOST fuct up episode of DontBeAfraidOfTheDark I've ever done. You shall be offended soon. I promise.
Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you. -Bruce Henderson
we're celebrating the day o green with fun decorations, green on the crew and green whip cream. come on down for a nw cherry chocolate shake
you could cut it
Round Trip Limousine packages for Denver Concerts starting at $75.00 each way. Call for a limousine Quote today!!! www.denverlimousine.com
I didn't know McDonalds actually served what a normal person considered "food".
The Mother's Day remake was just OK. Jaime King was pretty great.
new iPad doesn't impress me either ;-)
#INMIDDLESCHOOL tried out for basketball for da 1st time
RT : So, the same people who decided pizza is a vegetable now deciding whether censoring the internet is a good idea. Terrific.
