And best wishes to the #BrewCrew !
ah, but the margaritas at Nacho Mamas are killer!
Speaker Boehner, I do not think "bipartisan support" means what you think it means. Democrats opposed "Cut Cap and Balance" 181 to 5.
Found my way to study for the APUSH exam. Games. So elementary, but I see results.
she's like sigh it looks like a lot of text cause it is but omg she is so funny and interactive and youll love her on your dash
Fresh Out The Shower.
I'm going to see my niece & nephew toma. Haven't seen them since the State took em.
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts. Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking....
fed hill, canton and Hampden!
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.” ― George Carlin
It appears competency is increasingly becoming rarer and rarer in most spheres, especially at the highest rungs of the ladder.
I really think I should start tweeting more often.. Not like people pay attention to me anyway. :P
With Dear Santa trending, I'm thinking about the letters writes to the Jolly Ol' Man. Always makes me smile, li'l sis!
You Are So Beautiful is TT and it reminds me of cause he always say that to me.lol
The JoeMobile will be at Plymouth Green Street Fair this Sat. and Sun. Good Italian eatin'. I promise.
I'm nearly dead.
BrewPalooza starts at 3 today--bands til midnight...all to raise money for the Chardon Healing Fund! Mac's Irish Red on tap, too!
Nah, we're not in a lost generation, we'll figure it out.
I am having the same experience so far. Always minimal punctuation and grammar fixes. Love the editors at B/R
Yes! Finally getting to take an class!
cell dunked in hot tub. need to reach me? call 207 794 6652
Great, I'm going to have to start an OKCupid account for a god damn bird so I can get some peace.
OMG why say everybody that i can sing i hate that i CANT' SING okey?
Duck face females, Kissy face
have fun at #forumdenver !
Dewey's attorney: Dewey has challenging adjustment ahead, has never even used a cell phone before.
Now to unload the monstrosity
Does anyone have and good training materials or resources for Students and Teachers using Google Apps together?
A few hours left for my #executivecoaching offer. Funny how the initiated want coaching...Email me
would you whip it up on "me" 1st? ;)
the one about the guy having high school writing skill lol
So I tried getting support via your ticket system as suggested. Kelly called me the wrong name & closed my ticket without a fix.
Why are the MOST unsuccessful people the most judgmental!?
u live in Seattle?
I call it my theory of relativity run
Stop wasting time and call us! So you can start calling live people and reach deals, convert that ROI by 100's!
Be a lover not a fighter but always fight for what you love.
the revolution will be televised........
#Bills score, are actually ahead. Nice for a change...
oh, had no idea. from other end of the table she looked fine. very fine actually. thought alcohol was like water off duck for u two
Country Fried Pork Belly Benedict -- black pepper hollandaise / pickled red onion / ciabatta / house potato
Send every single person who comes to the club an email to say THANK YOU for spending time with your club.
I want a date to go see act like a women think like a man. On some friend type though
#BestPickupLines "Hi I'm Ryan Gosling."
lovelovelove that movie!
I can tell.. U should DM me
I really hope the mail man drops off my bundle today... Come on Mustache Carl! (my mailman)
Mineral Point pitcher Brock May settles down & retires Alex Biddick on a pop up to third base & Aaron Swan on a pop up to first for 2 outs.
yeaa he tells me everything.!(x
With the buttracker, of course.
#Wisconsin is all "Fired Up" to go #Forward into the best years, the USA has every known. The Best America Dream is with our reach!
i texted back(:
I really need to figure out what the f**k I'm doing with my life...
": I've learned that it's not what you have in life, but who you have that counts. #MarilynMonroeID"
#nightowls starts tonight at 8pm. Stop by if you're a #developer in #phx working on a project or
let me know if I can be of any help!
Nice, i hail from the east side of cleveland
Tweeting from my text messages ok? I actually have work to do instead of play on twitter
Congratulations!!! RT Holy cow. THE HEROINE'S BOOKSHELF just won a Colorado Book Award! I am speechless.
In N Out for the 2nd time
Still got time to head over to Century Rio 24 to catch the movie Rio on opening day! Then come check out our flight exhibits @ the musuem!
Yup you are my weakness and yup I wont admit it
hey there! i just changed my user name to jack_maxwell. It's like I disappeared and reappeared... but only different!
#Pain in my neck! Literally.
I love hearing ESPN talk up the Cousins pick. Acting like it makes sense to draft him. At least Jaws is speaking truth.
It's one of the reasons most people know me by my last name, even at work.
Are you going to the game friday?
In other words, "tough but fair" is about the best reputation a college teacher could have.
If you don't mind subtitles, the original is one of my favorite films of all time. Check it out; Le Diner de Cons
Thanks Karen! I'll try to get a sitter so I can make it!
haha.. Um I'm not sure I just searched Jonathan cook and looked through all the photos on the groups.. Lol :p
excellent RT : my kettle is on the stove now, heating up to make me a Kuma Nicaragua Pour-Over.
"If it doesn't work out, call me" -Lindzi WHAT?!
yea i bet it is i was there last year and im going later tonight and welcome
Social Services Block Grant creates main street solutions to problems. Bipartisan & signed by Pres
all i want to do is run in the sun. biking is no fun.
I LOVE UR IMAGINES!!!
Very excited about playoffs! Two fave teams are NY Rangers and Nash Preds. Could be in the final?
What is your biggest challenge when painting?
What a turd! My son went and grabbed the measuring cup off the counter that still had a tiny bit of milk in it...
Resistance training can improve immune and endocrine function.
Day One of the Conference is almost over - Did you have attend a "wow" session?
Mark Cherry Trial is taking so much time + tax money. Simple: No hitting #actors, #actresses. 'Directing' is lame excuse.
I will be in New York in five days to co-curate No Quarter with I have seen 's future and it is nasty.
We are taking orders on 3 designs at the moment will post shortly...
My big brother funny af!!!
It would be silly to not use it for some marketing. i aim for a 80/20 mix.
Check a PR company's track record and media relationships when deciding who to work with, from
The best of us get cold in lousy weather.
M making cornbread and chili.
haha.. Ain't that the TRUTH!!
What you on bro
When we're this young we have nothing to lose, just a clock to beat & a hand to choose<3
Why'd you have to go and make things so complicated? I SEE THE WAY YOU'RE ACTING LIKE YOU'RE SOMEBODY ELSE.
We are now accepting At-Large delegates for the 2011 Ethnic World Pageants. Age 14 and up and our elegance size 16 and up.
the world needs to see thanks alot
“Why do elephants go swimming? To get their trunks wet.” | #JayLeno (b. April 28, 1050)
Five-Year Engagement Performing Poorly, Should Jason Segel Give Up Writing? Segel may have a habit of trying to fit over complex stories
miss watching you guys.
S/O 2 OU. I got a 4-year ACCREDITED degree 4 FREE! Had I known the magnitude of this back then I would have majored in nursing or business!
I need to get some new hats. I'm thinking a Stl Cards one and a BG hotrods one :)
Jodie Fosters voice pisses me off.
I'm almost 100% sure that 's mammaries could feed a small, underdeveloped nation for a year.
wasted dollars IMO. Who clicks on ads?! It's grasping at straws. Advertisers seem lost, it's all about relationship marketing.
Wishing everyone a safe and fun weekend! Don't forget we have four convenient locations if your low on your favorite drink.
At the Pyle Center for the UW-system registrar and admissions meeting. Luckily we have air conditioning, while we chat about issues we face
you know it's all
Lowkey we sent each other the most smileys today :D
Early Feb special - all #SF>LA T's half price. Just $10 a pop. Get em while they're hot! www.WeBeGreater.com (No coupon reqd)
Kimchi Dog I love you. Can we meet again?
Morehouse/Spelman Homecoming in Atlanta is about to commence! Time to get my party on. #
#NMRealEstate 9 would be more difficult for me. I will work with whatever you decide.
like a boy gone wild!
Using the early wake up to my advantage.
yeah that's BS. She was never a mother and has NO right to feel upset on mothers day. It was her choice.
great series, good luck to the caps =]
Happy Birthday, Riley! XO
Lazy Sunday.
I hope you got that joke lol
everyone went "AW" & apparently he did too lol
yupp. just did. how u been??
You're really, really pretty. You can stop posting 5 mirror shots a day on Facebook now.
Ah now I gotchya. Where do i rate? Lol
Now Following You Back
you are the most inspirational artistic beautiful woman to walk the earth. Blow this tour out of the fucking water.
#facebookjustbought SAFEWAY. IS IT GONNA BE CALLED FACEWAY?!
well I'll know never to call you those hateful words when we talk to eachother lol ;p
You desire truth deep within me and shall make me understand wisdom in the depths of my heart. -Ps. 51:7
Smells like bug spray and feet on this #wmata bus. Yum!
Oops, I guess we parked on the wrong side of anthem. We're on Virginia.
will be LIVE from the studio doing a special interview about new collection she's working on !! 6:30 tune in
there's not a whole lot of new movies just some old ones tho :/
Oh its been a while twitter guys! How's everyone been?!
Sitting in on a Code Review Session. Summary thus far: I work w/some smart mofos!
Let's go Bucks!!
The wife and I had a Princess and Dino party for the kids this weekend..man i wish I was a kid again.
Playing a basement show in Allston Nov. 5th. Details soon! Remember, remember...
Don't even bother getting Mackenna a present because mine is going to be the best(again).
Happy Friday! Congrats
Justin Bieber is part of the #MoneyTeam I guess
Enjoying a Starbucks date with my hus. Aka him playing with the iPad and me studying.
yes 2 we could not let the second go but you will have to see it to know why.
thank you!
Why is it so hard to write the next line when I want the truth to be SAID!
Good luck to the USA Team this weekend!
Is going to break the gaga radio! Really? This repetition is KILLING her career!
Thanks! Our branding is done in house, so its near and dear to us!
LOL! Maybe we should try since I have big shoes to fill! ;-)
hit you sometime this weekend then
#Northwestern scores to tie the game five minutes in, 1-1.
My beard itches
r u a dude
Professor: how do you feel about global warming? Me: I don't.
what happened?!?
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you.
Madame Pele does a fiery dance with the evening sky
My sandless sandbags are also great for movie and video productions. Storable, lightweight and easy to move..Can be setup in minutes.
"Gun-Shy Sunshine" by Oh yes.
I love
But thru it all God has bn by my side conforting me
you'll get to meet her face to face, the day will come 💚💚
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. its only 6:57 here in california.. No ones out! Its kinda sad! Haha!
The brilliance of the lipdub was in the details, the characters doing stuff stage L&R RT : agreed. the lipdub was amazing
maybe you should watch the KY vs NC basketball game and see my CATS lay a smackdown on the heels
Clearly, I should not have chosen a book involving science for my intellectual freedom homework assignment.
"Any guy can love a thousand girls ... but only a rare guy can love one girl a thousand different ways"
Pat O's making bank tonight. Happy graduation everyone
I play Saints Row for the Xbox 360
I've never been there! :o
With all the draft picks Patriots have, could also see them trading for Tebow. They were interested in him back in 2010.
: Tension between success of 2 kinds in ed--to empower all students, AND to sort students in meaningful ways. Both valid!
is in the new studio workin on the new album
There is no reason that the Demon Hunter in #diablo3 should be wearing 4" stiletto heels. She looks ridiculous and so do her animations.
such a headache >.< I need summer again.
LeGrand is my ancestors name!
:-) RT : im so ferris bueller right now. adventure in downtown raleigh! with Michon and my baby!
STAY HAPPY
Thanks "It's not a class weekend unless you have an outburst."
“An innovator is one who does not know it cannot be done.” ~R.A. Mashelkar from TEDTalk
Heading back to clarksville for a few days
is it color?
Let's hope so!
Mac Miller - Frick Park Market >>> !
Thank You Frank!, I miss you too! I hope to see you again before the end of 2012. I will message you my phone number tomorrow.
ha I'll tell ya Saturday ;)
When bitchs walk around and swear they pussy clean NOPE BITCH your pussy dirty AF
I JUST WANT THERE TO BE ONE SOSOSOSO BADLY THIS MONTH. prob not gonna happen, but i'd like to believe there will be one because I NEEDA GO!
Hungry? Try the new Turkey Burger w/Chutney & Sweet Potato Fries in !
Zombies everywhere
Twitter is weird, don't know what to do!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Timothy O'Toole's - Pub (live updates)
#p2 Even after the lawsuit, age discrimination appears to be alive and well at Google.
Wedding rehearsal done(: eating(:
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
please follow mee?? ;D
yhur a great dancer :)
Yay for the little things! Caught up on following folks back today. Thanks for being a fan!
I wish I had a way to send that to her since I doubt you would admit that out loud!
You'll never overcome your problem until you admit you have a problem.
#blackmetrosexuallincoln might be the best hash tag ever. And a great name for a band...
i hate if i drop my ipod and my headphones in that my headphones will just come out
Your childish if you hang up the phone when you can't handle being wrong.
wow cuz he must have been on he's regular cig break
Watching regular show. Said out loud "HA, looks like a butt!" The HA should be read in donkey brae kind of voice.
01 cote rotie "brune et blonde" guigal. I'm looking for a little bacon wrapped bacon to go with it.
You can't pay the scientist by selling the book
just parked! Gotta go thru security, then see you there!
Overheard: "how many megapickles is the iPhone?"
Folks in #theeveningjones chat commenting on how a white guy wrote a book on blackness don't know academia.
told her listeners that I "shoot from the hip". So true! I want my other followers to describe me. And GO!
I am about to watch Pulp Fiction... ON VHS. First I have to rewind it. Btw, my phone doesn't know the words "VHS" or "rewind."
He's so greedy, he JUST ate
Life is like a game of poker: If you don't put any in the pot, there won't be any to take out. ~ Moms Mabley
On 1 train hovering over 125th st. & Broadway.
observing my current state of mind & heart -> then openly expressing that. RE: What's your secret for keeping the spark alive?
I should have hash tagged #guysareidiots haha ;) except for the ones from PA of course
yeah. So did the girl like her ice cream. Haha
You do you lie :'( ughh I'm done
thats the best so you can knock out
Rachel Barry!!!
excellent! Swag.
sorry Jen. Hope you're ok.
Lol. I gave my cold to my mom and I'm still sick!!! Ugh. I just want food, the kitchen is too far away. :/ Maybe later.
he'll back down.
don't think of it as losing a flight to LGA, think of it as GAINING a flight to ORD
If I am depressed or burdened, I am to blame, not God or anyone else. - O. Chambers
My mom bought a Kia so now I get a $100 referral check. Tinting those windows!
Hey, thanks for passing along my article about reading fiction. Greatly appreciated.
Back to my 9-5, miss being treated like a celebrity
Teletrac Releases Latest Version of Fleet Director - Truckinginfo
Pgh airport. Quiet but still long lines. General security lines moving much faster than "special" 1st class & business class lines. Nice!
Haha that was a good movie tho
#PepBoysAuto, I know it's important 2 keep a Neat Car; #IHaveAnIdea! I Know Your Customers Need This. EZ way 2 keep the interior clean. 5412
If Packers had a RB like LeGarrette Blount,A-Rod would break all the records he just set.
starting off my saturday with some coffee, granola, and Project Runway Korea WITHOUT the subtitles
thanks for the follow! :)
Go follow our new manager >:)
i cant breathe because your suffocating my with your fat butt.
I think it would be more fair if you were votes were limited per phone line. I don't have time to call 200x at night...
You are right. That perception is out there -- and it crosses ideological lines. We struggle with it daily.
We have been working with Mr. Crumb for many years now. We are premiering his newest work in 8 days! We have many CDs available
RT : Tamron Hall you are a goddess. A Goddess I tell you. A Goddess.
Fuck getting sick the week before exams >>> Watch me fail my one hardest class now for the semester.
continuing to consider options... hourglass: for when Dorothy needs a time out.
I do have an extended answer for this, but of course it will not fit. But as for what you said, in a sense I agree with you.
Pretty sure TweetDeck is going to change my life ...at least for the short-run.
Thanks for following! -TCG
Cooking on the grill... With a yuengling in hand.
I know some people desperate enough for attention that they'd probably pay that :P
stop copying me.. :P
I have a freind that I am trying to explain Twitter is......
#Heartless is killing a person when you know he aint did nothing wrong to you..trayvon martin
This is no time to stray, states picks a POTUS with electoral votes and you are spot on!
I say we have a party at New Town Pub.
ok then!
How many times has this niggaa said 'Mindless Behavior is up next' !? GET ON WITH IT HOEEE!.
YOU WOULD! LOL. Hope you had a great time
Monday we award a Test Pressing of our record to the person with the most clever or real reason why they should receive
How old are you!?
sounds like a drug name. Aye, you gots any of that Long Green...? Hm?
Great teams need great leadership from within. If the guys that other players look up to cant work hard and do the extra things you wont win
I believe it! We all love here at #TACC. RT : Unique opportunity. Dan was a great mentor to me at ASU.
Hey #Kansas fans...stop feeding your faces, get your asses out of your seats, and cheer on #NorfolkState!
Remember to mail in 's Pulitzer nomination for this!
We don't have photoshop unfortunately. Could u help if I sent you the 2 images?
facebook is just out of control now! Their new privacy policies are crazy!
Rock & roll, Flea. Congrats.
lot of peripheral pain from diabetes today - even though I've been good this week
My art show went really well. I have will have the pictures up later tomorrow! About to shut it down, back to homework in a few hours.
not any body. I don't want my girlfriend to be my boyfriend when I come back
RT Residents can return home if they show ID, but evacuation notice remains in place. Fire is still smoldering.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Getting mentions from you instantly destroys my mood. I'm gonna troll you from now on.
do they still make those?
Pretty good actually spent it with fam this year.
I have 2 jokers and an open board and still can't get rid of all my letters
I'm so mad I didn't take a video of Jessie's girl yesterday LOL
A guy who is confidente about himself
lmao dani you have known this about me since day 1 girl lmao
It is a bad move
I wish I was in Evansville at the bars with my girls and :((
Fuck what cha heard. Ask me directly!
In dallas making it happen! What up
sure thing =]
W00t! wi-fi, hello again! WYK guys, sorry I've been checked out for two days. 2 days on the mtn = 19K words, tho! Let's see. What'd I miss?
So your hair was long and straight yesterday and you cut it and curled it and dyed it last night???!! I just play along and say yes.. smh
well i'm sure you make the week a bit more bearable for the stressed folks! you are a ray of sunshine in the MHCI "compound"
The clippers gotta step they game up if they wanna get past the second round...
excuse me Savan. It's NIALL!
It's like Judging Amy never happened.
At a very sexy Starbucks studying evidence.
Bynum gets the triple double. Kobe gets another 30-point game.
Thanks new follower #Follow and she will
it's horrible! Haha
wow! Really awesome!
Our party cups? Random but awesome! not something we make a habit of handing out, outside of events.
Clarity music video >>>> I'm in love with
Followed back ^__^ ♥
THIS FUCKING BITCH!!!!!
My days off just don't feel like days off anymore..
Spending time with my best friend >
: I already knew of the advantages of being an incumbent. At #AskTheCandidate, I was reminded of the curse of the incumbent.
and highly contagious!
hahahaha Yeahh ikr ! She's got a powerful punch though ill tell ya that much...
Ever have one of them days when you can't stop eating so you blame the #pms, and then you remember that you don't have a vagina?
Thats rite watch out for us!
Was on the phone with him last night(: hmu
Dry Mentions<<
Gotta ride the bus cuz my mama think ima lose her keys
"What is dead will never die." - Game of Thrones
Happy Birthday Twitter style!
Andouille Sausage dip is awesome!
#nsta12 #edtech #scichat #edchat I have a few complaints about nsta, but you should present. It is awesome. San antonio 2013
R. Kelly station.....Tyga - Rack City pops up :-/
Up here watching The Help! #InterestingMovie ™
just watched your interview on Roland's website. Great keyboard set up. love it! Amazing job on the Ke$ha gig. :)
Old Tappan on Ridgewood 49 36 to go to 7-7 and 5-3 in the Big North Conference on MSG VARSITY with county tourney right around the corner
Lowkey, I think we were meant to be!
#85 | Because we cannot always go to sleep like others. Our minds are working on the ...
Hey girl, thanks for supporting the music :) xo Miss you!
45 min to kickoff!
see, you're starting to like #gamification already :)
Anyone interested in helping me sell free enterprise to the U.S. population all over again? Let's explode prosperity all over again.
Way to knock 'em down, JHop.
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so
I feel really bad now.
Shoot a web up on that hoe!
Wishing everyone a Happy Holiday Season & a very Merry Christmas!! Blessings to all <3
Smiles and laughter make every day brighter!!! :-)
Location was great until he had two strikes on people....
doesn't it have all the recipes built in?
yeah, that's that "short" term thinking. Gotta plan for the future!
If the world ends in 2012, I've wasted my whole life in school.....
That's a great way to put it. The strategy drives the message. Only the words change.
If you have a bad author experience, you will never have a great user experience (re: CMS & publishing systems) -
Hve you ever watched The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson?
no thanks . No to a sugar daddy but yes to
Geez, I've been buying like it's going out of style. All in the name of research, of course.
This real shit here. “ I'm guilty for not giving people the time or day. I just don't really care”
Hi there I would to upgrade to the VIP monthly membership and was wondering if you could give me a coupon and/or bonus sign up code?
happy birthday:)
STOP & PAY ATTENTION Soul lives in connection Whenever we r present & conscious soul emerges B present & u'll know the contentment of soul
Did you really tweet that when you are just now signing Brandon?
sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes
Congrats on your new opportunity Ed!
a female lead as complex as Genevieve.... oh... now i'm really intrigued. that is my fave book ever.
My roommate ( ) hates me and won't partake in roommate bonding night!! He is becoming an old fart!!
If this Kindig sub tries to teach today, there will be consequences.
been in bed all day and working a lot
You would think 2x would be a common size shirt, but no!!! @
Aw geez1 Thanks! You have some pretty cute stuff too!!! Teletubby huh?
#Rehearsal = complete, #gym = happening... eventually! Then off to a nice dinner with my mom and class with the wonderful #ChrisGameCasting!
You're right, its a lifestyle. Eating bacon is not a sport.
promotion of alcoholism! While persecuting medical marijuana! Hypocritical!
Good morning =]
LaHair has really impressed me this season.
Church, R & R and some college hoops on a typically grand Sunday.
good luck in your 1st game. Dream come true. Congratulations! Welcome to
Well, at least now I'm disappointed with 2nd and not 32nd.
you are on a roll tonight
Do you think he still made some breakfast for #RealDeal?
“: Nice seeing you here in class VUSU
i'm so grateful for the angels in my life!
Did you look at ALL our tweets, Scott?
RT : *Need business consulting for new start-ups, life, business, social media, 1 on 1 coaching etc. Cheick out www.voss.snapp ...
"So when you’re lost and you’re tired. When you’re broken in two, let my love take you higher,'cause I still turn to you."
Thats cool too, just hang up on me -.-
Cavs offense and defense like a sine wave tonight going up and down oscillatory fashion we are on upswing soon but gotta maintain
Can't Front I Miss Norell :/
I am good. Love seeing my grannies.XOXO
Wow so many new Followers this week... Thank you all so much! Don't forget to #FF our
did you watch the interview with Kiarostami? He talks about the connections a bit.
#FF Mama Favorites!
so he said it would be like some guy with the last name Smith or Jones having a Japanese first name
I smoke big like a suppa star ... Bitch I'm supper star lol
congrats ladies!!! Xo
I've seen so many visually disappointing finished products lately for many different kinds of books.
I have a Google G2 Android phone, but the Google+ app is always the slowest/last to sync - Facebook and Twitter run better. #strangeG+
aight homie I'm About to DM you my number
that actually reminds me of a fav joke -- what did the chinese cooking professor assign her students? home wok. (woka woka.)
I fell asleep....
- Owner & Visual Artist S.DOT.SLAUGHTER | SOL•SKETCHES™ would love you to accept my FOLLOW REQUEST, Peace & Blessings!
‘There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth…not going all the way, and not starting.’ ~Buddha
Finished a fresh new business card and flyer design for a walk in client!
haha yes i saw it and replied and then i saw you at the library lol
Wished I had some power at my house. My sump pump is off and the water is getting close to overflowing.
I go camping in secret!
thanks for stopping by today dearest.
Aha, thank you.
Kendall, you look cute in your new icon! :) Follow me, please? <3 #FaveMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA Y'all are definitely gonna win!
aww Louis Ill send you some <3
I love how I live the farthest away, but I'm the only one in my department who ever makes it to work on time.
u know i got love for teen tix. Come visit the GatesVC we're neighbors
#IHateItWhen Latinos write statuses or tweets in English and then some how it turns into Spanish
How come after the longest nights i wake up so dayum early?
will you supply a big stick?
New t-shirts and sunglasses are in today!! make sure to grab them at the show on sunday!! they're looking awesome!
Waiting for class to start
What a Rainy DAY!
anytime Suje. Just check out my blog when you can.
RT : Shots to the
The money is the motive
Important questions: Do I need a pomegranate tree?
You need a Mount t-shirt! Like us on FB, fill out a form and stop down to our office to get one!
Wow! Thanks!
Hey if all the talk is true about #Illuminati this is an official shout out. MAKE ME FAMOUS! I'M READY TO SELL OUT!
Did you know... that if you tried a new flavored coffee from JarBee every week it would take you over 2 1/2 years just to try every flavor
oh...hellz yeah!
Wat to do Wat to do
Since we're your first book signing can we see you naked?
bjack ballers is must see tv!
Schools need Twitter-like apps for classroom use that are not open to the public.
Headed to Staples Center :)
Good Morning. Be ready for another day of greatness. Get it going!
Good morning peeps!
bahaha yes!! Skinny in bikinis at the beach :) but your summers closer
No, UFT attempts damage control after agreeing to eval where ineffective score based on student tests trumps any other measure
LOL! I thought so, Jerry. I'm glad you liked it. Lindsey ROCKS!
Retweet my tweets to grow your followers if you have less than 5000 followers and follow
#badservice What happened to people smiling when you give them money?
RT : Magic is when you serve something larger than yourself. /v
So, he's a front runner? #Shocking “: Pretty cool that LeBron is rooting for Kentucky and Ohio State…#wut”
These niggas sound crazy
wow!! They are awesome I have to get some!!!! I love the one with necles 'give me love' on it !!
We brought our christmas tree home on the streetcar. And now it's all pretty and festive in our dinning room!
being that u like to stick yo tounge out and put up the middle finger ima go with prostitute!!
Let's go Caps!
I'll join ya lady :)
i'm not your side girl, make up your mind.
check. Sorry im not sorry
Remember, FREE SHIPPING on all products at www.lasalita.com till the end of December. Our Salsa and Sauces make perfect Holiday gifts!
Going Cholo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Oversized Clothing
I'm in denial that this is really my last full week of high school.
Watching Death Proof ! Old school Charger > Challenger
blood and bless my family. Send to your contacts and you will receive a miracle tomorrow. Plz send this message to 20 people. If they refus
Visit me on facebook name: slifoundation. You won't be sorry!
Please stop giving drama my forwarding address. My fridge is already fully stocked.
Do i regret the breakups the fights or thedrama?No do i regret luvn u bein with u&thinkin of u24/7?Of course not i just wish we had mre time
There is just something about you that I can even describe .. And idk Wat it is but injustice FREAKING LOVE YOU😊😍
The government is concerned about the population explosion, and the population is concerned about the government explosion.
Thank you for the House of Blues radio hour. Always a great way to end the night.
RT (Chicago) Which Place is Better? Jerk Villa or Uncle Joes??? <--- JERK VILLA ALL DAY ER DAY!!!!!
I couldn't tell ya. I'm not in
My wife's playing the Eagles. I feel like the Dude just seconds away from getting kicked out of the cab.
Happy B-day!!
im bored
He's always mad at me. I. Don't. Give. A. Fuck. Though. I do what I want.
I want to be an actress like you, of Hollywood, but my friends say: that will be impossible, must I follow my dreams? :)
Super smart, kind, motivated peeps here! Inspiration galore! Ed speaks next.
Lauryn Hill Exposes the Industry - (I get out of your boxes)
RT: Stay tuned to for live updates all day of President 's visit to Ohio State!
RT : ESPN's Ed Werder, seemed to have no hard info (shock), but sorta hinted he doesn't think DEN will get Ro McClain.
I don't know why I ask questions on my blog... No ever posts comments except for
That settles it. We're going next time I'm in the OC. And we're going in your minivan, right ?
Finally its cooling down in the LBC!
If i see one more senate voting commerical, i just might throw my tv out the window...
Live. Laugh. Love. Simpsonize. Goodnight Angels <3
I thak you so much!
I've been getting the worst headaches lately!!! They better go away by this weekend!!!! 🎉🎓😃🍻👍
In all 3 cases evidence against Smith was the same: testimony from gang members in exchange for leniency from police and prosecutors...
got an audition lined up at Universal Studious.
I hope they pull it together...that was rough
State needs to set up seed capital/SME bank under P arrangement
Class is in Session....relax & take notes students
Always love #NOVA on #PBS!
It must feel amazing to have promoting you guys so much. Maybe you'll tour together one day :)
Any names for more people that I can follow ??
So you're not going to do it? MARYSE I LOVE YOU, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, DON'T DO IT PLEASE!
Think ill just go ride 'round with that nina!
my best friend is on it haha
Anyone else thought it was fucked up that the original siblings brushed aside Finn's death but there was a cry fest for Klaus? xD
So much homework :\
The hijack is allowed and appreciated! Yes, we'll wait!! My Groupon expires in August.
G-20 ministers can yet improve their credibility this weekend by saying they did in fact catch the satellite, & will reveal details in 2012
Ah today is going by WAY FASTER than it's MEANT TO! NUTS!
I hope bus, truck, and train drivers know how much joy they bring to toddlers and their mamas.
Bye Spring Break, you kinda sucked XD
oh boy haha. Sounds like this could be...interesting
"choice" is the wrong paradigm for talking about caregiving vs. paid work-if it's a true choice, why don't men give up their careers?
Alright...its Friday. One of the greatest days of the week.
Sure does! Remember Iran-Contra Scandal? Weapons for drugs that were sold on American streets. CIA covert ops. Hooah!
he isnt really a uk fan.. just a poser. Its obvious troll how much crap hes talking to get attention
#Yea I was!
Haha. True. Unfortunately my hatred of almost-purposeful inefficiency runs so deep that I'd sooner rather see them go belly-up.
I have a date with destiny and if I'm late they charge you extra!
RT where2 watch the games? Blackfinn,Adams Mill Bar&Grill, Penn Quarter Sports Tavern,Old Glory,Green Turtle,Buffalo Billards?
Ew, I just ate. Now it all wants to come back up. Ewwwww!
We continue, collecting pieces of the puzzle as we go.
aww who's that?
Summer 2012 has officially started
LOL. Anything we can do to make things awesome for everyone :-).
isn't it about time for some drunk punk in your life?
#NW Shoot First on BET. "I was Trayvon's protector & I couldn't protect him. He was my best friend"-Trayvon's Father Tracey Martin
I gotta pee, but i'm too cozy and lazy to get up and go
the wedding will be wonderful and amazing. because you will end up married :) deep breaths!
There are way too many blue and white app icons
glad to see is still alive. Now get off work to #cincodedrinkooooo with me!
remember when you were still in public school just a regular boy ?
girl you need to get some more #followers #tweople is about connections. search topics you're into. Mine:Oprah, film, moms
I love hip-hop.
Haha! Thanks, Ben, I'll get right to the ER. “: Amputation... sorry it's gotta go!”
Just followed
The moment when u wake up from a dream like fuck that wasn't real...
saw you on , happy to follow. Swim, Bike and Run Strong brotha.
CASTING WHITE CAUCASIAN RAPPERS/ACTOR
Ha is fucking awesome she always makes me laugh.
Tyler Kennedy scored, all of a sudden i want a TK burger
my fave combo is banana, strawberries, a little milk & 2-3 tbsp of both peanut butter and vanilla bean yogurt. No ice.
Yeah, foreign languages learned in school are often lost very quickly =/
If you could golf w/ ANY local Portland celebrity, who would it be?
ride your mom to my house so we can do the nasty.
is testing twitter...
no follicles to poke your eyes out
Hi Annie! Just checking, this is for everyone? I'd love to meet some of the awesome HLS folks!
Gotcha. I was so pumped when I noticed your handle on there.
Just got this don't know how it works but ok
It's Wacky Wednesday! Mention this to our office at 703-642-3277 & get $10 Prime or $7 Economy Tkts for the Light Everlasting concert!
On this day in 1990, Michael Jordan scored a career-high 69 pts vs the Cavs. I've got 10 tweets coming up about the feat.
Lidstrom said him and Holmstrom have not talked about retiring. He would not say if he thought Homer would call it quits.
You're welcome :-)
why not love everyone regardless of what they did?
Plz continue on
Mother-in-law catching a ride up to Boston on her friend's private jet. I like the way she travels.
“: Failed to mention and of course #swagalert” we are flying
you got in to Hogwarts?!
Yay! I think & I will be out there for a visit in early October!
You know it! I'm not about to look all messy like the dissertation ran me over.
Collaboration is an art form in itself.
Tomorrow's 10pm #SFF Format: Audience Coaches! Audience members choose the host, the teams, the games, then guide their teams to victory!
Holy crap. Just had a mint julep that knocked me on my butt! Lots of hats downtown for the derby!
I shouldn't be riding my bike in the street yet. Says the guy in the car behind me.
I have 99 options but failure isn't one.
Thank you so much! just for the sake of my marketing class at this moment.
Almost time for Monday night football, Cowboys-Giants!
Yeah we figured. Thanks for sending in a request! Keep them comming!
LOL! : Please do! RT : I have a cousin who has 8 kids & is younger than me! I threaten to place anti-freeze in h
congrats to on contract..we will miss you...visit when you can
Just so yall know ...the more FOLLOWERS I GET ..the more they HATE ME on the low lol let's say F#CK EM TOGETHER !!!
Great seeing you both yesterday! Just made that intro, should be in your inbox. Have fun at #LSM today!
FYI - Sven's on Water St. opens at 7am. and the boys behind the counter are friendly and cute. (cc: )
I could've told you but you treated me like dirt so I figured I'd watch you fall on your face .
Everyone turn on national geographic channel now
I cant retweet youre tweets.. but yes we do.
Sorry - is my favorite RT : Support your favorite Owl! HootSuite for iPad is nominated for
PACKERS got Jeff Saturday..good ass pick up
Joey!!! when you are coming back to LA for a visit??
Im looking for Temp Dog Friendly House for Summer , Would consider Celeb handyman job or estate maintenance . Gordon 909-271-3644 letter Rec
Dear stop trying to be mean and play hard to get....i see right through it!!
If you could grow a beard, you would be the greatest bearded host on television.
Don't forget March 1st is around the corner! Food, music, drinks, and the who's who of our lgbt professional community!
ugh Im soo jealous, what are you getting?
Haters can hate, but from our generation- Drake gonna be the one we remember
Looks great! Will be so much better with a stroller.
A shower a day won't hurt you!
Yep! Pass the video on too! ;)
I fuck her good & she always ride it 4 me
Give us a call! 1-800-916-2544. We can definitely work with you.
Still looking for a few good writers to round out the Editorial Team, please RT if you know of anyone!
'Fire Wok With Me', an asian-fusion restaurant idea for you to supplement the new nightclub...
Excited that our performances will be announced tomorrow! It's going to be the best New Year's Eve to date!
Jimmy Howard in goal for USA...
On our Kindles: Barbara McClintock: Nobel Prize Geneticist; The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection. And you?
amen brother
Definitely more coherent and polished presentation.
new repo, or should this live on a pig branch?
Happy with election results, although I wish Lora Jo Davis had been elected at large.
Thank you
Dear #Uverse, thank you for not showing up to my service appointment today and expecting me to meet your schedule.
Thanks for letting us know, we'll pass the issue along.
R E T W E E T This If You Still Awake
Old Wives this Sat. at Bowery Poetry Club with the Defending Champions and Blues in Space. 10 PM. Come tie one on and get your face melted.
Well, Alright Then.
Martin Luther King Jr. meets...
are you back!
Sisterhood is being redefined without my consent.
question of the day, if you had a chance to help make facebook but got to choose fame OR money witch would you pick?
all of them. I can't
Dying! >“: Goddell just wants everyone to know he's the HNIC PERIOD!”
all im saying is that if there is a "love bug" out there, i sure as hell got it when seeing Britt for the first time lol :D
Saw someone with a fanny pack just now... Kinda wish I was an 80's child
Home sweet home!! Ah so we meet again couch!!
nothing's nearly as stable as the open environment that your fine Android runs on. By the way, how do you like that app you have on it?
lets see if we can get to 700 by the show tonight!!!!!!!
good time was had by all!
files for tax extension. Still waiting for W-2 from planet Kolob.
Thank you for following I cannot wait to get your tweets.
Bryson, ordained elder in va, left young adult land this year. put me onto this convo
Thank god for Latin people
Glad you enjoyed the show!
Coolin on my end
#Golf fans #text SPEAKINGOFGOLF to 90210 for program updates, #contests & #special events from the Speaking of Golf Radio Show. Go #mobile!
For real the Zooey Dechanel commercial is so annoying! Is that rain?... You're looking out the window you stupid idiot! #ShutUp!
Waiting for snow to stop to get tractor out - looks like 5 inchs.
thanks for the shout out and all you do!!!!!
U know its a good monday when ,miguel and wayne are in the house
now that I know ur looking at ur mentions, maybe ull give me a follow back. Cause that would be awesome.
AU ROUNDUP: Softball hosts Mississippi State in final regular-season series - Opelika Auburn News
Study: 5100 Kids in Foster Care After Parents Deported - PBS
Damn I kinda feel bad...
what happened to that visit?????
Prosecution plans half hour of questions for Gov. Patrick.
Crush those donks and make sure you play the good ole deuce four suited
2012 gotta be that year man
Sorry have been out and about...Went to the State Zoo...In Appleton,MN. Great Place.
Lol! I don't like Harry Potter... Lol! It scared me when I was like 4 and I haven't liked it since...lol!(:
I recorded a new song yesterday! It`s called 'Awesome Moments'! It`s EXTRA cool! Check it out on iTunes!
Hi Mary...I see you like We love that place. Have you been to Ridge location?!
Sex and Hollywood, sex and hollywood!!!!!
Great line up 2day @ Elmington Park West End + Macky's Italian Ice!
is being spammy.
I'm very sad that the show got cancelled.This last season was a bit of a bust but TVN "Dominated" as usual. Best of luck 2 u.
you should follow lol
"Life is Bliss" - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
love to have u in chi
Damn my dreams be crazy as hell
match one?
": But I'm up baking chocolate chip cookies for me and my daughter!!!:)" what up wit one of them cookies lol
How do I not have enough coat hangers for all my clothes? I think someone is breaking in to steal coat hangers. Only explanation.
RT Fill in the blank: I'm the champion of grilling _. <-- fresh snapper. Some lemon juice and om nom nom time
Are liberals happy that the auto bailout cost US taxpayers $14 Billion?
You gotta learn how to communicate and compromise. That's how a good relationship works. You commit yourself to it and work hard to save it.
I'm trying to write something that will move the world!
that's true xD but maybe, thats probably why though.
Hahah I agree with you though it's a little fishy and Zayn doesn't even follow his own cousin? idkkk
thanks! Keep watching, and we'll keep making!
Don Fehr's history suggests he gets paid by the strike/lock day. Must be a wealthy man!
omg hahahaha good lord. I wonder where ivanka trumps guy is these days
I think we are a product of all our experiences
Get the hot dog on a stick outta ya throat and GO VOTE.
Did I miss something?
You should put your coffee time design on some coffee mugs. That would be pretty sweet.
you have a good night too
I Hope the #Suns make it to the Playoffs... Steve Nash Deserves it!
Ive heard of people putting drugs in there #anus to get high. They must be trippin buttholes.
Did you know we can fix PC's while you are still working on them? You do NOT have to go do something else. Stay productive! 512 873-0447
Yea im back to real life
Thanks for following me back. You are such cuties. Can I squeeze your cheeks? <3<3<3
Its good!!! RT : no one understands how happy I am that I'm finally getting to watch the avengers tonight !
Bout to open me a golden coral on 3rd & center.
Local govts should not be rewarded for land-use decisions 4 more sales tax (retail). They should focus on property tax (housing)
thanks nancy!!! Rock on :)
Kim kardasians marriage was shorter then the line of trick or treaters outside Casey Anthony's house
Yea. I have to watch them. Its not to bad
Lips tight together in a passionate way When satisfied words we seldom say The sun made me love her today-robrage2012
Midifighter 3ds are on sale. If you haven't seen these, you're missing out.
Sorry DC, won't be seeing you anytime soon...not that anyone really cares lol
I read this article on Conard. It sounds like he's unhappy about his own choices.
Just found out episode 4 of Shark Tank will b aired again tomorrow night (Tues) on ABC. Tell all who missed it. (via )
that makes two of us .
Goodnight ily babe ♥
Are you talking about me?
Just had a friend come back from the east coast with a few bottles of #9. Love the stuff! Cheers
Change of plans... No school for me today 
As consumers expect more powerful mobile devices, so too will they expect battery life to keep up! Low-power displays will help!
Pleased to announce that today is my first day on-set filming my primetime TV debut! Episode will air this summer! More info to come.
That horrible feeling when you feel like your friends don't care about you anymore.
Nonsense. Being real is a good thing.
My biology teacher sucks and I really want to go off on her
Rumor will win #corporate 5k in #downtown #Orlando tonight (walking division)
It seems like Seun was giving great answers, I just couldn't understand him well enough to ask followups. Hope I can decipher the tape.
On my bike ride I: 1) saw a deer. 2) almost got attack by a dog, twice. 3) rode over a dead field mouse. 4) kicked ass!
This! RT : Living by Sonic, Church's, Whataburger, and Dominoe's <<<<<<<<< I GET SO FAT! 💔😰😔
& girlfriend is & 's girlfriend is  cute couples!
yoooo I just found out who wrote it, it was JohnDoe
Senior Cat is desperately trying to get his head stuck in the bag in which the chicken came.
I don't like Ms. or Mrs. (I'm not one). I wonder to what extent my age (and race and gender) influence how students refer to me.
#RealTalk that statement goes a long way though. God will never give you something that's not yours.
when will there be a new e.o. movie they're so hilarious and i'm done watching them all. :'(
In the "zone": u must have a good bal. between perceived challenges & perceived skills. U must have confidence that u r capable.
nope, that is separate. You pay for your domain name separately, and you pay once a year. You should get a renewal notice.
Anyone know of cool apartment for rent in LA? Please DM me-Thanks!
We should grab lunch soon! Would love to hear how your time has been at TMO! -Nathan
#shoutouttotheguysthat dont wear their pants up to their knees.
Shit. Just realized we're catching the early risers on the east coast right now. #ThreeCheers for all nighters!
Who we got winning tonight? I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
I HATE THIS COLD IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY I NEED SOME SUGGESTIONS ON TRY TO GET BETTER BUT I HATE TAKING MEDICINE BECAUSE IT NEVER WORKS
lol 10 to something but most likely you'll be out before that
Brewster Kahle: Scanning books is just first step, then you need to reformat
time to buy the jersey of our future 15 sack pro bowler
Photo spam??-A
Rolling a finger to indicate that a conversation isn't moving quickly enough is officially the gesture I hate most on this planet.
That concert was amazing!! Just had the time of my life!!!
Good 2 know...looking forward 2 it!
Ur never to old to have fun!who says..?
fuck that fag
Banana cream pie and homemade alphabet soup. All I need is some merica sunshine, a tape measure, and 4 green skittles #perfect day
you can do it CHRIS!!!
Celebrate who you are, not who others want you to be
I am waiting to see him implode with frustration and ego-driven mania...send him light, this will speed up the process
and we love you too!
Right back at ya!
And this a.m. awoke to a parking ticket on our car parked...in front of our house. Arg.
#iJustLoveItWhen you text me "good morning" and "goodnight"
exactly lol they might as well cancel the show
Nah we got the Lakers :D
It's NEVER too hot to dance! I'm dancing right now ;)
This stuff is about to go hard. REAL HARD
Buy a ticket to #WorkConf and add a one-year subscription to for just $100. That's a savings of 67%!
Thanks for the sweet tweets this week!
Today is the biggest day of my life since the 06 Track Championships ...GoCats!
Thats exactly what you get lol
Listening with ones whole body is a special present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we really listen
I am available for appointments to make more dream appearances. Just DM me. :))
I was in a great mood this morning until someone said something jerky to me...now I'm in a crummy one. Trying hard to get out of it!
You aint never lied. RT : I need to Skate ...
I need to calm down...My nerves are a serious wreck right about now!
Just a heads up the weather is supposed to get pretty warm, this is the start or ice dam season. We can help when this happens.
I've given you too many chances.
Elementary School: "Yes, coloring books!" Middle school: "Is this first grade??" High school: "Ok, who took my red crayon?
Battelle's Ron Townsend says majority of the 55,000 jobs at Dept. of Energy's labs now require more than a bachelor's degree.
I need food!! I'm starving :(
Good Morning Sunshine! It's a beautiful day and you're beautiful too! Don't let anything stop you from accomplishing your goals today!...
your funny !
Big time! HoS won top prize at perfect pitch mixer! Thanks new friends and Arlington Economic Development!
#dontrelax RT : "Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking on your door very softly." Frank via
Of course.
S/O to and #Brien for making me smile and laugh when i felt bad this morning (:
Haha... it was a good kind of sad. Completely connected with desire to ensure pet is comfortable even if its more difficult.
I'm going out on a limb and saying if the #Bulls win tonight's game, they will go on and win the series, remember this tweet
you can only do it if you have less than 100 ppl who 'like' your page...
Another great night @ the 1 and only
Should I attempt an all-vinyl show tonight in honor of #RecordStoreDay? It might be tough, but if the turntables are working, I'm up for it.
I hate school more than anything!
#ThingsBlackPeopleInvented this trending. Because I'm 100 % sure it was a white guy. Lol
Our best wishes to all of our friends that are competing in the Boston Marathon on Monday. Good luck! Have a great time.
I was like please no lol
My time is too valuable to be wasting it on you
Im a fucking mess! Ugh
Last night was fun but would've been better if one couldve handled her alcohol!
hahahaha i was kidding :)
Nice! What are they?
Never put off until tammara ...
Can't wait. TGITh & TGF #TVD but next Thursday's going to suck. I feel the withdrawal kicking in but for now
come to nac this summer!!
Watching neghbor's kids as a favor. Regretting it.
Might Tony Williams' Lifetime 'There Comes A Time' be the greatest piece of music ever conceived? It just might. Never ceases to amaze.
Come check out the #Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo March 18-20! Book your room before they sell out! #C2E2 chicagorivernorthhotel.com
So jealous!
I feel like I can be a monumental asset to any company...
Thanks everyone for following. if we're not following back. DM if you have ideas/suggestions or would like to volunteer
Not too shabby, ! Katharine McPhee steals the show (and my heart)
Long day! On a one way trip to Mars!!
Run in my direction and never run from me.
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
Feeling lousy :(
I will in like 5 haha
Getting ready for Chicago! Come see us at the ABS show!
poor jason derulo and his messed up neck.
Changing insurance companies can be scary, but we're here to help! We help switch hundreds of policies a year! Ask us how. 505-345-8757
Mediocrity is the midget to success.
Ah. Im starving. Hm craving some of 's badass macaroni & cheese. :/
decisions...decisions, decisions
havent been on twitter for months! whats up people(:
#Countdow, less than 4.000 followers! is coming close to reaching the #16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter! RT
Clairemont Town Council is now on Twitter! Yay!
Hey, it's guys day out.
get a life
I live for video resumes.
Drinking by myself. Making "Ultimate WENDY mix CD" for friends- or in case of my funeral!!
Someone flipped the excitement switch at the Bradley Center
RT : Looking for great advice on running and pregnancy? An article from Joan Marie Butler, author of Fit and Pregnant -...
i can't wait to hangout with sidney tonight, it's going to be dope.
Shower then I'm downtown
#OpeningDay just hours away. Can't wait to play some beer darts and drink some cold beer. Now it's time for bed.
Bella's r fired?!?
Thanks everyone!
What's your take on the whole "food truck" craze?
yayy , im readyy . i got so many people you need to meet in atl . you can have your own label !
Holy crap, J. Elvis Weinstein does a SPOT-ON Elvis Costello.
Spent a whole blowing him in the bathroom here. Nice guy.
The Sitter is amazing. Check it out.
sometimes I cut my LP's into 7" pieces so I can truly enjoy them
Arabica in parma hts on pearl is easily the closest you can get to the Jersey Shore in the cleveland suburbs. My god.
GO RED SOX,S
Thx RT : I can't say enough good things about Super fast & totally affordable. Hannah got her new passport 2day.
please tip me
Hope ur email comes back up soon! Breakdowns were "acting funny" earlier & I about had a heart attack...
that bad? What's the score?
Bitches r bitches i love them all RT : would do u prefer the Great Dane bitches or poodle bitches? Haha
Young or old men suffering from the effects of follies and excesses restored to perfect health, manhood, and vigor.
What the actual fuck was that #halftimeshow. Isn't Madonna like 53?
#onlyintheghetto can u be older than ur uncle
My body says "go to sleep," but my mind says "watch Mad Men."
When you let go of whats in your Hand-GOD will let go of whats in his Hand! unforgiveness-jealousy-anger-gossip-Lying Tongue
Katie Price wants to be married to Leandro before the New Year, apparently… - Mr Paparazzi
I unwrapped the gift of the present. That's why everything I do at this moment, is urgent as a mother!
follow best in the business!
I love hangin out in Charlotte on the REGULAR and the clientele of the joints I hang out was one million times better than ppl at Basenectar
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book.
Bron and Wade dont get 65 they will lose
seems like google dumbed down reader
Candlelight Night Tonight! Ice sculptors, cider & kettle corn 6 - 9, Grove City Chamber Singers at 7!
HERES YOUR INFORMATION
Sometimes, when you've painted yourself into a corner, the best thing to do is just to wait until the paint dries. -- js gilbert
A Midsummer Night's Dream. We are working on the annotated edition that will be out soon.
good music too!
RIP Dick Clark, NYE will not be the same without you.
Just saw the first 30 min of the rough cut of TRINGLED and I must say I feel very good about what we've got! Hope you will too.
Oh my gawd! That would be awesome! Mr. Allen Allen, that is!
Kitchens busy. Servers not.
My mind loves to go to work late at night..
i hope all of the australian directioners get tickets, i would hate if directionators bought out all of the concerts!
Thanks for the follow! My wife is a 1st grade teacher so I'm looking forward to hearing your stuff on kid's education.
Is high school the real world? What about if we exchange "real world" for "paying world" High school is very real at New TEch
Marquee Dayclub grand opening with Avicii.
Library in a bit..
Just for the record, I hate touch screen keyboards.
Thanks for the inspiring talk! It was great to meet you. Looking forward to chatting about reading interfaces. :)
Follow Me ?
If the idea of reheating tonight's chick breast for lunch tomorrow doesn't sound good, slice it on top of a salad and give it a Mist!
Hot rolls with butter, death by chocolate cake and a warm glass of wine. Must you give these up forever to maintain your weight & health?
Plunging into my birthday week with a great attitude! <3
RT - I am going out on a limb, Green Bay Packers and New England Patriots will go 16 and 0
my thoughts exactly :)
Idea Man Paul Allen in conversation w Jose Antonio Vargas at Computer History Museum. Not a bitter reclusive billionaire.
“: Fuck my friends” you did? Or you would?
Sounds like they'll be recording it and posting it next week too so you can catch up!
It all depends on the time and scale of release.. Eega is too big for dharuvu.
Be careful out there tonight.
Headed out to catch , , and at the tonight! See you all there :)
Tried to lick your elbow and failed.
At least I have a heart unlike Leesa. RT : Just exposing as a cold hearted scum bag
What are your best #litpickuplines? We're asking for a friend...
Freestyle doesn't necessarily mean top-of-the-head. You should write, and rehearse, what you mean to say in the booth
KD they only shot now
materialism is unity's worse enemy
What do you think about #Komen reversal restoring funding to Planned Parenthood for breast screenings? or message me.
Sadly learned a new phrase today. Status migrainosus. :( Just what it sounds like
Is anyone going to a show this weekend? Tell us what you're up to!
says, "I like girls better when they're gluten free."
Please follow my band on here!
Hebrews 11:6 says that God rewards those who diligently seek Him! Thanking God for favor over my life!
completely true...Americans ignore anything outside of baseball, American football, hockey and basketball...sad
Are those earrings made of tiny baseball bats? (please say yes.)
Just heard great welcome from Marin Alsop at #WOW Baltimore.
I miss you too!! So muchh😭
If hollywood is out of ideas and only wanna do sequels put this in the oven and see if it bakes: Blankman 2
Somebody need to prep Javal McGee for these post game interviews lmao.... Dawg be lookin flocka in the voting booth lmao
OK THE NEXT EDIT IS ONE OF MANY TO COME IN THIS SERIES OF ILLUSTRATIONS BY "ATHENA FLIGHT FROM OLYMPUS"
Going to bed now.... Oh god I gotta get on a good bed time schedule.
Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream" just sold at Sotheby's in New York for $119.9 million. I'll scream for half that much!!!
Nowadays, promise is just a word.
awe Too bad you aren't closer! That what pictures are for!!
sent Obama a message or revealed something pretty ugly about themselves?
Handles Faculty Services tab well enough, but tends to barf all over Employee Self-Service.
It's been a great #35d weekend. I see sleep in my future.
NO Credit Checks, Contracts or Age Limits. Nationwide. We will also be selling I Phones and many other GREAT Phones, Games and Gadgets. T
Haha , Lol Sorry I didn't reply earlier, My phone was chatqinq, and riqht after it finished charqinq, I turned it off, lol xP
Just got a mother's day text but I have absolutely no idea who it's from
Ohh! That's right! They don't have fourth of July in Canada :P
Ambulance coming to my house..
#smartkidsgetitdumbkidsdont - still the the best line of the #B1G tournament
k so follow my main acc: ♥
Don’t be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams. -Anonymous
yep! DD all the way. :)
I have been so behind on my blog, but I just needed to take the week "off" so to speak.
its okay dont let them get to you i have your back! If u need anything just tweet my personal
Lydia is perfection.
That's why ion Fuck with FB like that no mo. MF playing the # game
I don't know how I'm going to focus on rehearsal tomorrow because of you<3
the only thing more frustrating than getting lost is getting lost & your wife keeps rubbing it in! Dave is officially your wife
Buy tickets TODAY and get entered to win dinner with ! 402-403-3776. Previous ticket holders also entered to win.
Going on the tour today for the first time. Heard great reviews. Read mine on Sunday.
I chose to be an educator to have the opportunity to influence childrens' lives for the better.
#Madden Young people please really think and take into consideration the serious repercussions of violent crimes BEFORE committing them!
Engl 244 - Intro to Drama. We're going to teach some socks off next semester.
I'm terrified of moths. I'd rather be face to face with Michael Myers than touch a moth
Breakfast is good.
where did spring break go?
Speaking at press confer (2pm) today, Big Toy Fun store, Hoboken, NJ w/ Senator Menendez/Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer. Shop small 11/26th.
I know, we need to have outings more often! #mademynight hahaha
yes! I'll just have be sure to pack extra treats for the ride & I'll keep quiet through the whole concert ;)
#Facebook Inc. Initial public offering: #IPO, which could value the company at up to $100 billion, is set to kick off on May 18, 2012.
I LOVE People Under the Stairs. I don't think it's scary... just awesome. :) Burn in HELL!!!!! lol
How could a tweet that just popped up have been favorited by me already....it is not one I would have, yet it was already clicked!
Thank you!
People piss me off.
THIS TWITTER ID UP FOR BIDS.
I see that I'm missing quite a bit being an outside consultant! I haven't heard "lessons learned" in quite a while!
no problem(:
lmfao. Good luck. Go hard! Be like "bitch, my husbands waiting for me, move your ugly ass aside" ;) You'll get through.
To conduct market research, I usually start by utilizing Google's Keyword Tool
shot is getting personal haha
you need to cal me I need help with figuring this out
“: It's gonna be wierd being in the stands for the first time ever next year! #nomorecheer 😊” you'll be with me (:
Spend the night with me and get popular baby 😜
boring night! ready for tomorrow
Wow, the #Nuggets found a taker for Nene's contract? You'd think Rashard Lewis would be all the bad contract a team could handle.
Wiebe & Braska are the grandsons of Hall of Fame golf coach Roger Wiebe, who coached 4 boys & 2 girls state championship golf teams @ West.
Food Fact: Americans eat 20.7 pounds of candy per person annually. The Dutch eat three times as much!
the hash tag for twitter talk by is
Boyle with the assist. Nice
I'm actually working in the Bronx. No Marriotts there, you know.
Tonight our new song "Way Back" premieres on @ 8 & 10pm CST on the Tournament Preview Show (last segment)! Pls RT
Then I got his followers throwing all these gay comments at me,little do they know my feelings are'nt hurt
please say it ain't so. I want my Tebow and noone else. Don't have room for manning so he can just leave.
Sorry I misspelled "Cocktail."
possibly when is it scheduled to be released? :)
Need more students of course. Also looking to work for an organization that hires tutors. Math, Science, and reading K-14
THIS. Are you listening “: I'll be pretty excited when every A-hole in sports stops saying "beastmode"”
Maybe a cold beer.
Cotto gave mayweather a good fight.. last rd should of knocked him out but backed off..
Why are your eyes closed?
Wondering if there is a wine that pairs well with hot wings & fries?!
Yeah , i was.
Having my first ever bubble tea tomorrow w/Jen Rainbow Room (=resources for parents to adopt internationally) This is gonna rock!!
Almost the weekend :)
if you could tailgate for Bucks games, people would go. If you took tailgating away from baseball the Brewers disappear too.
i don't think you've met me. i more closely resemble a jawa. i meant: "you, blue body paint, irreparable mental images for all."
he so cheated to get his golds last year.
It was a long day for me. Back at work tomorrow.
This that young KG except its all on the perimeter.
Well, then: Happy birthday!
when discussing offline with non-parents, it was...
so epic :D
Stand strong during the storms of life, and the sun will always shine on you! = )
All of us musicians learn and then set aside countless pieces over the years.
Then dreamt I met Louis CK in person and told him how good I thought it was. It was great.
About to head in to the Hollywood Networking Breakfast. Suddenly nervous
T Plush! I run an Energy Cola company based in Madison, WI, Interested in talking about a sponsorship?
my parents send the best care packages: apples, oranges, The Atlantic, and quarters for laundry.
At the airport again! My wife just called. Our friend's 26 year old daughter died last night of a brain aneurysm. Hug your kids today.
can u tell some of ur followers to follow me
the ramblings of an average joe stock trader, 2nd edition has been released and is selling like hot cakes
Looking forward to connecting and reading your tweets!
THERE, DONE. I am tired. Let me know if I missed anyone, and enjoy the #HHAwards as we honor our amazing #DCtheatre community!
whats the time difference between NY and Australia? I think it's 14 hours but I'm not sure
Weezy F Baby and the F stands for Frank Sinatra
That was hilarious. And, sold me on wanting a donut.
ethnic music is stupid. you should only listen to top 40.
Big hugs
#MyTop10GucciSongs Dope Man.....
This just in: is participating in #MamasDay2012! Inquiring minds want to know, what will you be showcasing to refuel appetites?
I had that and it was an ovarian cyst.
Score? How is Babbitty Boo playing?
Amare finally attacks the glass....and he's out for the playoffs
Up early today.. Glad we have a couch now!
LLAMA LIKE
made a cinco de mayo feast for the fam- fajitas, margaritas, y sopapillas! qué yummy!
the reapers, “The LORD be with you!” And they responded, “The LORD bless you!” 5Boaz said to the servant who was in charge of
but how did his son look?
Why are all hockey players on glee ugly and have mullets? Hockey players don't look like that...
SDG&E's 6th Annual LED Light Exchange Brings Energy Savings to the Holiday Season - MarketWatch (press release) SDG&E 's 6th Annual L
Follow me....I know the way outta here!
Aaaaaaahhhhhh way to end the night on a positive note
Yes, as was done in the old USSR, I think it's been erased from the Yankees history books!
What a great day at ZuZu Thank You all ZuZu fans and yes we have gone over a 1000 followers. We must be doing something right!!
Andrew Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
A big thank you to all the men & women fighting for our country we are so blessed, they are the brave & honorable ones.
In surreal publishing news, Stephen Colbert has sold I AM A POLE (AND SO CAN YOU!) from his interview with Maurice Sendak.
That's great! We will direct people your way on Thursday. We have a new #Confab #Confessional coming out tomorrow.
#seasontickets i know you can before the season starts but i didn't realize i was going to every game until too late to save
Thanks for your answer.
they are going to run out of magic by the all star break :(
Your welcome sexy mami & I hope u enjoy our show! XOXO
are so awesome!!!
Thanks for a great season. You played with class and made Badger nation proud!
not sure economy is going to turn around that fast to make it work just yet? we will see what happens in the Nov. election?
Dirty dancing in the moonlight, take me down like i'm a domino.<3
Whoops! Must learn how to use this site!
The Hard Truth about Great Sales Results – Recommended by Mary Lucnik-Garcia A commercial aired recently for a new set of fitness we
yeah monn what DID you say? Hahaha
You know you love this life don't nobody do you like me you knoowwwww
he already knws
Road trip to lancaster !
Brewing my face off. Robust Porter and a Cal Common this week, probably Northern English Brown and Scottish 80/- next week.
Have you seen your klouchebag score?
I could watch Mariah's group therapy Jenny Craig commercials all day. Throw pillows, tears, &Mariah in all white lounging on a rug.
Dessert. Sticky Toffee pudding with coconut& butter pecan ice cream.
Seriously I hate wearing shoes and I hate wearing pants.
EPTI... LOW FLOAT!!! Will move 10,000% after the ask is slapped a couple times. GET IN NOW!!! SLAP SLAP SLAP
hey hoe bag.
good! Have a great Saturday!
Sitting with Brian Nichols, candidate for EVP at #lpco12. He has my support.
FLP = the BEST healthy, healing aloe vera products on the planet!
Finishing up this Jameson and the beta version of this virtual desktop tonight. #amwriting (html at least!)
Emergence of a New Asset Class. Personal ownership is central; Trust Networks are the choice; Cyberidentity is the first step.
Haha yup Mark in his HS days!
MT : A2: Main Street Coordinator, for instance, is as much an economic dev role as it is heritage conservation.
long sleeves
Positive note. I always try👍
haha ain't that the truth! We could wear short t-shirts and show off our kegs!!
16 EASTER SERVICES: THANK YOU Rock Church volunteers for your FAITHFULNESS!
good call thanks!
So bored wrestling is almost over
We dig your song "Need a little something." Do you play in Houston often?
Glenn Gary performs every Wed. & Fri. at Westin Hotel in DC. His show is drawing international attention and phrase. Don't miss it!
Interested in speaking. sponsoring or attending an upcoming conference? visit us at www.opalgroup.net
have a safe trip, stop by and see us when you get back!!!
I could go for some fresh vagina right now
subscribe to our Twitter feed and get the latest news in real time!
we may be small but we know what we are doing.
Only 60 randgloves? I think we need more!
Bo, did you just bust you dad.
Rubicon's Hop Sauce Double IPA is pouring right now! Damn fine...
Catch the ball JONES n JENNINGS!
No goodnights from her anymore #shit not the same its not .
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
pumpin' up the crowd & bustin' out the beats! vamp is fire right now!
Textaphrenia. A disease found in teens, in which they think they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.
