Any suggestions on how to improve my blog post
drugs? PEDs? what?!?
Was in a public place listening to a tired (but rude) kid and a submissive mom. Painful to witness.
After a solid first inning, Tommy Hanson is lining em up and sitting em down. Solid start. The
That's cool, was just making sure. Can you tweak your session title so easier to describe when on the session board?
It feels a lot better to be nice to people rather than be mean. Try it :)
Hi Lyndi! Great to see you at an #smcsea event.
My broker just emailed me. Says I can get a "free" 32 GB iTouch4 with Bose Headphones....if I deposit $75,000 in my account! LOL
Lets have a txt poll. Question should MS sink or swim?
Fight party popping right now....the crib is packed, now time for the fight
we are SO excited to have our furniture & lighting featured in Frank Ponterio's & Kinari Designs' Rooms!
well its true stop being a hater you jealous jerk
#AAPDgala was inspiring and optimistic. Plenty of work yet to be done to create equality for people with
support the artists performing live on the show by buying their music legally. Keep reggae alive!
Thanks for all you do, and thanks for the follow, OH.
And....the sirens are tested. It feels like there is one in my backyard.
For what ?
Even tho its not exactly how I pictured us, I wouldn't want it any other way.
definitely agree!
Everytime I see 's twitcon I meow cause I love cats :)
Ethier deserved it way more!! smh :(
Congratulations to all of our Tacky Holiday Sweatshirt winners! , , Sleeping Lady Resort, McKinstry and !
I'm around the corner!
there's no more corn for our "epic fails" :(
well that was the fastest I ever got ready for work.
I hereya on that
I will :) Stop by if you have time! Or tomorrow with the munchkin :)
Tree six mafia
I couldn't respond until we won so yea I will enjoy it n hope to see a down there
Oh I've got one. The gargoyle prep school novels. GARGYLE. "They've got rock-hard abs. Literally."
really? I will look for it.
Congrats to Aztec Club member for your NFL Hall of Fame induction. Thanks for all you do for your #SDSU #Aztecs Marshall!
Just booked a $145/night room for $65/night booyah!!!!
Best Friends Forever <3
This nigga still has hulk as his avi still
bro we need to hit classic up
Is it just me, or is tweeting from a phone SO much better than tweeting from a computer?
Labels? Okay, fine. I'm bisensual. Heteroflexible. And life-curious. That about covers it. ~Morgan Torva
Weather like today's makes me want to be at the pool with a snowball
I'd rather look forward to the future with u than look back on the past without you.
that's a good rebuttal... I think you are 0 - 3 :)
- Cramer Krasselt in Chicago is currently hiring a media assistant if you're looking entry level. I work at the Milwaukee office :)
Barbara is re-reading Harry Potter 6&7 over and over trying to get the latest movie out of her head - keep reading? or electroshock therapy?
Plunging into the world of iPad app design. Really wish I could have dipped my toe in first.
Hey Aml, I am having problems sending you the questions, does the email you sent still exist?
I dont think people udnerstand that what they might be funny to them... but hurtful to someone else. Smh
yes I do!!! Thanks #step&repeat
RIP #LeanneRiderVargas. A dear classmate and longtime friend. Your sense of humor always inspired me. This is a sad day. Shocking news.
I'm new to this so thank you
#safewayj4u Questions about the Safeway Save 4 u? Ask me now...they're here to answer them!
Congrats to Derek Layne (Los Angeles) who closed a Raising Cane's in Arizona this week!
you gotta have faith, faith, faith!
Late night, Budheavy and Modern Warfare 3
uh huh yip
Skinning Callout and CalloutButton В« Jason's Flex Blog
SAME I ONLY LIKED THEM SINCE DECEMBER
I wish Super Tuesday was actually super. I bet if I cooked a steak, read some Vonnegut, and bottled a home brew it would be so.
Ah! MT : 5 weeks ago today the arbitration hearing began in NY on Ryan Braun's appeal of a positive drug test.
We go live from Aqua at 10pm
The Go Kart scene in Freaks and Geeks was filmed in my hometown.
Hi, Ariana, Please follow me, I love you so much<3
oh, amazing! Grab a pic!
Working on a bikini photo shoot all day can give a person a serious complex
ok what u want. Lol
on a scale from one to batman, how excited are you for the idol tour?!
finally caved in...
im gonna come down there and make you eat your f%#king shoe! You got them stinking up the house now!
yes it was at grettell's house . Remember the toys flying around too lol? Those kids
weirdest part.. that Clapton song is from 86. Why were they parodying a 7 year old video?
Going to help my native american afterschool :-)
#thingspeoplehavetostopdoing eating late at night
b r friend on facebook......cashville representas
The sad thing is, even if they did, it wouldn't make it any cheaper.
On this holiday of renewal, spring, & rebirth, may we imagine & create a World of Peace ~ Namaste ❀ Happy Easter!
Open for happy hour. New beers to try: Bell's Best Brown and Hacker-Pschorr Oktoberfest. $2 domestics and $3 Lakefronts till 8pm.
who run the world? 'Mercia
Thank you! that is Polly Tweets LOL : Oh, I love your icon so much! TY for the Tuesday love tweetie ((smiles))
De'riyah juss gave me a big ole kiss on the cheek then she pulled my hair nd she tlking shit
RT : talk: for successful community, entry barrier > topic definition > motivation
Lovin the weather
he follows me on Twitter , u ain't Shit
I hate when girls wear open toed shoes and their toes are going all crazy in every direction
preparing lesson plan 4 our Searching the Scriptures & Intercessory Prayer group
Needa find someone to go through this playlist with
All this rain <<
NOW EXIT ! RT : Dough in the TL
Don't start to end a conversation with me then get booty tickled when I don't text back.
can we get Quick on the show
Everyone was created unique and different, except Japanese people. They were created with copy and paste.
swallow balls ; nuts to ! lmfao
I almost have as many followers as you!
how's everyone doing today?!
people in school ugh
I now work for www.karmaloop.com so if u need a discount hit me up 20% off if u use my sales code the first time and 10% after.
Have live feed on mute in the office. Hope boss doesn't come in till after this shit is over! Is there only one feed for all sites?
Is Narduzzi gone? If not now, then soon right? With that, is Mike Tressel our next d-coordinator?
More Than This. Great Song. Can only imagine the video.
hahaha I laughed so hard when I read this. X)
One more test left of my junior year.
Heh... good call.
RT Leaving Twitter for a while until the Dick Clark jokes are over.
Or my legs and/or feet are on fire..
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. ~ Charles F. Kettering
plz dont send money if ur frnd asks for help via email .check if it is same person.I heard news of some emails getting hacked.
I'm in Suffolk, but I play in Nassau as well. How about you?
I don't know what's going on sumtimes.
Charlie Brown did have good days
Your tweets are showing up in my search!
I avoid trails these days. Work on core stability for help w/your knees.
Considering home school.
Just watched my son roll over for the first time... PRIDE
There were two slices of vanilla raspberry cake on the kitchen table about 15 minutes ago. Not sure if they are still there though.
welcome to the club Rob!
Mccallie 6 Charlotte Catholic 4. Fourth quarter about to start.
tru luv a lady who can make smile or laugh =)
rails round 1 was a disaster. This time it is FANTABULOUS !!!
yeah definitely
Buffets aren't as much fun now that I'm being more healthy and working out a lot. Back in the day I would really went off
Nice to take a Saturday off for first time since Thanksgiving 2009!
My son is turning into a monster 😒
i'd much rather go on a date in the sunny afternoon than at night..
She should've practiced with those boots!
That was not a video.?
Alamogordo's part of the Earth had rolled away from the Sun and into the Earth's shadow, when a man, 33, tried to leave IHOP without paying.
- cool stuff!
Miss you too Sunshine! I'm getting closer. Should be there no later than August! :)
Hahah well you should, it's only for the coolest =P
what time is the music getting going tonight?
With the price of gas going up and up. There is some FREE fuel we can all get and it is simple to get and easy to use.
Looking forward to lunch & learning about James tomorrow from Come join us
I heard that if you have hairy toes you're healthy....does that mean my friend's gorilla feet are a good thing?
second day home sick, for the second time this winter - I am going to go nuts in here!! I don't sit around and do nothing very well...
of course :( girl♥ you are fantastic ...... hey JB new song "Boyfriend" i love this song
This is pretty cool, worthless, but cool.
Good. I hate Toby.
It would be tight, but I could swing it!
Had a great call yesterday with ! iTriage is getting excited about !!!!
Be a better man today than you were yesterday
I ain't heard bone crusher in umteen years lol
i am seriously in love with francisco lachowski
too late hahah just kidding i'm currently sitting in tino's with shannon
exactly. Alright Jim, I'm going to relax. Nice talking to you.
Journey 2 was great with #TeamJHutch!
Wow, an east coast earthquake.
my sweet and beautiful idol has no brakes wonderful singing is the best is my inspiration is love you ♥ ! !
We've got a soft spot in our hearts for Samuel D. Hunter's work. So a group of Mortar folks are going to 's show Saturday!
That moment when random strangers tell you too much about their lives and you don't know how to respond
U noe he's the one wen he's in the kitchen cooking for yhu xD love yhu babee
Going on hiatus soon. M.I.A.
you fucking rock Evan, fuck the spirit snipers.
Yes. Bravo Ed Harris for being that brave!
Protesters rally outside annual Minnesota Chamber of Commerce meeting in St Paul
um...no. But having fun!
Pat Summit you are QUEEN!!!!! Long live the Queen.
Amazing Air Fresher make money now www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
BTW Ball Will Slay Hong Kong
Sweet man wish I could l stop out and see you play!
lacie gets to meet her other brother #family is complete
Always share your story.. you never know the positive difference you can make and what someone needed 2 hear 2 be inspired!!
"the only people that come here twice must not eat out much" - my dad lol
Congratulations on the promotion of Jim Benson to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
I should never, ever start to research the concept of social graphs. Every time I do it I derail my current project.
My behavior decisions need to consider the impact on others. 1 Corinthians 8:1-13
Has anyone seen the cover of Men's Health this month? I see Zac Efron is in good health..
Happiness is God's Will.,
Sounds like fun! Have a good time.
You've got to be the worst liar ever. LOL. Nofuckingjoke. But hey. Suit yourself. There's a special place in hell for you. (:
as far as i know
Hope you feel better soon..
so glad Adele took 'em all home tonight. i have faith in the #Grammys again. well except for those couple of things... o_O
Be back later! heading off to dance.
im ready wenever you are lol
'12 #Texas #Football season tix apps will be arriving in mail this week. Orders due by May 25.
Lost my keys this morning... of course they were in the coat I looked in 4x. Husband found them on the 1st look ugg
hyoyeon is with me right now do she says hi :p
just checking it out now…give me a few minutes.
Common factors in sex assault claims: alcohol, lack of memory, victim w/ prior mental health issues
Rise and shine fucker
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." My mentor-Oprah Winfrey
Kobe also has an App. It works approx. 10 out of 27 attempts.
you turned out to the best thing i never had.
Bout to hit up this Academy party
Ok I'm at the theater to see red tail and the movie is canceled !!! Cause there projector not working....oh this bull crap
Truer words have never been spoken. At least in my case. RT : "The belly rules the mind." ~Spanish Proverb
how did it go? when will you be up & moving again? :(
Box of wine. Dangerous.
She said yes now she says she meant so,ething different?? A whole year wondering & ........ Actually cant believe im sad :/ goodbye twitter
we news more pictures and updates. Everyone not in Nashville is living vicariously through you guys today. Retweet
I can't believe subway charged me 5cent to put my sandwich In a bag
There Will No White Flags & No Peace Talk!
what up my bieber lovers i got his new song uploaded on youtube (follow me and u will get all da hints)
that song is amazing♥
Who likes the song "115" by Elena Siegman that song is kick-ass!!!!! I love that song!!!!!!
#ShoutOutToTheGuysThat are doing some thing with their lives and not in the streets #twothumbsup lol
Takeaway 6 #bigomaha: Get ready to belong to what you're doing.
Just drank raw egg whites
Wow, they're some talented people out there!
heey follow back xp
hang on....I just counted...The Dells only had 4 players!!! 4 players!! Wtf
WHAT is up with JImmy, Jimmy?
Do u like or dislike Chris Jericho?
Like the DeVier Posey pick for #Texans. Andre Johnson's influence will be good for him as complementary WR.
so outta the loop.. I have no idea what's going on considering my butt's been glued to my floor for hours doi ...
no sleep, ugh. Saw having trouble 2. All that ever helped me was consistent schedule; not possible 4 u I bet.
Hey, good thanks and you? :D And not started yet, just doing lots of revision :]
I think he came frm a monkeys butt just sayin
will do! I'll text ya
wtf why does #netflix think abc familys make it or break it is a top 10 picks for me?
psh. It's gonna be amazing, I know it
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 9
Cool - client says I forgot to book my car for the next day, I used Tripware.com & booked immediately!
104 degrees on my covered back porch
Some days I need better time management skills.
For info on coding language and CLA requirements, , , might have insight
Wow there's already a shitload of misquotes smh hate those bitches
yea me neither, but today is my last day at work so whatever.
That works great for me I can be there at 3:30. I am really looking forward to it!
To all losers who prefer to watch idol instead of vampire diaries. . . . u suck
(john connor out!)
Hey who went on my twitter and tweeted who wants to lose weight?! Now im mad!!!! :( I'm ready to kill! Hahahaha just kidding!!
I dident take a nap today because I wanted to sleep at night but that shit dident work
classic river trip
#BigEastDemands that Miami, Penn State and Notre Dame be granted full membership, retroactive to 1981.
"When God close a door even though we don't want him to, don't worry because he as a much better door open for you to walk into"
Please go watch it. It'll melt your heart. Have you seen Amelie? It's that same feeling.
Sometimes we sing because it's the best way- the only way- to express how we really feel.
So I think that should teach me how to drive his race car! lol..and I think I'd be damn good too! lol:p
thanks big guy! Right back at ya bro. Miss ya sir, and give my best to the rest of clubbie nation and the fellas please
FRI Lunch Salad Special:Baby Iceberg Wedge with Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onion, Hard Boiled Egg & Creamy Maytag Blue Cheese Dressing
Instead of playing Words With Friends on my phone I'm playing Write a F'ing Script on my phone. Downtime reinvented.
but u never really have ur soon on the wkndz any way
I left wife two years ago last month. Life can be too short if you have one major poison....more fun to have many little ones.
just let us know the details :-)
We find ourselves in the same old mess, singin drunken lullabies!
RT : EVENT UPDATE: 'OUAB Presents E! Sensation ' has been cancelled due to medical concerns.
What a crazy weekend spent sat rocking out with #avenged sevenfold , #godsmack, 3 days grace, # seether and so many more crazy day
I HATE seeing friends down, or upset.!
I need rest!
why is that ??
#miketomlin is the man
Good morning everybody. Made it to school and sleepy af
Have a great Derby Day tomorrow, Michelle!
you're in school. wut?
IPhone 7% o.O goodnight babes <21 love you all (:
The book is 24 pages.16 full color. Thanks for your interest!
Flipping characters is one of the things GRR Martin does extremely well.
If you need to spread the word about anything, you should sign up on OneFreeAd.com and post it! It's completely free and new! :D
the key concern is an understanding regarding species interdependence and the development of symbiotic relationships.
which on are you going to park in?!
Inside all of our hearts is blood, but also Jesus!
RT If we fail to sieze small opportunities, we fail
I wish my brain would freaking turn off so I can sleep.
sometimes too many given credentials?
Hot as hell today!
If you're doing music you NEED to connect with and hit up the PenUp event in LA...I HIGHLY recommend it
Live in Windsor?? Check out the 2012 Grand Prix Show Car at the WESPY AWARDS tonight at the Caboto Club!!
We are not bloggers, we are influencers via
New for 2012, the #CitiesoftheWorld Pavilion features cities & municipalities looking to attract retail development to their communities
- since there's no #CoachellaLive steam on YouTube…yeah, it is easy to forget.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 04/05/12 is Ian and Dan!
I can only become a good Leader if I'm committed to becoming a good follower.
Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances. Gotta see them!
Do you remember what the media like around Ray Sherman's son death? There was def more print media at that time.
I've been writing aaaalll day.
get at me tomorrow you derrty
WATCH MISFITS! omg best show ever
Be sure to catch me in the mix tonight on ! Tune in at 2:20am for the 'clubbers commute' w my man
So feels like jet skiing right about now && seeing the lake from across the street doesn't helpp =) Ready to hit the waterr!
I CANT WAIT UNTILL #SaySomething IS ON ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
When you're in love you can't see all the problems in a relationship, this is why my ass won't fall in love.
I thought I was the only one who did that!
definitely not.
actually I have nothing against you&umm I'm not gonna make this a big deal cuz I don't care what you say
Thanks for meeting up today - it was awesome to catch up! Can't wait for some & collaborations!
Oof. Goodness. Getting older has some benefits.
i want to unplug my phone )'; wtf, i cant believe my phone has been syncing for almost 5 hours now !
We love our weekly deliveries! Looking forward to having you down the way at the Market!
I LOVE Jesse Tyler Ferguson, and not just because he proposed marriage to Cat Deeley.
One thing I will say -- when something goes wrong, so long as it doesn't involve water leaks there's no hurry to fix anything.
You're running out of time to get the 50% off all horn and bone jewelry we have in the shop! Or to get someone a gift certificate for Xmas!
thanks for the Ward 5 maps. You've upped the ante for my own Ward 6 (though that's less controversial)
I'll try to make it out, Are you coming to my show at JJ May 23rd???
Today's BTU inspiration: "Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength." ~Dalai Lama
road tripping with a 4 month old will be an interesting experience. Countdown to Florida has started!
: normally read first thing in the morning. Haven't carted my bedside quad from the house since Christmas.
RT : Any Lord of the Rings fans out there? Heres the trailer for Peter Jacksons next movie The Hobbit...
The Buddha himself said we shouldn’t believe his words without question—we must discover the truth for ourselves. Tenzing Norbu
Just voted for you!
My ears are burning this morning! Remember, Atlantans, I've been here for 30 years. I got degrees like Kevin Bacon, yo. Be nice.
3 days until the Superbowl!!! Visit us at www.vancouverwahotel.com
Someone needs to start a "Where to go in DC When Your Parents Visit - Post Grad Edition" blog STAT
De-stressing by playing the #ukulele. Horribly. I'm embracing my suck-age.
Hopping the fence with a dress on is rough. Hope everyone thought my panties were as cute as I do
Finally got to see Jeremy Lin play tonight. Didn't expect to get sucked into the hype, but... seriously, watch this guy play.
Nah, I registered it with an account I never used, so I swapped. I do have an offer out on though.
instead of focusing on a growing healthcare crisis. Still remember Reagan's health care plan? Mandatory PE in school.
Looking forward to Joseph Olshan's reading from Cloudland at Wednesday night.
Good: I pulled the camper out & opened it up & no critters set up camp in there over winter. Bad: Now I can't get it all the way back down.
Nothing messes up your Friday more than realizing it's only Wednesday!!
Such a nice day outside! So glad I have work until 5....
Just back from science communication careers panel. Best question of the night: who are the best role models to watch?
Mwhahahaha who hacked your twitter now! #payback love you laine! Love your giggle box
i hope you have an amazing birthday! Save me some cake :)
Foundational values of the Chicago pub lib were importance of community, the right to know, autonomy, advocacy
Tina Fey makes everything better/okay.
He sees what I see and he knows what I know.
Joining us at 6 2nite for Narrator book launch?
I also play YES BTS but my account name was is my original my yes account. "SIMichael" it didn't realize I changed names
i had a feeling they were lying-seeing as they use their phone to check FB. I HATE when people lie to me as if I'm plain dumb
bye Twitter :( I have to go own my homework problems. love youu
I'm a follower :D<33
Princess of Mars is on Syfy. I guess I don't have to see Disney's John Carter when it comes out
anyone interested in co-owning?
is verified?! I have to admit-I am somewhat envious. Actually...quite envious.
Just lost two followers. 
Consider ergonomics and how people hold devices when designing apps. It matters where you place content. Good advice
LMBOOOO #MyFirstYearAtFAMU I tripped and rolled down the hill by B.L. Perry
Woot! We're glad you're coming! See you then!
sup n-word
I've been to some pretty good college basketball games but this one is my first ncaa tourney game.
ThanksGiving dinner would be amazing high
Hey loser It's too. Not to. Dork.
bro , then swallow your pride & do that . If u really want her back u will do it ...
I'm so stupid. I'm tired of waiting. I keep saying I'm done, but I know I'm really not.
Thursday is almost here; our monthly 3rd Thursday Community Mixer will be taking place at the Hilton Garden Inn Elk Grove. 5:30-7:30
This child actor is INCREDIBLE!
Please post your notes from the panel!
I will experiment with this tomorrow.
Not feverishly?! LOL
Ok I'm sorry
that moment when everyone stops laughing and all you hear is me..
no you go to sleep now >.>
I've missed at least 2 chances to see Mark Knopfler in concert. This needs to be corrected.
I also think some lexile levels are really off... Kids have fav genre, they like them, they get them... let them read em
u got a ticket
With imagination and thought, a perfect gift for Valentine's Day can easily be found at a little cost
We have gotten A LOT of positive feedback in regards to our 1st Team 10 Media Quarterly Mtg. What was your favorite part about being there?
Backed up my files. Just wiped my drive. Now reinstalling lion. I hope I didn't miss any important files!
competition, I don't see any
Chris Hardwick "Nerds make the shiny things that distract the mouth breathers."
I'll be at You?
actually agreed! But a small detail, at that. Overall, tho, I'm really impressed esp. in comparison to their former...
You never realize how lazy people actually are until you work in retail.
Aye. Guess what ? Haters makes me famous bitch. So keep hating.
Looking for someone to handle my blog, FB, twitter and newsletter. Help me market my CDs and Ascot ties..
A thought for the #NewYear via: #Skinner -- "Was putting a man on the moon actually easier than improving education in our public schools?"
I hear you, doesn't get any better than the jewel events. Have a great weekend!
Lol for a second I thought you said, "I hit that." And I was like man my memory is bad lol.
i wanna see your longest cute hair tomorrow ??
i love your covergirl commercial w/ sofia vergara!! Hilarious :-)
Extremely thankful! Haha
RT : RT : Mobile is a user state, not a device.
Guess who's got two thumbs and has been hangover-free for two years? THIS GIRL!
great burger!
I don't head back for 2 weeks. Im out west right now but will be back in Harrisburg on tuesday. I have K-12 all to myself!
These Atkin's Bars are SO good!!!
MY GRADE WENT UP IN ALGEBRA 2. WHAT. IS THIS REAL LIFE?
when is ur surgery???
Yeah.... It was said... I'm not sure what it means.
Call your Representatives today & tell them to vote against CISPA tomorrow. The vaguely defined bill gives open access to our private data
It's a game none of my friends play though, and in order for me to advance in it I need "help from neighbours" so I buy credits... :(
The top 10% have disbursed capital gains, derivatives have allowed gas prices to edge around $3.33 and y'all are happy.. smh
good afternoon to you too!! 🌴☀👙
wouldnt miss it! well, gonna try anyway.
*bangs head on desk*
alright i'll be there can't wait to see everyone (:
U there! Yes u.... Your not cool.... Sorry
When trying on an old button up, if it's pulling your shoulders back before its over your elbows then it's time it BURNS! :(
Today at 6pm on MTPV 10, catch a preview of our annual GREAT TV AUCTION. Highlights include artwork, jewelry, vacations and much more!
Hello, Twitter! We’ve here to introduce you to the musicians of the Symphony. Look for pictures, musician spotlights, events, & more!
Long night last night, gonna send out a few emails then gotta take a nap!
man da law b tripen -on my block its da criminals verse da cops
"attack the enemy"
no maam we called and checked the lost and found.
your pics r making me laugh! Thanks!
And though our health we drank a thousand, times its time to ramble on.
I'll be right there with plenty of lotion.
Riding my bike to work continues to pay amazing dividends. Best ROI I've ever realized, I think.
#Beyonce5thAlbumTitles "Life After Birth"
no imma bigger kobe fan then anyone u prolly know! But I'm a basketball fan. & he be bullshittin a lot
#NW.. Black Swan
Music sometimes makes me feel better when im not in the mood for anything. Lol
FML... I just want a relationship that will last. Someone who won't turn around and hurt me... Like come on... FUCK MY LIFE! GOD DAMNIT.
"The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." Michael Altshuler
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can.
Mosaic - Des Peres is OPEN, stop by have some tapas and cocktails and see this awesome space!!!
I would love to set up a photoshoot with you when I get to Cali later this year.
I know a few bug a boos
We have a tennis challenge for you this summer. Let us know if your interested and "Got Next"
": we have this kind of friendship in which i call you b**ch and you call me slut and we are still best friends"
I miss u more..im drinking white wine and got kinda emotional..u just reminded me of our night at dominos! haha xox
Just got to Noche Caliente for da last hour!!
Thanks for the RT!
Hey Doug, thanks for the RT.
Love!!! RT : #teampablove runner Lauren (and former intern) just finished the !! congrats!
Why did you two break up before?
Thanks for the feedback. We'll pass it along to the workshops team.
Thanks for the S/O Stephanie & Dustin! R U all going to Legends game?
DC: Tonite 4-7 pm, @ Love Nightclub (1350 Okie Street NE). Vince Gray Volunteers; celebrate all that we've accomplished. See you there!
Haha... really? till your ovaries explode? you make me crack up!
hm, still trying to make up my mind. Actually, I like the sound of that. "Still trying to make up my mind" yup
: whooped from all the fresh air today;)
We have a shot like that in Chicago it's a goal no doubt, bc we know Johnson can't stop a skipper.
“: I saw you!! I want your autograph.” // me too! You're famous now! :-D
Pearls of wisdom. "Calling me sir is like putting an elevator in an outhouse. It don't belong. " Emmett, "Road House"
The Rain >>
Pissed at Jets loss to Tebow now have to have lunch with former Cowboy Bill Bates today who also coached Tebow in High School
The original Hieber's Pharmacy was opened in the Strip District by Albert and Ben Hieber in the 1860's! Still serving Pittsburgh with pride!
hit me up gotta tell you a lil sum sum Lol
I'm about half an inch away from no longer going downtown in the eves... Mostly cuz I've moved that far in 10.
Feelin particularly pretty today :)
Another night of deep thoughts
Going to the hotel staying up all night lol.
Twisting tonight at The Showcase Cinemas Dedham. Ma. from 5-7 pm for "Happy Feet 2" In the Lobby! Making Penguin Balloons!
What they Gone say when i tellem ALL I GOTTA SAY IS
Acoustic version > live version > album version
I wonder if people look at me, and think “I wish I was that pretty,” because that’s what I think when I look at everyone else.
A peaceful lunch finally :)
I bet you $10 that you can't look at a picture of the Dancing with the Stars cast and name more than 2 of the "stars" without a caption.
RT : We salute the YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee on its successful 15th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King, jr. breakfast....
wooohoo! What kinda car?
diamond bits, tell them you need a bit for ceramic tile. It's the same bit, they're like 10-15 bucks.
Nope on favorites
Thanks for the follow. We would love to tell you how OC Moms are using Nextdoor. If interested email :)
. The Kirsh family says hi. Hope you and Mitch are doing well. Have a great day. Joel kirsh
I wonder what will happen to 's decades of congressional docs after he retires.
Me and Nick Cannon down by the school yard....playing tether ball.
Wish I could be a the GALA Stu. I'll be thinking about you from Boston on that night :) Have a great one!
You've turned into a pretty big waste of my Time
Dudes called their thing Transverse Temporal Gyrus. Stay you, Animal Collective.
EPUB titles should work perfectly, again I apologize, but you may need to contact
I'm getting tired of diss, sum finna channgee now!
I would think Cyborg is more accurate
"Human Centipede is my new Caligula"
Let her eat cake! ": I just want cake."
Never heard of you dudes. Cool music.
Me too. There's not a damn thing to do.
what was ettttt
ok thanks
Watching sitcoms and romantic comedies while trying to write my own. Unfortunately, it is just making me feel all sappy and stupid...
The definition of being stupid: seeing the truth, knowing the truth, and choosing to still believe the lies...
Going to watch Phoenix Coyotes beat Calgary Flames. Go Coyotes!!!
Oh my god that little bastard is adorable. -JO
Jimmy's shin guard makes him looks like a Storm Ship Trooper.
He is my favorite person in the world. -___-
Looks like maybe #stjbb (somewhat) still in?? // RT What bout st johns nd UCONN... What u think bout them... Good looks too
Awesome! Will do. Thank you :)
I'm A Lil Timid.
And now they're talking about the East German men's gymnastics team... didn't catch the relation but am perversely intrigued.
For health and the constant enjoyment of life, give me a keen and ever-present sense of humor it is the next best thing to an ab
The elections at my school were not that bad.
that is so weird because you are in my stream and it shows I am following you.
Ansira is looking for an Insight Director 2 manage the analysis of our digital campaigns, let me know if you're interested
Thanks to all who retweeted about the new Neal Morse and Transatlantic releases. "When you support the music you love, you never lose it!"
Proud/Happy for my nephew there's nothing like wanting something for a longtime then finally getting it!!
Our friends now have an ice cream truck in NY! Follow for truck locations so you can get your ice cream fix!
Dolphins struggling to sell season tickets - National Football Post
Going to journalism banquet tonight. If it's anything like last year, room will be loaded with pretty, pretty TV people. Nice hair.
I did
Peffer says the dissolution of UCAN is "heartbreaking." He believes in what UCAN works to accomplish.
Ricky Henderson had 130 steals in 1982? Holy crap!
where's this?
Look at that fresh profile pic. Lookin' good!
On my way to the Lone Ranger Ultra Marathon in Philly
who do I need to tweet at to get the WTLX webstream turned on?
school starts tomorrow, dammit.
it's google I have a prob w/ in MFF. Flash causes my IE7 at work to crash. Thanks though, I'm def going to update.
I know I said this on FB...but BEAUTIFUL pic!!!! :)
We accept the love we think we desire.
We are now officially a 5-man band. \m/
Late to school... Shocker
just stfu. all you want is attention.
You're too kind sir! RT Definite top shelf comedy coming out of the PIT. Would have stuck around to chat but it was getting late
you and your brother come to video shoot featuring Shawty Lo on Monday May 7 DM me..thanks
emma and i are 'working'.
I'm uploading it to, ugh, Myspace. I'll link as soon as they process it. I'll send you the album, I want you guys to have it.
It was fun driving all the way home burnt to a crisp and pissed off for 4 hours that the Yotes lost again.
listening to a webinar on blended learning.
pfffft. You can do it :P.
haha well then i look foward to it #gunnabelive (:
My #tweet cloud for contains the words: great, happy, live, love, read and social. A little too positive?
I'd have to go with the I Ching.
What? We have twins and suddenly I'm expected to give up my bar time to watch the little rug rats? No fair!
I picked that song mostly for the title. She studied with Nobel Laureate Derek Wolcott in grad school. unrelated to the song.
says #google doodles coming to mobile. With this & docs, seems like they are bringing whole experiece 2 mobile
I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday and today the sleeves got rolled up and its game on stay tuned its getting better
New method on filling out my bracket this year. Doing it on April 5th.
I swaer looking through my instagram makes my day
:-) how are your "ugh's" coming along?
Me too.
put your mind to it and you'll accomplish anything
whats the lastest new on twitter????
"NBA suspends World Peace 7 games for elbow" ... I think this was the real reason he changed his name.
why you hate me, you hate me ‘cause i’m doing what i’m supposed to and i’m making more money than you
father time mite be counting down never had one longer than a month 2-3-12
Got my standing back handspring 
thanks Kathy! Xoxo
Teaching & Learning with Digital Mindfulness 4 third grd parents. Looking forward to questions from parents.
this movie is really stupid
MY SCHOOL FINISHES THAT WEEKEND SO I WILL NEED ALL OF THE DRINKS ANYWAY. Bring it on, baby!
we are fighting! fighting to keep the $100K beneftis and salary packages we are entitled to from taxpayers!
October Is LGBT History Month!.....Thanks
"Siri tell she's stupid" ...."Now calling Joe Bates"
Good morning Papa Dios. Could really use a boost of energy.
thry are trying to be cool. what a shame
Happy birthday,
Parent: What did you learn today? Student: Apparently not enough! We have to go back tomorrow!
The last time you were looking for something to buy online did you go to craigslist.org?
No way Palmiero's mustache is better than Eddie Murray's
fair enough. Good luck at the ultrasound appointment anyway. Hope you get good news.
Musical trivia night
first time at ? That's pretty special. Enjoy!
Some times I forget how silly life really is
2chainz that nikka": Shout out to the new 2chainz fans "
I want a girlfriend dog.
Oh, just reading and feeling like an underachiever. I should stick to reading the National Enquirer and feeling awesome.
must end capitalism. Must stop propagating post-racial fantasy. Must stop being a corporate shill.
Oh hay there Florida panthers
RT how can I acquire UX design experience on my own? - Ask a local nonprofit to work on their website. Help each other out
Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars. Its a sports AND racing game, right up your alley
You know it jimmystanch has entered
Poli-sci prof to class "Why do we have parties??" then he said "I mean *political* parties. I know why we have the other one" haha
Watching hardcore pawn. This shits hilarious.
Tonight Tongue & Groove + #Mental Dope mixtape release = EPIC make ur cameo appearance Tonight in this Movie
Get a clay #wash & #detail after rain to avoid #paint damage! Call for our daily specials (619) 928-4848 #sandiego #sd #auto #car #mobile :)
An event at 11am called debate by and campaign event by ... silly season in full bloom
bahahahah we need a reunion.
Inspiration:Stimulation of the mind or emotions to a high level of feeling or activity. BE inspired today!! www.befit-chicago.com
awww thanks... is going DOWN tomorrow... Im excited ... cant wait to see you !
I'd probably be doing homework now but I'm on twitter.
Bk ta sleep I go
Are you at Whistler's Peacock Room ?
look like u gone have to aint nun i can do
Schools, despite our constraints, do have the flexibility to reward and recognize teachers better than we are doing it now.
people are DELUSIONAL
But for most people, the place they were raised. It has to have cultural associations for you.
- haha. My middle name is: It.
Yeah... this: RT : Did I just see a tumbleweed go by? Longest Viral Video w/most views? Really?
Can't understand anyone in texas
i commend you on your limited-resources treat pick, mama.
RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou I don't think i'll ever get over you.. i'm in love with you and always will be.
Lmfao when u feel like it
free #GoDC t-shirt to person who answers the question we're posting shortly ... stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT, Lorna! I hope you try out ' beta. Happy day to you both :-)
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
The guys in the front row with the ref shirts were at
Singin songs about Texas with
you can't drink and drive!
downtime is important even when you love what u do. too much is too much- to be the master of the obvious ;)
You're welcome! We'll look forward to seeing you again.
I'm real.ly tired of adverbly startups. Your noun is not an adverb and it sounds stupid and tired.
RT : ahahah WAIT. Obama is at CU BOULDER TODAY...it's 4/20. i die.
Waiting 45 min to get a haircut.. Where is Steven Hinezman!!!
I love you let's have babies
Sometimes the things that give me strength are the ones that make me weak -.-
#PaperGang in this bitch
": Hello who some original down south like beats? I need some ASAP"ck out he might hv something for u
Idk no niggas that do it RT : Self explanatory RT : What for? RT SBGriffin: Looking at skydiving prices
What part of "I don't like you" don't you understand?
Our school, too. Wins Stupid Rule Award of the year. RT : So you can't play tag at school anymore? So says my 8 year old.
I feel you. I've loved that show for almost 4 years now.
Have fun baby girl!!
Easy to turn down a chick it's like my collar...
It's hard, cause when a 19 month old says Marshmallow, you almost cry.
Somehow i ended up watching 3/5 twilight's today -_-
yea I know .. That's just my way of saying hi!!!
If a bartender asks if you want to do a shot with him, is he flirting? If I say yes, am I?
all kinds of natuurliiiik is so lekker!
very very country.
Im back bitches
; it's okay. && when you are done i'd like to read it, if you don't care. :)
Anything's possible if you open your mind!!
shiiiited on em! Might as well call em all out while your at it!
Time to get back on track.. TEX A&M OVER
RT : Resorts & condos: New ADA Pool Lift rules in effect March 15. Don't comply & it's a $60K fine. Avoid it with our help....
on my mind: the "decline of the newspaper industry"... when did journalism begin it's downward slide? computers are the easy out.
Taking it real slow right now . Going to LA in a few weeks .
:) sweet, thanks beautiful
Where are the tour pods??? NEEDS MORE STEVE-DAVE!!
Multi-tasking tonight! Social media webinar while doing cardio.
RT Shout out to a great team! great work!!!! So proud! <--We IN it!
Confirmed! Tonight's hashtag for the BMA event is definitely #bmaedge. See you there at 5:30 for what should be an amazing evening!
Thanks for following Brooke! I hope you enjoy my tweets.
that shits annoying. i traded laptops & lost 2500 songs & I'm having trouble getting most back. lol
Good morning tweeters!! Make it a great day!
Not really..
opens this weekend. check them out!
I thought about doing some more peer things...I KNOW! I seem to be losing my touch?! Parents think its ENTIRELY my job these days
Who brought winter to Houston? Brrrrr
yupp, i'm forsure bi-polar
Wow. That's pretty fascinating.
Our first commercial is done! We will be uploading it and launching our website in a few days!
I love piglets🐷
guess who just ordered a #SALTY shirt?!?! ME! haha thank you very much easter bunny haha :)
LOL, that happens to me every day in this stupid building that has the pull bars on both sides of the door.
oh my god yes.
be sure to check out the GEB reading group happening on reddit - reddit.com/r/geb
Rick Carlisle signs new deal to coach Dallas Mavericks Rick Carlisle has signed a new contract with the Mavericks that will keep h
NYC Coffee & Tea Festival, worth the trip from San Jose, CA! Enjoyed Yoon Hee Kim, Chef Melody and Tavalon's Chris Cason classes today.
I highly highly recommend you pick up new album. It's one of my favorite records of 2012 and I am positive U will agree!
The people who r the govt are like the idiots who see me on a great run & who get n my way everytime i turn 2legally avoid them w/my talents
DM me next time!
Nice penetration from Ramón Sessions
sup? Still have chance for a iCarly theater film you know..:) got to get to help out
With signing of Young, should I drop Jordan Crawford for Jordan Hill or should I wait to see if JC can keep the starting gig?
Got my exercise 4 the night. Heard a car alarm go off in front of the house, then remembered (after I got 2 the door) the car's in the back.
Good timing on the hot sauce photog. I was literally about to walk over and take a shot of that. Touche.
Sweet! See you at the fest on June 2! :) RT : - got it on my calendar!
What! is off to South Beach w/a fresh bottle of Chardonnay. Food Network W&FFs R amazing! ahh memories of the 1st in NY
#WeWontWorkoutIf you're not as weird as I am .
Still time to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm, late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
Hi Martha, I'm brand new at tweeting, and am trying to reach attorneys about this legal chess set- any advice???
RT "Mom, mom, mom, mommy, mommy, mommy, mother, mother, mother, louis, louis, louis, mama, mama, mama" "WHAT!?!" "Hi" hehe :D
If I was a boy I'd treat girls with respect...
Thank you Forte and thank you Barber! And of course Jay Cutler the qb that made it happen! Lovin' my bears right now!
i want to dye my hair!!!... what color???
Conner Prairie's Civil War Journey takes participatory, intergenerational learning to the next level. Opens June 4.
OMG this episode of #personofinterest sounds way too familiar!!!! "Do you know how much I've done for you?"
Senior Software Developer-Bellevue
just reply all to every email you send.
NOTHING BETTER THAN A MARIACHI SHOW BABY, LAS ALTENAS ROCK, CAN'T WAIT, C'MON 4 O' CLOCK!!!!
Going to a cookout! I can't wait! I'm starving! (:
You could play college next year and be as good as the other freshman, lol.
Never Say Never! > your life
#ComicConEpisodeIVAFansHope sitting next to the biggest geek in the room, James Faust.
All these small ass little walking around by themselves , :o smh
nothing crazy, just kind of sick lol
Random Chode: Hey dude! Wanna come join us for a fun soccer match? Me: Is this America? Cause I thought this was America.
martial arts/self defense/street fighting
Baseball scrimage tomorrow!!
That's the sort of season we're in for. MT : #Marlins up 6-2. Padres were up 2-0. Sweep by the Fish would drop Padres to 9-20.
all of them the whole franchise!!
When you wait for that one special person to text back , it feels like ages before you get a reply ...
I'll now be locating you on all social networking sites. Prepare for an onslaught of poop jokes and stories of awkward encounters.
Watching "NickSwardson : Seriously , Who Farted ?" It's funny as hell !! I <3 you Nick !! ;D
Because all those people with sores and lesions and weakened immune systems are all faking it. D: (I hate deniers.)
I'll kick it off with my #1 favorite, especially for boys - GUINNESS BOOK OF WORLD RECORDS!!
Critiquing the head shots of audience members really brings home the way the body becomes a site of spectacle.
is nice to see that through all of this stuff going on, that youre still writting, you're way to good to stop xx
Oh #Twitter how quickly you facilitate the aestheticization of the life and politics.
8th seed......are you kidding me selection committee?!
dude! You are alive! Sup with deleting your you tube vids? You were my hero when I started. LOL
is in love with the 3br double on East Long Street, calling to schedule a showing first thing tomorrow!!!
Spot on! : Paul Simon said: "You can run out your rules but you know you can't outrun the history train"
#SwampPeople oh yeah
Merry xmas from WILSON'S HOT TAMALES FAMILY
dont you feel accomplished? Seriously leave 1D alone they never did anything to you so STFU
Well gonna start getting ready for dance practice
Man, at this point they should just turn 16 & Pregnant to "6 & Pregnant"!
Opening Day. Yep, the best time of the year is officially here.
I wish I could have waited until April Fools, but it would have been too obvious by then...I'm pregnant.
Like the page ! Justin Bieber, why are you so hot? !
lol clearly I can't outwit Catherine.
I am going to find ur ass monday and beat your ass forreal this time.and you can tell your body gaurd carlos if justs in too ima beat hisass
yes..got to stay inside tonight! Special treat;)
American Idol tonight.... Still ain't the same without
Sec of State Kurt Browning - #vivaflorida500 is a grassroots initiative. Dr. Francis - #vivaflorida500 amazing opportunity for scholarship
My pleasure Bob! Look forward to your tweets!
let's just say, I miss GT on a daily basis.
your pic is simply stunning...simply you :) WHEN are you chasing your crazy dog around the yard again?
Dinner would have been nothing w/out the awesome brews to back it up!
Its going down a j durham
why the fuck is your name suke lansfield & ants havin another one this wknd in morrell
Need help with the new Timeline for your business? I can help! Contact me for more information!
good for u. It will be Xmas before you know it
I want to be Lana Del Rey.
We're glad you came! RT : Went to Otis's student reception. I cant believe my dream is coming true!
alrighty. hold on
it's crazy watching reruns & thinking how much you've all been through, always been amazing ABDC6
I heard dat shit sold out doe so I betta be gettin back stage passes haha
haha you make me laugh! I love your tweets (: hope you have a good night as well <3
who wants more followers??? RETWEET this and il give u a shoutout :D
do you have Instapaper? I'm not a fan of how it does pagination. Wish it just cloned flipboard's mechanic.
"The Green Economy & Its Implementation in China" now 10% off w/code HKBFEPP2011. Only til Aug31 at www.enrichprofessional.com
Boom! Flights booked, cant wait to be back on the grind, sup Costa??
Cloverfields on, :D
DE fans think Julie ships SE, and SE fans think she ships DE. Lmao
On another note - I've never been so excited for a new month to begin. Dear January 2012, you were great.
Anyone going to today's game?
Now we are under new management, and have opened our doors a second time.
Tracked a cover for yesterday at It's sounding real purrtyy.
Cats Shouldn't Even Eat Cheeseburgers - Rage Comics
Follow me for biggest stories on police brutality.
oh good i would never call you a whore! i promise!
A feast of intellectual ideas. Listening to Leonhardt and Romer analyze the US economy
Trying to do a story on winter cycling and don't have anyone to talk to? Email and she will hook you up with an interview
During physical, doctor accidentally tickled me. I laughed. It was awkward. Then he touched my crotch. So that's my day so far.
Looking handsome in that bowtie there Nick!!! Love You <3 Can't wait to see you and the rest of the Boyz on ABDC again
PickUpLine: I'm invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?
Hanging - psyched to hear about the value of the
as always, thanks for the RT!
You're slutty & you blow it.
I think authoring a book is a necessity for anyone who wants to position themselves as an expert in their field.
I thought that if you were going to make shit music and be successful, you had to at least be hot. Skrillex proves that's evidently false.
Happy National Siblings Day!!! Love you! :)
is the BEST, just look at him!!!!!
Really? The dictator is going to be terrible.
Check out Lucas Pino's 9-piece band, featuring Juilliard Jazz students and alumni @ Local 269 on Wednesday Sept. 20th, 10pm & 11pm!!
it is also a hipster beer now. But yes hipsters are culture borrowers and took it from rednecks
Haha Bud Light Platinum
I feel good too!!
You may wanna keep your guy away from live mics. You can't even handle the ball in warmups.
yehp thts why u love me :p
So much for rep'ing the sports "nation" RT "How many minutes of Kansas v Kentucky did I watch. ZERO. I couldn't care less!"
Twitter showing me some ❤
This will happen to you for the rest of your life...get used to it!!
A local teen is raising awareness about teen violence and singing in a national competition. You can help her win! !
I don't wish I know. #cards football will be awesome next year
fuck you fortune cookies!!!!
: though i think the impostor syndrome is widely experienced by passionate teachers.
Just yesterday said "it doesn't feel like winter" and today it's snowing for my hour commute. Must learn when to shut the hell up.
I gotta watch. Your wardrobe inspires me!
fosho, dude sound guilty tho and slow slow
new plan! Tan while doing hw outside!:)
hey thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our facebook yet!?
you should hire he's a urban marketing guru. Dude has 1500 followers off his name alone & WITHOUT even trying!
no problem enjoy your weekend !
Why is it after the breakup, the ex seems to be nicer than when you were with them?
": It was a great event! Keep in touch!" Will do, looking forward to more. Best of luck to you and your team!
#Pittsburgh Tonight! Join HCEF for "An #Education: True Stories of Unusual Lessons Learned" at the Cabaret at Theatre square downtown.
why am i still up -__-
Happy Thanksgiving!
So I know what I'm doing for your bday. And tell your mom happy mothers day from me. Love you guys!
it's bloody cold today!! Jeez what happened to the sunshine?
someone just unfollowed me...so I'm back down to 99 :( let's make it 100 again? I wanna give away a free shirt!
Funny to see tweet velocity wane when someone lands a project and then goes BAM when they're looking for another one...
Twitter is the most fascinating thing. I'm really looking forward to this analysis.
convicted by ur spirit and by ur word
RT : What advice would you give to novice planners?
Maybe this is just me but I hate that March Madness ends in April..
oh the stories it could tell.
Ack! Janet Jackson's Escapade was the last song I heard when leaving the gym. Save me, Nina Simone!
I love that eye to eye connect where u feel it all over. Phew!
hoooah! You're gonna get wet. :)
": that nigga look like mr t"I didn know they still had them around
we need a hint :)
right? Someone else tweeted me abt eating some right now and I want more, ha!
WTF is the point of XPS?
Do you watch Rachel Ray
. And I try to be careful in this regard too. I do realize the Big Red Dog needs fed. But. . .
Second, you might not be so dismissive if you had heard piece we heard today.
Got some quality work done with and
#WisACCA update: best session-Negotiating Indemnification Clauses; most entertaining-Knowing How Far to Go Celebrating Your Teams Success
I apologize for all the Federer retweets, but he's my idol
RT : I'll be tweeting at the SEO in Social Media event tonight
Thanks to for the #followfriday love! Looking for sponsors and recruiting engaging speakers now! @ me if you want to speak!
Feels Lonely Not Texting Anybody >.<
Welcome new friends, thank you!
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in a million ways<3
Thanks Amy!
Everyone go out and see my good friend at Claddah tonight, Polaris.
thank you!
Ick get this outta here
boy this has been an intense week, feels like more than only Wednesday
Life to short to be stressing about anything, live like there's no tomorrow! No telling when the man upstairs calling you home..
The awkward moment when a little kid asks you to open something for them and you can't. -_-
Favorite food?? #1614 :)
How do you love God and you did what you did and do what you do
The awkward moment when u see a cute baby & u don't know whether its a girl or a boy...
I can't wrap my mind around how Hellen Kellar gave speeches lol
#electwomen if majority of American women gave $5, it wld put candidate in every Hse race and give her $1 mil. So give
Let Afghan deal with him!!!
Rohrbachs now has a FULL grain silo and 3 new fermenters that are waiting to be installed! Excited to be able to make more beer than ever!
i say i go back to vacation....
you're married...he owes US a beer now
A designer we've always admired is ! Make sure you follow her and check out her Facebook for design inspirations of your own!
Sarah, you are beautiful. Please follow me back..and tweet me?(: #StayingStrong <3
i want all my old friends from alst year back
Have not yet been successful in setting up my new blackberry phone with twitter....
life is good!Good morn
Obama's personal history still doesn't matter to MSM in 2012, as in 2008, but Romney's does. Seems MSM has & hasn't evolved!
Wonder if she miss it jus as much as I du
when your sister thinks your really gonna kill me.. lol
I bet justins dick is centimeters not inches haha ;)
"This is my command—be strong & courageous! Don't be afraid or discouraged. For the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.” - Joshua 1:9
What is "GTD". I'll tune in just to hear you say Brian's last name. I always liked that.
. I thought I'd hate the movie, but it was actually pretty good. Eye candy was a nice bonus.
If I am working with the bitch today I SWEAR TO GOD some one is gonna get their ass kicked >.<
All I want for Christmas is a gold chain.
The #Atlanta #Hawks just DON'T THINK the game of basketball. smh.
r u saying that you think duke or unlv still have a shot at him? UK is the best business move. Lol
Why can everyone else say what they want and what they feel but the moment I do people make a huge deal about it like wtf -_-
having second thoughts about racing .
Beans & Rice typa girl is what I need
Did you happen to get it on film?
On my way to Lowell MA to perform at Dr Gertrude Bailey School ! (:
balanced picture of the central city? what does that look like?
Barrera: "It's time to get serious about solving our budget crisis and not in this way"
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
I will post the link to my music shortly.
first day of work in the office, except it's not an office. It's a space aged art studio loft. SO COOL. AND I CAN SEE NATURAL LIGHT
I do kinda wish I was back home jus so I can hear Mikalya squeaky voice say its gon be ok DeVann
Love is never going to be 100% logical, so if you only know how to approach life with logic, you'll never know how to love someone.
We had a great time at the show! Thanks so much to everyone who stopped by our booth....now back to The Burgh!
oops...for
Catch & Release: reminds retiring leaders not to overreach the 40something generation of folklorists when retiring
Its an Audrey Hepburn BREAKFAST IN TIFFANYS & Martini kind of night.
Ima be late if I dont get out of bed now !!
She had a kid Vin!
The gift card bonus continues in 2011!
yeah and nopee
Cayla.... Guess What?
haha which is exactly why I am applying everywhere but here :)
i love you :D
what about them doing a concert here ? o.o
Its been a really long time since I've had such a long social media rant.
"Done is better than perfect"
And yes, I meant sock.
story is about travel screening, Not meant to point out specific company. Apologies if it came across that way.
Those EYES!!! :D
See? It's all perfectly normal.
Love to...where will I find it
If you have a policy of only doing your original work, i certainly do understand & respect your position; just say yes/no
Had me fucked up from GO!
Looking like I will not be seeing an NBA championship parade in Dallas this summer…
Jim Rohn ~ Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
RT Having a good memory doesn't make you petty. // Exactly.
#ipad - The level of portable computing that I want/need.
RT : #packernation. Time to support. DONALD AND PETA.. get to voting
Lmfao , What was he sleeping naked for ?
Taking Tuesday off is like taking Saturday off, only I'm the only one at home!
by the way what's ur p.o. box? I'm going to send u something soon :^)
watching Yu-Gi-Oh! and no i dont have the cards but i have played before
Training five creative (art) directors today. Will they accept language as their medium for a few hours?
Amy almost took a stage dive.
Well done, Well done.
Peacock colors of emerald green, royal purple, and deep sapphire; silks layered with satin, glitzy lame, and lace-delicious! A visual feast!
Experts Agree! Our rhetoric is better than our policies! Congrats to the propagandists among us!
#SchoolMemories learning a new way to cheat everyday
HARVARD SQ: our flavors are Salted Caramel and Strawberry Shortcake!
i love your songs. they really inspire me<#
Read more on Cleckner at pennlive.com
Good to see you too! I think heading back was a smart move.
So I'm sitting on the N train next 2 this Gianni Italiano dude and he pulls out his electric razor and proceeds to shave right there! LMAO!
Nevadans have been betting on sports online for many years thru Stations. It's crazy how far away from doing the same w/ poker we still are.
Damn I didnt keep ANY of my old work from this year hahahah
can u sent me link with implants description?
awesome! we're stoked we're in the outer sunset too.
Shaping up to be a great event. Kelly is doing a fantastic job organizing - can't imagine how difficult it is .
In celebration of Follow Friday #FF, we suggest following and
Aight I'm going to bed ...
Rush Limbaugh talking about foreigners visiting US hospitals, universities, and theme parks - you know, stuff Americans can't afford.
Pretty sure I'm seeing God right now. Oh wait it's EMA.
open a support ticket?
Best line from customers today...."Firefly Cupcakes-often immitated...NEVER duplicated! " Thanks WE LOVE that!
I want to watch REC but I can't handle it being in Spanish. Even the trailer has Spanish music and I am ready to kill myself
Pathos with a punch
Wondering why it is so hard for people to be nice. Although, I pray I NEVER understand it!!!
Pure Waste Of A Saturday!
I can custom order that for you...hang it up next to one of your Olly Moss joints!
I was working on a screenplay starring J-Lo and Cameron Diaz that would have relied heavily on their imrpov skills. I just set it on fire.
That would really balance the east out. Or Bron to the Bulls. RT Stoudmire and Lebron! With the Knicks!
I just hate city so much. Like I woulda rather anyone else but city win.
Thanks for sharing Jeff!
#Tune in, and go with the
Driving the wife's Merc today. I am so missing my
as soon as i'd get up there the electricity would come back on
What can we saw, we love ya Tech, can't get enough of your ill rhymes and your mind blowing metaphors
oh I will
100% I'm buying a hot pink driver
Oh my God. That shot was incredible.
Heading to San Jose with tomorrow for our first shoot in sunny #California. Just a day trip, so no swim suits being packed this time.
Capps: As easy as 1, gulp, 2, gulp, 3.
I can't wait to see in Knoxville next month. #soexcited #TNboy #cutie 😏😘💋
I could lay in my bed and watch Friends for the rest of my life
I'm amazed they found a team that wanted Quintero and Bourgeois.
#incollege "Class is cancelled for today" Wow, that was a waste of gas !! -_-
With the cop that looks like Channing Tatum!(:
MUSIC & MOVIES
Very excited! Just got tix for the first night of 's Riddled at on 6/1.
Give us any rule, we'll break it.
patron: "do you have any other books by this author?" (Author is Jodi Picoult). Me internally: "no. go read some Austen."
our days are twins. except swap golf for basketball.
Due to this cleanse my weekend will be dedicated to GTLinggggg
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
Happy Holi day to all my friends
Time to go to the lab, write the introduction to my diss, and finish watching Elite Squad 2. All in a day's work.
blistered feet, freckled face, tired eyes, & a happy heart.
You lost by 600 votes? That's a tragedy. Good luck with the votes this time.
I no that right
Heading to wash some clothes...actually wanna sleep a lil longer...
#NP "Why Am I So Sprung"
Nothing like a good bowl of applejacks to start the morning.
Why do I do these plays again??
Is it 3 pm yet?
I never get off Sunday
Returning to the set today to film a big scene! For all of us this is our last day of filming. Day 32 of 32.
In a writting mood.
really? Such a thing really exist?! Where????
he just legit asked me if I was a vampire....wtf??
Retweet if you'll support Austin until the very end!! <3
Congratulations to LaMont J. for his first performance as a solo artists! We are so proud of you
Gorgeous day in Carrboro, just saw a lovely little set by Stu from Allie met him (shyly) and she's so happy.
Hunger = higher rates of disease = reduced work & school attendance = reduced ability to overcome hunger
I'm writing an essay about that bullshit. -.-
when your texting and your phone sends it before your done #crap berry
it's totally worth figuring out a way to walk around that thing.
Congrats to and the rest of the St. Mary's Cardinals!
If you have a child, cussing every other word is probably not smart
R.I.P. Aaliyah
that's a lie I just left not said peace
I just wanna wear fricken shorts
If you'd be interested in my moderately conservative views, esp on int'l affairs, Israel & Mideast, please follow
I need a Ham radio! #touch. I hope they stop that doctor!
happy to hear it =) cappuccinos when things calm down?
RT : #MothersDay has been celebrated on the 2nd Sunday in May since 1914
Dontari Poe is the second player from Memphis that the Chiefs have drafted in the 1st round. The other was Jerome Woods in '96
Awww thanks guys! :)
Can't wait for #Shameless and #TheWalkingDead tonight!
Carson City and Harrisburg!
Nailed it : )
Me too // RT Jesus Christ. I have more pocket knives than pairs of heels.
I thought I was the spice of your life. Or Rosie.
I spent $100 last night, and all i have to show for it is a hangover...
Cue all the morons on the planet. "Baseball is slow & boring". Idjuts. RT : “: How could anyone not love this game?”
my bad sorry
RT : 18 years ago today grunge legend Kurt Cobain died. Learn more at 's Nirvava: Taking Punk to the Masses
Watch Gary Mayoral-Elect Karen Freeman at Noon on Perspective
Birds of a feather do all sorts of things together.
Looking forward to Portland Business Journal Growth Expo next week.
it's so weird watching #howimetyourmother knowing that neil patrick harris is
Nothing brings out some guys' sudden interest in "women's rights" and safety quite the way prostitution and sex work do, huh amazing
For their 100th Annv. Girl Scouts reveal a new cookie, 'Savannah Smiles'... it looks like a powdered lemon cookie... Samoas are still my fav
yes. but new and old avenues both. a story is a story. a voice a voice. a grandchild's love surpasses technology and just uses it.
I just might have thrown another dress into the #guestofawedding #styledilemma mix. What to do?
The avengers. Like everyone else in America tonight.
Voice of the Poor Month-“I am a senior citizen living on social security income, medicare and $17 worth of Food stamps per month.“
I am Gayle, in the Comm office at SVA. I met with Grace a few weeks ago and need to talk to her about a press request.
Sigh...I know, right?
thanks for following. following you back. hopefully will get me into dc groove. lol
it's a talent i can already do ;) i think it's a trait i earned from my father. lol.
shade of red changed, icons changed, some other tweaks
Thank you for joining Twitter! I look forward to your personal tweets! p.s. Dignity and class - you make our country proud
Geesh its raining hard!!
Worst 3 hours of my life.
So people can marry their cousins but not people of the same gender...?
I watch all of the House Hunters shows...it amazes me the people who look for 2nd homes or vacation homes with an $800,000 budget!!
“Income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf.” — Will Rogers...Learn more about your tax options www.1040easyonlline
Canoeing Victorious Oliver earns promotion
Tacos Bell sounds so good!
We have four units up for auction tomorrow at 11am! Call us at 757-426-3212 for details.
What about #400?
wudz up wit u
shiatttt cars gonna be quick so hell yeahh some real time flossing
Let's all not forget what happened in Columbine 13 years ago today. Live life to the fullest and remember those taken away that day.
Ugh, Facebook is so D2M. I need a loyal Pretty Committee; is that too much to ask? Gawd, they're all LBRs.
I artebded a Fargo seminar yesterday. They outlined a new product for creative financing.
Celebrating Earth Day ()! Employees are picking up trash, donating clothes to & planting flowers!
are u their pimp??? Got them dancin making u some dinero!! LOL
Perfect! Only vacancy I had that whole week! I got it locked in...
Protected tweets.
Thanks! We had fun and Scott & Nicoleta are a great couple!
Talking a walk with nicole (:
Truly stunned at the picture quality on ROH. 720p? It's like they realized it's 2012.
I wanna be Austin's and Alex's friend that they can go to for girl advice(:
Whatever you say about Norv, he has guts. Onside kick works.
Not necessarily. But you do realize that while insulting me you're providing me with entertainment?
#BestSupportingActress goes to...
GYRO FRY PEPSI
Thanks for following! :) I'm feeling the love!
Just did an interview from #NCSL with Austins NPR station about federal issues facing states.
"You lose your right to having an opinion when you enter management" -Cy Wakeman
who won? Lol
Online college education is gaining bulk popularity. Become a part of the student fraternity enrolled here and check out the benefits
And possibly might hang with y'all again next Sunday in Indy. (:
I would cite Allison's list in my argument too.
What is something you have that is of sentimental value?
Anyone planning been storifying as we go? If not I will do it later today
I will pray for any requests that are sent in today. God has breakthrough you today!
The only thing WORSE than hearing, "I'm Pregnant" is "Hey man listen to this joke, and if u like it, you should totally try it in your act"
at least on conference calls people cant see you rolling your eyes and making blabber faces with your hands...
1 in 2500 people has #Charcot-Marie-Tooth, a genetic disorder that weakens the peripheral muscles. Celebrate
Which is just as accurate.
It was a pleasure talking with the African Youth League tonight about how we can fight hunger together.
That's 2.5 minutes to consume a Krispy Kreme doughnut. Not bad, Mr. Stiff! We're impressed. :)
College students did you know your ticket to Men of Steel is only $9 with your ID? midwesttix.com
i definitely will. Lets get together sometime this week. Maybe go out to dinner or something :)
I would say it the news departments of the music stations as your market is young hip adults. You just hitting up LA?
's rendition of The Circle of Life is better than the original. #mybestfriendisbetterthanyours Ø=Þ
Why get into a relationship during. Summer? Lol hell nah #teamsingle (:
Yay Patrick Is My Twin.!(: <3333333
WHY are they so stylish..is it cuz everything is MADE there first soo they have the first LOOK?????
Holy shit! I want to do that.....unless it involves burpees.
CARNAGE ROAD is on Kindle and Nook, TPB soon. THE FRENZY WAR in a few weeks. TORTURED SPIRITS Oct. 1. Then 2 more films & SNOW SHARK DVD.
I'm a carrot ninja on big shirt Sunday
Best blown layup ive seen in a while RT : Artest just short armed a break away layup!
If Santorum suspended himself does that mean cannot participate in any political activity? Please say it's so.
David - "girl what you doin, baby here tonight, you cant be single..." - "I'm not, I'm married" David - "...."
I dig it! Love the robot sticker. Looking good,
There's a storm comin moma.
HOLLLLAAAA and are engaged 💍😍!!!!!! Love y'all :) so happy for you two love birds ;)
“: Stunning brilliant paper today by John Barclay on Paul's theology of gift..."
u only get a lil slack lol txt me!
Thanks for supporting affordable housing in the District budget.
aw yeah!!
aha yeah(:
Hey guys!
Kendrick Perkins should be suspended 3 games for getting dunked on like that!
the way she cuts her eye @ him
omg and one?
