album is legit
Watching The Janky Promoters!!
Live broadcast from ASI @ 5am for , Swedish author speaking tonight, so no. :( 16 hour work day!
Thank you for the kind Tweet, Enid!
30 min of cardio sould boring to you. Try doing 3 different machines for 10 min each.
We found love on a battleship!
Perfection is boring and doesn't exist , to strive for it makes you uninteresting <3
Happy May!
The Tel Aviv beach party has started!! Head on over! It's off 4th & Neches. We'll see you here!
tweeeeerk I got the Insanity Deluxe Workout Series. 😊
follow me plz
Naysayers: I live in North Carolina and I assure you that had the President come out in favor of SSM before Am. 1 would have still passed.
it was so good seeing you at the mall! I have to see you soon!
Preparing for annual leadership mtg w/Emerald Youth board and staff. Always a good time...really! :-)
Drake or Future?
party at my casa
Osu/Florida game tonight
I wanna see the movie The Art of Rap. It comes out in June (:
Jonah Lehrer's article on Groupthink in the Jan 30 issue of the New Yorker is enormously applicable to libraries
A #CBS report states that #AmericanBandstand host #DickClark has passed away at 82.
But unlike music, you don't buy beer, you rent it
is really ill at this time in the morning lol
Loved spending the day with my mother! How was your mother's day!?
LOL!! OH EY, I'm moving to California in September. Let's meet up again before I go!
Stuff wife complains about in 8th month-Me,the room I take up in bed,Distance frm TV 2 bathroom& that I never raise hand in Childbirth Class
Treat respect with respect.
I need to wait till tomorrow for my money to clear :p
Three doctors appointments down... today has been more work then work
Haven't getting enough sleep handling the family business with no help from no one since everyone is preoccupied.
#LRT everyday is that day!
#GlutenFree breakfast treats from is an awesome way to start a grey morning!
Phillip phillips turns me on..
Just bought $GLUU
I want you to buy us dinner soon. :)
Should have taken Closing Time :) tweet us the worst place u've been hungover. Best tweet gets a FREE sample of Closing Time
I was voter 1728 in Wausau districts 1 and 2. Pretty good turn out.
#HealthITJam Stumbled upon the discussion about #TEDMED and the need for patient representation
Dude... You do be lookin so gangsta here! Love it!
ill be at his crib tomorrow afternoon
Touched by fire!
:x me and sick af -_____-
Chilling with my baby girl
M rye and Mad Men
I voted early - more than a week ago.
TY for RTs!! Hope your day is good!!
You're welcome!
Woohoo!!! You go girls!
#LMSunSIG analytics curry college only tracks which users log into to BB from portal
Lots of front office movement will be happening in the #NBA so will be on to discuss with today at 5:30!
GO!!! Knock on wood right this second... and never EVAR say that again... shame on you... !!!!!
I'm totally jealous. Tomorrow I see Nick Offerman, I hope he smells my lustmusk from the stage.
Just finished "The Name of the Wind" by Patrick Rothfuss. SO. FREAKING. GOOD. Best fantasy I've read in a while. Off to buy book two!
Today on actor comedian is LIVE in studio, Back on My Feet founder Anne Malhum
are these the fried chicken & peach cobbler variety?
David absolutely sent one. CYA. let's go!
Yeah I'd fail that class for sure
its the one with the sandles lol
She needs make-up to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
Cold and rainy night...wish I had someone 2 cuddle wit :(
I know. I need to get a new one :p its constantly wanting me to rub it. I'm just like no dude. I don't go that direction.
If I get enough mentions I Wil release the song 5/20 hit me up
I <3 lesbians
Sometimes our hearts get tangled, our souls a little off-kilter. Friends and family can set us right. And help guide us back to the light
RT if you're happy :)
Yay the birthday girl up :-)
Did you unfollow or did twitter do it? Twitters been unfollowing me from people too, and I'm not doing it!
Sho, lets do it!
I feel so close to you right now, its a forcefield <3
Why me? Why does this always end up happing to me
just read the article very true and motivating, thank you for sharing i will do my best to apply, God bless!
Congrats to ! #winning. Now will you call into work for me?
come 2 miami and visit ! .
nice article
On my way to #dcflacks and hopefully you are too!
#HeatsFans Thats playoff Basketball @ its Finest.#LetsGoHeats #ILuvLeBronJames. Lets Get It Done Heats#Lakers Losing To The Clippers
I lost 26 pounds in 13 weeks with a new, safe (HCG Free) all-natural DIET PILL ... Get your FREE 2-Day Sample at HappySkinnyMe.info
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Not being on this Account For the Past.. Month!
We saw an article about the camera phone takeover ---whats yr take? Will a camera phone ever make you put down yr digital SLR?
I care because if instagram takes on facebook's TOS then our photos become facebook's property. Which is lame.
dude I was BAD last night. Don't let random guys buy you drinks..
9 PEOPLE FOLLOW FOR A NEW FOLLOWER. RT
yeah..I still need the address
Wtf do I do now?
Our LIKES are moving on up! Thanks Everyone for Liking Us!
this daym alien invasion didn't happen again today! don't they realize that we're vulnerable and need some good anal probing
Look for machines on the end of isle as they get more play. Don't be afraid to ask the floor staff what machines are hot.
We hope to see you! RT : hope to make it in for brunch before I leave town tomorrow. :-)
Silliness makes your #soul smile, so be silly today and #Smile !
Sending hate text to my family in Dallas.
Bad camera man he should've been on her ass not the boots
Knicks don't even look at Chandler on his basket cuts. I bet he misses Kidd.
RT “: Who is enjoying the airshow from a city park today? #Tucson #DMAFB”
is introducing a bumper-free crib sheet design that keeps baby safe without sacrificing style in the nursery. Love!
RIP Vidal Sassoon. Most people - women AND men - don't realize that he is largely responsible for the way your hair is cut today.
That is a great, honest post. Those people don'tinhabit Inner Susnet. Which is why I like living there.
This weekend? Putting the finishing touches to my "Social Networking" painting for the Sk3tchbook Invitational Show, Denver, CO.
I'm feeling like eating some KFC right now.
Today was just peachy :|
adding Twitter to Facebook...becoming more efficient, hopefully
Research and Markets: Terrestrial Hydrometeorology Handbook: Essential Reading for Graduate Students of Surface Water ...
A confession makes you feel good but does it really diminish your guilt?
“ I WOULD NEVA DIE FOR NO PUSSY SMH #MadeFresh COMING SOON!”
marry rich ezpz
#26-Philip Rivers-QB-San Diego Chargers
Today's Restaurant Special: Jumbo Chicken Cordon Cheddar Dinner only $11.95
Massage Therapy comes under the domain of Alternative Medicine. They desire the respect most offer MD's, Chiropractors and Dentists.
that lasagna gone be the shit
In 2010, DPI stats show that nearly 500,00 children and young adults participated in their summer library program.
Party party party!!! We all getting wasted
One THing I hate Is a fat chick that belive she's thick
when you walk in faith and refuse to quit, God guarantees your obstacles won't prevent your dream from being fulfilled...
Bahaha! Andrew said if Daisy could sing it'd be "I'm sexy and I know it!" :)
this nigga is going to his friends house damnn
Lincecum could ensure a future Giants brawl with the Rockies by hitting Tulo in the leg here...
lol it's not too late, i might switch it up and go to SFA.lol
yes, sir!
WordPress 3.3 is out! Here is to hoping no plugins break.
Rain in SC too? Well, darn! Our tour Saturday should be rain free:-) RT : Not supposed to rain until 10pm so book a tour!
On Wisconsin! RT : Bridgeland: WI is the first state to the 90% graduation rate goal.
they the worse.
Give me a tent, because I want to be a refugee in your heart.
word!!!!! Lol text me one time
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking which created them. ~ Albert Einstein
can you listen to ! you'll like their music!! :0)
more weapons, fewer degenerate gamblers
Man, I really need to loose my tummy >_<
To anyone that said the POTUS forgot to mention education in his speech - you're up.
and NEIGHBORHOOD BASKETBALL
It's really starting to piss me off because I accidentally answer phone calls when I am trying to text someone.
do you need a ride to Josh's tonight?
she deleted me!! but she is prego from her profile pic..
**Stay tuned for an upcoming GIVEAWAY!!**
I got a question would you go to a show with 25 acts and dont know none of them
When I was little, I was terrified of Slipknot. Now they're one of my favorite bands. Oh, life.
Heading in to see with the bosses. My mom has never been so jealous.
we have the endorsement and more in #CA52. Help us spread the word?
Finally going home after a long day!
Thanking him for another day and another chance :)
I wouldn't mind so much if they parked better.
beer Thursday is awesome with all my faves! and I suppose
I wish I could shop online, haha with my fat ass you never know what's gonna fit and what isnt!
lolol the originator of swag. Oh and he's currently employed by Champs...
: #MentionTo your friend who's so scary when they are angry.
Girl with dreams, aspirations, ambition > girl with a nice body.. Physical features will only last oh so long..
so like you busy this weekend or...
Most popular rap lyric: "I got my mind on my money, and money on my mind
COLTON BABY YOU'RE IN THE AUDIENCE??? WOAH WOAHHHHHH
why thank you Terrance 😉
thanks for sharing this video.... This woman's testimony is awesome!
Happy to annouce that I am officially the Telescope's new editor-in-chief!
Radiohead on a not so sunny Saturday in Santa Monica? Yep. It's good.
will RIM blackberry have skype on the new phones that will be coming out this year?
It's wonderful to use affirmations to train mind towards positive outcomes. It's best if we can believe n reality of our affirmation.
Yep that's right I'm gonna win the #powerball tonight
the amount of pollen in the air today... brb dying
I asked my soon to be 2 year old daughter what she wanted for her birthday, the response? "Cookies" How could I say no?
Don't go to sleep. Formula 1 qualifying from China is on TV.
God was with me and stopped my hand from slapping this stupid hoe
Really exciting! The Leon Jaworski public program will be broadcast live on today at 5pm EST.
That awkward 5 second lap dance you give somone when moving to a seat in a movie theatre.
So...auditioning for today with 10 fantastic friends of mine! Wish us luck!
looking forward 2 a fun dinner 2nite with , & !!
Congratulations You've come along way since DEMO 2007! Very happy for you both.
Thanks for the #ff mention!
pics or it didn't happen.
Chicago people! We're at The Hideout tonight with Would love to see all your midwestern faces!
hi Kitty! You're super cute :)
I never would've guessed that they would use pinball machines as props in their songs.
Yeah dad, I turned the thermostat up one degree.
Rahh! Gmail, why do you ignore my CSS??
I was on a gig once, many many, many years ago, where the bandleader asked me to sing "Don't Worry About me"
Just found out Dance Moms will be back on June 5th! This day is getting better and better!
ok I just followed him!(:
Fuck love. Burn schools. Hi Jesus.
#truestory “: The only guarantee to failure is to stop trying.”
Whether it be in a relationship, on a team, at work, ect. THERE IS ALWAYS SOMEBODY looking to take your spot. Stay sharp.
Nah, they get the most attention tho RT is everybody from Austin as weird as it seems like everybody from Austin is?
Thanks to everybody at #oah2012 and #ncph2012 for great tweets, I feel like I was there. Can't wait for tomorrow!
If you were to write a book what would it be about?
Nothing in the pipeline. Just released ShelfLister 2.0, but with 1.0 already listed in the codeshare, it's likely ineligible.
You make my dreams come truee
Did you get my message yesterday?
RT www.facebook.com/pages/Tema/136218723222 Popsicle Furniture, Made in Denmark, Solid Nordic Pine, Avai. in Whitewash or Natural.
Save the date! Hit Lecture Series: Social Media and Cancer Control, Sylvia Chou, National Cancer Institute, March 1, 6pm.
New Progressive Class Intro to Salsa On2/ Mambo NYC Style...Starts Tuesday June 7th!
would love to be added to your DBC 2012 Attendees twitter list! See you on Sunday!
Thanks Panelists at #smcsea are were Great!
Which NCAA Tournament team leads the country in points per possession?
We're pretty awesome.
Hi Miss, did you find your new home yet?
And congrats to Scott/Ross Center for Oct 17-21 Community Service Week. Go see what the Center is up to!
Welcome back TK!
": - Yeah, it was like some movie shit. Straight up. Go to KSAT.com tomorrow. It'll be on there." Imon it fo sho
Lemon haze will make a hippopotamus cough.
let's get it where u at
On a bright day like today, Polarized Sunglasses are excellent!!!
Comedy? John Oliver (Daily Show), Kristen Schall (Flight of Conchords), Michael Ian Black (Wet Hot American Summer) or John Mulaney (SNL)?
Math quiz tomorrow bout to take a L
Being a dude, #uCantBeToughAndSay "I love my boyfriend."
Just got a call from wardrobe for commercial shoot Thursday...
I don't think the f*ck Obama guy liked my veterans for Obama sticker. I need a good reply for those kind of guys
my tv show is about teens and my movie has to do with zombies and it will be a live action
I'm dying to get my own place, you don't understand what a candle lit bubble bath can do for a girl.
#InMiddleSchool i was socially awkward
Thank you!! RT Reagan Schools Obama in "I Want Your Money": youtu.be/KBXQhs6kwYc via
Oh I am not necessarily a critic, would love to know more. Is your syllabus online? Do you have tech support?
Reminder of our meeting tonight in BH 139 at 5:45! Bring your bracelet money and see you there!!
Well James smoked without me. Fag 😒
Juvenile diabetes "results from AUTOIMMUNE destruction of insulin-producing beta cells of the pancreas." So kids' immune systems broken?
I love you afternoon coffee. Thank you for the good beans!
any news on the helicopters w/ search lights that were circling La Crescenta in the hills b/t Lowell & Pennsylvania last nt?
Thats everyday on my JOB. I'm thier Best Friend Till I get them OUT. Then It's FU
#Peoplelikeus save lives!
Do the #lions and/ or #bills belong in the top 5 of this weeks power rankings?
yes! You get what you pay for, I guess.
This power outage is ridiculous
a town? First, newly deceased, then a town? Well then, my mocking will def fall on deaf ears... They've already been desensitized
Sharing MY personal experiences involving whatever's bothering them
Off to Utah tonight… err tomorrow morning err… tonight… 230AM...
It was improper to have a table unconcealed by cloth in Victorian times lest it ignite lust in men with spindley wooden leg lust... Pirates?
I absolutely love it :-) and the lip balm? Heavenly.
I imagine I'll be freaking out each time I see a new continent :)
Good morning no weapon formed against you shall prosper! Push on!
no ma'am, you started throwing bows and pulling hair during "feel like makin love" there must be an underlying issue I'm unaware of
omg she in there goin to work on the snoring..
dude, your getting this twitter thing down if it's the last thing I do
Ugly Sweater Xmas Potluck w/ the Crew tonight!! Shit will get
Falk party filling up at the Edgewater. Tons of press, maybe 100-200 people.
This would only have been more perfect if Anderson Cooper had the exclusive.
Vietnamese avocado shakes when I'm done cleaning?
I'm saying though when u are focused u overlook distractions follow me ;)
Little Know Fact: Ace Hood & French Montana recorded a mixtape titled 16 Minutes of Fame in 2009
Enjoying a pint of your Pink Ribbon Saison. Cheers, Carl.
Congratulations to New Zealand!
“: You can take the boy out of - but you can't take the superinhuman out of the boy” // Working on new things. :)
Every duty which is bidden to wait returns with seven fresh duties at its back. Charles Kingsley
Thanks much!!
Make your reservations to bring in the new year with us !
what college do you attend?
LOL, your hair is blue?!?!
I could have done that with one leg!
“ “ One lie will make you question everything.””
"Gimme breakfast! Breakfast! Breakfast! Gimme breakfast! BREAAAAAKFAAAASTTT!" *takes two bites* *walks away*
for the Foo Fighters documentary followed up by the secret concert!
; Some people are seriously obnoxious .
#POTUS calls on Congress to advance #DREAMAct, to open #education & economic opportunities for #kids in
yea I originally thought the movie was dumb but I enjoy it now & stereotyped the show based on the movie
Can somebody google 'presidential library'
I wish it was publicly acceptable to just not wear clothes
Thanks so much!! You too!!
yeah I understand
Say what you need to say
Big shout out to This is going to be the best experience of my life! You are
hey i think dinner's done! Hey! I'm right!
It's difficult to see someone else's perspective when you're looking down your nose.
Yes, but it's usually followed by 'Thanks'
Wow I gotta try the P90X. Anyone here ever tried it before?
Live twitter reviews by from Sideshow Fringe Fest's #cafftheatre - this is happening!
Seeing my kids happy & confident after their AP test today was awesome!
I'm holding down the "717" today!
any plans for Paper for Android?
Wonder why?
wallace: "why do polls show the public HATES your ideas?" cantor: "because uhm dems are bad." (well played, you fucking idiot.)
how are u doing??
At Tyson's mall!
For minor improvements, work on behavior. For significant quantum improvements, work on paradigms.
And if you master this place/process you will prosper! RT : this place is on a totally different level...
Thanks to for #FF!
nostril induced espresso is a lost art!
hahaha well I didn't get any info about the Kasbian show, but the other two, i'm attending. which ones are you going to?
We didn't bring up Aniston though. That's a possibility! Haha.
Pumped for the collegiate AMA conference; made a hashtag
that's why I ride the bus
#ParkAtlanta has my blood pressure up. They wait like vultures on that time to elapse on the meter.
I am going to take the most epic shower ever.
I've always found Diamond Dave to be /very/ responsive...except when he isn't.
hey, you can go to cool camp even if you don't.
Got my son to eat green beans tonight!
jammin to MosDef and updating live music events calendar for 2012...
and dang proud of it
I'm going to let all you in on a little secret...Dave the Wendy's guy died from eating too much KFC.
Trying really really hard to stay positive
Check email!!! Passes for CL ??? I DIE FOR THEM!!!!
Just downloaded Temple Run on my G2. No way this is happening! It must all be a dream! I can't believe it!
My mom was shocked when i told her P&P was my all time favorite movie.
Thanks gang!
What should I do next week in SOR (School Of Rock)? Cover a song, or work on writing a song with my vocal coach and guitarist Cassie House?
Rolands beers getting hot
We should start a monthly Broetry day.
Was jamming to LMFAO now jamming to Usher 😄
Dudebro! meet me over by the briggs stage for Buck Cherry! hammered on Mike's Hard!
Visualize it, and it will happen, whatever it may be! focus on it and believe it with everything you got.
Tag this tag #Sunday and
Thank you Marcia!
you got your ass kicked tonight.;)
woohoo!! Family time, here we come.
Uh oh, are we gonna have to hide all of the shivs?
what happened now? Lol
I love Julian, don't get me wrong but he wasn't on ABDC to begin with so I don't think he should be on it now.
You will greatly increase your happiness if... you break your habit of settling for less than you deserve. Start today.
Gotta love when you sign on & Twitter tells you you don't exist. ;)
#School tomorrow. Bittersweet.
That was awesome that day I met at the mall :) do you remember that??? (:
hahaha and I'm guessing your dad helped you?!
Steve Kerr still looks like he's 20
Thanks for the follow, mucho appreciado. Look forward to your tweets, hope I can share something useful or fun with you as well.
And who do you think you are Running 'round leaving scars Collecting your jar of hearts And tearing love apart ❤
Any word from Ronkonkoma Patch?
because my deeds will be forever etched in their memories
Billy bout to get GOT!
It's 9 pm.... Wine? Or coffee? ....decisions decisions
Sympathetic but the only help I got was an appt for Sat 4/14 to have a technician come out. I couldn't watch Mad Men last night
": Today has been the best day." Oh well great for you KATY PERRY
Pub crawl underway. Almost time for Red Star Bar!
Trying without success to imagine a bad day on the Erie Canal. This one is particularly pretty. Do you really want to stay at work?
wat up kid
Remember when we use to talk sober? Lol. I miss that.
Eddie always steals my phone then tells me to call him papi to get it back. Hahaha no!
Actually, much closer to 100,000 followers, upon double checking, than 90,000. Wowza, And not a cat video in the lot!
Oh her eyes, her eyes make the stars look like they're not ___ her hair her hair falls __ whithout her trying She's so ___ and i tell her __
TEA POT on FIRE...we finally have a hater puahaha
The perfect Mother’s Day gift: a $100 gift card! You could win just by RT-ing with #eBayMom. Rules:
Life is much better with no SBARS and careplans.
Watching this heat game push ups and abs during the commercial crazy man shit
Don't open any links my twitter sends you.
My eyes hurt from writing. Doing a how to ebook is tough! I just want to get everything perfect.
You know it's a bad sign when your bank calls to really make sure you are at Neiman Marcus bc you have spent so much money.
I'm sitting @ physical therapy as we speak, but its not too fun. Kinda like torture lol so much pain!! Hows the promotion?? :)
No sub work today, instead I'm learning about blogging & planning to take yet another tutor.com exam.
FRIDAY! :) I need you weekend....hurry up and get here!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Just finished this bottle of Jack D
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Well well fkn' well mr. #HaroldCamping where the fk is your rapture now? Hmm?
Just submitted a new ad to ! Thank you for the opportunity to work together to serve the children of Marion County.
That depressing moment when you relize you forgot your headphones in the morning
our votes don't count. Who can explain this?
nah we not commn for practice. U gettn in the dunk contest? Lol.
+ that's just journos.
Helmond: Using hyperlink to periodize web. Examining move to differentiate & attribute value to links.
Excited for Viernes Culturales! I must write post-festivities.
what if digital experience was parallel to on-site? We're redesigning reynoldahouse.org with that goal.
": Biden, citing Teddy Roosevelt quote: "I promise you, the president has a big stick. I promise you.""
Guess I'm going to school! Shower time :)
I hate my past and what it did to me ill prob grow up and be like both my fagget ass fathers
My Adonis will be outside field and would break from 20 post if any horse drops out by Friday at 9 am
I don't pay attention 2 that stuff! I'm getting ready for a trip & 4 GLORIOUS days of !! :D
Who do you want to win today???
Just became a fan of madeleine peyroux. Thanks ralph!
oh you goin out
Seek first to understand and then to be understood. -Stephen Covey
so beautiful, loved your concert in San Francisco.
Going out with a long lost buddy tonight. Watch out!
Do we have a Diane on our team? Guess not...
Keep the 4th year externship postings coming! I'm looking for medical + research setting in the coastal southeast.
Dear pink lemonade, Where can I find these pink lemons? Sincerely, confused drinker..
So great to meet and in person tonight!
Need ideas for Mothers Day gifts!!
Johnson is playing a song he wrote called "The Non-Song Cycle."
We strongly encourage all of our followers to also jump on board with and
Forecast for the global convention here in Orlando? Well today, at least, it's sunny and beautiful!
I can't wait to see you on Saturday :'-)
Chicago bound!
Beautiful day for the lilac festival #Roc !! Go out and take some pictures!
I have a Thai accent though and sometime Spanish. That girl is a clone freak!!
Little 16 year olds these days are going to learn.
Takers may eat well, but givers sleep well.
im much a little kid sometimes i just stole a freezie from my mom :"}
RT BREAKING: New tornado warning for Champaign and Vermillion Counties now includes Danville.
I'm dying to go after spending all day reading about weird little motels and abandoned gas stations.
I like my Kindle Fire for surfing the web, watching movies and reading books. The Touchpad is basically a big android phone
The Fray. The anthem. I like.
#telljimmy You need to figure out what you're talking about. Colton did awesome on Bad Romance.
Its monday but we already got the move for saturday
My new-to-me car is in town! Will pick it up tonight. First new wheels in 11 years. :)
I miss u 2 big broski.. N thanks!! Love you long time lol...
very. Too bad moving sucks so bad!
I think the Academy will be very good to Woody this year. For sure, "best original screenplay" and maybe "best picture" and "best director"
Happy day of birth to
Thanks for the kind words! RT : you'll love it there! I did! 👌
How do we stamp out the silly impediments of regulations and silos to promote effective innovations?
Jojo- this is Keiths Dad. Keep up the good work with schl and bb. No pain no gain. All the best.
that party last night was awfully crazy, i wish we taped it
there i followed you! happy now? haha
Great conversation with the Youth First board in Evansville. They deliver wonderful services to at-risk youth. Thanks for your work!
What a great idea - HS teachers working w/college profs in research,citing,thesis dev.,etc!
330 days:D
DSLR or 35MM lens adapters? Any thoughts?
Country music in your car is just not the same as the real live deal. Missing #tootsies and #johnstone already
So fucking mad
Yanks are losing
teachers are annoying -.-
"At Last" it's the weekend but sad to hear of Etta James' passing - she was a lady and a unique talent
love your food! Thanks for following!
freaking amazing dude. Soak it up!!!!
will do. I will need someone to push me.
That made me sound like a dick lol
Scott Boras' games with the Phillies and RAJ put Madson's future in doubt. Gotta feel bad for Ryan. One year deal..ouch. Boras is devil.
#5GoodSingers Justin Bieber, Chris brown, beyonce, Eminem, Rihanna
My favorite - Think Blended.
SO MANY FAILED BUNT ATTEMPTS.
It's my mom's favorite cake...I dont even know what it's supposed to taste like. Red Velvet Pants?
Thanks to everyone that came-out to our Winter Breeze Event Last-night at Y.O.L.O Lounge. Hope you have a great Super Bowl Sunday.
fuck you nigga let's ride
So excited to get new cd #IWin I know it is going to be a blessing. Let's make it #1 on all charts
Complete BS City of Cleveland... If you are going to have your lots closed, you need to notify people ahead of time... Compete BS
congrats! love "Twinkle"!!!
dats wats up my nyga i told shelbi im b up thea for christmas to fuc wit yawl.
thanks for coming through man! Do anything fun after?
love u ladies!
A couple of Brewers walks, and Dave Stewart is finally knocked from this game in the 8th. Jay Howell then strikes out 2.
Had really good wine, only problem is it goes really good with short ribs. Made a sauce, next thing u know I'm getting short ribs.
Meet some great authors at the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference, including Mary Kay Andrews
www.mwishartpi.com asset investigations on cheating spouse the guilty hide assets. www.mwishartinvestigations.com.
Cheeseburger in paradise?
Oh girl your ass is superthickk. Lotta girls up in this club and you the baddest in this bitch!
LMN movies complete my life.
My SPEAKERS , BOOMIN ,like a 808 ..
Arrived at #podhbcu - looking forward to tomorrow's pre conference workshop: engage your faculty for leaderly thinking and collaborative chg
Miley dated Nick who dated Selena who dated Taylor L who dated Taylor S who dated Joe who dated Demi who dated Trace Cyrus, Miley's brother.
Chicken in waffles
My sisters freaking out. Like hyperventilating going crazy having a fucking whale because of Nick Jonas. Calm yourself.
Been a while since I've been on here. Where has the time gone?
You should def come to the LaunchSquad party. I'll send you an invite.
is Drupal the new cms solution?
Just saw so many familiar faces at the Pavillions. I *love* my neighborhood. WeHo is like a small town in a big town body.
I suggest "One Day" if you're looking for holiday reading. Funny, cynically sentimental, & Kindle says it's only 100 percentage points long!
WP allowed us to build Pressible fast and efficiently while building out unique features and tools along the way. We love WP.
Stop by McD's this afternoon for a delicious and refreshing #McCafe drink.
soo...about that album news....Haha :)
Too cute!
went to #artlosangelescontemporary this evening. felt refreshing walking amongst people who are trying harder than i am.
Tune in and watch,if you're not already, game 1 of the Stanley Cup Western Final (NBCSN)Kings and Coyotes are tied up 1-1
Jesus is not offended by your humanity. John 11
o/\o *highfive* RT : Vernon Leonard Davis, everybody. \o/
A 90 day cruise cost 60k, well that one do!
Shoot day number 2 for our film, THE PICKLE. Last night went really well. More to come!
HY! where mine?
PHONE Y U NO LET ME TEXT MY BEST FRIEND?
Naahhh y'all don't need that broom!
Yea I know. Westbrook can really mess the offense up sometimes. Harden should be their PG. He's a better facilitator.
: Excited to be racing in Seattle this weekend! Us too!
taco bell chiefn
You play basketball?
Happy birthday GURL I LOVES YOU BOO BEAR ❤❤❤
Trading Gold Stocks in 2009 :O hot topics
China tour this summer! Tell to bring us back to Japan people!!
: You have to get the northern style ribs for an appetizer! There amazing!!!
- BREAKING NEWS: Jeremy Lin and Tim Tebow - Two best bounce passers out there now in the same city...
yo that's nice how u made that
#IWishYouKnew how I feel.
arsenio hall on late night with jimmy fallon. wow, who remembers the arsenio late night era? seems like a million years ago
Are you the same Andrew Marks running for alderman? I'm trying to reach that person for a news story about the election.
“You can ignore reality, but you can’t ignore the consequences of ignoring reality.” -Ayn Rand
since day one gorgeous girl - love you!!! Please come out tonight #ledgesrage x
Working on a new intro and setlist today!
12 inches of snow in upstate NY?
- It sure does!
Ballet, spacing rehearsal, tech run tonight. Let's do it!
Wow I just got so defensive over The Hunger Games. Clearly hit a nerve. Ugh
ur saving me cookies right
and to you, Sashi. Many blessings, much joy.
keep me updated when there gonna be in los angeles.im goin to the concert at the ckricket wireless center in san diego
Thanks, Greg! We had a blast! RT : Great concert last night at the Cedar with & Wow!
So, Sarah Palin co-hosting the Today Show was not an April Fool's joke? ...okay. Hard to tell with her sometimes.
haha did you know that tyler means sexy pancake in the urban dictionary? Quite accurate. :)
Need to leave fresh roasted espresso beans in my car overnight more often.
if OJ just score his avg of 12 pts, we win every game. He averaged like 6 points this series bruh
That feeling when you realize you ate all the fries on the way home | :
Fleshing out a new tune...acoustic RnB feel.
I really didn't want Trent Richardson to waste his time in Cleveland.
In My Mind, He Doesn't Deserve A Fourth Chance, But She Does, Smh . #HereWeGo Again .
Zuckerberg himself will owe $750 million to the feds & $180 million to California. His tax bill is why he's selling so much.
Small towns look almost the same; it's like deja'vu. I thought we had gotten lost, going in circles.
I wanna kiss juju in zee rain
seize the carpe.
#FF #FollowFriday RT : It gets better.* *Offer not valid in North Carolina
idk yet. I ain't gone be there tho.
Off to senior ball!
so much disappointment in the hands of American voters!
To the guy blowing raspberries on his girlfriends stomach at the pool- please stop.
FF support womens rights in backwards Saudi Arabia!!
Gorgeous! Wish that were my view...
These kids do not listen. Makes me not want to have kids of my own.
I'm listening to 11:11 right now. This song will NEVER get old :))
Did you know you can eat salmon fresh out the river? No skinnin it or nothin! ;)
I am wanting and i am needing you here inside the absence of fear.
I hear it's windy in NYC? That's at least what the fine people of St. Louis say why we are delayed for an hour.
youu getting some?
I'm not too much your just not enough
"I had to google it." said the southern Okla. girl.
In the end ... no one writes alone
You can check out anytime you like....But you can never Leave !!!!
Brrr! What's up with our cold, rainy weather. RT : High of 55 in San Diego today ties daily record for lowest max temp set in 1901
Planning to restructure my APUSH class next year. Need to encourage deeper thinking.
aw  i hopee it jets better some how my day wasn't good either
Anyone else have a bestfriend they dont get to see? I'm with mine and I couldent be happier <3
thanks for the support on the journey to our goal of helping support kids with autism with there dreams
My favorite indie band is Minus the Matthew Berry just kidding I'm crushing both my leagues thanks to you.
Thank you! We hope you get to come to a show sometime :)
Thank you. I had no idea...
MAKE BEASTIE BOYS VINYL
#Salute my G
Getting ready to watch film on music in Louisiana Prisons
Girl your not beautiful, your beyond it
#IfIWonTheLotteryTonight I'd buy a sandwich then maybe a soda
I donated a LBJ23 hat I had to a meth addict today. Fun fact: he has as many rings as you do!
The Secret History by Donna Tartt.
Chewing rose petals and cloves before I retire.
I think this is one of my favorite pictures of you, Anita! :)
how ya doing?
According to the marquee, the yellow line is never coming.
I hate buying food. food should be free
its coming baby lbvs how are you gorgeou'z
FINALLY! Leftovers are at a minimum, so bread is in the oven, steak is marinating, potatoes are peeled and in h2o. beans.... you're next!
i know girl, told me!! lol what yall doin
Bet that the Patriots will beat the Bulls in the 10th inning by scoring 3 goals in sudden death
do u feel better now?
Hopefully i am gettin my tickets rite now
Hey Eric, good thing he's a great guy.
Watch Jeopardy tonight and root for #TeamLizzy, because should mop the floor with Chris Matthews' flop sweat.
you just made a girl really happy!
Just jammin to sum metal music while lookin Lik a straight up innocent chick
So if Brady was betr than Montana is Eli greater than Brady?
it's a GREAT
Visit us at Promotions East on June 8&9 in booth 1902 & 1904! Reps Gary, Tom & Nancy will be there with a 50% off show sample special!
Thanks Marcus... I appreciate you!
that's for sure i went soo hard i couldn't make it through their whole set. speaking of tbs, what was that one song called?
"One of these things is not like the other.." Pretty sure they were talking about your eyes. That right one is SCARY big!
i love looking through old pictures. #socute . what happened?
And I'd give up forever to touch you, cause I know that you feel me somehow, you're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be sz <G.
This man's moustache and beard are yellow in the middle. I think we are going to get along.
I'm sort of giddy to take one of his seminars. Was bummed his spring session filled up before I emailed him last week.
birthday cards are so cheesy!
People were being extremely rude today. I'm sorry you didnt get that tv you wanted yesterday, but you don't have to take it out on us!
It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right - especially when one is right. ~ Nietzsche
It is basketball season in Kentucky! My favorite time of the year.
Wow I'm shocked people actually care :o
Happy Easter :)
Ishikawa drives in a run #Dodgers 4 #Brewers 3.
A little birdie (and/or tracking device) told me that your samples arrived. Can't wait to hear what you think!
On blogger call addressing scourge of anti-LGBT bullying
#OomfNeedsTo hurry up and put my damn grade in 0.o
Assuming he doesn't have to sit out a year, Alex Oriakhi could be a nice pickup for UK's 2012 roster.
A woman�s heart beats faster than the man
i've been diffing my commits for years, I hate to see accidental extra crap get committed. it's sloppy.
lol I know my app is nuts!!
Why is "Eddie Winslow" trending...& who the hell is Zach Randolph?
it's gonna be awesome!
damn sorry to hear thst
100 Digital Shorts! That was awesome!!!
Chinese food 😍
all i want for Christmas is you <3
"life ain't no dress rehearsal - move your ass!" - Shannon Dey Get up, stop planning and just do it. LET'S GO
8am meeting. Evening author event. Oy it's going to be a long day.
Pearl Interactive Network hires veterans, military spouses, the disabled, and those from economically challenged areas with at-home jobs
You guys don't count.
Cops don't take *anybody* into the station in cuffs unless they are under arrest.
You're like a walking, talking Google.
Everyone follow because they are fucking amazing and just release a new acoustic song to jam to<3
Wow...very cool
Great meeting with Always enjoy meeting good people through cc/
I'm a carb-addict. But I love to bake. However, any sentiment of taking the results in to work are vetoed by Husbob.
We'll be live tweeting from the race tonight! Be sure to tune in and if you haven't registered, there's still space! Come on out!
exactly. What is normal nowadadys?
Justin Hawkins Outfit #2: Black-and-grey striped Lycra catsuit with a plunging neckline.
Orange,Apple,slice4" piece raw ginger,1Qt pot,Cut up fruit keep skin &put in pot then put water in. 2Boil =Low flame 1 1/hr 100% works
DOUBLE POINT MONDAYS!!!!!!!!!! Git on down here now!! GIDDY UP!
um Mary I am following I lln
rough quote: "I'm humanist enough to believe that having a conversation is in itself productive." -
this Michigan vs Georgia game been straight
hi nana ! howz your week overflowing with crochet & macrame?
think of it as double the fun. Milwaukee beer week was rough on my liver.
28 more mins of school...then babysitting at 5... :/ hit me up......! Pweaseeee
"It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men."- Frederick Douglas
"Do you know what this is!?" "Um. A screensaver of flying toast and toasters?" "ITS THE FIRST EVER SCREEN SAVER" -
twiddling my thumbs in Wheaton...I'm jumpin in the car I'll be in sandwich in no time
Dam my body is hurting so much lol but it is ku I ain't never been no bitch my mom said lol:-)
Why have I never heard the song "Take My Hand" by The Cab feat. before now?
FINE I'LL GO GET SOME WORK DONE
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Got my sock tan on!
Tonight was your 1st game ever?
also: CEY Brown is not a pantone color, which makes reproductions of the shade in print materials challenging.
mom: good morning sunshine! me: girl shut up.
Everytime I see an Ethiopian cafe I go "a that's why they're starving all their food is over here"
Wat hood b
These late nights may kill me, but totally worth it :)
Sun is shining puts smile on my face.Even if it's cold (and this winter cold isn't even cold!), the sun helps w/a good attitude! Shine on!
Now I definitely can't breathe out of my nose. Someone help me, everyone else is sound asleep. I took a nap earlier but I'm still tired. :/
should just not text this guy back...
The birth control protester was asked to leave. The costume was ruled to be a "display."
I tweet so hard mofos wanna fine me
Just ordered 's basic dozen for my BFF! Shoot, now I want some...
I hate when you cant tell if someone is being serious over messaging and stuff . -____-
Our new run starts Saturday night 9:30 !!! free glass of wine or beer with your ticket during Feb! See you there you drunk!
did you ever write a response to fischer's wcp piece? did i miss it?
5 RT : every Friday? Those specials start at what time?
When a man wants to do right, there is not a lot of choices. There is not many directions to take. The right thing is not multiple choice
The Brewer&#39;s Plate Wins Philadelphia Loyalty
spinning tonight! #ManhattanMondays at Its a White Party, so come suited in White #GetOnOurLevel !!!
and I'm at your favourite spot eating lunch, David's Cafe.
my followers probably hate me but oh well anything for my girls. Pick me please
Look for Layoff-to-Employment Action Planner samples at PA Partners Conference May 16-18
Coffee time!!!!
sucks mine is exciting
Beat you by 15 seconds on that one, George. Great minds :)
A couple people have reported this. Looking into it today.
thanks, glad you can dig it!
new Gmail makes my brain hurt. accidentally deleted a message and can't figure out how to move it from trash back to inbox.
13% of Women Watch Porn at Work
Oh snap! brought out Mr. FancyPants.
Thanks for the shoutout! We're excited for the workshop!
Full Tilt Boogie.
Iggy finally becomes up clutch with free throws. Iggy dedicates series win to the fans!!!
#TGIF! Don't forget tomorrows #pubcrawl in #Hollywood! Prizes... $1 drinks... come check it out!
2 11-game win streaks this season is still better than any other team in the nba
Lol Dr. Logan is the cutest nerd EVER with 's glassess..
Ganna Give My Mom The Song #TurnToYou On Mother's Day!!!!(: She's Ganna Love It(': Your So Amazing❤ I Love You❤
cans?? And that's the shirt I gave you ah!!!!!
work tomorrow :(
#Hoosiers are 10-0! Holy f-balls! Going to be a great season!
Im hit you later ms. got go to this meeting. PEACE
I know them clippers tickets selling out this year
Spring is broke.
Im sure most are Texans.
“: F u Facebook.” facebook said what time" lol get it xD
I heart bloggers! So, passionate, funny and I couldn't do my job w/out them. But also concerned about "ARC-as- trophy"
No, I don't normally videomotorcades b/c I see the prez at least once a wk it seems... on the off chance he STOPPED- I like to be prepared
News in brief round-up A round-up of this week’s news in brief
All freshman…trying to save characters. Freshman are called frosh in some parts…perhaps only mine.
YEAR 3012: If it wasn't for QWERTY, we'd all have 8 fingers.
We were born to make mistakes
love you tree songs. Hope you're live as fuck right now!!!
Wish my horse could feed herself when it's pouring rain!!
RT Damn that Fela Soul album is smooth. De La Soul acapellas with Fela Kuti samples. Afropoppin' all the way to Cost...
Reading a book
Don’t let your dreams just be DREAMS! I am on my way to reality
oh ok
This makes me so angry RT : PA guy announces Noah is a no go-crowd cheers.
Can u c me lol
up for a drink tonight?
Gettin ready for our show at 1am for the university of iowas dance marathon!! Watch live at 1am cst at dancemarathon.org
#lmao said he a bitch with a car bomb..wow
The Lord God formed the man from the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and the man became a living being
#bitcheswhowontdateme almost all lesbians except the 1 that married me.
only with party support, it's times for Dems to take control, there is no reasoning with unreasonable people, aka Tea Party
What's going down people? Me (jake) Joey and danny are wondering: Do girl monkeys have boobs? Let us know.
we might have to fight for that one :)
Bounty shootout today at bike
Doggy want thaaaaa kitty
I nearly Commit suicide never doing That Again... Nearly Killed My Self LOOOL -_- <3
I feel like ive web so god damn busy lately
which direction to take this account...personal or professional? or delete altogether?
it's so sad, I feel like I should just be a freshman. 😥
no way. But I'll let you keep talking
Finally! The weekend! 🐵
I've been in the pool all day!
Yes it finally worked tonight! :)
I am!
I ate the whole nutella tub. That's diet approved right ?
Had a fabulous meeting with Karen Sanderson today! Great things happening in the horizon...
Creative consultation this morning and then a art meeting later today - lots to do today for #JBCreative projects -#casting #actors soon. :)
You think you are smart? You might have been humbled tonight at Geek Pub Quiz. Thanks to all of you for coming out tonight.
Obama: Yet here, in the pre-dawn darkness of Afghanistan, we can see the light of a new day on the horizon.
hey David....it has been too long. Hope you are having fun trick or tweeting!
DONE, yo! Tell us more about that mix? Is this w/our Sweet Tea Vodka or the plain?
What are you doing at the HD museum?
With good people I love my life
who wants to come over tomorrow?
RT : Being inner directed (focused) will not necessarily make you popular. But it will make you successful. -- Unknown author
The Heat without Bosh are still the Heat. Shows his worth, doesnt it?
I see you are taking Craft Brew week very seriously.
so are you disappointed?
RT : In House Ed Committe hearing room, there are six portraits of past chairs. All six are white males.
RT : Lesson learned from #confab12 most CMSs treated like a garbage disposal. Bad content repackaged is still bad content.
A dude or the weather?
I'm going 3D mainly because he shot it with that in mind. I hate post converts. Excited ain't the word for it.....
Greedy people smh...
I Guess She Is Not Going To Tell Me, I'm Just Trying To Be There For You Babe' .
lmao I'm about to make me a bacon egg & cheese. Fuck sleep.
MDR I am literally loling so hard right now....
I don't know what i'd do without my phone
Thanks Danger Venture!! “: forgot to tell you I listened to Saturday's show the other day, great playlist.”
It was great representing Bmore/MD & seeing the leaders of today & tomorrow at last nights inaugural #APAball in DC!
YES!!! "Private investor promises $290 million for Seattle sports arena. Will you support a NBA and NHL team? "
you know you're welcome anytime for some
Jus' Country, Pa's Country, Giddy Up are trade mark names of Trac Radio LLC.
While I love using if my love ever goes away, I have no easy way to move my data out. Yes, I am a premium customer.
What zzup !! (: I miss you guys are the best so ,I say very much so hahaha is perfect!! Good lucking !!good day:)
Perfect Monday to sit in the front window at Monk's.
May I ask what the class is about?
loved seeing for Friday taping of new talk show, then AC on 7 pm and 10 pm. Amazing studio, great crew and AC rocks the...
Wish I could be running in the OJ Brigance Fiesta 5k today. Got work instead...good luck to everyone participating!
Your beautiful with clothes ON to ladies (:'
I have a ginormous LAPD chip on my shoulder
Happy Valentines Day Y'all!!
Hungry...got this craving
very nice!
back at the hotel. Drinks took a while to hit. Thanks for hanging with us! Tomorrow night?
iLove my #Parents even if they talk to much!
Watchin poetic justice with Courtney lol he silly
1 John 1:9: If we confess our sins,he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins,and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Jewelery is a woman's best friend. Boxer Shorts are a man's best undergarment.
Haha sorry u missed it.. Thanks for the nice vibes on the show! Much radio love to u for listening!
Who killed Rosie Larson?
Just completed roundtable discussion w/ CA State Controller John Chiang & & members re affordable housing tax credits
Juggling is easier when you can see the balls.
Driver was heading north on I39. Officials don't know how fast he was going and haven't been able to speak with him.
Lately... Blake Shelton may be one of my top 3 favorite artists!!
We could all just switch back to friendster.
tonight I drink to Jon Gosselin freedom!!!
Lets all have burritos and Coronas today in honor of Brocks beating last night! hahahahaha
It smells like shit on the bus, no, really like shit.
you can distract the other team with your nails now during gym!
I'm horny
Thanks for your accurate reports, it means a lot in our industry! We watch you everyday!
New Maggie Stiefvater Forever ARC is AWESOME!!
good job Belle
sorry heather my phone auto errored me...
ha are you going this Sunday ?
Merry Christmas!! Enjoy your families and give love! Jesus is the reason for the season!
Yeah that would never fly in Vegas hahaha. I still prefer my system to any other :)
Disadvantage 1 of having a #deskjob : my nose is SO cold right now and there's nothing I can do about it...
I thought Hunger Games was about fighting for food... It isn't...? Um.. this is awk...
I rather cry over blood and stitches than boys and bitches.
Do what you know is right & importance, it IS the #highroad to #pride, self-esteem, & personal satisfaction.
We don't want Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac lobbiests in our State. Throw Newt out of the state on his ass!
like the crappy coffee, insane pricing, cheesey psuedo-intellectual setting they try to project...plenty of reasons to hate em.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
How dare you RT : too short - Shake that monkey feat Mary Mary and Yolanda Adams
Thurs. cask is 2011 Decadence. Maple Smoked Barleywine. Won't want to miss this one! $2 until 5:30, +$1 each hour.
Dining Deal: Tsing Tao, Coral Springs
Perhaps I can be of service?
dang i wish i had a good ankle...not playing soccer SUCKS!
Congrats to Men's and Women's Lax with solid wins today.
we should have weekly IPA night. I'm settling for what was in my fridge, Firestone Double Barrel Ale. Still good.
Noooowwww you want to move to Seattle! /grumble
Bitches couldnt touch me wiff a Facebook poke.
That stomach turning moment , when you'r crush looks at you <33
Thats how love should be, you should love the person that makes you glad that you're alive
I finally was able to download today's show :)
What's up couples and the WEIRD as nicknames. I be like aw that's cute but where the hell did it come from
my bad lol
Don't you dare! Stay forever young. Smart? Yes. Aware? Sure! But silly as the dickens.
Respond to 'customers.' This is the single biggest advantage you have over the big guys. -Seth Godin
is getting it in with my dog time to get money!!!
"U can lead a horse to water but ya cnt make em think ya digs wat I'm sayin I gotta keep it nice n greasy round this peace!" Money mike haha
At ACT: One Slight Hitch (madcap wedding), concert and Azeotrope's Jesus Hopped the A Train. ALL end of June!
Larry Fitz and Patrick Peterson taking ground balls at Chase Field. Great athletes, but can't pick it.
where ya working now lady?!
got it. Thanks for keeping me up to date.
Do you have a fun quirk? Share it with us and enter for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card! Tweet and include #ABQuirky !
Thank you! We appreciate that. Please tell some friends.
You're fine renting. How did you know you would need 3 tuxes in 6 mos? Besides you're "saving a bundle".
Quote Zooey Deschanel and you're dead to me. You know who you are.
En route to Nairobi, Kenya to serve as an emergency communications officer for #WorldVision during famine/drought response in
Being an artist and trying to keep up with all the artist is not a easy feat.
I love how much one direction loves their fans.
Asked to coach an actor for an upcoming audition. Reading the script tomorrow.
one of the worst offensive halves of basketball I have seen.
thank you! It was a little impulsive, but long overdue.
Hand raised! (And the hands of my little people too.) :0)
I'm excited to attend the HBA today at the jacob javitz center!
putting a toy drive together is not easy but i love the fact that i am going to be apart of make a child smile even if its just for one day
same, text me sometime
Technology integration into the curriculum depends on teachers have time and feeling comfortable.
I worry too about pressure she puts on herself, but I guess maybe that will be part of her growing up. Meantime, music = fun.
saw the avengers in 3D today its was awesome(: <3
SOME users do! :) " Resistance is futile: users will NEVER read anything, even if you force them."
omg I love you,
Yay! My new furniture is on it's way!!
Hey all, if you can make it, is starting their cross country push in Wilmington NC on Monday the 14th at 10am. Harbor Inn
I was once almost kidnapped in Kosovo. I am always more scared to teach middle schoolers than that.
Thanks for the follow Stu-Awesome-Nami ;-)
Back in Tennessee. What a great state. Go vols!
Why am I giving in now?
#FF MORE of our new followers
Love it! Thx so much for sharing. Hope all is well where you are. Sadly, I missed my spring DC trip this year :(
Had a great meeting with a potential client. They have a great product launching soon!
u ever gonna come clean on Roger Clemens steroid/HGH use??
stupid. Waste of time
I love creating fancy dishes from a can of soup.Check out my fb page later today to see how I've used condensed soups to create pasta dishes
Our drummer is sick and in the hospital. Light a candle, send good vibes, and happy thoughts to Chris Newman!
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something. ~ Thomas Edison
I'm waiting for my copy of "Effective Perl Programming" from Amazon. Glad to hear you think it's great.
you should be rebranded as the "Good Idea Factory"
90's Babies are better ^_^
Very cool! Thanks! :)
cool. it's supposed to rain this weekend throughout so I don't think I'll get in any riding. are you feeling any better?
We heard a rumor that it's DOA from a reliable source.
Univ of Chicago discovered that rats will work to help other rats who are in trouble. How does this attitude separate them from Republicans?
Woohoo! Thanks for celebrating with us!
it's so good!
chris brown deserves nothing ...
Love, Peace, and Soul Don Cornelius....RIP.
Chicago was amazing ((:
re For Halloween I'm wrapping myself in aluminum foil and going as a giant balloon with no kid inside.
Thinking about Enterprise Social Networks. Any users out there using #Yammer? Would love to chat.
Yours, mine or others?
92 degrees today and all kinds of cookery needs to happen...a/c don't fail me now!
I don't pray for success, I ask for faithfulness. -Mother Teresa
Lolz austin also THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME (; LOVE YA
Looking to follow art #activism tweeters.
Stoked to try Takeover #ClevelandPark tonight. Any recs from people who went last night?
Tell the people you love that you love them, at every opportunity.
Cherish the people around you!!
Your last tweet to me is still making me laugh #godiloveyou too :)
Lunch was great...thanks!! Fancy's twitter page is Lots of good dog info.
Like why they get to have this intimate relationship him and your child for almost 21 years barely even know you or see you even on holidays
Drunken black people, Happy Mothers Day!
Good tunes guys!
yep, but it was nice while it lasted! RT "Summer Weather-Sampler" brought to you by Mother Nature was delightful....
Dancing guy used to do the same thing in my bar (Southside pub) You should see him dance while singing!EMT's on speed dial!!
Its 80,paige's sister insists on wearing cargo pants over swimsuit. Paige, however insists on wearing dental floss.
don't worry. you still look hot!
congratulations! We are following you closely and are so proud of you all!
#respect man
Nice rainy day. It was good sleeping weather until the down pour.
RT : Stormy days are perfect for listening to AngelSpit. //fact!
What's worse than depressing tweets are cliche ones. Come on people, stop it!
Celebrate that we seein' another day, life good.
This woman is a designer and keeps complaining about "Charm" in a house. Can't she make the house what she want it to be?
Passing Notes In 8th Period With Eniko :)
your welcome :)
EVERYONE! Please come out to Waid's Restaurant on 12th tonight for the RENT PARTY to save High and Low Studio. 8pm to 2am.
have fun! send us some pretty wx pictures!
#HEATgame Notes: Chris Bosh not only catches balls to the face on court......well, you get where this is going.
I want food..
Someone should take me to orange leaf! I still haven't been
I agree! Styles and trends are constantly changing!
Tonight: c me sing 10PM-1:30AM Al Teatro www.alteatro.us Luminary Larry Gray on bass w/us! Free parking Pro-Jam starts
Stoudamire was gone shatter his other hand if WADE would've hit that shot
Left This World A Little Better, Just Because I WAS HERE
Sure, no prob. I'll text you later. I'll see what Meg and Lance are doing too.
"Our kids only get one shot at a decent education. They cannot afford to wait any longer" -President Obama wh.gov/gAC
When I read news stories about publishing, I often want to correct the comments of non-publishing people...but it seems like too much work.
currently on my housework flow to be followed closely by my loc twisting flow.
See YaY later Citizens of Twitter Never Land: Remember everything happens for a reason, and leads to a new journey! YaY
goin to bed son, arnold schwarzenegger in da morninnn..hmm i think imma tell arnold that has abs like him! hahah (:
Working on replacement lists for children's collection
"Greatest story ever towed." Good one, ! I'll have to steal that one...
I've misse dyou Twitter. What have I missed?
Oh wow, I didn't know I could scrobble what I play on ! I think I might actually use this as my main music player from now on.
Be okay with getting your heartbroken, it will make you stronger.
Great St Pats day, good friends, good music and good laughs.Had Matt our waiter Blushing.....He is a good sport and earned his beads ; )
Estância Churrascaria Brazilian restaurant, best dining experience ever.
We ain't them
US Automotive improving? Dana purchases Crest 40x56 Bolster Die Cutter from My Press Needs, says industry improving
someone in this office is coughing like they might be on their death bed. this is unacceptable.
Long Day Ahead Me Still
we should have it posted by the end of the night buddy! I'm excited to read it!
I can either go to Southport or Plainfield next year.. :b what to do.
KBPI promotion until Oct. 31. Mention KBPI & receive 10% off all retail parts and acc. that are in stock. Does not apply to special orders.
Chaka khan just burped on "Piers Morgan tonight."
no problem, if you ever need one just ask girl :)
I couldn't be happier that people like rihanna skrillex and all the over booked artists for events the past years aren't playing this year
?? Does he have his pants on?
agreed. He just sort of struck at last years. This was done with a purpose.
tweet dreams..xoxo
ok im making my self die laughing
Unquestionable. Can't keep digging out of holes.
How'd they do that????
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 MY BESTEST FRIEND REBECCA WARREN! HOPE SHE HAS A BLESSED DAY.
its so clean and shiny. Where are the grease marks?
I just want your bad romance!
great energy. Idk let me think on that one
Saturday is the regular season finale against Baylor. Who else is making the trip to DKR North this weekend?
you think? I really don't think so
Well, other than aging me a day, who cares about time?
Graduating early: I dunno, I did it (but DC schools were/are really bad). Why rush growing up?
Woo! We're on the lookout for pics of #temporarytattoos ! RT : Yay! #happycoachella temporary tattoos are in hand
Pictures from last weeks #MMENights will be going up in about a hour.
Wedding tonight, let's get fist pumping!
Thank you for the RT about Online Proctoring!
Lmao Yeahh guess it is.. xP
Allergies have kicked my ass today. Seems like no type of meds work. Hopefully tomorrow will be better.
NYC in te morning. You can see me at 5 shots 10 dollars by 1pm.
I want to know what would be on a workout mix. Good beats, good music, no crap.
are you kidding me? Peter throw it out! Must be embarrassing to be seen with him
David Akers with a TD pass. Championship fantasy football implications.
Hey You! What are your plans today? ;)
Hey, you're my favorite band. And this is crazy. But here's my Twitter. So follow me maybe?
My butt is SORE! But man did I have FUN! Thanks again!
Hey my tweeters we never really know what the next person is going through so smile even if it's ur worst day smile.
I've been lol-ing reading the tweets. :-D
Why can't I breath out of my nose?
hurm i am an 8 1/2 it's so sad that i'm still thinking about them
“: How is everyone doing today?” great how are you sexy?
It's Beautiful Outside >>>
#ff because he is a new homeowner, fiancé, and all-around gent.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/23/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Darn maybe next week!
Im happy i got to see my baby bruva today!! 😁❤
LOL HELL NO. Being single has it's props. I'm saying that I'm good at hooking people up, but not myself ;P It's a curse tho.
sleep is for people without access to the internet
is a sexy pink haired female dog.c: does your hair taste good??
On day 5 of my cleanse and I feel like I'd shave my head if someone gave me a carrot to munch on.
you are really very prettu(:
My boss just asked me how to use social media as a company
Bye twitter :)
Congrats 2 Friendship Collegiate Girls BB Team - 1st Round Winners in the Wash. Charter School Ath. Assoc Tourn. - DC Youth Rock!
"I swear by my pretty floral bonnet that I will end you!"
I don't like Amy Chua.
A2: Company career pages should engage with candidates...but treat those tweets like your interviewing!
I've tried but I always get shutdown
Tchrs Failing is NOT challenge; New criteria 4 which they have little input- from ineffective administrators
Oh, how I loathe "improv" auditions.
See you tonight everyone. Let's start the week off right.
#51 "Hug your daughter. If you don't, somebody else will"
“: I really just want something real ..” Stop ✋
Powerful talk by "We are loving through the biggest culture shift in communication."
Time is short
hahaha they played that on my schools announcements today lmao
Rocky is getting the best of Apollo...What happened to Sugar Shane? Old man, old....smh
Look up the definition of "digression." U would see I admitted to going off topic and therefore, punctuated my statement.
A broken heart can stay broken when you hold onto the past. Let God heal you.
that dose look good
Also, I have to LOL at "oddly painful" - I think it'd be painful for any progressive American to say!
C'mon now Craig Sager
This lightning is INSANE. Omfg.
If you want to achieve a high goal, you're going to have to take some chances. -Alberto Salazar
RT : OCR not possible for historical literature.
thanks (: i used a glue gun! lol
ok, makes sense :) I do like to share credit wherever it's due! and I totally understand re: the work release.
Planning summer vacation with the family over crab legs and homemade pizza.
Thank you, and thanks for the retweet! The book is great. RT : Happy you're finding it useful!
Revo San Diego 2011 event in January!
when you have that much money, I doubt you care about free tickets lol
think i'm gonna chill home for a bit, go apply for jobs, and get starbucks and study at barnes and noble all day
youre a doll. Thanks so much for your purchase ❤
Day 1 of "replace diet pop w/ seltzer." Nobody has died...yet.
do you get residuals from Pandora?? I hope so cause you're my FAVORITE station!!!! B-Rocka ROCKS HARD E'RYDAY!!!
Unfortunately, there is no dental magic. It's like 16th century farming.
#ireallwant to flex flex flex *waka voice*
Yes sir. Thank your following the restaurants.
Was in NYC for a hot second and thought of you!
That's where I thought I might help!
Not in the mood to put up with school bull shit today. So don't fuck with me!
o what is that website called again? And do u still go on it?
Thanks to for coming out today for the #WalkaMileinHerShoes event!
right! I question her motives?!? Be yourself....
We love !
Glad to see our neighbors to the north also like Pike ()
what is your strategy for attracting, building, scaling, and empowerment of talent?
are you more put off by the attitude that sometimes comes with the title?
Goal for the summer: Take a random Wednesday off to catch a MiLB game
On a scale of Anne Frank to Osama Bin Ladin, how good was my hiding place?
Ikk like alot alot...im realllyy glad i always have you to talk to. (: & omg IKK!!!! maybe if you werent away every weekend(;
Happy that our poster got us invited to write an article.
Totally agree - Stunning! ": Laura Derm giving me Poison Ivy in that AMAZING emerald gown! Say yes to long sleeves! #GoldenGlobes"
RT : When the inside of the body, the outside of the body & the environment are in balance - your pets live in harmony &...
If youre looking for something to do, you could setup a Twitter Pic
New Country Star of 2010 > or Fave New Artist October Voting Now Through December 31st
Entering this contest to win tickets and I don't care what my mom says cause yolo
I feel like this all has just been a bigger deal because of the NC vote . Still have 6 months of fun topics to cover
what a precious baby <3
Also, columnist for #Nuggets- #Lakers Game 7. Sharp analysis so far.
I know you do
what happened?
I ate saltine crackers today...with a side of Sprite.
be patient young one!
'That's enough about history. It's always time to think about the future. Specifically yours, Timmy.'
Third row at Godspell with Cath! God is great!!!! :)
Sunshine again!! I must go off my art making schedule and work in the garden!
I miss my cousins :/ they all crazy.....& ppl talk bout me?!??!? Lol nigga plzz!!!!
Heading to Downtown! Love Saturday Nights !
Lmao ay like I said lover ;p night foo
“: So when does George start his Women for Zimmerman group? after his (white)hoodie online fundraiser hosted by Derbyshire, duh!
If Your Job Is Drudgery Why Do You Keep Going? What's Your Progression Plan To Purpose? Destiny Is Aching To See Your Face And Embrace You!
iloveyousomuchbabylove please call mme I miss you so much :(
Do you have someone in your life that you could do without? and if so why are they still there?
Fantastic win by the #Nuggets tonight. Great way to end regular season at home!!
One cat to the right of me purring, the other to the left of me snoring.
is there really a new edition concert? If so, yes! Yes we r there!
EVERYONE IF YOUR TIRED OF MANUALLY CHECKING YOUR #UNFOLLOWERS OR THE PEOPLE WHO DONT WANNA #FOLLOWBACK GO
Throw the powder
Lisa Mallory, DC DOES conf workshop: DC plans 14K youth summer jobs - privately + DC-funded. Active in +
Avoid the NATO chaos and head to higher ground. We're here all weekend serving up delicious meals!
oh okay who has it
Big news on the way from at #TEDMED - get ready
Just picked up my cap & gown! will see you there ; )
hope you guys make it.....
Just wanted to type this cause I can't spell it..
It's so funny to watch you make mistakes when I'm not with you.
revenge is awesome!>:D
let me know what you think. are re translation — not sure, but I hope so! i can check if you're interested?
Mentor Spotlight: Rand Fishkin and Undoing Geographic Bias
i love the rain... Your lucky
Pompeii is an amazing place to explore
Chicken wings and sweet tea! So yum!
I can walk over tou your house in fifteen minutes
Reading thru 2 Corinthians...what a breathe of air!
And I've met him twice 1st time was February 26, 2012 and the 2nd time was April 13, 2012 :D Have you met Hunter??? :))
for sure
Sigh, another helping of bad news for me... As always.
When boys are bigger bitches than you<<
Breakfast Burrito - turkey chorizo / pickled fresno / jicama / house potatoes
: You’re welcome! Have a great weekend!
4/27 6:30 pm come to for screening/discussion/reception for "Pray the Devil Back to Hell" re: Liberian women who demanded peace
