CONGRATS FOR YOU TWO!!
Awww wtfuuuuuck! Your getting raped on this, keep searching! :c
Commissioner Larry Scott: Expectations are exceedingly high for
The joys of motherhood at 345a my 3 year old was sleep walkin woke me up askin me to get the fungus off her hands! What? Gonna b a long day!
Bulls lost...
Perfume doesn't taste good at all!
or, or, or. he could be announcing that he's coming to the uk to find my sexy self so we can get married and live happily ever after(;
Facebook is One of the greatest social inventions of the 21st Century!!!
Reading Shakespear's Hamlet. He is one messed up guy
if you had the chance to be a superhero, what would your name and super power be? :)
have fun!
Video - 50 Cent Registers As Bone Marrow Donor To Help 11-Year-Old 'Lion King' Star
Ruben and I are going to see dark shadows tonight IF YOU DON'T WORK COME ! 👍
hey how do u change ur background on here?
The next one is Sat. 3/31. Waiting on one last piece of the lineup before we announce. It's gonna be a good one though.
We're negotiating and hope to air the games. No timeline yet-sorry for miscommunication. Will keep you posted.
#tinydancer ! Best song ever!!
HA! She's a bit more crazy/angry. Maybe "Not gonna let u rain on my parade. Got a pistol in my pocket, u should be afra-iidd."
Please send an adorable blonde my way and we'll find out.
Somewhere Lee Corso is putting on a Rebel head and saying "NOT so fast!"
Life just isn't the same with out that special some1 especially when u know they wana be with you but shit is in the way of everything
Just got done with my workouts , practice means perfect.
wonder how much different everyone feels about drinkin today
Sometimes I wish I could just say everything on my mind and not worry about the outcome.
don't forget...it's also World Kidney Day!
Rumor is that Reid and Boehner have a deal and defunding planned parenthood off the table. Anyone have the source?
thank you :)
Day 75 of 100: I am thankful for my flat tire today - it got me to see that I can do much more than I think I can :)
amare gotta go. He has no idea where to go on defense and constantly loses everybody on the pick and roll.
Watched your youtube video.. lol. Very funny!
RT Thanks to for the great presentation. Mind sufficiently blown #ScaleConf thanks!
San Francisco, so much culture, great food, and not far from wine country :)
lol..gotta flash light?
Finally arrived! Green line bus 19 has a really nice driver this morning. Thanks!
ok I'll try for an hour I'm still in bed (:
should deff check out cover of PAYPHONE
i got nothin...
. #TEDMED: Docs should prescribe to address health (ex. food, heating assistance) instead of just diagnosing disease.
yeah suddenly this class is extremely fun now :3
Knocked it outta of the park, girl!
definitley! i might cry, so wear somethin' waterproof. ♥
THAT'S THE WAY YOU PLAY FOR YOUR CAPTAIN
cousins!! Hands down Bynum has all the makings of bad knees.
with this weather???? Ta bien Ta bien, I'll be waiting for your 
Lost my mind somewhere... dropped emotions and feelings along with it. But how do I still cry?
Be back about to make a client beautiful for the club tonight ( Couture lashes & makeup)
seeing Harry's acne makes me feel good about myself lol idek.
Thanks to The Surf Rats, I am now on a psychobilly kick.
College football!!!
Didn't want you slowing down YouPorn for the rest of us again. RT : Are you shitting me?! Lent is over? Why did nobody tell me?
don't forget the day after #StarWarsDay is #RevengeOfTheFifth!
Want or need? #BurritoNecessity RT : btw: I want a burrito.
Really REALLY interesting what they just did right there with Phil and his friend on
aw that song by 50
Please ignore this tweet. Im standing here im public like a loser trying to pretend im texting.
ohmygod don't say your talking about suicide!
ORANGE LEAF IS THE BEST
who has a run and walk event coming up? and need custom shirts?
Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my Poker Face.
Congrats! I shall be there! Start training soon Visit for all running needs!
rightfully so... happy finance quiz day!
Hello fellow twitters.... My Birthday is in 10 days im so excited.... Doing it real big in the D baby
you should teach #jidf and their gang of zombies how to do something right. They seem to be advocating in a hail digital smoke.
I wish more people can #RESPECT Austin Carter Mahone
I don't wanna do this anymore, I don't wanna be the reason why every time I walk out the door, I see him die a little more inside.
we love Conan!
Its becuz I'm me duh
Playing drums and singing w/ clareandreasons tonight @ Joe's Pub :)))
More headshots than Call of Duty
oh wow. Super early drive. Yes, we found a place. We are at the Rio.
Hows the summer going Tweeps? How 'bout a summer equipment review? Any great new pieces out there that chefs are touting?
unloads full clip in the air*
Hopefully not the start of a trend.
Just tapped, Brewing Hoptimum Whole Cone Imperial IPA (replaces Brewing Solice Ale)
I hate when customers call me after "work" hours. Do I call you when your not @ your Bar and I need to order a Beer?
I have an amazingly wonderful fiance! Came over to her house tonight and she had a great dinner waiting for me!!
omg u guys r hanging out without me
thanks for the follow, m'dears :-)
#MakesMeSMH when people won't pay for a #personaltrainer to save $$$ but end up spending all that $$$ on medical complications later in life
{Wake me up if there is a singer and a song to be heard. Enjoyed #xfactor Stacy-Francis}
I'm really enjoying THOMAS BECKET - very readable history of the life story
Hey Red Wire Fans! Sorry it has been so long since our last update. We've been renovating and livening up our whole act! We have now...
These players can only take so much...I think a lot of the T's that are called can be blamed on the referees!
Watching spongebob before church
Thinking about a nap
By the way Apple documentation and sample projects are really clear and complete.
I can't message you because you aren't following me, but please use this email: thanks!
Fact1: I had the worst 18th bday ever. Nd now my outlook on fam is different.
We listening too that "lockout" got this on replay! Wavy ass mixtape right there.
LOL! the weather report for tonight is COLD COLD COLD!!! LOL
And a Happy Festivus to you! What is your feat of strength? :)
this is too much work to tweet. I will email u and u can post it if u like
We're getting such a great response from our new initiative #attackwatch. I urge all of you great Progressives to keep up the good work!!!!!
Awww! Your amazing ;) XO
If only her mom knew what she did..
How can you just kill the father or mother of your kids?? Folks are crazy
they clearly don't care about the real students here. #TRU!!
I really really like you cause you really really like
Nice!!! They did their thing tonight. I'm proud of those guys.
Great, Courtney!
Craziest part is always creating the Media Kit and Sponsorship packages...so ready to get back to uploading videos and getting more content!
im sleeping in the living room -.-
Im pretty sure last night was the best ever..
Oh man, ezell's on lake city.
hush it kobe lover
What kind of chopper is it, Hawk?! // RT : Chopper [pregnant pause] Three-hopper.
Looking for the pack
we were thinking of trying to add maybe some dancing, too, but... maybe too ambitious.
So Kim Jong Il is dead. What does that mean for Kim Kardashian?
Like with anything we all do-we get better with time, The Secret War book was my first book-and now I write (I think anyway :) tons better!
Awkward moment when a teacher flips out on you for something somebody else did
If I get one more WONDERING WHO THIS IS BOX? I'm going to scream. We get it; you can stop now!
Ain't she tho? She was in my RA class at DU last time. I'm excited to teach it again this summer. I'd totally take your class!!
what's good with u girl!
thanks. Yours is to!
Design Beyond Objects: A Guide to Making Stuff, Without Focusing on the Stuff
give me some crazies to follow. or entertain me more.
Lol! now I'm hungry.. Follow Wendy Day on Twitter ... She really knows the music business and shares it!
I feel I needa spend all summer reading these books so I geta feel for what im in for
"The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful; one must sense him everywhere but never see him."
Nope not yet. Thanks for your opinion. :) I grew up watching Muppet Babies and Muppets in Space and Muppets Take Manhattan. :)
long island yo
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best.!
There is currently a homeless man reciting the bible and having sex with a tree on Market Street
I wonder what curse words were 2000 years ago..
breaking ms. bradley's antique lamp freshman year.. HAHAHAHAH! hilarious.
You never need to pretend. Open invitation stands, always :)
Bananas and Strawberrys for breakfast then working my butt off.
Thanks for all of the excitement at the Princeton activities fair!
Working on JenoLo Clothing Blog...looking at different themes to publish...decisions decisions
hahah, all the laziness in the world! Although not quite sure how/why someone would go about eating a tv. Staticy, I assume.
Wish I was at weenie roast! But dinner at Madeo tonight should be fun
RT : Newt is set to pull a Romney by endorsing Romney.
But can it run CS4 Master Collection? If not, it's an iPhone. We already have those. And this won't fit in my pocket. :(
Beautiful weather in Chi, what a great night to stop by ;
What are you kid-friendly plans while in Pittsburgh?
I wana swim!!
josh wsup my brotha...yeah buddy it was good seeing you at the concert! It was good seeing everybody...hope all is well with u G!
Is it good if a vacuum really sucks
"Your mother rated E for EVERYONE" LMFAO saw that on a locker today...hahahahahahaha
goinb school jus to get kicked out
I have that voice too... it also frets over my lack of a 401k and notices when I gain a few pounds.
Candy flower arrangements are great for any occasion. Give me a call at 608-838-8749
keep your head up man! You all made a lot of people proud!
I LOVE when plays beats in the morning on !!!
: isn't that from a Seinfeld episode?!
Sometimes in this life there is no fairness, there is only the reality that life makes no sense at all.We are all at its mercy everyday.
Hahaha yes! It's always the day before that drags on.
How is it I don't have Russ's new book?
Who all is taking #summer classes at
On-Target! Marketing &amp; Advertising Helps Small Businesses Increase SEO Ranking by Adding VOD, Meaningful Content &amp; Blogs
Garage doors are up tonight! Come in and enjoy some onion rings and our new Hemingway Daiquiri!
haha! a bird landed on my pillow!!
that is too funny lookn good i love da pix
Follow to win- One follower wins a $25 visa gift card. #freebie #contest #starbucks #win We are #WebDesign, #Development, and
Finally watched McGraw #WDYTYA. I thougth it was a great show, interesting facts the show brought out on historical events.
JFC how does that not bounce over?
#Phish tix posted on my CC. But the price indicates I didn't get the shell for all 3 shows at SPAC. Still 6 shows this summer! Can't Wait!
but its the weekend. have a blast. then get home early and make work.
Blake Griffin because I don't believe what I see on tv.
I NEED TO SEE SO BADLY we need a date mi amigaa <3 text me gurll
Santorum just conflated "Latino voters" with "illegal voters"
Everyone threw a fit bc my dad got the smallest piece of cake and it had the baby.
Some new content will be added on my site soon.
Hey daughter. :))
Have a friend of my little bro who's in the #halftimeshow dressed as a roman gladiator I hear hopefully he exposes #Madonna lip-synching
can you tell me why you're so adorable?(:
I'm guna attempt to go to sleep 💤💤💤
i wont give up on u even if the sky gets rough im giving u all my love and im still lookin up<3
I can't believe she picked Stefan wish would have done something different. Disappointed
Nice, thanks for the link. Totally onboard with his logic.
The bases for historical knowledge are not empirical facts but written texts, even if these texts masquerade in the guise of wars or rev ...
#worstfeeling WHEN UR FOOD STAMPS GET CUT OFF LOL
hey I havent talke to you in so Long we should talk more
Thank jesus for doctor notes
RT : APD tells news crews to pull back from double homicide scene because of upset neighbors; I'll be in studio with updates at 10
I WANNA HUG YOU! :( idk why, but i just do :c hope you are good :) and healthy and happy <3 miss you bby :3 have fun ALWAYS SMILE
Can somebody pray for She need it bad
lets go #NyK!
Idk y but every time I see the Metta world peace elbow I can't stop laughing
Its funny how I dress very extravagant, not afraid to bare, or express my self with fashion yet my partner dresses simple tshirt jeans creps
Lord of the Ringtones
Tri City went bad after new owners took over & raised prices, lowered quality.
Ohio Senate approves fracking rules: Supporters said the bill balances environment, public health and safety, and commerce by expandi...
I hada really good birthday! Thank you :)
sighting at Savage's!
U should totally go as yourself - party city has the stuff... Would be too funny! Then post it! ;-)
Today is a great day to cuddle up with a good book! What are you reading?
why don't you just get a job where you are paid to sleep?!?
I agree. MT : We have to move off dependence on foreign oil. The long-term solution lies in investing in alternative energy
Kobe just flew with one ankle, amazing!
hey case sister I'm now following
#PeopleNeedToStop and realize what they have before it's gone.
does he do windows?
Fuck LHS. Fuck the people here. Fuck everyone. Done. I'm about to switch to ECC.
Goals should be SMART: S = Specific M = Measurable A = Assignable (who does what) R = Realistic T = Time-Related
Just ran in circles up/down/around the library, trying to locate a USB cable for external hd. Did not find...
If you work directly with me for the next 3-6 months, Your boss will ask you FOR MONEY!!
If you ask me to hold your drink, I will drink it.
National Walking Day is Wednesday! Join & at 5th & University at noon for the Downtown Seattle walking route.
To audition, or to not audition. That is the question.
hahahahaha love it! Hello Kitty freak :)
Are the Os determined to acquire every Double-A prospect in baseball by signing Miguel Tejada every season to a 1yr contract then trade him?
my mom us always like 'OMG THEY DID TOO MUCH FLOORWORK' and I'm like YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING SHUTUP.
Oh hey, a hockey double header!!
heck yea - doin it right guys!!
You've gotta go check out The 1011 tonight. We The Granada, Pygmaeus, Ants In A Tree's last show and band from Cali. Starskate
Bitch talking to the queen when she looking like a lab rat.
RT #browns Weeden: "I've always been kind of a natural thrower. It's in my blood." -> , know what this makes him?
Thanks for all the wonderful Birthday Wishes!!!! Love you all!!!
I love you dearly, but Annie wants to do it tomorrow at 8 our time and skype for at least 2 hours!
Yep had to get my hair chopped off today .. But trying to embrace it.. Love the color & the cut .. Just gotta get used to it 8-)
Why do i have to be the one to flush all the toilets in this family?
So proud of boys basketball team at tech. Their fundraiser was great!
Could you move weather alert up or over - we can't see bball score!
Anybody who is one with what he or she does is building the new earth.~Eckhart Tolle
Have an #angrybirds band-aid on my forehead.
I love this time of year. I just took a long walk outside with my daughter. It's a beautiful night in Western NY!
If u have a dream don't be cheap about it because shit don't come for free in the life every one want money! #aboutmakingmusic&money
Dora:where are we going?WISHING WELL! where are we going?WISHING WELL! where are we going? Me: we're are going to the f****** wishing well.
What percentage of men would date a Cool, cute faced girl with an average to good body if her head was buzzed like NP in V for Vendetta?
thank you for the #SHOUTOUT :)
I need some love this morning ❤
Everybody is an environmentalist, some are just more aware than others.
we can never satisfy everyone, don't let it get you down. baby yourself tonight and be extra happy tommrow at work, and see
The tighter the hug, the better it feels:)
Go Suunto! “: thanks for the rapid turnaround on my request. Didn't expect it this fast nor did I expect a new t6d!”
Miranda Lambert is one of my favorite female country artists.
Cool - well I look fwd to reading your stuff!
Flee from fake fucks
Seriously I'm losing you to this.
I miss you lacy!!! I thought about calling you yesterday to hang but I figured you were busy... :/
Louis Amundson Skills Academy! June 18-21 at Horizon HS in Thornton, CO. Basketball instruction at its best! Registration details to follow!
you're now ready for the Jeopardy category "NBA GMs"!
almost a year! Y'all aren't cruising, right?
What if you hashtagged the word "hashtag"? Would Twitter explode?
Nice RT : Trail Blazers: LaMarcus Aldridge to undergo surgery on right hip, will miss remainder of season
connefetion ???? should i do them ???
Congrats lebron you dominated the pacers...
I miss New York
indeed it's a crucial game! I wish I could go, I would be the happiest girl! :D
Thanks , those are some wonderful tips! These are especially helpful when working with Pre-K and Kindergarteners!
“A man who treats his girlfriend like a princess proves that he was raised in the arms of a queen" 👸💋
Thanks for the retweet…it is truly appreciated!
gonna go rant to a piece of paper bye
dude i have no idea what's up with it...are u trying to get on from an app or from online?
The NEW month BEGINS the MOMENT the old MONTH ENDS!! Here is to a MONSTER MAY!!
Listening to Ricky Nelson and Beatles while getting ready for sushi night with the biffles! Biffles meaning guy bff :D
sure bro pero can you take me to wal-mart? i have to pay my phone bill .. :T
I know, it really is...certainly all banks will be making the same offer soon!
Woke up in a good mood today. WTF is wrong with me?!?
#iloveagirl with the same qualities as (close to impossible)
#follow Thanks for the kind mention! Cheers.
Nothing says summer like the ice cream truck & our son's first ever drumstick!
just talked to a friend that i havent talk to in a while (: it was great talking to him
Great practice today in the rain!! See you on Tuesday...bring your battle gear!!
absolutely! add great weather and it's shaping up to be a pretty sweet weekend.
Address ALL complaints to All compliments please send to
Ran out of shampoo & had to use my brothers'. Now I smell like a dude, but at least I smell good.
LOL, you are a Goledn Girl !!!! Dorothy :)
once again was damned hilarious. great show.
that looks all dried out food
In some cruel twist of fate, while I was stuck on US time my entire stay in Paris, I am stuck on Paris time now that I'm home.
The downside to drug abuse comes down to education. Right now, the dealers are getting all the free & paid adverts! Where r u Mr President?
JUST GOT BACK FROM 24 HOUR FITNESS,,
I see mostly science, engineering, & math materials highlighted; are humanities materials being developed for OpenStax?
Ladies where do you get your hair styled in Tampa, Fl???
got the bongkiss congkiss of the blow hole ... ( meaning im sick ) in case you all thought i went nits of something like that lol
Waiting on sum pizza with ma babies
Congrats to all the 2012 Grads! Go out and grab life by the balls! lmao
thank you!
#R.I.P. Amy Winehouse
WHOOP!! SWAG I get to see My Hebrew !!
got a twitter !
We just might have to stop by ;)
Headed to the Wydham West hotel this morning to figure out our VIP party situation for !
Women get tired of being used and unappreciated. Yea, where the real men at who know how to treat a lady?
which one?
Jets and Chiefs are always so far ahead at the end of regulation that it won't matter.
Hi Ashley, Thanks for connecting. Great blog topic! If you're planning to cover nonprofits, we'd love to participate!
well I'm totally in love with
have you changed your stance on Paterno in all of this?
where are we drinking tonight ppl?
Watching footage from our archives on the flat-panel monitor at the new Merrie Way National Park Service visitor center.
Somebody talk too me. Im bored
u killed that 1+1 on your YouTube channel
"Without question" most important thing is sharing. Engagement means people are doing your job for you.
isn't following me =( I am invisible 2 them! =( RT if u feel same
*compation stupid auto correct!
thanks for the Follow recommendation.
no but I bet they would turn out good.
Do the saints have a punter on their roster?
I've been listening to sad love songs all day. Wats wrong with me?
"The depth of my struggles will determine the height of my success"
they will be! When I'm lucky, I can sometimes find those in the woods around my house. Haven't seen any this year yet.
where is there... and should we meet you there?!
I get a kick out of hearing people cut there grass on the weekend, knowing that mine is already cut!
Yep! Haha, I hope you enjoy it! I'll get one someday.
why i haven't had a girl all school year? cause most of them hoes.
you're*
Good Morning dude!
Just pulled my back chasing kids during pewee
My wife just explained to me that Angelina Jolie and J-Lo are not the same person. God, I need to work on my cultural capital.
And by good book, I mean the reading for tomorrow night's class. Let's not kid ourselves, grad students don't have time for pleasure reading
Full body massage... (rolls eyes in the back of head)
Skip is hilarious!
Becky is old school technology stupid (; RT : Sleepover with ...sorry i broke your lamp
FEED ME
yay! I can't wait.
Ah finally.
I like to swap w/pals too. ": I like to force limitations to inspire myself. Work from only my stash.
Following you back :-)
Nobody EVER says god bless you to me after i sneeze in class. EVER. For the past 4 years. Its fuckin crazy.
Betcha by golly wow - The Stylistics
I live among dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.
what a nice way to end the night. sleep tight everyone. xoxo.
Newt has a considerable problem with eye shift.
"Crush my fantasies of how this life is supposed to be. Dont you abandon me"
Idk which is more awkward, cutting your nipple shaving your chest or realizing that the only bandaids you have are dora the explorer ban ...
if youre in the neighborhood come to strangebrew and help me with my puzzle
RT Someone's weight loss looks more like coke addiction than diet and exercise to me.
nope, just really funny afterwards.
yea they are
RT : Do you know why I am mad becos todays podcast of first take is not available yet for download.
Asking myself: What is my edge as a leader? #CFALeadercast Thank you,
#np Chris brown sweet love
olivia gets hotter with age too!
I agree, you have to do it in moderation. You can always favorite it when you don't want to share to everyone
I'm watchin it now I get it but why does it seem like evelyn's assistant all of a sudden got balls an that's why she stepped up
Yeah it would, when else can you go? I'm sorry for this being so complicated!
Sitting here wondering what songs from my world and my world 2.0 on the
1 in 10 Americans have kidney dysfunction. Blacks are 4X more likely to experience late stage kidney dysfunction (kidney failure).
Heading back to sd now hopefully talk soon
#portfolio district "I have yet to see something that SCHOOLS should DO that government can do better." So True!
I'm smart enough to never get involved in other peoples problems. No one can ever say anything bad involving me.
: Go hug your mom!
did you see the last Parks and Rec?
Defiantly ready for lunch. I'm pretty hungry. More like starving! :o lunch today before anything! :)
you'd think I'd be used to doing things on my own by now, but I still get annoyed when I can't find anyone to do things with. 😒
www.InquisitiveTongue.com: Cafe Largo Indian Rocks nouveau beaujolais, steamed grouper cheeks/gamey sauce, country pate, hot pear tarte!
austin hi im carmen and im a big fan ur the best singer and super cute follow me plez thanks a love u
Virgos stand up
sorry can't we already have an obligation that night but we would normally do it. So keep us in mind
it looks like somthing
#discosperfectos find a great rehearsal studio in nyc opny.tv
I just cleaned my entire car.
Give you 5 bucks if you put the Orioles on that list.
needs a location in Austin. My favorite store & I'm nowhere near one
“: Making 1000 friends in 1 year is not a miracle, keepin 1 friend for 1000 years is :)”
Thanks! We loved having ya!
Time goes by very slow.
Nothing last forever so live for Never
Hope your having fun in Arizona(: I Love You!! <3
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
Hungry people = less energy for activity = work is less productive, yet labor is their only asset
1 more quarter of good basketball, and were back in the series...... Lets go!!!!!
lol of course not !
Went to bed at 9:45 last night. Can you say grandma?!
Didnt think u were like that Ur fucking annoying.
thanks for the RT.
My band is playing sexy music while sexy girls dance at Cheetahs Hollywood TONIGHT!!!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "I want to focus on school" < nevahhhhhh
Just finished first set and it came out pretty good. On to the next.
Snack machines in NYC taxis. Really?
Woot! Just got the ultimate compliment from a prof (teaching his class for first time): "I learned a lot .. and I use PubMed all the time!"
i have a boston hat on look at me im x i like hardcore music gauges and im getting tats soon.
NOW YOU KNOW HOW MY SCHOOL BATHROOMS ARE
use code tweet1 when buying your tickets and get them for only $12!
i know! wahhhh! aare you going?
@ Fantastic! Be sure to share!
RT : when you do, please let me know. Would love to meet you and have you sign my book!>>>With honor, sir!
Thanks, Noah, we got the word out.
Okay... How many Cardassians does it take to screw in a light bulb? What?! Kardashians? There aren't any Kardashians in
looks like you'll stay hungry til they play again on Thursday.
Everyone has the one person from work that wasn't invited to happy hour but comes anyway. Be nice, order them the Tag-a-Long cocktail.
#kyste2012 what if every classroom everyday incorporated one thing you learned today. The power of implementation.
Nice relaxing win for the #Badgers, good start for the tourney.
yes. I'm close to declaring it dead to me.
It is lol
Re-re-reading Mrs. Dalloway, one of my faves since high school English. Now preparing to present on it for a modernist arch. class. Excited!
Since starting my healthier living life I am proud to say 17 pounds of me have disappeared since the beginning of 2012. 
apologizes, sort of, for anti-Romney tweet rant. Now, if she'll just say she's sorry for "Halfbreed," we'll call it square.
We were going to start our half-training today, but it was raining. So, in keeping with our lameness, we put it off till tomorrow. ;-)
We're keeping the celebration rolling in the New Year. Stop in tomorrow, order a mimosa and your second is on us when you show this tweet!
#OneTreeHill is on right now!! Yippee!! :) such a pleasant surprise to find out just a few hours ago that it's premiering tonight!!
#getschman Not sure about the last joke--make other places secular?
at home chillin after a nice workout
okay one movie starts 7:50? and are we seeing it in 3D?
just joined Mercury. Expecting a shirtless Greek God to arrive in my lap every Tuesday. Glad you're up for the challenge.
Thanks for the RT! No better time than dawn in city!
Went to sleep wit a afro and woke up wit a box smh
When someone sends you the wrong text message and it's just awkward for both of you
& what's worse, the twitition has raised public awareness of him & his stupid ideas 10 fold.
RT hey my site is up! Check it out. is awesome. www.amylaurel.com HUGS
Congrats! RT : The Indy Star released 2011 Super Team today. Sheldon Day DT from Warren Central was named Player Of The Year.
Josh's U5 team has scored two beautiful goals. Both in our net.
why yes I did!!!! Do a lil dance
Yes, we can do gluten free. If you want something fried (like wings) please allow extra time, as we have to do them on the...
*exhale* Glad to read it.
%15 off all P.F. Chang's meals today to celebrate Tax Day? Gee whiz thats swell
seeing Monsieur Lazhar.
Jury is still out? Jeff is sad :(
ikr. how old are u now?
So did you get laughs?
That was fantastic. Made my night.
Eleven (11) days until the annual celebration of NASCAR Day! Let me know if you need a limited edition, collectible 2012 NASCAR Day pin! :)
Nothing to be ashamed of. I am still to chicken to go.
Smart idea, bring the heavenly scent into the house!
I need a good old fashioned patron to fund this dream of mine...or this crappy serving job.
dont be upset their lives is more INTERESTING then your!!! PUSSY!!
#BuckeyeNation is hoping will soon become a Buckeye!
- thinking about you!!! Sending lots of love and prayers!!! Xo
Wishing a Wonderful and Merry Christmas to all. God Bless and Be Safe. Kevin Stallworth - Granda Jethro
The so-called experts in the Astronomical Society of the Pacific are closed-minded dogmatists.
After my first trial ended in a mistrial, a new trial was set for May but it had to be pushed back because of rumors of jury tampering..
It's National Walking Day! If you're downtown, join us and local sponsor at the World Trade Center Plaza at noon today...
If you need me, take a four lane headed my way.<3
That is what #MarchMadness is all about.
I Have Not One Clue For Who You Are. I Don't Even Remember you.
don't do it Nibbles. I was gonna join the air force, then the marines then the national guard. But it's fucking stupid
What up Orlando Lock Up (or shut up) Free
Yeah I know:/.I miss you guys so much ! Yeah I miss those days when Laura didn't care what I did.
Tayler Lofquist () Everything tasted great- my only regret was that it stopped at two plates! ;-)
Ha. RT : did you hear the joke about the floor? nevermind, its beneath you. (my kindergartner's fav).
I've only read gwtdt but r u talking bout the Swedish films or American version of gwtdt because that was amazing
no guy is worth losing my best guy friend over!
a bra somebody just told me we shud do something togather
LeBron deserves a B-
lol its okay
I think thats when teachers go back and we go back on the regular day.
Bloomberg Sports predicts that John Mayberry will finish with 18 HR's and 65 RBI this season. I predict that they are way off.
I can puke right now that's how bad my headache is fml
The payphone that worked a month ago at St. Charles&Julia no longer works.Why does this bother me?
Don't compare ur life to others, You have no idea what their journey is about.
I totally agree!
OMG you made me laugh.. But wait.. it gets even worse..
RT : These cats are always into something! $$$$ << thanks for the mention!!
I am working on designing a new mobile ap for Hope to have it done before Black Friday hits.
thanks for following me!! I followed back
thank u sista
Damn it...did it again. Stayed up drooling over other people's home interior. I'm obsessed.
I believe you are a coward. I will NRVER do business with you and I promise I will do everything I can to discourage anyone
And let #NFLmadness begin!!
Ink cartridges taking up space in your house or office? #Donate them to BASE Camp!!
duh! Freedom unifies people. Winning Dems is how Reagan won
Good looking article on :)
Awkward moment when a fan picks his nose and notices we're all watching. Any movement inside the rim is a pick.
": Followed . [: Follow Back ? :3" i already followed u :-)
Our pleasure! Thank You for the order.
It's another beautiful day! I'm sure it will bring lots of good things with it :) Happy Thursday
#Leverage Everybody have fun!
Early bird gets the worm. Nola, I'm coming for you!
We do not just want density. Greenways. Parks. Bike-ped trails.
My dad said he's taking me shopping this weekend (':
all kinds but london fruit is my best seller by far.
True Born Records w
sorry we are going to miss the show. Had no idea it was at 6 sunday. Had a babysitter and everything...
like Hulk Hogan? #noalimony4u! :-)
some great #networking this afternoon at #NYTechDay!
90% of all text messages are read within the first 3 minutes of being received
Gearing up for the Passenger Vessel show in Portland, OR at the Portland Hilton!
um someone suggest a live chat site i can go to!?
We can pretend to be twins and fuck each other.
Lovin Kauai with the kids!
You're coming to Tulsa?! I will see you at Toby Keith’s, sir.
haha I'm cool how about you?
well isn't everyone going to the city?
R.I.P whitneyy . you will be missed . thiss was aah sadd funeral and im qlad her home qoin went like it did R.I.P
Your flaws make you perfect.
The weather is looking great this week Memphis! Let's keep the murders to a minimum and have a great week. :)
lol its okay I like favoring your tweets (:
big things in the works
FREE PUBLIC READING 3/27. Delightful play about one couple's relationship through time through their daughter's life. Hope to see you there.
It's the punishment for using Windows Phone crap. Confess and ask for mercy, then you'll get the carrier ;-)
RT : THE BEARD LIVES!!!!!! ON TO THE EASTERN CONFERENCE MOTHERFUCKING FINALS BABY LET'S FUCKING GO RANGERS!!!!!!!
Currently my broken foot is attending university events in hiking-type sandals. Comfortable, but not so smart-looking. Sigh.
Last shot at this week's #TuesdayThrowdown: What's the best reason for the NBA lockout to end? Winner gets credit!
My condolences to Kim Stratton on the loss of her brother... We love you and are praying with you and your family.
I'm trying to put a band together.
Thanks for telling me I now follow him
Congrats on the win tonight against Portland ...you guys have a safe trip back to H-Town
Surfed for 6 hours until it got too small and crowded. Success!
I hate it when there's ice cream in the house, because then I have to eat it
south beach tow is a great show
PopPunkWayo Fest is comin' up fast! Who are we gonna see in the Windy City the 14th of April!?
You aint bad cuz you tatted !
Another day another dollar💰💰💰
Frank Vogel the #HEAT are gonna get your ass fired after all the fuel you gave them
alright I'll text him
Nothing annoys me more than when I'm talking to someone about music and for some reason they think their opinion is as valid as mine.
What did you recommend?
I'm a fuck up.
- Somebody put a lovespell on me. Just can't seem to shake it off. I'll stand by you. Now and always. 00XX
We have a show coming up on August 19th at Kimbro's in Franklin! Come check us out and check out our music first at www.keycommittee.com
and i would love to know how you came to you preconceived and misguided notion....
your so RIGHT like always...your my YODA fa real :)
Triple retweet. Bacon
Yess!! RT : A #Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate.
I want one!! Jk I'm not greedy :)
He can work with trainers though.
Game 7 hockey tonight. The Sports Freak said San Jose always chokes - they were up 3-0 and now its tied 3-3. You know who he has winning
Thanks for the follow from one fellow Deadhead to another!
Thanks for following!!
"Golden slumbers fill your eyes. Smiles awake you when you rise." ::the beatles::golden slumbers::
Have you ever stole food from your work kitchen?
Post production magic is happening.
I dreamed about you Sia. wow how random!
1) Landing Pages – One great thing about the HubSpot software is that users can crank out a landing page with just a few clicks of a button
Cranberry juice
there was some "decent" talent on the court for that 4a #iahsbb champ game in '10
Monday mornings are always much better after a #Redskins victory.
Couldn’t say we blame you! RT: Think I'm addicted to Sunbelt's granola bars
dat taco bell was gud but im still hungry i have a huge appetite today,,,
Si4S "sleep is for suckers" I take that back, I'm going to bed.
30 minute commute ... Perfect! Note to self: Get on one stop earlier to snag a seat
Have a Great Memorial Day Weekend - those that have really big plans be safe - Enjoy the Weekend - Monday look for your Memorial Day Gift
My life ain't easy but aye give me props I make it look easy
i just wanna be happy
I do not hear a similarity either. Like Colton, but think he needs to work on his technigue. Has tension.
Bad as hell !!!RT : you going to jail 🚓 lmao “: Locked his ass in the closet ! Bad ass !”
And considering we #entreprenuers don't get nearly enough thank yous this is especially a great tip!! Going to do it right now!
great lens. Assuming you have a wide angle already (kit)? The 50mm is really difficult to vlog with.
Don't choose a permanent solution to a temporary problem. Choose wisely.
touts his jobs and education plans. Says it's going to take someone new that has demonstrated leadership
Daddy started tearing up, his baby is leaving for awhile he isnt used to it. I love you Daddy!(:
Hope it goes well!
This is wonderful: Senator is so comically terrible at Twitter it's funnier than your favorite parody account RT :
I dislike stupidity.
Thanks for the follow Niall
ok u got regular facebook
well goodnight! its almost 1am and I have school tomorrow. okay goodnight!
white people? dont' you mean the government?
The sky is so pretty tonight...
Eli Manning gets away with more bonehead throws off his back foot.
Proud to see Jani-King logo on Penske partner sheet this morning. Excited to discuss B2B opportunities with #PenskePartners!
Met some neighbors ... We Finna smoke #😚🍃💨🍃💨Match
Its the last day of #NCSC and the rain is coming down while we board buses to go show our support for Georgia charter school children!
Team Setsy Can I. Volleyball. Tonight. We'll bring our magic to the sand volleyball court. Or at least our solid effort and enthusiasm.
Beautiful day out.Love my outfit. Good Mood. Hopefully no dumb ass ruins it.
Happy Birthday shout out to Good show tonight, brother!
# Register to vote in November and go vote
MPG Office Trust Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results - MarketWatch (press release)
So thankful for even though we fight like no other. 💜😊
Racier costumes are ideal to wear for adults-only Halloween parties
How did Bilderberg first get exposed? | TheCandidBull
😂😂your retarded! RT : iRemember playin hide n seek when iWas younger. I was OSAMA BIN LADEN on a scale from 1-Osama! lol
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
#filming tomorrow with #epic time
same here
It was very necessary that I should know how many prongs that toothhad
Yes, we are a wild and crazy group! Lol!
just bought GOW 2 today, man I can't wait till 3 comes out
THAT IS IMAGE CONTROL
I already have to pay for food on flight now you rant me to pay to watch a movie? I might just gave to switch to
I'm the new bad character.
jazzy adjective jazzy music has a strong lively beat, like jazz
When I follow u bitch, i expect u to follow back. >_<
I'm still trying ti get mine together I just need a red hat, and overalls
One more hour. Ugh.
Great Review!
That one feeling one of your closest friends hates you /:
lmao she NEEDS to go back to blcc this year
Deviled ham.... Yummy!
Happy Monday! How was your Sunday Funday?
I take it my boyfriend is drunk..... that explains it.
heard you take it up the ass like your daddy
LOL! : " Stop it, you're scaring the kittens! ;-)"
u should check out pghtechevents.com ... lots of good networking events!
Finally got to sleep n
catch you all in three hours PST #DowntonPBS Enjoy!
Get to hang out with my baby sister today, Lets get crunk!!!!!!
Any assistant buyer position in the NW?
Auto repair shop finally fixed our 1991 Camry! Had car for a week. Break lights were out. They're geniuses.
I would love to! When exactly are you going
look at their eyes, they always seem to follow me.
Checking out #cavalia with the family tonight.
Working at booth at the Grove in Anaheim.
okay then
thanks for the follow. Check out our tools for student accountability for your growing school!
feli playing well? well that may save my friday..... :)
Latin...Latin active!
I know!! I'm now having a memorial Beastie Boys dance party in my office. Just finished "Sabotage." Now "So What'cha Want."
theyre comin i asked the lunch lady
no not today :( are u guys in the IE?
I never use it anymore though , I go on it maybe twice a week though . Lol I'm always on IG or fb now .
Packers Steelers....... Sound Good 2 me.....!
Fuck you bitch
mindless behavior will be at 106&park tuesday everyone tune in and show your love and support also GO VOTE RIGHT NOW FOR THEY VIDEO "HELLO"
I can't stay long cause I have a game :(
Looking forward to the NCAA Women's Lay up shooting contest tomorrow.
Love that 70% now means "double"
I call every nigga I fuck wit everyday. It hard to tell my nigga. Life real. And nigha play wit ya life. But in the end they suffer
A pleasure! Sorry if I seemed loopy, too! Elvis glasses & two Black Label's will do that to a fella.
I give up
finally I'm tagged!! Assholes->
the Latin chicks aren't better than MM:)
Empire Avenue is the Farmville of Twitter
Well, you're getting there! But... wait... then you won't be king anymore! This is a tough decision.
Heck yeah we are!!! RT Small PR agency of the year winner is...Catalyst Public Relations.
Spin the bottle is way more appropriate when played with non-family members, but it's not as exciting.
Getting ready for bed, had a long day. Congrats shellby =)
So I'm pretty sure the Zombie Apocalypse is upon us, because all night for the past few hours sirens have been blaring all around town.
but as far as ik you scared .
wow if thats the case I need two spots lol jk... funny shit
Thanks for the follow. Hope you enjoyed the strip.
Wait 20 years, gain about 50 more pounds, and there's a TNA contract with your name on it.
I will be presenting "How to Protect Your Business in a Litigious Society" tomorrow at Faith Lutheran's Business Advisory Council.
I blame the chick that was swaying behind me last night. I wonder how her head feels today.
I would be the same way if my job was different haha
yup those!
Ross: hardware modders as community might not appear to be representative public, but showing the means of production matters
Hewould throw a drowning man both ends of the rope just to see thelook on his face
Great presentation about user interaction, experience and the ipad, especially about The Evolution of the Daily at
Never underestimate the usefulness of a trusty geodude.
you gave some of the most powerful reaction - when you watch the story now, it feels so raw. Hope you are doing well!
Why can't I write any musik
i agree, but lead. and leg. wont give students more options-its clear the system, not teachers, are failing thousands of students
Thank You Heidi #gratitude RT : LOVE Float On!~So happy ur here in PDX.
what's up with my sites? for that matter, what's up with YOUR site?
Having a vocation is never wanting to take a vacation. #leadfromwithin Join the chat about it at 8pm 4/17
m... money money money... where? google ads. mypace music. play sports . getting off my ass.. well mentally :)
Smokin this Pineapple...thinking bout my next dollar
I don't like ASAP Rocky SO.
Aww, poor girl. Hollie looks like she wants to run off the stage
“: Thanks for following me:-)” NP lady :-)
Thank you Pete. I am very excited to be part of Futuro team. We will change the world!
it's too cute!!! Darren Criss was even cuter with his new hair xD
Thanks so much..
Cabin in the woods this weekend!
What a gorgeous day! Working with my laptop on the porch. Newsletter to come soon!
Such a great feeling... <3 It's clearly apparent because even my mom picked up on it.
No slice, just a hook! RT : gambling at Bushwood is illegal and Brian never slices
the link was messed up....thanks anyways...
Love those books, and really looking forward to "The Wind Through the Keyhole" next month!
Just looking at you makes me mad!
Flight delay swag.
drink all day fuck all night .. this dj blend shit is legit
Thanks for the RTs, ladies! Happy Friday.
#Linning enough said
Well, I think its up to us to assure not only our survival but animals as well, extinction is not an option in my eyes....
i here ya. but they have a great goalie. Lundquist is great. trust me. the devils wont take 4 strait. how was the philsgame
AU cancelled a class I was going to take called "DC and Voting Rights". That move explained so much more about DC voting than a class would.
I am extremely proud of my Mayor and Councilmembers for standing up for the rights of the residents of this city. Let's unite and join them.
Hey follOw me :)
Drove to Knoxville and back today to pick up a buddies 64 Chevy truck. Very tired.
Great Job! to RootsTech for an awesome conference, even for us that could not attend.
Red is the lucky color tonight as Scott County faces Trinity Shamrocks in the Sweet 16 title game --- even if it is St. Patrick's Day.
good luck Kei! u are the man!
I'm the Elvis of hip hop call me the king
I kid. I kid. <inside joke>
Larry Sanders held Russell Westbrook by his shoe after they both fell to the floor and were behind the play. Smooth move.
im done
I'm doing wonderful! Working in the non-profit world now, and I love it. I am actually doing Tim Ferris'
So yeah pretty much all my friends have a cold -.-
IPS school board voted 2 hire outside firm to investigate the bullying of Darnell "Dynasty" Young, gay student who brought stun gun 2 school
He's still a bitch
Nap time? I do believe so.
things are looking up oh finally. i never thought i'd see the day you smiled at me.
I think my account got hacked. Help! What should i do?
I hate I don't get it in HD. Haha
Back home after a trip to Ireland. Starting up the roaster...ah..
Steve Nash's two MVP trophies have now been devalued because LeBitch James won another MVP. The MVP is meaningless now.
This is great news. PS, I'm already booked to come to the workshop.
I had to follow you when I read your little bio.
Platonic friendship is all I want.
Love what you've done so far. How does the chain feel about this project or is it kept anonymous?
I feel totally famous now ;-)
I was in Texas all weekend singing at a gala, and a lady had on a FULL LENGTH mink...it was about 68 degrees! #Ican't
im literally cryin right now ahahahahahahahahahaha
“: 1 of my Dads best sayings "U wanna handle it or u want me 2? Cuz I don't think ull like how I handle it."” Real Dad's lingo
Happy mother's day to Once a hater of computers is now a social media addict!
Can't decide where I wanna get my make up done for prom...
Hey Tyler Good Afternoon ;) u really should consider following my twin sis & I :D That would be the coolest! <3
would that evolve into Words with More Than Friends?
If only to see the exploding heads, am i right?
RT : . invokes Thomas Jefferson -- the original thinker. Be a "participator" every day, not just election day.
I'm disappointed in you dog; you didn't hold it down at all
Where did you see Van Halen at?
i enjoyed your Clairet when I was in Entre-Deux-Mers, last week of September.
I like your stores but I miss you having competition from borders. I miss having a choice of local bookstores for tech books.
oh wow! I think you're right! You look beautiful btw!:)
Multiscreen=BigBizz RT NBC: Lots of cool new social tv products in the marketplace, but man is it exhausting to keep up with
(Hales Corners) Command at crash advised no extrication now, just a door needs to be popped
That might be the best Casey Anthony tweet so far.
finally sunny in washington <3
Cooking dinner for my wife..baked pork chops rice/w carrots..need another side yall..help! green beans or spinach?
follow me;)
Just watched a Bush beer commercial on tv. Who even drinks Bush. Love the long, but the beer?
Okay. I'm gonna try to go to sleep. It's been nice reconnecting with you all, and I'll be on more tomorrow! <3
Thank you to all of the MMA fans that tuned into the show!
I love those times where we have no school for like a week.
Early morning closing on a non #shortsale....life is good...
I thought VCs were refocusing on cost cutting technology in healthcare; but still surprised about apps, interesting but sad
not great. Even :(
when you see a mention and dont know what to say....hm how do i say it nicely?
I'm impressed with my first order! They fit really well, shipping was sooner than expected and price was on spot. Thank you!
Date night with my gorgeous wife at the Baltimore Concert Opera's La Cenerentola
Here at the Golden Nugget auctioning myself off for charity!
to get there as close to 6 as I can and talk to security about getting seats for me and my companion.
good, just got home from spending time at the casino with my momma. How are you?
Hii(: Rt if you're still up
Make sure if your going out this weekend you have a safe and reliable taxi to get home. We accept all major credit cards too!! 520-798-1111
THANK YOU JESUS. Omfg my life is complete.
My sisters gonna swim ! #SheCrazy !
Also because they're not getting their $$$ worth with #Pujols? And it may or may not be that way for the next 10 years?
going to the store to get snacks to just chill.
I hear its your #Birthday! So HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Hope its great! :)
"The only way to consistently recognize negativity imposed from outside is to learn to not identify with your own emotion." J.J. Dewey
when r u gonna make a new keek
An offensive foul on a push off and a block on an obvious bull rush. FromTyler Black changed this game.
you can never have to much to think...
Minnesota Wild, Twins, Vikings, Timberwolves. They've got to be on that list.
I just wanna be with you, we don't need a label or to put ourselves out there for everyone to see, I just want you ☹
The Regional Arts Partner panel will begin at 10:00 a.m. today in Indiana Government Center South, Conference Room B.
#FF who does an excellent job on whiteboard friday presentations.
Why do I spend so much time looking for things I've misplaced, when I only find them after I stop looking for them?
Nothing says compulsive quite like tweeting and eating an entire box of tic tacs in 10 minutes.
SO to former Durango STAR Good Luck tonight. Go Lady Rebels!
But I'm so sleepy! Maybe I'll just sleep longer and dream about trains some more... z
Thinking of kid names when I woke up  random as hell
That's just your feminine biased coming out. It's only gross bc you are conforming to society. Right ? haha
Preparing of all of the local memorial events next week, especially on Jan 12, 2010, the anniversary date of the Earthquake in Haiti.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! I can't wait for the album and then a tour. You Guys deserve it.
Isnt funny but sort of RT : Was just at 4 Seasons...Back Bay residents are taking over due to the blackout! now that's camping.
- I need a shower after hearing the things coming out of Snooki's mouth.. Wow! TMI to the nth degree!!
Happy Valentine's Day! Champagne tonight?
FakeLevin is satire dear. On twitter accounts which start w 'Fake' are satire.
No Christmas tree for me tonight :( maybe we can get one on Sunday
WOAH. I haven't been on in forever! Hey guys :)
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 13
Friends leaving4 Bali. 1 day soon I'll make it2 Bali. 2day I need2 focus on making it to the gym, short term goals & big plans for 2012!
sometimes while writing emails n such, I say #pizza in place of #PEACE or pizza the hut, needless to say, I have not started a trend,
"whats the difference between medication and poison?... The dosage."
she is still not buying it...
lmao!!!! had me marker tat "Roman I luv Yhu" on her arm....and i did lol im bouta tweet a pic
#teamMMD is in LA for #IMATS... gonna build our kit and network like crazy!!!! Also gonna meet can't wait! !!! She's amazing
Hi! I am really excited to check out a class soon. Am I allowed to video learning the dance?
“ #OomfNeedsTo that tweeting about your relationship problems WON'T make it better so get off Twitter and work it out!”
Just met today! Please follow this amazing organization.
Lol one of these kids look like my stalker from SC..creepy
The laugh lines on courtneys face....the gas to courtneys bootay and yeah........ Thats y i love joanna desousa with all my heart ~courtney
It's been a good day...Pleasant dreams...Psalm 4:8...: )
RT : Cheaters need to come to San Antonio lol they already here ha ha! They called my niggas lol
Sorry that I've been absent for so long guys! I kinda have a lot going on right now but we'll have something soon!
Yes Lawd I found gas for 3.55 a gal.
See if there are any improv shows going on tonight!
All things are possible until they are proved impossible--even the impossible may only be so , as of now.
Cool..pretty good. Finishing up some stuff now..and starting new tracks.
Let's Go Birds!!
I see a lot of fat lesbians. I guess eating pussy is fattening
I like beer. Sounds good.
thanks for the follow! would love to catch up sometime soon!
Good luck ... from an Isles fan. Really.
dog just ate 1/4 box of gourmet chocolate. not looking forward to the repercussions.
muppet dance- how lovely
Thanks for being so willing to experiment with #ala11 and #libchat. You're a rock star! ;-)
Is the truth you speak of rooted in religion?
Always monitor the healing process of all incisions after surgery to ensure a safe and active recovery.
#sxswLAM Librarian meetup on the 10th and LAM sessions. Would enjoy unscripted opportunities to meetup and talk shop
It's all schools! Wim Weiwel says PSU's fate is tied to City's. So don't lose sight of forest 4 trees. There are alot of trees.
but it's not like I'm gone forever ;) I told you I'll always be back :)
First episode of #NYC22 starts April 15th. Thanks!
thanks for the RT!!!!
Really? You're joking, yes? RT : In light of Nick Novak incident, Roger Goodell ordered a port-a-potty on every NFL sideline.
Did you know that Drury Inns (in St. Louis anyway) include free dinner, b'fast, & 3 drinks per person per room???
When are you coming to the UK?, I think we deserve to meet you too(:
I'm hoping that the next time my friends and I are discussing lunch that a cute redhead shows up like in the commercial.
My ex just got engaged.Hasn't even been a year since we broke up.Confirmation of why it didn't work.Celebratory drink or pity-party drink?
HEYY go follow and check out his clothing (Y)
DEAD ALIVE/BRAINDEAD came to mind when I thought of an "ultimate midnight movie."
RT : Bloomberg bills Obama support of gay marriage "a major turning point in the history of American civil rights."
I'm not as biased when I say that plays the role of the though
With all we're doing, its gonna be hard to fail...
so hungover today!!! gonna chillax at home tonight=]
Help? Ideas of what to add to mom-built Wiki (trying to intro. web2.0 to willing teachers) for field trip w/5th graders to commutercars.com?
had to watch #TheBachelorette before bed. It's going to be SO GREAT! Can we have Monday night dates and watch together?
Schnur: Improve #ESEA bill by providing incentive for professional development. Press for performance targets, transparency, accountability
man its hard to trust friends
LOL...you never know when I'll pop up next! Thanks for noticing.
"If you can dream it, you can do it." ~ Walt Disney
Tebow press conference broadcast live just about everywhere. Backup QB press conference. Only this Jets regime would take that on.
Business models session has overflow crowd.
Oh they are so very good! Glad for a fellow BB scone lover. Never enough of us, I say.
Take advantage man...all MCs (north, south, east & west) send your tracks (edited preferred) to If it's dope, it spins
I could go for some ice cream or a slushie right now .
Obama knows #mfg! MT : When some wanted to let Detroit go bankrupt, we bet on American workers... and American companies.
I forgot what it was like to see Santana pitch. Damn I wish he was back
Recommend Sarah Zhe show at Asia Society in NYC!!
"we putting the band back together"
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
sorry, capacitor
u interested in Hollywood bowl tix for Kelly clarkson?
how old r u?
RT Jail is just college for people who work at fast food restaurants.
Also told me to stow my iPad for takeoff
ok thanks hope you your good to.
I'm good with all the driving I do. I just need someone to help me get my coat off when I'm going 90 mph.
NYC stole a little piece of my heart...living there has to happen. 5th Avenue and SOHO are just too perfect.
Tonight: Started taxes; gathered a half bag of clothes to donate; worked out and ate leftover lasagna - again
Hey Jamie! It's Emma! :D
Heading over to the MMA Gym for my 4 day a week Muay Thai Training.
ive been checking for my package every hour for about the last 4 hours and still nothing your lucky
u the #TRUTH tho
lol I said laff cuz that's how Liam says it xD
dude, it is SO hard to maintain a relationship during school
I don't have any girl friends and is really far away so I'm giving myself a make over #lonely )-:
Who's mom brought orange slices for halftime?
Mike Martz continually called 7-step drops & left the QB out to dry. It's what he's always done.
Congratulations to the newly crowned Mrs. Oregon International - Jaileene Eubanks & Mrs. Washington International - Elizabeth Gibbons!
Haha if they didn't make fun of me, I would be worried. Now, I know we're all friends.
he sounds pretty good, glad he's singing in an age-appropriate range.
Introduced Liz, Tom and Keegan to 'deer blood' and then watched 300
FRESH PRESSED JUICE!!!!!
Their should be a "you have to be 5'5" to leave MRHS" requirement that way I could always stay
We should talk about Tiny Furniture. (HOW ARE YOU?!)
Film finance run down with John Cones at 10 am discussing SEC rules and distribution guidelines. Coffee!!!!!
11 years at YUAG! (this was supposed to be a 2-year grant funded project). Hm time flies.
Would you like to host a Pure Romance party in Nov? I'm donating a % of the sales to a fam in need for the holidays"
93 degrees tomorrow!? Screw my P90X diet for a day, I'm having ice cream
Hot summer.. Colder bitch
Happy I got niggas like , , and Shae though . They keep me humble .
,,Chris at foxsunday can't see what Newt is getting at with SaraPalin,doing it now will get him to theTop, Smart!
What if they don't all agree on which direction to go?
Become a fan of our cleaning service today Facebook.com/teamgocommercialcleaningservice/
Thanks for getting the word out
We've got bigger problems to fix here in #DC! Stop wasting time on statehood. Start earnestly working on fixing things like our schools, etc
thanks for the RT - you're proof of my concept - p.s. contentiousness sounds better with a KY accent
If you forget all the things you’ve forgotten, you’ll never miss them.
An award for my man AND an excuse to buy a cute new luncheon outfit... score! So proud of my #TBJ's #40under40 winner!:...
Lol everything Alisha says I just have to say something. Lol
Looking forward to happy hour with our new tech director
I knew I left my receipt lying around somewhere.
IM DROPPING OUT
Hey Baltimore Oriole fans.. HAHAHAHAHA Welcome back to the baseball you really know.
#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates You can certainly post about things no one cares about, but don’t get mad when no one likes it.
I think it's Bartman. Got the jacket and his dowdy profile
ok cool don't be excited to see me. it's all good, bro.
RT : Chris Allen from showing voice recognition system leveraging Red5 server - very cool!
I was really lookin forward to summer with him, oh well...
Whts a good title for a breakup song???
FREE tasting of exotic Madagascar chocolates from Madecasse on Sunday, 2/19 from 2-5 PM! Only at the Chocolate Library.
Ah! You're in Brooklyn?! How long?
Put on your jelly bracelets and your cool graffiti coat and head over to 's Saved by the 80's party tonight
cool! Freshman or Jv?
nigga I'm at home high af alone . 👎 come thru with my sissayyyy!!
Thanks for the #FF!
Oh DVR'd you complete me...you too
The time has come.....TO GO TO SLEEP!;#
Who's the man?
The crew will be at #fenway on Monday 9/19
Solomon Short~ Im all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Lets start with typewriters.
watching the #kentuckyderby and wondering if you ever feel bad for the horses? I do... :(
I think my biological clock is surrender set for 8 regardless of when I go to sleep...oh well up and at em! Time to get ready for the day!
hunger games in this mofo!
fans need to rage against the machine.
I know they all Mexican ❤❤
Rebirthing now!!!! I wanna live for love, I wanna live for you and me!!!!
On the way to Timberline with photog Carla--wonder what we'll find on snow survey....We've already found sunshine up here!
Love the little signs I get when walking & paying attention... today's clue read Emanuel, pretty straightforward -- time to write!
what was your score on the judd quiz? I got a 67! terrible. The black table and chairs looks like cheap furniture to me.
#nw story on He epitomizes the phrase #TackleCancer ...just like our founder did. Best wishes today Mark!
they have confused #preds like I have never seen in a few hundred games. Don't seem to have any answers. Wed. will b interesting
Honestly I never do anything in spanish why am I even in this class
Haha -- love it!
Children of the Lodz Ghetto allows crowdsourced historical research, with stories discovered and documented by contributors.
RT : RT : The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend ~ Henry David Thoreau
not say too much tweeps, but the word of the day today is "consolidation"
Oh my. Goal Chicago. This game is crazy. 2-2.
RT : Great day in #San #Jose - it's hot hot hot!!!
Into marketing, PR, or content strategies, or have such a effort underway within your company's fold? You'll want to add this resource to y…
Congrats on the successful drop this morning. Keep up the good work!
Back on the grind ...
S/O to my new followers
One day is all you would need, just to get some quotes and then use press releases to work the rest for the recap. Let me know.
Should be awesome!
Love RT : no freebies necessary. I'm down to support, just make me an exclusive and I'm good ;)
I hate how people are like omg i got 100+ followers by following this person how is that possible ?
Chuck Brown was a true D.C. legend. One of a kind. RIP.
"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
I gotta say I have a lot of respect for farmers, but the people I respect the most are soldiers!
New show about "The Evolving Universe" might be cool for you guys!
Good morning #Lakeview NATO got you stressed? Take a load off, let us cook for you while you sip a refreshing lemon lime (homemade!) soda!
Not sunny day.... just Real Estate... on April 27th.
Half off Reserve tonight! Come Raid the Cellar
Good morning New York City!
#dontevergiveup on that girl/guy you love.Don't worry,they'll realize how amazing you are someday.<3
Holy fuck what's up with people staring at me on the freeway
I am addicted to the abuse. I can't live without Crossfit
Love love love the feeling in my legs right now. Pure numbness
Dont play wit may
#PeopleILoveTheMost are fighting for justice everyday.
Haha, most mornings for me are two cups of coffee and Rose Melberg. I totally understand :)
Ya Session=Rising Star. Curious if Angerer would hold up health wise on strong side. Team seems to like Kavell Conner too rite?
These girls beefin on my TL
Can you get to follow me? (;
do I need to fall off a bridge for you to notice me? :/
nah im just kidding brah
#Le'Andria better preach!!!
So I walked into a pile of branches and got a giant thorn in my leg. How's YOUR Friday night?
mets suck.
Happy 4th of July everyone! Stay safe out there!
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cooie Mix. Papa Joe
I suspect ROBERT DOWNEY, JR
Can you say trashy black dress?
I thought he left her ass.
I will! I probably hit it on a bad day. You know how it goes.....
“I’m going to destroy Android, because it’s a stolen product. I’m willing to go thermonuclear war on this.” - Steve Jobs
Been bout it since I was 12 gotta let me do some #promo #art for the
Q: Best TV show on right now? We can't wait for Mad Men to start up --- love the vintage fashions they sport!
your score is 21 over par (4jxdc)
Damn. Straight.
ha funny babe
We still have select men's and women's tees 35%-50% off! Come by today and check it out!
Hahaha! Our pleasure and thank YOU!
Dear Follower Fairy, Please bring me interesting non-lame followers while I sleep. Thx amen.
We should start a group on Goodreads, maybe?
Thank you for following!
Dime as in ten cents, My rhyme is intense tense,Whether present or past,I pass you in a bubble eye lens Benz...dope ass wordplay
You really do.
Also, Happy Easter everyone!
welocome to Dagnomusic look forward to hearing what you upload!
Have your kids help prep dinner. If they prep the #veggies, they'll be more inclined to eat them.
Don't wanna go to school.
they're not, this is the hardest question. I'd have to go with minor threat though, because I didn't like BF without Rollins
link took me to a video. No I guess not
I'm doing that thing where I'm reading 9 books at the same time again :-X marathon reading session needed! Must..not..start...another...book
you should be so proud of who you are and what you accomplished. Sad to see you go. Go Bucks!
You got it! It's a weekly feature.
I am not, but I have a friend. Can you DM the price?
Thanks! I was a TINY part of VERY successful #sagaftra #oneunion campaign! Credit goes to all members of &
"we fell in love and I hope this plays" ... Oh Rihanna it's playin don't you worry
Seriously wish I could forget you
Framing prints to go up at a massage studio (65th & Forest Home). Not yet open - I'll let you know when!
Lunch staff meetings become big team building at The Red Rabbit. Let us know when you're ready to bring the crew!
Found you through Looks like small Manhattan is already on hold. Must be selling! Congrats.
I have a lot of poor man dreams
If u go looking 4 a real friend, you're going 2 find they're very scarce If u go out 2 be a friend, you'll find them everywhere. Zig Ziglar
Miami going back to the finals
Totally failed my AP Physics final. 😥🔫
you never forget your first, boys-- can't wait to hear what you think of it
Does anyone else think 'Twitter' having an actual twitter is strange? Who the hell is tweeting for it haha
": #Taurus may not be the most outgoing sign, but they will always be by your side."
I try not to be a cranky tweeter, but this shuttle situation is no good. Folks take cabs after paying for (expensive) passes.
Wish I could attend the May 7th event - I'll be out of town!
Yes, there IS a National #Pizza Party Day! It'e either tomorrow or Fri, depending who u ask. I say let's do BOTH!
However, men, children, and teenagers develop lupus too. Lupus develops most often between ages 15-44
RT : Just spoke with Santo campaign manager Mike Biundo, who says they may in fact hold on to win Ohio.
Getting ready for tonight's show..Turkey prepares for a surge of Syrian refugees, the BRICS Summit is underway and #megamillions fever!
That location was my choice too - and still is :)
RT : Welcome Rookies Food in Madison visit them at www.roookiesfood.com for the best deals
Be thankful and count your blessings for what you have, rather than what you want.
comics are a synthesis of words and pictures together and are a legitimate way to express yourself!
Mandy Butler and I are moving to Richmond in August and we're bringing FuseBox Theatre with us - can't wait to get involved!
I love how you keep it real and you stand up for yourself! Your so gorgeous hun xoxo
Get out of my head.
It's Free for All Friday! Always spirited and timely talk w/Cheryl & Dr. Jeff joining the discussion! Tune it at 10 ET
too much dribbling & ISOs & guys are out of position because of Miami's tough defense.
its gonna be two long hours..
It would be cool to run a student government summit as an edcamp
Let me know if you'll be at ERA's #D2C2011 conference in Las Vegas next month. I would love to meet up.
Just got word that the test pressings are completed!
": “: #oomf is a douche”me" no I just don't like you
RIT and Mercyhurst scoreless after one.
and the fact that they ended up in the group "of the bands not that popular" 😪😭💔
I have applications knowledge of financial reporting under GAAP. Ask me about my expertise at
who do you like in the BCS Championship?
:) u make me smile ...lol u goin in on Trey huh?? I feel that *grabs headphones*
90 year old asked why she still want's to perm her hair at her age? Replied "I still have to look at myself in the mirror"!
goin ham on the lakers tonight!
To show you how much I love you I changed my relationship status from single to married. . . . . . . on MySpace.
I wish i could work out like my momma does !
HOT HOT HOT BEER BEER BEER !
Nice... I was there about 14 years ago, just remembered how windy it was that day. ;-)
$4 PBR 32oz blue cup, it's a nice day for a cold PBR!
Gonna b a hot day
I start working toward my 2nd masters degree in July. My 1st one is a Masters of the Universe from Mattel University.
Watching Boss N Up get fucking movie. Lol
North Korea stuck in a time warp? Check out this cutting edge piece of machinery which teaches pupils how to dri..
Seen too many relationships end because there weren't fireworks in the bedroom.
Delivering a 40 yrd dumpster for a custom home remodel on memorial near Town and Country. Are you remodeling soon? We can help: just call us
Headed to for 'Challenges Facing the United Nations in Libya' with 's Mark Ward.
- i have no idea! Ha! Thats what i mean!
gr8! i was gon txt u happy mothers day but i dont have u n my phone no mo. i was jus up there too
Sugar Ray makes my 7a.m. alarm not so awful, wicka wicka
What question would you ask band Bear in Heaven if you could? Preparing a interview.
LET'S ALL CHOKE ON CINNAMON ;D
Not the end of career yet but close. Rose needs stability for his type of game. Repaired knee won't hold up..
and have to get married soon! <3 Such a cute couple! (:
The Capitol Steps have a show at The Count Basie Theatre, Red Bank, NJ. on Oct. 28th. Showtime @ 8:00PM.
‎We'll let you decide which is the good and which is the bad.
Basketball 101: Sometimes game film should be used to remind your team of what theyve done well...not always to make corrections.
can you tell me what is going on with red line tonight?
We've already added new style sheets, a prize inventory and mobile web options...this is the list of the remaining features we can add!
I'd assume the people who drink Ovaltine and the people who FB would be a Venn diagram with two non-intersecting circles.
Thanks! RT : Avii &gt;&gt; ya are so cute (:
Has anyone mentioned your doppelganger in the AT&T 4G LTE tailgating commercial? Or, was that so 13 seconds ago?
Hitting the tanning beds.
he def has one.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 43
this is just unbelievable.
