This interactive prototyping tool looks like a work-life game-changer: ! /Thank you !
Whichever one is easiest and scales to Freebase data (25M+ nodes 500M+ edges)
SHOUT OUT FOR ANYONE WHO FOLLOWS !!!!!!!
Bummer that I missed #DWTS tonight... I really wanted to see Driver dancing! ♥♥
MY FUTURE IS 10 TIMES GREATER THAN MY PAST
I say that because I would freeze, drop, and sob when confronted with such a demand!
You charged me TWICE for my coat--and you said order did not even go through!!
Wonderful; would love to see!
Still installing
why are we living the same shit right now? I love you.
Yes sir, building #Joomla #MobileWebsites for all phone and tablet devices.
I FOLLOWED
But I'm rooting for all the way. I can't even begin to explain what that cup win in '94 meant to my dad. Go Rangers!
Love reading your blog!
Wake up with us and hang out ALL morning long, on the ! Happy Tuesday!
Well, the same way they pushed folks out of the Madison protests they are gonna use on Wall St. Apparently it's cleaning time. Whatta crock.
So. Many. Things.
Bitchy substitute teachers<<<
What does it take to get a possible post on your site?
Getting another #listing on the market this weekend! #arlington #realestate #openhouse Sunday 1-4pm.
At the Carlsbad Village Faire today. Beautiful day and tons of people. Leaving now with a bag of collected trinkets and brochures.
I've had it for awhile. Auntie brought it down from the islands for me!
I know it's late but I'm still undecided as to which costume to wear this yr. Hm?
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 6
just look on the brightside your roughly 6 feet tall
I like to bridge the online/onsite gap with an interactive, tweeted exhibit tour.
It seriously feels like Saturday... -_-
Do you guys have a facebook page? I couldn't find it :(
Is your business still offline? You'd better Catch Up or else you're business is ghost.
And all my momma followers
. Still no response? Why don't you just refund my damn money & I'll book the flight thru You clearly don't want my $.
music will never die
That's what being Funemployed is all about. That, and television.
Super powers activated! Good book news for all!
#pcpgh6 myths session good info regarding not worrying about numbers. Interested in asking how do I convince advertisers of that
Are you celebrating Foursquare Day today? (4/16?) What do you think of this checkin app?
well ill let you guess why not.
I hate when I'm eating cereal and the last 3-5 pieces are like "Catch me if you can!"
Cool. Will definitely be by this weekend. Love summer afternoons at Rocklands.
It some talented brothers in this City and its bout to be on we gotta stay focused
School is optional, right?
Stop being a jag off and text me.
Met Dr. Auma Obama at a reception in my honor while in Boston. She is the sister of President Obama and may be seen tonight on
Huh, I don't get how #Klout can call me a "specialist" when I'll about anything from Lady Gaga to Stevia.(#Booksbooksbookswritingpublishing)
Congrats to :-) Won without a coach. That's impressive
practice generative listening - discovering what we know, sharing, and opening to possibilities - to be vulnerable a bit
I'll happily take a dose of ePDA when the IRL you isn't available <3 And the bloggers can blog on as they please
I'll let you know when I open the box. The only bad RR experience I've had was some Elder purchased by friend locally. Was aweful
Goodmorning I hope everyone has a great day, tomorrow is friday guys!
The brain does the thinking, but the heart knows more about love than the mind can ever comprehend.
chilling at the cribb
Wont go home without you - Maroon 5 >
When keeping it real goes wrong via Listen to your audience! There are challenges involved with change.
What are the best things to do in
When you are successful your well wishers know who you are BUT when you are unsuccessful you know who your well wishers are.
I'm looking forward to the watching the #LAKESHOW tonight!
CONGRATS. I cant' wait to read it (and hopefully you'll autograph it). I wish you continued success!!!!
bring me a souvenir!
Yay! MT Join us in congratulating , who graduates from Rutgers Camden, er "Rowan" law school this afternoon!
THUNDER AND LIGHTENING!!!!!⚡☔
Seeing " magic johnson" as a trend and thinking it has to do with
Bitch nigkas have bitch tendencies, enough said.
Poland is in 5 days. Holy smokes. What am I doing?
I once read that printer ink as a liquid was more expensive than rocket fuel
Sister's shoulder stabing my ribs . O_O
I thought the color was off on my TV. Man that thing is loud... but I would totally wear it
#amwriting #rwa RT : So has anyone ever written a choose-your-own-adventure-style romance novel?
“Trust starts with truth and ends with truth.”
Duck duck nigga lmao Kevin hart
oh hai. I'll be changing it soon don't worry
Gonna miss y'all so much next year!
That's the only thing I want right now....
.... I hope so. I'd love to meet them before my birthday this year...
Sometimes nothing makes me happier than a meal consisting of only deep fried foods. It's the closest thing I've ever felt to true love.
Harry Potter vs. Twilight / Justin Bieber vs. Jonas Brothers / One Direction vs. The Wanted / ICONic Boyz vs. IaMmE.
CURVES ROCK!
Are you in Buffalo? Stop by our booth to learn about membership and check out our silent auction!
I'll call him & be like all manly & say : yooooo date bri okay bye lol
That tweet was sent seconds before I saw you outside the building.
nobody asked me? How do they get these numbers???
We all have a Shakira inside!!!! #SHEWOLF :P
I'm everyones good luck charm :p haha jk.
On a packed flight surrounded by people with raging colds <sigh>
Flag House staff will be participating in 's pledge drive tonight! Be sure to tune in, or call to say hi!
Hello! Did you still have the Honda Center tickets?
Yes, we only have lo-fi recordings, as of yet. A full-length is in the works, sounds roaring like waves, waiting to hit your shore.
SCANNER: 4-car crash on southbound 225 just south of I-70. At least one car disabled. Rescuers en route.
#WhatILoveMost a shower after the beach
#ImTheTypeOfPerson that wants to be better, do better and expects the same from everyone else.
Burn Notice Marathon. Yes. Please.
Why don't wireless providers throttle users that don't use data instead of those that do? What do they need speed for?
What all?
you keep me off drugs, so thank you. Ash Wednesday
iowa western >>>
Best of luck in the NFL Thanks for your time as a Badger.
Smile for today. And smile for tomorrow. Smile for it all, even the longing and the sorrow.
“: So Joni Burke just called the KAIOS party a dance .... Lmao” Hm
and finally, The raising of revenue for the support of this program was to come from the reduction of swollen fortunes from the top.
Ever sent a paperback book through the wash? Not an experience I wish on anyone.
#nowplaying Animal Collective's "Sung Tongs" album while catching up on reading news, articles, blogs, etc.
#GOA2011 Show floor just opened for the day. RT : day 2 of Graphics of the Americas
I wish I could share with you the circumstances of why I was excused from jury duty.
I doubt it. I think he would benefit more if Suggs were healthy
sorry steve jobs, I blame our intern for freaking out. want a fruit basket?
OK, I'm hiring for a Data Analyst in Boston. Email or DM me if interested
I think I should read fewer novels in the genre of "well written but nothing happens." Maybe a good thriller next time.
No women, no cry💚❤
Bring Back Ringer 9
m it's almost time for nighttime, the time when liberals all meet in dark rooms and try to turn our great country into a China.
Happy Monday! Network drive is down.
The Sky :)!haha just kidding get ready for School! You
..a levelling effect on society, eroding markers of difference + encouraging a civic-minded+mutual respect b/t cultures.
Sometimes Mike Conley is Isaiah Thomas and sometimes he's Mike Conley.
I am looking forward to reading your son's book.
Today is a wrap!! I still hear the fire alarm going off in head! Thought I was at a rave!
are you really?
Gotta find time to go to BN and buy my grandson.."GOOD NIGHT MOON" yes thats a family tradion bedtime story...lol
I think it's appropriate that my library school career will end with receiving advice about job interviews from a stuffed koala.
Do you find Cup4Cup is worth the price? How does it compare to other blends like King Arthur or Pamela's?
Trivia is hard tonight!
Editor consultation proves helpful...shutdown and reboot accomplished with no issues! whew!...dumping and dwnlds continue unabated
How u get into dat lol RT Finally i'm out of twitter jail smh lol
Attempting to quench my undying love of tex-mex with Sarah.
We haven't thought of it yet...
Stop posting pics of the jacked up lookin' tatts yall be gettin'. It's such a shame.
The world must know. Where can we buy our own pair of your awesome pink sneakers?
Just drove over the Georgia state line!
RT vannella: i dont even have a dog.... RT Everyone's in a relationship and I'm just sitting here like "...I love my dog....''
New Artists "pianobydave" has just joined SoloPiano.com!
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
riding a bike in the rain(: you?
Sunday Funday. Upcoming: DUBLIFE Wednesday, Party Rock'n Thursday Night w/ Dj Rye, GG Cherry Noir launch party Friday, Still Saturdays
Small break, started #reading "Amelia Rules! What Makes You Happy" #kidlit #graphicnovel It opens w/Valentine's Day! What are the chances?
trying to forget someone is like trying to remeber someone you have never met .
Ack! Just committed one of the deadly sins & replied to a discussion list instead of the individual.. sigh. In my defense, I was just added?
Thank you to all of our new followers!!!
I could not care less about Chelsea but *gulp* Loserpool has scored 3 times already? The heck is going on?? O_O
Don't ruin your questions by prefacing them with weak statements like, "I don't want to seem pushy, but . . .," or, "You might not want...
think you could download and burn the Ray J porno? I really wanna see what all the fuss was about.
Hi Federico! Thanks so much for the RT!!
Debate over America&#39;s appetite for cheap meat vs. public health concerns
So everyone get your 1933 throwback jersey this year!!!
Hope you enjoy the Yourcenar article. She's one of my favorite authors. In particular, her novel "The Abyss".
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor. ~Thich Nhat Hanh
Had some amazing photoshoots today! Excited to post pictures :-)
had a really sad experience yesterday... heard a really rough call... I admire how you guys do what you do...
Starting Jan. 9, you can borrow books from Howard University's libraries. ALADIN Catalog now has HU books, including health sciences & law.
#TeamPeeta or #TeamGale? I'm definitely
At the air port.. Flight leaves at 5:10.
Confession #2: Sometimes I just lock my bedroom door, and when someone asks what Im doing, I say "Im going to sleep." When Im really singing
So sick 😷
Biggest issue to signing #11 is $ Letang will be due. If they want to stay together, 11/87 must set precedent of taking less.
Let me know when you wanna take a break from plotting. Let's go to this week if you have time.
"Success doesn't come to you. You go to it." - Marva Collins
odd that the survey i received did not come with a sae, i have to find an envelope, write the address and go get a stamp to return it.
I miss my people... But I'm defiantly loving Boston.
Don't worry. They fall off at about 8 weeks. ;)
i love <3333
Had a great day with and the #Experis team at Lake Lanier today! Great team event!
PickUpLine: Ask: Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? (No.) Wink.
Woke up, Got dressed, opened the front door stepped outside n realized, no coffee in hand yikkes ran back and got my fix ..COFFEE
When makes fun of me when I hit my
Like the idea of creating virtual opportunities for more members to be included!
Who Sheet on the Sheets? Speaking of shit, the White Sox R playing like Sheet! It's Minn Twinkies 3 Chicago White Sox 1 WTF Chuck???
Planning to go to LA on the 17th of July so my bf can show me how they do it in Cali :)
Go USA Hockey!!!!!
I hope the special shapes balloons will arrive in time for the Balloon Fiesta. It would be kind sad without them.
puttin the bass in it RT : the next stop is the east side motel
Playing "Touch and Go" with today at 4:40 pm in Times Square!
New iPod..Let's not drop this one in a fucking sink, -.-
Sharing with my soeur - her French is advanced enough to understand almost all of it!
To my new & old followers if your not following then your wasting your time on twitter!!
You are so gorgeous.<3
Library Bill of Rights. Freedom inquiry access advocacy openness.
"Bowling Alone" like only human bowling on the lanes alone. Here's hoping can hook herself out of traffic soon.
you would
what hilarity am I missing? Being in the Dallas market, I'm getting the Derek Harper show.
I want to go out!
OH YOU KNOW WHATS STUPID MY VPN CLIENT ON THE MAC
Are you interested in cozies?
will tix be available at the door tonight?
But they'll play their best game against UK.
Thanks For braving the cold weather Metro Center Ficellenians! See you next week!
yea man! Wish you were coming. Golf and drinks are overdue btw
Of the last 36 hours of my life, I have worked during 18 of them. Now I can sit =D
It's so hot in New York !! I need to hit the beach stat
Join alums for "Sunday with Monet" on March 4 at Call 244-4871 for info. Tour, reception, presentation.
RT : Tonight we spotlight Genevieve Sangudi, MD Carlyle Group, who'll receive the Distinguished Alumni Award at
FINALLY finished my biology project.
Who's coming to our show Nov 28th @ Hi-Fi? We're sharing the stage with The Devize Want to hear more new Rosella? We'll be waiting for you
Well what are you going to do when you wear a tuxedo! You need to know how to tie a bowtie!
I know but still related piece
i bet they will do it while im in school
Anyone seen the new #iPhone4s commercial w/ ? I have 1 question why is MY #Siri so retarded- I mean challenged? #tradeyou Lol
wake up! Lol
Yes I do!
Thank you, and I am following you. (MaSalam Alaikim, or AhlSalam Alaikim in Egypt? Mostly the latter in Kuwait 25 yrs ago)
Preparing for the "Abby". Picture's up!
paper mag huh? You guys are keepin it hip...
Only ONE hour and TWENTY minutes till show time at the ! Get there early for seats and drink specials!!
Comical to see all you grizzled NFL writers trying to fathom the Tebow story that is about so much more than winning games
Am getting ready for my three softball games. Need to lead stretches, take team photo, develop our Serene Green FB page, to generate fans!
Then why doesn't she run for the white house
Let's keep it really real. Really. Hope u have a chance to check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Really. Best & success.
VAY CAY SHUUUUUUNNNN has officially began!!!! Soon I'll be in cbus!!!!
Being hella crazy and dancing (: let's FaceTime !!?
you're pretty talented if you can tweet whilst your hands are in your pocket I give you props fizzy
not tonight, but could do geek lunch with if you're around downtown tomorrow… I always trust for introductions.
Strong minds suffer without complaining; weak minds complain without suffering.
I have found my <3, as u will 2 my bro~much luv & xoxo. U WILL GET THRU THIS, I DID~when u nvr expect it dear friend. Trust me;)
not man enough to go noodling don't care to put my arm in holes under water not knowing what is in them LOL
We're playing at tonight with Baby Tears and The Fucking Party! How could you not want to see those bands?
After all these years sponge bob is still hilarious to me
*drags you* biatch!
Yeah, I KNOW!
When I post a link to 1 of my Etsy items, I immediately get ~ 10 views. But I wonder if people are actually clicking on the link for real?
just got in from a Saturday night hit. Was fun hitting with Johnnie Miller (keys) again. Going to shut it down. Got church and gig 2morrow!
cheers - it was good to met you too! See you in Cyprus perhaps.
Of Rocky, Rambo and the Rookie - IlliniHQ
Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are.
that's ok we had 2 beers down by 6am
Who are you looking for big things out of today? I think Matt Cassel and Dwayne Bowe may show up big. Hightower for AZ could put up big
Praying. Hope she's ok. RT : Sister Julie heading for hospital basement in Lexington KY
I don't know what Sheldon was thinking, that sounds like a delicious dinner to us!
Doing my MIL's taxes today. Joy.
a muffin, a really good cup of coffee, and two Advil. ;)
Let's go federer!!
Guess I ate to much cotton candy
inhouse or agency? RT : Q5 What other skills do you feel are important to breaking out into the SEO world?
AND U KNO IT SIS IM ON DA EDGE OF MY SEAT DEY NEED TO GONE CLOSE DIZ YUNG NI66AZ OUT
Thanks for your follow. It means a great deal to me!
Got wonderful presents for Christmas, thank you to my wonderful family! So excited to use my new backpack! Yeah buddy
I love to see & hear about the community based work that the players do during All Star week
Goldman Sachs cut its forecast for U.S. second-quarter growth to 1.5% from 2%, citing weak consumer spending. Not great for
"Ugh, not another booty call." - girl, "What? No, I just need my treasure" - pirate
Bought iPhoto & wish I could try. Servers: "Unable to Check for Update" for hours, so can't get iOS update in order to install.
Learning about Leveraging Strategic Partnerships.
waddup bro everything good?
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge.~Eckhart Tolle
RT Just Watched that soulja boy movie on netflix lol, looks like they recorded it with a Flip Phone
Lavender cupcakes and flowers are what May Day in Seattle SHOULD be about :)
Heres what scares me: cam newton is too similar to vince young, hes a man amongst boys, hes the blake griffin beast of his sport
Please contact us at christian.g.zabriskie at gmail dot com.
Awesome!!! which 70.3 and how did it go??
There is a hottie sitting beside me woof!!
thank you so much ! I really enjoy painting them :)
i wish would preform at Santa Ana
Great day of shredding in May. Can't ride a chair lift in Montana in May. 1 of the plus things about Oregon.
But Haters stay~ RT : In this business, friends will come and go. The ones that go were never friends in the first place
I was a cadet at an all-white southern military school. It gave me a quality 19th cen. education. The most important lesson?
your gorgeous :D
I like women who look like they were beautiful in the seventies but now they're just angry
A guys just said he saw me perform before and love the show. He is a server for the event. YES!! I have the staff on my side!
im at wit my daughter at her dance class..baby mamas everywhere!...lol..
so I am the real Jamaican but we also have miss who represents for us as well #respect!
When you're gone the only thing is moving on and remembering what's left of memories.
Very sad I can't watch Sixers/Celtics, but I'll live tweet what I assume is happening. Rondo is killing it, Sixers taking awful jump shots
Brain Floss: A "Time Magazine Survey" said 59% of Americans would rather sit in a Dentist's chair than next to someone on a cell phone.
What am I in the mood for tho?
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
cops were looking for a stolen silver civic looking vehicle that did something bad around 9-10 AM
me to!
“One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.” Josh Billings
Im still under the impression that is going to date me...but seriously
See you there!
Ovah!!! USA USA USA
Haha got you fam RT : s/o to for the brew at the last minute really came through tho lol
Don't explain yourself to anyone. Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it."
#IThankGod every night, because he wakes me up every morning.
fixed up and cleaned off commuter bike is making me feel
“We can’t just cut our way to prosperity” President Obama on tax cuts for the wealthy Americans and cuts to funding in areas like
What the what. You can get liquor at cvs, all night??? I found the mother land. My people!!
Might go job hunting for a part-time job again today
more temptation: want some easter chocolate?
Every program has at least two purposes; the one for which it was written, and another for which it wasn't. ~ Alan J. Perlis
YES. let's arrange a girls club night like old times or AT LEAST come for Hoboken nights with Donna!
SHOOTS OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS...!!!
Whenever... DM me ur number anyways man.
Dunno. They are a sales company, not an engineering company. Shiny graphs that makes bigwigs look important. Hate hate hate.
;-) Perfect example of "show, don't tell".
Sprayed a spider that was on my ceiling with sink cleaner & that thing dropped like a kamikaze. I'm out of there hahaha
get a hold of me if you are looking to purchase a CD!
what you doing babes x
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT >> !! I WILL BE DELETING THIS ONE SOON!!!
I like to stir the pot! By their the pot, I mean crash the party of course.
Paseo Del Norte & I-25 improvement project will go to the voters. No date for vote determined yet.
Well, it's great to see the Bozo Show is back in Chicago. And when I say Bozo, I mean Theo and Ricketts! Not hiring Ryno huge mistake!!!!
idk how to block you via cell phone but when I get home I will do it.fuck you I have never hated someone in my life so much
Mink Sundays 21+ No Cover Relaxed but clean dress 903 E Bitters NO COVER!!
Chris Rock just earned tonight's Oscar MVP award.
thanks for checking it out at least! if you know anyone who might dig it feel free to share it tho :D have a great day!
All things William Bradford Huie.
Are you stocking up on products during #DoublePointsWeekend? Now thru Sun get 2x the #PurePrivilege points on all your purchases!
Fair enough...
Fine. I'll give it one more week
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Good talks about tile rendering technologies from
Ah, got it! It's good to connect- let me know if you need anything or have questions!
Sometimes it's hard to read long blogs after writing in 140 character segments for a block of time. :0)
cell bandwidth is pretty much maxed out here. not much more out of me today. that lolla app sponsor is getting some awesome roi.
Money Monday will be shooting a segment on us tomorrow. We are so grateful for the opportunity & will keep you posted on air date.
I'm making you my business manager.
Students: Please bring your textbooks to class tomorrow. They need to be signed in & shelved.
Cosentino: Practice. Top students do 30 practice cases and have read 40 before getting jobs at McK, BCG and Bain
At 4 I'll release myself from the study cave to exercise and shower, only to return to the study cave.
“: Just got up to go get dresses...str8 up dropped .Cant walk #werdnot” you're buying your prom dresses too?!
Yeppers, awesome night :) ...except for trying to figure out how to pay for at least 8 years of med school :L
Hung over but totally worth it. Awesome time on Saturday with my best friends and my partner.
For those of you that have standard visitation this month will have a 1,3 and 5th weekend. Meaning you get 2 weekends back to back.
text me babe
Been a long day - but pumped to be in Austin for the Austin GovUp.
Recruiting Rankings outside the top 20 teams are like Self Labeled Experts preseason projections....absolutely worthless
In search of Black Professional Orgs in Chicago...
I Want You Back ,, HA NOT.
2 tests down, 1 to go.
I could not agree more. They should already know how to play.
There are 2 kinds of creepers. Theres old man who watch girls... Than theyres .
Have one for me - wish I could be there!
already did!
He seems like hoot! So meeting him would make my day for sure!
Red, white, blues in the sky, summer's in the air baby, heaven's in your eyes.
FOLLOW PLEASE!!!
I'll go over later and take u chocolate ! 😳I'm sorry it sick
tweet: blogblackmiami Vereen is speaking quite well.
Weather is so crazy that both Lake Shore Drive and Wrigley Field are trending right now.
HOLY SHIT IS THE NYC CONCERT SOLD OUT ALREADY
Love passing out on school field trips.
awww he does!?
Same lady who was dissing Charlotte thought Freedom Park was in the hood. SMH.
Last night in Vegas. HELLO Albuturkey.
T-minus 26 minutes until booze slurping time
Thanks H! You too!
I love Modern Family.
#Foxtrot Extracts, Translates, and Loads data for seamless automation of unstructured MEDITECH conversions, reports, and dictionary updates.
Dont have the heart to unfriend my mom on FB, so I deactivated my account. Only for a little while though. Email me
Why cheat that makes u look weak... I stole this ^.^ but its the truth .
I'm trying to get the Max Payne 3 Let's Play intro done by tomorrow. Hopefully it would look good in power point.
I'm so tired
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. ~ Pat Riley
30 Second To Mars- Closer to The BOHH
Hiding at work.
Ha, I'm hella moded! It right, just chkd it & responded. LOL ops, my bad cuz
Will be in St. Maarten one month from today!
Thank you:) Sorry none of my replies went through... Using a new app now though. Hope to be back in life soon.
Man Rousey is incredible your a world class grappler what do u think of Rondas grappling skills?
In class- Teacher: It's 11:10 but I'm giving u 1more minute to submit your work... its 11:11! Me: You know what that means(; Boy: Not again!
Happy New Year Aplin Familyj World Wide Hello to th AWSOME NUMBER ! DICK LARK! Every one Tweet a Happy New Year to Dick.
Don't let one lie control your life!
Our next $1,000 unsigned artist showcase will be on Feb 21! Wait till you see what we have in store. For info on the event: 347 249 9441
Come say hi at Blu on the 23rd floor of the tonight... we have a sweet treat in store!
This time I get to watch a protest from the "employed" perspective. Gotta work today, but I send my support & energy! Get em, 99ers
It is a great time to buy in Las Vegas!!!!
laying in bed.....in pain...can't move my leg....out of pills.
You may see a faster response and better experience to just tell the user. Have them give credit or take it down.
I love you SO much, you're my idol, I admire you =)
Didn't think orientation would've been that long.
Two of my four (soon to be 5) grand daughters
SEA TO DCA sad to bid adieu to Seattle and #c4l12 it was lovely.
Hope stop raining when I'm done at the shop
Watching C.A. right now, and i'm white as casper the ghost! You are a woman of a certain age, start acting it!
Gettinf REALLY stressed out right now from rl matters... <=(
oh dear lord...please tell me that is Vinnie's?!
Headed to find #Roc's Eco Park to drop off this dead microwave that has been sitting in my living room for roughly a month now...
lol...my son grabs the fries b4 the napkin can go on.
Sometimes I just want a
Daddy's money and palace. Daddy was clearly the Sugamomma. Belle got her own.
Don't you hate when you get that one text where you're just like, "How the hell do I reply to this?"
and what are your thoughts on plural marriage?
Staying light out longer works better for those of us who hate getting up in the A.M. Thanks daylight saving!!
There is no such thing as a mistake as long as you learn a good lesson from it.
#Indiana offered a scholarship to Eric Gordon's brother ....he is in 8th grade.
trying not to be two serious :)RT: Sounds serious. RT: Sean from outside Detroit, learning about XML this week
me too. And 24 in two days 😊
Intro to Kundalini Yoga this Sunday the 15th Arabi. Join Steph at 6 pm to explore the benefits of the #KundaliniYoga style.
great tweet!
wants a Mcflurry...
I'm trying to be thankful that I'm his friend but idk..
Fill in the blank! Nothing gets me motivated more than _______.
heard some 2 yr/old-sounding clips on radio. no, I don't miss tv! ("it's my turn to talk" "you're wrong" "it's my turn" etc)
You can't build a worker for 6 months then decide they aren't ready and swerve. They were stuck & they failed.
now that's what I called prepared!
#FF Follow this New Englander sports loving guy with an ass that won't quit
Great dinner! RT : great to see everyone! Cheers!
You say you like guys with great personalities, well I've got 4 of them, so you're gonna love me.
Yolo is the stupidest saying ever
Every night before bed, getting up and running at 7am sounds like a fantastic idea. And then the alarm goes off...
please shop at Gelsons & Stater bros if their is a strike! Good / Fair employers!!
anyone listening to us on Spotify?
Send quote to a friend. George Bernard Shaw
RT : In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Bill Cosby
which one?
that's a great photo of the moon! Super zoom lens?
I need to sleep...
I think there's a special section for bladers
I wish I didn't live in Las Vegas /;
ha! You are geeked about fireworks lol. And random...but were you on the jumbotron??
DRUG EFFECTS ON HUMAN SEXUAL BEHAVIOR - ...
Been quiet on the Twitter front, but only because I've been busy. Commercial as well as some pro-bono clients. Details to come soon!
Swag on Lou, Niall by the fire and he's eating fondue, Harry knws bout me, Liam knows about yu, say hello to DJ Malik in 3,2, flick. ♥
Ready to smash this fucking finance final
Wow. 5 TD's in first half - NFL record. Gronk continues his dominance. This is a different Patriot team
Phone died while i was waiting on my boss to call back<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
We finally have plums on our plum tree!
Remember Albert's Jewelers? They had the commercials on TV with the old man looking into the camera going "SEE YOU AT ALBERTS!"
LIVING ON A PRAYER
You love those movies don't you? :)
Today's lectures will be on the problem of slavery; and one on European colonization in the New World (mostly Spain and France)
Going to get my makeup done at Mac!!!
RT : That is the last time I buy a rocket on eBay.
The sad thing is, I actually thought you were different.
When i move you move, just like that CLASSIC LOL
The difference between the Pope and your boss. The Pope only expects you to kiss his ring.
RT : Vegan hair smoothing treatment on Botanically based, good for pregnant women. 20% off w/code ljmom...
im chillin bro can complain
I hate it when females are stuck up what the fuck are u mad about damn?
Bar Owners:You have 10 reps to worry about. I have 150 bars to worry about. No I didnt forget your buckets,your #96 on my things to do list
follow back
I like Butler's move to the A-10. It will make them more visible in the east and expand their recruiting ground.
Had angst-y dreams about teaching & writing. Thus, this morning I feel like I've already worked for hours :-/ Maybe walking Grover will help
Sources indicate #Facebook #IPO already oversubscribed, based on road show success. IPO #valuation could be greater than first anticipated.
follow me
can you imagine if had done that? I remember when we were in kenosha last year. my ears exploded
I might see you at the airport. But anyways, let me know if you want to play basketball.
Today is beautiful
Being a vampire used to be awkward, scary, and at times stressful... Then twilight came out.
Can't wait until May and June! Its going to be crackin!!
I hear ya J!
Next up will be the 2009 Tony Award Winner God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza. This will be co-produced with Kansas City Actors Theatre.
I'm buying Lauren a pool tomorrow
. asks Fletcher about his switch from the GOP to an independent.
Watching Nick Cannon on Comedy Central.... Say wat ya'll wanna I like it!! HA! So, THERE!! Yea, I SAID IT!!!! lol
69° at 9 in the morning! Gonna be a great fall day in Milwaukee!
loan mods and real estate investing , freaking out...work...
good point. Also I think it's time for Dantoni to go. It crazy that they were better before the Melo trade.
or you could just tickle me anyways. Coz I'm awesome.
Just cause a Guy gives you a little bit of Attention, Dont mean he Like you.
Lay off Mitt Romney, liberals. All he was doing in prep school was trying to Etch a Letch.
Glad you like it! Yes, teas are on hiatus for 2012.
😊hope your happy
Church had such a good message I'm just gonna stay for the second service!
SO jealous! Have fun!!😃
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
I understand honesty, but he is now encouragaing others to vote 4 RS over Newt & Perry. Not good.
The Speaker is doing everything he can do to skip over Bob Marshall from speaking!
"Set the gearshift for the high gear of your soul, you gotta run like an antelope out of control"
happy everything to everyone!
wondering if my neighbor is doing trick-or-beer again this year?
thats a lie beyond lies .
Anybody have notes from the GIS session on Sat?
Sick and irritated = Nikki flipping some damn tables!
The killer Spurs beat the slumping Knicks 101 - 92
He pissed me off for the first time today , but said the very thing he needed to say <3
b2c Sales vs. Marketing as the lead -- depends on the product. Retail operations are often the first line
My new web site will be ready this week Chefyoni.com
Having been to Stubbs and Iron Works, Stubbs has a bit more atmosphere!
thanks for your purchase! we usually do not do ticket giveaways for the weekend shows - but you never know! keep an eye out
Welcome to Twitter! Well you got it if you were referring to a Twitter account..
that was horrible.. Ohmygod.
Wish some things were different but I guess you just have to live your life and hope for the best
Finding that living in "Einstein Time" breeds lots of creativity. Feeling that you always have enough time allows creative flow to expand.
Hey there is a new dead line 2/19/12 (:
Happy to provide some comps for hotel guests, too, if you can use them. Sophisticated music lovers will not be disappointed!
#BackInElementarySchool I was such a fat, ugly ass nigga with the ugliest hair of life D:
“ Sometimes u have to be with wrong person, in order to appreciate the right one”
fashooo i'm down..wuts good with the nwi team, u playing with them?
I have went against a lot of greats and always gave a good challenge but in tired of being the underrated one I want to be #1 the best
Perhaps it's time for a Pogue's Elements of Tech Style? Strunk & White is 50 after all.
Harbaugh is awesome!! Serious balls to run that play.
love yu to
maybe you have a good point on that one. Tabata and McCutheb were good, young talent
Why can't I vote online for the French 2012 Presidential Elections?
Use hold fast hangers in your camper, boat, or RV
Adams Poway Bath Remodel is offering 20% off to Diversity Platinum members on a full bathroom remodel!!!!
shut yo pie hole big claps
been battling a headache all day. time for oblivion.
Am a big fan of ! Actors, if you don't already have an account...sign up for one now!
dat rock. he got grills nowww.
The books are better the movie does a pretty decent job actually
TRUTH aka Ciroc day, aka Patron day, aka hang out with fine ass women like day lol
you are welcome and your sculpture is amazing : )
23 hour day today. good luck getting to church on time yal!
PAID SEARCH MARKETING SPECIALIST PPC (Portland, OR ...
Have you downloaded "Torches" for free from our bandpage yet? Check it out!
Thanks for helping! RT : I had a blast at the #Milwaukee99. Thanks for putting on such a great show!
If you like Golf and Baseball today is as good as it gets! Masters has Tiger & Rory going at it until 7PM. Tonight Red Sox vs Yankees
that is true. moving up in the world, i suppose ;) oh LA... so small yet so big. or are we just spoiled?
Don't be scared of Moo, she's nice. Despite the blueness of hair. She makes blueberry flavored milk. {Wiggles brow} Yum!
well done, sirs.
lol yeah, I would wear like mid-thigh jean shorts from AE, and a 1D shirt and sperrys probably. Lol, I go casual.
RT My aunt and her kids live next door to us and both sides of the house are blasting music lmao
Bucky you need to do a show at Red Rocks in Colorado.
hey love! are you back in jackson yet? :)
RT follow this man : what's good I'm trying get famous too
Back to the black hair, about time.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers. Rudyard Kipling
i love your hair Omni
Cool video! Love the tiger.
for real I had to drink alot of water and that USound dr was pressing all on my Bladder SMDH! And she got gel in my bellybutton
The Brewers will turn this around soon, I promise and this needs to wake up the lagging players that every at-bat is vital.
oh shit I just realized I need to redownload the app since I recently had to restore my ipod. Gimmee a few sex
Last nights hacker seems to have caused me to lose a lot of followers. But at least he/she is gone. Sorry again, for the annoyance.
hey I know this guy and his cousin's friend's goldfish died. Can I get a RT for support?
We hope you are out taking advantage of such lovely weather. Our neighborhood sure looks good on a day like today.
hey bella nice to meet u iam a muslam belieber <3 #muchlove i followed u
Oh my god
Sorry, pal. We should know better than to joke about pancakes.
Hmm. That's not enough info. What's the conference about? And what would I be talking about?
I am really glad I'm the President of National English Honor Society and not Public Relations "Gelast sceal mid are" ;)
applying for 4 jobs this weekend....maybe i'll finally get hired
McBride is awsome dont know how those guys can handle the pain i could not
All these guys seem to do is try to get something (anything, apparently!) for FREE. Sad.
jack's hair just totALly made my day 100% better. yep.
UCLA. I start March 29 as Director of Library Special Collections there.
Sportscasters, you will sound stupid if you call them the New York Football Giants.
I dig your style man. Keep it up.
Real Recognize Real !!!!
Being so hurt where you actually feel your heart hurting. <
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
OK now I'm really gonna lay down n attempt sleep. These 22 hour days can't be good for me.
I really wish I could piss on people and sleep at night but I'm too righteous for that!! My conscientious would kill me...
Crew is on the road to ! Playing at the frat before the football game!
thanks for the love!!!
You know it babe!
Mission impossible
ABP loves COLORADO
sweet sweet sweet Pennsylvania Spring time Sunshine.... are you jealous Seattle? I would be :-)
“: Before I die I want to meet Josh Hutcherson.”
My ear hurts ;p
Johnny, Thanks for the follow, and info on Film Lobby. I'll check it out. Cheers!
I really wanted to meet you and your adorable dog last night in chicago!
I'm hungry u should get me a pizza a 3 meat one from yo jobs cause ain't noboby cook please and thanks bro
That grosses me out more. I'm a vegan.
Coffeemakergirl knows three languages so that's pretty awesome!
We need 4 hugs a day for survival. We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance. We need 12 hugs a day for growth. -Virginia Satir
Just now leaving babe's house, Thank #God for the #Miracle healing& that she feels better. Time to take this crosstown bus ride now, *yawns*
Driving home from Downtown LA. overcast but a very chill feelin day
says, don't wait for others. Engage with them first. Be creative. My nephew asked me why I post questions on #FB often
Nothing to do. Quiet house. I need something to do.
#BestAlbumEver Suicidal Tendencies' self-titled 1983 album. "All I wanted was a #Pepsi. Just one #Pepsi."
I don't have the gas to :( wahhh
I love and her music <3
Saturday and Sunday are suppose to hit 72. Anyone want have a Sunday Funday? A.K.A Kickball? Baseball? Flag Football? Basketball? Crochet?
your welcome
everyone follow
does anybody else agree that the restrooms at casa de fruta should be called casa de pee pee? or am i alone on that one?
I don't know who or what Kony is but I guarantee it's not as important as everyone is makin' it seem. I know I should look it up but, no.
watching a repeat of chopped...I really think they should've let you thru the next round!!
Yes, and you're also going to want to rip your hair out.
Some coldstone sounds amazing right about now:P
Humm ... What is your blogs name? Can we see sum of your work?
heading to 2nite for #beatresearch ft. & fam-if you were for #PicoPicante you need to come down
even to the states!!?
I can't breath when you talk to me,i can't breath when you talk to me_
what u think was going to happen when u that cute lol
Blood red moon tonight. Must be the end of the world.
I cannot get enough of Mark Twain right now. I can't believe it took me this long to get into his work!
You are awesome. Just thought I would tell you.
is the site live yet?
I'm strangely very okay with this.
I don't know why guys like boobs, which are all fat, but when a girl is overweight, they can't accept her.
Bout To Take Me A Nap For Tonight .
First time doing this wizard. Wish me luck!
Good night world...
Okay. Just need to maneuver!
ill be there next month we better see eachother !
yall are garbage
never should have involved myself in this!
Is that your chin?? lol
Your Welcome! Thanks for the S/O!!
I wouldn't go that far. It's not THAT nice.
You need to get your mind right.. Do not come over uninvited an sit in someones house, your officially a stalker
Make your New Year a Prosperous Year.
Have a Super Sensational Sunday......SPREAD LOVE
"Dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth"
#DWCdc student and parents are enjoying campus. Many have commented on the beauty and Safty of the campus!
Idk why but I'm so jolly right now 😃
...protesters. Responsibility for things happening in police actions fall with police.
hey bro, u mind if I repost your sessions bid to Facebook?
lalala follow us please(:
cj and Amanda Blount ...they are awesome
Oh, sorry! ScanTailor doesn't detect rotation. I'll try to find the one I'm thinking of.
5 hour nap time...
lmao, nahh i was just smiling and laughing at them!
Been working as an academic librarian exactly 1 yr. today. I'm still in one piece and love my job (mostly).
Zambia Commodities Exchange Expected to Resume Trade in May - BusinessWeek
Who needs tickets for April 27th with Affiance, Hawthorne Heights, The Plot In You and more??
Excited to meet with tonight to discuss engagement/wedding photos! Any words of wisdom?
11:11 I wished to meet you
I'm so excited I can drive now 
I licked the silver spoon, drank from the golden cup and smoked the finest green.
Anybody else getting followed by spammy slot machine companies recently? Clearly they haven't seen my bank account.
Where the Cancer's at?! ♋ -Stephanie😜
Good luck!
Sweet! Thanks Meagan.
There's been a disaster and the phones lines are very jammed.
Kindle and PSP going tonight, plus more! Bid Packages start at just $7.50!
Amen! RT : thank god for hockey, beer, and country music.
L-tryptaphan kicking in...must...reach...couch...
Happy #Valentine's Day everyone!
Headed to the for game 6. Time to end this thing.
Music takeover
Trying to get enough sleep b4 my overnight shift. Forcing myself to sleep when I'm not tired really sucks..
How do they go from -no I don't have to pee to oh my gosh if we don't stop right now I will pee all over the car- in 3 seconds flat?
Roid Era, possible bias against him by voters?
Supporting a client through a media interview on how Girl Scouts shaped her entrepreneurial spirit. I love these stories!
I just wanna see you strip
One of the favorites, Bodemeister, draws no. 6.
RT RT : Blackberry's #tacky<<< why don't u go #Killyoself ... I'm sure yall prolly hav an app for that
Valentines day is a disaster waiting to happen.
#yougottaberealspecial to fumble the ball twice. Way to go Kerry Collins. Go back to retirement.
well thats good!
I agree. Taste was not in question, facts and journalistic integrity were. Give us a shout next time if you...
We're growing.....get ready!!!
where u been mah dude ?
Excellent choice!
M girl I'm ALWAYS right lol
Only #Whitney can disrupt negative media for almost 4 hrs...now that's GOD!
c ya Monday #get your butt home
"Two weeks for me to fall in love with you":')
things come together.
Overheard: "I'm the private chef for Stephen Colbert's lawyer."
Serious question, Is #14 on uwm a girl or tranny?
Again the has of a pool of all WORM's (White Old Rich Men) to choose from for president...not much has changed in the last 70 yrs
Guy at the Keith Jarrett concert tonight: "Play the colon concert!" Keith Jarrett: "Did you just ask me to play the colon concert?"
You're thorough!
Same argument I made at an Invisible Children screening three years ago
Wait, Whitney takes place in Chicago?! Wait, I'm watching Whitney?!
I prolly got shit coming for fucking my homeboys woman and I don't know why I did that .. That's why relationships can miss me ....
Not too late to put that baby in reverse and pick up the legend Ricketts and kicked to the curb: Ryno!
#FollowHeffrondrive or Die. It's that simple.
Haha, oh I bet it is. I'll let you enjoy the show tonight. :) Tweet ya again later. :)
First day back to school jammn to #WZRD. . . Def was a springbreak to remember
I am so proud of for winning freshman county! Haha we're
VEE response has been great. Very busy. :) Your practice looks very high-tech. Do you have a TRS 5100?
well I guess we will have to see
Oh my god oh my god. Lakers let's go!!!!
follow me <3
Norms routinely dissolve the thickness of experience.
try drinking a small amount of viniger
You're trying to make me jealous. But if I'm at the gym with you I already have #EyeCandy win-win. ;)
Never thought about it. Maybe. :D
Twitter threatened with lawsuit by Israeli law ctr for allegedly 'aiding' terrorist groups, al-shabaab, Hezbollah via Kevin Flower
At the #craftspokenhere reception celebrating #contemporarycraft. Everyone looks amazing!
Teen Wolf comes back in June :D
hey, I've been meaning to ask, do u like guacamole?
kinda creepy
oh sheet, good for you! in quite jealous >.>
:thank you!
Hey fellow Redsox Fans! This was bound to happen... is at the game right now.
Free Intro Night--Create a 1 yr breakthrough in only 3 months!! Rsvp email .
nice dress!
: some years more successfully than others... "Always knew tours controlled the weather."
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman. ~ Doug Larson
Still feel so ill! But can't wait to see my princess later
Thanks!! I might encourage my family to pick up on this tradition too LOL i doubt they would tho! ;)
Excited to be starting with a new drum student tonight. I learn just as much by teaching.
Thank you so much! You're the best :)
#ThingsHoodRatsLove Bad Weaves. [¡-¡]
1/4 of the way done with grad school: officially a quarter librarian!
RT You know you are an addict when you are recovering from a marathon and searching for more races hahahaha
I will just make the kissy face with my fingers while Brock hums Celine Dion's my heart will go on
Thank you for being patient with me. I appreciate it. This weekend, I am taking out the lady. Trying to play tonight.
Drose acting a complete as.
Beautifully said
Hear ye hear ye my twitter massacre his begun I'm going to be going twitter wild for the next couple of weeks …Fuego out
Good Morning Latina Trailblazers! Opening session of the Latina Leadership conference begins w/ AMAZING Latina Trailblazer panel
you know it man, likewise! Cheers:)
I like to pretend I still use RSS with over 1,200+ subscriptions in but twitter and fb usually comes first.
.______. Y'all are so mean to him
is that a fridge next to your fireplace?
"TRAIN WRECK" is now on ITUNES!!!
Mimosa and a blow out!
me too!
Never. Ever never.
haha I'm gonna survive
Replacement laptop has arrived. Thank God for IT.
All construction jobs are temporary no matter the work site. Private contractors run the project. So, you make perfect sense.
RT Breaking news: the news has broke!// I swear I didn't touch it!
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise
tucked?! Lol yea but we get out June 8th
Congratulations on your #LPGA Women's British Open victory! We look forward to seeing you at the 2010 Safeway Classic!
I have no excuse. I'm waiting for Amber's hair to be done too...what?
If I knew this was how it was gonna be, I would have been gone right at the beginning of you and me.
Keep head buried firmly in sand until forced to acknowledge existence of social media.
that is badass... i love it!!
cuz like if u like hang out with them nd they will make fun of u nd mocking u i hate them nd i dont hang out them
Malcolm Brown of takes the mic to explain Learning Analytics (& terminology creep).
and it's a dogs world
I miss #Jeremy #bonnie #caroline and #tyler when will they appear again? =(
yep. Oh and a whole bunch of veggies.
Know your self worth and you recieve all that you desire in life.
Notice me please <3
☆ "You don't have to be afraid to put your dreams in action." ☆
I need to go to bed lol. That one hurt, gotta sleep it off
RT : Who's talking about you online? It takes seconds to make or break your reputation on the web; protect it accordingly!...
poke back! We will for sure!
Looking for a PR contact. Please contact us.
Best part of the pub crawl- Jeb at Pix Patisserie pulling out a bullhorn while I'm singing Happy Birthday to a woman through mine
how are you? <3 WE LOVE YOU.
whats the point of living when what your living for isn't there for you anymore. It's like there a whole new person.
Only yu can be yu, only i can be me :) <3
will you be showing the coaches on the bench, or standing up giving directions to players?
Didn't it hurt when you fell from heaven?
RT : #alecexposed #alecwatch Are corps writing off ALEC activities as "charitable donations?" Just wondering. RT'ing this.
please follow me :) i love you !!! <3
that last tweet was an ex pic lmao
Follow me, I follow you. Unfollow me, I do that too!
Minnesota fishing opener now less likely to be moved up a week as MN Senate doesn't have the votes. live on KSTP-TV at 6pm.
lets go J-HEY…..
this should be epic
if your band magically turned into the spice girls who would everyone be ??
I was in stress lately. But I am fine now. Thanks! How about you Kuya?
I just want to let you know you have amazing talent, and don't let the haters get in your way. We Mahomies got ur back :) Ily!
so Im making today my weekend after 7 monumentally stressful days, heres to sucking it up & spending time with family, im almost home too <3
First post baby run!
Happy Thursday! Just starting with a big hello. I will attach a picture later.
We had a great kickoff event today at the park. Lots of interest from the residents on going green. Are you Brian's son?
Ow! Cat just scratched me..i have the craziest cat ever! It has the weirdest mood swings its so friendly & then so mean out of no whr!
Wes made me depart :(
Some days, I wish I could run the whole darn catalog through Google Refine. Today is one of those days.
The tallent show is bouta be funny af this year
Seeing toxin tonight with !! :)
Merry. Christmas Eve. We are here for you 9AM-6PM for all your holiday gifts & everything on SALE. Come on in shop, support, & SAVE!
Excellent NFL preview section today by and others in today's paper - one of the best I have read. Buy yourself a copy.
Really, what should I do when I want to offer a woman my seat on the subway and I can't tell if she's pregnant or just heavy?
Great to see is now making you exercise to travel in and out LAX.
1D Own Our Hearts :)
Top of the lineup due for LA. Gordon,Ellis & Kemp
The problem is our people vote on the basis of caste and religion not on the basis of honesty and development.
Helping Salish Sea Expeditions and Odyssey map their scientific data. Framework is in place www.maps4kids.com/odyssey/BIMap.html
yeah I'll hit u up if I get one
haha! Love it.
Pleasantly exhausted after a full day of fun & swimming at#countryspringshotel #funtimes :)
I was born ready
Neva waiste your time cause you'll neva get it back. #real T
They started selling Medalla in SoFL last month - You can get it at Craft Beer Happy Hour for sure 2x1 ;)
First day of insanity.
#FF all the amazing hayniacs :D
is killing it at the knitting factory!
It's apparent to win a Comedy Award you must have a beard and hipster glasses, oh and be white of course.
“: My sister is my best friend #YallBeJealous ” - thank God your mother raised you well....
and I (well, mainly Solon) have some thoughts about what makes that online creepy feeling so...creepy...
oh hell I asked for ice cream so now I have to bring the goods ..Lmfao y'all suck
Andy Van Slyke's son was called up by the Dodgers. Does that mean I'm old?
hes not on :P
Gottlieb: Bell officials were completely unrepentant. Mtg went on for 4 hours.
Giovanni needs to leave lmao
Archiving in #SeeSaw? @
Enjoy the rest of your unexpected day off!
Saturday school with the 6th grader. I'm the only parent here and it is AWESOME b/c he is SO EMBARRASSED! Muhahaha!
wow... Rooting against Wash, you really are coming back
I love you bus tweets. Makes me feel like I'm in college again.
Security Tip: Prevent employee theft - investigate all losses, even minor ones, at once. Most embezzlers start with small thefts.
Ha!ha!
Will there be an action (in Indy) relating to Shut Down Corporations?
going to shower and then sleep
Of course! You're a cause after our own heart! ;)
sometimes im just not ready for the truth
We've been checking out your site and products and love it! You guys are really creative keep up the great work.
I swear I feel like I have no energy left after that workout I just did
RT " This time tomorrow will be fantastic."
Good Morning Tweeters, lets make today a good and productive day. Happy Holidays!
btw, what happened to your other twitter accounts? I saw you blocked a lot of people and then same with your FB? Consolidating?
this is bs!! lol
Rondo with the chest-bump to the referee and the automatic ejection
wtf, who puts 3 o's in doors anyways?!
lmao hahahha he also got the same height as u guess thats y u love him so hahah
I just sent that to my sister. Priceless. I can't believe some people are real.
My first Mixtape will be off the meters
Hope the sun comes out! Gloomy days make me lazy.
Its wake & bake & i helped lol!
Getting ready to watch DC United game. Let's hope they can get a win and not another tie!
Insomnia is a bitch.
I don't want to be your 'favorite', or your 'best', I want to be your only & f*ck the rest.
My smart objects are starting to feel like Inception. Editing a layer inside a smart object inside a smart object.
yea i know...... its nice to meet me
Hello twitter.. We meet again..
Breast Cancer Survivor Singer/Songwriter " Ebony Diaz " www.metooyotambien.tv Incredible story!
Follow us! And let us know when your in Austin ;)
you guys put on such a fun show - and fri. i almost caught you - was in line to talk to Joel Hanson, you popped in, then left!
#FridayReads Wastelands: Tales of the Apocalypse by AND From Bretton Woods to World Inflation by Henry Hazlitt.
Thanks for putting me on your "Best of Twitter" list!
hs basketball round-table?
Barbour fit modeling gig today!
we shall see
well more like my maker is working off stuff
Love that George Lucas knows that life is lonely without the idea of God.
Studio tonite ... Can't wait
You can feel the momentum changing at #MSG as the first period ends.
Star testing is so tiring and the shitty test isnt even meant for my grade THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT
good seats especially the Redskins game?
Thanks! You guys'll get a kick out of our set this time. Raided the Lakeview Pantry's expired stuff to line the platforms!
haha nice nice. Any luck?
Darius is tweeting the same thing from both of his accounts -_- only my pops!
BOOM ! Bridge P0Wer !
I hate feeling like I'm not good enough.
Ugh. Cedar fever.
says go the where the people are instead of sticking a stake in the ground and say this is where I want to be
Don't feel bad. There's still TONS of time left. Hop on.
bahhahahaha just saw this! Wasn't me!! :)
I need bigger espresso cups
Cannot wait for my stay tonight with I'm counting the minutes.
I love how thats my first tweet after like 40 days haha
oh god, hahaha.
In other new, Bob Costos is all bottom teeth.
Twenty years now/Where'd they go?/Twenty years/I don't know/Sit and I wonder sometimes/Where they've gone...--BOB SEGER
Wow, the rain is really coming down! YAY! :-D
it's 4:30 in the afternoon...
there's always next year buddy
who decides what book goes INTO a school library?
Making funny videos! With : )
#Hawks jumpers not falling so far tonight. Can't always settle for 18-footers.
You're killing me here. If you aren't going to jump on this $200 season ticket offer, I have to assume you never will
Dunwoody. Audiences expect journos keep analytical distance from the issues they contend with.
Woo! Thanks for sharing my song.
Don't blame Jesus for your mishaps just let him kno wat happend so he can fix it
perl, css and velocity, here I come.
- you are most welcome. Our pleasure being a part of something so great
Haha! Isn't it great? An amazing social experiment. Had no sea how many people would respond. Thx for playing along. ; )
so they need to flip the model: "these people are pinning the same types of stuff" so follow them
Busy day today, thanks to friend Lobo and Amber, photos looking great! Now back to reality :(
Want to see a group that truly gets digital revolution? So impressed w many national political reporters and reporters covering media beat
Breaking records this week with Snow Emergencies. Tune in to my news at 7:03 PM on WCCO Radio.
oh good point. That, and all the TV time, press, and money they could ever want!
Sliders, Nachos, English Cheese Dip, Potato Skins, $6.95 each in ! (SW corner of Scottsdale & McDowell Roads)
I did
haha all ur cadbury candies, and whatnot. Delicious :) and the 222s are those good aspirin that make u feel good n sleepy haha
The boys are done for the fall. Can't wait to get back together in 2012 for a big spring season!
polls in US suggest ppl are divided on Trayvon, but I agree shld let evidence emerge.
Thank God its Friday!!!
man really wanted to go the hotsprings i hate fuckin #hippies man !
also wishes she didn't have to work tomorrow...
You had your chance and blew it, now step aside and watch a real nigga do it [;
I think Samuel sings it. I'm listening to the full version and it sounds like him.
I think I should tell him I like him should I bc I dnt know what to do
... really? That I did not know.
As they say 'common sense ain't so common anymore'
When Google makes its own beer, and you can take a picture with the can, they can resume talks about taking Facebook down. Summer is ideal.
Workouts are good. I decided to extend phase 1 by a week. Figure it can't hurt.
rumor has it you are using some of my old equipment in this tournament coming up, represent them well!
that's not very nice
oh snap zooey deschanel is going to be on the cover of marie claire for may. i have to get it
12oz curls my man! All Day
Love in perfection... is the heart of God... and Jesus is the proof.
Looking forward to shooting again tomorrow!
Girls know more than u think
Men without hats
Beautiful day today - colder than normal
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. -Cicero
On the bus with my boo's & 'leyss ily yous guys
finally getting on 395... Thanks for the help... I'll shoot Glebe over I think
Anyone else cry harder when Mercedes sang "I Will Always Love You" on Glee than when J. Hudson sang it at the Grammys?? No? Me neither...
Even when they were assaulting me, ganging up, deriding me, sniping & snarking, at least they responded, unlike my purported colleagues.
hey dumbass you tied the season series w/ the celtics does that mean your as good as they are? Negative
RT : Tonight's #journchat topics: "media myths, advice to new journs in digital age & online photo ownership. Join us 8-9p ET
"Mom, are you still banned from Morocco?" She says it was only a 5 year probation. And yet she wonders why I prefer to travel without her.
I cant wait to get home &. Eat ice cream ^.^
your tuesday is my sunday night, thus my monday morning is in 9 hours.
We'll have video of the Mayor-elect's press conference at the White House later this afternoon.
yes. Not me this time
sign up for what I just tweeted. $50 gift card to Sephora if we get invites!
I looveee the color pink !!
Next time you see someone wearing sandals, push them down a flight of stairs. It's too cold for that shit.
I have Paper 3 for Physics tomorrow!
love you guys <3
Murphy has improved so much! wow!!!
I think my parents are leaving tonight, thank you jesus ! !
A squirrel keeps biting into my butternut squashes!
A1: For me, it's the smell of the book, the feel, the pages I turn and re-read. I'm sure I sound old!
I am your wife..
Thank you for reporting on this.
Meeting a ton of fans on the tour in Florida!
oh lol.. Followed
Feel free to DM me contact info. ;-)
What religon are you?
me too thanks for inviting
HOW SWEET! I will cherish it FOREVER! My foot does kind of feel a little better!
nothin but were going boy hunting tomorrow at school ( ;
Mint is wildly popular & a good place to start. Also check out the community & tools at
No, we think you're an Oregonian. Come join us! But bring your own job, we're out of them here. But Kombucha's on tap!
My March Madness picks are about 50/50 right now
Brookside Dental is awesome! you can find them here at
lololol I call Ross you can have Austin! Lmbo!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
milk and dark chocolate peanut butter cups are both insanely good.
just delivered 2000 imprinted 36" beach balls. What a great summer promotion!
Guess what guys?! Recent homes sold for 96% of the listing price, 57% reduced the asking price at least once, this from NAR's recent survey!
. glad the book helped. Makes our day to hear that from you guys :-)
how very Aussie of you...
do you need seo?
Miami has better weather.. that is all. Miami fans are delusional.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them
Totally had a wonderful night last night. Really looking forward to Sunday to see the babe ;)
#Np Future - Turn On The Lights
Writers: The correct way to publicize your work is not to spam people asking them to "let me know what you think" with article links. Thx.
Lmfao on glee they sang WMYB. Thats one sign as to how much 1D has grown famous.
We'll be tweeting from #TheACMG meeting in Charlotte later this week!
"Cody has big feet ;D you know what that means"<<omg this HAHAH
Q for digital/e-recs archivists: does yr repository manage Red Book CDs and DVD-video in born digital workflow?
M taste like Gin! Lol
How is everyone?
mystical/bone crusher lmao
Low class scumbag Philly fans!!!! Cheer for a injury? Low life shitty Philly!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sally i love you!
we're having a pep rally during school today for the homecoming dance tomorrow :)
Dodgy run in in today's stage of #ParisNice, good job avoiding catastrophe
A #BFSportsMoments - today in 1990 former #Olympian #JesseOwens received the #CongressionalGoldMedal from U.S. President George H.W. Bush.
I'm not a nerd, I'm just not stupid like you.
come on by and check our scene
thanks for the follow!:)
your movie Spork was on TV! :)
we will be back next week, something came up and we are at Marquette campus...sorry about that.
sorry world I have to isolate myself from all of you.
Where's the "like" button when you need one? Good to hear.
U a dam fool crazy ass
Fish comes to mind...
It was pretty busy @ #innotech, we had a booth right near the registration table. We r still trying 2 reel in cell phone donations
Seattle in October
AB thanks for the follow, hope you are doing well getting ready for the season
Dear Krissy, thanks for following!
do conservatives not realize that some women take birth control to avoid symptoms of menstruation? even sexually inactive ones! not "sluts."
So I hear Oliver Sykes is dead? Hmm... #RIPOliverSykes. If its true you are dead :p
Um promoted?!?!
“ I got Ohio State by 5...” as a #Kubball fan thanks for saying that and locking up the win for us
More! YES!
I miss unguided bombs SO much :( Dive bombing a tank or AA weapon and pulling up last second... Look back and watch the BOOM
Posted a new song yesterday so check it out! Off to do some crossfit! LIFT OR DIE!!!!
well that sucks! It always looks like my pants are pulled way up! But their not! Haha.
nigga you don't want it! But add me AnthonyConroy
hey sweetie, don't worry about that party nigga being cheap talking bout $3 an hour plus tips...
omg when I saw the kiss between u and I was like Olivia I'm going 2 kill u I was so jealous ..!!!!
Very rare to see Ray Allen argue foul calls.
R.I.P. TO ONE OF THE GREATEST LEGENDS OF ALL TIME....MR. DICK CLARK♥
What live music are you seeing this weekend?
I can't wait to finish tomorrow's meal, so that I can kick up and enjoy the meal he's prepared for tonight.
I'll be ready in 5 minutes
yes.. its good
good luck! it'll be great, i'm sure
oh yeah I got some striped stuff at h&m recently! but honestly have also had trouble finding inexpensive summer basics!
catching up on the show #LostGirl ...you are amazing on the show.
You know that you're over-exposed to internet memes when the word "nomination" has a multiple meanings.
I'm really not that excited for MW3 to be honest
What do you suppose Yankees fragance (Past/Present/Forever) smells like? Money? A great sense of self? Babe Ruth's glove?
bro shits tight
Country Roads?
Wonderful #review on !
I be going... I be going hard...
: Maria what?
today lets toast to the future cause right now shit happen its highschool we almost done so things gonna happen we almost grown
Check that. 10 speakers. You can mix faster that way.
you can not blame me!
kk u have a cute dp
RT : R.E.T.W.E.E.T if Gaga Is The Biggest Inspiration to you!
says the vast majority of newspaper stories that have been read over time are not "actionable material" for consumers.
The #Cardinals are the 1st team this season to score in double-digits 3 times.
just a few! Congrats on the new projects!
oh no 😳girl talk soon!!!!
Gay Romney spokesman quits over &quot;hyper-partisan discussion of ...
#STAR #astrology planets in the cadent houses (3,6,9,12) are "between worlds", metakosmios in Greek, which means "interspace between worlds"
I know it wasn't game 7, but it was GLORIOUS to win against the Flyers & take the series from the Phillies w/ a Pedro bomb!
thanks for thr
life is confusing does h e like me or not ?
Tonight I'm spinning at public house and club kiss from 10-11pm on 1035 kiss fm Chicago & 1035kissfm.com!
Blastin dark side smokin in a candle lit room
MT : I've received no shit from peers about my work on Dinosaur Train, though I've no idea what's said when I'm not there!
Random Ammons visit? Sure why not.
Stick drill!!!!
Heading over to to help out with America.
It's not about the money; It's about what you spend it on...
I would love a tour! Is there a number I can call? Or you can contact my publicist 972-953-8846
"The world is ran by CREATORS of things. Maintained by purchasers of CREATIVE things and populated by those that CREATE nothing!"— DJ T&B
#smash really? Fun number but pretty sure you just jumped the shark...
so true
Thanks Fox!
Thinkin Bout You
True! I also can't get over the fact that all male gay sex means they turn to a corpse because of their intestine?
I don't know. I'm still on the fence about it with the profile of my museum in mind.
I just came back home from going out to eat with da fam
'I gotta run these streets cause it aint enough for me n I never look back. Gotta keep my mind on money on money' maxima
post the link then.
"The beit midrash is a conversation between equals." - me in the chatroom just now
bahaha I'm not hyper tonight
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - Making Money Online With Clickbank
Finished my Spanish homework!
You're ridiculous! They don't know what they're talking about. LeBron is the best player in the NBA. Period.
That's awesome. I love seeing your work and tweets. Reminds me of Pat C. He would be proud. p.s. I'm one of Edna Cs cousins.
--- this dude is out of control.
ok great! Looking forward to it..
Asking your parents AFTER you already made plans.
Uncle Ben With great power, comes great responsibility.
Rob Lowe said literally on "Who Do You Think You Are?" teehee!
Vegas was great, but my feet were not up to the challenge.
you drag two icons together & it like starts a box
You're Welcome. You should come back to Houston now! OR make that Dallas show the best ever! I will be there for my birthday!
SOMEWHERE..&&ND WHERE YO MAMA AT?...
Kay I'm back assholes aha ^.^
Hi beautiful weather. I love you.
I havent been on this twitter in forever
We finished the d3hotel if you want to take a look at it
are u listening to One Time?
longhorn is the shit!
