New Post! What is YOUR take on urban education?? www.thecoloredteacher.tumblr.com
A student just cited "www.google.com" for his research project. ::slams head repeatedly into brick wall::
Drinking a full-sugar cherry Coke after a tough day. It may be the best thing I've ever tasted.
awh I'm sorry! Which one? :)
Crazy weekend and still haven't recovered lol!!!!
tomorrow at New York and it might be 7:30 I guess. Game 5 is in DC at 3pm
So, I heard Twitter got hacked yesterday. Thank god I was only on once yesterday.
"If you don't like what I do, just keep it moving." Tiff Benson #gentlereminder #hatersgonnahate #i'llshowyou
Finally home to watch DWTS so beyond happy won design a dance she deserved it and she rocked it out!
the team from is taking no shortcuts original brewmaster is onboard and a yeast strain linked to the 1830's & Bernhard Stroh
thanks for not promoting all this chaptalized rubbish made for people that don't like wine. Don't like wine? Drink Pepsi.
sad day 😞
It doesn't matter what it is, it's automatically cool if it glows in the dark
Why am I so angry though
One of these days I will actually wear my Cool Greys outside.
Anyone know of any books or courses to take on Unity? I'm thinking of jumping in with both feet.
BCM. Best ARs on the market.
Feels like florida outside!
Everyone can say how beautiful the bride is but for my money, the maid of honor tonight is the most beautiful woman
I'm going to sleep now. Night everyone! :-)
My assistant freeway sleeps on the job. I want his job.
Hahaha! Look who's tweeting!
Today is Global Service Day! What #inspires you to #serve on a #global level?
audioboo.fm #eli2011 mobile audio capture
#YouWasCuteUntil you showed me the real you!
Thanks, you're pretty awesome yourself! And I couldn't agree more...Die Hard ROCKS!
just laying. U ?
Tom loveland - "took me a while to figure out to do what too love"
The Little Red Hen by Heather Forest: Sometimes you can't get a little help from your friends...
tell me.
On to vermouth punch. The day is done.
RT : 20% of the seniors in America are living on average incomes of $7,500 per year. A YEAR!
Forget about it dude. You got into UB and its summer time now
#yourebeautiful because you have imperfections
Money never sleeps
“: Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.” <<don't want to live in this fucking world anymore
Guess you've never served on jury duty downtown.
Thanks again for the support. Anything I can do to help you?
This sucks.
these tweets are hilarious.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser
Not looking forward to work tonight.
My oh my, you are a tweeting machine!
now u know they r nothing 2admire. It's just old me.. It's been almost 3 yrs nothing new mymy
We have so much 'trash' here now, the city needs an army of dump trucks to get it all out, God only knows the plots hatching
Swords and knitting. My perfect book!
God, I am now heads down in CSS, sipping the green tea and keeping warm :-)
": I bet when u feel your baby move....it's not kicking it's FIST pumping...lol." OMG YOU MADE MY DAY !!!!!
Can't believe Grazer actually said "Come back to my office" to the cute host
Rain & storms this morning.
I followed YOU CAN FOLLOW ME NOWWW(:
but they do make the black bean ones, and they're tasty!
And the Pacers move on!
you guys are fools! #hookah!
hmm I'll look it up
Kindred Spirit! Me too Robitussin CF lol RT : Robitussin in the summer...le sigh. Feel like I'm on punishment.
LOL How about mail man do u bite them in the butt?
Wow, my professor taught this class to Bradley Cooper at Georgetown. He wrote his letter of recommendation for an actor's studio in NY! SICK
my Avi changed by its self! :O
WHY AM I UP OMG
I'm not going 2 discuss this any further.I'd appreciate if you'd stop copying & pasting my tweets w/out citing the author. Thank u
We are only a reflection of our own trials and tribulations. So take chances, make mistakes, live and love like there is no tomorrow.
Danielle playing in a spring tournament this weekend.
we want to rent in Novi for now. Close to DH's work and things we like. Later want to settle near Ann Arbor.
only when I'm playing soccer and I am almost dehydrating haha
Ryan Gosling at Bottom of the Hill
Broo , you need therapy !
We did? I guess I wasn't following ;)
you enjoy the episode?
So often our focus is on the result, let's shift to the journey? Take a deep breath in, smile be grateful for this moment? For the process?
best show ever ❤
Rocking my new York football #superbowlchampions locker room hat! Go big blue. U can't spell ELIte without Eli. Coughlin for HOF
but i have to finish by 10:30 am
AM actor and producer, one short and feature under the belt more to follow. Advice?
Im sure ZYNGA will have an Avatarville soon.
I'm down
LOL, I'd faint, too, if I ever encountered one that was 8 pounds and 21 inches long!
I'm giving you one right now honey :) Love you!
I know. I'm in love!
don't tell me ur a vegetarian now???
leave 830a Friday. Return at 730p. You should come!
Tired dog, tired owner, happy to be home.
#ThingIDislike : when people smoke
I hope the dinner went well and produced some good ideas...
Omg. I need an outfit for tomorrow!!
My day >
We stand with these kids. Current policy is a violation of the 8th amendment.
I mean really? Who cares what he's eating or where he's sitting??? Dudes not even that good.
Congrats! Looks amazing!
me to I like there salald its so good.
I've been talking to him since like 1 or 2 am. It is 8 right now.
could have cuddled with me!!! I was freezing!
The #Chicago with back-to-back jacks in the 4th inning. 2-1
weird, Twitter suggests I follow you, but it won't let me.
Austin Mahone Blocked Me
Not sure what the issue was with my laptop, but my web page for class is working fine. Now to worry about Thursday's quiz!
Thanks for the follow, MoNGA-Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
Sometimes you reach for the stars but only get to the moon, but you can still look back and see how enormously far you've travelled.
Thanks, guys. We were excited to see it, too.
but u haven't followed ME!?(:
Think it's time for a new phone.
Looking forward to the new year! We will be launching one of the greatest churches that this area has ever seen. Hope Ya'll ready!!
there must be a gig for that.
You can present news without dogmatic contrarian high volume shills propped up on opposing sides of every news story
Had to bug out for a few hours. Back to work for a few hours.
thank you so much!
Cheaters never win.
FURIOSITY - A LESSON IN AGGRESSION is now on ITUNES! Give it a listen!
Girls remember everything.
That awkward moment when tries to make the twitter community think I'm a lesbian.
LOVE softouch! RT : Last print competition I judged had many beautiful examples of soft touch AQ.
Answer A, B or C ... What are you doing this weekend? A. Resting B. Staying active C. Combo of both
At the Comet Cafe w/ Looking forward to some locavore fare.
I hate work
Watching a 4 year old getting so excited while playing Mario on the Wii and peeing in himself. #Priceless #LoveChildren!!!
Love me or hate, that is the question.
Cure for procrastination: develop a "compulsion to closure" attitude. #NAPO 2012
discovered who my recent garbage thieves are. Six raccoons were snooping around my trash cans and golf cart. Cutest faces ever...
We're the world's debit card backwater...
Dragon Dictate, why can't I quit you?! Why do I continue to drag on this hate-hate relationship?!
#sfeng340, For Love Medicine, we can start by looking at character. What are characters like Marie, Nestor, June, and Lipsha doing?
I'm sure that no one has noticed it's nice outside.
that's awesome! Keep it cold, keep it sweet!
Dude I wasn't that drunk, dude u texted me asking for my number,
": is it possible to be doin to much and not enuff?.." yes, inefficiency...busyness doesnt always mean u handle business
Well, if this whole Mobile / Enterprise IT thing doesn't work out in can always be a Barnstable <<
alright it's just boring :P and I got picked up early from school to go to the airport
Let go of fear, pain, and the the things they bring. Release love, forgiveness, & kindness. Travel light.
Wind central! 💨
Hello Phenomenal Woman!
Never trust a hotel that changes to those big fluffy beach type towels. They are really hard to put in your suit case!
RT : Don’t depend on other people as the source of your happiness or for approval. -Joyce
u no harmonica as always
Know anyone who can read Welsh? I need a translation of a very short newspaper article.
These folks Happy as Hell that they Graduatin. Lol.
Tuna packed in water is full of B Vitamins and protein to ward off tummy fat.
word. Us girls need to show them we run everything.
are you seeing what l is about to do your funny
Weirdos playing driving games with me on 390 and making strange hand gestures
"Your surface is interested in success; your soul is interested in the ride." - Paul Williams (thanks !)
lmfao too late im already dying it red wooop
You are killing me! First it wouldn't let me create the new page, now it hasn't let me update the profile for 2 days. Get with it!
My name is Dee Dee an I just wanna tell you I love ur videos. And the tips u give out. Imma have to use them one day
William Oliver of wins his second consecutive decathlon event. Taking the LJ title at 7.01m.
We have 210 more likes to go before we hit our FREE t-shirt goal of 317. You know what they say about procrastination, right?
bitch you get me so gone, i dont wanna go on, living in this world without you
i hate field goals!
lol RT : Apparently the numbers 9 and 0 aren't looking too bad now...better take that BCS numbers card out of the trash world
Ima Beat The Pu**y Up Up Up Up Up Up Ima Beat The Pu**y Up Up Up Up Up Up
I see is creeping in the background of ur pic, that guy never stops
“: RT : Gloria: the art of leading ethically is to act as if every little thing matters Because it does.
"In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world." (John 16:33)
why do guys have to be such jerks! i just got call fat an ugly worst day of my life!!:'(
honestly i love hair cut, it makes him look way older....and way more sexy (;
Yepp you gotta be highly trained to stay up late w/ me.
tweetdeck claimed my tweet was sent but it never posted because I had a partial URL in it that it couldn't shorten. annoying
still drunk
Invest in a brighter future today, starting with Columbia Education. www.columbiaprep.com
thanks for re tweeting :)
My bad. Thanks to Shauna for the new profile pic! RT : - thanks for the photo credit.
no u not i hate it too
A little planning/regroup session at the Golden West Cafe.
Some girls use like 8 mascaras to get them to look how mine look with 2 mascaras...
Dayton says his bonding bill is an investment in the future. He wants lawmakers to act quickly in upcoming session
#Twilight appearance, yuck.
If you get roundhouse kicked in the face by #ChuckNorris in your dream, you DIE!
google+ hangouts might be worth a try also. Maybe the first step is to demo some solutions among ourselves
I will driving down from Louisville for both games! Picking up some friends on the way down I-75!
well excussee me lol send me a pic when ur done.. im getting tatted tomorrow
I could, but the saddle might be too low to the ground so that my legs drag.
I Was Laughing All Day !
AH! Did everybody see that because I will not being doing it again!
#weloveallisimpson shes the best Role Model anybody could ever have :) I Love You Alli
Well the #steelers are gonna beat the #jets on sunday :p.
I have officially got both of my e-mail inboxes down to ZERO! Woohoo!
#Valdez is batting in spot #1 for
Crime After Crime: Debbie Peagler was freed under unique CA law that allows DV survivors to bring evidence of abuse.
Random Quote I just remembered - "Thats just so annoying" -Ina Garten, Barefoot Contessa
I don't take anyone seriously in a pink shirt.
Im bout to start cookin again this fast food taste worse every time..
how I'd love your job at times like this.
The wife says let's go to the bar, I say ok. Never been to the bar before.
If medium in Thai means surface of the sun I think my Pad Thai was just right.
Funk as Puck.
Success isn't just about what you accomplish in your life. It's also about what you inspire others to do.
Offer me a beer and I'll tell you about the CTO who didn't believe in relational integrity constraints.
Thanks for following. I followed back. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
Hawthorne will come back, tail between legs in no time. Bc we can't trot out KJ and rookies
Some people are just plain #stupid!
Happy Monday Stinky Lovers, Today is National Fragrance Day, go out and enjoy the smells of Spring today, or wear your favorite perfume :)
Lazy day! Need a nap asap
Hate when I shower after the gym & my towel is still damp from the am
hey how are you
yea i know i been download that ish. Akon is hard
My #Faith Conquers My Fear!
RT ": I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply."
aw man ): okay!
Thanks for the tip, Wendy! "Mrs. Tim" is now on my Kindle. I love having a healthy backlog of books for traveling :-)
re apply
when will I know if I can get him to speak?
Yes!! Let's make it happen!
omg I like am though. Dont worry youre the second funniest "oh I have to get out to let this girl out, what's your name again?"
Michael Schumacher will not be making his return to due to injuries, Ferrari has now named Luca Badoer to drive in Massa's place
"The best deal's on the planet."
"#Lions Best, Levy, Burleson, Stafford, Brown, Delmas don't practice. That's 5 starters."➠ NOT GOOD MAN! Get healthy guys!
I feel so free. Extremely free. Free as the wind blows. Free as the water flows.
the lion king = genius <3
My netflix won't work.
Lhh @ the guys who tried to play me! :)
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook....how much money it made MARK ZUCKERBERG...damn is he even 30 yet? lol
hey! so nice to meet you the other day!
Librarian from Hungary looking for volunteer opportunity in English speaking library, preferably in England to practice her English.
he seems so hot underneath all those tats. But he's hot with the tats. Idk. I just love him!
i miss u
Ugh I feel ill..... need to find breakfast asap see if that helps
Thank you for sharing your family w.its with deepest love and sympathy-RIP the truth..Whitney!! LOVED HER SO MUCH! Legacy lives!!!
Yeah, this often happens.
welcome! BTW, some tweeps to follow include and in addition to that guy
Skip the card & just give me cash for my birthday!
Thanks for the response, I appreciate it.
Heading out to read for the kids at All Saints Hospital - Thank you BookPals for this opportunity… :)
Has D'Antoni really resigned from the #Knicks?
guy in stall before me at LAX bathroom accuses me of stealing his iphone and makes me talk to the cops..
It's sad when your car isn't even 2 years old and you have over 55000 miles on it :(
Finally it's Friday!
Need to get this together man prom next week, appointments have to be booked early
(Bit lame but w/e) Walked past what I reckon was the Yahoo! Street View vehicle earlier, Dodge Caravan w/ PA plates & digital camera on hood
I'm already sick of listening to heat fans and the series doesn't start til Sunday
no have you?
What is the new project?
Clapping from home, thanx for the great info!
HAS ANYONE ELSE EVR SEEN ILLEGAL TENDER??? I FEEL LIKE IM THE ONLY ONE THT LIKES THT MOVIE!!.
Wow wata day finally layiin it down ;) alottt a stuff to do tommorow
yes its amazing!
“: #wordsyouwillneverhearmesay Yeah you can borrow that outfit. #lifeofaprincess”
Loved the review and interview with The Submission. Well done and now I need to read the book!
pacers are playing with some serious heart and hustle - that is what it is all about
someone told me it was narry
Touring the gem of GH today: Jeld-Wen Field! #rctid Then beers after somewhere local.
Oh, the perfection! If only I could make mine look (and taste) like a Parisian croissant. Where is the other half?
S/O and the Elegant Hoodness Musical Program putting it down right now #CalabashLounge #ATL style! in the bldg!!
I love jessica:))))
#IveAlwaysWantedTo read other people's mind, especially the person who i crush on.
": No, you'd be a dead one. RT : If I died tomorrow, I would be a happy girl."
Co-sign! RT : Channing Tatum in a Tribe cap is honestly the sexiest thing I've ever seen.
Really enjoyed today's meeting on Social Media. Great panel and learned more about how to embrace it. I love
Me and have Wendigo Psychosis. The only cure is wiindigookaazhiwin. Sorry if we eat you
I tend to think on a more average scale than I probably should
Comfort Mufasa is worth it.
When we cover something that's been covered elsewhere, we generally italicize the name of publication in body, link via source
Don't eat the garnish!
Finished my BS & am working now. It's just a long term temp gig but a good oppty that will hopefully lead 2 FT work. You?
It's 11:11 on Easter Sunday & you know what my wish is? For to please follow me?! Please Austin?! Please!!!
What's been going on this week?
I have a date tonight, WITH MY BED. We're totally gonna sleep together. ;)
He actually just shut the door in my face so that he could try to kiss her!!
Who's gonna be round DuPont today?
You paying?
Friends, they don't make them like they used to.
Party bus wit
I'm told will be here
Do you need any screen printing for 2012?
made their first pick at the #SuperDraft. I can go to lunch now
Hey peeps, this Saturday The Enclave will be at Yayo's Tacos. Free event from 6P-9P
Love being up this early to see guys in button downs and girls barefoot in tight dressed walking home...
Consult a financial planner before buying long-term care insurance
omg! wait you know i actually KNEW him? austin mahone? like really. he lived in hammond
this whole thing is pretty stupid if u ask me
I dont wanna watch no damn lakers i wanna watch heat or clippers
That's not funny! 😒RT : Kevin could be Derrick Rose's brother. Hard to get a smile out of him.
“: Spend another night on my own.” Welcome to my world . It sucks doesn't it.
I wish you were wearing a Tulane shirt in my apartment right now. It sucks you weren't in Houston when I was.
oh... I did not know that... lol
Wal Mart. 1am for Easter baskets the day of. It'd be easier just to sell the kids.
www.aiforums.info admin discussion and advertising
*Sneeze* Bless you, thank you! Youre not welcome. ... Mixed signals for dayzz hahahahha
Going to try a lunchtime workout, and then running after work. Better not be busy!
Can We get new pics of U Guys
washing my dogs was a disaster tonight....
#fridayreads Kraken by China Mieville. Brilliant writer could be improved by brilliant editing, or maybe that's my short attention span.
Well thank you ... It's been awhile. What have you been up to?
More often than not, the best part of an online article is the comments section.
With @ west a...hes n the balcony...im on the fourth row...hum????lots of easter garments..
I think I got that next beat, Be ready to work!
I'm always annoyed when people pontificate about a book that they haven't actually bothered to read. Reading "buzz" is not reading.
Update: I hope we end this nonsense soon. First fighting is always a hilarious thing, why can't we just get along?
Learn about a walk a thon that will help foster children today on
But now we can be total snobs about the latecomers who get stuck with a 737.
It shows Hank Aaron in an Atl. Brave uniform hitting 715. Bad publicity since he won WS here in 1957. Statute at Miller Park.
whoa whoa when d'f did that shit happen?
maybe the hangover, maybe they're just not funny.
That married couples can live together day after day is a miracle that the Vatican has overlooked. - Bill Cosby
very freaking irritated right about now about to just SCREAM!!!!!
that's perfect! You doing it,right!
YOU ARE PREACHING.......
your mom and my grandma have the same wise words.
im at Yost tmrrw! Can u make it sexy?
I wonder when Las Vegas will be back to full Las Vegas again.
and laugh about being arrested for stealing their own property.The #Kalonji family shows they're not joking.
Two of my plays in two festivals, The Midtown International Theatre Festival, and The Fringe Festival, both here in NYC!
#Mets' problems stem from Trades of Heath Bell, Matt Lindstrom, Brian Bannister; Cab accident to Duaner Sanchez, losing draft picks via FA.
u still in painesville
Excited to see what you and come up with.
we live the dream keep living it!
Still you. You've sent me 9 tweets, 2 on topic and I've addressed every point you tried to make, even the stupid ones like this.
I just called and reservations are very understanding. I think I can make it from MSN tomorrow, so I kept my Mon night...
Thanks for all the photo editing suggestions! Figured out a way to get old MS Photo editor on Windows 7 so I can pretend it's 1996.
hey! Try to make it out tonight to dirty trix!
At #Fridays, 4-7pm are the happiest hours! Join us for the best #HappyHour #specials in town, like $2 domestic drafts & $4 #highballs!
I'm pretty sure it has space for more.
“: The frustration and optimism of working in #culture in #Egypt.”
Just look for the guy with an "Idiot" sign. Really... tried to rob an ARMORED car?!?!
Very very impressed with Houston Symphony's performance of the Shostakovich 11 tonight. Incredible finesse with amazing violas and brass.
Thanks for organizing the session with Warren Egnal. I learned a lot (e.g. don't carry a Dell laptop if you work at Sony!)
you inspire me!! lol just thought i'd let you know :>)
oddfuture and tyler the creator sucks think about it tyler had to eat a fuckin cockroach and represent the devil just to make it in rap
We have some FAB, exciting news coming this week! Keep an eye out for our email & FB announcements! <3
Was in contact with a very nice woman from I have a great feeling this internship may work out!!!
- Seven Years In Hartmut's Face
rainy saturday! what to do, what to do?!!
About to have me a good Ol' burger at the counter with
behave yourself
Great tweets from #smpspls this week. Hope you P3s have a great year!
Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty. I'm in that two seat lambo, with your girl she tryna jerk me.
Eastern Europe and Japan should team up to make music videos.
Yikes! Gateway errors and action kits out of stock?! What's going on here guys?
wanna chill Tuesday?
I figure it will give me an option if one or the other is fugly. Ha. And, what better way to collect souvenirs? :)
Don't Forget to follow & The Lonesome Sound on twitter!! Good vibes to all!
Just so everyone knows, is the only thing that has kept me sane throughout this long drive. Thanks, guys!<3
so. I am officially back on twitter after a long hiatus! I have had some big things happen!I recently joined forces with the band
Just read it. I think your title is a good solution. Haha. Or, "Deja Vu, Mine's Important, Too!"
wanna go outside? call me:) Home, cells down...
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away 😊
Eww Gross...Hi Jon
That's a good thing. If your bottle is etched you'll have a permanent reminder of good times.
The dream of the (18)90s is alive in portland. OMFG!!! LMFAO!!!
Joe Perry > Tom Morrello.
You're welcome! RT Thank you for following us.
i am right there with you. why do we feel the need to tell everyone where we are all the time. do they really care?
Grants to the Flyers. One team had to learn to play defense in that series and it was you.
After Kayne post party at the pub. $5 Tall Stoli, $5 Captains and $3 Jameson. Rock n Roll
Join us Sunday for at Woodland Park. Stop by, show your Zipcar card and get
#RelationshipsNowdays won't last that long.
oh I see why you left? haha couldn't handle another FIFA beating brotha
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 82
DIVORCE SUPPORT COUNSELING GROUPS 4 kids & 4 teens (8-week time-limited summer) CALL me for INFO & a consult!! LYNNFIELD 978.290.7090
oh, Eventbrite has an app thats easily used to check guests in. I will def be using this for tmw's event! So much better than paper lists!
Urghhhh I'm so pissed right now. I need a big long bear hug :( ...and don't let go -_- lol
I thought as the user then I became the programmer. Me. Tough job, I tell you.
I love your healthy yet practical mindset. Please keep the influential posts coming!! You make me want to be a healthier person!
same here lol
Hey, great to know. Just follow up. cheers!
I would love to see Derrick Rose play
Happy 200th birthday Charles Dickens!
Thanks for the support! Shine responsibly!
wish I were there RIGHT NOW!
My son just told me he wouldn't play w a truck bc it was a "girl toy." Not sure if that means I've done well or failed as a parent.
#hth2012 shows graph of durability versus access. I don't agree with position of Web as not durable! It can be hugely durable (LOCKSS)
This is adorable.
I don't actually care.....😂
Go, Adele! I love her!!!
Today is going to be a long day, I can already tell! Time to grab a Redbull to help get me through!
Lebron,D-Wade, and Bosh....game over!
Soo.. boutaa start on this L A M E ass Homework....-_-
I know, right? hopefully soon.
RT : & killed it last night at My life has forever been changed, in a good way.
U.S. Thwarted Al Qaeda Bomb Plot on Plane - predicted on Wings of Love 2/19/12
The Mac's built in VPN client beats the heck out of the Cisco client. VPN into a server without losing your non-VPN internet. Nice.
Someone Mention, DM, Call or Text me.
Give a Holiday Gift that keeps giving. Great Holiday Gift Ideas for the Business people in your life. www.bcdcards.com
I Hate pitch counts. Man up.
you're right but you should still bite your tongue. :-)
Breaking: Rumors that #Romney supporters distributing fake delegate slate lists to confuse Nevada Ron Paul er's at state convention
We give sin power when we accept it.
with a voice like yours I'm pretty sure it'd be impossible to make a bad impression.
Casspi destroys Walton destroys Welsch destroys Luke Jackson ... All eaten alive by Harangody.
HAPpy BiRThDAy To OnE of MY BeStest(yes bestest is a word!) Friends Stephanie!
yeah u meeting us up there???
people that count down their tweets... Smh jk:)
what should my twitter name be?
nice knowing you lol
I'll be wandering around the floor at #SPC11. Give me a shoutout if you're going to be there too. We can have scones, beers or something.
I was wondering why it looked like I was wearing eyeliner than I realized it was my mascara.
The other one would wait for me
jealous coach Crean?surely not.Madness week long venue,media day,hall of fame game,blessing rupp court,ending fireworks!
When is this much advertised post-caravan outing?
the movie dates still on the table lol
Good luck. I'm armed with sliced flatiron steak, fancy eggs to fry, and some garlicky greens. These 10am starts are tricky.
Were has been?
When are you heading down?
I'm just glad Maxxie (Mitch Hewer) isn't gay in real life okay
My stomach hurt so bad yo!!!
College is way too expensive across the board - how is it even legal to charge SO much money???
my mom told me bout my popi before he dead i really wish he was here and all the others i love but there watchin over me-Tamya:P ily
"I stopped the cab because of you" in loove with this cabby
VIVLADI FOUR SEASONS..... WOOW IT MAKES ME HAPPY TO BE A VIOLINIST
#foreverwaitingon to make me some popcorn
SSG faulkner cool he had just become a recruiter down here when I left for basic in 09
#AGBT MiSeqused to track antibiotic resistant bacteria in hospitals. Clinical 2 day turn around time.
Christine Borgman (UCLA) discussing BRDI-CODATA work to develop data attribution citation practices & standards
Idk what you're talking about but dude. You don't belong in football convos. RT : but they still lost.
Thanks, Jacob. And you have a beautiful smile. Actually my pecs are easy for me to work out. They respond well to stimuli ;)
#ChuckNorris can beat both Brock Lesnar and Frank Mir with one roundhouse kick to their faces...
I'm still buzzin off yesterday's church service! Can you say #propheticflow ??????
agreed. Can't limit you're "recruiting" area. Wld be like Badgers only recruiting Wisconsin kids. Nt good enuf
oh intriguing! I didn't even know yogurt came in that flavor. On it. I also have a raspberry to try tomorrow morning
Getting hit on by a new client who saw my staff picture on my company's website...should I be flattered or creeped out?
that's right no one does and it sucks for them
Yo, Real Housewives of NJ is like a train wreck. It's terrible and horrifying, but I can't look away.
hahah I know. He's soo cute.(:
#Taxes are done. Now you can really focus on going mobile! can help.
it was an awesome week haha
How has Ananda touch your life?
when are you performing in Chicago? Just in case I don't make it to NO in Sept.
We are supplying the 2011 NM Snowball Tournament (racquetball) with lunch today!
Funny how a good bag of popcorn can change your outlook on life
I have a thing for neck tattoos.
other: We need to help develop non-quan modes of assessment, in part because "stories" resonate well with trustees and donors.
The PA office is temporarily closed due to earthquake.
Sorry!! I'm just learning how to work this thing :)
> No, #janky is perfect.
Looks like this guy is truly #LivingDreams! Much love to you man!
finna txt my boo
Day 3 of this never ending insurance fraud case.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
can we do a threesome<3
did you get your cut ? Lol
SASS where have you been all my life? No really, where?
Cullen does it again, barely even a minute later. #UF leads #Northwestern 5-1.
4 Events added to the calendar.It's been a good week........
Thanks doll, have a great weekend!
Just got in from #golfing with and Have fun!
her head still big tho
lol i know right. i've taken to wearing those thick fuzzy socks around the apartment :3
How did that North Shore Connector work out for everybody today?
Follow Mee I Follow Back <3
Thanks, John and Allie for all the LifeStyleLife love on your latest episode!
You're annoying and make no sense!?
Very excited to learn more about Capitol Park redevelopment project mentioned by in
Well it's 3:50am, can't sleep...too much on my mind.
What happened at Next?
Getting some coffee
Excited to be at Hopkins! Enjoying tunes from Caleb Stine now :)
it would be so awesome when)
oh yes. We think a lot about saving characters!
Just discovered — book convos indexed by "official" hashtag and archived for long-term access.
Oh my god, listening to now about survival food! So important in these times of natural disasters!
I'm so glad you like it! See you again soon!
Should there be a difference between a small business approach to #payments and a medium to large business approach?
My feet are swollen, my back hurts and I am super tired...but Alabama Legislative Day 2012 for Libraries rocked!
nvm urban dictionary say the preferred term for female fapping is schlicking "She was busy schlicking in the other room"
I shared your link on FB too=) Looking forward to a fun read!
That's what I'm talking about!!...Knuckle up!!..lol...And I've just been..being more social with my friends..lol..
JOIN US TODAY AS WE DO EACH AND EVERY WEEK FOR OUR #INTERMIXWEDS! WILL ALL B IN THE BUILDING!
Marble is formed from limestone by heat and pressure in the earth's crust. These forces cause the limestone to change in texture and makeup.
Be on the look out for future law talks like #sociallaw at Hawaii's Innovation Hub for learning and growth !
has a cute avi:)
gastronomaustin fire up the juicer? Or muddle into sour type drinks, pairing back the sugar
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Getting the police copter chasing you (along with 20+ cop cars)
Choose any time after 8a PT on Friday. It's wide open right now. Thx. for your interest!
Working for Disney in LA!!! Be back soon though. How is Jay?
Who is this?
Gift advice from : give a 10-yr-old their own domain name (his/her name).
I don't think so. RT the owner doesnt participate, doesnt that make your firms efforts somewhat disingenuous?
Whoops, we posted from the wrong account. RT We will be releasing 30 tickets for Friday's show at noon tomorrow.
living in the city of hate/love awkward encounters and low tact highways of fire
Time to get moving... Grand Opening party to plan!
my #dailyquestion is... why do people argue of the simplest of things??
Drop the idea that u r atlas carrying the world on ur shoulders. The world would go on even w/out u. Dn't take urself so seriously Norman V
-- Chris Paul Not Even Better Then Rose You Kno That
Tomorrow will be a better day.
bummer to be
Working early mornings sucks!
Hahaha man I should be in diet mode, but damn I like getting huge LOL :) right back atcha brotha! haha
Thanks to and Jenna Snyder-Phillips for a great evening last night at the store!
Fresh cut comedy tonight! 5015 Penn ave, Pittsburgh, pa. Get here!
It doesn't matter who you are, sometimes there are people that can just make you feel like nothing
Hating on the Kardashians right now . . . I don't get it.
Team Manzo all the way! Kim G is batshit crazy. Just sayin'!
Heading out to Pianos N Stuff in pittsburgh to pick up some gear. If you're out there hit us up.
Amen, brother. Wish more had that attitude.
omg was totally about to tweet that.... too bad I'm not going -_- hahaha
Teacher: What is the meaning of life? Me: Jalex.
A day off from the set today. (*big inhale...and...) WWWHHHEEEWWW!!
Second time through makes all the difference.
Only would talk about his bodily functions loud as heck on our Skype chat for my entire family to hear...lmao
I play on a guys team though so you can imagine the ciriticizim I get all the time
Chicago I love you, but I hate your traffic!
Ghost Hunting with the guys. (:<
My mind is split btwn several time zones-great chat w , next week will be excellent! cc
Working from home, week 4...
Don't fall in love with your own engineering. The builders of the railroads were the ''brilliant minds'' that missed the airplane
Imma be up awhile, where you from?
Have you checked out www.facebook.com/CigaretteCinemas yet? No? Do it and "Like" us! Let us know how to "Like" your page and we will!
The random phone calls I get from >>>>>
Things are lookin up. Got some Gym time. Got some Jimmy Johns. The sun came out to play, what a great hump day so far!
don't listen to she doesn't play video games....
Super Bowl parties start tomorrow. Follow me
Doubt I'll ever be allowed back at Cracker Barrel... Along with Mackie and LOLO ! Jussayin.
All the time!
Woke up with the money on my mind $_$
and doesn't make her wanna stay next year.. I got a trash bag filled with balloons.
S-D-S-U, S-D-S-U, SDSU fight, fight, fight!
This may be the only place to be; hopelessly wondering if I will ever be set free
It's ironic that I am on the computer but not working. Pretty soon, however, that won't be the case.
#galeriaartemexicano andnot a single artist was Mexican, it's an international world
Hue Jackson is fired by the Raiders
“: Look what arrived in the mail today. Thanks for the motivation." Ooh! I want that magazine!
Farm fresh galettes, mint ice cream, basil sorbet, strawberry popovers, farm basil and coffee for the Pilsen Community Market 9am tomorrow
awww! hi Nothing just eating Cupcakes <3
On the porch pork BBQ, maple/butter-sizzled brussels sprouts, fresh matchstick fries with Hendricks and Dolin dry vermouth Martini. Heaven!
I will not let the Hamthrax ruin my vacation.
It's #TwitterTuesday. #ShareMe please Xo
i hope i dont never hit 900 tweets cause i love doinn this withh my babii
Learning about 3play video transcription and video search service. Making your vid text searchable is great for SEO!
marry me. please.
I see you rockin your cocktail dress on the zappos website! *whistles* lol
Happy birthday, Igor, you changed my life for the better. I owe you one.
The right of citizens to videotape police
No, I'm awake too.
. Thanks Suzanne - we're really looking fwd to having Jessica with us! Will we see you at #PdF12? :)
IT'S FOOD TIME
thanks, Glenn. I'm looking forward to learning about rat and roach racing. Could be the next big thing. Those roaches can run.
Bad news for me...for medical reasons I am most likely going to need to give up reviewing and blogging. I am uncertain what to think.
Come on OKC
The giant walrus aliens would always remember their grand entrance into the Seal concert as their most profound disappointment.
I swear, everytime I turn around, someone else done blocked me for NO reason on Facebook! #iDontGiveAFUCK! -.-
Go see Good Field at the Best Lil' Big Fest in Texas tonight at Tiniest Bar 9pm!
Oh, I never mentioned being a thug at all. No matter the color, it's just more professional to have a clean cut.
Poll: The sound of nitrile gloves against Mylar: worse than fingernails on a chalkboard?
More sleep, please!
seeks Balto/DC/SATRAD PT opportunities. Email: ; Online Website: www.mpvt123.com; Facebook or Twitter
Off to the #biggestweek for a week of what I hope will be spectacular birding. :-)
for ceremony, ask your musician! our musician came up w a great playlist (really useful bc i didnt know any songs for the fiddle!)
gd morning same to u :) enjoy ur day
Why do u call me boo
Just made some really bad tapioca pudding. If you'd like some, I'd gladly give it to you. All of it.
Baseball is my favorite season.
Execs care about revenue, cost & cust sat. To sell socmed to c-suite, talk about saving $ & inc satis w/cust service by using socmed
Needing "Expert Appliance Repair?" give Ortega’s Appliance Service a call......
you need a distraction... like in the old timey movies, throw a rock in the corner, when they turn, pop up. :)
I want a pet orangutan lol
Maybe fake people will be real for Halloween...
RT : Seen no TX license plates in bay area, but California plates are all over Austin. I think I know which way people are moving.
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life.
BSB: Stint got out of a bases loaded, no-out situation by striking out the side. SHC - 0, SI coming up
When in Rome, you order from pizza hut right?
anxious about "Library Lounge" proposal. Popular reading, magazines, today's newspapers & comfy furniture. Students would love it right?
Obama dines at Graham Elliot, sure to generate business for the bistronomic restaurant
return it ! They charge u like a $1 a day. But I think after 20 days u can keep it ?
Thanks Lorna. Love my look. RT : Lovely morning working with a lovely lady
We don't have any events for our Friday list of upcoming international student webinars and virtual fairs! Anyone know of any for next week?
But we hate each other. It seems no solution. She gives us a quake, we give her pollution
“: CONGRATULATIONS Elwin with the launch of New Hope Metro!" Thank you Dave for all you prayers and blessings! See you!
OUR ADULT CLASS FOR THE DAY ....... HIP HOP. COME & EXPERIENCE A NEW HIP WAY TO STAY IN SHAPE IN & KEEP THE BODY IN LINE.
That's awesome. I saw you're celebrating at - let me know how it is! I've wanted to try it.
College Fair at Merrimack!
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful mamas out there from #WomenBuild 2012 and beyond.
did you hear the rumor about gagne entering the NFL draft today?
yeah i guess since i'm here i might as well get stuff done...I will probably leave in awhile and work from home....
#Marlins win and now MAMBA in to nail it down for the
RT : I 💙 when people make plans with me and then do something else.
Thanks Patricia!
Habitat Meeting in 30 minutes!!!!! Come now!!
I have a vintage P bass on its way to its new home....me! Stoked for my first Sunburst.
Thank you!!
I write a blog for the trivia nights I do on the quizmaster website Caffreys and now Blackthorn are written by me :-)
Milk or dark chocolate???
what's good Shane? I know you're ballin hard in MIA!
really!! how is that?
Love that you live tweeted your co-working today! Miss ya, lady.
A Terrible Beauty Looking forward to tonight's show!
So you know what leanna looks like b/c she put a pic of herself online.
its a beauty.
Your claim is false. I've never been, and never will be cool.
If Kentucky wins... At least 3 people will die
that awkward moment when i forget every joke I know...
Trying to have a better day than yesterday. Boys are the 👿
Making the necessary commitment will demand discipline and determination.
(a few days late) Seriously... Rodenbach for breakfast cures my hangover tummy. Bier for breakfast is GOOD.
Autograph signing @ Dark Delicacies in Burbank for George's Intervention. Gr8 turnout
- hey, I'll meet you there tomorrow if you are game.
I'm jonesin' for Diet Coke right now. It's seriously a problem.
RT : My mind is made up!!! (In God have I put my trust I will not be afraid what man can do unto me) Psalm 56:11
I hate how i forgive easy😓
You can't even give me grown up advice as a FRIEND how can you be a mother?
Will check it out! Thanks man.
I miss u too
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)': 1
aww i love your account too :) ♥
Am I the only one who's surprised the Olden twins haven't made a creepy murder-suicide movie yet? David Lynch could direct...
#ThingsMyExsaid I didnt mean to hurt you
me ethier it sucks!!!
At first I was surprised b/c Ghave, Animar, Mimeoplasm, etc. are better... Then I realized that nobody actually bought the WBR one
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please,please, please, please, please, please,please,please follow me :)
Caddywompus. That's a word I haven't heard in a long time.
Why are the most active people in my FB feed today bodybuilders posting pics of their muscles AND the morbidly obese posting pics of food?
I just can't argue sports with women, it's against my religion..
Pounded #AudiotreeLive today [] Much Love to
What is everyone doing for the weekend?
He aint ever gonna kno how I feel cuz I kno how he feels
Wait, you're watching "Smash."
Today was a really fun day! Congrats to my brother for graduating college!!!! :D
My mood just went from blah -.- to blah -___- gotta change that lol
Good Night.
Today is why the is the best product in sports
Friendly reminder...city offices are closed on Friday, April 6.
The way I see it. Attitudes AND structures needs reformation. I wouldn't say the fundamental structure is broken
Back in PDX can't believe it's warm here WTF? Stoked to get this week stated right.
I love working out
I am wired this morning
Why am I always the first to initiate shit? BITCH STEP UP.
What? No pics???
I Hear Pheonix Is Like the NBA, White Women For All...
No problem, Dave!
Especially where they don't exist! Don't let facts stop a good story. :) RT : A SANDWICH! Amazing!
Focus less on Birthdays and Start Celebrating Milestones in your Journey of Life.
Flight into Dallas last night was interesting. 1st time I have heard pilot tell attendants to sit on the floor in the aisle.
yes and yay!
you the man!!! Hell of a game... That's why your my fav yankee!! Keep killing it man...
The sun is actually shinning here in Pennsylvania!
Arboreal Overtones. Rosy Particularities. Precious Reciprocity.
Lie to Me?
Thoroughly enjoyed watching ur team play this year, and sitting behind ur bench during sum games COP in Fort Myers.
Yes, motorcycle couple, blast that country tune about the racist drunk driver!
Attack Walmart as if an apocalypse is coming
"Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved."
Thank you!!!
nothing like a beautiful orchid plant for a gift this season. orchid fair this weekend ya'll
Congrats to #AmericanMasters. The Charles & Ray Eames episode that we aired in December just won a 2012 #Peabody Award!
Anything that's worth having is worth fighting for...
Guise my lip is bleedin :(
Choclate tarts are my favorite!!!!
New iPhone!
oh poor Donny, missing all food because of your cleanse!
re: tears...thank you for saying exactly what I've been thinking all day!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you think ur parents are making a dirty reference in front of you but aren't sure
All u fake ass Bulls fans we dont want yo kind when the Bench Mob start going to work. Go hop on LA or MIA dick.
I wholeheartedly agree!!!
Scouting apartment buildings for our next shoot. Two toddlers start screaming, "No paparazzi!"
That's not too bad. I dig the Criterion stuff...takes me back to my VHS days, lol.
See, you're adjusting to life in La Jolla already! Sad day in Boston, huh? RIP Carl Beane.
I thought u were...
RT Brutal to go from games w/ shot clock to games w/out. Teams lead under 3 mins and just stall. That's not basketball.
When will soccer "pundits" stop talking about Kenny Cooper as a viable option up front for US nat'l team?! He has NEVER produced. Move on.
so you wantd me to invite u to work
April fools were going to McDonald's!!!!!
I love series because it means my time with a character/world/story doesn't end, but many kid's/YA books from a series feel incomplete.
Why wait till your last year to fuck up
awesome thanks
Why I am in your tweets? xD
don't let me get my ugly on you
Me too! TODAY is all "kids & FB misuse thse days! Why do they friend coworkers but not list employers? Don't they care abt wk?"
That Chronicle GaGa post was ridiculous. Commenter was right: "I've read better cultural criticism in the New York Post."
Textbook use increases with grade level; standardized test scores decrease by grade level with increased text use
what's good baby
#shoutouts #teamfollowback followed you back bro
Just saw Jeff Garlin chewing food while driving a small car near Farmers Market. Contain your excitement over this tweet, everybody.
Few things will define us more, than by what we give back.
Some people say "you can't live without LOVE" personally, I think OXYGEN is more important. R.S
Looking at a March 17th of the patio! St. Patty's Day party!
I don't want to go to school I mean really why it 7 no one should have to get on the bus at this time or earlier.
yep :) we're dating too. I'll show you a picture tomorrow of how I asked her.
Noo bull!!.. Id stop breathin if she told me 2!..
#church time to do some drumming!
Oh, hello, weekend. So nice to see you again.
Has anyone ever used Amazon's DynamoDB? My rackspace MongoDB is eating hard drive space like a fat kid eats cake.
why do white people hate other white people so much
couldn't say it better myself!!!
they get progressively funnier, now what the heck do we shoot tonight
Q: what's your favorite chocolate? A: nutella <3 so good !
I hope all the Cat Fans are feeling truly blue come Friday Night. Have a great time. GO HOOSIERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE...get word out of he is nice, funny, and supper cutee which is always a pluss(:
Absolutely! I'm loving your feed. Excited to connect with people with similar interests!
Ive been laying in bed for 90% of the day being extremely unproductive..
BREAKING: Suspicious package reported at 400 West North Temple. The bomb squad is on scene. More details on KSL at noon.
today we wandered downtown SF. the beat museum, city lights books, sea lions at pier 39. we are having a wonderful time here! #san francisco
im thankful for my family my son and my PS3 lol beyond
what do I do to enter ?
I could not vote for Ron Paul, but it's great his young supporters are thinking about freedom & the proper role of gov't.
it didn't go off while i wan on air, he.
Absolutely. Great job. RT : Great information in the Q&A with Lance Pierce of
At walmart. #Zap I had some food.
in this game you only use when you fight back.
Had a dream about an old friend last night and when I awoke this morning I had an email from her... weird right?
; i sorry.
New quote from head coach: bouting is where you are today; drilling is where you want to be tomorrow.
it really is! Haha
Mayweather<3 can't wait till the day of the fight!:D
The judges should have totally picked Kendra and Robbie as wild cards. They are AMAZING!!
Thanks, John. Have MetroPCS in UFC tonight and Bridgestone tomorrow night. Big weekend!
my point was that DWill won't sign somewhere else if he has Howard on the roster. Russia wins.
Everyone who wills can hear the inner voice. It is within everyone. G. Good Morning Twitter! Happy Hump Day!
No words.
You thought child labor was bad! Ten-year-old suicide bombers arrested. Taliban told them they wouldn't get hurt. Story on CNN.
follow back please?? <33 (:
Haha :P Okay. Well I Still Miss Our Old Hobby :/ Where We Spray Each Other With The Guns & Stuff :P I <3 Making Cupckaes :P
“: Raiders QB Jason Campbell broke collarbone & is expected to miss season. Huge blow for him & team” bad luck for a nice guy
Ok I guess its official now that the Twitter account is active! Our website will be up shortly! We can fill all of your MMA needs!
I never gave a fuck about anything unless it was : my education OR my gram .
nice little bit on sportscenter haha
I heard the kid was rich, but shit! Can we live here? BOOM! No! fuck no.
aggh- you have me craving fudge...or anything sweet. Diet may have to go out the window today
#Boston if you like good food good drinks and live bands go to #Jonathan's Bar & Grill in #newton. Tell them CUBA sent u an get a deal.
At Head and The Heart concert!!
Ray of Duncanville: This needs to be a balanced state and local partnership. Right now solely at state level. Balanced scorecard.
AND BECAUSE OF HIS BLOOD, I'VE (ALREADY) OVERCOME reminding myself that right now, even though I little down.
#PS3 or die!
Just in time for my lunch time run through NP! RT : playing your request for The Jam now on !
Tweet tweet tweet, Facebook Facebook Facebook
Follow Back
So there's like a .0000000000001% That you'll ever notice me. It's pretty sad too. /:
University researchers found that very young children, once exposed to foods with high sugar, fat and salt contents, develop a palate for...
Thanks for the direct link! Much Appreciated!
ty Happy Friday!!
THX!x“: im telling people ur reall x and this isnt a fake”
Saw the premiere of Thundercats on the Cartoon Network.It was pretty cool.
Time to get rid of things from the past...for good.
Shit I want a puppy.
Grand mothers were ashamed of us . Do you think I give a fuck what YOU thank of us ??
In my lowest state, I think the worst about everybody.
Will do!
Realized: am still trying to dress like a woman I saw walking down the street maybe 15 years ago.
Glad that Walter knows when I'm not feeling well. That puppy has some great intuition.
Yeah, you should meet them (they're all in SoCal) -- they're all amazing women just like you! Will introduce u when I'm down!
Homes are being repaired housing homeless
Hey tweeps? What's the best #iPhone #prank #app?
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 8
Tracking though #DrDee for the first time.
I'm doing this new thing where I don't eat. Starting now.
Answer the question , class is in session.
Chick Beer is now available in Indiana! We're coming out for a visit this week to help get it launched.??Thoughts??
Dinner tonight with my loving bride. What better way to start the weekend.
My personal favorite #thingscustomerssay is "Can I talk to a guy, they'll know what I'm talking about." Thanks Auto Zone.
My nigga I'm faded...
The Pack will be Back!
Thank heavens Elise is safe. Don't save Deandre - please!
We got a badass over here.
I wish my head would stop hurting.
Love the #VersaceforH&M skirt that was wearing on E!News. I totes want one! Gorge.
“ Club Fridays with my girls tonight and ”
Stop in see the Captain before tonight's game! Go Cubs!
RT The guy at the gym said I had spring Spring Booty he tryna see what my Summer Booty looks like//damn shawty thick af!!!
hey boo I miss you
Its cool tho..
lol kevin xD I love him
I don't know but I'm guessing would have an answer
Someone show me some love. :) •Diamond
Happy Gaper day! Come and hang out with Jenn and I at Cecilia's!! Party holla!!
Woody and buzz. What a combo.
gee. I hope he has something to fall back on...“: Titans told safety Myron Rolle they plan to release him.”
setting up for the Infrared Radiation Orch. First Theramin on our stage.
Watching Killer Clowns with my nephew on netflixs
i know. :( I had to run to next gig. next time you are coming to SF, we are hanging out! Feel better, Alex!
birthday cake batter!!!!!
yes it does
os upgrade just 30$ if its that big an issue :P
idk if im getting a new phone or not. if i dont i wont beable to tlk to u till saturday :'(. its cuz im goin to my dads.
A stunning variety of items, including Italian embossed & Florentine papers, shimmers, sparkles and sheers, and much, much more!!
High five ! Have a great, sunny #Seattle day...off to Greenlake!
Day 1 of Insanity complete.  I made it through the Fit Test this time. Quality over quantity!
scale move. scale move. scale move. scale move. sculpt! export. upload. (What my dreams will be like for the next few weeks)
follow me please
That runner must score.
btw, if you ever need an extra pair of eyes - just shout
Finally off of work. getting dinner with Chris and Sarah then picking up our gear from the warehouse. It's been too long
#nw Office Space - Hilarious movie!
Press Digest: Sunday British business - May 6
RUSHERS ELEVATE WITH BTR!!! :)
Hey Dax. I'm not sure if he's still signed or not. 5 losses in a row is tough, but his last fight was a great one, so I hope!
I'm sure twitter is the last thing on your mind right now. But when you can, let tw know. Bet a lot of people are waiting on that
I haven't seen it before - applying programming principles to metadata
oh yea, I forgot about that..... #basketballwivesseason25 ??
Another beautiful day. High around 70, with plenty of sunshine. Even warmer temperatures tomorrow.
Wow....Tupac Hologram....wow..hologram
Is anyone still up?
Can't share in 140 characters lol... It just gets old.. I'm fine :) RT : wtheck happened
I really need to get a new laptop
come to Oregon
I was hurting the last stretch but not w/ the end in sight. I feel it now but there was no pain for a while after that finish!
Finishing up Saul Bellow's HERZOG. #fridayreads What are you reading?
Hey Android users, any app recommendations for me? "Angry Birds" responses not required or encouraged.
And, I'm the only Mom here in business clothes and four inch heels. Talk about feeling out of place.
Admire and beware ... The Cultural Revolution is finally in the United States . Please no Mao hats hats
Tht's scary part, "support their 'government' & OBEY (my emphasis) orders."Y do U thnk ppl say kids won't B "socialized"?
Scotch is evil.
"boom. what's that? me droppin some knowledge on you!" haha love it!!
So I went over to and bought the garbage disposal & hubs will go buy the tractor there this evening.
Congrats you know we love to keep u in nola....
The float is ready for take off at the parade!
Yes I'm watching #nerdprom too. It used to be our fun cspanafterdark newsjunkie secret. Now it's kind of bitter and angry.
RT : "SEO is a noun, verb, and adjective." — Todd Malicoat
Pretty great lunch yesterday good job to Donald Link and the crew, I've miss you guys
Hah I'm sorry Hannah I know. My emotions get the best of me sometimes.
i wanna cuddle with you. >.>
Steve Jobs was a master of pop culture! Sez #techcrunch blog on KNX1070 AM live!
Eating TJ's Triple Berry O's for breakfast. Trying to tweet more.
I didn't know girls were supposed to get guys flowers for prom too...
Taylor Bakery made that King Cake. They do a great job.
It's a tent sale this weekend at Gadhafi's!
Just had a helpful meeting with my assistant principal and principal. The takeaway: I need to be meaner in the classroom. Hmm. Can I do it?
I still must finish a chemtrail, a dog collar and an eyeball before my work is done.
LaGarrett Blount on the field for Ducks
I Am So bored bored bored So Imma go Make Some Soup :3 maybe I will cuz in lazy haha
Troy brouwer yeah
Flavor of the week dark chocolate raspberry
...Now Let Me See Ya Hips SWING!
Finally found Smiley Lewis's 45 "I Hear you Knocking" on Imperial 5356. Sorry Fat's & Dave Edmunds but you ain't got nothin'on old Smiley
We are so close to first place in the state race! Vote every day for New Mexico Dogs Deserve Better and re-tweet please!!...
Being normal isn’t one of my strengths:)
I just apologized to a chair, I need to go to sleep.. Only 4 more days!! #Goodnight<3
I just can't handle cody okay.
Visit www.FIDPA.com and take a look at The International Poker Rule #62.2 Raise Requirement
Thanks!! We're having fun!!
Public comment continues after one hour on #FatCityLofts project at CCDC. Each side pretty much saying the same thing: jobs main issue.
I'm gonna try to get Keith to forward my selections to all his members for a bit of self promo : ~ haha !
Awesome the 15th is a Sunday. Gives me another day to file my IRS extension.
I got some niggas in prison that ain't coming home, and they main hoe done put a block on the phone.
Jessica alba on Ellen DeGeneres show. Two awesome females, each in their own way.
Great!...it's Friday :D
you talm bout tha abc version of it?
lmfao , he's here I'm tryna put his lil ass too sleep ,
Only thing better than finding money on the pavement is using it to see in Chicago in a bit over a week!! xx
Read your DM's.
I see a ticket purchase in my near future!!
it was during the summer time
I have some stalker for some reason who's slandering me to everyone for no reason. I have no idea what's going on. I want to cry actually.
#Onthisday Bob Marley died 30 years ago today at the Cedars of Lebanon Hospital, now University of Miami Hospital.
awww that's so sweet of u to say.. But that's just how it go's with my type of profession and exposure.. Makes me laugh tho
Saw guy with a tail. Might have been blowing in the wind, but I think he was wagging it
^es yes pilates is a beast
Apparently it did!!!
Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!
: After Work Thursdays Happy Hour followed by Latin Gold Thursdays Tonight at Presented by
That's very true. I wouldn't do it if I wasn't pre-med haha. And yes, I am in a fraternity. You should rush! It's a lot of fun!
Brooks Laich. What the hell are you doing right there?
I just shit a foot long turd.
Twitter account hacked, do not open DM from , it will continue to spread!
Finishing an insightful #12NTC session on #theoryofchange by When was the last time your org updated yours?
Yeah, that would be maddening. My profs never had tests. All our grading was based on attendance and hw.
McKenna: we don't do a good job of building coalitions. Schimming: liberals do it all the time. We only do it at election time
Gonna go eat.
wat ARE YOU SAYING
Can you make a pic for me will i'm making one for you?
Does anyone know of any FB games that are actually fun to play?
Got pinned today! Oh yea rank 6 of 89.
RT : CNN just ran another story on orange juice futures. Must be a core component of our financial system.
I know someone selling tix ... message me on Facebook if interested ... Right Field Bleachers & preferred parking pass.
You might fall, but don't fall off.
excited for the auburn meet!
Is Search engine marketing is easy to value
FOLLOW ME LIL TWIST
Thanks for the love
Relaxing today! Not a single thing I HAVE to do today. I am in control of the tv remote!
Ok. RT There are only 2 ways to walk: 1.your boobs bounce 2.your boobs don't bounce
Happy mothers day I love you mom even if we fight I love you still I wouldn't be hear with out you! I love you mommy
Dear pillow. Why did you cast me under a spell of sleep for TWO HOURS?!
aww man:/ On the bright side, I got another pic like 10 mins ago (:
You have my condolences.
Due to inclement weather Theta Chapter has will postpone our Founder's Day BBQ to TOMORROW from 12-4PM! We hope to see many of you there :)
#progressparty was awesome. they really load you up at lounge201.
Not too bad. Been working on a Congressional Campaign up here, and still keeping the social media consulting alive.
why haven't u been on live bro I finally got halo back.
thank goodness the butterfingers are finally all gone. i finally have half a chance at self-restraint.
On Virgin America flight from SFO to san Diego. What a great experience. Well worth the upgrade cost. Wow. Real food!
Its been just over 2 weeks since Austin Mahone tweeted me <3 (;
A3: trusting is like walking in the dark, holding someones hand..we fear the darkness or losing our hold
: wish I could come and photograph you in concert!
is now taking headshots for just $80! Great photographer!! Email for samples of work! (LA based)
Every morning, it seems to me that if I sleep for 5 minutes then I need good sleep: D
Yep. Found my pop sound. Game over.
Googling "zerg rush" has been the most productive thing I've done today.
michelle beadle love u and will u be my wife yes she will
This weekend was great but I am ready for home. :)
Two lost possessions. This is killing me. Reset the offense don't throw the ball away!
Why doesn't the city organize this in a 21st century manner?
RT looking to be your next hair stylist. Check out my hot hair line of products.
just a thought mate. I try to strive to know what hiring mangers want& thus I can hunt better :) its a both side involvement.
Oh yeah!!! Twitter! I forgot you were here. Sorry.
It's nice to shoot a wedding where you get to catch up with a lot of old friends.
Yeah, pretty amazing the O's won with those stats in their lineup. Hardy picked him up, big. Funny he's barely over .200 now.
Tune into at 1pm to find out details and show your support to the Mighty 91 during our spring membership, drive if you can! 4147991917
Say 5ive. Wen life seems unholy follow that righteous path. #NoPig ya dig. Almighty
Donald Trump endorsing Mitt Romney is like Randolph endorsing Mortimer in Trading Places.
#MoreFemalesShould have more self respect & stop sleeping around, because it's you all who have guys thinking us Good Girls don't exist.
Thats Sum Real Stuff...
Kodak easy share aint so easy..
I always preferred Lewis Black's "Jesus Christ on a crutch!"
RT : HUGE problems on the roads this morning. Ice spots everywhere. with more on
Always darlin'... always! :)
not a lot man...livin! How's the SoCal life??
lol RT : Lol well damn RT : i plan on it RT : Would you marry one of yo follower
was i close?
When an actor comes to me and wants to discuss his character, I say, 'It's in the script.' If he says, 'But what's my motivation
Apr 04,2012: Photos with the Easter Bunny: 10:00am: Mayfair Mall. The Easter Bunny is hopping in for visits and photos
RT : Welcome back, football.
Are you at the home games, either as a fan or media? There's a good chance I'm at another Celtics game this year.
I love you more than the sun and stars that I taught how to shine
Stop believing the liars, trusting the backstabbers, and loving the heart breakers.
Yup those ones haha!
- i am really like the bells though, seriously. I can feel it working my core like CRAZY!!
well start acting right an u get a good one
I need ur help with these school papers!!!
WOW, Casey McGehee is back! He launched that pitch to make it 5-4
lol that's a different story.
I think I just saw using scaffolding to stretch like a ballerina & no one noticed.
lol hopefully someone might notice and take that off in case. Hopefully. (till then I would laugh x)
My dad did the MMA class with me last night. Lol
breaks em down 1 by 1 just like he says..... Good return mane
I don't want to see the same matchups over and over again even if its rivalry. It's fine the way it is.
There comes a time when you have to be your own hero. Because sometimes, the people you can't live without, can live without you.
He's a beast. #greenjacket for sure. Well deserved
”I am as graceful as a refrigerator falling down a flight of stairs.”
RT : lol your thinking about breakfast I'm thinking about dinner.
We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful. ~ Warren Buffett
Austins toenail loves you(: and so does austin!(:
Bowling with and
- I believe that's the Wizards former strength coach who went with Eddie Jordan to Philly.
RT : Knick fans chant "Asshole", but they don't realize Lebron's asshole is the shape of how many wins they have.
Another beautiful Wisconsin day to enjoy! I love it here!
if I ever went to Cali you would be the first person I hit up. Then possibly some other people.
Driving to work observing massive trees lining St. Paul, wondering what trees have seen over the many years of their existence.
People are gettin rowdy already
Late night workout. Lets go!
LMAO!!! I swear you deserve an award for that tweet
I love watching you watch the Hawk game almost as much as the game itself! u crack me up :)
Followed Me Yesterday!
heading to BBC tonight myself. When you gonna be there?
Wags R Us!!! Come follow US~~~
Ebay and Word Press --making a living from home. It's not rocket science and no, I"m not selling anything. My tips are free
ha ha ha ha that's hilarious. I love the itsdrunkoutside comment.
are at #bigboldbenefit next to soo many superstars
thank you
You're so hot :)
Spanish is boring... Why cant school end at 3 like normal people school :P hahaha
I hear and I forget; I see and I remember; I do and I understand. ~ Confucius
really not looking forward to this doctors appointment. :/
next time i'm out, we'll test how many rounds you can go
hey thanks, big follow!
Thank you so much for the compliment, always a pleasure to see you.
well said. Either exploiting action or determining the action.
watching bat for lashes on letterman. bjork/kate bush comparisons are so right! ps. her drummer is hott!
Thanks for posting the storytime resources!
Hamas' escalating attempts to force Israel into war are becoming irresistible. How will the world, Egypt in particular, respond?
The fml moment when u up date ur internet and it kicks u off facebook and twitter....... not liking it
Except one problem.... My lazy ass don't wanna get up....
Have not yet TRIED reboot! Am just completely obsessed w/Gina McKee. *I* want to obsess my life away on her.
i need to gain more followers if you follow you will get a guarantee follow back so follow me
found out I'm getting the pains in my legs because I have scar tissue from surgry pushing on nerves..gotta do cortisone shot
#FF follow this awesome person shes sweet ,loves botdf! and has sparkly balls!! :D <3
SoCal Newsletter just went out and are on with Leno tonight. Good #Berklee day.
yes we want another back at home
#IfOlnyHeKnew that i LOVE you and i will ALWAYS be a belieber!<3 I promise <3
On the town tonight with my lovely wife Cinda. Delicious dinner is finished. Now we wait for the doors to open for Wicked.
We are currently booking a US tour around Orion Music and More! If you are interested in booking us email
"Wow your tall, do you play basketball?"... "Wow your small, do you play mini golf?"
hahahaha seriously we have problems...
Last day before out GI/reproductive unit test... time to review everything!
Yes, 'mommy' + 'librarian' can be stressful, & I ended up with a collection of half-eaten pic book discards 4 the offspring.
basketball shorts will be the death of my iPhone, everything I move or get up this thing is flying everywhere
oh no! Im sorry. :( will you be able to stay home and get some rest?
I love P90X. I see you tweet on it a lot.
Need friends to follow the Boys & Girls Club...visit to follow... Need as many "followers" as we can! Please follow! Thanks.
I follow for the same reason I follow I like fiction.
stop it
Just reached 10th prestige on #CoD .....
nothing pithy, witty, or charming to say today.
howw you doing sweet cheeks.?:-)
I'm laying in bed, wishing you were here. I miss you, if it's not already evident. <3
-bah, hard to imagine how I could have played that worse..cash game now
I Grind so hard ppl think i be showin out its plenty Money In these STREETS it up to u to Chase it.stop hatin and apply urself
Hecka sick though.
Dear , I mean I guess I can forgive you. No wonder I hardly saw my #1 photographer. How amazing was that slushie though eh
"Allie stinks. Put it in the stick. Put it in the stick. Yeah!"
SS I just deleted like 4 new contacts with no numbers saved from my phone on my Very Drunken Birthday Party.
Light pollution? If you are not operating a telescope, is it really pollution?
I wanna move away meet new people and leave everyone and everything behind but I know that's not gonna happen right now
It's time to make my health the first priority! Exercise, yoga, meditation, a diet that nourishes me completely & does not deplete me.
Getting really paranoid. Hopefully Jim Carrey and coldplay will help me out.
Its MAD THURSDAY hosts Halloween Bash!! w/ there early Free Beer Bar from 10-11!! O'Malleys 2249 N.Sheffield.
Sometimes just chilling listening to #music and nothing else is all I need
lol. I do that! Hold it up myself, but same thing!
its so boring when austins not home :p
explains is you win you eat program #GoViks!
excited to finally be in Austin, it's been awhile.
hahaha you're hilarious.
Please RT: Looking for story ideas for a notes package for Saturday's paper. Email thoughts to
Ha. Bynum still has a lot of potential and time to develop. We'll see if he works on his pick & roll D this summer
ill fight till the end for her heart Ill never give up for what’s possibly
Hard work and motivation makes all the difference!
RT : Shout out to Michael Field from San Diego Natural History Museum for sharing his knowledge of exhibit installation. PRICELESS
will post videos soon....
mm cool broo
do you ever just zone out and wonder what would have happened if you never gave trying out a shot?? xx.
Doors open tonight open mic comedy
Arrow and Cult are the only ones I will check out. I feel the others will fail. BatB won't do any better post TVD. E.md(Tues)= X
Good Night !
Great board meeting this morning. Looking forward to passing business tomorrow!
I'm stuck doing my brother's science project? thanks mom.
