I am allergic to April, the Southwest, moths, and waking up before 8am.
Tosh.O greatest show ever
it helps when you don't add the extra 's' ;)
Husband or Wife -remix- 🎥 video coming soon the cuzzo ft real shyt S/O #FWM #CokeBoy We on FIRE lol
Tweet tweet tweet
I love tweeting and using recently used hashtags, especially when it makes no sense.
Ok....How is everybody doing today?Hopefully your monday hasnt been as crappy as mine haha
I stopped reading homeless people's cardboard signs I just hand them money and send them with the prayer
It was great to meet you, too, Nicole! 'Looking forward to the #Indy librarians tweetup in June! 'See you at the theatres, too!
Inaugural meeting of the Harvey-Casper appreciation society!
Wat it is anit been on here n a while wat have I miss
Wanna eat some pussy
'borscht' = russian for nausea
:( My thoughts are with you guys.
I'll make out with my bf on the side of the street. Idgaf what no one thinks.
you were absolutely amazing
Great example: how can we preserve electronic communication between migrants & homelands, esp for oral cultures?
and chest hair too!! ;)
Do you think they should put Eric Smith on the top of the float at the #giantsparade today?
Tyra's the only one out of everyone I know, that's read it, that likes Will
no problem. Hope you are doing well.
yea I wanted to go there. Stuck at UofA. Still represent GB though.
On the way to JR's bar & grill for the 8:00 show.
I did not say that
Palermos Pizza,perfectly poured drafts from the FINEST tap system $ can buy,hotties dotting the venue, Ivy's deliciousness is mind bottling!
Just found out shipment of Pantaleo delayed til next week. In the meantime, we're featuring Bianco Sardo (Italy/Hard/Sheep) on chz plate
Marquise Trevon Wilson & his 2 Blue's are on their way to "Nastie Garage's Cali <3 Car Event/Meet" in Pomona 2 see what it do! :-D
updating my various "official" web pages: SJSU Experts, SJSU Publications, SJSU Dig Repository. Yeesh, we need a single locale
Where in the world is CEO Elisabeth Mason? She & VP Nate Falkner in Dallas at the Assn of Community College Trustees meeting.
I remember the era of carbon paper too. But I am NOT old! I refuse...lol
i love youu too aynna! :D
impact of private investment in education, good and bad
Out with Hanover/Bates neighbors on their weekly safety walk.
Please stop allowing bands to upload music with nudity as album artwork. It is offensive and will bring a boycott if not stopped
What's happening?
You're absolutely right. It makes me tired and sleepy too! Çok teşekkürler! :)
I didn't think I was going to finish in time, but I did. Whew! I love Glee!
no problem! have you gotten the chance to check out our music?
You need to identify your long term goals and realize the amount of risk you are willing to take in the stock market
Thanks I will have another!
Come on Arkansas!
Caught up with some residents at City of Gold casino in Pojoaque. Red Cross not accepting pets, so tribe set up a separate shelter.
Keep my friend lovely in prayer her family is Jehovah's witness & she got kicked out her house today for following Christ
Thanks for telling me, now I'm gonna go watch you.
Well Hello Nick, just wanted to tweet you let you know "Big Windy Cat", on the No Limits CD 09 ' is fresh. *(*.
What is the point anyway? How can you gauge how the intensity of fans? Half the finalists aren't from WI nor own tickets.
Rooting for kuchar to win the masters.
RT Need to get my diet and exercise on
I can be on your website for HOURS! Literally! Love your work!
Cry me a river or ?..
Oh the hat! Yes, it makes me happy! :)
Patron and corona with brad in Hillsboro. Ballet status.
Yes indeed!!! Yandy I wish you were on this show!!RT : Basaketball Wives...tuned in!
Hitting and relief pitching need to improve NOW!
Kinda feels left out now since everything's changed...
Twitter .... Please increase your damn capacity.
Hell yea Mavs!!!
First time using Twitter on a computer.(: Listening to Halestorm.<3 They are amazing!!! (:
My train is experiencing equipment problems. This is no way to reward getting up early for work!
thats how you work you work your way into my heart right there lol
RT : What do Republicans call a gay man with neoconservative passion, a committed relationship and personal courage? A faggot.
Hey everyone! Please check me out on YouTube! And also please buy my song Forgive and Forget on iTunes!
Sunshine makes morning errands easier
When we text, we want to talk to you, don't ignore us. Read between the lines. It's a good sign.
brother, i hope all is well with you. Miss ya homie. Have a great last month of school & if u ever need anything, just hit me up
On a lighter note, #FOX can now run their scheduled programming of Bill Cunnigham, Steve Wilkos and Jerry Springer.
Spending the day with
January Special! Enjoy 50% off w/ me until 1/28 at Call 414.988.4165 to book. Certain conditions apply.
I love my little group of followers! We should all get together some weekend and have a bake sale or something.
#Washi has been made for 1400 years from the barks of 3 renewable plants: kozo, gampi and mitsumata
thx - you guys need all the help you can get in November. I plan to be a registered voter by then...
omg babe YOUR american accent WITH a hint of your accent... SEXY AS HELL #approved ;P
I had the same feeling, just with more colorful words.
I had sex while portishead was playing once. Oh god. and it was Glory box of all songs. I felt like i was in some HBO porno. awkward
This is dumb as fuck!! RT : Spell "Saggin" backwards... yep... exactly...
read essay by Romney ex partner on why inequality is good he's not talking about middle class
Down like Charlie Brown :-)
Thanks Richard!
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. -John F. Kennedy
oh, gleeks. I could only ever do those by accident.
Thank goodness I had a phone tracking app today after I left my phone at the movies!
looking forward to draft.
Can't go to sleep. I'm doomed.
Got pictures taken downtown today in 25 degree weather wear a short sleeve shirt.
will you have a booth?
I thought my computer broke today for several hours until I fished out an old plug from a box & tried it. It was terrible, I'm still shaking
What a surprise...
doesn't mean they can go to raves whenever they want.
im in the mood to sleep more.
#whyigive so valuable to keep top-of-mind in our hectic world. Thank YOU, Michael
Phoenix ... where's ur dad?
Who is watching #kimwedding?! :D
Happy March! new course coming this month "New Certified Safety and Health Manager (CSHM) examination Preparation Program"
you didn't even text me back!
#sfgiants I need u
Yea but that's obvious ahah!
I will when you get here! HURRY UP!!!!!
is going to be a beat this week...
Great post on the Porsche tribute, amazing photos
I'm up north again, but not too far. Red Roof on 35 N. Definitely booking earlier next year.
That would be funny if Courtney Love became a manager at a Carvel and her dream finally came true.
is introducing the Libraries, Archives, and Museums: Beyond the Silos strategic conversation at Harvard today
We r willing to spend outrageous amounts of time & money perfecting our make-up, putts, clothing, car, serves & hair. But our HEALTH?
I'm so high on life I got that rockstar mentality....
Lebron thrives in MSG!!
i would date u every day and sometimes more than once on weekends and we'd make youtube videos together and delete them
Unreal. RT : The #Badgers have now blocked the entire ACC from Jarrod Uthoff's transfer list.
I don't understand >.<
Judge called Sidebar after Baez referred to Ashton "This laughing guy here". That's unprofessional expression from Mr. Baez.
I don't think still drinks tea. Specially not on tour it's all bout the CIROC.
Not a bad idea. Thanks for the suggestion.
Thought I was deathly late... Turns out I'm n hour early!
Played the music too loud, my head feels like its about to explode and my phone is almost dead too(x #AndHereComesTheSun… #ItWasAGoodNight(:
He Kicked Him In His Balls Hard ! : 0 I Was Like Damn..
Ugh-- hate it when that happens! Thanks for letting me know, though. Have a great day! Marta
Goin to cedar point next weekend
SPRING BREAK! Let's get it started.
long live the pimp m/f... #joemoneyjr #rippimpc #P I Bmoss
RT : Atlanta clearly hasn't recovered from the Great Chicago Collapse of two nights ago.
Super thanks to I'm instantly addicted to
We saw the Rib Whip broke down on the Bay Bridge a couple weeks back. :-(
Thanks for including us!
real men dnt play volleyball, pussies do.
RT : Best friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you anyway. - Elbert Hubbard
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!! Im glad were connected and looking forward to seeing u all next Thurs@ our Radio event with
Know a rockstar salesperson ready to join a fast growing group buying company? Have them email us:
Agreed. I hope Tebow personally gives you a high five for all the fighting you do for him.
BUT, if u run for 30 or walk for 60 min, that can burn about the same amount of calories! Intensity & duration are determining factors.
Watching the #bruins game! And what is wrong with this picture?
Packers team this one for Philbin get this one today #GOPACKGO smash this team.
we're hoping you smoke them both!!
Who wants a twig when you can have the whole tree ;)
love your background bruvvva!
Soo tired from gymnastics..finally got my pull-over on bars lol☺😁💗
ugh, I don't feel like doing any of this homework..
Clippers score at beginning of 3rd qtr. Miss the extra point. Colonials 7:6 Clippers.
OH MY GAWD THERE ARE PUPPIES IN THE LIBRARY.
I'm at bday party and this is getting really deep lol
Sims 3 pets <33333 Txt me (:
I'll make sure u make the credits. Unless u star as IT guy alone in dark lib, trying to install something... *creepy music*
first i park my car, then i fuck yo bitch
Let us be thankful for the fools. But for them the rest of us could not succeed. ~Mark Twain
we're in VA dropping kid off at college, but welcome home! 8:00 am Mass? :-)
Ok I gotta see this Asham Beagle fight
I'm still lost. And btw it won't let me DM back because you're not following me.
It's The Rangers series to win now.
Yep, I teach stats every semester, so that prob explains it. When I teach inequality, they all do well!
What a day!
Paparazzi and lunatic fans don't realize how dangerous they make a situation.
Does this Borders bankruptcy affect O'Reilly at all or is it a non-issue?
Did someone say food?
lost my tennis matches today ... haha I kept laughing because of the tennis mockumentery
Can't wait!
I didn't say you had to give me your heart..keep that shit, but you ain't gotta be a bitch.
okay...i hope they tell us soon!!! omg i'm so excited to go!!! <3 <3 i hope they do meet n greets....
How did u tell me I was good for u and still leave jokes on me
i never knew you could be this shallow.
Kissed a beautiful girl for the first time in months and it was amazing!
Got that right
How many times can a guy tell me he is too important for me before I get it? #LotsOfTimes,Apparently
Eden Rooftop is bananas right now!! Dj Life flowing. Get here now!!
BTW, love the infographic-ized resume you have linked from your Twitter profile. ^AW
thanks man! already have a lot to tell you about when I get back
I love it the dream ticket, problem is Romney will not endorse this man's behavior.
Why is lion king trending?
Damn CJ has a nasty ERA.. I still love him and I believe in him, you'll get it back tomorrow! Beat stl!!
dammit print is not coming out just right and i am low on ink. damn you insanely expensive pro9000 ink.
Good morning all - thanks for supporting our free shipping event over the weekend
thank you spreading Slap Bass Ninja on twitter! Also, congrats on working with Gerald! He's awesome!
Today somebody called me a trouble maker. I said "I'm glad you've been paying attention
Any Xbox live players wanna get a ass whoopin on 2K?
...stovetop. We've only got one fryer, I'm afraid. But we're happy to do it!
Happy Mothers day to my beautiful best friend :) Angel has been blessed with a great mommy!
Matzah Ball was super duper fun! I wish I went to formal though
Quote from my acting teacher: "Everything and the possibility of becoming anyone are inside of you" (STAR POWER)
yeah that's kinda what I'm thinking. I may bring robin with me too. I'm not positive I can miss work Friday but we'll see
Lanham: Elbow's new book "promises to be a humdinger, so go out and buy it. After you buy mine, of course."
its going good! Went to visit my older brotha b4 I go to work
PLEASE JUST ANSWER ME FOR ONCE
Jamming to #MarvinsRoom with the peeps! Hahhaa (:
that's what friends are for “: seducing me into the Cult of the Ipad....”
I was inspired this morning by your #ASTD2012 presentation with on using games to engage learners. Outstanding!
this morning I am going to greet everyone I call, or who calls me "wakey wakey eggs and bakey" in honor of
You should really stop throwing away the whole cake after eating the one piece. It's really wasteful man.
Yes! I agree.
Why does "Ribbon in the Sky" always slay me? And why must it be playing at brunch? Lawdy.
New course? Expect the unexpected.
Perhaps we need to approach it like NPR - ask for donations for folks that find value in the interpretive services provided
please follow me?:)x
So they can loose again? Lmao
Happy Birthday Trayvon Martin. REST IN PARADISE. *pours Arizona*
Surgery went well. She's eating now. Praying to be released SOON.
Just saw DETROPIA (the only screening) at #MDFF12. I'm a fan of both directors so of course, I loved it.
I have like 4 Cs and there is like no school left... Ugh what am I gonna do :(
Wait.. Gee's trending?
Got our marriage license today!
Q2 Can prizes be things like one overdue forgiveness, 10 free prints, etc?
Why are the read 180 kids having a celebration you motherfucks had 4 years to pass and finally did
it has been damn but I'm doin good, hope you are too.
RT : It's $1 Burger Night at Bar Louie tonight! Stop down after 5:00pm to enjoy 1/2 lb. burgers for just a buck!!!
History Channel Zombies: A Living History is on tonight.
maybe it's an inside joke. Just didn't want to write an article and get the "correct" terms wrong.
Watch Good Christain Belles sunday on ABC.
Woo! Now we're using timeline!!
you're a minimalist, like me
Is everyone ready for the weekend? What are your plans?
UGC = user generated content - blog posts & comments, restaurant/product reviews, tweets, FB status updates, etc.
Watching "Nip Tuck" for the 1st time
oh good, the plumber has returned. Now I can continue to sit here and listen to him talk to himself.
Back in my home for the week.
Dinner Special has begun! Choice of Kabob or Gyros, rice, braised green beans, Spanakopita, dolmas, pita & Soup or Salad! Starts at $13
RT : SERIOUSLY, I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW MUCH FUN WE'RE ABOUT TO HAVE
hey thanks babe
RT : "The best way to predict the future is to create it."
Thanks for the Support!
It's warm outside. I need to think of something chilly for dinner.
RT : : Such a double standard: when a guy sleeps with a bunch of girls, he's a "stud," but when I do, I'm a "lesbian"
Gronk is on another level..and I despise the Pats
Ugly and you know it!!! Ugly Christmas sweater party this Saturday! $2 Miller Lites and $2 Captain Morgan Drinks!
Congrats on getting linked in that Greenwald post. Hope you are well.
O_O.....FrAcK...... I Finally came to a decision.
Restaurant Online ordering provider, orderTalk Inc., expands customer service commitment in the United Kingdom. (PRWeb May 11, 2012) Read
Are you applying logic to politics? Oh, if only...
have fun at the meet and greet! Arrive later tonight...check u tomm.
Swing by the Event at to purchase tix to the Holiday Gala!
sounds good to me :)
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Yes. It's a generational tragedy.
Love reconnecting with old friends. It's one of the best joys in my life :)
Reconsidering my faith in language priming studies until someone does research where they test every word combination possible.
yep! haha. Press Pass Music...only up-and-coming bands/musicians from #OrangeCounty. Such great times.
So excited for a relaxing day with this sweetheart :)
RT : Shout out 2 my new follower [TYVM! Go Brooklyn! Got it goin there JohnnieFloss!]
I had goat cheese, almonds and dates in my salad tonight and thought of you :-)
is it 2nd Saturday again? I'll should come out of my cave tomorrow.
Im looking into free agency and the draft is coming soon
#DonaldDriver Keep the faith....
Definitely a funny "coincidence" ;-)
Me too! Looks great sitting anywhere.
Also, cool show tomorrow in TALLAHASSEE, FL at Floyds w/ Forever & Always, Metanoia, Tourist, Oh The Let Go, & Interstate Heartbreak!
your not alone. Sad to day I've done that before too. Just have to laugh about it :)
Party, Dance and try new Craft Beer!
Won our 1st game this morning. We r in the final 4
Moving; is a step into a new....be joyous in it!
Text TREVOR to 85944 and make a $5 donation to support the life-saving work of the in recognition of #TrevorLive tonight
I am about to be ghost on EVERYBODY........ Watch i'm done with everybody
My mom is coming to SD FOR MY GRADUATION YES!!!!!!!!!!
RIP Wade Belak. You will certainly be missed.
Recorded a couple of demos yesterday, trying out a borrowed Cascade Victor on vocals. What's the vector, Victor?
1) Raise taxes, keep race in town 2) Take out loans to solve 10% of a problem 3)??? 4) Profit!
Happy Birthday to our intern from , Kathryn!
It's Electric! Gotta see this, ehe Hottest New Thing In Candles,
Halloween potluck + costume contest for ascedians Friday. $50 Gift Card on the line. Stay tuned for pics.
When you are family member of someone in the service you are always weary of an army vehicle arriving with a chaplain.
Thank you! She's a newbie.
now we are far away. But soon we will be closer I am sure
Karl, I am so disappointed.
"I'm Bringing Sexy Back!" Oh no. Hunny, you're the reason it left.
Happy Easter <3
RT Well, I am partial to Red Fin's happy hours 4-6p & 10p - close <--:: laugh:: Okay, not Belltown, but I'll give you that 1. ;-)
haha... Yes, it's rough. I wish it was like this everyday... took a random half-day from work to mainly do some writing.
Why is everyone sleeping on TMO all of a sudden ? This song still gives me life !
Caylee's such a wild sleeper!
Priceline Earnings Could Give Stock A Pop Next Week
Sometimes i regret .......
If you come to Taberna del Alabardero and check-in Yelp's mobile app, we offer 20% discount on paella of Chorizo, ribs and fried egg!
wow we're just so good at telling time!
yes other things like C-league soccer, C-league indoor football, C-league hockey ... why not take pride in one REAL team?
Cool - good luck!
I *don't* own a cat and according to today's #c21nonhuman sessions that makes me a pretty radical academic! ;-)
thanks for the follow back! :D xoxo
So exicited for the how I met your mother season finale tonight!
My Mom>>> anyone else's mom :)
“: *switches to NASCAR*” haha so true!
TGIF! What are your plans for the weekend? Shopping?
Life is strange the person you want sometimes doesnt want you as bad as you want them....I wish they would just man up and say so
how much do you guys have to pay in taxes out of ur check though? I've heard its killer...
Still in hospital. Were getting close hopefully. My bet is 7:15 PST.
I just met a really nice twig. It's my friend now. We have so much in common. It's brown, it's in the grass, it's got no wheels.
Flyline Search Marketing welcomes newest client #AllensFlowers of San Diego, California. They are San Diego's premier floral design center!
Hopefully Alex can take me home tomorrow after home room. :)
tr ondemand yoga @ yogatailor.com RT : too tired to go to yoga, on demand workout it is
War in Iraq is over! One to go! ...Sigma out
"Wanna go for a ride?" Uhh...ok.
Yeah ! Such a great game and amazing performances by Terry and JJ.
thank you breathe carolina for keeping me company while i cleaned my room.
in which case our dad just got a whole lot cooler. his JQ: through. the. roof. ...pic to follow.
Pretty jealous of my lil bro who gets to go see Van Halen in Nashville tommorow night!
People who control your funding probably don't care about "nerd metrics" like visits, likes, etc
why am I just starting to follow you now? I really thought I was already!
Hey crazy man yelling about Jesus.
We appreciate you! RT : I got 10 on it... --->RT : Looking at some of the footage from So excited!
Sittin with my brother while he records some covers of Zac Brown Band.. he's so talented
back at ya! Say hi to my old colleague David Press.
aw ur so sweet thanks for reminding me
At work so lost right now
only if you do too bby:) <3
Thanks : This is amazing! And its literally outside my back door. Smells amazing too. (@ Carmel Farmers Market w/ 11 others)
... do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)
OMGCF ! Did y'all really kiss Cody on the cheek ?
"Medium sweaty"
How was heaven when you left it?
Thank you for the follow! :-)
I started my excercising again! 1st day 5miles!!! :-) and a 100 crunches....
moving sucks!
i decided to make a fb.. but only cuz its the only way i can stay in touch with my friends from other countires :P
what my Love isn't hard :-)
Keep those beautiful mornings coming!
i'll see what I can do.
"Not to be racist." Oh god that shit pisses me off when people say that. 
Thanks for spreading the word!
i would never wanna leave. RT : If El Paso's weather was like THIS everyday >
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the the universe.” Albert Einstein
Oona Schmid: But the broader question is, are these really the right #publishing and #copyright models going forward?
I hope Demian Bichir wins. He's a gem.
Thank you for contributing! We'd love to have you anytime!
thanks Shelly for RT- how are you?
Thanks for the RT my friend! Cheers!
yea but I gtg my sister gets mad when I'm watching a movie with her and I'm on twitter lol
: hahah have fun
i will but i hit the following limit so u hav u wait a few days???
Hope you are having a blessed Tuesday as well!!! Xo
I know *shrugs* I'll stop now..
e_o NOT NICE!
You're welcome! :)
Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice.
nope but how random!
max schnieder is actually really sexy
lmao look you gotta spice it up sometimes...
omg them and that zap thing #zap one directions in my room right now :)
Susie, u shld have seen the fqin gay ass club (all shirtless males) John took us to in Miami!
Is the concert over. How is he doing. Does he look pale or anything.
Science is a great game. It is inspiring and refreshing. The playing field is the universe itself.
I just dominated you 3, it's okay if u guys want to practice tomorrow, I'll take the day off
New contract on audio work for Columbia/Tristar.
I hope it does. :)
Thanks again Rick for joining us in Madison, really fun talking to you!
The music video for These Times by moved me to tears.
Congratulations to our Chair-elect, ! Thanks to all the candidates for a good, spirited campaign.
love u too darling :)
it just goes to show that prayers work.
Timeout with 1 minute remaining and a 2 point lead in the
Stayed up til 4 AM last night just ZONING hard w headphones on feeling grateful to have been exposed to so much great music in my life.
Hurry back. Can't wait! RT : with at getting #limetogo #limeforlunch for us and !
why would you say that?
sounds like a plan my do
-- I wish I could find the kind of love that is in #TheNotebook :/
If a Diamondback is a snake, where the heck did the cat mascot come from?
OH.MY.GOD.BECKY.
RT : Make today better than yesterday! (via )
2011 you can keep all the hate from haters! Keep dramatically events from drama queens, keep all the gossip from attention seekers!
just took the regents, BIZARRE
Interesting ... RT : Trend in late 2012: short, crafted posts that show their work some way other than length.
Surfrider CEO speaking: 'In 2008 China already implemented this. We are not leading.'
She has good taste, she's following me! : you should follow them! They make my week easier.
wat up big bro?
he is! Look it up!
Hello love :) Im fine. Just stressed out. Wbu?
at time of the night, if its not a 50% chance of diarrhea.. Its not worth eating."-Anthony Bourdain
Envious. I live in a state with prohibition-stupid liquor laws.
that chick in the stoners night video looks mad bored
#michaeljackson Saw in Arrowhead Stadium, at the start of the Victory Tour '84. Moonwalk, 75k people locked on the referee pants. Unreal.
You're off the hook for camera time. :)
we still on for tomorrow's tasting? Hope to see you there.
I am glad that you liked it.
g'nite I'm ready to hit the rack myself
no it's Short-e
have it again this year!
Good to know :)
its a huge number. And I think still growing.
54 on the front nine... 38 on the back nine.. Can you say inconsistent haha..
how do you see the #nlcs going for the #brewers?
At NMFA congressional event. Rock star Rep Susan Davis receives next award.
Acxiom's Colclasure emphasizes the emotional attachment to personal data
We hear ya on that one, Sarah. 150 flashcards by hand? We can feel the carpal tunnel just thinking about it. Happy flipping!
I am sorry to hear that. :(
- We'd love to co-host a #furchat and discuss the "Digital Dog Park" - how do you send and receive info with your dog peeps online?
Phone extra dry .
he doesn't use his twitter
New blog entry is posted on myspace.. be sure to check it out!
Holographic blade says what up... What ever you do please don't make holograms of the following artist
I just finished calculus 1 and I'm taking calculus 2 this summer, starting in about a week! Joy! (But I'm also a little scared)
you as in me? Or you as people in general? :o
Depends on the daughters age and if her true passion is acting. College isn't for everyone.
totally just heard thunder. crap. crap. crap.
53.5k on dinner break... under avg but steady grindin the stack... accepting all donations! :-)
Very disappointed in #SNL to this point. Expected more with Jim Carey hosting. Guess it can't get worse.
Desert trails parent cynthia standing for all parents. Talks about harassment from rescission campaigners.
Seriously the perfect pair! I am already looking for a second pair... just to compliment these and mix it up a bit... :)
"�In some ways, [Facebook] levels the playing field of friendship stratification"
Happy MLK Day everyone. Like this if you have the day off!
Now I'm following- more of an ROI question. My opinion is based upon belief in preventive care; maybe eval that among pts?
Spring day like this makes me realize summer is on it's way, call us for A/C tune up! 919-325-0180
Thinking of going to - hard to tear myself away from the non-rainy garden, though! Perhaps I'll go tomorrow.
2 new followers with LOCKED accounts. Come on ... why play in social media if you don't want to be social?
'so you guys are just going to sit there while your friend gets beat up' 😂😂
Yes, but it's the last day for the "Early Bird Special" RT : Presale tix still available?
#Gen44 because with every idea he tweets #Obama loses another 1000 voters. Keep tweeting it up
Need help now? Chat with the library by adding uhlibrarian to your contact list in AIM, Yahoo!, or GoogleTalk.
I don't know about that, my stock response to restaurant disputes is getting kind of old
Did I tell you I kissed in the rain ^__^
Suiting up for this Saturdays Pewaukee River Run!
Put It On The Alter- Jessica Reedy :) Luv this song, gets me thru my days
yay!! Can't wait to see you too.
oh I read that wrong lol sorry laken you can't do wife things lmao
RT My tweets are protected for the sake of my unborn children
Becoming a better poker player has to be the biggest test of my patients evah! Let the game come to you!
We makin things happen this weekend
I'm on the phone wiffff you:* oddeee hungryy
Air Force-Army will be on CBS Sports Network.
chilling at the house getting tatted
Between 1-2 inches fell this morning around the metro, but just 60 miles west of town in Charlottesville they received 8 inches!!
Have a blast in Madrid!!
wow,ok.Bye(:
Today's Special is a $5 Gyros! Gyros= Slices of Seasoned beef or Chicken in warm pita w/ lett, tom, onions & side of Tzatziki
As always, a great time at 20 Minutes and a beer last night. Great to meet and
Got a call - ac not cooling - gotta go go
Hyperlocal started by geeks as a tech company. Built dynamic interface, ad network & coworking space.
cause it's ma burrdaayyy lolol
And the house hunt BEGINS! Just found a place in arlington with a pool and its in my price range. BONER.
Up watching Malibu's Most Wanted
MusicFest with Sarah and ah!! Yayyy!
Its forever raining outside and its supposed to thunder storm for my prom tomorrow :(
awesome I am so wishing I was there.
I just want it to be the weekend so I can sleep
No more work for today. Time to go outside and play.
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY TO MY BESTFRIEND Hope you have an amazing day.. And weekend! 😜🎉🎈💃❤😘
link for details?
Oh cool, two buildings just exploded. I'm getting the idea that this isn't a happy film.
so how do u make a pair on their
France this summer for 3 weeks then prob argentina Or canada :D
Don't forget... SECO 2011 is in building C of the GWCC!
"Unconditional love" That's what I got for you. <3
Baby you light up my world like nobody else (;
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child. Scary.
A6: What are the institutional requirements for cloud: Distance ed? Improved access for students? Research support?
something happened at the LU?
My mom farted like 5 times -__-
good tune!! That was huge hit at Howl last night!!!
Oh yea and a hockey team.... M yes.
Just met one of the most genuine human beings ever- moussa from paris. A musical master just trying to heal the world.
With all of these political memoirs coming out, which (if any) are you excited to read?
Now that Melo's back, let's beast through the playoffs
people who try too hard really piss me off
What a day of #themasters ! Bubba and Louis are on their green put on the 18th. Who will win?
I just got really excited! They are so perfect!
Last day of tours for the summer at #AmericanU! Going to make today the best! Sad for summer to end... =(
I hope they make Mass Effect 4 and chronicle the crippling depression that sets in when Shepard realizes his career has peaked already
We are one week away from the TLA Conference! Are you coming? What are you looking forward to the most? Use hashtag #tnla12 to share!
what is kudu?
Hey it's BK, When you get a hole in your sock, do you hesitate then throw both away, do you toss em immediately, or do u save one/both?
Again, un-fucking-believable!
What are your thoughts on malex? ;)
Which magazine was it in?
woah, me too!
At first I was like "I must be changing, I actually enjoy this weather!" now i'm all like "when does fall get here!"
#AskDrNorm We are wondering if you have any examples of #meditation helping with alcoholism?
everybody thatz wit me,I SEE U! itz us against the world,I BURNT UP THAT WHITE FLAG SO WE CAN NEVER SURRENDER! #nevergiveup!
Thanks for checking! :)
I would like to die of natural causes because every other way is painful.
Wow ok the @ section of this app has not been working thanks for the follows and RTs the last day or so.
can anyone hear what I am carving on the wood arms of this commode
Gallardo quiickly is baseball's leader in gopher balls,having given up three thru 2 plus innings.. ouch
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!! AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!!
#justlikefootball #goducks great win over the huskies last night!
Hm.. Got detention today! LOL
#Corzine is a
Never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
Busy Saturday morning w/ customers looking at #cattle then off to a #4H clinic til noon.
Thats the honkytonk spirit! RT : I ain't gonna leave til they throw me out.
Formula for my upcoming project is [global positive message + good cause/charity + viral marketing campaign = win + money + feel good]
Very excited to present "Affiliate Marketing for Local Businesses" at our Woamtec Brookfield, WI Chapter luncheon today!
had to use the paper chem abstracts subject indexes today.. no fun
Wrapped in Indy with Ohio State defeating Michigan. B10 Championship game tomorrow, 3:30 on
#WeGoTogether If I give you the half of the oreo with the most cream.
...a big thanks to all of you who brought your energy, enthusiasm, DH smarts, & good humor to Charlottesville this weekend for #THATCamp!
of course! I'll keep you posted!
I brought up the raping before you brought up the "clutch" shooting... You tell me
Baylor needs to work the clock with some ball reversals..
Pick one! #twitterhug across the board.
There is no democracy w/terrorists or their supporters. If MB takes over Egypt, it's no dif't than Hamas taking over Gaza.
The explosion won't kill everyone in New York, but the two beautiful people can't be together. Now that's tragedy.
Steelers having superb offseason. Somehow kept Wallace and, despite picking low, drafted two quality OL players, shoring up only weak spot.
that's how we roll in Portland sexy girl!!!! Welcome home!
RT Remember to vote :) #vote #indiana #congress #goodguy / Thank you.
She dont wanna see her nigga happy then RT : some women not about to ok they nigga to screw the next chick
You know what would be hella funny? To get #blakedavis trending. Hahahah
Ugh, Whatever ;)
Loves my life! 'tchangeathing!
Depends on when you will be in LA. We will make it happen although prob no bones this time :)
Dang like everyone in fairview is going to be working at spinners pizza....
OMG you guys have no lives! RT : Me and stalk on twitter and in English... 😳
Please don't forget me while you're living it up next year, keep in mind that i care about you. More than you could imagine. .
Off to 1930s America w/ Alexander Nemerov. Today: Reinhardt's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' and Nini Theilade's exit in the arms of darkness.
I know that I miss u
Hey Louis! Just wanted to say 1. youre amazing 2. hope youre doing well 3. I love you <3 :)
us east coast
So many loved ones are passing. My faith is shaken.
That's true, donate it to a nursing home if you don't like it. The old ladies will love it. :-D
82 and sunny!! First day of spring!! Bumping "today was a good day" because it really is.
oh well, guess you gotta go naked ;)
RIP - Steve Jobs. A legend Gone.
Smh some seems wrong but at the same time feels so right
Watching the Music City Bowl. MSU is up by 2 on Wake Forest with 5:35 to go in the third qtr. BTW, follow for good stuff.
Haha yea! Lol & yea we only want him to be happy<3
yes, the iPad keyboard is ergonomically safe. The size is plenty - the angle of the surface is actually most important.
THEN we have to cut out magazine ads and glue them to paper & write the same thing:p
"That's the thing with music, when it hits you feel no pain."
I wonder where she'd live!
yeah its a good song = )
Oh darn. DM me # ": 7th story of the week! I'll give you a pass on not calling back then :) Look foward to reading them!"
Alganon Trivia! Which deity is also known as "The Winnower of Souls"? First correct answer wins a beta key!
weird but now I wanna try....lol
Yeay Howard Henley - my brutha without an "S"!!
hoping to finally finish my finding aid today after 6 months
I love Diana Vreeland and excited for her new documentary "The Eye Has to Travel" in the
. reminds us not 2 forget that you have permission to be happy in the present moment. she also said [don't] eat dirt
just found it in my spam folder… will reply shortly.
No doubt. Just taught Ann Beattie story "Weekend" that references film and gave me the chance to blab on and on about it.
Goodnight moon and goodnight, you. 👋🌙☁💤
I used to be one of them, I evolved :3.
Dexter returns tonight. I see plastic bags in someone's future. Ahh, a Slice of Serial Killer Life.
fresh out the shower, just realized im still not ready to talk to him .. should i just ignore all his calls for the rest of the day ???????.
Oh dear, Glasgow managers dont dominate the EPL after all.
Just chillin in bed, wide awake for the last 3 hours -______-
yeah with some key repeating :-)
Coleman is pitching for the Cubs. I think it is the Coleman who was the butler in "Trading Places".
Attention Current ACM Students: Check your UCO email for details on submitting your band for the Rocks Bricktown festival.
Thx for the shout out!
listenin to on choice fm. badman
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin let's go #Aztecs! At the #BareBackGill taking in the game!
OMG you are not!!!! can he introduce me to snooki? haha
wow...that was a long shake!
I'm glad I'm not the only one that doesn't understand the hype! What's the big deal?? Why is it so amazing?
Lol, i already know you(;
#jenniferhudson gr8 performance tonight at #GRAMMYs heartfelt & stirring. Can't believe they asked anyone to do that-but you were fabulous
looks like wrestling at flea markets is in his future with those fat arms.
At Eataly for the 1st time. Wow. Impressive for being in the middle of Manhattan!
Wow that would have a been a disaster.. Wouldve wasted $600.. Im turning into a hopeless romantic
READii TO GO TOO CHURCH 4 SUM REASON
Getting the hang o this Twitter thing. Social media and marketing for the office!
#love #music RT Sometimes hearing a song can be like time travel... music has the power to bring back memories <3 Christy Taylor on 91X
Keep the news coming, Alex!
Tattoo Time!
They probably meant "Queen of Disco"
too funny. I think that means you need to make it back to Atl.
Stoooppppp don't be like that butter cup..you know I love you.!
for real though right
#dhtrial so seems that's all folks... for today anyway...no verdict ywet
omg what do she have on?! SHE RATCHET!
Hey ! Follow us? Yeah just like other mahomies our dream is to be noticed <3
I love that.
Lmao when says "neat o" :')
“New fans will know Miguelito, Pepito Martito, Carlito and Dick. Directioners will always know Wayne, Ian, Barry, Kyle and Hughy.” this ♥
Happy New Year to all!!!
If I didnt make mistakes I wouldn't be the artist I am today
what u doin for the rest of the day
miss you too
Watching #TheWalkingDead while discussing whether Thumbelina is a good movie or not.
Naw!! I think the beard looks kickass.
You rock. So happy for your success in business and life. Don't you dare pass through Oregon without looking me up!
a little :p
oh yea I do owe u some tix.. Okay okay lemme see how goo I can get!
forrrreal. Ms reeds lurkkkkin so hard
I get to go to a rocky horror picture show rave. I'm having second thoughts
biting the hand that feeds me
“ when are you coming back to the bay? These young men and boys sure could use it #Thefutureisbright”
Massive love to for the support and love - Mendez ( )
Is playing at the Webster Theater in Hartford Connecticut tomorrow. Stop by and check out my band Impuria!
If katy perry's slit shifts a bit to the left you can see the whole way to china.
days like this change the way I look at love. No guarantees & not usually very fair. But God is still good. And always will be.
I got a Mac and a PC here. The PC won't recognize my GoFlex that was MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS FUCKING REASON!
Jon Bon Jovi is actually my dissertation inspiration.
Bed time? Not mad about it.
RT : We like & what they are doing! Can't wait to see them at #plantech 2012!
Just got an email from a producer. They are interested in one of my screenplays and it has a good chance to go.
you go kelly jaccarino you go tanning
I kan see the finsh line.
Okay, you go around spreading lies about me in a truck, then in the movies, then in the woods? #DoinTooMuch: I'm NOT nasty like that boo.
I'm all for people riding the subway, rich or not.
iknow ,thats why i jss had a big Bowl of Vanilla ice cream , naah(:
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
theres one every friday on halsey st, art kitchen @ 6. and coffee cave has verses on tuesday nights, then theres live and direct
Diagnosis: No tickets to the U2 360tour depression. Remedy: Prantl's almond torte therapy.
Well, I see that is almost to 5,000 followers, when it gets there, contest!!!
It hurts so bad
what you mean?
I need someone to screw and chop this Pk law
OK! I can't name not one of those people from his season either. But David. Shooobeeededah, always.
F*CK a tattoo , F*CK a ring , F*CK a Password , F*CK switching phones , just DONT cheat , DONT Lie , be HONEST and I'll know it's REAL.
I just have to say that is the BOSS. Of like music festivals and organization of crazy people. The BOSS.
RT : What other real life person do you think should have their life story made into a musical?
What on earth will this look like?
Going to bed now. Its been a long day! <3
Wat part of long island are you from ?
Is Chris the Turtle of your Entourage?
In study hall with two of my bestfriends Sophie & Erika watching Santa Clause 2 
I don't have 7th. So like right after 6th
Enjoying the 4th at the Cherry Creek Art Festival in Denver. Marvelous art and 98 in the shade--what a blast!
Endowed z
it's been a vulnerable journey full of roses ,helicopters & capes...not sure why it went all wrong ;)
Just saw Think Like a Man. Its so funny (:
What is it? BOO. I don't like it.
I'm hoping for a not all-Spanish UCL Final. Need some variety & I can't see Barca losing. Should be entertaining.
I think that means you have a problem..might wanna get that checked out
Was just offered a free ticket to tonight's soldout Wild Flag show, had to say no. Sometimes I hate being grown-up.
I HAVE THE BEAR VERSION OF THOSE.
im in love with this picture
This whole "I'm going to freak out every time I wake up because it's bright out and I think I've missed all my classes" is really annoying.
Gym, slim, him. In that order.
I'll be there with orange bells on :) probably arriving Friday
Enjoying downtown Berkley.
1100 bands .... we keep rocking!
Happy Birthday! Hope it swell
Money aint a joke & I aint even playing! $~
proper light is always an issue... Can't wait until I can make the photography studio a reality.
oh no you di n't....fer shame
You too!!
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses. ~ Dr. Joyce Brothers
Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
Justin Bieber Video "Boyfriend" is a hot the track hot its perfect for a single I love 2 C artists pick the right songs & do good videos
the one where everyone talks about how sweet their bf is and then we are just like I love food
did you not read the first part? The ocean is why! Now if I can convince to come so I don't have to go alone!
One way a smaller operation that needs to obtain operating capital to pay bills can be accounts receivables factoring to free up cash.
At the Mall Waiting till my event. Cici took my sweat pants so i look like a hoe in my spanks.
#quotes #wisdom Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I cannot keep up with her shows ahhaha my time difference is messing me up
go back to bed
Goodmorning Austin(: How did you sleep? :) xox 
Pens win. Pittsburgh is in control of the series. Book your limo today for the game 5
Thank you so much! I really appreciate it! Anytime! I feel the same way
Ok, I'm Done xD
yo u still got anymore outlaw season cds?? I needa put that hoe in my ipod
no! What happened? :(
Lady gaga messed with adele... Aw hell fucking no
Phoebe Ayers: scholars supported by academic libraries are the lucky ones. DPLA can open access to human knowledge. #DPLA,
Guess who turned out to be a dork after all hmm YOU DID!
PSA: in Encinitas (El C R by Vons) accidentally ordered 32 eggsalad sandis 2day. So, stop by if you are in the mood for eggsalad.
I call bull shit
Great, an earthquake happens AFTER I move from the east coast. I miss all the good stuff!
Sometimes I am tempted to reissue #missworld and all future works under my real name, but it's better not to be found.
I want to sit VERY close to the Brewers dugout. Want to treat my Brewers fanatic son to Awesome seats!
Trying to come up with an idea for my screenplay. But the creativit
Dear these people from school, Back your Asianess away from instagram because it's mine! I had it first! Sincerley, FUCK OFF!
More costumes on stage than are in our storage.
Give up your will and ask God what to do now.
hm what shall i do today?
It's going to be August 27th this year. I would get tickets while they have the $10 discount thru the end of the month.
No sleep. Exhausted. And if you didn't buy Grays work while he was living, you shouldn't want it now just because he is gone.
thanks boo!
You are the first line of defense against identity fraud… Call us today.
The countdown is on...I'll be back on the air Monday morning 5-7AM NBC 7 San Diego :)
Just got off the phone from LA. Always good calls
surfed this morning, money, credit cards stolen from car while I was gone, damn! Listening to Descendants and Vandals making me feel better.
Last call and breakfast tacos colliding?
lmaooo! That makes more sense. We were like wtf??? Hahahah
I can totally do that. Then you can just stay for the whole month until Gasparilla. Or just stay forever. Lol
Bag Bag Bag Bag Bag
At Eso Wan Books in Los Angeles while reads from Silver Sparrow
McDonald's employees now greet you with "Welcome back to McDonald's," which is surprising because they found a way make us feel more sha...
Two messages? *Glares * Make it up to you? Now, Ms. Jones, that would be revealing my plans.
All found under the Insights on the Admin panel.
What the fuck ever I just want my wafflez.
Bibs is right. The best thing for the #pens was 3 days between games 3 and 4.
#palsloungeatl would like 2 thank everybody n ATL & beyond 4 the love. We wanted 2 have 100 followers by Friday and yest we reached 107
Never felt closer to my little sister. We are literally tied up for today.
We do them on special occasions, not as a regular item yet
because nobody was watching
we cant chill here cuz my moms bf is gonna be here inna lil. So where
": Don't look for people to tell you what to do. Seek out people who will inspire you with what they've done."
How can u take back everything u haven't done??
...achieving success through honest dealing and.. the view that, for you to gain, those you deal with should gain as well.-Alan Greenspan
Blame the loss on jet lag and a fake pitch. Oh well, meeting Timo made my night! Photos when I get home.
I truly know great people. Just being around them makes me a better person too.
Pat McAfee follows my mom on twitter............. lol
#TOUCHFUND SUPPORT FROM
i.am.sore.and.exhausted.
You were right. Did you guess that a stock buy back would happen too?
Is perfectionism causing more work for you around the house? Let the family help how they can! Then, don't redo...be graciously thankful!
Haikeet #7: The light through the window / Green and bright now at midday / Soon slants in shadow
glad to hear it meant Bum not buy. Haha. And u can be stylish without waiting money.
you should hear she and I conversate lol. If you wanna see heartless... we have you covered lol
With all my heart I wish you the best in the world , success in this new stage.Have faith in you that everything will be fine
How are you? Did you find anyone to shoot your product?
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 70
MT : Tyson Foods refinery has can produce 75 million gallons of fat-based fuel annually—only 0.1% of world aviation fuel
are you sure youre not watching the price is right?
Not to mention we can't see the person talkin to us..
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Please believe that my kids will be raised learning two languages simultaneously.
i know, right? the internet is so neat! beers?
I don't understand why people do it, running away from your problems gets you NOWHERE
Life is like a dream. There’s good times and there’s nightmares. Life will only last so long, but your dreams will go on forever.<3
blueberry! And hot maple syrup on the part that doesn't touch the fruit! If I can make it that far. Lol
Character is formed by pressure. Who U rlly R eeks out whn crap hits the fan. Whn a man acts like a bihhh ovr some pressure, I move on.
I adore Jon Stewart
haha...can you imagine? He'd get stuck up there and would be too scared to drop. As long as he has the wine...all is good.
hmm i am getting ready gor new year trip:)
#TWolves have college night tonight and it's a premium game against the #Bulls. $5 for college students showing ID.
#WestMemphis3 are gonna be released!
Joseph Glidden’s invention of barbed wire transformed the open range of the Western United States into private ranches.~Don
wow frighteningly ? when i was old enough to get turned on to PF they were the coolest thing id ever heard :)
: if you like twister, you'd love the ride (or more accurately the walk through) at universal studios in Orlando
Thanks , very informative.
Hockey fans! Following the #NHLPlayoffs and your fav team? DIY fan #tshirts are a great way to show your support and skills
God Morning : )
You, too!
Believe in yourself.
Zaxby sounds like the mice
legend is at the game.
I never seen anything like it..followed by a white boy stage dive
a fair cop. though my parents are the only AZ retirees with a picture of the Obama family on their fridge.
#educause10 Pepperdine uses network access control for all it's networks and all network users
This inch of rain we're getting today would have made for a nice snow storm.
bahaha, time to invest in a new one then! lol
Just wait until you see amazing gift guide he's guest-posting on my blog! Lots of amazing ideas :)
Colleague suggested trying to get a hypnotist on campus to convince us all that grading is fun. I'm all for it at this point.
Lmao..did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add (I love him) lol y'all need to add him
Team GREEN
Still thinking about some things tweeted this morning so I'm going to RT them all now...
Desperately hoping my TA caught the flu
After the prof predicted we wouldn't need the whole 1 hr 15 min class for our midterm, every student stayed an extra half hour
you should just buy the damn subway.
Sometimes it's the simplest things that are the hardest.
Sure, criticize our generation. Who the fuck raised us?
'Fuck it all' is not about how much pussy he gets. Far from.
hang in there dude. Even haters know you do great work.
Man...its crazy when you think and thoughts and thinkin of you? I mean...its crazy...being I love one day then accepting lose the next...
I've changed so much over the past years. It's crazy to think of how I looked back in the day.
OK I'll bite- how was the first episode of Emily's bachelorette?
watching my yankees
Fans Reserve a Plate of for April 11th Reply & get a #fuacata 6-Pack of Free Tickets
kind of sketchy though ha.
You played me like a fiddle... Well done sir
RANDOM>> Wish that "Spies" Jam at the end of the song would have lasted longer!!
Dylan, Dylan, Dylan, Dylan & Dylan RT : 11, 2, 87 RT : what are the 3 numbers to call AT&amp;T ?
#ShoutOut to Dawgface,Gator,Kittie (swep) Brenda, and Omara. Thank you to all da guest!! N of course E.v.a. Pro Records.
theydisrespectful.. he gone have to kill them niggas
Hope all is well in TN. I see you are responsible for interviews and tweets? :)
Home. Showered. Getting ready to smoke. :)
I was going to make a gay joke, butt fuck it.
Thanks for rolling through . . . see you this summer for one of our "Summer Sunday" pool parties!
How good was The Avengers? Better than an episode of Bones.
They playing all this old school music. My mama just revisited the 70's & drugged me with her..
There was a shooting in my family's village back in Germany. Not sure what's going on?
is Joe G coming along?
Olivia- Beautiful-- reminds me a bit of Cat Stevens...
During the #ESHealthChat tomorrow, feel free to share info, ask questions, or just learn something new about health!
you suck
At the One for Courage press conference to launch Tennessee Child Sexual Abuse Prevention Initiative
It's nothing like having ur own money baby talking about a joint acct👎👎👎
I think it's about time to get a girlfriend :P
My kitchen smells like a pine tree, wtf?
I feel like being a fatgirl still lol
Ow I burnt my tounge ... I well :) only 18 days of school left :)
“When did they start selling Super Bowl rings at Jared? RT Rex Ryan planning on getting a Super Bowl ring, quickly”
Sometimes I wish you would screw up, just so you would finally admit you are wrong. -_-
hella dumb didn't say my name right xD
Taking a field trip to America
Merry Christmas to all the and fans out there!
Trynna Get My Nails Done ,
Enjoy! No more flat tires for you!
Happy Birthday Katya. Hope you will shine despite the weather! Love, ATFDC
having to clean & do extra chores to earn extra money to buy mothers day gifts is always fun.
I guess I'm not cool enough to have my status updated by a proxy, so for now I will remain a
What has Andretti done?
My dads gonna make me late omg
Idk whenever u guys are free
your welcome:)
how many game you go to a year?
Stranger still. Well, to paraphrase Freud: sometimes a Gerald McRaney is just a Gerald McRaney.
We're receiving photos from our rescuers wearing their new scarves!
TTB expects to have a final version of its new COLA form available for use by the end of June 2012.
good looking out Coach. Things happen for a reason, you and I both know how it is.
Stubbed my toe. An hour later, I am bruised and still hurting. I am the biggest pain wimp ever.
Let go, Let God
I love sleep...thats where I am a Viking -Ralph Wiggum
volunteers are responding to a home fire in Carnuel. High winds continue to be a threat in NM! Be careful out there!
RT GBU ''For it's good that a man should both hope&quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord.Lam 3:26
yea key word talk to one I wouldn't go wit one... I'm still selfish wen it comes to that what's mines is mines.
Ah, hoping your next grin is just around the corner. : )
did you say south am
After work I'm going to soho !
you face is perfect the way it is. 😉
in love with my icon and background, ok.
The Brady Hoke era has officially begun
drake tonight yea buddy what up
I guess a trip to ColdStone is in order for tomorrow.
HEY EVERYONE!!!!! go follow my best friends and awesome musicians and if you live in ATL, you should come to their show!
In Tokyo and now headed to Singapore. It's not a full flight! Music to my ears : )
shut the front door! I wonder if I can get one of their babies.
HERE IT IS ANSWER AND RT !!!!!!!!! Name NABJ_INDY's first eboard members? (just first and last names) (: HAPPY SEARCHING
Incase you haven't noticed...Geeks are totally in.
Oh you made a video just like Justin Bieber to call me maybe? How original.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
RT Funny, u look like a black version of him! Haha RT : Im just an incredible human;
It was wonderful to "meet" you & my boy loved Squish - finished yesterday & ready for next Hope you had safe trip home & all well
What's good everyone
you can't say it's a duet with rhianna and coldplay, if chris martin is the only member of coldplay onstage
Helpin friends out who cant seem to know who they really are . Gonna work out in a bit
#Blago is back in the volvo and now going to prison...we think. He has to show up by noon.
Safely in Washington D.C. for Gov 2.0 Summit Wednesday and Thursday.
I distinctly remember Kathleen saying "sushi!" after Frank says "sushi". This movie script is making me mad.
Well maybe, but I would've been stuck without a computer for over 2 hours either way!
excited about the NFL draft!!!!!!!!!!
no sweetheart your not following me
YOU'RE George. I'm Jerry. And is Kramer.
#thingsblackfolksscaredof george bush descendant being president
When you finish reading "The Borrowers,"
have an awesome dinner with Mom!!!
short for brother or euphemism for nigga
I'm Jealous right now :(.
please tell me you'll be at the Georgetown tomorrow night!
On behave of all the team at Living Local Newspapers, we would like to wish all of you a very merry Christmas!
thts the one im watching too lol and idk i dont have one
RT post grad work problems. “: Why am I awake”
I am a talent manager in Hollywood need one?
What's the upside to hiccups in the production phase? Catching an issue before it creates a total shitstorm.
that's what I figured, no worries.
Do you think the future of #education lies in the future of #Technology?
cool. sounds like it was fun
"Your words are a raviolis gift." Thank you, autocorrect.
I'll just die here.
Youk homer after bobby v recap.
I wish there was a #KingoftheHill marathon sometime on tv. Love Hank Hill!
SUPER procrastinating on this paper
I know. And it's also perfect, given this, that Disney = the incubator...
you screwed up by not putting a space between London and
SXSW tomorrow.... not packed yet.... oh well. who needs cloths anyway? LOL
Whatz up Big Dawg-last time I saw you, you were like 5 years old! Just talked to your Dad-WTG and on ur way to the Bigs! GoTime.
Thanks, Garry! RT: : Tommy you have my vote, you are the most experienced candidate who can get the job done in Washington D.C.
Even on the days you don't feel pretty, there's always going to be someone who thinks you're beautiful. Own it.
get out, hailey.
"The Commission (I Am Citi Boi & Dub-D) "Miss Me With That Bullshit"" on YouTube...
I'm glad I was here to see Austin rise to the top<3
Ever since, not a soul is flawless.
Hey Sugar butt... do you wanna see the Sally Show?
Dont get how everyone call bitch bout Raffi Torres, Hossa was skating with his head down....he's on the ice, fair game!!
it's hard to tell anymore.
when I get back from my tour with my jazz-art project "The Food Eaters and Likers."
Mcdonalds just tried me!!!!!!
editing NYE photos on a plane to SF
Thanks for the follows
Thank you ! Looking forward to an exchange of ideas on #gardenchat #treechat #plants. We are a tree company in Austin TX
text me back
I guess so...surprised u even have a twitter.
I'm officially hooked on
nope, due to head up his ass. lol
BRO, YOU KNOW THIS LOBSTER MAC IS ILLEGAL RIGHT? JOE HERE IN THE WINDY CITY'S GONNA GET THE CHAIR FOR THIS STUFF
Everyone is entitled to there own option it's just yours that's stupid :)
I'm a little too excited to finally make it to class before the prof.
"Deb" he wears a size 18 and loves to rock a knee high skirt on the weekend. Favorite lip color is: Jungle Red. Job: Cable Man
I'm hangin in there!
r those new Nike jerseys?
Good afternoon all lets get ready for some football
but now I can see someone else facing the Heat in the Eastern Conference.
I love writing music especially for someone else, out of the 4 ideas I think 3 are keepers.
ready to get started on my #insanity it arrived today Yay :-)
#glee <3 new directions doing one direction;)
right so what we gonna do on tuesday?
yea we just trying get some footage since ciaa this weekend..we dont wont to shoot whole video this weekend....
Setting also a problem. I'm not convinced that the lives of rich white people in Hawaii provide the required heft for a SAGA.
I got all my friends to vote for you, I hope you win, and if you don't you're always the 'big thing' in my heart :D
ur my kinda girl
' This is crazy charging 12 year olds as adults!
I did that same goal. I feel like more credit is being given to Torres' closer than to Ramires' chip shot. That killed Barca.
Dave Matthews coming to Alpine Valley Hell Yes!!! July 6th and 7th
I just got an email from the university and realized that I can't read this language of administratoreze they write so well.
#Loves sitting at the house listening to the rain(:
Buying my daddy a cake cause it's his birthday!!! xD this foo old lmao
lmaooo did u have a good time last nite
s/o
Rumor has it that she ain't gotta your love anymore.
I want a constant feed of Maradona during the match more than anything! #Argentina scored and it's going to be relentless. #world cup FIFA
Janet Jackson performed Dream Street on American Bandstand on this day in 1984. She was a cutie.
You're going to be mad, but I have to see my doctor at 1PM tomorrow. Kate is taking over. I've never needed to go more than now.
I wonder how long until the Rams requests for improvement to the ED are secretly released to the media?
No sleep till.....
Cool, makes me want to go practice. Are you bringing a guitar to WWDC? There should be a jam, so many of us are musicians.
just watched My Fair Wedding 01/22/12 episode I think u look like the bride,you were one of my first followers so I remember you
Hope everyone is having a fabulous Sunday?
Had some #margaritas w/my girl tonight. Its the #prequel to the game. Been patiently #waiting since
Meeting with a client in Salmon Creek. Perfect excuse to ride the R6 along some sunny, twisty backroads.
Dinner in St Paul on Grand Ave on a relaxing Sunday evening. I really like how Sunday can always bring a smile to my face.... :-)
I like him playing but I don't really like his singing too much
Another person. ;)
We agree. That is likely to happen if kids must pedal in order to watch the TV. Invented by parents for just that reason.
Costco RT : Who can tell me the best wine store in Miami?
Is Spanish 3 easy?
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served with baker or FF, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
I know man lol
Phish is selling tickets to view live stream of their new years performance on line. Phish proves that jam bands are more smart than stoned.
so so so over it all.
Q2 Those who diet are less likely to succeed then those who make healthy lifestyle choices. Cliche but true
: do umps look at tape, compare notes? 'cuz League still isn't getting that early strike
Haha, do u like that movie?
Love it!
Surprising data. Online students more engaged than F2F in her Criminal Justice courses.
This RT : Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
Now would probably be a good time to get out of bed and actually do something.
Currently bored af .. Can't wait til this concert over with.
Lol at this weak sauce nigga hopping in my mentions. I bet he's one of the guys that JUST get to eat the puss cuz he's offended
Prost! RT : Viognier 2009 nose of talc and lemon verbena hammy notes, great texture oily but light, tropical, pithy, stony
check out my mix tonight on 's Friday Night Flava! got a bunch of fresh tracks to start your weekend off right.
Why do people always say "no offense" right before they offend you?
It was nice to see and last night.
I spent the morning reading a book in bed & then re-working my poetry manuscript's order. There was coffee. The sky is blue. Is this heaven?
#ThingsThatILoveInLife are family, technology, photography. I love my new lifestyle with daily visits to the gym.
Waking up this early and going to school makes me want to shoot myself.
Nice seeing you at the Tweetup COMME AGENT Mark! This is your mention as promised! Have a good night.
Off running errands with the mom.
Watching last nights Hoarders. Already awesome with hoardering and comparing books to snakes.
Smile is the best gift you can give to the whole wide universe :D
Unsuspected drinks with and Twitterless Kyle Mastey tonight. Success
God wants you to be able to see your name in lights and it not go to your head.
AH NO! SCHOOL PEOPLE HAVE STARTED TO FIND MY TWITTER! RUUUUUUNNNN!
where you was hiding this ain't nikka👀(pinky voice)
Awake at nine this morning, but thought, "I could use a little more rest." Cut to me just now waking up at 2:00 PM.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Where's the best place to get some 1800's-style naturalist engravings made? Do you have a guy... or gal?
thank you! So glad you live in Chicago too!
what, no way, thats called awesome tweeting RT premature tweeting is waiting less than 2 mns between news & pressing "tweet"
First time alone in the store, oh my gosh!
That's awesome!
We had to turn the heat on in may! Ain't that something
Just get through #Tulsa and we'll talk RT : Sure sure. We'll see in 10 years.
It's safe to say, from my observations, I'm building a prejudice attitude. Idk if it is though.
Up and coming rock band form Tennessee, and they are hitting hard.
BB: O'Dell flies out to center to end the game. Eagles season ends with 6-5 loss to Dominican.
- - How was the mud run?!
#Bobby #Valentine #redsox press conference today 5:30pm. Will he be in disguise?
CONGRADUATE * just kidding !
Yeah!!!! Military money pay down debt!!!
you sit at home and wait for me to tweet? I'll give you a call tonight Veronica.
Your pants?
nope. They said I had expired tags but the tag showed it was not expired. They asked all those questions and then let me go
Good intentions, bad habits
yeah it was kind of important as well.
All work and no show makes Julia a dull girl.
hey thanks for the follow! have you checked out our music yet!?
you're in denial
great addition indeed.
Who wants my 7000th tweet when I get there ?
Days r flying by
Talked to my little brother to him to go with my mom for treatment before he was taken by the cops, I dont want to see that happen to him😪
Such a pretty day out. :)
win 106-94 and close series 4-1 get rest and prepare for wish was eastern finals my 2 favorite teams. No trash talk.
your cd is amazing. I love it!!!
Just eyeballed "The Countess" Luann chillin' in my office lobby. Had a bit of a moment.
Pittsburgh Auto Depo even if you got a repo.. those cars are not worthy!! Fix your credit and you can go anywhere where you want
I'm pretty sure I stole it from someone, but I like it too!
fill it up and have a drink!
There's a fine line between being a slut and being attractive.
awkward? why is that?
hubby asked me to bring him back a jelly doughnut from Krispy Kreme. Told him that does not fall under the HOT NOW category!!!!
and you know this!!!
With the advent of web conferencing and social media we have the power of crowds.
you are thinking of T.O. Who had issues with Mcnabb and Garcia
I understand...I'm sry. I hope it gets better 4 u bro. U deserve the best!!! Hugs!!! Luv ya lots!!!
Decided to get a vanity license plate when I register. What's better BBYJSSCA, OCTOMOM or NOSCRUBS?
#startupVeterans any collectors present at the event? Doesn't matter what you collect - coins, stamps, vinyl toys - I'd love to talk to you
So what ended up happening with the March Madness?
not sure we'd notice in our happy little foodie comas. Your place never fails to please.
ustream is having some hiccups this morning. browser keeps crashing whenever we stream -- we'll keep tinkering with it
Awesome. Thanks man.
"24 of the worlds best skateboarders" street league skateboarding
Need your voice TODAY:bike lanes plan on Madison in Midtown.Decision on how to do that & restriping Madison is due 7/31.:30
u funny “ Hopefully ii can see him tomorrow”
Whew, ok, thanks for reassuring me!
You are so right, I have been slipping on my posting. but thanks for waking me up, it won't happen again. I'm on it!!! check me out
I just realized that, since a preggo girl lives below me, there will soon be a baby there too. Hm. Testing the soundproofing immediately.
Swagger so Impressive.
It can hurt to let go , but sometimes it hurts to stay ...
#blackplaynames "for black women only, who considered suicide when kickn a nucca ass was enuf"
Michael Jackson, Everyone! At Mink last night, the Dj played like 4 tracks and everyone had their hands up in the air.
got it.thanks
Neither would mine - but I'm pretty happy with it anyway! Although I think your hat selection might be be superior to mine ;)
I have a crushed heart and idk what to do about it,i won't be able to mend this one. </3
Love my school and being part of the #bbn!!!!
Not suspended
FOLLOW US WE FOLLOW BAK NEW KILLUMINATI HIP HOP GROUP EMERGING OUTTA DALLAS, TX NO POVERTY NO MORE FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT
There is this tribe in the desert where the men get f---ed up on peyote and run around in 1970's running shorts. So we should do that too.
Getting paid to talk about #metadata in Florida GIS community
dropped a mixtape 'California Republic' cop that shit ho
I would go to dlan's bonfire tonight.. And I want to.. But I don't know who's gonna be there
I was thinking a dedicated site. i.e. search "blended learning" and get a synopsis of all relevant research with user ratings.
cool business! Check them out for a fun weekend activity in
just saying,,I'd have you tanned in 2 days flat..not that flat & twisty have #anything else in common..lol
Jesus... is God holding our hand & leading us home... He has made it so much easier for us to find our way back to Eden.
Thanks! I can't wait to get it out there as well :)
Wendy's urge wins again.
I miss you too mommy <3 <3
Finally watched True Blood finale. Why did they have to do that to poor Lafayette?
I know! :) Whenever you get off and are free, definitely hit me up!
I love you!!! Happy birthday again boo ;) hope the rest of the night was good! Xo
BEST THING IVE HEARD ALL DAY!!!! :D
. Tornadoes! We forgot to talk about my BIG fear, weather fears! Which my kids have zero interest in.
is more conservative than a rich Jew
Broke my wrist...just got back from the doctor's.
awww so are you
