Friends come and go but Mary Jane is always a good friend.
Volunteers do not necessarily have the time; they just have the heart. ~Elizabeth Andrew
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force. -Publilius Syrus
Katrina is AMAZING!
will you be covering/tweeting?
I figured no IM will keep me more focused on work...and what do you know it actually worked!! :)
Music this week-Christina Perri's Lovestrong deluxe edition w/bonus tracks, Santana's Shape Shifter, Adam Lambert & Lisa Marie Presley.
Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Super Cru Ale (replaces Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA) $10 growler $3 pints
Goodbye, #DontAskDontTell, and good riddance
Did you see his Tedx talk? Saw it this morning. Incredible. But he won't last... doesn't fit her bill.
Hi Randy,
yeah I'm trying to think abt how I'd teach an intro to DH class, given that most of my students are not very techy to begin with
no its not ok. Lol
love this! RT : You're not done & this isn't all there is. But you have to dig for it. Diamonds are found underground, not on top.
Finally!!! It's not Tebow that people outside of Denver chuckle at, it's the sense of entitlement from the Tebow cult.
I posted some pics :) hope you like em :) go see FF5 when you get the chance.
Sigh, his future wife will hate me.
I'm so bored I hate writing papers for school.
Nap time is OVER
Happy National Bieber Day love you and wish you have the best
sounds like you are in his backpocket
ITS DONE.
Happy Friday! RT : thanks for the #ff and the vote of confidence. Happy Friday.
that MUST be it! ;)
My last rant: I saw the new "We Are The World" was going to be a disgrace 2 bars into it when Justin Bieber starts the song off.
All strippers look pregnant.
More of my interview w/ Justice David Prosser coming up at 6:00 on TMJ4. I asked him about his relationship w/ Chief Justice after campaign.
absolutely! I will share my lamp - it is a magic lamp full of nail happiness! Can't wait for your email! I'm too ecited to sweep!
GOODBYE SEPTEMBER - Hello October !!! My favorite time of year!!
Psycho T could eat Shane Battier for breakfast
I'd like to see you try! LOL
Mr.Pipes class is so boring.
lol juju said she got her! We'll see.
keeps pooping in my refrigerator. It was funny the first 6 times, but this is just gross
"Fantasies Come True": I'll be accompanying Stephanie D'Abruzzo & more at Broadway Ballyhoo tomorrow night! See you there!
I'm glad you trust my opinion on these kids, because watching them in the combine is the first time I've seen any of them
Man wtf am I doing up gotta see the Lawyer in the Am ...
nice... and now they're fucking.
Psh I can't wait like three days for you to drive down here haha
conversations with sofia >>
given the situation he's in probably not a bad idea!
And what's worse is that the #beardgang can't do ANYTHING about it.
thanks that was fun,!
ATTENTION Moms and Dads "Child Support" isn't just something you "Pay" (Monetarily) its something you "Do and Give".Spend QT with ya kids!
Wanna change my twitter name but cant think of nthn else that fits me more than my current name ctfu smh at myself
Levron , wade give the ball to lebron deg if he pass it to u , u betta convert smh
Enjoying day one of my 2 days off :)
Sometimes I think: Why is so Awesome? PS: You're my Idol, guy !!
eh, the athletic department already gets plenty of my money.
I made myself a boss 🔨
I possess an oldy-timey apron that my grandmother used to wear! Love it. Had to have it!
#thunder is definitely going to start trending in LA. This is WICKED!!!!
Club JADA TONIGHT IN DAYTON OF THE CHAIN GET HERE
my guess is awake and ready to do the morning show.
God, please bless to keep slaying...
huge thanks to for hosting the World Premiere of Field Recordings last night!
Thanks for being my 100th follower! These days it's important to celebrate the small accomplishments in life :-)
is 3 states away from me & i cant meet him....
#Colts trade up to pick T Y Hilton. I was wondering what the guy on the Monopoly box was doing. Surprised he runs a 4.3 40.
yuck math! Haha I have Blevins too
Make change happen!
im following :))))
:) you're the bomb, Kendra. Thanks for listening.
Supporting the Baltimore Brew at Liam Flynn's Ale House. Really great people focusing on Baltimore. Really important work.
I smile way too much((((:
Random question. Have you ever been interested in the paranormal?
Thanks for yet another sync for me to check out Istanbul. Been on my mind + name of my blog Crossroads Dispatches.
happy birthday clayton, (:
fuck.. some things are better left
I'm looking for sponsors for the River City Rockin' Blues Festival.If you're interested in being a sponsor or just involved,let me know.
The most important thing you can do as an actor is to never stop working. When someone asks you what you’re doing, have something to say.
StaffingMarketplace will be exhibiting at Staffing World 2011
Queen of hearts
every1 follow me...i follow back!!!!! :)
Urs Gauchat recommends Konya host events year round as a cost effective way to build global interest & help to create a global city
so happy you came! Puerto Rican/Latina power at work!!
Now I'm finally heading home...for real :)
Goodbye budget.
Happy Birthday man. Have a good weekend.
Thanks to all who saw our readings in Appleton & Green Bay.. hope we sent some good karma the Pack's way as they hit the practice field 2day
I don't think the world needs to worry about masculinity disappearing any time soon. #com106 when movies centered around it exist
I encounter 1percenters almost every day here at work. They have no idea I'm an activist. It's like being a fly on a very #greedy wall!
Everything you say sounds really creepy when you're not wearing pants.
Thanks for including City Tavern in your December issue! #Historically accurate
it gets used a lot more than that. Monster trucks, roller derby, etc. Over the winter especially. I agree with your point tho.
missed #shetime last night but my all time favorite on screen romance is and will always be love and basketball
when does Castle air its new season?
Frustrating day at work. Time to kill some mannes tonight. #gwj #tf2 Who's with me?
Our pleasure!
I don't care what happened last night. The Wisconsin State Fair was great today!
hhaha so weird, I just got this notification right when my alarm went off
The Movie Sensei doesn't want to tweet about "Sister Act", regardless of the fact that it's trending right now.
You can just mail it?
Its easier to fall asleep at school than at home.
Tell me how tall I am because I didn't know !
glad I don't have to leave nyc for a Notre Dame game in 2010
Stopit? Like seriously i was jokingg.
The best player in the league is either Kobe Bryant or #24 on the Lakers
": I'm disappointed tonight. Lost an amazing girl to cyber bullying & bullying altogether a year ago, & it continues."
#protip mothers day is coming up, right?
It's time to get what's yours! Stop letting others control your destiny.
this is heresy!
If you like check out our site www.lifetrophys.com and give us you're feedback. We want to improve our site for you.
UR SUCH A HUSTLER
I think you're one who should be allowed to live wild and free. Go out and get some clams!
sigh. We lost. If I bet £10 on Sweden winning by a goal would have gotten £75.
Yes! Digging "Stay Away From Me." It's got spunk!
Welcome to the family of AxeOff USA! We look 4ward to having you as a host! Mike Ladd Entertainment LLC www.AxeOffUSA.com
my room is so hot come on man
BREAKING: Extended Mayan Calendar discovered. Archaeologists conclude this change to be implemented by the 'pro Obama' Mayans.
Today is Full SFX Makeup Test Run Day. Please help us celebrate by painting your face with various fluids... and follow
but that was my point. I was responding to your "wait for the facts." The state has to prove, but a narrative helps them as well
Was out a few days this week taking care of the move to TX. Next week, I'll share some thoughts about events along the way.
Bay Area here I come!
tomorrow at , the Millennium Arts Salon will feature a chat w/ , + jeffry cudlin! 3-5pm
haha I was not enjoying myself. Love spells for that lasts special request?
Yep RT : if Chris Brown & Foo Fighters get to go twice, we want back at LEAST 3 more times... RIGHT?
I had such a great weekend ^.^ and they'll only get better from now on. #summer12 baby <333
Swimming further to train for next triathlon & avoiding heavy foods that slow you down.
On my way! To the Waffle House then to tackle on today's activities Vac yay!
Assoc. Dean just suggested I use a typewriter to fill out my sabbatical application. seriously. smh.
I get all my news from the author of the "Bum Bum Song"
My wife is wondering why I am giggling right now #I'mStillimmature
Yes the professor himself will be appearing ONLY for the VIP session. He's a really great guy if you've never met him.
Emperor X (full band!) and Timbre tonight at the ! 9:30pm!
I wish we had a class on Quantitative Research Methods I could take. Get well soon to my brother,
Im Good just ain't good enough. Trying to get to great... Rocko said it best...
I'm down! It'll be me, 5 MICA students & Jason Sloan.
um yeah right you wish. Lol. U going to a&b?
Dear can you please have on your show!?!?!? They're are awesome! Funny! & Extremely gorgeous! You'd love em! <3
ha all his other shit probably not the IM GAY though
If u could witness any 2 artists in history perform together during the Super Bowl Halftime Show, who would u want to see?
cant.stop.listening.
I have to say it. The more I hear him talk the more I really think that is a HUGE PUTZ.
Hey everyone, show is going to be delayed this week, we don't have an eta on when it'll be released so please sit tight till then
#DesignedToDivideBlackPeople White people
Every true Belieber will always #BELIEVE in everything you do! You're an inspiration to us all :)
ah yea best way to do it
PESTIO=factors influencing the archivist's decisions of what to collect. Political, economical, social, technological, i----, and other.
"Find what you love and let it kill you." -- Charles Bukowski Which he did.
Break it down, Nina Totenberg.
really?! That would be amazing. Hope I have more time w/grad school & no teaching.
Eh, everythings okay. How's everything with you? I MIS YOU D+
RT : When people are deprived of nourishment they are easier to control. Stalin, Hitler & the GOP
RT : FREE LUNCH AT THE WESLEY!
I cant! this is top secret!
I have so much to do before tomorrow.
republican pundit- "we need to make the private sector figure out how to create jobs." .. how do you make someone do that again?
does marte look any more patient at the plate so far this season?
*waits for call or txt*
Made some yummy homemade french onion soup, my trick is molasses stir fried in the onions
Doing a split cd with our bros in Sing me to sleep! :D Hopefully toward the end of June! So stoked!
just when I think he's getting it...
u cool tho slime
Wish I could of played flag football today with Party injury got the best of me.
For those attending the Texas #himss regional conference, use #txhimss to tag your tweets!
I need Econ answers... It's all 's fault that i don't have them
If I keep taking this many notes, this is going to take me YEARS. However, it's worth every single minute. Always learning new things!
Why are we doing this lab when we should be reviewing?
EVERYONE! Go follow ! Make sure you check out their bio! You'll love the account :)
she's jade west
I'm a Very Respectful Person but they're some people Just don't Deserve my Respect.
GM people!!! I'm up bright and early as usual...work, work and more work :)
My good friend started her transformation on Tuesday morning. On Thursday morning she had lost 6lbs! Wow! Good job girl!
SHE RATCHET!!
Does anybody want to accompany me to goldbar? I think my date just bailed.
OhellNooo!!! . I let my mom borrow my blush & shes brings it back all broken & shit.. Ah whatever i dont even wear it. But still :/
Last chance US satty for Aruba this Sunday at 3pm at Isle Pompano, $520 entry, 1 in 9 $4500 prize packs. $60 super says all week.
Listening to ! Cant wait to see this boy again.. Oh and dont forget
thanks for the FF last week!
I diss like all this rich people
Dance Like No Ones Watching! Skechers street dance battle 6
Trying to convince the wee one that she was born at Twin Cheeks medical center in Buttcrackistan.
oh hell yeah shits about to get insane
Chad Edwards, what can we say about Chad Edwards, aside from Chad Edwards?
I'm pretty sure France couldn't handle the both of yous.
The moment when one of the players agrues with him about massaging his legs.
Some people are hilarious unintentionally!!
... Can't wait until his ass gets out
That's saying a lot. Clearly, $they should give you this grant.
Happy Saturday miss your face!! Xoxo
Thank you for the #FF. So nice of you!
Laughin' Dancin' Promotin' will never not make me laugh.
Folate, omega 3, red wine, and healthy lifestyle including cardio health (blood flow to the brain) all contribute to healthy brain function
Indie kid: Chloë Sevigny on sex scenes, internet lies and loneliness - The Independent
Dwight Howard, Derrick Rose, and Iman Shumpert were all wearing the same model Adidas shoe when they suffered their injuries.
I'm serious
heyy, we should hangout today. WALSHY OUR BABY IS HERE!! Im thinkin trampoline #YEAHBABY (: Call me!
Article from Donald Luskin at Smart Money about Health Care reform... "Health Care 'Change' Will leave you with Less"... Think taxes
Literally best Desperate Housewives ever!
Spring Beauty Trend #2: Create a cool Cat eye with black liquid liner.
Happy Monday everyone!
IM CHARGING RN!!!!
I got the music taste of a nigga, *shrugs*
Thanks! RT Be among the first to start following the Brookings Institution's Brown Center on Education Policy
it's hard to know what to do sometimes
It will be interesting - does it read aloud just the tweets or also linked articles.
it wasn't from anyone in my library, but I am lucky.
haha, that was almost a year ago now… how's it been since a couple months ago?
That way I can get my tongue in nice and deep.
the little bacon. (Mermaid) lmao
#DancerProblems Having costumes all over your room.
People watching since I forgot my book, magazine AND crossword book lol
AC on in the office.
To whoever lost their MacBook charger in PMA and never claimed it: thanks. It's allowing me to (pretend to) get work done. <3
chicken fillet
great meeting you today. Looking forward to hearing from you. Cheers!
Life is fool of Crap...
attended SocialMatchbox DC...great tech/media event.
I can't believe RNG is at the bottom 😭 #RNGeezies fanny Pak needs to go.
I have a serious problem..
it's all LaTeX and R jokes on here, folks.
Recruiting for a Sr Records Manager for a client in Houston. This position will be responsible for managing a team to execute effective in…
QUOTE for Complainers: "Work faithfully 8 hours a day. You may eventually get to be the boss and work 12 hours a day." Robt. Frost
#Melo has to play smart! No stupid turnovers!
I wish I could meet you! ! I freaked when you came
ight tell me what to put
Im bored ..
Today is gonna be a good day...
Ashamed to be a Spurs fan today. Embarrassing collapse this season, we don't deserve anything more than we are getting.
If you don't know the difference between "disk" and "disc"
In Lisbon, 30 min from Baltimore and #SHA2012. So why are we being deluged with snow?! At least we won't be caught in rush hour.
Idc I put it on lol
Last week, I went to Philadelphia, but it was closed.
Looks like I go home with my and my each 1-1.
Wen the teacher disses a student and the whole class screams Ooooooohhhhhhh!lmao
What if and fell in love at #NACA?
I know that's what scares me lol
$4.00 plus gas prices people can't afford to travel.
I just want to see your mom honestly...
Next time you and I will battle in SingStar!
Telling my PAST to KISS MY PAST!!!
sure :D
yess! But my mom took it yesterday. I'll get it back. Im gonna DM my number
hey its Nate from the Higher Ed Chicago conf. What was the other conf u said I should attend? Stamats? Hope all is well. Thanks
second best team in the state!!
We just rocked the house @ Johnny's, what a win, stoppage timr7
Cutting grass sucks!
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
I cannot believe he hit that shot. I am staying in the Ville and not going to Catlanta or Blue Orleans.
you'll be missed
Now its time to sign mike wallace, Braylon Edwards and dallas clark
laugh like Niall
yeye. I been thinking about it since then.
Ali's concert at Woodwind and Brasswind is this Saturday at 2pm!
is anyone in #cleveland or #cincinnati looking for a #salesjob? I have job openings in these areas..message me!
Time to play: how much can I get done in four hours?
i no they cancelled layaway sayn they wasnt makn no money chg a fee like errybody else n if u dont come get yo shit u loose it
Hahahaha! You rule. Trannies against animal cruelty! Carry a live monkey and you'll look prettier in comparison!
I just took five extra strength pain relief pills. Shit...
MAX5500AGAP+ , cut your mixed signal component cost at www.synpur.com
haven't heard any tracks yet. hope i remember to OH LOOK KITTEHS!!
cool, see you soon
it has to be my favorite show, ever. She's such a sick botch and I love every second of it. I can't stand Tyler though
Home alone tonight. Well, not if you count the bottle.
romancingdiamonds.com tomorrow!
American consumer shopping experience!
paying more than you should for your business telecom services? Call the people who know what they're talking about! 0844 880 2010
Oreo blizzard dq flow
it came as revelation: sfit had not killed him; #sfit had made him stronger.
Ya sprained a ligament in my back...only a week off deadlifting and running
i want vidcon to be held closer to us
Somebody cutting grass in the rain. Stupid
What happened?
Not doing ne thing today
don't forget to roll your clocks back an hour this weekend! who's using the extra hour to get more sleep?
I swear sometimes it's like nobody knows I'm famous
Have fun at #mw2012! Is going to be in San Diego too?
Philosophers provide answers to life's questions unlike said provider.
Anyone else calling Matt Gamel "Gamel-toe"?
Who bro?!
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job
RT "The best fertilizer for a piece of land is the footprints of its owner."––Lyndon B. Johnson
Just reached my 3,000th tweet. Another milestone!
James class LAME today . :/
In the car headed to Bama with big bro, baby sis, & niece... So much fun, laughs & listening to "Walk Alone" album...ALL SMILES
Very nice article, thanks for sharing!
...but being ranked behind teams like Creighton, SDSU, Virginia, and Murray State is something to spout at
Dodged THAT bullet.
"I'm Decimated" - Grafton
I couldn't hVe done it without you...
Lots of celebs in the NFC Championship game--doing ad VOs: Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr., James Spader, Dennis Leary, Jeff Bridges
I voted no to the all-cuts, no-revenues, recovery-killing #debtceiling deal, but U.S. default was averted by a 269-161 vote in the House.
Anyone wanna go to sunroom for brunch?!?! I'm always there either working or eating
I was interviewed for the news today about the work I'm doing for the Seamen's Church Archive! Wonder if I'll actually make it on TV...
thanks Caroline for the great feedback. Love you too!!!
Hey! Thanks for the shout-out yesterday. Hope you guys have a great weekend!
#Jupiter (Pisces/Sagittarius ASC) topics are squared. #Mercury ruled charts work the same way (Gemini/Virgo ASC). Squares are dynamic!
- Likewise! You had me at Ferragosto! :) Looking forward to talking food & sports very soon. - thx!
2 sexyass tracks you should be listening to: 'numb' & 'camel' ( remix)
Is it bad that I'm rooting against the inspiring underdog team in this movie because they're playing Texas?
make that 29
Starting next week we are beginning a Grill and Hang night with our life group @ our house,we'll provide the side dish & soft drinks.Join us
All My Niggas We Should Go Throw a Party in Africa
Ok nvmd I can follow Jon Huntsman ...finally getting to watching some republican debates.
FUCK I WOKE UP LATE
How can I smile when you won't ever notice me :(
Los Angeles Wins Again!
Time to venture out. Hoping for hot guys in sweat pants & geek chic glasses or at least some big subway rats to keep me entertained
Ya I hope so 2
I'll ride anywhere you can pick
Ha! Isn't that the truth. :-)
Dem boiz out im goin home
Watching Young Adult !
Live @ SXSW: We're helping UT Austin get in shape!
Bout to get these floor seats!!!
New York.. you?
Best motivation to run faster is the first rain drop ☔☁💦 lmao
tomarrow my first choir porformance.......i am soooooosooooosoooosooooosoooosooososososososososososososoooosooosooosoosooosoosooosooo scared
Thank you !!
guess they be missin' terrell p!
Oh... For some reason I was thinking RB3 would import the songs just from the initial Blitz game download.
#40thingsaboutme 35. TJ is my best guy friend ever! :)
#nowplaying The Temptations - Build Me Up Buttercup
Thanks for the follow:
#FF #Gratitude thank you
TONIGHT: The PSA w/ Prizzy Prizzy Please et al. This is your last chance for wavy theremin action!
hey man thanks for followin keep making dope ass beats!
Hate leaving early but wanna catch the end of the #Sixers game
I hope the door does hit him. Hard. RT : Hey Newt, Don't let the screen door hit you on the . . .
great ion know what we drinking on so
Sounds good at the end of the the week (or the start of the week) (or mid-week).
A lot of people seeking new beginnings have never finished with the past
When 2 Pac died music like his definitely died pac had swag, was sexy, kool but still
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist! Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com
followed you :) please s/o
It's kinda weird how 1 divided by 365 is such a small number: 0.00273972603
. Dont matter, hes gonna be top 5 next year.
Been a great and blessed day i got to meet a very special friend today and saw some of my old friends God is so Good to us!!
Oh dear now I want to read my book, afraid if I start reading book I will be up way past my bedtime.
you all look like u guys have so much fun u guys r lucky
In turn we encourage fans to download the album from their favorite torrent and proceed to scrobble to Last.fm!
Um, I live two feet from you. I thought part of this deal was that I become your garbage disposal?!
Don't have to take my Biology final. #yes 👍
Follow my Cocker Spaniels too!
Aww, thanks, I'm very flattered!
Where is this "Asia" that keeps coming up?
Totally agree. Don't know of a nice way to consolidate.
will all 8 be in Milwaukee tonight? Cappadonna too?
Yahhh Glad to be a Full-Time Model again at Abercrombie and Fitch HOLLA!! :)) ----$$$
You not being here, is a Good Thing & a Bad Thing...
start making them and selling them so I can buy mine from you now :)
smh that text
life is not over simply bc of testing positive for #HIV #educate yourself!
At school and I just ripped my fucking pants!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : tx u 4 importing so many delicious sakes. Your brand is a "seal of approval" 4 those seeking premium nihonshu
The average U.S. adult spends 65 min. per day on mobile media and 167 min. with the Internet, up 30 percent & 7.7 percent versus 2010.
If you can remember Charles Person's wife's name, you could be my favorite person EVER
the story about guestimating computer chip is pretty cool...who needs sigfigs!?
Why is everyone wearing black on the set tonight?? Is everyone okay?
I have steelers jersey on, my son put on his colts. Whats up with that?
I'll take some :)
Ah! Hurricane Irene is outside my house right now in PA! It's not that bad but it like just got here!
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken. I'm gonna say it like it's never been spoken.
see it... weird movie!!!
4 hours at Alcatraz, but it was worth it!
Whenever you give your word, say the truth
About this whole "finding a job" thing. I found one I want. Why can't it find me.
BETSEY JOHNSON IS AT NORTH STAR MALL RIGHT NOW
Thxs Mitch! RT : Had the best ribs you could ever imagine at twin anchors in old town.
Ceiling fans for the win.
Shaft. I tried two keys but to no avail. Hint: look at the keys. Those that look similar aren't good.
. uses the technology (clickers) to "create reasons to talk," encouraging discussion and interaction.
Anytime! The articles on Organic Connections are so interesting. Just have to share!
What's up Puffy?
ok who r u
“: Get your tree on! Out planting street trees with the neighbors on NE Morris and the great #whatrain? #pdx”!
Hey if you have created something new in music, photography, art etc. let us know! We are most inspired by the work of others around us!
Thank you Doors and Mr. Mojo Risin'. Today is the 40th anniversary of LA Woman
Your dog would not shut up All night long...
Thanks for the RTs!
id take that back :/
DRY PUSSY LIKE BAD BRAKES BETTA BRING UR SUPERLUBE
Some idiot forgot their bag at the gate. Now theres a bomb sniffing dog checkin it out!
Gettin amped for SXSW! Also gettin some road $ together with a gig in OB tonight! Come out to Mothers for High Tide all night tonight!
~~ Mama..she's Lazy~~~~ Lazier than me.
Shout out number two go to . Hes got some good music to listen to!
When i reunite with family members >>
Hey all my IU lovers- go see this weekend at the comedy attic!!
because iPhones are for AT&T and I'm in tmobile and so I need to unlock it so it can work for tmobile. So I ordered my Gevey.
You get mad when a dude calls you a bitch, but you refer to him as a "nigga"
RT I LIKE EM ALL EXCEPT FOR JASON ALDEAN AND MR GLITTERY PANTS!
Only time will tell if im his lady
just got in the gate but that seems fair. Not every MLB park has a fresh produce stand right inside the gate though...
rotisserie style in the plastic casing. The plastic was so hot it literally burned my fingers
needs to come out with his new album already. Its been awhile!
hey got a RT from a local celeb lol. Im a huge baseball fan. But i think sometimes the bar is set to high.
Jae Sic be da illest / Since Mike & Scottie hottest duo y'all seen/ killin' these other kids like a #HungerGames scene
Rocky Mount baby!!!
“: Yep! Had one today! Creepy.” And there wasn't even a full moon last night, weird! :)
Seriously, my need to shop on the weekends is getting out of control.
Drunk and yelling at dog. Josh has got our back. Halak, done.
I'll move back down, to this western town, when they find me out, make no mistake about it
I had to steal your last tweet. because I AGREE!
Kahului Union Church Family Choir will perform at 6:30 this Friday. We'll also have our weekly hula show on Sat at 1 pm with Hui Lanakila.
“Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.” ― Robert Frost
It's T-Shirt Time! Send us feedback and get an IntroFly T-Shirt now. - eepurl.com/fQo4z
you ladies make my heart smile <3 friends are a blessing
what school you go to?
Pile of stuff to do, only a few hours left in the week: there's nowhere to go but Rice Scene. :rice_scene:
u cant always tell by appearance of course, but isnt it easier to conceal one's LGBT identity than one's race/ethnicity?
you saw the part about tweeting 5-10x per day, right? Not 50-100. ;)
i have 412 followers right now and that's pretty freakin sweet!
the pink hairs actually pretty Hott!!
how did i miss you getting a new twitter?
If someone makes a mash-up of SNL and Survivor resulting in a YouTube video of "Leif in a Box," I will be forever grateful.
Mid May and I have my heater in full blast... What's up with the cold nights?
#WeWereCoolUntil you told me that angels were helping you pick out your baby name
I'm sure they are given free reign to write within a structure. I'm sure Mofftiss gave input into TRF.
Hey #gtmw! We have our first winner, Tweet me a picture of you with a member of Team E and you'll win an Empirical tee too
aye bro we had a ball, good food (thx Ms. Irene), great fight, we had a good time
Compact display density in new Gmail design looks good, at least to me.
Why do I wait until the last minute to do things? Oh yeah, that's right, I'm an idiot.
Waiting for the fireworks with my hubby and kids playing frisbee and UNO. Gotta love it!
Great Music. Boca Raton SUNDAY 7 pm @ Funky Biscuit in Royal Palm Place. Jan 29th Gary Farr & His All Star Big Band
Was just told, "Dude. You can't be gangster at breakfast, man." I'd say I have to agree...
That was a laser. Kid's got game. RT OK, now we all know for certain that Bryce Harper has a plus arm.
Hey #NYU students! Looking for a place to get a haircut? WS Hairstyling is the place for you! Earn LocalBonus points there today!...
Things that I miss about living in a house: a hose, a yard, and a pool that isn't overloaded by chicks who should not be wearing bikinis!
Great talk...I joined via Livestream.
Bears Win! 12-2, I think I saw a few more Cal fans than runs scored.
Breaking Benjamin!!!!!
I miss you too! Have to see you soon RT Doing great but missing you to death! I'll call you today. The girls and I love you.
NFL Draft Seattle Seahawks select Earl Thomas. Follow the #nfldraft at www.prosportsaddicts.com
I'm always the first one to laugh in a serious situation with my friends when we're getting in trouble.
havnt been tlkin too anyone lately
Ready and waiting for you both!
I miss him x_x
Sports Philanthropy panel at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Great to have discussion format
Why must people steal bags of mulch and an evergreen tree from a gated community garden?
what up doe!!!You get that heat me and sent....dm me my G
Dear allergies: I find you annoying go away!
Damn are you Serious Twitter? -__- I guess it's a Sign that I should sleep. But I dnt want to Dammit *throwing a tantrum*
LOL. Copy that. We'll seeya in a few.
Finally updated my background. Fashion for the fearless! www.sperantsa.com
i feel the need to explode ):
I am Corso fan again....anyone who says ah Fuck it on live tv gets the Janet Jackson award
oh man...decent episode except I was worried that someone was going to break a hand with the amount of backslapping going on ;)
RT : Path to the 2012 Farm Bill: Senate Holds Hearing on Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition...
Word. RT It's raining a bit, so everyone has decided to either drive 5mph or run into the person in front of them.
Okay!!!! This will be by second time meeting you then
read the ToS and surrender all your intellectual property to Google. :)
Can't wait to get some blue bell ice cream when I get to TX
hello hanabe and friends
not really lol did you?
You'll be needing butter on them there tatters Miss Knight! Great show,glad you where in EST~!
Every time you tweet, you're talking about how drunk you are & what girl you're in love with for the night. You're a gross man whore. Stfu.
“: Wow! Just heard NEW #NowOrNever. DAMN! Nice job, dude. ”
Working on my fitness💪
P.S. Do we have to work to earn our follow? We'll pay you in beer. Haha...
The past is the past and that is where I am leaving it at.
Decided to give "24" a shot. I'm hooked. Twelve hours in & don't want it to end but I can't wait to see every last minute.
Gmail went down, now Chrome. What is happening?! What did we do? Everybody apologize & maybe Google will forgive us.
heard of a new Brunswick sour?
My earbuds connected to my iPhone.... My iPhone connected to my... Mac air... My Mac air connected my... Wall plug...
made the Austin Business Journal's Top 10 list of Website Designers & Developers. What can we do for you in 2012?
Delta is really fucking me hard right now, now I have to go thru salt lake city
": Awe, I cried when I read this... well, one tear...it made it halfway down my face & dried out lol....jerk!
That's 2 votes for Wisconsin! Haha I miss you! RT : My vote is for Wisconsin"
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when girls wear Jordan's like what r u doing
are we offering students the best learning experience in our current educational system or is there something better?
My family is fucking physco. Thanks for ruining my day you fucking bitches.
Spurs are the #Duke of the NBA
Very cool new app helps road-weary parents find changing stations, playlands & more. Download before your next ... um, download
Going to bed!
gr8 follow for motivation & inspiration RT : Our own CEO is on Twitter! Check him out at !
um you bestfriend does(:
Still having a hard time believing I sat thru that vampire thingy starring Not horrible, but the bed/love scenes r brutal.
Oh God, one thing i know, You are good.
Steins tonight...who with me?
So if I figured out Cheney and I are 1/2 9th cousins twice removed, what would that make me and Obama?
I know more about reds but I recommend HiTime Wine Cellars. Give them your budget, they'll find 1.
Im So Gifted At Finding Things That Just Leave Right Before My Eyes -_-
will the real Jesus please stand up? Too many laws and formulas masquerading as Him.
Thanks for the follow Tyler - can't wait for NTIS tryouts!
walking in with Mayweather? Aw yeah! <3
Woah!! I made it into Austin's favorites! I think I just had a mini heart attack. Now all I need is a follow or tweet from him
Just spent 2 hrs. helping the 17 yo do financial aid forms for college. A good use of my time I think. ;)
Retweet if you look at old couples as evidence marriage can still be sacred.
cool! :D
We will be ready! RT expect a call from me tonight! it's girls night with my friends :)
Should we have a new Fashion Friday feature??? We have some pretty trendy people on our campus....
Hydration for the day begins as soon as you wake up. Keep in mind that caffeine is a natural diuretic, so limit it.
Dear #AustinJava screw you and your company.
same to you and your family
Just finished band practice! I cant wait to start booking shows
well i wouldnt say you are horrible ;) just kidding but if you are free saturday i could come to the KOP mall lunchshopcatch up?!
thanks for the follow :-)
Love that Robbie Ross is wearing his cowboy outfit with the blue jersey he forgot to wear the other night!
Now we are back to what I stated before... The actions of a very few do not diminish this for the other 99%
no, but I think he and I would have been bffs if the cake looked that cool!
Shout out to my KyForward friends who I'll miss. , ,
#Buy30Days its in the Irish iTunes top 10!!! :) <3
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 5
If this day could get any worse...I need a gallon of ice cream. Birthday cake please. Or chocolate chip cookie dough.
Some lady asks me if this is where you catch the red train to Wrigley. Huh? She says I look like a local.
Stop! I rushed out to 7/11 during the break and couldn't find anything I wanted to eat.
My pleasure! Thanks for the RT!
I got the best hookups and info to get hooked up for your music... I'll post more soon!
We need 7 to 8 hours of sleep to be fully engaged in life. Who will have thought this was the message @
Is that the Finnish version of the wave?
Would have been your loyal "cover" if only I could have kept your class ring and you had actually taken me to prom!
This year is my Jesus bday :/ RT : I still have two more years to make something of myself, living in contrast to Jesus's timeline.
The more I see of these candidates, the more worried I become that one of them will become president. Is this the best they have
Time for you too Tweet!!!
good night everyone
First day of community service and all I see is two women stealing all the donated food and clothes. Wonderful.
drunk wiith john! ahh i cant feel my mouth!
Taking requests? Would love a little Gotye as I'm getting ready for my morning.
The band Shag plays tonight at 9:30. They cover a very wide range of music that will be sure to have you rising to your feet and dancing!
Lots of big egos on stage + trying to score political points = great entertainment.
RT If only the Grand Canyon was lead-free. After seeing film Scavenger Hunt I know otherwise.
tell her i dont like her anymore lol
Is Soony a sub possibility?
Thanks for the follow. You get over to #Curacao much?
wow $10 billion in new development in a one mile stretch of Biscayne Blvd is crazy! But that's true
Justin's changing the lens; 30 seconds.
my agent is double booking me alot lately, any dj's out there want to take these gigs?
what elo you at rite now
with my friends
Finishing up the details of some really cool stuff at DreamCoast. Cool Stuff!
tweet them please
In the 1930s, scholarly publication was considered to be "in crisis," says Gitelman, for many of the same reasons we think it is today.
i could tell haha and i know you just made it look like soo much fun so i had to try it
oh haha! Wallace and Ed are leaving on Memorial Day next week, so w/o them, 3 dogs, a bird, a chameleon, 2 tarantulas
Yo! - thanks for the suh-weet iphone case! someone ( ) brought it home for me, since he's stuck with a
it was a good workshop. I have a few students who are on the sight word path in reading. Looks like a beneficial program.
not exactly the same
probably had something to do with that black mark on the season called the brawl with xavier.
hahahaha thanks coach
Trivia time: who infamously shouted, "Take what you can get!" at the local 'bees?
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else; but never the best for themselves.
Was Randy Newman telling the truth about all the wonders of LA?
Ha! It's a day at work, but not awful.
Now all Beyonce's, Lucy Liu's and Babydolls; get on the floor.
i like it alot :)
sounds good!
got stupid took two massive pulls and then tried to solo bridge at 29 into the wind. I popped.
Yep! RT : Just got back from lunch to learn that #Prop8 has been declared unconstitutional. Fuck yeah, Ninth Circuit!
No Risk No Reward
Same thing should go for a Priest, school teacher and a politician. Right?
Brady's sacked!
Ray Kamalay and his Hot Peppers live at Enso (3/4)
If a person tweets more than once per minute, is there an obsession developing?
My dad:"Kentucky is a state, Kentucky is a state, all the people there are dicks Kentucky is a state" Lolol
AH Lamed out on that one. :o( Red Abbey played a show tonight at #ZiaRecords Did anyone get to see them?
Learned today about the Law of Anecdotal Value and am DEFINITELY guilty of living by it.
RT : Birthday Party Tonight! Everyone Free! Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy
Money long it match the numbers in my social
Our Family is so blessed... God has done so many wonderful things for us. I'm hella thankful
At the risk of sounding exclusionary, how is a burglary arrest in Steuben County constitute #roc news?
i like your song all that ,Iwanna kno can my group do a song with u plz dm me any details plz or check your dm for my number
I Really Like This Song , Its Totally Thug . Lmfao ,
I know very little about this topic. Happy to check out any links, even dubious ones, that you share. Especially the dubious ones.
in that last link, such wonderful things (thank you !)
No other place I'd rather be this weekend. Well...ok...there are other places I'd rather be, but I need to be watching conf.;)
why in the world am I at Hell's Kitchen right now. , explain yourself.
I can fix that. I have audio and video. #stirringthepot is not my style though. At least not publicly.
oh my... i get the feeling something very traumatic just happened to you lately????
Love going to the gym with my wife. It is always better than going alone. Have done that. I am so blessed. Thank you Lauren.
counting all my blessings... & putting em' all in investments...
Mann wants an iPad and an iPhone for his birthday!
So happy to connect with you!
I have a different view of the characters as portrayed in the movie vs. the book.
The #Browns Dline is going to be much improved this year. The added depth will keep the starters fresh. A problem for us last year...
that's strike 1 for you sam.
Thanks so so much man!!
2X the Fun!!! Southern Tier Night & starting at 8PM Skype Session with Phin, Founder & Brewer.
Same. It drives me nuts when they take up space on sites. They are useful for help chats though.
Sterling Silver Amber Celtic Love Knots Ring On Sale | Sterling ...
you should move west and we can make err'one jel.
You know that I can use somebody, someone like you 💗
"Yeah, beer tastes good"
thanks so much - I'm going to schedule something with you today! I am totally looking forward to it.
lol.. do I need my picture I.D,.. or is that just reserved for the lowly democrat...nah... You have no clue what America needs.
yu turned into a stranger
Would Jose Antonio want his sunflower poem to be in an anthology of Latino nature poetry...?
One of these days imma drive 40west till it ends
Food poisoning: Throwing up in a trashcan in Rite Aid while Xmas music plays in the background.
The Brown Center is now on Twitter -- follow to stay on top of the latest #edpolicy research.
Oh Gods of #SXSW, please let me remember later where I parked the car.
It's gonna be cool ! :)
chilling in my house
Happy birthday to the realest ! LIVE IT!
wait..... what happened?
Studying for an hour = me remembering everything
In the BtoB world, 50% of leads come from web. Up to 75% by 2015
Will be playing on Dec. 18th @ 11:00 PM. I'll be putting up event soon! It will be a late night Los Angeles!
Also, heads up! Tomorrow is Groundhogs Day, free re-Phils all day long!
It's raining again...oh, England - how you do surprise me...
She's stupid to think I didn't see her . She's not slick for nothing .
This weather is a amazing!!!!!
Dat bitch said she hate and i feel sum type of way bout dat...
Oh, I know. I regret it every day.
Hey , and I just saw you downstairs at Citizens Bank Park. Good luck with the first pitch tonight!
American Horror Story shows how creepy is done
#AlcoholicStatus u got a pint of 5 o'clock gin n yo back pocket!
Okay. Well it'll be you, me, and Adrianna home.
Thanks, First Response Pregnancy Test ad on tv!...For reminding me to take my birth control today.
wild weekend. Good Night, Good Hockey! #flyers #nhl,
Thanx for following ;)
Standing room only for Ron Paul in Rochester
Could not be happier, perfect day at the beach with
LOVE that song! Have had it on my MP3 player for awhile. You, David Lee Murphy and Rivers Rutherford wrote a great song!
I was just gonna say that wealthy people tend to vote Republican.
Check me out Dallas: I'll be at tonight at 9 PM. I'll be sangin' and the beautiful will be slangin'
what is going too happen too your p.o. box when you move too Miami !? :O
just got the lowdown on the sudden demise of Domino. The economy, yes, but that the ed-in-chief acted like a total freak didn't help either.
Lately, I've just learned to accept the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of.
woo! GO SOUNDERS!
Really? how come u don't like it? I'm not crazy about metal but I don't think it's that bad..
this moment in my life is just a chapter in the book....i know the ending.
Ya I don't agree with that at all.....Leave Luck two in a half minutes? Should of ran more clock imho
Mane i really don't like this bitch !!! But i put up wit da shit ..
all i fiend is a queen n my presence i could hold down untill i part ways from earth
Silver Stars trailed by 16 in the first half. Sophia Young scores 20 in the second half.
someone tweet me? :)
I transitioned on the site.
agreed! So awesome but no one else is on it!!
Glad I'm feeling better. Hilton Head here we come!
See you there!
lol yes ma she's my baby it was instant love
title party. #hailhail we are in Phoenix az partying.
haha kinda gross but, good. I was gonna say, if you've never done that you're insane. Haha.
agreed! they're fantastic!
4 second.s....skins win. With a 56 yard pass to santana!!!!!!
But did you see him hit two crucial threes to comeback? The man can't miss! Harden was the boss of that game though
Mind body unity
Please follow mee?? ;)
Maybe if you wear them in a more promiscuos way they won't!
Fact: I #write first and foremost for myself. If anybody else enjoys it, great. If I don't enjoy it, it's not worth the bother.
Really don't wanna go to school tomorrow..
Wonderful for those who can afford it. Too bad the SF Symphony Orchestra doesn't have a ticket program for starving artists...
You're welcome!
Visiting the casinos of Biloxi and The Mississippi Gulf Coast
fuente de chocolate con la familia ♥
RT : Baltimore was a parking lot this morning, which made the bike ride in fun as hell.
I could really go for some chocolate chip cookies and a glass of milk.
When I'm in a particularly good mood I like to run all my software updaters at once and feel even better when they find new versions. Ah.
Never!! RT“ LMAO! You probably deserved it!”
Need some new shoes.
Yes, it has been important to others. Has often been a battle to explain that I'm a capable developer even tho was not my title.
As Kmiecik said, he signed me up yesterday. Now I can give all my sports knowledge to the world.
ah...home! Check out Titletown Brewery, upper level!
thx alot man !!! you are my 500 !! follower :D respect ;D from sweden
the OLED TVs were amazing, LG killed it. Sphero was good fun. Beautiful new Audi, Ford, and Mercedes control interfaces.
OK, applecare+ must be purchased directly from Apple until approximately 11/14. Sorry for any confusion!
Well, I'm glad I could help! I'm sure it's tiring - just want you to know it's worth it :-)
Its nice outside for me too but have rain comming for mothers day on sunday.
Our perception of the costs of transportation are not accurate. We need transparency in the costs of transportation.
lol yeah I fuckin hate those things I'm seriously like a little girl :x
well that was odd. 64-54 #illinois trailing the #badgers with 1:22 remaining after teams exchange free throws and an elbow jumper by griffey
About an awesome day ahead!
Proud of my Alma Mater... OU played a good game!!!
OMG! How I wish I spoke Korean!!!! .__.
Happy St. Patrick's Day :)
I miss the show Kim Possible!
RT : Im going to need a really good steak dinner and some
What do you do when no one is looking?
The Battle of the Ironclads Civil War Conversation starts at 12:15 today at Baine's in Appomattox. See you there!
beautiful flowers :)
yeah, that's great for me too!
Thank you so much. I'll still be available for crass remarks and mockery.
"As long as you work ethically to your own standard, you will better yourself and get the work that you want..."...
Honestly all I can think about is Steve Carrell, being like,"fuck Im sotired of people wanting me to go back 2 the Office." kill him
what! Your suppose to bathe before work? Must of missed that note.
lol...my jokes are one of a kind. I know you guys miss my bad jokes/puns!
Special Features - 48 FPS: The Frame Rate that Broke the Internet - Flickering Myth (blog)
AH UPLOAD FASTER...my audition for definition0fswag is taking legit FOREVER
There are literally no words to describe that outfit...
#Footloose a fav of dancers!
At and finally got served after 45 minutes. Wow.
can't wait for that new Books record!
World's most inconvenient trend: giant headphones. ...But, where do you put them when not being used?
welcome to the twitter world!! we'll be tweetin it up at #glazierclinics very soon!
Halftime. Colorado Girls Basketball playoffs. ThunderRidge 32 Cherry Creek 18
Mandarin Beijing. New Chinese restaurant in Otay Ranch. Owned and run by local family. So very very yummy!
I'm about to be
#ff love to our newest followers, thank you!
why'd they miss that alleyoop? :-)
seemed like a fine option to me. What good would it be w/o friends? Tho I didn't know it would SMS
This Wknd we will be honoring ALL GRADUATES in ALL SERVICES! Grads: make sure you come - we have a gift waiting for you!
How do I know you read my tweet though...? I guess I'll just have to wait :/
Segura: We have never seen this before. Have you ever seen such passion on both sides about an issue before? It's important and healthy.
Just bought Tweetie for the iPhone. Like it.
RT : In Chrome's ChromeVox the HTML5 implied landmarks are not voiced but explicit ARIA landmarks are.
Common vs Drake??
I love it when I get the unexpected "I miss you" phone call :)
Had a blast..... You coming to the Yukmouth concert right???
follow me please
Can't wait to see ya'll at Cheers to a great weekend friends.
follow back
I met your buddy in DC and we talked about NCSLMA conference. hm:) Hoping to go
#UCantBeToughAndSay you met One Direction.
as opposed to what? Running down the street pantsless screaming billy joel lyrics?
lol I love it! May use that now :)
Parking spot near new apartment = secured. SCORE.
Please tell your announcers that Carlos Delgado is from Puerto Rico, not Panama. For the love.
HELL YEAH!
You never realize what you have until it's gone. - Toliet Paper
yo them good night mentions was poppin low key i hope yall enjoyed them and i wish yall would stop bein strangers
Did the latest Google Panda update eliminate the value of keyword rich anchor text? That's my best guess, and it would make sense.
Just go go go
Sort yall I'm drink!
where'd u go!?
#informative RT : Trying to settle a debate. Did/does Santa leave wrapped presents or unwrapped presents under the tree?
Ohmygawdddd I thought today would never freaking ennnnddddddddddd. Well worth it. Goodnight. CARIBBEAN SUNDAY d^_^b
Related services may include speech and language therapy, occupational therapy, adapted physical education, and clinical services.
Check out this Valentines contest for a photo session with the local and talented dear wesleyann !
I think a glass of Scotch sounds about right for this moment in time.
#ThingsWeAllHate A mom bringing her crying baby to the movie theater! SHUT THE FUDGE UP! ... thank you :*
A paper 2 tests and a final presentation due this week and it's not even finals yet
RT : Getting homesick...I miss bluegrass, a good hike, views of the mountains and so much more./maybe a compromise to KY :)
I want to have a boy and name him Rory
maybe i judge people too much
had a #greatass time at my sis britt's 30th beeday party this eve .. sang happy birthday to her, danced, & had drinks in honor of it all ..
Hi Curly! Hope you are well :) Woofya
Thanks for getting me sick. #feellikeshit 😪😷
TURN TO YOU! <3
Thx bro! 😊 RT : Nice work way to put on!!
he can't go to every city? He's already had a concert in NYC & It turned out well so he's going back.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are laughing WITH you.
thank you =) I am very excited to be part of the show. Had a lot of fun
I am single and make under $30k per year. Your tax plan certainly doesn't seem to help me. Maybe I'll marry Octomom.
heading over there now. See you soon, sir!
Next four weeks will be interesting.
I know, prices are so crazy right now. I'll let you know how it goes (crossing my fingers Miles does well on the long flight)!
Lmao! Slap him! ": Ew no he did not just walk pass me and call me sexy .. That shit is a #turnOFF *stank face*"
Sure but I don't see any team wanting him to be their starter. Might stay and learn things from Manning!
Did you know the #Badgers are playing for a national championship? follow for updates from Duluth, vs. Minnesota
Jael de Pardo is my dream woman
who deserves to win #FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA oh yea of course my idols ? Love yall guys?
Who got a instagram?
I am not happy, I am vampire, I'm only happy when something dies! lol, a quote from Suck the movie, I liked, and can relate to in some ways
LOL | RT : I live on 16th St. Hard to hear CNN over the celebratory gunfire coming from the West Wing.
Going on stage! Can't wait!!!!
Yikes! But I suppose that's true in a way. I do like soothing indie tunes.
Only good thing about the end of school is no more school work!!!
I only call em down the middle. Opposite of Stwift
Girl: I wanna do illegal things to you(; Ex-boyfriend-like what?(: Girl- like kill you...
Brrr...it's cold out! Call the DC Hypothermia Hotline at 1-800-535-7252 if you see a homeless person out on the street.
Is it odd that I stop reading after every page (iBooks) to admire the crisp letters ...
Nice driving range session with the pops today.
#bestconsultsever Med faculty needs lit review for paper submitted in a week. Wants to buy me lunch.
thanks I appreciate it
Tell Parker to play Ants Marching with his violin at my request!!
Scary. Glad you survived. I saw you talk at BSides LV 2010.
hope our friends in Japan are all safe this morning. our prayers and good energy are with you.
#ifidiedtommorow id hug my sister go to church pray for awhile
In one way or another, I always find myself disappointed.
I'm ready for this night to be over with already. #wannagohome 😞
Congratulations on your face.
When I ask you not to turn down the fan I mean it dumb a.
we'll link up! I'll be in NYC next weekend/week. Will you be around to grab a coffee?
Oh ok, you mean your visiting still....got it!!
Working on the blog this morning anybody have any thoughts on Wordpress as a platform?.
OmG took me forever but I thank God I made it home 🙌🙌🙌drivin and couldn't keep my eyes open for nothing smh
Think my bus driver is a man lol
maybe follow instead...
It could have been 4:30 on a Friday you know.
This is a Top10 episode tonight.
i voted all day long, please follow me back
So people have noticed...
Lol I am too! I watch ALL the movies on ABC Family, I love watchin cartoons lol
Aloha Alert!!
Easter Gift Baskets Without Chocolates and Bunnies? Is it Possible? My Gift Basket Ideas, Inc. asks and answers the age old question of w
oh my ok
I dont see that happening anytime soon and im n the house for tonight!
are pocket silks ever acceptable for GOP candidates during debates? Romney could pull it off, Newt might blow his nose...
Citizen Icon!!!
Ben just called me, after dropping me off, just so i could hear "My Girl" playing in the car. hahaha #SoCute :)
Good Morning...You have all the power within you to change your life into what you want it to be.
Have fun. I always love MLA. Sad I'm missing it this year, but just couldn't justify going on top of other conferences.
This law deserves a second look- I hope this wasn't what they had in mind. I get standing your ground, but this doesn't seem right.
hah. no. I hate you.
I'm in NB bro bro
its going to be 62 in my house this winter; i think i may break down and buy a snuggie
Thank you Sen. Kerry for standing up for women and opposing the Blunt-Brown Amendment.
Trying to get the site to accept gift certificates....why is this such a pain in the butt!?!?!
check us out on reverbnation
o god wht?!
shouldn't you be at #tastecamp making a lanyard or something?
(c) that agreed with what hitler had to say and basically sided with him. Then we have to write how our opinion changes.
las vegas? North, south, east, and west please Steve get me the right direction to One Direction in vegas
Your powers of deduction, sir, are simply amazing! lol!
whether riding in a speedboat or flyin high in an airplane was/is a
Hell yeah! I get to be the operator for the rest of my shift!
Wishful thinking that you actually stopped being immature
Absolutely! Thanks for the crushes :-)
Hi there! Yep, I'm in Portland. Do you need help with QuickBooks?
Cinco de Mayo at Paco's! Join us this Thursday night for the best Mex in Orlando for over 30 years!
Do Not-Feed your pet real bones to chew on-can cause a risk of fracturing the teeth & can cause intestinal problems.
I am Not like Ariana.Lets face the facts!Im not talented or flawless.Lol ur exactly like Cat.Lets not lie!Lol :]
Is "severely conservative" or severely anything supposed to sound like a good thing?
And it's hard to dance with the devil on your back so shake him off
Lifes like a coin toss but make sure you keep them heads up
RT : I need to do better w/ my eating habits and exercise 4 sure
Someone like you ♪
Just want to say a HUGE thank you to the for a great season! You guys played with class! Can't wait till next year.
Male pedestrian in Estacada killed in hit and run crash. His friend was with him, now talking to police. Hayden and Springwater blocked off
She sounded a little whiny to me (like when I complain about a bad nat'l pitch), but I did take it to heart.
LOL. RT : Unfortunately my Mind Palace is an outhouse
Start your holiday decorating yet?
hey thanks for the follow! check us out on our www.facebook.com/waterdistrictband we have some demos up :)
thanks. See you at 360 this year?
I know it's crazy lol
RT : There are still a few spots left for the Nonprofit Video Workshop with this Friday! lightscamerahelp.org/learn
I'm impressed by your candid declaration but everything is in hand. Mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Sherlock is back tonight?! Heck. Yes.
Oh, you make rude tweets about people without mentioning them? You are so blunt and ruthless.
HEY>>> I JUST WATCHED THE VIDEO.... ME LIKE... #teamsuccessful LET'S ALL GO GET IT!!! ;-)
“: cus i'm dangerously in love with you..” I'll never leave
You look so handsome!! have fun! I'll be watching
Music transcends time.
Headn up for summer vacation in daytona
But we are ballin here lately,yo regg get it dude about time you RUSH the ball! Lmao cat always got to catch it. He's really a wideout!Slot!
Send your Best Luck Puns to and the best one gets an order of FREE breadsticks w/cheese!
nice on the swag bucks!
Too graphic for her to do that -- even on Twitter!
So excited I finally made it to Perrys for the famous Easter dragqueen brunch. now I can burn in hell with all my #DC friends.
lol who all are you with ?
lol- that was extremely helpful how did you know!? now to figure out the correct place to insert the <br /> tag in my table
Beautiful Saturday, Papers to Review :-(
lmao bro it was
That's it. I declare Sublime Text 2 to be incredibly awesome.
Dats wat basically Atracts me the most well really to tell u da truth is their sense of humor...
what to you
“: A hug. Your jacket. Your smile. Your laugh. It's the little things that makes me fall in love with you all over again.”
Been driving since 9pm, 5 more hours till
I wanna go bowling.
“Accomplishing early morning goals serves as a springboard of momentum for the rest of your day.”—Jason Selk
oh yes thank you for that... Now definitley he might. Hey while your at it tell him to follow me back XD
How could I forget #songsthatmakeyougetgoosebumps how to save a life by the fray
haha no way! is white chocolate! #vcu wouldn't know what hit 'em!
RT : Dreams are the touchstones of our character. ~Henry David Thoreau
You're welcome! (:
And To be honest its' kobe and artest fxcking fault we lost tonight
Snow cones and thirft store shopping. Successful day!
listen buttface ur the ugliest person here
out of hand lol
Thank U for your generous donation to the Walk 4 Autism Chicago. Maggiano's Little Italy-Italian Restaurant! Amazing Pasta!
Block City
NO IM REALLY DONE
I'm really not a compainer, but this knee surgery has kicked my butt. Severly.
Summer is right around the corner! Does anyone know of any great places to visit on Cape Cod? The best are the Family owned stores #Tell us
"Germany leads in the deployment/adoption of business social media"
Good chance of showers today. -- Bathroom Forecast.
Started playing with a Demon Hunter, kinda like the Barbarian better.
you forgot FORGIVENESS
doin good.. you check out the music at all?
come on now
If green beans turn gray when stewed, it means they have lost their nutrition.
Cute pic!! Watched the latest #Transformer movie, was good, but def not the same w/o you!! I think you are much prettier!
like I told you before. I'm gunna watch the heck out of soccer this summer and when u see me this fall we can talk soccer in depth.
Oh, sorry! Barcelona
The smell of coffee when you need most is just too great.
oh ok Maybe next week then cuase his moms trippin
I haven't! I'll look right now! :]
Duncan on course redesign - leverage high quality, open educational resources
Got a lot to do today, but I'm not stressed. I know I'll get it done. #rise&grind
RT "postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing until it gets there.” Only when cancelled.
I feel like its a Dre day
Fuck that... Show your face and let's drink!
really!? That's awesome! :)
Pride & Prejudice ** but love Catherine vs Isabella in Northanger Abbey. I see Isabella types in own life.
Get to see tomorrow :):)
Aw poor poor dear... GO DUKE! RT : You got to be kidding me
At taco bell again. I go out to eat a lot.
Where and what was Jay #Cutler drinking in Chicago? www.USSportspages.com
was about 2 cry, when she told me 2 stop waking 2 fast & I said I am a fast walker, it's like telling a whale not to swim
My dog walks around like it's shit don't stink. I got news for it!
RT Gene Smith said he had not talked with any other candidates about the Ohio State job.
Hope the Redskins drafted someone to pick up 's helmet when he gets frustrated against NFC East defenses like he did against
ha! those are classic. I didn't get my start until the Apple IIe/Apple IIc era :)
Take 1800taxicab home WE OUT HERE!!! :-)
Relaxing a bit now? I'm sure it went GREAT.
What is your all-time favorite item to shop for?
We wouldn't trade a two time AS for a fringe starter more destined to be a reliver. Greinke wouldn't improve the #Indians?
i want KOSHER food.. so badly
You can dialogue back and forth on Facebook, Twitter, blog comments, etc.
I saw a couple on a Santa Monica sidewalk dressed like Portlandia. During my observation they eskimo kissed without smiling. –Unsettling.
Thanks!! Between consulting and photography, I should end up doing well, and being a lot happier in the meantime.
I just finished a 2.59 mi run with a pace of 9'38"/mi and a time of 25:02 with Nike+ GPS.
If you are a Mahomie, Go & follow her right now.(:
New painting later on today! Check back in a few hours! :)
Hey we have a dog like that, Khloe <3
Goodmorning everyone and blessings to all. Enjoy your day
No he didn't
Love that show!
A3: Being in premier league doesn't guarantee top sponsor $$. Performance does matter. Team could help activate better too
The depressing thing about tennis is that you'll never be as good as a wall.
Your welcome! Love seeing everyone's comments on your blog.
you know I just set everything up.
Thank you for the wonderful gown and dress last night! I enjoyed meeting you and showcasing your hard work!
It's almost farmer's market time!!!
Watching at 1 am....great way to end the day
Henderson, Nevada here I come. I found a house just negotiating price. Why is it the one I want just hit the market & they won't go down!
RT : Posh TONIGHT...PLEASE ARRIVE EARLY....PATRON PARTY...SOUNDs by Dj Citi & Dj Double R
what can I say? Guess I just have low-brow tastes.
I will send an email back to you first to let you know that this isn't spam. We will not save your address unless you want us to.
Happy New Year, everyone!
awkward moment when you know a celebrities relative & they walk by you all the time.
I hate 's phone!
You'll be under water in 5 years. ;-)
Repeating the word is some sort of magic :)
I got the only hangover
Crook-ed num-bers! Clap, clap-clap, clap, clap, clap, clap! Crook-ed num-bers! Clap, clap-clap, clap, clap, clap, clap!
what a lovely thing to have!
thanks! I like laser eyes on my animals.
Work can suck it
RT - I just received my tix for the next 2 Sunday's in Oakland.. Jets & Patriots is coming to town.. New England Pats, Plax...
awe thanks ha
The twitter has been seriously neglected... Will start updating again! Sorry.
Yes, it is a lovely day!
This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership
Any suggestions on where we can get some good pie in #Portland for #PiDay today?
Breaking news! A newspaper published an opinion column by a mean idiot who doesn't know what s/he's talking about.
Great show Jim/James, poignant stories set to a powerful live soundtrack. Go see it LA people!
Aww man never going to get that :( !
:D how have you been?
there's a person on my golf team, and her brother looks like garrett nickelsen.. YES (:
I hope someday you will follow me(:!! Love Yhuu Austin!! Yhuu Don't even know <3
I don't care if they ban texting and driving...my middle finger out the driver's side window will always be legal!
What a wonderful event! Thanks for being awesome and bringing joy to these children.
won't be the same without . Sorta like when left
Looking forward to the Summit on Thursday!
Go to www.projecthoopla.com to join the journey and create a more connected marketplace.
sounds like a winning costume to me ;)
Is it because my father was a prick that I dislike pure rockabilly along with any good old days nostalgia for the 50's?
are we going tonight!?
but you said you had work?
hahaha no. but I miss our trio. can we all do something soon?!
Dukes of Dixieland New Orleans cruises nightly during festival on Steamboat. Lovely cruise...add to your NOLA experience
RT : That bacon question pushed my hunger to the limit... I'm needing food soon.
me to!
Up and ready
what's your beef? Why are you tripping so much?
Ground beef now $2.99/lb at Costco (88/12 mix) and chickens are up to $.99/lb. Weak dollar and high oil costs are draining my wallet!
If G gets suspension it is pretty much over for the Flyers
You act so disappointed in me but really it was you who did this to me.. Apologize and admit the mistakes you have made.
paid for a medium frappe, got a large cause the girl working apparently felt nice. human beings aren't so bad after all. :)
Probably Hughes. Cruz has gone 2 days in a row.
When someone says "I'm really done" their not really done. You are really done when you don't have to say it you just do it!
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?
berry nice!
Makes me think we should do more with matching signs to what people are doing in a particular area.
I'm always dumbfounded by women who clearly think they're hot but aren't, just blonde. Wanna give them a dye job.
why dint u hatter go fuck off
Very well done and interesting presentation regarding the best social media practices! Thanks
Fashion show time.
Damn kaitlyn hates watching this video man love you bestfriend <3
Hate taking my dog out in the morning 😡
Thanks so much! :D
Follow me /oaksmusic
"i hate Mindlezz Behavior" "I hate mindless bhavior "i hate mindlezz Behvior" Ok well as long as you dont hate Mindless Behavior <3
Why don't horoscopes about love ,success and happiness and finding that special someone apply to people in prison.
hahaha have you seen "the baddest"?
Thank you! I wish I could see his performance in “Death of a Salesman” on Broadway
Day 4 of my 5 day fast. Feeling great!
Building a business is like building a relationship.. Unless you get to know it & put forth the effort it needs u will eventually loose it!
#sla2011 rising stars and fellows in 202. Always a great session.
you're the first person I thought of as soon as I tweeted it.
RT Everybody knows it's a lie when you say your marriage ended on good terms. That's why I blame my divorce on term limits.
how perfect, i was JUST going to ask around twitter about biking in columbus, so thank you for that RT!
How has everybody been doing today?
Thanks, Rob.
I feel the need to create in hopes of inspiring others....
I'm not the type to post my lunch on Twitter, but I do wonder what it will be. Oh the possibilities...
RT I wanna go too the zoo. :(
Thanks! We have a screen printing business, , whom can we talk to about giving a better deal on printing?
Who the fuck gave women the dumb idea that they cannot be considered wack. Some of ya'll are WACK as hell. 6:00
So the autograph session was a success after seeing him interact with #BBN after the session I can honestly say he is a
How does everyone like our new homepage? Comments/suggestions? Pls send to
haha will do!
... "Parental Advisory" sticker. I believed it was a sin to buy (and listen to) their album, but I did anyway. :)
Hey young world (:
"Bad Strategy abounds." ― Richard Rumelt
Seriously hoping Peyton Manning decides to join the 49ers. Highlight of my day.
If you hear about Norway and STILL support conceal and carry gun laws, you're only a dribbling redneck with base ambitions to "pack heat".
Jesus! I'm taking it with DeFelix 5:30 - 8:00 on Monday & Wednesday nights. Are you in the 6 week program or 12?
Anyone ever been to Monte Cassino? Home of today's beard of the day.
Cool jazz session with Hilary Steinberg almost underway...and they brought in an amazing spread of food. Wow!
I think that should be a yoga instructor at our school. Just saying.
the new bloggingabdc one :)
Need some new music suggestions, what music did you discover while teaching/studying/traveling abroad?
Ive got a Mare ready to deliver twin foals any day now. Successful birthing of twins is 1 in 10,000.... Fingers crossed.
Sin City #Crossfit is participating in "Fight Gone Bad IV" on 9/26/2009! Come join us! www.sincitycrossfit.com
OOHH :) Sounds Fun!
I don't know how many 27th birthdays I've celebrated.
- She had to fly to Baltimore to audition for the role.
Bored? Tune into SFR! www.suffolk.edu/radio. You can request songs by calling (617) 573-8324 or through AIM: Suffolkfreeradio
Cabana Suffolk ave
I need major rest.
At the same time welcoming new fans!!!!!!
Country fans are the best cooks bar none! So I need some help. For Thanksgiving, do I brine the turkey or not and if so, any tips?
:D now I know what to ask for, for my birthday(: do you which boys yet..?
U bitches gonna love me in my GUCCI Loafers
Doctor says I healthy and getting a iPhone 4 this weekend. :D
Gettin geared up for the release of the official Doppio website. Big thanks to for design!
Believe it or not, there are local races on the ballot.
