Hot crowd tonight Hosted by w/ thanks!
yup, it's on the future sports list, hopefully 2013!
I'm gonna start calling the #Heat Miami Lukewarm lol
Hey bebes would u like 2 tAke a mini vacation? Shit aint gotta ask me twice, wherez that dotted line.. Yeeeee
Don't even Get me started on Brands. What an ass clown he is.
#PeopleIWantToMeet my all time goal is to meet you! :D
Promo tonight New Malibu Red... sounds yummy if only I were allowed to sample ; )...
one more day for you to beat me in the #twitterwar ! it looks like you'll be donating to tomorrow! #followme to help!
Famous Dave's
S/O to and for touching each others butts!!!
Hello Heather, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
just checked out the Kate spade Florence Broadhurst mod fashion bus!!! So cute! And everything gorgeous!! Video soon!
When sending a business box of dated promo materials w/o heads up or contact info, ur stuff prob wont get out on time. info is key
2chainzzzz thumping rite now
Believe Big East banned them from Big East Tourney also, if they failed to meet NCAA approval
More post production work today: editing rough cut, working on a new website, and credits.
Cashmere Agency » Blog Archive » The League of Young…DJs?
'bout time you got here. Thanks for the follow.
Practicing my DSA skills with some friends in the park. Just wish I had actually trained for this.
MEANWHILE THE RED SOX GAME IS IN THE TOP 13TH. CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS EXPLOSIVE SPORTS NIGHT?!?!?!?!?!?!? SLAP ME IN THE FACE
:( I felt sad & excited when I decided to move to Boston and leave my children's library in Puerto Rico. I feel you, girl.
Ok wow just heard that #JerryHicks of #AbrahamHicks fame passed away. Very sad. Awesome man w a great message. He will be missed.
damn im sexy
Well hello there.
Lol I walked in my dads room and he is singing #SAYSOMETHIN ...Awkward
IS YOU SLEEP
“: :(”Conversation is give and take Stephanie.
Ah Fallout 3 ... I've devoted my gaming life to it - great substitute for saving the pre-apocalyptic world.
About to fire up some video games with my little brother Justin. Awesomeness.
A heart that loves is always young.
I hate it when ppl correct me on Facebook. If you have a problem with what I said, tell it to someone who cares. Thanks! :)
Poof! What do you want with your other two wishes?
A dream came true today. We were once homeless and now we are homeowners. Hard work does pay off!
that too!
woooah your from Winnipeg o: and yes I am (:
yayyyy for following!
"Every ten years a man should give himself a good kick in the pants." Edward Steichen
Yes! I very nearly picked up its sequel at Kramer's last night but want to reread Oryx & Crake first. So. Good. So. Creepy.
...........This is a weekly message from the Mondiablue Broadcast System..... "LIBERTARIANS ARE TOOLS OF THE 1% !!!"..............
Lmao i can't
hanging out @ King Library after f2f class w/ Z Liu. Good times. Off to hotel...
Chris Swires Rated top realtor in Alaska
Nobody Feelin' No Pain --- it would be a GREAT video!!!
I have an irrational dislike for PDF finding aids, born of specific circumstances. That said, a nice feature if easy to offer.
Viva La Belle #France! Congratulations to Hollande! Liberty, Equality, Brotherhood! Liberté, égalité, fraternité!
Got food allergies? Don't know what to eat, where to shop or what to order in a restaurant? www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
#someday i will..FINALLY LOOK AND SEE YOU FINNALLY NOTICED ME!
I'm definitely in my zone
happy 1 year anniversary to Maurice and i!
My fave song at the moment is Feeling you by 2 Chainz
maybe, but it's a big fair-weather bunch then these days, right?
A toast to that tradition! You're right, it was great! And we've visited you for mai tais every August 15th since.
No illegal touch if it is a fumble since 49er was first to touch it.
Phone rings...Forwards call. The next day: Why did u ignore my call!? Me: Blame BTC!
#RebelBingo Friday night, ish about to get werd at Santos, right - this would be up your alley
Lmfaooo stupid I love you too
Emily mom got it herself!!
I don't know why but when I say "hello" to friends it's in a British accent. At least that's what I've been told???
thanks guys!! Love drawing up crazy stuff for you.
your letterman set was amazing as always man
You've got a goldfish in your beer? Why did you leave your cup unprotected?
One of those nights where you just have to admit that is OK! Dinner is ordered, back to being lazy.
I'm glad I got to share it. Thanks for the feedback!
I take issue with the outlets that promote that lane more heavy handedly than another lane than with the artists who create
SYDNEY! Sudden shock of over-priced & delicious coffee, no wifi anywhere (thanks starbucks u were rad) & no high fructose corn syrup yippee
learn the lessons of Guns n Roses.
Now, I am become Salami, destroyer of fitness.
Walked downstairs to an elephant gift bag with a present inside of my favorite perfume from my parents!
Psychoeducation involves u and ur therapist working together 2 develop a better way 2 understand ur #Socialphobia & how to work with it.
Just got "The Room" in the mail, first read for our new book club. Can't wait to start!
I'm out y'all have a good one! I'm about 2 bask in this post game & throw down on this chicken wit my name on it! 1
Massive THANKS to for their donation of 12 #photovoltaic #solar panels to help green-power the Homeless Coach :-)
Happy 57th birthday to the bar code. The patent was issued on this day in 1952.
Miss your voice! How are you, JP?
how you doing
So sore and i don't even know why
Because another way to share our sick and twisted humor is always good.
what are you getting!?
Hi Evangelist Condrey how are you? Happy Anniversary and Happy New Year to you and the family, God bless!!!
haha well 1st you wouldbt let me say no to going oger there. Ha then you talked about cheer amd asha and trey haha
I am sure I could find you one! Look on their Facebook too! I have seen lots of ppl wanting to sell them on there!
I know you're reading Hess' book on STS. I don't know if I mentioned the Handbook of STS, which has broad coverage of the field.
The All-American Rejects are following me?! Sweet!
Jorge is shooting video along the beach. More and more people are coming outside.
Happy Fall!
Oh yes..... I love my Sangha...And my Sangha loves me....
The body of man is a machine which winds its own springs.
DENTIST! I love the dentist 😂
Just need to find a job, and I'm there all summer!
OMG , can idiot in the control room going to #Xfinity commercials in the middle of plays in last 20 seconds of Giants game be fired?
Check out our website and let me know if we can help you out with your design needs. www.stardesignsa.com
"How do you, Lord, look at me? What do you feel in your heart for me?" -John Eagan
Watching World's Dumbest it's so funny
My husband says I am the only Flamenco that dances in the closet, in the kitchen, and in the bathroom. Anyone else dance in those places?
Quick run through the old neighborhood in Macon. 100 degrees worth of bad idea. Used to walk around in this like it was nothing.
oh, my! glad he was ok. well best to just be aware at all times... no rest for the weary.
Back from lunch and shopping:)~~~~So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.~~~~Will Rogers
Vodka diarrhea
i'm bored
IS ma girll ...but she's a skinny b!! too xx : D (Both are beautimus too!) Just sayin...
or here's the address.. take the US-412 directions
you're not supposed to stretch every week -_-
I hope he does!
followed back :-)
Just got an email from Plenty Of Fish...I have new matches. Yay!! Haahahahah
It's like the Bill Walsh coaching tree.
Smart people those Radar LA folks. providing free bus service between venues at night. Fantastico!
RT : Archibald & Feldman - #highered is similar to many services: historically its prices rise faster than inflation
I can't breathe out my nose .. Or my mouth . -__-
Nothing new for Mac. Only he had a buncha paint cans, not you, on his side, & he was vs. two bumbling thieves, not the world.
Lenders Predict Private Equity Regulation in Phoenix Survey
Thanks so much for the RTs.
if you went on a crime spree & used a Rascal for an escape vehicle, I think you might get away w/ it. Jut saw 2 Rascalers no one wld suspect
Continued filming our first music video today for our song "That's the Spirit". Looking forward to finishing up and sharing with everyone!!
RT : Today's #PinHawk is away highlighting stuff you need to read! "Them's Fightin' Words; 1.2 Million Help Desk Tickets"
Professional athletes have coaches. Professional actors do too. Ready for some coaching?
no I WOULD I just don't have the time to spare
If they don't complain about my attachment to mobile devices, I won't complain about their inability to use a fax machine
no I haven't, and the amount of books already on my "to-read" list kinda stresses me out.
#NP Hell Wit Ya- P!nk
Happy Father's Day to all of the Awesome Dads out there! Make it a wonderful day & enjoy the time with your family :) #father's day
yo..dont give me an attitude
I don't give my number out like that sry. U are slot younger than we it would be wired.
I'm generally a quick study, and so far all I've learned is that I'm not a fan, but I do prefer Cory and Dan to Cory by himself
Very dissapointed with the lack of customer service from for business.Signed a paying customer.
Happy 11-11-11 to all! FYI, it is also Corduroy Appreciation Day.
Hi, please follow me so I can send you a message. thank you.
Our thoughts & prayers are with the family of Al Hall, a longtime member of NATAS who lost his battle with cancer. RIP Al
I don't like #SAYSOMETHIN ..... I LOVE IT! WOO. It's my new jam! (; #Yee :D
Nice job for officially being documented as breaking the record for world biggest wave ever surfed! You ROCK!
My drumming got surprisingly better, but I need to come up with new fills.
When they say stop.. Why do I want to keep on going ??
#Blazers need to let him shoot free throws all night long
don't see anything "goodies" ?? Lol
- Scary good, i assume? :) #Thunderup!
oxtails & soap operas with Lauren...my Friday night lol
Lmfao, for a second I thought it said "Going to the Strip Club tomarrow" LOLOL
i did have some wine. But i am sure i can still recognize MY mom
Feel free to tap my DC knowledge for whatever you need. Happy to help
haha thank you :) just fortunate she's here in ATL with me Til Dec. ps will u be in ch town in August?? I wanna go to Lollapalooza!
Officially open for business!!
Love the profile pic with
"Heavy thoughts bring on physical maladies; when the soul is oppressed so is the body." ~Martin Luther DON'T UNDERESTIMATE HAPPY THOUGHTS ;)
Is that snow Seattle?!
What are you waiting on?! We ready! Join us at Hudson Grille Now! It's go time!
Welcome to Matt Braun's LSC 839 class (taking a tour now in the reading room)!
you dont never hear him thankin dj drama
morning Jeff! Hope all is well.
tape yours and jays heads together and be conjoined twins for an hour
The greatest abundance of stem cells in the body is in adipose (fat) tissue
Mrs. White Diamonds by Elizabeth Taylor
Happy Birthday
i wish you were here. At iHop alone.
/ Q: Who is your favorite soccer player in the world??
O.M.G BECKY LOOK AT HER BUT
Twitter is really making me mad I am tired of it!
thanx my nig! U kno how it go wit us! They waitin for a part 2 from the #warmitup boyz! We need to make it happen
You should definitely check it out.
hey austin, Just made you this account, so fancy being our first ever follower?!
Sultry Saturday (((TABU))) & Skydome night club with ya homies DJ Tone & John tha bomb tonight.
thanks for leaving me all alone to do this impossible lab
How about a Premier League four-team playoff? Or top-two championship game? What huge $$ and excitement that could be for the #EPL!
Have you ever felt like vomiting after taking vitamins...thats me right now...but on the plus side..Day 2 of #detox #cleanse!
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit -- Chrystalwnf ()
Am a natural blonde but considering going with a darker golden blonde. My Mom was a hairdresser. Love to play with hair!
Or, sometimes when u do share, no one is really interested.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune. Benjamin Disraeli
NEW MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST open sun12-4
RT : “The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.” John Maxwell
Best of Luck!
Hard Times: An Oral History. #historypornparodies (Cheating?)
They say talk is cheap but I think not talking @ all should B free & everybody is in disguise & claiming 2 B king where all da palace @
A fairly phenomenal weekend. Thanks for all the support. New tunes on the horizon.
4 day weekend (:
Not texting you starting... now!
hahaha cant wait to be at a sweet 16 with this girl.. cause all u need is a chair....
Ladies: has this career crossroads ever derailed your career? Find out which one. Read my latest post: www.theWATTblog.com
WHERE DA CHICKEN AT!?
a half hour must have passed! MYSTERIOUS
Bout to update my iPhone 4 to 4s for free
When we were little, nothing mattered to us. All we wanted, was to have fun. What happened?
New right now
Thank you for your Pure Elegance #genesiswp theme! Perfect for my little sisters startup photography site.
vacation my ass! I helped my bestie move and get settled into his new house! lol
Cold weekend for the Fort Wayne boat show
Goodnight guys
Thanks for the RT!
You are 100% correct! How about we put laws about controlling & killing sperm via ejaculation?!
Damn, it's gonna be fuckin cold tomorrow
Ann Coulter says it's time the rightwing start targeting the Obama children. I say Ann Coulter is a "verbal" child molester.
I don't! I don't have any dollar product idea. Should I feel left out?
Long day! Now time for sleep ;) Good Night Twitter !
... or picking out a new tv.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen:)
Was that just twitter spam from ?
:D it's a great thing.
miss u too hun! Come visit soon!
My bed has never looked so inviting!
To me, all the ones in today's date stand for everyone who has ever fought and is still fighting for our freedom. Thank you
SLIDE LOCK SCREEN UP TO TAKE PHOTO IN iOS 5.1!
oh dude. Rice it big boi! Got my phalanges crossed for ya
Getting ready to write down my daily goals. Need to get a few things completed today.
Just spent 2 hours sitting in my driveway watching airplanes and reading
your not alone angel..:))
In a good interview you should only do 25% of the talking - Talking too much is a sign of poor work ethic, lack of confidence, & overselling
lol oh okay!
Are you going to Birmingham this week?
Hyped for the Game! #Grit and Grind is STILL the motto!
Web Design, Flyers, Biz Cards, Logos, SEO, iMarketing - now you know, now hit us up! www.CoreMediaConcepts.com RT RT
Has some of the best books ever. It's become an #addiction reading them. O.o
Media Madness! Read about it at www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
at least Charlie creeps from afar.
Mark Jackson of NRCERT & Annette Odren of Energy Conservatory to speak on benefits of #weatherization to House/Senate staff today
Had the truck so you know ah Nigga had tah dip Uptown
happy birthday bro. I ran whale tail for you today!
Cant find the channel in the usa that the Europa final is on? any help?
what is this? Opposite day? Lol
Take these haters to a brand new level.
Thanks for a wonderful pitching webinar earlier today!
Wish I could recall. Don't get On Demand here at the office. I believe there should be a sports section, though.
don't do it!!!! You'll derail. Push forward!!!
What does p__n mean and who do you mean?
I thought the registration line was long until I walked out and realized that I jumped the queue in a major way. Win or bad karma?
I got your tweet!
Where's your favorite #barbecue joint around the #Texas #HillCountry?
Anyone know where to watch the Emmys streaming live online?
: lol you will do fine! We look forward to meeting you.
Not really :) Work, and a recording session w
ew today is gross.
Good to see the clippers being successful
Hello - thanks for the #follow! Have a great weekend.
Bumble B is a goon
Like my new facebook page. do it.
Hi Elli! RT : Ran a wonderful w/s at Hewlett L.I.'s h.s., working w/ kids from the jazz vocal ensemble during...
Thanks for the mention! Everyone should definitely come see us NEXT Tuesday, April 17th, for SDMoM's Free Tuesday!
Can I Get A Follow Back Please.?(:
replace the nonfat w soy and u have heaven! Lol whats there to do in Chicago? Depending on the weather.... ill try to...
99% of net new jobs to MD since '92 from expansion of business or spin-offs - lesson: focus on businesses that are here for growth.
is vegetational succession theory a particularly inter-war model of development, whether economic, social, or ecological?
Cool learning games with "pluggable" action vehicles to teach the principles. Flash-based, then HTML5. Games motivate.
to the boy who sent me flowers - congratulations, a florist now knows that you were a dick to me.
Achievement Unlocked! Congrats!
Wait a minute, and are running too? I don't have them on my list!
i need essay topics about specific aspects of moby-dick and i am at a loss because i cannot think below broader-narrative-ideas
want to go to France in July and not pay a fortune for the flight. Any tips?
RT : HOUSTON! Tonight, join at HUDSON.
Exactly! And how could you fit a sheet pan in there? You make cookies one at a time?
either it will or the story will get deleted I won't publish it with out their approval. That is just how I am
Arthur Schopenhauer~ Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see.
like your picture
Attention users: we're incorrectly listed as playing Horrible Bosses. We are actually playing Transformers: Dark of the Moon
Happy Independence Day!!!
Watching 1960s Batman episodes. Liberace trying to woo Aunt Harriet. I am equally confused and appalled ...
RT : She speaks Truth. RT : You know you need to go shopping when you're eating sauerkraut as a late night junk...
I just wish the wind would calm down!
Um I like Crocs. sue me.
sweet cant wait to see it!
“Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence.”~Sloan Wilson
No need to apologize. It is what it is- and you're right, it's excellent work.
The inspired me to read "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn" today. It's one of those books I always thought I'd read, but hadn't.
I don't have a 5 year plan. Like the code I write, I'm agile, ever changing and evolving.
Aight, will do.
The Olivia Tremor Consomme
"I wish Reality wasn't cold but it is, Growin up in the city some thuggish and rugged kids" -the first line of one of my new verses
BOOM!x“: Listening to roman reloaded #nickiminaj”
Thanks sweety! Have a nice day!
yeah we're with Maybach music now.
I agree...maybe tomorrow??
Now that was a little much! You need to find the middle.
Syracuse survives against KSU.......one game @ a time.........
3 more papers =( a final and a presentation. but i got this! just a walk in the park
We have cool "Followers"!
Happy fathers day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I spent 3 hours trying to figure out what to get my dad couse my sis took my idea........booooooobooooooo
my thoughts exactly!
thanks for the follow blanche hudson!
Are you celebrating Cinco de Mayo this weekend? foodsmart is ready to make your fiesta Great!
See these Scent-sational candles and scrumptious fragrances.
Thanks for the recommendation. I can't wait to be part of some real Car Wash talk on Twitter!
Grrrr....im hungry NOW!
went to Budapest when the iron curtain still existed. Eye opening for sure Stayed at guesthouse through out Germany and Austria
See the creative bee for banners & buttons! RT While I'm at it, anyone need a new banner or button?
I hate jermey Lin he is a ball hog that's why melo and amere will leave
OMG! Large events and summits have so much design work to be done. The secret, though, is having branding and design done on point.
volbeat is coming to TX....fuckin right...time for a good show
how r u feeling now?
NO4 "TELL YA FRIENDS"ft. DMX,DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY AWARD WINNER DEEZLE.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE NOW.SINGLE ON ITUNES
If mizzou loses, everyone gets screwed.
Happy New Year! Here's to turning the page and making 2011 a great year...it is our choice after all.
oh no 😳😳 must stop but can't! Lmfao
Went on an interesting yet fun adventure with Tia :) good tines. So tired
Hey #oscars it's been over an hour!! Fix your Sound!!
Excited to see what has in store tonight for ! Tune in tonight at 8!
That was an amazing throw, right?
"practically".. I was drunk. Don't you mean "cum again?"
Love us? Tweet #luvuplatoscloset and tag us for a chance to win a $25.00 weekly gift card!
#nowfollowing welcome to the market homie
Most likely you're right about that!
high-five Stanford!
Says a lot about what he has to say that people want to hear. He is a man of his word and speaks from his heart not teleprompter
thank u!!
Even with all of our imperfections and failures, I am proud to be a Christian.
wait... even CC ones?
hell yea I'm mad smh..
Quit drinking soda a few days ago and was doing so well until I opened the garage fridge and had Mountain Dew taunting me...DAMNIT!!
Nothing like starting the day with a fresh cup of from home!!!! thx !!!!
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitably bring about right results. www.hairinthecity.me
On this day in 1822, the United States Congress formally organized the territorial government of our state.
Visit the JFR Facebook page - we've added photos of our rescuers.
he got a fucked up mentality thats gone fuck him up in the long run
Not that I know of. I was at a bar last night but it was quiet and I didn't even drink, I had a coffee.
goodmorning everyone, what's everyone up to ?
sleep number. He looks like a 67
You're a big girl and it's your world And ima let you do it how you wanna
omg jon just replied 2 monica O_O
Sunday funday at Murphy's booooozinnnn
geek'd off loud, listenin to new mixtape
will u send him my name please please please please please please please
I am going to need someone to step up and buy some pasta. I have spent too much time looking for a paper clip.
you should follow meh,
The gym keeps me up to date with sports. Everyone's face is glued to this Bball game
so when are we doing a Women of Cringe show?
When baking, follow directions. When cooking, go by your own taste.
Great session idea: giving kids a place to become activists, which got me thinking how we get them in public insight journo.
got any friends/family in the LA area? im performing with #YMCMB YOUNG MONEY this monday and i have 40 tickets
as you should, good work.
you completely pushed me out, so i had to move on too
I want a happily ever after with , I hope that seriously happens. <3
Anyone that says that #StayAtHomeMom is not work, has never done it!
I commit 2 tweeting 1 celebration daily. I celebrate longer days & more sunlight! Anyone else want to make a commitment?
Glad I'm not the only one! RT : my mirror argues with me, smug bastard
actually traffic is dumb .
Such a good song! Ever? Something off a weird al record
where's my fucking steak?
Originality is disguising your influences.
madison/danecounty has been recession proof, we have a strong economy, and scotty wants to break us, like he did milwaukee county. fu !
Whoop whoop! It's FRIDAY!!!
"Write about it. Post about it. Blog about it. Shout it out vía social media...Content is King."
Interracial dating double standards
Kids got off to a good start this Monday morning. I think that I sign of a good week ahead.
ditto, and I feel SO silly.
adam lamberts performance on mtv ema's with queen was AWESOME!!!
Feed the Birds from the Mary Poppins Soundtrack
Woah did I see a Pacer fan on my TL???? Idk they existed ...even in Indiana
…that's a thing?? I have Lynch's version in my dvd collection unwatched. I also have my david lynch t shirt on right now!
you got it.
WHO is the brunette sitting next to the guy with glasses?
Follow me I love fitness; Imam the princess of swim & gym!!
Welcome to Danielle and Marie! Thank you for your support!
Oh goodness...;D
awesome. Cya there! If u wanna know what madness you're in for, the band is called 'Die Pretty'. Check em out.
NICK.MARA'S.DAD.TWEETED.MY.VIDEO. I can't contain myself. asddfghjkl.
I spoke too soon about the 3rd book in the 50 shades trilogy. Its awful. Hate to be harsh but this is the first time I've wanted money back.
lmaoo what day is it?
I know I'm a little late on this, but I LOVE #hungergames. I can see this turning into a similar Twilight obsession I had/have.
Agree! I can't wait for the shorts.
OH>>>>> Thank you GOD!!!! Love to you this off season. Relax & enjoy!
good! Headed south to visit a film fest!
No matter what time I go to bed, I'm always dead at school.
Gitelman focuses on the sending of names on the telegraph, which many people paid to do to see the telegraph technology in action.
scary audition for House. Had to speak fluent german!!! :/
AUDITIONS FOR SUMMER SHOW THIS WEEKEND. PINKBANANATHEATRE.COM FOR DETAILS!
Ipad commercial "You can tweet when you're nowhere near your followers?" Isn't that the point of twitter?
Followers of mine that are runners: ran yesterday and today outside of ankle hurts, near the bone/muscle up my leg. How can I stretch it?
mitt romney would be SECRET-Keeping Pres. He would NEVER be transparent like Pres. Obama, makes me think mendacious mitt is also nefarious!
Eat it, don't tweet it
- Congrats Cynthia!
should die your eyebrows pink! Ok maybe not.... Or maybe!
surprisingly good!
yo, where u been?
You borrowed someone else's lipstick to wear? Sneaky.
Nice blogging discussion today with Wondering if blogs ever decrease workload of teachers or is it always an increase?
Warming up my voice before the show tonight. Then on to hair and makeup!
The same people that tell me I need to go to rehab are the same people that cause me to drink. Woof.
#SmallEngineRepair wins Best Production in an Intimate Theatre!
Mom said she could see me being an attorney!
Tune in and catch waking up with this morning with and
Currently experiencing the glorious joy that comes with taking a risk on an unknown headphone brand and discovering they have perfect sound.
Albert Einstein: Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
That's sad to me. He is one of the few that could have revived AC and RnB.
Other recommendations welcome and encouraged.
memphis dogs fast as hell
Lmao i hella just got it
what's the deal with Should then, putting out an old assembly on NuGet?
When you turn 21, you can legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 16..
dont need luck. I do this shit.
“ I followed like 100 people today RT & FAV if I missed u”
Your beautiful. (:
Thank you Goddess! I really do like to learn about etymology. You saved me a google!
hahaha I thought that was what he was doing
Happy birthday Pattie!!! <3 I love you!
I did haha he started to laugh
Foreign made cars > American made
take however long you need cuz im tryna get it in
I'm still in ATL.
better mix u some cereals and lay it on down lol
beat some ass!!!
F ex "I am a veteran" usually preceded statement about platform on veterans' issues so we thought it counted.
roller coaster season #50 + wins next year
Observing Occupy DC protest outside DC Moultrie courthouse. Cornell West spoke. On my lunch break from jury duty.
#TheBestThing Would Be . . . When GOD Comes Back and chooses who goes to Heaven, and I hear Me, My Family and My Friend's Name
I feel for anyone who has to wait that long when they have a reservation.
Teresa def looked like the grinch in those hairballs! Is she planning on stealing christmas? True italian way!
I still absolutely LOVE listening to my former work 103.7 KISS-FM when I'm in Milwaukee. Curious as to how I would have fared in PPM here.
Love this quote: "I'm not trying to copy nature. I'm trying to find the principles she's using." - R. Buckminster Fuller
DT this weekend
Stephen A. Smith: I could see the Pacers stealing two games and winning the (Heat) series. It will be highly competitive.
Double win SquE-Z Sunday!!!! Congrats to both winners and you'll be SquE-Zn in no time!!!
Isn't he your grandma though?
Good luck!! Kill it!! You guys have to win!!
I was thinking the same thing!!!! #leggo!!!!! Have you thought about participating in Steve Harvey's mentoring program?
I HATE FORGETTING WERE I PARKED....
Feel like death. Super.
It feels like a war.
Tom Antion was great tonight on Celebrity Creators
WYS!!! Gotta make sum happen... this ain't right lol!!
I'm paying consequences to things I didn't do.
So tired two long days in a row.....
Good morning :-) and goodnight im tired :( :-)
game on my friend. I may see you in SF this weekend. RT : Blessed morning
but I never said good-bye :p
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies bring my own snacks
It's National Blood Donor Month! Only 7% of the eligible population donates. It's easy. Call 1-800-GIVE-LIFE or visit www.givelife.org.
I missed out! :(
Followed you back! (:
chillin in pasadena with ttc come to the show at the white rabbit tomorrow #FUCK YEA
oh my i love lil mama's hair.
Check out the photo shoot of the Anderson Family Holiday photos by going to my FB page below!
I posted Monkeys for your amusement...and to make Moo a lil jealous. heehee
Prescription drug abuse a growing problem - KGO-TV
Happy New Year! Resolve to love, learn, laugh and do good as much as possible!
I'm actually doing good so far!
You know what's awesome? Errors establishing networking connections. I love those.
If the heart is said to be the strongest muscle in the human body, then tell why does it break so easily?
we are counting down the days until we can visit you at the market. and can't wait!
Anytime, BTW if your with friends who like Whiskey or cocktails. You must have a drink at Rickhouse, or bourbon and Branch.
This plane smells like a McDonalds. I was hoping that would be the case!
Guess what.
Posthumous anything is fundamentally depressing.
Morning Rockstars! > Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt. - William Shakespeare
I'm done trying to be nice.
Your Soul wants to sing! Pls see previous Rumi quote
off to muay thai
Thanks for the list!
Likewise! RT : Look forward to your tweets
Houston Astros fans just don't understand... : Its a torn ACL not a death sentence holy shit
great day in Las Vegas, tons to do
Thanks & for the mention!
fighting some one on facebook
Excited to be working with you :)
#futrchat It's the prospect of defining yourself as the sum of all these digital parts that could prove to be an ID crisis down the road.
Saw some peeps in the store today.. It begs the question: what's your favorite or unknown #easteregg ?
which class did you use bayou for?
I have no clue. That's what my mom just said
Solid win last night over the ... Do you think will be back for the playoffs?
Just hit bank roll with this pay piggy!!!! LOL!!! This calls for a shopping or spa day tommorow... maybe both!! $$$$
Oh I'm so glad you enjoyed it! Awesome!
Thanks! I'm enjoying reading about this new chapter in your life and as always, your acerbic observations.
You want to know what's not fun?Catching a cold.and that's what I just caught-Kieran
#Luckiest! ": You got kissed by Belle. #Lucky"
Seth Aaron is my pick to win it and not just because of the tattoos.
RT : I love my city Chicago. But we need to stop the violence ,fighting,& killing. Before we kill our entire race. Can we...
Plans Friday? Plan to have a cold one w/ volunteers fresh off the worksite w/ Red Hats & AmeriCorps. 6-10pm
Chorus Concert later
Ok cali sounds great.i will most definitely take u up on dat.the bay or SOCAL?????
when i see my boyfriend and his family at the mall with like no makeup on, looking ratchet... lol why me.
Last minute voice coaching with Ms Leigh for big auditions tomorrow..
wearing my cabinet maker hat today.
Wide awake just staring at the ceiling -.-
you need a daylight ring! Get back inside!
super fun! Crashed HARD when I got home. Dreamed the brewers game went to 25 innings and crew won.
I will miss u girl! Xoxo
I'm Making A Move Best For Me & Maybe You...
Tomorrow: One of the best raffle giveaways in town: 40inch Flat TV, NASCAR passes ,TaylorMade golf clubs, Bud Light golf bags,and much more
We'll hold your hand....
sounds like we're moving to a modular app environment
17 hours and counting at the office. We're practicing our presentation and eating Dominos pizza. #exciting!
ED BETTER COME TO SEATTLE!! HES SUCH A SWEETIE. OMG. LET ME LOVE YOU
First few days of 2012 have been busy, but now it's time to step up my twitter game!
I'm proud of our president's speech today! Social Darwinism, indeed. Stand and take notice, RWNJs. PBO is back on the campaign trail!
Every square inch of pavement within 5 miles is for sale as Red Sox parking.
I really appreciate your #NoTalkingPoints re: Marriage Equality / Words that come back 2 haunt u? Does CNN post that online?
Day 2 at Emerald Downs Gift Show -- lots of fun!
nothing much just being bored!
Government...are you REALLY going to take money away from our seniors? Their"golden yrs"now means they're being pissed on.
Hot guy in zumiez. Lol op hi
Anyone interested in a data scraping project? The Freshman Seminar Motherblog has aggregated >5000 posts.
lets go
"40 Year Old Virgin" & "Knocked Up": Certified King Most Hood Classiques.
RT Jst ate some weed. Lol, is that dumb ? ««as hell...unless you got pulled over
just watched #gethimtothegreek - surprisingly good
#mysuperpowerwouldbe being able to enlarge my wang, right now its at goon...but whats a goon to a GOBLIN!
We hope everyone enjoys Opening Day safely today! Go #Brewers!
not giving up at all. This party is just getting started. :)
is called dude party bro bro baseball tv driving home thank yes got music
I love the memories I'm building in my new improved and happy life.
Loving the purple mountains this morning!
- I love Green Eggs and Ham, by Dr. Seuss and I have made green eggs several times. They are great!!!
FB message me! :)
we had an hour long workshop on linked in and blogging- soon we will be looking at building FB fan pages with WordPress.
is bringing 9000 needles to Denver! Stay tuned as we finalize details (i.e. sponsors, etc). Let us know if you want to help!
; more like i search, && you pay ms.moneybags. :)
I Know that onions arent the only vegetable that can make you cry okay I think Getting whacked in the face with a potato seems to do it.
better late than never and all that! You're very welcome. You guys were great. Hope to catch you again soon! :-)
I'm always b dere 4 u I really luv u I hope 1 day u read did n never forget about it
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-55
kk im trying to get get Tia to come down but I guess we are leaving friday night cuz shola leaves saturday?
love y'all too!! Look at us.... Lol
Irish journalist. Check out the links. Isn't he WONDERFUL!!!?
just saw the promo for the Bachelorette. The single mother is going to star. Uhh. Do I care? Well, no, I do not.
comb your mustache first
then u smile!!!
#Govtech leadership needs to build in app & data sustainability into strategy.Otherwise,recipe for failure & disillusionment
I may or may not be live tweeting from " Titantic 3D. " Just sayin'.
Do you think my landlord will be amused if I write APRIL FOOLS on my rent check instead of a dollar amount?
Perkins: The current gaming industry is in a tough spot & ipoker gives them another product to offer. Industry wants this.
Your welcome! :D
Watching cinderla two :)
thats a pretty intense schedule. Lets catch up if you have a few minutes
On my way to Italy for a performance. Definitely stop by and pick up an application from Team Leader Michelle :) I'm back Tue
Stay Tru To Your ♥
Gary Oldman the great.
Hope to see you at our Christmas party tonight! You can meet all of the girls and get them excited for the fashion show!
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "oh no she didn't"... "Nu uh!" ..."who's the daddy!"..."Smh my ppl my ppl.."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TUPAC.YOU ARE AND WILL ALWAYS BE MISSED.TIME TO POUR OUT A LIL LIQUOR.YA DIGG......
Hah! You gotta love those people!
You have to come to this event next year, its awesome. The guys are very friendly.
The amount of work I have to do until May 15 is endless.
It's been WAY too long... but I think of you a lot! I'll come in next week - I promise!
very nice!
Comforting him . Everything going to be okay even if i have to stay here all night I will
For school
9am and I have already had a conversation each about media strategy and bagel strategy. This bodes well.
haha! I can see the shirt thing!! Cuz of her dress when she first becomes a human?? Lol
TV has exploited prisoners. Prison is not black and white. Filmmaker hopes to shed light on grey area.
strike 3. He left but it was raw dog.
Everybody please follow my personal account 3
let's get it!
We have yet another fan. One love to the Barista at Starbucks singing #AMP lyrics as I pass by.
How are you and your family going to stay active this year?
#WhenBoys keep on reminding you how beautiful and worthy you are.
I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had.
today is a busy day of reentry for me. I think I'm going to end up doing one #libday8 post on Friday to capture the reentry process.
The Dartmouth Aires: Best Performance OF THE NIGHT. DAYUM. That was on fiyah!
Today, I'm going from 5:30 AM to 1 AM STRAIGHT......I haven't even had time to eat yet.... :(
Honkytonk boys great show thanks. JC
was at Chicago/Boston… bring it, Newark! RT I know you get to a lot of Stanley Cup parades. Hope we have one for u to attend.
love inst.me ! Great site/idea. Would love an auto unfollow function
That approach will turn off some readers, for sure, making it more difficult to 'hear' the rest of the apt rant.
They had subtitles when most of the locals spoke.. Thank Goodness #WhatDidTheySay?
k! Thanks! How's that lil love bug?
why :o
Reminder......If you're ridin' ahead of the herd, take a look back every now and then to make sure it's still there with ya.
you're not gonna have to be at that haunted house for long, m'dear. and it *is* haunted.
its raining:) TRAMPOLINE TIME!!!
Wow its a BEAUTIFUL day!!! <3 but in a couple of hours, its going to be the HOTTEST place on earth. And its not even summer yet! UGH!
we have it tomorrow morning too? Joy
How exciting! Let me know what you hear back. My fingers are crossed for you!
Won our last kickball game--play offs next week! Sad to see the season ending, though.
actually I decided to pick one up today! I got it in the color fresh pink, i didn't try it yet but I'll let you knw! :]
Omni Amelia Island hotel pool will be closed until 1st March 2012 (end of the hotel renovation).
Give her a reason to love again
4 more hours until I'm 16 :D
no football games and drinks?
So pumped to get back to where it all began.. Nov 30th, Me Vs Myself returns home to Seattle for a Rock filled Evening at The HardRock Cafe!
Adele!! Love her!!
70 mph winds knocked my power out almost six hours ago. And it's still out!!
you seemed exciting and excited lmao
You are so fake. Real tree drinks say not for city boys I think its not meant for guys like you too.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Research - Spirit sales improve in March; Brown Forman remains the best performer with sales up 9.4%.
Well, he IS a GENIUS
The bitter girl "training" me QUIT. I've had to go into sink or swim mode :o but I am one determined beotch. I will figure it out myself!
I must go to Peru. I've seen the holy ceviche.
interacial bisexual 3-ways are always available in two places...Vegas & Harlem...I recommend both, in 1 day.
Was it the sudafed you have to show your drivers license for, because it's used for meth production? There's your answer!
Just got a bribery beej
I'm young simba man I can't wait to be the king
I've been feeling that way for a couple episodes now. The minor changes are quickly snowballing into major ones.
officially a sophomore in college!! love this shit!!
yeah. It's sucking. I was hoping to get to sleep by 4
Happiness is not 1 but 2 cones from DQ one was small twist dipped in butter scotch the other was kids chocolate dipped in cherry, so good!!!
See ya tomorrow or friday buddy. wants to do dinner. Chances are she needs more romance advice.
GOODMORNING BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE , HAVE A WONDERFUL AND BLESS DAY.
CNN projects Santorum winner in Missouri.
...thanks for the follow....keep killing it!!
the truth can be HARD to swallow depending on the size of the pill
whoohoo! we can hardly wait!!!
Please check your email - I sent you a time-sensitive message. Thank you.
aladdins in memorial or uptown hookah on richmond. check the site for directions
cant get bugger all done because of the music
yo J we all very excited and anxiously await your arrival. peace
Good catch Cruz!
God, when are smartphones gonna come up with useful apps like "how long until the sedative wears off" and "how to muffle their screams"?
I have to go here . SMH ... I remember when Twitter Used 2have Shifts .. Morn ... Mid and Twitter After Dark AKA Free 2 Open & Loosen Up
Not sure I wanna see the Hunger Games. Books were fine enough!
Pure sadness.
Dublin Alumni - we need your photos. We want to capture some moments from your Dublin experience. Please send photos to
so, we couldn't agree with you more! #internsrock :) hope you are having a good end of semester!
I have plans like every weekend until after summer break starts lol
If I know what love is; It is because of you.<3
is Mr. Bacon in there?
hahah! YOU SAID IT...
m men's deodorant. at least i'll smell like i have a boyfriend today.
I wanna play another show. Can I get a re-do?
Haha, very true. #HelloMonday RT Is there anything more scarry than a blank piece of paper?
My interview with Ashley Judd before she spoke at the YWCA'S "In the Company of Women" luncheon is coming up on News8 She's remarkable.
more of cheap beer bad food town.
Spending Fri evening reading #EDU12 proposal reviews to help assemble conference program. So many good proposals! (Yes, I need a life. :))
"One" as a pronoun often sounds artificial. One must be very careful what one does, as one only wants to sound like one wants to.
was that "tiro loco McGraw" In the #SuperBowl metlife ad? Yep ... "quick draw McGraw" for the none Spanish speakers hehehe
Ain't that the truth! :)
but WHY can't this be love?
half of our final four is still alive. Not great but not terrible. If Kansas makes it to the final game you're probably good
Art is never finished, only abandoned... - Leonardo da Vinci
Special guest on SAXAppeal tonight. President Barack Obama! Tune in at 10pm to hear the exclusive interview!
I didn't realize how much lint I had on my pants. Hey everybody at the gym, check out my linty pants!
Car shoveled out. First on my block! Doesn't matter, still have two feet of snow in the street.
let's give away some tickets for my show! Call Off The Hook now! 239-389-6900 mention Trixx' tweet!
So true. My boys & I are big fans of everything Ghibli, Cowboy BeBop, & Samurai Jack. Never felt it 4 Disney.
Registration for the fall in 7 hours. I'm either going to be extremely happy or extremely pissed off.
I'd love to hear/read this! Any chance it'll be recorded, or you'd be willing to share notes?
word we better get up
And I strongly suggest you guys come down on Friday night
FOR FREE!
If you unfollow me on Cinco De Mayo you're racist.
bye bye internet, back to my insomniac reading.
The anticipation!
": Feat - Motherland (The Lamberti Boyz Remix) #blessings" I'm very excited about this!
Who has transitioned apps like Office, CRM and email to “The Cloud” and what was your experience?
Is it weird that I unknowingly started brushing my teeth? #WhatTheFuckIsWrongWithMe ?
im watching the season premiere of la ink you are so pretty :)
Giving away a board for 10$, Saturday morning, come by either of our shops.
NICE Introduces Analytics-driven Real-time Customer Interaction Management Offering
It's time to finish what #wiunion started over a year ago. With and , we will reclaim Wisconsin.
Good Aftermorining my tweet peeps!!!!!
it can get infected anywhere. Don't want to argue. The piercing wouldn't look good on you. Your so pretty & you don't realize that.
I'll have a hot egg and a half crescent of crisps please
wtf you looking at ugly ass mf tf you got a staring problem cause i could fix it for you(:
Sorry mate, I had my spirit broken 3 years ago by CAA.
so many chads down here. I can't take it.
": that wing stop hit the spot" Awwh You Wrong!!
that body builder on #fearfactor is ugly as hell
When I'm sad, you always manage to find a way to cheer me up <3
that's what it's looking like.
interview topics
thanks for keeping me on the straight and narrow ;)
I didn't get a bagel.
I heart
Leiningen makes me want to set my hair on fire! Even if it is actually ant that's screwing up
Like...I Don't Like Twitter
im live again nikka les go!!
An optimist laughs to forget..A pessimist forgets to laugh.
i love a girl/boy with braces ;)
So I see my dog left me a present in my restroom... Grrrrr!!!! Picking up poo is fuckery
Hey how are you? 😊
do not despise the day of small beginnings...
Hm noodles & company. Then guitar center in Towson. Pad Thai
Thanks for getting the word out about Dance Week!
You still think Paul Martin is good?
Ish like this is why Fox viewers are so very uninformed.
Thanks so much for the RTs and
yes are you lady !
YES JACOB YES.
I really want to just leave
We offer a full range of Home and Auto coverage for all our clients' individual needs.
Come over and we'll chill in the hot tub.
S/O to my new followerss
Our family said goodbye to a member of our family today. We let balloons go in his memory, thank you for the wonderful idea.
hahaha..funny lady.....no worries....low clouds/fog here in town heading your way!...that color will be gone by morning!
oh no! I assume since you tweeted......you are mostly ok. ;)
I hate when I be loosing my phone
Scissors in my backpack..might need to take that out before going through airport security.
Excited to participate in my first #AAES Board meeting tomorrow and discuss #engineering for change
aw thanks! not yet! should be done by the end of the month.. i will def let you know when its finished: )
My stepdad just bought this android tablet. Hm
She didn't know what she was missing. Her loss! :-)
The dumb bitch made me miss my 200th tweet so here it is here my 200th tweet for being ugly ass n shitty
hysterical. deep thoughts...:)
yeah really sorry about that
House party with free drinks. A club without the hot girls
Play hard guys!
Hello... Are you ready for us world?
Intense way to start morning, bug dealing with concurrency and core dad, ugh
HELP! SOMEONE PLEASE CALL 9-1-1! MY BED HAS KIDNAPPED ME AND WILL LET ME GO!
Played tiny wings for like 20 minutes straight haha
how is it spam if there's no link? Hmm I just thought she made dissing you cool or something, so others wanted to try lol
Good afternoon Loviez I slept ok... had better sleeps lol
i hope the baby doesn't turn out to be "a little situation" than guys too weird to have a kid
Physically stealing the computer :-)
yes where is hotintech and when is it over? I'll come by.
How about you stop what you're doing, pick up the phone, and get Baked! Chef's Choice dozen for only $9.06! We're open til 12! Please RT :)
on so it begins... im looking up for the big ideas while simultaneously skipping over the little rocks
Crazy coincidence. Am just now listening to a live Rent Party ('09) "Dont' Take Me Alive". I think DF was in rare form that tour.
just drew me the frattiest paddle pic in draw something
for dominion belongs to the LORD and he rules over the nations. Psalm 22:28
You'll get to (:
We would like to thank all of you who have supported us for #2011. We really appreciate it and we will see you in #2012! Have a great night!
": Whatcha doin?" Directing a local news morning show in Madison. Z...
thanks for sharing!
She offered the dude $1k for it, was gonna take it until checked with his boss. Female ring value just over $10k
THE WORLD IS OURS!!!
I restored it on my own and it still was glitchy. Screen shutting off, getting all pixelated. I love to hate the genius bar.
REMEMBER!!! Tom Catron lecture tonight! 7 pm, Santuario de Guadalupe downtown... FREE!!!
See you in Miami! The weather is nice & warm here :)
It might not be an allergy but people can naturally get sick over something like it still. Does everyone have to over-judge?
check DMs please?(:
Just heard Tom Waits singing, "Maybe things will be better in Chicago." Maybe, but only from about June-October. Otherwise no such luck.
omg I wore it in palm Springs last week!
yes, that's her. I wonder why the link doesn't work? It works from here...
she's amazing, everything i ever dreamt of, she's in the audience now *winks* I: well lets get her out here then! (c)
you shall think about it untill the end of time lol....what you doing for new year?
SMH RT : RT : The amount of money I spend online shopping is just down right crazy
Ill be out and about tonight around Scottsdale and Tempe... Leaving back to Vegas Tuesday so hit me up if u wanna hang out!
Outstanding! Is this community service?
pepperoni roll appetizers
See you and Tik later....
just got alot of kettlecorn, haha thought of u
yo, but we really did it tho
Finishing a long week in DC celebrating the Alpha MLK Dedication.
I B Wantin To Cuddle..But Sad...If We Aint Together Why Im I Still In Yo Bed
it's they council me, they understand, they talk to me xP
I like to live in safe environments too. I don't like dodging bullets and I work my ass off so I don't have to.
Too bad, right man for the job. RT : CMS admin Don Berwick has stepped down, resigns officially 12/2. bit.ly/teqyFw
whatever, you know me and her are the best !
Hey everybody...Delmon Young is back!!
The countdown begins as we get closer to our #FightforAirClimb May 19. Join now and climb the stairs in #austin Frost Tower to benefit ALA.
Very nice #TRMA585 presentation, Will - you brought clarity to ea. topic - seem like a natural designer -I'll be following U :)
follow the tHANXX
Yeah, it's going to get cool again this week with showers, but the weekend should be worth the wait!
And thank you for the follow back! Appreciate it!
Interesting how JLin is automatically claimed as Chinese... as if over 100 yrs of separate Taiwanese history doesn't mean anything.
why no third level for sunday's game? It would just add to the loudness of the crowd
Omg I hope you get seen!!! Also I hope I get to see you? : In lighter news its almost 6am...”
omg college life is like so totally hard. You poor thing. How'd you manage? All I remember from college was how tough life was
is having coffee with Larry Scott and Finn Afzelius.
Ha! Take that, girl scout cookies! I just finished a 5.12 mi run with a pace of 10'44"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Developer presenter from Egle Construction feels a bubble forming in multi family housing construction
In more positive #Denver sports news...Todd Helton aka "The Toddfather" is still raking. Nothing quite like a pinch hit grandslam
what happened with delta???
When people copy a tweet and say it's theirs ... Smh
only if u be nice shanika
A bit. But hopefully not far off.
Come visit #ADPonCampus today - looking for fill #sales and #business type opportunities in
my question is did know about u and fab!!!
dont make me kill yu for wishing that on me jtfo
/// Check your emails fam.
AH I'm so excited
Smokin on that loud wit
hhaha right?!?! Its hard to judge a pretty girl by one picture ;)
Wow. Twitter can't spell Michele Bachmann.
FACT. we would have more fun.
Wanna be.
When I blame server issues for not having a fresh blog out tomorrow, the 3 people that read my tweets will know the real reason. 1 too many.
RT : Make fun of Danica all you want but she never blew up the damn Daytona 500
Receive 10% off your Hair extensions just for being one of our awesome followers! Call 786-234-6211 today for details!!!
Wow I can't even tell my dreams apart from real life..
big ups to the jays. Awesome times!!
What a shock. Denver knocks out the Steelers on first play of overtime. Not the same with the Steelers on the outs. But on any given Sunday.
Blake Shelton would be performing live on 12th Jan at Huntington Center, Toledo, OH. We got some tickets for this show so call: 888-493-0004
told #NHLLive that his strength gains have as much as anything to do with his monster season -51G in 50 games!
RT : RT : EMBRACE THE CLARITY! - Over the last several years, change has become a constant in the lives of many of...
RT : Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity – not a threat. -Unknown
Joe Flacco is the reason why the revens wont' win the superbowl and Mark Sanchez is the reason the Jets won't win the superbowl.
Veau. It's what's for dinner. Tonight's Plat du Jour: Blanquette de Veau - classic French veal stew w/ pearl onions & foraged mushrooms, $26
One day you'll watch TV and say "Hey! I know that guy!"
Just hot through choppin it up with the homie O'Quine. God is good
[1 - 0] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 1st inning. Pittsburgh Pirates 1, Houston Astros 0
Nope. Never been during the first weekend in Vegas. Can only imagine the craziness.
Ugandan zombie children story is disturbing.People r all into zombies but when the $€¡t hits the fan people will be terrified!
Same... RT : My dad was watching golf & I can't find the remote. This shit is boring !!!!!
you're very welcome :)
Two words: BUBBLE GUTS!
lol, be jelly(; jk jk, he used to be very mean to me!
sup wit u bro i wanna do u have any free time cause i wanna work with u on some projects i have
No problem!
#teamNatural is under investigation who ever is affiliated will be stop and taken to down town for questioning .
i started reading Hegemony or Survival by Chomsky, such a good read!
does Americanized have 2B involve with the belief of GOD. America was founded on the value of its fore father n god?
Lol RT My best friend says I'm a blast in a bra. haha, don't ask.
looking fwd to reading your tweets!
Everybody git down to the Wildhorse Saloon tonight in Nashville at 9 to pull for me to win The Battle For The Saddle!
you know what? You have me. I won't block you. Ever.
Fuck school man :/ tried af havent been doing shit since shes always on my mind... I need talk to her!
you decide, they are both adorable. #shehechat #heshechat I can never remember which
A bright spot for #Twins - their pitchers led the AL w/ six 1-0 games. #Dodgers led NL, also w/ 6 such games - same as 2010.
You guys ready for and to rock whole town tonight? Get your last minute tickets while they last!!! RT RT RT RT RT RT
Everybody checking out at the same time...
"Watch who's lap you lay your head in." - #Amen Pastor D.
i want to go on a follow spree
Im done talking. U FEMALE DOG!!!
guys if you have a chick don't try to kick it with my that's mad disrespectful
A bird landed on the floor during another long tv timeout.
I do not get where I want to go in one leap. I get there one step at a time.
Yes they have been teasing us about it for far too long!
at least you're not vomit-y?
very true ;-) That's what the plan is on my end. How about you?
Today's Special, House made fettuccine in a bolognese sauce! Delicious.
I love watching Laguna Beach :p
A DROID RAZR would be about the 11th Motorola product I've owned the last 11 years (almost, not quite)
Set-up the treadmill
Lol I'm a work... What's up
Just spoke w Anna Badkhen, author of "#Afghanistan by Donkey: A Year in a War Zone" says US shld ask Afg "What do you want us to do"?
RT : Carmelo Anthony would like to see Mike Woodson return as head coach of the Knicks for the 12-13 season.
If you dont want me then dont talk to me, go ahead and free youself
Our drummer Gary is about to destroy on drums as we begin tracking our new DSD release today!
Ever imagined a growler full of the Double Choco Stout? Oh what it is to know the power and syrupy pow of this truly dessert brew
thanks Diana
No problem! Thanks for providing quality content!
The Prince was 'charming, now our Founder is off to judge the MBA Talent Show in Kensington.Good luck to all youth who will perform tonight!
your puppy chow looks awesome though (thanks instagram)
": didn't know you had back issues. Ill come play a round with ya when your cleared" anytime after noon I'm free
Maybe having some student consultants might better help social media endeavors succeed. I don't see that happen so much though
Someone smashed in my windows this morning with a large blunt object.
today is a #Django template on #AppEngine day. matching impedance between front-end and back-end.
Well, really looking for what we, as eds, can do, and lord knows we all talk about it a TON, so that's obvs not the answer.
Civilization as it is known today could not have evolved, nor can it survive, without an adequate #food supply. -N. Borlaug (via )
Sleep over with tonight, yay!!!
Go follow my main account! I will follow everyone back! But can't tweet, on tweet limit -.- <33.
This time next year, Communic8 will be a household name. You heard it here first. Interested? Stay tuned.
Reading "Screw Business as Usual" #virginunite and Richard Branson have it right!
I got you
Esp given my own anxiety abt rusty coding skillz is part of what led me not to apply for some of these jobs.
Girlfriend's Best friend.
Abandoned the dumpling festival for the almost-as-crowded Dumpling House on Eldridge.
what's the point in suspending a starting pitcher for only 5 days?
Hey!! Please ask Brad to sing HuckFinnBlues tonight! Thank you!
Why did Steve Carrell have to leave The Office
I hope you really meant PittsburgH!
Oh you are sorry...
I don't really mean it.
lmbo!! yeah you're such a mush!! lol
Follow me and i'll follow back.(:
Greatest. Local. Blog. Ever. MT : Where Would Jesus Park in #BloomingdaleDC? wwjpinbloomingdale.blogspot.com
my fiance come from two very prominent families in Arlington and not a single one of them or their friends would vote for you.
Visited you Denton Location on Thurs. I am not exaggerating when I say, that the Dirty Love Burger is the best I've ever had!
Yeah, I was experimenting with ifttt and apparently one of the recipes I set up went a bit crazy...
i heard a rumor that is afraid of the rain, so they will never come to seattle.
Messi with the trick
RT : 12545 Old Meridian St. Suite 130. It's up near the Meijer and, according to Yatz, next to The Stacked Pickle.
they'll work for that too , send us a pic we will post it on the site!
was it good?
MLL Champs!! Congratulations to the from a former dance teamer!!
Working through someone elses emotions is like moving a mountain, #impossible unless your Dan Meek
be proactive and have a game-plan. The recruiting process is very competitive.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
See you all tonight at Kork for St. Patrick's festivities!
lol you wasn't there when she hit me! I wasn't gone let her weak ass walk away like shit was sweet! So yea, I dropped her!
oh ok :P
Do you need the usage? Maybe we can set up a call to see if there's a way to make this work?
Going to choir rehearsal
Did Ke$ha really say she liked your beard?
great use of symbaloo and nice picture books! Thx let me know if we can help for other conferences!
Steak, corn, & potatoes for dinner ! #Yumm 👍😊
you guys around today?
TRUE THAT. Seriously.
Dont even feel like studying anymore... Fuck it ill study in the morning
WooHoo! MizMuze just got her tix to see Beach House at the Fillmore on 2/18!!!
Tx for link. But do you have any specific evidence of decline of interest in blogging among students? Don't see it in that post.
You know it Que and so does she!
That would be awesome! I totally feel like I could be a Where the Wild Things are character :)
thanks for spreading the Shindig love!
factually correct
I am willing!
Feels like one of those days that you want to ask the teacher if you can have class outside.
I texted you back?
heey I hvent talked to u in a while
Hard baking the eggs instead of boiling is the move.
Success with weight loss has to start with the right attitude. With a good positive attitude anything is possible!
Animal print pants, out of control! “: Starting the #WriteOurFuture year at 2012 BOD mtg while iPod sings,"Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle!"
Haha I know - I wish I could talk sports and name drop owners as friends.
soo. its my birthday today.. and nobody si home. wtf.
Ticketweb is back up. That was fast!!
7 hours!!! I'm not ready.
Andrew. I will split the deal with u. I need a Java non h1 b person Seattle start up. Free.
We appreciate that you took time out of such a hectic day to attend our event! It was great to see you and your family there.
OMG! Why does this idiot keep comin in my office talkin to me? I've already told him I will NOT agree w/anything he has to say!
Q5. Share or describe your most embarrassing picture
In scientific writing, and otherwise, avoid commas, that are, really, unnecessary.
Lunch is over and James McPherson is up. His nominee for #POTY1862 is David G. Farragut. What do you think?
I've always hated birthdays.
Business is good and we appreciate the support!
Ya I'm fine just a little angry
Grandma always said "Feed a fever, starve a cold". Does your family have tricks for staying healthy this time of year?
So glad to hear.
Now that Gingrich is out, I wish I could forget his name as easily as I did that other guy.
I have grad-school tonight, which must mean the are in a crucial game and actually televised. Looking forward to December...
Here's my feeling on the importance of tonight's Lakers-thunder game: LA can still win series without W tonight. OKC can't without W tonight
ah! That would be fun!!! Let's do it!
I'm so glad you're an Omahan! I can't wait to run into you or (idea!) meet for a drink or coffee once #bigomaha settles down.
BEWARE OUR MOOSEY DOOM!
We are *8* followers away from 500! When we hit 500 followers, we'll choose a random follower to receive a full page ad in Issue #21!
lol I'm known to be a bad influence ;)
good to hear, let me know if you need anything!
that's not safe!!:-p
I heard was at your house the other day...... Big Daddy.
Google revenue up 27%, profits up 6.4% so stocks fall 10%. Not good enough apparently... This uneducated fool finds that bizarre.
How have you been boo? imy
The Pin-Up Squirrels are performing at The PIT at 9:00 on Sat., 4/21! Come on out and see them!
Home watching Rangers on tv and following yanks-angels on the iPhone. Let's go Yankees yes I know I'm saying that!!!
Lakers look pretty good
CHECK YO MAIL..
Who trying play though.. that's the real question
Singing is not worship. Justice is worship, and when justice prevails the people sing. -Eugene Peterson
why not feeling good? Cuz I want you guys to miss me. Jk lol
2 things. Twitter is full of attention whores and snl is the worst show on tv. That is all.
At St. Ignatius with the youth group!
do you mean django-email-confirmation or django-mailer?
“: Good Morning! S/o to the people who never sleep in, constantly up early on their grind! #DRIVE” <~ good morning
On a serious note... Yeah, I want him to be a head coach again as well.
FREE Premium health food samples for dogs and cats (my kitties love 'em!) www.freepetfoodsamples.com
I get that tingley feeling whenever #101.5 plays my 3 favorite songs in a row! It's #magic!!
I hear sucks at madden! In fact he was using Tom Brady playing against tampa bay and got less than 100 passing yards :/
finally chose a college, now i just need to pack up my things and get my ass back to california. who's ready for me?!
*In a car with friend* *Music on really loud* Friend: This is really loud. Me: No shit, I'm in the car and can hear too.
why does Chuck still have 2 talk dirty about city of San Antonio on TV? Alamo and Tower of Americas both great
Our current peak crawling capacity is now over 4 billion URLs per month!
dont forget to pack your boomstick for the trip to SF
I miss you bunches:(
I just had a seizure watching this Arcade Fire. Is that normal?
Tell it like it is
Working till 1:30 then Pre-Mothers Day cookout with the fam :)
I'm so excited for this Summer!!
Stewart Mandel, college football & basketball columnist for SI.com, joins The Score in a few minutes to talk college football realignment!
i started in london,n stayed for 3 days bt my gf ended it,so i went o boston,walkd to richmond on wednesday got my gf bak then walked to NY.
They pull links, it is the live site in the binder.
o yea?! muahz!!
Clippers & HEAT won pretty good day now all I need is for my stomach to get better.
Hey Everyone! Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42" Plasma TV? Check out Buddy's, they have them for 19.99/wk.
- Burnt Tongues (Your Demise) Cover
I love coming home to a super clean house. Thank you maid service! I'm lazy and a guy, don't hate
How many commercial breaks has there been? Like.. 20,000? I think so.
Get Tony and Jack in the war room! We've got work to do!
Idk why, but spiders more than anything freak me out... it takes a lot to scare me so idk whats my deal...?
Gerry - belated thanks and well wishes. Appreciate the #FollowSaturday SO. Hope ur having a great holiday weekend. Brian
Heros get remembered, Legends never die
Sometimes I Just Be Wondering
Does that include changing ur Twitter? U can just add something to it. Google keeps linking my old twitter to your page -_-
Thanks for following! You an audiophile? I used to work for a few LD and builders.
i knowww! i'll return son
If I were a fruit, I would be passion.
congrats & have a great time at #curatecamp !
Eightythree Technology Launches Lock My Downloads for iOS, Providing A Secure Web Browser, Fast Multi-Download Manager ...
lol, funny stuff.
worldview = tradition = culture = mental models; we just assume that's the way it needs to be ..
have a wonderful day. You kicked butt this weekend so you can see the kids tonight. Perfect. Just think E thinks your tough.
When Fitzy gets recalled there should be a 12:01 am rally in celebration.
The Knicks are saying Jeremy Lin is out for 6 weeks (the rest of the regular season) after an MRI reveals a small chronic meniscus tear.
say hello to my little friend.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination. 🍃🍂🍁🌾
"optimistically speaking" is a term that comes from 19 years of losing.
Damn!!! Fantasia got me wanting Collard Greens and Cornbread!!! Now I am hungry!!!
Almost ready to announce the new logo! Then after that the new blog will follow :-)
S/o too all my new followers :) muahhz*xO
If you ever got something done for u by me for little to nothing and you still complain I'd say you were
Read tales to my grandkid J. I love tales, I live in a tale. I am a queen he is a little prince.
Happy Birthday!! Sounds like it's off to a great start!
did you see my artwork I bought the other day? Can't remember if I mentioned it last time.
Roasting marshmallows in my fireplace while lounging on the chaise really gets the ideas flowing. Nice winter way to get over
Super Bowl Crockpot Recipes These Super Bowl Crockpot recipes make it easy to throw a fantastic party and still enjoy the game. These rec
Wishing my Mom a Happy Birthday
help me fight my cases when u finish
I kicked it today with the bby & my big homie :)
#phdadvice : It's more a question, I think, of teaching a student how to assess the risk of a topic.
ha that and Taylor swift!! Such garbage!! Belongs on 104 KRBE!!!! I'm waiting for Texas country to blow the fuck up like it should!
oh so welcome!
which one
Family can get really annoying
good morning and happy halloween.
Selling all my furniture from my Hollywood apt...or trading it for a bicycle with a basket.
do everything that will bring more joy to your life!
#MidnightInParis. Nigh Nigh all. Sweet dreams, I know I will now! 😘
The inside of Blair is tough
Cause you're always beautiful in the morning
TONIGHT Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Heavy Trash, Boss Hog, Pussy Galore $11
antiquing is fun!!!! No matter how creepy
All of this Corr stuff is cracking me up. PAY HEED, , when you invent players out of thin air, WE'LL CALL YOU OUT ON IT.
9.5cm dilated...about to push out a baby!
What's a favorite holiday tradition you and your family have?
just ended my LTR with AT&T! Got my iPhone AND Verizon! Whoot :-)
It's sad that most women would reject Erik "The Lizard Man" Sprague just because he has a reptile dysfunction.
Member what happened to the last guy who the voice? .... My point exactly.
Thx for taking time to follow~ Love your products~
I'm trying to get up with Sam now but he ain't hit me back yet
Goodbye family law. You've been a thorn in my side all semester, I'm glad to see you go.
#ILoveAustinBecause he makes me happy !!(:
Missed like a week and a half of school and still have a 100 in science
Catch our on Y&R today on CBS as "Tucker's" nurse!
When the fire underneath ur ass, don't try & bring me in it...once again MADD cow
Reminder friends: I tweet about all things of interest to me & think it's worth sharing. From veganism to my tech clients. Hence ...
only in america will you see people circling the parking lot looking for a close space at a gym. lol
I hope you are having a great day so far! Don't forget to be a blessing to someone else as well!
Whoops. I was trying to thank aw, do you have split personalities? you just thanked yourself for the RT.
Check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,WE GOING IN,DOWN LOAD TUNE IN RADIO TO YA PHONE, ARE
thinking if I can get Tilestream and geoserver installed, and can hit them with Leaflet.js, I will be happy....for now.
What do you like about football
that is a pretty interesting schedule. Enjoy the day!
Back in Edinburgh, leave for Athens in the morning, cheers.
But mommyy I don't want to go to the dentist :(
Saw Taylor swift last week Saw Wendy williams today!!
Christmas is coming...TisTheSeason for your heat 2 go out.Give us a call 4 all your RepairNeeds.We also give FreeAdvice via twitter/e-mail.
