Thanks for the follow Sarah Pinto (pinniesp)! :)
always waiting for Journey, Styx, Alabama and Metallica. Yes I am strange.
": Youre opinion only matters to me if you do."
Eduardo Corral and Jose Antonio Rodriguez have been mentioned by Christian Wiman...and recent poems of his
- Hey Mark, I'm looking for someone with strong IIS / web admin skills for a full-time role...up to 75-80K. Know anyone?
lol it's a teen party and after this theirs a club party
- Thx for the support my friend. Much appreciated!
RT : Its saddens me that its so hard to create new jobs that are healthy for americas future, but jobs of war take no time at all...
So proud of my Sr dancers tonight. They rocked the stage and showed what they love to do. I am so inspired by each and every one of you. Xox
8 Mile & Denver/LA game
Thanks for spreading the word and helping #anhkc increase awareness
Hope Everyone Is Enjoying Their Day <3
maybe we get some lunch if you are free
blackberries are not toys.
Sophomore year is almost over and I wouldn't change a thing about it! I've enjoyed every bit of it!
Nice! Keep up the good work on social media
Lay your heart down the ends in sight.
Are you knocked up? RT : I'd really like to stop throwing up.
Some niggas ain't got no shame
Keep your friends close, enimens ever closer. Because not everybody is your friend.
up to anything fun today?
Watching #formulaD with my daughter. She's not really interested. :(
Babe is home!!! Weekend commence!
theres always time you just say
Oh no. My coworker is supposed fly to Dallas this afternoon and head up to OKC. I hope flights are getting out.
are you going to the Met Ball? Will we see pictures??
Thanks for the RT Kathy! Have a great Tuesday!
So far classes don't seem so bad...
Thanks for following me. What a cool concept! Really happy to hear about you guys. Look forward to trying it out!
Next week is my last week of school. <3 thank god.
Only 10 years 10 hours ago the united states of america was under attack! god bless and #pray for the lives lost that day
Thanks to everyone who came out for the taste test @ SJSU! It was a lot of fun! Video coming up soon.
Sorry I forgot the come to the tilden dance with me
Hank Aaron is, and always will be, the true home run king. Period.
Follow us for a chance to win cool prizes every Wednesday! ps. #PhillyHunt Loves the
#Shrobble RT : whats that sound u make when u shit and throw up at the same time?
girl this don't make any sense. I took mines at the start of 3rd quarter. Sigh.
so tonight was pretty good..probably gunna watch some Kevin Hart now.😂
I guess that's why your name starts with ODD on here.
Clearly, karma is a slut.
You can't stand next to me and act like everything is alright between us...
lmfao omg i havent left yet!
no problem!!
I've come to the conclusion why cry over spilt milk, no one really cares but u!
I'm tired
Black Friday shopping with friends!
Come see me play tomorrow with members of Michael Buble's band tomorrow in Santa Monica. NO COVER! @ hotel-casadelmar.com
with the cake I had my eye on, and didn't get, but there is a carnival next year, I'll get another chance. I was 3 & 4, in Fircrest, Bill
recipe please?!
According 2 my middle.sch boys...Roland smith, IQ #2 "even BETTER than #1"
Prognostic factors of which | Health Center
the refs want to help the lakers beat the spurs???? i am shocked and appalled
That's ok, we've all been there. I've nipped at least 2 pieces of wood type with the Vandercook grippers in my day.
Staying at Pop's Lake for #phish at SPAC? I rented a school bus to get us there & back. Message me if interested. $20 round trip each nite.
Doing Virtual School-.-
Welp this is kool.....?????? Should of jus went home for this
Pitts says TX House won't be able to vote on SB 1581 until SB 1811 finished (perhaps with time to do calculations).
Is anyone elses house REALLY hot?!
I Figured the only way I'd beat you to the punch with #FF was to post it just after midnight, hee hee.
"so, what do you do?"
They were delicious, we ended up frying some and doing clam chowder with the rest
Okay I'm sad, sick and just making it even worse
Tell a bedtime story
Also check out #Appyhour...an hour devoted to apps, I'm in 2 conversations tonight , lots of learning :) , all archived
Boston vs. Philly in the playoffs! You ready?
There is a new product special, if you buy any two of our four featured products you get a free travel size of creme de coco shamp & cond!
. Excellent twitter 101 overview. Branding, picking an avatar, what to put on your bio, not freaking about yr # of followers
To be free to bless...you must be free from serving yourself...
I hope I cry through the entire episode!
yes soon :)
Why has "worldwide" been stuck in my head all day...
seeing what this muscle milk about...
At work so can't watch project or punk'd but that's why I have dvr first thing I'm watching when I get home..
Really down on for altering the future with its 2008 story: "Time Traveler: Everyone In The Future Eats "
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week:
inegrity is a core value of my organization...what is the meaning in a spiritual context?
Chyeah! Stay positive my dude.
The 2 "Carlsons" have made me ask - what makes a good team name? What was your favorite team name from the past?
Philly philly you make the others look silly
Windy day here in
Does your establishment have WiFi? I'm coming they #Appomattox on Monday.
This too shall pass.
suddenly my tweets about my meal seem insignifigant haha lol
I bought a blender, a 50 pack of straws, and a spatula to see if the cashier would joke that I was stir crazy. He didn't. I'm done living.
So I feel terrible that I haven't been doing any promoting lately! GLJ deserves better than that, so I'm getting back into this!
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. ~ Oprah Winfrey
i must sayy being bakk in Cali feels good!
Increases invstmts in ed for things like #ESEA, #IDEA, #HeadStart, & the Child Care & Dvlpmnt Block Grant
The press has now coined Tebow as "God's Quarterback". I hope he's not the only one.
OMG man some times people
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart...peace!
Checkout Interview with Brother Chris Johnson and see how Simba Changes lives Simba Camp 2011... not help us by donating...
Yes you were Did U see that Mark Emmert (PSU President) will be on the Scott Van Pelt show tomorrow?
Don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill it. ~ Murphy's Law
I'll take 1% of your summer action again
and - promoting peace and harmony in the world! Let's Create Peace, Y'all!
that's good baby send me more pics
your body double had a big gainer. Mayo.
Gaga:"'Operation: KILL THE BITCH!" Me: "Operation: MEET THE BITCH!"
watch out! my dog got a hold of a rabbit once and a few days later we were dealing with tape worms coming out of her butt.
Trust is the glue that holds relationships together. The more you demonstrate trust in others, the more they will trust you.
Be careful out on the roads - Dane County Sheriff's Office will have extra deputies out looking for drunk drivers! 4 people busted ovenight.
Hello. Thanks for the follow. Happy #travels!
Yayayay! #superpumped RT : guess what? I get to see you today!!
its okay, turn to you is only my favorite song in the history of the universe, nbd
Demi Lovato Signs on to Judge 'X Factor': Demi Lovato has officially signed her deal and will be a judge on the next season of "The X...
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #eg12conf ! We'll be in the exhibits area!
Whether you like wine, beer, food truck treats, clothes, jewelry or people-watching, come to 57 Degrees tonight! 1735 Hancock, San Diego
natural causes ?
plans to babysit for tonight canceled what to do what to do
Must practice another 21 day retreat..... Breathe IN.... breathe OUT.... whoosaaa
another blessed day
Prime Rib Chili is back at Ward's! See you for lunch?
glad to hear! Where is home?
wtf is this
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 65
Both have great smiles! Thank you for following me ♥
I always do eat pizza! RT eat some pizza!
w/ the babe .
excited to be going to Connecticut today to photograph the opening of the new store tomorrow in Westport!
Thanks :)) RT Happy Mother's Day Honey :)
she said the only time she get
Made homemade #pho for dinner and for the rest of the week
time for an iPhone :)
RT : How has jessica simpson still not given birth to this baby? I'm getting frightened.
God DON'T LIKE UGLY
Thanks for the follow. Following back!
I'd say a seminar, maybe. But I studied with Deborah Eisenberg, Denis Johnson, Marilynne Robinson-- it's a high bar for me.
Tomorrow is prom, time to start freaking out....yes!
I wish #oomf took German class with me so I could cut up with them about it!
Ouch! Thanks for the update. Was considering purchasing.
them!! Your killing me! 💗
getting ready for work .______. and it's going to be weird because im mad
It didn't say, but I assume so.
#Chiefs draft DT Dontari Poe with the 11th pick in the
Thx so much for the mention and RT!!!
#FF before Friday is over!
Heh. I bought my first real (canister, not upright) vacuum cleaner not that long ago—can you tell? :)
i told u it was gnna die
I'm lol'ing at the people in my class who think my outline is too "professional." Take an English class, for Christ's sake.
The guys from that new show on usa network are cute.
I'm glad 3 ppl r <33 u, my mom, and dad
Check out Springboard for female CEOs who have had successful exits. There are a lot who could speak @ the next #SVBCEO summit.
No one ever asks me to play anything like Brahms. Either I hang out with the wrong crowd, or my limitations are obvious.
hahahahaha is he in a speedo again?
"Oh you know I can't let you go...without tappin' dat ass...One. More. TIME!"
I hope it rains all night so I have a guaranteed amazing sleep
Love 1 another: for love is of God; & every 1 that loveth is born of God, & knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God; 4 God is love.
Just made vegetarian stew for dinner! Yumm :)
is laying on my couch right now. I'm trying to sheep dog him into my bedroom, wish me luck.
Just You And I...c:
Nap time?
I LOVE THAT SONG
not bad ;)
See you there. BTW, I've interviewed you in the past at Eagles training camp in Bethlehem back-in-the-day.
OK, let me know.
#fathersday is so so so so soon. have you bought a gift yet? ditch the golf balls and bbq sets he's used to. surprise him. :)
yes, it's most important that we get the correct breakfast bars! How are you? #happyfriday xo
You can't teach passion. You can't fake hunger. When it comes time to burn w/ fire, to devour your muses and spit them out, you'll know why.
SF Flamencos! Don't forget to follow-up on your Perkville points... come to class, get points, collect points, get more classes!
Consider how joins families and #ECE services in a cohesive manner. Teaching parents = success in school.
What's up
Thugs in uniforms MT | MT I an important question that needs to be asked is: Are the right people becoming cops?
is this u michael?
damn right we do
m..Jones Cream Soda
Most Jews are for a safe Palestine. But we are also against terrorism and we need safe borders. We want peace for peace!
August Strindberg~ I love her and she loves me and we hate each other with a wild hatred born of love.
please follow me back:)
It's a sad day when you have nothing to talk about to your bestfriend.
$65 - $95 with limited GA dance floor tix. I think it sold out last year, but the show reviews I've read were less than positive
"I have to carry a lot of water because I'm an African American female scientist." - Shirley Malcom, AS.
Big ups to my youngest sister, Kim, who got un-deferred and into #Pitt, her number one choice!
man, good to see ya'll as crew
I hope karma slaps oomf in the face before I do.
Start a petition for Santa too while we're at it.
Hello spring!
Looking forward to ’s #Media Mixer tonight w/ , Gillian Flynn of and of !
Still got time to the black house 4 the cypher
Lmfao, I fucking adore Taeyang's brother; he's too cute!^^♥
my dad is huge fan, so I figured I would follow you. Plus I love to run. Oh yea I love eating vegan too.
Catching up on #Bones episodes, wee!
I would just translate it directly as Aiya.
ah i love spain! that's so exciting!
Banana Hair Smoothie Masque, gonna try it today.
DDMGiveaway RT this and be entered to win 2 tickets for Farmpark for Rail Roads in the Park May 5th or 6th!
hey all
The next 10 people to follow will get 100 followers by the end of the day LEGGO...........
I need food. Or drinks. But mostly food.
New articles posted as well as some improvements in Flogger Falls and the Main Site.
When lightning strikes the ocean why don't all the fish die?
absolutely delightful and out of this world!
Whew. Thank you, warning label. I was actually considering using my new floor lamp in the shower.
#jersey4sale Jual FC Barcelona Training Kit Size S,M
Wife left with kid. Empty house. All alone. Time for naked sit-ups and project runway.
I know y'all don't care but this game Design home is cool! I have a kid now in it
Thanks for being awesome enough to listen to #JackWhite!
doesn't need as much help as yours!
Happy 4/20 everyone!!! tonight in #Nashville and game 5 of playoffs go #Predators!!!!
#Frack it works just as well.
I'm finished the #HungerGames books what to read next?
if I get 130 followers,i will celebrate.Jus like when I hit 125 followers(three times)
Damn relationship shit, quit keeping me up girl!! #foreal now I can't sleep damn woman snores like TRex. Keep drinkin why she sleepin
So I ask my girl where are the spark plugs and she points at the dipstick 😔
Hello Seattle! Good to see you again so soon.
Once u kno how they make a movie...watching them are neva the same
so there are no other options but jersey shore?
I often confuse organic with eat as much as you want!
Who you are isnt what youre going through..
turn up the music
song of the day ... Lamb of God - Redneck!!! its a mutha fuckin invintation!!!!!
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus
Ecc 10:19 A feast is made for laughter, And wine makes merry; But money answers everything.
Lieutenant Colonel Merryl Tengesdal was the first Black Woman to Fly the Air Forces U-2 Spy Plane- InSpotter app
. Thanks for giving us a shout-out. See you there!
In 10 days, it is Flood Awareness Week, April 18-22. Learn more! www.facebook.com/wakecountysmartstart
who? I only remember real talent.
Thanks for the retweet.
Wow, I can get my eye contacts for 1/2 price, $35 instead of $68, online. Sorry eye doctor, but I ain't got no job.
*delaney in her sleep* Laney- Hey... Did they redecorate? Me- what? Laney- shut up, Im not on my DS. :D
Make one today! RT : Usually a blend of sweet tea, lemonade, a splash of sprite. God Bless Texas.
Thank You Mr Clone, I'm never going to the valley again
So excited for the second year! Just registered for Great Milwaukee Race on
CBS Sports shouldn't have interfered with our weekends this way. Should have reported on Monday and then let it go...
Friend or foe? That is the question.
#WhyILoveYou is because your you.
Oh no! So sorry to hear that. If you want, DM us your Zipcard # and we'll take a look.
thank you! Just wrote her a note :)
Me either!! Sounds like so much fun!
April showers, bring May flowers...
Your Lakers -5.5 line is a good one. I'll still lay the points even though it's a 5 point game now.
I need new nail polish...
starlight theater fan
Thanks to and , I am getting my share of conference system hold music today ;)
LONG day! Finally relaxing. Don't think I'll ever let my place be a shoot location ever again...famous last words...
this WILL work.
When you're thinking 'bout me, text '143', that means I love you. Girl I'll be your everything and all you need. Baby let your heart take...
RIP Mr. Cronkite: RT : CBS Evening News: 'The Most Trusted Man in America,' Walter Cronkite has died.
And I love YOU! Miss you beautiful!
#Best Fight I Ever Saw Wit My Guy & In Conneticut For My Guy Czar
I need that
Enjoy your weekend to the fullest, sweetheart!
In other words, dream big, kids, and you, too can be a professional football player or super model
Guys making fun of you are just jealous! Dont let it get to you.Stay strong, & keep dancing! My fam and I r rooting for you!
Town of henrietta Can Suck My Ass! "A more open form of government, one that is approachable and responsive to the citizens of the town" BS!
My #haters are my #motivation!
You had a chance with me and since I'm with him, you want me?
looks like you have a hit with VCO Cam. I use it a lot. Any chance that we will ever be able to adjust strength of filters?
Hahahaha I was dying 😂
you are my best friend too. <3 never leave me
My phone is all stupid today
Wow. That is serious commitment to the cause. I remember seeing your documentation at RPSCollective last year!
This girl has her eye brows drawn.... And it looks so stupid.
Requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdrive at 5 w/Helen Powers! Studio: 978 1023 or
Once again, my pendulum said that President Obama will be re-elected in November 2012. What does your pendulum say about that?
How you gon say your gonna bite me, knowing that you don't have any teeth
Amen to that. I find it hard to believe that book's still gonna be current in 2013.
yah he would, my persian parents r different than most haha
It's glue, right? They put glue in the crust? JUST KIDDING!
be glad you are'nt waiting on the bee guy!! lol
#P90rex looks at Gordons thighs in the workout room, and wants to put a leash on them
It actually wasn't that bad at all. :) You are just really sore the 3rd day. It was a lot better than I thought it would be!
Social media marketing will surpass SEO marketing in the next 5 years #fact via
“: sleep in and be late? Lol” Yup! Exactly :)
Thanks for the great post about
Fully Functional Human! Available now! (beta)
Ewww i hate being late to horsebac riding
like the new AP. I bought the rose and brown strap
That 13-yr-old (!) exhibit gets more hits than any of our sites by a wide margin. Obv design hasn't aged well.
Lol then why you even throw that in there?
That awkward moment when you spell the simplest words wrong. *crashes
The awkward moment when you are on the rts bus and there are tons of empty seats and someone smelly sits right next to you.
good news is they renewed parenthood.
HAHA!! I have bad luck with that car period leonardo was not nice to me lol. I have to find a new name for my next car.
May all your christmases be white ! :'(
": Absolutely LOVE Cover2Cover. And incredible service from " Thanks for the kind words. Thanks for supporting!
Out for a date day and night all planned by my baby! You rock!
All I know is I'm not as into the show now that you're gone. And either Jessica or Joshua is gonna win.
The move is over but the un-packing & fine-tuning continues
it's so wonderful that they are holding this festival in Gaza. thank you for the link. and looking forward to seeing you today!
Following such a sexy woman like you is a pleasure. Im sure many men would enjoy having u "enjoying" them ;)
because we can't spell?
I'm filming my movie, Pick Me!, today. Wish me luck.
Some of our favorites!
thanks - we were working on a tight sched and low budget so we did the best we could! Wish we'd had more time to fix it!
Haha no just a truck
Ok ad was the best ending to an ad so far
ok, just as long as we're clear that we're not going to talk anymore about how f''ing awesome "C C" is, you and I are cool.
#HermEdwards on #MikeAndMike: "These are the best players and coaches in captivity. The Saints will adjust." Gotta love Herm.
Listening to heavy metal on the radio. I would 'bang my head' but it makes my jowls wobble.
Naked Harry is trending .... hahaha (;
Take advantage of this Lets go
Calling for snow on Monday -__- and I have pirate tickets
I like the medication because it lets me know that these aren't the droids I'm looking for.
I love how have M. Cabrera and P. Fielder ranked 1 and 5 respectively for 1st basemen for fantasy projections. GREAT ADVICE.
I follow the drachmas.
Dear god, that little one is all sorts of cute. Too bad we've already reached our limit of feline occupancy.
#LauraJaneGrace joins a long list of trans musicians:
Thx! Sorry for the slow reply (haven't been on twitter for awhile)! I definitely can do some posts on Intuniv if you would like.
many thanks from ": no prob! The are happy to support!"
first vote<3
what is up :p
Now whining that Univ. Of Chicago athletes are embarrassing for being short.
Lets Go Knicks, lets get in rhythm now that we have all our pieces
Best of luck sweetpea! RT : Job interview friday! Super excited!
First peppermint mocha of the season! Thanks #starbucks :) :) :)
Linguist working on #JimCrow as fostering a distinct African American dialect and it's connection to Southern English.
I think I want some chilis
yeah. it's a weird place to move to when you're from a coastal region. also, that made me think of kittens
Which career? The science or the design?
thank you!!
Because I do not actually get a vacation I live vicariously through all of your vacation tweets.
I will pay for TV when I can order shows a la carte. Until that happens, you can stop calling me, Time Warmer. I'll stick with pirating.
that's my girl, true statement!
RT No influence is so powerful as that of the mother.- Sarah Josepha Hale
Not getting any writing done while doing all this traveling! But I've read some good books: (cont-->)
and tell your cousin to follow me *wink wink*
Stoked about taping some Tapes n Tapes today.
Never consider the possibility of failure
Goodmorning my loves im swagged out in my pink outfit
I'm with you.
Lol imagine if loved me and enough too let us win the m&g passes
luuuckky! I'm gonna be bawlin my eyes out!
It's Thursday- but we are signing out early. Have a good weekend everyone, catch you next week!
I'm thinking of selling my wife's wedding band so I can go to a Red Sox spring training game this year
you're welcome, I noticed ur profile following me, ur profile seemed real so figured y not subscribe & yep I was trying 2 ice u out!
I NEVER used more than 14 a week!
thanks Mark!
hahaha could that be someone I know hahahaha
Wonderful! Thanks so much. By svn I hope you mean git because every time someone uses svn Linus kills a cat!
Reminder for grad students to nominate a prof and/or a colleague for the Victor Worsfold Award for teaching. See email for form.
just sent! Thanks again and hope to see you there!
looking forward to seeing and talking with you :)
Dear Wednesday, I still hate you. 😡 Regards, Brad
LG what great debate is going on? Convention ctr? Raising taxes again? HELP!!
Yes, but it is important to remember there are a lot of lies taught in history classes :-).
you read my mind, I was thinking of the same, need to talk to them about doing a live show there too.
How have I missed all your garden tweets?!
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplify in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with
You definitely are not alone! I've just posted the article on my Facebook page so that all of my friends know about the ruling!
That's good!! Staying productive is the move!!
follow the rules of the road, use the left lane for passing only, signal early so people can move, done ride brakes, keep moving.
Happy birthday!
my nights have been reduced to watching SATC re-runs and playing fetch with my dog. and eating oreos.
#cw150 RT : "Wednesday, 30th Pleasant. Last night I made ready to leave and started this morning on the hack for...
Year of the Napoli: Part Two! Thanks again to the Angels for making it all possible!
Boombozz's 23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #2: - more standards
Just booked my airfare for #Vegas in July! Having my friends turn 30 is way more fun than having them get married
Lacee should ride a Dolphin and go get Starling Marte to replace Presley
Im encouraged (:
Thank you for the mention!
LOL! I take your "Is not" and raise it by "He's so hot he's causing global warming!"
It will kill me if I don't get those tickets in the 1D car contest.
#20ThingsAboutMe; 6. I hate when my friends say I have a perfect life. Money can NOT buy you happiness.
Who's got a license to kill??? ME!!! #BeastieBoys #LOL ;-)
Hello! Welcoming 3 new follows..
However, the Breaking Dawn Pt. 2 trailer where vampire Bella stalks her deer lunch was unintentionally memorable (and hilarious).
um I'll think about it
Steve Nash has too much game left to be a chaser. Staying in PHX though means he has no desire to really want a ring.
so what will the big show do now....
I hate
what does caucasian looking look like pale white or tanned like the lady in new jersey
m something like that.
#holiday1kiss deffinately throw a last minute christmas party......so much more fun! :-)
All you early morning commuters don't forget to stop by and get yourself a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich promotion code DELICIOUS88
im good you?? i got to go now ill tweet you tomorow xx
Field trip was exceptionally fun today! I think new friends were made, which is always exciting!
"A house is not a home" for boomer retirement unless they start early on retrofitting the house to accommodate future senior living needs.
I wish it was hot enough to go bridge jumping .
Drugged up
MY MOM SAYS I MIGHT GET TO SEE DEMI LOVATO IN CONCERT AT MT STATE FAIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's amazing how it wasn't windy untill they went outside.
DONE and DONE!
Money's no object, wherever you wanna go! ReserveIt
10 Years In Foster Care! Tired of These Muthafukkers tryna control me! Takin matters in my own hands!
We had the tickets mailed to us. :-/
Valid. RT hahah yes that does make sense. If it's not about Bob then what does it matter anyway?
#Twitter is over rated.
she's awesome and brave.
I aint even bring my money to school -__-
i love my i phone 4
#teamfollowback please follow - GREAT TEAM!!!
Sound AMAZING! RT : Prime Rib + Wood Fired Rotisserie = Celebration. Come celebrate National Prime Day
Ppl r weird
she deleted her FB page!..... girl be going off the deep end now...
Glad U found me, ! I look forward to following you, too!
Local crust punk losses major street cred when he gets a professional to tattoo his face, instead of his best friend, Skunk.
I'm going to win it! RT : no one wants to win the Masters this year
I swear on my life I'm going next time he's here.
racks on racks on racks! Bitches by the 2, Noah's Ark!
Only in #suburbia do you see 8 cars in the drive through at at 10:30 on a Thursday.
Anthony Bennett cuts Kentucky in another surprise move. Down to just UNLV and Oregon (via ).
it is beautiful here! Hope it holds until sunset.
Apparently answering the question “What do you like most in a woman?” with “my dick” gets you kicked off eHarmony…
You don't seem to realize why what you're saying is highly offensive.
Next time!
Great guidelines, thanks!
Is your Dad an astronaut? Because someone took the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes. ♥
toms ass is gettin lonely lmao
we always have a couple of lovely Beemsters at each shop, so stop by!
so I created just for business & development, and held onto for personal life & CLT
RT Hi, how about that new Tapas place? It's the only place I've been (in Belltown)...
This week's been crazy - but good! #FinalFour depends on who you ask, but hoping for a #MIZ #KU rematch in finals!
Be gracious. Know and follow the basic rules of etiquette. Everybody likes to be around polite and mannerly people.
im so bored
holy crap, we love you then :) haha!
RT‏ The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work. - Mark Twain
Listening to the final mixes of the EP I'm not sure if you guys understand how amazing this is going to be. GET STOKED!
I fully expect a Welty Symposium 2011 Reunion to happen as a conference panel sometime. This group of writers have really gelled.
“: "If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one" ~Mother Teresa #quote”
these last few years have been tough. I lost my senses after social media.......
Another homework allnighter with This HAS to be unhealthy. I don't think I remember what real sleep is.
When replied to your comment on instagram 3 weeks ago and you're still happy...hahah<3
wish I was there.. have fun
God does not use amazing people, he uses available people to do amazing things.
#dimmakstudios90028_6pm I JUST WANT YOU TO COME TO FLORIDA!!!
I read that last week, loved it and totaly inspired to run!
ready for a good day
Bummed I'm missing the 1st annual hack-a-thon.
im such a bitch
I didn't get no calls from u...u sure u got right #
What's the best way to promote wine to the average Joe/Jane? Wine specials! Everyone likes a bargain, especially when trying something new.
My mom joking with my sister about her being an accident >>>>
my legs hurt like ASHJFDHJSHDUKNHJKFHJDK,,
haha because i am fully dedicated to my academics here at northern
you are coming to Wichita falls Texas feb 11. Would live to meet you in person. Lunch?
Im OUT..Good Night..
You know those insipid eavesdropped conversations you relay with multiple successive tweets? More painful to us than to you.
teach me how to do that maybe I can no who to trust n who not to trust 😊
Reached level 10 Athletic Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
I'm so sad right now!! DROSE HAS BEEN THROUGH ALOT
I hate the cheetah. Want a frosty golden one.
I feel like a
Looking to kick off the evening? Come get a 22oz Green Flash. Say, "Make it good though."
bye bye - your tweets will be missed.
Gettin a Starbucks to start of a good Sunday..
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN
I don't blame Calipari for not wanting to play at IU's dump. Their fans are out of control and they're not on our level.
Haha I noticed!
not creepy! Its a product of your inspiration.
Needs to sit her ass down and stfu .
When I don't message you. Doesn't mean. I forgot about you. I was just giving you time. To miss me.
Actually, the RR I've gotten from CA has been good & my sister in law sends a "care package" every couple of months
Sorry, I don't like you.
i am forever growing never dying thats whats up!
please do, friend. :)
Some of these girls on my TL know they fine.
Sun's shining now in Roanoke after a gusher of a storm.
same reason but im bot to say fuck n pass if i can!
I want to win a new car!.
Work is perfect when its fun!
table arrangements are being prepared for the Premiere. You'll be seated with the Director, Bryan Boykins.
Nole you look great as is, no need to put on weight (well, maybe some muscle :-))
Just landed in Dallas for #MVP2.0 - can't wait to learn what's new in community commerce!
It's a beautiful day in the C.O.
equivalent to the cubs winning a world series 😂
Haha. He's a fellow brother from Coe, rude boy.
Happy bday from a Bucks fan. Rooting for you guys in the playoffs. Fun team you got there.
People will want to know who you are, and the 1st thing they do is go to your profile and look for a link to a site.
THANKS... Stop the traffic...now let them through
Vin diesel and the rock
mad childish Mr Kelly..mad childish
So this is aallll my fault now?! wtf.
bout to b back out ther bra
Seriously loving the cold rainy weather :/
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad. ~ P.D. East
RT Your pain will not go away by ignoring it, it will rear its ugly head around every corner, until you face the problem.
please follow me!!! Your so awesome!!!!
#BostonCeltics Paul Pierce hits wide open 3pt to close half - 38-36 Boston
Thanks goodness for signed hard copies!!!!
Nope, sorry! I will bring the others when I see you next though! :-)
track meet
great minds think alike...Flo has been on all last night and today. why so sleepy?
Today's Specail: Kimchi Dog w/ Wasabi Mayo! : your turn.
RT ": On my Libra scale I'm weighing grams to put in this dutch master"
Who I want to win: Hugo best picture. Gary Oldman best actor. Rooney Mara best actress.
Introducing a new way to Bartab - send drink credits! Their credits, their choice.
good to see you guys today! Thanks so much for coming to share your experience and knowledge!
That's a woman's right to choose, right?
Aw no huh lol Im sorry...I think ;-) RT ooh just up watching >>>>>> avi of lol
-- Check that: last line of the Declaration of Independence :)
Great wedding episode! Love it! #OTH!
Same here!
that sad moment when im at home and you're at the beach.
:) RT omg I saw your videos on YouTube and I love it!! You're amazing girls!
good luck
Extra ticket to Carolina Chocolate Drops and Po Girl Weds. night. Let me know if you are interested.
Oh. My. Gosh. This is absolutely the best thing I've ever seen. And I needed a little pick me up, too! :)
im gonna send a letter to you soon! (:
Thank you for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
Your two boys are adorable.
Finally i found a way to calm down with out punching anyone or anything :)
Just landed in Boston. Where is the prossecco? Why is it so cold? Where are my girls at?
- enjoyed our Skype call! You're an awesome guy & friend. Terry's THE best speaker u could ever hire to talk about the brain!
I am! Love you more! I'll be sure to thank you in my Tony speech! ;)
College completely altered my life. It changed what I believe and what I feel about everything. I majored in philosophy.
Did you see what transpired to get him sprayed in the 1st place?
Hi EK All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Nope not even gonna go there I'm gonna be the bigger person #growup!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seeing you all will definitely be the light at the end of this 18-hour tunnel.
RT Win The New #Apple MacBook Air! Join our magnificent followers and mention to win!! 5000 followers needed
Refs be gettin paper!
something I wear everyday? I'm not sure... tell me more about what you're wanting to find and maybe I can figure it out?
116 questions on a test? Not even a fucking final!!!!😡
damn I almost crashed
That was the sweetest scene between Kevin and Ethel. Don't let her leave.
k you should;)
please tell me the remoted was missing or something.
AHH SHUT UP U KNOW IM PLAYING (BUT 4REAL U DO NEED SOME GUM) #SOMETIMES LMAO
ohh, counting crows scene with sebastian and annette
Goodbye, red hair. :/.
Picking up a carseat & diapers from our Emergency Kinship Support warehouse for a new kinship family bring home a bundle today!
When it's decided, I start Tweeting and posting at school VERY OBSCURE facts about the show - see who can figure it out :-)
how you doin?
lol what you doing at your crib all by yourself?? That's when crazy nigkas like Jason and Freddy like to catch people lol
sounds amaze balls! Can't wait :P
I want a real furry one!
“: Still waiting for to receive their Grammy. What's the hold up?” me too! These waiting lists take forever...hah
Yup. I just went there. Love you both and your obsessions ❤
i follow all them #VAP girls..
Ever been poor? RT : I cannot believe anyone ever does anything to win a free t-shirt.
Excited for dinner at Ristorante tonight - celebrating 62 years young for mom and dad.
#FindSomeoneWho will protect you like a daughter, love like a mother, and kick any guys but that hurts you like a brother.
I think Maurice Sendak actually wrote very subtle parenting manuals.
Don't worry! Its way too cold out for any of that nonsense this evening.
After last summer, said the only 1 I have left 2c live is Drizzy. And well, since I'm on this bucket list trip lately...leggo!
One Direction Shows That Anything Goes!
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people. You're a slut, but I'm equal. I'm a mutt, we're both evil.
100 miles, 100 miles, 100 miles, 100 miles. You can hear the whistle blow 100 miles.
Somebody mention mee
what pho? You need a new man sir. Where ur chubby friend at?
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand. -Baruch Spinoza
Creating your own business in these dynamic times is on of the most exciting things a women can do.
To our photography members & friends in Hurricane Irene's path: stay safe. If you decide to take photos, be careful.
Woo Hoo Go Joshy! Shout out to getting ready for his first Spring Training w the
gorgeous, thank you beautiful!
We Young Ladies Dont Go All Out The Way To Impress A Guy Thats Prolly Gonna Forget About Chu In Approximately 2 yrs.We Do It For Ourselves.
Yeah, how much $ they recover at the fairbox!
Someone please get #jessicasanchez a cheeseburger. But wow what a voice!
don't cry let them know
I usually need some sort of weirdness to get into litfic (ie Michael Charon).
jk, id say I love you, but your responses back are usually mean :p
See? Now I suddenly feel a kinship. You KNOW what UK fans have to go through. Have a good night and congrats on the win in Dec
RT : Live #music is best! Make plans to get out & support your local #Jazz scene.
She Ratchet !
M ima make this milkshake. Omg do you want one? No you dont u can watch me on skype eat/drink it tho. Real life.
that's good or bad?lol I dnt know them engineerin terms.
3 minutes left in the game. Vandy down by one. 63-64 Kentucky.
I would if you follow me
I struggle with this as well RT Dialing down our passion gives room for others to dial theirs up
#chat2lrn Interesting convo. Lots to think of, including my own SME-ness.
Oh really
I'm not clumsy. It's just that the floor hates me, tables and chairs attack me, and the wall just gets in the way.
I SAW YOU... But I don't think you saw me
i could've sworn i was home when i woke up though. #awkward. all i got was awkward stares from the ladies in the office.
Just got that nice on campus per diem...Yes Sir !
HUGE Congrats to and for landing another whale!
haha ain't seen u on here n awhile!!
Got to let this burn . Gunna try to get some asleep with this on my mind
Oreos & milk. Best snack there can be when in a bad mood :)
Remember. First timers orientation at 530
Here for ya!
fashion tip #1 laugh hysterically to divert attention away from strong need of adult beverages
Awesome picture
Mfs dedicate overtime to damage my name but somehow I'm still the baddest in the game
budget officer further predicts FY2013 property tax income to go up for multi-unit residential and commercial sectors
She spins and she sways to whatever song plays without a care in world. And I'm sittin her wearin the weight of the world on my sholders <3
good point, 16 states passed the legal use so far. Maybe it will happen here
Everyone should love someone #justlove good night ppl ♣
yo i dun goofed. I forgot about thursday. Can we rearrange for sunday?
No matter what guys should not wear anklets unless required by law
well. i just slept for 14 hours.
Shocking! Imagine, a rich person staying @ a posh hotel! Once again, Fox News rips the lid off 1 of the stories re: real issues!
Just think Monday's in general r hardest. As a manager, I tried Tuesdays. I had a 14 person group once & made it Wed.
Why do I always burn my tongue with soup? Ouch! :/
Nothing like opening up that brand new car air freshner for the 1st Time
RT this if ur a hot pinoy and you wanna tweet me..:p
What a nice bath that was .
If you have never seen any of the #DisneyMovies you have no childhood!
Why u wanna do Kanye like that... Lol
what a great game...
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you feel like someone just rained on ur parade, popped ur last balloon, stole ur lollipop and ran over ur cat.
RT : You're welcome! Have a great rest of the week! /TYVM!
no not yet, but as much of a weenie as he is it should be fun when he does LOL
He still hasn't admitted he was wrong about that one & never will.
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 5
Thanks! It's only one day, right. I'll mix a cocktail later and hopefully that will help!
Headed to MEXICO in the AM...don't even mind the early flight...I'll just be pool side that much faster!!!
So great to hear! Stay in touch and we will keep you posted on whats going on in Indy!
about Manning it was always Payton first. Eli is now the better of the two.
- unknownDon't boast when you set out but only when you get there
“: i need some affection in my life.”I gotcha no homo well kinda is that insest lol
Thank You!
On the train going to mikes!
Abouta go take this u.s. History eoc
What do you want to be when u grow up
Dancin in the moonlight is on the radio!! :)
Yes I do remember you!! following you!! What's up??
ill be drinking with you!!! I love bday months!
I'll be forever checking the mail everyday only to be disappointed because it's still not there yet.
Isn't it weird how they're always somewhere else?
you in the N.O? Where you at now days?
Not surprised it's beautiful there! Those nights happen too rarely here.
Good to know your friends are more important than me. Especially, when you have seen them everyday for a week and I ask to see you 1 night.
: Check this! We're debuting March 2012 issue w/us on the cover! Look for it on stands hMttp://t.co/rOvDRN1A
Some days I wake up and think...is this really me? I get to do what I love and get paid for it!
Why do really good restaurants have such clean and nice restrooms?
not even... Take her for ten!
I like the way u sound in the morning. We R on the phone and without a warning...I realize ur laugh is the best sound I have ever heard:)
Mint.com, for everyone that spends, saves, and plays...ok, super cheesy, but seriously-check it out, get organized--it's FREE!
it's all over twitter. I guess some homeless guy was planning on stabbing him. It seriously makes me sick to think about.
Anyone have any fun weekend plans???
does kendrick have a new song ? Lol
#40dollars doesn't fill my gas tank
Astronaut Catherine "Cady" Coleman is now at the podium telling tales of the space station. Totally amazing.
Moodle lessons are KILLING me. Followed their training video exactly, had three people look at it, & still can't grade anything on it.
The more you learn about people, the more you learn about yourself.
we miss you!
It always cracks me up when I come back from a long Twitter haitus, and there are more of you. Nothing to see here, tweeple! Hee.
totally appropriate then
Mission Admission is an awesome Facebook game that 's team created to teach students about college admission.
you'll be praying to break your neck again if you go play in Washington
Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts. ~Author Unknown
If there is any reason to pick up the current and next issues of Fango, it is seriously this two-part piece on traumatizing safety PSA films
Pappas: legalizing #poker will create jobs. Bloomburg: NY Times reported that EU saw rise in revenues & jobs due to legalization.
stole jacobs parents wine
The following of is still out of hand. Haha you said you were giving me until yesterday. I'm feisty today!! Help!!
Hm... RT In need of an ugly Christmas sweater. Hm...
heheh YO. add me on spotify. i'm not connected with FB anymore
NO WAY!
is rocking my world right now.
I'll Have Another
Hello I am now following you! Thanks
and to all new followers thank you for following!! :)
Ephesians 4:32 Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.(TNIV)
RIP .. Dick Clark <3
Saturated fats are highly stable, and not likely to turn into free radicals or go rancid when exposed to heat. So cook with it!
Come by my Margarita station this weekend. I will be the one serving the Beer Margarita. I won contest in 2009. Cheers, Steve
Lol - I know! Most of those drinks look amazing to me - thank god I'm a girl :-) haha
broke so no open bar
New Zimmerman attorney is very lawyer-ly. Can I say that? Lawyerly?
Sun be killing me
i am harold in that situation
Retrospection: when slurring automechanics make romantic advances, invent a fictional boyfriend named Crusher, don't just wheeze nervously.
Had one of those dreams last night when you wake up just before what you wanted to find out happens damn.
At least maybe now it will be difficult to sell (legitimately)? *fingers crossed*
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." Anthony J. D'Angelo
ctfu i can see how nd i understand
Impressionable kids across AZ can't wait to turn 18 and get their very own Roberts crystal meth neck tattoo.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
Julio Jones wins my vote for best dressed so far.
Alero... Where are you going for Happy Hour?
that's great! I'll drop you a line next time a conference brings me out there. I hope the move goes as stress free as possible!
uhmmm playing basket ball lol can u play basketball
I cant smile because it hurts more but that makes me want to smile because its funny
Come on #wolfpack ! You can do it. Get that UNC REMATCH! Up by 1at half
Ready for the TIDE to ROLL all over Tennessee! Roll Tide!!!!
I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.
The pic of Anthony Davis on the 1st page of the ESPN NCAAB section may be the most pretentious image ever captured in the history of sports.
#Youh delegate of #Norway speak NOW at
Cheers to the freaking weekend
im bored
My kid's best friend loves the farmer's market, too! They're buying flowers for her mom. Too sweet.
Dark Avengers... Disappointed :-/
Tell Jackson I expect All-HHC center stuff next year. Just like Anthony Davis (CATS!!!)
Fave memory. Talking Dodger baseball with my Grandma during World Series run.
you and me both!!!! I done checked out a couple weeks back ;)) see u tomorrow Court!!!!
courage the cowardly dog would legit scare me when I was little
North Carolina - you're a moron.
About to start my very first foray into making gumbo. A shame for a Tulane alum, really. Abita chilling in the fridge!
ik if only there was a portal thts in Nebraska and the other one is in new jersey.....tht would make things alot easier lol
I've been laughing at a lot of things/ppl here lol. Gotta stay true to real cuisine! :)
T-Minus 1 day until we go live in Metro Milwaukee!
oh it was a smiley face with hearts in its eyes!
Opportunity’s favorite disguise is trouble. ~Frank Tyger
I'm reffing soccer games -__-
leave me ALONE I dnt like yhu....delete my number nd plz stay away from me..plz im trying 2 be nice
I would marry weezy just to have mixed babies.
ThankYOU! STRENGTH IN UNITY!
black wolf opened on Wednesday. Let's go. $100 a hole? Teams?
Follow Me Please? And When's Our Wedding? ;D
How are you doing these days?
I have.not been on Twitter in a good Lil minute. That's not like me.
Tongue RT : Q7 #FoodieChat What’s the grossest food you have ever eaten?
Happy Friday, Tweeps! What are your plans?
party was crazy and fun last night! thanks to my friends for hosting it
Love that place! Enjoy! :)
love the app!
everyday all day
Their pride and swallow my tribe.
Damn this balcony is high....
You have one too????
damn i wish i was talking to you right now boy u got me gone!
Lane was full of gems tonight. I enjoyed the monster line best, but all his lines in that scene were impeccable.
absolutely! Contrucci gets back on the 18th right??
RT - Is Miami Dolphins QB done for the Season??
Happy 24 day :-)
It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato.
Any chance of booking in PDX? They are playing Sasquatch this year and would love to play in town.
Lol I never knew Ari would get a tattoo. She was so nervous, she was all like "done?"
Ron Paul had the most honest and straightforward answers.
see? I told you all he curses hahaha!
Barry Bostwick plays a Nuclear Fast Attack Sub Commander named (no joke)Capt. Ahab. It actually gets worse from there.
Have finally figured out secret to sleeping prior to Orbit-1 shift. Pasta dinner + glass of wine +tall glass of water=well-rested me.
That's a shout out to my suitemate at , He has a studio in his dorm room. The man is dedicated.
Thank you :) I did.
Larvicides can be applied to standing water as a liquid, granules, or briquettes.
OK,C Just How good the Thunder Are
Thanks to Old Bellevue Merchants Association revival. Great turn out!
This guy !!
Gotta love those people that tweet about you and make Facebook statuses about you that are out of context..
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. ~ Groucho Marx
Finna go get another tat today full of them barz
thanks dear!
So looking forward to meeting you at the Rock the World Conf! :)
“: Luke: If those numbers are accurate for Garcon signing in Washington, wow. Just wow.” surprised Snyder over paid? come on man lol
Yes! “: T.I. he will give you a well-timed big vocabulary world in that strong-ass country accent. #FamilyHustle”
"Drive by compliments".. some wholesome fun with a car and a megaphone on #News8:30
Bro Whats God Baby Welcome 2 Twitter Lets Get It
Back on my 9to5.... The vacay was good for the soul....
The JMF site is down due to gremlins. We're working on it!
i am purposely not gonna talk sports w/ some people on my tl... its like thumper said if you can't say something nice dont say nothin at all
wonderful designs!
that is fantastic to hear. I had lunch outside at Noodles in Broad Ripple is was awesome.
Geez!! Black guys don't know wtf they talking about bc i'm black, I definitely don't wear weave. & i know Mexicans who do.
#Amtrak How about signage like "Please take cell calls in the dining car after 11 pm out of respect for other passengers"? Constant problem.
got to page 50, gave up
Definitely not feeling the Twitter love lately. It's too bad I gotta keep it all inside these days...
yes. I started 8/1. So much to learn! Thanks for checking in. My new Twitter project in plz help me grow it :-)
I didn't know you like good grammar!!
i love going to the casino
Envy is not cute either.
Shoutsout n my other 5 followers
invite urself over
Wow! Acting class was amazing tonight. Got my cry on - again... He seems to enjoy making girls cry in his class... ;)
what kind of.shoot did Emily Procter do?:)
can I have a follow back?? :D
I'm sorry ... just got over that myself.
RT “: I don't mind If it rains forever ...”
PEKINESE YOU LOOK LIKE A FLUFFY CUSHION.
“: Whoever said "money doesn't grow on trees" has obviously never sold weed.” #trueshit!!
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. -Anonymous
great show tonight
The Wanted's performance = AMAZING last night! I was 10 feet from them and they sounded great!
#FYI Electric current is measured in amperes (amps). Electric potential energy is measured in volts. Its the amps that are most deadly.
Wanna check out some pure flameory... yes that's a word... check out for your visual needs... graphics, videos, photography
Yes! An opening jazz number!
was it handicapped parking? ;): RT got a ticket on my moped outside state street brats, what the hell
#FF A big welcome to new Brewers radio voice who will be joining Uecker in the booth.
Super draft coming up means that March is getting closer!
You a fake friend and your friends' fake too, uh! You got the sauce sausage dripping fakeguh!!!! <<-- i don't even know what i did, idcurr
If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?
packing my bags :)
O! New regular show!
are you checking a bag? Most airlines have touchscreen kiosks at the airport. Go to your airline and follow signs. RELAX
He's still getting around... There is no stopping him! lol
Afternoon sessions about to kick off at #seschi -- seems like people survived the long lunch line without too much crankiness.
If only no-no's gave me bonus points....
4 reminders / day to use a camera. Switch out a photo on display or add a new frame. Figure out a schedule every 6 months to freshen it up!
In an attempt to grab his own headlines, this morning Romney announced he's totally cool if women speak when spoken to.
I used to have a life B4 I had a job!
Now my weight is the only Don't Ask Don't Tell policy in the United States.
i do believe in fairies :( I do i do
special projects coordinator at a social services nonprofit
It's $5.00 Monday! All films, five bucks!
Why is my grandfather following me like twitter?
RT : Drink a minimum of 1 gallon of water per day. No excuses. You wouldn't drive your car without gas, so do it.
Means a lot RT : juat got done watching 10 mph!!! Best documentary I have ever seen and very inspirational!! Thank you!!
Sorry I'm totally creepin on your Twitter favoriting a lot of your tweets... Just thought I would keep your @ connects some company :]
Happy Birthday to you!
Amen! Crushed I can't go to more data presentations.
What in the actual fuck?
so pissed rite now omg its not even funny
really? I've always been a fan of his.
good to see you tonight!
Giving a warm welcome to one of Spot Organics retailers ! Looking forward to your tweets :)
Do not attempt to bring unauthorized fruits, meats, and dairy products into the US without first checking whether they are permitted.
i was following you. But you unfollowed me.
Life is pretty good here in LA. A little bit warmer than Essex. For the moment anyway!
They'll come and get it! (more DRM humor...)
- great please send your full cv to and I can call you to discuss things tommo
Thanks for the shout out! EROCK
i'll be fine.
This Week on DVD and Blu-ray: Winter, and Warfare, Is Coming Marc Bernardin casts a discerning eye over the new releases on Blu-ray and D
just realized the book i've been reading on kindle for the past 2 weeks is 600 pages. now i don't feel bad it took this long to read half.
Taking a break from the museums world for an arts world event. Senator Al Franken says "Comedy is a craft." YES!
I can't believe we're over 40,000 #mahomies! ♥
Time to get this workout in !! #SaturdayFitness!
We Want Believe Tour Tickets!!!!
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long
Rousing the troops for a trip to NE Wisconsin. Appleton, then Lambeau!
RT : Q3: The biggest lesson Ive learned since being married is my marriage is complete and it lacks nothing!
I miss her :\ R.I.P. Aaliyah
night is the party?
Not many heroes like Duncan Campbell. Amazing story. Amazing compassion. Power Breakfast.
Cuz the day just seems to drag
Wtf happened to Jason marz? He used to be semi good looking.
#9RoundMinute: 25 Wall Jumps followed by 25 Jumping Jacks!!
follow me please :)
i like that color Alot. What brand is it ?
hi. i like your cat
Is watching a family thanksgiving
I'm helping the community 😂
Well tomorrow's Wednesday... Sigh. Night...:)....
Just because your shoes are Madden /bags are MK doesn't mean it's a cute bag. Stop buying ugly styles just because they are designer brand.
When will Wenger face reality? Maybe when Cesc and Samir and RVP and Jack and Verm move on he will wake up
Hah! What's the first rule about following people?
hahah! Too funny! No you have to tell me thoughh!
First muy thai session is scheduled for Monday :-)
It's sad when they take down the Christmas displays and put in dumps of tax-update software.
RIP Dan Wheldon, we will miss your smile.
#Anaheim #Ducks have traded center #Ryan #Carter to the #Carolina #Hurricanes for minor-league forwards #Stefan #Chaput and
Expensive French soap smells good on me for about one expensive French hour.
Terrace baby
Throwing down a networking event next week. The last one rocked the house. If you're interested, msg me for details.
cant go a day without my Reese's pieces
rewatching 's performance on #thevoice and seeing him retweet and all i can do is #believe that he follows me at least notices.
Don't know what I'll have in my library 5 years from now.
GM! Rise n grind!
Having the best spring break ever(;<3 Besides the one argument my boyfriend and I had..
RT if you're graduating this month
today in New Egypt (in nj actually) to work with the NEHS band...introduced the drumline to a new cadence- a great experience & tight band!
Gotta love it! Keep up the great work!
FYI #DowntonAbbey friends: There are scoops/edits from Season 2 eps. 1-9 all over YouTube. Thank you, British viewers! Helpful!
Went shopping with my most bestest friend lol Happy birthday to me! <3 HEART!
Karaoke tonight at the Surly Goat. Come one come all!
"FuK u" mode
The most important element of good lighting is the quality of light; its color, direction, and intensity.
Tebow prefers comeback wins anyways.
thanks! My porch is my tiny space of summer heaven.
look at the bright side, at least you woke up.
yes. She said you are very cool cant wait to meet. Crisis is over, new phone same #. I'll dm you her
excited to have you. Can't wait to see how Dom plans to use you.
nothing much and you
Have your agent call Milwaukee. We could use you back here. Always liked you when you were here.
Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski: Definitely on the NFL's Not Top Ten list today.
That was terrible!
Hoping it'll be one of those cases where he got passed over last year, is rewarded this year. Like the Pro Bowl.Past accomplishments
Zelda's Lullaby So Sweet~~~~ Reason i love ocarina :-).
What is LOVE ? A one way thing from me to Austin...
The Chat for Google extension for Chrome is very nice.
Just worried about the recent trend of fairy tale to movie disasters but the acting should be top notch...i'll watch.
Honestly we would be so perfect together<3
I am not a "lay out on the beach" kinda person. I like rugged coastline with redwoods as a backdrop. And now I'm homesick.
Awesome!!!! Going to try and make it!
Apparently, "amish romance" is a genre.
you fuckin know it
I've got my sights set on you, and I'm ready to aim.
And that just made my day suck
Thanks for the #ff! :D
would that be TAG: the motion picture?
I love YOU ;)
What i did
Great work on #smash! Wish the best in your career! I hope since im an actor can work with you and
when would you wanna meet??
like em all -
Installing Ubuntu Server 11 on my old AMD X2... new project that when it takes will require massive scaling skills
watching tell n bored
lol have fun!
ALWAYS A MARGARITA WITH A BEER IN IT (love, your mostly drunk coworker)
Marmalade cat trying to steal my marmalade toast.
": That beat for the xxl freestyle this year was such a bad choice." worst XXL cypher i have heard
The announcer is yelling, "Throw the ball to !"
love it! Love and miss Boston. Go Pats! :)
lol...my plans suck! Haha ...my day isn't even about me.
Closing tonight :/
When I met you, I got this tingling sensation.. Then I realized my phone was on vibrate. =P
And we're launched! www.allergyfree4u.com
oh yeah I'm a distributor myself all of their products are good bro!! Changed my mom & aunts life!!!
Thanks for the RT Timothy. Hows the new "gig", EvolveUX going?
Hearing now from the president of the restaurant association in a hearing on the Mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
Urban League of Greater Madison to provide FREE ACT Prep Classes and College Readiness Workshops
Read my blog post! Read it!!
GLEE OMG JESSE ST JAMES... WHY DOES HIS SMIRKINESS MAKE ME ATTRACTED TO HIM?
The Knicks couldn't win this game with an NBA live cheat code.
Voting for your buddy
stellar 9:45 show. Thanks for the pic and autograph to my hubby and I! We are ready for Talkin Walkin...
Passionate about green and organic? Or eco-style? Great at engaging people with your writing? Be part of our team. Msg me for more info.
The smile is a little scary "you want some candy little girl?" kind of scary!
I stinkin LOVE your voice girl!!! Good job 2nite! :)))
Spring game Sat?
RT #Virgo's quest for perfection is never compromised, and that's evident in the work you do.
So what if we shot one mentally ill person? At least we don't descriminate, we shoot all kinds of different people!
On pricing: $25/mo pricing level will be available soon. Hopefully that will open things up for more clients.
Agreed! RT I really wanna drive a #Hyundai Veloster! I think this car is a game changer.
Watch Out For Rockets will be playing w/ Halaska and Ichi Ni San Shi at 10p tonight!!!!!!!!
wait to u see me full twurkin...it will b a done deal lol
Went by Chop Suey this afternoon. Saw Octopus project sound checking. Such a fun band.
I'm in derby till 12 so should be there for 1pm? What's your postcode?
is awesome and works really hard, I think cold beer in the fridge for later will be a nice gesture.
JOINT CHAPTER TONIGHT AT 7 IN THE ALLEN THEATER!!
Are you in VA also? You know what we are going through!
Daily GTKY question: Kindle or Nook?
I have this dream of owning a night club in Miami when I'm older. I may be crazy but that would be an awesome life in my opinion.
VMA's at 9 can't wait! Who's ready for the MTV Video Music Awards?!? :D
idk last night I just started closing up.. Now I can barely breathe nor swallow
Also still wrapping my mind around the no dress code. Debated wearing jeans today, but I couldn't break the corporate cray-cray hold.
Awesome, thanks!
too bad you can't say the same thing about LSU-Alabama
Well played, I stand corrected.
Excuses, excuses...
always tell myself that I should go easy the first week back lifting and I still always end up not being able to walk for several days.
My 1st LP was Beatles, Yellow Submarine, but it lacked the movie song I wanted, so the first 7" I bought was "Nowhere Man."
One of the great things about owning a dog is walking around the house with a dog's nose up your butt.
Thank you for the follow
What is the funnest thing that you have done this summer?
Thanks for sharing! Hope your Monday continues your life momentum!
I love my little country boy. <3
These mfs think they still in africa with her sticking up & shit smh
how r u
yea but its still annoying and yea jonas ima have to figure something out
Its go time!
LONG NIGHT PARTYING... FINISHING SONGS AND GETTIN READY TO RECORD UP THE ANTE THIS WEEK!!!
Holy shit. I forgot how many people I follow that I dislike. I was looking through and thinking "school slut. Sell out. School slut."
White Chocolate Mochas >>>
Shout out to sponsors and tons of others!
hahaha what a dick
with a new mixtape "Cota Da Streetz - Green Brickz Vol. 1 - OFF SAFETY Hosted by DJ Holiday" download it at...
Saturday morning tastings...here we go!!!!
Happy #dayofdh to all, and to all a good night!
sorry I've been out of touch, I'm O as well. Please don't tell me you actually were in Austin last wknd! ?
Loveing shirtless derek and da tattoo he had ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
what up Karen
well I'm not scottish babe, I'm english, geordie you inbred!
Found out my mom has been following me around....
no matter if that venue pushes hate? Do you not have any standards where you use your money? We do!
Most people chase their dreams. I seem to chasing nightmares and running from dreams.
I am painting a ceiling now.
#TheBestFeelingInARelationship when act silly around the person you are with
Almost got hit by a car, almost face planted, almost got an asthma attack, but I managed to bike to Venice Beach and back!
I can smell the weekend! Can't wait to #Homebrew with
my step sister lives in Germany and luvs it!!
oh ya bo I RSVP like a month Ago
And now thanks to f'ing #OccupyDenver there is a camping ban in #Denver. What a damn day
Going shopping with le'daddy :3
Whatever pale beer we had on tap at the time. Usually you just grab something cheap.
Can my life get any worse..like seriously..am I ruining everyone's life cuz ik I'm ruining mine :/
i've had those. there are entire summers when i can't wear sandals.
me too
Anyone going to the game tomorrow?
“When life gives you lemons - take it, free shit is cool”
Very exited about CD release in NY on May 8 and May 9 at the Jazz Standard !!
Have you seen my fingerprints? I think I may have rubbed them off blending oil pastels.
i know, most people won't follow back, hah.
Enjoying learning HTML5 and JavaScript. #Microsoft visual studio is a pretty sweet editor.
congrats USA women.. good luck on Sunday!
Have I been out of the loop that much today? Donna Summer is dead at 63? Wow.
well I mean Haley your gonna say that stuff and then all this sorry in kinda pissed off
Nope, Pavement's Haircut is WAAAYY better.
haha how did I never see the 50s one?!
omg it is -____-
The day has finally come... the Beatles are on iTunes!
#ThingsWeLearnedOnTwitter any ugly hoe with access to Photoshop can look like a model..
The Redbirds need some practice...
Great day to be on the road visiting Indiana students and teachers. Today’s stops include Bluffton High School and Blackford High School.
Be the change that you want to see in the world. -Mohandas Gandhi
I'm the jealous type. The run the bitch over type of jealous...
I haven't read it yet, but why is #OnTheRoad a film now? Isn't the whole appeal the text/style in which it was written?
I invented Al Gore. Then, he invented the Internet. Now, you're here! Yay! (true stories, all).
We're all excited here It's great to have Shauna join the team.
when 12 year olds spell "come" as "cum"... >.> lol
That awkward moment when you forget to press "send" and your sitting there like an idiot waiting for them to reply.
It is Dragon!
Over the line.
Excited! Looking for Great Dancers today
It's going to be one of those nights. Can't wait to use my bubble bar.
Ryan Clowe hates puppies.
just file that under
see you there :)
RT : Young men who give advice, you should read the life of AW pink, and you will think twice
Welcome, and thank you for the follow =)
yaaaay SO EXCITED!
What a crazy fun weekend! Off to LA in the am for an interview. Will see where the wind takes me.
hah ight mayne. But if not enough kids sign up there will not be a team. and my senior year so i might as well do something
I am very ready to stand in judgment of these people! Guilty!
Congrats! We hope to see you in Aug! #FightOn RT : Super excited about being accepted to DPT! Now to decide where to go ...
feed me I'm fat
I want to follow me
I guess it's time I run far, far away; find comfort in pain, All pleasure's the same: it just keeps me from trouble.
is it open 2 the public?
I loved the HYFR video
Thank you for the follow. I care and support what you are about. Nancy
Mega talented SM professionals at #bulldogpr They GET #SMM & use their savvy 4 elating their customers
#Oprahslifeclass ends tomorrow. Say it isn't so! You've got to keep these going! What do you guys think?
I stay around the white like a nazi
Milk was a bad choice #imronburgandy?
Why isn't Jessy plugging as a great way to track students' math progress and growth??? :)
Tamron Hall is trending like lady Storm bringing the thunder & lightning
Can't wait to start working!!! #$$$
Sad day think imma cry
Happy Christmas Eve!!! Be Safe!!!
Yay going to pick my da up from the airport today!!! Haven't seen him for 3 WEEKS! That's a long time for me
ME EITHER LOVE THE SHOW
Omg. That spread looks amazing! Hope it was a very happy Wisco styled 14th bday for H!
maybe you should go to first service instead so i can get ignored even more
If only Google had some way of disseminating information to a mass userbase when its web apps (looking at you ) go down.
An amazing way to kick of Monday morning and into this week ... speechless.
not awesome, just awful
RT : Welcome to Twitter! Looking forward to staying updated with your office!
