Wish my 2 yr old didn't want to wake up at 6:30 like usual, but at least I have something to watch.
thats an offer i cant refuse!! I'll take it ;) *hug*
As bad as my insomnia is on most nights it's even worse at the fire station. Just cannot sleep... Last man standing, every night!
Great tweet goon
Damn thirsty ass redbone all in my face
blazers suck
I miss you!! I will be back for another visit at end of month. I need Twitter 101! See you soon...
i guess u could b both
Two kinds of #heteronormativity: My wife and I just planted a rosebush that came with a warning tag: "Asexual Reproduction Prohibited."
off to a great start.
2 of the classiest guys youll meet // RT : Love hearing 2 of my favorite guys, Ian Eagle and , working together
awwe y wernt u at ny :(
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) -- Gov. Mark Dayton has signed a bill to build a nearly $1 billion stadium for the Minnesota Vikings.
is great! & #Savers are good ones too!
Say somethin..? I dare you.
i was on a field trip and i was listening to ur song the whole time cause this girl was realy mean to me :(
can I help you locate this ? I live in Colorado Springs...Christopher
I do wish they would at least let us link our accounts. Yay for red envelopes!
This is the new and official army 👍
Wow! Thanks Ryan!
WorkRT : The hardwood stars of the regular season are made #InTheSummer. How will you improve your game during the offseason?
sucks doesn't it?
Yeah, well. Coffee and grading. What's a Snark to do.
how've you been? No new injuries, i hope!
There was a drug warrant in my building this morning - time 2 move???
The sun is shining bright and I can feel the warm rays of God's love...
preparing to interview Denise Albert & MG during DIFFERENCES' Lifestyle segment! We'll talk kids, boredom, fun, surprises & more
lol we'll talk in math tomorrow
Your peacock picture is so pretty!
The recent tweaks and pairing of Tungsten and Whitney are quite nice.
is punching a higher floor.
How cool was it seeing Johnny Deep on 21 Jump Street
Hay people the rock star is free...the pop star diva in me is sound...now i'm about to rap star theses hoes...
Rachel is so mature for her age!! That girl has TV series written all over her!!!
Super excited & nervous all at once!!!! NYU - Here I come!!! Ah!!! I can't even breath! Just payed for 3 classes!
Yeah, but I'm originally from that #816 Kansas City, MO! >> RT : Aren't you in Vegas though?!
Sizzling Fajitas--great for sharing! Delish!
chilling trying to get it wats been good wit u
hm...only thing on my calendar is the Brewers bus. Good thing I'm a Cubs fan! jusssssayin
Touche sir. I've been bested.
It hurts incredibly to think of all of this pain and sadness. But we should take the past event and learn from them👼 forever and alway
Just had the best pancakes in the world at #Orange in
Tip of the afternoon: don't drop bottle cap on the floor and proceed to step on it barefooted.
Look your best this summer! Start whitening now! We'll get you started with a 1/2 off deal! Offer ends April 30th. Call 757-486-4880.
You're parents are republicans? :( gee that must be hard to live with
Go Pats!
ALL TEENS! ITS GOING DOWN 2NIGHT INSIDE KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE! 8015 BANDERA & MAINLAND! ALL TEENS COME OUT. EVERYONE FREE TIL 8pm
you'd have your work cut out for you in my office.
is this the real Bailey from RNG or a fake account?(:
My laptop makes me angry
Pretty exciting concerts this week for a guitar nerd in Austin. Wednesday: Marc Ribot & David Hidalgo. Thursday: Wilco (Nels Cline!)
Hey now, don't blame men for that!! (But yes, that is frustrating....)
RT : Back in the good ole Mil
Thx RT : Prado is the best restaurant in the park. The Sculpture Garden is also great, and less-expensive
Reaching minorities through social media? Identify top bloggers talking about minority health issues & partner with them.
RT : Think the #2amt & #newplay friends would find the stream at #sitcon important/central to many national conversations....
But if Harry Potter and/or Twilight is what gets people to read, then so be it. Better than nothing.
I wish I got one. I'm not goin to alpha next year :'( probably gonna cry like a little baby on the last day
What's the Over/Under that Geraldo thought about Rush Limbaugh when he decided to make that apology on air. When has he ever apologized!
SourceForge, after a tequila bender with the boys.
I hate any kind of medicine that's like syrup, that shit is disgusting asf < 😒😷👎🙅🚑
#ImAlexsGirl HE IS THE OPPOSITE OF SALTY.
Pile driver?
RT : RT : Go buy 1 or ALL 5 of my posters here WWW.SHAYMOSS.COM
BUGS model worked on the first try. I seemed to have learned something from the past few times I've used it. :)
who'd want to see me and max do a acoustic cover of all i want by a day to remember?
Can it be tomorrow ?
Wayne Wonder touching the mike and receiving nuff love
anyone interesting in talking about getting together a "THATCamp" for tech in archaeology on the east coast?
Happy President's Day! For those with the day off, join us for special bonus daytime classes 10:30+12 at Arlington and 12+12:30 at Dupont!
I see that you are still going strong on twitter
It's not on our short list (at the moment), but I'll pass the title along to programming.
Sometimes my whole day is "thinking time" and I have to plan to do anything else
LBJ is on fire needs a BJ
When I ride my bike to work I am more creative, energetic, clear minded and less stressed. Today's commute was way too short!
Would you quit Facebook in exchange for $1million? Can you believe that 1 in 3 people said they WOULD NOT?
Good afternoon sir!
I did not jump with you guys. I probably won't jump for awhile considering 3 days after this last jump I got mysteriously sick :-(.
Open my body up and do some surgery now that you got me up I wanna taste it and see those pocket aces!
Lol probably true. They have special ops in this one. It's pretty solid.
don't trip off the hate dude. Got hella love for your work/art. Positivity
that'd be a waste of time, just like talking to u right now, I wasn't even talking to u, but okay hahahaa
you at school ?
So so happy and pleased right now.
#Imagine You and Liam are watching the stars at the beach. He whispers:''You're my everything. I love you.'' He kisses you passionately.
when power naps turn into tomorrow morning <
isn't it?! The information the ACS provides is important to any area by way of data, but especially to developing neighborhoods.
oh my freaking gosh! I've done that!:O Its scary as f*ck!
I'm only updating this status because T'Arah has just joined and this will make her happy. Happy now, T'Arah? Happy? Huh? Huh? :)
Ending up with a small bar of soap is success. The alternative is a smaller hand.
jay just informed me that, "if your single now you need a picture of your dick on your phone."
Registered Sacramento Process Server, subpoenas, summons, small claims, Bank Levy, Unlawful Detainer and much more 916-509-0677
#confession I like 2 have late night convos because a person is too tired 2 keep their guard up so u actually get 2learn who they really are
btw can i have a follow back? (:
But you went away, How dare you? I miss you.
Kobe Bryant for ya bitches!
Special day Brian Tracy and more surprise guests. MSMMFusionToday
went down shagging fly balls in BP. Probably a twisted knee.
Fairfax County Police are carrying out a search warrant on Black Chevy SUV believed used in allegedly #roadrage death in Alexandria.
Happy Birthday to Monty Python's Flying Circus, and thanks for all the laughs!
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of my #Irish followers!
What is a hurricane's favorite pet?-Anywhere from 1 to 5 cats
went grocery shoppin got everything I needed n more for >$50 n I bought expensive feta cheese. I know how 2budget. My gf calls me cheap lol
That awkward moment when a gay guy is driving and the GPS says "go straight" :D
I did that too. And dodgeball.
I'll send you mine--i mean hers.
your a mess
when ever i think of him i think of Fireflies by owl city. That was before he became a douchebag..
On the cellular device with :) yezzz sir
I'll be honest, I like where this is going.
this camera angle in this game is horrible. Thoughts?
it's always a pleasure to talk a little hockey with my favorite sports talk radio host.
RT for the fans But the brewers bullpen guys jumped in after conditioning in the outfield one day. Its hot with the roofopen
i have never changed my background or Icon since i made this twitter.
Nope I just have alotta friends :)
I meant didn't
the (political) grammar of apologies "mistakes were made by .... me" #ConservatismMeansNeverHavingToSayYouAreSorry via
thanks!! We're excited to take the fight to the general in november
It's not that I can't open the door for myself, I just want to see how respectful you are
It's time to quit
#askbilas If George Mason plays George Washington, do you consider it a one-on-one matchup? Feel free to add Robert Morris into the mix.
Something like that lol
Why can't it be 2:50 already?
When I die I want my last words to be "I left a million dollars under the..."
can u plz follow me its my dream plz you mean the world i cant express how much i love u. I love you with all my heart <3
find your headphones lol
thank you for the RT!
Welp, It's official, I'm currently BLASTING my new songs!! I love them!! The First one will be out tomorrow... or tonight?... hm.
Drinks cup of dandelion tea!
Thank you for your work to save Medicare. You have helped people and saved lives. Everyone has a Right to Health.
I'm bosh, he's james - we both receive RT my issue is trying to figure out which one of you gives and who receives
Oh so
Well beliebers, carry on with your jelena drama but if you dont mind im going to bed... Night. :*
yo were u at?:) i just came back from orangeville:)
send me an email with description if you'd like. all internships go through our Career Center. julie dot larsen @ utdallas.edu
girls secretly like guys and expect them to know, but get mad when the guy doesnt do anything.
no problem, thanks for following!
Half A Day Of School Tomorrow >>>>>
Catherine i wanna play you again so bad.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
my dogs a really good vacume considering he eats up all the food i drop on the floor in my room that im not gonna give an effort to pick up
I would love to have a family of mine own too! I love to have children also!
Trying to explain why I have carry all three hula hoops < They all serve a different purpose. Everyone knows that...gaaah
The second AFS dev camp is done. Like last time, we got things done, but it's never what we plan. Still we're getting there.
R.I.P TO MY BIG BRO I KNOW I NEVER TOLD YOU THAT MUCH BUT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH U WERE MY EVERYTHING. ITS GONNA BE TOUGH NOW THAT UR GONE
Hazy sunshine, 60s & low 70s next few days at the coast - with cool nights it's feeling pretty fall-like. Fall arrives 2:00 AM Friday.
The thought of living this close to you makes my heart flutter...
Yay! See you there!
Sure - I hope it's useful. How's the class going?
The Guy who i thought was Jackie Chan, his real name is Su....
DEMAND POLITICAL REFORM - Lets start a REVOLUTION. DEMAND ELECTION REFORM. The electoral college needs to go, Everybody's vote should count
how have you been crowned a "internet stalker extraordinaire"? wondering if should I be scared or elated by your follow ... :)
I am stoked for this week, Jersey Shore Season 2 this thursday, then Vancouver Canada for my birthday
I'm good, off to a social media event this evening. I mean why work, when you can party - right?
completed first two samples of Illegal thoughts cd cover
Chicago News: daily news, local news and TV news - WGN
Excited to announce we officially have info on 30,000+ Happy Hours nationwide!! www.gotime.com and on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
All good marketeers monitor the web brother man :P... but to answer you question, yes :)
Did some of our Consultants forget to take their "expert hats" off to become transdisciplined equals?
Sleep can wait, champions don't sleep past 8
First step to seeming creepy at the gym: Eye contact. Second step: More eye contact.
I play basketball everyday with my friend Domonic, who has down syndrome, and I don't treat him any different than everyone else
oh sure. I use that money for meth. You're so smart!
Just got back from the gym. Love a good workout !
Waking up early on Saturdays &lt;&lt;.
it won't let me DM you to win because you don't follow me. Boo!
Over 6 billion people in the world and yet I'm still lonely as fuck.
See ya
You picked tha wrong women maybe tha woman You need is different from tha one you used TO .....
About to make #twitterless Chase Deaton a
Buckeyes in the fridge and cake in the oven. It's been a domestic evening.
just got to heart of problem--tweeting or retweeting without verification.
will I have a nervous system after this weekend? good question...
fuck outta here , i'll lick my carpet clean before paying that much .
Awesome idea - use for in-person registrations at events!
hey there! how are you? How's Stacy?
Week #2 starts now. Week #1 wouldn't have happened if not for the patience, understanding, and support of my girl,
Beautiful evening to tonight! Temp 66 and low dew point of 30. Wish we could keep humidity this low all summer!
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway ~Eleanor Roosevelt
HOLLLLAAAA @ the AMAZING WEATHER COMING this weekend! Shiiiit just got reall
Signing up for Exploring Design!
NEXT OF KIN.
bout to knock out
let's do i!
I'm glad that you enjoy the new song!! Keep rocking out to it!! :) Love,
And every time I've held a rose, it seems I only felt the thorns. And so it goes and so it goes. And soon will you too I suppose.
Thanks - fun site! I snagged that photo from their FB Page.
The dragon was my personal favorite
First bonfire of the year!
GIF of Helpless Harper, please
how do you know what shit feels like?
Big come from behind win tonight for my !!! Good job fellas!!
illumicaregroup thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
only peed myself a couple of times...
I will post something delicious soon!
WOW - Deal with the same bs from mine. Like more than 5 hours at a time w his daughter is asking too much..ug.
Yes, you did! Very nice - no worries! I'll introduce myself for real the next time I see you.
A project is complete when it starts working for you, rather than you working for it - Scott Allen
Working full time can suck a pimple covered D!!!
'A man is playing #Golf by himself 1 morning - suddenly a genie appears, & offers him 3 wishes...' >> Punch Line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
I don't miss YOU, I miss what we had.
Free shipping for area codes 44144, 44109, 44145, 44138,44126 till the end of December. Contact us to find out more.
#JustinLovesAllBeliebers does anyone want to help me trend this?
FINALLY It's damn time u had in the clubhouse.Ask if he would ever guest host if you ever sick or out.
How was your first Day of Vacation ? Lol
Id might hit méxico in the summer.... Omg girls in bikini, piña colada, margarittas, ima go crazy lol and id miss my horses
I feel like chalkboard paint is starting to be everyone's solution to "how do I look creative AND paint my walls at the same time?"
If I had asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse ~Henry Ford
I have just about worn out "Something Fierce" great double CD from Marian Call
that's awesome! Maybe I will vote for Obama so we can finally have a revolution & end the #Republicrat charade.
Early Morning Love from STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT
hey um I don't know if I asked you already but can you follow me?
Everyone is getting ready for the #ClearedJobFair First the career seminar "Resume Tips & Tricks" #security clearance
Martin has me ctfu.
you should be hoping he gets to play at all the rest of the playoffs. If he tore it, he's done.
Is there a damn After Disaster tonight...
I need a D pickup from the waiver wire who would you take out of the following Buffalo, Wash, Minneosta, ATL or Oakland?
turns past into present, memory to action this #Halloween with Cry Innocent, where audience plays jury for
happy birthday man!!!
I hate Florida.
if they'd build a mcdonalds or taco bell there they'd be rich as fuck
it's not the votes that matter, it's the results. See you after school.ps I have 4 votes now anyway. Boom.
Its goin down 4 Dj's one club let's GitIt
I've only found a few, mostly east coast or south....
Box full of letters
Sometimes I wish cookies were considered a vegetable.
yep lol so wht U up too
thanks for coming and many blessings on your business.
I'm torn; her facial expressions irritate me but they're also kind of delightful.
Hey,do tall have a contact fot production?..i produce
I am she who sits in a parked car for 10 minutes doing business on a Blackberry at every location.
thanks for the RT.
Hour 6 of any tattoo is the worst.
Tons of calls this AM, app of the day going to be delayed...
Replacing the shocks on my Mazda.
Let the fireworks begin, Crush 'em Bruins! Go B's!
No one better talk badly about avocado in my presence
Alarm clocks give me heart attacks in the mornings! I Cant bare it!
yes! and legends of the hidden temple, real monsters, and angry beavers...it goes on and on
I look drunk but I was far from it! LOL
Loves all the cool shit Jenna brought me from SF!
Two grown adults blocking my driveway I kindly asked them to move. They decided to act all ganster and shit. GROWN ADULTS. MY DAD'S AGE!!!
yep let's fuck lol txt me
nope. Do not.
He was the guy of my dreams, but I think I’m finally waking up.
She always want to love me dats how to love
Party had no choice in the matter?
I felt a minor tremor and it shook the house. #earhquake here in SF
Really no more kits left? I need to get my summer equipment. Won't be able to wait until end of May.
How is everyone tonight?
i am and ok .so what about this me: *walk to the cruten
12. #Brewers 2 #Dodgers 2 in 8th | Tight game at the Park / fun to be here two games straight / let's win like last night.
good morning to u too. Have a good day.
national mix tape makers who travel doin shows n showcases..I been submitting songs n been gettin selected for random shit
I can't wait to be rich! Lol
shoe horn
My apartment smells like garbage. I'll open the windows a bit more. Hmm now it smells more like garbage. Dumpster outside the window. Cool.
I Love He Is Like Literally Apart of My Top 3 Heros! I'll Love Him Till The End, No Matter What!
Love is when you want to be the one to dry her eyes.
I know its hard to remember the people we used to be, its even harder to picture that your not here next to me.
the one you said you need to hang out more at Siu with
Cartilage Regeneration
lol - event season...i go back into hiding! ;) meet in LA this week? Off to Indy Monday for the
I'm going to for a fun Race to the Fashion event. Wearing my fab racetrack sun hat for the occasion!
HEALTHCARE- Would you rather pay $14,000 or $4500 for the same heart bypass oper and DR? Find out how? (The Profit Trap) www.amazon.com
LOVE that allows you to pay for tickets using paypal!
One of the biggest responsibilities of management is to look after the corporate DNA-THE
dude. There were shirtless hipsters everywhere!
Hard work pays off.
#RalphieMay sweet Lord this dude is funny as hell!!
huge sale of nonperforming first mortgages at Flagstar Bancorp Inc. reduced the company's nonperforming first liens by 70 percent.
so true hahaha
glad you found it insightful... hope you had a great weekend!
O.O Hello ghost of eso407
I Pray for the people I love myson mom fam mygirl friends & other god has blessed me so much that y I give all the praise wen I woke up
“: I think the greatest line Bush had in 2000 was "if Al Gore invented the internet, why does it start with w w w? #Dubya”
Jack the Ripper come and get her!
Don't you ever forget it either! Thanks! :)
don't underestimate us yet
cuz micah is saying that she didnt do that and im just trying to get her in trouble when i saw that slut in my backyard
Babysitting while the rest of this family is at the caps game.. Keh 😢
haha I saw the wpsd story flash thru my mind! Successfully avoided :)
I'm a phasilatator!
Working on contract extensions of our Software as a Service solution. Early clients that signed for a pilot, now signing mult-year renewals.
to be open minded :)
Drew Miller Scores, 3-1! Lights out Rangers!
Right. Thugs drive corollas. Now get back to POTUS at half-time.
I love golf
I expect huge press release from Pokerstars tomorrow or Friday.
What do you all think about espn's delayed coverage of the Bassmaster classic? Shouldn't the super bowl of our sport be live?
Aunt Lisa. You surprise-followed me. Can you tell Austin to surprise me by showing up on my doorstep?♥
Grab a bagel or muffin with a cup of Ginger Pu-erh tea on the way to work.
fireflies would have to be the Gayest song ever !
Breakfast with the moms now dinner with the a Lucky Villaintte enjoy your Sunday peeps ☀🍺🍔👍
You think LA is going to win 4 of the next 5? I wouldn't count on that
Taking mom to the hospital to get bionic. Prayers please!!
the duo tonight with &
I just woke up sneezing. I feel violated.
#digconf12 Don Katz of Audible & Amazon: "Publishers are spending a llittle too much time at lunch." Katz & DOJ agree, evidently.
You think Kennedy can handle the first draft of the release tomorrow, or am I pushing my luck?
The fact Im leaving the state of CO here soon >>>> #EastCoast ^.^
#GymPetPeeves Girlfriends social hour - you're hear to sweat, not gossip and annoy me.
IT is my hope that Punxsutawney Phil will see GREEN today...Please Phil 4 more years of actual growth, peace and prosperity
omg u sound so college girl :) Damn that lady D: she's a bad teacher,just bad,no sexy like cameron diaz lol hope she answer quick
By and large, choral conductors have worse technique than orchestral conductors. Shame. Singers need & deserve just as much direction/help
More data is created in 48 hrs than in 30,000 yrs of human history? Statistics like that never fail to blow my mind.
The big ask: What are your clients asking of you? What are your competitors asking about you? Answer and you get your focus.
You should just move in already. Enjoy sushi/cocktails tonight. I'm jealous.
Getting sleepy..
I'll see you for breakfast!
we mos def write our own stuff! Holla back at us
Bored so im gunna tweet. GOOD MORNING PEOPLE OF TWITTER!!!
Be sure to check for your Real Estate assessments in the mail Monday or Tuesday!
im with you on that!
thanks Kate, it was fun being in such good company. xo
One of the graduates of our local high school is heading off to McGill. I might too if I had it to do over again!
Tom Coughlin retires after a Giant Super Bowl win just like Parcells? We get Cower
nope! I got a solid B in there :) thank God for Ben!
If I got paid to sleep, I'd be the richest person in the world.
I have no one to talk to about my problems.
BLACK FUCKING TIDE IS GOING TO BE HERE IN TOWN TOMORROW AND I'M GOING TO MISS THEM BECAUSE OF WORK. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!
likes to rt a lot of tweets !
The word candy can be spelled with just two leters, c&y, get it?(:
My dream last night consisted of comparing and contrasting various JavaScript libraries. Yep. That's where I'm at in life.
Hawks are about to get to the semi finals easily
Overheard: "its really tough to describe this person without th word 'screw-up', only instead of 'screw-up', think of an effier word"
I thought you didnt like me D;
Were about to have a really good day tomorrow I love you
Love this song
Swag King Cole
Watching Sergio put people on Blast...
Welcome Mini-Marathon participants! We're located 2 miles from the finish! South on West St to Kentucky, right 1 mile. Plenty of parking. RT
This is going to be a long period.
Follow and get followed please try once
love it, lol
Any more edits?
hey ya know you stand a little too tall and you say a little too much? I'm gonna bite that know-it-all tongue
Decided to stop when I started thinking about ways to tie it to Manilius in the new writing.
Palin & Faux News lie in bed: "It's wonderful to be part of a place that so values fair and balanced news," Ms. Palin said in a statement.
You do your client a terrible injustice listing their property on the MLS with no photos. NEVER a professional practice. Take photos prior!
“: Aye Y'all Heat Fans Got This But Melo Go Snap After This Game Watch!”Melo can't win by hisself
Thanks to everyone who visited our booth at the Magnet Fair! The turnout was fantastic!
speaking of! You free monday for dinner?
Would you follow me???? That would make my day! :) Love you! <3
"Take away the right to say "████" and you take away the right to say "████ the government." - Lenny Bruce -- a reminder for
that's love
Pat Summitt will always be a treasure in women's college basketball. Her success has been off the charts as a coach.
I,m working at home in my PC.
Looking for apartments online
You are very welcome. Still enjoying your new state with real vitamin D?
u got it... Dominican cigars next Athens gig. Then "Athens cigars" aka fat blunts lol
RT Did You Eat It? video by +1 for "Did you have the invisible shrimp from the Gowanus Canal??"
follow back
RT : Beard Awards: Daniel Humm (11Madison Park) wins our country's best chef. Gives wonderful tribute to his mentor, D Meyer
humanities & soc sci have demand for print & digital, but not enough $$ for both
and I love the song u don't have to call even though it's old that's my fav song by him tho.. lol
What a treat. Found an EP Carillo short run robusto hiding out in the humidor.
7 years ago today I received the best mother's day gift ever...in fact, he made me a momma! Happy 7th birthday to my Will!! We love you!!
That's great. Suzette will be a great asset
#SXSW Day 2. Ready, set, GO!
This is Now- for all you time travelers!
NEW! 50 Killer Free Social Media Icon Sets
The RS are the Cubs? Really? What's that make the Rangers? In their history the Rangers have won only one playoff game...
As says, the problem with Obama's Afghan strategy is not that it represents a neocon victory, but that it is failing.
yes to on tumblr
After a weekend of beer drinking and eating food from Aldi, my only goal at work today is not shitting my pants
try public
NOTE: The website and magazine will be changing in the near future. Thanks again for all your feedback...
this tweet will get 1000% more retweets than ones that didn't involve abortion
Jason, you just can't seem to catch a break here on Twitter. Don't stop what you're doing though. Love your work, keep it up!
tina needa perm her weave . LOL
Trivia: A killing in Distortion was modeled after a killing in the Father's Day segment in George Romero's Creepshow.
have a nice day. honestly, i have nothing against you. you're just talking about stuff that no one should talk about. its over
I did text you :/<3
#fridayreads Started reading S. J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep. Read half and stayed up way past my bedtime.
So what we get drunk So what we smoke weed We're just having fun We don't care who sees
Thursday's Wing Night!! All homemade sauces.. This weeks special sauce: Spicy-Sweet Ginger Soy!!!
Relax with #yoga at 7:15!
Im in the hospital
- i meant u n ashlee bean but i mean 3 cuz i forgot christy yea n i dont talk to anyone really but u guys
And I love music, so everyone should keep making it.
My only wish is that i die real
Follow my cuzzo Love ya cuzzo
that woman is nuts and definitely not beautiful, at least not by my standards! Her confidence is off the charts though! Lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
ugh ima watch this movie bbl
Obama sends drones to funerals, then sends them back to kill first responders... And Romney is the "bully?" GTFO MSM!
Leaving My Phones Here & Everything.
I LOVE LISTENING TO LIES WHEN I KNOW THE TRUTH.
Wise words from RT Nothing amazing has ever been accomplished by staying securely in your comfort zone.
Liberty Elementary's Molly Adams will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
Just got back from New York city and back to work drafting contracts! Boy was it cold in NY. Sure makes you appreciate San Diego!
Thinking about you and monday kills me inside
I'm not sure what's going on but I've had an amazing amount of self-control and absolutely no chocolate this week.
'm leaving tomorrow! Mason better be here & If not he must wait til saturdy bc I will be back for a lil
using mucinex D, aleve, and triple action halls right now...lol! however, if Im not doing greatly better tomorrow, zpack it is
"That sounds we just raped the future and had a baby in the past." It feels good to have everybody together to write new songs.
It's always Hot here at Little Darlings!Come on down and get $2.50 Modello & $6 Absolut Drinks!Looking forward to seeing ya!
I just wish I could get it on a t-shirt
Beauty and the Beast with Fall weather outside, a little cloudy but the breeze is nice. God bless
So happy for Can't wait till he comes to Chicago!
ARE YOU ALL WATCHING THE USTREAM!?!?!
Here we go
is right now possible ? <3
are you in EST? so are we!
lol come down and u can go
I can't believe you got married yesterday! Omg.
Should teachers 'friend' students? - WTSP 10 News
That was an amazing fight. Bitter sweet for me bcuz I am a huge Poirier fan but damn that was the fastest 15+ minutes of my life.
When your director wants to waste a bunch of time and then blame it on the choir.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and receive without forgetting................
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they're making a difference!
Eating at Golden Corral !?
I got a ps3 but more people have xbox so prolly xbox will be the main winners console.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY USHER! (: :)
Ah!! Please follow me!! I wish you knew how much I love, LOVE GRANDE family's your amazing,Ari is beautiful,Frankie is funny!
Great news! Ryan Braun exonorated! #beastmode is in full effect for '12!
Hope everyone had a great Thanksiving! Back to work to try and crawl out of our food comas :)
- you'll just have to "lebron" before you finish.
you got dominated on that shot
Lots of Fusion Martinis were had tonight!!! Yum!
I wish the #nbaconferencefinals has extended series =[
Creed. April 26. Kingston.
Turned from the MVC Title gm to NY/Bos.. to c Rondo 18pts, 17 rebs and 20 assists...
Good luck (: one of my fave stories btw <3
Sunday Funday 's Come and enjoy a wonderful brunch from 11-3 with mimosas and bloody marys! Plus we $3 Big Beers, 45 cent wings,..
No doubt. I just listened to it. I like it sweetheart. Keep up the good work.
Breckenridge, 2001. Epic yard sale, icy blue run. Lady asks if I'm okay. I am. She says, "That was spectacular."
I make that approx every 3 years. That's some bs right there!
we talked about boys and shelby asked me abot josh and rane. and that shit got pretty intense. :/
it's thundering/:
Think I should change my #.. Stupid braud! -_______-
Thanks to everyone who came in and visited us this weekend!
counting my blessings for a great day. If it were pie, it might not have every ingredient but it's full, hot and delicious..The pie that is
its fun
You can lease a Fiat for $99 a month?! I should get one just for fun!
I can't compete with that sort of sex appeal, but I will rock the shades
we're very excited about #foundersnight. We have some alum coming in and we're playing A&M for the last time in the Big 12!
It's not attractive.
it is fun messing with homophobic people
Merry Christmas
Bring it!
cam pic up the phone
Clete Thomas with 15 K's in his last 18 ABs. Any way to put that one into context?
SINGLES MINGLE SUMMER KICKOFF!!! Save the date: June 9th, Nola's BBQ!!!! Tickets on sale soon...
I wanna go back to sleep .
MT : The FSHISD guys and gals were AWESOME. Fav catch phrase "You look like you need a little eChalk in your life!"
done. we love you RT : Bring your tanning oil and sunscreen and come cheer our reserve team on as we take on Colorado at 6
Worst contest ever: play Domino's Ipad game and maybe, just maybe, you'll get hired to make pizza at a REAL DOMINO'S. Actual commercial.
sometimes people say apologizes are long over due.
Good morning everyone. Hope you all have a great day!
Tucson Alarm is proud to be working on Labor Day. We aprreciate the business and will be happy to work on Labor Day. Bring it on!
Don't follow me because you want a follow back. Follow me because you actually want to.
#3AwesomeThings Doritos Locos Taco, Duct Tape and NHL Playoffs.
If you want, desire. If you need, chase. And if you love with a passion, see that your only desire is to chase after your lover's heart.
It is not the places that grace men, but men the places Agesilaus the Second King of Sparta 401-360 BC
Good Luck for your next landing project, I'm sure it will be creative, Best Luck!
Time to start preparing for Diablo 3 carpal tunnel by replaying Diablo 2 and LOD!
Our CEO, Bill Harrison explains why companies using mobile are still falling behind :30am in the Sonoma rm
I just got really annoyed.
Thank you for your constant support and kindness my friend.
Tips for playwrights: Paper currency is full of bacteria. Wear latex gloves when counting all your cash.
Maybe Jobs was the Disney of His Era?
Come in & warm up with our Pumpkin Pie Latte. While you're here, take us up on our 18% OFF Sale on almost Everything in the Bookstore!
Wow roller coaster ride fun to be back up to starting stack 30000 on second break
SCANNER: Cops going to save a freezing dog hiding under a tree on East 16th Ave. near Tower Road.
#JuliousPeppers #ThankYou for being a beast!!
-never let it be said that GT students shy away from creativity and humor in #ENGL1102 course!
more than Al Pujols...
There won't be a case of beer to be found anywhere in Bethlehem, PA later tonight - #Lehigh beats Duke
Is gonna be a long night :/
Awesome thanks, you're entered to win!
J/K
Can't go back to sleep.
Starting out with Patrick this morning..."because is sucks" isn't a good reason
Primary Election Day Tomorrow!
:) i miss talking to you!
love the ear ring
yes I'm finally 21!! Thank you and love you too! Can't wait to celebrate with u guys!
I'm not, but I can act like one. There are some hidden joints in the city, I love Rocky's. Awesome tripe.
wow, Congrats!!
ooh, we should compare notes!!
when matt doesn't want you to get higlhights in your because he likes it the way it is>>>>> sorry baby!
i am clarkin so hard right now.
“ #ambition is priceless... It's somethin that's in your veins”and I put that on my name
have fun drinkin those beers tonight alone cuz no one else is!
Sweet. Will call you tomorrow.
Hawks better be fearing the deer now!!
yes, all is well, trying to learn this twitter thing lol,..hope all is well with you too...
yes, the band (including Grace) runs this account!
About to go get a bottle its a celebration bitches
S/O to all the Moma who raising they kids like they got some sense
go to my blog to see whats up with me
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...it's our 33rd birthday!!! Celebrate with us with open bar and complimentary buffet 7:30-8:30
i'm up now, chillax
Check out some music conferences like to do some good networking - you can email me here: .
She's singing "Beautiful" by Christina Aguilera.
A working e-(c) registration system will require: vision, technology and money. Budget has been slashed, key folks retired
That's hot! I'm 5'8" too and I love Jean Paul Gaultier (even though I'm not really into fashion)
so i just found out there was a murder around the corner from my house last night :/
Okay. Next step?
YES SIR!
me too! We should do something
Madelou: "mobile voices is an opportunity to show the world that all humans as the US constitution says are born free"
I trust you.
Elizabeth Bishop is 101 today! "It's evident the art if losing's not too hard to master though it may look like (writer it) like disaster."
Thank You #Caps for not interfering too bad w/my plans of getting to bed early AND for another great game & series...look forward to next 1!
Good afternoon everyone, our September newsletter will be updated and sent out tomorrow.
im well :)
Thanks hon! Massage was great, I feel 2in taller! Lol
Bigons will be Bigons so just let me do me Let this Icon be Icon
another successful NoHo Diner wednesday! got a few good books from the library and now i'm in the captain's chair for the rest of the day.
ive been gone for some time, but i promise, big stuffs about to happen (:
interesting... i went to urgent care 1 day and they just put me on a lot of prednisone
listeners r loving 'Reading Lips' I bought it for radio AirPlay hope to be on ur servicing/radar list someday
St Paddy's Day Green Flavor ! Get you some-
good showing w/o KLOVE
Today is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be again.
that and eating watermelon on the porch sprinkled with salt :)
favorite summer read thus far, "Unbroken" Beautifully written story of a true survivor
Well... School was better than i thought.
Commission in recess till approximately 6pm
Have done many - trend following on 1D, day trading, a bit scalping (~10 pips). Now mostly swings and gap trading on Sunday
oh alright then, cool. I hear the best thing for fetuses is dorito loco tacos. ; )
Hey my sexy babies. D Swan is doing some improv tomorrow night @ the Neon Venus Theater. 7023 Melrose Avenue Hollywood, CA. $10...but funny.
advantage McCrory (esp b/c of his $ advantage) but it'll be close, Dalton will definitely make it compeititive
Cool! Will check it out!
Was that really a pic with Shit in the back ground lmao
Got my property tax bill. In Ramsey County, my market value down 8%. My tax bill up 14%. That's $500.
SUEDE is effen nuts and outta control its one and still a line wrapped around the building no joke if you missed it theres always next week!
yes it is!
that's all me.
Oh gosh. Abby shows such favoritism it's crazy... It bothers me...
here's my number, so call me maybe
HAPPY NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY MAHOMIES & ! 😊
He looked again
seriously could eat a whole box in one sitting.
hahahahaha just died..😂 such a good song..
Novak Attack!
Sometimes I can be such a Bitch
whys everyone leaving the tweeter?
um....hello. What? Do they not offer TNT on Comcast?
looking forward to more of your great ideas and photos.
I wondered but wasn't sure. Maybe just during the week?
I miss you birlfriend. I know harpers comin soon and can only imagine glow excited you are! Ps. Me and hill are comin asap!
#fridayreads Curable Romantic by Skibell & listening to Passage by Cronin, read by Scott Brick - my all-time favorite narrator!
RT : #Twitter trends have about a four hour shelf life.
I was doing SO good avoiding the office cake, but then got hungry 'cause I didn't bring enough for lunch.
hopefully your team isn't looking past the next game eh', I would love to see the CATS and Cards battle again.
omg!!! last ep. of HawthoRNe... This season was shoot!!! but omg detective Renada no.... TOM!!?
Don't let the cold weather prevent you from doing your outdoor exercise. Just remember to layer appropriately.
Alright (: good night
Looked at Nice condos for my sister! Awesome!
My favorite thing about daily mile is you can edit your entries unlike twitter or fb!
Freakin' Pothead ;D No For Real We Have To Smoke A Bowl Together..♥
No. We always had a yard and lots of kids.
I love to hear other chics snappin like me on a track bc hip hop is def dominated by men which is kool but we come from the streets too
digits#lost contacts
Happy Friday from Chilorio's! Stop by and see us before you start the fiesta this evening :)
This is for the summer, but we'd love for you to submit a post now if you like. Follow up with for deets.
It's irrational how excited I get for work
New menu at Einsteins! All new items for lunch, dinner and brunch... and some tasty new cocktails!
Sweating at the gym so good but so gross
Lol RT : I knew someone would catch the typo lol. You got me
looking good!
All that you accomplish or fail to accomplish with your life is the direct result of your thoughts. - James Allen
"one time, in band camp"
Are you here again?
Time to get drizzy drunk!
I also got so many of my friends in love with Kpop. I feel accomplished :)
Follow Us On Twitter
I cant wait to see you guys play in Rochester New York in April!
I jus had a good conversation wit the big sis via fb chat
An amusing
About to depart to San Jose for SVOD 2009
Ha! My craftiness at work.
Can anyone give me a shoutout? :)
there is no way to happiness. happiness is the way
Always moving one step at a time, whether forward or back.
vibrato got her more records sold, and rihanna vocal range not like that either
Didn't say anything yet.
The Living God IS heaven ...if He doesn't look like heaven to you it'll probly be HELL
Hahaha I have one person in mind... I'll text you(:
Even through the rough times your the best I've ever had and I wouldn't trade the world for you!!
bro text me real quick!!!!
I love Joker Philips and Kentucky Football! I had a GREAT time today!
#AAM2011 Online fever session: Student suggestions: Online alumni need to stat connected---that's a challenge.
Who wants to fuckin' party tomorrow?
When you find yourself in fear-based thinking or worry, take a deep breath and ask the Angels for help in elevating your thoughts.
I'm still using , though really I should rename my bookmarklet to "Won't ever actually read later". :-/
are you the guy from youtube (:
Someone please tell me why the one direction boys are saying #zap cus I'm pretty confused...
A friend proposed a strange invention: The prejudice box. You go in, expel harsh prejudicial language, then go about your day. Huh?
Sounds fun, can I come?
do you still like Rachel?
Absolutely! Thank you for the inspiration!
If you are looking to buy a new home or sell your existing home, our Agents here at Everett Real Estate Group can help you!
thanks for connecting on Twitter.
what does this mean hon
You're welcome! ♥ so what's up?
asked my h what he wanted to do sun morning. he said what about a walk at that rose place? me after long pause "you mean brookside gardens?"
Yep, esp. if they lose autonomy. RT : Julie, think its possible to over-engineer process for the knowledge worker?
We're so cool ice cubes are jealous
Counting #blessings not worries.
I'm not feelin good at all!!!!!
Thanks for the Malcolm X segment.
Any of you ladies wanna do brunch today?
This weeks guest list to be revealed this afternoon. Stay tuned!
On my way!
Doors are now open! Join us on the dance floor and show us what you've got! We're teaching Watermelon Crawl & Simplement at 8:15!
Yay! And I love singing that song. I think you're right about the ST styles!
how dare you
should i get snakebites or angelbites?
I was blind to the truth, just there to fill the space. Cause now you have no interest in anything I have to say
#ServiceLearning ""Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students." Cesar Chavez
when they play that new Jeezy, all them dope boys go craaazzzay
I just wanna see my boyfriend
Donald is excitedly planning his crib tournament on those cleverly crafted tables -- no charge to play, of course -- stay tuned!
. is fighting for womens' rights. Say you’ll have his back now and join #Women2012. OFA.BO/2dWDR
nope, but I saw SOMEONE from this weekend!
Straight killer , max payne .
Can go to meeting at work cuz the people lookin for me thanks to <<<<<< she told on me for an ultimate feast lol
Love taking shits at work
okay one line...nbd.
#oomf is such a great friend. Love you bear!
With money flying out of Greece and Facebook expanding their IPO we can't discount the possibility that Greece is buying Facebook.
You're walking down the street with THE "Lawrence Kasdan"?? That makes you awesome by proxy alone!
is a bassstee:)
hahaha, I am confident you realize this Gazelle will not be getting chased down by any such lion after recovery ; p
We hope you have an amazing time! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
RT : What was once #OverheardInYbor is now confirmed. It’s official, we just had our first run in with the Ybor shoe licker.
That awkward moment someone looks at your phone seeing all your conceded pictures of yourself...
eric dampier and the 4th quarter isnt a winning combination
has a few exciting opportunites in LA, CA! Looking for outside sales reps with B2B experience, preferably in industrial, environmental, or …
#Its2012WhyYouStill gotta flip phone?!
Thanks for your support
new season started and my TV was not working. Any Jazz singers on the show this time?
#naptime then headed to Michigan
Woke up in a really Good mood! ^___^
I'm craving Huey's so badly. Vegas... y u no have Huey's like the south?!
was it a good song atleast?
Enjoying watching the hustle and intensity of Hogs basketball again.
I don't wanna do placement tomorrow.
Ok call me today and we'll get it all done!
Lunch today at ! Craving the chicken tacos!
How about a compromise? "Eat chips, fondue" is cheeky, fun and delicious!
What's up with the drama. Dayum people need to chill
This has been a frakkin' crazy week, and next week will be even more hectic. Settling down with some tea in the interim!
It's hard sometimes. I'm better at it on breaks from school since Twitter is blocked there.
Just watched my partner argue our attorney fee/condemnation case in front of Wisconsin Supreme Court. Great questions, arguments.
‎ Amazing work!! have you heard of our #UWP Ultimate Wedding Package? www.espaceny.com/ultimateweddingpackage
Hey! What's up?!
Please welcome to Motown! The 2007 winner will be all over town tomorrow promoting the race. Welcome to Detroit TK!
just followed... follow back please? =) <3
When awakes she's gonna have a 4 page text from me full of my slap happiness!
I know everyone else is miserable but i love this weather
Sometimes I need that romance. Sometimes I need that pole dance...
can u give meh a shout out <3 tankx
Las Vegas realtors looking for a reliable pressure washer turn to Able and Ready when they want the job done right the first time
Sorry everyone I was moving I have not answered my phone.. please call me if you have any questions or text me.
the jet engine runs the blowers that dry the track. ;)
thanks! xo
good social media. :)
#SCTop10 #NBA Playoffs Lebron fires up right after his next snaps. Ah! zombie
kinda wishing i was a tween today.
hello there! I dare u to click my follow button! Dare me back if you'd like(:
john coltrane's - equinox.... mmmmyeah. take 5 at 6 is killing it tonight. I love 89.1 fm
#wordsthatcanstartawar "does my butt look fat in these pants?"
#NP "Talking to the Moon" by Bruno Mars
I arrived at school today for my morning Saturday class and realized upon arrival that today is Friday I am a day ahead!
S/o to for going live lastnight at his new club "CLUB GROOVE" is taking over these clubs in San Antonio
VOICE FINALE TONIGHT...
Follow please And thank you. <3
hey leo hows everything bro. really gotta talk to u. let me know how i can reach u privately....talk business. thanks
Thanks. I was thinking that would be another argument in favor of imaging.
I do it all for you...and I take it all for you too tho...
very weird watching the Cardinals without Pujols
If we can accept suffering as part of life we suffer less. It is the rejection of our hurt that hurts the most.
Just so we're on the same page, #Google's real-time #analytics are the creepiest thing I've ever seen. Crazy I can know all this about you…
Drinking spiced rum and watching Human Planet.
Finalizing some upcoming travel and realized that I might see twice in the same month.
wait till you come to Portland you won't be so lucky!!! ; )
Ive been texting #oomf all day! :o
I love you too!:) <3
thanks! I got it - it makes twitter a tad more fun :-) think I'm going 2do experiment similar to yours - I want 51+ score
Mind on another level question is where is yours
i try asking (: So how ? Training or lepak ? I lepak (:
ok hi
I'm pretty sure it was.
Surprise! is in the house!
yeh I only received the lyric too EJ I'm in the studio now and can listen.
lol :) Maybe you will win one yet! I can send pics :)
yes, i think so. but how?
Hangin with Beast Boogie of Vicious Germz B-Boy crew.
jumper in general>>>>>>
Ok 4th grade teachers, I have to get back to finishing in MY book, GETTING BOYS TO READ: QUICK TIPS FOR PARENTS AND TEACHERS :-)
open tryouts? I'd like open tryouts.
#ArtFact: Pablo Picasso was a procrastinator and often regretted not finishing many of his works.
We are here to answer any questions you may have! RT : St. John's. You still want me. I still want you. This is tempting.
Overheard in rehearsal: it's rude to vomit on a bros floor
Re-watching Batman Begins. Can someone please tell me why Bruce Wayne's parents get killed by some random guy? Why change it?
that's what I'm talm bout
Gotta get my priorites straight
CALL U? LOL MY PHONE ISNT ON
Check out the new home page of our website at www.richcomputerservices.com.........We have our Yelp Deal and TV Commercial on full display..
Trying to link my tweets to my facebook, I think I broke it.
Select a job to his liking, and you do not have to work another day in my life.
I'm afraid of the future, why? Yall respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter. I gotta take a final.
#imsinglebecause I can't bare to hurt you anymore.
A few more hours and I'll be flying to San Francisco <3
Oh shit. Almost missed the damn game
not this guy.. "I'll take one a them chicken fajita thingies"
Congratulations to for proving that only a real Christian can win the heart of a real American.
have u been to yet? Ice cold dunk tank and 220 degree sauna. So good.
One day lol
that is such a hard question!! I would have to lean more working IN my business :)
“: Fans that SCREAM on tee boxes are not #golf fans and should be escorted off property immediately ..” Amen!
PickUpLine: You must be a hell of a thief 'cause you stole my heart from across the room.
I swear he likes playing games -.-
The holidays R around the corner, time to shop for floors!!! Stop by today, opened 9-7PM!
Holy Moly #sxsw day number 2 was so awesome. So much learned. looking forward to day three!
Just linked our Facebook page and Twitter and testing it out...
Thanks! We keep plugging away!
but on the plus side hopefully less airtime for patrick.. and no story would be great.
I just wrote a really good post that was not a meme and Blogger did not save it! I am SO pissed!
I think usually "Freelance Photographer" equals unemployed. Hm
wow so cool me too x r yhu on facebook
HP Launches 3PAR Storage Performance Guarantee - TechWeekEurope UK
I'm moving to Danville, Kentucky--City of Firsts--two weeks from today.
get ur ass up itll work out :)
Closing in on midnight pacific time, feels like three, slept five hours last night, and I'm not in Hawaii
Its embarrassing living in a world where we aren't responsible enough to decide how many paper towels to dispense at one time.
#SignsSheGetFoodStamps i had STEAK last night
If you don't like pickles, does that mean you don't like cucumbers either?
Sometimes I don't know bout you smh
hey y'all just making sure you are open today? Be by to check it all out this afternoon!
Masters in 3D.
That is, names and all personally identifiable information
come on mike u can't expect ku to be good at more than one thing
i loved it! Doing wannabe Megalopolis moves in the lobby!
We did this weeks ago! But it wouldn't work when we made weird faces
I Swear I Love !! This Gurrlll Cracks Me Up! Glad She's Apart Of The ICONiac Family(:
NO is not looking invisible as they did last year & CIN is a major disappointmet this year str8 weakness from them no hunger.
No! Yesterday. Dodgeball today. :-)
Off to Jacksonville for UNF Writer's Conference
Though I'm still on the fence about living in the suburb where I will be working or living in a neighborhood on the edge of the city.
My brother mumbles so bad when he talks , it pisses me tf off ! 😠
You can watch the holiday lights from the back seat of a limo, relaxed and enjoying the company of your loved ones.Call usToday 602-904-6232
i keep a bottle of wine & fresh batteries in the house at all times!
I don't know, Sorry, dude.
I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture
Seems like decision to not advertise on says more about GM than FB. needs to figure out it's Soc Media strategy
Mickey's tonight! 10:30. come early for more time for fun
Get at me on instagram
Rep. Eric Cantor donated $25,000 to a SuperPAC working to defeat incumbent Reps, even GOP Reps! Electoral politics makes no sense. I Love it
Many thanks to YOU for the RT, Mrs. Lindbeck! Sincerely, SJH
oh well hope u can visit sum time :)
Great night with the family:D...Monster golf was awesome i won by 1 point...
I hate loosing more than I like winning -
Dam ! I feel like a good girl doing homework :D Im so proud of myself :p
People shouldn't send hate! :( ... Did he even, REALLY DM u that? :)
Great things are accomplished by doing small things well & with passion
Practice tomorrow after school...
Henry Rollins update: he loved Australia. Bringing you the most up to date news! Haha.
Omg. My parents would actually watch!
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read
We're recruiting warehouse workers for a large Pewaukee client! Interested? Give us a call or apply online today!
I don't wanna see you around, it makes it so much harder. Its impossible to have a good day lately.
omg i loved that movie when i was a kid.
Special this week: 17" TV, 17 dollars. 19", 19 dollars. We got acres of TV, the biggest video warehouse in the world -- Crazy Hy's.
healthydeals.com see what's coming next
This is honestly the last place I wanna be...
yeah good to c u again also
I will never wave my flag as a sign of...I give up!!!
#Karmaloop caramel soup
You were incredible! You made me cry, scream and sing all along. #DanceAgain Is my favorite and the next one(:
LOL, I think we're in a fight! ;) Not a #HungerGames fan, I guess? It's the second book in the series. RECOMMEND!
Who is this?
So glad I can join #engchat tomorrow. Usually I teach at 4:00 PST. Hope to see many of my twitter friends there.
Mike Crowe's shittiest job to date is trying to convince people Fords are good vehicles
interesting - it is a new definition to me. But a nice perspective.
#My #chest is #echoing CieraMariexoxo
Good morning, Lady!!!! What's new??
Why you so darn ATTRACTIVE!?<3. little cutey C:
Nice sweater, fag
First time visiting Definitely coming back... often!
Well said! You have a sharp kid!
Sick, thanks Eric. This is a great gift - a special thanx for weathering the bridal show by your side. Payback will be super sweet ;)
TONIGHT! FRIDAY, 3/9 in Houston -> Good Good Fridays x The w/, & at The Flat. | BIGGIE TRIBUTE!
I am genuinely caught off guard by that statement. It's like the day we became too old for Sketchuan. Time flies!
People don't save money they didn't work for.....
Two months since i met the ICONic Boyz(:
hahahahaha. Good man.
My dick cant breathe she give me CPR
You can always buy time with a well-placed thumb
time u log on aim, hit me up with a Twit-training session! :)
Part Of Me Is Tired Of Beinq Sinqle .
It just got really cold in my room.
we good. Car was damaged severely. Will see what insurance says
Stories are important to understand how we formed our value system.
Thanks :D
My buddy is trying to get rid of his Ultra ticket in Atlanta: $350 OBO
Eating dinner outside and watching the Bulls oh yeah
Many thanks for for #twittertakeovertuesday yesterday!
I'm weighing that vs seeing you after using a derogatory word to describe an eggscelent city. Both will be painful.
haha come by tomorrow!!
haha lucky:) mine started about 2 weeks ago
Kudos for lasting this long! I've already had a box of samoas and thin mints! RT : First Girl Scout cookie of the season....
I wonder if Captain America's girlfriend was Tony Starks mother.
Daedelus was at SEMF2011 won't be at SEMF2012...
Happy Friday! Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
u wanted to drink crazy! But weren't u feeling to good??
Morning! I am at home with a col do I will be watching H5O today. I have your packages all ready and should ...
Need to sell a house fast? Try HomeVestors America's #1 Homebuyer. Call us today at 414-305-2704.
Happy Thanksgiving from ours to yours!
well u guys always go out to 21+ places n I cant go with :P I kno same here!! R u going back in the fall?
of course! :) i totally just found out about last week! and i live 10 min from their storefront!
are you planning a great mothers day for mama mahone tomorow ? :)
Can I get a follow back please. Desparate for followers. :) ;)
Make vegas happen. No better place.
Its Easter weekend all!! what are your plans?? I intend to SLEEP!!
Excited for face/off tonight! Thanks Renee George!
omg omg ONE DIRECTION.
Home sweet home. Priceless. :)
Happy Easter :)
need to clean my room
My dad's drunk/confused friend who guest-dj'd for 20 seconds announced the title as "Cheese Is An Angel" if I recall.
TOXIC TUESDAY!!! $2 EVERYTHING (beer, wine, mixers... no redbull) Seriously, everything is $2 so come down and get your drink on. Starts @ 6
Will tweet me sometime today? <3 o;
RT : Do the "profits ahead of people" folks understand that unprofitable companies don't employ anyone?
Knock KnockWho's there !Cuba !Cuba who ?Cuba wood !
Lil twist deleted his twitter :(
Morning twitter!
RT : The poor are just as precious as politicians, professors, the press and others.
I totally agree!
I've been too busy to do chapter 12
Okay, church website. Design thyself!
Scrambling to catch up so's maybe I can in home a little early today. SCRAMBLE SCRAMBLE SCRAMBLE.
When you believe something can be done, your mind will find a way to do it. Eliminate the words 'impossible', 'can't do', 'won't work'.
SCHOOL CLOSING: Saint Thomas More High School closed due to flooding in some classrooms.
im so bummed I missed the chance to hang out (& meet ya, joe!) Hope you had a fun night and Im in next time!
u wanna go christmas shopping wit me tomorro or friday
i had to do 5 but I only did 4.
"That is some man hair. It's like a walrus with a mustache crawling out underneath" Going to miss &
Just got my cookie package - they taste so natural and full of yummy ingredients!
Great to see you too! Lots to talk about, never enough time ;)
DeMarrais: Consider rewards card for summer travel: By KEVIN DEMARRAIS In planning a summer vacation, don't overlook your plastic bec...
from yesterday?!
gn world, tomorrows another day!!
not good enough... Later💔 keep me in mind😔
I didn't get the funny part
My hands, they are so cold tweeting on this Green Line platform.
Ethical exploitation of audience? Seems like a big hurdle to tackle. Not us manipulating them but them playing along with us.
Just discovered full metal jousting on history channel.
okay I'll look you up. (:
words going around that u give free anal rim jobs.
I want the personalized M&Ms for my bday!! lol and have them say I LOVE TANYA :)
I only use the handset SDKs to test mobile web apps on the emulators. Are you working on a platform-specific app?
the lies“: She said...She thinks its Sexy tht I'm half Rican!”
so they want me to go to metrop thursday so i guess ima go
he's going to work there
you won't
Hahahaha. #pathetic. You wanna run your mouth and dish it but run to the cops or daddy when you can't handle it anymore. You're a punk bitch
I would now like to ask how many concussions Plummer had...
"Quote" of the day@ If one is going to #change things, one has to make a fuss and catch the eye of the world
was pleased to be a part of event last evening! Always glad to see full clients. We will be seeing you again!
Btw dr appointment and echo showed meds are not working. Onward to the defib dr. Essentially my heart is slowly grinding to a halt.
People DO read my Tweets! I can tell by my website traffic metrics. Thanks you guys!
Need. More. Sleep.
What's for dinner? How about: Salmon over corn cake or a grilled flat iron steak. Maybe a veal stew or pork rillettes? Veggie lasagne, then?
at least once a week.
why are u writing/spreading these LIES about a deceased defenseless person like Norma Jeane..just so u can make money.
Come to my Champagne seminar 10:30 Saturday am!
Stop running into my car! #please&thanks
Lol I see you!
In other news, water still wet RT : Agencies still struggling with electronic records management, NARA report shows
Have a very merry and blessed Christmas everybody!!!
dude..I AM THERE
RT : Myth: I can't do anything for a person with #mentalillness. Fact: You can do a lot, starting with how you act and speak.
25 days without my iPhone. Sigh. Back.
That session sounded interesting. Hope you share more about what they say.
Tough call. Middle seat up front works for me because u r closer to the plane's center of graveity so turbulence has less effect
Yep..great stuff Thank you!
This meeting is going to be a huge waste of time.
dislike for you has a lot of people pulling for Kentucky I'm sure including this guy!
The college professors and other goo-goo types never liked Your Mayor, but I was always a man of the people!
Read about your BK win. Big congratulations!
Over the 11-day break will attempt to read 12 art magazines. And 2 artforums. Not feeling so positive about the latter.
At #TheMustangCafe With Bea, Bobby, Mommiee & Billy, (:
I HOPE ALL LOCAL MAHOMIES GOT TICKETS TO THE NYC CONCERT :) you all deserve them !
Order your quilt in the month of August and you get a cupcake to celebrate QBQ's birthday!
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 104
.. your mom is putting on an amazing presentation rite now .. #loveher =)
Reunited and it feels so good
Haha! Well I think you're awesome enough for a #txst shout-out anyways. You are the new VP!
You know what would be awesome? Breathing. I would really like breathing, I think.
I love that you love the Ravens
DD is on tomorrow morning at 9! Tune in and find out about our upcoming social media contest!
Watching Deadly Sins: Pride...more scandalous behavior
i think that chicago hates austin, everytime he mentions it something always turns out wrong :( but its ok i love u austin! :D
Take control of your credit score today!
why cant you ?
"tweet not sent , saved to drafts."
DREAMS FOR SALE: sell them to you cheap Reality can be expensive
oooooooohhhh awesome! Good excuse to get together as well
let me see what I can do
Tough game for the #bulls tonight !
Don't compare me to those lames...I'm nothing like them...
or in the case of your mother
I'm in my scarlet, are you? Come join me on the Buckeyes 101 Game Thread! W.buckeyes101.com
pitch your article to the site email.
sometimes, perversely, you can get a cheaper fare going somewhere else that connects at penn station, then just hop off.
"When everything appears to be all wrong, you must search for the one thing that is right"
I'm too pretty for this shit >:c
- nice meeting you in Vegas at the burger joint! Hope you enjoyed your group and the scene
If we go blackmon, D.Martin, weeden I won't say ill be thrilled but ill live with it. Not a dream scenario for me
it was pretty upsetting.
Also, I just sneezed nearly 20 times.
will be there tomorrow nite with auction winners thanks to ACT Today! supporter and winner of ACTivist award, Tom Bergerom!
Program my number b4 your bootycall numbers 713-222-7577. If you do, you might just make it where you're going to get that.
I saw #Dadism was trending and got really excited...until I realized it wasn't
Um nothing unless laying in bed before 10pm counts as doing something.. I need motivation to go out tonight! Lol
1 Assignment done. That was fast.
If you truly love someone, you'll forgive the unforgivable.
We are back after a little break from Twitter! Got #photography news?
I'm not feeling so well...I miss him...and I'm in a bad mood...I got cramps...I just want it to be Monday. goodnight.
haha yes it's hilarious. Also term contracts exist so that actors couldn't abandon a show in tech.
Have to read my email to make sure I'm reading this news right. Read it three times and I'm still shocked.
PSHT that can be our alcohol money. DO IT AGAIN.
#50 Bro, what moves you will eventually consume you, are you moved by the things of God or the things of this world?
Listening to all day. I'll never get tired of their music.
Care to follow me ?
Behaviors of high trust include get better, confront reality, & clarify expectations
Schools in England should have to demonstrate how they are building pupils' character, an independent report int..
"Game and Learn" Podcast - Outstanding! Thank you. Next Revision???
Kudos to the Illinois Dept of Public Health for offering "Text 2 Survive", which is a new text service aimed at stopping the HIV/AIDS virus.
Sum bitch keep tweeten me. Wtf?????
I asked the nurse for something for my allergies and she gave me tissues
New episode of The Walking Dead tonight! A cathartic social commentary or good ol' fashion zombie killin'?
Hate forgetting my charger at work .. Goodbye phone till tomorrow
keep going man! Everybody knows UGA has been soft since Van Gorder left. Nice guys don't win #SEC championships.
HB1271 recognizes the large body of research showing that prosecuting teens as adults makes it less likely they'll be rehabilitated
Who has sympathy for this morning? She's recovering from mild sunburn incurred during her honeymoon in New Zealand.
It's okay! Don't feel bad! Yeah, it does! I'll look in a little bit.
I heard you have a good sense of humor. :-)
Apple officially has more cash than the US treasury.
Hood Nigga- Gorilla Zoe just came on pandora
Those people that are able to wake up and look like supermodels... Yeah that's not me...
Still open until 5pm today, and again 1-5pm tomorrow! Come see us at Country Club Estates (Westlake) or Ventanas (Avon Lake)!!!
are you sending me viruses?!
Looking back at mine and 's texts last night >>>>
#NotAPrisonThemeSong Birthday Cake- Rihanna
The main guy is a bit of a conspiracy theorist: he hates chemtrails. You might checkout for more on that horrible practice.
nice site and article. Your work looks amazing!
Gigi is singing for me "Faithfully" she says she would only do this for me...
you are an angel. :)
Stories about people who have achieved their goals, material or spiritual, evoke the desire to do the same !!
Bone Thugs flow
Cann you Please get to Follow me ? [:
ikr I miss ya dude!!! U should txt me sumtime
I just wanted to cheer u up:(
I wish I was a little kid again.
never-ending finger-pointing if Vitt blames GW, maybe RG figured that was most they cld give?
Sad that ur not returning to XFUSA but wishing you the best & much success in all ur future endeavors. #KillerLove XoXoXo <3
didn't just kick my ass at Galaga, he got further than anyone I've ever seen.
that's cool. Where's Livingston? That's where has a ranch and lives now.
Jesus answered mine yesterday ☺👍
Meeting with Bentley student leaders tomorrow. Let us know if you would like to chat!
al gone
“: lol @ me always being a bitch.” same here.
SAGA TONIGHT All black affair 18+ welcome. Come and enjoy the night. Peter Blue hosting the party Dj Mystik in the mix! 8779 wurzbach
Looking for a vintage-y country location for an album shoot, nothing cliche. C'mon Nashville peeps, help a gal out!!! Shoot is on Tuesday!
GO TO BED, JAVIS!
everyone knose im a sucker for a bella
Easy to switch over too an iPhone on AT&T. :)
I said NOT a hoe bag lol
Hey Tim! Thanks for the retweet.
fasho wish i had ya number
cant take this long distance relationship anymore. Fridge.... you are coming to my room.
Sometimes the people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it."
“: Hipsters, just because you use "Instagram" does not make you a professional photographer.”
Gmail. I love you and all, but you make designing newsletter templates a pain in the ass.
- Hope to see Chicago show in July but will do the Red Rocks shows in September.
Its funny, I didn't make the Debbie Reynolds connection until I watched #SYTYCD. I only knew her from
you can take mine but then you have to breath fire.
Chuck Hamman urges his local superintendent to consult pedophiles to design a "universally unsexy" mandatory uniform for students
hey please follow me back :)
Heading to Coffeyville, KS today. Helping an Hispanic church get financing for their building.
Grossman, who knew he would score #redskins first td of the day!
this is a great PPT! Thanks for sharing!
Everybody watch Twin Cities Live on Monday at 3 - they are doing a segment on kids clothing and accessories and they may show my kids hats!
damn #20MILLIONBELIEBERS oh my :o
Got offer to invest in xbox game development, interesting stuff XNA
WORK IT RNG♥
when I get a car, i'm going to always leave my windows down and my car unlocked so I will never leave my keys in my car
I refuse to pick up my phone when I see "Unknown" is calling. No thanks, free cruise trip.
Thanks for the book reference!
Iv got money to blow
22 songs to learn, a week and change, and I will be Costa Rica bound for 5 days. TO WORK! #gig&getaway
Man plans and God laughs
