“the most beautiful adventures are not those we go to seek.” - robert louis stevenson
wishing good luck at #headofthehooch this weekend! Brave the cold TN mornings!
what's your field I can check around
Please follow me and tell ur friends to follow me!!!!!
Being a good Auntie and watching the three monkeys tonight.
cool wit me I hope u have a great time and don't worry bout shit in Atlanta!! :)
any chance of you offering stems for shutemdown? man that song slams bro.
got to find a day that works. when are you free?
Pretty pumped to check out the Rockies and Phillies at Coors tonight
seriously though... too many girls would die...might be like that Jonas Brothers episode of South Park...hahahaha
My HTC has a 4.3 inch screen. A bit larger then an iPhone, but not too big! ;)
listing things that start with the letter D: dog, dance, donut
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard... Sale.
& of course no one gives me the link to the trailer...
Lol well it worked
Catered lunch is the shizznet
Good--I hope you do. :)
#FF Follow Friday
I am wondering why Dennis Humphreys wants to follow my twitters?? But more power to him!
Lamborghini mercy yo chick she so thirsty
get all the best off-beat sports stories in 1 place USSportspages.com
haha. I am sure you could use a pedicure or two
A great job today by Eric and Hector
Old Chicago downtown with the gang! :)
ctrl-z. really works.
did you leave Maggie upstairs or somthing?
Looks like we're drying up. Come see us for a hot chocolate and a breakfast sandwich to start your day.
Heck yeah! That was prob Tom, the man behind OBP.
Rick Santorum tells crowd in Sheboygan "Wisconsin is a key state."
Up in benihana eating up all the wonton with ...
#Photoshop #CS6 downloading now!
12/5: ISC hosts a fishbowl conversation re: info in sports and society with a discussion centered around MoneyBall. UW MGH at 12
When/Which?
where's miami?
Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them.
#WWE MITB preshow starting... Not been so pumped for a ppv in years. Cannot wait to see Punk win and go out like a legend!
Crit Thinking: Bertrand Russell's Reference requiring that no evidence should be accepted without proof is called Critical Scrutiny.
as always!
D.Wade need to turn it on.
Working with Cesar Millan - "The Dog Whisperer" -If you want to know more about that side of my life, connect with me on Facebook! Ron Nash
Sorry, bro! I love ya, but gotta go with Chris on this one...MJD is my 3rd overall behind All Day and Matt Forte.
Oh, one more thing for the #Catfish - keep the name out of your mouth, K? Thanks.
I like.
Prop 8 overturned, now that's more like it!
There's "Analyzing Freud" (Friedman) but I don't know others... let us know if you find something interesting-
I was So excited to find out I had my first "follower" . . . turns out it's spam.
Growth everywhere. I lived a couple blocks from downtown, I should really get back down there, I loved it there in 1990.
You in LA right now?
LOL or just not versed in pop culture after 1965!
Good Morning World! Sliick In Effect! New Mixes Today! Stay Tuned In!
why do i have the mentality that will actually tweet me? -.- #ilovehim ): ):
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Costume Design, Resident Production goes to... Kendra Rai, THE GREEN BIRD !
talk about nyan cat :P
Here comes the first of three exciting, fun, crazy weekends -with homework and quizzes as the break between.
Damm not wasting time at all first day! lol
Freelance work?
just wait, it only gets worse
and staving them off with the ferocity of a brilliant success unwilling to accept mistakes.
You can't be stoped on Madden!
drummer boy and mistletoe
Thanks for following Tina & Welcome!
i love dat i watchin #40GreatestFeuds on and bout 90% of them are over twitter. lmao oh twitter rich people r funny
The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read With loads of learned lumber in his head
damn cidermill huh?!? I like it...wouldn't mind getting juice wit u
You're still thinking about it #realitycalled RT : "Before you came into my life I missed you so bad" =great line.
I'm sure you still look adorable doing it :)
Bernie Madoff taking his talents to Wall Street
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me1
oh sister...it's a long, YOUNG story. :)
Covers of Beatles songs should be banned by international law.
You and me both. And frankly, I've had enough of it. That's why I'm on the campaign trail.
My Whole Life Has Been A Story.,!
Sometimes, when you imagine a perfect guy, you realize you've described a person you've known forever
In totally kind or kidding.
Sparknotes here I come!
Coming up it's "thing you need to know" and at 7:15, it's the Tuesday Morning Talkie for lunch for 2 at TJ's tavern; be here on Generations
We had such a fantastic lunch at Thursday! How I crave that sticky-toffee pudding.
Go c #ThinkLikeAMan great movie!
#FF for great coverage of HS Lacrosse and a little Orioles ranting!
a burrito .
CHECK THIS NEW JOINT PROVIDED BY ..... aLSO CHECK THE DRUM KITS AT P5AUDIO.COM.....stop getting the same recycled BS
Gotta pee but its to cold......
Im hungry...in the mood for some burger king.
Discussing views on 's #AIGA50 & mutually known designers & with 's at !
#RaleighRAW is looking for a DJ to spin at our monthly artist showcases! If interested contact !
Thank you for sharing your Piemonte experience in , great read!
BTW, I wrote a book on Betty Crocker, so your 1972 Dinner is Served is right up my alley!
just getting underway in Cincinnati. Bring on the first team.
will you make me one too :)
I guess it's time to retire my old driver's license. We had eight good years together...
Stuck in traffic on Johnston listening to NPR and working in an essay, in my head, on why I wear a cap.
Madisen is Shaunie, Antanae is Evelyn, and I'm Tami. Lol they said I had to be Tami because I'm mean. My language is NOT dirty though. :/
I love you.
Aww that's so cute! Your brazilian fans love you! :]
Awesome! RT : playing with #drupalCommons, getting my head around Panels/Pages, and loving the intuitiveness of Badges
Right back atcha Mac! It was a blast to finally meet you!
Like any generalization, spot on - generally. RT Social Media: CMO's love it. COO's are afraid of it. And CEO's are like wtf?
yes he will b 7 on the 19th.
You've given us ideas about our "parent" organization. /
#inferenceandethnography recurring theme-->chains of action
go to www.youcanstopobama.com! Sign the petition.
i have to ask. what is Namaste
Free classes tend to bring in uninterested people and the retention rates are really low. Not recommended
I look in the mirror, my only opponent.
I love NASCAR to. The power & love to "thrust". ;-)
And it's 4:45 already (time flies!) so, last question...
Been so long since I had a day off that I'm not sure how I want to celebrate. It's awesome though!
LET THE MARCH MADNESS BEGIN!!!
LOVE IT! Color club is a great nail polish line!
I was sad to see you are no longer following. Have a great week
Home making fresh tomato sauce after a good day @#blogher'10!
Can't get through the day without !
Frustrating times...
what else happened??? Lol
Seriously, I am marking out so loud at that remark right now its not even funny. I use Puck Yourself all the time.
#Gotye and #LanaDelRey are just amazing! We are really enjoying their music.
oh boy...you're not a batman fan or christopher nolan? : ( haha I am SO excited for it. did you not like dark knight?
dangerously close to my home base. call me if you're down to keep drinking? will have to hit that keg asap.
Only my mother would have designer cases for all of her apple prosucts' cables, yes for the chargers
I don't fucc with the Cops and I really don't fucc with Narcs
Yes, yes, yes. #goblue. #Michigan HC Hoke talks about the 1st night gm at Michigan Stadium vs #NotreDame youtu.be/Etc11Lc4j0Y.
Tonight's show at The Whipping Post in Union beach got canceled due to a downed power. We're very sorry but the show will be rescheduled.
the only thing the will be taking from us is a beating
Trying to control my stress tonight, which is WAY OUT OF CONTROL. At the 'missing out on life' stress stage, so... here goes nothing!
... so when was the last time u had the hicccidyups? lol
that sounds good, ESP since I just OD'd on mojitos. If only we knew the Mayor of U Street (ahem)....
Thanks - Wishing you a happy heart month and Wear Red Day, as well!
great job! Hope my next half is that speedy!
i remember, being the worst kid on the block...and turn out just above ok
Go Stars
It WOULD be, but chances of that happening?
Sleeping away for early wakeup for school ;( not lookin forward to it
Thanks for watching! We really appreciate the support:)
Nikon Store's email offer this week ... wait for it! It's ... "FREE 2nd Day Shipping!" (Hard to get all hot and excited about that one)
Goodnight y'all #godbless #DesperateHousewives lover forever
boyle was left speechless by hamilton's performance let's be honest
awh im jealous... il b here
we're on fire! it's been an epic day of procrastination for me.
Hope you are having a great week! Thanks to everyone who came to the show. We had a blast! Hoping to post a video in the next couple of...
I stay high cuz the world is so low.
did I ever tell you about the time we got pulled over in Novi twice in the SAME NIGHT?
Someone ate the tomato balls :(
�PR people are doing themselves a disservice when they just treat journalists and bloggers like cattle
Thanks for the the follow, We hope you love our Style!
Never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake...
a MUNI pet peeve: when my butt and some other guys butt keeping rubbing together and he doesn't move. Sick of the butt rubbin!
Cotto needs Jobu's rum right about now.
I love walking into my office to do reference emails and find only a handful.
We're in a holding pattern. Mommy is good. Daddy is pacing. Lochlan is getting ready for his big debut.
: thank you
Dammit D.. Did you forget to listen to my pregame speech this morning?!?!?!
So are the Broncos going to sign Jim Sorgi to backup Peyton Manning now?
That's awesome. my gf works in a tough school they would love that kind of insight.
Misery, despair, and too much caffeine can only mean one thing: another all-nighter in the library.
#lax house
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-52
Wolverine is the Batman and Robin of the X-Men franchise. Surprised it didn't kill the franchise.
7 month anniversary!!!! Tonight is special ❤
2 days of school
Rangers Catcher Mike Napoli took cell phone video of the storm at the Ballpark as tarps blown around infield. His video on CW33News at 5.
What a dunk by DeAndre Jordan
Congrats to AP for winning Pultizer for investigating NYPD's spying on Muslims. Kudos to &
#BigBlueWreckingCrew Lets go boys!
#TrueConfessions I am a liar, I care way too much about looks, Im not always the funnest to talk to...but im trying to turn it around
Dont follow your dream... Chase them :}
hey buddy!! (Hug)
Loved our scenes :)
Trying to write song lyrics & remembering why I don't do this very often. It's so much harder than it seems.
awww that's so nice of you
Where they filmed Dance Moms Miami is 5 miles away from me lolol
Unilingual: side effects include loneliness, being left out, forgotten, and depression. Talk to your teacher to see if it's right for you!
Congrats to Palomar on a great recording in millennium park. Audio will be posted to the acm site later this week.
Oh, we'll put you to work, don't you worry!! :)
help me get some followers plz and thank u:D
To work hard and dream of a perfect story.
So thankful to go to MOPS group today & share a devotional. Good times.
Austin. Mahone. You stopped breathing didn't you?
People try way to hard.
Ketosis. Body switching from burning carbs as fuel to burning fats.
I'm going to. I was a bit offended when u said I should take it down...but nvm, I didn't see it(:
either you think I'm stupid or you're an awful human being.
Video's a bit too salesy, I agree. They're an ethical company, but need to dampen the hype and just show value. Thx for the chat.
#NextStupidRealityShow niggas baby mama is pregnant and still fuckin
Hows $200 sound? I saw you said you'd like to get at least that much.
See everyone tonight at the MN State Fair at 6pm! That's where I'll be on stage at the bandshell! :)
Hall was so wasted he needed two people to help him move. He couldn't sign autographs only take pics and his eyes were half closed
I'M LOOKIN FOR A GEMINI CHICK
Me too!
I voted good luck to your friend!
Just got through cutting the grass. Such a great day outside!!
My thoughts are with Rep. Tamara Grigsby, hoping for the best.
The 2012 list is complete! To be unveiled soon... 101 new things to try in the upcoming year. Whee!
I wonder how old Jenna Jameson's twin sons will be when they realize they weren't the first two guys to be in their mom at the same time?
Landover's not far, I guess....hm...The old P.R.Harris Educational Center site would make a nice facility.
Up next: "Acrosonic Tonic" from 3-4! (aka the show of the person who updates this) Requests are welcome!
I was disappointed with the Grey's Anatomy finale. Kepner should have died. Not Lexie.
What Dickie V, Jay Bilas, or any other media personality say, won't change my opinion in thinking the rule is good for CBB
Nice shot, Tom.
It's the 2-week PhD workshop for online students in Texas Tech's TC and Rhetoric program “: What is #nar11?”
How I managed to stay awake all day, is astonishing. When I get home, I'm passing #TheFuck out.
Now that my days of Extreme Commuting are numbered, I plan to slow down and enjoy it.
Happy Mother's Day to everyone! Make sure you tell your momma you love her<3
Oh my....my face DID get rather sunburnt today...holy tomato
If I were honored with a lifetime achievment award, the highlight would be "jumped bmx bike over ramp into cul de sac, age 9"
Free..... Is there a such word anymore..lol
Managed to snag tickets to the sold out run of Festen tonight at Steep Theatre. See you there !
Hey dear how was Vegas?
A i let dis nigga get da FMG sweater niggas been hittn me sayn he been wearing around heavy i ran up on him n autograph it
Do you need to choose a school in Detroit for your child? Don't worry because Excellent Schools Detroit is hosting a school shopper...
Why are people tweeting about punching windshields? You will break your hand and not punch through the glass!!!!!! Don't do it!
bieksa is killing me this game
For Sale, Bottles of Collaboration TBA: Texas Brown Ale by Bear Republic/Fat Head's/Stone. Also more bottles of Pliny the Elder
you should make it on sunday to the next console combat monthly
If the whole world told me I should disappear could I fall right next to you?
I love it when girls have freckles :)
“: I thing I just found my future wife at this concert” bro..which one was she hahah
Eyes on the prize!
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
6ft deep call u down 2 earth, pussy jump bad been down since birth
QWiPS appreciates the accolade! Enjoy using our App!
I want them :)
#babybeliebers are amazing they are so young yet beliebers lol!! Now we can get babies to be guy-beliebers when they grow up! lol
30 Days of Bright
Who is excited for the #hungergamesmovie? We are!
I wish that they didn't *HAVE* to start Kottaras every time Wolf pitches too. It's a pain against LHP. Wasn't an issue today.
We will be selecting our gift card winner on our launch date (Feb 1)! Keep retweeting this for a chance to win a $25 gift card to any bar!
Murray can get up to 4 years but the way things are going in California prison system, he will do only 4 months on 4 years.
Horrible start...
thanks for the mention on your blog! Just stumbled across it and really appreciate it!
six words for you: Billy Butler, Eric Hosmer = fantasy joy! When we goin to the K?
GYC is on Wild 107.5 in Portland, OR right now :)
Bob Dylan arrested? I should be surprised, but I'm not. He does resemble a mumbling bum from time to time. Still- the man writes a good tune
i have to get a Tet-nus shot tomorrow so i can go on the mission trip. D;
Just received new art in my inbox... I'm posting it the same day I post the character profile up on the blog... Which should be soon.
The biggest advantage of all is that on a mobile phone your ad is going to be the only one they see.
Sad to be leaving this lovely place. Amazing conference and amazing people!
So long beautiful California
Just got listed at www.TweetFind.com Twitter Yellow Pages & White Pages - #solar, #energy, #marketing,
I've thought about it. That's an expensive joke though. I have the Preston glasses and the Griffin blue shades.
Happy Easter did u have fun in Germany?
what are you talking about?
Anybody not watching game 7 of Capitals/Rangers rights now is missing out! What excitement. I love game 7s!
i bet ur mentions are blowing up.... sorry kinda lol
Soul Path Insights Business Consulting - Jennifer K. Garcia Business Intuitive Consultant Phone: 303-872-3719 Email:...
I am QUITE jealous!!!!
tees we do
if anything last night was just a reminder why i gotta get things back right again or at least try
Good Morning! Thanks for tuning in this AM. Isn't Eve Selis amazing? Send me your name & I'll have it sent to WILL CALL on Fri.
Knight Kiplinger asks, "anyone out there concerned about privacy anymore?"
Good for you!!!
Way too gone
Il be tonight, stop on by
Yes, that´s us! Hope you enjoy them! Let us know! Thxs.
I love how Tiki Barber has to eat his words what he stated about Eli Manning. Tiki should have looked in the mirror, no character.
it's Capri Sun for adults! To-go wine!
The Hunger Games book and Fallout: New Vegas. Today is as post-apocalyptic as they get.
cool doing a red carpet event with my PR....wish we could have meet up
message me on here and ill tell u! and thanks(:
You just responded too? Are you really that stupid?
still haven't got a call saying come and visit studio lol
Come on the field so I can elbow you in the face.
Who is Pandora paying for EACH song? YES, I'm still listening thanks for the reminder every 12 minutes
Hey! Do you know if SAG-AFTRA does political endorsements like other unions?
I notice I speak a little to early on things.
Ass clown
haha that's kind of hot. I want to date a girl that wears that
I NEEDA GET MY TWEETS UP LIKE RITE NOW
I hope you feel better soon. You need to take a rest!!
The fastest way to put cash in your pocket is to save money on the things you do every day!
What class in July? I'll be there from 7:25 am to 3:05 M-Thurs. When's yours?
I wish u luck with Caregiver book. Makes me feel good just knowing you are doing it.
You're not a psychologist, lol
its so foggy out.. and why am i tweeting from this account? lol no i didnt get it bck :/ this is just from my phone
Thanks so much!!! Help me get the word out. 300 more followers and I'm going to start some specials to get ready for the holidays!!
Don't forget the granddaddy of 'em all, the
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you can talk to no matter what>>>
#PCA Kelly is very beautiful
Snyder: information hoarding not about sharing the knowledge, more about a sense of duty and a drive for preservation
I believe that Jews and Arabs may live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
Poor water pressure
Drummer from last band is telling off his band with a rap. Apparently, it was last show. Insane.
Inspiring afternoon meeting w CEO Mario Murgado and Thank you for supporting the
well this tweet was a surprise haha
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 6, 2012 Clothing swaps popular with shoppers Retailers from Gap to Urban Outfitters are already s
I am so blessed that my man shows me how much he loves me everyday.
Cool! I may need you to come to A BDAY party with me in buckhead wed. If u're free dude...
Hi Jim.What makes that stat scarier(from your vantage point) is that 4 of those 14 #yankees errors were from 1 player(sent down)
Have you heard? The big man is putting out a #Supermoon for this Sat's #cinkodedrinko - Road to show it LIVE!
Barry Bonds trial starts Monday the 21st for steroid use.
THAT NEW JENNIFER LOVE HEWITT HANDY SHOW ON LIFETIME WOULD MAKE A GOOD EXCUSE FOR A SNL SKETCH
its a #numbersgame,
reminds me of the the song with lyrics, "your so vain, I bet you think this song is about you"
“: As we go on we'll remember all the times we spent together.. #graduationsong” no don't graduate :,(
A BITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Your skate and shirtless + = really hot
They make an adorable couple. ": Watching the boyfriend episode. It's on right now! Love watching our Sadie, and I get ...
I was born ready. And then I made many meticulous script cards.
Getting ready to do some fall fishing on the columbia river....fall chinooks, coho...for sale hit me up....
lost 10 lbs over break while eating all the time and not working out...wtf?
Romney cleaned house with the "Republicans who listen to NPR demographic."
Mother/daughter hamentashen baking. I'm sticking to my guns and insisting on poppyseed.
we hope everything will go smoothly!
oww , you can tell me , i promise you i don't tell of more.
Alright. What should my 1,000 tweet be?
I love my parents!
Did I miss the Whitney tribute?
"Keep a grateful heart in every circumstance and it will open the way for clearer direction in all other things." - 1 Thessalonians 5:18 <3
Still. They drop that $499!!! and you go CRAZY. Then they tell you that was the base model. "Here's a Porsche!! No engine, though."
“Masking passwords doesn't even increase security, but it does cost you business due to login failures.” -Jakob Nielsen
Bitch I'll respond 2 anything I want
Good looking out!
It's great how plugged in the IFA is to the needs of franchisees. Impressive!
#FavoriteLyric Nobody's Perfect Bae, But you're Perfect for Me
well then we're never hanging out again then
Even those flintstone kids suck.
hung over?
I wanna land him with trail blazers lottery pick
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features SMOKE.
Done with my Networking Class. Learned about the error message "Missing NTLDR".
you gotta make it way of the chi, you should figure out a way to do somethin out here, you of all people would get it done
Let's get the revolution of baseball in South Florida going, sir! GO #MARLINS!
He better go et me some food before I bust a cap
I want to be a country singer when I grow up.
bake sale in the library today, and I haven't snitched even a bite!
oh my god, what the fuck happen last night?! lol
Man fuck KOBE RT : “ Kobe is the man love him or hate him . . You can't stop him”
: cuz u need to come down here
oh yes love this. yes!!!
Got to drink beer with the head brewmaster for a couple hours at work today... Then had to do a breathalyzer test. I get paid to do this :)
She has you as her wallpaper on her phone. She likes you bro.
the thrill
I love u to babe:)
Can't help but think if schools stopped spending through the roof we wouldnt have huge student sent issues.
philly's young backup qb has the surname "kafka." i'd love for him to get big so we can hear nfl broadcasters use the term "kafka-esque."
we had a lifesize one our site for a while. want to get one?
hey jeremy, the music sounds great :) what are you using to record and mix with?!
oh SNAP!!! Didn't know I had it like that boo dayuumm.. well well well then. LOL
Trying to explain Twitter to Jenn...
HP, you were good to me for over 8 yrs but this Macbook Air has officially ended our love affair (and no, it's not because of your weight).
What time was the Clowe bench-poke check?
Why hasn't someone invented non-tangle paper clips yet?
Thank god for tomorrow because we can always try to better our yesterday. :)
me too!
miss you too sis! What you been up to?
Pink Kisses ;-o Muah!
Watching ABSolutely great teleseryes. =) ABS-CBN's talents are world class. Thanks to TFC!
Man, it takes a long time to put a wax job on a Suburban? All dang day, by the time I wash, wax, and detailed it. It looks so much better.
haha you go girl. She is just crazy. What teenager wants to spend their weekend doing 74 precal problems? None.
cleaning my apartment frantically so my mom doesn't judge me when she gets here.
No one, including you, wants or enjoys being criticised. We all need to care for & be kind to each other.
No piece of football equipment can protect players from brain injuries. Only keeping the CROWN of the helmet out of the tackle can.
Some days I feel like a broken record: "Please let go." "Can you at least put on some pants?" "Don't eat the chapstick."
Sittin waitin for my moms school to finish not fun!
Can't wait to move out of this damn house.
OHEMGEEEHFBGJUWEGFUWEVBWUQFGBWEUQIFGVB you guys are freaking adorable. ♥
Saw at the WNBA game tonight!!
#Artfact- While it took Leonardo Da Vinci about ten years to paint Mona Lisa's lips. Van Gogh made approximately 900 paintings in 10 years.
I have never been so pissed off and irritated.
put your balls on today lol
good luck.. I'm sure one person out there believes in you!!
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs. 414-409-7263 in the Milwaukee area.
Man its good to see another Chicago battle rapper comin up. That young kannon battle was classic.
Love getting my workout in before 8am #guiltfree rest of day! :)
they r too cute
We are now working with Allergy Partners of Raleigh NC and list with us on SmartGuy.com at www.smartguy.com/profile/pro/allergyraleigh
Be thankful for the people that walked away allowing space for the right ones to enter your life.
U think u know but u have no idea
Well, if it wasn't love, it was a lot like it.
cheer up lexx! Hope everything works out for you
May the FOURCC be with you…
I Dont Know && You Know That Boy Named Chris ! Thats The Black BOy That Turned Me In For Doing Sexual Stuff With Him !
I did something similar. My class decided structure of final: essay & short answer. They nixed multiple choice.
getting ready to go watch my sons firs soccer game of the season......and wouldnt ya know it just started sprinkling
2011 is looking and sounding good... a new release from an old friend + 2 new compilations on the way this year! Stay tuned...
That sounds LEGIT! How far is Crystal Lake from Chicago? I would love to make it out but need to figure out DD situation.
catching up on i <3 and i can not wait for the last episode so excited!!
-_- I need to sleep obviously. I can't freaking text to save my life. P.L.U.R.<3
#RollDamnBounce going for 3 straight weeks in the money tonight!
still into preseason
what are you up to
That song Ryan O'Shaughnessy sang was obviously dedicated to me
whenever u get famous put me in. your video..lol
loved it! thk u! RT : Hope you saw and us on !
Happy 13th Birthday Google! You're a teenager now!
Wants to look at mind mapping and Jing, snag-It, podomatic
I think about food way to much
I dont understand why Cody Simpson is single! Have you seen him? I mean, really?
Our dress sale is coming up on April 2. Gently worn, but super hot dresses in all sizes. Email Rebecca at for more info.
After watching more reviews on the Toshiba Thrive Tablet, I'm sold. The external SD slot was a deciding factor. Can't wait for release!
Just woke up and now I'm chilling
Four Year Strong - Just Drive )
RT : Hey fans, help your Locos earn bid to host 2011 championship game! Head to games/support on FB & Twitter!
#Dipball is not open bar this year but 21+ will receive drink tickets!
Please welcome KeepSmilingTW to the Max life
She cant rap wats wrong with them!
Read them all at once! RT : A dyslexic man walked into a bra..
Four private events in two days for this upcoming weekend; it's not even Fiesta yet, and we're busy, busy!
uhm theres a huge bruise on my shin from busting my ass last night...
Girl you fine but if I tell you then you mines ....
#Today is Cuando!
I love that the music @ Por Que No went from Johnny Cash to 2Pac to Zapp & Roger
I make more money then my sister
NY RANGERS WIN!!! #NewYork baby!!!!
did u not read my tweet?!?
The biggest room in the world is...room for improvement.
Would anyone be interested in bringing me a Friday Fish Fry? I'll gladly trade you for a high five.
sounds good ;)
Delightful Pastries is on their 4th delivery of packzi for the day! Get them while their fresh!
is that really bad t Mac was nice and not enuff credit for passing ability
Attitude is everything.
for sure. I've been good bro, just graduated from Mizzou, so I'm home now! How have you been?
like my man Justin Timberlake says Cry me a river!
If I didn't mention this before having the official section be called "Free Shit" just made me like RR that much more.
Leaders work 2 build trust from top 2 bottom in organizations at every node #leadfromwithin It smooths out mistakes; making them repairable
Hey #NHL, please explain what the hell an instigator penalty is, that is if you even know.
Its a french thing! RT Someone at the bar across the way is drinking red wine. At 7am!
I hate how in basketball all these girls are all in your grillBut in Probasketball there not Make me so mad -__-
A bit depressed about being away at Christmas. Trying to find peace about it. Rough night for me. Dry it up!!
preach! But really, are you surprised?
Thrilled to be joining all of you for #flipclass chats! Have a great night!
Kill the waaaaabit, kill the waaaaabit!!!
Taking a walk with Olivia, my little sister(:
A whopping 20-40% of adults seeking treatment in STD clinics have evidence of past or current Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection.
haha i met them for the second time on saturday night :D
Yes. According to , FUBU is trying to increase its market share in the booming business of black college athletics
Why not see yourself as magical NOW? Because everyone's doing it? So what... you are powerful!
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Tomorrow! RT Be sure to watch ABC World News Tonight w/ Diane Sawyer! Survivor and staffer Jan will be interviewed.
I love downtown at night :)
Gathering junk to fill Emma's car for the Sparks trailer shoot on Saturday…it'll be a fun day!
i want to see you. send me an sms
THANK YOU!!! You give me a #FF Mention and my whole day brightens-what can I do for you in return?
i dig both, but end up lisetning to the Nirvana one more
I want new teaser justin !!
{blinks slowly} No, she is me. There is not two of us.
John Mayer - Friends, Lovers Or Nothing - 10:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Haven't seen a single episode (my loss). Too much great TV for one schedule to bear. Now digging "Veep" &, yes, "Girls."
It's gonna take a while to take all these bobby pins out of my hair ..
Grateful 4 and church family for your love and supportl As we are being taught: SIGNAL- DEMONSTRATE - RESULTS.
Kim Kardashian is hot!!!
RT : Anyone interested in a college football fantasy league?
ebook search would be more useful if it trawled Borders and Sony. something of a Fail for my purposes.
And Peeps!!!! “: Pretty soon its Cadbury Egg Season!!! Oh shit”
RT : Happy to Report: Advanced AV was Awarded the Integrator Growth Award for 2011 by #in CONGRATS!
and damn it I forgot sungdong cafe last night because I was so sad i went to bed super early
I still miss you girl. Can't wait to see your face again. Love you and im gonna play my heart out for you today!
what's Louis my killa?
maybe she's doing the catering for Hel's table ...
I swear to both o you guys I am moving to new Boston I I was messing I would of stopped it by now
Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad. Stop by for lunch. Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad.
She always picks the worst music, though. Not that I don't love this song, but for a routine? Meh.
who is the wizard?
I saw it hit 2140 - thought I could get a jump on it!
Good Morning..! Hope that we all have a great #FOLLOWFRIDAY ! #ONaMission #MMA #Strength&Conditioning
Wanna hit the cookout
Excellent race today!
wow I didn't even know this existed! So cool thanks for the RT
that's the motto ! Lol
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up - #PIPA and #SOPA are tabled 4 now.
dropped my week old green pastures cod liver oil/butter oil blend. broke and spilled everywhere. nice, love watching $ wasted... UGH!
my mom is in Alaska with my brother and his fiancée. Seized the opportunity to work:(
Cluster feeding is just as it sounds—when a baby occasionally decides to eat more frequently than usual in relatively short period of time.
imagine what I'm like to people who aren't my friends. 0:-)
Nothing like 4:30 practice to start your weekend off.
Soc media assmts work when everyone does part or grp is lg. AP kids frustrated. This is learning community. Dig in, all!
Oh! Good luck!
hey dude, I'll be behind the bar all week. Come by!
I miss Ali all the time! I just sit at home and cry all day!!
You';re on there. Very gladd you sent the request.
These Soul Jazz Records New Orleans Funk Comps are American Treasures made in the UK. Six sides!
I love how and both retweeted me and never followed me... No I shouldn't be complaining at least I got notice.
Ditto. “: There is no ad I loathe more right now than the incoherently crying mother and daughter shopping for cell phones.”
Surprised it wasn't shorter.
Snagged so many ARCs today. Bags are so heavy! Must stay out of exhibit hall for rest of day.
Landmark is playing at the Waterside Wine Bar in Phelps tonight...stop out and get wild with us
skyping with is a great way to end the night
"rage-stroke"!
Fair and 66 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are West at 11.5 MPH (10 KT). The pressure is 1011.5 mb and the humidity is 5
thanks! yeah, Scott was definitely cozy with me!
i will be! also, trying to figure out my hotel situation if you're interested in rooming together and haven't booked yet
Wat's up with u?
letting my nails grow again -.-
RT Obama said he supports gay marriage, R2-D2 and C-3PO are now waiting for his stance on droid marriage.
So glad I'm off this weekend
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
define occasionally!
Thanks for the heads up!
,Did Fields do something to coach,cuz thats exactly what i ve realised.its like JR gets licence to stink up the joint,not fields
Never drive faster than your Guardian Angel can fly.
RT : #AACR: "Accelerating Science: Concept to Clinic" focus on -omics and translation. Will there be evidence?
I meant it when I said I don't regret it . Not . At . All . Not one bit .
oh, I missed that. Well, happy late Bday. Hope you had lots of fun :D
bout to go take a shower tell me if i iss anything followers!
Watch out for Alligators!
even with the elbow? this sounds like my nightmares. can you move?
Espically when he smiles its like my body is ready.
Happy 75th Anniversary Texas Credit Union League!!
right on my brotha! Hope all is well w/ you G!
#CHI2012 closing plenary...Any tech can be used for good or bad. Hugh Herr's work is beyond good. An inspiring talk.
C'mon over! Bring the lox!
Want to learn to cook? Have a Party you need help with? Let me, The Single Chef help! You can contact me at Matt
congrats and cant wait for tonights new ghost adventures...:-)
Your main tweeter is In case you were wondering. It's nice to know who you're talking to, right? :)
Being on top of the world doesn't mean anything unless you know what it's like to be at the bottom.
discussing proposal to put sponsor logos on jerseys. Overdue or Armageddon?
Ok folks, looks like if you want some lunch today we just added home made gumbo to list. :) FREE
“: Expo Line Phase 1 opens tomorrow! Where will you ride to?” The future.
My lemonade girl is growing up
ok...ttyl I guess :)
Oof goes on the fritz right when I'm supposed to help a colleague with her profile
It was because the promoter we were going through hadn't sold enough tickets and pulled the plug last min. Sorry for that!
Cohen: cinema's post-mortem of photography in REAR WINDOW
Whatever you've been told, you're worth more than gold!
My mom says "hold on a sec." screams at the top of her lungs then asks "now what was it you wanted?"
So I'm EXTREMELY ticklish and everyone's starting to find out, so now everyone comes up and just starts tickling me. 😒
That's not real irony, that's Alanis Morrisette Irony.
Friends of Bleu unite!4/19 RatPack themed patio opening party!.Sig. cocktail & cigars to mark occasion! Invite only.Email bleu
Spurs next.
My boy is precious. #icantwait20days. <3
Be On Endless Moves !.
Never settle for anything less than the very best.
awww Happy Birthday to the hubby!
WOW!!! I miss my hometown and cheap drinks. Enjoy.
Catch Me In London With A Brawd Named Tabitha!
I wonder where Tom Pippins got his toupee from
It's already windy in Westwood! : Winter winds are blowing in a chance of hail and thunderstorms through the Southland today.
Up to pee & hack up a lung at 31 past EVERY SINGLE HOUR last night. Good practice for baby. Hopefully babies are more fun to get up for...
You think you got to me , i can just read your mind .
No. And with a war in Afghanistan and kids in hoodies being shot...I mean, I can't get worked up about this. I just can't.
After sitting on a panel with , went out for dinner and all four at our table ordered BEEF! Mo!
Where we at?
Wow, I really do make amazing chili!
Yes, I make mistakes that I don't ever make excuses for.
Had really yummy gluten free cupcakes tonight! If i have celiacs, those were totally a ray of light!
Hey don't know if you know but we are engaged
um, maybe you should avoid tweeting this information?
Film/TV Pros! Military Veterans are uniquely trained/prepared for the rigors of filmmaking. And, they all have stories to tell. Hire Vets!
thanks doll!
If Zollo and Wiltjer arm wrestled it could be the boringest hour of our lives!
Just saw "Stick Fly" on Broadway...excellent! Official opening night is Thurs - check it out.
Today I learned that cheerleaders got some balls
life is too short not to have fun? Everything in moderation including moderation.
I agree! I have already checked out the website and I might have to get some. Thanks for tweeting them!
There is nothing better than the early night sky.
No matter what your Reds do, they'll still have Dusty and his wristbands, which is an obstacle that can't be overcome.
Had a good new years with all the fam n friends , but now im exhausted as hell feelin like I'm on a hangover n sad thing is I don't drink !
i eat 16 saltines then i lick my fingers....
A little substitution never hurt anyone. RT : ": favorite Mellow #Pizza Pie?" The Hawaiian with pep instead of ham.
haha yes. That would be sweet!
Got some cool new stuff in the works. It's gonna be awesome.
Being effective is more important than being hard-working and do only what you add value to, from
our pleasure. thanks for doing what you do for #fostercare kids.
no problem...thanks for the RT!
Hey! What's up?
definitely a goal :) That or back to my home town :)
we appreciate it!
definitely! shoot & me a date/time that works for you.
So the question is - do I write another goddamn adventure book? Or the one that wants me to write it? The tough one? The dangerous one?
Beach Blazer - A Motorbike Coaster - Paradise Atoll . air time
What would Lesnar do?
don't really see the mets on a TT either...
"Buzz Williams is looking fancy tonight." - that is a good way to put it, ESPNU.
emails keep reminding me to make vday plans and even Jordan decorates for it. Hearts. Everywhere.
bless up.
he's a lil punk, let him go, he'll never be good enough to feature at Arsenal
Car just limped 25 miles and coasted the last 100 yards into my mechanics parking lot. Dead on arrival. Guy behind counter was impressed.
Either I'm getting sicker, or the spicy food I had for dinner burned by throat. Either way, it sucks
I think that I will need more coffee
-troll face- It was on my dash. It was worth looking at (a few times)... (ok more than a few)
There are only 4 days left until elections. Vote this #Nov8 for a Republican State Senate.
the starbucks on campus isn't bad. There are tables and chairs open
3 hours, 9 minutes and counting. This is 1 reason why I don't attend church regularly. lol
Memphis fans booing a injury. Classless bums
The typing teacher in Tex is actually the author of the book, S.E. Hinton.
we're paying like 25+ for some high high seats lol. can't be spending too much money~ we're broke-a** college students :)
Does anyone wanna update me on BTR? They last thing I knew was that carlos got a new dog and kendall was in bali
pleasure is ours, your guides are a must read!!
I just called my mom to wish her a Happy Mothers Day and I lost the call waiting war!
#TheVow comes out on DVD today. Gonna be a good day today :D
expressing& confessing on this page thats nota counciling session but helpin me quit all my sweatn on this rage in my chest like a 12 gauge
Thanks for the follow! We met after the Cirque de Soleil show in Cedar Park. introduced us.
If our children can tell us their favorite video games but cannot tell us their favorite history facts, are our children to blame?...
newww piccc, kinda blurry on twitter for some reason
Enjoying a quiet Friday night in writing a press release and then relaxing.
The #AOSL Working Groups: Educational Practice, Research and Workforce Development. Each of 3 conferences build on the work of these groups.
RT : We have a goal, to gather as many TEDDY BEAR stories as we can - please share it t, either here... fb.me/y3FoxK0j
Just threw out 150+ dvd cases that cleared a whole bookshelf, put dvds in case. Gotta downsize, the moving will help you ramp up
that's what it is you need to be a women zydeco star go for it I need me a slogan to call a woman
When you're trying to concentrate and you have assholes thinking their fingers are drum sticks
I heard you!
I'm going to be living in the library for the next three weeks
Time to start the next season of #primeval, got my dinosaur mug in hand... I'm ready!
Come on in and enjoy our special on American Honey Hurricanes! Delicious with an appetizer or all by itself!
hm, trying to verify my name for google....lol
Really mean. But made me laugh. RT Billy cundiff tried to hang himself after the game but couldn't kick the chair
I promise someone is gonna fall off the set by tomorrow's last scene!
Anyone interesting in networking with professionals involved in the home warranty industry please check out the Linkedin group, Home Warran…
I am elated at the street named after Bernie Mac in Chicago's Englewood neighborhood. Sorry I miss the dedication ceremony. It still hurts!
I heard you go some soft lips
Goodmorning from Boston National Historical Park where we are following #ncph2012 !
can we get a quick flash??
9.) I don't care how I look or what people think of me because I know I'm pretty and if you hate thats your problem
I sure am glad I can get my coffee going on sheer muscle memory.
Its funny when i see people lock their tweets like someone actually cares about what stupid shit your saying.
Springdale AR for a shoot with Wal-mart World magazine.
Personally thought you did awesome and looked amazing :) I know I said this before, but you need to be on #SYTYCD more often! ♥you
“Mental toughness is essential to success.” ~Vince Lombardi
RT : "We are not a non profit organisation, we are a 'For Purpose' organisation."
<----SHE RIDE ___ SO GOOD:-) ...My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things lol
I just texted you
Loving black fri. The friendliness and sense of community. For the most part people are in good/kind spirits. 15 mins to test that theory.
My own money
thank you Irene
Cuddling's chill. 👍
And I said that his defiance of your classification isn't "obfuscation". Your classification is oversimplified.
Reading Agatha Christie's Death on the Nile, and envious of the aristocratic Brits who can pop off to Egypt on a whim.
I am really enjoying the new Defenders series. The art is not my cup of tea but the story is good.
thanks for RT.
Make your own luck. -Rob Dyrdek
Anybody happen to have access to a shop vac?
have a great shoot day.
Hope all AU students enjoyed a spring break filled with rest and relaxation! Safe travels to all coming back to campus!
It feels like every muscle in my body is sore.
Living the Dream and Helping Folks find Great Deals on Houses,.. I LOVE Real Estate!!
that picture was cute. :)
i'm done with mysql.
“: Florida Bound. Much needed vacation ☀☀☀” so jealous. Have fun!!
How can a Microsoft atty present on contract issues in cloud computing when Microsoft won't negotiate those terms? Just sayin'.
Wonder how long it's gonna take for him to txt me. Hmm.
Thank you for the RT and mention :)
haha I've never heard of these songs lol but I like that one song by bruno mars it will rain!
Last night was just amazing >>> i love my bestfriend :)
M(S)LIRBI a.k.a, MY (SOCIAL) LIFE IS RUINED MY INTERNET
RT : We're opening on Thanksgiving Night at 6PM for the 3rd Annual DingleFest.
Braun on base for the fifth time in this series. Still hitless, though.
Table Read a Success!! Got lots of great ideas.....back to the writing board! Thanks to everyone who participated!!
yesh me too I miss yoü too aahh yes I'm okay Are u okay ??
Hello everybody, I am new to Twitter. I am an author. My newest novel is Bluegrass Betrayal. please visit me at www.robertmonahan.net.
Demographic modeling tricky business w/a history of abuse. Understand the "ick factor". Trends in article are interesting, tho.
LIFO bad. The new 5th grade eng tchr is great, has brought in new technology etc. So backwards how this all works...or doesn't.
sometimes i wonder why we're even friends......
- yeah let's hope not!
cousin! Came cross my mind. When u coming back 2 the states?
Me RT : All the black bitches mad, cause my main bitch vanilla.
Do yourself a favor and watch
Hang out with me and during the Super Bowl. And go to fb page and tell us your fav commercial!!
How can one local poet get involved w/reading? Is town residency requirement a must?
RT : FOLLOW RETWEET THIS NOW & ILL PROMOTE YOU TO MY 23,100+ FOLLOWERS! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK (MUST BE FOLLOWING ME)
Hahahahahahaha damn right
it would be even more lovely if you were in Arizona .<3
Thanks for following! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Wish I was going to be able to watch all this game this morning. But unfortunately have to be somewhere at 8am.
i hate fake shit and fake people are even worse you got people going out of their way for you and not one person has something to show lier!
I don't come up with zingers like that too often, so when I do, I'll certainly take credit for it :)
Thx for the #FF, lady! Love the new profile pic too :)
HARRY POTTER PART. 2 IS FINALLY COMING ON T.V.!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some people talk so slow and explain the most obvious things you just feel like your brain is dying listening to them
anything else planned for the night or no..
Friends with benefits are kool, friends with money and excellent!! lol
Gossip Girl. 💗
Chicago metra commuting: 1 newspaper reader to 20 mobile devices. Average newspaper reader: age mid 40s and up.
#PCA I love Demi song its awesome she could be a little better
what in the world I will be productive in the morning I cant right now smh
There's no worse feeling than that second I'm sure I'm going to die, after leaning my chair back a little too far.
Today felt super long!!
"I wasn't that drunk!" "dude you found a watch and changed your name to Ben..."
Newman: How do we connect culture to class? And how do we do it in a way that is popular and able to travel beyond academia?
Lion King 3D was more like Lion King 2.5D. But that doesn't mean I didn't still cry when Mufasa died.
Newest member to my Precious Gems team, Rayza Delvalle from Central Falls, RI 02863 WELCOME RAYZA:)
still awaiting tweet back. i know he's busy but i just love you ryan!!!!!
Friday... off from work and out in the streets.
And my dude does it again
Brewers on Deck, anyone?
Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.
I Like My Girl Thick, Not Just Kinda Fine.
FREE LOTTO TICKET ! TODAY FROM 2-4PM ! WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!
Happy 'A' day Liars
right tho. I can't speak for all
I don't get it. What's the point of being kind, showing interest & then *POOF*. Just makes you look like an asshole, haha.
Ugh... train is broken this morning. Off to my bike.
chump mistake..ya need to be jettin on
NAP TIME before I edit the rest of my reel and stud for psychology!!! I WILL GET AN A ON BOTH OF MY FINALS....IN JESUS NAME
I'm over homework oh and the days being too short
To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
I'm ready for San Diego on Friday. Even if I won't see you, I'm going to have fun. You can avoid me, but you're still my friend.
he puts the MOST over used ones too. You'd think people would know it was from twitter. Lol. But I feel you!
"Twitter is stressing out a bit right now, so this feature is temporarily disabled."
I like how it gives you the same output no matter what you put in.
That post card is being looked into.
Eh its alright i think everyone loves they just pretend to be disgusted & annoyed by the
here you go..tell u what trans-shit man...why don't u just caps lock yaself to death!
Sorry, I meant to hit reply. The PDS site comes up fine on my device. My phone keeps crashing maybe b/c it's old not yr site
Thanks for the #FF! Have a wonderful weekend!
Lets go again
can I get your other half?
Game ends on a diving Braxton Miller TD run that the refs said the edge of his foot was on the line. Final score 20-14 Scarlet anyway.
May be time for a Blake Island excursion.
"I'm cool with my own thoughts." is probably my favorite line from this episode of "Veep."
Hello brad Richards thanks for showing up today. Overtime baby
Don't pay more for the same report! Pay less for the best RSRA report! Order at www.Phasei.com
#HISD Supt. Grier says they're working hard to determine cause of student sicknesses last week.
The spirit of God is strong within Jeremy Lin. That is why he is very successful, hot, and in the zone in basketball and everywhere else.
This just in Sea World San Antonio will be closing today at 1 due to the bad weather.
love the new avi!
thanks guys for the answer..
If you dont want a sarcastic answer.. Then dont ask a stupid question kaay?(:
dam hearing amor de lejos reMix With Jowell y Randy :)
What is this thing called sleep?
Woke up to Drake's show at Radio City on FuseTV, the god father out there holdin it down! #Salute !!
What a great atmosphere! Honduras takes the lead again with just over five minutes to go! 3-2 over El Salvador
move to NYC!
U are now,... ENTER the ZONE
festival July 13-15th in Chicago looks like the indie lovers wet dream! Insane lineup.
and quite large...
trying to solve a mystery - did you go to Wheaton North or Wheaton Warrenville South?
Honestly, I think is one of the best people ever. Okay
Thanks girl! It is Valentine's day after all.
Tried wearing organic? Be surprised with high-qual organic cotton-you feel great. Softer, durable.Save the pesticides. Not bad for a tee?
it was already determined that it was mini earthquakes.
P said they got that dilly doe lls
someday I'd like to have a real housewife of BJ
Whaddaya know, John Bolton & John Yoo collaborated on a OpEd piece this a.m.
Can't wait till summer
I'm at the girlies lol :)
I think we're doing a pretty good job listening to this lecture. I mean we are on social media right now...
I'm not lazy. I'm just really frugal with my energy.
Slightly Off-Target - Wired News
heard it was your birthday! Happy birthday dude!!
way to go! #superhero! Most people like Mon. but I too prefer Tue.
My head hurts -_-
yeah!! Right on.
I'm guessing you don't use public transit or bike anywhere.
If you love two people at the same time, choose the second one. Because if you truly loved the first one, you wouldn’t love another one.
Russell Wilson is Hawk!
Listening to Jonny Craig bc reasons
Goal by the one and only whatta shot
PASSION, LOVE, COMMITMENT!
I am so sorry you're sad right now. You seem to be having a horrible time. I wish I could help.
People go see live! Stickam
Thank you Suzy. Wishes come true with UNITY! take a peek someday! Thanks again have a great day!
Take it to the head.
Hey Pete, don't let the door hit your vagina on the way out.
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
My heart goes out to all y'all twatters tonight! Sleep tight everyone and dont let the bed bugs bite
Danny O'Donoghue is extremely good looking....
but gay ass made it better <3
you are. 12But while it is true I am a redeeming kinsman, there is another redeemer closer than I. 13Stay for the night.Then in #Torah 66/99
Need short term or long term storage? We're a safe and secure solution for your business.
oh no! Sorry about that.
You do but those are your experiences/point of view. Dialog is better than no dialog. Your statements are worrisome, though.
warehouse district for drinking. Chuy's for lunch. Zilker park.
I know!!! should be a good crowd. I leave on my golf trip to Orlando the next morning!
Yesterday was a late-night I will never forget: 12 expresso shots; I hope it was all worth come Monday....
Good pitching & we're ready for the 11th. Go
Wow! 's twitter following grew from 1600 to 17,000 during the September blackout.
Good morning everyone! I had a fabulous weekend, and I've decided I want to start Mondays by sharing something around LA I really want to do
The notebook is amazing <3 I want love like that someday(:
This desk in miss dorritys class had Nigger carved in it. Hahahahaha
Tak for spreading the word, Craig. We are always about Quality Over Quantity. Good People Know Good People.
I normally would've liked that play, but Chalmers hadn't hit anything outside all game
Right now twitter is not on and poppin
Appreciation is a wonderful thing; it makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. ~ Voltaire ~
Feelin old... I have to do a tutorial to figure this social media venue out. But I will update once I have my mind wrapped around it! 3.2.1.
What's there to do in Kingsport tonight ladies and gentlemen!?
ha aight yo hit me up soon for the music video so we can have a meeting...
I love that you are such a Mavs fan! Just another reason why I love you! Thanks for your support!
#20ThingsAboutMe i can read people good & i can always tell when somebody full of shxt ! idk i just have that gift lol
Who's got my copy of Josh Swiller's THE UNHEARD? I need it back!
I tell parents employers want problem solvers , want to hear about failures and how person handled past failure, I've been asked
tonight, we are young!
YOU CANNOT BE ABOUT ANYONE'S BUSINESS IF UR NOT ABOUT URS FIRST. REMEMBER THAT WHEN APPLYING ANYWHERE.
Just contracted a gig 2 give a preshow talk 4 an Esperanza perf. Gonna wrap her in2 a mini-jazz bass history presentation @ Lehigh U, 11 Oct
Today, I began piecing together an article showing Flavius Josephus & Jesus of the New Testament as having been played by the same psycho.
shit I am tellin you dont be putting my business out like that
We're seeking money, not to change lives.
They lost me then won me back over time! RT : You know who is amazing about this? They are awesome both...
Death could not hold HIM down! #Jesuslives !
#RollTribe shots for that
Has anybody seen that Grant Hill commercial telling you not to use the word "gay" as an insult? It's pretty gay.
Im getting pretty hungry ..
hey how r u?
Clothed mouths dont get fed
still waiting for a Kabul traffic report
THATS WHY YOU ARE ONE OF THE BEST
yep, Sunday schedule.
when you find out let me know
yes! that's a more positive way of looking at it. My question: who the hell do they think will BUY it?
Hi - just sent you a quick email about tonight. Would love to connect.
San Antonio can thank/blame me for bringing this weather back from my trip to Memphis. Nice to see the rain, but rather see the sun.
Love at first sight.
*Mad-Lib Monday* I need a verb ending in 'ing', please! (Example: Running)
Missing Eli Rabago has pink shoelaces in honor of his aunt passing from breast cancer.
I appreciate the #FF thank you Mitchell.
why spend your time & effort on something that wont benefit you in the future ?
Shakespeare & Company just made a cameo appearance in this movie. Wonder if the Watchers still run it.
i hope i havent been a fool all these years. that would really suck. but to bhonest wit you things dont look good they dont look good at all
full metal panic
Saw you from the opposite end of the Nave today! Shouted to you (in vain); waddled back to type class.
my balloons are starting to shrink *sniff sniff
It was good to meet of ...even though he clowned the way I slid him my business card.
Happy Mother's Day! We wish a playful day to all moms everywhere today!
lol that used to be our French class but then we have a dif teacher now and makes a learn a lot:( its hard.
Just got a free donut from a strange woman while waiting for the train.
if you wanna know what orange looks like....look in the mirror.
Kitzhaber: will not allow another execution as Governor.
you crazy bitch wheres the cream filling?
I just can't get you out of my head
We're excited to help you re-live memories of the King of the Cowboys & the Queen of the West—passing their inspiration to a new generation.
Thanks for the #follow! Hope you're having a great week!
okay cool
haha oh but I am.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)10
“: #NBA - #Bulls G Derrick Rose to make return from groin injury Sunday vs. #Knicks (1 p.m. ET, )”
Same! I always seem to miss you in the office. Seriously though, I learned more in those pages than any PR class.
Heard a great conversation with and Robby George at Princeton today. was missing out!
man... Yall hoes got room.. It wouldnt be right without thw who is me
RT : Remember tonight,while some teams are trying to patch their biggest holes,some teams will re-enforce their greatest strengths.
Glad you liked the infographic, thanks for sharing it out to your followers!
The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children | Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Baby u are now and will always be my everything..
Thanks for the follow! I'm not a conservator but have academic interest in publishing history & book production. Cheers!
haha hayy #HAPPYSTPATRICKSDAY hope everyone has a good one!! I'm having such a great morning lol
But as a movie it's pretty entertaining. Next up Hubert Selby documentary!
omg I hated that with a freakin passion. Id look at my teachers an be like dongt talk or look at me its too early
Algebra is so boring. Ready to go to Jackson tomorrow with Nick & his family. 💗
It's amazing how quickly I reverted to my shy, awkward kid-self when I met and
Why are some people so dumb an immature? #annoyed 😓
These bitches running around here looking like "Doug" and shit! Lol, I can't deal!
Went on a Trip with my daughter. Its was about ways 2 Stop youth violence about speading luv not hate. We need that everwhere LOVE NOT HATE.
Ready for Eric Church?!
Let us help you with Fresh and Creative Promotional Product Ideas!
LMAO Love your discovery of Guitar Hero v 0.5
how was to day
5th helicopter I've heard this morning. Happy #MayDay yall!
awwe how cute :) im glad you're are going after all or else i would've had to dragged your ass with us haha
I hope I have nothing due tomorrow because I opened my backpack a total of zero times.
Awe my bong broke 😢😢
Great job. Ensure you start slowly but be consistent. Play it by ear. Small daily consistent effort is crucial. Enjoy!
Just took a Tom Hanks A League Of Their Own piss.
Follow My New Page .! :)
is setting up 3 DVRs, while I get the iPads and lapgoing with Twitter feeds and Sky Sports Radio.
"Muffin Cap Back Blue!" - Kevin Heart
* tummy twins ! . hehee :D
PEE STREAM, Y U FORK AFTER SEX?!
this is hilarious! thanks.. had to share!
I just remembered that #newgirl was on tonight wahoo
ugh that sucks so much huh lol
Few delights can equal the presence of one whom we trust utterly. George MacDonald
Describe the patterns of immigration in 2 of th periods listed below. Compare/contraste the responses of Americans to the imm
Thanks for the Three Sisters Springs RT! :)
That answers my previous tweet. But I think he knows what's coming. RT Day four, no Blago verdict. Jury goes home.
Just sayin' - ignore me, see if I care.
Remember when coachella was last weekend?
so cute :)
So nice to "see" you on the radio. Smart and funny. Great combo w/ Traffic on TV didn't do you justice.
Salt Lake City for the weekend to celebrate birthdays!
what happened!!
I like #boys who can dance! RT if you feel the same!!!! :D
girl book that darn appointment! I love you I'm just STUPID busy.
EL chat in Connect right now :)
okai so ima make a fan video for Madison who wants to be in it ??? TWEET MEE :)
"Know or listen to those who know." ~Baltasar Gracian
Best time to come to the is 930am, it's empty!
- - you know i`m very excited about this :D
lol ouch, I'm going to be your bff throughout your whole life, you wait and see. You might even get sick of me, but too bad.
La mega is poppppppppin right now !!!
happy birthday!!!
im soo srry i cried on u yesterday lol i just couldnt contain myself
ive faked my own death at waterparks all over america.
Watching speed like it's 1994.
never heard from you!?
thanks for the invite!
I mean, without D. Rose they definitely need Deng in there. Team is not looking too good though.
my sister was like there's someone from your work and I was like omg it's Christian!:)
Thanks! You've summed up my feelings also, haha. I live right outside the city but work on Cap Hill.
First driving class -__-
S/o to my new follower !!!
Ima be trying to set aside around $100 every friday for la. I dont need dat much for la. Because its not that hard to get a job in la!
New year's fast approaching... And I hope and pray that 2012 will be a good year for me. Please?
yeah both times they preformed he was frowning :/
I'm not saying I'm for the acquisition. Just saying that deleting your accounts today seems a little rash.
Exclusive: Bo&#39;s wife dressed as Chinese army general after Heywood death: source
MILITARY APPRECIATION! Soldiers, let us be your designated driver! Bricktown Shuttle from Tinker AFB! Reservation for 15+ pass for $15 each!
Thanks to The Week Magazine for the love!
thanks. I hope all is well!!
I see you changed your name too, its been awhile!! Wow
Without the right urban form, it's tough to get anyone to walk. But using "sense of adventure" to fake it till you make it is interesting.
Touche', I have on Final left.
What I would do to be in his embrace again...
Nialler , Come On Please (: #NiallFollowNarniaNeeds1D xD it would make her life im sure !
Get Packing my Friend. The only way Ron Paul has a chance at becoming president is if citizens storm capitols ENMASS
Ditto Mike! How are tricks?
As MKE welcomes President Obama today, please be patient as delays may occur due to the presidential motorcade, especially near Master Lock
Bad week for NY Sports
Finally got my phone
We will have it sent Monday Thanxs
Congrats, can't wait to see you on campus! RT : Accepted to ! This is the best day ever :)
Seeing the Vow tonight!! So excited<3 <3
since my district now blocks twitter and every other cool thing I can find on the Internet, it makes it difficult to do my work at work!
Started project w/ consultant today. Took five minutes for the first Office Space reference.
I just finished my latest CEO profile, doing what I need to for me and One Ent.
#FF because it's her birthday! Happy birthday!
Thanks for the Following Pat..I need Your permission to put some of your music on our web sight.. Let me know Ken
Scheduled for dinner with friends tonight, dinner before big game on Sun, then dinner again on Valentine's Day - Just being a Husband :-)
Mets are now 2-0. It is clear we are going to go wire-to-wire.
Sometimes help comes from places you never expect.
That's it. I'm running for president one day. My major in college is political science.. and boys :)
I look nice today? It's not like I dressed up or anything. :P
Flash back: saddle rack parking lot.
#PeopleThatAngerMe the dam police!! RT If you fell the same!!
we were watching!! =)
“: Yes. :I She's suffering and shit. :/ it hurts me seeing her suffer.” WTF? R3aLlY?
agreed, and it's not relevant and extremely obvious.
Son of the mask was lame as shit.
Ikr:( I Miss it!! I am trying to get as many hats as Austin(: Whats Yhuur #? Not trying to be creppy.. hahah!!
Studying history since 1982 allowed to write Discovery of Witches in 1 year #USC #writers conference
Nice weather for a morning bike ride down to the Metro for first day on the job site. Here goes!
70 degrees today 30 degrees tonight
Good morning today is a new day where I'm going to start fresh
agreed. Nothing Greater! What's your route?
Some times its not the best to just race in the back have more of a chance to get in a wreck. Wish race driver realize that
I thought it was really sweet how in Austin said not to hate on his haters ♥ he's such a sweetheart!
I didn't hear you call me by another name, but certainly won't turn down a drink. What did you call me?
Sorry, Fremont - hoping yr parade soaks up the rain for ours. Is that bad?
mobbing ain't shit else to do
Oh....I've got all kinds of ideas!! :) 160 characters won't do it though! LOL
“It Simply IS” Dewarren Moses – I’ll Lick You And Kiss You Like A Lollipop – Available on iTunes, Amazon, and CD Baby *** Soul, R&B
“: . you were lost in the sauce like a boss!”
Time to get serious about this project.
Looking forward to this week. Just set my personal calendar although I haven't made decisions on a few time slots. Too many options!
Have not written about the almost-kidnapping in Kosovo. It did involve a Macedonian angel w/ a Michael Jordan keychain.
good morning
meet u @ The bar @ the Fish Market @ 5:30. U could never be broke wen ur w me.....
Join us 11-17 for an evening of art and health info! "Art of Living: One Breath @ a Time" COPD, - Asthma, free scrngs. Art!
Wtf i got written up at work again!
thanks! Always sad to see the fair end.
Sad about MCA. I was just wishing for some new stuff from the Beasties and now it won't happen.
cool shirt man.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. ~ Lao Tzu
Yes, I was a bit confused lol. But I figured it was spam.
let me tell y'all. I'd be DAMNED if I ain't walked over there and got my purse.
most of the text i send/receive are from my roommates...90% of those are when were under the same roof.
Justin why not you you want to give your telephone number?
expecting insightful tweets from you Friday whilst you absorb wisdom. Do share with us lowly plebes
I get an email from Abercrombie every week saying "It's the last day to take 40% OFF"!!! wtf!
Hahahahaha are you serious ?
RT : Going to give a try. It has OCR so if you take a picture of an article, a search for keywords will put it up.
They called me up to the stage and said " Eric Zabaleta come up please" I felt like doing this ---> +-.-+ ITS ERICA
You think 7 years for a mirror is bad? Try breaking a condom!
Someday ill be tall skinny & famousRT : hahahaha you are totally her. But thats the only similarity. :)
Never thought I could walk on fire and not get burned! The things we can do with the right energy and state of mind.
Excited for my 2pm shampoo in those fancy chairs! Thx fo squeezing me in!
Not sure why Im just asking this now but how do researchers determine actual effectiveness of particular political ads?
Yay! I would do it on every sunny day, but living where I do, I feel that would be a bit much. And the Shell by me runs out.
Just got an email from the "B" with a zip file attachment about a "complaint." Wow, those hackers are getting really clever. BE CAREFUL!
kickin it at the studio
what number u going 2 wear in MIAMI ? nice backround pic hahah
My investigative story "Car Buyers Beware" with just got nominated for an #Emmy award!!
Word up is following me.
Alright I'm done annoying y'all. Goodnight sluts.
at least it's not mr Moore...
Be healthy and positive, have faith and see your greatness
I'll race you!
Ask me about membership to the club.
WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE FOR ME TO DO
Wow. RT : Did you know? More than a third of builders say they use a tablet PC like an iPad for work.
every bit helps #yearlingfund thanks again !
I like a woman with a future and a past
friday night in milwaukee..anything can happen
Long line of cars heading over Loveland Pass WB due to I 70 fatal ax.
My night was completely made by this!
Sometimes I wish I was a white crayon. Then no one would use me :c
Ugh I'm ready to get out of Michigan
Hm. What book vs. what show?
Yep no problem, hopefully you'll be able to make it! :)
The latest security trend... what works ...what doesn't...tell us your story in 150 characters.
2 things in life that will carry u a long way... Common Sense & Common Courtesy
Sorry guys, I've been watching baskeball #Celtics and Hawks tied in middle of the 4th. Pierce leaving it all on the court.
It feels great when people come. Not so much when they leave. Feeling lucky to have amazing family and friends.
Ordering from Ching Hwa!!
Yes, yes he is.
Stand by your man.
RT : Breakfast books are now available ! Just dropped them off.
Haha I Still Listen To Chiodos.. Such Good Music..
i don't cus because i am in god hands but forget u
Yes! Let's go Badgers!
Wait, did I just hear speak *against* UT-bashing? The devil is throwing ice cubes in my drink.
Gonna tear shit up tonight.. Maybe :)
hehe thanks again :)
you should be in Bloomington!!
Omygod. I'm now one of those idiots with a cracked iPhone screen.
1st prep class was a success,did some across the floor&learned a fun dance.Next class is Aug 20th!Register here: www.toroshomecourt.com/prep
oh boys will be boys
Maybe ciroc will revive me
you are welcome. that song always lifts me up. Are u willing to work in any part of the nation, 4-year or 2-year institutions?
to receive a free EP or LP from one of our Plectrum Artists!
I missed a big day yeaterday. Busy today too :( Good luck
I sometimes wonder who who actually dongs some of these chicks and gets them prego. Guys must not have any respect for their cock
Surrender is the place to be right now! Only
