skittles and rainbows, wow! Lol
Can we just get to the winner? #thevoice then the singing can carry on
He's as relaxed as Santorum's anus. -
We do not have to romanticize our past in order to be aware of how it seeds our present ~ Audre Lorde |
Hey Wonderful Burgerville fans...Hawthorne BV is now open till 11pm in the dining room and midnight in the drive thru...come by and say hi!
Watching #swsa Howl-O-Scream rehearsals.
Same ole shit just a different day 🌅
you won't bc the world hates you.
Rainy day bingo: see an umbrella get turned inside-out. Check.
Sunday, see a best-of selection of steampunk shorts in Seattle, 5pm at as the Marvelous Meandering Cinema Salon tour kicks off.
Thnx 4 a great time at #2012PSS . It was a blast hangin with my #GIS brothers.
#NorthCarolina... Shame on you.
In this case, "snobs" would be defined as people who like to have a better chance of getting a job and higher pay.
I've been kinda busy, haven't really thought about it. And I don't think you guys care what I'm doing at basketball camp :p
VISITORS HAVE AN AFFIRMATIVE DUTY, AS PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR PERMISSION TO VIEW THIS WEBSITE, TO KEEP THEMSELVES INFORMED OF CHANGES
Collecting archaeological data sure is a lot more fun than writing about it.
Today a stranger came up to me and put a rat in my face. Interesting day in
Those are my favorite words!! :)
God damnit, why did Frank cheat on Michael?!
I was a lazy student K-12, in college, grad school, the first several years of my poker career. No longer. So many resources to learn from.
we stopped by with some of the corporate team to have an ice cold PBR
Heejun not a shock for bottom 3 on American Idol.
your welcome
Shooting with the #MkIII & #MkII side by side in a low light environment the clear winner was the #MkIII. Low light focusing is amazing!
Hello peeps
yes that is lol .. so whatsupp been a while
thanks for the follow Napa Wine Country San Francisco
I am bout to get dauged for this smoking is for women with no class
I KNOW!
CAN I TRY
RT PEOPLE SIGN THIS | Ensure that every child in America has access to an effective school library program. wh.gov/Wgd
“: If you see someone getting bullied and you laugh or you don't do anything too help than I have no respect for you.”
happy #waterwed tx! tx for the mentions!
Kid-tested, mother-approved. Or...wait.
Flat ironing this hair of mines!!!!
the ethereal-to-furious "In Memory of Elizabeth Reed" invited comparisons to John Coltrane and Miles Davis.
god only knows what went wrong and why you would leave the stage in the middle of a song
Move in move out. Hands up Hands down
It's Campus Community Day. What's happening on your campus?
if it makes you more confident I'll wear a bedazzled black tee shirt.
OMG! Sexy Sam is gone !
bye bye
I'm older than Fox is as a network.
Missin its only a matter of time baby
too bad it's so spendii
Super excited to tell you guys, we are hanging out with from this weekend. Send us questions for her!
And the paranoia sets in.
Good morning...
Come Check out our brand new dome area. with brand new mosaic in the pool
What kind of "grow off?" Challenges are so fun! :D
Thanks Kim. Looking forward to meeting you too.
Some weird stuff happened last night!
So Turns Out If I Want The Jordans , i Need To Wait Until September . #TheyTrippen .
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!! Check out Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
Fall is tailgating time!! Make sure you are flossing after all that BBQ, popcorn, nuts, & munchies to prevent future issues!
GoodMorning!!woke up later didnt go to school
please follow me Kyle :), lots of love<3 !! #ElektroNation :D
I'm so happy that #GodofWar: Ascension is coming out!! Such a hugh fan of the series!
Red didnt get ! Staying to black.
Beautiful. Way better than football. Thanks :)
M just had ribs coleslaw and garlic bread...
Let's get some runs!
i have a "pending" sync that I can not force to update -- connected via usb, and wireless, home or at work, itunes not on, etc...
Come on boys hang on
Yay! Alexis and Tea is what I've been waiting for!!
damn that sucks son
is the magzine only going to be in texas?:D
I am #teamfollowback !
It's Friday the 13th.... anyone going to see any #scary movies tonite??? The Cabin in the Woods comes out today!!!
#ATXCouncil postponements will include the flag lot public hearing
We got vegan "chicken"!
TODAY IS THE DAY :D
We’re giving away the new 16gb iPad during the NCAA Championship game tomorrow, get here to win!
Cooler today with scattered showers through the lunch hours. Temps hold steady in the mid-upper 50's.
No...No I'm really not.
Lauren!! Would you ever consider doing an interview for a journalism student from San Diego?! =)
Face Book cleaning?
Pumped to rock out tomorrow The Clifton Heights Music Festival , even if we won't have download cards to sell yet....
Apparently I'm too secular for some of my office mates.
There is no final act of love, / but death,/ No final act of death, / but the flickering of memories / left behind in life.
Girls have been sick so we stayed home from Tampa...relaxing day/feeling better...#SeaWorld anyone?
My hubby, got new Rigid LED lights on his light up an entire City they're so bright!
OPENING NIGHT! Photo booth with iPhone photog Greg Schmigel, food, pre/post show music with Community Center! JOIN US!
im going to bed early, sue me
Dreams are for everyone, you just have to believe it <3 Keep living your dream sweetheart ! Never Give Up ! #mahomieforlife <3
now i need a manicure but i dont wana drive there; good time to threaten mom
The phones and Internet is down at work
Oh, I've got a rage that could shake down kingdoms... Good thing that was just a dream.
hey can you please send me your contact, we would like to speak to you and cannot find your agent
Finally, they broke the window and rescued the dog! 98 degrees inside the SUV. The dog is alive and Animal Control took it away.
please let me know! I miss you!!!
Lunch with my night shift babies the only ones who haven't ate yet and
Flavor tripping on ice at ING restaurant starts now. Don't miss top chef Richard Farina show off his blade skills.
Love each other. Love Crunch.
First four wins should NOT count towards a school's NCAA tournament wins. It looks like a 16 seed won a game. First four = pointless.
the one at broad or the one on front?
Everyone I Know At UTSA Spends A Good 50% Of Their Day Asleep.
Parental Control# > Since when did it exist? Moral brainwashing or lack of parenting
Great Christmas!
DUDE. FOLLOW BACK!
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Mexico Kulaktik.
I haven't quite heard it. Is ur set tonight after 10 pm?
CanNOT believe I'm saying this out loud, but I NEED A FUCKING VACATION FROM MY WEEKEND!! (i know, *i* don't get it, either)
Yikes! I once did an apt bld in NYC...no idea how many prominent people were there (neither did they), over 300 pages!
Taking it one step at a time. I'm just happy I can see the staircase.
at least is here to try to salvage this monstrosity
hahaha and your teams rings!
Burres shows a kink in the armor...get the guy some runs Buccos!
thanks for sharing that with me ;) now i want one
pleaze watch our video on youtube ..Above The Natural-she left me too..Dreams are possible and thats what we want to prove!!
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. Fran Lebowitz
fuck the heat. I swear bosh looks like a Avatar
Our Apache Tomcat 7.0.26 has a hairball. (Resource not found)
#nowplaying The beautiful people,I will always love you , noma noma ay , Family guy theme song , Its my dick in a box. #where MY HEAD.
Isn't chastising Mary J. Blige the real ignorance that's reinforcing the outdated stereotype. WHO THE FUCK DOESN'T LIKE FRIED CHICKEN????
#inspired by leaders like #visionconf always good to hear about innovative project all over the country!
The Saints did, great game! Looking forward to next season now...
why hello Bitterblue, it's very nice to see you.
Sister comment on 'do w/baby's breath: It's good not to have nomadic tribes of flowers wandering through your hair.
Nothing has ever made me ashamed to be a comics/video game nerd except other comics/game nerds' behavior. Too much sexism, hate, idiocy.
11:11 and Say Somethin are absolutely amazing. I can't wait for new music. :)
Impatiently Waiting On What He Has To Say.
RT #Daniel: I've about given up on finding a job; no one wants to hire someone without experience yet I can't get any if I don't get a job!
its great isn't it ;-)
: don't melt your brain! Looking forward to reading your blog post! Yay #musetech!
Really? Knew it would happen lol
Knicks and Heat were big rivals in the 90's with players like Ewing, Starks, Alonzo Mourning, PJ Brown, Tim Hardaway and etc
What are YOU doing to get better TODAY???
It is meaningless, but it is fun to have over 1M SiteMeter visits and over 2M SiteMeter page views on the FNP blogs.
Happy Friday!
I'm back at work. The play last night was GREAT! My son did an awesome job! Can't wait to get home, because I've been gone for 3 days ...
#GWU in the last five minutes somebody won an iPod nano and another one tickets to the nationals.
taxes. done son. see you next year, same bat channel.
Part of the show's goal is to show that everyone will eventually deal with a disability - either personally or through family
at the airport...tempted stare at someone and say, 'don't get on the flight' and then walk away
Tents are all down.
can you deliver one to my house? lol
Sprinting in heels... probably not the best decision I've ever made.
Me too. I heard it's wicked awesome.
Thanking the big man above for waking me up this morning
living for the now, treating every day like the start of a New Year...I'm going strong
Y'all should play Road Trip Bingo: Late Night Edition (or something along those lines) to keep your mind off the roads : )
The Cleveland Cavaliers are hosting the Chicago Bulls tomorrow at the Quicken Loans Arena. Buy your tickets today by calling 888-493-0004
I am in this commercial and we have 8 more on the site so check it out and vote and view it so we can win our fame in the superbowl!!!
Atlantic city then Tampa :)
Can you please follow me back(:?
Best. Therapy. Session. Ever.
why do people insist on wasting maa time?
Ladies even though it may be cold out keeping up on waxing is essential, so by the time summer rolls back around you will be ready!
congratulations ! you deserve more :) ♥
3 good games today my pics, kentucky, north carolina, okc over the heat! Glued to the tube today yeessssss
#ILikeYouButNotEnoughTo date you
You're awesome, lady! Feel better!!
Do any of the boyz wanna be back on ABDC? Shoutout to Idella
I MISSED U TO BIG HEAD... WHERE U BEEN HIDING? ?? (QUESTION OF THE DAY)
wonder how Andy feels now? Another close-up game??
Exactly 70 more days til i'm on a flight to LONDON
It's a grind man we'll get to the top tho RT : thanks bro, ill be up all night draft work haha
RT : Wow - trains their staff on life skills, not just work skills. Happy staff = happy customers.
#Medeco training class - so there's 2 questions for you to think about. Done with break. Back to class. Next break in about an hour.
Days on Flame & side projects on Nuke is like a shoe swap mid-run & then running a different goddam route. "Where am I? My nipples hurt."
I knew you was gonna like him lol
I wanna see this OKC game Lowkey.
Bouta go comb this shit & put some lotion on my feet.
Taco Thursday has devolved into tantrum Thursday. I had to leave the table.
I bet I know who it was
Veggie Burgers are AMAZING!!<3
I love you so much.
How do I teach my children that opinions are like a$$holes without cursing? It just doesn't have the same pizzazz.
go Dolphins!! :)
you should let your paying customers know via Twitter what is going on and why your site is down and why no one can stream...
think about it this way....all net proceeds go to scholarships for kids pursuing an education in communications and social media!
Dinah Lenney is amazing! I was enthralled
We will RT our next 10 followers who say something nice for us =) ready.. GO!
Yes! RT : Twitter says we have reached our Tweet limit for the day. This is a workaround test. Did it work?
I had some fantastic Vietnamese sandwiches for Lunch. Something about pickled carrots, cucumbers, cilantro, mayo, pate and bbq pork.
What is your best method of memorizing copy? Sides?
we were so glad that you came!
A Tech Entrepreneur Hires People Who Fit The Culture - Investor's Business Daily
was there a lot of like scene kids :p
we're not playing phone tag today lol
"I will always love you Whitney"-Bobby Brown
and I love you !!(: We'll just start our own club !!
madison I'm leaving the states today /: heading back to Canada): but hopefully I'll meet you some day?? #BoyzHitCanada ?c,:
Feel so lonely in class smh
Labor Day was made a federal holiday in 1894..Happy Labor Day everyone!
EXACTLY!! LIKE THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW IMPORTANT SOME ARTISTS ARE TO US. THAT ANNOYS ME SO MUCH
Can't get a win this weekend #effword :(
ACT here i come
Meant to say 1 foot. Still snowing, but forecast is rain which is good, unless temp doesn't start moving, then its real bad.
now I'm #nowplaying la dispute.
I wont be put down, I wont be shackled. I wont be held back, I wont be tackled. I wont be locked up, I wont be thrown out.
Monday night TV season finales = AGT offline for the next few hours...
looking forward to Jack sharing his expertise on color and Happy VDay back
separated myself from a really unsavory office mate. yay!
Good morning Staten ... NYC ... Planet Earth ... Aliens
Theres always somebody for you.
it's hard not to take pics of your food there.
STOPPPit...she's so cute. I want to steal her.
Better than Jordan? Wow RT : In my opinion, Magic Johnson is the GOAT.
Making my triumphant return to Toni's Moody Blues. The last time I went there, I walked 4 miles in the wrong direction. I was moody, blue.
Omg I've been waiting for you to put this cover up :D
I just bought my toddler a potty seat and underwear. Not ready for this. And that's all the potty talk I'll ever do. Promise.
#edcampis session about flipping the language classroom -and the need to embed interactivity & feedback in out of class work
Repping at study abroad fairs in Maine this week. Today's and tomorrow!
FREE CHI ALI!!!
hardy beat angle with a Swanton from the top of the cage. Gail beat Velvet. Crimson beat morgan. coming up Storm vs. Roode.
okay.. maybe I'm a little gay.. For you guys. ;)
Just invited you guys to a G+ hangout. Join when available! :)
OH SNAP! THAT'S AWESOME.
Thrilled for a wonderful Thanksgiving with close family and old friends. Grateful for health, love and joy in our lives.
I just had a waffle for a midafternoon snack. What awesomeness is this?
Maybe I just didn't notice it previously, but it sure seems like a lot of 2012 releases are using Glockenspiel to great effect.
that's lame. I created one the other day for my site- have published yet but still. How's life?
This Chris Bosh is going to save the Heat from making a trade next year. The experiment of the Big 3 will last another year. Mark it down
I'm waiting for Baez to suggest that her father or brother was the father of Caylee.
I think it could be fun discussing which conversation option to pick with friends, not just running and gunning together.
Hello and Please follow. We need to DM a question re: a technical difficulty with Twitter.
Yesterday was awesome! So happy for #Bubba. Amazing pine straw around the trees hook shot! WHA??!!
I remember you wanted everything from me and once you did you left me just like that.
I hate projects :P
how did things go at your open house?
follow hes new to twitter.
twitter gangster..
Spending the day w/ Heather getting last min projects & things done because she is having her baby TONIGHT :)
Thanks! RT hey nice tunes and web page!!!
RT ": #MentionTo your favorite band ever."
Congrats on being in the top 10 baseball players by !! See you 4/13 for an awesome 2012 beginning
Maintenance on the site is complete! This would be a GREAT time to submit your pics like you've always thought about
No Starbucks in PHL airport, so settling for dunkin doughnuts instead.
RIP Heavy D. I can't take anymore deaths!
This is not a drive by-y-y-y-y
Why do they make you set an appointment time at the doctor if you don't get in til an hour later? Just really chaps my ass.
OMG I LOVE BELIEBERS :) I LOVE OUR FAMILY <3
Scaring white people >>>>>>
some kinda bizarre mojito/margarita Mashup at a joint in Austin. D E L I C I O U S.
At pianos n stuff in pittsburgh! Anyone else hyped for march madness?
too dark.
natural > fake
Bummer. Maybe the All-Army one then.
Most indulgent thing I've done at work is fan myself with hundred dollar bills Unfortunately it's not mine :(
For years my wife and I were the happiest people around. Then wet met...
aw, lonely!
What is a library without librarians? A stack of books.
Very cute!! Looks like you had lots of fun!
Well good morning my sexual beauties.
Awesome time at publix with my boo <3
Haven't Talked To My Bro Today!
I'm older than you and I've only been driving for a month.
I agree. The only way to combat it is a completely enclosed chicken run. Which is depressing too. But maybe necessary
thank you!!!
all i want is you, thats why i get so frustrated cuz ur not mine, and i want you more than anything.
I'm no lady but Biotin works for that also strengthens your nails and hair lol
Laker's got owned!!
moral of this story: i'm not classy & also not good at being a starving writer. re-thinking law school every damn day.
And now for something completely different...
RT : So Queens has a mascot named Rex The Lion, That cowardly lion has nothing on Bullie
for most in america marriages is nothing more than dating w/perks but no permanence...
And the world is right in its axis!
Try to imagine a famous witty saying that is not immediately clear
I'm excited for you guys ...un like me mines still to come ..but I'm really,proud don't up
"Unlimited music w/ Woodstock is better than iTunes Music Match!" True, but you can NEVER get hipsters a free Microsoft Live ID to try it.
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Usher was 'Yeah!' And I was like ooh, swagg.
Good work! sorry for the unfollow but twitter limits. Keep up the good work!
This is the second time in just six months that a teacher from Hudson's Bay has died in a tragic accident
Smile. It's contagious!
First rave! RT : Just ushered & saw the new musical First Date It's pretty awesome I highly suggest you go see it
agreed. I went and blew some dough on vinyl instead.
well, yes. And the city haha :)
my friends going away party at much more.
In Pitt for the game but apparently Big Ben is having his wedding today as well
was kicked out of TP for shooting w/o a permit...after she drank beer at the style shoot.
We're expecting the Space Shuttle Enterprise to fly by headquarters in a few minutes now
Sometimes I try to fall back asleep when I wake up from a good dream hoping that I can finish it.
Newt's warts are carcinogenic.
Hey just wanted to ask if you could help us the likes up on our Water Music Facebook page since were posting Natasha Pics up??
EarthLink giving away iPad 2 at tonight's first Tuesdays FREE drinks & food. 330 Monroe
I'm sending a :) because I can't formulate anything cohesive.
going to have these last 8 papers done by 2 pm no matter what. this just needs to be finished.
He said 'more ketchup' too. Then rubbed it in his eye. It was 'prescious.'...
you the one who drive, you pick me up dawg
Modeling context in RDF—runs into the same problems that Willard McCarty has previously discussed for XML markup
LMAO! #oomf thinks im dumb I was born at night but not last night boo boo...try again smh!
That moment on exam day when you realize you recognize less than half the people there. Haha
My story on is on page 8 of the today. Check it out in print.
Here's to the ICONiacz that were there to witness the first step foot on the ABDC stage and have been an ICONiac ever since...
Oh wait, that might have not been It might have been someone BATTLING BEASTIE BOYS.
So wonderful to see the beautiful, excellent, AWESOME female :D Mish, I love you so much! - ANG ;)
my birthday is in a few days and it would mean alot if you tweeted me!
Ooh, and don't forget your admission ticket!!
lesson learned
If I valued having my nose buried in a smartphone & sending sepia-toned pics of stuff all the time, yes, it would make sense.
One change affecting our universities today: a shift in considering higher ed a public good to expecting it as an individual right.
Will we see this type of tournament again? RT On this date 1 year ago, no team that reached the Final 4 was ranked in top 15 of either poll
an hour - thats a great sign!! fingers crossed here 2!
About to smoke and vibe out before work, though. I think I'm gonna go in there and just beast. Maybe.
"Do you wanna go do karate in the garage?"
Make sure your "Happy New Year" celebration includes us!
# Team goofy
Tuesday night in #PDX. Who has the best #HappyHour? www.broadwaycab.com
Teen witch!!
you can just say it on here
Here we go ... would you like to eat some (4) lobsters with me? then ill buy you a pet turtle
I wasn't saying it directly to you, I was tweeting. You have to understand there's a history of rivalry between the two teams..
Good morning to all I am the highly sexual, fun loving, and very open minded Miss Sasha - a stunning Russian Escort in London available f
Girl , ya lien
Inspiring week in NYC at #opengov partnership and #strataconf. Get ready for an avalanche of #opendata from lots of countries!
LOL IM GETIN READY TO MOVE....
follow me? please )':
LOL with you when that guy didn't know his own dog!! Someone revoke his dog ownership privileges!!
Outfit theme for tonight: aztec goddess
Skim Milk!!!!
At least your professors actually put up grades this year...
#Teachers come see us on Saturday to enter the #bike giveaway from ! We're excited that 1 lucky class will win a set of bikes!
PLEASE RT this....u think u have the best fans ever
"the best weapon against an enemy...is another enemy". - Nietzsche I prefer "best weapon against an enemy make them ur friend"
oh really
ok pretty chicky(:
You always get out of life what you put in... Remember that.
Lol keep liking my shit that's the only interaction I'll ever wanna have with you again
I shall do the azonto on stage RT : Yay!! Congrats, dear! And, on that stage, hear #Africa applauding! ;-)”
"dick in a buuutttttt" - The Weeknd
oh god. sounds like mine.
Rage practice this Thursday. Let's keep building on the momentum we got going.
loved your link
Will you have game audio on for the Butler vs. Florida game?
Great to have you here and did a FAB job didn't she? Look forward to seeing your vids!
“: Just high-fived that wall with my face.”
“: Let it go, bruh... #turnthepage” no doubt!” I'm with chub1! Move forward! Year Of The Comeback
Can everyone help me get more followers? Thanks guys!
Staying in town for Thanksgiving?
ill do more than cheer for you.
thanks for the follow,
hey jasmine!
That's also why being gay is a great thing, because I can choose when I want children.
Damn clippers aint got shit on spurs.
time to bottle my mead
Back to the tragedy that is Obama's insistence on leveling the playing field, European style ~ sink us to the lowest denominator!
RT : Saving my pennies in a jar for ALA this summer after reading so much about the awesome that was
Ok. It was 4 loses, but still.
Funny, I just posted this link about 10 seconds after you!
thanks for intel.
haha yeah I know!! I cant stand them!! I am so glad that I am the only directioner at my school. :)
Madonnas performance is kinda boring!
Good planning!
im 16 and im not afraid to grow up cas i will grow up with you and all #19miliions beliebers
ok have to go training with my mom too #laters wolf girl
happy birthday!
I'll keep him in my thoughts and prayers!
EP13s, group 14 - Charles Garten and Jessica Klein talk about food deserts right here in DC, where hunger is a norm 1 in 8 households hungry
wow, fun! enjoy yourself.
i want it to be friday already! ^_^
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially
UPDATE.. jus over heard a"wow this is awesome i got a free butterfinger!. this never happens to me!" as unknown girl passes by. son of a!
Hey everybody!!!!! What it do?!
awesome! We were together a week ago in New Orleans. It was great.
It's like I'm walking on sunshine.
Little late on this Bo Ryan-Uthoff drama, but it's pretty common to ban upcoming opponents to transfers. Entire ACC is potential opponent.
You finally shook all the excuses and started pushin' weight yet? #ImStayinSwo ahahahahah
follow back please
I'm so depressing. I'd unfollowed myself of I could.
I have a raccoon situation. strategizing on how to instagram this.
Just in case you were wondering if there was a stud you could follow today there is! His name is
tell your mom i said happy mothers day<3
Such a simple, yet smart idea: , which launches today, makes group gifts more fun/less annoying: bit.ly/q5yTEv (via fastcompany)
RT seek and you shall find, i tell you.
Sounds like my world. My beautiful wife has had chronic pain for more than a decade.
Didn't take my own advice, forgot extra flash battery. Had to use LCD manual focus & click out to shoot. Images were clear.
I know, you were the smallest thing ever!
So i filled out my ncaa lax brackett today ND vs Johns Hopkins in the final. Irish bring home the hardware #believe it
Ha, what's the point...
I'm debating working from home, but all signs SAY I should be fine in my commute & such...we'll see how it goes...
Your collection is truly one of kind. I think I just found my new obsession. And there's just 1 word to describe it "waow".
“: He can and He will! preaching this morn!”
I'm looking for a recommendation for a web programmer experienced in a shopping cart service called Elavon. Anyone?
topic specific sites like nasioc.com
After a long hiatus from twitter, we actually have some thing interesting going on. Michelle Bernard speaking at the Strathmore Mansion.
H.O.P.E. Hold on, pain ends.
Perils of "service" MT : Bth cultural & institutional. How do you deal w/ tenured faculty if u don't have privilege of tenure?
#florist flowers really do say: thinking of you
lol - if only, it's a "My Little Pony" fanboy - which for the record IS TOTALLY FINE.
awww you cant? ): im sorry and im in row 6...i think theyre only 30 bucks
I do it all the time. Unfortunately that means my name is "Jessuca"
pretty sure any chance is already over.
I missed you! I am off to St. Louis for my boys graduation. Thanks for checking in! Love Rochelle xoxo
He undress me with his eyes when am gettin dressed...Ha!!!
S/O to the person that just went WHOOP WHOOP outside my house
Hm...we do too! RT : hm I prefer zombie movies...
Please rule confirm that catch
I tried Narragansett Cream Ale. A pleasant malty and grainy character with a light bitterness at the end. Decent beer.
You in Austin? Have fun, be safe.
At Universal with the coolest people ever! , , and We're ready to partaay.
Batting cages && driving lessons today?! Hell Yea <3 ^-^
We will continue to do our very Best to serve Atlanta people to live in a bugs-free Home ... tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
: come up whenever ur ready to get balled on
I'd like to think so :)
hey how u been girl(:
Loaf Rein O'er Me
Kiernan McMullan, Juneau, Fighting Aurora, Kyle Scidmore at the The Project Lodge TONIGHT! Tickets will be available at the door!
Complete BULL&$@# that UK-UL is the EARLY game! Do they really think KU-OSU is gonna be the marquis game? Stupid move.
A number of us were saddened to that those at #MW10 didn't do those who went to #ALA09 proud and carry on fine tradition of snarky tweeting.
yes, i have :3
Top place you don't want to be when you're a seal? Open water.
Don't forget that tomorrow is Kid's Day. All kids under 12 get in free!
So will I, just making a suggestion.
Yes, yes I would. Now find me the man who has the cojones to do it with me ;) No geeks!
some stuff I'm reading from others with similar errors suggest that the owner of the file is not right or the path may be wrong
i gotta keep my head up!
tired home tryig to get jeydon to read my thing
do you even celebrate Thanksgiving???
You need to snap out of it, to many interested people around for that, let bigones be and let's chat about..
I want to win a #SnackAttack from this afternoon!
not I “: how many people wake up happy to go to work like me, cause they love what they do?....”
Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment
Patent trolls companies collect patents with broad applications and make infringement legal claims to get customers
Its sad now...& Shaunie should be ashamed at the direction of this show & its portrayal of Minority Women. SADD!
Okay! Let's get to work, people! (rolls chair over to coffee pot...)
gotta love it when the google adwords interface crashes inside google chrome
The Chalumeau goals were simple. To promote music making at an early stage and to equip pupils with sound foundations for future music...
aww thats okay, we can still hang!
don't we all wish we could have your dogs muscular abilities when we are all 80 years old. ;)
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee [while jumpin off the Titanic]
thank you, Erin!!! We are so excited!
Genius. Uploads automatically to a CRM.
Im miserable. But thanks for the attempt :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
Just let me know if you have any questions.
you should see the Viceroy in Miami...better yet, hang out at the pool on a Saturday!
Just started Bossypants. Hilarious.
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
the Rick Ross thing.
We are so close to 4,000 followers! Help us get it before New Years!
Thank you so much!
do you fish the Mad river at all?? one of my favorite in OH.. Now following..
hey, I had to pay the rent.
tha rap game is good hands with our youth
Thanks for following us back! AND thanks for bringing back Body Bling (no longer have to fly to NYC)! #tooexcited! XOXO!
daily #dressage tip: relax the hips! is the sun reflected in yr thumbnails? are yr shoulder relaxed and square? wrists vertical? lets ride!
bet you enjoyed that blue performance today. LFC schadenfreude.
- Coach, always liked your coaching style, compete and work your butt off in practice - than gameday is a fun, loose day.
#raw10 Do u rem when u could party all night n cant get up n the morning, so u call n sick n still go n 2 get your check @ your job?
This is the longest time I've spent on Facebook in FOREVER. Oh my lol!
Your welcome for the retweets. Like wise.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to Everyone..
.. no duh .. Im always attracted to creepy!! haha .. u dont think hes hot?? he made my undies flutter =p
No. Is that Rod?
I'm also doing the 'head in sand' / 'turn a blind eye' approach to #Pinterest. Had same feeling about facebook at 1st.
Getting my ship together
Get some flowers, make a card, kill a baker's dozens worth of people. The usual.
Just wanted to say thanks again for everything. It's a big help :)
When I feel good I sing and the joy it brings makes me feel good and when I feel good I sing and the joy it brings
Lessons from FIN- have adventures, come home and love somebody.
But of course! I love the '07. We are about to release the '08....needs a lot more time and I don't have the patience for that :)
"This program has made me the man I am today." Believed all of this, amazing to see the data. Way to go !
A Happy Friday to all.
yeahhhBUDDY rollin like a big shot.
Having dinner at Garridos with after Ignite Austin where we saw Adam and Michael Dell
If you are a guy, and you go tanning, I support your decision to come out of the closet.
definitely - it's very good.
Good morning sun -- thanks for the inspiration
do it and play ur best!
Fuck kids who hate their moms.
Vashoners, my second question of the day, where does one park for several days other than the upper lot at the north end ferry? A P&R?
Metta should cont to workout then join the Lakers during playoffs #sportsprchat, wasn't Bynums shot on JJ last year worse?
We all have ability. The difference is how we use it. -Stevie Wonder
I think I'm going to save up money just in case the Boyz decide at any point to come to Massachusetts, New Hampshire, or Rhode Island.
Thanks for including me!
I do love his work.
How was your week? How were classes and how's the product line???
many thanks to everyone who came out for the AS IF! fundraiser and auction event yesterday! it was great!!!
i just threw up in my mouth. look at those 'TEETH'!!!!!
#AOL on Monday announced a $1.056 billion deal to sell more than 800 patents to
Thanks that was so nice of you to mention. We hope you have a wonderful day....
is busy remodeling my office and design space.
Enterprise?!?! AWESOME!
Its awkward when your moms computer has been down for almost a year & its getting fixed and her back ground is of ♥ haha :)
Went straight from performance into rehearsals for a new piece. Thanks to our guest dancers & musician, and the #cherryblossom audience!
Wats the move
Dr. Horrible just gets better and better every time I watch it.
what's it called?!
If I Had A Gun you would be the first person i would shoot
#agents Looking for agents who are taking on new clients
Bingo! Although, I would have taken the answer, "his chin" as well! (just kidding) - Back to Alganon trivia soon!
Just witnessed give a woman an autograph outside the Hyatt downtown Indy! Love it!
WHAT THE HECK " LUSI.OB " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG..
The most valuable lesson man has learned from his dog is to kick a few blades of grass over it and move on........
Your karma is like ur shadow it follows you everywhere u go but in due time it will stepped out of your flesh & show ur true identity.
Hey people in Nashville area if you got a free hour this coming Tuesday around 7 pm come to the la quinta hotel, if not to just support me.
Special Epicurean Lite Schedule because of Memorial Day - Food will be prepared on Monday, ready for delivery or pick-up on Tuesday!!
Don't wake up in a roadside ditch
that's just my personality. I never wave-r.
Give ronnie the power
Eric and I spoke and in Senatopia Mississippi and we certainly enjoyed working with teens for tate. They are awesome!
I'm so there. Drinking buddy haha
“ Somebody is about to step back because they are surprised YOU stepped up.”
i use to want a bigger butt, but i realized that wouldn't look cute on me!
Til the day I die I'm screamin out top flight
RT : Bros Ro may need a rooftop annex today-! RT Serving brunch today until 3. 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!
my bad annual. Last MVP no, how about a game away from the finals in 2001?
Having mixed emotions. A billion different thoughts. Don't know what to do. Confused A'F.
It's like groundhog day.....dance around the room for us!! :D xo
FACEBOOK SCAM ALERT: Do NOT open ANYTHING referring to Oslo! Virus spreading, it is a fake!
did you not see that whole thing omg i know he's flaming gay
Anyone that follow me know how to do haircuts? Not like "oh yeah I've seen them done" but some talented ass work is what I need
When u text me "....." it makes me wanna kill u over and over and over again!!
The sunshine is nice. Having the song Sunshine on My Shoulders in your head is not.
I've got 2 free tix to tonight's home opener v. Hamilton Nationals. Tweet me if interested!
what can we do about what? Let me know what it is you want so I can give you a proper answer
aww that's a cute dog
Your brain is full of spiders, You've got garlic in your soul.
Comstor Takes Home Multiple &quot;Distributor of the Year&quot; Awards at Cisco Partner Summit 2012
Going to be great! RT : Last year's expo was so informative and fun! Can't wait for March 10th!
Read what everyone is writing about #Armando Galarraga & #Joyce blown call here- USSportspages.com
thank you!
So... I'm lovin' Kahuna's in St. Pete. Chilling' with Stef, her hilarious cousin Ashley, Jamie & their dog.
Titanic 3D, silly
We dont care.
please follow me💗
Twitter helps me forgive people. Because they are much more asanine than I ever believed possible.
I was at Best Buy last night and they said that Wonderland wasn't even in there system...?
oh, the horrors! ;)
Gainesville hosts Olympic rowing trials for Canada
I'd like some tequila paco
Tired as hell
need a catcher 25 played at dominican college
what's happening today?
haha oh craiggles, one day you'll accept us
is on a ROLL right now! If you're not following her, you have no idea what you're missing.
That and down my street, doing 40 or 45 in a 25 zone.
I'm gonna pop in some to get me going...
at Burgers & Cupcakes w Beth, Jackie & Maureen... Michael Connelly @ next table heavily salting his burger.
when the internet is slow <<<
Gotta get re-instated first.. RT Johnny wants to come back. It's possible there have already been discussions.
Ugh the only thing getting me through this studying is the promise of tempura udon
Appreciate the mention Nicholas!
cuz we cute
The weather better celebrate my being off tomorrow or else I'm littering everywhere.
Time to move out... spinning class !
": Republicans will own this #shutdown #Lastword" if it takes a shutdown to wake america up about r spending then so be it
I wish those friggin' owls in ny backyard would just introduce themselves already.
i would name it because its a sweet cute name and i like itbecause of that thats why. Soo yeah dont be getting like that =P
We're totally the 'woo' girls #SeniorBUreakfast #HIMYM cc
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
Why do people say 'grow some balls'? Balls are weak & sensitive, If you wanna get tough, grow a vagina. Those things take a pounding
mixing music, being creative, thinking positively....wondering when he will send the first episode?
So I think you should follow me and cause it would be sorta hard to make all your AMAZING covers with out us! <111
So while in WVA a parent from Florida reads my tee I AM Garner and says "they are one of the best organizations in the country"
take me to see that movie
Here's another "D" word for you: delusional.
Thanks for great dinner convo w/ me and Stella tonight! Yay for random meetups!
I will be negative for a sec and say that my 4.0 streak will end this quarter. All my medical classes are hard as Fuck lol
u should push Tehan into a puddle of acid.
Wichita! we heard a tornado hit your city! Our hearts are with you! Let us know if your okay
Happy Birthday pretty. :)
How fast do hotcakes sell?
I really cannot wait until #springbreak2012 :D
i'm listening to classical music in the office now. i feel sophisticated.
re: Q2 p2. do you find most stay and graduate or drop out and pursue their biz?
he was an entitled prick. I'm over him.
Very cool! (although it's painful to see quoting the Daily Mail as a source)
Balls deep.
Caring and concerned for yourself only will always blind you to the problems of others who are doing worse than you.
#Miami. Guess what? is coming to you May 18th @ 630pm. Master Class. Focal Point Dance Studio.
Kalleberg: All industrial countries have to deal with how to balance the need for flexiblity with the security of workers
On board with this. RT : The straight baseball cap brim is this generations mullet.
There's a thin line between "girl power" and man hating
The amazing world of German Hartboxes haha! If you want to see the most amazing edition look up woodoo monsterbox on youtube!
Thanks for your thoughtfulness!
Thanks for spreading the word, BEER is always worth sharing... except when it is mine.
Two people have been arrested in connection to the five shootings in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
It's amazing!! Loved it!
she so stupid for tryna to come at u for remixing a song by sum1 who ain't acknowledge her? She just tryna finda way to get back
People should DM me Q:'s I'll tweet with a answer.
Pacers don't want it bad enough
Sure, what would you like to bet?
#9RoundMinute: 15 Push-Ups followed with a 30-second Plank.
Since 1982, Car Crafters has provided quality auto body repair, auto mechanics and auto glass repair to the Albuquerque area.
really? That's great. I might have to give you a little something so you can think about while you're there
Half the battle toward better breathing is just a simple understanding of what must occur for drawing an optimal breath.
Doing re-writes for the play about our Veterans Fresh perspective always a good thing...
I love you wifey.... Go to bed.
The Hawaiian alphabet consists of only 12 letters.
Getting ready to head out for the shooting of the music video, I will keep you guys posted :)
and I was funny with only one cup of tea under my belt! Miracles abound! Lol! Xoxo
Welcome to Twitterworld, Friend!
Just texted :) wonder if he'll text back :)
You better believe it. I would follow you twice if I could.
on AIM: afteritendszach make my day interesting.
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! i wrote it
...why should you have to design a shirt yourself? Let us do it for you, for free.
Trying new makeup looks by but don't know which one to pick!!!!
They are watching.....
I want you to enjoy neighbors that care about each other in trauma n I want u to c how incredible sex is if you follow the orgasmic pages
who wouldn't fight for you ^_^
getting dressed.
So have I so I'm interested in reading it, but no on I know has read it :( lol. I got The Zombie Survival Guide coming in.
I got the flu and had to cancel my trip :( what is your next adventure?
Thanks Bee!
no. don't hit my phone no more boiiii
The lights keep flickering but the power is still holding strong
Now Following
U dont realize of how many lifes u changed U give me hope.u taught me to #DreamBig and Thank u 4 teaching me #NSN!
i'm a believer! “: Pleeze, my friends, welcome to active tweeting!!!! Follow him!
'I'm sorry, my fault, I forgot you were an idiot.'
I find it interesting that when Charlie Harper died, Allen didn't have an estate sale. All the furniture is the same!
#RT? BIGGEST Fan From Virginia. :)
The Artist? Again. Did NOT see that coming. Nor did we hear it.
What's up with Swagger jackers these days
": I do! ;)" you obviously know your baseball
With over 1000 #tarot decks in print, it was hard to choose which we would use in our system. Which deck would u like to see?
I am sure that has not missed talking to me one damn bit. :/
If you fuck God you have issues. Otherwise you're awesome ... Despite your republican friends.
Happy Easter to you and your family!!!
We all just coolin' it.
Looking forward to going out tonight with old friends tonight
the blue moon peanut butter ale paired w the abita purple haze made for a surprisingly fun PB&J experience in the burbs today..good stuff
great work, old man Landis told me about the session--let's hope the PC knows its a star-studded lineup.
Twitter & SEO-FYI-Your indexed tweets & followers help build the PageRank of your Twitter page with their inbound links!
I love Mondays so much!!!! - said by no one ever
Hotel Chantelle twice in 3 days? Apparently so. Come say hi
Jobs council focussed on 5 key areas: infrastructure and energy, high growth firms, national investment initiative, reg reform, skills.
hahaha I wish you could be here so we can hang out after school :/ miss ya! ps: I still have the teddy bear you gave to me
I'm slowly evolving into the person I want to be.
Okay then! Haha I'm in a hotel too but I can't see if the the phone has a red blinking light haha
after the storm
Nothing like a trip to the Chinese consulate (before my cup of coffee) to start the week off right!
Don't know if I can watch the championship game tonight
So I have a Boyfriend 
put my vote in for #phillychi officers - a great slate of candidates at all positions, and good to see back in the mix
i know my dude smh bro! how are u going to be out there?
from #groupme is final speaker at
don't wanna go to school tomorrow at all. :/
I'm ~2:15 and Steve is ~3:50, so both Green corral. 5th race for both of us, but I don't really train, though, thus the slog!
In the process of findng new illustrator for my bookcover, off my timeline & Staying positive & thankful for my publishing venture
My company is Summit Realty Advisors, an affiliate of KW Commercial
Atleast my sunburn is slowly turning into a tan. :) well i hope so anyways.
Oh I wasn't being sarcastic...I'm not going to Bridgetown, though, so NOW you should feel like a dickwagon.
yeh right...remember #obama and the WH r evolving...
I love your music so much. You have such an amazing voice. I'm watching "I Love You This Big" right now! It's a cute video!
no way ..... We cuter than Tyra!!! She all old now.
...to crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and appropriate their lame hashtag campaigns. ;)
RIP Elizabeth Taylor
PHLAME - occupational wellness program for firefighters. For info, or www.phlameprogram.com
low-cut and short or long, tight, high-neck line/backless?
ya i am! are you?!
lauren sound good? Haha
yeah I guess I am outta warranty... so I'm pretty much screwed
Yes, some maturity makes a big difference--but age without an open mind (which I'm sure you have) yields little.
So much shit happened today. So close to get on a fight. o man,don't get involve. Psh,you mad bro? Or are you on your period?!
I don't y my tweets tweets keep effing up!
check ya email !
can u follow me :)
Once again mixing Asian veggies w/ Southwest soup is good enough for me to eat.
Whos comin' out for the #TOP Voice tonite?! The Competition is really HEATING UP w/ only 5 weeks left!! Whos gonna win?!
Ready to launch our company! Do the right thing for your diet! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
GO BUCKEYES!!!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you blow up my phone too much !!
Washing my hair.
I don't hate LeBron but it was awesome seeing Granger stand up for himself.
thanks for letting us know. it's something i deal with/think about A LOT. great to hear back that u had a gr8 experience. :>)
No worries, happens every time Speaker Boehner stays in the tanning bed too long..that's his signal to turn over..
Foster family shortage puts more children at risk - The Guardian
I refuse to go to the gym without headphones
Trying to rebook a cancelled flight from this AM. Can't get through on phones (hung up on 3 times) and website asking me to pay?
haha such a great way to see me! Being dragged out of bed by John
I feel like I'm the only one with problems
Bitches Only Keep Talking When They're Getting A Response
I wanna wear shorts tm but im most likely gonna get shorted and dont wanna wear my gym shorts on the field trip :\
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament. -Oscar Wilde
Got my outfit!!! Mad hype :)
Glad you stopped by!Subscribe to the RSS feed to keep updated, and drop us a line when you have your site up!
Heather Mekkelson's show @ #OldGold c. 2008 : created the aura of a flood via fabricated distress of basement landscape
What video game is this quote from: "Do you have a plan to go along with that grenade?" Answer & win absolutely nothing except satisfaction.
I found it insightful (especially the powerlessness section; that plays out frequently between all kinds of people, I think). 1/2
. personally, i'm kinda surprised that obamar hasn't already installed minarets on the WH... what with being a muslin and all.
A woman without a good man, is a woman with a light frown... A woman without a disrespectful man, is a woman with a bright smile!!!
Lingering sent.. M...
Fuck who ever hating on me
What will I do today?
At the #noobrarian orientation at #flacon2012. Let the fun begin!
A girl, a girl, a bitch a bitch, a bitch a bitch
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys passed away, may he RIP. I loved those dudes.
The Oreo cookie turns 100 years old today. Got milk?
Ha ha! Not yet! But it's good advice for any present and future relationships!
I have tried to drink coconut water and I can't seem to get into it.
On our desk: an egg timer. Alas, no egg.
to my school
Just figured out my yearbook quote
I'm gonna print a picture of and put it in my locker & when someone ask if that's my boyfriend ima be like yeah(:
I DON'T WANNA GO TO SCHOOL!!!!!.
good luck today!!!!
I did...during sociology lol so how was your day!?
I am receiving excessively high RG&E bills & they won't help me figure out why. Who can help me?
My bad... today is not Thursday. CTIA Wireless call for speakers closes FRIDAY. Thanks
What the fuck got to say now?
I know, right?! Who knew?
"Werkin Hawd!" - We picked this up from Boston!
Hey peeps new single drops 9/26! It's gonna be hot!
He who distinguishes the true savor of his food can never be a glutton; he who does not cannot be otherwise.
Wouldn't be so pissed about people flaking tonight if the restaurant didn't require reservations.
Excited to spend the b-day with loved ones!
And k-state gets lucky again
the US is cooler:P
I was a "desk job" intern Folklife Festival. Got heat stroke on the Mall during set-up. Arg! DC summers.
I wish I could retweet that.
I can't believe they would even sell those shirts. This world disgusts me sometimes.
you're sweet. Thanks.
Happy Ash Wednesday! Goodbye $1 cream cookies from Giant - until Easter.
anti-gay - adj. extremely gay
Warp Tour this summer.
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 2
Just had a great meeting at e
performance difference btw bionix-v &nero 5 wasn't big. huge improvement over stock though!
thank you so much for the birthday wishes!
yes! Account setup was a delight. Signed up then walked to thermostat and it said, add this account? Good ux.
Im actually glad track is over
who are yu gonna play for this summer? :)
Sometimes the hardest person to deal with is yourself.
Every were I go they takin pictures
I like the original!!The new. one has rebecca demornay as the mother!!
"you're dead longer than you're alive"- Karl Pilkington
(and, of course, learning from bad choices)
We will always progress as long as we are brave enough to dream,& to never stop trying to make them true
My 4-yr-old's new year's resolutions: "no more showing butts, no more nose picking"
I'm not overweight. God just loved my body so much he made more of me!
Add NBCSports Channel to reasons Catholic League + ND could happen. All non-foobtall sports on that channel w/hoops on NBC.
Hi Karter, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
We're hearing the Broncos will schedule a press conference for 1 PM local time (3 PM est) to announce Manning as QB.
Gonna try to go to sleep. Leaving tomorrow 😭👎💔
I am tired of being single now!!:(
Nice! If you ever decide to turn this one into a print, count me in ;)
#e2conf begins tomorrow! Visit the booth or one of sessions, and get excited about the #betterway for
The big problem Barack Hussein Obama has with gay marriage is it goes against his religion. Muslims HATE gay people.
maybe it's better that way... ; D
Just saw my exact make and model of work-issued electric pencil sharpener listed on Etsy as decor--a charming retro accoutrement for $37.
Well those that are trapped to "do what they are told" are building a generation of ineffective people destined for destruction.
Have to find that recipe. Can't remember what I did but it added a nice texture/enhanced the jjajang sauce.
LVA archivists will be on WWBT tonight from 5 to 6:30 pm to answer questions about the our resources for genealogy. Call 345-1212.
Anticipation is often better than the real thing.
Looks like Claire Moore's email typing might have to #ComeOutToPlay this week
I've done quite a few other projects since then, too. My most recent ones were shortfilm "Firewater" and series "Bail Out"
Hi - Thanks for following. I added you to two of my Twitter Lists. -Benjamin
I can't believe I leave tomorrow. Wuttttttttt
Going on a limb here ... Rickie Weeks will get the walk-off.
Booking up fast for Summer! Engagement photos, family portrait, Pregnancy, Weddings, Senior Portraits...
Good 2 See doing his thing on One Of the Best
It's Election Day! Please vote for me today... Touch #78 on your District 117 ballot! Thanks now and always for your support!
Tons of brand new music being added this week! Tune in and tell your friends... It's ON!
I do wish y'all were still here. 'y'all style.'
Sometimes I feel like I could use the olde "my code is compiling" excuse when waiting for a puppet catalog compilation :\
Brown sugar pecan gelato and iced coffee. Wanted to get out a bit and see NOLA!
Championship Coaches impose their will on their players! Brown does not have that personality
where are you miss Laila v ?
Going to be a good year this year
Consider it done.
It was great to learn more about how to experience O'Keeffe's #NM for ourselves today!
no but I have feeling for him, and I love him more than a friend
Bf will be over at 10:30 since he's seeing the Hunger Games... Get your priorities straight ;)
#PeopleNeedToStop Nd Look aT Them self Before Dey Talk Bout SumbodY Else !
that is so precious! lol so cute...
They're releasing lots of Republic titles on Blu this fall & saw they're listed as dvd distributor now on IMDB.
Sure, it's crappy that I'm leaving work at 8:23 PM, but it's pretty awesome that the sky is still light outside.
so where's my follow back then?
Just a random picture
Absolutely. RT : Awesome to see Steve Gleason on MNF with Drew Brees. Great to build awareness for ALS.
Ha! I guess it does. That was supposed to post from my other twitter handle, between images 1 and 3. Whoops.
Good luck to our neighbors tonight in the #playoffs! Go !
Thanks for spreading the word (and love) for the Q! Any chance we'll see you here for the Said The Whale show on March 2nd?!
If its Pats vs 49ers, baseball can't come soon enough.
We have to reduce the barriers of entry to test whether new tools work for each student, says audience member.
Thinking about EdCafe on the role of the federal government. Sessions address different issues such as Civil Rights, economics, etc.
Did and I just eat breakfast with Eric Sheninger?!
That is certainly true... though dress up night on Saturday SHOULD help with that... I would hope. Have fun without me!
writes some really badass music...hopefuly well get to do the record next year :-)
will do shortly! Need artwork *fast* for patches I think. (nothing else time critical, right?)
Was 2011 the year of the great paywall? Not exactly
Looked at daycares for my little noodle.I can't imagine leaving him, but he looked like he was having so much fun.
#DontYouHateWhen Motherfuckas rush u and then when u get ready they take all day.
Got my best friends birthday present! She's going to love it! ❤❤
Is it weird if 2 sets of twins dated eachother. like bro and sis dating bro and sis? xD
Everyone go follow ;)
left for tiki disco without me. I feel like kevin from home alone when he wakes up and everybody is in miami.
Vince Young
Thanks for believing in us! We're glad to work on your jobs.
5 weeks and 6 days until Pretty Little Liars. 9 weeks until I graduate. Life is cool.^^
I've learned that forgiveness does not change the past but it does enlarge the future.
Tupperware is fantastic
Romney and Brown make same weak HCR case. Good if done by states but not by feds. What happened to country first?
I'm out here!
No, it's worth turds. The whole thing seems sloppy and his mo' is jacked. He can win blossoms later if-when it does qualify
I'm great, thanks! What's new with you?
The upside of all the fresas watching the soccer game in rags- It smells phenomenal.
have fun tonight girls! and Happy Bday again little Ashley :)
Finally got the store reorganized. Have an awesome wall of #boardgames now!, and will be bringing in more soon!
well thank you for making great music!!
THIS RACE WAS SO EXCITING! ! !
5 people in my 6th period now that the seniors are gone.
haha okay okay calm down I'm out of class now :))
I confirmed that you do in fact rank #1 on Google for your first name :) Great to hang out with you in San Diego!
Navy Recruiting in Chicago will pay you to become a DENTAL OFFICER for the US Navy. See how you can make a difference
my worst nightmare !
I hear ya pimpin-pour a 4 for me too kinfolk!
pLEASE FOLLOW ME! :D
I hate those kinds of questions!
that pic is yummy
Bath & Body Bistro is open for business and ready to customize a gift bag for your Mother's day . Come on by and let us help you pamper her.
after evening sex with someone else? Lol
Mar 17, 1932: Churchill's ship docked at Southampton. He was presented with welcome home gift from friends, a Daimler automobile.
so wrong. but on par with expectations.
In afraid to lose you, but your not even mine </3
So much pain. I freaking hate my wisdom teeth, just take them out already :(((((
That... Was julie
I will probably hear back from him soon.
stop what?!?
"Time should be made available during the day for activities in which music is the primary focus of attention for its own value."
BJ did awesome! I was sad that Ken Flo didn't put up more of a fight though. Lil disappointed. What about Amir Sadala?! Bad..
Issues of domestic conflict are rarely so simple. No doubt he's a bad guy, but it's important to look from multiple perspectives.
I dunno what this says about me but I was just overcome with guilt cause I remebered a customer asked for lemon for her water and I forgot..
#ozarkproblems RT "Honey I almost married a cousin a mine when I was 14"... life in the ozarks
Great to see so many bikes out for #NationalBikemonth. Please remember to share the road and be considerate of cyclists.
your birthday is in 1 hour and 27 minutes!!(:
Thanks for the follow.I'll follow back. (7 words right?)
Peter Yarrow to Capitol protesters: If you hang in there, you will kill the bill.
Hello Kris and how are you? Were on the 13 website can i find the 13 best of. This past week it was ice cream. I can not find it
"The fear of man brings a snare, but whosoever puts his trust in the Lord shall be safe." Proverbs 29:25
Is this an endorsement for Mitt Romney
pretty cool
Guess who's back on twitter ?:)
Hey do you got skype or AIM so I can shoot you an IM real quick.
Reptile house #jhudczoo venomous toxic skin exists.
ok hurry up Asap
BJ vs Diaz makes most sense now right? Assuming Dana keeps him?
'habitat' images in from Peter Kearns , Seth Butler and Chad States
Nothing but butterflies right now.
Something inside of me is changing. This could be bad.
do some thing on this ATP run.don't just be satisfied being on tour. F.A.I.T.H."fantastic adventures in trusting him" Blieve!
Take flight...Young Mike
if u FOLLOw i'll
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that A Day To Remember is my favorite band of all time. (:
If we calculated unemployment today the way it was calculated during the Great Depression, unemployment would be 17%. In 1931, it was 15%.
RT: URGENT UNVERIFIED: Plain cloths police planning for staged street fights as an excuse to attack people, please stay calm and silent
Working the popcorn machine at the concession stand is hard work and people get really fiesty about it..
Sometimes I say jp even when i'm dead serious,, just because I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
2nd Wednesdays tonight 7-9pm! Learn about the new James Webb Space Telescope and how astronomers are using it to look back in time!
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
Follow me
10 pm on a Saturday ... And I'm going to sleep
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven; it is my inheritance, I suppose
Making Orange Paint out of flour for tomorrows shoot... Looks like Cheese
sometimes i wonder out loud do we really have privacy I feel like Rockwell Somebody's watching me I got no privacy whether on land or @ sea.
You mean Brad Paisley!?
cuz I'm so late for filing my taxes lol + my dad sending my laptop finally SMH
God I am drunk! Are the NFL games today?
I guess Alice Stewart can advocate for truth in campaigns now that Bachman's no longer running
Hey buddy....i heard some grl said hey to that asian n he made that tweet his favorite tweet
When does semester end for you? Have an idea for a pw/dir "speed rehearsing" thing-y to share w/you.
#Gingrich: I learned a lot of those principles from Ronald Reagan & Margaret Thatcher. No, from Lee Atwater.
And Marcus is going to make sure doesn't make him cry! So glad we're not LA right now.
Today I called Canon tech support AGAIN & went back to the Apple Store. Apple says they're waiting for Canon to give them info for an update
Updating my database today. I get marketing property to other brokers but I don't get marketing your services to other brokers.
No, not at all. Heck, I still refer to Deer Creek as Deer Creek ;)
um....it's been already done, last #halloween. ;)
are you already done?
Yikes, what an epic meltdown,never recovered from game 1. Kudos to the Kings. Took out Vancouver, now the Blues. Unbelievable hockey by them
Thank you guys so much for saying this :] It means alot! It really does. Neon Trees are amazing!!
Happy Fat Tuesday! What are your Marti Gras plans?
Do you live in an area with a lot of tattoo parlors?
I said to myself...dont do it..but I did anyway lol i made an account haha ..follow me>>>> x_XNitaX_x <<< im way to into it!! ;)
I plan on stopping by at some point this evening :)
looking forward to see show thursday!
what he do?
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
You're a ridiculous question.
Chef makes it look so easy! The episode will air August 15 :-)
RT : needed a UML tool book 5 minutes ago. Somebody please write "UModel the Missing Manual" or "Head First Enterprise Architect"
And that was my 15 mins of depression on to something else
You pick me up just to push me down, you like me best when i'm on the ground.
"No one talks more than a lover scorned" Lesson? BE NICE TO YOUR CUSTOMERS!
rahh. i never come on anymore...
Getting ready for a debut novels presentation with and I heart new books.
Pontius Pilate failed all of his T/F Roman Bureaucrat exams for similar reasons.
I love him, Kurt, so I kept wincing every time they got a cocky quote out of him.
Weed is the key that opens the minds eye!! Let's smoke:-)
I hope you drop dead! - In the mouths of enemies at times sounds like "Farewell!"
Never fails. Lunch is here. And now the customers are too.
Opening night it's on! How can they really be in danger when they're camping with #Thor?
did you see the video :o
I want the concert tickets for Justin bieber in Holland !
I just got to Brouwers and will be around if you guys want to meet up. Otherwise I might be down sunday again.
D.R.U.C.C.B Destroy rebuild until craig comes back.
Geisel Library 24/7 space during finals has been planned for months. This is not response to today's activities.
I wanna see The Avengers again. :)
Desire a #swinger discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
JUST IN..Packers go out of business & were forced to give the rights of Lambo Leap to the Hawks for the Shaw Shimme.
Not as depressed as I was before! I think I just needed to know how he was feeling!
home again, and almost got everything picked up for later :)
“: Andrew Breitbart was the most innovative pioneer in conservative activist social media...” That's saying a little.
Headin' 2 Carswell Fitness Center wit the Folks 2 burn sum serious cals
I kind of want a Doritos taco ever since hearing talk about it. I really hope this isn't my last tweet
Idc man. I just really want to cuddle with Liam
..which sounds like pure, top-of-the-totem viciousness. But you make a sound point: it can be hard to tell that from the outside.
And here I thought this was another fan pic of a band I don't know.
yep. Watched a couple of the vids from the tour on youtube. He sounds good. Can't wait when the new material is release.
you from dc bro? nice
Orthopedic postrapedic air pockets huh!?
haha did they sing grease lightening? Keeping it classy guys!
That video is *really* hard to watch sober.
happy birthday! Still on for a lunch date tomorrow?
ha! nice
this is painful. I feel sick.
where is the pic?
Good morning!
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus says he hasn't been contacted by investigators in ongoing probe involving Gov. Scott Walker aides.
Loyola supports love!! Having a great time at the drag show!
Thanks! RT : Happy Friday - Last day of Social Media Week LA
I'm sorry what did you say? I wasn't listening.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...that everyone claims that 1 drunk picture posted on FB could make you lose your next JOB!
Had an awesome meeting with the talented producer Steve Scott Harvey! I can't wait to start working with him!!! Meeting at CAA tomorrow!
Snapshot from one Brooklyn Park precint: strong Republican base turning out in Senate Dist. 46, long-held by DFL & late Senator Scheid.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps My Understandings by
wow! R.I.P. Slim Dunkin
were u at ?
Transatlanticism while watching a lightening storm = perfection
Dear Postalworker: Waiting on my copy of Wolvesbayne from Netflix and getting VERY IMPATIENT!!!
I hate when ppl ask me the same question twice.
selling anything i can get my hands on
haha i thought u put a lock on it already?
Its all about the Heat Jay, sorry Lebron did Clevlend bad but you know what he brought to that team, and now its his time.
I've loved and lost...
SF Red Bull I bought in the gym tasted "off". Sure enough it was expired. I must b drinking 2 much 2 know that.
We have a show this Thursday night at The Grape Room in Manayunk. 105 Grape Street, Doors , $7.
whats goin on im back I just had to pay my phone bill. That's why I couldn't come back on twitter. :-)
Nice stop in the back field by the Gmen!
Breakfast at with my two fav people :)
You think you know eclectic until you see #PinkMartini (at Town Hall last night) #SaoriYuki was a highlight. Loved her Puff the Magic Dragon
Thanks for the follow, enjoy your day!
No worries. Congrats!
Love going to a mayoral candidate forum where it's all about jobs-jobs-jobs!
Derrick Woods-Morrow, one of our seniors, has won an Addy Award for his graphic design. Congratulate him, and watch for details later.
Happy mothers day!!!
just ate and im full. Miss u all back home!! Happy thx giving everyone!!!
Tom is pretty awesome.
I've make a lot of mistakes in the last 11 years. Marrying my wife was not one of them. Love ya. 11 years and counting.
I wanna stay up all night and watch the DVD until we see the sun! :) #1DVDforme :)
Umm Fenway ten out of ten times
This needs to be a lyric.
- You have April.. I'm thinking you're talking about May?
Vendor at work hooked me up with #Cubs tickets for tomorrow. So that's cool.
that stuff is like cheese flavored oxygen.
PR Research
of course!!! Anything for you my dear!! Lol see you soon!!
I'm rolling sweets, smoking sours.
If you missed on Iron Chef America, The Food Network will re-air the episode on Saturday at 5pm
TONIGHT no love? relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch gonna fix that on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
#StarshipsVideo we finally see nicki in a swimsuit xD
good luck. Hope you win big
i would think that would be expensive...but it costs more because its technically fully managed.
yep! how could u tell? lol I'm a free-lance photographer still building up my experience & portfolio : )
You think #FriendZone is bad...try being in #SisterZone...:/
“As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.” Andrew Carnegie
FlourAustin, thanks for following us on Twitter!
follow? will follow back bro
For some traffic offenses, Texas can now force you to pay the initial ticket amount once a year for three years I think.
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Alfa Bumhira,Kathy Orr, and Stephen Adams! Join us at the next event www.nbmbaamilw.org
Don’t let anyone’s ignorance, hate, drama, or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be.
Happy Hump day kids! Splurge on lunch today! That should get you through.
Whale... But if its outside of water everyone loses.
I love dart wars even more now that I'm out.
Chris browns new song goes!
"I got a little bit a gout runnin down the Ol' left tit."
Just jogged/powerwalked the Astoria Park track for almost 2 miles without passing out. Awww Yeah. (FB)
I don't care what people say. Coach Bill Self is one of the most humble coaches in the game today! Doesn't say a negative word about anybody
Hah! I approve of any and all quoting of Caddyshack.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Sherlock Holmes... Spectacular!
nice! I think we all are :D You know how to get ahold of me, and I'll ROCK socal for you like you did NYC for me!
Polaris Group is pleased to share that we just closed the last Penthouse at 855 Croft today. (Great job Jackie!)
praying for not only Rep. Giffords, but also other victims and their families. So senseless, so sad.
just go to the site dun lol!
Good night Twitter world. Have to be up in a few hours for the real world called work!!!! Peace and Blessed Be!
hope u had a great concert, miss ya, luv ya, many hugs!!! Night sweetie
Awesome. We are all excited!
I think my crowning achievement was once getting into the top ten on the Tetris machine at Funspot.
It's Friday. Feel free to Toot Away.
Water tastes like water
whats your handle
iieeeww!! I concur!
Staying in a haunted hotel
Just don't catch me while I'm sober.
Progression is staring to be shown.
It's official: Saints announce Joe Vitt assumes head coach role effective April 16. Vitt will be suspended the first 6 weeks of the season.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 15
RT : 2) praise 4 Trump| Mickey, you're a smart guy. Anyone who praises Trump for anything but self-promotion is an idiot.
thanks fo the follow!
Aunt Holly is always dissin' me!
Well, I hope to see you at another event soon! I would love to pick your mind about paid media :)
Weed of the Week #651-Black Nightshade (Air Date 9/26/10)
make time to be silent before God, our lives are filled with meaningless clutter, find what matters before it's to late.
Shout out to dshawn for calling me & waking me up. & on top of that he was being a bad influence >.<
HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
watching Conan O'Brien =)
