what....a shock.
Front porch slight breeze good conversation kind of night.
John Reul thought it was funny to put my number next to 2 ipads on Craigslist....I put his number next to Sebastian on AdultGayFriendFinder
Some people have no filter...
thank you and for making my car rides more enjoyable :)
no. lol I'm not eve a pimp. :O
let the light of your face wash away my pain. For in your arms, there is no harm for me. I give it all, i cannot fall, fall away from love
@ a career x-roads? Join me 9/15 @ 12noon for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, author of Navigating Through "Now What?" www.theWATTnetwork.com
Lotties Lounge is proud to serve the 98118 community. Looking forward to spring!
no im just stupid
never understood how parents can think violence won't beget more violence ;-)
just wondering what thought of The Fray's version of the National Anthem last night???
Cannot wait for your class tonight!
tell you what; I'll write you a gushing fan letter. It'll start: Dear Reader, Thank you so much for actually caring...
Lots to think about re: staffing the ref desk with students. Butler has a good model.
Yet coverage by those old media-types of the Clippers—who are explicitly minor league—daily surpasses that of the
": LOITER SQUAD TOMORROW SWAG SWAG SWAG" straight Af ma nigha haha 1st time I'm actually guna "Watch" tv
Yo did you use to go to sixers camp in Pa back in the day with my girlfriend Allana?
happy holidays!
Our Special #Holiday Shopping Edition is in your inbox! Check it out today!
Hey thanks for stopping by before heading to #SMBMAD - sounds really interesting!
Hit me up if u want me to shout u out or send me sum tweet-peeps if u want me to follow them
Blair , oh Blair oh Blair. My man u are fine, fiinne, fione, as hell. DAMN u fine!
I'm new in twitter... please follow me :)!
The #UPEIAN105 exam will be on paper, complete with fancy schmancy university exam booklets.
It's official! I'm seeing you boys on June 28th 2013! :)
Plasma : matter ; y : vowels
Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them. -Leo Tolstoy
Over the #weekend we #lost a mother and a daughter who was killed by the hands of her father and husband. RIP
Fantastic weekend...sunshine today. Near 80 (great beach day). Sun & clouds for Mom's day. Highs in the upper 70s. Enjoy!
I've said that at least once a week since starting diet change.
Lunch at Smoke Shack - I practice what I preach - yum!
Looking like a disaster to school everyday. That's me. 😁
Seski hear big thunder. Fur wet. Go to cave.
glue what? A tray of shooters
how have you been?
#yvwebcast Question: How much prayer goes before each feature you introduce?
Chess can be described as the movement of pieces eating one another,
Would love to read reviews of first season STC and parallel to language/metaphors for Girls.
awww u and cutie look cute
rockin a photo shoot for the comic book in Hollywood!
Heh. I love that I brought highbrow to the Avengers episode!
I wish I was cool enough to have a private twitter
I hate how it takes me 30 minutes to make breakfast, but only 2 to eat it.
For steve.museum research, I'm seeking visual description archives (maybe created for Art Ed for the Blind progs?), analog ok. Anyone?
The most common phrase in China: "Hey! You look familiar!"
go 2 www.arenafootball.com and vote 4 dad into the HOF arena. go halfway down the webpage and will see HOF vote link.
Possibly. I may be at the Byron Nelson. Saw your brother today
i just realized i was your first tweet. #honored lmfao
speaking of top chef, in MKE tomorrow? Quite possibly the greatest news on earth!
Looks like it's really true. I'm deeply saddened - two greats pass away: one in the ring and one on the mic. Too much...
Join us tonight at Dave and Busters at 6:30 for the 2010 Arthritis Walk Kick Off Meeting. Free to attend.
Airlines will be required to disclose baggage fees.
Planning beta launch of Emerge Art Center within the Art Works Downtown space in San Rafael. Stay tuned for scheduling updates Marin peeps!
Hahaha my DVR'D dance mom miamis... BUT I'm thinking about starting Mad Men tonight and getting season 5 like you said on itunes
oh no it's some bullshit, love you too!
Arghh. More Frikkin toll roads replacing free roads in central Texas. Folk vote Republican then complain when they do these things.
bout to go to bodies exhibit!
okay I will, my 7th pd teacher emailed her that I wasn't there, that's why. Bitchasssssss lol
a CNN interview with optic bigtymer
No when Blaine was arguing with Kurt about him "cheating" i was in tears!! Lol
Go choke on cinamon for me
guy's rocked it tonight! I'll never look at tadpoles or Godzilla the same!And yeah, it's scary that my hubby knows that song!
every damn time it rains, there's an accident at the same damn intersection on my morning commute.
Can it be august...please
Good day to make things happen yo, If you aren't about business then its a waste of time.
We love Him because He first loved us. 1 John 4:9-10
I'm moving quickly toward being either for or against everything. For example: I am against starfish.
American Reunion.. Movie is hilarious.
did you see 1D
#shoutout to I'll get like you soon
knowing him, he'd want to watch.
I have a new crush and it's called Content Aware Fill!!
u sound like u need a hug.. Or a cookie*
Tallking to my dad about relationsshipps
I'm gonna have to act like a faux romantic like to get a bunch of followers.
Evil little brat. :P
In 2012, organizers and exhibitors will continue to integrate tablets into the marketing, sales, and operations workflows of their events.
Went to the Concert last night. I had a blast! You guy's were amazing!
yeah sure
DC Get out and vote tommorrow! Show this govt doesnt move swiftly on #trayvonmartin They will see you at the election booth again in Nov
Oh noes! Torn away by the lures of learning Blender.
I. love my sister Sheri .
i now rko was going to win
Ppl I hang with:A real tall azz nigga,a short chill azz niggah,a tall dark-skinned nigga,a scrawny black short nigga,and..
If only I was smart and could jailbreak this iPod.
I know, crazy right?!?!
Cant sleep..... who's up?
u always seem to have a great time at work
they ran out of chicken.. and waffles.
when i try the least...i gain the most
A shout out to all the local social service workers who work to strengthen families and prevent child abuse and neglect
Irony. Reading Einstein quote that passion is integral right next to notice of three more days of standardized tests next year.
Who are the best brand consultants in the US?
has tried repeatedly to engage the Republicans, all they wanted was to make him and the country FAIL! No to EVERYTHING!
im from jersey orig but i live in vegas now
Things get testy between Prof. Dickel and an unnamed questioner in the HR roundtable!!!
Mee too ,, It took over my bed so im sleeping on the floor tonight ! LOL ;D
"We must let go of the life we had planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us." - Joseph Campbell
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
I'm so fuckin hungry!
HUGE THANKS to the wonderful Chris Tourre from for making AlphaBeer V a success! You rock!
it's okay. Thanks, well, now my iPod is charging so it won't die. I just wish the boys could read this and hit "follow" :)
That's what DeJesus said, and She said, "I'm going to do my research."
I'm done. Where the hell is Friday..
Burt Fisher from Prairie Hills has set the bar for the Faucet Repair at 19.63 seconds!
it's not the easiest but YES, it can be done...are you moving to NYC?
#DearTaylorSwift , thank you for being you. You're amazing, inspiring, gorgeous, beautiful just the way you are.
3 days down
What are some thing you would like to see me help out with in Dallas?
It's the Tuesday Afternoon Question: What was the last experiment you conducted in your artistic practice?
I can't believe what Von Miller said...doesn't he realize the Broncos might not get Manning and Mario?
Ice cold at that free throw line! The 'ship!
I just saw Frank Catalano walking down the street in a shirt that said "FRANK CATALANO". Who does that?
Thanks so much for the well wishes!
...and my poker game has taken multiple leaps forward. So I guess I'm...... due to take a big step back?
Hey everyone :]
"The day is mine The night is also mine."
It should all corners of USA
awww i miss my pplz :P
The self-checkouts would confuse and frighten all the senior citizens, that's why.
Jesus ignored their comments and said... "Don't be afraid, just trust me" Mark 5:36
Thank you Lord Jesus that AP II test is done and over with! #Hallelu!!!
I can really see what is important to people.
sure:) x
Early morning and a garage on fire in northeast Albuquerque—a homeowner's attempt to put it out herself and smoke-inhalation and a hospital.
I am trying apple cider vinegar . . . anyone else do this???
Thanks, man!
#FRIDAYFIGHTAGAINST animal abuse
Sensors in learning analytics? Seems to be entering into an ethical grey area
Hi Jennifer, I want to send you an email, but the email address I have for you isn't working. Did you change yours?
RIP Davy Jones. I loved watching the Monkees tv show when I was little. He had the best voice.
Traffic traffic looking for my chapstick
My mom yells when something bad/not really all that bad happens but she will do nothing to prevent it from happening.
Hi Laureen, Thanks for the mention!
i swear my brain doesn't turn on until after midnight
I love how and are still soo close to their "mates" from australia even tho they dont see them very much!
After my daughter went to bed last night, my hubby and I cleaned out the refrigerator. What thrilling lives we lead.
Long day so far. I need a new car....
found a box full of liquidrone stuff this morning. lots of fun digging thru it. scans to follow.
After recapturing some of the losses from yesterday,it was right back into sell mode as prices hurtled disturbingly toward even lower prices
yea. Did you ?
Trey Wingo is still a massive tool.
no game tonight, but catch us in action next Monday at Goodman Field, 8:30 as we take on the Hitmen!
because I said so
One of my favorite quotes!! RT : Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat. ~ Sartre
completing an artwork site
QR codes used to turn prayer into audio stops at a local Episcopal school to engage early readers. Pretty neat idea!
I wouldn't call myself hardcore... but if it runs the risk of hurting her I won't do it.
Well it just #obviously wouldn't be a King's ceremony without a well-intentioned slam on Inviso.
And you're seeing what happens when you do that. Who cares? At the very least you have Courtney and several others from there
Going to the Magic Kingdom w/ my nieces today!!! Lots of excitement today!!!
Planet of the workaholics?
do not settle for letting these waves settle and for the dust to collect in your veins.
I had a bunch after I graduated which was great. I was able to get a loan for most of my first year. But, I'm paying that off now.
Happy Wednesday, Mike!
where do I text u now then?
I just saw pajama jeans at Wal-Mart. :( Really?
Nothing but laughter at IMPROVFEST! #W&M's IT is hilarious!
Get any Antec fan case. Amazing price and performance.
Why lie about things? You had the balls to do it, have the balls to own up to it.
#SinceWeBeingHonest Let's admit it, that sometime, we all Retweet a tweet because we want someone to read it, and send them a message.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Reading MRS COONEY IS LOONY by Dan Gutman wt my 8 yr old son. Hilarious! Cool gateway book. Work him up to the harder stuff later.
At church pretty sure I'm about to burst into flames...
Christmas Cupid! =))
BUT WHEN WE TOUCH,I REALIZE,THAT I FOUND MY PLACE IN HEAVEN BY YOUR SIDE ...:)))
Im Gonna Be Up ALL Night , I Took That Long Ass Nap !
is hiring! Please spread the word... Interested applicants can email .
How are you do u want to come to our school middle school at parkside Manchester NH
Well, at least it's Thursday.
and if you got something to say about me mention me bitch , dont let that soft shit fool you . . . . .
Kobe tired !
What a great body, man!
definitely! (just so you have context, Andrew and Melissa are engaged! and he's super awesome!)
If I had a dollar for every coupon forcibly crammed in my tiny mail box, I would be able to pay of the #US deficit. AND buy some egg salad.
What a busy fucking day!!
Cool! Follow us dm contact info RT : Oh let do it
And or my virginity.
goodnight! Your amazing and wonderful and I hope you never change!(:
When my boyfriend is drawing me in draw something I get excited, until I realize he drew me getting hit by a car. The word was
It's puppy day! Now about 7 weeks till we take the little puddin home
Just started on Curb Your Enthusiasm! I've been missing out on brilliant comedy all these years...
thanks for the tip! sounds cool. Am definitely in need of something like it. Checking it out! Xo
We felt bad for Calypso but he looks like he's getting along _just_ fine. :-D cc:
There's nothing like VEGAS, we offer DISCOUNT RATES and for the CASINO PLAYERS Comp Rooms plus more check us out @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I'm happy when I wake up with unread text messages.... Not so happy when I find out they're from Twitter.
#ImSickOf people who bash on Twilight nonstop. I don't like it either, but damn..
TURN THE BASS LOUD TIL MY EARS BLOW OUT
My brothers girly friend !!
when is your fight
u started out of trouble lady night? Cause u be cursing people out and clowning, lol
Lol my exs step mom told me I was to pretty to be wasting my time on him....gotta love her<3
so, I've decided to be you for halloween this year. suggestions..?
that's what we all do good luck :)
Just Released a mass email and now everyone knows! Jack Squad coming to all major retail outlets May 19th, 2009. Get Ready for Release Party
About to head in to work, keeping my head to the sky and hoping for brighter days cause' lord knows this ain't the life.
And some ppl well say its not a good idea idk!!
I know lol it's so messed up. If you're a chick liking a guy getting out of a relationship you're a ho.
Killed it at Triple Threat again tonight. Home to recover and be subjected to the neighbors' yippy, nerve-grating dogs.
IF I DO FOR YOU WHAT YOU DONT DO FOR ME I THINK YOU GETTIN OVER FUCK IT
Whats up turtles? :)
WATCHING OUR NEW #NEVERSAYNEVERDVD ..
Maybe "NOONIE" will get some outfield play?
Lol at most haunted.
It's freaky how Onion-esque the news from Congress seems lately (well, more than usual..)
omg everyone keep tweeting #2010biebersyear ! (: come on .
OMG okay that was the funniest thing ever! Are you 5? Lmfao I love ! :)
i know but i've been getting so much crap from my mom lately that words seem to start hurting more again
So my sweater is hand wash only?! Man I ain't about this life at all. I need to call over #oomff 's
There goes my baby!!!
heading out to nebraska. Just saw signs for Rockford. Hope all is well.
Happy Holidays from RMG!
Happy Hump Day my tweeties! :)
i feel a little late on this one....HAPPY BIRTHDAY #KidsInTheStreet is awesome. Thanks for giving the world such snazzy tunes
Holocaust trivialization is just below Holocaust denial on the sins-against-decent-speech ladder.
I love how I always do everything I am supposed to and more...In the end I STILL get the shitty end of the stick...There is no Karma
This weekend is gonna be fun.(:
I know it's embarrassing for you, but every time you mention dubstep I think back to when you pronounced it "dead-mau-five" lol
Super soaked.
Cool. Hopefully it's something I'll be privy to. lol.
Cool idea!
Let's make that a habit! Hugs!
I think i sent it to the wrong person aha. hold on.
hey every1 I am over tweet limit again :(
Common sense often makes good law. ~ William Orville Douglas Associate Justice United States Supreme Court (1935 - 1975)
: Monday's sneaky like that. I've learned not to trust Monday.
The Choice looks awful from the commercials.
thanks for the FF!
I was intrigued w/all your info. I listened to recordings like 20x :) Wanted to include all story details but word count limited me
Is that Lizzie Maguires best friend on New Girl?
We're excited to have you study here! Let us know if you have any questions as you prepare to come.
Happy Mothers' Day to all you moms out there. Have wonderful day.
Happy Resurrection Day!
Sometimes I find houses so confining
RT : 37 US campus occupations so far this academic year. What do you think that number will be by Friday?
i have a meet on thursday im running 2 events
*3000 voice* ICE COLD!!!
Watchin waiting to exhale
why'd you leave?! Redondo is awesome!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Game at Union City 
Glad to!
i am so done
#TellHimYouLoveHim because his mother hate u
There's no end to the hypocracy & self contradiction; no wonder they've ended up w/ a guy like Romney.
I'm not sure if Brian McKnight is serious or not. But either way, its brilliant. He hasn't been this relevant since he started Back at One
yeah i hit u up so i could pick that up but no answer
Blake Griffin is an atrocious passer. Not even recognizing what a quality pass choice is, but executing a standard pass to the chest.
That I know! :)
i'm alright! How about you?:) i LOVE YOU!!:)
"A real man doesn't make his lady jealous of other women, he makes other women jealous of his lady"
cant to hear her sing
shoutout to #family the realest thing u got in this fucked up world
I just got to view the documentary vid from our week at Red Bull Studios LA. I love it! I can't wait to share it! SOON
#fangirling right now ! since you said you love austin <33 That sessy beast !
Let me finish that thought, thank you Lee, Sue and our fabulous models!
One of the best movies of all time.
l'm sure they'll postpone it
The devil is a lie!
Today is shaping up to be a TUMS day.
As much as I am... RT : Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
is about to knock the socks off Can't wait to see these guys go in. Every campaign is killer.
Yo, shout out to Interrobang Films...they are a bunch of brilliant surgeons when it comes to filming/director/editors
Cnt stop believing...jst live ur life and never give up..
3 unfollows, 7 new followers. Such as life we all move on. Keep telling people to grow up on Twitter, you tell jokes on Twitter all day ha
Hope my dad is okay, he's in Alaska & I'm hearin they had an earthquake?!
not falling for this again.
Thanks! It's appreciated
I have only two 2010 Navigators left...come see me Tony Shannon 678-668-0075
#ConfessionNight when I'm alone at night, I think of worst case scenarios.
On May 10 would celebrate the All IN graduation, just 7 more days!
don't buy drugs
I shoulda went out 2nite but I was too tired
Santa Monica improved to 17-6 & 7-0 in the Ocean League with a 75-52 victory over Inglewood. Solomon Singer had 20 points and 12 rebounds
shut up ugly !
Congratulations LOBOS!!! WOOF, WOOF, WOOF!!!
Man oh man. That coffee just did the trick like no other coffee. Went from sheepish to alive.
whats up redhead?
All the children and their parents are at the zoo today. Parking lots full. Neighborhoods full. I'm escaping.
You're so kind. Thank you!
Whenever I see a car with an "Italia" bumper sticker on it, I always write “Gen” in front of it because I’m an adult.
followed :) and merry christmas eve <3
will you ever change your avatar? Make it match the show theme! Like the next one, spandex.
RT If you are a fan of B.F. Skinner's work, boy have I got a treat for you.
and it probably helped kelly stoltz pay his rent. Hooray that licensing isn't just about main stream bands anymore.
I'm so jealous.
talk to me RT : Tf am I spose to do in a half hour for a break at work?
Pageant moms disgust me
Just watched "Joe Gibbs racing" and I have to say go Denny Hamlin!! I can't wait until the 14th!
think snow!! that's the sign in my neighbor's yard. btw - it's 81 degrees in miami today.
Girls need a pimp I mean a manager? I need some $ where? Customers
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened "...
Until I get a diamond ring, another ring will just have to do.
NGOs are lagging behind in the use of social media..They can even have a hybrid model where they also broadcast the tweets on radio
I know haha I had like an 87% goin into the final so I'm gonna be right on the border of an A and B if she doesn't curve
Our dedicated followers: Help us bring quality information about hybrid and online teaching to educators. Have your followers, follow us!
Yeah it was fun, encouraged by the large crowd
I wonder if will ever notice me
In non-Rahm news, epic happenings in Egypt today. My thoughts with all there fighting for freedom and for a better world.
Feeling horrible. Did not expect that.
I like dialogue that is all about who the character is, not all about the writer liking the sound of his own voice.
trivia night at
call Jenny xD
The big game today is #MSUMich - and a big WIN it was for the SPARTANS!! It was about time we show those fools who's boss! #MSU 64 - Mich 54
Taking the day for myself.
Serving this evening: Grilled Wild Salmon w/ our own Organic Chard, argula, yellow tomatoes www.ilpiattopdx.com Making melon sorbet 2day
Android Ships 33M Smartphones to Lead World: Canalys
it sucks lol... now its fine.. but I thought you went up there because you had something lined up? Is there anything I can do?
Early returns on th #Packers draft is a big double thumbs up from FREEMS
Mike Brown just threw up in his mouth on Live TV. Good job controlling you team busta.
Yes, me and Rick Ross. He held it down this weekend. Much Love.
Bye to all ! /: see you later bbss!
unfortunately, a common occurrence/mistake on the web!
also with that fire smoke not being heathly for your breathing it's also not good for the skin pls make sure to wash ur face!
Europe holds its breath as France heads to the polls (News)
Why is Playa Fly still performing in clubs tho ?
No school for me today -eating miked's
I’ll be here until [UMW] & I decide otherwise… I’m 77 years old, totally blind, and legless. I can’t go out and get married. - James Farmer
Thank you for listening! Leave a voicemail sometime, k? :)
Clean up your act; your story's getting dusty. Wash out your mouth; your lies are getting rusty.
The mall it is
What this I'm hearing about WIll Smith. What is going on???
It takes me a week to find time to read the Sunday nytimes - how do people get a new paper every day and not feel overwhelmed?! Ahh! :)
I had a good time with my baby look forward the next time
Technology has made our lives easier, the downfall is that we are too dependent on it.
#iss2011 is maintaining vast print collections is very expensive and we need a new model? Paul Courrant
I think about Chipotle burrito bowls way too much.
confirmed jelly
TONIGHT! Irie Sundays. Reggae Music - Dancehall - Soca - More with +
Lets go Nadal!
The Meek Shall Inherit the EARTH
Lol trying to get ready girl.
Somedays your the bird..other days the bird poo...today im the poo.
Error 404: This user has completely disintegrated due to the existence of
LOL YES! :p
give wiffiti a look, seems to be pretty neat. Can display hash tags and certain users with a customized bacground
"That teenager sure must hate pumpkins!" My toddler channeling Navin R. Johnson from the Jerk to explain the sad sight in our driveway!
Mexican resturants make most there money off drunk college kids
Brain Floss: Several studies have found that black or green tea has ntibacterial powers that help prevent cavities and gum disease.
I want to wish my wife a #HappyBirthday. Hope you a have wonderful day wife!!! I lowe you [with a strong Indian accent] ;-)
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
music makes you lose control.
I fixed the gutters today. Now I'm waiting on it to rain so I can see if they work. Is that sad, or what?
"God didn't put us on earth to be ordinary." Coach Lou Holtz
ABC Family does that too (PLEASE don't ask why I watch ABC Family :-)
M yes a glass of Chardonnay. Aromas: Lemon zest Green apple Toasty oak. Structure: Medium bodied Balanced acidity Rich finish
Thanks to REBIRTH BRASS BAND and everyone who came out to TIPITINAS Saturday night!
's songs have always matched how I've felt along life's journey. Feels good knowing u aren't the only 1 feeling a certain way.
Sunday is Earth Day! #Miami is celebrating by Saluting the Sun! Join 3 fab teachers for a 90 minute yoga class at 10am. Only $10!
If only that we're true. I'm just an admirer.
Finally got my inspection sticker. Some loose wiring was making the engine light go on and off.
ha! Next time!
“: Worst words to hear: "get on the end line"” so true yuna:)
>Thank you
End of the top of the 7th, OLLU and HV tied at 1.
Poor dogs. After all these years they still freak out when I start screaming at the TV.
When random people talk to you.
#Hungry Enjoy a #Usinger or #Groppis #sausage CheeseMart #Cheese Breadsmith rolls #Milwaukee pickles &a #Sprecher cola on this fine
I feel like I'm a hopeless romantic
Why can't release the album right now. Seriously y'all I'm going crazy, I can't wait.
will help create jobs in the US unlike many other pet products. It's all natural and made using alternative energy sources.
Wateva Guernes lol..... your still considered a HATER in my book. And if you didn't kno my opinion counts lol...not YOURS!
gotta love truck fires at 5:30 a.m. shutting down the interstate. hope driver is ok
We really are like twins aren't we? If we ignore my limp, straight blonde hair and your gorgeous dark curls! :-)
Hell no! Hate those fools!
Like on the way back to LI
I would choose team umizoomi lol
yes, would have liked to catch up with both of y'all face to face!
RT : #atlwomen Sometimes things don't fit anymore. Friends, environment, etc.
What a dinner on the lighter side? Try our atkins platter, thai lettuce wraps, green smoothie and more!! #nydinner WE DELIVER
thank you :] now following u:]
'American Idol' Finale Predictions: It's Scotty's Time
not im not the same person is you, i different.
Not sure why it is so difficult to find a normal roommate in the Orlando area.
#ThatAwakwardMomentWhen you're eating lunch & someone's toupee falls off. <3.
And let's not talk abt teeth omg if I was a nigga I would be so picky and u couldn't even suck my dick if ur mouth ain't no a toothbrush
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. – Jim Rohn
You think Im buying a house or something?
Are you enroute to #BlogHer11 ? Let me know! If so, u need to stop by our Happy Hour for a cocktail tomorrow night :)
Networking is one activity occurring in media which, when used properly for business, creates business value. How's that?
Haha! Oh are you?!
Just got a twitter?
Has finals week next week. Fuck. -.-'
breakfast, lunch and dinner ....plus 3 baskets of chips.
About 50-60 #DCFD Firefighters just took seats at the #StateoftheDistrict address. This should be interesting.
Starting my day
Trying to decide if it's classic rock or modern rock in the office today... hmm.
As did I. I am happy happy
misses me..
Free show tonight 8PM at !
So sleepy!!!
I dunno if I've ever seen that many empty seats for a BIg Ten game...WTF!
My son's spring concert was a success.
thanks for the love! Will keep you in the loop and share the goods soon. I love what you're up to. Perhaps we can collab! ; )
NBA Playoffs
Has lost a contact ugh!
Whilst gazing at the mirror, he realized he knew and understood more about the mirror itself than the person being reflected in it.
Yo mamma is so dumb that when she put paper in front of the TV she thought she was watching pa-per-view.
it's not too late! happy you made it :)
Deal or Dud? Coors Light Home Draft = Dud. The tap stops working when jug is half empty.
y are u so quiet tonight. i know u have alot too say.
“I was born with a reading list I will never finish.” - Maud Casey
unless keyword in Ruby: keeping DeMorgan's Law alive since '98
Transcription of testimony regarding malicious destruction of someone's church pew ca. 1725
Cabinets and Toilets are all 50% off at the Clark County Store for a limited time...we're overstocked! Come get yours before it's too late!
My sister said she gonna have a BF. I was like what?! She said A Bitch Fit!
I almost forgot how nessicistic you are X'D
Having a productive day despite the tasty beverages from last night.
That's quality parenting! Nice work! Enjoy the Wisconsin sports spectacular this weekend.
is Sterlign too "old school" to be on Twitter? #Packers fans would love to see him on here!
copy and paste me
Know you got a roommate call me when it's no one there
Can't wait
Spending money on just me.
and as for Hulk, I thought the writers did a great job of showcasing both the terror of him & great physical comedy.
Another day at school... :( Nervous/excited :| idk what to expect!
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln.
Lol. You got that right. Got something for my name sake
RT": Hey mama , we chillen next week though right." Hell yea! We need to shop! I'll be there I think Thursday
Mind Eraser > MT : Only 5 More Days Until our Season Pass Sneak Peek. Which ride are you going to ride first?
Something that I didn't think I'd have to worry about in 2011... my fantasy basketball draft.
you are an angel sent from heaven FYI RT
If you care for social cycles, that Dr. Who contributors chart would make more sense with a log scale, eh?
"If you want a rainbow; you gotta put up with the rain"
not too much content in the concept. Green frogs too...
damn it.
even tho i havent talked to you in a long timee, i still think bout you! & o,boy when i walk behind you your smell carrys everywhrre ...
My friends get me thru everything (:
Sometimes our work on issues within ourselves is the hardest. We (the ego) judge ourselves so harshly.
hang in there lol
What makes GREAT Instructional Design via
NICE! Work that thang! =)
he needs a better pd
I would rather love now & face the consequences later than to never love at all.
I bought our winning ticket for Friday. See you in Vegas!
Thanks for RT. Read your Nov 27 post but only after mine was already live. Thanks for IU link.
yo im so in love with yours words and how u express them .....
On this day 2001, P. Diddy, was arrested in Miami for riding a scooter in South Beach on a suspended driver's license. That's funny!
like Alex and Austin <3
Bahhh! You know I so wish I could be there! Have one on me!
That's lovely. Happy New Year to you all.
We are proud to introduce our newest partner, , featuring gorgeous, handmade jewelry by local artist/designer Lori Clabaugh.
Can I just take a vote real quick? Anyone else out there think that Joe Anderson (who plays Max in Across The Universe) is REALLY sexy?
Live and DIE by the 3
Wouldn't Ziggy be a better comparison? Little guy trying to hard to make it big.
“: It's now baseball season.” .... And slowpitch softball season!
if you charge $70 per head and leave red meat off the entree menu, don't expect me to come to your banquet
I made my momma cry this morning....in a good way though. I love that woman lol Happy Mother's Day
Happy birthday :D
Shit I'm chillin watching the game I'm not going out till thurs RT : what you on
"eat a...stuffed ball of shit" -scott loving me.
ready when you are!
Loosing Respect for people is my Theme for this past week
I can't freaking wait to see The Avengers!!!!
#wtf #furthur practically sold out the #beacon in a few minutes, I don't think many tickets are left for the remaining shows. Hurry
Is there any bigger punk in soccer than Balotelli? I've hated him since his Inter Milan days.
Did he answer you in the form of questions? RT : A4: Alex trebek, he was a cruise mate in the Galapagos
I moved around quite a bit. I've done it all, SNF, HH, hospital, school, acute...
Fish is food not rubbish! Don't scuttle the discards ban on Monday
my friend loves ur music and today is her Birthday! :-)
Nice priorities, jerkface ": ...finals are ruining our lives. No dice tonight. #FUCKYOUSCHOOL"
Feliz San Valentine
Visited my friend Anthony in his rehab center tonight.. So proud of him & the progress he has made.
Not guilty, but still a baby killer
Hey Rachel! Didn't get a chance to say hi. We need to chat soon.
Just deleted all negative sounds and whining hip hop that took up half my ipod. Optimism should never have enemies.
city for Lenny Kravitz. Raphael Saadiq opened and is fantastic. Check him out.
Might as well give Cam Newton the MVP now...at least according to Jim Mora.
Working on another #5kday at Dancing Goats Coffee in Decatur. M, gingerbread latte and completely wretched writing.
I tried drunk packing before this trip and didn't go 2 well. Been trying to piece outfits together all weekend
Im about to clean out all the clutter in my life........
Actually, it sounds like your describing the guy I saw. I didn't see the cat at first because he had a dog on a rope too.
Feeling good tonight
'old school' is the new school 'old fashioned'. On the flipside, 'postmodern' is the old fashioned 'new school'.
Welcome, soldier.
yeah you joke alright but who is the one getting the 40s right now?? LOL YOU.
Good morning Bullets fans
TWEET #1500 ! I dedicate this to #teamDUNDEE. Shutout to the best friend a guy could ever ask for! May babies ROCK!
By Carter Maness Azealia Banks may have as many songs as beefs at this point. Following her recent spat with T.I. and Ig
In Chicago. Getting food and then resting up. Big week ahead & looking forward to it.
Our Lord & King reigns forever!!!!!
Look at me, I'm the King of New York! RT : Woke up with Newsies songs in my head. :)
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm on a horse.
Just got one of your T's Alive On Purpose Logo T-shirt Can't wait to wear it. !!!
We so just won that game!!!
Don't make buttons that say "publish". It scared people. Try "share" or "good enough" instead.
Hey guys, you found me!
let me cough out this little carbuncle i've got in my chest; they say it's called a heart.
glenn was just on.
Thanks ! 5-10% of people remember a stat. 65-70% remember a story. You do the math...
No day is guaranteed.. .rest in peace Whitney Houston. My heart really aches. Rest in peace. You have done your justice here.
I'll be in San Diego Sunday and maybe Monday :(
First time watching "full metal jacket" great movie......
Admit your mistakes before someone starts exaggerating them.
AWW! Well maybe someday!
Only 58 followers /: Come one people. Help me out here ! Share me and I'll share you back:)
Some females think they better than they are. I'm the one to put them in they place.
nice talk. Eager to see in what other ways Facebook will promote frequent lightweight interactions w brands
seeing this eases the pain of being a #Browns fan...haha
We have a couple of great foreclosures that R in move in condition. Pls contact me 4 more info. Gates and Mendon
All men of action are dreamers. -James G. Huneker
Is Google Voice nu beschikbaar in BE?
Ginny keeps sneezing and I keep saying bless you. After I say bless you she comes over and licks my hand. D'aw.
Thursday maybe. Sounds like a good time.
Oh thank goodness, for a second I thought you meant (I get David Gibbons and Debbie Gibson confused all the time)
Why is it always me. Stuck in a haunted warehouse...
If Im going to have vet they need to be able to actually play, play winning basketball and know how to win.
so stressed with EVERYTHING!!!
Big night. Burnett has to get us through 5 solid.
I supplemented my income while home pregnant & now and w/my little one. A huge relief for me! Happy to explain if you need.
no webcam...
While I respect any players decision to walk away when they choose to, it's never fun seeing someone go when they can still play well.
hoping for a productive day
It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all
is looking within, with intent, within tents, with intensity, within tent city.
The only choice I had was selling ______?
maybe wen im done eating
At this point, I'm pretty sure I'm colder than Ice Cube.
#Reginaspektor best vocal drummer...around
This weather makes me want to play volleyball with Firman
thank you :)
Happy birthday !
the jersey I stole from you. I don't even know where it is now
GET MONEY
Where the wild short boys are?
Crap!!! School starts today!! Uggghhhhhhh
OMG. "Y.O.L.O you only love #onedirection"
Who wants 30 minutes of free coaching? RT and follow us to win! use #coachwho - winner announced on Tuesday!
School was good :) <3
Slept in, still tired. Long night. Busy day a head.
it wasn't a low blow babe ur right that's what were suppose to do..it was a personal thing and how I am :)
:D I got you lol.
What's the hardest part of making monster soup? Stirring it.
my brother fixed my other computer!
It's kind of hard to get over you when you show up in my dreams...
Brother Bones - Sweet Georgia Brown.
Just counted 14 retweets in my newsfeed from about the masters... I now know bubba won and apparently it was a great shot
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL THE FATHERS OUT THERE <3 TODAY BELONGS TO FATHERS AND LETS MAKE THEM FEEL SPECIAL
LOL I'm at Denny's off 15th and MLK fam RT : I really want a #11 from #Whataburger with grape jelly...
Fred brill: this strategic plan will guide how we allocate resources.
I was just going to try to figure out how to contact you regarding what that was about!
pretty sure it will...
Maybe I'll get a hug tomorrow. GN Twitter..
VERY NICE DESIGNS,PRETTY HAVE GREAT WKND,LUCY (LUCYWATCHES)
she's pretty badass
def squad sounds so much cooler than geek squad though...
I-Hop fuck yea itsthe best
Literally considering turning on the heater today.
what about wednesday or thursday??
i hear 's password is 654321 (see recent tweets from him)
Let's do lunch!
"Blessed is he who makes his companions laugh" -Fortune Cookie
you have been with me for the past 3 months.. i havent hung out with my friends for that long.. so yeah.
Has anyone followed yet? www.Twittitt.com .. if you have myspace or facebook profiles... you won't be left out either
Yes! RT : The first sip of coffee in the morning is heavenly....
2010-2011 Afternoon Youth Senior league Champions! :D
where have you been - love love
Still wondering aloud about the "missile". Very, very odd. Looks legit to me, not a tomahawk.
your journey into the train does not end at the door
Same dude from the block, still duckin all the cops, same story never stops #what I am
Lee's Pizza is giving FREE breadsticks with every order this week!
Dude..it's too late “: well now i would put him in for shooting”
105% of this movie is delicious-looking food and impossible fights from crazy canted angles. So, basically, it's perfect.
omg thats so sad my gosh
THIS --> RT : Who is this team? Did I take a time machine back to 2001? Playoffs here we come...
They get out after 20 yrs w/ no tech access & are completed alienated with how we relate and wrk in modern times.
Damn WTF, tell me y my foot went 2 sleep
I will have to find a way to pull through with Spotted Cow or Fixed Gear or Crispin.
Laugh - & see how much better you feel?
You know how the Parks finale made me feel? Like I was being ripped into 50 pieces and then sewn together again in the shape of America.
Don't give up on us because of one bad experience, please. Chicago has more to offer than what was presented to you that night.
HA. That's awesome.
You should work with my buyers agent. She's great. She'll show you lots of great places.
i can't believe ONE DIRECTION is coming to mogehen sun on may 22nd! too bad i can't goo :/
I think the #Pacers will give the #Heat a series but it will be the #Heat in 6
Aren't there a couple of places in the Rice Village? I think there's an Indian restaurant called Shiva?
sweet. We rolled out 1 of 3 new features today. Visit reports. Delivered to your inbox each night all leads collected for day
People always waiting for a chance to snatch you up when your girl/nigga slippin
I know it wasn't a sour beer. Honestly, I didn't enjoy it &. it's been really hard to sell even after passing out samples
Good luck Ken...wish you the best. Have a great time.
....its LINsanity! Love it!
My make-up is messed up from laughing so hard.
Best. Show. Ever. #whodoyouthinkyouare?
Haha, good man!
Now I am peering at G+ like a confused monkey. I used to have an account but I guess it was a different email than my main~
I have the BEST family hands down!! #RandomThought 😁
ack! password protected pages! I forgot to test for that! I will fix that in the next release.
My my my.
Good question! I predict more strain than happiness in their relationship.
Illinois certainly has the right to put contracts out to bid, but after traumatizing Human Services for 3 years, why choose to do that now?
*MOST FOR GODS SAKE
please tweet me a 'hi megan' it would mean a lot to me :)
List of one 112 martyrs have been killed by security forces in the Great Friday in Syria Http://on.fb.me/gbxD1C
I am back fro holiday.Turkey is so beautiful.
if it wade sense to the masses it wouldn't be "the way" or something like that Lao Tzu quote
Catch Feat performance May 12th in the BX, SEE FLYER 4 DETAILS
just hoping these times are temporary.
Other than that Mrs Lincoln, how was the play? “:making fun of Jason Russell....what have you done to try and stop
Responded to FIRE @ 610 Trinity Ave, Bronx, NY 10455. Red Cross auto update.
No, I was Oklahoma State, then UVa for my PhD.
Forecast for Overnight: Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 60s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Conceivian will be on the Advisory Room. Come talk to us on how we can work together to build a startup.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction.
iCloud...in my pants
Gotta start making a VIP list, lol
"Grace Kelly" by MIKA
Tonight DJ Clark Kent guest DJs w/ , & Come through!
i actually do mind. Im not buying you shit lmao
Got websites fixed and trying to get sales back up and humping
RT Hey, glad to see we agree there’s a jobs crisis, now are you ready to invest in America?
thanks Molly.
#FF Our partners are the best!
My father's album finally drops tomorrow, and he's been dead for 7 years. I hope that kind of luck skips a generation.
Lmfaoooo. The sub put some nature show on full volume
We are not as we used to be. But we are, still.
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
save water and shower together:)
What is going on Harrahs?cops!
Kid’s meals for just 99-cents today at Colorado Applebee’s!
watching big trucks carrying snow drive to and fro. but where does the snow GO?
I did love her.
Day 2 of our #vday love letter contest. Give us some poetic words about why u love us in 140c & win a $50 gift cert. Winner chosen Tues.
The ideal that Jesus loves you goes way beyond the Bible saying so.. He proves it everyday, all day - simply w/ the Grace to move forward!
Every time I hear Click-Click-BOOM at the B's game I think of impression.
is excited to try bikram yoga for the first time...hopefully she won't melt.
i really fucking hate my life today.
Yo, you at the computer! MethLab auditions begin TODAY! Wanna try out-talk to Matt McIver.
just got my #Boots2Asses shirt. It made my Mother's Day!
As visiting scholar, I don't currently have my own regular office: hot desking, really. So, no place to work from regularly.
FOLLOW ME! I'M NEW TO TWITTER :)
Guys follow we're close to 1.7k!!!
I SEE WHAT U DID THERE.
bad base running again.
is he a priest?
heading out to Melrose Elementary to write stories with kids!
Seriously ya made up my damn mind.
Not sure if I should be offended or not that Hennessy is sponsoring an NBA bit?
haha welcome. Anytime(: and yay!!:D I gots a boy twitter buddy!!(: haha
Closing reception tonight for 2 ceramic sculpture shows--with lots of pieces sold. Stop by from 6-8pm at 901 NY Ave. NW. Will we see you?
Good Morning! I finally got the need to get up and out of bed!
RT ShoutOut to because she follows me :) she looks chill and cool to hang with(: she looks pretty in her twittcon (:
When you tell somebody to do something their suppose to do it. So dont tlk back bitch!
This Valentines day, enjoy the convenience of Integrity's experienced chauffeurs to take you and your loved ones to you romantic destination
thx dog! You guys are looking great too
it feels good to deny people. I won't lie.
One Direction is Flawless
An economy based on bailouts and picking winners that llways loose, is his answer
DO IT TODAY! Change your profile pic to our profile pic to WIN a BACKSTAGE pass to #ExtremeReunion 4/28 in Philly. Winner picked Monday!
Sapphire, thanks for following!
FURIOUS #FIESTA after party going down tomorrow night 4 LADIES NIGHT ! $2 Bud Select,MGD & Melon Burst Shots ALL NIGHT! 21&UP!
Happy new year -_-
thanks for the retweet.. Hope folks come out!
hows it sound? Staying in tune alright?
Bing Keyword Research Tool: Highlights &amp; Limitations - Search Engine Watch
You’ll never find a better sparring partner than adversity ~ Golda Meir
Somehow managed to not tuck pant leg in boot before leaving house and have traversed length of city looking like idiot. Or bicyclist.
Aye little one, I couldnt text and eat crab legs.
the worst thing is to unfollow and unfriend people.
Someone help me, my boyfriends, Zayn, Harry, Niall, Liam, and Louis are stuck inside my computer screen.
CAN NOT WAIT for SPRING BREAK!!!! Teen Bunny Bash at Club 212!!!!!
Moves Like Jagger jumpin' jack flash is a gas gas gas
Join us for two Charleston area shows this weekend! Check out our facebook page for more info!
35 Students from Edison Student High School are out here at #WCULASO. Edison is in the house!
one of my favorites ever! In my head I sound like you when I sing it... #inheavenillbeonkey ;)
You should've been here! We are having a blast!
no problem. Good luck and any help you need, let me know. You will do great! :)
Super obnoxious Rangers fans in front of me. Keep trying to wave at Henrik. Even he's embarrassed for you.
Way to pretty of a day to be sitting at my desk. But alas: time to write....
I'm sorry, but I want to have an open Twitter relationship with all of you.
and be replaced by Bruce Pearl.
Our followers are amazing. Thank you for being interactive, helping promote our cause and doing the right thing for gun rights.
My right lung is passing it to my left lung since I have no one to pass it to..
I just saw a narwall on google.com in my submarine.
What did you think of the new floor layout?
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.Ralph Waldo Emerson
What a day!! TOO MUCH TO DO!! So LITTLE Time! I Need a Personal Assistant quite bad!!
Thx for coming the the HPH show guys!
I can only wish you had that voice
I've been up for 39 hours straight!!!
Chilling here at LSP ... Every single person here clapping and chanting "I believe that we will win". Best pregame in country here in KC.
We've been slackers in this new year! Time for us to make some cool announcements and great back up for the best 2012 ever!
Time is money ...
You can't really give anyone a break of a fun sized Kit Kat bar. It's not possible.
great information! I have passed it around the office.
Not gonna do homework because I'm finishing up the breaker manga which is way more important #
Two / researchers featured in the newest I Wonder... episode: and Thanks for being on the show!
I'm in my late twenties, and I can't stop listening to "Call Me Maybe." My heart happily races every time I hear the song.
Inner dialogue: Ever feel like you set the bar a little high? Me: What's a bar?
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x11
So all is well in the world? Really? Let's get ready to roll out the short program when the money managers have loaded up.
Congrats to all the winners so far and *thanks* to for giving them!
We can't wait to have you! RT : Can't wait till Feb 16th-19th when I get to perform !!!! 😝 cc:...
Hearts go out to the family and friends of Junior Seau. We are sorry for your loss.
Omg, she is so annoying
Hat trick! Inter!
gmail is down :(
enjoy your lunch. Let us know what you get and how you like it!
nice! Glad it was useful! Great endorsement from the staff of the year awardee! :)
Ancient Aliens must of run out of stuff to pin on the aliens this week ~ no new episode. :D
": I try really hard to look like Joan Jett, but I always end up leavng house looking like Chaka Kahn." lol! Luv that! 2FF
IMO, if the Bush tax cuts go it will hurt really bad, but we can't keep spending at current levels with these tax cuts.
": Who's going to watch our first place #Indians tonight!?" & friends
If you do make it, it will be great to meet you out of cyberspace :) John
I hate waking up for work.): oh well, here goes nothing.<3 atleast I love my co-workers.
oh you switched to a one piece?
Punk is Love!,with Respect for Self As for Others. Tomorrow be Kind, Learn from a Stranger. Help a friend. Reach! STAY STRONG. B.PUNK!
before or after she gave you that head!
To tell the truth, I stopped reading after instrumental folk
Day 1: no chocolate. It's gonna be a long 53 days....
kid brought lice home & i'm creeped out i did C any ON ME til bout 20 min ago.U can't get that shit on my head quick enough. OMG! HELP!!! :(
next time we need to start in North Hall because by the time we got to you, the booth was picked over. :)
GO BRAVES! Got that
LOL. Not sure why every DM comes thru 6 times. Weirdness indeed. Thanks again for sponsoring us. Can't wait to see the goodies!
I'd rather have a running quarterback than a cocky idiot from USC.
Some of the scenes in "Carlito's Way," starring Al Pacino, was filmed in East Harlem, in 1993.
Anyone think we'll see some social media records set/broken tonight during the #superbowl? We're thinking yes! Especially around halftime.
If you decide to do any shopping today consider Forever21 for that special little in your life.
Tx so very much 4 adding us to your list /legal-thought-leaders. Best...Brian
Thank you! RT : #FF Steak house in Los Ranchos, looks great!
Locking myself out and wallet in, has really put a damper on things. Party on my steps until the locksmith gets here...
It's not me!!!Ask Holly
Trying to get my tweet in the HP Labs dashboard on screen using the right keywords...
#DopeTattooIdea Outlines of the continents on my back
I think there's a rule about opening at least 1 Oscar montage per year with a clip from Forest Gump.
love love love that song !!! Makes me wanna be wild!
Sleeping all day and night sounds good.
#FF Special thanks for support, encouragement, comments, and feedback -
You too! Only 5 days until the weekend.... :)
RT GOT IT! Letter of Clearance has arrived. I'm free. Hooorrraaaaaayyy!!!
I JUST CALLED BOTH OF OUR US SENATORS, IT TOOK 4 MINUTES!
I saw the pic Hal posted on FB. Cute! You guys must be so happy! Congrats!
I think im done with_____for the of my high school years as i promised
Guys go follow my bestie follow her if you don't then u should delete ur twitter instead!
Thank you for the #ff!
Starting today, Many items are going down in price in our walk in store. AN fittings just got reduced.
Who's Chad Johnson?
Lets Go Giants!
And the young stay young....
yeah . N I havnt been on in a while
Just received a nice compliment from a porn star.
El oh el
There can be no spoiler alerts for The Happening. M. Night Shyamalan already spoiled it for all of us simply by making it.
What Original Juan product would you like purchase at 70% off? It can't be anything that costs over $10.99 per unit.
what the heck are cobwebs? are there lil cobs that spin them? or do spiders eat the cobs and they then become spiders webs...hm?
u give me belly rubs. i give us fuzz bunnies.
RT: What is meant to be will be.
Gearing up for TLA!
georgia's sort of rockin. until the rapping. oh well.
who do the packers play tomrrow?
An exciting showdown of WWE: SmackDown is happening tonight at the Laredo Energy Arena, Laredo, TX. We got your tickets here: 888-493-0004
Wow Man City. Un. Real.
#69 $Save Price Buy Cheap iPad Leather Cover with keyboard and Stand for Apple iPad 2 Tablet Computer + Vangoddy Live * Laugh * Love s...
Big, Pac, Hov, Nas, Rakim, Eminem.... If you can't respect that your whole perspective is wack...
hahaha I know right lol they left, I hid on my kitchen floor ;)
we took our 8th graders to general picketts 2 weeks ago! Are you doing a ghost tour afterward?
walk off homer you wet back
short bread. Wishing they were chocolate mint lol
Feeling like wtf
Found gas for $3.63/gal. and I only had to drive to Richmond to get it :D
Could Friday come any quicker???
Hey and I think that should perform this summer at
another rough day on your break at Kapalua.
WHEN YOUR ONE FRIEND ISNT HERE AND YOUR JUST SITTING HERE LOOKING AWKWARD.
#overachievers Trying to do this on a daily. Believe the technique.
you are welcome
My people and I are just chillin', waiting on our turn to make bread and get some recognition.. Well, we working as we wait though :)
These days if it's not on my To Do List it just doesn't get done.
Hey Folks. I need a favor. Anyone have a skinned mesh, with animations, in FBX format that I could use as a test import?
why r we even friends anymore?
Now Q&A with Alice Greenwald and Jeff Reinbold. Here's when I love my fellow JHUers. They ask all the important questions!
We want to interview you live on our radio show hit us up for more details
does a nice job with engagement and UI. Just saying...
Best shopping advice I've heard all day...WWDD..."What Would Dolly Do?"
Ditto for jeans, rock & roll and video games. So go figure.
Just registered for the Color Run on Sunday! Oh yeah
Clang clang goes the trolley?
LMAO!!! I'm joking
Still recovering from that nasty bicycle accident I had two weeks ago. Remember peeps, wear your safety helmet!!! vSB
i Love your voice <3 =)
thanks! You rock!!!
Coffee, Tea? Roasting secrets, concoctions and elixirs - all can be found at the Portland Convention Center this weekend.
Can’t go wrong with a little steel cut oatmeal for breakfast! ABX has what you need to start your morning off right!
#cowboy nation
We're very excited!
We were shooting the perfect beer pour for a TV spot and it took 13 cases to get it right.
Just taught a lib instruction session with 8 old students & 4 current students in my PSC class. It was a bit raucous.
Cant Believe We Can Just Be On The Phone Like This, And Every Thing Be Cool . .
Watch out, New Mexico... Casper looks hungry & less-than-friendly today.
hey STRANGER
Nope, the in-laws are in town this weekend and we have dinner plans set up Friday night. Why do you ask?
Sarah Fisch outlines the thriving contemporary art scene in San Antonio in Texas Art Travel. bit.ly/nmD517 via
stuck up pricks only use #realtalk REALTALK
if it helps, you know the painting of the clocks all warped and drooping? Example of surrealism...
Wow, 15% of 486 librarians I followed are now following "me". Thanks! Hoping to have the list done in a few days.
Fed up with about 86 things going on right now, so I'm going to share something positive: I like Cheerios and the color orange.
Gotta work..
so sorry for late reply- for the life of me I can't remember why I thought that :)
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 20% - Duane Reade - SINGULAIR -
very very important distinction. “: "a pivot is a change in strategy without a change in vision." - #sbcamp”
Kobe is the greatest difficult shot maker ever ! Better in that instance than anyone we have eva seen inc mj.
Sunglasses are like Facebook in real like. You can check people out without them knowing
#albumintros "Brianstorm" FWN. Best ever! With #2 track "Teddy Picker", combo has to be one of the best one, two punches to start an album.
The kEntuckySPortsNetworks response to UTs first half against KY was to discuss bad calls poor Cal is getting. Watched a game in Rupp?
Coming up later on the TJMS: R&B Singer Maxwell!!!
I think I'll forever look younger than I am. People always think I'm like 18 or a senior in high school. I'm getting my degree in two weeks.
Sick about the , that was just disgusting to watch. Not worthy of anything.
Janes Addiction please !
can i have a shoutout? Your so sweet i love you so much <3 :*
I'm pre biased to laugh at your tweets but this one didn't do the trick
Knicks lets beat the Heat
ready to get this training over with and get my weekend started!
Add Mike Smith and you got it. RT : Shane Doan and Martin Hanzel. RT : Dumbass of the Day - at 6:25am!
seriously! Should be a good game now.
Mexican Congress is considering a bill that would authorize a CO2 emissions trading program.
Do these shoes sound pretentious?
i knew i wasnt crazy. lolololl. I did hear Austins voice at the end of Follow you.
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe that Title IX has a strong foothold in our future.
Day of auditioning and Christmas prepping. What is your favorite thing about the holidays?
oh hey...so yeah...music k.
is buying music the e-equivalent of buying vinyl now that we have and ?
is my hero this week for deform_bootstrap
These niggas arguing about kicks...lol
So happy that one of my favorite Albums of ALL Time is finally being re-issued on Vinyl!!
Like Artistic Twist Clothing on facebook!
Any idea why baseball season doesn't start Monday afternoon before the basketball game like it used to?
ha, ask John
If you know an event planner willing to travel to Allen, TX, please put them in touch with me.
HP And IBM Need To Be Very Afraid Of Dell - Forbes
Who could go to a ballpark in a neighborhood where NO ONE speaks English???
(I did immediately think about DignityUSA, for LGBT Catholics.)
'Preciate it. We had fun making our logo. We got stamps made and scanned a stamped image. Simple way to add character.
Today in the fashion industry we lost a legend what an icon RIP
amazing game last night keep it up go green!!
I think a very important characteristic of #mlearning is anytime/anywhere aspect
Another great Monday at Put in the hard work now and reap the rewards later!
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. Elbert Hubbard
When all else fails, drink green tea.
People have begun registering. Spread the word. Great for notifying of recert opportunities.
Im not happy.
If this were ANY other team... the C's might be down by 30...
Dam bitch u still sucking on Kim's dick? U little bitchz need 2 learn respect & remember who' been doing this longer!Queen Bee
who wants some Mint Tulips drink? Amazing... traditional from for
Swimming body denies D&#39;Arcy deal
My coworker has stalkers who send her flowers lmao
nice shirt
Thanks for the great insight. One can definitely understand the importance of a clean energy innovation program.
I just scrolled so far back on Facebook's Timeline... I wound up back over on MySpace. :(
I'm done, fight at 1, erry one come
Tomorrow and Friday we perform Rumpled in schools, and the Enoch Pratt Free Library Program starts next week. Yay education programs!
You're def off to a good start! :) RT got my breakfast buzz on this morning, now I'm ready to take on the day!
We would like to look into this. Can you give us the direction and time you got to the stop? Thank you.
*NO foods at Malt house, that is.
Ladies we dig!
What happends when they run out of letter and number combonations to put on licens plates?
Never felt more alive and inspired in my life... this is an amazing night! :)
There is an actual car dealership called "Oh Baby Toyota"... #ThingsIDidn'tKnow
thanks man! i'll take a look at that book
on a day like this!
we on top of our shits this year
Made in memphis!RT Thanks for playin Rick Dees' Disco Duck yesterday afternoon!!! I was whuppin' it UP, while drivin'
from cincinnati we have a spot.......
That'a girl RT : Of course. RT : are you staying out of trouble?
What about Morgan Freeman?
Dam she dead #svu switching to
Soon I began reading English. I was in the eighth grade before I seriously go in. I went to a very good school in Bangladesh.
I cannot believe I graduated from college 2 years ago....I am getting old
Never seen so many air brushed outfits in my life..
I'm enjoyed my McDonalds at lunch with my best friend
Patting your face several times after applying your moisturizer or other skin care product enhances the penetration of active ingredients.
But I (Chris) personally hate being required to sign in just to buy a dang ticket.
Why you clownin? Quit rubber-neckin bro!
soon you two won't have to cook again, as long as your ok with frozen cheese pizzas for breakfast lunch and dinner.
I dropped the mango i was eating and then it proceeded to roll under the bed.
Even if he walks Jones or gives up a hit, it'll be a good learning experience.
fine as hell :-)
Too many things on my mind. #stressed . I wonder if this is how grown ups feel?
Thank you, Alan!
BREAKING NEWS: Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs has died
Don't push me because I know you won't like it when I start cussing at you.
hm.... that awkward moment when you realize your on both twitter and FB and no one is responding (so board apparently)
Anyone here using Google+?
u welcome
lol perhaps or it's a just a creepily accurate portrayal of the inner psychosis of #girls in their early 20s
Monday Monday. May it be a productive day. May the phone be quiet. May I not be blasted with tax returns. Bill baby bill!
In 35+ years, the young'ns will be trying to keep with you...regards to Me. Copeland.
I'm going Jarret Bush as a DB. Played huge in SB run. Nothing before or since
The moment you realize prom is 3 days away and you can't even think about dancing for 4 hours straight
Made a couple mixtapes not knowin they were gunna get as big as they did....now that i know, yall jus wait...
Josh Hamilton is a man possessed
Was up my Twiggas!!! Make sure n tune in to 89.3 right now n check out The Trinity fam!!
it was great to meet you in Miami ! keep in touch...
I weighed in and lost 1.2 lbs.
Slim Bacon tonight at 6. great music great food Hawthorne Burgerville
The lesson in the Erie County Executive race? Gov't is NOT a business, it's a means by which to meet peoples' needs. So Long, King Collins!
Way to go ladies. Come follow On Q Entertainment the newest Latin Promotion company to hit Chicago visit us www.onqnites.com
very cool
I have recchi for bos; stick side wrister. Torres for van; in the paint. Then yells Goal for 30 sec like in Mexico.
Cant wait for the love that " LUSI.OB " will give in penny stocks this week..
Come on, Milwaukee! It's time to Defeat the Wheat! That's right - no upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu item, and 2-4-1 New Grist beers!
agreed that 9:30 am is fine for military folks, but not only them that attend AFA football games
Biden Laden? RT since biden laden's death, 367 American troops have been killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
It's all good Adam. We're just tired of great players like yourself having to carry all the weight every…single…season.
Doesn't every girl do the lip smacking thing with lipstick... Or chapstick??
Welcome Betty!
you dont know me...so you dont know what i can or cant handle lol
It look like the worlds in HD, Its been awhile since I could see.
I like that rule, it should be made a law!
Had a really sweet morning & weekend in Illinois. Praise God! On our way home now, with sleepy eyes and very full stomachs.
and you both are embarrassing me! I expect this shit from Suzie, she grew up in a trailer park.
never say never!!!!!!
Wouldn't miss it for the world! It's 3 days before my bday!
Hey free for happy hour tomorrow and meet Tiffany?
thanks for the mentions. We've got a good thing going!
Twitter can be very scary, one time some random guy tweeted me he wanted to meet up with me at a coffee shop. #minilesson :P
RT if u r watching LA Complex
Great services yesterday @ Father's house in Leesburg FL with friends Terry and Anita Mahan.
did ya have a good b-day?
it's midnite from Los Angeles lol
Thanks and happy Friday!
LOOK AT MY PICTURE :)
Women Lie.....Numbers Don't.
“: Chad Henne agrees to a 2-yr deal with Jags. Won't visit Seattle now. Matt Flynn for SEA on Thurs" I'm very ok with this.
Day 2 at JEN. Gathering great Gemeinhardt stories. Met a man who knew Kurt Gemeinhardt himself!!
Thanks for your #2 vote, I appreciate the support.
Carmelo = Selfish loser
Woww... Someone has no life.
Go #BlackBerry! ---> ": If you're raging against capitalism from your iPhone, #YouMightBeAFleabagger. And a moron."
Ready for Friday Happy Hour tomorrow? We have the perfect cupcakes! Pink Champagne, Margarita Madness, 1/2 Pint (Guinness), and Hostess.
anyways no one cares wat u think just ur mama and dada who made u think ur all that , just grow up
because I found out about them a month or so ago, told Rene to check them out and he didn't like them cause he's a scene kid!
I think today is the day to film some video for YouTube.
I'll be joining at tonight from 8pm-mignight tonight. Come hang out with us.
#lsuau the honey badger's backup is eric Reid who could start anywhere in the country. LSU is deep!
How are we doing with voting today guys?? :) Make sure you please vote everyday to help support !! :)
can't i show them a url?
Day 2 of first aid and CPR training today on my way to getting my captain's license!
Hey Claritin--TRY HARDER.
Say ye, say ye don't we do this every day-day? (Huh!) I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay-day (Huh!)
of course!!! And I'm pretty excited!!!
Hey Bachmann, I'm intolerant of yer ignorance & bigotry, not the religious beliefs you hide behind. You're no suicidal gay kid.
MB America's female president will need intelligence, street smarts, tolerance, and a good heart to do a good job. Traits you are lacking.
Thought for the Day: "Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other thing."- Abraham Lincoln
I love God w/ all my heart ..he gives peace when u thought u couldn't find any...he restores ..he heals ..Try him!
Georgetown is a sleepy giant this week. So evident the energy comes from the students. When they cram. Things are quieter.
Eating a lollipop before 9am...does it mean I have a sugar problem? It's organic, so I'm inclined to tell myself 'no'....
Yesterday was freeeeezziiinggg....Today you don't need a coat outside.... Confusinglol
u get that invite?
R U watching w/ celeb board member Christian Slater? Congrats on a great new series on
Thanks for the Sweet ReTweet!
AH A BLUE KANGAROO IS AFTER ME :O
Hey, don't freak out over Rick Perry's brain freeze last night- "What's your name" can be a really hard question.
I swear to got that last JV inning was Todd Jones like.
Love and miss you too!!! I wanna come visit possibly this summer...
I'm totally ordering a tapeworm.....or making out with my cat later tonight.
‎3 baseball games in 5 days in 3 different time zones - and not one of them took over 3 hours to play:::Facebook post from a TV friend
Good thought to start off the week!
I FOLLOWED YA BRUH BRUH.. FOLLOW BACK.. AND
Secret Roast-Pork Recipe Carries $1.8 Million Price - Bloomberg
Man this is taking longer than I thought!!
Barney's Beanery is apparently a good place to make out? The couple in the corner thinks so.
Senior menus for Tarrant, Johnson counties
For solid music
sure FOLLOWED!
Hey , get ready for the Wolman Renovation Project to start! This is the #1 source of information about the project. Stay tuned!
I can't wait until I get to see Cabin in the Woods next weekend
OMG -- your avatar is priceless!
I am so happy that i am on my way to success!
Cant neva get it right smh
..."Houston we have a problem." yes? no.
Glad to hear it, we need to swim
Go Saints!!!
Looks like I *just* missed you at MetroFresh! I headed straight there after our morning meeting.
This is some #playoffs ball! Go #sixers !
breathe....and go to bed before meet tomorrow
I know, I'm stoked!
ya my family isn't feeling the best :((
Thanks! :D
Fly as a motha fuckin honey bee, sippin on some syrup and some sunny d
Im still out the way she wit me! wuss Gud
At this rate the Bishop Kelly High School Basketball Team would have been a better pick for the tournament than the Longhorns...
is ISO of Balto/DC/SATRAD PT opportunities. Hit me up! Email: ; Online Website: www.mpvt123.com; Facebook or Twitter
Watching 'Lets go to prison' and 'Lockdown' lol
#3WordsForYou Suck. My. Dick.
Cats are doing great! Snuggling with me every night! :)
THIS GAME WAS SO MUCH BETTER WHILE I WAS AT WORK
I was in one of the first issues of Urban Ink, a while ago,
no stay til the 31st for my graduation!!
15 Trillion is extreme.
I don't wear 52, 12, 25, or 85. I wear number 26 on game days. :) great game tonight!
dear miss cousin i'm mad at you right now, ditching someone on there bday not cool dont text me, thank you.
was the second time harder was it still chemical bullshit
Tonight is Stuckey's 3rd career 30-point game (3rd quarter: scored 19 points, 4-for-4 from behind the arc)
Free cupcakes tomorrow! Don't forget to stop by and get yours! 3-4pm!
I was there too! Definitely a must see.
Do the people on CNBC ever actually listen to themselves??
IM mad THat your not smiling for me ughh soo i feel like shitt alright
Love when someone without a doctor appt. Comes in and wants to see the doctor now. Get a clue bub.
offically start my PhD program on Thursday to become a Psychologist.
there was no teen hoot in january (: aha
