GOOGLE IT
Thanks for the shout out.
Why is the Cabaret Festival seemingly full of musicians and singers? It was the same with the Walk of Fame Festival's emerging artists.
yeah sounds like a great present (note the sarcasm) :P
Agreed!! “: #COLTSTRONG has yet to be trending in Indy. Lets get it rocking peeps!”
I think only you can know what your rightest things for you are, as you know. Plus, even if and when we make mistakes, we get to.
Thank You for all the support,concerns,questions etc this semester but we are finally back!!
Just replaced my windshield wipers for the first time. Can't believe I've been paying someone to do that.
Yum! Serving up African Kick Chix, Persian Fruit & Lentil Rice, Shirazi Salad,Baba Ganoush at 's weeklong Organic Care Workshop
The only thing I regret from Monday night was letting convince me to try hashbrowns 'all the way' at Waffle House.
Movie Nite :D
Save Big Money At Menards !!!
So was there only one season of Firefly? On episode 14, assuming it's my last. :( Just cried over Mal and Anora's bittersweet relationship
Officiating is the unc/ncst has been horrendous.
they were pretty good. I enjoyed watching them. I get the feeling they will be even better watching hem a few more times.
work and strees and no ride happend i have no friends left :/
The wrong way with a little result is better than no way with no results
Can Dirks pitch the save effort? because he's pretty damn clutch all the time and I don't trust our closers right now
I Messaged My Future Wife .
already recorded some need to get some more beats
Add your great mechanic to our database!
RT : Peyton Manning selects Denver, per AP So it must be true. And I must be the last one to know. <<tell people u were busy
Attn: Webb Students, May 19, 2011-All Library Books are due! There is a very high fine of $30 per book, for books returned after the 19th.
RT : RT : Technology needs to adapt to us, not the other way around.
I love when my mom just doesn't text me back. COOL KAREN.
people wanna hire photographer say 'you're gonna get exposure. the idiots don't know photographers get lotsa exposures
Any recs for an excellent bio of her? I want to know more now! I mean she helped Sinatra create such lovely music too....
Thanks for that, Lenny!
“ 24 HOURS, I WONDER IF IT'LL TURN INTO 48”
thanks for the #FF shout out! We're honored.
Not sure about events but I will be #habitat for #Humanity build event.
Super fun last night! Go check out !!
Ok guys Whitney's dead. Can we please stop complaining about NBCs programming now?
PMGroup has introduced a special referral program that pays you $200 to $400 for a couple of hours of your time if you're qualified.
A stunning L.A. day and a good workshop with the CD of It was great to see so many Asian American actors at it.
And now! for the FIRST Council meeting of 2011! Go #TEAL!
3 in standing water in my alley. Awesome
It's completely sunny outside and it's raining
Help: Updated to #TweetDeck v0.38.2 & option to send longer tweets no longer appears. Anyone have same problems? If so, how do I fix? Thx!!!
Wow. The LA times has John Simon as the 67th best player in CFB and doesn't even have Jon Hankins ranked.
Its a Busy Day at AvantGarb- Wishing you all a WONDERFUL Monday Afternoon!
My son also has a CHD. He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
and give us great advice , that helps us get thought our days. That shows how much they CARE about US
I am hoping someone is writing recaps of the Batman trailers so I can follow along.
thanks we were up by you. Had lunch in appelton picked up dog from a rescue in GB
What is your go to Arizona Adventure?
Finally home, let's see how much sleep I can get in two hours before going to work. Props to for sharing driving & company.
Got the perfect valentines day gift,
No idea. Find one yet?
Duh! Everyone knows it takes a proper *gruntsnortbelch* to get the attention of a REAL woman.
Yes I am presenting with a colleague :-)
After weeks upon weeks of racking my brain over a short film I want to write, one Fred Neil song put it all into perspective. Inspired!
RT : I tell her "I'm thirsty baby" she brings me juice i say "NO NO NO Lay down and spread them legs i want your juices baby"
Finished recording drums for one of our songs and currently mixing. It's coming along great.
I don't see how they are in business. There CEO doesn't look like the sharpest tool in the shed, ya know?
I thought that too!
die laugh! ;)
Has Highlight given you the initiative to connect with ppl you don't know based on common interests or friends?
Many phone tracking apps will over ride a phone that is on silent and sound an alarm?
any one in particular?
Alright we get it Rihanna...you're a straight slut that likes to get fucked. And apparently ya don't mind an ass-whooping every now and then
Thanks for #FF!
in last night's clothes smelling bad with nothing in my system except black coffee.
100% agree RT : Customer connection is an INVESTMENT, not a cost.
Feeling centered after my workout
thanks for sitting down with me and We really appreciated the time to share our story.
Finally outta workk !
Was Davidson the Lawrie ump?
Okay, I won't lie...I'm obsessed with in general.
See you in Berkeley, Ryan!
neww york in the us lmfaoo !
The NJP has a new tune posted on Reverbnation. Have a listen and become a fan!
Hey everyone ;)
Wikipedia's contents can be explored on several complementary pages
Whoa! Felt the earthquake in Sunnyvale Y! Campus... guessing 4-5?
Nice job on show putting perspective on UK-UofL rivalry
My mom just ruined everything
Tweet ~ Tweet ~ How are you doing?!?!
Good Luck Dude!
Men will drive around Manhattan forever before admitting they can't find a parking space. Women are too practical & don't give a rat's ass.
R.I.P. been knowing him for years since our 2 Party Promo teams merged in Dallas/Arlington UTA ( #HootieHoo Ent. )
Guess its a lay in bed and listen to Wiz Khalifa. Day. 👍
Happy Halloween!!
Knees, now bitch.
i did it (: & it went shweelll.
Dudes: on your online dating profile, please don't have pics of your genitals. I WILL tweet them with your name. Try me.
San Antonio Stand Up for underground art forms! #DMCSATX this Saturday at ! Doors open at 8!
im so boorreeddddd 👎
I almost feel bad for him here the word ALMOST
Just speculation on my part. I'm Jewish, so is Gregory. He's Orthodox. They hate Obama. Tired w/MSM.
NEVER wish you never met anybody, because whether it was a good experience or a bad one, you still learned from it....at least you shouldve.
You have been a great Captain on a great team. Really a pleasure to watch this year.
- Oh def! Time for a girls night! Let me know. Miss & love you too!
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
I can't wait to go to bed 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Definitely green. :) x
Finally home!!! #IloveyouDenver!!
Praying for the guts to plan a mom-tot (kid) massage trade workshop - and maybe a weekly youth yoga class. Feeling gun shy.
Too. Much. Pollen.
best senior prank ever!<3
hi i saw you perform last week in DC. you sang a beautiful song that i remember referenced a queen. what was it so i can DL it
students have o Phones and I have 5 computers in the classroom, plus my iPad and laptop, & access to a computer lab
you know it lil bro
Hines Ward breaking Keith Rivers jaw will always be a great memory
that's exactly what I was thinking. Has to be a bot.
RT Poverty is a holistic issue. Schools are often obsessed with narrow, fragmented solutions.
I woke up at fuckin 430
Um...why do I feel like Emily just got confused over the guys names...and therefore picked the losers?
#CapitalOneBowl that was a bad move by not a true #husker for doing that man. Disappointing
In case you want to follow the newest Charger -- ...
False start on Casey Dehn, that'll back the Cardinal up to a 3rd and 8.
Tickets will go on sale Monday (19th) at HIGH NOON (ET)!!
Don't Forget Tomorrow Bus trip departs Staten Island, NY at 9:30 a.m. from Clove Lakes War Memorial Ice Rink, Victory Boulevard, Clove Rd.
I bet you still read it.
Winged outlaw sprint car racing coming to Maryville - WVLT
we have such an odd sense of humor...glad you're my daughter
ur doing well..!!
That HTP moment when I'm walking out of a sports store and a crusty older guy mutters "Cutie"...
A failure will be a stepping stone to success. 失敗は成功のもと
I'm still here! I'm in the Dee Ellin track right now. Happy to talk.
Time for bed! Great night!
i really wanna go to the zoo...
For your motoring pleasure - Johannesburg Sunday World
You're welcome! Nice to connect - and you'll love #smcsea. Great crowd, great friends to make.
Millions of jobs can be created just thru the housing market alone. Unemployment can be cut by a minimum of 30%.
LOL! Seriously?! xD My last day is May 24th. We only need to come back if we have a test or something xD
wonderful. i swear i just had my phone. and now i can't find it anywhere. gahhhh
When he called it Booty Beat. Reason why I hate FF is because it is always the same people listed, defeats the whole purpose.
#RIPBig we will never forget you.
Did you know May is Barbeque Month? And on warm day like this a good time to pick up some bratwurst for grilling tonight.
Pretty little liars in 10 min!!! HYPE :D
aww! Why do you have to try?
There are some upgrades to the lift station at that corner and a Duke Energy project working in that area.
If submitting films via Vimeo or YouTube password protect it to give it a bit of exclusivity.
t-minus 1 hour and 33 minutes until May 1st.
Thanks! I now have 3 nieces and 1 nephew :)
ME SON IS DEAD AND YOU MAKE PUN!??!!??
IPad I for sale...
i love twitter...
On campus at Marquette all day! Need tickets, tweet or DM us!
Impossible is not believing in change.
I've decided to be a stay-at-home mom to my chihuahua. It's a personal choice I am making as a modern woman.
Thanks for attending the panel!
feels that circles are more about sharing information w/ people who are interested and less about privacy.
#askbilas How do you like Lexington? Have you been to Parkette Drive-In yet?
Enjoying life and gotta say I'm happy today
Love the art. Very unique!
Anyone out there review prog albums? We're looking for more feedback!
Is u ur girls bitch cuz ur wip-t.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
You're cute when you scream.
025hollytravis is inappropriate
Specifically ate right before lunch meeting so I wouldn't be hungry and what did I do? Ate the lunch plus key lime pie dessert.
No class today! 😁🎉
saw Haven in Paris mentioned in !
Frown upon (that sounds like a pun haha).
We hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
find me for your AWESOME sticker!
Stevie Wonder, to me , is the best thing that has ever touched the music business. Beautiful.
Yarak family Thanksgiving wknd Star Trek episode count: 3 (so far)
#askriancosta If you were trapped on a desert island, what one thing would you wish you had?
well deserved, give him my praise please! 🍸🍺👍
The show was so crazy I walked out with cuts on my chest and broken necklaces from people clawing at me!
Tractor in parade beeping tune of "This is what democracy looks like" as crowd chants along.
8 Runs in the first inning - * blankstare* - Really? #Tigers - *rolls eyes*
We are 1980. Great song!
Who will receive the Jean Allard Glass Cutter Award at the #BusLawSpring Meeting Luncheon today? We'll let you know once it's announced!
Life will kill you.
Or "Let's Have a Civil Conversation about your Redneck Past and How it Gave Me an S.T.D." Box office gold!
Hunger Games was a very well done flick and we got to see what the 1% has in store for the rest of us 99% in the future.
Hahaha no problem!
I got it in at the gym during my breaks at work.
What you plant now, you will harvest later
Life without love is like a tree, without blossom and fruit.
follow me please(:
I will admit I have hair envy from that pic;)
Na Bring That. I'll Whoop U In That Too. I Got Live
wait, do you really live thur? Ha
Didn't you know that already?
Been so busy I didn't realize we signed 2 #cubuffs as UFAs! Welcome to The Jungle Tyler Hanson and Rodney Stewart! Do it #buffs! #bengals!
Haha. Let me get some! This shit will bug me all night.
u mean the singer dr.drew??
wishing it was the heart of saturday night.
#Gratitude: hard/satisfying work, shade plants, organization, warm weather, lending a hand and the kids... Always the kids.
Wisdom is like a baobab tree; no one individual can embrace it (African Proverb)
:) stay tuned for the correct answer..meanwhile, send us a direct message with your address so we can mail u a shirt for playing!
#3words: "ok it's on"
Thanks for coming!!!
So welcome! We are headed back to WDW this Friday!
YAAAAAAAY! this makes me so happy.
I registered for #4c12 mostly to attend RNF tomorrow
New friends
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind
i hate how the weekend is almost over.
wanted to see' think like a man' tonight
I got to drive the grandma car 😒
Note to self: don't arrive at work 45 minutes early
Wearing my favorite pair of underwear drinking all sorts of stuff, holding a boom box while dancing
They say to write what you know. I say write what you love.
Game watching at tonight. Early bird door prize drawing at 7:15 for those in #CBJ gear. bit.ly/qPmI7F tees available
Keep looking my way. My head is held high. You wanna bring me down? I dare you to try.
Tiki Barber to tryout Wednesday for the Edmonton Eskimos ().
Train from Tarrytown, en route to DC. A chance to chat w/ the folks from the Nat'l Academy, still standing after their annus horribilis.
Allow God to be your neosporin this morning & heal that open wound from the outside in to begin a work on the matters of the heart
Good Morning everyone, how was your weekend?
thank U for the info
98% of the people that go downtown aren't even there to shop. Just tryna get chose.
no display would be complete without Ozzie Guillens copy of the Communist Manifesto
How was dinner?
!!!o-o!!! Somebody tweeted 3 goggles yesterday...gotta get this trending! Lol
any estimate when your systems will support 810px?
Another day another dollar, naw, it's about making an impact with your actions and inspire the youth.
a java developer just told me nobody actually 'writes' java code anymore... it explains so much...
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Cherish every moment in life, for you will never have that moment back..
Lol see... I mean I've heard of it, just never knew it'd happen to someone i knew
so was in my city yesterday. & I didn't get to see them. </3
ha yep!
#VIP #Philadelphia k lo k mi
At the same time, it is a story about all disenfranchised people who have suffered domination and oppression.
I love you babe!
Giving my 111th tweet to <3 love you Austy.
hey thanks!
you're supposed to be quoting We Ain't Them! Or one of his other new songs
Elephant bar for lunch m, what a perfect Sunday so far! Can't wait for church later tonight
people got me wondering, "where is the love?"
Bejeweled is turning out to be a perfect remedy for those long gazzillion-slides-powerpoint-induced conference calls.
who said those were bad things?!
RT : RT : Oh, I didn't tell you? Must've been none of your damn business.
shit bosh suck anyway..garnett will give em the biz.
resting up to hit the town this eve.
Secretly back in rockford
Lord...I surrender. This battle is not mine but yours anyhow.
Always remember dreams DO come true. And I hope it comes true for you
R.I.P Joe Paterno you are a legend and will be remembered for that!
#1 reason I need an iPad - ultra portability for Internet access during conferences!
And Canó with a good hit!
RT : They need to sell them shits, so you can make REAL tacos with them (This man gets it!)
Anthony "Showtime" Pettis at Off The Clock today!
your covers are amazing!!! Keep up the good work :) follow back???
Let's try to talk HIEs next week, Don!
Looking forward to meeting some great new people tonight at for 's
Thank you and for having me on the #PR panel today! I enjoyed your insightful questions!
defo liking the linkedin / twitter "linkup" (way better than facebook linkup)
just told me Rick Ross was in town and I missed him
It's intensified now w/SC, Twitter, FB + more $, demands. MJ never had the power to fire PJ. As such, Howard has to deliver.
What does it do? I'll give it a go.
im so nervous for the interview tomorrow
you are such a dork ;D
May the Fourth is here, and so is #Avengers at Cinemark! Celebrate at ...be sure to make reservations...
Doctor said "have you heard that song, I like big butts and I cannot lie..that's your baby." Hm 4 more weeks to delivery.
Boy!! i dont care!!
Money Saving Tip #26: Do a “maintenance run” on your appliances.
what am i doin? oh yeah thats right im doin me
you and
JCPenney Is Quietly Firing Lots Of Middle Managers Across The Country
Are you a "time elapsed" or a "time remaining" kind of person?
come on? I know you got my tweet. Let's hear the bullshit you wanna start with someone tonight
#ifidiedtommorow id visit dorn becker childrens hospital for most of my day
hats must be big business over there huh?
THE FIGURE STUDY...From the beginning, it has been, and remains a favorite subject of artists. Let the human form be your canvas.
yeah.. She's like a rat on steriods mixed with a hairless cat and a piece of shiiiit
CAnt B MAd At Someone When U KNow You've DOne Dirt to. KArMA Comes BAk. Fast. Especially For ME.. I dont ever get away wit Shit SMH.
dont really keep mayo on hand & was pleasantly surprised by how easy it was to make. librarian slash personal chef sounds perfect
i hate when you make plans that never happen
Mark Brouhard, who came into season as starting RF, has played in only 5 games due to Moore's strong play.
yes sir!
Thanks to #HCR kids cannot be denied for coverage due to a pre-existing condition. Happy 2nd birthday #ACA!
John 8:32 And you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Does Working On A Computer All Day Ruin Your Vision?
Ar u planning a party ? We cut help u
Putting together a Bible Study on diligence, anyone had a revelation on this or want to add thoughts? Please let me know. Thanks
30 Rock should be live every week
Fuck yeah! I'M BACK :D
Forget the box-office results. That in itself is a milestone.
what's wrong?
Just looked in the cupboard for pita chips only to remember that I had purchased them in a dream.
You're a NOOB. :p
you rock. Thanks :)
Just booked my tix to come see you and at ! I can't wait!!
I agree with whoever said theres a lot of "ghettoness" to this site
sounds great! Let me know when you have time! I live about 5 minutes from the gym so Starbucks, chill place, library works.
how cute is that?
Go hard in the paint ;)
My pops same way... but trust me, it skipped a generation... lol
nice little movie pat--
no me my mom and dad are all taking turns
No! Bummer. I wanted that to be good. And did I see you in the #Illusion this weekend?
Just realized I have yet to do my taxes. Crap.
recognizes Martha Selma Beck as first African American troop leader in central Indiana
My mouth tastes like death! Make it stop!
Forever Loyal Ent is grinding..back to the streets with it..then the college campuses, and always the Internet grind
you went to jerrys and didn't ask me!! :(
wades gotta come back in ready to take this game over or we just might be in trouble..we look rough in the post we take bosh for granted
Very sorry to hear that, Erin. Condolences.
we missed you! where were you at?
I second that. If only all NBC programming was so compelling.
Happy Birthday
we love having you here! Hope the whole situation smooths over.
Spent a majority of the day working with my iPod.
Woohoo!!! Made it through the gun range without getting shot by cc:
Dude what's up with Tiger Woods? 2 doubles and vogue in holes 15-18.....
de nada my friend :)
Bloody nose
Today WILL be a good day. Know why? Because I'll make it one.
"The MOU constitutes action that effectively forecloses due consideration of project alternatives or mitigation measures that are essential"
watch it ho. some of us have that naturally.
I can't wait for chinese christmas!!!! it's going to be so much fun!!!
IS SHE YOUR GRANNY GREYSON?!
The avengers premier was ahhhmazzzing but it doesn't feel so great this morning
gotta do that more often! Love you!
Hope you had a great Christmas and Thanksgiving , Sorry I missed your message past .
aw she's so pretty :)
Im sayin...misery loves company": If you know someone is already taken, please respect their relationship.Don't be the reason the
oh well then you'll be in for an extra cool experience!
Goodnight twitter children.
I have finally recovered!
i live in florida.. but call me maybe(: i'd die to talk to you. Considering i don't have much anymore. /:
Whew, what a fun weekend! Now, just need a weekend from the weekend!
There have been so many great lifeguards over the years at !
Thank you so much for the support!
Ugh. I'm such a cranky mom today... and I don't like it.
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there :)
To the tiki Bar!!!
We appreciate your RTs!
WOW PEOPLE GETTING MISSING AND DIEING THIS WORLD GOD I TELL YOU PEOPLE PLEASE PRAY AND STAY TOGETHER IN A GROUP!!!!
Happy birthday, ! #goon #Quaker can't come soon enough
Thanks for following! Likewise, interested in sharing your knowledge with our friends and clients.
All I know is if I make it home during FB season, better have her cousin hook me up with tickets! lol
Now we are watching the Anchorman version of the "Afternoon Delight" video.
And Tiger still appeared to be a devoted husband.
I feel like a fat as.
Today I bought some pots and pans with my sister but purposely didn't buy Giada De Laurentiis brand - her big head and man hands scare me.
#FF anyone brave enough to live in Houston is ok in my book.
Getting new sidewalks and curb on C St NE. Happy chrismahanukwanzakah
Gotta see when youre down there ": #SXSW here I come!"
Ditto on that. RT : A3. If I could afford for my personal Biz, I would hire a PR or SM Pro..
Someone spent a lot of $$ to send us an overnight envelope w/an empty toothpaste box & misc. pieces of garbage in it.
1 of 4 in Harrisburg seems reasonable.
Lets go Penguins Flyers suck
Finally, both nose rings are back in their rightful place <3 FUCK YOU PANERA
Mayweathers defense is what makes him so nice
yes u got that right, somebody had to do it lol. Have good night
My dream of becoming a "Mustang Legend" has been crushed! I'm so disappointed, I knew I shouldn't have done that Tiger pep talk!
Woahhh, what?? I thought I killed him...
yay for a cubicle! You are missed!
Chillin in the room, tryinna figure out what ta wear
I can and I will do all things thru Christ who strengthens me.
smoked ribs with friends ...what are u up to?
- & Amy. Maybe you want to bring some of the others down?
Haven't seen a single tweet about spinning or hot yoga yet today. Thank you, Super Moon!
That commercial about the sea calling makes me so nostalgic. I miss the ocean.
Thought it'd be good to tweet that I was almost killed by a cat at 1 in the morning. I should really get paid for that. =3=
hell yah man! Silver surfer al day
SEX SEX SEX 69 SEX SEX SEX bLoWjObS BAHA this is my 669 tweet
in sessions all AM; hope to see u!
With Peyton Manning set to join the Denver Broncos.. Tim Tebow will join the Saints because he loves thy neighbor as he loves himself
I am Cali less tonight. What's going on in KC?
once we get profitable, yea shall have one!
Gotta have roots before branches, to know who I am, before I know who I wanna be.
Its been an weekend...started with its complicated then mamma mia w my god daughters now on to iron lady <3
next, he's not really that good. There are MUCH BETTER PLAYERS than he that should go in that slot aka Hugo Viana.
Best day ever :)
I have to eat Qudoba because there isn't a Chipotle in Louisville, KY. Would rather eat Chipotle.
Not sure if there's acoustic stuff on there...
I'm doing well, Money. Thinking about going to Pittsburgh in July for Cubbage; let me know if any interest
I really don't like debra messing. She has a face I feel like smaking. Just sayin! ;)
Grateful for all that I have
Anyone close to the Jacksonville area that wants to help us out with a project?! We will send cookies as a thanks!
My actions would be illegal if dogs, cats, even pigs or cows were invovled, but bahaha their not! MORE FUN FOR ME!!
lol jordan had hooped wit pneumonia, kobe gotta booboo
yep(: how was your day?
Im tired..
is Donnie from The Wild Thornberrys
7 days left until #hungergames ... it isnt normal for me to be this excited... no fucks are given ^.^ rereading the series. ocheaa
are there currently any discount codes available? I tried using the one displayed on your Facebook page and it doesn't work :(
*takes off prosthetic thumbs and waves* Hello! I love your name!
I must have missed you! I concur on Heather's awesomeness, too.
- glad to have you!
I'm working on it right now with ! You might say this search engine itself is part of the adjacent possible.
Yout not holding stacks if you work at Five Guys Burgers and Fries so miss me with that B.S
get on tinychat please
Olympic boxing hopefuls hit North Vancouver
Off to Nob Hill for Small Business Day.
hahaha uh I just tried to tweet back but I put 23 instead of 22...
Mari Restaurant New Brunswick NJ. Great dinner considering my vegan taste...
Wish I could have went to wango tango tonight.......but sometimes the beach is better!!! ;)
I feel like I'm in Spain 🇪🇸
at least the pitching has been superb...wait, never mind.
I just learned that the word Pumpernickel translates as "Devil's fart". That's amazing
Smh cheating on me already!!! But that's
Created new wordpress personal injury blog for Washington accident lawyer Rob Kornfeld. www.washingtonpersonalinjuryblog.com
Yes tomorrow we are OPEN!! SHARING SUNDAYS.. family style !
Awesome!! Youre the best! Whats your fav tune? RT : I liked the page and subscribed:)
That tweet was for you.
But I also saw a curvy (not size 0) woman in cute pink stretch cord skinny jean & floral tunic. Looked great!
There is a free concert with Algebra Blessett and Julie Dexter performing next Friday. You know me..a thrill for a deal! Bloggin It.
why are you grounded?
All this shit for what tho????
I prefer Longmans because it never uses the word in the definition and it to comes with CD
San Diego humane society at El Cajon Cal Coast office today with our pet of the month Kirk! 12-5pm come meet him and maybe take him home!
i care
im off to bed bitches mwah x x x x
I just saw that too, and I had the same response
Thank god I didn't drunk tweet last night.
FOLLOW OUR BANDS:
The Watsons and are amazing folks.....congrats!
help yoself out.
RT : #talentmindset - some of us have it and we can help others build it with data. Like HR Moneyball, right?
TRYIN to convince my staff to let me go to some horse races soon y'all. They keep bringin up somethin' about TORNADOES last time I went....
nice! Thanks for letting me know...looks like I may need to place an order for a stamp for my invites.
Happy hour 5-7 with half off drinks and $5 apps.
draw something during commercial!!!
Austin if you really like me you would follow me.....because I love you<3
hope you kill it tonight. Beaches one of my favorite songs
why don't you have cable?
I want to visit New York again soon, other then "Book of Mormon" - what are some great shows playing in town right now?
The Foals. Damn.
I got my invitation to #districtfile from my CoS. Had to sweet talk him a bit because it's supposed to be only for Sr. staff.
would you like to be the director of recruiting for a leading accounting firm? If so please e-mail me.. I can provide a solid connection...
excited to announce joining the tonight on is talking BCS Playoffs and MWC/AQ
Not being able to eat at all.
Big Texas Cool Down ages 8u-10u-12u- and wr u have made. We will take a few more.
Gratitude is the golden key that unlocks the door to complete content.
Sorry I haven't been on alot. Toenail is really sad :(
how is this scumbag still in the NHL it makes the whole sport look bad.
So 1st Family Entertainment is cooking up the 2012 mixtape who wit it? "WHAT'S DOWN MUST COME UP" oh go follow Cousint_GIB FALLINGUP!!!!!
god i hope so
What is blended learning? Instruction that combines online and f2f instruction.
it's pumpkin spice latte time and that always reminds me of you!!
I AM A CHILD OF GOD!
watching sports is more difficult and anxiety-ridden than playing!
I don't see you tearing apart 'good guys' like Crean/Buzz who cut half their team yearly. Not that your commentary matters.
congrats and I hope all is well!
tweet me. tweet me,
Best part of Bmesh in trunk: return of all the old awesome projects put on hold til they could use Bmesh code. C'mon, Unlimited Clay!
Girl I've just been chilling out! When is your bday dinner again?
This media should get off Meta World Peace's dick.
Thanks 4 the shout out, keep supporting the
is it the state archives that is responding so quickly to your FOIA?
Congrats to BC on the win and especially to Jerry York for his 900th! Outstanding!
Good morning to my beautiful followers!
So if your baby leaves and you have a tale to tell just take a walk down Lonely Street to Heartbreak Hotel.
Create and nurture your unique personal brand. Stand, and be known for, something. Make sure that everything you do is on brand.
#sxswfedora flash mob? Who's in?
I still have a blackberry :( but I'm gonna upgrade to the Android bc it's the real shit.
I don't always pay for friends, but when I do they're hookers
congrats to you Glen! That's got to be fun gig. We were just there is Santa Monica at the studio with you all.
we're still in Miami.
Yay i have a few different places to go for New Years! 🎉🎈
And when I simultaneously attend my first game. RT : the phillies season will turn around when pat burrell appears.
It's a precarious passageway of prose!
Wanna know how to treat a lady? Protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, respect her like your mother.
Germantown, NY - Columbia County: my fave motto of all time "Columbia County - a great place to be." Wow! Creative! I aspire to this.
summer is here! #bonfiresUSA!
lol thanks ha
This week's #prize is a giftcard to Chickes and Petes, follow us and be ready to #play and #win Wed. at noon
Don't quit flying or quit drinking....just get a Step Ahead. When you let us drive you to the airport you get more sleep!
Art walk in downtown Los Angeles tonight RT ART WALK TONIGHT! LOVE ART!
"Diary of a Mushy Fruit" - Edible tales not accepted by Pearson
Some twitterbots, I just don't get.
How about choosing to think: I can do anything I set my mind to. My decisions are powerful.
“: Gotta get into an ATL state of mind 🎵” 🎵 #DungeonFamily 🎵
Greek lemon soup is ready!!
I wish there was a way for both the Heat and the Clippers to lose this game.
Being John Malkovich. Done.
“: Everyone needs to show some love to for one hell of a career. Congrats man.” so well said!
Lol, i just heard "Don't wanna Try" by Frankie J. Sang this in court during my divorce 2007 held in contempt of court $5,000 fine. Worth it.
On my way home from the quince(: Getting some Taco Bell because I havent ate since 2 in the afternoon!
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
more to the study hard
All caught up for the first time in over a year. The calm before the storm feels good for a change.
lovely RT : Condom
Right! They won't face their fears but then they blame everyone else for their failures!
RT : 6 DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY ! Today's giveaway: for a chance to win TWO FREE TICKETS, retweet this!
alright I'm gonna stay right here in this relationship an I ain't movin
they are ... do not you see as they are pulling the plug...
": Relax, you're freaking us out" #yogabbagabba should be on your network
it was pretty cool!
Time To Sleep <3
I think that tchrs should embrace #tech first. Top down takes too long.
Please try yogatailor.com : class canceled! Is there a really great video/podcast/anything I can watch instead? Dying for it!
Thanks for the folo, I enjoyed the screening of #ThinkLikeAMan last night and interviewing your co-star today!
It's always bittersweet to leave a job you loved. I felt the same leaving Indiana.
After Lunch "Itis"... It was on me real bad...
By the way, I have no idea what a "secret code" is but I'm TOTALLY jealous that you have one on your business card!
Romney offers something that Obama never will: freedom. Obama's vision is enslavement to government for all
The gates haven't been open ten minutes here at Lot F and it's packed! I love this place!
I do the same thing & then realize I don't need to yell. It startles the cat.
Justin Bieber is ruining Twitter
Make that $$$, dont let it make you!
If you're not rich 'blame yourself'! --Herman Cain
hahhahahaaa im late to the party
Jammin out to Memphis May Fire's "The Hollow" so good!
what kind? Lol
Love is not proud
Fanny pak.you leave.
Okay time to finally buy some new Kobes
Nuh-uh, you tweeted you we're going. Can't back out now. ... Sorry we'll miss you. Get well!
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you but trusting them not to.
Listening to the talented singer/songwritter (on the Dirtdobber Blues soundtrack)!
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves." -Carl Gustav Jung
Watching Christmas Vacation. Love that movie!
The place my dad works is in the top 10 top secret places to work. Lol
I'm getting stronger without you baby
..lol tell me about it!!
Uh why are we up?
had me a nice fluffy gal to dance with too mane ooooooweeeee!!!
The Person Who Has Time For Gossip And Slander, Has No Time For Success...
Palm springs is real lovely right now.......just saying.
I'm jealous!! Have fun!
they are open 10 am to 4 pm
Jack the ripper. Curious to hear why
About to watch my big fat gypsy wedding. Those people are crazy!!!!
i told you to come lolol =p
lmao! how?? :) only when needed aha! jk.
Never thought I would say this.... But girl, YOU UGLY! You should go and hide your face to save the rest of the human race from sudden death
Obama should remind them what he said about the Citizens United ruling last year. I bet no Justice will be shaking their head no now
Aww she's beautiful!
to the girls who don't have a mother >>> this day can be for your grandma, aunt, sister.... (: your mom LOVED you ♥
#goofynewsteases - "Why drinking water may actually be good for you and hydrate you. at 10."
If she has lion king on DVD
Andy please ask Jimmy if he listens to Phish, or any kind of jam bands. Thank u have fun, and have a cocktail for me! Smile 420!
Oh, come on, get off the moral high-horse...what is the NFL Draft if not for [mostly] baseless speculation and pessimism!?
Thanks for the RT David!
‎$200OFF EOL MacBook Airs & they qualify for the $100 AppStore credit ! VERY limited quantity.
Fuck dawg can I have a peaceful day
lol i hope you can get here, so i can show real entertainment.
#22 You will be Missed. Steeler Nation Member Says THANK YOU William Gay..
A resource for African-American Documentary Filmmakers. Good luck! Hope to see your doc soon!
NOW FEATURING...#FREE ESTIMATES!!! It has never been easier to have your electrical just the way you like it. Mention Twitter/FB get 10% off
The focus this morning at the WEDI #ICD10 forum has shifted to
With Red Sox banning alcohol and rules about spring training now in effect, you'll see a whole new Sox attitude. Francona was an enabler
We can tell you are as excited as we are!
FDPV performance at Casa Vicente in 2 and a half hours! 375 S Stone Ave.....be there!
I'm going to quote you on that last sentence in my next grant proposal! With whom did you study CN? Are u in Canada?
oh, no doubt! > though strengthening digital literacy skills could be a piece of the puzzle as well
are you asking me to hang out?
This is why I don't use adsense until I'm partnered -_-
Long weekend!
Dang Seth Greenberg was fired?
If u like Justin Beiber you'll deffinitely like Barney & Friends!
why you say that?
Cant stop watching the trash! RT :
When I wrote this I thought of Eric Kelly! "Oh I'm a lifegaurd, I'll save you."
Andy, thanks for the retweet! :) The physicalness of that artwork is really quite amazing.
You're welcome Julia!
If I hadn't met him in person, I'd strongly suspect that is some sort of cyborg based on his superhuman output of late
There's one more :)
I'll send a courier over w the comedy astroglide, asap!
By 1840, 2,818 miles of railroad track had been laid in the US. More by the time I started travelin' in 1888.
Child sexual abuse doesn't take the weekend off, folks. Those who suffer from abuse suffer 24/7.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the good moms out there.
Do you sometimes find it hard to give other people love advice because you don't even know what to do with yours? I do.
No! It's disappointing.
on spring break with the kids so have to be next week unless travel sched hoarks it up
Totenberg: Kennedy has been known to change his mind, and Roberts views himself as a leader and consensus-builder.
Twitter is refusing to let me link to M. John Harrison's excellent piece on cosplay. You should go to his blog and read it.
Rested for 8 hours in Skyrim, then woke up to discover it's snowing. IRL.
Back in bx bitches
seriously fucking up the program today
There's a certain Slant of light,/ Winter Afternoons –/ That oppresses, like the Heft/ Of Cathedral Tunes" - Emily Dickinson
*~i was sittin on da phone all day tryna win dese summer jam 15 tickets to see i gt #3 all da tme #follow back...(=~*
+1 MT : Has considered BEWITCHED-Darren spoof for last 13 #Community eps - new actor play Pierce in each one?
Looks like loads of fun. Did u get to ride in it?
I'm here to make this day special for you..
I love in-flight internet! Flying high over Oklahoma right now.
I don't understand why everyone loves #mistamau he's a fag in person(:
New to this whole "ratchet" term lmao from what I see on twitter this morning sounds like every chick in Los Angeles.
Ran out of coffee at home and having to wait to get to work to drink their black soupy shit coffee. M...black soupy shit...M
Hi Kat! Yes, I'm working on an in-depth story about social media. Feel free to DM me :)
how's the discount world
LOL! It's CRAZY HOT! Now's the time when hydration becomes crucial here in AZ! Tons of water and a coconut water a day is great! :)
RT : RT : LET'S GO PITTSBURGH
I'm building it myself and having a ball learning everything :) Sorry I can't be more help on that one.
doesn't even matter. In 2009-10, tickets were lower but nobody gave enough shits to show up. Still.
dang it.. Thought we were in business
I know. Amazing. Makes me wonder about the personae I am seeing here. Maybe the douchebags are really nice afterall!
How's your grab bag helicopter? Fly ok?
hey stacie, email me @ and we will get food to you one way or another! Promise!
I mean is 7 cops really necessary for a guy dumping water in the Library?? #SMH #Really??
sounds great. Lol, me and him would make some sexy babies!(; lmao.
I sometimes wonder why people lie about having sex with people, like who gives a shit really. People been having sex for years...
Thanks to and for the #FF today!
you should probably show up in person, rather than call.
": Damn you ppl have thin skin!!! Please STOP following me, I'm NOT following you!"Amen Kyle! They need to get out the kitchen!!!!
im gettin me a weddin band from me to me;)
on way to Jacques Pepin event. See you there.
Robert is working on the new menu with Irma and Mingo...All I can say is WOW!
I focused on smart posters and tags during the panel. Take a look at Twitter feed to see what I mentioned. Thanks!
I don't need Revenge. I'm just going to stand there and watch karma screw you up.
appreciate the follow. Hit me up for photo/ video/ studio time
Beach tomorrow??? Or maybe just go work at the church and then watch tv all day who knows?!?
Pinto will eat your face.
fuck you we are skating to 711
nah team
oh ok sure, right
yeah I know lol she's a nerd just like you😁
Omg why am I still in a bad mood !
Rick Siskey is getting set up on Twitter.
Not eating much, but still not losing weight? Cancer? Can beer give you cancer?
Who is Mar?
Thanks! hopefully we'll keep up with this thing. honestly we keep around for the shamless shilling ;)
hard work is overrated :)
Sounds like fun. Which countries?
Whenever straight men say bigoted shit like "women aren't attractive when..." I want to ask them to post a picture of their wife/girlfriend.
AMEN “: Very sad for hard working, brave equality fighters against #AmendmentOne #NC. BIG THX #NAACP, deep bow to #PamSpaulding”
Is there any doubt this Rangers-Devils series goes 7 games? I don't see how it doesn't. Thoughts?
The Senate losing another moderate Republican with announcing she will not run for reelection. We moderates are a dying breed.
sorry i havent been on ive been busy but ive followed everyone back <3 -anna
this is ruining my buzz really really bad I don't know what we are going to do
I don't get why everyone and their mamas hate on Kobe. Give the nigga some props.
RT: ": #Libra brings energy to dead atmospheres.". So True
whoop whoop 😊
i almost answered the question thats whats even funnier...had to do a double take lol.
sounds good you know where I'll be, and tomorrow I'll be around for the games too
Just met with the Long Center. Exciting things are afoot!
add e-40 too
ruining teachers lives with food.
Heavy mixture of joy and hurt right now. Through it all God is amazing and I'm humbled to think of how He loves us.
So basically, Eagles building around scheme that didn't work well rather than talent they have/had. Nice!
Let's go #NYKNICKS gettin HYPE!!!
Just because I'm Haitian doesn't mean I'm not black my skins still black isn't it?
Jenna just made me a sandwich. Thats a good woman.
wait wtf is going on
pristine blue or bromine for u hot tub buffs? anyone? i know the pristine costs more but maintenance is less..
Things will get better :)
yes - another reunion soon! Are you guys coming next Saturday? I will be there!
You can also check out jenfek.com for more band info
If being gay were a choice, I wouldn't be hanging upside down in a sharks mouth in my profile pic.
I second that Lori! “: Hey Ellie always glad to tweet you!”
IT'S THURSDAYS THURSDAY GOTTA BE HAPPY ON THURSDAY CUUUUUS TOMORROW'S FRIDAY FRIDAY YEAAAHHHHHH.
@ all of hwy 287 to Amarillo is a speed trap. Especially near Esteline
This is not the #Jabril game
aww yes, best day for a wedding ;) the sky looks amazing.
#Golf #Tennis #Pool #Beach #Dine That's All I Really Wanna Do
A bit shook up and pretty sore but yes ok, thank you! RT: girl, we need you safe and sound!!! thank the universe you are alright!
thats horrible. I love Friends!
Hi! Out of curiosity, Why did you select me to enter into your tweeter message?
Beans are a great meat sub. For heart health, base a meal around beans instead of meat at least 1x per week- we like #MeatlessMonday!
#accordingtoasource is a great reporter but that was just a rumor.
Thanks for the RT, Nicole!! Hope your week is going great.
oh man, i super duper wanna see it!
Habeas corpus? Is that how you spell it? Wait, guess it doesn't even matter anymore. THEY ARE TAKING YOU.
damn it. Ima peer pressure the fuck out of you the next time I see you haha
It is what it is.
I would have preferred almost anyone else.
I need to taste it or it isn't true sorry
Is it only Tuesday?
Good Night Ari <3 I stayed up till 2 a.m. today to see your tweets :))* well better luck next time :DD Bye Bye! LOVE YOU!
Just said "yar boo sucks" during lecture. I blame .
why is my twitter acting weird?!
not even dat
Hey<3 LA and u?
I have full confidence that you'll get there and most likely sooner rather than later. :)
Always nice to start the morning with a little Ingolf Dahl.
thanks for the vote of confidence Mark and likewise your awesome.
thank you for the msg. My apologies I put the wrond address in. I guess im not the savy twitter I thought I was. C U THERE
For SHSU, Gatlin (Bush) and Bootle (St. Thomas) each scored 6 points. Darius Gatson (Klein Forest) had 2 points with 3 assists and 3 steals.
You tweet way too much.
... It's embarrassing to watch adults give up their independence and authenticity like that.
I know what it means you don't hear it everyday
I'd love nothing more than to hang out and have Korean pastries with you! :)
Larry Powell, California school chief cuts his pay by $800k. What a great example 4 every government official 2 follow.
...and to WMSE producer Jeremy Kuzniar for is role in De La Buena and Erotic Adventures of the Static Chicken WAMI victories.
I know I talk about giving second chances and how rare they are but..do NOT think I actually give
i hate having to say goodbye, it sucks!
lmfaooo works always interesting w, even though she tried to kill me?vbki ubhcgfcvgkm
heading home from the dunes..10 days.. i need a shower
A good friend of mine is looking for a job in the title industry as a closing agent. 10+ yrs experience-ctct me if you know of anything.
Woahhhh haven't tweeted in days! How is everyone??? Most are asleep rn tho
... as if divining a secret. As if the show didn't open w/the main character announcing those very things ... to her parents.
Welp, we may not get two. But I garuantee will get one of those trophies!!!!
the city bus serves to remind me of one thing: take the work shuttle instead. oh, and the smell of stale urine.
My new nightly prayer is "please god, don't let the Ender's Game movie turn into the new Twilight."
Oops! Rain on beach volleyball at
. Wouldn't hurt if he was easy on the eyes. And cooked. And did the dishes. ;)
my laptop keeps playing rolling in the deep I think its because its a dell[:
Made me think about the way things are Made me think about the way they could be
Welcome to twitter ..
I would use my jesus powers for gambling for SURE!
If you come out, there might be belly rubs. I'm just sayin'.
Off to Court and then the rest of the day is strictly downhill.
what's goody Carolyn!)
Have your Frosted Plastic Business Cards in NYC printed with a full color process at an undeniably easy price! Perfect for business...
damn you
Loved seeing tonight...been way too long and I better see you again soon.
came to take this drug screening witha full tank..dying in the waiting room right now
even that what?
Lil mans 3rd bday party, wish it was warmer but at least no snow!
I wonder why rob hasn't tweeted .____.
Sam Hurd-Nino Brown.
America's one of the finest countries anyone ever stole
Im a little box-shadow crazy right now. Especially of the inset variety.
You and the cast are awesome and are gonna go on to do amazing things! #TheSecretCircle was just the beginning for you all.
you will always have good peeps around u when u r a good person so good for u only here good thing about u
men its year not going that good
Damn do you ever work? LMAO
yeah ur rite, that shit is kinda nasty, lmfao
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Michael Pitman!
No one wants to quit when he's losing and no one wants to quit when he's winning. - Richard Petty
I mean to control the frames within the animated gif.
Happy Easter
watching behind the scene of Janet's tribute to Michael Jackson on MTV. awesomeness all around
Good luck (:
Thx for the quick reply. Could you pls add it back on the next one?People could think it doesn't exist if its not listed.
#ravens now need help at O-line. But I've heard they see value in the later rounds. They may trade up to get Stephen Hill.
Ali stated “I am the greatest” so often that he believed it & so did his opponents, giving him the competitive edge.
WOW just sang the roof off the house!!!
Looking at finding out how many days cuz want to do parks but don't want to buy park hopper that is too big mid-April I think
Yikes forgot & our host from #LBYRPreview in my earlier
heading to NJ for bamboozle this weekend!
Mustard lover's spread it on (I'm talking to you ) w Sat's 1st ever Mustard Fest at T.B.D bar in Brooklyn! 224 Franklin St 12-5 PM
Should you go to Ohori's? Sure!
Anybody going to the WGA Asian American women Showrunners panel tonight? If so, I'll see you there!
interim city CFO calls for 1.8 cent property tax raise. w.out, city would come up $15m short; still, hearing relatively rosy projections
True. Re: yr earlier comment on wifi spots at conference: When will CONVENTION CENTERs have quality wifi?? It is the 21st cent...
Conor is having a blast with this clapping song
indeed - what a throw! (on both the fake punt, and the TD!)
RT : is rocking her keynote address at #EnvisionFilm. "We can restore ecosystems. It's not over until it's over."
Platform full at Farragut N and only 6 car train to Glenmont.
Union GRIND BOLD flavor is Breakfast Blend.
Teacher's take on tech. in the classroom.
": "What is one thing you would do if you knew you would not fail? Now go out and do it" #Quote #Movie"
The temptation to get, have, and be somebody often leads to feeling like a failure and consequently depression, “Just BE” namaste.
.... I'm dying over here!! Lol. I guess I'll have to make some :-)
Obama interview comes the day before he's in Los Angeles for a fundraiser at George Clooney's house
Rep. Gloria Fox says Roxbury deserves to have the Dudley Business District revitalized. Together we are recharging our neighborhood.
i called u
.... or adam which ever is prefered ... Will you marry me ? (in 10 years ?) :D
Rumor that Dan Gilbert wants to buy the Cleveland Indians??? What doesn't this guy own..
GOOD MORNING ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY!
The ugly cant call someone else ugly...life just doesn't work that way.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
This chick hahahahahaha chill x) RT : - you think you fresh , shit nigga im ripe .
RT : RT if you like #insects ... like #butterflies, #ladybugs, #bees, ... :)
When you appreciate what you have, then what you have appreciates in value.
#SMWSportsBiz loves pinterest, #SMW12 in general loves pinterest, we love pinterest. Definitely the next big thing
thanks. "someone" who needs to see it done right?
Yes. RT : The best thing "new" lesson being able to create again. The past four years were too much dismantling.
Good morning. Time to start my day.
It's been a long good day.
Nothing says CNY like chicken riggies!
I keep being inadvertently jealous of because she's there to give you a squeeze and I'm not!
How are you going to #CelebrateSpring? I'm going to get an Iced Coffee from m... I feel so intelligent drinking Intelligentsia
Don't live in FL just an acute follower of the legal system. And as an attorney couldn't get by without my beer.
I love eating lemons! #Yum<3
So many McCutchens, so little time.
1,000!!!! WOW CANT BELIEVE THANK YOU ALL.
Why waste time on something that u know will never work when u could be putting that time into something newer and better?? =)
hahaha I assume half of the song lol
When I saw your acc I saw like "WTF, WHY BRUNO HAS ARI'S ICON? IS HE CRAZY OR WHAT?" Rofl.
Merry Christmas, everyone! Enjoy the day! From all of us at Houston360Live.com!
Oh crap oh crap lunch better start soon!!! #Austream is starting soon! Exciting!:)
See, when I publicly ridicule the Beavs, they turn around and prove me wrong. Two forced turnovers in the first quarter?
#love and
Bothers me when I see kids that don't understand common courtesy act up uncorrected in front of their parents. You know where they get it
Doesn't everyone know second hand smoke is dangerous? Selfish people.
This might sound like a stupid question but how EXACTLY does this OLLG ticket thing work? What if 2 people from the same city get it..
Sweet couples makes me jel :/
Bad new$&good news1st bad news,got noway2et anywhere Credit cards maxed out to $4,000. I got only$100&got 2 shape out lost my cuts&build
Thank you..yup, that would be awesome!! This business it's an adventure...
Lmfaoooo!!!! my ex-bf just *67 called my phone and had his gf cuss me out LMFAO WOW WOW. HES DATING A 6TH GRADER...WOW THATS PATHETIC
Asda Finance Highlights Top Tips for Taking Your Pet on Holiday With You - MarketWatch (press release)
In a perfect world, this wouldnt happen.
i think i might drive to georgia after class. wug amount? i'll add it to the tab
Thanks for sharing our $1 deal. Enjoy the weekend
“: I go where I want, I do what I want.” RT you go girl!
Granny talking about me over the phone: "She ain't big as a mini." All these years in Michigan & that Arkansas never left, haha.
So, I came to the conclusion I'm obsessed with Sofia Vergara. She's a total goddess, and she's everywhere. Bella :-)
Betty White America's favorite GGGGILF is 90 today. Happy Birthday
So SRO Tickets, but found a great spot. Too much fun! Go #Brewers!!
LOL it's old school rules...b4 the time of google. Like using your phone to look up trivia at bars
Today is the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. <3 Love as thou will!!!
Oh, Marxists. You guys are so cute, even if you're wrong a lot. #LeftForum (cc: )
food in Spanish. duh
"other than not signing autographs", cause I know you think I'm an unprofessional asshole.
Thanks for following, and @ ade_pix!
Let's say I'll die tomorrow, somebody please tweet to Austin telling him that I LOVE HIM SO MUCH. BIGGER THAN THIS UNIVERSE. <3
follow me back please? :)
mother mons†er
saw you today and wanted to say hello
hahhaah…we can def help with series A. Impress them, son…impress them! #FUNDING!!!
"I can believe anything provided it is incredible." -Oscar Wilde
secret svc cavorting w prostitutes? Raping women for $ is more accurate.
Great point. RG3 has my vote for Heisman. Luck- sorry-had your shot
In Warsaw now
wrong shoes dudette, gotta have more ankle support
Gotta love legal drugs i.e. coffee
Major buying behavior in #tech may be #ego. Ex:
bah, SKATING BASKETBALL
thank god shes doing better . I ve been praying for her and her famliy . God does answers prayers
haha that's cool, tell your people to watch sloppy Sunday # 3 lol
They are Laker Fans im guessing but Clippers are only down by 8
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me16
Why call them tea parties when you are protesting government spending that just lowered taxes? Contradict yourself or find another name.
Stop Teasing us!!!!! pos
and El your icon is so pretty! Not to sound like a stalker who watches icons lol.. :P
I miss my babygirl )):
ok they checking IDs so make sure u got urs
Because people won't use condoms.
I'm gonna eat grapes like Dwight haha
your a Goddess...need to spice up my marriage...PLZ recommend a DVD...love u baby....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my little bro
helen feeds me some great seafood every wednesday around 3pm for dinner. she calls it the crabs special
I'm way too bored.. Typing my assignments, but I'd rather be reading my novels
DM whenever you the chance. No worries. Have a relaxing night.
I know I'm gonna sound like a bandwagon rider, but I love watching the HEAT #respectgame. Dwayne Wade yo
When im bored i like to text cha cha.
know u had a long night thank for the info. I figured they knew who they wanted but waited so signing bonus would be less.
Loving life right now
Its my one year anniversary on #twitter... where are the flowers?
Hi! Glad connected us! Nice to meet you here.
who can count~ how many adventures~ start inside a stairwell
Love how there's a beautiful Sun gleaming down on me! No more rain! After 3 weeks of rain I'm happy to see that sun! Loving this weather!
Best part of the day, when the kid I tutored opened his Christmas present and exclaimed 'My tutor baked me cookies!'
my order is scheduled for delivery on monday. fingers crossed for an early arrival on friday- want them for the weekend!
“: She has a beer waiting for you at Happy Hour. #ShesAKeeper”
haha thanks!!!! And will do to both of those things!
Is doubling Kobe really worth it?
Can you follow your new sister pls:-)
I'm good how u doin boo
I'm thankful!
it's a great song when all I have to do is see the title and now I can't get it out of my head nor do I want to!
Just because someone wants to talk doesn't mean it's about themselves.
Thanks for sharing!! Follow us for new exercise tips daily!
For Women's History Month Nina LaNegra invited me to talk about my photography of women at HALEY HOUSE CAFE Roxbury,MA tonight (3/22/12) 7pm
Why aren't drapes double sided so it looks nice on the inside and outside of your home?
thanks for the follow :)
Hi Cleveland! What's your favorite museum?
So sad I can't go to the Gym because I mess up my legs SMH BACK @ It Monday :)
Sweet! Time to get this going! :)
Plus, Cleveland Park is blowing up with St. Patrick's fun. Will RT the best of...
I agree RT : Good morning SUNSHINE. Its going to be a great one. ☺ ♥
so HAPPY ITS FRIDAY!!!about to get ready for work...
"Don't find fault, find a remedy." — Henry Ford
We're planning a special treat for the moms at driversselect this Friday. What are you doing for your mom?
Excited about #nbmbaa11 this year. Scheduling interviews now!
the teacher was giving a lecture about grades dropping.. she thinks they went down bcz we're lazy? NO , austin's the reason mine when down .
1st #meatlessmonday at the Starr House was a success. Rice & Bean burritos and salad. Thx for the inspiration &
RT if you're taken.
Talking about the Expo--what's going to happen to it now that CS is in BK? RT #slaverybyanothername is Expo finalist
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone for the first time.
Me and 3 females in the CL
What I learned about Disappointment in life's journey:"Disappointment is just a distraction.Learn from it,Laugh at it & then Let it go!"
Now time for a nice hot shower (:
Aw, that's awesome. I'm so happy for you guys!
Back home!
lol I see, well what goes on Friday nights, saturdays its reggae night.
Anyone else going to SXSW?
#WhatIWantThisSummer to get my ass to America and hug Austin as tight as i can. & prove them bitches wrong. THAT I HAVE MET HIM. (when i do)
Last week I contacted the Sean Penn charity doing work in Haiti. This week I will connect with an orphanage in Zambia.
is grooving to some Alternative music!!!
Realized I haven't tweeted in a while. So here I am. Hello.
LOL I hope and I'm 17 (;.
"But shit its still my favorite & he aint talking bout me doe." Hello then who am I talking about people? Ok whatever you wanna believe tho.
OK, responses confirm that trailing whitespace cleanup is a circlejerk.
server error when trying to invite friends from app :(
All the #MightyTaco hype. So frivolous. (I’ll probably go there one day. But I won’t wait in line.)
you dont know me but Wanna be bestfriends? :)
Long runs are only on the weekends. I don't know if I'll do 10 again though. That took like 16 hours. Lol
if this girl don't answer phone imma go ballistic!
Singledom........ Dinner? a pan of cornbread. Beverage? a Mini bar bottle of vodka.
I'm gonna HATE tomorrow
Why is Jennifer Aniston so HHHOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!???????
“I'm good, but not an angel. I sin, but am not the devil. I'm just a small girl in a big world trying 2 find someone 2 love.” Marilyn Monroe
Woke up this morn & a layer of flesh was missing from the roof of my mouth. Damn you delicious late night Edisons pizza!.
Another project done. Thank god. Another to come soon. Night.
Yeah, well, we drink in our HOMES. ;)
COME ON GUYS GO FOLLOW SISTER RIGHT NIW AND HELP HER GET TO 70k!
Wow! It just showed up on my timeline! Crazy Twitter. Been thinking about you lately. RT : 4 hours ago. I feel alright.
you must love that weapon.
Otay just let me kno the plan
Good morning :-P
wow. congrats (on bringing in the child, I mean).
Success doesn't sleep.
Everyone sucks
Can anybody tell me what the crap is going in with iPhones?
- our newest member of creative team. 9 days in: kid is a game changer. lights out!
Sleep wins every time!
“: If you mean anyone on the roster as of late...Jinder Mahal. Personally, not a fan...he's kinda boring. You?” Same
2 more sleeps and a silly amount of work stand between me and a whole week off! A WHOLE WEEK!!!!
oh no I need help lol
Time for dinner and a movie
:)) RT: Finishing up the day with a refreshing drink from
had a blast today! Like any other concert ;)
got back from a long weekend in lenox ma, i would NOT recommend going there on the off season. ew.
I'm just sayin'... don't diss the canned cranberry sauce. And it's stuffing, not dressing. Period, end of story.
Dear Auntie Em, hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog. -Dorothy
Inevitably people will see I was right about the Casino cartels and Steve Wynn. Monopolies are never good. Even worse is Corp Fascism
“: I honestly miss when she's not home..one of the funniest/most entertaining people I know”haha thanks ❤
Totally losing respect for #fakeskipbayless dishes but can't take it
We're attending the ... are you?
what's up sis! Just chillin
Commission business meeting is in session.
Will be starting our Thanksgiving road trip soon -- 450 miles of interstate, here we come!
hop off me. You should change your name so it doesn't cut off the Wolfinger
it's a deal
Day-wind, breaker. Perfect!
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention I think I'm pregnant. Bahaha.
Im in the Chicago suburbs.
Congrats to our SVP Blythe Robinson for being selected by Legacy Magazine as one of SFlorida's 50 Most Powerful Black Professionals of 2012!
great to hear that. don't know which "big move" ur referring to but i'm always on the move :)
“: seriously ?” My invitation must've been lost in the mail
Bye April
Enjoying the sun, the gym, then writing on my screenplay.
Aurelien Collin has scored 2 goals in the first half, 2 in the second half.
Looking for Great Holiday Program Staff in NY, San Fran, Orlando, Miami, Atlanta, Seattle, Boston and Chicago! email ASAP
this poor kid still had
RT RexHuppke "Check the list once. Check the list twice. Rub Rudolph's nose. Tap the sled. Check the list..." Santa's OCD is getting worse.
Going to taco bell when i leave from getting my hair done
I left my house at 6:40 this morning and just sat down at my desk. Thanks, MARC!
Chicago looks so tight when its cloudy..
lololol! Your comment on it was funny as heck tho. Like an old lady n the corner watchn EVERYTHANG lol
Jump. Jump.
I hate how people post pictures of people with cancer for likes and shit on facebook
What about the Packers?!
#SymhonyCrack cures.. get addicted
Whew.... after two hours of talking... fixed my printer again. Hate but need Wireless setup.. grrrrr..
#2hours then i can sleep!(:
Having so much fun with and
Scoping out austin-original Boathouse Grill www.boathousegrill.com for possible Homeless Coach shared meal
Eating the photo version of our rhubarb pie - this pie is awesome. Tart, sweet, a little herbal - totally different and delicious.
that's life's way of keeping you from a bad situation...you'll always be able to obtain what you're truly meant to have
This Bosh shit might affect us more than I was thinkin
haven't been for awhile kiddo.
working on some server moves, should be up tomorrow
well we definitely will spread the word that the customer service at is quite slow on being helpful :) good day
Seeing the reunion between you and Joe. Amore!!!! bravo!!!!!
Great client meeting today!! They just get it! Love when that happens!!
Baker!!! DM me, please. i have something for you brother. Thanks!
amusement achieved.
Brock is finally back after how many years? I lost count...
Just looked up to a young girl staring at me. I smile, she smiles. Then she starts reading her book, The Holy Bible. Oh Girl, been there
Thanx for the follow!! :D
New cash clown banger racks n bands ft cap1
Got 2 do wat i got to do. she will learn to leave me in the house alone and let me mind wonder...
Too bad i didnt twitpic these lil girls on Little Miss Perfect cuz they look too grown
Feeling pretty geeked about The Avengers in IMAX 3D this afternoon. Hope this one is worth the hype and not a total letdown. Reviews!?!
Fun night at bitter end. Thanks to those that came out. Happy birthday Xio. Grotto tonight. C U There.
LOL! Yeah, you're right!
Gallery night tonight! Check out BYO Studio in Bay View! Hot Pop and Too Much Metal Showroom in the 3rd Ward &The Tool Shed on the East Side
I've been sleep all day.
Thank you so much for the follow mention... XOXO..
You named your team "Skulls of the Abyss." Are you baking cakes & carving pumpkins or are you a biker gang?
I just auditioned for Jmcasting
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 3
thanks so much. Take a listen to my music. www.mevsmyself.net
I wanna get in tha shower but idk if my boyfriends coming -_- cant wait till he gets his phone on friday!
REMINDER: Jean Howard's coming to Emory! Talk on Wed. at 4pm, colloquium at noon on Thurs. Both are taking place in the Kemp Malone Library.
what is this?? i'm so confused!?!?! a type of Chipotle burrito? sweeper? new car? :)
I wish this very same thing everyday!
Lol! I'm watching E! News
& Thx for following!
Dear food conmmercials we dont take our precious little time to eat a small food item. we eat like theres not gunna b a tommorrow
Being sick is for the birds
That makes so much sense, because when I think "Zizek", I think of Robert Plant wailing
I'll be rolling up on your office around 4 today to see Aaron. Imma come find you both after.
Some awesome performances on The Vigil last night. Thanks to all the performers, and everyone who braved the rain to come check it out.
Yikes! That's almost as hard as the elephants. You did a great job...wish I could have been your slate boy!
no problem! :)
such a tragedy. rip whitney
Upper case jokes own the night!
cool kids never have the time
I will be missing while on this flight. My routine is disrupted.
i LOVE our double bestie dates c': , , and especially today at red robins :D
#ijustwannasay I am extremely jealous of those shoes
Have fun, Als! ": China=amazing! #loveshanghai"
blame the wife!
Had fun last night(:
oh my gosh. YES! summa is coming up so let's make a date to hang. (: yeah. it's been to loong. miss my little shorty. lol
RT : Economics is to entrepreneurship what quantum mechanics is to chemistry - the basic science that underlies everything*
Imagine if the boys had to take a ship to America, like one of those battle ship things
same. But it's so dumb I have no idea what I'm doing lmao goddamnit
So does unnecessary trolling.
lol.. Night Miss
Haha, okay then. We can schedule this for whenever you seem to find mi casa. Lol, :P
yea. Same here! Ppl are so mean to me, it sucks!! :(
Agreed. Still the facts are so different to what they report abt Wilders that it has become deplorably irresponsible
Tasting the wines/foods of Italy's le Marche region w/ historian Francine Segan at the Princeton Club.
Maybe we'll see his cute neighbor next time? It's really the neighbor I'd like to see..
Exactly =D
There's no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there's no end to it. - Henry Moore
Our Aztecs make it to the Final 4...
Awww thanks. You are too! <3 :D
A4: To avoid burnout, I try to "walk away" for a bit. Take a step back, do emotional inventory. Usually I uncover a surplus
Question for Bob Carter tomorrow: Will there be any diesel engines introduced in US anytime soon?..as available in the other markets
But a part of me feels this is normal for them.
RT : cc RT : One of the fan clubs for the new Follow
I've been using since before beta & SXSW 2010. Pretty sweet, LOVE the live voting.
if u say so
I agree
NBA-Miami turn the heat up on Knicks
“: Every revolution has its squares and in #Egypt #Tahrir Square is finally earning its name: Tahrir means Liberation in Arabic
OK! we're gonna need a bigger truck. Only req is to never, ever tweet about anything currently trending.
how about his almost fight with Ira newble??
For a project! I was listening:P
someone needs to dig this back out since you think you too good since you graduated college. This is PHD quality ass.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithVagina No Country For Old Vagina.. Follow me
Oh stop, you're making us blush. ;)
that's one no-dot slider from Romo, one swing through from Cuddyer
