Getting ready for birthday party bash for ... Will be a great time!!
My boyfriend also needs to admit that he's speeding. He keeps denying it. This fool is going like 90.
Hmm...a braided or twisted style, check my photos on FB
i love you too baby ; i know i feel like it was forever since we seen each other thats not good; it needs to be constant
do you do Middle School Players?
I would know have known him since the age of diapers
Thanks to and his fabulous committee for raising so much money to build your miracle field at Casino Night!!
is that what you're on?
I just do it for the niggas who wanna see a million before they die..
I disagree. As developer, I am god. I demand ritual sacrifice before I deign to listen to the prayers of my user base.
Sincere gratitude to all you have served our country -- providing us the freedoms we enjoy today. Thank you. Thank you.
hey man, nice set last night at the Indigo....dig your music
I'll be chatting with Moose Miller on around 8:45.
I'm so over this techno, club, house music that seems to be in all the new songs. Black ppl can we get back to what we know best...drums.
what's goin on with your Reds bro ?(; haha
I freakin love you and I don't know what I would do without you Youre always there for me and I will always be here for you
nah ur followers dont mind, their funny!!!:D
Where's the music teacher?! O.o last day to take the music test :o
I have eaten the speculoos chicolate bar that was in the cupboard which I was saving for your enjoyment.
just 1 hour, you can do this Nicole you can do it
It's by far our biggest challenge-- but in my opinion also our greatest opportunity to re-think how we educate.
Mystical theme of the space age? "Apocalypse does not point to a fiery end, but that our ignorance is coming to an end." - Joseph Campbell
Sneakin out the house BRB in the a.m
I wish I could, but I have a wedding to ruin... um... I mean bartend.
Man, we are kicking at the American Bistro! Great Energy
You can buy tickets now or at Plush Lounge in Long Beach on May 24th for only $10!!
You Are welcome! Keep Swingin'!
#IHateItWhen you lay down and drop your cell phone on your face.i just did it
(She also says if you donated and aren't listed to contact her. So I nudge)
There are 2 Lynn Shelton movies set in cabins in the woods (My Effortless Brilliance, Your Sister's Sister), yet no 1 records an album there
have you tried Googling? I've found a lot of great classes through google.
You can export an iCal file from scheduler and import it in to a synced calendar. I used Google calendar.
I don't have much luck with them. I'd rather you guys handle stuff. :-)
No Country for Old Boners
Can't believe the hate I just witnessed.
ANYONE WHO PLAYS VIDEO GAMES IS CONSIDERED A LADIES MAN! U DICK!
hahaha how do u make that box?
"Each was, in fact, bound by a chain; the heaviest chain ever tied to a man- it is called a watch-chain."
Unplugged is happening now!! If you arent here you need to be!!!!!
what website do i get tickets from again?
In #AthensGa, 500 children are on a waiting list for a #mentor.Help make their #wish and mine come true. Be a mentor. #Mentoring works.
u needa get internet
feeling good that i'm officially registered for classes and feeling even better that they are only on tuesday thursday.
I witnessed a verbal smack down in front of Planned Parenthood on my way in this morning. Amazing.
Back in the 225 ...
The best collection of New Yorker cards may be found at the Menil Collection bookstore. Stock up today.
#np Drake - The Real Her
not everyone followed the people with update tweets or even have tweeter.
Just imagine how long this went on...more proof we are overreacting in this country.
My Easter brunch consisted of 4 day old McDonald's hot cakes.
Just Great! My Friends Ruined The Chance To Be With The Guy I Like :'( I Was Crying In Class...
the shadow and his twin are now here for your protection
thanks for the follow! We're excited to connect and gain insight from you!
I have full confidence that you will find something awesome, soon
Putting on my pink jumpsuit & head to the mall
listening to hate me by
Why not grade them outside?
There has to be a glitch in my fantasy app, it's saying Pujols hit a home run.
HA! Great question!
Excited to be using the blue recycling bins now! The list of recyclables is fairly extensive. I'm glad the city is doing this.
Having a stuffy nose <<<
Will Dylan Bundy be in the majors for the Orioles by the end of the season?
she call me papi and i say ven aquí
great time hanging out with you
He had a better start tonight than he did in game 1.
screening for "AMANDA the movie" was simply wonderful. I'm beyond happy right now!!! I'm so fortunate and blessed with amazing people!
And certainly something we'll hear Mitt Romney accuse Barack Obama of.
the rangers line up is straight scary
Yeah, he got married maybe 2-3 years ago. From what I remember he didn't take much time off.
Ahmm that's 2 kinds of phones + Ipad RT : Last tweet has apps for watching the debate on 3 kinds of phones...
i dyed my hair today and i <3 it !
"I work hard, I drink slow"
D.Rose got 32pts tonight!
so did the prez!!
RT : Looking for cosmetologists in the #UK please contact me!
naw alex is
My Birthdayy is in Bout 40 Mins that Big
Drink a "Glass of Positivity" today.......!
Hey, fat kid who is screaming his head off at Call of Duty and threatening his sister with a butter knife because he lost,
good luck on taks week :p
ok back to the glorious revolution... has anyone ever seen a 'badge of merit'??
No wind
AOL: Advertisers willing to pay premium prices for premium content.
don't you hate it when you don't know if you should answer a tumblr ask privately or publicly
How would that even work? Finding SHA1 collisions seems like it'd be way too slow.
Why do people say "I'm over the moon for my (fill in the blank)"!! Most overused and useless saying...ever.
wwe 12 like amazing! Just wonderin if the new madden 12 will live up to what they shown monday!
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers
you very welcome like Criss always say be positive! it bring joy to me, and i hope it will to you too.
thank you Matthew Kirschenbaum
hope i'm an interesting exception haha
what movie is that with the girls in the cage? Is that a horror film?
Cooking time. Testing out my new
Yes it is, i can just tell
UWGB down three to detroit at half? Come on, lady Phoenix, you can pull it off!
"We aren't vampires we're fallen angels" AndyBVB
Would love to connect to talk tequila. The team is looking for the best events in the
Dear Netflix, dubbed movies are criminal. Please stop purchasing them. Thanks, Zak
Me: "That commercial made SAP seem so much cooler than it is." My mom: "Are you kidding me? SAP is so cool"
I hate when people keep trying to talk to you about something you just absolutely don't give a shit about. Im almost out of crap to say back
Universal Life Church - yes I can and for you I'll give you a discount!
What's going on Poov_93?
I Think I'm going to sleep now *sigh* I'm so tired *yawn*
yes, make it interactive, build relationships, be a face rather than anon logo. Driving but I'll send best practice articles later!
Ha ha, messed that up
my rent is going up, I have to pay for parking now, back to the real world
I'm eating the endorsed breakfast of champions. Large coffee and 2 packs of apple cinnamon oatmeal.
Pizarro! follow me on twitter
Tip #3: Setting priorities and goals help you focus more on what needs to be done and when things needs to be done.
MY SUPER EX-GIRLFRIEND is one the best movies of all time. HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER is also at the top of my movie list.
I thought it was calling it "HD"
Larry King must be terrified.
My cousin in pissing me the fuck off I can't wait to get to chicago n punch him the face >:(
Great to meet u on the One Love Cruise! Don't know if u remember, I sang at the Chairman's reception...Just saw u on Unsung!
Who wants to go to a college basketball game this weekend?
Bless their hearts.
Did I mention I just got my wisdom teeth out? That might be relevant to my last tweet.
“Headcheese is proof God wants us to be happy” –I saw this somewhere and LOVED it.
Hay fever is actually not an accurate name, as hay is just one of a myriad of allergens which can cause seasonal allergy symptoms, and...
I have to agree
Newt, I think I should be able to have a partnership with my doc and pharm, too.
Late night tweets. Uninformative .
I'll check it in a minute fam.
what's hannin twitter?
Bitches really be out there fckn the homies homies huh? I wish ppl would put these hoes on blast so I can point n laugh.
Email Sent, thanks!
Sorry Carrie Ann she's a good friend of mine IRL (grew up w/ her). I won't argue here - everyone has opinion.
Downtown Boise doing Global Citizen interviews; What is a Global Citizen?
Just rocked to the set in LA via the interwebs. Two nights in a row isn't enough... New song "Let Go" is like crack to my ears
lol. Like the file I have on . She is the fountain of tmi.
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.” – Elbert Hubbard
You're in the Corporate Cup - right? What's your team name?
JUST GOT ACCEPTED INTO MASSAGE SCHOOL I,M STOKED,,,
what can I say? I make everyone's dreams come true. I'm quite magical
Clean up time it's clean up time, time to put the margs away! Ugh, my house smells like tacos & my hair: bonfire! #CincoDeMayo was a success
favorite frames of last week's intro course? give it up!
for the shout!
my reaction?? ;D
its going good :) how about for you??
Another country heard from... You're to cool to text now?
Conference attendee: "Democracy is kinda ugly. This is why the founding fathers didn't want a democracy."
Thank you! Yours is an excellent perspective. :)
fist me as long as its a role-play
WHY U DNT CUM ON TUESDAYS U KNOW DAT MY SHYT EVERY TUESDAY
I don't understand why #AnnaWintor thought it was questionable to put a black girl on the cover of #Vogue. Why not?
You have #TeamGentlemen on your bio? Damn you must know how to treat a lady.
How can I do four more chemo treatments after all the hell of past treatments? I plan on living a long life & I will do whatever it takes
I know lots of people disagree, but I STILL can't help but think CD is one step from greatness!!!
If you're in the Exton, PA area tomorrow, stop by & see me @ Borders Express in the Exton Mall during my signing from 1-3pm.
would love my last tweet(:
Folling 500 and only 50 Followers? Come on people share the love. :)
Making an effort to work today. I don't miss the commute, but I miss work! (I can't believe I just said that and meant it)
Damn its hard for a nigga to find a GOOD woman with some low Pussy milage in Milwaukee cuz they all been ran thru lol!
Blizzard prep supplies same as Super Bowl supplies: beer, guacamole, chips....hm?
The McClain sisters perform on the Mall of America And that's the bottom line, cause Alexander "A-Game" Miller said so!!!
Littering and … littering and ...
Good Evening! I pray all is well in your life.........I Love YOu!
RT Human history is a race between education and catastrophe. - H G Wells #Education for
statistics is actually the last thing on my mind right now
love it! RT I completely agree! It's such a cool moment. RT : I love meeting Twitter friends IRL
I keep hitting the escape key on my keyboard, yet I am still here.
thx. Same here.
Really wish I had someone to talk to about how I feel bit it seems I just listen to everyone elses problems and get nothing in return..
We are interviewing beneficiaries for year #4 of our successful national program run by the sportsbiz industry. Interested ?
: Dan, this is what the Animation dptmnt. thinks the title of the video is. We'll correct it if you let me know the real one.Thx.
Value is multiplied in the hands of the competent, divided in the hands of the incompetent. - DM
Bro, do some doodles or watch a video on youtube, or talk to somebody in class, bro, bro. Bro. :o
Packed and out of the house in record time. Boys are all wound up, with 725 miles to go!
If You Don't Care , Why Tweet About It ?
Spent the day in New York City visiting my alma mater, NYU!
Almost game time!!
hahaha mines curly underneath but so straight on top.. I'm like whaaa daaa ef...
you know what a new type of movie would be great like big people doing it, looking like a Bunch of over grown oompa loompas
MTP's office in Berkeley is closed today, 3 June. Electronic access continues. Our fingers would like today to be Thursday, it seems.
Heyy Nick! Come back into my life, thanks. <3
Rocking Rockwood Music Hall in NYC on Sat. Jan 14th!
Watching Goosebumbs!...or as says "CGB: Computer Generated Booboo."
still in love with that birthday cake remix
i think its time i get to know my rootz !! i feel left w.o sonethin to rep :(
my to do list just keeps getting longer and longer
RT : Have you gotten the iOS app yet? Let us know what you think!
He's a businessman; he'll use the law any way he can.
Saw a beautiful and hilarious David Henry hwang reading!
Tell me what you want from a publisher. I KNOW you have a book in you!
Writing up my plea for funding to attend LITA National Forum this year.
Back in San Diego after a wonderful vacation to Alabama. Nothing quite like beautiful weather to welcome me home.
Tune in Sunday, November 6 to watch Selena Gomez host the 2011 MTV EMA from Belfast, Northern Ireland! Promo Video:...
My computer keeps asking me when I'm getting my tax refund check :-p Upgrade?
Taking a little nap.
Nice to see you and the Mrs yesterday evening, looking forward to your review and videos!
Follow on instagram for all thing art, design and street lurkin ....
Looking for the magic bullet - targeted traffic...
Maybe there's a snake loose in the U Comms office, and the hamsters are hiding.
all of the good tickets will be sold out
Can anything be cancel, if the people are united? Unity rally when we
I love it when my #firstworldproblems solve themselves, so I don't have to tweet about them.
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for Apple and breakout.
GOOD: we got new carpet in the library. BAD: the pattern makes the roaches invisible.
About to blow off homework to take the girls out
We make $$$! Retail Profit, New Customer Acquisition Bonus, Team Commissions, Matching Bonuses, Customer Acquisition Incentives, Bonus Poo
En route to the #MKEfoodies2012 Oysterfest! Let the deliciousness begin!
Now playing.... The wiz/pirates of penzance. So sophomore year of high school. You were a roller coaster.
Yeah they have one built in there now...
Today all of our employees are wearing green to support Safety, another great event that is part of our Safety Week.
What, you still read paper? If I can't do a search of a document, I get really annoyed :)
Thoughtful & exciting presentation presentation by Fredericksburg Acad team. Positively addressed time issues-YES!
While I wait some very nice #bassnectar is pleasantly penetrating my ears. Thank you
who the fuck keeps unfollowing me bc 3 days ago I was at 469 followers, now I'm at 466 :|
better late than never but never late is better they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together
Keep calm and
Everyone should go follow cos she's just awesome.
The secondary part of the inaugural exhibition is now on view until September 30th. Check it out!
Thx you God for letting me still be alive.
my opinion "its no ones fault but the geniuses that didn't have enough common sense not to run 6 miles in 90 weather"
Drs. Oz and Roizen: Rewards of exercise: The pleasure principle
Enjoy your visit with the family.
Your pics are terrific! So pretty! :)
I just called you!!! (:
What does a cannibal eat with cheese? Pickled organs.
Hello everyone- hope to talk about the bus of documenrtation & training, what we're looking for and other topics of interest.
That last tweet was badly in need of punctuation. I'm going to WICKED, because my job rules.
Exactly lol. Honestly I kind of hope it's later. I don't have any money right now!
A little over an hour till game time!
S/O to Jerome Hicks, Patrick Turner, Chris Brooks for providing fantastic music this weekend!
couldn't agree more. but so filled with sadness!
": #HellOnWheels is not moving me." What is hell wheels?
Without competition, there is no way to differentiate yourself.
what's even the point of homework mode?
We have such a great zoo!
That awkward moment when a some guy is watching porn in a public library.......
"You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world."
Ugh #P90X2 UPPER BODY Today but at the same time i'm gaining something
Whoa... lets not make any rash decisions here...
Rocktagon MMA presents Elite 12 Pro/Am Jan 21 in Cleveland. Call 440-731-1321 or your favorite fighter to get tickets before they sell out!
Coffee, bible, ladies, free babysitting for 2 hours . . . it must be CBS!
I've seen the 'Inglorious Basterds' and I loved it...Tarantino is nuts...I love him :=)
revenge best show ever with !!!!!!!
hello to you# follow me
“: “A person who gets information from 20 different sources is almost impossible to propagandize.” #LiveAtState”
saving $$$ in schools with stephanie #edcampKC - compelling so far.
Great day yesterday at the Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides Premiere!
i needed this 4 day week of school!
Who wouldn't want a 25 gift card!? Tag us and tweet #luvuplatoscloset for a weekly chance to win!
RT it you remember the concert in Seattle, Washington. <33
MY TEETH ARE FUCKING KILLING ME
In geometry it difficult.
Gotta think Tannehill's wife had a big part in that pick
I'm might have to give up eating cereal because Almond milk just doesn't cut it.
Some real shit.
She's got to be somebody's grandma, cuz she's so fine. 🎵🎶
Which location? We're open year-round everywhere except Ocean City and Myrtle Beach!
...as distinct from social MEDIA analysis, which is about content and data on websites/networks.
RT : already sold! I was happy with the stroller and happy to pass it on. “: Great deal :)”
Thanks for the RT on the music video! hope you liked it
Ally from Austin & Ally is mad corny ew
..or i'll try to replace it. it's all green and shit, and i'm pretty sure swimming and shit with it wouldn't be nice..
The moment when you love the teacher, and feel so bad when you dont do something..
Sad I won't be able to attend the first event. But you should go there and listen to talk about Ruby on Rails.
I can hear a "Hey kids, want some candy?" type of voice too.
Hurt and lost
great idea
love you more!!
i told you bitches regular fishes can't swim wit sharks.
Computer on all night. Who is tweeting at 5am?
Just finished watching one of our pilots we cast..it turned out to be EPIC! We r gearing up for the season so stay tuned for more details!
: is Coachella going to be a w/ band kind of thing, or a stand at a table with a MacBook thing?
It is the surmounting of difficulties that make heroes. Louis Kossuth
If anyone is pulled over at a check point –they should remember the four steps to avoiding arrest: 1. cooperate but do not admit anything
KIK me please(:
Health literacy: In a study patients were given 5 pill bottles. Fifty percent did not understand at least one of the labels.
Follow I love this woman, she is a wonderful person and holds it down for my camp XOXOXO
you realize you are describing THE perfect cup of coffee .... I'm not sure ill be able to go go Starbucks ever again!
vs. Bulls at the Bradley Center tonight!
The fact that my boyfriend has seen The Vow more than I have <<<
your a THIeF cuz You Stole My HEART " c;
Hi ! Things are great but busy! How are you? Have a great time in NYC!
yes I am!!
was looking on 4SQ to see if it was worth the trip up there. My analysis said no-go, but wanted you to validate.
haha sadly no, but if you're ever in need of a replacement for your mascot, I've got experience now. ;)
My dad trying to show me up with gifts for my grandma. Balloon, flowers, chocolate, lunch. I see your game.
This is the ONLY correct answer for this TT>>> #SexAintBetterThan $$$$$
cry loud inside sometimes i jus wanna die-Tyler the Creator
Tried out a new tough circuit today i saw on
Making it rain all day Bro! Hahaha a trip out here sounds great, I need a cross country journey myself.
Charlie Furbush. Insert juvenile tweet here.
"every life has its purpose, mine is to prepare the way for Him. Even if it cost me everything" -John The Baptist
Justin Beibers hair comes from s beard.
A lizard ran into the wall
Thank You[:
still 2 West Allis wards yet to count.
Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty violent image there. . - Jerry Seinfeld
Blasting some Ray Charles. Chillin
Celebrating my birthday a little early with cookies for breakfast.
Very good thanks mate. How you been keeping? Nice and busy?
I keep calling, omg !
That would work for me :)
He knows exactly what to say to make a huge smile on my face♥
Got that Dunkin Donuts coffe bro!!!
Next time then. RT : “: Hope you had a great weekend.” I had to study all weekend!
So excited about Easter tomorrow! I'm glad he died but I'm so grateful/happy he rose :-)
Was great to attend #PLA12 #PLA2012 but not to so great that I won’t be going to #CIL12 #CIL2012 :(
Just got home to realize that around 6am i took the pictures off my walls expecting another earthquake today
in 1992 we didn't really have the web, so yeah, little bitta change there!
Such an amazing trip to Chicago!
Good morning back at you ! Hope your day is perfect.
RT Suzie's mouth runs like water
"Neon" coming up NEXT on #Pittsburgh where our favorite colors are
I really feel like a lot of #NFL players' names could double for indie bands
Watching my dog watching the Westminster Dog Show. Truly the first time she's watched TV. Adorable.
I don't care though. I'll live.
nothing to do -_-
Absolutely love Beautiful performance tonight.
good morning Mr. Maye
im doing great too! yeah we definitely will! i come out to byu in august, so we for sure will!
20 more minutes
As did we. Think spring!
Still got that game on my mind! It sucks to get beat by penalties... or was it bad coaching - lol
WHERE ARE YOU SUMMERTIME >.<
I love the video! Am so excited to get this conversation started. My challenge is email & making my inbox manageable.
Waiting to be summoned at Jury Duty in the quiet (tech) room w/ the other addicts. It's no wonder we all freak out when connection is lost.
In the event of a drive-by, it will stop most bullets. Thanks for picking up all the books!
I'm not a big hockey fan either, I'm a casual observer of NHL playoffs. Been to 1 NYR game, still haven't made it to Caps game.
great news!
You can be atonal, or you can be arrhythmic, but you cannot be both.
I was at the game today. Very, very special puck drop. Glad I was there.
haha cool :) where you from?
Hahaha you were blowing UP my phone & stuff last night #iloveyoutoo bestttfraaann
I feel like she always does though
It's definitely making you the front runner!
Oh Say Can You See, by this slut's reckless flight. Over a twig, will she fall. And die violently screaming...
If there's ever a remake of Truffaut's "The Bride Wore Black", I'd cast you as the 2nd victim, Robert Coral.
LeBron James' head band gets thicker every year. We know Bron, we know.
WHO KNEW?
Decide who you are and who you want to be and recreate yourself according to God�s original blueprint and not someone else�s
that's all i have to say.
excited about the new cast members for our company!
how was monday?
It was a sweet night tonight only
don't know their name. but they wear period clothing sometimes. and nun habits on Easter.
DM me your email. I want to invite you to our SXSW kick off party.
Charlie Sheen turns 46 today. I wonder what he'll do to celebrate. M.......
ha! Maybe I'm just hyped about the Cougar Town/TBS rumor. Truthfully, I've really enjoyed this AR season more than recent ones
i need my hair colored
In music class in H. School, we had to play a song on the keyboard. It was the only song I ever learned.
#WiseWordsToLiveBy "Your a simp and she can smell it on you.. That's why you only see her when you buying stuff for her"
RT : People charge professional prices but haven't developed a professional product. /via
CD AND DVD replication on the up & up! Have no explanation but ecstatic about it. The death of the disc is over exaggerated in my opinion...
To understand is to perceive patterns.
Mom, just.. just fucking stop. Your half-assed cheerful disposition is pissing me off
I. Don't. Like. You. BITCH!
is sick. Fuck.
you ain't even let me know about that one shit bro
There's a glass-half-full side, too - I'm having a blast at the moment - but half empty is the story people need to hear...
i wanna hear al about it!
out collectin funds.. Right now
Make it a great day!
Eh ok. I give up. Didn't pick #cuse or #louisville or #UF to get this far. Give me Kansas and Kentucky in the final and I'll be happy.
Cool and sorta the same trying to keep up with the drama in my school !
heya is your bday today? i have a present from Soviet Republic
davvvvviddddd you should guest list me for your show in okc the 20th I'll even walk to the show if I have to
I think Ed`s a modern version of the Lizard King.
When Stella doesn't log out of her Facebook on my phone >>>>>>>>
In my life I wish to befriend a Phoebe Buffay and work for a Michael J. Scott. Talk about daily entertainment!
Team Chicago has been in that little room for a long time.
Carlos Santana batting for Cleveland Indians ! Wtf I thought he played guitar
Are deep friend Snickers any good?? I always see them. Makes me hungry but I think, "They CAN'T be any good."
Thank you! ~fist bump~ right back.
only for chemistry or home room lol and i think i had a spanish 3 class up there lol damn that was a long time ago
Im trying to take a day without listening to Adele .. (later) I give in !!!!! - Zaona
so sorry you cannot make #govwebcon, hope you can follow on the twitterfall - will say Hi to !
the worst thing in the worst is when u get the last toaster strudel in the box and some dumbass decided to not leave any icing
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times
HOME RUN NATE BURNS! 3-run homer to right. His 3rd of the year. Panthers take a 7-4 lead.
Oop the happy dev house is this Saturday MARCH 31
stop being mean
Overwhelmed with #sportsbiz discussions and opportunity right now for
In the "Museum Mixology" session this morning. (note to boss: There are no cocktails here, I promise.)
You live and learn, and move on...
Rember that, love is, is what I got.
Early going Sunday with about 80 cappers with hoop action posted and 3 college hoops consensus so far and more to come
dont trust nobody even the devil was an angel
Hey guys, I'm so sorry for the lack of updates :/ just been busy lately! Gonna try to post a new video tomorrow (today) though :)
At The Frolic Room w having a birthday beer before we do something crazy at 5:30...
I miss your dog. He's got charisma.
When you were born you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in such a manner that when you die, the world cried and you rejoice.
birds of a feather tweet together. :-)
Thanks to and others! Great to spend time with you at
I had a burrito for lunch. Now I want to sleep
Why every time I'm in the kitchen, YOU in the kitchen? In the GOT DAMN refrigerator! eatin up AAALLLLLL the food?
hey man - I'm coming to Toronto tomorrow. what was that coffee shop by your house you and Sarah like a lot? need address too...
I’ve been using Google for years and I have no idea who uses the “I’m Feeling Lucky” button.
- Congrats Ma!!
We can support women by helping them see everyday situations as opportunities.
I know. My Mrs is May 24. She's been counting down for three weeks!
so happy to hear them they are in usa just got there
P.S. I love all your wedding inspirations pins on pinterest :-) I've been forwarding some of them to my brothers fiancee
We should probably get very drunk before seeing this.
Nature hike Dunes Natl' Shoreline. We LOVE 2 learn
hope you dont get sick! :)
O free punches to the face?! I'll take one! RT Think i'm gonna have to go on the free punches in the face all week again
No but I had an H4. Same thing but with two mic/guitar inputs. Accomodations for playing guitar on the couch
Good job Broxton! didn't blow it like usual. Now time to change over to the Kings game 2 c if they can get closer to clinching playoff spot
It really is. I hope the NBA follows suit next season.
thanks for the follow :)
#1Rule: Never get attached to something that wasn't yours in the first place.
i think i mighhhttt be able to get the new edgeworth 2 game by computer
Looks like & I arrived at in Boise just in time to catch an amazing set from
should probably take another look at pinterest... trying to overcome the initial inertia jumping into yet another social media tool
are bent on giving someone a seizure with their commercials this season
I've been there. Have you?
That you have a new math teacher
Macroeconomics will be the death of me. How the fuck are people Economic majors is the real question here?! 😡
"Librarians? More like LiBRAINians!" I <3 my friends :)
Come on people spread the word. RT 8 more followers and I'm sharing a #fucking pic from my video today!
The eye girl?
Look at 4 Mexican journalists killed in last week
Milwaukee fans might remember NIU asst coach Todd Townsend from Marquette. . I remember him as big and controversial part of NT team in 2000
Teach your kid/kids good values
Toddler Time today @ 1030. Craft, song, story, carousel ride!
Watching on Good Morning America .. LOVE that voice and she is absolutely adorable ... cute yellow dress!
#InMiddleSchool i hung out under the stands at the football games.
The is gunna be Booming 2nitee
no way, i eat dry cereal quite often. Good times.
1994: You're cute(: and you should tweet me more!
Thank you, sir. Your opinion carries weight.
werey ya at my sweetyness =P
not as promising as yours. nice draft.
Only folks still using pagers - old school ER docs and NFL refs, apparently
what is the most valuable game you have in your collection? Also, who would win in a fight Godzilla, king kong or Gamera?
#IDontNeedAnyone to tell me what i'm worth
ToDAy ONLY!!!!! Promo Special Buy 2 Or More Tickets to The Blezz Melano Red Carpet Event and We Will Match it!! Celebs! MTV! Models Bottles!
YOU hold copyright on whatever YOU create as soon as it's recorded/written. It's on you to register it, defend it, or transfer it
I don't hear anything yet....#Occupy Coalition in #Milwaukee is now mobilizing for a "Take Back City Hall" and should be arriving shortly
Fuck you, glass next to glasses, filled with watered down iced coffee.
": Did you know that when someone appears in your dreams, it's because that person misses you." I had a dream about ...
way to put yourself on blast
What are the movies with the longest and shortest time spans? I'm guessing 2001: A Space Odyssey and Friday
and you know mine!
I'm obsessed with this new work. I never want to leave rehearsal.
how far did you hav to run? :)
Guess , imma have to reset my phone .
That's one good looking little man!
Congrats to Jermaine!!! Question...y is Xtina wearing a bedazzled diaper? Oh well--->Nuggs time!
Are all young girls hot? Or are all hot girls young?
Thanks for having me on your show. Makes me look forward to coming back to Chicago
How can people be so mean? 😢
You're enthusiasm never ceases to amaze me
You can now get Martita’s™ Guiltless® Margaritas @ Lakerz Pub & Grill in Oconomowoc located @ 118 E Wisconsin Ave. Enjoy!
I regret that my plans have changed and I will not be visiting Austin during SXSW. Sorry to miss hanging with you guys.
The admissions officers who were responsible for Vassar's Early Decision mix-up should be punished with a month of meals from "ACDC."
Yes RT : So far all the home teams have won in the #NFL playoffs. Does it continue in Green Bay?
guess what!
OH by Info Desk student after telling visitors that books didn't need to be paged and we're open 24/7: "this place is like heaven!"
Keeping your clothes well pressed will keep you from looking hard pressed.
Family comes first! Yes it was a nice one to attend! Chuck played great! Nice way to start Christmas weekend! #doyouknowme lol
Looking forward to hearing from , , , , , & others at #denialconf!
Let's go kill some dogs soon.
Bout to Hit theese sheets, and count theese sheep.....
#RIP Whitney Houston. We will always love you.
What would American Bud drinkers think if they knew their beer supported soccer in England?
but that's impossible in your case since you always look gorgeous and perfect
Five hours of sleep -_____- No me gusta.
Heaven leaves heaven... Heaven comes down - to enter in to bring others out. Diane Langberg
I'm sure there was some kind of membership fee. I'd take another peek, but it's already poop-smeared.
So glad to hear it, thanks! We love that one!
I do like that :)
oh how things have changed...like those stylish vans or the look on your face
Red carpet-check. Runway-check. After-party...soon!
... but would you rather listen to a RUSH song?
waking up! but good
Finally, home. Drizzly night spent cuddled up on the couch w/ a glass of #wine & home cooked meal...
Thanks! I currently have "let's go to the mall" burned into my brain on constant repeat now...
Caved in and created a Twitter account. Why? Because said so!
: yo, ! What's the show to attend this weekend? Been out of town for two weeks but now I'm back...
did you like the wild finish to the Nationwide race!!'
I'm now following you again.
o C-A-T-S Cats! Cats! Cats!
Interesting - #IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight - assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
congrats girl!
we could talk abt unnatural things for days. I'm asking what the difference is between those two things specifically.
dude, you have missed so much of what's been going on. Call/txt me on my sis' phone 832-314-5485
you gonna be a Cardinal fan now Dan?
Since Kings Speech both J Edgar and Iron Lady have featured politicians struggling to improve their speech. Who thought THAT would catch on?
I cried a bit but I more wanted to pummel all the lame ass good for nothing school administrators.
Chicago just irritates me
Watched a show and got the best idea for a middle name. Wait For It.
Great meeting this morning with Gordon Murphy. Enjoyed learning about the Barnabas Group and talking about the old CCDA days.
Glad to hear it!
MAGIC #adult photo's presenting Lisa Ann
I love being gang banged!
Oh hey, I did that with my Adjustables on a jacket the other day, too! How'd it work out for you?
#theavengers #josswhedon = comic god. He made a comic book come to life, not try to interpret 1 like #christophernolan did with #batman. 10!
Just about browned out in grandpa's chair.
"it must be cold for those with no warm memories...we've already missed the spring" -An Affair to Remmember <3 *a lady's classic :]
The Milwaukee Schrabs have landed. #kate&robwedding
Spring and the beginning of Q2 is a great time to re-examing your commitments. Are you on track, what's your strategy?
Damn I want you to come over before you head home but shit it might be late af lol
First law on holes - when you're in one, stop digging.
Hoping to help fuel the nation's awakening. Let me know if there is anything I can do in
RT Ultimate irony: a line of hand sanitizers pulled from market due to being contaminated with bacteria.
[Philippians4:19]FatherGod shall supply all our need according to HIS riches in glory by LordChristJesus [1Peter5:7]Cast all our care on HIM
DL the film on iTunes
You were fantastic!
Getting ready for basketball practice
That's what we love to hear! Glad we can help you out. RT Your delivery guy rocks. Best customer service, no contest.
Tell EVERYONE! RT: Hey , Best Show Ever.
Thanks for the RT's Have a great weekend!
Golf carries with it the comity and goodwill that are very rare in politics - Zach Wamp
it's all good though!
morning twitter. chillin, mall with ma niggas soon.
True - I'm seeing a lot of that motivation on websites and in my mailbox right now.
glad u came...u can get to dance in the music video! They do that song on tour!
Oh I don't know if Posted this yet but I got my drivers permit I think around a month ago yay only 7 months left till I can get my license
T2 - but heck, if it's only contribution is to push Facebook to improve, that will be worthwhile.
#theshitkymeishasays oh yeah! (porn star voice)
dear god lol. check your voxer
Smh . Hopefully you back before August 2nd
#youknowthatneed to start humming when the conversation has been dead while giving somebody a lift in your car?
I ate way to much. Ugh.
RT : Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes ~...
Vote Today!
RT : "Brunch is a time to catch up with friends...and Lesley" - // thanks guys cc
that's right, you're #notgonnawin because #imgonnawin :)
And keeps on rolling. He and Team Penske win the pole in Sao Paulo. Watch the race Sunday at 11am ET on
Hook yourself up already! Subscribe to FreeMixtapeLove.com and get great sounding, free music. You deserve it.
soon as i hit the water i started to die lmbao hahahahaha
Writing slightly unconventional analysis of The Good Soldier...for an arch. class, w/ some Adolf Loos thrown in. Interdisciplinarity is fun!
I watched up to like season 6 over the course of 2 months. While its funny, all the characters become so 1dimensional later on
Listening to my Reno Radio station Wild 102.9 online!
I Cant Sleep On A Warm Pillow...
SOMEBODDY LEFT THE GATE UP!
Come to ACM's concert, Rugged American Elegance, on Friday November 4. Checkout www.americancenturymusic for more details.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
Q4,#sschat, we reinacted the tearl of tears! Studied it first, students wrote the script, planned the costumes, went on a trail videoed it!
Where's summer!
beautiful! i dunno what's wrong with my googling tonight, but i couldn't find that for the life of me.
Hm, I'll have to put my thinking cap on! What about other science-related stories?
Happy birthday to the beautiful ! #birthdaygirl (:
Looking forward to it! :
I can't wait to get out of work
Had a Dr appt today and there were dozens of pamphlets in the waiting room, all promoting different drugs with many possible side effects.
Sure! How can I? <3 Thanks :)
RT “: I predict more hits for ” --yeah, if she keep hanging out with cris brown...
If you have time for drama then you aren't using your time wisely...
white chicks, mean girls, and the note book<3
I must get tickets! Oh dear I hope they come to WA *-*
Thank you Lord for another day
I hate you
Great! We'll have live music from the Benderz!
Today's K atty tip: Does your agency have a bonus program for your #contractattorneys? It matters if you want the best talent.
I have been having a custody battle against crazy socialite lauryn shackles over benji! Shell b on twitter soon!!!!
I also enjoy "White Dude In Berlin Leaning Menacingly [Over Maps of Colonial Lands]."
Yess.. I'm back in business! :)
Craig James. JUST KIDDING!!
Beta trip tomorrow. Were gonna
Come on in and say "bye" to me, this week! My last day in shop is a week from today. Texas here I come!
Mine is going pretty good thx for askin :) and why not so good for most of u ?
We will use the weekend to slowly adjust to your impending disappearance.
austin can yue plz notice me or follow me or something i will be in love with yue forever andya so plzzz:)
if you decide to do it let me know, I'm on Etsy. Would be happy to share what I've learned.
makes good point that nonprofits can sustain projects from #hackathons. Doesn't need to be govt.
"You went into the barrel and out..." but in reality, you were in there for 18 hours, having the time of your life.
it looks your face is the perfect fit for that body,,,I've saved one of those photos on my laptop.:(
Haven't seen it, but I still don't believe it :) I'm great... keeping busy in the Big Apple... LA seems to agree with you!
Man I miss my black berry .. I was thuggin it out I swea
Thanks weather for cancelling my fishing charter, now i gotta shop with the wife all day...
BRIAN!! Thanks so much - I missed you too and hope everything is going great w you! I can't wait for MDR to open up!!
Wow! Time does fly. But that's a good sort of progress. :)
The plain white one.
Good to see you at 's event!
oh man... How many days till football starts? Gonna be a long summer.
I Hoopppeee and Wiisshhh that will come to the USA again for a second leg!!! Pleeaassseee!!!!<3
I've already have, ehe. I'll enjoy it to the maximum because it's true you do only live once.. Get your ass to Miami dude :o
Our Night School band blog has been updated. Check it out at www.nightschooled.blogspot.com
yea he can drive!! I member when he tweeted about it!(:
i am chillin
Ha ha. I'm a petite hourglass. Gwyn is nutty.
Well Heath Bell isn't too bad of a guy he threw me a baseball right after the game.
GOOD MORNING Milwaukee. I need some #music suggestions to kick my day off right. GO!
These young ladies are ill
Hey Thrillist (this is a person, not spam-promises) I don't know if you accept events but I've got somethin I think you'd like!
I just hope you can change her mind.
Nice, is it pretty novice-friendly software?
Dear Netflix you should of consulted with a PR firm before making all your customers angry!
♥ RT : Can't believe it! We're approaching 200,000 'likes' on Facebook! What an amazing family of support!
Haters are always going to yell your failures and whisper your successes. Make sure 2 keep 'm quiet!
you'll be my american boy
Tired...cataloged two bins of props.
I bet you were the one on the right..;-)
Train tickets just past 4:45 with the End of the Workday Giveaway. All you have to do today is guess a number between 1 and 10.... ~boomer
ya bad start to my day. Will in like 3 months
I sent ya a FB message ;-)
Can i get a fucking donut???
Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far
"Five accused of conspiring to blow up Cleveland-area bridge"... so, are they white and we must call them a militia, or arab and terrorists?
Poor Alec Williams RT : "I thought I was gonna have to put myself in at the end there"
Nothing like sitting outside of accounts waiting for someone to show up.Sit for 20 minutes,take the order in 30 sec. Commission....90 cents.
Dustin Kahlil Band stays strong in Hard Rock battle
#Wall #miamibeach tonight!
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made
Mentorship is a way to build bridges between different generations
Everyone go see at
Quick shower
> IMHO (as self-declared "good & fun" talent) it's a bit of both
Ahaha me too ..shits fun RT ": Im real good at being an asshole [;"
Only Kobe can rape a girl and show his face in public again
What does Coach #Cowher think of #Big Ben? WWW.USSportspages.com
aka a little too much coffee?
Lone Star buckets for $10. That's a bucket of 6 for $10. We are doing that everyday all day. Closed on Mondays.
jealous of the females in your life, looking sharp guys!
70% of nonprofit professionals in DC and NYC find their jobs unfulfilling in the nonprofit sector.
We have some stuff signed by him...
We begin by reviewing your needs through discussions with family members & when necessary, with #healthcare providers. 408-977-1133
I do that as well. Its weezer's best song.
I like the part.. Never mind, I didn't like it at all! At first I was exited & then I was like,did I just spent 10$ on this?
Is there a growing awareness/concern amongst spa-goers about Fair Trade Certified ingredients in their spa treatments?
Catch Sherlock Holmes this weekend at the Varsity Theatre 9pm on Friday, 7 & 10pm on Saturday. Tickets are just $2 with your MUID!
I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me
Amazing social media webinar going on now
ok that's cool
Money Running
why is it so hard for me not to smile?! #why #iguessimjusttoobubbly (:
Tovo indicates she believes that the agreement for Green redevelopment was intended include "longterm affordability, not seven years"
Smoking something good, 3 blunts and I'm smacked out.
DealBook: JPMorgan x2019;s Outsize Trades Drew Interest of Regulators United States and British regulators have been in discussions with
what about the flyers?
If we had food everyday in Locurtos class, I guarantee our grades would be better.
Let's hope we can keep it up!
Every worthwhile accomplishment, big or little, has its stages of drudgery & triumph; a beginning, a struggle & a victory.
everybodys working for the weekend!
Yes! Idk I just don't feel like going to sleep though xD
There is a certain volume that P.J. Hanley’s reserves for games against Boston-area teams.
I feel like I'm in high school - Parklife just came on my iTunes shuffle followed by Cornershop "45."
o okay :( wanna go to the movies tuesdayy ?
But solid food is for the mature, who by constant use have trained themselves to distinguish good from evil. -Hebrews 5:14
people in Philadelphia who are plugged into the Eagles.
The conductor of my subway train winked at me and said good night as I left the station. #winningatnewyork?
RT : No sleep till !
Stop being afraid... we're all introverts at some level... with experience comes comfort and confidence.
GoodMorning Everyone From
I sent you the link to my commentary today on Canadian TV on George Zimmerman and
All those fairy tails are full of shit. One more stupid love song and I'll be sick! #NewJam!
Good Records and Other Music in NoHo are pretty rad.
You want me to move? We would miss you!
Moderate stress,like driving to an unfamiliar place to take a memory test,can produce test results similar to those of a Alzheimer’s patient
Thanks so much for the awesome review , you rock! So glad you enjoyed the new CD!
So freakin' pissed that Levi Johnston stole our preferred baby name, Breeze Beretta. Will go with second choice, Tornado Uzi.
I thought you worked for both, thus more work up here...
I'm going to say it was over disagreements of religious beliefs
watching dance moms miami! love every one of them!
Purple Haze is in the house!!! Come by for TGIF. All 8th is $40 no tax
Ok people, to work I go. Let's hope the #Cubs get a W!
At work smashing
wins at Bay Hill. Good for him. Honestly. Screw the negativity. Good for golf, too. Trending to nobody's surprise...
Everytime i go work out its always a big bitch walking like she got no where to go.
Judging from the number of people at Kroger, Columbus is totally panicking over snow tonight...
Overcast night in Deerfield for the 23rd annual Classic track and field meet. There are 18 Division 2 and Division 3 teams competing.
I'm doing a theme for my tumblr :)
Why do they call you wolf? Is it because you have the biggest forehead I've ever seen?
The decline in journalism is appalling. Between copy errors and bad headlines. GRRRRRR. Now, facts are wrong, evidenced by the...
that's an inverted 'oh my god'.
Thanks! We're excited about it. RT : Congratulations! That's exciting for you
Listening to Newport Folk Festival on radio, not like the real thing, but for this easily visually distracted person, almost as good.
Our celebration of the legendary Warda Al Jazairia continues..
yes indeed she did -.-
--> Good morning, Jamie. Have a great weekend!
RT : A firm handshake is a sign of a good interview!
1 GM seed for iPhone, iPad released to developers
You're SO sexy.xD
PLEASE please follow back :o)!!!!
:) RT Sitting back and watching my former interns go onto greatness - I cannot explain how good it feels - congrats everyone!
Small libraries, museums & other cultural heritage institutions do not have resources like major institutions - beware elitism.
Why does everyone have to have a damn song with 2 Chainz?!
yes I can't wait to go!
it's too late, I'm off to sleep. Count yourself lucky.
: Rich Girls/Boys are worse as Rich Asshole Couples. "I run this town, babe." | "Buy me that, babe." | "You want that, babe?"
Her and I worked on both sides together. :)
I would make u my bitch but u already it lol
Day 2 of dancing on Basis Of Decision!
#bunfun for days!
your twitter name is stupid , just like you .
lol oh ok . Thanks
U also:
And I love my Nephew!
Hawaii Web Design and SEO Company, E.B.B. Interactive, Targets HVAC, Real Estate, and Veterinary Markets
my favorite game! ill be playing that on wednesday
Friday night discussing empowerment through digital media! Woot!
yes the truck of naughty naughty things. Lol
absolutely! Self-nominations are definitely encouraged :)
Not the four letter word that I'd choose, but yes, you're right.
list of things that cause cancer 1. EVERYTHING!
Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Love her..
No more orthopedic boot! Happy day!
Hitless in Seattle staring Phil Humber. .
#Kidnation Concert Tonight at August Wilson Center at 8 PM!
Good morning & happy Friday!
Ha. MTV has a podcast called 120 seconds. I remember when it was 120 minutes!
Talked with Google Attribution Labs today. Would love to get beta access to Google Analytics multi-channel funnels features
He should be around a .280+ hitter. He is right in his prime too, which makes it confusing.
uh oh Chelsi is cussing again
SENIORS... Remember "people don't remember how u start.. but will remember how u finish"
it's rough, isn't it? Darn sacred cookies....
Halloween/Day of the Dead means skull masks and altars. Make your own at Mingei International. Oct. 29, 11-3. BP Family Day
Oh go on. Did Tiger meet a stripper named Pebbles Beach? Was that the married name of Fred Flintstone's daughter?
may the force of the cheese be with you always and forever!!!
Its 11pm here thats crazy! Have a great day at work dear! I have to be at work in like 5 hours so I have to get sleep! Lol
This show is so addicting.
Thanks for the
”It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart - Anonymous
Thanks for the kind words. Please remember that our projections should be only one of the components of your research.
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
Don't you trust word-of-mouth recommendations from friends and family more than other messages you receive? We do. 4MeNU.
movies for you
Great pic - Gotta love Tampa Bay!
Stopping through the #TweetSuite at the #AutoClub400 for to talk #Twitter with #NASCAR fans
Today in Invention History: Houston and Thomson granted patent in 1881 for a centrifugal separator--"the creamer."
justin bieber - baby
mario 3d land is the best handheld game so far! sony gotta step their game up!
thanks much for checking out my blog. So appreciate it and look forward to following your tweets
You've got a fast car, is it fast enough so we can fly away?
Yes!! RT : everyone follow and AND SUPPORT THEM!
Damn....#askScandal Cyrus to can take out psychic ms. Cleo
Smh tf were u thinkin when u did that!
las delicias on Park. Get your margaritas there too...jumbo
Didn't even take an hour and a half, you got pumped, them get to cool down on the sideline....
You will leave the Reading settings - “Front page displays” as "Your latest posts” ...
havin some drinks & goin out for a bit. You?
Thanks but ehh it's mostly just a wait and watch weekend for me.
I feel like this seasons #thebachelor has been the #courtneyrobertson show. It is really irritating. She is such a deuchebag!
gorgeous day - would rather be riding a horse than a desk jockey, but how else would I afford them:)!!!!
After watching #MayweatherCotto 24/7 finale, safe to say we are watching semifinals of 154lb tournament tomorrow?
Yea but can u keep up with that? :p
RT : #greennet discussing a fav topic: how web can drive a green economy thru sharing systems.
Two days of great weather in a row, I'll take it. Back to blog building today!
I love your new album and my favorite is the one u did with drake
"Justice Alito Will Not Attend Obama's State Of The Union" Tiny little man with hurt feelings. You make bad law, expect criticisms. Jerk.
Louisiana hot link chips and drink $4.50!!!! Try some Iced Hibiscus Tea
apparently there's a lot going on w new media and the touring biz - mobile promos, data collection
GETTING THE ARTISTS TOGETHER BUT I HAVE NOT FOUND A LOCATION FOR IT YET
On lunch at work relaxing and listening to #TheResolution by my favorite cd EVER! Go to amazon.com or drewseeley.com to get it!
hahaha, OMG Shoes!
Thanks for the mention!
RT Douglas Trumbull on experiment on human brain: bell curve shows people most excited by moving images at 66 FPS.
I thought of you this morning when I had a nutella scone for breakfast. Hope you are doing well!
Welcome to twitter Jonesie. See you at the lap pool mañana for our seriously over due workout! :)
My back itches but i cant reach it
Save me one
haha that video cracked me up! And I have heard so many crippled jokes you have no idea haha!
Ohh I want to learn how to surf!!!
we understand. :)
lol! Impossible - only one person in history has gotten pregnant by not having sex, I think I'll be safe. Lol! Ha ha!
Live swag on da runniest of ronzies "get the drummer"...
After I graduate in approximately 5 months, yes. We will play Muse songs for the rest of our careers.
Working on NYC trip...no dates yet RT : Good will that b soon?
Quick someone follow get her past 666 followers!
looking good, great to be able to see so easily who's viewed your profile
RT "Live out of your imagination, not your history." -Stephen Covey
#markets #voodoo #foodcarts #rosegarden #tram - what to see in 24 hrs in Portland?
Thx! : Just discovered & I have to say it might b the best idea ever. Thinking of taking some courses soon!”
yes, this weekend
ehhh I gotta study for all these subjects waiting for June 4, 2012 . -_-
What has the world come to when a Catcher is hitting .134 and making 4 million dollars? #PirateProblems daaaayyyymmm
I cant wait til ya BD gets out & whoop ya ass! YOU BIG Dumb Foreheaded Bitch that fucks & fall in love with your cousin...
FCW is going to be on WWE network.
The pen and the sword are both necessary.
Great interview with OSO Artist, Crystal Guzman, today. What a story, what a voice! Oh ya, did you vote today? ---> www.refresheverything.co
okay that's cool
Finally hit 50!! Woo Hoo...Thank you for helping me get there. Now I'm shooting for 75!
Gm feeling good
When where you want to be is unavailable, even a crowded bar feels pretty lonely.
bruh u kno i dont be caring i can out dress any nigga that wanna try his luck
Sunoco -- the gas station -- suggested I follow it on Twitter. Sad.
you should write an article about how stupid that article is. IF YOU DON'T, I WILL!
Thanks for writing !
Had call from citizen in Golden area wondering whether Jeffco's power was out because hers was. No problems at the Jeffco campus
yeah its due tmrw :(
Today is a new day. Fill it with new experiences
Spin spin spin spin spin
Headed to D.C for the weekend!!! Looking forward to being on the East Coast for a lil bit....I wish I had time to go to NY tho....
Hey, , you're black. Will you sell me a phone?
Today's band name: Orange vs. Biddle Battle
maybe it's my windchime ;)
U just let me know when this Danny Espinosa just watches Ryan Anderson push him around 4 an offensive rebound.
Why is everyone suddenly obsessed with ombre and chevrons?
Bomb-maker told atty he robbed four local Bank of America branches because "they have the worst security of any bank"
Teaching Tennyson's *Idylls* next semester; good excuse to watch cheesy King Arthur movies.
Uh... that should not imply that you are backing slackers. Quite the opposite!
Im not making fun!!!! I knew you would go nuts for it!!!
TAYLOR POWERS FOR PROM QUEEN!!
no black is you're name ! Noo it was only a Joke :))
TX4 following, And , we greatly appreciate your business! :-)
it's always windy around Batman
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
Can't wait to go home & see my family
Josh! Thanks for the RT :-) Happy Saturday!
Get ready, set, go! Run to your new life!
no problem fool. You like twitter?
-persistent, distributed, mutable object graphs are hideous. I used to be a dev for one. Datomic's "journal": promising
Imma kill Sharnelle for sending that group message, my messages was blowing up
We should all count our blessings- we never know when something might happen & make us long for even the semi-peaceful times!
Yes, it is a 10 part series. They are on part 4. Would love to hear your thoughts!
anytime! I usually have no plans
I am in aton of trouble i might as well just buy a keg at the stadium before every game!
4 great tweets!
As long as she don't need stupid amounts of makeup to makeup the self esteem - scotty!!!
Excellent job on #gh today! I loved it! Daaayyyyuuuum Sonny & Carly :) We still got it!
Amen to all of the above (or below, depending how you see it) haha
RT : #AmyWinehouse joins the Forever 27 club. Not a shock, but a very sad story.
Thanks for the RT Hope you're doing well.
just what viewers need, another qb commentating on the mothership
Thankful for all of the idiots who aren't mothers.....yet
Rule 34. No exceptions.
:( Bo. That sucks.
beautiful but would be better in person thanks for shareing
When life around you changes, try to keep your sameness.
also says he might come!
I love you soo much,you did soo great in hp6 i started crying when harry did sectumsempra even tho i knew what happened! i <333 u
Waiting to go on with Kelle and Erika Viking to talk about #Casaball! Tune into 102.5!
Parenthood could be a little crazy sometimes but for me is worth every second of it.
Nothing beats a midday "I just called to say I love you, Uncle Jake" from my niece, Shianne.
Great job today by standing up for #women on Video will be posted soon.
awesome lets uh think positive
Are you doing this to me because I don't share your love of unicorns?
he is so mean to me! Sometimes..
I JUST WANNA KILL PEOPLE IN THE FUCKING PIT.
Oh let's face it, I have the suds. *sniff*..
Thanks for the follow. If I can assist your firm in any way please let me know. $60 Service of process, Unlimited attempts. Thanks
i'm going to KILL HIM i just get so pissed because i know i have to work in an hour
Who wants my 63ooth tweet.!
aw what's in the box??
Road show update: Having to make more toffee for the road show in Arkansas! It's so popular we've almost sold out!
Wow. That sounds like tasty potassium death. Am jealous! (BTW, we just polished off the amazing cranberry marmalade!)
haha ya it is
you got a GP shirt?
this is the LAST rain of the year :)
if all you play with is the thunder and heat on 2k12... you're not good.
What you talkin' bout willis
mhmm sure me alone is like 100 ppl cuz im a 👸
#mybiggestpetpeeve is when people call themselves "hopeless romantics" and have no idea what that phrase means
there ain't nothing better than seeing your homies win, man. congratulate them, salute them, applaud em', dap em'...all that.
very nice player API, same one #Storyline uses. Everything #Storyline can do, API can do.
I'm looking to hire a programmer to help me implement a language as a part-time gig. Send me a direct message if interested!
Betty White ads still the best
Were gonna hit u wit songs from #TheDark ( ), #Ultra ( ) & #Supply ( ) May 24 @ Yayo Tacos!
Let's hope someone asks if they'd agree to annual audits in the city government... (cough, !, cough)
call me.
When you wake up with the Ramones in your head, you know it's going to be a good day in special collections.
#facebook Geo-location is one of most debated topics due to piracy settings. fb is figuring benefits to your check-ins.
Looks like most people agree: is the new awesome. Chicago is a fan.
Let's go Bucks!
Spring is here....that means summer is coming, and so is Festival Flamenco!
Of course I'm serious. Also had the opportunity to pee next to him. It was magical? Yes, magical
u seem not to care ?? lol ;)
Update: The Amazing Acro-Cats have added a show Tuesday @ 7pm! Get your tickets fast!
I'm feeling sick oh great!...
finally in Utah! and I had In&Out for dinner! score :)
Whats up with the devils just not showing up they picked up a hero and still cant find it in them to pull off the wins.
Saw a Virgin mobile commercial and its such a shitty commercial like seriously your company sucks ass
wish I was going 2b with you in #Philadelphia! L'chaim 2 this year's featured nation,
ah , somewhat! :-p
have you ever been double c4'ed off a moab in which both c4's came from the same person??
At the UniverSoul circus wit my Booski!!
Clinton Cards have gone into administration… Another High Street name potentially gone.
Shout Out To All My Follows. Duane@ Cha..... Thanks.
Haven't heard from all today phone powered oh well. I can live a day lol
is contemplating driving to Freeport, Maine this weekend.
Im bouta curse this bih out sendin me this long ass chain text message.. Nobody send that shxt no more lol
And all of a sudden the game is tied. Lakers-Nuggets #game7. Lawson is on fire!
#Didyouknow Mars appears red because it's covered in rust
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Enlarge your penis free! Look at it through a microscope.
Dear internet, as we ramp up this whole "end of the world" thing, keep in mind its "Maya" not "Mayans." Sincerely, The Maya.
This guy in the airport has the fattest plug I've ever seen in his mouth
Some days everything seems infinitely possible
Happy Autumn my LOVELIES!
so how in the world do we address this?? was talking a lot 2 my cousin last week who has kid going into kinder...
Drums tracked on four songs so far. Three to go, then it's on to the other instruments!
Why is Van Halen stuck in my head? I don't even listen to Van Halen.
Okay, it's officially summer ☀👙🍸🍉🐎
Yes where we record the guy mixes and masters but we may be in need of extra mastering if so we will contact you :)
President O: Higher education is the surest path to the middle class. [Yes, it is.]
hit me up or i will inbox or email u show dates
#Music in the #soul can be heard by the #universe. --Lao Tzu
I followed
I've got til I graduate college...then they kick me out!
If you want it, you gotta work for it!.. No one owes you anything.
#fridayreads Freud: A Very Short Introduction, by A. Storr (pub. ) Rather liked this updated version.
DC farmer's market on wheels just got pulled over by cops in Mt. Pleasant b/c the driver looked 2 be double-parked while picking up a pizza
Happy draft Day! Da Bears
Can anyone find the hidden message on my Twitter page? U may need two monitors.
so proud. GET IT DONE! #QUESTIONMARK???
It's okay, you rule.
My aunt just crashed my party and told me 2 go downstairs with the rest of the littlw kids...y do i have 2 b with the 2-6 year olds when ...
Pretty cool that 's own was at the #Atlantis launch! Hope it was amazing, Gavin!
can you recommend any great football books?
": I got Trust issues and a Short attention span"
When piranhas are in a feeding frenzy the water appears to boil and churn... Continued next tweet
Cmon! Phoenix Suns need to pick up the pace...
You're not fat doee ahah
#FF These people are doing big things!
It's fine by me, if you never leave (;
I'm here for a few days for a client kick-off.
Yes Mr Bouris... we do love you .... hubba hubba
Another protester arrested at #occupysd. Police formed a barricade and pushed back an unruly crowd as he was carried into a police van.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up
Catch me on the June 21st episode of "The People's Court" at 5PM Pacific Time. I was dropping knowledge lol
good song. thanks for sharing.
I love Timothy Busfield .
I love when I'm right!
Dead armadillo count-5
I hope everyones gonna be okay tonight . . You all are in my prayers .
~ Hi Erin, I actually make money with coffee, YOU can too and realistically retire in 12 months! www.millionsdrinkcoffee.com
Shout out to , , , Thanks for following! :D
I really struggle with using #SM to complain, but there is something srly wrong with 's customer service for their grocery delivery
Going to follow some people back. Tweet me for a follow! ~Sara
No time to wallow in the mire...
What do you think of this war story?
I was kinda sneaking it at work, too.
RT : Pictures,Campaign Builder, building my flow chart, no more sloppy hand drawn pictures hanging in the office
dude I totally conozco what you're saying. It's muy not bueno, bromano
i love when positive biz growth happens to a beloved, dear colleague :) love the name change! congrats. lookin' fwd to Oct 1
why don't you discuss all the Palestinians murdered by Hamas BUTCHERS? Israel always wants peace.
Portland is beautiful. Took a morning walk through the Rose Test Garden and the arboretum. The air was so sweet it smelled like Froot Loops.
"The penguin was clearly lying to me ... It's ok" #quote Chris Haserot
Good talk with and glad I've matured and grew we these girls
Visiting Wivenhoe for a week!
My unofficial weather report - It is WAY colder in Seattle tonight than it was last night.
the bitch who told me my relationship wouldn't last, is fucking pregnant
Looking for music engineers in Miami area if u know how to mix in protools holla at me!
More than we should.
So I'm bored
Can someone please help me get one more follower? Im almost to 380.:D Just one more please? (: ♥
Welcome to Hollister, would you like a flashlight?
It's a gorgeous day! Think I'll take Beau pup to the park. And work while there, of course. (Hi boss)
how about i go take a look for him? i know the woods, and he wanted to talk.ill take him a coat
RT Twinkle Twinkle Little Snitch , Mind Your Own Business You Nosey Bitch
Kettlebell Kickboxing might be the death of me. Why the hell isn't there a bigger bottle of aleve?
": A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy. It's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you."
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -T. S. Eliot
Q: What is generally considered to be the first "pony car"? A: Pontiac Firebird, B: Mercury Cougar, C: Ford Mustang, D: Chevrolet Camaro
Popeyes is my second home in Chicago!
You are special, you are loved. Even when neglected by your beloved. Keep at the cardio anyway. It'll help you determine the right pathway.
"Love makes the soul come out of its hiding place." - Zora Neale Hurston
grrrrrr.... U should have
listening to my music now. I got a few things back today. Next month I hope you'll be bumpin me!
I miss you!!
I need this vaction already. I'm ready to get AWAY from EVERYONE.
i love yoouu :)
We Need to Talk About Kevin - not the feel good hit of the summer.
Do good, cause good things follow.
there IS a different price... minus airfare.
RT IF YOU LOVE ICONIC BOYZ OR JUSTIN BIEBER<3 I DO!
If your intellect doesn't match up to the physical qualities that some of you "think" you have then thats just false advertisement.
Relax and enjoy tomorrow! We got this! It's gonna be a great day to be a Cat fan.
currently following 420 ... sweet.
got a really good pick for tomorrow, but this time, i will not reveal it. I did buy some.
u still wanna get them jordans today skett??
thanks baby! Rock on! XO
One offer after another we get it done... And have fun doing it!
aw well I bet u will and u need to come back to school. I rely miss u.
This weekend in #Chicago is 1 of my favorite events Good Food Chicago Fest. Buy your tickets now
Didn't plan on waking up from surgery & being rushed to ER, but home now & I am doing ok.. Thanks to all my friends and family <3
is one of the greatest guests u have had. Very articulate and amazingly beautiful.
that's gotta be one impressive dog...lol.
Communication works both ways . So Hmu when wan to talk .
so happy you stopped by
“Not every performance is going to be the best but the fact that you have the guts to do it makes it worth the practice "
Loved seeing your digital tap list on the cover of after visiting you guys back in August. Very cool.
is killing this CNN debate. GET IT!
Eggs Benedict with extra hollandaise sauce...now I'm drooling.
What are you watching on TV tonight?
He SLAPS RT In the gym on it RT <=== windows down on Stanley wit in my ears.......
Congrats from BlueRock!
#pw2012 Matt Unrath of WOW says the average income needed by elders to be financially stable is at least 16,000 a year
Way to go Brett Favre!!
Eye Glasses Losing Shape? Use both hands to remove and put on your glasses to keep your frames properly aligned.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. Keep smiling.
I can't make it. Sorry :(
Allegheny&#39;s 1Q Profit Falls
Thank you so much! My bday gift/thanks to you: I think of you when i throw out ugly shoes.
Wisconsin Bakers & Budweiser Pavilion introduce "Cream Puff 3Packs" - Fair Park - Wed Night Live, July 21 to benefit Youth Foundation.
Bitch I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
I flip Writing Instruction mostly. Still developing my reading flip.
Bro tell me y dis nigga Paul George Indiana pacer shook my hand lol we drunk
Sun Kil Harvest Moon, Pokemonsters of Folk
From this moment life has begun.From this moment u r the 1.Right beside u is where i belong.From this moment on... (∫˘▽˘)∫
Id' say your rejection of him as realistic stems from the fact that a romantic nature hasn't served you, or me, well in life.
Check your invites! Sent all my fb peep invites to the new page ;) stay safe & be blessed my friends!
reports on the Union Council's plan to delay making the #GlassBox rentable until 1 year after it opens.
you mean someone took him off the DL? Start the party!
how dare u.. U cheat! Reporting u
Watching Re-runs Of !! #ABDC6Boyz <3
Don't you #hate it when a person you don't even know is mean too you...I do, im glad im a #nice #sweet person
Please take away the 1969 Z-28 Camaro from the guy in the Viagra commercial, & give him a mini-van. ED shouldn't roll like that.
Holy shit! That song is from 2005. I knew it was an old favorite, but I'm surprised that it's been hanging around for 7 years now.
might as well go see lincecum
What happened with the window
See the good suggestions for the #Studystrong Pinterest board earlier?
If you run and your arms don't move, odds are in favor of that you run like a penguin.
