well done today. Didn't know you lost Luca months ago. Stay strong mate. He's in a better place! All the best!!
just a bunch of noise RT : The Thunder are rubbish.
We on live in fifteen minutes!!!
RT : Must-read from today! B2B matchmaker helps apparel companies find production resources" featuring...
ughh i hate them i have alot
hahaha thanks :D
or that at one point in time i had three thousand followers on tumblr dot com?
Continuing to re-shuffle the non-fiction area-it's a huge job
Wondering what the GCC Team is doing today? Got up at 5:30AM...6AM started cooking from scratch at Bureau Valley High School!
have to dance to this song! So catchy!
space between section 5 :)
Chris Brown has reportedly been using the pick-up line, “I promise I won’t beat you.” WHAT A GUY!!
All the games are on www.watchnhllive.com go register and enjoy all your hockey favorites!!!
at the #snacksecret show!!!
you need to make one on that eyrda server
naw he's one of the best rappers of all time nd also you he's from NY I can't let u disrespect him like that lol
aww your sick?
I'm glad its almost Cinco de Mayo because my Mexican friends will finally drink.
1 more follower to 200. Anyone?!!
Can the NURSE diagnosis a concussion from the couch?!? Every blow to the head is different, no matter how it looks.
I love that place.
thanks glad you can use them! Hope the students enjoy them.
~ Did u Bring ur Golf Clubs? Marty B and I hv tee-x's Wed & Fri.
you talking about the ps trey ? or .... ?
thanks. Will do 10 more runs by the end of the year.
nope! she don't tell me what to do!
I'll take the trip and the mochimisu!!
They also have not ruled that out.
Opening up at 11am today...See you all soon! Perhaps there is a sangria in your future.
Fear. Recent books & research on conservative brain theorizes they resort to familiar, altho absurd, postures out of fear.
If I los emy tomatoes I'm seriously going to cry
Looking forward to an exciting day in the Ohio Senate tomorrow. Big news.
We need another goal I'm getting nervous.
This is the fifth time I've watched Easy A these past few days. HOLLAAA.
Thanks girl :)
that answer came straight out of the volunteer packet :)
Sorry to anyone who tried to access the website www.Spokenwordinc.com this morning - it was down for a couple of hours. All is back up now!
yup(: and I'm planning a summer weekend vaca at myrtle with a lot of people u trying to go?
Knitting and watching Blue Valentine. Um, not one to watch with the parents people.
I love Adele:).
A good relationship is a bit like a pet boa constrictor: either you feed it every day or bad things happen.
is emily still at your house ?
would you ever be friends with someone younge than you? if so, how many years maximum?
Man some people just don't know how to wear makeup.
Shout out to recent and loyal followers!
Or even what Steam did for video games.
Yes! I'm on my way to Boise (where I grew up) for the weekend and I have a layover in Salt Lake.
Thanks Robin! BUT..I am still shocked. LOL!
Talking 2 ma bestiie on the phon, she's the BEST !!!
Ashleigh Naneng's platform under her title as Miss Camai is Sobriety nd Suicide Awareness and Prevention. Any related events she can attend?
AMERICAN AD BAG "Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." - Zig Ziglar
At casino waiting for mom to try her luck!
is this in the art barn?
goodbye January!
Still thinking thru goals, audiences, content, but short answer = yes. Would <3 to hear thoughts on what you'd like to see on G+.
Catching up on #Justified episodes tonight. That syrupy Kentucky way of talkin'! I'll be taking those drawls into my dreams.
so happy together <3
Getting ready to watch us become elite !
i always say how I don't need you but it's always gonna come right back to this. please, don't leave me.
How are you hon? :D
oh, I'll be there 😊
whats up with all of the philosophers on here tryna kick knowledge every tweet....what yall god body? lol
:0 haha Id probably have a panic attack.
Mantra of moderation so difficult where I may or may not have inhaled a turkey burger this PM.
We have decided to break a bit longer in order to eat lunch. Be back in 20-30 minutes.
96 degrees here in northern Virginia. Wow.
my new favorite twitter stream
How in the world did I get addicted to playing Modern Warfare? SMH
49ers can never win a championship because of Alex Smith.
Why is there so much cheering going on? All for Joe?
lmfao honestly so worked up right now
Listening to Ellen Goodman speak at the YWCA We Inspire luncheon.
90s pop genre on pandora is probably the best thing pandoras ever done
“: M. Foster "whole genome sequencing is living with uncertainty". Need to understand difference between risk and uncertainty”
ok I'll let u know
: ah..life intervenes! I can't start new project b/c I'm busy talking about the old project! I guess it's a good problem to have
The river. Think I'll find any?
you want to know everything, that's annoying.
JETS are Smash on the Patriots next week...Yeah!!!!!
Look amazing x
and Father John Misty.
Sometimes I feel I just need to go far, far away.
tired of gettin my hopes up for shit.
I'm no better than anyone else, but I can be better than myself. (Britney Spears)
Lowkey, he lookin too fine in that picture!!.
*singing* "wait...Best Coast sings that right?" "yeah!" "you should keep it that way." RUDE SMH.
Haha, I was kidding ;)
Thrilled to have been a part of #rp2011 today! Come have a chat with at the Olin 220 circle at the reception
Always welcome :p
man I always pass out on the ride home, but nonetheless, one hell of a birthday appreciate every single one of the birthday wishes
she turned her cants into cans and her dreams into plans.
Wow. What a birthday -.-
I have no job, I have no money, I have no car, but I'M IN A BAND :D
She will learn one day. Don't worry, I have an elaborate plan with and !
is calling my name. pure heavenly music.
“: Me and the homie Cp Hollywood made somethin crazy lastnight.. #PartyAnimal” >>> that's gone be a banger bro..
Guys, I made Mayra cry today. :(
If your tweet does not relate to #LetsGoPens or #PensIn7, it is highly likely that it is getting ignored.
In Lake Placid, off to walk around town!!
mary jane is the cause that got me on sumthin the best feelin smoke a blunt after u done fuckin
Spoiler alert for the movie: the dude with the beard did it. What movie? Every movie.
Have a killa weekend!
Happy Birthday Skrillex!
I often wonder the same thing. I wonder if my neighbors think Im a recluse. NOpe . . . just the coolest nerd ever.
Stop watching tv & get back to work!
Hey my fellow San Antonio stoners! I have a few more hash treats available! Marble fudge cake and peanut butter cookies! I'm free after 7!
what time?
you need to upgrade to black ops
Watching Conan #teamcoco .
What's DVRing? Oh yeah, Grimm. Forgot it was on tonite. In my defense, my mind was on other things. Like the AUD I went to tonite.
Yeah..How much longer...I dunno
#nowplaying "Ashanti- Rock With You"
chewy lifesavers.. Warheads.. Yellow starbursts.. Yum!
I agree Katrina. I can be hard to set up class for thinking in today's testing world.
You bought them all, right?
Anybody know a good fruit juice smoothie place in tosa/brookfield?
Thanks for the
... you don't pull the mask off the ol' Lone Ranger and you don't mess around with Jim.
Dwight Howard to Chicago would be an excellent Christmas present. Pretty please?
I hope "we" ate them all without sharing. ; ) So. Delicious.
Shout out to for reading in pride haha #shesboss👍
bye twitter you made me feel understood and now i don't know if i can talk to you anymore.
I am really digging this halftime show #SB46 The stage and effect are amazing. One of the best I can remember. And freaking Cee Lo, love it!
It is happening today!! You got to see everyone here!! What up?
My parents moved their desktop to a room specifically for it, but its still looked at as "the family computer" though
you catch some fish today?
RT : If you're partying with a #Sagittarius it's guaranteed to go down.
We are at the #VUExpo12! Stop by Booth 124 to speak with a Higher Ed representative about our innovative technology and engaging content!
What do men really want????
Someone said Ariana can't be on Ellen cause Ellen is allergic to oranges. You seriously think you're funny? Imma put an orange in your ass.
oin us by following our tweets in starting a Revolution. Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
MPOW's youngest faculty librarian (me) is not considered "next gen" anymore. (No hard feelings.) We need to hire 1-2 younger people!
I don't remember being at school today, I barly remember being at my friends after school. lmao
my prayers and thoughts are with you Cicily. Sending good vibes for a safe recovery!!
r u in town
Pucks are flying into the #Flyers net in warm-ups, then again there is currently no goalie in there, well, I don't think it'd really matter.
the site is not super usable, but UNESCO has a ton of stuff online OA for Anthropologists
work it dash
Who want to Match?
we are in the process of putting together the Summer 2012 line and yes there will be pink!
All of your athletes' tweets must be approved by or .
Now on the crazy table of deals: Spider-Man- Family Ties for only $3.99
Perf! Thank you!
don't be upset. Everything happens for a reason. What is meant to be will be and if it wasn't meant to It could b good too.
#LitQuote: There are dark #shadows on the earth, but its #lights are stronger in the contrast. ~ #ThePickwickPapers by
MAKE ME!!
your nuts lol
Me: Happy Mother's Day, here's your present. Her: Where is it? Me: Standing right in front of you. Me: I am your present.
Amazing shoe! Looks so similar and familiar!
trade him while he is hot
Oh, and our new Press 53 Limited edition hardcovers (limited to 53 copies). We have a video on the website.
another cold day in chicago but thats ok because this is what this city is about. i like the chill as it makes one move faster!
Good Morning, come get some breakfast!
I do not wear outfits, I create looks
IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT
Still unreal smh...had a coo night! Long ride and a great talk wit my fat boi...he kept a dutch burnin
Didn't get to watch the game but good to hear Melo scored 41 and that the Knicks got the W.
you are on a Hero's Journey! TY for your inspiration!!
I'm gonna kick your ass!
Ready for the nights chaos to begin
I want to read up on Jung's interpretation of it. He was deep into the esoteric
Hi :). What's the question?
Attending #iPME? Stop by the booth and find out how #PingFederate from integrates PKI smart cards for cloud apps.
#ToddFlanders "Jesus cries blood every time you lie"
thanks for the RT on Saturday!
Beer: Giving you the courage to talk to women but taking away the ability to make sense
I've been trying to be more outgoing to people I'm not too close with.
And the insanity is over. Onalaska beats KM5-4 in the longest game ever!
Okay, like seriously. What did I do so bad that you blocked me?
Thank you for the tweet! Also, if your students are interested in ratings/salaries, we have a ton. Happy Friday.
thanks for sharing! hope we all become successful entrepreneurs!
well hurry up! Gates-Chili is in desperate need of a quality establishment such as yours!
Yeah. I Come Through
my speech is a thing of beauty. I think I might cry when I'm up there though...
We only use OEM original parts so you can rest assured your phone is fixed right the first time.
So sleepy! But so happy to have seen so many amazing folks at this year's #IndyVolved! Night to all!
Chipper Jones is retiring after this season. He was always my 1st choice on backyard baseball.. now I feel old
Absolutely, but my time is limited, so I usually can't get on Twitter until the weekends:)
Good Morning and Happy Saturday!!! "God gave you a body that can stand almost evreything, its your mind you have to convince."
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "oops, Excuse Me! that slipped"
and fit them together, to follow alternate spellings of surnames, follow hunches, and a piece of paper really doesn't give ..
which PUTS song do you need the name of?
9pm I think RT What time do the ESPYs air?
Bored at work.
Why did you wait to post this @ 11am?
yea I just emailed you back. Thank you Perfection. You didn't have to do that :-) but I loved it ;-)
Nobody ever said love was easy.
Save the date: Our next chat will be June 6 at 4:00 EDT.
Early run to Poto, 12 hour seen then back to Madison tonight
Powerpoint sucks because it distracts from what people are saying (while it's supposed to enhance). Prezi just makes that worse.
"What do we want the world to be? How can we make that happen?"
Heading in to pick up a large order of rally apparel for the upcoming OTR this weekend. We are excited to be a part of it!
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone <3
Game time
I can't say brother I say brudda. Eww
I need somebody to buy me a 3-day CTA pass cuz I REFUSE to drive this weekend during #NATO So who buying it for me???
happy birthday to the one and only DJ B-Stanky Leg!
RT : ok question for yall wut would u rather have money or happiness => happiness for sure, but add the money for less stress!
is rockin' a Z-pack. Please please please free me from this sinus headache!
Yep, we're pulling names from a hat. Need to keep it fair, old school and random.
What's going on, re not being able to run or workout? Sorry I am out of the loop.
Final grades for the semester are coming in! So far so good.
Thank you! No bunts. No bunts. No bunts.
There went my bracket!
its cool! hows mexico?
i fly out to atl at 7 in the morning on my birthday
how exciting!! :D
There's nothing consistently funnier than people falling.
Isn't there something slightly sinister about three-tined forks?
#3WordsForYou I W o n t S t o p
it's my brother's, not mine.
I think physics caused it. RT : I like Kurt but didn't he cause this???
A govt that picks & chooses who to tax and not tax is a govt that has too much power.
I need to start 2 of these 3 today- Ahmad Bradshaw, Mark Ingram or Kevin Smith -Thanks for your help.
Divisions: Miss, Teen, Miss Jr Teen. Winners represent VA at the national Miss United States 2012 Pageant this July in Washington, DC
Wonderful trip. Will miss you girls. , , &
im now following, sorry i havnt been on twitter, but im back (;
so i lost the vocab that is due tomorrow for AP world
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! Let us know if you are ever in L.A. : ) : )
A two-out RBI double by Clemons drives in Alex Mercer and St. X is on the board trailing Eastern 2-1 in T3. Clemons now 2-for-2 vs. Strader.
Good Morning
I'll see what I can do - definitely looking forward to this change!
Wasn't a big Reebok fan but their #reebokcrossfit campaign has made me one! Powerful, inspiring. Wanna watch it on repeat when I work out!
Thanx for splitting a Miles of Chocolate with me...numnumnum. Thanx for supporting #TECHmunch and mking chocolate!
Hey boys heres the deal I live in INDY& Dean is a Good friend do I get 2free Tickets or do I pay double price
Best spring break 
Naw, not rude.. just critically real! Lol.
lol at haters
went there last year b4 we played the Saints week 3. Will be hitting that up when we're back in preseason.
I want a small dog I can fit in my purse. I always have, I think they're so cute!!
Im kinda in the mood of eating strawberries covered in chocalate!...:D
The whole world is three drinks behind. If everyone in the world would take three drinks, we would have no trouble. ~ Humphrey Bogart
Awesome! Big Bang Theory will ALWAYS be better than being at work.
hi to all :D
Zero tolerance for bullshit
direct message sent :)
Big hoop earrings, that means she's on the prowl.
whether he admits it or not...they still stink worse than being downwind from AB.
Follow question: in general, what do you think of NDAs? Do you sign them? If so, when & why?
": If you really believe something, you will change your behavior to match it ( more people should believe this! )
Research after you write #USC #Writers conference Madison
yea right #gymtime ain't on
Got that young instagram? Follow me!-- MissTheKid
How did E pull Sloan? Sloan is beautiful
Ho many ratchets will i see in here today
marathon Monday,tipsy Tuesday,wasted Wednesday,thirsty Thursday,faded Friday,stripclub Saturday,Sunday funday
So true. Less than two weeks!
you truley deserve someone who will admire who you are! <3
We found that for Black LGBTs outness is a predictor of self-reported happiness. The more out one is the more likely they are to be happy.
I wish i could sleep and never wake up fucking work shit is blowing mine I need a vacation ASAP
Stop by The OC Mart MIX tonight for a charitable cause and good time! bit.ly/vW7VC4
90's prom party playlist! #suggestions ?
Im shy to tell someone about my sexuality </3
Fuck can't Tuesday & Wednesday come any faster!
gee which one of us has audio recording experience? i'll bring beer.
Word. RT Anyone of the venues will be great to party at! RT Who's ready for #CincodeMayo? WE ARE!
Heading to Alexandria, Va.! How is everyone?! :)
Thanks for the follow
You are smart. I am thinking of doing the same. Last night was 1:30am.
Bad pick up line: "I shit gold" That's very inconvenient, I don't have the plumbing facilities to support you're medical condition.
So true! I teach storytelling in my classes because stories resonate.
The GOP's failure to support the Obama Economic plan will come back to haunt them. When it works, they will be left out in the cold!
Wishing I wasn't too chicken to get on a motorcycle so I could go on the Dennis Hopper memorial ride with tonight. Have fun!
Wickedness will always reign
loud. noises.
back in 1953 we used to tweet during beatings
hahaha get that trout rod
hahah no! that's why I put random thought :)
if i hear moves like jagger one mo' again..
Well said Charles, the refs stole that from those ND kids
Walked into with $40. Walked out with $800. Yeah rent money!!
i) I wish I earned $0.003 every time contrapuntal is googled #longterminvesting, ii) when will Romney try on defiant for (kimono) size?
No School Todaay :D
what did I do?
All in da burbs in a town u neva seen before.
Happy Birthday, !
Look at the job description. That helps me when the requirements are vague.
Girls need to stop tryn to look like skrillex
woohoo! Have a fun and safe trip this weekend, you going to the rangers game??
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul!!
Thanks!RT : i meant to tell yall, awesome job covering the jet crash the other day. WAVYTV was on shout out...
"there's 7 types of poop"
Thanks for the heads-up about , I didn't know them. Will definitely check them out!
Goal LA
THEY CALLED THE SCREEN!!??
#SmokeBloopers when you laughed so hard all the weed went everywhere in the car. Hahahah
Eminem on drugs and alcohol >
HAHA is just jealous of your #gunshow. We know you jacked baby!
Had amazing dance concert cnt wait til nxt year
just lookin for some kewl clothes to watcg YMAS on saturday ;D
Sat I will be playing a couple tunes with the great saxophonist Patrick Cornelius at the Blue Note in NYC. Set starts at Midnight! :)
morning, jason. how are you?
That's right - a Tparty Republican NEVER compromises his principles unless/until Pres Obama supports something he (used to) like.
Little Bear's mom! RT : Mrs Weasley MT Who are your fav moms in lit? I like Mrs. Murray of A Wrinkle in Time.
where would you have it att?
Oh we know and love them. We know they will go first round in the draft and we love when they win.
Looking forward to having cine out to #sandiego and rep Christ. well be in the building!
My parents don't trust me with money anymore and aren't gonna give me money until I'm responsible with it again. LOL
#FloRida Rockin the stage
Well this sucks.
If I can smell u outside on a windy night...u missed more than 'a' shower!
Why do people have to eat local honey to combat allergies to pollen?! Isn't honey the end result of ........ Pollen?!
can you please put on 11:11 on from Austin mahone ??(: thanks
Sharon Needles! #DragRace"
Someone too awesome.
imma punch you 👊
does it have a hitch for the Turnbow dome?
Wys.! We Movies Nd Mall Soon.!
So full it's ridiculous.
Waiting for a pizza at papa murpheys
A 4 Amazing, B 4 Beautiful “: Help us with our A-Z of Adam Lambert. A is for American Idol, B is for BTIKM..."
I can't wait to go home & take countless shots
When are gonna be on the radio again? :)
right! It was great.
What if every kiss, every smile , every memory .....disapeared.
Come say HI to out 's grand opening at the River City Marketplace! We'll be there until 1p!
email received and responded.
I gripped the new Kronum ball firmly with my right hand, and at that moment, everything in the universe was perfect
RT : Step 2: Fight social media fire w/ social media water says by responding where ever you can
that is dangerous! lol...feel better!
tomorrow bro
Thank you. The rest of the country needs to support him and the general message....
117 in Phoenix today glad I have A/C
Left is Right | Right-Wing Media Joins Left in Gitmo Outrage - Huffington Post
oh, I didn't take her username, she changed it. Sorry):
Whoever let you out of the mental institution you were in should probably take you back you fucking psycho.
I could go for some #CPK right now.
#FF One of this most amazing (an fierce) people I know
Girl, don't get me started... #GameOfThrones #HBO RT : I miss Ned Stark.
Jay-Z's new album is to sick!!!!
I want a painting of a gun for my living room. An obscenely large one ... any tips to find?
What do you think about the Catholic mass?
but my baby isn't a baby anymore. He's too big for onesies :( make children shirts too!
woman's intuition is always right!!!!
no one asked for your opinion.
$10,000 - Wanna a photo with Mitt Romney, thats what it will cost you at a fundraiser in Arlington this week, NO THANKS
Remember that u probably will stall/gain because of ur cheat on #HCG. Cheating can result in up to 3 days of no weightloss
At my momma house smashn on these jelly beans
Favorite line from InPlainSight, Season 1, Episode 5: "But, I don't want to represent Entropy!"
Australian quicks excite Arthur
Kicking It Old School tonight in the Velvet Lounge! Starts at 9pm Karaoke Contest in the Gypsy Bar! Prizes from Widmer!
I am so tired right now!! :/
Sitting on the toilet xDD!
Not to brag... but everyone loves my coffee...
Come on #dullahan!!! Win me some money...
thanks , im hoping its funn and not akward lol
Watch out this weekend. State patrol troopers are looking for drunk drivers. Keep us all safe and organize a sober ride.
positive thinking yes! OK...let's do it! LOL
Let's go
you must have been living right. Welcome back.
I hate when niggas say sorry for what they did and then go do the same shit over again
OOH LLAMA LLAMA
Coco bar tonight !!
How I would love to go to the Kentucky Derby! Life provides few opportunities for a fabulous hat. Might need to have a Derby party next year
Don't they have some fact checkers vetting their stuff. C'mon.
I want a iPhone soo bad.....
Bets on who the other two to die will be? They always go in threes.
haha glad to hear! :)
I cross my heart and hope for the end
did everyone notice all the pretty green freshly laid sod in Acacia Park?
u called you !
do you have any locations in Houston?
RT : #Rockies locked
Ugh! I was asleep://
how is it that i only just now started following my favortie late night, barbarian handsome, mega star ? im so sorry coco!
I'm done arguing with these knuckle heads that have no FACTS to back up they're stance. I won't entertain it anymore.
Thanks! I'm obscurely comforted that it's Daily Razor's fault, not mine, and therefore their problem to fix.
It should be illegal to be this annoying at 7 in the morning.
spent the best 22 months by the most amazing man's side<3 #happy22 hehe  I love you soo much. #muahaha !
Anyone getting a pix of the firefighters for Twitter?
told me to eat her titty. O.o I'd be more than happy to, ma'am. ;)
Home watching a movie alone :-(
thank you so much, Tanya! It makes almost crashing the site today worthwhile. Have a good evening.
#Sarcasm. Of course I didn't really mean that was ironic.
beating the heat...by hiding in the basement
Big shout out to for setting up great interview between Juan Williams and Pat Buchanan to be aired on Fox News.
_ don't like latex?
Friendster is back, hits online gaming scene
What's your favorite Mycle_Wastman song? Check him out live tonight, 10pm-1am
You're so vain you probably think that sex was about you.
Oh wow that's awesome actually. I am going to someone muddle through Champions League Finals- Clippers- Lakers tomorrow!
For once can there by a boy tht i meet tht's not an asshole! :/
I'm the shit, I'm the shit, I'm that mafuckin nigga and til last dying breathe Ima make yall remember, I don't do what I do for fun
#spriteslam Kevin hart dumb aha
Its not braden
I love it when competing projects merge. It means less work for users and faster progress on new development (re: cake + leiningen).
"wait we can't go I lost my nickel!"
RT : Pinterest is a great place for brands to make boards/pins about the LIFESTYLE of your end user, not the brand
The heart of Monster Banksters are their gobs of attorneys. Incarcerate them - free innocents, overly accused and the medical/mental ill.
#writingsurvey How early do you wake up to start your creative process? Please RT!
Please, RT my tweets and tell your friends, follow me, i put really good tweets, and if they need an advice, i'll give it (: RT
Couldn't get in. Not sure if it's badge only or private party. Looks like a badge will get you in. Good luck!
Just saw an extra $20 in my bank account. Thanks Chase!
Me and are at Lincoln Hall for The Weeknd. It's Thursday. Thursday!!!
check ya email!!
RT : just wanted to say again that the show in Cutler park was refreshing to say the least.--thanks 1000x's!
look i woke up early today
A is following me ♥ Thank u for following me it means so much i lovve ur songs ♥
Enthusiasm at work is fine but holy fuck, can you tone it down a notch???
"Wake up wake up wake up it's the 1st of the month. To get up get up get up so cash your checks and get up" Start my May off right w/ Bone!
I think we can official start blaming the current administration for the silly things it says and does and leave behind the Bush. Dig that?
Good morning, everyone! :)
my teacher told me that i hav to stop doing my book reports on books by :)The Last Song, The Notebook, Dear John. My faves!
Happy New Year from IGenii!!!
Why would they demote someone who has looked good in the 'pen?!?! And I thought Iglesias wasn't hitting in A?
Maybe somebody can explain to me what this means. I have Kred Influence 684 and an Outreach level of 7 in the Global Community, 1/2
The love I'm getting behind my music>>>>thank you all supporting me unlike most I'm grateful for every retweet even if you didn't listen.
Letter To My Son Is On MTV Jams #CutTheFuckUpThenTRIP!
The AVC MKE follows Ed Hardy, but does not follow Ouch! If followed, I pledge to not make a Milverine shirt.
#muse2011 Come to our Hour of Power Book Publicity Strategies in the Cambridge Room at 3:45 today!
the trunk/ version of Google Refine is better at handling xml files.
The battle Starts and ends with you. Conquer and win the battle within
would have to go with Metroid or Zelda.
Good weekend 😊
Script time!
#inthesummer just have a bunch of fun.
Happy first day of Spring! We've received several inches of rain over the past 24 hours bringing our grass, lakes, and rivers back to life!
is coming up fast. Make sure to get some tickets now, this night is going to be incredible!
figured. gonna walk back over after work and play a rubber-necker
Used my reward on a new pair of Hudson's! Yay!
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math
RT : Great spaces inspire. They perform for the people + organizations that depend on them. Via +
just chilling before my shift... Caught your Mixtape DO NOT PASS GO! DO NOT COLLECT $200!
really good
Good luck lovely! XOXOXOXOX
The Library is at the Welcome Week event again today 3:30-5:30PM, LTB 1104-05. Come talk to us, we have candy :)
Catch tonight at Tavern 99. Music starts at 830. Show your face, ATL.
Ray Allen returns to Celtics – ESPN | News
First off, this has nothing to do with Dems or Repubs or anything inbetween. This is about respect for women.
Only thing that will get me more than you & tequila is #remindme..can't wait to see our #CMAawards hosts kill it!
"This aint champagne this is champipple"-Tommy #Martin lololol "after a couple of drinks they won't notice"-Martin so bootleg lmaooo
m haha that should be fun.
strong rumor i get to see you Wed night in Cleveland for Ryan Adams..any truth to that?
: getting addicted to your house crasher, garden crasher, bathroom crasher shows. Love them! open to be your candidate for any of them!
Great turnout for the InterGrowth 5k!
Enjoying the rest of my last day off with the paper, thinking about the potato business Bob told me
Oh, that looks like fun.
Note: young female #Orioles fans love My interactions usually come with people who are a bit sweatier.
Sleeping time .
Who's ready for 2012?? Me and WILL be taking over....we move quietly
ctfu right!!! Send her ass a gift & some money lol.
South Hills Strategy Meeting Sunday, March 18 6:00 PM Mt Lebanon Rec Center (Pittsburgh, PA
Nobody really understands that McGee is #shitty lol
no fair!
haha yeah so you livin in Dallas?
yup. And then soon as heather tried calling me on Skype my shit decided to work. I was like "heather I love you" lmao
Jennifer Velasquez workshop tomorrow - give teens leadership opportunities, gain collections and programs they will support....
The Mexico Blue Film Fest back! It will tour Baja, Ixtapa & DF It will also go to Oaxaca Barra de Potosi, Vallarta & Sayulita- don't miss it
quite lovely
Man United v. Spurs is on espn2 this morning in HD!! Can't wait!
My sister just disappointed me  bleeeeeh.
made a hole in one so maaaaaube. I'm a lost cause.
i will crush you
Fina go to centennial n a lil bit eatin out at the park
Busy week ahead! I need to do 10 window cleaning estimates, maybe I can do one for you.
If hubby doesn't get this Christmas crap put away soon, we will be converting to Atheism!
I'm not, however, pleased w the nickname "Bad Chad."
thats a Bet im ready when u R
Oh, do I ever! I grew up with the 71 drive-in. They had pony rides and a kiddie train that circled the drive-in!
They said single people are happier.
NO4 IS SO GLAD TO BE SIGN TO THIS LABEL.RT
Q6 More ideas: student shelf-reads an age appropriate section while learning to alphabetize, students market books...
That sounds fun..I will try to make it...Thanks! ;)
Im very affectionate verbally ad physically o yes especially physically : )
I don't think I have, hit me.
Heading to church with all the ladies in my family to celebrate mothers day :)
Is it time for your oil change? We also do courtesy top offs, including wiper fluid, vacuum, and tire checks! Stop on by today!
HAHA :( how do we go about getting one of those.... ?
A shout out to my new followers! Gr8 to connect w/U!
Cats are only cute when they're young.
Fuck you, nobody cares.
30+ years! Ca Ray Zee!! Congrats and cheers to adding the "hair" category! : )
those misguided souls really need to get a Life.
Well developed apps should have no problems taking more vertical space. One new screen resolution isn't the end of the world.
Think FB social readers are declining not b/c ppl aren't reading WaPo but b/c social readers are obnoxious.
don't you use that hashtag with me!
We are thrilled to be a part of the team!
All the judging slots are filled already :( But we do have a contest each year for a guest judge... next year could be you!
'Powerful' I'm not convinced of, 'consistent' would be nice.
fine be mad at me for something I told you Weeks ago
Studying for history...this chapter is so long! 😞😒🔫
“: Thanks for having me on the show! Glad you liked the squirrel meatballs!!” RT
All I ever wanted was for you to know that I care.
Lemme get the follow back !!
I listen to music sometimes :)
let me know if you want a HOT New York mix or your record to make it even MORE dope.
Detroit represent on #fashionstar!
Hang in there baby!!!!
Summer Vacation is almost here! What song gets you ready for all the sunny days! -CS
I know how to use it now, haha. Walaik I had to browse through it for a bit I never use it but I think its cool I like it.
Tweet of the day-> RT : Bobby Petrino gives new meaning to "tooling around on a hog."
I wonder what Judge Judy thinks when she hears, "Judge not lest ye be judged."
Did you know that goose bumps are actually little pimples that help retain a layer of warm air over our body?! Have a great weekend!
Is your phone working yet!?
android if you want the ability to customize everything and ability to torrent apps. iPhone is user-friendly and better design
why does my NV dept of tax payment go to an address in AZ?
Ramona x-x
Hey, thanks for the RT
I highly recommend Norway! Especially in the summer! I did the Norway in a Nutshell tour!
Great Job and for rockin' the first #GLradio show. Talking sensuality is so important and so needed. You rock!
Love you beautiful, ARGENTINA loves you baby <3
What have you seen at #mff2011? What will you see? What are your faves/disappointments? Headed to Marcus North Shore, c u there.
Looking for some easy appitizer recipes any ideas or great websites?? Thank you
Q: What do you call two spiders who just got married?A: Newlywebs.
You mean Sunday?
no problem, when will you be in Chicago? “: thx man!”
Love my new blender!
same...I hate her
Watching the Super Bowl at Sagos!!!!!
that's my twin sister. We were born identical, but, y'know....life.
Forgiveness is a great tool for Self Healing. Start by forgiving yourself, then let that forgiveness expand to those in need of it.
"I do this because I'm thinking about doing that, but only when I have mastered my thoughts of that will it become... This"
thank u!
I already followed you back ^_^ take care!
Hooking up with some beta testers today - then a little bug fixing.
Bored as hell , Not the best way to end my day -__-
not to mention they loved their food except the burger that was so juicy it squirted on the mans shirt..
I feel like I text the same people and have the same conversations everyday.
congrats moe that's amazing! Great catching UP today, wish you all the success in the world
Thanks, boys! You're the best!
How can someone lie so much and not get tired of the bullshit..
Whenever I go into a confession booth I ask to see the manager. My main complete is the lack of a .99 menu and a drive thru.
holding down your Wednesday afternoon! Requests?
luuuul my sister just said "Zayn Malik is not a god" can you please come to my house and beat her up?
Thank you so much for the kind words. issue No. 2 is coming March 2012! Stay tuned, it is going to be great!
I'm just gonna put my phone down now
Was that Annie's boobs?
follow for follow? ♥
order them from the Internet.. I won't tell
Well, I guess you can't have a room of your own AND a room with a view. I hope it's a nice service station at least! :)
Ha! Worry not world. The pets of Big D drink Evian & watch AnimalChannel on plasma tvs in doggie spas and boutiques. All's well.
There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.” ? Peaceful Warrior
Why don't we have a 3-dollar bill?
Cyclists want to share the roads with cars? Start by abiding by the same laws.
no-no you're not stupid :) it was just a wrong little thingy ;)
our college team had Will Clarke and Pallmero That was sweet every game
Is it normal to dismiss jurors like that?
Great things to come! RT : congrats to nicole zinno and todd ciampa on their new positions!
my man! Can I get a follow back?
# 2 Megan Good
Yep. But want to see more CBs with speed & can cover. Tired of seeing WRs 5-10 yrds behind the coverage.
bet she believes it tho lol
U were only RNC Chair because of Obama. RWrs wanted 2 prove they aren't racist...they failed. U got 2 big fer yer britches.
thanks for follow sexy!
pretty much, yes.
hey ! that's awesome! did you happen to get any pictures?
That's really too bad, about L.T.
Also pondering today: When people say, "The Valley," which valley do they mean? Silicon? Vegas? Ohio? Delaware? Shenandoah? Willamette?
The harold song >>>kesha OH CHESS
I feel like I live in weho... lol
Sitting behind the sexiest guy in roanoke....
Thanks. When are you coming to SF?
And Boston wins? Wtf?
Hi Julie, I create fun, unique events with authors that are experiential in nature and aren't the typical bookstore lecture.
Tracy! So sorry to have not stopped by your table. Thanks so much for coming in! How was everything?
The things Raegan says about oomf has me dying omg
#observations of the day
olivia what movie will you be in next
Lost all my contacts. Music. Fack.
Tribe game and
I just wanna go tanning
Our grain-free noms are popular. Or the honey rosemary chicken. They smell awesome too!
oh i knew wat it meant i was jp ooohh
Marc Savard Donating TD Garden Suite to Children's Hospital Head Trauma Patients for Rest of Bruins Season bit.ly/AvZpGI
Kudos on the campaign.... definitely got my support, I'll post something on as well and our FB..
$240?!? Not sure how I've managed to stay ticket free all of college so far...
P90x!!! Gotta luv it! Great transformations!
I love you pookie! Xoxo call you tomorrow
Hey, John Edwards, phrase to avoid, "I did not have relations with that woman."
We are here!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP implementation experience, specifically in a financial …
Taking the kids to get their sports physicals at Saint Mary's Clinic at Walmart on Kietzke. Such an easy and quick option.
Happy New Year everyone! I'm going to be partying like a rock star and fucking like a porn star ;)
I guess I have a cat now? Pictures soon.
Just completed Week 2 - Day 2 (completed 2.11mi with run pace of 26:33 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
ate at Five Guys. they have the BEST fries. that will be on my grave, "but they had the BEST fries."
I like that!
I really want to like but everything I see seems so condescending/counterproductive. How do you change ppl by insulting them?
the rain what else
So...who wants to buy my plane ticket to Vegas for #NABshow?
Is it me or is the daily show not very funny since the election? (Maybe dubya was good for something...)
hey now! Haha I know I know I suck at singing!
Am still in shock about this marriage equality shift. Wow.
please follow my new account , iam already following u.
Tough to put into words how much the Beastie Boys mean to me. Condolences to MCA's wife and daughter and entire Beasties fam
Facebook vs. Twitter Instagram vs Viddy
Meet & Greet W/Yukmouth >>FRIDAY APRIL 20th<< 6-8pm at Harold Penner's ***CRYSTAL SHOPPING CENTER***
Just figured out how to title this paper: "Nelson Rockefeller was a Primitive Anarchist and So Can You."
Source: North Texas leaving Sun Belt for Conference USA North Texas will leave the Sun Belt to join Conference USA, a source close
Thanks for giving them such great stuff to say! Good luck in your future endeavors :)
It's the #Playoffs do u really sit the stars in a situation like this?!?!
drawing random stuff :D
Yeah it was up for a minute and then GONE! Not even listed on the site anymore.
Thanks for continued success on iOS game! 3 mths & still going strong. Built on #Titanium!
I'm in (downtown) SEA this week if you want to get together for food/drink/etc.
Coyotes are pretty good ventriloquists.
My boi over my crib having girl problems as usual.
is the girl a holy roller? Idk what its called xD u could be my trainee xD
Probably both would actually have to, you know, commit terrorism at some point
no. An emphatic no.
You know what? all the mahomies hate you because you hang out with austin! But i believe your really really pretty!(: -Bria
I don't know that I'm depressed, maybe the rest of you are just too happy in a way that can't be clinically diagnosed.
Gonna take a little nap ^-^ Night little tweeters
Trying to get back on the twitter thing... Let's see how long that last! lol
& myself receiving NAPSG Excellence Award for Public Safety GIS for the local work we are doing together.
I feel #awful for relationships that are full of shit. Newsflash everyone, stay single! Better,cheaper,overall joy
I think they're just trying to hurt us now.
The Avengers was an amazing movie.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
no veggies? Chicken is also rare in our house. Sounds like rice cooker is not in our future.
Congratulations Bubba. What a great finish.
Long day at the NGS conference! Now relaxing with a glass of vino :)
Really cold weather = really hot coffee!
Just finished the 24hr birthday food trifecta! #jackstack #okjoes #strouds So who is gonna check for a pulse tomorrow?
Hemingway's Whiskey Warm smooth & Mean !!!!
First tweet from my #droid - So far I love it. Will need a few weeks to kick the tires.
djekwks follow me
If you follow I will send Justin bieber 2 DMs for you just tweet me when you did
I feel as though #NFLDraftDay should be a national holiday. Here's to hoping for an excellent draft day for #Packers and former #Badgers!!
Planning my first "Girls Read" program.
I'm random. Bring it!
The Shave barbersho Miami beach Best barbershop 305-866-1940 thank u
"War is Peace" "Freedom is Slavery" "Ignorance is Strength."- "George Orwell
Mallow cups! RT : Happy Chocolate Day! What is your favorite chocolate candy bar?
New tagline for the Internet: Like Me, Or I'll Report You To Search Authorities
I think more people need to start using the hashtag #andthefoul. Seriously...highly underused & appropriate even outside of
Head on over to P415 now to see faculty candidate Monica Colon-Aguirre's presentation! Student feedback is much appreciated....#hooray!
that's funny dumbass like he's in a freakin rodeo or something
i did
Sad day in
Ate rocky road ice cream and dyed my hair pink.
I love you, follow me please
you want me quiet? when people homeless, under bridges going insane, kids can't spell their names?
praise Him!!
Health Tips: Saturated fats are not as bad for you as the medical stalwarts would have you believe.
my need is special ... retarded yo breath stank oh never mind i just farted
We're now tied. If he scores or steals a base, I lose.
This game is a wrap.
dog flags are fantastic!
Funny! RT : I think I have mastered the art of tweeting, emailing and burping an infant simultaneously.
haven't tried feline pine, but have tried some wheat based ones. i wasn't impressed. back to scoopable clay.
Thanks for the mention
#archives Early Action Applications at Harvard Are Up… and That’s a Good Sign Early admissions programs at big time colleges and universi
idk, I' should call stick back.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
This is how we do. We act a fool on the the dance at the clue
I'm so bored that I googled Iowa :P
Forgot how much I love "rock with you" by micahel jackson. Jammin in the car!
haha ok ok :)
I didn't know who I was until I made me who I am.
According to the Office of Community Oriented Police Service, most thieves stay away from houses with home security signs!
Music is my religion.... Authentic Icon
It shall be.
Forgot to do her letter ._____.
keep your head up. If it weren't for you we would've been done in game 5. You're a warrior man keep fighting
Finally made it home from work
happy birthday ugly :) have a good one old lady
Miss the wife. Dam
LoL, except you didn't even follow me.
The fact that I still need a car wash after last night's rain should really tell you a lot about the amount of the bird poop on my car.
just recently .. reported seeing paper on the windows just a few days ago....so sad :(
Kino! RT : Dang the heat's coach reminds me of the actor from teenage mutant ninja turtles part 2
Fuck off At&t for cutting my phone off even though it has been paid u mutha fuckers!?
read about this on hologram hiphopinfinitydotcom RT : hologram anticon and hologram project blowed at hologram scribble jam
Missed tackles, missed blocks, ill-timed penalties, inconsistency, continue to mark this season and coaching bears responsibility.
Your welcome doll!
I just saw this tweet...not sure what it's in reference too but I hope we can make it the same!
when ever I have alot to think about, I always shoot bow. I don't know why, but it always helps.
Let's Meat On the Avenue in #DelRay has by far THE best lamb around here. I highly recommend!!
i will thanks :)
damn thats a sweet tailend :D
Un jours il me #RT :p
Shoutout to -----> Go follow right now. Xo
Gotta new laptop!!! Thxx Granddad:]
House hunting :^)
“: So happy that I own feetie pajamas.”. Super jealous...
I'm obligated to my son financially not you
Thanks for following my personal
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!! CAN YOU FOLLOW ME? :)
Is it any coincidence that the Clippers coach, Vinny Del Negro is a former SPUR?
maybe it's
idk he's stupid
hey, take a minute to check us out please?? :)
im waiting on you
OMG Bailey is a riot tonight. She asked me what a Virgin was. She said she thought they were people who didn't eat meat. Vegan =/= Virgin
Self-doubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
Love iPhone. Just bought the latest book of All You Need to Know About the Music Business by via app in line
Jump into 2012 in style! RT Join us for our New Year's Day Jazz Brunch tomorrow! Call 304-536-1110 for details!
Shower then callin the boyfriend(:
Geesh. Worst week of my life-.-
at the end of Q1, is all tied at 31.. Renaldo Major leading the Jam with 9 points
She actually texted me back a couple times! :o
So sick and bored! I might die
Question for every dude under the age of 22: Why the high socks?
Love, love your service but so disappointed in this BofA outage. I will hate to leave but must if it's not fixed soon!
“: Being allergic to air...sucks.” that's why I don't breathe
Great stat: YouTube has more video every month than has been broadcast by the big three TV networks in the last 60 years
hahah, we hear about it constantly and it's very similar in content
Let's not kid ourselves: This OKC-Lakers game is terrible.
Read letter!!!
SDPD will expand Internal Affairs unit to more quickly investigate alleged wrong doing by officers. 3 or 4 Sgts will be added
I didn't get my full today at tumbling , but niether did Ali , so that's okay ,(:
Watching this Alumni game... I realize how many great players Maryland has had.
I remember when I gave a shit about you and you didn't about me, so why the fuck should I give a shit now that you do?? BYE.
Lecrae 'Church Clothes' Mixtape: Rapper Debuts New Project With No Malice, Boi-1da
bae sleep & i'm wide awoke.. uggghh!!!
please explore the potential of contracting our armed services out to NAFTA countries. if australia wants troops, so mit others
When you come to piano source we assure you to experience the “the red carpet” treatment.
Watching family guy
♫ mi really like how yu manage it...mi like it di way yuh set and plant it....yuh lead me follow any way yu want it ♫
It's a very exciting time of the year! Be safe and have a Merry Christmas :)
any suggestions for where one might go for some Christmas caroling and similar festivities?
Just saw the funniest thing at Noah's preschool and I can't stop cracking up, alone, in my car. Got the giggles. Why is tripping so funny?
Got Friday afternoon off work so I can watch in the NCAA tourney. You have to have priorities in life!
oh yea? Hopefully something soon
RT : RT : #FoodWars - Dear MKETweeps - New Season begins August 18th! Now following Man v. Food Wednesdays, get ready!
Watch out for the New House Nation Mix Coming Soon!!!
Tim Tebow held Easter Service in Texas and 20,000 people came.
uhm no yu better hope ! - i value my mouth & teeth to much for tht ish .
I came that you may have and enjoy life and have it in abundance, until it overflows. - John 10:10
Never ever ever getting my hopes up again. This is what happens
I did! Although you went into hiding again.
Instead of "Bees in da trap" I'm singing "Snakes in da grass, snakes in da grass" smh
Am I the only one that suffers from severe anxiety when on the receiving end of a high-5? Maybe even a fistbump at times?
“ Things my friends say "#fact even if your sideline knows about your girlfriend she still going to fuck you "”very tru n sad
red shirt looks like a poor man's David Blaine
lololol you caught me
u say this is going bed early, I say this is going to bed late
. that's your government ... making your life worse in small ways, every day.
now following!
what pedals are you using playing live these days? How bout for recording?
5 Ways an iPad Can Transform Bad Meetings
My moms said shes abt to ring my sisters neck.
Yea. And Vanessa told me her uncle's selling some tickets. When do you get back?
COMING SOON: Moving On Tour poster!
Why thank you. Ajua!
Our neighbor "Gran Torino" has been weedwhacking the dirt on his front lawn all afternoon. Think he's trying to get everything off his lawn.
So glad to see memoir at No. 1 on the New York Times bestseller list, right where it should be.
Off to city to have delicious Italian food along w/ buckets of wine so I can ignore fact that computer wouldn't turn on this afternoon...
There may be some confusion on Green vs. Gold model in the article (see comments). I hope that a correction/update is made.
Butterflies never felt so good <3
All the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in an American city in a year ~C.Sagan
i feel you on the asap rocky shit..everyone from new york is doing that down south shit for some reason.
It is fixed in 7.4. I can build you a custom dll with 7.3.4 and just that change if you are willing to take the risk.
we had waaaayyyy to much fun last night! Today was tiring lol.
RT : RT : Is Social Media the batter or the icing on the cake? #smss12 It should be the batter - a more...
An 80 year old woman at this autograph signing I was shooting came up to me to say I was cute - guess I have that going for me
Lol guys, promise I'll tweet a picture as soon as it's done.
Very nice to meet you! I'm pretty new to machine learning-- can you recommend any introductory tutorials to ML using R?
a bit snowed under now. soon as my work schedule lets up, I will spend more time looking at the intriguing
shouldnt you be in bed asleep? :p
Is it still snowy over there? We've been enjoying MTB rides almost every day. Even had to replace brake pads already.
data point?
Why didn't I do HDFS?
Singing one of my personal fave songs tomorrow for national youth day. 😊
off again 2day
lemme talk to joel, c if he wants to go,I'm game for whateva!
:) I just spent the last $9 in my wallet on cheese, crackers, tomatoes and basil at Aldi. I'm broke, but it's gorgeous out. Happy
haha i hope!!
u have a great ride and a great weekend.
"youtu.be/cM29Giiq6RM #realniggatalk this that real nigga talk what it sound like" ahaa - i seen u in da credits slim! <--
Papa johns in the loft like a boss
That's crazy! At least you have plates! I see cars without them all the time haha
hot ass canadian that will be from Canada. We need some talented people. I mean the worlds full of it, but we need one.<3 I mean Justin,(c)
library employers want tech skills, supervisory experience, instruction, reference, and tech services high on the list.
wtf was that???
A question one of us needs to ask PV this afternoon... RT : Odds this happens?
#myconcertdemands a boatload of money and some heavy autotune.
In Louisiana... I'll be in Dallas next week... What's good tho? What club is popping?
Honoring Reverend Dale Dusman for his 25 years as the President of the Charles North Community Assn. (12th District).
Beautiful weather. Patios. Beach. Grilling out. Sunshine.
Go vote for #Vinny as MVP on the #CBJ website poll!
Primary day. Up early with signs in trunk. Hit the polls all day. Then watch returns. Always exciting.
RT : New media campaigns are a two-way conversation - you are in a long term relationship with your list -
House Shows >
Anyone watch #TheVoice tonight? Some killer performances... Christina is amazing!
Congrats brotha. Been a minute. Hope you're well RT : Today from 1 to 4 djin a Steven Tyler Event
#PeakDiscovery to attend The Masters Conference in Washington DC October 3-5, 2011
thanks anyway, we are just happy to have found a copy of the segment!
it was a pleasure having u play last night!! Thanks for everything!! U ROCKED the club to the fullest!! Let's do it again soon
Snake bites it is:)
Director Matt Besser was in C'ville showing "Freakdance" and follwing w/ a Q&A. Thanks to the Cville film community for attending /sarcasm
win and a win over the #blackhawks . Good night.
I will rest and exercise this eventing. Cynthia Harris
but there are too few of these? May get the truer story in the streets...
someone died last year at warped because he was dehydrated
Make sure my name its on the room. See you in a few hours
I have 2 accounts, ArtNotHate & CreativeShare. Want to change ANH to CS. Do I have to deactivate CS to change ANH to CS? Merge?
But even if I'm left high and dry at the end of this wild journey, just taking it is a great feeling. Olivia Wilde
#wine fact: Carménère, a grape similar to merlot and originally from Bordeaux, is not mostly found in Chile.
Enthusiasm makes the difference!!!!
I don't remember... I still try n hang with you guys and keep in touch but I guess my HS friendships are OVER!!! : (
Illiterate of the 21st century will not be those that cannot read or write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn, Alvin Toffler
#ThingsIveRealized You can't change people if they don't want to change...no matter what you say or do.
cant wait for tomorrow cuz its easter plus vinnys birthday!!!!.
My work event today went really well! Relief. Rewarding myself with a trip to nearby Mexican restaurant for lunch to gorge on chips & salsa
hahaha was it golden too :)
Me n B.George having a ball at 5th element n 704. Whutchu kno. Bout it
Fun half day! :)
I saw a billboard for a movie called puss in boots,couldn't snap a picture, but felt obligated to tell you all about it for obvious reasons
Just give me an athletic, Latina, ESL-type wife and I'm STR8.
I woke up this morning playing our song and through my tears I sang along.
Learn more about the Center for Latin American Studies (CLAS) at OSU by visiting our website!! www.clas.osu.edu
In this case, it was to Kareem Abdul Jabbar (answer: "The Guggenheim"). But I hear ya.
how #oomf ALWAYS sends me a good night text >>>> #nomatterwhat #everyday (:
Hey check your direct messages go and reply to mine ok
ever sense quieted down this team has regressed. Let plush be plush.
Omfg. Accidentally swallowed my cough drop. Um, ouch?? >.<
Tomorrow's review is a #beer from the great state of Texas.
fairmont my first year, then up to morgantown haha
hola! Please follow us
“: oh i heard everyone gets a free show with you cam #cameronsaslut”
Anyone else having problems getting twitpics on your iPhone?
Happy Weekend!
I think A. Reed deserves to be in
I counted 8. Great video! Which are you seeing more of in new pub agreements: nonexclusive license language or complete © transfer?
Join us at the German Branch as we make Steampunk Jewelery on April 26th at 6 p.m. Register online or call 271-5144.
Brittania is so your type.
Fun day w getting pulled off a plane for canceled flight, then having a camera stuck in my face for their shitty reality show.
Were you single on Valentines Day? Don't worry, Diversity will never leave you. And shopping is good therapy. Come say howdy today!
Ha Ha Ha
RT : #Aries are independent, but don't mistake that for detachment. For the right person, an Aries will definitely play the game.
I'm here for you buddy :D
Why why wont and follow me I guess I'm to boring :'( :-(
Fashioniznit premiere Launch & After Party Sat June 30th in NYC stay tuned for details
Great opening day for the
I wish I knew what was going on. I just want to go see my family!
is that a type of tea?
If the draft was still alive this war would have been finished three years ago.
yep...1st time. But I had to catch up on some office work from home so I was glancing at my TL every once in a while.
lol niki thats how i feel but since we have parents WE HAVE TO GO!!! >:/
Let's agree. You #follow. I'll follow. You #unfollow. I unfollow. No one's Twitter account is "more important" than anyone elses. OK?
Can you name any of the "C's" that you should look for when shopping for Diamonds?
Somebody want to warm me up and then lay down with me? Im so cold and tired...
Thank you! Yeah, I've been diggin' on your pins too! I am becoming somewhat addicted to
There will be contest being announced soon with a chance to win 2 free tickets to our September 17th show in Cleveland, Ohio...STAY TUNED!
It's so strange for me to think that my living place was once a public space..the friendships that were formed, the stories that were told..
RT : Thanks for always supporting Jeremy!
Gonna eat a meatball.
Good Morning
Here's a helpful tip from Kwik Kar: It is recommended that you have your vehicle's wheels rotated every 7,500 miles!!! Happy Car. Happy You.
A very good cause my friends.
Done with the semester
Can't wait for the new series of
I am officially in heaven. #rackopening Happy TweetUp at the new Nordstrom Rack!
I have come across so many artists that need recognition! so much good work coming into the label now!
96% of people looking for local content on their mobile phone. 99% of those taking action right after.
thanks, e! RT : Actually all THREE of you are the bomb RT : Thanks, ! I know, isn't the bomb?
RT DaniSchiliro --> I really apreciatte your clear way of being! <-- Let's see if we can get them honest!
Looks like hacking is going on 3 more dms from u!
at least its not as bad as us Bulls fans have it..you guys get one more shot!
When will we know who wonn?(:
really wish someone would explain! Or else i might have to go google it or something :p
Took me long enough but finally I read Moneyball. Great stuff as always from Michael Lewis.
we are loving all of the emails we are getting for our Galtime ABQ Guy. Keep Emailing me at
Minneapolis is in the mix as a possible destination, although it isn't on the schedule as of yet. Thanks for the suggestion!
Should I promote it there? We think white smiles are sexy and everyone should use are product to keep theirs sexy&white!
Cowherd's obsession w/ John Wall's "Dougie" is tired. Put him on a decent team and then judge him. D.C. is where players go to die.
good call
A lot of people lost substance in their personality since social networking got hot...
whats a fair price for Full Tilt money right now? getting varying opinions. i was thinking 95%+, am I fishing hard or something?
that's awesome :) your a freshman?
Happy to hear you enjoyed our #popcorn today. Hope you stop by again!
My brother shattered his pinky and tomorrow he's getting surgery :(
I shed so much hair in the shower, I should have been bald 10 years ago.
to teach you soccer this summer
RT Watching these Cartel videos piss me off! >:( Those bitches are not people, they're fckn ANIMALS!
No school tomorrow :) gotta love snow days..
Probably, but they likely stick the bundles of money in their ears to drown out the people laughing at them.
doing it
BREAKING: BLS April jobs report, private-sector jobs declined by 6,200 and by 11,100 over the year, grew by net 10,100 since December 2011
Also the boss so no grassing about me being on here loads Follow im in the mood to visit greyhound racing
I don't doubt that AaronRogers is good, but until he has 2 SB titles talk is cheaper than skank trying to get a nut. GO GIANTS
3 reason to date a British. 1)He might know Harry Styles. 2)He might know someone who know Harry Styles. 3) He might be Harry Styles.
Going on a run! 😁
Can I make a request? I want you to play ____
Worst dream I've ever had /:
Tired of waiting.
Jonah Hill and Kristen Wiig are definitely banging right now
I Wanna Recieve A Random Picture From My GF <3
RT : I'm hoping I can wake up tmr for breakfast at 900 am for Mothers Day!! <--- Yeah that's early, hope you do.
I want a pair of Toms!
You lucky man.
Fact about Me: sad music cheers me up!
Sometimes I follow a Twitter elite, even though they only follow themselves.
follow them, they stay with updates of jobs with openings. ✌
ha thank you!
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!
Any special hashtag for today, ?
Looking for live music Sat night? Red Kitchen & Bar features live music now! The Byrnin' Duo will play from 8:30-11:30pm. See you there!
hey Ian
you are welcome!
TRANQUIL AS A FOREST... BUT A FIRE WITHIN. ONCE YOU FIND YOUR CENTER, YOU ARE SURE TO WIN...
“: I'm hanging out with Matt Donovan. Small world!” small indeed!
Our hearts go out to Derrick Rose, one of Chicago's finest.
I love dat movie
Just reached for the hand sanitizer thinking it was my water bottle. Time to send me home...
Travelling east coast to west coast and the SF D makes it SF, NE in the Super Bowl.
Our website is temporarily down! Please bear with us as we fix the technical snafu.
Hope it's a good move. I might move in a couple of years. May follow my daughter to college. Hawaii is too far from everything
"Life is what you make it to be"
yeah right, even if she was there, what meaningful words could she possibly utter?
Operation Just Cause was the code name for the U.S. invasion of which country under George H. W. Bush?
Yep. The tester actually works pretty well. It should. The model they copied works well. :-D
haven't seem you and the bishop since we did ny with C+Swiss Hemp tea. I'm in the A hit me up
and the group is pretty good as well:)
nada.. gotta work :[
home for a month and then back to the city it is!
Getting #drilled with a
WE HAVE THOSE HOT ADIDAS SHIRTS TO MATCH THE SHOES
#dsoc #slasummit be sure to have enuf short term opportunities for volunteers w/ limited amounts of time
Yes RT : when you're having the best dream ever and wake up, does anyone else ever try to fall back asleep to finish the dream?
When i looked at you I saw a family I saw love and a long happy life, when you see me you see a short time and a fun for now..
modric looks uninterested and motivated. he looks like a player that wants to be sold in the summer.
Ha! You sound like me right now, except I'm not using site grinder. I'm trying to do it from scratch.
fuckkk ima have a great birthday man
Shay- when is your skinny ass getting the 4s? I'm having iphone withdrawals- do I need to go to the actual store?
maybe that's next, I will have to go back and check
Being in early classes make me mad... All these seniors tweeting they shouldn't be up. Smh
today is such a beautiful day :)
it was amazing! Just what the doctor ordered :) can't wait for my next visit, I loved those Detroit chips
Nobody is noticing my 911 pin. I'm gonna have to glue on some rinestones!!
We're lookin real rusty huh ???
your welcome(:
lol i see u taylor swift
Putting drops in teachers' buckets trying to help fill them up today. They in turn filled mine!
RT if you think should do a song with just saying btw pharrell our weddings Tom. Don't be late boo ;)
no where
Im glad you are feeling good enough to go out, sorry bout the bad service.
So many lost scoring opportunities...#Packers need to step it up! And, oh, yeah - SACK Favre!!!
Ok I know it's cooler to be a hater right now-but sometimes hits really close to home. A little too close often. Overall, I'm sold
Whoever dresses #Blaine () in #GLEE - I really want his wardrobe. I love all of his outfits/clothes. =0)
Good Morning, Sunshines!!!
There's a rat in here
So, I feel like I'm about eight years late to the web 2.0 party, and am only here because my friends drug me along, but hey. I'm here.
Where makeup fails, resort to pills.
Haha, thanks Pam! As you know, sushi is one of my favorite things. How is life in Wausau? Are you loving nursing?
if MM would've told the truth to people he spoke to things would've been handled differently & JS would've been locked up 8 years ago
did do the 3 things again
#StanleyCup #black&yellow
Museum Day: We are on a roll, getting a little hoarse from talking with folks! Why can't everyday be Museum Day?
#c2css12 Larry Carver's on the mic! Giving oral assessments on written assignments: clearly explaining the rubric for online students
Once AGAIN if your girl don't like a bitch don't fuck with that bitch, if your man don't like a niggah don't fuck with that niggah!!!
1st thought after waking up this AM: ugh, I'm officially 37. 2nd thought: I want bacon.
#thanks #shoutout right back
Why does doing what's right feel so wrong?
We're a new group and just starting to grow. Check us out on Mondays at 11:30 at Tacos and Taros.
Also looking for large men attending the concerts in So Cal to form a protective barrier around me so I dont get squished.
True but Lisa was already "punished" for temperament so they could have at least kept Aubrey on. She was among strongest players.
why where ya headed now? Are you done filming?
And from you dear Peter...how is your family?
I am like texting twitter from my phone im not on the internet so i cant message you..
We just had our first 3pm open. It's Happy Hour!
' I love wen my followers speak the truth about the situation.
Does andrew get my tweets still? :o
We got this week's issue out just in time.
Don't like Baseball? For some reason I thought you lived in the Midwest. Was I wrong... and is L.A. home now?
Let go of all your inner fears
The support that an energized group of women can give one another is truly amazing.
Not to forget the orangey orangutans...
so WHAT if i love old cars and love harry potter... 14 year oldgirls can likr old cars too ya know :(
nice to see you today!
hey how did you do in the pgh marathon
can I get a follow back? I voted all day practically
": Women love a man with confidence. Because without it, what's there to destroy..."
Who says one has to be in Austin to be #badgeless ? I can't count the numerous times I've been #badgeless ...
Loved you on the show! You funny as he'll!
hahaha!! Yup!! xD I think I'm the only one who does that! :D
Wear what makes you SHINE! Bring a sweater in case you get chilly inside!
It was absolutely amazing singing behind tonight. Seriously nailed it. CMU has a new obsession. #lastminute?
Anthony Hamilton's 'Do You Feel Me?' is my morning jam. One of my life jams, for that matter. Man can SING. Love you, AH.
Omg!!! He is going to get ALOT of calls now lol. Poor Rickys phone! Haha.
Yes school wanted to fight me on everything. I yelled I want to continue this iep with my Lawyer present.
AhChoon and one of the Americans tried to follow me, but I was one jumpahead of them
hello... TWITTER BUGS... what's Cooking?
morning guys!
i go to kinderg lunch daily. Taught kids 2 use forks/spoons. cleaner hands back 2 the classroom!:)
u at j.cole?
We have a #fantasyfootball Hall of Fame, featuring players that have made fantasy contributions, but not necessarily superstars in the NFL.
I really appreciate the difficult work that retailers have to do. I am only doing 2 days of festivals and it's crazy!
We have a whole block of the 8 O'Clock News dedicated to breast cancer awareness tonight!
In a juicy 5/10 game best action I've seen in days on a Monday afternoon!
girl look at that body, I workout
Being a bridesmaid is stressing me out. Not wearing a tutu in public, at bars in San Diego.
I woke up so great today :) im so thankful. God gives me so much light and im so glad I get another day with my family. I love him so much
Looked at your pics and thought you might be good at it so wondered if you get a lot of bookings all over the place x
yeah! :(( they have no idea what's wrong with it! The battery is fine but it won't start!
OMG your so lucky :D <3
I just had a conversation about JJ Reddick to someone who asked me why I like the Magic. And now he's trending. I have no point.
Interesting the lack of replays CBS is showing on the inside battles. Too many non-calls?
my favorite recipe in the ALDI Summer Seasonal catalog is the Vegetarian Ratatouille
I get bored of people to quick. I think I'm going to forever be alone.
Austin's favourite number is 74 , so mines too :>
I love the indescribable joy that comes from serving Christ #AllSmiles :)
Wondering what the Native Americans think of the "Occupy" movement.
anytime! Where are you located exactly?
All of our rewards are now en route! Our most heartfelt thanks to you who gave us the gift of life.
WWW.FREAKNICATL.COM
Pauly D's laugh >>>
mane tell that mane to ait his funky as down then lol
