Matt Smith is good too, but Tennant is still the favorite.
Yoga today-First headstand and first REAL back bend. Thanks Rebecca for teaching me your wisdom!!!
you just called me buddy... -_-
WTF #ubersocial? Why do you keep crashing my #iphone?
what are u talking about lmao
Watching bleach eating banana and extra crunchy skippy super chunk <3 & sunflower seeds killing time before therapy
coming up in 20!
": Life's most difficult moments teach us that we're stronger than we know."
But ain't no way I'm gone be in the VA and my mama in Texas
Finally got my drip sprinklers set up. Now the pretty stuff can stay green!
Welcome to Monday. Another day of opportunity.
it's polished up an ready.
Walking over to the slave quarters at Mount Vernon
haha yea we all got em around the same time a few years back
Twitter informed me I was hacked. I apologize for any annoying things y'all may get from my account! Twitter and I have fixed this.
Cool... but it looks exactly the same
SO true! Not fun at all. Where are you applying?
I knew I was taking a chance by following you guys. lol
[Campus Bulletin] Our EAS School finally repaired its weather control device this weekend. Feel free to thank us with donations.
I bet how old Is he
Hi twitter world !
Gold Standard Diagnostics Announces Global Launch of New, Fully Automated ELISA Platform ThunderBolt
About that time...
just wait til you meet him
rotting out x slipknot split 2012.
looking to gain bigger email list! Anyone have any bright ideas?
Philly Sports: 2012 NBA Playoffs: San Antonio Spurs Vs. Los Angeles Clippers Western Conference Semifinals Matchup Fan’s View (Yahoo!...
Reality is cruel. 渡る世間は鬼ばかり。
Three constants in life-change, choice, and principles.
Khloe & Lamar marathon? Don't mind if I do
" don't stop BELIEVIN' "
I don't know about loving the NBA, yet. But it is fun to be a part of that atmosphere each night.
"Sorry! We did something wrong. Please refresh the page and try again." C'mon Twitter!
Do you teach a language? How do you balance teaching language usage vs. grammar, sentence structure and other formal elements?
Easiest 3 steps to gain :1) follow ) follow me, 3) RT this
Not even an hour into our trip to Rochester and I'm already dreaming of
Nice little AM shaker/earthquake in Anchorage this morning.....shake rattle and roll..
Blunted which means
I like dem bars & ya image :) great look...
Check out thelasvegaskid @ YouTube
Just got a great listener suggestion for the Escape. Please bring a new or gently used bra to donate to bit.ly/bOp91k
: haha yeah ill think bout it. & i would but me no know where you live.
. : Kudos. You inspired #hive11 designers that they can be Founders. Great way 2 end the day. Seattle Design Community <3s u!
“: Who wants to be my Valentine ;)” Right here, yeah buddy!
A Versatile Blogger Award « Jenny&#39;s Serendipity
Only read shorter pieces of Tallis; yes, dogmatic. But review says to me that ch 3 & 4 might have place in my fall neuroanth course
Woo sparring today for boxing. Should be interesting.
#yogotti #flexing hard this evening at the gym le go my eggo
With 5mil on parole&probation;15K+ in DC;4 in 10 recidivism rate;your encouragement &his motivation 2 access services is key
Hahaha OMG the blow remix is amazing needs more views!!
wakin up tomorrow, thumbs up. class tomorrow, thumbs dwn
speaking of warm, moist places... I've always wanted to go to Costa Rica
agreed! Love his voice
I'm proud of us too! I'm beat though ha! Shall we go Saturday morning?
Dont leave. Even if you don't like me, I don't wanna watch you go.
Hi there just getting up. And it was nice to meet you too
Is there a person in there?
mwahahah!! Your my hero!!
that probably sounds better after a few gombay smashes in Disco Ball cups.... ;)
bet i followed her shid tell her wats up...all bidness
Breast milk for sale. All online and not screened. 100's of local moms are doing it. Would you? The story
Good morning!
"Misunderstood" on Apples to Apples, my roommate put down Bill.. I put down Hilary. Haha
i wish cranberries were coming to texas!!!!
I love the aggressively pro-paper (CC: )
Hey Kat, I just found a bunch of cool tips for using Twitter as a marketing tool!
Dear friends, I'm literally so sorry that I've apparently been incredibly rude all week and ignored your texts. Blame Verizon.
Thx Hope you enjoyed dinner and the show.
I just killed my taste buds with this hot ass chimichanga :'o
Looking for Onsite Maintenance position in Santa Barbra anyone have any ideas, this is a huge hello to all!
I guess it's a good thing I haven't upgraded yet...“: Lion ruined many apps and is buggy with some of my gear”
#GetEbenTo17k he's SO close! :D
aw bye bby
RT : It is famously difficult 2 get VC backing for new consumer devices; 's success with shows a...
is positive psychology worth obtaining? I'm doing more research in it for graduate, there's a school that offers it in CA
My Leg Hurt & Ish .
RT : A3: Its a balance between how we are perceived and not allowing others perception to define us...
come have some birthday drinks at The Bar @ Bermuda & St Rose!
RT : If an expert says it can't be done, get another expert
Setting up the iPad the library bought for me ... and I have no idea where to start
Watchin the bears playon a good game
Did you play for him at one point? Maybe bring back Herrmann as a DC, that'd be great too! Go Blue!
All facebook friends get %50 off any walk-in order from now until 9pm tonight, 11-1-11. Code word is "Gimme".
#randomtweet my grandma called me earlier snappin on me then started talkin like everything was all good lol she a thug
Idk why but I love 10 things I hate about you;p (show and movie)
Ah. ER visit in my near future.
The of Melbourne, Australia is in attendance.
so true
I sent all my life savings to these nigerians with an amazing plan that will make me a millionaire. I've been waiting patiently..for 3 years
Luckily we got #theBobcats tonite, let's sit #DRose and #Deng, then get healthy for the #NBA Playoffs!
Thoughts 5- The Wave was attempted in the 6th, I didnt participate. Notice in Wisconsin the wave is an "arms only" ordeal. Go figure.
Time to get up n watch #Sportscenter I'm reading sum of the dumbest shit on my TL lemme see where yall gettin it from
oh... "best of both worlds" lol
Looking for single busy professionals from 25-45 that would like 12 mini dates in a hour register at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
meet . Yall should get acquainted.
Bumping my "creepy" music with the windows down & seeing everyone's face like -> o.O >>>>> xD
lol i see
No love for at the nose?!? Most underrated player in the league! Hope he gets paid in the off-season.
heard @ odnet. relationships matter! must get her book.
The Hobbit is good but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a movie
we missed you <3
I will fly to NY tomorrow. Have Dr. Ahmad ready in the OR. I will give Mo my ACL. Prep the transplant team...
In my mind, in my head, this is where we all came from.The dreams we had, the love we shared,this is what we're waiting for...
Boulders in the road on 65, some size of basketballs. Everywhere. Be careful
The FED has lost their minds. More Stress Tests? For what reason? To cost shareholders like me millions more?
I love when she completely loses it and has a mental breakdown, like a pre quill to Showgirls
I'll pretend I'm happy that you're with someone who treats you right.
Hocum defends his belt and defeats Max by TKO at 1:20 of the 1st round. (stopped due to strikes)
Moving the Family & Business back to Colorado. See everyone when I re-open in the New Year in a New State :)
I will call them tomorrow! Looking forward to it!
I repeat; LIES.
Everyone have a nice Christmas!
On my way home from a mind numbing workday. Need... To...play...guitar...
How can black ppl say "we nees to stick together" "white folk always bringin us down" but we kill each other over $1 & what color we wearin.
We salute and give thanks for all Martin Luther King did for us. Happy day, everyone...!
We are all FUCKING BELIEBERS!!! I u want to tag us for the country we live go fangirl at Madonna 'cuz that tagging is pure SHIT!!!
The new jaguar XKX concept!!! Damn!
Ha ha!
Artest suspended for ONLY 7 games? What a difference being a Laker makes.
Im definetly bombing that math exam tomorrow.
morning stranger!!
Forever Michael!!!!! :-D
send me pics and more info if you can:
It's taping Friday through Monday I believe. I can't wait to see it!
#idol - Jessica and Hollie sound very good together. Subtle, sweet vocals - well done.
You can't stay in your corner of the forest, waiting for others to come to you; you have to go to them sometimes. -Winnie the Pooh
Was absolutely charmed by Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris. Totally deserving of the Oscar nomination for Best Picture.
What do you guys think of D3 so far?
Smh I hate when people talk shit when they look like they don't have a pot to piss in smh
This movie is scary already!
Allergies & sinus are killing me
said I clearly enjpy dominating men. Duh...
Up waitin on my client...... I love doing hair its my passion!!!!!!!
Bout to get off work, go home workout, take a nap then get the kids later for they playdate.
The eBay app is pretty cool... I was able to list items by just scanning the bar code!
Thanks so much! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
A couple of years ago, was one of the few to RSVP yes to my birthday celebration, but he didn't show. Only 2 people did.
Socks are a girl's best friend and Gentlemen prefer Socks
call me real quick
Just me and you, I loved your point of view cause you held no punches..
Watching #gc2012 didn't help my sermon writing much. Or it could have been the #rageagainstthemachine I had playing!
The 4 Agreements -Be impeccable with your word,Don't take anything personally,Don't make assumptions,Always do your best / Don Miguel Ruiz
Thanks for the follow
Twitters getting boring ima be on YouTube for a while
Lions QB Matthew Stafford wins AP NFL Comeback Player of Year.
You guys reporting on the snow tonight?
Live Large, choose courageously and love without limits!
Went and saw The Lion King broadway musical in Orlando with today. Totally amazing! Loved every second of it. :)
happy birthday have a great day hope it is filled with cake and presents(:
Wow what immature asshole would make a Mike Flanagan Ghost twitter account. Ashamed to even be followed by that ass.
my solutions 2 quickly finish a project: 1. big needles. 2. blending yarn. #always works but i'm going to send you some patterns
Start your Friday night right with happy hour till 8pm!
"Katy Perry IS Nelson Mandela!"
I'm in the process of a long process with that. In essence, Skype would be cool... Did u find me on there?
Time for season finale
what's with the front page ads?
Just got some great upholstered stack chairs & computer cart from just $10 ea -- check these out B4 they are gone -- 7916 SE Foster 11-7 PM
I had the most weridist.. Like, wow. Yeah um, dream ever. Not telling my Mom this, but I am telling the gut who was in it ;P
Drats! can't make the custom beer. City of Chicago liquor regulations prohibit it. Maybe AlphaBeer VII or IX then!
ok, added you <3
tnx for the pinterest follow. Anyone else need an invite?
of course. Wasn't discussing mechanism of
To destroys teams RT : Plus dude numbers dnt lie yea u may think he`s a ass but so was ty cobb and he is greatest
offers [Shulman's Market] has been enlarged to cover an entire wall, a wall that becomes a window to a vanished Washington."
Peer Support of Dane County is in need of volunteers to provide compassionate companionship to isolated seniors. More info at 846-9469
u can if u want. Not at home now
Sade, if you need an agent... I'm thinking about getting into the game
I just can't help myself #IJustCan'tStop
Robert Bresson~ Make visible what without you might perhaps never have been seen.
PEOPLE KEEP RT'ing/FAVORITING MY FANFIC. CREEPERS SCROLLING THRU MY FAVS. HAHA ITS COOL. LOVE YOU TOO.
I love you
thanks for coming gents! Glad you enjoyed it - I'll make sure to let you know if a Volume II is in the works
Hubby's fixing the sink. Asked me for help getting his 3 nuts off.
and was very rude that damned?? Maybe you call it love........ ok baby muakk :(
Stupid Finals! Too many people at Starbucks hogging all the bandwidth! Ugh
My Human Geography project is titled The Geography of c:
It will be. I promise :)
W.mwishartinvestigations.com is looking into cold case files.
I didn't mean to
good luck ladies! Wish I was still there watching y'all! Lol
Hopefully a mixture of both. Like a Jacobin Bill & Ted.
Omer Asik is really looking less & less like Judge Reinhold, which isn't a good thing for Omer.
I'm kinda really sad I can't get the EP yet cause the Internet at my new house BLOWS. :(
That's interception No. 4 and turnover No. 6 for the Horns.
How old do my kids have to be before I stop saying "potty" and "tummy"? My youngest is 12 and I'm worried my vocabulary is compromised.
Talking about Twitter at Reference Forum this morning. , this looks a little formal--what am I in to?
physioball hammy curls...making sure to drop the butt (not holding solid plank) to mimic the action of hams during running!
I Freduian Shi…Slip all the time :)
Feeling it today, been training hard all week gonna chill have some coffee and piece of cake maybe.
THERE'S ONLY 1 THING PEOPLE LIKE THAT'S GOOD FOR THEM; GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP. Property Owners please visit your Insurance Agent about coverage.
Finally some NY pizza, greatest thing ever invented. Still got love for Mad Mush though
We are aware if an Internet Explorer bug where IE8 formats some pages incorrectly.
oh thank your for RTing our Merk deal!!
every time I blink I feel like I'm going to cry
I'll be with a design firm in NYC for a week and then I'm going to be in DC till August :)
watch ur language! do yal forget that im on here too?
very dope session today. thank you Taylor Matos for blessing the booth. remember the name yall.
I zoned out in class, now I have no clue what we have to do.
BIG News coming right before the bell get ready !!!!!!
Eddie Schmidt 48: Running the Manitou Incline in 26 minutes. "After my third 8 minute session, once a week I'm @ 25 min. www.quickgymcs.com
Has Navy's cut blocks ever seriously injured a fb player? I still love the broken bone O!
Lmfaoo to #oomf does it look like I gave a fuck O.o because I really dont :)
Two really good sessions: SM across the enterprise and compliance.
tough remount new playlist boom! I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Reason to hope
And Darius Miller has now played in the most career games in school history.
I love the contrast between the camera hungry fans during the NBA Playoffs and the nonchalant look away fans! lol!
Finally made it to High Point NC. My a$$ is numb from the long ride
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic Coupe 1.7i ES Coupe for a new car!
definitely we should do that
Good thing I have a scooter and an external hard drive.
OMG. I just witnessed someone get hit my the RTD light rail! WTF?!!! 😱😰
#UNM #Lobos beat #Duke in championship #soccer game, 2-1 in overtime. Woof woof woof!
Fantastic job up front, Andy! truly brilliant! your energy and powers of listening were inspirational!
Lucky guess!
alright, no more editing, today. it's officially beer o'clock.
My night consist of watching movies on netflix .... You guys don't have to tell me, I already know I'm a party animal.
I bet those two British girls are crying in the audience right now.
Happy Pi Day! How many of you bake or eat pie on this day?
lol true xD but there's no way he's really working for Red John O.o
As the on-call weekend reporter, your tweets are not giving me much hope for escaping my apartment anytime soon!
Welcome to the Twitterverse :-)
Feel like I haven't seen around lately. Nat! Where are you? ;)
I do not like Jen Hirsh. I'm sorry. She seems sweet and she's an okay singer, but something bugs me!
3 words of love; I LOVE YOU <33.--- 3 words wich make me happy : AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE. ♥
I want to bake a bunch of cookies and then eat them all.
RT : Armstrong says AOL's goal is to have Patch profitable by end of 2013
DUDE! I JUST SCREAMED! GOD DONT SCARE ME!
RT : The Physcis equations on the background white-boards of #BigBangTheory are real and changed according to each show's theme.
that text just made me smile =D
It's been the most brutal division by a mile for 5+ years now, so a Pacific dominated playoffs would be a thing to see.
Wait Barcelona didn't win?
Hey Yankees lets score some runs k?
oh my God, you're saaa gay LOL
I even work tomorrow night and early Sunday morning so I can't go out tomorrow. You got more beer for me? :)
maybe. I should be writing but I'm not procrastinating
Oh Passover- I can't say I'm looking forward to you. 8 days of cardboard. How long will I keep it this year?
Before you judge me take a good look at you. Seems to me you’re a little slow to understand; Ignorance and Jealousy go hand in hand.”
This is trueRT : Nice! Probably a lot! Too bad it doesn't count how heavy your camera is...
I like the rain when it's time to go to sleep
SHOUT they give you the funniest ppl to follow #FollowThem!
my earbuds are noise canceling. I'm so sorry. :(
Jimmy Shack majored in painting and printmaking. He is being represented by Barking Lizards in Williamsburgh
thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of kids biking indoors on our 123GoTV. Just covered on NBC News
Female Co-Host wanted for unsigned artist showcase. Must have a personality, be self-motivated & somewhat attractive! Info: 347 249 9441
I'm in need of coffee. Debating a walk to #DunkinDonuts or (gasp) a drive to #SBux. I know. Shocking since I'm no SBux fan.
Can you publish it in English? Thanks.
You go girl! RT : First business pitch. Check.
Hey this Thursday (2-3) our own UX Librarian is teaching RSS Feeds in the Kyle Morrow Room. Exciting stuff
Better than the Bucks being dead last.
Fox News, I declare a war on you.
Happy 70th Birthday, Ali....
There's something so magical about grilled eggplant
I might make fun of StL'ians, but please don't none of y'all die in a tornado, mmmkay?
5-0 wraps this week before taking a break. I was called into casting and they said they may use me again after the hiatus in the new year.
Probably right. But I'll wait to see for myself. Seems like a silly stunt for a place like MSG
is the SKC cow (the goal scorer from the home opener) dressing for us tonight?
:) RT : gregory porter is a singer's singer. this is coming from an Irish tenor. Love his voice and song
Most pressing question of the day: how did you arrive at that page?
im feeling much better, so is logie.im thankful blake did catch it.im going to courthouse today to petition 4 custody of blake
what is that?
Visit Saturday for free ice cream, discounted cakes and prizes for hula hooping. Yes. Hula hooping. Check in for 2x Belly points!
thanks for following. if you are seeking songs/reference tracks/instrumentals just let me know and I can send some.
great opener for
Gr8 point.RT : A5. Having a list definitely helps, but make sure not to ignore other opportunities that arent on it!
It takes 115 days.
so how are things going with you? been to any Rays games? I need to write a piece on following the Rays from 8K miles away.
Thx!:) How's business 4 u? RT : : I've heard great things about your company from many of my Chicagoland customers!
Have you tried our burger yet? You can add pork belly, pimento cheese, an extra patty, chicken liver mousse or even a fried egg!
Is pro-union. Cool.
Around the world with 330 sausages - Chicago Tribune
"What exactly does that expression mean, "friends with benefits"? Does he provide her with health insurance?"
For 2nd time bought from a convenience store what appeared to be a plastic-wrapped #pastry only to find it was basically just a #hotdog bun.
So far I have 3 picks correct, 4 pretty much correct, and 1 wrong. Instead of a BMW, do I win a free oil change, ?
too cold to get out of bed. i wish it was saturday.
Emotional limbo | A game without reward
What are you reading?
we have rain! we will have grass! we are ecstatic! three years of drought in central texas sure makes you appreciate a raincloud!
well played. Respect.
Feeling horrible right now...ugh :-(
Got a feeling that this year's #Kantar session at #rethink11 will be standing room only like last two years.
Sometimes things in this business really hurt. Especially when you trusted someone to have your back and they didn't.
You know information can't be shared with you Bellwood folk too far in advanced...
Love it!
Well done. Congratulations.
lol don't be ... It was drinkable. I don't plan on ever being a beer drinker!
My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet? It would mean a lot to me!!(: 4
If they allow smoking, the sign says: "Abandon all hope ye who enter here."
Thou shall not jones for anything because that is a waste of space in your frontal lobe
That sad moment when makes you laugh harder than your boyfriend makes you orgasm
The last day off work before working the next 7 in a row, drinking is necessary
I enjoyed the finale of TVD. There were moments I thought Damon was going to get staked. He should end up with Katherine.
ready for another winning run on jamiel #can'twaittotalk
stay the fuck away from the cliche.
Starbucks stocks hit a record high today at more than $60. I knew if I just waited a few years my stock would help me pay for a venti latte!
Fuck Google for only giving me pictures of Vonnegut butthole drawings when I search for "wide open beavers".
The wheels of justice grind slow... Unless you just want to plead guilty. Talk to a lawyer and work your case! Sometimes hard work=miracle
We're looking forward to the mixology industry event tonight at Slightly Oliver NYC. Send us a message if you need info/directions.
Problematic nature of Ordinary of Newgate's accounts is why they should be studied says Erin Feichtinger at
Heard from 9 year old twins Prairie. "We love the special effects in Civil War Journey & wish they had them in Prairietown."
#goodmorning! Thanks for talking last night I love how I can tell you anything and ur here to listen
$55 for to ship me a Mexican flag before tomorrow? INSANE.
how many to go?
RT : Chillin hard wit my bitch, Smokin on some Loud
the mobile friendly site is super cool!
We hit the studio November 27th in Woodstock. It's about to go down...!!!!
#runinoftheday 3: Christ-O from tremor video -- old coworker. Fiddlesticks cc:
Never have time for anything.
Does signing Wimbley to a long-term deal mean they can offer Miller enough to stave off Seattle?
And we're only closed for a week, you know.
I win. But not often.. But more than you. Hi Mom!
Do dogs have bellybuttons???!? Somebody answer me anyone!
Walkin n get her
...funny like my ruhtarded attempt to win in the playoffs. I am obligated to mention Nike in all my Tweets. Nike.
Disappointing to see that Sup. Dimitrijevic won't let go of that mean-spirited, coercive plan to punish workers. Negotiate, don't dictate!
luv u boo
45-year-old geeks are the weirdest people.
Tweet me & tell me what Carrie or Lauren has done for you in your life.
lol i hope u got a ass
There is a double rainbow outside and now I have that dumb song stuck in my head.
youre too precious. I CANT STAND IT.
I'm TIRED Of Him In My TL Thoo
Q4 I spend my volunteer time working for library associations, I haven't had time to spend elsewhere
Chick-fil-a cookies🍪😍❤
When Colton Haynes tweets about #GCB I want to cry. my favorite show talking about my other favorite show.
my older brother is a morgan alum.
boy, have you got that right!
Our review of Siri: Great virtual assistant, but she refuses to fetch us lunch or write tomorrow's RAMP for us.
Better brace for impact!
Wow, Kenny Rogers looks Great!
wtf was up with THAT!? RT ": Rest assured I didn't create a fake presale to scam fans"
9:15 AM and I've bought a pair of shoes already. I think it's going to be a good day.
Yea man! I'll send that track soon homie!
If u are a female singer and would like the opportunity to perform @ 3 points sports bar and grill. contact me asap at 469.254.7890 - Payn
Good mornning lovely people! Have a great day!
dem clappers
RT : With at Party In The Park. is sounding...well, stellar! //agreed!!
Flaming Patties open here for lunch! Come check it out. Cold beer also coming soon with your lunch!
“: “: Who's the better Tweeter? You or ?”uhh me duh” ya duh
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
"Do one thing every day that scares you."
I remember when the weekends were fun, now their just another day
944's may picks issue is out all over town! did you make the cut? www.944.com/magazine
If your looking for a get rich quick something this isn't it. This is helping feed dying kids. The money is a perk. So if interested PM me.
How's it going so far, is everything straight on the business side of things?
I love it
Especially ones with quotes from classic literature and sci-fi shows.
hahaha! The waiter at CPK, "why? Do you have an embarrassing name?"
jealous of all the people who were at that show!I wish I could buy a jet and fly all over the world and c every show #MarsJet lol
The rhinoceros beetle can carry up to 850 times its weight on its back. This is equivalent to a person carrying over 50 mini-vans on...
Currently searching for good deals on #golfballs and not having much luck.
Happy Mother's Day! We see some of the most caring moms in the world here at Rady Children's every day.
#procrastinationlikewoah Turning off the Internet for a little bit.
Hey, SFSU people. Does the Ike's on campus accept visa yet? Or should I just eat at subway like a tourist?
fine clothes convey success & authority and that's what I want my first family conveying.
need to improve functionality for direct messages...
great! We can go through every question possible as a lesson :) we have hundreds, girl, get ready!
Same here but i dont want to -_- that is tomuch rain
hey this is a little late BUT, missed you in Pittsburgh, but hopefully I'll see you next time. <3 LURVE! (no duh?)
A comprehensive communications policy protects brand, manages risk, addresses legal compliance, and promotes employee morale
. asks: What motivates you to share content?
Did you get a hair cut ? No , I just died the tips of hair invisable , psh .
#GymPetPeeves The shitty towels at New York Sports Club
When passing another hit record, remember the man who originally set it.
Get it team 2! Great work today y'all!
1) Haywood unleashed a running haymaker on Durant, clearing both benches in the ugliest scene since the brawl at the Palace of Auburn Hills
Wow!!! Jordan is makin a killin world wide lol!! RT : There actually was a line a both Nike stores here in Japan lol
YOU happened! Can I come over today?
Alas, totally swamped wrapping up 4 Next time yr in Chgo, would love to have coffee if time permits.
you guys better be on the lookout for 's new album. it's f*ckin' lovely :)
SAG Awards 2011: Best and worst dressed
if you had to pick a book to suggest what would that be? Go Ravens
Of course! Did your team go to the NRA event on Monday? ": Thanks!! See on Twitter Monday night!"
Head of the Legislative Reference Bureau said it was his decision to publish the collective bargaining law last week, even w/o Sec of State.
Time for a nap..
God I just want to retweet everything posts. LMAO
Thanks for sharing our latest news!
Hong Kong! Wow what an amazing time I had. Now I am off to Bangok! See you all next time (: #goodbye -- Greyson Chance ()
good job!:)
Hunger Games with Thanks for loaning me the book! ;)
yeah jim carrey is pretty good in that movie
Damn hillbilly ass skool,how you close a week early but don't tell nobody
OMFG Nina dobrev Said that she love my name!!! OMG love you Nina <3
#Eastboundanddown revving my engine
AMEN- and I am not even in Texas
#asksarah if I go to San Antonio on June 13 for my birthday you think we can meet up?
yay! I'm glad it did
A brand not responding on Twitter is like hanging up the phone on customers. With millions watching.
Wow! What a fun day with my newest geek out friends from the #Drifterverse!
I am officially old.... "Friends" will be on Nick
Originally, north of Longview. Spent a summer in Elgin. Attended Abilene Christian. Lastly, Fort Worth.
Can't wait for my breakfast Tuesday courtesy of
Right? But we don't want to go there. Trust. I've been to Hammond twice,both times under protest.
Be sure you read the "context" piece -> it was one person's opinion, not
4 more days for our "Name that Tune" benefit on Friday, November 4th at the historic Hudson Theater in NYC. It's... fb.me/16tlCPsFW
RT : To bend HC cost curve we must invest in prevention. Right now .80 of every $1 is spent on chronic disease.
Cammon LA! You can do it! Make the trades!
It is quite amazing how few people know how to get a cab in the city
I like this explanation better. They don't really stock a lot of female kits, apparently.
Needed those two points
I'm Libra! Yey!
Seeing clients in Gainesville, FL. I feel the rash coming. We'll be in Atl this wknd & close enough 2 Athens to expel any UF demons.
I wish I was enjoying black lager - musing on it then - but good Spanish #rioja now!
Go Lady!!!
Shelby County Mayoral Debate on children’s issues Thurs., July 15 from 7 to 7:30 PM on wreg.com & News Channel 3 Anytime! Please tune in!
Getting the house straightened up a bit while is off working out :) It's looking nice now that I have a place for my books!
Watching Eclipse with Tabby!
Can't wait to see what call Scott Foster is gonna blow now that it's the 4th quarter.
Happy Birthday stranger :p
Don't waste time, start making money from home!
you already have it?? ive heard it tops in rainbows??? what you think?
My chemistry teacher just told me I didnt finish her test because I hadn't looked at the problems enough to do them fast.Thats not relevant.
Wun hunnid. Seeya then RT : “: looking like 1 mane”>> alright I'll be here den I live in G-Field
Today is National Deviled Egg Day! It's always November 2nd. Time to rush home and boil some eggs...
Did really good!
Heartbroken...what a rough season for our guys
U R Amazing! I am so lucky to have an image consultant like you. :-)
tomorrow is my first day of school wa!
I don't think I've laughed that hard during a full episode of SNL since.... I can't remember. The scream sneeze killed me. I'm dead. RIP: Me
I am supportive of women but it's because they have done great thing w/their lives. They struggle & sacrifice. We don't need a time warp.
OKC again for a couple of magazine assignments with
Well that would explain why I didn't get paid... but what explains the "3-01" on my watch!!?!
Jack Zduriencik could say the same of Chone's contract. RT Chone Figgins: “I’m just not having anything to show for it.”
thanks for the RT bro.
nice hey
- "It's what you learn after you know it all that counts." - John Wooden
Decided to press through the pain and write my first book "CONSEQUENCES" by Yolanda Flournah-Perkins. Based on a true story!!!!
Hello all! Hope you are enjoying your learning :)
Finding a medium...settle for nothing. Im not content at all....
*zombies past* REGISTER RIGHT MEOW!! Library! Brains! Wristbands!
#2012ALC was a great conference and I'm proud to work for US too. Happy Anniversary!
Lubbock - an oven. with dirt.
what do you think this whole beef with iran is about the petro dollar survival on the global trade market
I accidentally said u instead:)
Time to wake up and get to Miller Park #Brewers fans. Never too early to tailgate!
New nickname Christmas slacker #ihave nothingdoneyet
Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) education/there is a high demand for great teachers/www.teach.com
Maan Im not a gangsta but I will pull the 9 if its necessary
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia. I can't sleep because I'm busy thinking about you.
#Blake #Lebron #Dwight just need to enter the dunk contest next season and bring excitement back
how if tomas moms there?
Hey! How are you? :)
In Missouri for a week chillin with some friends.
there is a sporting event tonight?
Keep it new. Keep it moving.
So excited to bring flipbooks to a graduation party at in June. Go Class of 2012!
Rahm, in his 1st spring as mayor, has neglected the old ways & proper sacrifices. Apparently there was a filing error.
Go Bucks!!!
Wally the Beer Man may work again for the Twins but it won't be selling beer, according to Twins managers.
I cast my ballot today for dodgeball. Only 24 hours left to register for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament!
what's mine? Lol
Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza.
now how many of you kids is there?
just had new burger and I will NEVER have another fast food restaurant's burger again-it would be cheating. I'm in love! Thx
sorry for your loss.
the greatest feeling is when im running with pure adrenaline and i dont have control of my legs, but i know im still moving full speed
instagram or it didn't happen
 HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE  It's a new year a new chance in life !
[Video]: You already know! is back!! And is better than ever!!
I was... Was poppin
I kinda wanna go out to dinner before first friday tonight... Anyone want to come with me and the pudger!
RPD are sending in another wave of riot police with flashlights blazing. So far still peaceful.
Creating your best 2012 (older video with great message)
hey guys im back from school i had an extra choir practice
Just got off a power call / Story Bridge Project coming to Oakland Public Schools May - Dec 2012 for African American Males
Send us photos of yourselves in your Okie Dope t-shirt! We'll post it proudly here and soon on the website!
so your out for a couple weeks lol?
working hard. Awaiting your return w baited breath.
going to finally watch the avengers today! ^.^
Wayne Rooney's ball control while running is horrible.
my anthem tho!!
Taped an interview today with Philippe Cousteau, Jr. about the mass Dolphin die-off near Peru. Catch in tomorrow on #CCTVAmerica. 9pm EST.
#ThingsThatINeed....For you to join the movement.
Playing Summerfest today @ 3. Come early for us, stay for Flaming Lips, De La Soul, Meat Puppets, Get Up Kids, Alkaline Trio, Britney Spears
I've realized today, that the accumulation of this aspect of my life's failures, means I must stop trying and "drink the coolaid;" Be alone.
Now following =)
thanks for the mention :) love your twittername!
. says shame on devolutionists w/regard to nat'l transit."I think of beer as the solution to our nat'l problems."
Work is moving forward with the new site. Can't wait to show it off once it's done.
#TwitterTwitterTwitter keep me awake please.
In School On My Phone Listing to Music nd Seeing Tweet's = AWESOME LIFE<3 :)ILYNickMara<3
EVERYTHING YOUR TELLING ME IS GOING TO COME BACK IT DOESN'T FEEL GOOD ON THE OTHER FOOT
See you at ! You can even ride your bike. is hooking us up with a sweet bike valet!!!!
click on their profile there is an unfollow all (boards) button under their profile picture. Then go back to your board & repeat
that would be hysterical!!!
Loving the life I'm living<3
hey there
Is that a noun?
Off in the night while you live it up, I'm off to sleep. Waging wars to shape the poet and the beat.
Tim Cook has a strong operational background, played a BIG role in retail expansion. I wonder what thinks of this.
I've worked under tougher conditions.
cool enjoy :)
Brian Shaw, the guy Kobe wanted originally?
April - There r some forms we cannot complete but plz emial me @ & I'll c how I can help. Thx!
I called my mom and she is bringing stuff. Thanks though!
Troy Renck on taking Rockies questions, tweet or call or email us your Rockies questions! 303-297-1510
interesting. Yeah I love them in the beginning then it's like a bad marriage as it goes on LOL
This bitch x her momma pissing me the fuck off forreal
she has to. Needs to. Hopefully likes to. And probably wants to!!
happy birthday lovely!!(: hope its amazing!!! Xoxoxoxo
WOOF! WOOF! WOOF! Go Lobos!
He tells me if I keep this up, I won't drive till I'm 17.. what am I even doing? I don't think he wants to drive me around another 2 years.
gabriel iglesias was at "alternate" night club and a man came onto him..n he called his girl like dont mess up i got options lol
OhYes! I can't think of much else aside from tomorrow's game.
And no I'm not an alcoholic lol ....!!!
Because watercolor actually moves on the paper, it is the most active of all mediums, almost a performance art. (Nita Engle)
ugh of course god I love Ihop. Red velvet cheesecake is my favorite of anything
had a great time tonight accompanying my friend tonight on his senior recital. Cool arrangements & some of my favorite musicians
ugh. Michael it's been proven that the ROMANS killed Jesus. Not us. STOP BLAMING US FOR EVERYTHING MEL GIBSON!
My iPhone's vibration has turned into a death rattle.
“: Could you guys imagine if George Bush had had a twitter” the most awesome thing in the world
Awesome. Just spotted a llama heading north on SW Broadway & Burnside.
If your future looks blur. Take the time out today to build a collage on poster board. (daryldorsey.com)
Yogurt and frosted flakes
please do not participate in a bill that you KNOW will not pass, it wastes time... compromise and get this done please
On the road back to #PDX after a fun-filled visit with the folks.
Just finished photo shoot.....BUR!!!
haha you slept through stairs pushups
Getting my MAC fix <3
How long will it take to make it?? i cant wait to see it:)
": George #Zimmerman to be released on $150,000 bond" That's 189, 874 bags of skittles!
I am texting as the local news talks about the downfall of society because of social media and communiction...I laughed and kept typing
How could someone let Drugs n Alcohol ruin their life? I seriously don't get it.
Fuck.. I'm guessing that I'm completely done w/ The Sims. It won't work anymore :( Dumb update is being a boob because of my internet -_-
Maggie Mulvihill: Democracy dies behind closed doors. Ur going 2 continue 2 hv lawmakers stuffing wads of $ down their bra if no1 is watchng
Had #PaulaDeen on in the background while I worked. Looked up as she took a bite of food. This has gotta be
I cried when I saw it.
The Rbloggers post is gold-- It's currently ripping around several CS/Public Policy labs at CMU--
True dat I hate cleaning up my room but at the same time I have to claen up at work.
Was hoping the baby would come today on 11/11/11. But I think she's gonna make me wait!
Do not look desperate when you're in front of Casting Directors. However, do look disease free.
where u @?
history in the making!
Reno we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Leadership doesn't come as the result of a title. It comes from a heart of service. And when they see your heart for them, they will follow
Ok so.. of course I'm rooting for the #Colts people so stop asking.... yes I'm a critic but I'm still going for the home team BUT.......
what's truly interesting is the hope we bandy about in thinking that redrawn lines equate any sort of political reform
thanks for the #FF :-)
Another reason to join BFC: member co-ops don't have big corporate salaries to pay. They really *can* pass the savings on to you!
Oh nice! what part of new york are you from?
this is the best pic of you thus far. so real.
I need to move out
After thinking about it game 3's lost was lavy's fault for putting Lilja on the ice.He should went with 4 defenseman in OT.
Got a concert goin on in my place staring ! Lol
#inmiddleschool I got played #inhighschool I got played in 9th and 10th, after that everything changed I was playing left to right.
Her husband was crazy but loved his face when he saw the baby. If I get a call to come to a home birth, I will hit ignore lol
Men's World Cup = most pop. sporting event in the world. Women's World Cup = now in Germany and no one cares. Come on people
Yeah I sure am. Stumbled upon that one in Lake Oswego.
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent"
Sic transit Gloria Gaynor: I will survive.
Who has two thumbs and is not going to bother watching the Pat crush the Giants?
When you live in a high-rise what do you do when your new neighbor's dog crawls onto your balcony?? o_O
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER.
you just inspired me to get up and write:)
Welcome to twitter, It is about time. Even though I am a Sox fan, How about a follow #GO SOX
hey its chris brown
Aww that's too bad :( I'll get everything out there that I can find for you!
I gotta say, I'm pretty surprised at the results of the Lugar/Mourdock IN republican primary.
Readying our new brochures. They are colorful and classy. Can't wait to get them out into the community.
That conversation. >>
yes - even a little positive feedback goes a long way
Writing-related resolution? Contact me to find out more info on my new packages for writers finishing novels and books.
Wats good twitter i ain't been on here & forever ...
Freaks and Geeks is a great show
Ryan Reynolds hello Wally!!!
Do you use Jing? Can you share what you love about it?
Made some snow cones today. They where delicious. Havn't had some since I was a little kid on field day. haha
Thanks for the mention.
you can't compare them!
Back from Dragon Con! What a crazy place.
i hart yoo bff. Youre my voice of reason :)
“: 1 hour and 10 mins til my birthday. #22” Happy birthday in advance for your king to be!
it's where Gary is at, you lose.
BRIEFLY: April 28
I was about to say what the hell?
Music is everyone's paradise because reality is just too much.
Haven't lost faith yet, and besides, it's only game one! We'll just have to do exactly what we did in round two! :)
Thx! They're popular here - already downloaded & sent GCRR photo.
Thank you. I'm glad you did. I know of Goodreads. I just couldn't find your review there. Can you send a link please?
Please take me off this page as admin. I want nothing more to do with you.
Wait, is that who "LovesChild" is?
Thanks, Steve. Looking forward to your tweets.
Listening to fly fm
love and thanks!
hope you're happy.
Tough loss for Duke, they'll probably fall to at least 6th or 7th in the polls.
I love and I well always well he means everything to me !!!!!! I'm crazy about him !!!! <3 <3 <3 <3
Hey! I just made two One Direction sets on polyvore! Tell me what you think. The links are on my profile page
cool me too :)
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Shutting the door, putting my feet up on the desk, and going to YouTube for some
yes very true
Sunday mornings are awesome. Sunday nights are horrific.
Thanks for sharing John's article from our blog The Lab Patrick!
Seriously I was just gonna ask a quick question.
Oh, I have to read again? Can't I just enjoy the gorgeous day outside?
To be honest, it's likely not going to be much. Bowden has good upside and Cubs think they can develop him
i'm given a new start with each new day...i must choose my tasks & the company i keep wisely
is listening to some Angus & Julia Stone and relaxing.
Love the #herewego commercial
threres no sun...
Seeing Hunger Games for the third time. Im so cool.
it never fails! lol
Made it home from Dallas. Wonderful weekend capped off by a super bowl win! Go Pack!
Nitey-nite, everyone. Time for a nap before waking in a few hours.
You can still come hang out :)
I am at the doctors idk wher them other niggas at
at Guero's, checkin' out Frank Smith. showcase.
It is bad that I am kind of excited to go to Buca's? I haven't been in forever and I love pasta.
Thank you pretty girl :)
3:15 pm. "Can I call you with my order in 30 minutes?" Me: "Sure. Leave it on my voicemail cause my phone is turning off in 15 minutes"
Ok, I love chocolate, you're making me hungry.
I've seen the sort of things that trickle down, and they generally don't include wealth.
I want retractable fangs
hahahah, thank goodness someone doesnt want me to be a lesbian!
What do you like most about attending film festivals
don't forget about extra credit!
Someone rushes up with a last minute award!
SAT word of the day: enervate (v.) to weaken, exhaust
thanks! questions I have and continually ask myself, and the singers and artists who pursue the craft with me!
New hand-crafted cocktails! Try our Fig Mescal Sour: Fig-infused mescal, fresh lime, fig bitters & egg white!
this insurance company is taking a long time to bind this workers compensation form. it's been over a week! starting to feel like a scam.
Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. -Ephesians 6:17
Those who actually know Chris Barron: can you confirm that he is the asshole he appears to be all the fucking time?
This shit is getting weirder and weirder everyday
God said He loves me? That's awkward. Tell Him I want to see other people.
When people bitch at you for no reason <
lol Hi honey :) no really its for the kids
Things are getting started at the HfH dinner! It should be a wonderful night!
Just 890 followers short of 1000...wait!...why would anyone care how many followers I have? Just how fatuous am I? Another day of Twitter...
Screaming Tuna should be up and running in the next week, from what we hear! Can't wait to check it out! Will keep you posted
woo hoo! Fingers crossed!! I'll check with u in the morning.
Thanks Sara. I appreciate that.
Having a great time at #astd10 , learned rapid prototyping of courses and agile workflow practices. Thanks Carla
If it ain't broke don't fix it. #Tribe is winning games & serieses. Let's not mess with anything right now!
I'm not big on talkbacks, but I wish we encouraged/allowed aud to just stay in the room longer post show
Shouout to she seems chill so follow her. :)
Keith Moorland still available to pinch-hit. :)
and u rip my terrost person 5 times :b
My Job Has 2-Ply??? Thank You Lord...
Did Tilly and The Wall sell a song to DayQuil? Everyone's gotta make money somehow I gues
#FF Please follow Have a great weekend
Hey hit me up with the DM I'm trying to get in touch with you lol
Hi Joanna, thanks for following back :)
Follow me:) Luv ya. U ROCK!! :D
I hope they're photos of my buddy Puddles. Can't wait. :)
can u ask Mikey if him and the Boyz would want 2 come back 2 Chicago sometime? And can I get a shoutout?
I dream all the time. Comfortable in my dreams. I dream that I'm still working. Was an R N for 38 yrs.
well why didnt someone yell that right away?
#VonChurch is currently looking for #network #programmers for #jobs in #Texas, #Vegas, #SanDiego and beyond
2 months b4 my new song comes out on hope a celebety loke c it
The notice is probably a good idea. I saw a lady on Sunday who sat in front of a fan then wondered why there was a draught.
NEXT WEEKEND. I CANNOT WAIT.
I wanna see a movie.
flight got delayed, on stand by....pray gotta see u n the morning
Wait, is now a hipster by association?
wow that must be annoying
Just got back from Panama - look for my next story (got a special video interview!)
My mom just told. Me I can't live with my head in the clouds
it's like baseball... this is the 3rd strike. I tried. America fails.
Listening to "Gotta" featuring It seems to capture everything perfectly.
Wow. Awesome #ImA commercial from Dr. Pepper. Well done!
She stands there unlit cigarette in hand filling up that empty hole with anything that’ll pour insides hanging out...
A few updates to the site... also, trying to get our web designer to help us update more easily and much more oftn. Several glitches lately.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
Nope. It's called an evolving view. I never called Romney a flip-flopper either.
Happy Friday to you! Rest of the workshop was amazing. Enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend in Boston :).
It's two diff plans but the same issue. Empl w/ pensions had to add 3%. The 11 to 5% impacts empl w/a diff plan.
Its Friday i wanna see not dead files. That show is a joke. That so called "mediums" acting is so embarrassing to watch.
I think oomf at me. Lolol
He dope, he might sell coke.
Closing in on opening day...set sail on Oct.11th & discover Off The Clock Bar & Grill
in discussion re business case for applying LED / LOD framework to geographic areas to accelerate effective economic dev: The Real Web
Floor shows are too much fun. I need to play more of these.
Let's be real ; Every black girls hair ain't fake . All white girls aren't easy. .Every yellowbone ain't cute & every dark girl ain't ugly .
Happy Thanksgiving to you as well. did you enjoy the movie?
Is it weird that I love #Playboy and wanna be Ms. November some day ^_^
Guess where Spo will be on April 5th?
About to set out on my third straight day of pub crawling
burned 103 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace"
Stoked to see how did on #TheVoice! She's an unbelievably, amazing singer.
Heritage leads Colorado Academy 6-3 at the half.
The only time I remember praying is when I was taking a test, and I kept answering C. "Please...please allow me to circle another letter"
Haha...no why? You run into a kevin shah?
you're so annoying
Hey there how you been buddy.! Did you see RAW Monday night ?
lol I don't think I spent the night on those days
Is Liberty University really paying for a banner ad on my OKCupid page? Because somebody is not getting their money's worth.
RANT:I can dig French Roast for what it is,but even so,always smells like fish.Would really make much more sense to be #Pike instead.
On a school night? : I love you, red solo cup. I fill you up.
Old Chris Brown songs >>> 👍💓
mo' money, mo' problems.
Lol ok cool RT: “: we're birthday twins! Lol I'll keep it in mind if we end up going out tomo :)”
my advice is always buy the cheapest camera body that does what you need
ain't that the truth n I do it not even tryn too..
anyway that a fan can possibly get their hands on one of those killer St. Patty's Day Seminole Baseball caps????
Thanks for sharing! If there are any Interests you'd like to see added in our categories, just let us know.
Think in detail of a turtles butthole. I'm so funny. You're welcome society.
No school(:
Our Exec VP Holly Smithson testified today in support of to the SD County Planning Commission- join the convo #cutgreentape!
I know what you mean. I could do without fall myself.
come see me!!
I love getting my first shot at a design approved.
Alcohol in mouthwash dries oral tissues. Dry tissues create more sulfur compounds. Sulfur compounds enable infection & create #bad breath.
Who all is coming to Tip a Tiger tonight?? Great cause and a fun evening!
Love creative ideas in #SportsBiz? Be sure to follow - He will be hosting a live Twitter Q&A at 10:30 CST on Tuesday!
The Artist? More like, I Can't Write Dialouge, ZOMG That Dog is Cute. Am I right ladies?
You order dessert. ;)
I wanna go in on it too! Book a studio session!
Stop it! You're adorable :)
lol In What Way
My friends >> your friends.
If u need hot beats hit me up! I got a ton of shit!
I have this cool logo design thing that I think would look great on a shirt, would you be interested in looking at it?
“: it wasnt bron, you got wade'd” ~ could it really be I got Bosh'd?
Watching IDOL MAKER right now. What an amazing film. I have seen it a thousand times and it gets me every time.
hey pastor Coco!!!! Your almost to 1000 followers :D
It was ok, when I first had it about 6 weeks ago. Looking forward to trying it now that it has aged a bit more.
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite longtime rock band? The Pepperoni Stones. I'd like to apologize for the aforementioned pun.
#Badgers on in 30!! Bar is filling up fast! Let's go Wisconsin!!
It's safe to say The Wrench is Card Country
Bro u are a fucking joke. Completely replaceable. Original stuff like posting that girls accidental pantie shot, what a joke
Mayor Michael Bloomberg is just a rich snob who gives out exclusive invites to people who don't deserve them to a party that's not his.
Rose torn Acl mean #Knicks v #Heat winner will make the #NBAfinals write it down! #doworkny!
I'm thinking it's nap time.
awe well you got a year left
new username
Called you
Washington Maker of Listeria Tainted Cheese Agrees to Stop Production
At work
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream...
I hate days where we are can't spend it together ;/
I think the next wave you need to catch is on my waterbed. JK, I haven't had one in years but it needed to be said.
Completely agree!!
i dare you to.
true, I just always get a kick out of it. Sometimes idk how they read their own handwriting. What is this about you & the stage?
my last tweet says I'm in football mode.
Group texts are a horrible idea because whenever you play the game, 6 people who don't understand the game text you asking who you are.
Eyes are bleeding from reading professional email with no capitalization or punctuation.
The NFL draft really doesn't start till pick 3.. everyone knows Luck and RG3 are going 1 and 2
Are we supposed to be INSPIRED by Kirk Douglas?
To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time...but we must keep on stepping." - Chinese Proverb
I would love recommendations! We will be in Libya for two weeks and Istanbul for three days. I am very excited.
Thomas Robinson is too timid. He has this compulsion to dribble when he gets the ball in the post. GET BALL -> JUMP -> DUNK.
Glamour Magazine says: "Hey, it's okay to hang on to those flowers until they're dust..."
Why do I have to wait so long for my burrito to cool? This is the 21st century, dammit.
SCHOOL TRIP TOMORROW WAHOOOO. lol jk it's just a field trip... moo
who asked u that? Lol
My fingers have dyslexia today, and it doesn't help I need to restart my computer so it freezes for a few seconds on occasion.
In civilized countries, they make manufacturers prove safety of drugs. You have a problem with that?
aw heart you Mark! : )
Boston Coupons 1 ridiculously huge coupon a day. It's like doing Boston at 90% off! www.Groupon.com/Boston
You're a doll ❤": Just got Don't Panic off iTunes for a mere 7.92$. You should too!"
time to wish on some airplanes
Happy March 1st!!! Drink Special: MINTY MOCHA (white mocha + green mint!!)
Because its NTFS. Ha
That guy that just got thrown out on the Lakers just wants attention...cuz no one even knows his name!!
Blames for my new obsession with Angry Birds
Iowa State kicked ass. Twas a good night!
Come grab a drink and food I'm behind the bar wih Kate!
My battery is dying! No please don't die! I'm gonna cry :'c
Shocked to learn that respected members of the #Boston tech community don't think there is much of an "energy scene" here. Where is better?
You should love QBO
that's what I'm saying. If they promote from within they can hire him. If they get just a new OC no riom
Diary of a Mad Black Woman
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. -Benjamin Disrael
This. RT They should invent gif buttons.
My Chargers finally got it together.
anyway i've officially given up on studying poli sci and i've accepted the fact that i'll be getting a two or less on tomorrow's AP test
Who wants ribs and a nice glass of red tonight?
Good session in Nags Head this AM. Nice to have a mid-week day off. called it!
I just want a real Bestfriend I never had a real friend before
Thanks everyone for coming out to celebrate our 2yr anniversary last night! Thanks & ^dr
I just want you to feel the same way. IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK? Oh, it is? Nevermind then
MSR only 90k of real racing, Gerrans won cause Fabian was 100% unselfish. Great Poggio, would have liked different winner.
Chris, thank you... 4 webby awards and 12 honorable mentions if we win.... not that I am counting or anything LOL
My version of being healthy banana with some nutella for breakfast
Well sitting here with Derek! Eating jelly beans! Soo cold! :c
Three little league baseball games = 100% chance of rain. That's how I roll. SMH.
O_o xD. Why thank you very much x)
Calanais is a 5000-yr-old stone circle & is much better viewing experience than Stonehenge
Please send good luck on STAAR tests. We are showing our students all of your good luck tweets.
jamming to 's Take Off Your Colours album. #sosick. come back to Cincinnati soon!
That's true. To some extent at least.
self-invoking funcs immediately create their own closure (function () {var dog = "Pomeranian"; alert(dog);})(); alert(dog); // Return undef
is the greatest. the end. also,
hey I gave you the marry paper right?!(x
I want to be a transformer
Either way, I don't want to see it :)
RT LibDems are to put more money into the #ChickensHospital, dam you unpredictive text that should have said Childrens
Happy Tuesday, Butterscotch tweeps! I hope the day is starting on a bright note 4 u - if not, change the tune! Namaste.
Nice! Yeah we're lucky! RT : jog then sprint then jog; my park is pretty big, this week the same, great weather too.
hahaha!!!!!!!! I might just drink hot sauce instead of water at pratice now lol
I wish I had all the answers
Watching some kid attempt to cheat the entire exam and barely answer any questions reminds me why I don't do that.
4 n e body doin music,got studio time cheap! @ a great location $20 a hour!real nice spot! hit me up on FB r TWTTER 4 MO info..1Shot
No the fuck he don't nigga! if we had a team he be here you here the voice? he still be out here with the real niggas making vids
hahah probably not, but i'm given some extra points to play around with each week which i may be able to put toward Umi
fantastic! Keep me posted. If I get the $$$, I'll let you know. It's a great script.
i don,t know who im talking to anymore everyone keeps changing their pictures once i get used to them by their pictures then its gone
Test results: so far, not a single spam bot has followed me! I gotta tweet about peanut butter more often.
Aw So sweet!!
Earlier this afternoon and I spoke with a class of students. Great dialogue, great questions and Great time!
Give my best buddy a follow. Currently works for and the Great organization, better people.
I went to rehab once.... All I got was a lousy T-shirt
packing and packing...off to Philadelphia I go in 15 days...what a change that will be!
lol I almost completely agree, minus the hate! Strongly dislike!
When every update reads "Life is great!" and "I love my life!" I just automatically assume that your life is a 24/7 living, breathing Hell.
and the countdown begins until June 19
As long as I'm alive, I'll keep my head up high. Because I'm strong in body, and smart in mind. - Run DMC, Tougher Than Leather
I DON'T HAVE TO SHAVE!
forreal... Haha yeah! We text each other all the time! Haha and I enjoy blowing up your phone! lol just take a picture(:
(cont) cuz im a drag queen or a female impersonater
Lol!!!! Love Foster! You're my chocolate foster!
thank you, I will :))
Time on Friday to give me a company update in Blacksburg?
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook ignorant fucks who never shut up
I commend you to Jack White's "Blunderbuss" with great enthusiasm, altho "Hypocritical Kiss" does borrow a bridge from Phillip Glass.
Way to stick it out USA women's soccer!
integrated assessment advances the reciprocal benefits of public scholarship -- believes it is a transformational element.
Thanks to for retweeting news about the Maritime Ghost Conferenec with her followers.
shout out to you! thanks for the follow! everyone follow her if you're cool!
Today is the last day to get a personalized Mother's Day bottle on sale! Check out our website for details.
Don't knock masturbation — it's sex with someone I love. can u believe a someone famous said that line but it true lol
An epic breakthrough to see his dad cry! I felt embarrassed for the g.mom's attitude WTF. Love the person first.
Fridays are my favorite days? Why? Because of #GhostAdventuresFriday :)
Today is not starting off well. Arrived at work 30 minutes ago with wrong set of keys.
thanks for the follow and support Steven glad you liked the apple check out
Did you ever have a chance to meet his dad, Jerry? He was quite the character.
Ha ha thanks! Me too!
#REGGAEpromoters / Mgrs. get your artist on-air in major US market (greater NYC) send music to On-air 16yrs! ~Selah!
please fool lol
So my boss bought me dunkin donuts for my birthday :D
I gave a homeless guy a ten that split in half, saying, "I don't know what to do with this..." to which he replied, "I do..."
's dev team is #awesome!
I was told that there's a 30 sec limit on Animoto, is that not true? That veterans ex looks great. Compliments to its creator.
"It's kind of like sex, one thing leads to another." - My mommy's response to my sis & I trying to get more piercings hahahah
I started Benlysta a couple of weeks ago. Have my 2nd infusion Thursday am. Good luck!
Nothing fucks up your friday like realizing its only tuesday.
Looking forward to #LSCon this year.
Mourning the disappearance of Lenny's Sandwich Shop from Prince George Street.
I've been touched by an angel. (a homeless guy named angel)
Hey Maine librarians - I'm heading your way next week. Can I stop by and visit? Show me your cool stuff!
#genomesolver #curenet paul allen, discussing avian knowledge network (AKN) and how to think about data to be collected
A little deadmau5 on the way down to the strip.
Reason people use hand sanitizer: 5% of the time to actually clean your hands 95% of the time because it's there
Staci, we absolutely care. We have to clean the parking structure to clean winter's salt & sand so it is clean for our travelers.
Couch, Dinner, PJ's and the
Even the sun sets in paradise
Its cold asf.
come on its funny!
it's not bad lol wby? :)
how tall are you
Sadly, yes. So wanted to be there. Miss seeing you......and so many other great folks
Just saw and fell in love with The Myth of the American Sleepover. Really GREAT movie!!!
is kind of like my fantasy football league, Owners whine and complain when they cant get their ways
says stories about he and mayor bloomberg being at odds were "overblown." says he has always had a "close personal relationship"
Gonna totally bring it against in Letter Carrier Olympics!
are you willing to share your recipe? Also are they high in protein?
Great first day!
Preparation + opportunity = luck
#Conserving at #StirOSU now.
Excited for to appear on with on ! 920am! Tune in now!
#CSOMozartBrahms Contest: First to answer correctly win! What was the last piece of music Mozart composed?
Dont forget to mention the acting roles you managed to get as a white man despite your color.
Up and playing the GMYH teaser, wow,I didn't dream this after all!!!
that doesn't at all sound like something our swaggering cowboy preznit GWB (who everyone hated, remember?) would have said!
I'm pretty much lost in all this thing.
Merry Christmas to everyone on twitter, this has been the best christmas for me:)
Sort of a simple digital shoebox - drop any digital resources into a custom collection for sharing and display.
Next time! I'd love to.
Huh I hate Lamar page is private
Can't wait for midwinter break!!!!
He's Just Not That Into You. Any of you =]
I'm think my room may need to be cleaned today before it turns into the after math of WWII.
STOP This SOPA and PIPA bills!! We would all be in so much trouble if it passed.
Students may have "limited writing skills" but "maximum expectations
Make content motivate & enable performance/ transfer of skills by answering: "What's in it for me?" and "Where can I use this?"
I'm going to try that right now.
We are giving away tickets to see Boots Electric tomorrow at on Sunset. Retweet this message to enter!
RT : When I grow up, I wanna be Kate Beckinsale. She's flawless in anything, including tonight.
after party at ;; dinner
That's the one I kept it on. :) I think I like it better.
YES YES YES
She's a lady and ladies shouldn't be messed with!
follow me plz i return the luv:D with shout outs!!!!
finds religion horrifying and disgusting in a particularly sexual way tonight. There's no way he could explain it to you.
thanks to everyone now following us on twitter.. we're updating content to our website, so stay tuned!
I appreciated the zombies and survival scene in this last episode of #TheWalkingDead but the reason Y it even happened was so silly
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
Life keeps getting better
Never give up on your dreams.
My Mama Really Got me sitting in school like this? -___-
I'm fairly new...why is it unacceptable?
How about pancreas? ;-) RT I like elk meat
that's fucked up messin wit ur time and money they need to put shit to aside for bizness first grow up
your welcome.
what is more of a subjectless object than a corpse? Lauro
RT : KC! Billy, Brian, & JD from BPL are playing w/ their old band The Creature Comforts Thurs night @ Record Bar w/ 10pm!!!
♪ Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone ♪ F**k You by Lily Allen
I am so exhausted.
I see u on the basketball team nd yet u a dunking...
More locations to come!! As soon as I have them, I will let you know!!
#followfriday hello new followers!
I love taking over the jukebox with my selections everytime and now the house is rockin and heads bobbin
Wow! John Kruk is bigger than steel pole in Fenway.
Great signing day so far! Getting things ready for the official press release and announcement this afternoon.
Everyone on our block has been robbed by the same dude in the last month. Im mentally preparing to let him know people dont use cash anymore
Nice post. Firing readers can mean firing up your niche, too.
Finished watching The Vow :) Totally perfect.
All Natural :)
Let's walk it up the floor with 7 seconds left. Incredible...
Streptococci help plaque to form. Plaque makes a home for infectious bacteria. Kill the strep & the bacteria. Learn more at: www.closys.com
Having a really good day/night #thankGod :)
not to most, cant wait to finish our series tomorrow
Now it's down to 2 degrees. no wonder i was so cold when i went out to get the mail!
just thought of you, how's FL?
was this morning at 8:30. Went fine.
She'z with us everyday! ": Thinking About My Aunt.. ..R.I.P. "
About to attend the #HBR webinar by called #MakingtheMostofOurIrrationality. Neuroscience x Marketing
A pee, pooping, sleeping, eating machine. that is my dog
Thank you health care benefits people who made a mistake that is going to cost us about $5k. I am so excited.
Is it still called "leadership" if it's really just "cronyism?"
the wink by Neal McCoy
Hey, hon! We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
": equal to gaulking the shaft" FINALLY someone got the mispell joke!!!
And you may ask yourself, "My god, what have I done!?"
Surprised to not see any of my #smbmad friends here at #SWMadison! :(
Definitely. There are a few other older b-boy documentaries and some other new ones coming out. Check them out if you can!
Thanks Sophie!!! :) on my way to South Carolina to join the army!! ;)
This dude was like, "my penis is getting tracked down by the FBI can u help me hide it?" Eww.
QoTD: "Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped." (African Proverb)
I don't think I feel like school tomorrow
Did Not Wanna Get Up... I Still Was In Da Bed
Me too....hope u r felling better! :-)
I feel the same about you! I'm so very proud of you! Keep living the dream!
How do u balance being an artist & _______? Fill in the blank & share ur experience.Tweet back or email
Also, don't forget: "Buckwheat is dead! Here's how it happened."
Once u give up the gods that have been given to you, you find the ones you really need
Hey hit me up RT : S/O to Luqman !
I am so tired. The last place I want to be is at this stupid ass school.
ugh. I hate her. I have a B- in her class too. SHAAATT :( maybe someone will be nice & bring us chipotle? ;)
Thanks to all for making the #HOL a success at #VMworld. Especially those taking lab10!
Finally caught "Happy Feet" on TV. I love penguins. I love musicals. I LOVE tap dance. Did not love that movie. Not enough happy.
he's the best
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet. Horton Hears a Ratchet
The thought of you makes the thought of me so much better.
u deserve it Ana. Maybe wr cam do lunch sometime.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT YOU HAD UNTIL ITS GONE
M, chocolate chip cookies r the best!!!!!!
#Imhappywhen i see glimpses of the old ron artest
You only live once-but if you work it right, once is enough.
Please pray that God will speak through Phil tonight as he speaks before the Jesus painter!
not nice! But so funny.
where are they boarding at? A bed & breakfast?
Hope you guys stumbled across some great treats on Record Store Day!
I love the drama.
needs a social network to coordinate all his social networks...
OK - Kip just sent you over a quick email! Look forward to hearing from you! :)
Good news: It seems that Whole Foods has a new storebrand hummus and it tastes SUSPICIOUSLY like Sabra (but for 1.99)!!!
Nearly all of my listening these days is informed by the four pillars of Godflesh, Neurosis, Brian Eno, and The Bomb Squad.
Holy cow...all #TheVoice finalists are amazing!
go to extreme rules and challenge brock lesnar. beat his ass for the chip.
Follow us on Facebook! Supertonic String Quartet- become a fan!
Great pt RT A5 Declining ratings due to increasing trend of ppl using mobile/tablets. Eyeballs still there
Chilling w/ & Neisha :)
Been Poppin bottles an Rocking Jay's ! " HOOD GENERAL'$ "
No Blink-182 @ Bamboozle but you can still see the best act coming to the festival;
Learning is a breeze in this class
Within five years you'll be a national authority.
My new BG is credits to !!<3
This game!
I like ... “: Life is too short to worry about the little things; enjoy what you have today, not what you might get tomorrow.”
's little personal vendetta/crusade against Andy Pettitte is the most entertaining he's been.
Thanks for the #FF Have a great day!
I hope aint mad at me, BUT IM DEAD TIRED 4REAL lol ;)
Halfway to Africa by now RT : can I have #Thunder Western Conference Finals Champion gear????
Please don't pretend to know me if you don't; I wouldn't do it to you.
I include the hashtag #truth in my tweets, does that mean they're automatically factually correct?
Killer headache... not ready to go to work and deal with bogo...
April Fool's Day pranks? Go!
A TV commercial for Internet Explorer??!! Give up #Microsoft nobody wants IE.
Melo is playing like a monster today
Time to decide what to plant in the garden this year. Nothing better than truly fresh veggies in the summer.
i followed yay
How would you fare if the SSI system went broke?
see my blind with anger tweet regarding alternate methods of travel better than my last flight with Spirit. A pogo stick to UK?
#HappyMothersDay to all the Mothers out there
ALL YOU TUCSON LOCAL BANDS!! LETS SETUP A TURKEY BOWL FOOTBALL GAME! DOWN?
o lol my bad. Its weird cuz I cant retweet ur tweets.. What city are u from?
thanks for RT, Carl! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving!
Sitting in this room playing Russian Roullete. Finger on the triger for my dear, Juliet.
oh..I thought you dropped it in the cereal again! Well charge it! or dm me your house phone numbah,if you wanna tlk still
ok-figured it out. Can I still blame an education of wholly handwritten exams (1st time on internet post-uni 1999!) for my technostupidity?
oh okay thanks fam!! appreciate it!!
We all fear the unknown.
But they won't beat okc next round
There are only 2 people in the nation left with perfect brackets. WOW.
Thank you Amb. O’Keefe for sharng your thoughts on public service w/ our #Muskies during our Talk to an Expert webinar series!
This time last year I graduated from #UIndy. Doesn't even seem as if it's been that long.
