WOW blast from the past. Bulletproof Scratch Hamsters -> Bulletproof Space Travelers. had em both
I can't get our new song out of my head.
looks like I won't know until Tues/Wed. :-(
Will be out of town during the at Drat! Such is it.
Inexplicably missing next verse, "and they shall demand a hundred forms and find some excuse to refuse every request"
Welcome to Cleveland Kyrie!!
RT : The shame of it is that ... Mourdock, has been allowed to turn statesman "into a dirty word."From HuffPost:...
Unless that advantage is clearly earned, which is why regular season scheduling must be the sport's top priority, hands down
Yes! Its been too longRT : um Amy this where u can take me:)
Have arrived in Jakarta for congress. The team on the ground here is so impressive. Going to be a great week!
#Denver #Nuggets on a 18-6 run!! Playing well since catching the #Grizzles. Nice work!!
about to get a Nexus S Google phone, finally able to have a real smart phone...goodbye blackberry.
The Clippers Lost. Woohoo!!! 😂😂😂(Hits the Dougie) My night is complete.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
- I wonder often who actually says "woot" I see it in print and can't ever bring myself to say it...
no i think it was called talk that talk
he bodied QP.....like my dude that battle was unreal...smh.. QP McDonald's is hiring Everywhere.
I can feel my brain slowly malfunctioning. Must be time for bed.... Or time to watch another episode of merlin? #relax or #sleep ??
Everyone needs money. That's why they call it money.
Champions aren´t made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. -Muhammad Ali
was he jamming with deerhoof?
reruns are great. New episodes in the summer.
Updated Smart Grid Summit program now available on www.iqpc.com/us/smartgrid - includes new sessions with Intel, Bluebonnet and more!
Off work today,,, i might take me out to eat
'Home Ministry wants to belittle states, treat them like pawns on chess board ... - NDTV
thanks for tickets on 88 and 117
Wonder who she gets that from?
Curious press release from MKE Co Board. Is there a reason why they omitted Sup. John Weishan? Is worried about competition?
YES, I can hear you. I just DON'T care what the hell you're saying.
Beautiful day! Sun.
im trying, ok?
Listening to the blues right now....
thanks man!
Trying out Qik on my iphone!
Don't even give me a good enough damn reason? Wow,
#Expert Search Processed: #OnlinePayment System - Theft of Funds - Lack of #DueDiligence (Contact re: Electronic Funds)
We arrive tomorrow! We'll definitely keep your suggestions in mind. Thanks!
haha do it ur not down!
My BEARS are putting on a clinic against the Falcolns... So are they the real deal or does ATL suck?
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love
Tuesday's words of wine wisdom...RT : Whenever a man is tired, wine is a great restorer of strength. ~ Homer
hey u
you too?!
Belated thanks to , , & for the #FF shout-outs!
Even though it quotes a tweet of mine where I spelt "cymbal" "symbol."
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. -Flora Whittemore
This lady behind showing OUT!!
For once I have heard cuss! Hahaha omg that was awesome xD
I can't even tell what that is. Did you take that with your Lytro, or just by accident?
Tigers back and you know what that means
Ok baby this your dick you can ride it anytime you want
thank you :)
Do you have to be Jewish to work at a challah bread factory? Jobless not Jewish.
Because it's just not the way nature intended it! :P
thanks! It is specially nice to get a compliment from someone in the know
follow please? :D
#prettyprogressive is on a hiatus for the holidays but will be back next year with all new shows!! Stay tuned for details...
that is a whole lot of talk
Got some killer designs done the past couple days! Loving it
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every day-day?
north Richland hills
Watching Love it or List it on #HGTV has me thinking...if I ever marry I'm making my husband live in a separate house.
I need to clear my head, life is just too much at the moment
Watching the office hell yeah
not much. Still working in vegas. And being bored and sticking hooks in my skin.
RT : #ThingsThatIWantToHappen to live a normal life with my family in one piece.
running late, i shud be there. Late #OChi # peoplessummit
old school,nice!!!
asking for one raisin & a glass of diet water in a drive thru.
Its a beautiful day today. Hope everyone is actively enjoying it
Up now, Cooke.
Doesn't seem like it but apparently weather is bad enough to keep on this runway in the airplane for 3hours.. Arghhh
up too early im finna go back to sleep
me too(:
I'm doing pretty good. how about yourself?
In 2nd place is Hide Yer Pitch (Hide Yer Wife) - 2nite, watch
where in Texas?
's pricing strategy makes no sense to me. Why mark up in-store prices 30-45%? Don't you want customers to come in and impulse-buy?
Good Morning! Thanks for the #FF :)
slightly afraid of the vocabulary that bird is going to learn.
Finished reading The Blind Side. Thoroughly enjoyed.
thinking of you and your grandma. xo
Orioles at Blue Jays worth watching due to uniforms alone.
that's understandable...we've all been there. Just try to remember life is a gift and just live in the moment
Tell him he can start with his country's own archives. Genealogists have horror stories about trying to get dox out of Moldova.
#Raw is missing his balls
I suppose you could argue Tiger Stadium was the main reason to attend #Tigers games in the late-90s. Especially the final season.
yes I do i dated him for a month duhh
I was at the Sen. Feinstein luncheon a few months ago. You handled all the questions given to you so well! Check out our FB Page!
I'm probably going to look like shit the rest of the year. I could care less what I look like now. No need to impress you fuckers.
Checking in @ Pre Golden Globes party @ Silverspoons on Sunset. Feels like Cannes crowd w/ a little Hustler mixed in, which is x the St.
There are days when I want to rebel & say, fuck it, I'm not going to go get waxed & plucked like a chicken.
i love you please follow me!
Beautiful day out! Eating a nice sandwich n having a cafe at Mama's Deli in Corona!
The battery in my phone is piss poor. Piss. Poor.
#Greatnessis paying it forward
okay me too thanks anyway
The 20 new artists in 's #mystere fit right into the high-flying action! New trapeze and tissu acts were spectacular.
next thing I know, you're gonna want to pass on Loe vs. LHH too.
haha your name is hilarious!!!
Sunday, Oct 25, 2009, 8pm THE ART OF BLEEDING @ CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE FOR ABNORMAL ARTS Los Angeles (North Hollywood area), CA. Live show 9p
Where are you going that they still serve food?! - Alex G.
the fact you said 12 though ahah. 'cause most mexicans do have a lot of kids. .__.
blehh haha yeah you definitely know it! :)
The zone
Wishing my pool was open-another day in the 80's!!
I love how God will give us the things we desire while using us to fulfill his purpose.
#SometimesIWonder life...will it take me under? i dont know? 'Nas voice'
The biggest jerk of them all is the Knee-Jerk, a person who react to situations hastily (usually in poor taste) with little regard.
Of course! We recommended you in our late night #FF :)
matt you have #SWAG love you, you need to do a twitcam like english time :') mi amor <3
RT Thanks for the shout out Brianna.. Get a $.99 Gentleman Jack tonight... Cheers!!
YES for the words of support! So much love!
Yes, I would expect that more balls will hit his face than his glove.
Just got watching on SportsCenter! Nicely done!
hey for the final draft of the research paper do you need to turn in your first draft too?
#WhatGetsMeMad when I don't appreciate things I have until I lose them.
haha! U kno I'm not tht friendly so I thnk most of were scared to say til now lol. (They r dumb tho...)
Wanna sleep and eat at the SAME DAMN TIME
pleasee followww ;) love your display picture;)
well then he a hoe. :-P i swear i was black in a past life LOL
Watch out conservatives! Your body is full of free "radicals" Combat a "radical" body! With 17 fruits n veggies in a pill. Tweet4info
yep, he did a great job- most of the players played very well; just a few big mistakes really hurt
The LA Kings....wow. 8-1 in the post season. Amazing forwards, but this is all a credit to Quick. Incredible.
Done deal for tomorrow :)
☼ Tis the most tender part of love each other to forgive. John Sheffiel
The company was generating some leads from its website, but the bulk of customers PMG acquired came from word-of-mouth referrals
Have you visited to #OGStudio? Tell us about your experience!
I'm so tired of dis .. Better for me to be left alone..
like now!
Can't get to the gym because mom is parked behind me playing video games and wont move til she loses. It's been 45 minutes.
Well done!
I seriously would date Selena Gomez. Would she date me?
thanks for following :)
I want Bill Miller tacos this morning but I'm broke and NO FAST FOOD FOR ME. 😔
Internationally Acclaimed Marketing Expert Offers Updated Tips For Utilizing Humor to Reach Patients on an Emotional ...
So much fun! It's going to be a great read! <3 RT : Intervierwed by for Bloog post soon!
I've been assigned to cover Rick Perry tonight.
shut up u did
Referred to as “Border Crossing Card Violator” these individuals enter the United States migrate via illegal entry
Wow, that is quite a different story with the eggplant and no dialogue. Thanks for the link.
Happy New Year! I want to thank all of your patronage over the last year, and we look forward to making it a great 2012!
Money cars hoes sleep hoes money money money sleep money money hoes and that's my schedule lol
I'll come to your news house and burn it before you move there.
I Love You To Baby:)
Colts new quarterback is Andrew Luck even though i'd rather have Peyton Manning still here..i'm gonna be behind the Colts No Matter what
Preaching from in ipad
Lets go
FAT TUESDAY every Tuesday Join us for Fat Tuesday's @ One Up drink specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special !!
I say yes!
wow that was super corny! How is your stomach?
Hey y'all I almost forgot, the #bigmoon is tonight. and I'm not talking about my big fat ass either! #LMFAO!
Very excited to follow the networking blog. Thx for tweeting about it!
Dear Uncle Rush, My book is a unique idea....www.pythonthriller.com much appreciation.....God Bless
Oh good! Mine's been nice, relaxing, just sort of hanging out :] About to go to lunch with my 2 GreatGma's. I'm stoked. Ha :]
Ever notice how many self-proclaimed #writing gurus (screen / prose) have never been produced / published? Still want their advice?
Chicago-area home sales jumped nearly 21% in November compared with the same period last year, according to a new report...
Shii if you gas em up enough they'll fall in love and wanna keep you foreva so... a whole will be poked haha
Yea man! Yea I heard that track on Rootiful! Dope shit! That's why I asked if you wanted to be on a track/s!
who is this boyfriend Missy?
#ThingsICantLiveWithout well it's more of a person than a thing..but it's & :)
so I can have someone to yell at :)
you are a trooper! Thanks for braving the cold! You are just the person we are looking for!
stinky gringo margaritas!!!
Does anyone have an idea how many people are already using Twitter?
Using CINAHL like a pro. Thanks !
#RumorHasItThat I'm going to bed after I finish this cigarette.
Bad Apple Store experience today. Geniuses? Maybe they know their stuff, but no excuse for rotten customer service.
Im looking for songwriters
his name is lazo, n he owes me a toke up
you don't bring sand to the beach!!!
We just completed a big round of rewrites today and the script is getting closer to being production ready!
cause we all like to party
we all were jumping & screaning when peter opened the door ! LMAO ! XD
Thanks for the Sweet reTweets!!
WANT U BACK. Cher Lloyd Is Epic
Stilt Walkers, 5+ Bands, Hula Hoopers & more @ the FREE! Station North Block Party Sept 24th @ #betascape thanks to Joe Squared et al
Let's do that.
You'll be excited just to see me one day
« The Zooey Deschanel Siri commercial is a lot more inspiring if you imagine she's been blind since birth.»
Iyad Sawas, welcome to the team. We are looking forward to having your team on board.
Id say it back to u.. If u felt righteous underneath me~ if eat it like a bday cake.. Come on Kreayshawn~
and weren't you the one taking pictures on your computer of the creepers behind you haha
Love remembers us when we forget that we can do anything with it or without it, yet with it we will enjoy what we do.
Here at with answering the phones for donations for kidds kid. Call me at 1-888-SWA-KIDZ. Let's make it happen.
STAY AWAY FROM ELI BITCH!!!
I wonder if actually shook his head or if he just put that :\
Kickoff at 5pm
-I rarely tweet but im loving this Sat. in my bed; &for a big tip my stylist comes to my house.. going to get glamorous in my pajamas..
When people ask me if I'm working hard or hardly working, I like to stab them with a pen and ask if they're hurting hard or hardly hurting.
I've ate everything and anything this past week while I've been home. Coming back to ROC really plump...
Good point!
Hail i'm a superstar...
Happy Easter my loves!
I hear the storms coming... Be safe
we got super shy !!! Sorry ! Lol
These self-deprecating tweets brought to you this afternoon by a day full of thinking too hard about everything.
I'm 95 percent sure I can still criss cross
dont date someone who cant trust in you.
man how I have missed you Twitter.
I'm fighting for the right to party right now.
all of what he did to her he videoed on her camera and like he did the same to her as Megan and then he put her in like a barrel
thanks:-) send.a link
but guys i have a 4 day weekend.
you know it!
Teachers Texting Students: Should Schools Ban Or Encourage? - Huffington Post
Dog pellets. Fred Willard makes me think of dogs.
I'm staying up til 11 because of criminal minds... oh the things I do for this show
wen do u guys usualy restock ur iteams? i just bought NuBrilliance but it was outta stock so im wonderin wen i wil get it
lol, trying to keep a low profile for as long as I can ;)
I love Thanksgiving! I'm still getting some leftover turkey in my dog food and I am not complaining.
That is hilarious!
Hipsters are to main stream for me.
you mean my gallimaufry of words? > RT : PLEASE don't use that in your book lolol!!
in fairness, your game is predictable and one dimensional. Why wouldn't a color commentator point it out?
RE sales card in the mail today ! How does it feel? Like I'm finally working for my second business.
Thanks, will do. I can't be any other way....Adjusting to losing an excellent asst principal-he retired.
Have you made any films already? Anything we can see?
Best inning ever!
my email:
Relationships are the key to success in the social era. #magnet 11
isnt gonna follow me today, i just know it. ive tried for over 2 years now :(
Damn, you beat me to it...
These chics 12 deep at da liquor store rack.n up on drink..... they say there having a girl night at da W no guys allowed.... Haha
#Madonna's new song makes me want to plug my nose, close my mouth, and then exhale with enough force to explode my ear drums out of my face.
Saw Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Silverback Joe approves.
don't deny the truth.
that's pretty legit writing xD! were did you get that pen :O!
Loved your Lego Man post :)
is looking for a kids non-profit health org to donate our kids fitness devices, 123GoTV. Please contact us for more info.
Still life Nightclub and Ultra Lounge Grand Opening Party Saturday April 14th Doors Open at 10pm The Biggest Party in NC is Finally Back!!
just heard a little bird whisper "February First."
Nasty westbrook, just nasty.
Why do I even have draw something on my phone anymore?
lol the box is pretty much empty at this point
Here's to a good show with at
“: Eichel is a Chelmsford native. He had narrowed his choices down to BU and BC.” Kid's clearly not a fan of titles
$2.50 Burgers & $2 Beers from 4pm to close At The Goat!
Best thing about March is all the madness!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 100 ❤
It was a great day one at #ABCA in Anaheim with some great Mexican food at Tortilla Joes. Table side guacamole was the best!
i officially hate first shift and it hasnt even started yet. blehh.
I wish you would just tell me.
Good fabulous morning gorgeous!
I just ordered that book from Amazon an hour ago. Weird?
it's the wrong trousers, gromit - and they've gone wrong!
you did awesome! Thanks for not messing up my graduation
hah then i think i rember u, man i wish i woulda said h, u think ur gana go to the one in nov? btw isnt chachi so short!aha
Damn , came home from work to find out the Miami heat got 20 peaced ????
You do realize the authority will not give a single fuck about you.
Damn tell me y this chick wig just came off. Now that's an embarrassing moment. Everybody in the airport got that face like WHOA!!!
what app are you using ?
Yes! RT Couldn't agree more! RT : Hashtags I can get behind:
lol. i been sober for a long time. lol. going to AA meetings and everything.
Thanks for the heads up. The link for key settings will be fixed immediately!
At the miranda concerT omg its gonna be so much fun!
I still feel as it the article crosses a MAJOR line and it attacks a race of people thru its women
When you lose something... It just means one thing: You deserve something better. :
don't you mean girl passed out in your bed?
Today I'm also looking 4 projects 2 highlight re: development/placemaking/preservation/rehabs/affordable housing in Mps/St. P. Suggestions?
I didn't receive your request at all my friend
I plan to soon!
*blushes* Thank you :)
why are you in the Wild Wild Wex?
smh @ my slick ass baby daddy
and the bad will include making your pm break out in a nervous sweat
: God did not ordain the cross of Christ and the lake of fire to communicate the insignificance of belittling his glory.
Hey Michael, I have a Java/ADF/JDeveloper position withe the State through end of Dec. Are you avail?
thanks- great team. Classy to the end.
is writing songs again. Whoohoo!!
He's so perfect? Psh never that.
We agree RT : Education is important rung in American opportunity ladder. Must work 2 keep college affordable.
Going off the grid: power is out in our 'hood, conserving cell battery. Candles, a fire in fireplace, snuggle with DH AND LM under blankets.
Help progressives win by voting for #SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech award
Anyone know where to get art supplies these days?
LOVE HAS MULTIPLE MEANINGS
Stupid cat
You're a TA right? I thought it would be fun...
how freaking cute“: Thank you, big head!!! Love you too!!! RT : happy mothers day love u”
Sometimes I watch cartoons to remind myself life doesn't have to be so serious.
Cant fall asleep watching #guycode off dvr..
Old age is nothing to worry about, except if you're a cheese
wow, I have 101 followers, thank you everyone!
Bring me a plate
m its so hot outside, my taste buds are screaming for gelato!
Except the apple was removed RT : it's like a baby's arm clutching an apple!!!
So much pink and white and chocolate candy
Do you know what I mean when I say " Mommy Meltdown"?
I am honestly scared for whats gonna happen to Cas and for the entire finale of Supernatural.....
That #foreveralone moment when your sitting in your room while is talking to here
Studio flow,,,,, real lyfe ent.... (paperwork)
BIG church group just rolled on through.
Speaking of new places to publish, download new issue to see piece from !
Lets go #Santana #Mets we aint gonna win em all but we gotta win series
thnx for the follow ...
glad to hear you are home and safe. I will make sure Jerry gets your email. Peace
Nice! I see some good stuff from !
Fantastic Follows
Season Two's Wednesday nights at is sold out! There's still space on Mondays and Tuesdays for the second season of...
Haha yup we did :p
From today, we'll tweet a recent or noteworthy addition to Academic Commons daily. Get inspired & deposit your own research!
hubby & I married on 9/27/09 too! : We met on the 27th and got married on the 27th so the 27 vases is for our special number
Way ahead of their time...
Just had a 12 hour art binge hell yea
According to it's National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy. I'll be doing my part by not having sex with a teenager.
omg. I died doing 5 today in this FL heat! Ugh
Congratulations to California hockey players (DU) (SCSU) and David Gandara (AIU) on their recent college commitments
Why do people keep talking about Amber Cole!? Drop it already!!
awe my poor husband, went to get his hair cut (trimmed) took a photo w/ him & came back looking nothing like it. Cut waaayyy to short :(
S/O to my new followers & the others.... 2 lazy to put the names!
tomorrow is Record Store Day. get off your buts and go buy some records!
best of luck.
Omg, stop being a Toucan Sam stan~
#ThoughtsWhileRunning *When am I gonna stop*
Preach RT : Don't nobody want a needy ass women who don't bring shit to the Table
After watching MLB post-season today. The comebacks by Phillies and Rangers may be harbingers of things to come.
Doing homework by candle light
Ha! I *almost* rode the bus, but grabbed car keys in case speedy getaway to deliv room is needed.
What state do you live in? Also I wish my ChinaTown had kpop merchandise but sadly I can't find any :(
Marshall-ism of the Day: When you truly desire change, your conscious mind chooses the positive, new action.
At work and feeling ready to doze off...so sleepy me :(
You see the dude that owe you 100 bucks on the fight and he dont have ur money ready..... He gonna get
Wait, I have been packing. This is happening too? SUCK IT, ALL THAT IS SOULLESS, DOUCHEY AND WRONG IN BASKETBALL.
Early holiday gift from FX: the announcement that 'Justified' is returning Jan. 17. So stop swooning and toast them already!
nah i went yesterday. he did amazing as usual but the fans i wanted to hurt them all
My dad just had me on the floor laughing by those txt guess, he doesn't like the Obamas too? another inherited trait ;)
Pretty sure the runner in me has add, whenever its nice out hes like SUN, LETS GO RUN RIGHT NOW
I'm gonna go with Colombia on this one Mr Trebek.
"Deep in the meadow, under the willow. A bed of grass, a soft green pillow. Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes."
that'll look nice. Have you considered chocolate
... I do like wild life
Mr. Obama is the man.
Just wanted to name a few of my
*catches it, puts it in pocket * Goodnight
it's about time you followed me, yo. sheesh. hope you guys have a great Thanksgiving!
highly doubtful bc that ain't u
I'm hoping Cory is safe driving home right now.
Thanks girl! Post them on too if you remember the password =P
they are so annoyiin
yeah! I saw your check in on foursquare but I didn't see you. Did you love it? Everything we had was so yummy!
no D:
No prob bud just get that b day crackin!! Lol RT : aw thanks B-man! I appreciate the love!
I take too many notes 📝
It's a sign Patriots are going to win the super bowl!
Sign your TEAM up now for the GREEN HILLS STREAK this coming Wednesday at 7. Winning team takes home $300!!!
Letz be honest ...BET is #Dead and it really hurts me to say such a thing
well thats not bad
My app isn't letting me see friend's paths. Anyone else having this issue?
hope you enjoy! :)
Oh man! Our super deluxe, extra special PR 3.0 with is little more than an hour away. Hope everybody can make it!
Pamala always liked my loud smile!! Think she still does! =D An awesome friend with a huge heart!!
I wont lie - that ball rolling into the logo at the end is amazing...
I wonder if there are anymore colors left to find. What if the colors that we all know arent the only ones out there?
Judging by the traffic still terrible at 9:30, I guess school started everywhere today.
More #FF for who was always Workin' For The Weekend: and especially Love 2 U all
thanks :) u rock for noticing!!
On the way, we passed signs for "test paint strips," followed by miles of aimless white and orange paint on the road
Sounds a bit like a cop out. Do we really think that with 1/4 of US kids not graduating from HS that 1/4 of parents are unfit?
Only 37 more minutes til I'm outta school ! YAY !
just got real'
You guys are hilarious!!!
what the hell is quest chat
What's the verdict on the #newtwitter? It hasn't been rolled out to me yet.
Just saw that you are headed to Miami! #Goodluck and show them SW PA guys are
Friendship is simply an excuse to love someone and never be afraid of losing them.
and also a special thanks to anyone that came out and supported me hosting at webber's last nite it was alot of fun.
We're very much with you on that one! ^BPS
sold to highest bidder.. ;)
I miss you guys so much!!!
I believe the contemporary dirty word is "socialist." It's getting plenty of airtime. Thanks for bringing back "Pinko."
Driving with and at and a black cat jumps out of no where
RT : RT : #Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity - not a threat. ~unknown
Convo w/ friend after seeing the Avengers...I feel like saving the world, but I think I'ma save my car instead. Lmbo.
I agree. Amazing!
Markets set to surge this week if progress is made in new euro bailout, & plunge at any signs of hiccups. Everything else looks irrelevant.
Hearing some kind of scary weather related stuff from the KS side of this twittersphere. Take care, Kansas friends.
Daniel Biddle & Murray Dubin, will be reading/signing TASTING FREEDOM at Phila Arch Street Meeting House, 4th & Arch, at 10am on May 17.
JEAN DUJARDIN = BEST ACTOR THE ARTIST = BEST PICTURE
Someday I'll wake up without an endless "to do" list. I don't know if I should look forward to that day, or fear it.
- hopefully the hero is a Ranger, so I'll go with Young.
Guys, guys. I'm thinking of changing my twitter avatar. I've had the moosling since I started my twitter account forever ago.
Fuck two tests today -.- at least I get out at 11
such an inspiring story!! No one is totally self-made...it's all about community. Thanks for your leadership!
If my twitter handle wasn't the greatest ever, I would be #socialpedro or #pedrosocial so fast. My twitter-long tribute to
so, Brighton is where all the cool kids spend their time?
Agreed. I'm hoping Shanty's white wine sales skyrocket that Fri too. Support local biz!
It's like give niggas in Popeyes asking for change and food ... And when you give them the change they hit it
I hate ppl who think they can beat the world. I'm not saying back down but don't be cocky af cuz u can fight. I can be but I try not to be.
Consumer spending up but probably because kids can't keep wearing the same clothes forever, tires wear out, etc. Savings rate almost 10%!
a PB party is a must then
definitely:) so when'd you get sick?
Wearing loves at my desk while I type. Guess #winter is officially here, huh #Pittsburgh?
When you're doing the hoedown throwdown and you step on an earring and it goes straight through your big toe....
: great article for young people to stop bullying! Self worth.
I'll two step to Conway and walse to the king
Yes i do have hot trackz for you.. who u working with?
Oosthuizen gets his win Louis Oosthuizen bounced back from last week's Masters disappointment in perfect style with a three-shot victory
Sorry about that, we're looking into it that. Feel free to call to make your pledge 678-553-9090. Thanks you!!!
realizes his decade-long love of Yo La Tengo's "Spec bebop" is actually just a shadow love of The Clean's "Chumpy" > 420 GB til full backup
It scared the crap out of me! I'm glad your ok though :)
Very... #HighShit RT Im a Pharaoh ... so build me a pyramid of Kush and come toke to eternity with me.
If you're interested in acquiring similar furniture, I can tell you what stores I shop at. ;)
Is it legal to use CGI in advertising?
then we two go ah . I try asking khai to borrow penny
how are you away?
#teamcowboys Dallas insider says cowboys will use high draft pick on QB next season ha yalls prayers have been answered bye bye homo hahaha!
RT : #Linsanity & #Tebowmania are known nicknames. Combine them when winning championships and they will both be in
if i ever have twins, i will name them #Sopa and
You're the second person to mention him Bill! It must be epic.
This woman just thinks I know how to do and fix everything! -_-
hey! Let's connect.
Only guess I have is that it's for Dean Ambrose haha
love u too beautiful 😘
#ifonlyicould get to retweet or follow me my life would be complete
thanks for the welcome!
In Evansville!!! :)
one week from today...i get to hang with the Fast mothers, Tori Tollison, J.W. Williams and the Mondophonics @ Neil's Music Room on Madison!
It took three episodes, but I finally got a big laugh from Community.
I feel like baking. I think I will start perfecting my #allergyfree cookie recipes. Hmm... What should I make first...
We want to know: How is everyone's first day of school going?
#ByeByeBirdie..two things #Wisconsin does best, hunting & sports & we're going bird hunting today!! #Packers & #Brewers at Brass Monkey!!!
sounds good :) I'm starving!
#IndonesiaSavesGaga not from there but I will help trend against religious psychos
Nice drive from #Montreal now in #vermont en route to
I can't believe are coming to my town on my birthday! :) What a great bday gift! Who else is excited for the tour?!
Congrats to my man !!! Still pissed about the first round sham but least Harbaugh knows what's up
Emmys or True Blood?
God morning Tweoples! Marc has a tasty batch of chili for you at the store today!
Wow, SUPER productive weekend. Go see all the output on my facebook page, www.facebook.com/edroperphoto
follow mee please ..i love u <3
The next debate should be held in a sandbox!
haha thanks man, appreciate the sentiment. you make sure to not get into any gunfights down in texas you outlaw
Can I just be like 5 again or something?
ikr!!! What yal got up for the weekend??
Relaxing. I deserve it.
NOTE TO SELF: Do not study lines with day care kids nearby... My name is now part of every other sentence I need to say...
Holy shite, did the earth just move?
Thanks for tweeting this! Reminds me I should tweet about it too. :)
TOMORROW NIGHT at The Loft - WE CAME AS ROMANS w/ Miss May I, Of Mice & Men, + more! Doors open at 6pm! Get your tickets now! bit.ly/p0pT8C
I had the wierdest dream about brayley . haha. But her name was hannah in my dream. Lol!
Travel tip with kids: pack entire outfits in separate plastic bags. Reach into the suitacase, and everything is in one place!
new shit has been brought to life. Literally.
Last nightvRT : Wait till I get in my prime, thats the thing.
i catch myself saying things like"eeeew" "ugh" and grunting a whole lot more since the beginning or 2012.
The NFL is king. Case in point. RT : Between 10-10:30 PM ET last night, FOX says 69.0 mil viewers were watching Giants-Niners
I am not gona hope for a good day today...I am gona make SURE today is a good day!
how are you
Oh please don't! I love that pic. That smile makes me smile when I look at it. Love the colors too, and I work with tons of pics.
Dear Earthbar... I'm obsessed!! I'm hooked! ;)
Just finished a coffee catch up meeting w/ Min Chandra Banks of Ephesus Ministries. She's also a board member of the ECMC Farmers' Market.
Wait, who's Sarah Palin? This movie better not make her relevant again, because she's mostly forgotten.
Someone shld create a anti deodorant soap...!!!!
I vow to get it together and come back to my twitter fam. I've been so busy it has been hard to find the time!!
Why do I stay up so late, when I know I have to get up at 6 for school
that'd be amazing! lol I'd be laughing so hard!
Saw you, but we were both tied up in other conversations. Definitely need to reconnect. I had a good chat w/ radian6 folks too
tell those girls to cover their stomachs up! Smh!
Do you know what is going in the building across Columbia Pike from Silverado? I haven't seen a sign.
My love for you increases each year, just like the sustainable growth rate
Please welcome my friend to Twitter.
Sentence lost inside a Super PAC, answers to: “With glee they melted their gold into swords to sever any last ties to integrity.” Pl. help
Just reset password. CAPTCHA word was Fuhrer with the umlaut and all. Awkward!
lol interesting , Im not for that life of quizzes
Thanks friends!
More book recs: Simon Montefiore's Jerusalem:The Biography, The Collected Novels of Jose Saramago ($15 on Kindle), Arthur Phillips's Prague
maybe my just dance summer party game?
#SPWF was amazing, and we can't wait to attend it again.
Lately it's just been a bunch of , , and on repeat. <3
We'll be the ones dressed in Yanks gear!!
sweet great to have you in Tulsa
is still working on the website. =)
just turned on ... Is Z Bo hurt?
Howard University has an African Diaspora program, but there are many others around the country. Where did you attend school?
Kindergarten Hoe (Kindergarten cop)
Get hold of your tickets for tomorrow's showdown of WWE: RAW at Mississippi Coliseum - Call NOW: 888-493-0004
I can only hope that i have a relationship with my daughter like Ariana and her mom have.
smart ass lol
Two life lessons; Don't keep trash in your house, Don't let dirty dishes sit in your sink.
My 2¢ on the #NBA ROY voting ... Kyrie Irving won, and that was correct. So who the F cares about the other votes! No award for 2nd, 3rd
Stunt people earn their paychecks! Flying, burning, crashing and all of the above.
is as hilarious in person as they are on the internets. Check'em out if you haven't already.
The receptionist at Old Main Advising is seriously the rudest individual I've met on this campus.
“: Steak and pesto linguine will be on my menu tonight #chef #hodgeproblems” yum home cooked meal
thanks mate!!
Double XP weekend on COD.. Is it Monday yet??? lol
French Vanilla Decafe
here in Italy are the two in the morning so we'll see you tomorrow love you Hello to all!....
Someone needs to make a #downtown #Tucson #parking #app. I want it to show what's open, let me compare costs, & then guide me to it w/ GPS.
Lol, you are welcome Erin!
Happy 6th Birthday, !
I hope Coples..talk about a monster
Got a crazy carpool lady driving so deuces if and I die
Today's #vinyl buys: Misfits: S/T, Who Killed Marilyn? 45", 4 Hits From Hell 45", Evil Is As Evil Does 45"
LMAO!!! It was on Netflix! LOL. I watch all the bad movies on there lol.
We beat the King! King of what, by the way?
That'll work.
Picture Comments?I'll return the favor:) With Korbyn this weeken;). Text the celluar device
will do. Good night
You know what.? I'm so tired of your drama causing self. "Why am I always in drama fights.?!" Because you start them dumbass.!
SUPER excited for our family photo shoot tomorrow with InPhocus Photography!!.
Possible idea for #mscdeng3670 research project: Research history of the MSCD WC. Could interview Doe & Haley. Talk to me if interested.
cool cool have you started the video yet?(: cause I wanna be in the front!! But its alright if you cant do that!(:
is data base ur job? Wow why u don't watch tv? lol I'm from USA Illinois.
: Great! We'll check it out. Thanks!
Metta World Peace and Kobe told the team that if they got eliminated then they were gonna cane them while their family watched.lol
I am so jealous of you right now.
Wish I could be at the #LTYMshow DC today. Such an amazing group of women.
To the people at Overture Center who insist on applauding for Itzhak Perlman between movements: stop it. Wait for the violin to come down.
for true. But we the people are the beneficiaries.
New Single coming out soon!!! Happy Birthday by Bring Me The Bullet,look for it on YouTube :)
Im just upset her skinny jeans are pul over her bigg ass Ugg boots >.<
I know you are my best friend but if you fall I will laugh
You're right. I was referring to the other skills fundraising, PR, etc. RT : Prog mgmt is a skill!
#Applebees is THE BEST but i can never decide what to order. What did you eat Eric?
Dont wait til its too late to tell someone you love them. Bcause when they're gone, no matter how loud you shout & cry, they wont hear.
If your plan A doesn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay cool.
I fuckin hate taxi cabs
Can't wait to see & May 24th in Fresno! >.<
RT : Thank you to everyone who's supporting ! It's a beautiful night in Detroit.
If you can't figure out your life purpose, your purpose is to be my personal slave. That resonates with you, doesn't it? Yeah... same here.
I'm playing Mass Effect, saving the galaxy from extinction. Puts things in perspective... RT : I'm watching Freaks and Geeks.
Good morning friends. We're sorting through today's Daily Deals looking for the best ones. Look for a blog later today! :)
Add Snakeaveli Da Don to your Facebook
"The tendency to 'see things precisely in black and white terms [was] the great American temptation.'"--James Forrestal (in 'The Wise Men')
thank you :)
Studio this weekend im getting better and better cant wait til yall hear wait I been working on
Love Twitter Tuesday! We are partnering with Metro LA on an Expo Line public art project.
let me know when!!
Make sure you submit your questions to the Sporting Explore app. You get bonus points for having a question chosen!
seems just right to me
Ali Akbar Khan......
Thanks ! Amazing deals with week. I only spent $17.20 on $47.78 worth of household items!
Who's number is everyone trying to get and tweeting about ?
How can you see ratings of charities? Try out (www.charitynavigator.org) & (www.charitywatch.org).
*Still waiting* y'all a bunch of hood rats.
Great new addition!
found some cassette tapes today; don't think I have anything to play them! :)
That's about what I do a wk, but you swim too! That's pretty sweet.
Illinois contractors, there is nothing worse than those bottom feeders.
RT : Show some love and check it out RT : SELECT 2012 opens this Saturday! February 11,6-8pm! FREE! Details:...
Shop Buck Island Creek Farm, Iona Farm, Grunt N Gobble Farm, Highlawn Farm, Lower Sherwood Farm, Mossy Acre, Bethel Family Farm, 9th...
well hey there cutie :)
@ this awesome party!
my bed is ready
On way to LAX for early AM flight to Roanoke, VA for Gender, Bodies & Technology conference w/ and
nice compromise :-)
Thanks dude! Ok I will as soon as I get off work at 2 today :)
Now quick shower then work!
Better results: take lots of surveys yourself to learn about respondent experience & what makes a good survey
Everything applies to MLB The Show!
Same to you!
Appreciate your blog flattery about our fire screens (remember the butterfly table and mirror, too!)
We're talking about favorite Ohio vacation/R&R spots. What's yours?
Haha! You're very interesting.
can you follow me ?(:
At least we're learning something ? Ha yeah , no -.-
this class sucks dick two hours of hell but at least there was no quiz and hopefully we will get out early
waiting for you outside table!
I won some battle of the bands contest here 3 years in a row
that's how you gotta be homie ! haha
Working now on Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns (aka Bringin' on the Funk!) (Stevie Wonder, Earth Wind & Fire and a 'little' disco) yep..disco
Now who's FUNNY? You're a HOOT! =D RT Thats true....even the threat of time outs and u are not quiet!
I don't know how to do half of it and I can't find it in the book
Time for some #yoga by then doing my running around
#FF The greatest, freshest mexican food in Pittsburgh. Homemade ice cream too!!
About to reset my phone, again, hopefully that'll fix it. If not, time for a new phone. Androids don't like it when you download porn.
this is amazing, thank you. this, like, closes the dossier, the file is now closed.
he should change his name again to "Ronald R. A. Lincoln"... LOL:) does he think this helps him..NOT!!!
Shop for one of a kind Fashion that no one else is wearing: Indie Fashion from around the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
How I Met Your Mother >>>
I know right?? I'll have more fun then you will :) lol
I hate the P word and thats all i see on my TL ugh!!
i'm trying... Just couldn't find time lang coz I have two diff. set of day-off, it sucks tho. :( aw We're same :(
we have made some updates to our API, let us know if any of your calls don't work and we'll assist you with the changes
Doing devotional at church council <<<
I think I should spend the day speaking in Nadsat in an effort to confuse the L7's. Nerds will be impressed by my fluency.
So glad your son liked Bigfoot. He's not so bad once you get used to him!
I'd start there to pull him towards me with my right finger, while my left hand traces up his left arm to that vein only to
Yes! Same to you! Glad you could make it out I'll be sure to get to a MKESMC event soon :)
I think you all should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies a ghetto street drama based in Detroit x Cop ur copy now. Check out my blog.
what was your favorite grammy act?
You're just the best role model ever.
Worthy students getting a fair rate to attend college in the state they have basically grown up in...CO legislators are a joke
where are you interning?
depends on what the evidence is and how it fits with everything else.
Ha, sounds good!
I'm addicted to my phone n its sad I fb tweet n instagram before bed lol n same thing wen I wake up
emoji is the fastest way to a girls heart 💏
Merry christmas happy hannikuh and there's like 2 more but idk yeah!:)
Guess I'll just watch America's Next Top Model reruns
In the dumbest things Skip Bayless has ever said, a new statement is on the list. "Tony Paker has a much better jump shot than Chris Paul."
On the air by tornado season.
Reading 'Switched' by Amanda Hocking. Yes, it's for work. Trolls!
Not a cute look...
Design mtg this afternoon.. "There is a thought that stops thought. That is the only thought that ought to be stopped…" - Chesterton
OMG, we should so be hangin out together!
When you can be either brilliant or pleasant, choose pleasant.
Among other things, I'm going to work on programmatically assigning DOIs to some of the Seminary older 19th century journals
Posted so far on Mon. 89 cappers with action tonight and 5 consensus from their picks so far and more to come.
i could ski down those all day
Second best line: My wife says to me..."the model is wearing a $6000 dress" me: "I'm wearing like $20"
Put the broom away?
Don't have my phone. :(
mmhmm won't be curable by then!
": S/O To My Cute New Follower Wessuh!!! .."- hey sweetie :) & thank u for the follow.
no it's naahht weird, out of town =
you are rlly pretty!:) and I hope he follows u<3
Hello! We use the shipping info of our winners to send our winners their prizes!
dang I kno auntie bout had a fit
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
Proud to support Mayor's proposal for bldg smoking policies. Prospective renters & buyers deserve full disclosure to make informed decisions
yes i am able to connect to espn and twitter
Happy birthday to Sonny Liston! Though he didn't know his exact bday, he settled on May 8, 1932.
I guess the people from Henderson county just don't like me.
: A very impressive beginning! Carole DeSanti is a master of words.
Welp, I found out who unfollowed me... That bitch.
Check out The best ppt to iPad tool out there.
This too shall pass. Probably those solar flares. Something big wants you to change
Taking from Boston to DC for meetings with and Love the train.
Gambino is a mastermind fuck a bitch just to kill time 🕙🔫
West Brook Better Then CP !
I wish I was with you both! Have fun! Come to L.A.!!!! You make it so much better here! :)
To guy outside library in the middle of nowhere: "The library's closed." "Really? That's gay." "You win this time..."
Oh hey there lady...
I've read the scriptures a few times, but I'm amazed at how many new things I still find as I've begun rereading them again.
please give a hug for me to ur family!!!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!......
true that. I've been worried since like Wednesday.
word! I'll keep ya posted :)
Either you have the upper hand or it's got the upper hand on you.
Do Johnny Depp and Madonna have the same dialect coach? That's effing weird. They sound so European, don't they?
Well then, ask!
Ron won't shout it from the rooftops so I will. Second Place in the Iowa Straw Poll goes to Dr. Ron Paul! Vote in 2012! #vote #Ron Paul
RT IF YOU THINK TWITTER IS ADDICTIVE!
Welcome to dagnomusic!
Thanks! Sometimes change is a good thing...
cuz i wouldnt tell him but i told him and he said he doesnt want her i said ok then he said alright boo then my friend
Never #regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience ~Victoria Holt
Stay tuned!!
We just completed our 450th Salesforce.com implementation this week.
this has been one stressful ass day
finally DONE with calculus!! I'm so excited and relieved!! :D
We couldn't be happier to have support our May 20 festival. With their support our festival will be one you won't want to miss
gonna do a little singin' now... these songs are very close, & this one wants a double. i think.. let's see
who agrees should Ustream?! RT if u do!!!
When we begin to see the living world with luminous eyes; our perception of the world changes
We have a lot of very wide windows, I'm still having trouble breathing after measuring. Holy moly. Just totally blown away.
did Austin viles dad pass away
Ive had 2 much exercise today...
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 7, Microsoft Windows Vista, Microsoft ... - PCWorld (blog)
I love you and i hope you feel better!! Im soo sorry about your loss!! :( #Staystong!! I here for you if you need me!<3
RT : #crossroadsclassic fans stop by Emmis on circle & support bellringers & as they go for 60 hours
Thanks! You're back!
RT If you write a memoir, make sure you write Barack Obama into it before he does it himself.
Young Wild &
We're an oasis in the middle of the shopping craziness. Come have lunch or dinner with us at the Grossmont Center.
Y wait win I cld go get it!
Won't be the same. But he will be back!!
Lebron missed one of those games and another was a coin flip on a iffy Miller foul. Team results arent everything
Just too much time to make up for Nary and Jamie. At least that teacher lie worked a treat.
Yes. On how to write a good call to action landing page. I use this information to many of my Hispanic clients.. :)
And the award for wearing the best dresses on HOP goes to.... :)
Thats a good attitude. Now put it into practice. Nobody can hurt your feelings without your consent.
Headed to Gruene Hall to open for my Dad tonight. Sold Out, Good times!
These unique names all belong to beans, of heirloom varieties.
worst that can happen is I bleed on you
Good Job Lawrence. #education is the way out of
"Baby you light up my world like nobody else. The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed" yeah, they so wrote that about Bieber.
Does anyone have the HTC Eris? That's a phone I'm thinking about getting to replace my blackberry storm
HAHAHAHAHHAAHA now where's Mrs. Brady? He can date her. xD
#5BestSmells New Car smell, chocolate chip cookies in the oven, anything on the grill, laundry, and A&F Fierce for men :)
Jeremy Lin is good. Amazing story. Media is trying to get too cute with all the nicknames. #espn headline was inevitable.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? ... ;)
WOW you are a busy bee!
I think you could greatly benefit your company by getting a small ad on TheRuthieList
Remember & act on the pivotal moments in your life that change you. Those lessons lost are as if you lost a piece of yourself.-Zach Marcy
Today is just one of them days.
I didn't get what that meant until just now lolz! I am now finally on there however, I'm still not sure what I'm doing :)
congrats! Miss you kids.
Edited a bunch of resumes and a cool looking cover letter and am going out to print them today. Gotta get work NOW! I want to work!!!
#martiansVSgoblins The Fresh West
Enjoying the heck out of my Port St Lucie writing session...
yep. Have to think it will get better eventually, but vice versa for the pitching...
HoeLies #64: I love that song.
u might not want her to do that cause ur gonna be sad when she says ME cause IM her bestfriendd (: right (:
Snickers #sb45 ad:out with the old (Ms. Betty White), in with the slightly less old (Richard Lewis&Rosanne Barr)
Keyshawn got bars at rapping tho lmao ... i got double cheese waffles in my pocket - Key 40
funny, my parents/teachers are expecting me to keep up in school. more important things.
The admiral took hold of Mark's left hand and kissed his forehead.His baby-face good looks that he had inherited from his mother was intact.
Sounds fair to me
y'all throwing curve balls tonight. Who's the dead chic if his wife standing next to him.
I love rock,pop,r&b,rap and all sorts of music<3
FOLLOW ONLY
re: WBAL Radio/TV websites, WBAL-TV is part of Hearst Television, which owns 29 TV stations, and only 2 radio stations....
Hi Sally! Would you be interested in coming to Mke?
Happy Saturday! It's raining but I've got to get on my grind. Time waits for no one. Peace & Love...
CDC: Transfer policies have generally resulted in increased #s of juvs arrested for subsequent crimes including violent crimes
So...I'm sore from doing the mile yesterday...that's sad, I need to get in shape again. -.-
you and me BOTH! (and many more of us!)
It's so frustrating. Thanks so much for the reminder about science fair! :) Ugh! (2 of them this year!)
Tell me you love me
The less you care, the happier you'll be.
Recent move to the heart of uptown. Any cool ideas for a winter open house extravaganza? I welcome ideas! (@ Remax Results)
no doubt!
Izzy Call me and tell me it?? OMG THE CRAYON SONG!!
Yes indeed. We love our local distillers!
Google + looks very promising. Taking the plunge.
one dude you dont wanna mess with...Rambo!
Most of the time I just don't get it.
Get your TAN ON! *Specials TODAY ONLY* All TANS on SALE, Mystic tans 2 for $39.99 or 5 for $75; HT60 $10/each; HY $11/each and HP $12/each.
Usher concert @ 6am... And it's about an hour commute.. & I'll need A LOT of time to get ready..
<3 Awe Mr. Chubby How Many Times Did I Tell You Bout Gettin On The Pc When Alexa Is Alleep? lol Love you(:
I fuck traffic in the ass
Q. Which business headquartered in the Bay Area has the largest number of employees, over 100,000? Answer SAFEWAY
Students volunteered at Feeding America yesterday, and wait for it...HAD FUN! Great job packing food for the community!
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. Tennyson, Alfred Lord
I'm real picky when it comes to girls eyebrows , I can't be talkin to someone with two dark ass lines in the middle of their forehead
Thanks for the info... I will be in attendance...
I don't think I know stuff why u calling me miss know it all but to be quite honest I know enough to have been one to fall while I ball:p?eh
Man, I was too tired last night. Hopefully, you guys had fun.
it's albus bitch
#ScientificFact Chinese food tastes better with chop sticks
Breath deeply
You know exactly what I'm talking about. #youaintslick !
I get busy.. I make your head dizzy
I had that issue too, check your settings and then go to apps. That's how I fixed mine. Other than that how are you?
So true! RT : #Nutrition tip RT Your kids are watching what you DO and paying attention less to what you say.
Ok "guys" would yuh brake up with your girl cuz yu called her at 3 in da morning n she waz sleeping so she couldent pick up? (wat yuh think)
Try pairing our fennel and salmon salad with a Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour for a TON of great flavor…
so am I but where did spring go
Wolves game tonight determines playoff beard life.
Waitin on stupid to get here
That is how good things happen. One Goal. Same Page.RT : ONE. GOAL.
She led the rustler to Dark Cavern's edge. His boot slipped, dislodging a small boulder and as it hit rock bottom his heart boomed
Wishin my brother a HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY!!! You're finally legal lol! Love ya!
RT A fulfilling healthy life requires balance with a good diet, regular exercise and quality supplements.
ALERT: HANDLEBAR MOUSTACHE SPOTTED IN CHICAGO LOOP. DAMSELS, STEER CLEAR OF RAILROAD TRACKS.
"You must do all the things you think you cannot do." -Eleanor Roosevelt
The benefit of showering alone is that your man doesn't pounce on you when you drop the soap. Also the drawback.
Congrats to and my boy for making the roster!
Pretty girl w/ ugly feet = turn off
this is my 200th tweet. I take the chance to thank you for everything you have taught me
On it!
All of your tweets are making me thirsty!
If you had one wish we are pretty sure it would be $5 Falafels from 11am - 4pm? Right? Right?
. more people of color? What does The Speaker think? Must be proud!
Appreciate the cutoff man.
Conservatives are so concerned with the sanctity of marriage when the Kardashian marriage showed a total of a whopping 72 days.
I don't think you meant this for me.
NFL moves to suspend the Pro Bowl??! Guess the football Gods found it boring and ridiculous as we did.
THe shit that we be fighting over b so irrelevant...
Morgan better hitter but Gomez with his defense will finish better.
Sweet I'm going to try it out! cc
I see a lady in a shirt @ the game on TV.
Oh tonight they announced the big winner. Do you want me to spoil it for you??
Love can fade, but it cant die
Niall and Demi <3 Nemi! You guys really need to go out! <3 Do it for us!
If it's on #bravo then I'm probably going to watch it.
Sweeter than a cherry pie with Ready Whip toppin'.
I'm doing great, school, work, gf, and learning to dj.. keeping myself busy :)
I must be missing something. What's the problem? Just cuz I chose the radio edit?
All gibberish to me. Something to do with TV?
All right #knicks my only non Pittsburgh team beat the heat!
I never thought of it as a poem. I thought of it as lines that just didn't happen to go all the way across the page.-E.L.Doctorow
Do you have taralli? Craving it after reading Anne's fb posts!": Fresh boule just in to both shops from bread!
not doing shit. We're just messing around right now lol
The Program is great, I love it!
Remember when Tiger Woods was good at golf
Thanks to , and for the shout outs! <3
I doubt theyre showing a preview ....
thanks again!! Spread the word for us :)
LOL. YES SIR!
too bad his children are too old to think he's super cool for hanging out with Elmo. (Or maybe they're not?)
If you love the olympics, follow this guy RT almost to 400 tweets and 400 followers! moving up in the world! :P
Isn't all reading is interactive?
I'm class I hate smart substitutes u a sub for a reason u don't know nothing nor and u teach
happy easter to the bitches that unfollowed me.
awesome!! Ready for your trunk sale this weekend?! :)
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
Numerous treks to Maastricht when I was in the service (79-83), was stationed in Bruxelles. Grew up in RI, but lived in...
#CGMD12 in the sandbox find me
A nice round of applause for the reading. The audience is vigorously wrigthing their feedback.
you're in Florida? Where at?!
I am in early to be on at 8:00 am!
Mike Vick not as good as everyone thinks, but he the smartest man in fball. 100 mil to a scrambling qb over 30?! Good for him
I owned the California drivers test.
Keep it up #UK!!
good morning all.. HAPPY SUNDAY
No way. Never liked Entourage.
OMG now I get to listen to this ghetto rap crap the whole ride home
how long have you worked there?
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
Yes ma'am! RT : Ugh, bitch GTFO!
I really wish I didn't care how I looked al the time.
If your gonna complain, just go back to Facebook.
Headed to Texas for #AMASupercross! Good luck to the team!
tomorrow is the day i take the biggest exam. *correction tomorrow is the day i die.
who what
Your'e got 5 seconds left Do You Belive In Miracles YES
Over/Under on saying "where's my phone" is 20 today.
Learned a ton from while at
probably SOAP RememberTrust
if we speak will listen? we want our voice heard!
My all time favorite Sheldon scene: "I possess the DNA of Leonard Nimoy..With a healthy ovum I can make my own Leonard Nimoy"
AZ :) .I got a new number also I will dm u that and hopefully my dm is working now ha
Everyone is a rush to ask when is the next party but never hey I will throw in next time except for my broskie in P.H.A,N Crew !
KHQ Right Now - News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho | Clinton says ... - KHQ Right Now
You can borrow an umbrella from us if you want! RT : Oh how I love the rain ^.^
Crazy night. Martin kids? Y'all know how to party
support live music this weekend: Bryan Cole, solo acoustic at DiSalvo's in Latrobe, PA. Doug Briney at Lonestar Steakhouse, Anchorage, AK.
Yup. Dancing. Fuck with me
I'm looking forward to it!
Today, it's the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Yes! Thank you!
was it you on omegle last month when you were in LA? Me and my friends were "talking to you" but follow me to?! :D <3 xx
the Yongmasan subway exit announcement you sent me just came up on itunes' shuffle. hahaha.
i love getting a notification from u at midnight saying its ur turn on words against emily lol
I'm bored at work
Hey #Brewers. Are we gonna score once or twice sometime today or what? It's the #Astros!
yeah for sure
We are in high school right? Why do we still have rolling backpacks?
Tonight only! Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage & pepper or eggplant & fennel pizza! Password is "CrossFit 215". *Dine in only*
Ya, SD is pretty amazing. I'd like to relocate there if the proper situation presented itself. Who knows :)
Not looking forward to work today.
I wanna see melendez vs josh 3 I'm a huge fan of both! But josh showed the. First time what he can do when he's healthy!
I still love Rolling in the Deep.
Just had left over turkey, now its time to relax and watch some of the ncaaf games.
Hey stop talking over the presidents speech. Rather here him than your commentary. Thanks.
“: Where do I sign up to run for Mayor?” the man!! lol
Students need their A-level results before they apply for university: Why scrap the plan to let pupils get their..
nope , i will never serve Bud or Bud Light.
Larry gave me a congrats card with a lottery ticket. I can never leave GT :D If I win, buying a condo for us.
Know anyone who needs a website overhaul or a new website? Send them my way and I'll give you $100 for any successful referrals!
Who Ever Said "There Are No Stupid" Questions Obviously Never Worked In "Customer Service…"
You gotta watch in Mr. Sunshine.... AWESOME new show!!!
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music illegally, I hope they split us up by music genres.
be safe brother
just finished our penultimate day of shooting for seizure 2. tired, but it's going to be oh so cool.
Fast-growing follower list: Yep, Ryan's wife.
having just returned from conf let me add #tripleSIGH wtf happened 2 academia (altho I did hear some great papers)
On 10% have to charge for a little -.-
thank you. It's my favorite part too.
That was the first time I laughed all night. RT Great Super Tuesday crack about GOP hopefuls.
why tf do we have school IDs ?
Live without regrets.
Hell of a game! Dallas destroys Miami!
Good morning America... Coffee ready?
What...The..FUCK
I'm so mad at my band teacher...the only reason I'm in it is because of high school. 
going to the noblesville vs. avon boys basketball game tonight.... anyone else out there going?
Sounds like fun!
RT : Sunday at 3:30 pm at the convention center; would love to see you! #SXSW // I hope to be there!
I lost my creekstomping pictures as well, not good :-(
Also standardized tests are very effective at measuring the SES of students and schools.
nothing to be sorry about, have fun with that ;)
Thanks much for the RT! :D
Happy birthday mommy:)
Dear , may I DM you about some possible advice-givin'?
lmao!! I KNOW i ami wonder if i still smell like my moms wagina on the top of my scalp haha
DC Demonstration For justice for Travon Martin. What's the latest in the case? reports live on News4 tonight at 6
German speakers: what does the idiom about brushing your teeth "von Rot nach Weiss" mean? Is the red the gums and the white the teeth? - DvL
I've often thought "why are many tomes on ldrshp rooted in warfare?
Rehab Is for Quitters
I need to get my priorities in check.
RT : At T.G.I. Friday's with the ladies ☺
Thanks! Alas, I don't update my blog enough. Better to "follow" my LA Times column by signing up on my site for newsletter.
The day she'll have me blush, is the same day a chick wit a phat ass in my face is giving me a lap dance 👋👋
Common's new album ... Wow, most moving album I've heard from him in a long time. BRAVO!
Picture me rollin. --stone to Jesus' tomb
Glad to hear it!
i remeber i always use to be on tinychat :D
Today's #Tech Tip: Coupons and discounts great call to action tools for email newsletters.
that's so crazy! I'm so happy for you! You're gonna be a great momma!! 👼💛💛💛 I'll have to see him when I visit!
TY for all the RT's :)
Have a fabulicious birthday bella! Hope you get all you wished for and more.Can't wait to meet you in Staten Island. XOXO
Don't cry because it's over...smile because it happened ♥
Holy crap that's funny!
Huge win for the tonight in Seattle! Way to go and the rest of the Tribe!! Awesome hit by Wow!!
Restarting my Rosetta Stone classes for Spanish today. Oh this should be interesting!
anytime! Betty is such a neat lady. You're right in that she looks friendly. She has a beautiful soul. :)
aw, next week then! You'll be greatly missed.
Truthfully...The ONLY Reason I'm Tweetin' So Much Is To Keep Me Occupied Until I Go See Avengers
8 more to go
Fancy passes like Gasol's are really fun to watch, but I feel like they put unnecessary pressure on the guy getting assisted to to convert.
69 is the only dinner for two.
He doesn't tally up penalties! He scores goals naturally! CR7
Will do. I'm Kaylee btw but people call me Kay for short. :)
shyt ; i gotta pee ! & i'm on the bus + i gotta go get my car augh !
where the fuck did u come from ? It isn't your convo either so stfu ..
ha! that is my newest, biggest pet peeve.
Could really go for some of Dad's homemade chicken soup right now.
Where are you hiding? I'm on 5th Floor in Mount Diablo.
I knew you would say something lol
The patio expansion is finally getting painted and it looks awesome!
Changing the way we think changes our life. If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
People watching is a national pastime.
I'm so happy that #the artist won! It truly is the best movie of 2012 so far and deserves the #Oscar!
how was lunch at Potomac's ?
johnwright238 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Listening now to Pärt's Berliner Mass. Interesting how Pärt's minimalist style evokes here so strongly medieval polyphony.
Statistically verified: Best. State. Ever. MT P would like to thank WI for being more willing to answer polls than anyone else
Noticing a few of those in traditional media who I loved to follow on Twitter and FB are slowly vanishing from digital space.
The canton bocce league starts tonight!! $1.50 miller lite drafts and $6 pitchers at Looneys after the game!
Good luck to all the RA Candidates this weekend! Just be yourself and have fun!
THE SING-OFF's featuring our very own joined Sara Bareilles in concert last night in Nashville! Were you there?
I know it was supposed to be a gag gift, but the nose trimmer my stepmom got me actually can solve a variety of problems.
Take short showers instead of baths.
Wen I was lil my football coach use to say I have hands like R Moss. I said NO I have hands like Donald Driver!
we just got 2 books in the mail to go along with our dental hygiene lesson, so we read those.
GRAVE MERCY by Robin LaFevers. I have a few historical/linguistic quibbles, but overall it's really quite good.
Met with Isagenix colleague today. Joining the IsaDerby. Can't wait to see our team's progress!
I reflect today by moving forward. I will honor the victims of 9/11 and pray for healing in the NY/NJ/CT families. NEVER FORGET. LET'S ROLL!
At the dentist...fun about to get some gas
I'm not up there. How do I fix that? Oh and I'm emailing you tomorrow...I have an NYC update! :)
I actually liked it more than I thought I would! It's more Bachelor than HG...I could send it to you, if you are interested.
I don't run for "fun". If I run past you, you're going to want to catch up because something bad is chasing me.
"if you drink beer, and you're a band? we're gonna be fuckin tight friends" - Fieldy RIP old
You've gotta stand for something or you'll fall for anything.
That's so right. People make a complacent mistake when they think struggle is only in the past. We are living history now.
I am determind to have #NIWL shirt.
thanks for the follow ,) J Armani
23 hours to vacation. Not that I'm keeping track or anything.
going to try to follow all the Mahomies on twitter, might take awhile :P
Its hard to walk when your dick is taped to your leg.
Allow yourself to get upset by some downturns but remind yourself to pull yourself together
thanks for the follow!
go ahead and make fun, but I think Lady Gaga is pretty rad. Frank's got my back!
thanks. will let you know. still in early brainstorming phase.
love it
I wonder if I can marry Tupac's hologram?
Can't believe we are already in week 5 of Spring season. Plans are in the works for Summer. Then fall. Then Merry Christmas.
I didn't say it was cool or particularly good, but it's a fact that it's now popular
Stop trying to stay in the picture if you're not needed.
Now you really are just somebody that I used to know.
Campaign Finances Georgia Envisions Instant City Room: Wall St. Protesters Mock Cease-Fire Observers in?
If a man be gracious & courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world. ~ Bacon
Good first period in Tampa. leads 2-1. still very much in this game.
#iWillNeverTrust any man, because men are evil at heart
r u offended?
Jo Maxi - a cab. ex. I think you’re pretty bollixed. I’m calling you a Jo Maxi!
was a good one! Waiting for it to get cold and windy enough to do some more meaningful temp tests!
The knicks is linning right now
Picking up the phone and calling a competitor is awesome.
There goes Barnes
Let's go Bucky!
i love that!!
MAN ROC IS SO HOT HE IS JUST GOREGOUS I LOVE HIM HE JUST SO WOO I LUV MB
#AfricanGuyProblems RT Why is serge ibakas lips always glistening?
Bishop Gorman gym filled with coaches. San Francisco's Rex Walters, Harvard's Tommy Amaker, UNLV's Dave Rose among the head coaches here now
RT : Steveston Farmers’ and Artisans’ Market this weekend: Fill your fridges with yummy fresh Farmers Market food an......
Comedy and music is the PERFECT combination!
Night all x
Happy I got to wish happy birthday in person and happy to be returning to #wellfleet with , and Amy!
You honestly don't think so?
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
Don't worry,Sean. Super Mario will help Tebow!
wish you were there...don't worry, there will be more for you to come and see!
glad you're joining us! Are you contributing your points towards a #genealogy society?
Haha I've had my twitter for almost 3 1/2 years now! Most are @ replies :)
just a few minutes now.....
#HappyEaster to all
I wish I wasn't lazy yesterday and had gone for my run. Now I have to do it this morning, but I don't want to. Ok, I'm going!
I 2nd that! This season is CRAZY, and I l-o-v-e it!
come & get me you bitchfaceasian.
are you at PSU?
Morris Day is coming back to -- maybe I can reprise my role as a lead backup dancer.
I have no idea what's going on.
Have an exit strategy for cloud computing. Strategy to find another cloud provider
Reggaeton was on and noone danced? -.-
I want to go get in a pool
i cant believe you would say that hubby !! you know better than that you know i wouldnt cheat on you :-)
Hey , how do I get verified?
I swear people need oscars now and days the way they playin roles
#ronpaul time to take care of home, not abroad!
shout out to my fav follower ya follow him
We need a #comeback “: Hip hop is so down right now.. something needs to change.”
with our wonkiest tweet yet. Nice work, Alyson.
kay I added you ^^ lol
Planes are Soo loud 😒
you're lame now beat it! 😠
no problem boss
Downloaded Pandora yesterday..
One telecon down, one to go.
RT ikno : said i dont kno a wat's but when i see him ill tell him you said sup lmao
u are doing a program?! That is awesome!
I sense the Spurs SLOWLY turning it on, but for cryin out loud stay on your man
I. Am. Encoding. Film. (like, for the 5 billionth time already.)
its a big deal in Iowa.
Duh RT : It's seems like being tipsy, and being in a airport go hand in hand, pilots have the right idea...
you should def check miss pixies when you get a chance...they had a ton of stuff...you might find what you're looking for
Me: into cultural politics of urban renewal. You: into anything with which we can cobble together a panel. DM if interested.
Aye! Down 10lbs in just 3 weeks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Abs comin in legs and arms toning up! I'm feelin GOD!!
I'm home from school sick today :/ If you follow me I'm sure I will feel much better(:
Hitting up against the mindset of pure developers is a bit frustrating even if you can speak the language
Savage U is trending! i just watched it, i like, i like.
not a dumb question. Ed.D is more focused on practice and Ph.D. is more focused on research in education.
Umffff .. now that boy is the definition of sex.
free online
cuzzo is so protective!! Like the big brother I never had!
maybe I should have pointed out oxycontin is #vegan? lord knows #ElRushbo eats that shit like candy
