Monday Night I have to flip between #DaBears and
Sophie you cant play with that ball all night lol
UGH i knew this would happen...that they would get jbieber-like fans. i just hoped it wouldnt happen this fast...but it did
"Woman is the companion of man, gifted with equal mental capacity." – Mohandas Karamchad Gandhi
It's party time tonight! vs Sac at 9:00 followed by live music from Duo!!
totally acceptable RT : R we supposed 2 B feeling the #eclipse yet? I'm way more tired than usual & need to blame something.
Sounds excellent! Toppings?
Must..get..."Call Me When You're Sober" by Evanescence out of my head.
I was rapedD :
you talk real slick, but can you back it up?
Probably the one and only time I absolutely could not finish a Taco Bell cheese quesadilla. Goodnight all.
I will definitely be a regular now ;)
thx for playing our tunes :)
Happy to have some new products on the shelf...cheers!
He Made My Day iNeeded That After All This Bullshieet I've Been Throughh In The Past 3 Days (:
Missed it last week because auditors were here. If I'd seen it I would've had a head start giving my Canadian friends a hard time!
they don't know and more importantly, they don't care.
"What...what i knit sweatass yo what what dont chance me *bleep* what? i didnt even swear" haha thug story-tswiftt
I mean, that's OSU saying, "hey, watch out for this asshole on twitter" not sure how to stop a random from tweeting a player
hope you have an amazing prom!
loops I meant food haha
Digital is the future; when will profit arrive?
wearing my moms gilly hicks sweater shh!
San Antonio it's been fun but back to Austin now. Be back soon to see my Spurs continue this streak.
I'm pretty sure #Community is the only show I watch religiously :/ I know we'll get a full 3rd season, but I'm still mad at you !
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? Vince Lombardi
German movement to Indiana?
true stops hype
Im sorry to hear that, its unfortunate that people can't stay out of other peoples business and can say such immature things
Interest in the 6/26 Cruise-In is spreading -- lots of neighborhood businesses will have information at the registration table -- go Foster!
"I really fucked it up this time, didn't I my dear"
Watching Laugh At My Pain and DYING. Kevin Hart is DEFINITELY one of the funniest dudes around. Wouldn't you agree ? :)
Well family guy till i fall asleep..
But I can't work for APS in that capacity without being an employee. The same way I can't teach in a classroom.
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 5
#ImThatPersonWho had their heart explode of love from seeing #Avengers ! has got me to the point where i tremble <3
I can only say this 6 more times #happyjerzyday at least 4 weeks from now it will finaly be
From tragedy comes rebirth.
Haha been waiting to use that one huh? RT : possibly, assuming that "MVP" stands for "Most Villainous Pansy"
each song was inspired by a different girl :) lol
4 for 4 on college crap, UofGeorgia, Clemson, Ole Miss, and Kentucky. Hell yeah!
Standing 10 feet from Justice at the
call me
you're hilarious. I love your tweets.
I love your smile :) LOL but I really do!!
tired I have to get up early to registrat for high school T__T and u =^__^=
We want to know how we can improve our #beer! Should we keep improving the old ones or give you new beers? How about a Chocolate Porter?
i enjoy happy dances
that's my girl.
A basketball team is like the five fingers on your hand. If you can get them all together, you have a fist. That's how I want you to play.
We are tracking a line of storms that may bring lightning, strong wind gusts & small hail. We are under the slight risk for severe weather.
Listening to tenderoni by; Bobby Brown on iheart radio
Whiskey Kitchen has great food, off of Broadway, turn between MacDonalds & Exon? on left, very friendly, great atmosphere
You ready for our big date tonight?
Let's Go Grizzzz! Come back strong!!
I am the mind eraser, anything goes.
Anyone in Hollywood want to come to Pilates with me!?
thanks for the shout-out! Glad you enjoy our sushi!
:) thanks. I teach 9,10,11 grade world I, world ii, and us history respectively.
$BVSN inching again...
Overheard at #catiie conference: "This conference has revolutionized how I plan to educate. Literally changed my life."
God bless Based God.
Heh. No pic but I'm sure I'll change my mind three more times before Sunday!
Waiting on what's approaching 20 hrs of rendering #timelapse footage. I guess that's what I get for shooting images at 5k, haha.
spending this Mother's Day with the best Mom in the world :)
This might take the cake. The Skins loss to the Saints was maybe worse but had nowhere near this at stake.
Child actress/model looking for open castings
right!? That just goes on the long list of reasons why I hate sitting the front:'(
if you don't talk to Couture about fighting boxer James Toney in 3 weeks, you suck a big one. Also, his son is fighting now.
So thankful that he came home safe. Best night in 6 months! Welcome home KWN!!
RT If you wish you were in Miami.. At Austin's PhotoShoot (; -Ally
also I didn't see any terrorists at all but I guess that's part of the joke
#twitterlesscyril is really good at flips and ridding the bench
#tigerwoods Let’s go Tiger!!! <3
I don't even think Gardy/others are solely responsible. But something's rotten in the org, and sometimes you just need to start over.
congrats on Del Potro's win today!
Good crowd for a program I presented today in Frankfort on Kurt Vonnegut and "Slaughterhouse-Five."
If you see no significant differences between Obama & Romney, you shouldn't vote for either of them. Why would you? (1 of 3)
looks like it's working now!
I can NOT change my profile pic... what is going on? I'm just trying to change it back to my old pic...size n format are right
Heading to Philly for a meeting. Not a bad view looking out these train windows...
"The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it.
Thanks for following bro !!
wait til the end, when there's a battle to the death and someone takes off everyone's head with a sword.
Awesome Q& A ... Thank you.. confidence has gone from 90% to 100% :)
isn't it just beautiful? They call it the PINK FULL MOON :)
so cold I should come on a cone!!!
im super happy about all the good things that have happened the last year...i went from being glued to the internet to making things happen
Rooms full of pretty people intimidate me.
Dame Kelly Holmes switches on London digital radio boost
Don't jinx us...
People in paper towel commercials are too stupid to breathe.
I promise I will make time to sleep one of these days. Just not today or any day in the foreseeable future
Thanks for tweeting about So Much 2 Say!
Just finished another amazing makeover segment with Clinton Kelly
Have a 97 in geography...he says all I have to do is pass the final and I'll get an A :)
As a liberal I'd like to take this opportunity to apologize to Rush #Limbaugh for making him say those things he said.
Keep up the followers! I love you guys. <3
Paying little attentions will help keep romance and the spirit if courtship alive in a relationship.
Time to get my groove on!!!
kobe hi-5ing justin timberlake is the best
Loll thanks :)
For sure!
would you prefer me to get fans chanting "Bey Bey" or "D-T"? Couldn't make up my mind today.
WHERE ARE YOU consider me
RT : ok lol! Let's go out for dinner! I get off at 6!
Thanks for the wonderful night testing out the new
I'm posted foo. Got me some Chinese food. Bout to make some beats
ite .. ima call u in a few & tell u
Like I Said , I Ain't Tryin' To Complain' BUT Damn .
That was 's thoughts on that.
Liz Lemon Wisdom: I reject Chris Brown's comeback!
No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any
I'm no better than anybody. I'm not even better than myself. ><
Even the most Scroogiest of Scrooges loves waffles.
Only a couple more days until ETC plays in Santa Cruz. 1/13, 7pm. Please come out and support us!
how are you ??x
people who contradict them selfs
Joe Six Pack #Obama2012 Pitch: If u would consider a phony elitist who even Republicans dont like after last guy shit canned the economy...
not when I live in Copenhagen, Denmark. Your service doesn't work here!
now and Czech Republic
John Cotton Dana~ Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
... Someone is dangerously close to not getting a
I was the same way I'm hoping that they don't know my password
we are so alike!
Re:Recording for The Steve Conte Album!! WOO HOOO! Can't wait for the finished product :-)
Jim, have you ever played anything besides the radio? You're worse than Colin Cowherd with you criticisms!!!
Max Axiom for science lovers (graphic/comic, not chapter books),
Can't do it. Nevada new York Maine or rhode island.
Follow for the newest #HH in #DC!
#WhatILoveMost , The moment you realize you deserve better, and you'll be perfectly fine on your own. <3
this is what it's like when worlds collide!!
Congrats to SF Giant Tim Lincecum on being selected as the NL starting pitcher in Tuesday's All-Star Game in St. Louis!
Getting ready to head to the motorcycle expo
It's raining it's pouring! The old man is snoring! Happy Friday people :)
Deadly stabbing in Lakeside, 10 year old accused of killing 12 year old.
#lsuua LSU is manhandling Arkansas ...except on 3rd down. Cmon chavis! Stop waiting for the 2nd half to blitz!
Actually a 3rd book in series after "Doomsday Book" & "To Say Nothing of the Dog" which are good.Haven't read Blackout yet.
I did get my son into MMA and Jiu Jitsu so he and I go into class together as a mom and son team.
That made me COL (chuckle out loud)! ;)
My chest HURTS! Stupid gym!
Its that time of the year...What dance recital song are you tired of hearing year after year? (Even if you still use it yourself)!
Marching to lasalle and Jackson to wish the greedy corporate machine a happy commute
So long Alex Gonzalez. Thanks for the memories this year...oh wait.
First Day Of School = accomplished!(;
Come watch the #Broncos on one of our 50+ HD TV's
www.eartothere.com is being upgraded. We expect to be up and running within 36 hours.
put a sprinkler up on the roof if it gets too close. people do it during wildfires here.
Man, I wish. I miss the road. I'll let you know if I come across any cool bike tech stuff out here.
only on number 2 b because I was writing with my left hand
“: RT : RT : Pet parents will cut back on their own luxuries before cutting back on their pets!
That would be awesome! Maybe when we get back from LA! (after 4/22!) Wanna have "the goils" over for wine and noshes!
You are EXACTLY correct. Pierce should not be in the game.
#Brewers time.
you decided to share huh?
He's a butcher.
From a Cladrite Radio listener: You really got it going on! Trying to follow rag becoming dixieland becoming swing becoming big band--whew!
My 4 year old just saw your pic on my timeline and said BARBIE!
I have magic in my hang wanna see. Slaps you in face. Did you feel the magic. It always hurts the first time you use magic.
yea, I'm ashamed to say I've had an awkward college moment or two
heaven needs a phone:/ I need my uncle to talk to he used to help me through everything <' 3 ugh:/
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby & the sun in supposed to come out, can't think of a better reason to be at Tia's on a Saturday!
Starving & drunk. That pb&j didn't cut it.
RT Real Life is approachin when you done wit school..So does that mean we've been livin' a fake life?
agree. and respect should be earned not through "liking." thanks for sharing!
Yes there is. It's called
Excited for a little tennis match with the hubby after work...then going to Nectar in Osseo for live music from the fabulous Dustin Lee!
So glad we could help! We think you rock too!
Cool, I definitely recommend hanging out with La Barra Brava, Screaming Eagles and District Ultras if you like adult beverages.
Spent the last hour choosing fonts for my creative MS.
Just bought a classic, oversize, cable knit, cowl neck sweater at Best part? 50% off. AND it was already on sale!
I leave twitter where it's at... On TWITTER!
The wind blew smoke in my eye -_-
Holidays are coming, faster than I'd like!
sorry for your loss Jagger :(
In all honesty, even *I* wowed-out-loud when I saw it. EPIC SUPPORT RESPONSE IS EPIC.
Good morning!
I am not going to be home till sunday! I am going to a wedding!
New year, new resolutions to save $, but don't want to jeopardize your social life? Get the bartab application and never pay more than $1!
YES! YES! & Considering Vancouver if time permits!
Whats up my nig, Im going big!
From Fun stat: #Facebook could take 10% of cash on hand, stay private and give every single employee a $122,000 bonus.
Youth Pastors! is devoting ONE wknd this Summer to preparing your students for the challenges that await their faith in college
i'm coolin with my younginz *chief keef voice*
And I must tell you the the greatest singer of all time is Otis Redding!! Gone to soon!
“ Working on getting and on the team! Lets make big moves! More info coming soon...”
Nas State of Mind
I love when Michael takes me home! <3 Made my day better.
Looking for more hosts for ClimaX Sundays at Bar 721. If interested hit me up for all the details: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
Sore throat & sniffly nose. Must remember not to trash immunity staying up too late with friends while traveling on business. Worth it 'tho
Taking color palette requests for Monday inspiration boards on the blog ... Anything you lovelies want to see?
the science desk has top five most viewed stories on npr.org...im in the mood to brag..
Anything less than Pierre McGuire for #Habs GM is a major letdown.
We are good getting ready to shoot a video in Monday for our new song "Feel So Good" EXCITED :D
tell him Brian...Rice snobbery
"Up to 75% Off Laser Toenail-Fungus Removal" C'mon Groupon, I don't want to see that in my inbox
Old enough to have a kid in college.
A day out of school and full of golf. I think so
Don't tell God how big your mountain is. Tell your mountain how big your God is.
retweeting like an sob tonight
hey sorry if I gave u the wrong impression...please done think me as a creepy person or a person who harrases other people
I have a trailer 4 sale in Edwardsburg, MI @ camp Wildwood resort if ny1 is interested send me a message & I will send U pics
nah not me but I will be an enthusiastic observer on the nopants performance of others ;)
that's it!
AAAHHH!!!! Apparently its a freakin' spider army!!! "Sparta prepare for glory!!" You shall die spider fiends
yea!!! I'm pumped we are doing this lady. How are we gonna get meliss on board?
Never want to go to hollister again
Has Jeremy #Lin come back down to earth after a big loss to the #Heat? For my part, I think it's all part of him becomes a regular.
ok well u gone have to keep intouch
Hahaha, oh man... My fries, sandwich & frosty were still amazing!!!
uses Beatles song in tonight's episode.
and I'm looking forward to your tweets as well. Life is wonderful.
tony ever hang with a guy named big frank at desmonds in nyc? He worked at pemier years ago by les halles? Thx
OMG! I fangilred because you follow me on here xD, Hope you're having a good week!
What is your favorite mixed drink?
i had results i cant find it.
Where do you live now? RT : Oh, I love Wish I lived in Old Town so I could go more often.
toronto brings in 3 runs texas down by 6
She said money made cum, isaid money make you dumb,Money hungry hoes they can neva get a crumb, neva save a freak
breakfast will never be the same
Knock KnockWho's there !Annetta !Annetta who ?Annetta joke like that and you're off this bus !
Cool! I'm excited!
Historically u were my biggest upset n the only thing I've ever regret In my life
So awesome!! #LoveHasNoGender <3 RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
please follow me! #neversaynever :)
did you like to have a werk
Fear not though, Corn Mo fans, we will re-book him as soon as his schedule will allow. Morning Show shall have its Mo.
You lie and kill in the service of liars and killers.
Wish Marilyn French were here today to see her title in lights.
Coming soon!! A 3bd/2ba fully furnished home for rent in Mill Valley this July for $5,000. Contact Foundation Rentals here on Twitter!
BMTH, Architects, Lostprophets and NFG, and even Arcia Strain, and more to come, fucking buzzing
Best wishes & good luck with new career You made an indelible mark in my life this past year. So proud to call you friend.
Loving what you do will only make it that much greater
lol middle finger to those chicks! When's your prom?
#coffee Monday at ? I'll get back with a time.
Holy crap! There is like nobody on the bus!
India buffet, not barriques for me
Dear Maggie, I love your hair in your icon and your really pretty. Tweet me and you seem nice! IB: Nick or Jason😊
I tried to spoil her but she yelled at me not to and that was
you should do 2 things.. 1. ask why it is statutory. and 2. Start Believing in God.
U rock ma six!
hi Marisa. Your cousin David suggested that I follow you. Having a great dinner with his parents & him tonight!
do you tend to get more headaches the day after you run far? I do. Not sure where soreness/fatigue ends and where headache begins.
Why am I just now finding out about Trader Joe's wasabi flavored almonds?!
Is is RLIN or RLG? I've seen it now both ways...
Never have regrets, because at one point in your life, everything you did was exactly what you wanted.
do you have a link?
thank you for the invite (sincerely). It's just me and the Carlsons anyway....
Liberation is the key.
We're thinking of you, Marsi!
Tomorrow tomorrow I love you tomorrow your only a day away, or something like that
Time 2 get scrambled eggs/with tomatoes and turkey bacon
So crazy to think of Peyton as a Dolphin but I agree with Gradkowski...
I'm such a idiot but when I get myself together things will be right I guess I got to be rude and don't keep shit to myself
trace paper
And we have 110 followers! Woo!
Crashing on the couch so that I wake up in four hours
Ready for you to dazzle me with your pearls of wisdom darling...xoxo
Just got a great run in and great talk with
Herc hits again. I'll do it -
When you set your own light free, you become a veritable force of nature.
new background <3
Amazing weekend in Napa with the family. 's Bottega was divine, Farm House was also incredible. Favorite winery, Quintessa.
lol, good to know! Zeta Tau Alpha is the sorority, she's friends with all my sisters, so I'm assuming she was in Greek life
he just threw up in his seat and the dude eatin behind him has no idea
Sorry, I was in an all-day meeting.
Busy weekend ahead! Board of Trustees Meeting, Honors Convocation, Dinner with 12 Panthers, Alumni Board Meeting and Pink the Pete!
I know it's horrible I'm just now starting I feel awful about it :(
i brush my teeth so much my mouth feels like it hates me. 'least my teeth are pretty bright for a kid who doesnt regularly goto the dentist!
poorly contrived list-cool looking stadium yes. But do you really like the atmoshphere there more than the "tailgating" at MP???
lol you stupid we dont have time for no games
right on! Im bringing my gear so ima help you in some boxing and ground game!
Below The Brim is steel designing & redesigning its scene for animation
wsup on that lmfao joint you needed work on?
slash buy Mountain Lion when that comes out slash also buy a mouse 'cuz come on I'm not WASDing with a touchpad, srsly I have demons to hunt
True change, ultimately the discovery of new lands will happen only when we give up control over what is not working for us.
who is going to Kegs with Legs tonight?!
RT : Oh, good. I was afraid Madonna was actually going to sing at half time.
fyi, i'm still embarrassed to buy tampons and condoms. especially at the same time.
how bout this senior seminar jury duty
Today's BTU inspiration: "To truly love another, you must first fall in love with yourself." ~Be Truly You
well i hope they can't find you that far away then!
I just want to put this idea out there. Hunger Games dolls. Hunger Games is MY Twililght.
is so lucky to be working with Cerris Morgan-Moyer What a talent! What a lady!
Got a cold beer and a perfectly rolled dutch...
back to school... of rock
#Lakers getting completely outworked. Again. Kobe can't do it all on his own.. especially that sick.
so very true. Hope all is well!
Kind of scares me that our players from last year are tweeting pictures of riding in a Bentley and goin on talk shows. NCAA will eat that up
aw that's great! Good for u! :) have a good day!! :)
#yougottaberealspecial If I dream about you
don't you also love how these shows place a name brand pc in it but when goes to screen its running some form of Linux?
oh good. The Flyers defense is back.
what is GFlash+ ?
Can't Tim Tebow pray for this to end or something? Where is he when you need Jesus to do the world a favor?
check your DMS
rican smfh whatd you get???:p
There's more than #wine at Lifestyle companies will be there too! , , , !
I look forward to it! :)
Ok diggy simmons
The only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one.
Thank you very much! I am already working on a new one. If I could only act. lol
by the way... We met 4 months and 12 hours ago.... That's insane
I can't seem to wean myself from my Levenger circa day planner.
#vsa2011 NON-Visitor studies! Learning about audiences that are not your museum's usual constituency.
Please follow me :)
This will actually cost taxpayers more money because the state is not competing with anyone else on these projects.
Design is FREEDOM.
my fav color is PURPLE
oh you know who.
#SXSW Waitin on that performance tonight!
Sodomy & foot fetishes: the topics of #LGBT Lit, according to a faculty member. His reasons why LGBT Lit should not be taught
Bucks support "Wish I could b at the BC to watch the Bucks move into 8th. Show monta-drew-bj-and the rest of the deers love"
Hey Candance! So glad to be connected here!
Doing extreme yoga when u get that itch on ur back u just can't reach
find me for your sticker!
goodnight, Dylan (:
Got the flu shot two hours ago. Didn't feel the needle but the stories about extra soreness this year are legit.
Getting at to reply is like trying to jump off a building and fly, unless of course you had there with a jetpack!
Enterprise Analytics just became 30% of my job. Oracle and SAS... Here's hoping I find time to look into Enterprise #LinkedData approaches.
ugh May! i told her not 2 touch my fone. (thats my 13 year old cuz)
And I've exhausted by tweetivity for the day.
hm, five I think.
Stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop!
I get sick sometimes & no. I'm not dizzy. Lol. I guess I'm just lucky? x
Woman+smoking=
Thanks - and thanks for raising the bandwidth issue.
sure but say goodbye to Gibson, Asik, etc
There's no limit to the amount of Sriracha Sauce you can use. On everything.
I. Think everyone needs to take a break click the link on my profile and just go crazy with shopping fever
oh hey
also wrote novels while stationed on Sullivan's Island, SC
Hey there, ! Nice to see you on here!
haha, lies! It's a toss up between you, an punk. SUCK IT. XD
there was no music express at the carnival D:
in they face?! Lmaooo
TEN??? girrl you're smart!
what you talking about? The truck guy? Late reply! :p
Thumbs up
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
"bits go in, bits go out, question / answer style. mostly text.", unless you need something more specific?
10 feline medical research grants awarded by Winn Feline Foundation Projects selected include research in cats with cardiovascular diseas
New beginings new opportunities...New way of someone stealing my heart ☆♡☆
Charles you have a wonderful website, thank you for sharing. Looking forward to your tweets.
& while there's no desktop app, I know oneNote can save directly to skydrive as an option.
probably can't include them all (diversity of voices, you know), so send your faves, OK?
STILL POPPED!
I have to drive home in a storm. Excuse me, I didn't sign up for this.
Reading like hell@
When I text you,I miss you. If I don't,I'm waiting for you to miss me.
Hey Rach! We need to catch up sooner than later. See what is up -post SXSW and all...
just another loss. you think i would be used to this by now. oh well. lets get em tuesday.
lol I don't want to get you sickths
DON,T FORGET WHO U ARE WHEN U LEAVE THE MIRROR Hm
watch suns, and american top model :-)
Hope everyones weeks going well!
Omgomgomg. Can't wait for #RHONJ. Counting down the days for the madness. And SO happy that is back.
Nobody has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
Tornados in NYC area? I don't know, looks like global warming to me!
it's actually not. But thank you for giving us a shout out.
"This place isn't When Harry Met Sally it's When Harry Met Salmonella" -Max The Best Episode Yet!
Words can't explain how much I hate you.
lets regroup. I got some parties comin up
Manic Panic!!!
If you have an iPhone or iOS device, don't buy Rockband, it expires May 31 despite costing $4.99
My own creations. I will probably post a link to one of them sometime today.
congrats lady!
Wat do u wanna give a gift to her??
Love tv :3
Finally, lots of bird calls, is it the beginning of our belated Spring in Portland?
any idea how to get ahold of the police in a nonemergency when they don't answer at there nonemergency number?
I was there for that!:b
Gotta love presidents day
' NCAA 2012 football game features a “Mascot Mashup.” Which mascot do you think would make the best football player?
I'm so bored, I can't even think right. v.v
Look, at this point I don't care if "people are saying nasty things" or "spreading rumors about me." Just stop spamming me please.
I think he might be two sorcerers.
Working on filling my Fire Island Pines house with housemates and looking for a job as a set dresser on a film or in television.
Tip #73: Never give in...one chip is enough to win!
I sure hope my back stop hurting before tonight so I can step out
like spaceflight, 80% will throw up the first time.
I just got an Ipad! Anyone recommend any Apps for it (Iphone users included)?
RT : Just got off a call with the weather. Tried to get optimal weather for everyone but for now this will have to...
119 followers! Thank you! :)
Had a blast doing this interview about online business with my pal Yolanda. She's all about no nonsense advice for women in biz, if you...
Imagine for a second, if you dare, what the right would do to Obama if he rewrote the bible or asked kids 2?faith. #WarOnReligion my ass.
Personal branding follows the old adage - write what you know.
Some people tell me I should try to get my song played on Christian or religious radio stations also because it's very spiritual.
this Christmas only get 3 presents we forget the meaning of Christmas is to give to others, not ourselves
Looks awesome. We'll have to check it out. Maybe there is a story worth telling somewhere in there.
140 Followers! Can you get us to 150 by tomorrow? ;]
I don't think I will. I think it would make me cry and the images would burn themselves in my brain. I just don't need that. :)
Please RT if you know any elementary school teachers or children's librarians looking for a cool, free website: www.brianpcleary.com
You're welcome ! We're opening up very soon at 953 W. Diversey in Lincoln Park - next to the Diversey Brown Line stop. Hungry?
it's cinqo de mayo, I guess I should join a frat and drink enough tequila to act like a total jackass.
its pretty pathetic, then again everybody could use a few hundred bucks, lmao.
Seems like im the only one in this relationship. ready 2 let go.
it will happen soon! <3
Game recognize game and you lookin unfamiliar Lmao
WELL MY DAY JUST GOT BETTER.
Follow he's fucking awesome,true belibers(boy belibers Australia)
You know you're traveling to the same places a lot when you know your gate attendant. lol
My history teacher has been talking for the last 40 minutes. I haves no idea what he talking about
Thank you for the follow!
We got our stickers back from the printer! They look great. You can pick them up at for free to stick around town.
Saturday brunch faves?
not true. I'm proof. Much much love. *Tweeting my ass off tonight*
It was the sweet voice of ! RT : I just heard an awesome ad on the radio!
heard there's a panel on Sunday on how to create ur own Star Wars costume - u speaking???
Got to the dmv 5 mins before it opened and there were no less than 100 people in line. Guess I'm gonna have to get up even earlier Monday :(
We're heading into a reception now, we'll be back in an hour with Amy Goodman!
If I told you they were bumping Geto Boys at the pub in 30th Street Station would you believe me?
Remember we also do video production and sound for film/tv... Call us for more information... (678) 653-1883
They are going HAM in the Staple Center Tonight! Is it a FULL MOON or something!!!
love you xoxo goodnight (:
Doc rivers signs extension with #celtics for 5 years
Supper: grilled cheese with bacon on.the panini maker. Yum.
it is available as e-book for libraries though on e-brary, EBL, and EBSCOhost so your library could order it.
A real woman may slip up once & give an undeserving man the pussy but best believe he'll never get a taste of it again.
nuts! people are fanatical about bacon. :)
Guess who's the beautiful girl in my icon.
RT : Brain overload<< same here, that's y I'm laying in the bed doing nothing lol
Helpful when explaining NPS to clients RT : Delicious: 10 Things to Know about Net Promoter Scores and the User Experience:...
I love it.. it gets everything I miss.
Hales: "Strange spectacle" of using training as an excuse for police shooting
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/15/2012
Daniel Lamarre in Chicago. Key to success: R&D, collaboration and keeping up with trends. So simple!
Ignore them, Mike. They are idiots. Please stop aknowledgeing them.
We Rachaels must stay together :) Even tho its spelled different. :)
thanks for the S/O!
Ah almost time for bed #tiredasfuck #goodnightdanville 💤💤👍
yup! must be losing all my hair and clogging the drains.
are you watching glee this season?
It's like the record editing rabbit hole. One record points to two more that need work...and those to more...and more...sigh.
I CALL MA X FUCK FACE lol.
Thank you!
For years, holistic experts have understood what mainstream medicine overlooks: pH imbalance = negative effect on health.
Manic Panic :)
Dude I lost my best friend!!!! Aka Chels o.O
Spring Break...BEST invention EVER!!! Have a great Tuesday PLN!
Oxtail Poutine at the #Flatiron Truck 2 nite @ LAX. LA food does not suck.
still working hard in las vegas been working for 18 hours i am a 25 year old construction business owner
and "our" point doesn't invalidate yours - reviews that seem (or are) fake don't help an app
sac state student here! you are all amazing! i'm close by, does anyone need anything?!
that is awesome! Glad they are having a good time! Were Kylie and Alvaro happy?!?
Ego Boost
aw yeaahh ;) thatd be the coolest job ever
I'm good with the sushi. Vamps are a little played out and I hear bmws break down to much... O_o
Just had a great discussion today in the Afternoon Book Club - Frankenstein by Mary Shelley!
The freestyle Friday battle is gon be be MAD crazy cause' of cause' he go hard!!!
yes please fran stop it !
Nigga need to put together a super team of rappers on some avengers type shit
Trouble, trouble. Always (:
Is it just me?
in class waiting for 8!
Oh c'mon...Josh is AMAZING. Not to worry...Skylar will have a deal TOMORROW & she'll pick up right where JoDee Messina left off.
You cheer for your local team, the defending champs.
Inclination to pursue teaching grows stronger;we cannot effect change if we're ignorant of and unable to analyze our past (&present)
is good at an Australian accent. XD
Amazing I'm sure-what did you have?
Deleted like all my old old old DM's; took F O R E V E R.
of course. People should never stay in an abusive marriage.
beautiful story, thanks for posting. In 2001 I visited the site in Fair Lawn while I was working on photofinishing projects.
I love when I see any empty shopping cart in the middle of nowhere- it makes me think that a homeless person found a home!
good to hear you're ok
we on the Same mission, just a different grind
lol ant nun funny abt free bands
If someone buys your kid a Mr Potato head it's because they don't like you. So many F@#KING pieces to step on.
RT The Republican party has learned the lesson of Titanic, and so its motto is "women and children last."
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
There it is: the Blade Runner love scene. Love transcends inception dates.
Hah, same here.
Getting ready for Blow Pony!
Hey Boys why dont you have a signing everywhere else but Florida!
Hello????? I always thought that was self-explanatory.
Worst nightmare realized: spilled tea on my laptop, now it won't turn back on. Gonna let it dry out and hope for the best. Pray for Toshiba.
and O-M-G.
I dozed off and my cat got right up in face concerned I was ok, but really he just wanted more cat treats
One option for Internet access at Seattle convention center, $99 per day.
are you sick to<3
Awesome Idol talent this year! Love your voice, too!
Happy Mama's Day to my wonderful mom and to all the mothers out there! :)
what's up my Family Feud playing friend:-) no clue how twitter works btw.
re: promo items>suggest something that reflects your brand. can be of great help to you.....
We apologize for any inconvenience. If you require seating, please feel free to tweet us or ask for assistance. Mahalo!
i do it all the time...so i hope not.
thanks to the editor on a day where the market is getting crushed we are still able to make profits...
Happy Ash Wednesday!!! I love the representation of today and the 40more to come
Our Regular Price is $97 for our entire study course including FREE bonus materials and unlimited lifetime updates
shipment is in, I'm so excited! I can't wait to sip on that beautiful 03' Aria, M... M...
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you.
Capped off a busy day by serving dinner at with staff.
Why are you looking at me like that...
The groom has arrived and the rain is falling!
#Kansas had no business being in that game... Great season, fun run thru tourney... KU had their chance to steal that one too
State Fair Foods. This won't end well.
Found Dirtying Young Minds in B115! Come join us in a great discussion!
Fountain Hills community leaders attending "Branding" workshop. How do visitors & residents perceive FH? How do we wish to be perceived?...
oh yeah, met the sax player thirty years ago (!) at WBCN in Boston. Old friend. Taking my 17 yr. old son tonight.
Im getting rhodes to. and make him bleed out
Ive thought myself out of happiness one million times but never once into it.
IU is 6-0, who's gonna come catch tomorrows game here vs NC State?
Fashion Week TikiDolls,let's be extra #FAB and remember our founders! (: Viva La Fashionista!
the world would be a better place if we had more costume #events :) Isn't Halfway to Halloween coming up soon?
Woo! I was right haha. Have you heard of ? He was in a few jb music vid concepts and makes music :D a sweetie
Goodnight Twitter be safe cuz everybody dying out here
serious your being fooled just cause you have pictures with artist doesn't mean you had anything to do with them keep it a hundred wit us!!
we're actually out butdo have a special fruit dough! New batch of the chocolate PB banana tomorrow though :)
eLearning can be a lonely experience. Online group training, like web.alive, is more fun. at ISPI-FRC in Denver.
Power outage. Good thing I have the flashlight app for my phone cuz I don't think I own a real one.
but do you have Excel 2010?
shut up lol
Guy is a competitor! Good to see him pitching well again
xo - miss you!
I'm just far enough away to catch wind of the antics, but not get involved in them. It's neat.
crazy night...
Come to California, soon.
LOL, u are the bestest, Katie! :-)
I love you :) please follow me, it would mean the world to me !!
Wonderful parade and ceremony on Monday. Happy to have been involved. Hope to see a lot of new faces at the theatre.
Facebook Fan Thank You Special! 25% off entire check between 4pm - 6pm. Must be seated by 6pm. Mention Facebook Fan.
#boardwalkempire... one word: amazing!
Opportunity is just success looking for a place to happen. -Greg Hickman
Who is Derek?
Oh I know I shouldn't like it but I think I kinda like it all this fighting over me ;))
I know I done said this before but ima say it again fuck friends
good luck to you too!
oh I'm sure happy birthday anyway
"We are what we repeatedly do; excellence is therefore not an act but a habit." - Aristotle To freshen Restroom, Fast, use Mouthwash/Wcloth
This is really close. Bumgarner and Cain canled each other out. The rest of the deal depends on need..I'd lean towards doing it.
Is it just me or does Jaromir Jagr look a hell of a lot like Razor Ramon these days?
love you too<3
My #Spurs Play Tonight 👍❤
It's time for some new songs on my iPod
yeah not with Barajas on base. Bad bunt by Barmes too RT : dumb decision though
you are so cool, hip, and fun!
I'm obsessed with you baby.
erm what?we should tweet "rip belieber elizabeth" to show our respect while you beliebers were HAPPY that another caitlin than beatles died?
Anything above, say, Saginaw, is above the first knuckle and therefore open for mockery.
It just might be, but that would be years off.
Not bringing guitar to language arts today...don't know song well enough yet. And my crush kind of put me in a bad mood...😔
And sigh.....someone at work let me know that OK is the reddest state in the nation. Thanks for telling me something I didn't know
Passing your kindness forward is a transcendental action, one which provides the giver and the receiver with a greater sense of being...
Know of any good sublet apt. deal in NYC Hell's Kitchen or theater district for couple starting in August, 9 mos.-1 yr. or so? DM me if so.
#trueblood quotes "He's on a vacation with Jesus"
How are they thrown under the bus? They're using the larger locations for the event. Ones with big, air-conditioned rooms.
I use to ride that part of Montezuma Rd in High School. Scary then; Scary now.
Anyone in the dating "how to" niche going to #asw12? Let's connect!
what u drinkin?
Maybe, just once, someone will call me 'Sir' without adding, 'You're making a scene.'
People of substance always carry a wealth of details in the nuances of their creative analysis!
you really have no idea how much I love you dammit! I'm watching hot in Cleveland right now.
Hi! I hope you're doing well! :) We're tracking tonight. We'll get you music super soon!
Obama drives his message, pushed limits
...and 14 years since Dharma & Greg aired their "sex in public during the Seinfeld finale" episode...
Good Morning!!!
Damn. Marlins lose 3-2 to the Pirates.
Great advice!
oh I hear ya, but way worth it RT“: minor beer headache for me”
i just sent u something sarah....is the email the same?
When shopping for your next new vehicle, check out the #MelloyDodge reviews, covering current & late model Dodge & Ram automobiles.
lol its Playlist live!!You should go!!Get me his autograph if you go!!:)
I wish
When one door opens, another one closes,and while some people dwell on the closed door, others notice the opened window.
Thanks I took that photo last night
new music again and again
he surprised me after Marine Corps Bday Ball... After I spent entire nite saying "Theres no ring on my finger. I'm a free agent"
You're everything I've dreamed of having
@ serenity's?
I'll be keeping an eye on this story. I love my Nook Tablet.
only respond with something
in the studio got sum fire
no problem! :)
“: Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak--and to sit down and listen - Winston Churchill”
Oh, yeah! happy Pandora morning. Will you teach me how to Dougie?
's Shore Store" May 19th, 2012 at 1084 Morris Park Ave., Bronx ..
Gotta get ready for the morning show! ;)
really? Im sorry. He hasn't said anything to me haha
Apple Mac iOS5 Assistant. Super Cool!!
When couples call each other baby and babe contantly, I want to throw them off a bridge
I did not get enough sleep to deal with this bullshit.
honesty is the way to go
There will be exactly 12 hours of daylight today. "Spring" begins on Tuesday. Summer weather moved in last week!
What was your favorite memory of 2011?
will you drive with me to lubbock to see wcar omm mmi and texas in july?
Hey *if* I was affected? Great comprehension skills. Do you code with that mind too?
I'm sure MLK's dream was for one day out of the year we celebrate his legacy with an extra 10% off at Sears
Thanks Clare!!!
happy birthday! 🎉
thank u so much(: Ti Amo to you to
Damn dude! Who the fuck told you that u could DJ?
(Hales Corners) Crash might be at 92nd & Grange
JUNE SPECIALS: *Deluxe 60minutes $95 *Ultra Month unlimited $120 *Executive Month unlimited $95 *Premium Month unlimited $70
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask
#Milwaukee PD and FD investigating possible pipe bomb found at 2nd and Wells. We are live at 5am.
A bit strange not to be running/training 2day. Thrilled to have finished the RNR Marathon yesterday!! Will start running again soon.
What did you get for number 14? Really? I got something different and I know I'm right...
Thanks much for the #FF. Have a great holiday and think of us northeners when the snow starts to fall.
Headed to Sea Ranch today woo woo!
Phone fucked up
lol RT yeah I know I know !
hey check your DM's...
I just sent a ninja your way with instructions to give you a hug. If you don't notice when it happens, it's ok- he's a ninja.
can i get a follow back ?(:
We have extended our Black Friday Sale on beer pouch sweats, $10 off at www.brewcityonline.com
- great article!
Yes it is, with Angostura Orange Bitters added, found in a cocktail book from 1900, Modern American Drinks.
Just LOVE how playful #DWTS is this season! That was awesome!
Donors make PDX/Vanc community strong with $22 million via United Way. #uwcelebration. Thnx to all
thanks for the Mojo bars! I ate one for lunch today! Great show. Nice to see you too.
G'day ^Scott. Generally after producing a certain # of lines w/ #linetool it crashes. Recently rebuilt my PC for
I wonder if it's the same one. Did it come in a blue ragboard box?
Arms are jello after fusion, not sure I'll survive crossfit tonight. In other news, I wish fusion had more fans in their studio, yikes
Nippy day and I love it!!!!
what is hash exactly?
Check out Swagnet, they have a cool and refreshing site that fills your fashion sense
Looks like a good beer and blasting is my new cooking ritual. Panko-crusted chicken breasts isnt very rock-n-roll tho.
RIGHT when I'm about to turn my phone off tweets an attractive picture of Liam.
don't worry i dont wanna text you either.
lol. I swear some of these fans are so immature Dyl should buy them some diapers or something.
you know it congrats!
Grades are up!? Time to see how my hardwork paid off
black ones looked like Baylors - we know how that turned out for them - so I'll go with Orange
Another episode & your 1st marriage proposal. Me:Let’s go ahead & run a credit check while we wait for the fingerprints.
Just blinking across the top....occasionally stop with one light
RT 'Retweet' this post if weight loss is your New Years Resolution for 2011!!!!
Feature request: filter to never (ever) show me fulfilled results. Ever. Ever.
follow me please... thats my biggest #DREAM ♥
A1: 3/4 to savings, the rest in my spending account for #Vegas next month!
I need a cellphone with a flash.
I'm laying in bed still just lookin at it... n I'm thinking I'm just gunna have to pack it back up n a couple months.
You think the guy you like is flirting with you but when he acts the same with every other girl it changes everything!
Mei-Ann Chen just took the podium at First TN Bank Women's Initiative meeting! Mphs Symphony Orchestra
The whole point of conservative activism is to get conservatives elected. Don't get distracted, do work.
Wat to call it
My bathroom mirror is the gayest object in existence.
have fun :)
by the time I'm on to a meme it's almost over so hurry ;)
what a Fucking body!! Doesn't get better than that!
Love that we get to open the windows today, but I'm going to regret it when all the loud-mouthed neighbors come out...
I cannot wait to see what is going to WOW us with this year #2012 I love you cody!!
you gave us many memories in Denver and alot of ppl are mad but i thank you for that Melo!. I aint mad at cha(Tupac Voice)
I'll paraphrase Generico from the last PPV you did in Toronto (and it actually WORKED!) "REFUND....NOW!"
I watched this one! That girl didn't deserve to win anything if you ask me
Q: What do you get if Bach dies and is reincarnated as twins? A: A pair of Re-bachs.
u are very thoughtful Kim
To download the special booklet celebrating the 100th anniversary of Imis birth, click here
Congratulations to Mark Zuckerberg as #Facebook starts trading this morning at the
i'm not going skiing w/ nobody black people and snow don't mix . send me to Jamaica and i'll be happy :D
Happy New Year to you too! Look forward to a great 2012!
I think you should cast non-celebrities vs celebrities, I'll take them all down ;)
Too funny -
LOL..you're funny! Cyberspace...meaning Twitter! Sleeping with rockstars? Are u in Hollywood?
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
i like women like my cash no wrinkles.and worth somthin to not just me but to herself . Not like credit cards cause they are just plastic
Allright sweethearts, Im going of to bed \O
Yes true but all the movies out are terrible! I'll think of something... I've cleaned and organized the heck out of my house. :)
Things slightly askew
Looking for a good (weekly, non-platform specific, non-rambling) tech news podcast. Help me, Internet.
its great as always. dont you miss your 360 at all?
Even if u dnt fuck with Baseball (which is CRAZY to me (but whtever) u gotta Love the New York & Boston rivalry....
crying seems to be more of a trend now a dayss .. /:
Real men know that "love" is NEVER a dirty word!
I need a spa day. Like a FULL day. Going from treatment to relaxing, rejuvenating treatment.
How bout them Astros...
I will never take a Fox Sports Network channel seriously until they get rid of the lame NFL Robot.
Hey you. I miss you:
The road to success is uphill all the way.
If you gotta ask, you’ll never know. ~Louis Armstrong, when asked what is jazz
Wutz up gorgeous?
Just fabulous! Think I tinkled a lil' on crotch swatches.
Organoderma beverages cleanse toxins from the body aiding in weight loss.Good for you and tasty too!Check out my website.
please stop snorting your pet.
tighten up, you ain't saying shit; you and your boy ain't nun.
omfg you idiot.
OMC's "How Bizaare" has played twice today in places ive went. I swear if I hear LEN next im Going to run out oh here screaming
The mobile guide for iPhone is live! Just download free ici app, then select FiberPhiladelphia channel.
((: Cheer me Up Cutiee
so glad to hear! What did you have?
pshh i'm not scared of you guys
. Could you repeat that please?
Sounds like you're an outstanding host & tour guide!
That's an impressive level of discipline (limiting it to once a year) -- but 'tis the season! Enjoy!!
happy birthday :) !
hi every 1
Markets are running on empty now. New commitments hard to make on the long side for the pros.
what's the spot for Monday???
OH THANKZ FOR REMINDING ME!
I come alive in the night time.
movies with my bruderr:)
i know you are..i don't take offense to anything..Im sarcastic
Wow i'm so bored in jazz band. We have good players its just really boring. Well the bell is going to ring
Since looks to have the party's nod, can we seriously talk about the slogan #mittstheshit —am I the only one who wants tshirts?
I don't know what happens in the time between awaking up and coffee...gray area.
: what are the dream projects we would like to see in digital literary studies?
“: aw... def wish you were there!! :(” would've loved to see Trista!
You need to have a show dealing with PTSD from DV and some type of financial settlement from the abuser
hell yea lol has too I can't do it to one of those acne hair not done bitches I want someone lookin good befor and after
The new Passion Pit single doesn't have anything resembling a hook and the lyrics are even worse. It's like radio Kryptonite.
: ===> Yes. What is your latest cool new store/restaurant?”
I had a Fat Tire in your honor.
Goin to da animal shelter with
Fans of The Artist and our particular brand of comedy... do yourselves a favor and go watch the OSS 117 movies on Netflix right now.
Human dignity and freedom not measured by western standards and metrics. - #ideation12 Agreed! Let's move 4rm cultural imperialism
Thank u . Can u wait for November 2012????
Fighting Illini are Fighting IRRELEVANCY! The fball and bball situations aren't just biggest embarrassments in Big10 but ENTIRE COUNTRY!
you already know shawty
#storagewars makes me want to do
so i was showing my host fam all of my friends on FB and they called you a "Zanahoria", i guess theres not many red heads here lol
ok what about Out of time with Denzel Washington
Learning About Dual Diagnosis Treatment Centers In Illinois ...
ILL FOLLOW HIM BUT YOU WILL HAVE TO FOLLOW ME.
Sometimes obstacles are God's way of making us prove to Him that we are ready for the things that we pray for!
I did! It was so amazing! I had friends that were there & got them to text location.
all day, e're day.
"TBS. Very Funny"...oh wait...minus the fact that George Lopez is on there.
": I <3 Black people" Why can't everyone?
thanks sister!
You're one attractive old lady, Steven Tyler.
it is drizzling now- how about you? We really can't complain when Denver has 12 inches of snow!
I tweeted that a million times. but it was a while ago?when's the last recent tweet you've seen that im single
word. I have two seats saved for you. Front and center.
Thinking about which new artist to feature in our gallery... any suggestions?
Haha, I'm always kidding with my predictions...happy thanksgiving, Go Ravens!!
ok but you have to buy ;-)
I woke up one day and didn't like kmfdm anymore. New Opeth is almighty. Drinks soon
it would be so nice if you would just erase from my mind completely.
but seriously your beautiful && we do need to hangout more!
what time does the party start ? Lol
Likewise! Pleasure to meet you. Hope you had a good time in the Duke City!
Adele looks fantastic!!
It does, but it (apparently, I haven't read it) has poor writing, tortured relationships and bad sex scenes.
All my hope is on Michigan State to WiN it ALL!
we sure do hope you're enjoying those brewskies, Mike. Be warned, horniness may occur ;)
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?
wht does that do?
Shock. Disbelief. Sorrow. Life is short and tomorrow is never promised. R.I.P.
Update: the Lexus Xmas commercial jingle/song is still in my head. On repeat.
One of our songs is being featured as one of the Top 11 Songs of 2011 on ! Check it out
Us, DUH lol
Call 800-200-TAXI to get a free ride in DC thru 12/31 so if you're super cheap have a few today call them and say you live at the airport.
I feel like crying :c
st. patty's day is this saturday? great. best excuse to stay home ever.
35-30, they leading RT : Somebody tell me the score since I'm at work
Why thank you dear! I've got turquoise shoes on too! I was going full-out color-blocking. ha!
it's all in your head. Be numb, that's all. Don't think about any of it because once you do, you get sad.
Downtown lovin tonight 💗
dear remote desktop, kcuf your selective disconnect!
When your ex says,"You'll never find anyone like me." Reply with, "That's the point!"
great!the only thing u have to is edit a pic of u sayin anything u would like.(:&when u r done with it tweet it to me..(:
I love you :)
Follow Me and Help to defeat sponsor of the #Keystonexl legislation
Hey gurl la la la la gurl wanna play ah ah
Need about 60 #nola themed Christmas snail-mail cards, going to hit Magazine. Any suggestions?
Great, Good luck!
I whent to downtown with socks, and came back with none :(
Someone #downtown tried to give me a #sandwich. I said "I'm not #homeless I'm a #hipster."
Awhhh i love turtles lol : D
Spring break sure felt like only a weekend..
RT : Hallmark Creative Internships - app deadline 3/1! Tell your friends...
Apologies for the abrupt end to the Bronson trial tweets. Phone & laptop reception pooped out in the middle of husband's testimony.
Once again, it snows on spring break. Shit.
As long as it's not Jayson Williams I think we're OK.....
I always knew he was gay.
Sure thing! I'll DM you her # ;)
waiting for the DM at the Fashion Show mall Apple store!
yeah for sure :)
My friend just delivered me my pamperedchef delivery with a wopping 20% discount. I could never cook without their stoneware again.
Great Weekend! RT : Good win Lakers im cool now Lakers and Mayweather got wins off
I'm pretty sure she hid my baby's blankie... he deserved it though
Sorry, couldnt resist taking that out of context.
Just joined with Twitter this is cool :)
Third Temptation of Paris♥
Unfortunately for my husband, who has a concert tonight, I'm the kind of wife who irons wrinkles *into* shirts.
Just signed up for another project!
Air show in 2 mins finna kill it go 2 radio school .com and click Arlington location Dallas stand up !!!
I do... lol that's why i'm so busy
yea love you considered Redbone!
CAPS LOCK DOESN'T AFFECT PUNCTUATION SO WE'RE ALL GOOD! (AND @ MENTIONS AREN'T CASE SENSITIVE EITHER LOOKS LIKE)
Edgy Hair Salon Dubstep
Mary Wortley Montagu~ Life is too short for a long story.
More of a walking picnic, aka the Bánh mì sandwich. To quote Sam Spade, it was the stuff that dreams are made of.
I know what you're saying. :P
A ministry helps people find and stay in homes in Garfield - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via
This article gets it wrong. Racism is structural &systemic. It is the combo of prejudice + power.
Celebratory cake at the office made me feel like superman staring down some kryptonite
ugh lmaooo I had to go correct that
In Vegas for the day but no Nov 9 or football for me--just househunting :(
God, I have the biggest #girlcrush ever on Mathai.
Start out buying diapers in smaller quantities. Make sure to find a good fit & remember newborns get bigger quickly.
Today is going to be a lazy Friday!!!
What is beez in the trap even about?
Oh boy November is turning out to be a west coast travel filled month. SFO, PDX, and SEA.
Mavericks were down 15 going into the 4th...they now lead by 7
the partí wad Boeing because I wasn't their baby girl!!
The hallway smells like biofreeze.
Uh oh.
why isn't there a dr. strange in #NYC?
done and done
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet
I'm a bacontarian.
Did i miss sum??!! RT : Bay need to hurry up and call me back! Smh My joe my joe *Evette Voice* lol
sorry, credit to for showing me this.
Sending love from North Carolina. You make us so proud!!!
Ha! RT : "Women should declare themselves corporations so Republicans will stop trying to regulate us."
Please!“: I volunteer to be the gay Siri on the new iPhone. "OOH GURL! You're lost AND late. Pull over so we can have a drink!"”
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Now I feel I have an unspoken deal with the paparazzi "I won't do anything publicly interesting if you agree not to follow me." - Matt Damon
Just finished meeting with Pastor Darius Pridgen of True Bethel Baptist, one of the most dynamic and progressive pastors in Buffalo
I always knew that I would be the man they ride the greyhound, but I'm more a Peter Pan, we the fam.
If enough of us retweet this will it come true? RT : Milwaukee really needs a breakfast taco truck.
When I need you the most your never here </3
the red album did stupid numbers. You tripping
Just finished outlining ch. 3. Will be #amwriting it later tonight. Busy family day first.
Our friends at are giving away free tees, just like them on Facebook and follow them on Twitter for a chance to win!
FOLLOW ME?!
Thats why you're my cuddle buddy!!
Oh god same, im shaking and everything D:
ahh my bad. I'm not fond of that practice at all. By all means carry on and may the force be with you :)
A twinkie for every hour of gardening! Or just dangle a twinkie on a stick in front of me. Hehehe.
Umm sorry to burst your bubble but we just don't care 😒
Son of a bitch. Just broke another tooth. Damn side effect of being ill last year. Can anyone recommend a good emergency dentist?
“: dear twitter, I'm single.” READ HIS TWEET AND STFU. thanks.
Go Steelers! I would love to see them play GB in superbowl!
So strange when tweets from last November show up in TweetDeck.
the accidental touchdown?
Thanks for the RT!
Full Color Printing on Black Cardstock. Create the perfect impression for your clients. Order now at 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420
followback is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT AND MINIMIZATION REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 7 Reasons Your Business Or You Needs Our Cleani
Following ya Goldie!! :) *Hugs*
I actually have no idea. i guess because Victoria likes Ariana, but Ariana doesn't like her. Idk, that's what ive heard. :(
Just took my Pre-workout #Neurocore from looking forward to a Kick Butt workout!
thank you. genuinely flattered.
Good morning twitterverse!
How do you expect us to choose between three flawless shirts?? <3
of curse pero no a meternos
Right? I don't even know why I go there. It's like there's a $50 minimum.
What a wonderful weekend, 2nite Lincoln Hall to see and Tomorrow, & my favorite lady arrives!
Thanks for the #FF shout out.
@#xboxfamily be careful of the headsets. Kids use bad language and bully on internet-connected video games. no headsets!
The stage is perfect...stremlined yet bold, simple but interesting. And Sandy Harbrect's outfit matches perfectly.
Certainly. But lucky for us: you are one of the people I know who is most likely to say something useful in 140 characters. Welcome!
haha thx I'm just out here giving 100% for the team. But as you know I am heavily subscribed / boosterish on yr. updates & content
Im just tryna live it up!!!
Lol. Blew $800 waiting for the tournament to start. QQ < A6, QQ < 55 and bricked an open ended straight flush draw.
Shout out to all my new followers. Too many to shout out. ;)
that sounds just like what a cowboys fan would say
i'm on the car primo...can you send the mp3 straight to my email...without #wetransfer....as an attachment so I can listen now???
You don't know it, but some day, I wont care for you anymore.
NYC - upstate NY - NYC - Phoenix - LA for two days - Munich - Berlin - Bremen - LA. i only travel by whirlwind for the next 30 days.
Looking for Karaoke? We have it covered. Come in tonight at 10.
Wishing everyone a terrific Thursday!
Just got let out of jury duty. Quite an experience, even without getting to see a trial - the defense rejected me as a juror.
he totes does. srsly. he so does but whatsherface doesn't. ugh
Welcome to Twitter!
Thank Mark Sanchez, he made Mark Brunell relevant last season. Paris Hilton should sign with the Jets.
Got my first order in the mail today! Excited to try it out!
Great movie. Terrible marketing. I wish it would have found its audience in theaters.
Leaving for Hawaii early in the morning ... Super excited !!!! My new home for a year or more .. Can't wait 8-)
How many jobs did #Flipper really create?
Just posted "Julia"-- a song I wrote with Bonnie Hayes. Thanks so much to Gawain Mathews for a lovely mix.
NOT a good idea no...
I just don't understand why an EX will say bad things about me. If he/she has problem with me then better tell it to me.
I think I'll remember that laptop for awhile :)
For all of you that have school tomorrow.. #SucksToSuck!
chocolate chip muffin at chango just saved my life.
Romney is wealthy and has hair? Two reasons for me to despise the entitled prick even more!
Fun update: my EP 'Escape Reality will include a remade version of my song 'These Friends'. :)
Good thing that little boy wears glasses or else the pebble his buddy threw at him might've hit him in the eye.
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x8
The problem w TIME cover it's a subversive way for MM to slam attachment parenting, 'cuz bf until that age is so outside 'norm.'
I'm on a lot now cause I don't have a fb anymore lol
Listen for Diebomb Doom Music on Itunes soon, Amazon.com now!
It bugs me when people don't have profile pictures.
Yep RT : May does it again. Props to Cotto. He might've tested him more than anyone else. I was very entertained tonight.
If Sshe Really Wanna Hoe For Ah Plaaya She Gone Hit My Line#
Find me Tuesday 3/27 at The Armed Forces Foundation 8th Annual Congressional Gala-Washington DC
I IS SPEECHLESS IDK WAT TO SAY LIKE I CANT KEEP MY MOUTH CLOSE
This timeline is moving faster than Bristol Palin at an all-you-can-eat moose-meat buffet.
That's great, by the way that commercial shoot was great to work. I had a lot of fun
RT : Rep. Walberg wants even less federal control when than the Rokita amendment would do.
meet and greet
Bed soon(;
At 300+lbs. there will be no questions about where Gov. Christie was born.
these niggas outside boxing in the hallway smh. Just knocked this nigga grill down lol.
thanks for doing that. Can we start a contact list?
Someone go to the gym with me?
Abt Tunes Volkswagen Beetle - Inside Line
Leave me alone.
Hall and Oates "Private Eyes" back to back with Rockwell "Somebody's Watching Me." Consider me paranoid
CHEESE BREAD is for now! $6.99 delivered. BOOM.
Store Closing Liquidation!!! UP TO 80% OFF NOW! Chika Chika Galleria Mall Henderson, NV!! Get the good stuff while they last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 weeks left till Halloween order your costumes now .......great quality not that cheap nylon you get in the store....
Giant latte and getting some work done
RT : Under 's Failed Leadership, WI Loses 6,200 Private Sector Jobs in April
ill make it an Irish coffee and pretend I'm there
...apparently Hunter Mahan has won twice this year, though. This, a follow up to my last tweet regarding the PGA Tour.
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! We provide tested and screened Adminstrative Professionals - temp or temp to hire. Call 881-3449
Covanta Tackles the Biofuel Front-End - Alternative Energy Stocks
Come on, didn't anyone tell you only men work in technology? ;) (we're completely teasing!)
I like to walk around wearing a life jacket...just in case.
Awareness is one of our greatest gifts! II RT It takes a person who is wide awake to make his dream come true.
I seriously can't get over how cute your daughters are! they are little fashionista's...deff follow after their mother xoxo
Had to shower/dress in something other than soccer shorts/t-shirt today. After a week of studying/test taking/paper writing not used to it!
RT : What do you call a budget bill without any fiscal portions? [Class Warfare]
Just turned the air conditioning on. In the middle of December. Hate you, Austin.
helped raise $500k for schools in Joplin, MO after tornado devastation. at
I really don't feel like doing homework.
You fucktard . . . I was tryna get to school early today
lol....that was a good one.....Two Words: Keep Dreamin! you have a long way to go!!!!!!
The revolution will not be televised. The revolution, is live.
Fer Troy!
People must mistake me with the actor Michael Ealy. I won't complain tho
Fantastic day thanks to the ninjas in my life: & the hubs!
your welcome :)
if my laptop freezes and stops working one more time I'm gonna cry. I really don't wanna have to pay for a new one. omg.
aww, that's cute .. I guess
Listening to Joni Mitchell's Blue album for the first time right now. Still looking for my #artistchick who can cook.
thank you so much!! :)
One week until I see at The Mint in LA :D
listening to the whole album in order, in one sitting, is the only way to do it the first time around.
Heads up all! We are coming back from this holiday weekend with some goodies up our sleeves!!
I'll probably do it tonight.. can you tell I procrastinate a lot?? ahahaha
Wait, I thought Facebook was making us lonely.
We are hiring! Come to the Chi Bar at 6pm tonight for a drink and to learn more. shirts go to the first 50
#TeamThundet or deal with the lightning
What will Gov Patrick and the legislature do to address the #MBTA deficit long term? 2013 and beyond
Earlier this week I thought I'd be closing on both houses tomorrow so I switched all of my utilities. I bet this is related.
thanks for the #FF mentions today.
I would like pizza with pizza on the top
Nikki Minaj is soo garbage, she owes me 6 minutes of my life back... worst performance ever
Agree w 3, 4, 6, 7 but strongly disagree w #1. Ah fuckit, this article drove me nuts when I first read it & still annoys me now.
Used in a sentence: For where jealousy and faction are, there is confusion and every VILE deed. James 3:16
Wanna go see him :-)
"Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others." Robert Louis Stevenson really like this one. enjoy
Never trust a Star Fukker.
would it really be a shock though?
I am confirming this also. MT : Confirming earlier reports: Cleveland moved up to No. 3 in trade with Minny.
detto RT : Thanks so much !! great knowledge
This bounty money might bankrupt #Philly by Opening Day!
Hope you all had an eggceedingly good Easter! (groan). And with that eggcellent omen, I begin my helmsmanship of Osprey twitter....
#ihate when someone can't form a sentence without saying "like" at least 10 times.
it's illegal to ride on the sidewalk
The show in Madison has a special drink, consisting if pineapple juice, midori, vodka and whipped cream (shudder). 'WTF' indeed
had to start my acting career somewhere
street rat
Hell yeah!!
Home foreclosures are down 14% from last year! Let's keep the great news going in the coming year!
Call me paranoid, but I really feel like the observer effect is having an impact on my behavior.
as soon as I saw you got a twitter account, I knew Ron Paul had something to do with it! :)
R.I.P Jimmy Sabater. Great singer, Timbalero Wonderful Person You will be missed.
Watching march of the penguins in English...I love me my penguins!
we sliding on yall beats fool keep dropping fool imma killing holding dwn FLA
good looking bro!
Academy Award Winner Sandra Bullock... meh
#Humber has pitched a #PerfectGame for the White Sox
"We're going to get really geeky very soon." haha
i want pauls job!
I got oomf hooked on sports
They've converged the art of music, sound, color, movement into one artistic performance, which is unusual.
Whether the #Lakers win tonight or not, one thing is certain...your Mom deserves a mother's day gift! -Team SheaMoi Naturelle
Ah see I'm the navigator of the group
I'm very pleased with how twitter has taken the place of my Facebook. Can't emphasize it enough.
Im supposed to wake up at 7am...still cant sleep
Wow. I totally missed this tweet! I had a blast too! Thanks for the invite! =)
my friend who is black was followed throughout the store by security he told the clerk he was being profiled, the guard
lmao pretty much you in a nutshell
care to explain?
. Steven hill still out there, have wanted him from the get! Cmon #dabears!!!!
Liked our tweets? You can find us in person at the Social Business Meetup at 5pm across the hall
WOO!!! 50 followers in one day S/O To all you people.glad i got people to follow back.
longtime no see battle.
Okay write-up. I simply found out your blog site and wished to say I've truly liked reading your opinions.
you're not gonna brew in your bathtub are you?
EGCG blocks weight gain...haha, I have some delicious green tea in the cupboard if you would like to borrow it?
As a people, we have become obsessed with Health
the 1 employee possibly handling lost luggage just left the desk w 20 people in line No one @ ticketing upstairs is helping either
I cant believe this
lol they ing on ya boy
second star to the right, and straight on til morning....
tell her isaid Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Don't worry... more to come!
hahaha i love ya 2... srr but i must say that i cant wait for u!!! ily so much... ;*
lol- ready for a Oceansprray commercial?...
best tag ever. Hahaha
follow me plz it will mean the world to me
Dear Patron: the golf pencils provided at the circulation desk are not for drawing on the walls.
I GOT A NEW NOSE RING :)
What a perfect day! We’re having pizza for desert, care to join us?
Adam Rodriguez!!!!!! RT : Have a baby from any celebrity, which would it be?
:( u didnt comment pic i sent u
it's frustrating - this isn't an antibullying bill and it's not just about free speech infringement
thanks for posting this; as I was reading articles about him, I had similar thoughts regarding the ECT
you have a lot of followers. how many of them are literally following you? i bet at least 3
we picked up 2 seats. How many did you get ???
don't be callin my mama that! U guys gonna play in Nash or wut? Got a fat one waitin for yas
Wah ya said now, give it to me baby
Thats the way to go! I just made myself the best chocolate ice cream delight ever...If I could, I would share...
