Robert Glasper, Bilal and Lupe's verses. Every morning... In my heart in my mind.
hahah #dang son!
send any sports questions you have we are starting the show!!!
Don't a little cold stop from having fun go on out and have a good time just be responcible about it. especially with frozen roads
Let's go Bruins! Er, Let's go Caps! Uh... Let's go hockey game!
Its a wedding weekend. Rehearsal tonight with a fantastic wedding tomorrow. I can't wait.-Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
He shut down the company but did someone from the company find this druggie teenage girl?
not the cheeseburger....i got a pizza from walmart & put fajita meat on top...lol...fatboimix
Nine more likes and we'll hit 14,000! Bet we do it today! Spread the love hit that share button!
Congratulations, Alex! RT Way to go and your new membership to Alpha chapter at U of A.
your boyfriend sold out Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes? No way, mine too :D Kidrauhl Our Boyfriend
Just discovered I fit into youth sized Nike's. For $30 less. Kristen - 1, Nike - 0
DuBois: "when God makes a sculptor He does not always make the pushing sort of person who beats his way through doors thrust in his face.”
Aww, how romantic. I'm impressed - good luck to both of you.
not sure if you are still looking into facebook for 3t, but thought that you might find this interesting
WTF! How does Brown get a penalty on that?! Smith is a REAL piece of shit. I'm really starting to hate that guy...
#northpark is only overrated when I'm out of town. I've kept that hood real since 84'.
Whoever wants to get owned in cod; add me on live, I just got it. SaInT NiCk 77
Sean Lahman: Evolution preceded revolution in digital cameras - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
Generally, I don't like "concerts," but Avett Bros? On The Lawn? I and Can't and Wait.
Wish I was 's #OLLG<333
A high of 59 today? Time to break out the Borat thong.
Y'all do know the Sixers are gonna EAT the Celtics right?
I'll swing by there tomorrow and we'll see what we can do. You have time?
you keep givinng tebo credit 4 just winning, but wanna take all the credit away from Flacco when he wins.. Double standard
On my way to #WrestleMania in Miami with !
I sent u a txt
We focus on our customer's needs & work to earn their respect by building long-term relationships based on trust & customer satisfaction
All around great experience at last night-best comfort food I've had in NY and a true neighborhood atmosphere.
to lazy to do homework
Amen to that! I Love that song so much! :D
RT IF YOUR AN ICONiac . ♥ -ash(:
I want some candy.
students at #occupymondays discussing irony of protesting Wall Street w/ private, commercial social media. Inspired by
plz u gotta put and all other artists in #TheUnionNetwork in ur rotation!
favorite thing about Jax so far?
#6 from Burger King with a orange drink!
's Laura Faer on AB 2145: We need data to 'determine what works and does not work' on school discipline
My mentions are dead, bo )':
Her - "You look like a young Steve Buscemi" ...Not sure how to take that one
instead of Josh? Is that why everyone is possed?
nice and how was it
attending confernce for entrepeneurial librarians at Wake Forest.
damn did everyone make the team? Haha
they corrected it to right ankle like that helps
#Grandstanding MT : Lamborn getting the media attention he sought from #SOTU boycott. He's on Fox w Greta Van Sustern tonight.
Seriously, if he had invested even $2 million, he could live off the interest.
Refreshing follower numbers is like watching an odometer at about 200mph. 167K and counting
Oh my God. #MichaelJackson's #ImmortalTour is INDESCRIBABLE. Oh. My. God.
Had a great times this morning did a great job! Safe travels back to NYC.
@ 106andpark hate it when friends try telling you what they did with some dude last night
You're welcome! Yes, it bites. :)
We gave our new parttimers a seven-page list of projects and tasks to rate so we can better fit interests and needs.
Dunno where he's been but saw Omar just a lil while ago! Love to see #greatartists know eachother! :)
Consumers want to know the food they’re buying is safe—and good.
Just learned there are apps to remind you to give your dog Heartguard and Frontline each month. Timber and Ridley will be so happy!
MUST★☆Follow and thank you to my friend
Bmore peeps, you should go see this band: RT “: Ottobar in Baltimore tonight!”
Tweet us your #WhenAustin's and we'll tweet them and give you credit! :D
so not only heart, but nerve problems? This girl sounds like a train wreck that the medical community has been looking for
So I'm getting my license tomorrow I guess. Okay. Cool. Haha
I love local beer and good food and great conversations with good friends!
You mad bro?
In honor of 's birthday I will only do zumba moves out at the bars tonight
Oh shit. . I'll be a junior next year . . I'M GETTING OLD
I can't wait to check out Kailua Whole Foods next Friday.
Sessions, sessions and more sessions......
Amazing things happening at Techtown in Detroit!!
spam spam spam spam spammy spam spam.
it just comes natural.. Ya know? “: you are such a pretty girl!”
Thanks for the RT! Hope all is well
I love Twig. Especially since they discontinued "cherish". Also, "capricious" and "amourous".
Headed to downtown with joe fuckin Mosso !!!
I live in a group home now. It's where homeless kids live. And now i gotta go to group breakfast...ughh.
might wanna do that soon considering the concert is in 11 days lmfao !
Foundations are prescribing the path to the outcomes, not just the outcomes themselves.
Thank you so much!!!! xx
i'm summer swaggin so hard :D
yes if they get another home win, its theirs. but cant count out Mia that easy
The dirt tracks around here won't let u in pits if your pregnant. Does Nascar have any guidelines? Just curious.
Williamsburg Grand Illumination!
I've tried bro, its slow as fuck at my job and we're struggling...she said if it gets worse she's leaving
LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK!
Long weekend, holiday... oh yeah and cataloging homework... who could ask for more :-)
Martin and I won't be at the speedway this weekend. He's racing in Laguna Seca.
Giant Panda Gorilla Dub Squad just rocked the airwaves! Greener Grass Band on next!
New markdowns in Men's & Shoes Women's and Kids apparel, Accessories and more oh my. So much for so little!
Hulu chief executive Jason Kilar said the number of people who paid $8 a month for the Hulu Plus service hit 875,000 in June
#welovezayn the only thing he terrorizes is the hearts of girls everywhere <3
Hate going to bed with a lot on my mind, oh well.
And I gotta find Princeton.. who's probably stalking Rocsi.. Lol
you think your Amish with that beard beet?
have fun in Vegas boys. Don't get any strippers pregnant.
i really need to buy some more snacks for work. i'm all cleaned out... and hungry.
I'm glad that at the payment confirmation stage while shopping online there's not a checkbox that asks "Do you really need this?"
"Soul Swagger Entertainment * Marketing Music Swagger Worldwide". I still feel like SOMETHING is missing...
Had a dream A decided instead of presenting papers annually we should have limbo contest to decide #1 anthropologist
He's in that phase? Been there. You should expect long boarding next. Tell it's not to be confused w/water boarding!
Good Luck! Luv the avi very cute!
My Spartypants son is razzing me about UM's loss. I may have to cut him out of the will.
Aw shucks. Fear not, once classes begin I'll be back into my journalistic-tweeting phase again and you'll wish you'd unfollowed ;)
Thanks! Unfortunately no one gave me a tractor for my b-day so it's a moot point :)
Yeah, it's the season finale. I wasn't expecting it to be two hours, but I can see why it all wouldn't fit into an hour.
I've never heard of such a thing. Where would I find info?
I seriously might have an aneurism right now, my blood pressure is so high. FUCK OFF.
happy thansgiving ocho. I'm actually transporting a patient to the hospital right now. Ah the life of a Paramedic :)
Let's get the #hackoff started right now!!
Hello world....
Just because the BrooklynNets will have a new place to play &their logo designed by JayZ doesntmean they are going to be any better nxt year
When we come from a place of love, everything becomes sacred and everything becomes divine ...
You rock! Have a blast tonight!
No the fuck I wasn't...
Off to el mercadito for some raspados !
Having a fabulous time at the leadership summit! Out of school time opportunities matter!
aw I kinda wanna witness this storm yall are talking about but everything is all peaceful nice and warm here
After seeing at Hammerstein Ballroom, they're officially on my must-see-live list. I'm still picking up pieces of my face.
BIG DAN!
just on Class act. Great perspective. Great season for Ray and all of the Ravens.
seriously? Lmao damn.
LMAO well your nice
The great Chip Kidd: The book designer is responsible to the reader and the publisher, but mostly to the author!
Watching Red Dawn. Oh Lord my inner child is having a joy seizure!
It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow, to everybody on your dick; no homo - Yeezy
Today in class I said I was married to Jesus out loud. Got some props.
Someone should compile a memoir of Kodak stories. Or is that what Dilbert is?
remeba the Marlboro luggage u had on that 8th grade field trip?
you must follow your dreams and go after what you want out of life or end up working for someone else who did.
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
Bitch thinks he could yell at me for a damn remote... Shhhittt who the Fuck does he think he is... Hoe better watch his damn mouth. Fuck.
That band definitely lost something when Deily left.
okay. :D lol
witness a school board meeting? You trying to punish mayoral candidates?
you are NOT saying this on twitter. haha. I'm guessing you're date went well you little slut?
A member of the Southwest Workers Union, he holds 1 end of a banner stating 'No border wall.'
De nada, bro. Was funny. :D
ugh i was going through my clothes seeing which looked good anymore but now i got comfy in this dress and wanna go outside
you never sent me back the letter mind was if a drawing of you!!!!:)))<3 love you!!!!!
If you think wouldn't renege on the budget deal, you also think his tan is real.
Ran out of voter registration forms
Ima just say this Stop doin what everybody else is doin what everybody else is doin may not be what you should be doin "LEAD"
So much work to get all these pics into blog posts... You are on it!
Rainbows are just to look at, not to really understand.
nice 2 c we people can still influence. Of course took industry giants 2 but a great example of what we can do if organized
finally! found the CRM I have been looking for. Thanks
Mark your calendars: Next NeuroCultures Lecture Series is Lennard Davis "Disability & Depression" 5/8 6-8PM Grad. Center Room 9206. Free!
you should watch Drive or anything else with ryan gosling xo
What positive things can i say about front office" - it's a revolving door . hope they do well but it's EARLY May
No Miss St!!! Tough break
Are you a fan of steering wheel covers?
Ah I hate when they scare me like that! Assholes -.- haha hanging out with the guys and my bestie :)
You too!
So are we done with progressive-enhancement now? Is there any reasons for non-eCommerce sites to cater to non-JS-enabled users?
Happy #4/20 to all the potheads and #OWS hippies. Thanks for doing your part in making the world a better place.
Why Wouldn't It Be?
HA!! RT : my R. Kelly detector just went off!
Things don't get easier..
S/O 2 the newest followers ~! Welcome to
I was too busy having an imaginary boner about Batman this summer, but I will be going to see Avengers this week.
shuddup! He locked up my phone
girlie, it's gonna be a long season for both of us... Re: Tebow
I'm pretty anxious to see what's gonna happen in a month or two..
... Just shut the fuck up and leave me alone. You've made me beyond mad tonight.
": good Sunday to you guys :) hope you are enjoying the weekend." /// You, too! Have a wonderful day :)
Awww you're so nice i feel bad now!
I need skin colored leggings. Boy those are dangerous
Any chance you will play Sweet & Wild at Irving tonight? I have a soft spot for that song... and for Yankee Doodle.
I sho just #murdered 1!!RT : How do #McDonald's get the syrup in the mcgrittle ???? That shit dumb good
ya I know. Was sitting in the commons and noticed
Congrats to PPI's James Dempsey for winning the Inaugural iSeriesLive event !!! Nice effort PPI's 'Devilfish' Ulliott to finish second !!!
Passover, Easter, Earth Day and Shakespeare's birthday... a nice week for a little reading, reflection and renewal, I'm thinkin'... :-}
70% of all the time..
#Dope “ IVE BEEN KILLING SHIT LIKE A SERIAL KILLERS LAXATIVE - DAVE LYRIC”
#TreeQuestion Tues Answer: That's “summer dormancy” “summer leaf drop,” aka cladoptosis. By whatever name, what you see is a stress reaction
Thank you! See you next season!
This one looks like it will go down to the wire. Every possession is critical now with 5:21 to play DU 61 TTU 57
ha with the party thing? Or our "awesome"boys..?
Whos posh? RT : we killed swag its all about the #POSH now
Any leads on a decent bass amp for $150? Josh is looking for something functional w/o borrowing mine (which is less portable/light).
I went to the only comic book store in town, but they were out of all of the good ones already. :(
Thanks for the shoutout! RT : Follow #UX design strategist who has great insight into cutting edge methodoloy...
#citizendiplomacy needs your help too: Congress proposing cutting Cultural Affairs budget. Don't let em!
#2011icf how funny..within 2 sec of my post, is now following me... Love twitter!!
Arm hurts 😣
George #Zimmerman has been charged with second-degree murder, special prosecutor Angela #Corey announced Wednesday.
Well hello to you too :) RT : 86 degrees out there.... Hello sexy!
Big warm up today with temps around 15C (yesterday it was 2C). We will be sorry come April when we have massive thunderstorms (prediction)
Did need any more reasons to promote the NE as the center of the universe? I will NOT be watching the #Superbowl. Boring.
wish they would have kept the time the same. can't get the kids and get anywhere by 6. Really want to see a reserve game!
when walking around all day, much easier in a stroller. I never want 2 be caught w/out a stroller especially if there's a nap
Congrats to our for making the NHL playoffs! Fun for you all to make us sweat it out huh!?
I had the feeling that would be the case so I switched out of it last week.
run for runs sake
Great meeting ya last night man. Sorry we couldn't chat longer!
if I can get out of studio in time, yep... Plus it's almost Bats time so im sure I will see you soon!
Does it work?
"...It's hard to dance with a devil on your back, so shake him off... shake it out, shake it out..."
I'm ready to get out of school! -_-
Ay Saturday be at motions to see and be there!
The war is over!!!
Im hands like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad/so I make money like a ball player so my pockets look like thigh pads/-Gucci Mane
Advice is sometimes transmitted more successfully through a joke than grave teaching. Baltasar Gracian
No come back...
Yes, I want to be part of the book :}.
how about thursday or friday
I'm so glad that I can love you and I know you'll never leave and a plce where dreams are made is a place I wanna be <3
Damn, I just reminded myself that the westtest is tomorrow.#I might as well kill myself
same here! Everyone got along and it was so much better!
Huntsman: Nothing more powerful than the current bipartisan tax proposal
was here I love you wife <3
so, ready for the weekend? :)
it was a fun movie
Ouch that workout just killed me!!!
Ended up staying in an SRO where I sit as I type this. A little expensive, but I have a private space.
Ha!! We were talking about this ridiculous young adult book I read awhile back called, "Wanna Go Private?" and DMing.
/// Too many Waka Flockas, not enough Common's..
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
I love this kid. He will lead them to at least 10 wins this season. Bank it.
But LevelUp is a Daytime Job. You're not making any sense man.
it must be so awful to listen to an ad for a few seconds for free music. Poor poor thing.
apparently I am bad at the internets!
for traditional 311 system to integrate info. & expand. Steps towards #Gov2.0? , do u see this in the future?
Oh! Thank you for the heads-up - I didn't know that! I think this means I'll be taking a long lunch break. :)
now im the type of guy that has a pet mouse lmfao
I should probably start today, lol.
Are you tired of getting turned down for a home? Are you ready to stop renting . Contact me now for financial freedom
OMG. This guy on the phone better stop pacing around this Starbucks. Multiple levels of annoying. Sit down and talk.
Well this sounds kind of interesting... if you're inthe LA Area, and you happen to check this out, tell us how it is?
I find myself to be the most annoying but i unfollowed all the ~trs fans~ that just made me so ANGRY
Off to the creek to play some 2/5 nlhe
This is the f-Ing bulls#!+ I wanted to avoid in the first place before coming on this trip! I'm so pissed!!! I knew this would happen!
I feel like this bus ride shouldn't be this bumpy
Can you people learn how to fucking spell, we are in 8th fucking grade, not 5th. It's not cool to use slang you illiterate cunts.
Hope i can shoot 3 point shot 6 in a row... :D
So excited to be doing hair at the Key Club in Hollywood tomorrow!! Show starts at 10pm (: Swing by if ya wanna!
My family reuion is comin up can't wait
Anyhoo, feel free to ask specifics. Happy to be opinionated and helpful. ;-) (Thx for the introduction!)
#SMBAustin : we used "monopoly busters" to generate email lists for candidates.
Hello #Seattle! Can't wait to try some of your famous cuisine tonight!
The one in Lyndon? There's one just outside of Crestwood too.
"Unsinkable" Molly Brown born today, 1867. Also today, 1986, video footage of Titanic released for 1st time.
Same shit just a different day . Drama will never leave the ICONiac fanbase .
I'm mad af....wade a fuckin bum
In honor of mothers day I have rented a mini van and mom jeans and will be offering free rides and unsolicited advice
We have a BULLPEN?
Peabody Conservatory musicians & dancers performing.
today is a great day to get baked!
This is one of the most fun nights I've ever had in dc
thanks Liz! I'm just glad K wasn't in the car.
my heart stops when you look at me.
I use Opera and got no notice about version 10 - thanks for the heads-up.
All of the strangers like me best today. I'm God's favorite.
Thanks, I am excited to start there.
shut down for now- new on sale is Tuesday at Noon - new server. Not sold out!
"A wet pussy and a dry purse makes no sense!"
I like your bio, so I had to follow you. LOL!
I need a few New Orleans recommendations?
Flogging Molly...no seriously ;)
Coffee, #OPBRadio, backyard eggs, homemade toast and a hot shower. Ready for work. #readysetgo!
I'm not even hungry. I'm seriously eating because I don't want to do homework:p
Nothing like giving college advice to a cab driver first thing in the morning. Happy National Candidate Reply Date, everyone!!
yes, will tweet a picture of the dresses before I send them! must package them up later today!
Fellas, follow me.....I"ll show you where the ladies at
Speaking of Claude Shannon, there's an excellent discussion of his work in Jon Gertner's book The Idea Factory on the history of Bell Labs
my dad, which in not true. It took me awhile to convince her. So I won't be on twitter as much. I'll probably only be on at night (c)
good luck on beating the house
Criminal Minds finale! Love this show!
M Beer & Bacon! Wonder if I still have beer & bacon brats in the freezer...
Listen to UN Goodwill Ambassador #DonCheadle wrapping up the day with @ #EnvisionFilmhttp ://goo.gl/oa71N -
I asked for a kids menu to color, not to get a look from you.
Good morning twitter world! Cold and wet here in Minnesota today! Hope everyone has a great day!
in your hood@ 705 Club
disagree, Pierce was OK & yes, he's hurt. That's a fact. Allen had an off night but only 3rd Gm back from 24 day layoff
CRASH: Murray @ Teal in Beaverton
Loop/tourist focus is annoying, but he's got a point—I only have 6 proper openings on the books for all of July & August.
tell me about it!
#GreatnessIs having the courage to stand up for what you believe in, no matter what the circumstances are.
“: We fancy mushrooms. Keeping it simple.”. I see you.
Aw man! Now that Penny Taylor is hurt I can't play the game of, What quarter do you think PT will get injured?
health sleep disorders
no longer am I confused. But in response shut your ass up kailah
Hahaha geez. You dang kids with your travel phones and hippity hop. I will mail you $27 c/o the nearest dispensary for a charger.
Help stimulate local economy by shopping local. Keep jobs safe, help small business support local churches/schools, and more!...
Excited to watch this morning since I'll be studying at home all day!
looking forward to further conversation w/ people from #mindsmeet. Thanks for an enlivening evening!
Give em hell kid!
But you're in OSAKA, so that makes it a little less miserable.
Pizza of the Week: Chipotle Chicken Pizza - Chipotle Mayo Base, Mozzarella Cheese, Marinated Chipotle Chicken & Yellow and Red Peppers
Headed to SING "LIVE ON THE ROOF" with my boy Pastor Corey Brooks! Tune in now www.projecthood.org
spring break in california :)
and in a completely different context I recommended today. Safe to assume the pod people have won.
Watching west balt ravens vs spartans under 85lb in lake arbor
Everbody follow my brother !!!!!!!
Dude from Arkansas had a stoke?
James Harden looking awfully early Grant Hill in the fourth. Amazing first step and finish. Over and over.
YES the tootsie roll comercials are back!!
We hit up the original HC outpost in Manhattan often. Great place to take our 1 yr old son. Let me know when you're in town.
Like most spiritual things, spiritual growth is best done in community. ~Penny Nash
Danny Granger i hope your thinking about how your killing US! Drive to the hoop!
Fuck what society and close minded cunts say, you are beautiful. Every inch and every scar. Beautiful.
Catching up on some tosh.0... Only looks good in burnt orange
3rd time today trying to get a digital subscription, but site is SO difficult to navigate! No confirmation emails received.
Now it's sADROCKtime. + it UP - RESPECT mUSt BE pAiD.
I have a few they all are realistic.
Naaa mane leave it.
Only rel to love!Follow me back
Absolutely. Amazing.
Does it sound better as Sterling Cooper Crane Draper Pryce. Yes, that's better.
happy wednesday to you sara j
It'll be interesting to see how Tebow develops in the off season. Frankly for his first season in the NFL he did well
so when are we doing the podcast?
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.- William Shakespeare
I love thunder storms
Just saw your tweet. Scheduling is always tough; Sunday may be a little slower, but I think we'll still have plenty of people.
Wow! wrote an incredibly honest book. Writing style feels very much like A must read for any sports fan!
So excited!! RT Skipping breakfast in favor of lunch at Aldea today...
thanks! He was a real hero!
has realized to expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised...
Happy birthday ! My sister says that it wasn't your birthday yesterday cause you weren't home lol it took me a min to process:p
Lynette & Tom getting back together...
Looking forward to #VSAE luncheon today. See you there!
sounds great. Hope to connect with you soon. In Waukesha once a week remote. Lunch?
#taylorallderdice is trending this is awesome the only thing better would be #HawkD trending
Nice night hanging with my love, John Lancaster :) and he made me get up and sing! But everyone in there was drunker then a dog!!!!
My hair is full of confetti-____- oh well, what a EASTER!!:D
Today on TWiP in studio Skyping in from , Ty Stewart via Vegas +
If an aspiring worship leader, gets past the idolizing of becoming a worship leader then he/she is on the right path to becoming one.
What I'm Not Here For Is You Tryna Swallow Nas Bottom Lip Lmao
20 minutes early to work. Oh yay. 😒😠
no RT : I gotta feeling it'll be a Josh/Phil show down. Boo
I loved that because the action payoff at the end was worth the wait.
Master Sommeliers were in #Atlanta for the wine festival. Great weekend
Congratulations to the four IP LawMeet semi-finalists - Northwestern, Drexel, South Texas & DePaul.
Staten Island Lookin for
My twitter makes me lol
You're trending in America under the tag #brits :) Are you really doing The Voice? That's awesome. :3
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.
I'm excited for tomorrow. <3
Why what'd he do? Don't let him get in your nerves tho, it'll ruin your mood.
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
The Dennis Seidenberg Special
That is one amazing piece of Rock & Roll history. Chris Hillman was always the real musical anchor in the band not Gram Parsons.
I couldn't possibly suggest you Google "Lydia Loren Hostage Works" :) : Does Loren have a "hostage works" article?
I'm going to bed good night(:
oh ok
On a mission to gain 15 lbs in muscle pronto.....
These bitches betta sing "FOR THEIR LIFE"!!
So pretty!
For MW book we added new types for papers and references. No code required.
Enjoying a glowing review in June issue for Oasis 6 Interconnect while David prepares for High End show in Munich.
Ben...always a number 1 favorite!
Baseball game. Beautiful outside
I never take mine as I'd probably lose it.
Aww poor is losing her voice:(
Loves an intellectual conversation!
The Pac-12 should invite Boise St. into the conference rather than forcing them to head to the Big East. The Broncos deserve their shot .
Batting .138 and still playing in the major leagues? Wtf pirates.
i know who wouldn't, i think people should do it more often. Like a hobby. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I want Zayn and Liam in my bed(; haha
I will go on until the end
Advance apologies to anyone going to the rapid capture workshop tomorrow-I am not practicing my talk. It is time to sleep.
i lost my number. can i punch you in the face?
are held accountable for their actions, to the full extent of American law!
Off to Museum of London's astounding Arch Research Center
Wheres the technical foul? -____- Lebron be giving the ref's the dick
rumor has it, you went big last night?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Kurt cobain is turning in his grave
I don't like kobe ass
of course but u already did 😄👍
so if u dont mind me asking how old r u
Kids playing on my TL<<<<<
LIKE IF YOUR FUCKING WEARING MY SHIRT, DON'T TELL ME YOU DONT HAVE IT. OBVIOUSLY I WOULD KNOW ITS MY SHIRT
Avoid the holiday shopping crowds & purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
RT Welcome to Twitter, For every new follower this month, they'll receive $5 from a generous donor.
You're asking old, tired dogs to learn new tricks without the promise of snausages.
thanks for following!
tweet me "MAHONE" if you want a shoutout :D
DID YOU KNOW? The haunted USS Hornet will be highlighted at MGC this fall? It was also featured in Season 4 of Ghost Adventures.
": Make that 4 trailers :)
you got it Beverly. Thank you for the support. It's comments like this that do spread motivation. :)
CANT WAIT TO SEE MB PERFORM!
That's not possible Bron is the devil RT : Seriously. I think I hate Wade twice as much as Bron.
"And you can drop in. On all the music they play. On the Bandstand. Bandstand". RIP Dick Clark. Thx for being a conduit of music.
spell it right I got more than 2 g's. :p fagot!
Just filled up my gas tank. I think I need a Xanax.
damn boo! Well the movie is great! Enjoy!!
#Kimwedding ; who cares ?? Seriously?
Its my birthday saturday ! #tequilashots :)
Man, I should shut off the computer. Watching stuff that makes me sad isn't a good plan.
ya for sure. Could I get some more info?
RT - USA rugby team tackle like my nan! Would have more luck if they put the miami dolphins team on against Australia! Le...
RT : as you are getting your marketing together for #MothersDay - what items can you offer for DAUGHTERS?
RT : not sure quote what happened with Bunkley, but that is a huge move for Denver. One of best run stuffing DTs in league.
“Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.” – Coco Chanel
#LAMHarvard JPalfrey: we need disciplinarity first. What should we maintain in the three disciplines? Convergence exposes our weak points.
could be my man any day
Drafted you on my fantasy team. I need that Rocky Mountain air to give you .280/25/100+.
Happy Thanksgiving. c:
I'm sorry! I had to go to class. What was it?
There are tons of parents who would be very happy to have the kinds of 'problems' mentioned.
I have officially decided what my baby names will be.. Girl: Avery or April .. Boy: Drew or Sawyer LOL i'm only 15 ;-)
Amazing, amazing day with good friends. Wish they weren't all in other places for college.
Thanks! Fixed it. I throw those in just to make sure someone is reading. ;)
Thanks to photojournalist Bill Middeke for scraping every car in the lot!
I wouldn't know anything about local news sites with strange names.
When I started totell everyone SF was my true love, I knew I found my home
I'm a god damn goblin.
I really wish Ozzie Guillen got fired today. 4 games in would have made my day.
Sarahh is beautiful(: not helena. lol
I think the person that drew that needs help, or art classes. (play me, I suck, but not as bad as this person lol)
I know I'm going digital with my shoot The question is: #RedEpic or ArriAlexa?
I gotta stop sleeping so much!
This Is What I Told Her!!!
A little scary. A friend of a friend in town might have meningitis and is in the hospital right now.
Follow us on Twitter !
ima walk her home then ima be wit kelvin and them
I only respond to Queen...
#Np Ms.Harmony by Robin Thicke...
Test post from the console
OMG i do the same thing to:D
• Uh-oh, will there be potty problems? My chihuahua has a sensitive digestive tract...
Learning abt Twitter lists fm Reminds me I need to update my nicarians list. Message me if you want to be added.
Are you selling high on Josh Hamilton?
naa i wish the worst for you, for causing problems with my relationship, ruining my life, ruining friendships, you just deserve the worst.
“To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you’re not, pretend you are.” –Muhammad Ali
The 3rd Sadat allowed a law that a woman can "ask" for divorce if her husband marries another woman to live with her.
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here
Girl you looked hot today!!
how is your guitar?
Welcome to Break That Single. Indie music artist home of Hot new singles. Submit your singles to Nate Fulwood and lets "Break That Single
I THINK YOU ARE MAGICAL!
count us in
Oh gawd...thanks for the quick reminder of the south and one of the many reasons I'm not there.
I just wasted like 1 minuet of my life listening to austin talk about irrelevant shit about the concert. Ok.
Good luck.
very good.
If you grind hard enough then that bitch will keep comin
The coyotes and the kings BOTH just need to be out of the playoffs #just sayin
Our mission is to provide you with the highest-quality products and services possible in a timely fashion and at a competitive price.
ive broken so much flatware in my life, i feel like the damn hulk
yep. The real real one. Hahah
Just in time to be done with BLS right?
US Title Services, LLC was founded in 1998 by Ronald Kaminsky and real estate attorney William Judge. ustitleco.com
Dude Mohawk dry as hell
pretty darn close since you didn't come to 's apartment and eat cookies with us
New pics to be posted today.
List the things that have to be done to make your visualization a reality. The dream will come true.
"Bate and Hook" --yes bate is spelled wrong
"MUSIC IS LIKE CONVERSATION"~ Renowned JAZZ PIANIST & celebrity local JOSHUA WHITE & TRIO (bass/drum) 8pm ~$10pp
Thanks buddy!
This New Year, don't forget our events. January 15th at 2:30 Daria Rabotkina will be performing on the piano as part of Concerts at Coe Hall
I want to go to NYC, anyone in that area want some work done?
#Conservative s should DROP all business w/sponsors who dropped #Rush. Name-calling is a #Liberal move, but Ms Fluke asked to be a target
AH! That was the thing I was missing.
"Listen to my mixtape man!" No it's not...it's fucking trash.
it's going to be intense, but we knew it would come. Let's keep on dancing and let the decision be what it is
Well this blows....
Thoroughly enjoyed all of the sets -- Canary Oh Canary, Absent Center, Trillions, & Asobe Seksu! So glad I braved the rain.
Two baseball games on tv. All is right again with the world.
new photos coming soon and a little video too...
know anyone on the board who could bring this up?!
Share your experience of the special performance by du Soleil at #drupa – Tweet your photos with
When I have children I’m going to make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that.
My cat makes a shitty table.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot doWalter Bagehot
Pour beer perfect
Any business that want to be advertised for a great low cost PLEASE contact me!
#buffalo bills/sabres lead it
Kwame Brown solely an expiring contract/IR or could he play a role in future?
Back in Cville and it's going down haha. Job interview tomorrow
If you raise less money than you need, it may help you from scaling prematurely, while allowing you conduct small tests-AMonin
Nothing improves the memory more than trying to forget.
Gov. McDonnell reminds me so much of Romney. Do we gravitate toward people who look like/act like us?
What bill?
I'm hungry and the only thing open is taco bell. I don't do taco bell
gym time!
Teaching to documentary on farming to backyard farming to dance partying. Tuesday.
hey beautiful your not a Loser, how are you? :)
Happy Birthday 👽
✈Bye Bye Dallas, On my way home ATL :)
If you had unlimited money to remodel your house, what room would you start with?
Tomorrow for my Action Film class, I'm watching Cobra, Commando, and Assault on Precinct 13. I can't believe I'm getting a degree for this!
Tune in all weekend & week long - up until April 27th, 2012 for a chance to win & tickets!
#Brewers Manager Ron Roenicke joins me at 8:15am CST Will Rickie Weeks be back in the lineup today? Where will he hit?
That sounds so awesome, I really should be eating only bread and water after everything I ate on the holiday!
Mfs blow me
RT : One out walk to Solid Ab. Close pitches.
Right?! Common courtesy.
Run throughs are a huge deal, I don't know why you don't know that, Andrea.
Wagyu zabuton - tender, smoked cipollini onion - well done, smashed parsnips - well seasoned, pickled asparagus - delicate touch of winter..
Sorry about not being able to update our twitter :/ we'll keep on posting again from now on :D
we have taken over other countries...lol and it kills its own all the time >><
text me his number and name
Online college education has feasible tuition rates in addition to grants, scholarships, loans etc. Educate yourself at a low cost
“ Sleep “ I coud never get at a female on twitter/facebook dats out my character””lmaooo
Going to lay it down....wat a fucking boring day it was!
Negra Modelo in hand. B.B King singing. Proposal TIme.
What's your function?
#imagine *Austin dmed you*"god made you.Then he made me,Then he whispered meant to be.♥ -anna
When was the last time you had a real fresh squeezed #lemonade? Go get one now at in #Seattle. Only $2! All weekend long.
I hope i have a job later in life when im my own boss. My own hours
My luck is freaking awful. Just broke my loaner phone the day before a road trip I'm making to Indy. Now I'm down $50 AND phoneless. >:-{
Wahhh! ;) I'm speaking more to the people who are actually complaining about NYR/NJD.
Going to washington dc in spring break(:
Good morning & God bless erbody .
man, i still have to shower -_- and then i'll have to study for my Spanish final fuckkkkkkkk WHY
& go hooping without me they go running on the beach without me. It's like I stink b. Do I stink b ?
Note to occupy - If bandana on your face is an attempt to remain anonymous, recommend u don't give your name to the news photographer.
happy birthday ya cheeky bastard
it's a spectra 5 door.
#theoscars just showed a clip of ET. I'm going to have bad dreams now!
RT : Like the global competitive view Eric Dishman uses comparing green tech and health tech. Effective
Exciting to be entering into the 150th Anniversary battles for American Civil War Reenacting. First Stop..Manassas, Virginia
A moral compass edges two degrees past bigotry , two degrees closer to true north. Will light a candle ,will walk tonight...
you're leaving??? for where? p.s. happy hour soon, please?
Many females bring dirt on boys when in reality we all have are same ways.
Another valuation is comparables and projected growth
Being bored depends on what you were doing before you were bored. Did you learn from the moment, or did you just finish it and stare at it?
Check it out! HGTV's Property Brothers filmed in Lofty Dog! Thanks to Jonathan & his crew! Drew, we missed ya!
Great idea Has a broker ever been awarded an exclusive assignment over twitter? I am sure that would get their attention!
21 year old rookie Jordan Lyles goes against Cliff Lee today if they play.
Every had someone that you wanted too kill sit in the same room. Stay calm
What an incredible experience--delivered the wishes of thousands of children urging our leaders to keep families together this holiday.
good afternoon! happy sunday!
Did you know Jack Del Rio loss his job from jacksonville jags
RT I hope #MarianoRivera retires, just so we can see #Yankees fans freak out about their closer like the rest of us.
Closing my eyes be back later. Mwah
Play Self Destruction.....
On edge of my seat!! Let's do this. RiseNYK
I already have a letter posted to the EU! They also lack karaoke bars!
oh that's bad :/ and you have try it to eat?
Do you know of issues with the image uploader? Been trying all morning, but keep getting error message "unable to upload file"
BREAKING - 2nd Trivia question of the day to be posted at 9:30pm EST - RT this tweet and tune in at 9:30pm EST
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool I really need to get my nails done, and could always use a new outfit...mall after class 👌
It hurts that and dont know I exist:/
Table read for Ernie's Girls tonight!
Lots of stuff! And we are excited to see the ballet! :)
why do people hate it that much? i think it's fine!
Hilarious. All the black women I know are fat in the right places.. But whatevs.
Calvin Johnson is a great player, but does someone really NEED all of that money?
#FF love to my new followers and ! Thanks for the add :)
hey sorry was getting glue glitter out of my hair
thanks so much for sharing all of your work with us. it was great to meet you all!
haha well still ate it
assembley's are so fun, i make them fun by my weirdness ;)
#np: Eye of the Tiger (randomly shuffled on my ipod)
VID Pls dont hide from them... Let them in 4 a moment...4 them it's not just a vid awareness injection 4 adults re:
Next for & Indy Wine Fest - the Arbios Cellars Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. Family-owned & small production!
Yea im super bored, so im gonna tweet, tweet me?(:
thanks my man!
Might hit up the beach with my liddo sister, then gots to go buy my mama something for mothers day(: #productiveday(:
I'm going to bed! #goodnight:)
Kris Williams... 100%... I think I might love that ghost hunting temptress...
Seeing your teacher at a party would be hilarious!
what time do you work today?
Today I gave IKEA four hours of my life that I will never get back.
Rng needs to stay!
JP Morgan, a bank too big to fail, lost $2 billion dollars in trading. This is why we should elect Republicans to regulate banks less.
You don't like Cody Simpson? Cluck you.
Boys love air boxing.
So proud of you handsome! House warming party ASAP! I'm naming your house on Foursquare "China Doll"
Nice...which one do you use, the quadballer?
French is kinda hard.
Restaurant week our way! $26.40 for two 2 glasses of wine one appetizer and one dessert.
Damn. Devils just tied it up.
im really sorry :( we shouldnt have gone outside either
can i ask you a quick question?
“: Oh, you know every single line to Step Brothers? I wonder what you do on Friday nights.” they got me lol
No motivation whatsoever to begin reading "To Kill A Mockingbird"
#Bucs draft RB Doug Martin with the 31st pick in the
Welcome back my friend to the show that never ends, we're so glad you could attend, come inside come inside.
Having a leg cramp. Decided to tweet about it.
Just threw some $ into office Mega Millions pool. Imagine how many grindhouse DVDs I could get with Half a Billion!
Marcus Hotels are discounting hotel rooms during the storm: Mon 01/31-Wed 02/02 at Pfister, InterContinental, and Hilton. Be safe.
Need more information about self selection bias in online surveys, especially with regards to age
YOU ARE THE TECH GODDESS, MISSY!
or be sold for $6
I wish I was one of those #writers who could focus outside because it's unbelievable in #DC today
Sweet! , when do you talk ? And , you coming to rep the male side?
Do you feel that the brian characters sexualized relationships with humans has lead to an uptick in beastiality? nasty...
2 things I am thankful for: God & John Mayer on indefinite hiatus. The latter single handedly proving the existence of a higher power. : )
Rudy Gay #slaw. OJ Mayo is a bust. And Tony Allen look homeless
oh gay.
fuck it. i love my music.
I was thick as hell today ; )
so who do we want to win? This hurts!!!
Yes! Final projects will be up online shortly. You will be proud of this year's work just like we are!
hey!!! Plz respond or follow
It was a great show! I wish you coulda been there!!!
Can't say I didn't see that coming
thanks for picking out my outfit:)
What?? : Drops of blood on carpet ... broken glass ... Amare hiding his left hand. Game 2 already seems forgotten, no?”
ha you probably haven't even been sleep yet huh?
buy my ticket and I'll pay you back :,) I'll give you the money tomorrow
at the Big Ten Tourney working oh so hard, Let's see if Iowa can pull out a win and ruin Michigan St.'s tourney chances
Praising God is a priority.
Sun is out.
Not being a man of many words, I am delighted to discover that Twitter is the perfect vehicle to properly express the true essence of my thi
Nation's Homeownership Rate Hits 15-Year Low - LoanSafe
I follow you. Now you follow me. NOOWWW! Love you!
Is the best SDCC Hotel EVER! If you want to take a break from the maddness you can walk to Starbucks, Vela, Fox Sports Grill
Going all day without a phone<<<<<<
So sorry about the long line! :( Lunch time on Monday's and Friday's are always the busiest especially at month's end.
"*croaky voice* my names mary and I used to be a smoker" "thats gonna be you alexa" hey kys.
Trying to get up so I can get my hair stitched back up
PLEASE!! stop saying Jordan wouldnt have let his team get blown out!! YOU SOUND DUMB!!!
“: Is zma good for a person who's trying to loose weight”. I like to do things without supplements." Holla!
Just made a skype account
a poodle on the edge
Meet #BennuDancer Zoe! A lovely artist originally fr England. She performs both Middle Eastern #bellydance & Flamenco. yfrog.com/nyt4uhxj
Hi, Rebecca! Thanks for the retweet!
Smile lifes to short, and dont get wrinkles either
Nail shop.. I like it when its not busy
appreciate that. You know I'm not the type to do that
I'm fine too. by the way.. why did you have to put that scary clown on your display picture here? :/
Hope to see you all in New Orleans at #SGIA! AnaJet Booth # 1345
Not sure about the interracial angle. Hasn't Tiger always been white?
goats love to go to strip clubs too.
from Whole Foods and they are so good. I have to hide them to keep from eating them all day. Lol
Good morning followers <3
First Leda show tonight. Nervous/excited. It's a benefit for
tree cousin.. ::) you be good now lol
R.I.P. Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys #RIP MCA.
what do you do sir?
I'm up dancing
as soon as I can find a consistent studio here! I might end up coming up there to record
What is this bunk about a War on Women? Women get more govt goodies in almost every category. The sense entitlement astounds.
thanks! Nice to be back, I hadn't realized how much I missed it
RT : shouldn't be more concerned with #OccupyWallstreet than McDonalds monopoly? ;p
Broccoli cheese soup from Panera >>>
Wish I could say I was tweeting while I was walking, but it was just my own math #fail: 1^100=1
Aww Molly is adorable. Glad she made it too
Unfortunately in College Station, although I hear their new ballpark is amazing!
I'm feelin like ms. spontaneous right about now 😏
please contact me Monday about the estore. Thanks.
cool! RT: : The new iPad can make RAINS COME FROM THE SKY!!!
Prosecutors can still recommend that certain teens be tried as adults-but a judge will make the final determination after a hearing
Tyvm I appreciate it
My bro just came home from jail... And he is so ANNOYING now
Need to change this tv too .
Every purchase of $50 or more includes a DOWN TO BLAZE shirt for free!! CHECK OUT OUR 14 Strains! BLACK ICE! SAN FERNANDO VALLEY OG KUSH!
Thanks for rt!
Is central Indiana economy that depressed? Pacers, 3rd best in East, are averaging 885 fewer fans per game than Charlotte, which is 7-54.
thanks for the retweet! Happy Friday!
Actions speak louder than words.....unless that person is yelling
Deleting every memory of me and you, yep I starting off new!:)
Denver Post hockey writer Adrian Dater joins us on The Score right now to talk NHL Awards and Draft. Check him out on AM1510!
Wife got pukin' drunk last night. Atta Girl!
"Tell me and I will forget. Show me and I'll remember. Involve me and I will understand." - Confucius
love that show!
Big thanks to for taking time to help students with a sponsorship project. Obrigado meu amigo!
All of Our Hero's meals are
Mr. Capone-E (:
": Understanding possibilities are endless once u put forth the effort with confidence! BE FREE .... Chris Brown"
Igor: [suddenly appears next to Fredrick] I understand. I understand. Why are you shouting?
The business of business is tiresome.
i really do
Playing MW3 and workingout in between maps!! Yeah buddy
#FVSU I remember the first time I went to the SWAMP which was SPR 2012 , it was a Que party . The memories still haunt me lol !!!
Embellishing summer 2012: embellished dresses &amp; accessories
This cup of coffee is not vat-sized enough for this Monday.
And no mention of Etta James? Or was that my imagination? Pretty sad if they forgot her completely. #Grammys were weird this year.
Dog days of Jan/Feb in CBB.. All practice, no games!!
Those boots are beyond adorable! (:
Shredded Wheat is Horrible.
Isn't she preggo?????? The Chilean should go back to Jersey
If it takes a KB article to tell me which mail app I can accept a calendar invite in, the calendaring environment is broken.
hope they weren't leftover too long.. remember Sushi isn't cooked :-O j/k
Nigga scared the shit outta me
You said kobe doesn't pass the ball -_- you think he magically got 4 assist you're dumb ahah i know basketball
you say hes just a friend! lol
Go follow my personal (:
Donald - AMAZING!!!! Are you serious?
I'm about to come back to GA black as fuck lol I'm enjoying this moment in my life
Sunday evening BBQ = Monday pain.
Bye you guys, I'm going to do my homework!:]
Got my car :)
I'd be a person that got put on punkd cause I'm so gullible
bug folks!!! This is why I love Twitter.
The 10-year old found behind the wheel in The Dalles is with his mother. The case has been sent to child protective services for follow-up.
never takes her spandex off. She even waers them in the shower.
The new hot dog stuffed crust pizza at Pizza Hut should be the clinching argument for the unconstitutionality of universal healthcare
thank you! i had her symbol already i just wanted that quote it reminded me of her
1785 - Brit inventor Joseph Bramah patents the beer-pump handle. So pull us a dram for a pt of pure-i.e. I’d like a glass of Guinness Stout
I just want to go to high school already.
Newest short, "127 Minutes", coming this week!
First rehearsal for Judgment at Nuremberg. Katharine Ross. Ian Patrick Williams. Kevin Kelly. Betsy Baker. Holger Moncada. Amazingly great!
LOL, you said you were going to be high-wired tonight, didn't you?
It is just wrong!! Enough !!
Can anyone recommend a good art appraiser?
RT : Me too!! And 'loose'? ... Why do people think that spells 'lose'???!!! <- !!! Attack of the Grammar Fatality.
Experience becomes possible because of language.
have you had more success, with organizations or in life, taming an existing flame or staring a new fire?
Wow, major kitchen issues at the Gate House tonight.
i have so many games... used to play multiple times per day. Now it's weekly... looks like it's dropping off slowly.
The keyboard is what keeps me hanging on. RT : #Random: is Blackberry still around ...
so far my dude, I agree
Lesson Learned: Do Something For Someone That Can't Repay You.
Tx for the RT :-) I found the article very interesting and now have even deeper admiration for Louis C.K. - great biz mind!
Sadly the only thing people are really interested in is you telling them how right they are or how good they are.
Its going good! And yes, technically is my competition lol but I let that slide
get it girl! im hoping to run 8 today. which i set off to do yesterday and barely squeaked out 4
Jeremiah 22:3 "This is what the Lord says: ...Do no wrong or violence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow ..."
Followers, have a question about myCampus/CampusEAI? Tweet or send us a DM so we can direct you to the answer!
Rangers taking over damn
Can parliamentary Initiatives be sexied up? will tell us how.
Enjoy the game. I'm tuned in to "The Big One" while watching other games on my iPhone. Best day of the year!
like the good old day...
no way >:D mine is XD lmao, I got my classes today :)
Life is like #Twitter. We wish we had more room to write all we think. But we just have these short 140 chars. Time is short, choose wisely.
ha ha ha ha ha awesome!
A big Happy B Day to my idol living it up in Paris Damita Jo aka Love you xoxo.
That's sad, and a little cute. I wink at people all the time. That's like... my only shtick.
So if Jessica Simpson has her kid, do you think it will look like Mearth from Mork & Mindy?
Kudos Alpha Omega chapter of Alpha Chi Omega on Outstanding Chapter Scholarship Program at Birmingham Southern College!
any plans to start selling in the 'couv?
This past Sunday Agents spent nearly 9 days of time inside our app. We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Adorable! Congratulations!
oh, yes. my Green Green Curry was delicious. my only regret was not ordering a double helping
all half times r lip sync
You're gonna have to do more than make a rap about my dick to get under my skin, kid. I make jokes about my wiener everyday! Haha
true, but all objects have shadow and texture variations
listening to another great World Series game.
What's more obscene than all that: Newt Gingrich
follow me, to help women fight ovarian cancer
Gonna start unfollowing the Thunder dick riders/Laker haters smh
to upload pic please link your account with Facebook (settings/connections). We are in the process of adding the option.
Thank you for following us.
God bless everyone!!!
the funny thing about "electability" is that your not really "electable" if you loose your parties primary.
got me crackin up over here!
you're welcome! :)
Bored, && Waiting For My Friend To Text Me Back. Lol
What online ads *do* work? What gets your attention?
I remember you talking about Senate Bill 5550 a while ago, hence the reason I directed this to you. I can't seem to find an answer
yeah wish we could've pulled you something big outta baseball. You did get the upton jersey in the random if you havent noticed
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble. Matthew 6:34
At least he asks. My gift? A blank stare on Sunday. Sigh.
IT'S SPURS time!
Help trend #MahoneOnB96 try to get back here!! :)
Thanks for that RT, Nicholas!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 20
“Before you speak,think-Is it necessary? Is it true? Is it kind? Will it hurt anyone? Will it improve on the silence?”Sri Sathya Sai Baba
now that, I can do!
pinball is fun. Oh and double dragon is a classic!
juat got done workin on #AllStar (music video) w
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Don't forget to wear green!
I will support until the end<3
Clay Walker is taking the stage to perform at #MSconf 2010! Woot!
Happy Friday everyone! Fantasy Football Playoffs stressing you out? I can't sleep! Our site with products and contests will be out soon!
7 days yes seven days until the best show ever starts!! So excited!! Esp since steven tyler has joined! Hopefully my rockers represent!!
It's sad that they stoop to the level of racial politics.
And yet that cloud bloomed only for a minute
Get the blow by blow, as Lady Antebellum talks about their music, track by track, up now in Artist Audio!
#ontheroad Headed back to Nashville!! Yayy:))
you only live once lol
Do you believe in god?
Senator Rosen says maybe someone will come up really great funding idea for stadium during hearings
Yay for Aaron. Great job!!
so go to school in Boston, or come to chill with me at BU
I hope waits!
"All you send into the lives of others, does come back into your own."
You reach the state of Realization when you cast off the conditioning of your material equipments and become one with transcendental Reality
im all done haha i just have to keep going over everything at this point.
Cinco De Mayo with Latin Jazz
still waiting...
#Movember! #Cleveland Prostate cancer awareness!!!
Happy Mother's Day!
will b doing a video at Pets Alive on Fri 4 Animal Shelter Tour. Every1 is welcome to bring donations!
#ThatAkwardMoment when you are with your friend waiting for a youtube video to load, nd there is an akward silence
I've been feeling the same thing! :(
So when is Justin gonna start fucking his fans? I'm waiting.
can't recall but might be repressed memory!
MW3 all night long   the green
enjoy the drive and be careful baby-love u
It has arrived! I nearly kissed the FedEx man
LA friends! We're playing The CIA with our friends on Thursday! See you there
they knew we were nice people & would take good care of this new baby.
Happy Easter everybody! Looking forward to spending the next few days with my mama and my sister. :-)
Are you ready for Monday?
Andie's 2am post and the talk on tag this afternoon
um. I don't even think I remember. ^.^
I can personally recommend it! It's nice to have a place to work through your thoughts in dialogue with friends/peers.
Disagree vehemently. The icy camerawork, script, Oldman, Hurt, Hinds, Cumberbatch + Strong work for me. Rewatched the series too.
I'm nervous now.
If likes it, it has to be good.
Lawmaker wants Disneyland In Clark
just smile. i dnt remember JBrooks ever being down, he always looked on the bright side..
Australia, other side of the world :/
I trust your now 's new stunt man. I'll have to get full report from you.
roof top sesh !
I played you! For sure
OMG YAY ITS TWO PEOPLE I LOVE BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
I have been on both, agree, and can't wait to go on again.
Starting back at the gym today after a nice hibernation. Gotta rip it up on the wakeboard this Spring.
Making shirts tomorrow! So excited. Gonna have merch for the tour!
Congrats on winning #Homebuilder of the Year. And Best New Innovative Product and Best Green Building Mktg and... :)
Did you that it is actually very easy to steal certain foods from Meijer?
Hello! welcome to the family glad to see theres more Alona fansites out there :)
The US produces 4.4 billion pounds of pasta annually, making it the second largest pasta-producing nation.
Yeah. Interesting, LBJ and Kobe weren't there LOL Maybe next time. I am not a fan of either one, btw :D
to be blunt, yes. Personally, if it's about TV, I'm more about live blogging than just "checking in." lol
your hat is on the filing cabinet next to the desk! Thanks again!!
You are a JOY to work with! Can't wait to work with you again! :-)
hey i love your name - mine is Brandaleen follow me over
RT : Twitter is working with high-profile users to increase the quality of content on the network, says
A hospital gig in La Jolla? Yes, that's right.
What a fucking asshole! He used to be the sweetest guy ever, Smh.
Beyonce is pregnant. She showed off her fetus at the MTV VMA's last night.
#INLegis: Smoke in bars is OK because no one's under 21, but kids in smoke-filled clubs is OK, as is smoky charity gaming in schools. Huh?
Ha! Another mention for Taco Bell: - RT Craving Taco Bell, i want that Doritos burrito again !
blah blah blah. shut up stupid whore.
Yes -- that was crazy! 5.8 earthquake according to wvec
you fought hard sir. Learn from yr lose and come back hard.
Aha - so that's why today is ObamaGridlockAlert day in NYC.
I'm in love with instagram and picstitch
My foot fell asleep, so I drew a penis on it.
Never again am I eating taco bell beef.
Hi, please follow me so I can respond to your mes. thanx
to see if she liked it she could sing my song its really nice can u at least tell her that plz!!!!
I'm quite well! I miss you. We should get together, been so long!!! :)
i was already following him. thank god i was cuz i'd sure hate to be doing that!!
Hey dog lovers, sign up with Furryboo, the free daily coupon site for dog items.Max & Ruffy's coupon will be released soon! Sign up today
I wanna box! And kick some ass!!
Even Joel Anthony's hairline is racing backwards lol
I screamed wen i saw the stand up in macys. I sprayed my self and told random people to smell me(:
Haha yea, I literally lol'd
Thanks for the RT :)
Should be another beautiful day out there! Which beach are you headed to?
bars..... we can no longer be friends
It's Friday and it's 5 o'clock somewhere
Jeremy Lin should be playing 2nt. 15mins w/o Mike Bibby on the court could make the difference between Game 6 & no more basketball for NYC
That's all now I'm off to bed
So, did I mention that I got accepted to two #PhD programs? And I am a co-author on a paper for #AERA? I may or may not be terrified!
thank you<3
that was a thrill (:
Fareal. That's love if I never knew it, yo. I've never even met her or spoken to her and she bought two tracks.. fuck man
niggas think the same thing about women though!!
supp boo how ya been
It's SIMPLE if your garbage twitterer you will be deleted.
The Bavarian Lodge totally should have made the list!
Blind and deaf museum in Tel Aviv today!!
Haha okay! But I will probably only get on here the weekends :P
Asus Unveils First Quad-Core Tablet, E Pad Transformer Prime
Completely disinterested in new #NBA franchise in #Seattle. But the #NHL? Bring it on. *Bangs on glass*
sent me a direct message, but I cannot respond to them directly unless they follow me. Oh well!
have you seen pushing daisies?
Word man! I will be working and finishing up the instrumental this week!
Yeah, it's called One Week by Barenaked Ladies.
What have we learned tonight about #CHIEFS........Well...our punt team doesn't suck?!?
It's 53 F outside. I'm gonna swim anyways.
Any cereal with the words "crisp" or "crunch" in the name shreds the roof of my mouth.
Today is one of those days that I wish I was back in Paris in the rain. I can't wait to go back to Europe.
^Herb Adderly, Green Bay Packers cornerback (Super Bowl II): "(When asked if he would rather play the game in Los Angeles or Miami) "I'll...
happy birthday!!!! :)
Ketchup = salsa - veggies. If little E questions your math, send him to me. Happy weekend!
MEXICO HERE WE COME!!!!!!
Kobe about to get rough.
But we do actually have bacon covered hotdogs....
OMG, the bunnies are following me!
Waking up late and feeling like shit
Craving a night of poor life decisions. Vegas in two weeks! Can't wait!!!!
life comes at us a million miles per hour.. if we slip, may may never recover..
how are we meeting up? Train? Car pickup? Or? Cos I now have no way to get the concert :|| and I'm spazzing
they're both the same price pretty much, but I absolutely love Woodley Park/zoo area. Downside is it's smaller than Van Ness location.
LOL i know how that feels!
Woah, that was strange - I thought I was back in Google for the last hour... oh wait, I was! :)
Had a great weekend at the Made In Hawaii expo.
God only knows how much I hate the rain!
I don't see why someone wouldn't hire you as a photog here in town. Have you applied at all the stations?
No wonder nothing gets done, they are too busy responding to phone calls from your users...
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE IN A MEETING, NOT FOLLOWING THE TWITTERZ.
Lean how to use text messaging to keep your customers up to date on the lates news about your business!
#I would give anythin to get u by my side.:))
I gotta watch what I say In Twitter since like people from my school have a Twitter & they follow me now. O.O FUUUUUUU!!
tit for tat, my friend!
Today’s Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Tomato. Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Have a little faith in me
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Gossip Girl online streams
Why have a heart if that shit can b broken
many education clients.
I signed up for one of the sections. My email is if you need to connect with me!
Oh and I forgot we love you ladies and have a great day : )
I HATE school!!
Does that mean its several TV channels can't pick up a live feed of a San Diego station or something to that effect?
Check your DM's...I'm logging off for now but will get your reply....
Weather Trends: Best Beaches for Memorial Day: Check out weathertrends360's picks for the best beach weather in the US and around the...
My wife just asked me, "who are you wearing?"
Watching final destination 5 :)
If it's 1/2 full it's 2x as big as it needs to be. Mine crashes as well. Apple's solution? Uninstall MS products.
I hope your not saying that too me... :/
I love my mom!
#HowAboutWe only go to school two days a week, and have 5 day weekends.
thanks! :) it's a great place to visit - I'm sure you'll have fun!
Reminder. The dustys. This thursday. 7:30. At a place in DC. Vitamin Water Uncapped LIVE.
with muhh cuz:) I love him.... he is a can of nuts:) hahaha:) whoa dude too many juice boxes!
For shame. I can never RT you because of your privacy settings. :(
Lot's O' Tees to print to keep our peeps happy! It's all about keeping the peeps happy, being bored & broke is the other option. Nope.
it depends on what kind of research you do. Qualitative or quantitative. And my interests actually don't lie in obesity (+)
Many heart-felt congratulations to Indian government on tonight's successful long-range missile launch. Take that Kim Jong-un
Headlines can make or break your content. Remember to put just as much effort into your headlines as you do in the rest of your content.
I feel ya! Mines is more of a Whackberry than a Blackberry or Crackberry. I hate it!
Am I crazy for wanting to run Westheads' 'Running in the fast lane?'
Worked with some today hahahaaa. Drew, Paul and JJ kinda has the same ring to it as George, John, Paul and Ringo.
please follow me i love♥♥ you ! :)
Guys who are at least 6'2" >>>>
not home grown, but raised beds are on the todo list this weekend and next
I see a trip to wawa in your future!
when everyone was taller than me>>
Back To Sleep I Go...
oh but dnt he like u back
hey what u doing?
I hope and come back soon bc o miss there tweets :(
Just moments ago spoke @ the SHIELDS LA site visit for the Foster Care Caucus' 2012 Listening Tour.
Opening! SENIOR ATTORNEY, BOSTON: Must have strong real estate experience and JD. Interested? Send me a message!
Klinsmann’s first match in charge of the U.S. National Team will be against Mexico on Aug. 10 in Philadelphia.
The inner geek in me is freaking out... HARRY POTTER WORLD
Bulls live to fight another day
Who ever is prank calling my house phone has me dying omg LMFAOOOO :'] , ya niggas funny !
my favorite color is red, but it all depends!
I just want to say I caught your comedy show live up in Poughkeepsie NY years ago and laughed so hard I pissed my pants...~@&
I'm pretty sure waking up at 3 AM every night isn't a good thing.
I'm so BA. Ya know out till midnight for Firensics... #nerd xD
Congrats to on a VERY successful grand opening last week! If you havn't tried one of their burgers yet you're missing out!
Senatus Populusque Romanus => For the senate and people of Rome, abbreviated SPQR
Crank up the tunes... Back from practice and the serious cleaning session starts now!
A2. Getting a schedule that works for you is key. I adjusted my ed calendar from 5X week to 4X...made all the difference
Im glad its breezy out. I forgot to buy appropriate shorts for work
Uncirculated & signed OBEY print now up to $60! Keep it going, it's all for The Epilepsy Foundation!! Check out the BIC page on Facebook.
So much editing! Love it
I'm totally sending you a pack of cream soda in the package I'm building for you guys. :P Where do I mail it???????
Russ is bitchinnn except I don't know what he's saying half the time
so thankful to be exposed to so many influential + amazing women
She's a STAR!! And her picture is HUGE. I'm going to show it off to her husband tonight :)
vertigo is no fun
Magic Pan, Cinco de Mayo, Putumayo.
Sounds awesome! Great way to finish too :)
I hate bugs with a burning passion
Marabeth Madsen~ Sanity is a small price to pay for happiness.
Wishing I had extra cash to spend on
Right on!
Thanks...I think. I like super hero...mutant, maybe...but couldn't ever do capes. :)
Hope your successful wherever you go.!
Heavy Rain satisfied emotional needs. People aren't that unreasonable. We can let holes go, but had no emotional close
Last day to save 25% on fashion accessories! Use code SPRINGFASHION in your shopping cart. Use it on sale items and save up to 85%!
Still bumpin that trip 6 over everything
Some day I'll be good in the studio !!!!!
My dad invited his friend over to watch the matrix
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're well!
HE'S TALKING ABOUT MY GRANDMA! RT Respect to all the ballers to come from Paterson. Past and Present. Tradition never dies!
I Saw That Tweet And I Was Like "Hey! I Said That!" (:
you know something.. i never thought i would get him attention and when i didnt expect it he followed me #chinup x
I didn't think he was that cute to be honest haha
Are people who get flue shots pessimists?
off yo ass an on yo feet you aint got time to beat yo meat
Real nice to run into you two (I mean three!) the other day !
Great learning experience watching Japanese tea ceremony. #anthropologyofperformance conference at umn.
Excited for #tenzingTasting this Monday. So many great people coming.
Good Lookin Out Bro As Always. Its People Like You That Really Put The City On
Every woman deserves to be treated like a queen 👑
hi! I hear we might see you today!!
It's #YPWeek - Milwaukee! Gathered some new insights on FB, Twitter and Pinterest
I can't drink for twelve hours like I used to.
haha okay we'll get one soon! thinking about subs makes me want subway so effing bad...
If Lebron gets another and 1 shoot I might vomit
#HighShit RT #what2ChainzWouldSay "All I Smoke is LOUD, I don't Smoke No Regula"
It must be #Glee night. Because I'm on the other side of the house, wearing headphones.
Playlist in the Red Line station (Jackson): Fast Car, Stairway. Guy looks like Snoop Dog. Good voice.
Please dont like mainstream music. Please dont like mainstream music. Please dont like mainstream music. "I like mainstream music." -______-
Nigga said he got swag rockin a turtleneck wit some windbreaker pants. #MANITSCOLDIZHELLOUTHERE!
Not many show up to my birthday party, I'm so fucking bum.
Thank you sir!! I wasn't abler to watch it so i'm downloading it. I heard the outcomes and i'm so excited to see it.
Ever seen a robotic spider, a rocket ship, or a fire breathing dragon? Paul meets their inventors at the Maker Faire, Sun (7/11/10) @ 5:30pm
Life come n goes ! But u only LIVE once!”)
thanks! stop in for our chopped chickpeas sandwich that features our lemon confit!
Hey - launched today. (Ted mentioned it when we were at CES.) We want to get you signed up!
gotta b a tough cookie to really do this...cant let ur emotions get the best of u
We've been tweeting from The Cellar in #Blacksburg tonight. They have a #glutenfree ciders, beers, and foods!
Please RT. I need 12 more followers to make 100. Send to all your friends and other young artists.
“: Peyton is only a Bronco because the Colts had a grooved path to Andrew Luck. One more win and Peyton's a Colt .. That's life
hope all is well. Have a great new year. We are having an oyster dinner on the 9th. Should be a blast!
I miss you!
Workout time!!
#S/O TO ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS! I LOVE YA'LL! =D
all dealerships need to get their service dept trained on twitter, then notify customers that they're actively listening
Thanks for stopping in. We can't wait to come in and check out the place and see all the great decor! Best of luck guys!
My two favorites, #FCBarcelona and #Chelsea, play each other in the UEFA semis. Sorry, I gotta go with my favorite Spaniards!
Dog in a backpack. Seen it all now.
When you wanna make things right...you always loose -.-
MB all day ANY day EVERYDAY
Wow the audience is actually engaged this time!
ps again great job covering the #Bills last week. Kidding aside.
I'll give it a shot: SPARQL will be the savior of us all, ready…. go!
lol , i never got it . i have a digital copy tho if you want it (:
Damned if I do damned if I don't
career first, love second. #priorities #coldhearted #not really
A man who cheats and put his hands on you is more likely to do it again
There are unpleasant truths and then there are comforting lies. The truth hurts and lies heal.
I wish I could be spending Easter with my fam...but it looks like I'll be studying by myself instead.
#confession I have a thing for older women
