How so? BOTH HAVE A LOSING CAREER PLAYOFF RECORD. that is a fact. Indisputable. There is NO logic or opinion to debate.
me too :( its not a forshure but for summer ima goo,
Reportedly, Rahm is not returning calls from the Ricketts, so they can kiss help from city goodbye.
Gonna be a great day. Art Institute with an old friend, touristy junk, hangin with the guys tonight. Plus, migraine is finally gone.
RT : No power at the Albuquerque metro office campus. No classes at this location tonight. Classes at Kirtland AFB are going on.
same way with us :)
rough quote: 20th century, valedictorian memorized the most information, 21st century, there is not going to be a valedictorian
Crazy long weekend away with the girls at Beachmere in Ogunquit, ME. So much fun we rebooked for next year. Now back to work today.
Yay! We're not all being radiated (as far as we know)!
thanks for the follow :)
140 - 149? Um, was there any D at all played during the T-Wolves #OKC game??
Damn! I was on avail for that. RT Pentagon accuses "Chinese actors" of being world's biggest perpetrators of economic espinoage
instructional designing :)
Still figuring out your Easter plans? Why not take away the stress of cooking and make reservations at Beckett’s for Sunday Brunch!
oh sociology how i wish you were a little less boring!
Hey! We haven't talked in FOREVER!
ordered shrimp and grits at stella sola as app and again as entree. can die happy now.
can't believe 's performing like 3 hours away from where i live.
just made me want to run out when I saw it come up!
Yeah, Brad Wing. The 31 teams that don't pick Brad Wing next year inherently suck.
Apparently that #Black Friday sale was crazzy;;
Happy Anniversary!
hit u back in a few
#cnndebate what's your response to accusations that your policies create racial divides?
omg I KNOWWW . the things I do for the boys , my goodness ! They better repay me back with a kiss ya get me ? (;
Just like before I should've told you again, that I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Senator Hann defends his decision to review grants
save the drama for ya mama!
In or near Palm Springs? Know someone who is? FREE live talk Better Understand the WHY of a child's behavior. 5/10 6pm contact me for info
just put the feather back outside and nobody gets hurt.
We'll take whatever game you've got: A, B, D, Cornish; Bring it, and we'll bring our vuvuzela's to show you what we think
Working every other day makes every day after the other a Monday. That's not good. Although would it make the end of the work day a Friday?
Better then Bill Ayers list, he just wants to kill all of use. And he is working as a colleague professor, spreading leftist hate.
So I wonder if 5/3 has offered to buy 's twitter handle?
Busy week is over. We're getting You?
#TenThingsToKnowAboutMe I used to be a dancer/Cheerleader/Gymnist
CHI: I'm DJing a loft party 2nite w/ (DM me 4info)
Im So Determine to Get SIGNED To MMG LASTKINGS OCEANGANG YMCMB ALL THIS WORK PAYS OFF
Good morning family ... we are focused on making today more incredible than yesterday ...
what are some the advantages and disadvantages of the school budget
Basketball was fun!!.
Great response to Smokey webisode. You also make an appearance in the Game Show sketch, coming up next Wednesday.
My in-ears are fixed. Thank you Jesus!
So excited for Raw tonight! Forget wearing a suit to work today I will proudly wear my shirt thru all my meetings
Hey Jordan - how are things going? Thanks for highlighting my tweet.
Alright South Texas get out & enjoy some Live Music this weekend! The weather is JUST right...
i saw that i never online in skype baby :)
youre not fat AT ALL. dont let them get to you babydoll! xx
Should we start a WRD Gilmore Girls Fan Club? Please tell me you're a Parenthood watcher.
conflict brings about change
Throw ya hands in the air, if yous a true playaaaa
I need to start a load of laundry before I leave the house tho...
What's your subject? Should teach health class. I had Home Ec in 1968 :)
Show this friday with and LI stand up! BC'S Pub Bellmore, NY.
After 2 weeks of losing my groove and wrestling with my alarm clock over my 0515 swim, I finally got my groove back..for a day anyway.
Florida overwhlems you with physical ability but their offensive execution is very avg..not a great killer instinct
who are you talking to?
that's awesome!! I'm really into vb I play it for two seasons outta the year then go to a bunch of camps during the summer
Why make dinner on a Monday when you can just order a pizza.
: nope but will tomorr! I hope is participating cuz their mac & cheese = Everything!
I have been to the Red Iquana and it is definitely worth it!
I Watch Spongebob Everyday After School
Olicity and Co. shooting some video footage here at R2K today!
how bout a fist with a sweat band on it!
ohmygosh me too!! Aha me & my family went out to eat. We do it every Friday(: wbu??
American Beauty
We are making every effort to ensure that the inaugural staging of the VRWF delivers a memorable and enjoyable experience for all .
that's sad.
I'll bring the bird cage
taylor lautner = pure sexiness. if you can pull a body like that off, then you'll have hundreds of girls knocking at your door.
Half off Starbucks frappuccinos from 3-5pm. Excellent. Also frappuccino is the hardest thing to spell ever.
I'm going to get a new laptop.
Wtf is going down tonight?
I got a bootleg copy of the artist. Good quality but it is black and white and missing sound.
Sad to hear about Pineda labrum tear. I've done the SLAP twice now and it's no joke. Never the same.
Having a great time @ dress for success!
An hour late for work on Mothers Day. 395 ramp from GW Parkway closed; Route 50 closed; stuck in traffic... I want to shoot myself
can't wait to see my sailor come home next month...almost there!! <3
RT : If you play a Nickelback song backwards you’ll hear messages from the devil. Even worse, if you play it forwards you’ll hea...
is my favorite person on this earth
stop tweetting ever 2 seconds & come over already!
The day already started...even for those who haven't moved yet!!!
Follow us! We Flollow Back!!
Emily, did you get tickets for their 2013 tour?
ROFL ! Nice Tips :) If you ever get caught sleeping on the job... slowly raise your head and say, 'In Jesus name, amen'
How about Tony Todd?
H A R L E M BOUND
I just want to say to ALL the USA troops. Thank you!!! Thank you very much and good bless
could I please get an RT for an amazing singer/songwriter, #levilowrey?
Big Girls MOVE Big Weight
Everyone send him silly string for his birthday, he loves that. RT : Today: The final day of my 20s. Onward!
Night x
i felt so pretty tonight<3
Can't fuckin sleep
hey Alis how are you :)
This cat always has a bitchy look on it's face. Maybe it needs a cat vibrator or something. Do they make those?
kind of sad that Karl Malden was only buzzing for about an hour (and got replaced by sree)
heck yeah!
Heads up Ozaukee county, warned tstorm in Washington county moving in next 10-20 mins, pretty much entire county.
You're welcome. I encourage City Kitty. Or euthanasia.
Braves first in the league in Runs, 10th in OBA.
Dallas RT : If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&KhloeTake...
PLEASE HELP US TREND!
didn't c ur tweet n time, but I did tivo the episode. U were Sharp! That should've been ur trip!
AMEN!! RT : Racing season can't get here FAZZT enough!
yo what's up! Let's go for coffee miss thing! Lol
#know12 ServiceNow being used beyond IT: notion of incidents exists in HR, Facilities, etc. Services projects, not just IT
I can!! RT “: testing testing, can you see this?”
Watching the waves roll in from the Gulf of Mexico, wearing a parka and flip flops.
It might be 7 months always but our plans for SXSW are in the works. Support Live Music!
Lmao it aint nun else to say !!!!!
#FF Super group, wait til you see what we create!
All I know For being rusty and all The Patriots looking GOOD...No Tom Brady on the field either...
You said "I love you". I said it too.The only difference is I didn't lie to you.
your first WHAT now? :) hi!
Red Sox winning again? Could be the start of making up all those losses. Not that I care, just an observation worth mentioning.
RT : ...Real Estate BarCamp at the Guthrie Theater. Join the conversation. #REBCMN [Wish I could come!]
Follow right now! This summer, our sports mgmt students will be all over this great Olympics travel site, live from London!
You shoot me down but I won't fall
doing good;) thanks!!
Up all night ♥
"At the end of the day, it's a back-door rate cut," said Dustin Corcoran, CEO of the Cali Medical Association, which represents physicians.
thats great!! i hope you get to join the dance team!!! <3 im happy for u james!!:D
what the hell is this weather featuring David guetta
A true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate...
tell me what happened
something a hardass would say:) haha
You said you wanted to get signed. They pay for affiliations, laying bricks has been in my fam im connected like dots
I give you painful truth i know you want lies
oh. think your gonna get me sad cuz you cussed like no. your just being dumb!
I'm a priest.
"With girlish coquettishness and embarrassment , Nina makes way for him on the bench beside her."- STRANGE INTERLUDE (1928)
That is my dream playlist for yoga. My dream.
and they're definitely not disappointing - dude has skills ;)
Ppl r bad liars :p
Fourth day straight of feeling terrible 😷 blehh
what kind of protein shakes do you prefer? I'm looking into a few brands, but haven't tried anything yet.
Hung out with Chef Yang of #livingsocial. Thanks to for the hook up!
Grammy night dinner - Chicken and Spinach Orzo pasta with Brazilian Cheese Bread. My wife can cook! Thank you good Lord :)
yup haha u gotta problem with that :P
What's your BEST piece of wisdom to new Event Planners? Please share and we'll share your shares!
I love the swag of your spirit! You are absolutely amazing to me. God made you special not only to Him, but also to me.
when you fuck with me/you'll always want more, I'm so damn addicting like sex to a whore
Scored my best game ever: 221 pins!
Yay!! RT: “: Time for the ride to work listening to and Karla.”
MY BABIES AH
Peace out Manhattan. It's been real. I'll visit soon.
#layoff news- #California: UI Code change: Establish claims under alternate base period set by law no later than 4/2/11 (previously 4/3/11)
looks like tamar is tired of being in your shadow #bfv getover-it-tamar.com
New England Patriot Brian Waters and his Lovely Wife Yolanda at The Spa Bar for his SURPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY!
The worst thing would by the Tworture
Yp\ou're so welcome! Once my laptop gets fixed I'm gonna doa video(:
Most discrimination on the basis of conviction/arrest record happens when employers review CCAP.
Getting my hair washed :)!
Give us a call as long as your in California we can still help you 949-769-3400 call on Monday OK?
Glow bowling and rolling nothing but strikes with and
T4: Much like CMIOs, linking the clinical perspective to the data is imperative for quality to improve, IMO
How bout YOU dm ME >:)
im gonna Beg and Make my parents get me Tickets for ONE DIRECTION!! May the odds be ever in my favor(; haha
Talking about importance of everyone having the right to trial by jury. That's why we're here. Hadn't thought of it that way.
#loveindy is it happening right now? Any admission charge?
Learned at that Shirley McClaine will be honored with this year's AFI lifetime achievement award in June. Very cool!
If you can't make it, go to HopePark.com at 1130, pastor David Perez.......I really miss my church family in Nashville
It sucks that web I need you the most, you're not here.
me too! I'm KtRnst.
GLEE Sneak Peek: Is Mercedes Dying??
"you is kind, you is smart, you is important." :)
just left (;
#libmade barriers to innovation/space - could go mobile!
Thought I was going to have to come out of the bullpen to give you CPR.
" to move to NY city would be so big..I would paper the entire United States." this should be in the Onion!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
Happy birthday!
I think it's hilarious that the LA Kings are leading the series 2-0 against Vancouver. I'm a Bruins fan, what do you expect.
Enjoyed it as well! Real bevs sound good
Wowzers. 5 wins in a row for the !
Congrad, to all the accomplishments, Toni and Black whats up
Wow...I actually was looking at that page when you asked Q12 and thought you might ask that question! I know the answer!
'Be present.' Great inspirational talk by #IU athletics director Fred Glass at Boys & Girls Club fundraiser.
10 a.m. is too early to break into the tin of cookies my co-worker gifted me for my birthday...right?
&&' Just Here With My Frieendd &' Listenin to music (:
GASP, they need to be stung
Oh! I had no clue it was in CA. Just thought since you're 'here', umm, yeah. We will definitely contribute. No doubt.
Sabres I'd attempt to unload, in order: Sekera, Roy, Gragnani, Leopold, Stafford, Gaustad.
PAT! You go in! What address didn't work? Not going to CAUS tomorrow... still want to help. I appreciate you thinking of me.
I Make Irvington Look Good . . . . Ask me how!
Duh, where have you been?
Arthur Miller and Marilyn Monroe? Is bringing to DC?
Starting a new scene at the Pearl Cup.
yeah Cupid alright...
Things I've Googled so far today: ballgowns for men, satin ball gown drag queen, design wedding dress online.
its worth the wait
they need to dump Beckett.
Birthday celebration is at the midpoint ... hoping for things to become truly unbelievable in the next few hours.
Last night I wrote myself a letter. But I forgot to sign it and now I don't know who it's from.
well I know we dont know each other like that but im your friend and willing to be your friend.
no worries, it'll be fine. Just really caught me off guard
I'm twatching !!!;) him
I shoot for the moon. But I'm too busy gazin' at stars
There's a special place in my heart for departing senator Olympia Snowe.
Jersey Shore's Deena Cortese didn't risk interacting with her fans at MTV..guards whisked her to town car..crazy chaos
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesn't follow the script.
Follow my original account:
depends on the week and some other factors. Wife is pregnant with our first and we are learning a lot.
We're not the same person we were a year ago, a month ago, or even a week ago. We're constantly changing. Experiences dont stop. That's life
When u want to get something out of life...surround urself with people u don't know
how yu get to grades ready mane
I feel sorry for you.
Honey Magazine slated to relaunch 2012 stay tuned!
Search until you find a costume that you truly like and that is well-made
I hope so! I thought we'd be right on time.
What is truth...but a meer interpretation of your own perception?
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean whenn its sung in a song?
Wonderful day filled with observing our government at work and our people making their voiced heard. I <3 DC (again)
Organic farms yield less produce, require more land: study
sick and tired of driving all my family members and their various friends everywhere!!
Servant leaders are mission driven. There's more to this than us - Vicki Clark
Have you heard of ? They have an awesome ginger like you & have done covers of WTK.
At this point in my life I'm really great full for giving me happiness and peace this past month 😍
It's wonderful to see you on Twitter. While I don't leave cello's in taxi cabs, I have a bad habit of locking myself out of my car!
#Wegmans using local produce as a loss leader... hurting local farmers. cot.ag/nmIQ0f (via )
date night with my main squeeze :)
Congrats you are the retarded offspring of five fishfrogs having butsex with a squirel! Gotta love south park! Haha
Butler goes on run to bring it within two, trailing 21-19. Kameron Woods has five points of the bench, sky is the limit for this kid.
Congrats to the SD Girl Scouts for their successful Cool Women Luncheon! Inspirational women who give back are being honored!
Going to this guitars and stars Thing for work look for me for a free shirt and look for the tattooed dudes BOOOOOZINNNNNNNN
.haha, im trippin' hard. im kinda hungry too... fuck!
There are a bunch but, I care about making artists like you visible. You guys are so talented and I wanted to help.
Does anyone else find it convenient that Ashley Judd is standing up for some issue in the media just when her new tv show is out?
Don't do them like that. lol
RT : #Bears head coach Lovie Smith 54 years young today. Great guy, darn fine coach.
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
All last-sessions-at-a-conference should have a DJ. Thanks , , and all!
What I'm hearing is that it's enough to duplicate your twitter content. Big G is watching & indexing.
I love ya music cant stop listen to ya cd's...
I now have a new account for NSR, it is NSRIndiana. You can follow me on that account as well.
Maybe I should just leave you guys alone.
#First20SongsOnShuffle #2 Devil In The Machine by Liquid Stranger
I'm so glad they didn't mess it up!
Mayor Rahm Emmanuel says "Day of Reckoning" has come and its time to fix chicago's pension mess-chicago tribune
I gotta get up early! >.<
The best way to prepare for death is to live life to its fullest
I didn't but I will. Thanks.
THIS MY LAST TIME GETTING THESE TWIST... 11:30AM TO 6:30PM??? WTF??? SMDH.... THEY MADE ME MISS THE AWARD CEREMONY... BITCHES???
Just checked in using my iPad. Going to ATL for conference.
Do something spontaneous today. An act of random kindness. Report back what you did.
RT : Tell me about a moment when you knew for certain that your path was correct. How did that make you feel at the time?
Good morning 2012 Celebration attendees! Remember to follow #CLbrT2012 for conversation about the conference!
I have simply three wishes: 1) to go to heaven 2) to b loved bby atleast one person 3) for all this drama shit to end. Its getting old.
Ball so hawrd my ankle hurt
fuck yes. new song to be named "one of these days alice"
hit us up on that Facebook. W.facebook.com/thecellarsf
Lemme ask u this..do u use a house ball? RT : I'm planning on an 800 series. Disco lights only fuel my bowling skillz.
#WordsINeverWantToHear I dont love you anymore...
#ireallywant to not care what you think of me
you bout ready? I'm here at Reese Hall. I can head over whenever
Ready for you early! Double Punch drink of the day is our German Chocolate Mocha! Remember it is 25% OFF almost Everything in Bookstore.
I'm good ma...when u come back...u need 2 come by...
Please stop sponsoring American Digger - a program that encourages exploitation of our heritage for personal profit.
I must be scary. Only free seat on bus is next to me & some woman prefers to stand.
Sigh. Third rejection in a row on things I've had floating out in the world. Cue existential angst.
“: "You can't be free if you don't reach for help..."”
Being the only teenager in the car without head phones is sad! At least the radio is on! :D
If you die in an elevator, make sure you push the up button.
nigga, you go to sleep haha
Happy Birthday L!
I don't think realizes how popular she is in the
Just went hunting super fun.... But got my phone taken away last night like and hour after I found it. :( UGH!
I'm guessing that the fans that get the most upset are people who are life long fans or they bet lots of $ on the game
We need to do a podcast tomorrow
Like #Smithsonian, huge nerdy ideas brewing between #thirstdc & #NASA nerdettes & - get on this!
Yeah, it works out to $5 per site for 10 sites, and down to $1.50 per site for 500 sites.
Good strategy...but I have perseverance. So close...yet so far...
stop your gonna make me cry
oh! Really its on mine! But it's not on YouTube for me :/
Ha! RT : Phew, glad it's morning! Lady in hosp bed opposite me sleep-argued with herself ALL NIGHT. In different accents! :o
You have to have the TASTE to win, the WANT to win, and above all....the WILL to win! Now conquer your Sep. goals!!!
...while school-books and newspapers typify the busy, civic, and educational existence of the United States. (1850)
no problem! and thank you, glad you think so! :)
Glad I have a bunch of friends sitting downtown risking their ass for these NATO assholes what a joke, be safe brothers n sisters
Britain's Got Talent is back!
“: Making hot dogs takes water and fire. Making cools dog takes sunglasses and a dog.” huh?
« either you fwm or you don't ain't no IM BETWEEN ISH miss me wit that»
- Click here------>>> to find out this about how to get this for free!! hahahaha
University Pres. Rod Erickson says he wants the Penn State community to learn "not just the legal thing to do, but the moral thing to do."
Especially when it's the color of a pet's fur.
If our chakras weren't already open, we'd be dead.
Check out these amazing musicians! Let's give 'em a grand Twitter WELCOME! (o:
Independent Massage Therapists offer a personal touch to their longterm clients.
Thank you for following RIFT. This Chilling story that is based on True Events will be at the Leammle Theater in Beverly Hills on April 29
yeaa , but chris coghlan is just straight up beautifull !
A friend walks in when everyone else walks out
au revoir french homework
RT : Marching band members, don't forget about your physical forms.
They got you? RT : Spanked by Twitter API. Ouch. Be back when they let me in.
Nice site darkroom. Is it a custom WordPress template?
Getting my #ala11tech nerd on!
what happened to John Kerry's face?
It's so good when somebody loves you back. I'm talmbout a 50/50 though. That's love.
losing those two games against the Yankees totally ignited the Red Sox current momentum. Let's see how it lasts.
RT - So who its gonna be gabbert for jacksonville jaguars or newton tenn?-?
S/0 to #super booty that shit go
I need another WoodWick candle. That one you got me was phenomenal. Where can I get one?
SERIOUSLY! I remember looking them up and a picture of a street sign came up. Look at them now.
who cares. Do you fuck is the real question
Healing the hyperbaric way
Shouting Out to Pat Pope @ #ISDIP2012 from her home team in Cincinnati!!
RT Happy mothers day to all, enjoy!! U deserve it  // THANK U.
Knew a good portion of these people. Mayfest is dank.
Failures are the tuition you pay for success. When you have a setback, choose to react positively and learn something.
#GEMARocks is running a bit behind schedule, but be sure to stay tuned to #WGTB! We'll begin the broadcast as soon as the show's ready to go
So I thought we were learning new research 2day, but I attended a great #MSM-related #hpv training today. I'll share when I get the slides.
Just added a new payee to my online banking. Does it ever end?
mfw my internet completely evaporates just as I deliver the death blow to some #zerg guy.
tell me how I trip over my shoe lace...when my shoe is tied?
That's not my weapon... I am just shooting it. :)
Don Mattingly: What a Young New York Yankees Fan Saw That Made Mattingly a Hero - Bleacher Report
we love you too:)
You had a great tasting! Have you tried St-Germain + Whiskey?
Sometimes the world is way too small.
Today is #SexySunday ... Heading to a shoot with the fab & MUA ;) Can't wait!! Time to get #sexified. Xo
Now that Bieber's tour is over, it's a possibility that he shows up at Chris's concert in Pittsburgh. :))
shutup and come be here with me , miss You. Smile
Hi! Been a while hasn't it? How you been sweetie?
You got that right. My dream car is a 1968 Dodge Charger. I used to have one...OMG that car was amazing and I miss it.
Roasted some cauliflower with coconut oil, dressed it w/ tahini, lemon, olive oil. Pretty much the most delicious thing ever
My love affair with my Nissan Altima is fading fast. It has an engine rattle that sounds like $$$ flying out of my wallet.
looking for an imaging specialist for ideation and visualization work in packaging + retail/channel + motion + interactive environments.
To A Great 2010!
Oxy Mo: Amature Expert (..or as we'd like to say... Intern!)
so not "Reggie"? Duly noted.
Thank you!
I didn't know they gave out rings at the holocaust ahahah. Love this movie
Kareokee is fun....well watching it lol
What the hell... auto correct shouldn't even have that word there... );<
I CAN NOT STOP LISTENING TO YOUR SONG 11:11!<333333333333
i had a dream about a fall out boy reunion, in human form!!!!
hi Sebastian, years ago, I met you through a mutal friend, Eddie Ojeda who knew Chris Mc. I actually opend for you at toads.
Working on a cloud quote.
Takeaways from Day 1: Tech can be used for good and evil 2. ICT enabled not ICT driven 3. Locally adopted
he's pretty good, what's he make 5k a year playing in Yugoslavia?
was curious myself about pump.
You know who's happy about all this Mel Gibson stuff?
I know right.. I supposedly still co-own the collected DVD with Nicky ... where is that guy?
creepy cat lady!
thank you!
Lolk. I'm done with you.
Injustice could be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural restrictions cannot be removed.
You're adorkable :)
Imagine if NBA overtime was sudden death LMAOOOOOO
Guess u gotta come this year ;) RT : CMA Fest Memories 2011 me & but sadly missing
I saw a video of you eating shit out of a tree in the middle of the lake today. Ashley and I had to re-watch like 3 times. Ha
No one wants to see your bear claw. Pull your shirt down or wear looser pants.
are playing live with the Koffin Kats @ the otherside in Tulsa, OK on November 18th 8pm
I loved the finale but mad at the same time that i have to wait til next spring to see the shows next season u deserve an award!
What were some of your favorite dresses from last night's Academy Awards?
My #Zoom360 has arrived!!! Hello, kid on Christmas morning!!!! Could I be more excited!?! Simple answer.... Nope!
Before you “assume” try this crazy method called “ask”
Watched "My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding". Interesting...women married at 16 and becoming housewives. Rare for them to know how to read/write...
Yay! It's an amazing book. And congrats on buying a house!
Hor d'oeuvres, live music, and an open bar means happy people at our booth at
Bruce Willis in The Jackal.
not in Detroit
Suddenly, Jay-Z can't name *any* Meredith Brooks songs.
Thanks, I had a great time! I always enjoy talking to smart, engaged students.
Enjoyed the piece. An aspect of trails and highways involves groups of minority descent.
no because labor day is the next day so you will be safe lol
LOL! I'm coming back soon as I can afford it!
Yes. This makes the Trayvon Martin case even more absurd.
Starting to lose faith in JPMorgan
I want MORE INK.
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. - Jerry Seinfeld
my personal is I don't use it anymore so we could just use that :)
dropping my mixtape real soon go cop that from your local bootleg man im spittin fire on the mic
Your attitude is shit. Goodbye.
Go some place you've never been before. RT : Shout I go to Costa Rica instead and save Hawaii for the winter?
Beavis & Butt-Head. Tonight. 10pm. MTV.
Awesome! Is there a good local scene out there?
hit clean hockey check, Letang leaned down late awkwardly and got bulldozed. Shoulder, not elbow, and contact point was chest
“: “: M... Should I do a shot while I'm at home?!” what u think bout dat?”
Mind your own fucking business. What I do with my life should be none of your concern.
Feeling good today.
omg- that is hillarious... sad, but hillarious - gives a whole new meaning to "pizza face"
You too Sir
Burgers on a truck? So brilliant it borders on diabolical! /cc
I wish someone could pause time and just let me sleep.. I'm so tired
If a problem doesn't make a student go hm, is it a problem at all?
Not too bad, my shower was cold this morning :( but I got Starbucks and I get to visit family this afternoon =)
I have to think what I want it to be.
Now I confused the heck outta people
Car I just passed had a "need a Santa?" bumper sticker and mr. Claus in full costume.
writing. new shit... inspired
the only daughter.
I need some of that heat
Bus ride home is already a comedy of errors with a slightly rage-fueled driver. Should be a fun commute.
if you study it isn't bad but I didn't crossword is due also
woah! Blast from the past! How are you guys?
Ha. Those foghorns better be real in this pea soup or there could be another disaster on the river!
My Indian porn name is Watch n Wack.
No not yet! Isn't he at his prom? :)
Oh it is so beautiful!!!
I love the eat-your-way-out scenario
let's dance in the moonlight.
Enjoy it!! <3
It's important to set goals.
is freaking out that I have a birth mark
something like that happened to me last week. I just flipped out my switchblade and scratched my head. He shut his mouth.
yea but I got me a cold glass of H2O right beside me
except that handle doesn't exist lmaooooo
Oh, I can do better. I just need to know what meaning needs INCLUSION
Obese player ARE dying at age 43, at a much higher rate than suicides. NFL players now are bigger than ever.
My moms a bitch, my dad's an ass, my sister is psyco, & my brother is an idiot !!
Beautiful tasting you put together there. Thanks for sharing your discovery. Cheers!
"Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish."
Ok I will work on this and send a link. This is cool!!
Even though we aren't together anymore. I love you so much MAL <3333
That exciting moment when you're about to try a new cereal you've never had.
Got simple #JNI example working with #jamvm on #OpenWrt #Kamikaze 8.09.1. Finally progress is being made.
Could you please please credit that cover video to "Wax Ecstatic & The Pympster"?
Take a seat Mendenhall that was a nasty hit Nada!!
do you remember having coming to Washington, Everett at the events center ? just wondering if would do that again?
I fear for your safety ... badgers have sharp claws, you know.
aye bro you get my text?
come on wit it fwm
Happy wedding day to my dear friends Tiffany & Lennon!! What a great day & so honored that I was a part of their big day!!
That's the end of the Knicks season... Sad day ....
newsletter? My blog?
I always do! That was a sweet deal ya got! Nicely done!
what other occupation. Freedom plaza?
Don't tempt me! Beau & I will be there, eating your food & preserves, and stealing his honey from his bees. Forever.
I'm already starving and ready for lunch
Eating every few hours helps to diminish cravings and stabliize blood sugar.
Yay, got my nails done :)
"Modern man is confronted with the task of making more readjustments of human values in one generation than have been made in 2000 years."
ah its nice out sucks I got a ton of work to do.
I don't like when people sit on my bed... That's why I always lay my Hello Kitty blankets when I know someone is coming haha.
ICC and WIPO launch Spanish version of "Making Intellectual Property Work For Business:" See ICC website.
My teacher sounds and looks like gigglie puff I swear
I LOVE YOUR HAIR SO MUCH!!!
I just met a Jew. Weird.
Sounds like a plan. Have a great weekend.
I put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air
Just heard a crazy rumor that will be giving out beer tickets to everyone who sees PANDEMONIUM on opening night.
assistant coach Buck Williams not extended. Contract expires end of june -
Good things come to those who work their asses off and never give up.
This is me too tonight.
I'll always do what is asked of me, but I am not a fucking mind reader.
Lots to mull over after--> RT:: Saw Becky Shaw last night Theatre. Comedic yet darkly satirical. Highly recommended.
Use software to track strategic plans. Libraries need to show accountability when working with admin ... and, you know, generally
When you are the strong one ppl don't give you permission to hurt
New Badass Images From Disney&#39;s Brave Put Katniss Everdeen In ...
my policy is always to NOT let companies store my CC info. Customers should have been made aware of your former policy.
fuck the D.E.A, I.R.S, and U.S Marshalls for the shit they pulled today at Oaksterdam #RIP to those who lost there life over a fucking plant
Good morning twitter!!!! Woke up feeling real great !!!
seriously..why am I here?
Hey Matt, my dear friend sent me here. I voted for you. Hope you get it, kid!
u2 thanks
#dumbthingspeoplesay If homosexuality is a disease then can people call in work 'gay'
Up early in the AM after a beautiful night. Ready to do it again next weekend
The officiating in the 4Q of this game is SO weak. For both teams.
I wish I could just stamp an image of Peggy Olson headdesking on some of these papers.
I love Snow Drifts from #CaribouCoffee :)
I absolutely loved the film 'Bottle Shock'! Pretty much anything about Napa & it's amazing wines & wineries I love!!!
Mayor press conf at 1:00 to prempt growing support for alder resolution extending time for tent city to stay on Occupy site.
Fresh out of practice now a long day of class !
Beautiful shop~Great new location on Montgomery Blvd in Mossman Center!
hey what kinda drums you have man??
where did I leave you?
YOU'VE GOTS A BETTER CHANCE THEN I DO
Me thinks that the moment my legs begin to move, my thoughts begin to flow. ~Henry David Thoreau
PM contacted Parcells 4 input & BP asked him if hes heard of Jamie Moyer, cant throw as hard but still gets outs Via
Before twitter, celebrities used to sit dead for months and months completely unnoticed.
Adele's voice gives me goosebumps
thanks for the recommendation! Having dinner at 5 Napkin Burger on Lincoln Rd with
ready to do work son whatup?
Being listed totaly rules. i mean if i belong in it and all that junk. high five!
Join a Recession Proof Company!! Work from home and make extra cash!
Remember when Google+ was awesome and totally going to replace Facebook? Ya, I'll stick with Dropbox for now.
Last night I felt like I was in a production of Waiting For Godot with a soft rock soundtrack
all night? that's a 30 minute gig! and that's at 4! :P
LOL! I think I know the subject... Maybe... maybe not! There are DMs
#goodhostess #goodsport. Now the The Bachelor is over, what is the next train wreck to watch? I can't find any...
Looking for something to read in Central Park? Check out thousands of titles at The !
We're alright I guess haha. I haven't got any photos with Uncle Ted, not really allowed cameras backstage
ANDRES. ANDRES DON'T YELL AT ME. YOU'LL DAMAGE YOUR BLACK LUNG EVEN FURTHER.
Just found out the boy I'm following on here has a girlfriend. :-(
Finally over you, phone buzzes, great here we go again<3
Finally got to see #TheAvengers! Such a good movie!! Well worth the wait! Chris Evans and Robert Downy Jr. are pretty bad ass!
- it sure is! Delaine! Great to hear from you. email me at mike dot webb at propublica dot org
I'm so tired from last night just laying in bed reading and tweeting and hopefully napping soon.
***Oh Noes!*** My raffles won't load... is it me, or are you having a little hiccup?
Whichever makes me popular…
only tickets left are for season ticket holder for 2013
Stop lying about me...and i'll stop telling the truth about u.
Can't wait to see Moore, Gordon and the gang under the arch tonight!
cafe press is pretty decent.
haha thanks bud(: I love you too.
Sully scoring = Tom Hanks figuring out how to make fire in "Castaway"
and Chris Bosh lol
JR Carnival (kiddies carnival) will b held @ Broward Regional Park on Oct 2nd...it's a FREE event! Bring out the family & support the kids!
Yay! Keep us in the loop and holler if we can be of assistance. Pa'lante como elefante!
I have had a great time teaching social media classes this week as part of Tech Week at the Library. This afternoon: Hilliard branch!
it would nevel
In the evening news why do they say good evening when there is nothing good in the news.
You sound JUST like the people who bash and hate on TNA just because of their insecurities. Instead you SHOULD BE FOCUSING ON TNA
Have a great time in London!
hey, we met at #RCC a while back, sorry it's taken me so long to connect
Thanks for sharing this article. Very informative. :)
I feel like the artist we have in milwaukee now can get us some labels to come take a look. But we need to go hard abd not be a miltown star
Thanks to you too! Glad to hear you liked the class. See you tomorrow (good luck in the AM!)
Today's youth are digital natives and marketing natives
Please let it snow lots tonight and tomorrow!! I want my very first snow day!! And to make a snowman!!
what about Barry Levinson's And Justice for All...Pachino a bit over the top, but featured a great turn from Jeffrey Tambor
I feel like a lost cause
just cuz the majority think its cool.. doesnt mean it IS cool.. Fuk the popular belief
“: Wait...were u on msnbc or channel 4 back home? ” he was on THE ;)
Just checked into studios #daydreamsandnightmares June 2012
You are among friends. Everyone- always- everywhere. Life is good!
sorry kenflo clearly won edgar deserves immediate rematch 4sure it would be an injustice if he doesn't get it!
#Bison fans sound loud!!!
lol no seriously..what college did u end up goin to
With the end of the Iraq War flying Michelle Obama and her entourage to one exotic vacation after another is the military's largest task.
I am so happy for you guys . . . young black men . . luh dat!
It is almost time for #CMLbookchat!
Pretty&CHOCOLATE!
#sunburnt in #march ☀👍☺
No early bird this time around, just 12-8 PM. Also figuring out shows for June & October. #EarlyBird will be back eventually!
Screw this work thing...... Lets just play music
Oh cool. I've heard good things about Moonshine.
it's exactly what happening
Thanks for the RT! It should be an interesting event.
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do, but doesnt get you anywhere!
“: So N. Korea was less crazy With Kim Jung Il?” scary thought isn't it?
So pumped for kings island in a week.
Miss you too. They keep taking my phone away.
Survival of the fittest. Let's go Brewers
Retweet if you believe in God! Keep scrolling if you don't! (Remember he's watching)
the fast brown fox hopped under the lazy dog.
I hate it when u refuse to go on a truck stop date
I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT JUST HAPPEND AH! HAHAHAHA
I think your a great actor. Maybe we will get to work together one day. :) please follow back!
Man if only Watson dribbled the ball out to kill clock and get fouled with maybe 3 seconds left dang smh
Some people have bad hair days, I have bad Zumba days every now and then. Today was one of those days!
: im glad u didn't haha even though i got a few sips of ur southern comfort
nope not that guy... was like 3 years ago... can't place his name short stocky guy with a beard
loves the text I just sent her && she knows it. ((;
You understand. :)
can't have the Knicks/ Jeremy Lin ... That was a rough game, they won today tho!! :-)
Are you over 40 and noticing your face is not as fresh as it was in your 30's? We can help w/ our signature "Belladerma Mini Lift."
Congrats to you both! Yay I get to see you then too! RT : Congrats to co-winner ! :) cc:
haha jess and I are gonna go on jerry springer!
I'm sad :( I no longer have a PC to make music on :( & not sure when I'll have the $ to get a new one. This blows.
Back on the left coast for a few days in #PDX! It's nice to be home, but I'm headed back to #NYC on Monday.
I b back I'm bout to take this shower real fast
Not bad logic :-)
6 LIKES AWAY AND YOU ALL GET THE NEW SONG!! LET'S DO THIS!!
You just made my weekend! There's a Jackson Brodie tv series?! I may be clueless but I have plugged-in friends.
There seems to be some kinda spambot being spread through direct messages, so watch the links you open...
thanks for the good juju! ;-)
More and more often lately I find that cartridges aren't charged with nearly the usual amount of juice. Not happy about it.
Feeling sick :(
Ppl always tryna tell me wut I need to do I guess cuz I'm not living my life to their expectations
Just wanna get this quiz over with so I can go home
thank you !!
oh yeah I gotta get you some episodes of Eastbound and Down, watched like 4 new ones last night, funny shit!!!!
Yeah, doing #pdxtraffic is a change for me too. Having a good time. I'll be back in the weather center tomorrow morning!
Unacceptable for an actor on a tv show to deliver lines with their mouth full of food. First and last time I'll ever watch Happy Endings
cant wait either =)
Librarians should get a pad and a plug and get away from the reference desk.
is it safe to call him Broadway Tebow?
When and AJ was on I never missed a show. Those were the days. #ImissThem I love Rocsi and Terrence but
I still don't understand how/why Twitter will unfollow folks I choose to follow and suggest folks I'm not at all inclined to think about.
We've been trying to get in a commercial but his hair is in high demand these days!
sounds good
On the road again!
Cass! Or John. Either are acceptable.
Like the universe, Bryzgalov has been humongous big in the net tonight.
Thanks for posting! I'm just getting started on Pinterest and appreciate whatever help I can get.
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time. It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
Looking forward to your commentary!
As soldiers of Christ "No soldier gets entangled in civilian pursuits, since his aim is to please the one who enlisted him" 2 Timothy 2:3-4
Perfectly put.
i don't know what I'd do if you left me, so please don't go away.
no it's just teresa
don't ever dare to talk with me!
Great. I'll send you details of the conference.
someone tell him there's only a script for weather when there's a guest
your only as small, as the world will make you seem.
will do. Thanks!
I was happy at first, then looked at the calendar to see it's 2012, not 2006.
TIME 2 GET OFF MY FEET & SIT ON MY AZZ!
We are so close to the flower district. Surprise your sweetie w/ a bouquet, a bagel & a latte! Stop by the font desk and grab a city map.
wow in 140 characters? ;-) “: well hello! future of women's soccer in the US #wpschat”
I'll take that WARNING risk!
Sorry to hear you had a rough morning! Hope your day got better!
Thank you. Consider The Orphan Master's Son, A. Johnson; Touch, Alexi Zentner; Civilized World, Susi Wyss.
Girls golf: Wilsonville moves back into tie for 1st in NWOC after scoring 193 yesterday to win match at Quail Valley. Liberty 2nd (179).
It's opening day. We bought one of everything! On second though, might want to wait until the madness dies down...
Daydreaming about my summer routine...I'm over it...2011-12 school year
I just found this account. I've liked you on #facebook for a while though!!!
As long as your chest is pounding, you can rest assured that you're still alive!
im gonna cut myself a big piece of cake because I deserve it
Crash on WB 94 near Puetz rd. will close the interstate until 7AM says 3 semis, two cars; one truck driver hurt.
: Mathematical Mischief is a newly published book that encourages 4th graders to write about math. www.mathmischief.com
books books books
These are not even iMessages, just every new IM message triggers Messages to open on the other machine.
Saw Queens of the Stone Age last night Amazing show. But had a hard realization that I am, in fact, too short for man concerts.
Thank you, so was yours!!! Super-excited to connect w/ you at #SYS! So much awesomeness will be in that building :)
Dreamweaver keeps crashing, so taking it back #oldschool with Notepad.
I swear thats the only bitch that understands me
how can you drive traffic to your #Facebook page with real-world #marketing tactics?
Thanks for sharing, hope your food was delish!
She sends her love.
In class with Krystal!
Absolutely - it boggles my mind that potentially superfluous credit card debt can be wiped out but student loans can't be
good idea to check with first about Accessibility Camp DC (Canadian Thanksgiving weekend). Have extra bed at house.
Thugs, whores, and Josh Hutcherson. Lmfao just kidding nothing much talk to
Thanks for the follow! Friend me on Facebook too!
Why is it that the end of the day is when all the work comes.
I was just thinking about that today. I went to buy some and a pack of like 100 was like $4...
heya Pete! Thanks for following. :)
Thank you and Welcome to all our new followers.Come on out to Elmington Park on West End 2day and get some good ol country cookin
Super Tuesday!
Will twitter and facebook quit changing?
#Rememberwhen Austin skyped his fans for free, when it didn't take spam for him to notice you, and remember when he would dm us regularly.
. has taken over #ClosetSundays! Packed out house! Best gay party on the strip
ah yeah!!! And let's not forget mister high five station!
so glad you they tasted #delicious! :)
Very excited to feature our NEWLY RENOVATED apartments! Stay tuned for more details!
The request that Derrick Fisher make more than 20% of his shots.
Its been far too long - let's reconnect over coffee or lunch - how's your schedule next week?
what a dope crew u have (prof pic) lol
Fab day even though it's cloudy and raining.
Tired and sore. Goodnight
FOLLOW THEM THEY ARE PART OF THE MOVEMENT WE FOLLOW BACK
Slowest people EVER
It was a hearing. I don't believe there was a vote
If you follow us, please follow them
Uncomplicated Woman: #4 She processes past her emotions into her #PURPOSE!
Haha. Maybe sometime I will tell you.. just not on twitter!
- There is a Joss thing about names and naming one's self.
What has Jason Garrett done to show he's the right guy. 49ers Harbaugh has done more with less.
#uxweek begins. I'm surrounded by nerds like me
Some times i wish i was a full time student & didn't have to worry about bills
better....going to jump into the shower and get ready for work....you should be heading to bed soon....talk to ya later...
Great "Run For Their Lives" walk/run!The generousity of spirit, and the healing power of our community, Lach's Legacy is fighting SIDS in SD
Resources are things that work for you. Resourcefulness, is about YOU making things happen.
“: Did y'all see my girl on Law and Order?!!!! Awesome huh?!!!” You should be so proud of her. Now go have a drink or two or...
taking ideas for this year's peep dioroama. entries due friday. mustaches and marshmallows reenacting the pedal keg ride?
Wait, What??? RT 3 hours til & it will be just like old times #isthereashowtonite?
PLease follow! It would mean the world to me!!
Suddenly, my early to bed Wednesday, late night Thursday #relayforlife routine seems like a terrible idea in light of a 2-fer this weekend.
You take away the pain, and I thank you for that. If I ever get the chance, 'bet I’m paying you back. I’ll be waiting for that…
"I'm getting paid to dance!" - A coworker, on his last day of work.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets
Josh Johnson should forget Sf and Wash, dial up Denver. I bet they'll pay well for the right backup. And you could be "the future"
I can conquer the world with one hand, as long as you're holding the other.
Thanks for #FF!
Just made reservations for next Friday to try the menu and cocktails - SO excited!
I don't like (nor understand) the trend of blogs / news sites changing their text color to gray instead of black. It's not easy on the eyes.
Still basking in gig afterglow. Next up, and My new year's resolution is coming along swimmingly.
Just had legitimate celebrity sighting in NYC airport. Now feeling slightly paranoid as everyone I see looks like they *might* be famous.
*Yawn* Im tired tonight so im gonna head offline. Goodnight all! :)
Reaching into my full pocket, I found emptiness.
Feelin like its time for a lil' nap
porn today - since I shouldn't really be leaving the house right now! I sometimes forget how "bad" some porn can be! Lol - but at
Baruch offers students endless opportunities to succeed like interning abroad. Attend the Int'l Internship Extravaganza today to learn more!
ha ha ha ha ha ...very astute observation...CHEERS TO THAT!
I love your undies I own some exactly the same lol
Nothing inspires confidence like a white smile! Got a Valentine in mind?? Get a whiter smiler just in time! www.kravitzdental.com
Check out my cover of Adele's hit song "Someone like you"
Birthday shout out to my one and only Harry Noots!!
Lol. I don't see any reason for you not to do it. YOLO.
I look forward to a detailed blog post.
Its Music Biz 4.0. All of an artist's creative assets (music, lyrics, videos, feedback,downloads) can be held in one online destination. .
word! #winning RT OK I caved to your #PeerPressure and also bought America The Beautiful from !
So none of the 3 Mega Millions winners have stepped forward yet?? How much of a slacker do u have to be to put off $100 million?? Slackers.
Will you be making a trip back to the Midwest at any point? Hopefully I'll have a chance to get out to NACMA another year.
procrastinate now. don't put it off.
I cannot be the only single lady on Twitter who perked up at that long list of qualities.
just getting started on using tweetdeck
ooh me to, just wait till exams. :o
looking forward to tonight's #OUTauction -- great art and a great crowd!
SUHWEET. Awesome to know for after APUSH exam when we want to do movie analysis but don't want them yelling out.
I'm HIGHLY irritated that there is no #parking around There is 3 weeks left of school-the construction really couldn't have waited??
this was supposed to be about me...
Making a Difference! ArtWorks! Gwinnett Awards Volunteer of Year nominees are Charlie Rhiem
follow me? i LOVE OTH :)
Slogging through my Works Cited pages--and enjoying it. That's weird, I guess?
thanks, girl!
She got a four thousand dollar watch that she doesn't even watch.
June O'Donal speaks about her book "The Fryeburg Chronicles" at the Friday Local Author Series today at noon in meeting room
Ok the bottom of the fourth didn't work out for the Crew.
J-Shin VS JHustle New MixTape Drops March 14...... Titled (Alter Ego). Make Sure You DownLoad That....
welcome. Trust me off the record I've been trying so hard for many but just bad timing it seems.
Wishing on those fireflies.
I can't wait to get back to Institute, although it won't be until next Wednesday since I have my interview with my Bishop Wednesday night :)
I will talk to the right people lets see what we can do
let's not forget older adults choosing to live in cities
happy birthday ily ( ;
Sadie and I are heading to for their birthday month party. Sadie will be 2 on the 20th!
Thanks for following Justin.
shut up
I miss Austin's braces already lol
I'm waiting lol
For me personally, Having at #Edcampss was a highlight. Fantastic experience! Thank you.
I'm hungry..
when? I didn't think I had to work today, but now I do! I work from 2:45-5:30
People ask weird private stuff on google looking for answers. Write articles that answer those questions about your service.
#PlansForTheSummer Take over the world!
My temptation may not be your temptation but you do have a temptation. Humble your soul/turn over the plate.
That awkward moment when someone is staring at someone with crazy eyes &you tell them 'stop staring'!Then you realize its their natural eyes
Michelle Obama vacations in Spain and cost the tax payers thousands of dollars. This is like Nero playing his fiddle while Rome is burning.
avengers, knicks are about to get finished off
Don't scare me girl - it's Tuesday here in the States. I hope you have an awesome day wherever you are. Be blessed, be proud
Looking for a legal job. Do you think maritime law is a good niche to go into because of piracy? I can say "Arrrgh" well-:)
Margaritas on the beach in 3 days.
Thasss the kinda dude I been looking for - and yea you get slapped if you lookin HOE!
A girl just performed her poetry and everyone clapped....did they not realize every word she spoke was an insult to America.
Girl you got gas money so I can drive you home.....
TMobile should hit the million mark before the weekend is over!
I need a #polaroid instant camera to borrow. Anyone I know, got any ideas? Need by the weekend. And film please?!
If the right one is always wrong then it might be you
I am a leaf on the wind, I am a leaf on the wind, I am a leaf on the wind...
Moving sucks
The #newWorldTradeCenter is already the tallest bldg in lower Manhattan. Keep it going!
yea for sure im always looking for writers/singers, im in chicago but location doesnt matter really.
#songsiwillnevergettiredof - I Wanna Be Loved
well share the love (;
I'm holding on, but I'm over it.
A #FrankSinatra kind of morning. It is a
your happiness and vibe is part of why I love your band so much. Can't believe I have been listening for over 15 yrs since 5th grd
dm Can you tell me who the national correspondent at Gannett would be for Education. I'm a former colleague of Andrew Oppmann.
Got home yesterday, we'll have to swap stories! Certainly came out of the trip with some beer and booze suggestions...
I may have a Happy Meal when absolutely necessary...but no Big Macs
You must trade mark you tattoo
you would think that LeBitch paid his fans to talk shit after Lakers games...cus it never fails...win or loss.
Why does Republican Congresswoman Mean Jean Schmidt from Ohio always try to get face time with the Prez/
I can't wait for prom with !!
WORKING ON NEW MUSIC .
if you like a girl , then dont flirt with other girls .
tell my liver that
Tonight, my WNC J101 students are presenting their final projects style. Well almost: no booze.
Students, alumni, state legislators press Vanderbilt on &#39;all-comers&#39; policy
u never anwser my texts....and ur like never free haha
yup. He's fine & he has lost a lot of weight & gained some muscles! >:)
First week of 2012 is over. How did you do with your resolutions?
OMG I H*T MY COMPUTER RIGHT NOW
goodmernin! *in my granny's voice*
Awesome. Consider yourself penciled.
Funny. We just watched that movie Monday night. And, yeah, I love that too. Aunt Josephine is one of my favorite characters.
I think some have never had a major reaction so they aren't careful....
We're big rye fans over here. Look forward to giving that a try.
dfrguvbkl me too! My mom only let me get it cuz i agreeded to go to prom cuz i really dont wanna, it's really expensive!
my nigga out there tryna practice on his 2K moves
Thank you, it was so great to have you at NYC. You were sitting near the front & wonderful to watch your reactions.
call the store before you drive up to confirm they still have the burgers. 248.538.4600
FYI only: sending my guest blog post by tomorrow :) Will email it to you for review + consideration
shockingly, shelling all those peas turned out to be super not fun
SHUT UP!! You're beautiful.. You are, you are!! Believe me. <3
Well my hands are a wreck, and I'm never paying money for this bullcrap again. So superfluous.
It's spread inside! Hoping to get a pic up ASAP. Stay tuned!
Stupid ass Mf
very good news!
karaoke yourself
A great website needs (3) elements- great design, user interface and content. Some people just miss the mark on this.
Early morning baseball ^__^
um actually I work a double on Saturday and a double on Sunday so you hush!
that's really gross...
Developing a multimedia network is hard work. But oh, am I going to turn cartwheels when we launch!
Good keep me posted little bunny
your NOT dying.. you can't be.. I haven't gotten to meet you yet! You are forbidden to die until AFTER we've gotten to meet!
lights music >>
i'm glad some of the followers i had from the very beginning are still with me today! <3 thanks!
What a fun time at yesterday! Was great to rep & with such amazing youth & staff
We are at over 100 follows at 96 Facebook likes! Thanks, everyone!
Why do people wear plastic flip flops ?
Special thanks to #annesetnor for being awesome and and #shannonkiisk for moral and emotional support! Ha!
Think ill go see a concert tonight at the emerson with zach dave and maybe some of my buds from decibel!
I love online video for marketing and I'm okay with auto play but if you don't let me stop it when I want, I'm gone.
if it is I'm a 100% prego haha
Let your tax return turn you into a homeowner
!!! RT : "Go For it now, the future is promised to no one." -Wayne Dyer
in the one after
Family time is the best. Enjoy!
Had a blast shooting the Infomercial for the CHEF BASKET "Its the one kitchen item I can honestly say I use every single day. I love it!"
Mirror Mirror, Snow White & The Huntsman & Once Upon a Time...how many versions of Snow White do we need right now?
"This very day can be the first day of your new life. It's all your choice." -Robin Sharma
We r all born w/ gifts! Why not share them w/ the world!
Hold a recruiting planning meeting with the recruiter, the HR leader, the hiring manager, and, potentially, a coworker or internal customer
They may be closing schools across America but at least they are opening more casinos.. What are the odds?
obama boston
Our generation is fcked up Smh :(
<I am now. I'll send you the CD if you want. check her out on Youtube. Just PM me an addy
Fill in the blank: My favorite ACTOR is _________________ .
I'm posting some at the HS on Friday. I know you'll guess one for sure!
Adam: "What do you think Ohn da moo means?" Damien: "Uh, on the moon?" Lmfao
Got some great shots from #summerfest fireworks...got a surprise visit from too! Good times.
“: God can we please get rid of Deandre already?! #idol” NO not yet
are you around next year? I could use a language partner
you are so funny, was checking out the other one too, where you said, "haters are your motivators!".....i love it!!!!!
Super excited to give my dad tickets to see in January!
Congrats ! Looking forward to it! RT Amazon's "Learning SPARQL" page is now up and ready for pre-orders amzn.to/lEXtGo
Although I hate being sick, I'm glad that it happened after guard was over!
its going good can't wait to graduate and hows things with you ?
Guess how many points are in a quick mist on a single serving salad? Zero. Zilch. Nada. None.
CyberStationUSA.com give me some details about yourself
“: I tell it like it is if you don't like it I'm sorry ...”
no way, but more inspiring.
Oh baby , why'd you have to be with your mom at the mall ?
RT : New line-up for Belltown Restaurant Tour is set to feature Local 360,Rob Roy,Shiro's,Branzino & Spur.
Rolling w an Irish Saturday...“Bangers and Mash” Omelet- Irish Style Sausage, Cheddar, Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Onion and Jameson Cheese
t(-.-t) Mayweather... Cotto still fought good!
It's weird, on IG it seems like everybody feels obligated to like one of your pics if you like one there's, lol I do feel it sometimes
blast! Damned borderline lactose intolerance
#Jets-#Chargers...looking forward to the post-game handshake. Go Bolts!
think the soup was my favorite!
I miss seeing you everyday... HateLies<3Trust
It feels like spring in Indiana! You would never know it's the middle of November!
u on ps3 add me limmit52 I'm on it joint on my lips controller in my hand
Why does everyone always want to be followed?
The kind of day when your worst class is the best of the day. Woof.
Radio(hed) pe
Tell us one cool thing you're doing for National Library Week!
Hold your head high , your middle finger higher , & let him know what he's missing .
I'm 90% sure I'm fixing to #RAGEQUIT everything
watch it woman
hello everyone, i am very bored :)
maybe my mood, took a long time getting anywhere and I enjoy fantasy - try SERAPHINA instead
hey dave whats up you know me
just opened Twitter!!!!!!
Super Sad True Habits of Highly Effective Writers... loved it!
Looking at Adjudica, we should have had you there at Next time?
Cant believe im sick..left wk yest and went to the hospital...
They've had the better chances, but I don't know who makes me more nervous: Evans or De Gea.
+1": Maybe I'm misjudging this thing?!!! (pause for thought..) ...Nnnaaaaaahhhhhh! Nope. Non. Still not panicking!! ;)~ #DCIrene"
no problem !(:
I tried to follow can't
Adele's boyfriend looks like Chris Farley with glasses.
I'm so sick of fights, I hate this.
Watching #basketballwives and is a boss! I love her and !
Jiro an absolute treat. Best doc so far. Left a smile on face, in my heart.
Rooting for #I'llHaveAnother... RT your picks!
Right hip is in so much pain, hoping to get it checked out soon. Seriously tired of walking with a limp.
We don't cut cookies, we give you a personalized, professional haircut at affordable price! Win-win
my dumbass went all the way to work thinking i had to be to work at 9 this morning
Tim Thomas ridiculous Save.
This account enjoys the following #Wordsmiths | *
T3: should be continuous professional development rather than CME. How's that for edu-speak?
Stop giving your $$ to oil companies. Stop buying plastic.
Well...duh, William. I don't know what that is. Describe it to me...in detail. Don't leave anything out.
5 more days of this
doesn't do tail call optimization, does it?
anyone know where to play tennis is #NYC that doesn't require a permit?
Dear lady who watched me push the elevator button and pushed it again 4 seconds later, I got this. Love, Tim
still ballin like im bo diddley
lol is that right?
Well. Terrible start.
Meeting up with a veteran/avid cyclist near Wilmington. Gotta get some tips on business and bicycles. Away we goo!!
Mercury Retrograde - GREAT 4 rewriting, cleaning out closets, hearing from old friends, throwing out old STUFF; ideas, habits, relationships
What time Phil?
Sunburn. Ouch.
Quote of the day: Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time, Lou Brock
Yeah, I realized my mistake from your original tweet & was just having some fun quoting Beavis if you didn't catch it. :)
haha you're still a kid bro :)
Gotta love for the
i've voted so many times for already, that it keeps giving me the same security code. :D
Had a very nice quiet night in. Looking forward to brunch & #SanDiegoZoo today! Can't wait to see the
Hi Dave
lol I had a proud moment
Go with Nexus beer instead!
soo good to see you!!! Sorry if I was aggressive or needy!
Omg what a freaking game....going crazy
Pay Day Friday.
let's make a webseries together about both of us and our first names called D&D. (See what I did there?! Dungeons ref!!)
What's going down tonight?
I'm sorry what language are you speaking? Sounds like bullshit.
At the Pasadena Courthouse representing the BCS streaker.
#LAKERS going back to the championship
Special Education Apps. highlighted in Apple's iTunes store this week.
This is not the time to be asleep. Get up and speak the word over the home and family. Pray for the leaders and schools..
Ugh! Something told me to stay HOME today
start trumpeting that horn up to some of your national 'coworkers' lol
It matters not; The game was over when #Toronto scored 4.
Thanks for sharing our blog posts!
how are you :)
Claire and that squirrel baby be crazy Yo!
What makes me mad is that people have bitched for years for CoD to be different, and when they finally change it, people bitch...
Mets dump KRod. Let's sign Prince Fielder! Move Ike to the outfield after Beltran bolts for San Fran.
Yes, the rest of the season doesn't matter.
I am! So much energy nothing to do! Wtf???
God's sense of humor is an impotent male virgin whose girlfriend is five month pregnant.
At the UMD American Politics workshop
All you need to know is GB chillage on SATURDAY :) springtime fun with friends.....of either gender LMAO
whatt. hahah yeah he's my 6th boyfriend :p the other 5 is in OneDirection ♥
Heyy Big head ! How your day going
is everything ok man?
Friday Humor: "A bird in hand is safer than one overhead."-Author Unknown
wanna get DP'd while we have our slap fest?
great weather in South Texas today
Overall it was a good day <3
Heading to #altsummit tomorrow, will be tweeting mostly from if you want to follow, but maybe here too. Anyone else going?
i also like to pretend im married to a guy named Niall.
*hughughug* I love you so so so very much, my sweet girl.
Talk about your good ideas! These guys are too smart !
Anyone still there?
my buddy just introduced me to them this week. i couldnt believe i never heard of them before!!
“: #YouWasCuteUntil u turned out like every other guy” I'm not tho lol but seriously...
let's drive around Santa Monica and force him to record new music
H-A-T-E hate this halftime show.
": whats ur fan page?" Oh, by fanpage I meant this twitter account x) sorry for the confusion:P
Hopefully I don't have friends who won't be friends with you if you show up for a movie in workout clothes covered in flour ()
Who got tickets to see the premiere of my new music video today at the El Capitan Theater in Hollywood? Comment if you're going!
Getting an old school shave and a haircut at Vicks Place. Just not two bits anymore
you have the most wonderful singing voice ever u sound just like jb sike!
the screen, for sure
Strive to be better*
so immaterial at my aunts house abduction omfg princess is huge she's so buff lol
that wiz beat pretty hot fam
Thank you! We try!
chinese is not a gender. its a race
don't even get me started on that one
“: Would love to see Wieters make this 10-4 so I can relax.” umm ok!
nice one
RT" When your just texting someone then they just dont reply..." Kinda gets you like this> ThingsThatPissMeOff
The think like a man movie fuckin up my pussy. She talkin about I gotta wait 90 days
Child please. He was in no way in shooting position.
So true. Happy early birthday!
JJ would be perfect. Love it. Love her!
Public Charter School legislation to allow for innovation and options in public edu!
lol, true though..
I wish someone had told me sooner.
Did you know that Jack Johnson was the first African-American world heavyweight boxing champion, in 1908?
Letting my nigga Slick whip
RT : You're amazing! So glad you could participate in conference, Diane, & excited to hear what results at Wildf ...
Join a trendy new Aquascape forum at www.tankscapers.com
I really hope that wasn't about me 😳
Just realized I am moving in one week. Think I should spend the day being overwhelmed on couch instead of in cube.
Why is Noah keep switching on lebron
All my #Kubuntu systems lose the printer dialog, and I cannot fix it. Time to switch back to regular #Ubuntu!
sorry for the questions i just saw u live in chicago i do to just wondering if we have played against eachother.
what's Boudin?
already followed =)
Integration is not just the opposite of segregation. Integrated thinking is far too rare right now. We are trapped in aimlessness of variety
Thank you :)
haha there's no point in wearing underwear under a long dress lol
If was real, everyone in SF would be moving away from dozens getting murdered daily.
Going to #californiaTortilla after the gym might be the reason the gym isn't working.
Remember that save by Fleury at about the 19:00 minute mark of the second if the #Pens should come back & win this game.
Mike Napoli should be starting consistently 50/50 with Yorvit. That man can swing the bat.
Heard on the radio today for the first time,with <3
Um, I believe it will...
Getting lost in Indy with my brother and
I know. But remember that you're strong.
thoughts on Cassel and Kolb bringing hesitation to teams wanting Flynn?
I think i had an AWESOME day because i had a dream about last night<3
Diana Greene remembers her life by what she wore on certain days. Come see her performance "A Dozen Dresses," Thurs, Feb. 9, 7 pm FREE
I am on tilt already, I was thinking ahead of time, just fast fwd his K's!!! lol
Irish Reynolds give us a new video | Learn Football Freestyle
Once when I was a little kid I asked my mom for Scooby Snacks and she gave me mini shrimp...
i think looks gorgeous on regis and kelly. lovin the hat and make up =]
My step-son's mom told him that we were brain washing him because we talk about God & pray. :-( Hope he sees the light.
God's morning tweeps! ROLL CALL!
Thank You! RT : I love ! I hope you are following & subscribed to their eNewsletter!
Nerdy conference is super nerdy. Just walked past a guy working on UNIX on his iPad. I didn't even know you could do that!
No fat chicks.
YOU TUBE THAT SONG..ITS HELLA SICK I HEARD
#idRatherHave one true friend than 100 fake ones
Belay that order! Make that 2030EDT! Or maybe we should just say 8:30PM. Military time is confusing.
Get Ready for all things #Vizsla in #Denver this week! Vizsla Nationals at See you there :)
Sorry! Happy almost graduation, by the way!
We're open until 11:00 am. ...This Thanksgiving morning. Come 'on over!
Black Velvet... Guinness and champagne. New favorite
Got back to NY from Baltimore yesterday. It was worth the trip to see #LacunaCoil headline!
Thank you!
lol it's cause I'm ugly
Great Holiday Gift! www.diversityplatinum.com
Good morning.....I wanna go home....
you mad bro?(;
RT : Thanks for the coupon code. Just another example of great customer service // No Problem!!
haha aw. Congrats!!!!
Awww I'm so sad. Davy Jones died! He was only 67. I think that even that age is too young to die. #RIPDavyJones we'll miss you!
Ricky Williams is trending because of his #DLHQ interview. Cool to see the show growing
Thanks. Know the area well. Will be there visiting our children for the holidays. Hope to go!
RT : Q2) How does your national culture influence your own beliefs about learning?
oh I never knew
Wether you want to Buy, Sell or Rent REAL ESTATE in Miami Please give me a call or if you have general questions please inbox me.
Gig's over, and I'm sore from hauling gear, but it's gorgeous out. Time to find my second wind!
Windows 7. Moot point. :)
It's a beautiful day today in the D! Let's start it off right on the Magic Stick rooftop before
let's go C's!!! Gotta do work on these sixers!!! #Celtics #RoadToTheFinals ....
#saturdaylibrarian-ing bright and early! Just like a normal day, only weird.
#TVD this thursday. Can't believe they're back again...grr I am so so so excited! Who's excited? :)
This place has a very interesting menu. Thanks for sharing - will have to check it out.
Sources report Miami will select Tannehill
This is absolutely insane. I still stick with we need 1 or 2 nhl D Men.
Warren Hoge asks Stefan Wallin if other countries applied to be trained in #peacekeeping by Finland?
lol - I'll take three cupcakes.
not alot but im up gon be up here more and more promoting!
you gotta check the chair out in person- its so cool!
