sorry i didn't find you guys - I got there late (found though)
AMEN! RT : Don't put God on silent! Rather switch your phone to silent
Avoiding composing by cleaning the oven ...
Why the fuck am I up this early .
Very nice. I want to go but my kids don't. Unbelievable. The nerve of them.
This can be a great place to get their questions answered, but only when local and state gov get their citizens to engage.
I love when normal ppl S/O the "little people" lmao
If your not doing anything this morning with your beloved mother, come out to Eagle Rock Reservation for a little walk/jog/run.
Mark your calendars for Fri, May 6th! MMA returns to Milwaukee's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! NAFC "Mayhem." 4 hrs of non-stop action. Ages 21+
lol at fake girls
Play Draw Something with me. (Yes, I'm late to the game). username: israelcsus
#mims12 Q&A: Great question: "What mistakes did you make?" A: "Let's not call it a mistake; let's call it a learning experience."
#DearGod When I get married PLEASE let my man be Faithful 🙏
I think Marcuse covered the reason for that part already in One-Dimensional Man.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "I still talk to my ex"
Does this mean I have to get back on that daily gym grind now?
Freaking loved it! lol Anna Faris is so funny and Chris Evans, well he's Chris Evans lol ;) I recommend it :)
Morgan freeman introduces Herbie Hancock #InternaitonalJazzDay watch live !
Urban farming is some stinky work - chickens for eggs and worms for compost - but we are loving it!
The end is action, not knowledge. - Aristotle.
More luck in "Cell" prod. Our actor that plays a guy who gets hit with a cattle prod, has been hit with a cattle prod. What are the odds?!
I'm bringing sexy back
SPREAD THE WORD- the family of Gilad Shalit will be on my radio show tonight 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
do what you love, baby.
I love the image of gourd delivery. Very Old World.
If you want to cry go watch The Road
RT : Went to see get "dipped" ;-) so proud!<<thanks sis!
Driving to work, being blinded by the sun and the visor does nothing to help.... Ugh
this is just fucking miserable
An amazing job, indeed.
Remember when phones were stupid and people were smart? Good times.
Get the FUCK out of here MIAMI getting all these FUCKING CALLS this shit is pissin me off!
Thanks. Sometimes you get stuck on a word and no matter how you say it, it seems wrong.
I AM SO HUNGRY
haha highly doubtful whit sorry to break the news!
Happy Valentines Day babe!
Watching Killer Elite and drinkin some buds. Sho nuff need it after today's Saints game.
Phone's dying, y'all. Gotta recharge. 'Night.
at the salon with my mom , y tu ?
lots of drama in my world....
Thanks for retweet!
RT - - Jay Rankin: I ain't sleeping. Im just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.
RT : MIKE CONLEY HUGE 3-POINTER SMASH #Buckeyes proud
If you get sick in Galveston, TX drive to Houston for medical treatment. Avoid UTMB at all costs!!!!!!! Third world medical help.
Well, what kind of guy would I be if I forgot the second major pillar of modern online wrestling piracy -- streaming sites!
hahahah :D thanks for accepting lol! did you already write a review at rarero? xD if not please write one ..lololol!
I wanna see how much thickness it adds so in case I want to throw my phone in a gelaskin in a grovemade, it'll hopefully work.
It's national #Ding-a-Ling day! Where we must brace ourselves for anything & everything. We all get a little crazy sometimes. Good luck!
just posted the banana ice-cream recipe on pinterest!
Why do #vegetables make me more hungry! I need a healthy snack that fills me up.
His dad was a husky and his mom was part lab/rottweiler. He's freakin' adorable. XD
Thanks!!! Keep listening!! :)
Well at least I can still watch them on SNL
"Undercover Baby" is my new favorite song!!!! <333 I LOVE it!!!!
S/O To All Ma Followers
jus stuff babe. Realising where I went wrong in certain things and wishing I coukd fix it u no?
$7. Haircut. Don't mind if I do.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co. $2 Bottled Beers!!
Time for Happy Hour(s) 4-6. $3 Wells and Drafts and small plates to chose from. Stop by after class or after work!
hey girl. How's your leg :(( I saw you hurting on that last race.
If a cop pulls you over for talking on your phone, just tell him you were reporting a drunk driver.
I guess i'm not going to school today.
thank you! :)
Two misguided fools LOL RT : What's the REAL definition of love?
#NowPlaying : Back to Black- Amy Winehouse
We Bought A Zoo is a great movie!
This weekend should be fun! Cant wait.
Just to tired to workout this morning. I'll be training arms after work
Caught Comic Book Men on demand last night. All I can say is, I'm proud as FUCK of you guys Amazing show.
I wish Nicki Minaj would go throw herself off a high bridge so that when she hits the water it feels like concrete
How do 5 gay boys walk ? In one direction . Lmfaoo I was dying when I saw this !
hey I told you that lol
Clint Dempsey has scored again for Fulham! I'm a fan, but it's really cool having Dempsey represent the States!
Worked out just like we planned it. Thanks
Are you now deleting tweets, Hoenisch?
It was a pain to configure all my CS6 apps today with it, upgrading to the Intuos5 was worth it. Now to make most it all summer...
#Lin Ninja Spin in the lane!!!
Memory and/or CPU issues with JS heavy web sites? Try giving it a few minutes to see if things clear up.
o. Awk i thought you were already following me! Haha oh well :p no problem.
rest up. Lots of fluids. Don't forget to eat a little something. Take care.
the "booyah" is part of the inline comment!
Thank you and #GTFishandOyster for an amazing luncheon! Nice to meet you !
crazy but it feels alright! ;) Baby thinking of you, keeps me up all night!
To marry unequally is to suffer equally. Henri Fr�d�ric Amiel
Sorry for the delay on prizes! Shipping the stuff from the US to Canada is like $40 a package.
Thank you to our wonderful new followers!
Brown & Jones is certified by the WBENC, the largest third-party certifier of businesses owned and controlled by women in the United States.
Thanks Jon! I really enjoyed getting your perspective. :)
How many of you all say fridgerator? So fuck the re.. Lol
You never think that the last time is the last time. You never think there won't be more. You think you have forever, but you don't.
On Tumblr like a boss.
What about that song tho...what u say? Got A 106 & Park shit!!
yes, got some great sweaters! thanks again
#kids Urban Active Opens Doors FREE in MAY to Public for the 9th Annual Get Active America! Program: Urban Active Opens Doors FREE in MAY...
wait, say what? I thought CJM was...
Sorry to those I sent a message to about someone saying a "bad thing" I got hit with a virus. If you clicked the link, change your password!
People that drive the speed limit don't bitch about speed traps
Best office answer: Jane's mom gained 40 lbs when she had Jane & her twin, Richard :)
Im Hopping he Kicks Some Because on my Neighborhood I go like 5 Broncos Fan! and Im the only Patriots...
We've worked with an NBA team, MLS team & major footwear brand in past month. We'd love 2 work with u! Email
really wish i could come though cause it sounds like fun :) i'll let you know if my plans change :)
stay away bitch
Fried on a stick :P
Happy Monday.... #MarchMadness is in the air. Where are you watching the games?
giving Sally sleeping pills
That's great! We hope new opportunities keep coming your way.
Ah ice cold bottled water.... yay.
Grand Rapids tomorrow(wednesday) @ The Intersection w/ Electric Six! 7pm!
In case you have not heard, the time has come for us to close down This account has served us both well & ill (cf. our archives)
SALMON BLT for only $7.95!! YEEHAA!!! Git on down here now ya hear? Giddy Up!
fuckin have to do yard work its some bullshit
what is with you and the cow furniture today?
i don't have anything on the books from the fifteenth to the seventeenth.should i come there? I wasn't able to get a show
gr8 contribution from Do ur operating budget and add 20%.
I hope one day u will notice me and follow me.
Talk about sexy hair ;)
I'm so sorry! I now have no clue & no confidence in #IMDB which I really hate at the moment
Wow, wish I wouldn't have woken up. Getting amazing sleep tonight
+1 RT #SupportingDH was best panel so far at #dlfforum. Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
Engage as much as possible.
#cincodemayo this weekend!
is like Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated.
I bet #ronburgundy is trending.
Uneducated people<<<<<
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill. - Buddha
This Friday Come Get it In With My Lil Homie
We think you're right in front of us in Blake Carver's session. Look back and to your left.
yeah but think about it. evry team plays this way v barca, theyre obv comfortable w teams doin this. give urslelf a chance, attck
My sister Casey loves so much<3
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I Love it!" by Katty
Just discovered that George Washington and I shared the same, very specific--you could even say best--height: 6' 1/2".
Anyone have access to a blu ray burner in NYC that can help me out? Need a 6min festival screener made. Thanks.
RT : ty for the invite..ur daughter is cute.. Thank you :)
I don't think selling chicken ona stick in the middle of the dance floor is sanitary.. But I ain't mad lol
SB-066 expanding guardianship assistance program for #COkids in #childwelfare passes out of House Judiciary Committee unanimously
Oh shit. Mad Men is on tonight. How did I forget??
waiting for him to say "What Tar Baby is racist?"
I just cut my first big-girl check to the IRS now that I'm self-employed. THAT WAS LIKE TAKING A BULLET.
Yeah, that's dumb. What's the matter with people?
First meeting tonight
Are their any wide receivers on the market for the Broncos to sign ?
Had just enough tortilla, filling, & salsa to make one last awesome burrito. It is officially a good day.
Attack dropping BMR & estrogen levels with high intensity circuit training & anti-gravity pilates. Don't let age loosen your waistline!!
:( it was just supposed to be a reminder for people to keep themselves from binging, I didn't even make it up!
Paul Pierce is the #TRUTH series all tied-up & home court is stolen baby!!! Time to take that momentum back to #BOSTON #CELTICS ALL DAY!!!!
Halloween with my mom is going to be a blast! I can't wait for all the trick-or-treaters!
So much to do!
Anyone in the US wanna text? DM me :)
thanks it wasnt even that long
I Saw A Nigga With Swag & Realized I'm Looking In Tha Mirror (:
Lol, Claire and I were watching Full House and I had to explain so many things about the 90s to her.
Stage is set for Paramount Open Jam Sponsored by Slick Music Studio come perform tonight Doors open at 6:30 pm Concessions & bar opens at 9
Security guard said happy mothers day to me. Which is sweet. But how did he know I was a mother?
My dad is having a conversation on the phone with the people on the Nike 1-800 number … lol
For our VIP's remember to get your gift certificates via your email update on or before Friday May 4!
Also, toggled between two distinctly different dinner parties, feeling very cosmopolitan, fer shure.
Thanks! We are so happy to hear you found it useful!
. You're welcome! Let's chat at #EDTIS12 ! We're pitching @ Sunday's Innovation Incubator
Yeah go get a thrift store prom bomb & come to the OSCAR PARTY bit.ly/zrJMOr ===> No way! How fun!
is there a way in CS6 to import my keyboard shortcuts from CS 5.5.2?
I don't like homework!
Time and Gems Announces $1,500 Off Rolex for Limited Time
Desperation, tenderness, affection, melancholy playfulness all in one on August 12 during ICA's opening concert at St. Gregory the Great
Dentists ask so many questions!!
Great last workout of 2011. Now to get ready for maxim party!
I don't want to say that I like it. If I do, they will cancel it.
so we'll see how tht all works out :) ... cool when'd you get ur car? Bout time! Ha
Having an anniversary/Mother's Day dinner that may require a three-hour elliptical session. At The County Line.
OMG.....look in the sky!!! It's the superish moon!!!!
I loved Magic as a kid and I'm sure I'll enjoy #TheAnnouncement, but early on here, I'm not sure about having Magic narrate.
“: Martin is so dumb. #NationalSecurity”hahah bro im watching that too! Crackin up!!!
#kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature & Science at Dallas Museum of Nature & Science - Science Building, Fri, May 11 11:00a: What...
Yeah... RT : Don't get married, backtalk gets me in trouble al the time.
well done, brilliant!
pleasure. Thanks for reading. ;)
i am hip-hop recording artist precise manager and i just forwarded you the youtube link for his music video "it on me"
WOMEN OF THIS WORLD NO LONGER HAVE STANDARDS FOR THEIR OOCHIE WALLIE! UNTIL Y'ALL REGAIN THAT, U WON'T FIND GOOD MEN! DUH
Facebooked me (Debbie?) or The Ballroom? Either one is.gd
given our lack of depth in the mid i would keep Stephen P especially given his end of year form
RT : PHOTO GALLERY: The Children's Trust unveils Miami Heart Gallery at
There goes my presentation! RT The secret is his twitter pic.
Great stuff! Lots of ways2get the job done but defense MUST b played very high level As a hs coach u must adjust as u know
Did you buy a Mexic-Arte membership on ? Redeem by phone 512 480 9373 x84 if you haven't yet, deal expires 6/23!
thank you & for the RT's! Have a fabulous day!
love notes to your track teammates at ihop
thanks for the edcamp mention. If I send u an email about edcamp, can u send it to all gahanna teachers?
"Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the from way I see it, you can either run from it, or... learn from it." RT if you agree or know who said it
Monday's are Mondays. Also come on out to our show on Thursday at three kings tavern! Well be doing a little acoustic show!
Boiooo, I don't wanna be home :( I'm so sick of Memphis, Tn.... Florida come kidnap me
wait can drive? o.O
Awesome weekend !!! How was urs ???
Some people take a 5 hour energy drink...I take a nap on my sofa at work
Will be in the Hyatt from here on out.
Real friends is all I ask for ~_~
#samsung that superbowl ad was horrible, and I have 2 of your TV's, an android phone, and a galaxy tab ....
Happy Bithday!! P.S. You dont look a day over 35 :-)
“: I don't care if she's large, I'm marrying Adele” so much respect for you right now !
We still have a few Meebo widgets floating around various places too, but at least it keeps on working.
This past Friday the high was 11 and the low was -1. I feel your pain.
Haha, believe it or not, I actually chose working out, because I have now become That Guy. But I believe a glass of wine is next!
i love I do not hide without you!
Pretty sure I'm sitting near Stan Lee at LAX. If not him, it's that guy who does all the cameos in Marvel films. ;-)
I take your point. But isn't there a difference between language and the pre-disposition to acquire language?
Become a friend to the Performing Arts! www.facebook.com/thehillman
THE MIKE!!
Save the Date: PVLA's annual fundraiser is the annual awards ceremony, May 30th after work. Help us #honor #arts #probono!
#SHOUTOUT to the person who's blasting #bithdaycake outside my house! i'm bout to go #twerk on my porch ;)
get a ps3 and you're golden
's up
Where the defense at in this game!!
Thanks a lot, Byron! Your website is really cool!
That's the only Dexter St. Jacques I know. I just don't know about going off with strangers.
is that that Emily Howard?!?!? Are you guys going to Israel????
Finished 2030, thought it was inciteful. Enjoyed the confluence of events and outcomes. Felt sorry for Brad's son, though.
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
Keynote from Shell highlights scale of energy challenge. Delivering energy to 9 bn ppl -- 3x energy demand by 2050.
Otherworldly LA in winter: green hills like algal bloom, snow-capped mountain crags, no yellow smudged horizon. But, no clouds, either.
Go Packers!!!!!
Question: How do your play development discussions differ from your community development discussions? Are they ever the same?
Wow, possibly the most unprofessional "support/sales" call from any company ever. Well done !
get it together, Martinez.
Campus authentication systems down for +3 hrs. Now been told we all have to logoff PCs at 5pm for ~20min for system reboot. Go home early?
thanks again for rocking it at #SMIATL this weekend! Hope you enjoyed the time in Atlanta.
Thanks for the #FF !
Hornets pick 11th in NBA Draft Lottery. Ah, pooper scooper. Why, why?? LOL
sure me too. But those are contributions ***you*** are making, not things in many of the original texts.
I can smell the hazelnut now!
Who knows what brewpub is being built on the river in the cities soon? Guys are signing the paperwork right now.
I WISH BREAKFAST WAS MADE WHEN I WOKE UP!!!!
Stay outta son way like u drinkin blood
i so get it. abbey and i were wandering aimlessly down the halls of flywheel-since you were away this week
Schedule postings to match the students timeline - yes!
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas...BELOW THE BRIM loves you all.
My mom just goes "I think you should hook up with You'd have cute babies." Oy.
This weekend is going to be great
Been on a major Against Me! kick lately. Such a fantastic discography, top to bottom.
Psh I hate it here , I jus got back from cali :/ n why u up there ??
A legend, yes but Larry Bird is also pretty damn hideous.
Took a Bucks game off so I can focus on the Milwaukee auditions for American Idol tonight!
For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine
I haven't seen you in a forever. Then I get on Twitter & the 1st thing I see is you promoting. No hi or anything. smh lol
so how about that new song? Haven't even heard it and I know it's the fucking bomb diggity! Rt?
what is your goal and are you using any support for obtaining it?
Chicago has gone from snow to 60+ back down to 40 and is headed for snow -- all in a week.
RIO ready to fade everyone lmaooo
Happiest of birthdays, !
Loved Stephen Paling's study; wondering if more e-literature is out there being read but people just aren't calling it "literature"?
and then a bomb blew up the building where they were having the party so they would be dead and I wouldn't have to watch this shit
RT : So, DO tell, ideas for High Alititude #TNI tomorrow?!
no clue what that means?
I wonder how much less valuable Marcum would be if managers were smart enough to bat righties against him.
RT Dear Alcohol, will you be my valentine?
im really not sure... Lol maybe someone reported me idk?? At 1st I thought its was the network till I realized I can get on
... I am going a re-write on my script, "IT'S FORBIDDEN", for producer Jonathan Venguer, & working on my live comedy act.
and says doesn't have to be an either-or.
RT I have a script due tomorrow, and I just finished. Overshare: I am dancing a jig in my Converse and underwear. Too cute.
Just got off the phone with them. Private tours are a minimum of $90 and $6/person for each over 15. 5:30 on the 6th is open.
Full Sailors, now serving 's until 6. Then stay for Faculty 3D Art Show in FS4B. Be there or be square.
Don't forget to come by #EvolveDiscovery's booth #222 for a change to win an #iPad2!
1/2 price taps and slices until 5pm. Come on down to CRISP!
Thanks guys! It's always better the second time, anyway! Have a great week.
haha, that's why I think the whole thing is a little silly ... but I guess plastic surgeons have to earn $ too ;)
supernatrual is my favorite show
I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold. I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul
Just got done eatin with the fam :)
Alright we get it. You all like weed and are very stereotypical concerning its use.
I know when I get a job and when I'm older, I'm making it routine to donate to something once a month.
Saints rep, "Goodell is judge, jury & excecutioner in NFL. Teams cannot view evidence or defend themselves, only wait and discover fate."
If you have plumbing problems don't call first choice plumbing. Everyone on their softball team is an ass hole.
Thanks again!
I wanna fuck him.
reminds be a bit of Minas Tirith from #lotr Really geeky of me to say that...
if he ever disrespects you. Tape to a wall. Id love to see that xD
#foodie Sushi at the Hibachi Grill in WSP was very tasty. I've discovered to my surprise, late in life, I like sushi muchly
Firefox crashed, all my tabs closed, and now I have no idea what I was doing yesterday.
please tell me you'll frequently cut into the game to show #Tebow tomrow. I'll be on flight stuck w Jets Eagles...
I wish that I had brought my scale with me.
I HAVE been to NJ. Any place with farms, trailor parks, accents, .
did u see my picture ... i cut my hair
You're going to love owning the ! Congrats!! It's worth every penny.
Hi, if you've sent me over 10 messages on Facebook and I haven't responded, I probably don't want to talk to you/know who you are. Thanks
Good win tonight #Celtics Nation! Couldnt go to sleep any happier c's advance & lakers losing.... Off thiss
thank god for DVR. date with my couch & Mad Men
My Name KD In Lots Of Hoods Fck Da Opps I Want Em Gone 4 Good He Want 2 End Ma Life I Gotta Arizona,Skittle Pack,And Hood
Ha! I just read that about 5 min ago! Thanks for keeping my crush's back. :)
U>S>A> Shout Out Maughan
-That Paso was PHENOMENAL!! You two nailed it!!
God Night Alex!!!! I love you (:
“: Disappointed by the absence of or any local brew at the ”// agree
oh well paige is this girl that always gets to hang out with JB and shes fake,i cant really explain it but yah
Going to sleep because I have nothing else better to do.
how do we sort this out given the multitude of rhetorical contexts we are asking students to engage?
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.-Robert Frost
I love you more thoe! ahah
Thanks for the retweet! All the best!!
Follow me xox
Thanks for the recent follows! , , , , ,
Don't matter who wins in the NFC, ain't nobody seeing the Ravens. Y'all know that's the truth.
Had a great time with my kids last night. Really fun!
laugh track has to go, but the first 4 mins were so insufferable, I'll never watch again = moot. You're funny, show isn't.
Should I head to Uncommon Grounds now or give up and go drink margaritas?
I could be swayed either way on the breast-snack "Time" cover. It all really depends on what music was playing during the photo shoot.
Look fwd to final #tcbsm4hr sessions by but in withdrawal tomorrow
Um yes. This is *not* optional.
thanks for the follow! ;)
Billingsly getting hit hard this inning... this aint the Padres. Sad face.
Thank you :)
RT: Take this shot girl dont be scared girl put on for yo team!
no,no you said there gonna lose
The "Got Milk?" campaign was successful among English-speakers in the U.S., in Spanish, the slogan translated to "Are you lactating?"
Keep it FRESH Friday! ✌
good afternoon followers wat it do
Oh man... #gluten-free cupcakes at in #Ballard!
Thank you Barbara Brainard From Stoel Rives for a Great Presentation
Walked into a diner for a coffee and Paramores "Riot" album was on blast.
RT I coulda sworn I was going 2 DC 2 get a CPAP. Guess u have a few more months of hearing me breathe loud on TV
Planning family meals for the week so hubby can shop 2morrow. Thinking lentil soup w/ minted yogurt, what else?
Have a wonderful New Years!
#blacknativity2010. Don't miss it.
Welcoming #Politico White House reporter to #UMW today for meetings with media and presidency students.
The anguish of being between books. Purgatory.
Text RT : No one likes texting back now. :/ someone text me! Hurry. Lol
what's this plan of yours?
Thanks, Brother Wilker - that's perhaps the greatest thing anyone's ever called me!
Dear phone, I drop you. I say i hate you. I throw you. I lose you. I forget about you .. but I couldn't live without you.
i aint see any black cats today, so im cool!
i think im gonna be sick
There's always a way.
what a lame cry for attention. At least I tried... Boo hoo, brother.
Looking for a Valentine's Day party and came across a bar w beer pong!
Now it's suck up time! I'm really not trying to buy it
“: Happy Friday everyone! Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth! Join us!” Ok! Well for tonight at least.
as the payout gets bigger, change to risk/reward ratio seems to increase our willingness to be taxed in that way.
i don't even know what happened..i literally passed out at 10:12..i'm sorry
The anticipation is killing me. Omfg I need that letter.
#SkillsOnAThugsResume Bitch-slapping.
DONT BE A FOOL OVER and OVER.....
thank God....I'm intrigued...
lol fml if these birds had phones ... They be at stopnshop gettin there feathers ruffled #Champion #stopnshop still loud
Weirdest. Family Guy. Ever.
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text Heh-heh, so wrap it up ;]
Don't forget today is the last day to sign up for build day! Come to UC 316 for sign ups :)
very cool - I will plan on seeing you there on Weds and we can work out the details about maybe 4/11. Looking forward to it!
:'( Nobody wants to talk to Bretana? D': ♥Bretana♥
RT When someone's being a jerk to me and my hands are in my pockets I am flipping them off. Feels good.
phat mixing flavor. Good work Andrey.
I know has been working on something. Don't have specific dates yet. You'll be the first to know when we do :)
Vietnamese, Burmese, East African, Cambodian, Middle Eastern and the list goes on. Representation should not be race based.
“:Thank you for following me. Do you have tips on finding good resumes if you are the interviewer?” LinkedIn is great place to go!
oh my god ily
Thankful to live in interesting times. There's nothing cursed about the desire for liberty.
Love to hear about the collaboration between and #ROI conversations make me happy.
Let's go giants!!!!
isnt this the tryout where we play a quick game and its done or do you think we do drills again
#launchpad for shoulder voices
And live on radio tonite! RT : Babes, boobs and blood. Our friend went backstage for Salome....
I have to give props for excellent customer service. One of the many reasons it's been my preferred card for 15+ yrs.
What's the total no. downloads thus far? Usability testing/evaluative studies being conducting in conjunction with the app?
I love you, I study you, I know you like the back of my hand, I see you as my next breath, You are always on my mind... Acting is my life.
Our friend is new to twitter so welcome her! #FF actress !
Word. I always have to watch a comedy after. RT : I really need to learn to stop watching The Walking Dead before bed.
-______- you suck balls
For those Fla. library tweeps who just attended the CCLA Talking Tech on Twitter & Google+, - may I mention something else? Tumblr. Love it.
: okay, I think that's fine. I wonder what our tweet totals are since we talk to each other here.
My poor little Fi. I hope she gets better soon and I hope you can get some sleep. xo
Getting over a persistent cold! Thinking about seeing the Terminator movie. Has gotten mixed reviews, probably should just write. We'll see.
I love Grey Gardens!
I don't know. I want to.
Sometimes I need to think like a 7-year old and follow my instincts
haha want me to grab her boob! Dude, we were whispering also.
That is a broken ankle folks... Chris Redman for the rest of the year...
Day 3 of operation new water heater.
#occupyportland protester decides to leave protest for
890 followers! 10 more and ill have 900!! :D
Emotions are not something you just play with
gibbons is sick too!
Hi all..sorry I'm so late but had to pop in to say "HOWDY!"
LOL...he totally is...Joe Walsh needs some pie in his face :-)
and you?
Journalist wants 2 profile me 4 biz mag re: self-made millionaires. Editor says no cuz I write clit lit. Score another 1 for #misogyny !
Thanks! 4 the mention! : Always getting my hair cut! At by ! Go see him!
Blackhawks are winning and Bulls v. Celtics starts at 8:30. Get here for $5 belvedere cocktails and $5 makers mark.
Tonight - Present: #HIGH-FIVE-THURSDAYS Featuring DJ Nick Hoagn (Hulk Hogan's Son) Let's Do it !
Do ignorant people that aren't mormon disgust you?
no, this'll be Texas, as this is where we both live. An early June morning is not that hot...as you should know in Alabama!
Me me me!! I love this show!! ": #DuckDynasty tonight, who's excited?!"
One more amazing day of the Heartland Worship Institute. Wow!! Today...Kent Henry, Bob Sorge, Brent Anderson, Morris Chapman, PFOR and more!
DYK? Rev. Al Sharpton- Civil Rights Activist and President of the National Action Network is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
Frankie's cool summer WHITE SANGRIA. 2 for 1 tonite from 5-8pm. So tasty we can't make it fast enough
OK, the appearance of the Christopher Guest ensemble just redeemed this a little bit.
Bounce that ass ass ass ass ass.!! ;D
If I could ask any glee character to Dane it'll be (:
#NeverShouldYouEver say SWAG...unless you mean it haha
Not just Asterix POV: New research: CMO's & CIO's must embrace shared view of customer to deliver a compelling #brand experience
“ “ If your weave doesn't move with you , take it out””
Lebron's really gonna have to step his game up if they wanna beat the Mavs on Sunday
Same here. I have severe linguistic difficulties when it comes to meeting strangers now, but no time!
would like to know too! RT : What's a decent finish time for a 5K beginner?
Got this new Evo HTC 4g from sprint ...and I got my daughter one too....this phone is Ok UNBELIEVABLE!!!
dreamt about N.Gingrich last night. i was wife 17. Me and my sister-wives were occupying the White House. thanks a lot !
So guess what i found out today?! My mom told me i was born on 11:11<33 Follow Please?(:
No, I'm not the same.
Come see Molly Wood, Avanti Cafe and Susan van der Roest speak this Saturday at the Dream Home lecture series!
love that you are doing this. You should do a post-pesach theme beer to end the Holiday with!
ha! So much for keeping a low profile!
Mormon Tabernacle Choir concert at A different crowd than Suns games!
So true! (Mom of 2) RT : Birth is the only time when you cry and your mother smiles.
well hello!
Tonight Dreamkiller with Rivals, East Coast Secondaries, The Dismissed and The Morning Guns at Canal Club Doors @ 7:30pm
I was called a *&%$$head by a very famous Rock Star. "Not that one you shi& head," wrong accordion
Gomez must be feeling better. He's stopped taking so many pitches and is getting picked off again.
Today I will be recovering. So tired. But it was an amazing night :)
You know I try to remain as objective as possible when it comes to elections. Personal reasons should in my opinion never enter the equation
Justin Is Sexy And He knows It(: finally, a trend that is TRUE<33 hehe
Nice work, Justin. Crystallizes some things for me. Have you got resources that exemplify the "Orient" stage?
When you need a second opinion, it's not good. This trade is on the verge of being disastrous, totally on Cashman.
I'm tryna touch your eardrums. Follow me!
"be explicit, concise, catchy and shareable on Twitter"
thanks! glad you like it :) i think im gonna head of to bed now lol, 3:16 and im kinda falling asleep! by fellow roden fan <3
Stupid #amtrak #hiawatha - delay!!!
that's probably the best option haha
Hi andrew 😊
I just finished a 1.93 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
No pain no gain
Considering you have missed the last 3, that's about right!
bye alexis. im a jerk. im an asshole. i get it. im a douchebag but i have feelings. just bye. i love you. but now? bye.
NO! its not tha same(:
Um yeah I think I have been...
How can BLA represent the province when they r a minority even with complete support of who they claim 2 represent ?
forget it, its at 6 and ends around 7.
We've got all the cheesecake bites you need to celebrate National Cheesecake Day! This could be Swirly's favorite day of the year.
The Librarian from the Black Lagoon by Mike Thaler: Don't mess with the Laminator!
no doubt miss! you dope as fuck
A high post split is a good way to get an open shot for a shooter if you lack ideas in a timeout.
Baby Emerald will be here soon :,)
"Old Beliebers loved the old Justin. New Beliebers love the new Justin. TRUE BELIEBERS, love him no matter what." AMEN TO MY TRUE BELIEBERS
MEMPHIS BUSSINESS WE NEED TO TALK ASAP!!!!
Spending the day cleaning house washing clothes and ironing. Next weekend is Ky Beef Expo!!
I know It's a long shot but I need burress to kill it tomorrow
Our bikram class this morning REALLY helped with Lana's stiff neck and my sore biceps!
Gonna go party it up nao w/ Erika, David, & Jake. I love you guys <3
duff mckagan's new Book, is Way cool !!
continuing my #writingsurvey - How early do you begin your creative process?
See why eco-friendly swimwear is making a splash this summer!
"Diligent hands will rule but laziness ends in slave labor"
Sorry, unfortunately Crispin did not make this cut.
I do enjoy Abilene, and those wonderful people! Hope I can go back there someday... with YOU!
yea i am so where his bday shoutout
Cupcake Vineyards Red Velvet Cake for tonight's wine...down.
I'm bored so don't judge me on what I tweet right now. And I can't go outside like I said because its raining.
hey cheers to the weekend!
yeah lol. Cool.
Health & Wellness Fair today! The police dept brought "beer goggles". I had them on for less than 10 sec and am still dizzy. Effective demo!
oh yeah I know it was just hilarious. Dave & I do that too!
taylor issues :D!
cards are on their way, send us some your way! we look forward to your tweets!
"Slut!" "What?!" "Oh good, you know your name"
Come on, who's kidding who, R would never agree to a Dem budget even when the dems had 60, Liberman would have voted with R
Who Wants To Marry ? ;) I Know I Do <3
Aw, thanks!
The feelings of love are mutual nowadays
nah she dumped him. But she took a damn long time to do it >.>
"The Babysitter's Here" just came up on shuffle. #mondaymorningtears, amiright, ?
Best of luck to you! I know those can get pretty stressfull!
Home Depot defies basic laws of people-physics on a nice Saturday in May.
Me and you versus the world, is only the plan, i know it get rough but i'm doing all that i can
You're welcome. You have already become a great part of our team Thank you for being awesomet!
I am so happy to see this city excited about the Pacers again!
Thanks for the follow. :)
That moment when you hear a song that immediately zaps you back to the past. In The Shadows: The Rasmus, used to OVERPLAY in college. Damn.
Right on! Thx!
Thanks for sharing the sushi spread! Good luck on the gig tonight!
And now the award for trying to hard goes to...the
Insulin reactions while living alone are scary as shit.
love your music! I wanted to enter the contest to support you but I live in Los Angeles, you should come to America soon!
Training pic looked like your were East of Tappanzee. What's your route? I'd like to change from Nyack and back.
lol! Yeah we need to set up an intervention for her. She was high on Alpo x)
What good is a sportsDoc if he can't keep the most popular local TV sports anchor back in the game?? Glad you're back in action!
We are formed and molded by our thoughts. Minds that are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act.
Chilling with my ace aka my better half... {Muahh} Just watching whatevers on tv and listening to music..
The best intentions paved the road to my devilish behavior
Courtroom sparse -- stark contrast from Friday crowd for Gov. Patrick. Some family members, four reporters, sketch artist.
a productive day with many new insights!
: PD2.0 has been understood as new broadcast media. Not a way to listen
One of my favorite movies
got ya. You know any designers?
account hacked today - i changed my password, hopefully to stop this! sorry
right?!?! I feel like a princess(:
hahah not creepy at all that you put your location and honestly don't think I can ima bout to crash!
finally got the internet!! yay!!
Hello Paul have a Blessed Day!
Can't complain...trying to wrap up recruiting/scheduling. You guys ready for the A-Sun debut?
I want to know the persons IQ who votes a GOP candidate. I'll bet everything I own Santorum voters have the lowest.
today: getting a wet suit and new bike :-D so happy!
- - I'm listening to #KatyPerry, leave me alone. Lol.
how about NOT talking about sex for even one episode....or at least talking about it like he's a man and not a boy!
good thing yall ( ur a dawg) have a pee wee schedule this year & somehow dropped sc as sec opener...
this is true, but its more of me commentating what i think my cat thinks/says to me lol
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane While gettin' some brain? Whipped it out, she said, "I never seen snakes on a plane"
Follow me please:D FOLLOWED!!
yeah man I'm like half way done with it
# ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend that will never lie cheat or hurt you. I say I love you when I mean it. And my only job is to make you happy
tehehe:) babe!! But dont make them think were lesbos!
Hearing old Entombed and thinking of you //cc
In class with my friends Bored as heck Cant wait for the 2012
And the helicopter is back - closer to my house....#Silver Spring
SEC refs are horrendous
Creeping on Facebook and added a friend off of someone's friend list on accident....
Working on the new system with the great Chuck Bartok .
Man some of yal hoes need to shut up and go do something productive.
I thought so lol k good
Had 2 people ask me if I was wearing #makeup.... I'm flattered. I'd like to thank my mother for the great genes =)
RT : cant wait for #MIAMIFASTLIFE that ish bangs.. #MFL You Already Know!
and National Geographic!!!!!
looks horrifying
"If I had to select one quality, one personal characteristic that I regard
UNREAL. Rangers tie it with 7 seconds left
A road trip sounds like fun right now. Where to go??
Been slacking on my tweets but that's what happens when I'm busy :) live this life. Every. Single. Minute. Of it.
way to go!!
I am imagining the hilarity of a fist fight - Paul v. Paul
ik I been trynna call you
No way, you knew this could have been overturned. Sets bad precedent going forward to let you keep. The deadline was the deadline.
Are You Gunna Miss Sarah When You Gunna Be Home Schooled Next Year?
Coach Frank Hall is a HERO!
I LOVE YOU. you are amaaaaazzzzzinnggggg. hope you had a good day! xx can you possibly follow me? x
Failure is not an option it's a choice.
is fucking hot an doesn't give a fuck. Follow him. BITCHES!!!!
too worn out... gonna sleep too good
#Shopping for #inexpensive #vegetables- found #LOTS at the #99 Cent store VERY #affordable!
“: Got a great shoe shine from Thanks...” The pleasure was all ours! Thanks for visiting us at
amen! You read my mind... I was rocking them last night my friend!!! When are you getting a pair???
The Zenith MiniSport (1989) was the only computer to ever use a 2-inch floppy drive.
Could you not call me 8x's in a row
More like a voice to the pajamas!
Playing scene it!
Like our library? Like its page! H. Furlong Baldwin Library, Maryland Historical Society
Raise one today for Christopher Hitchens. I already miss you, Dude.
So glad you like the jewelry. Thanks for mentioning us. Don't forget to get your orders in for
omg,i have a nightmare.damn.shit!!!!!!HUH NOT SLEEP AGAIN
HEY EVERYONE, BAKERS KEYBOARD LOUNGE IS CLOSED TONIGHT, WE WILL NOT PERFORM!
man i want some damn waffles.....ihop run......
Whose excited for 's Birthday this Saturday?!(:
You know it :)
First amendment offered by Rep. caps public's liability for costs overruns. Also looks to siphon naming rights.
Just came across something that claimed to be "truer than ever before". Bad ad copy leads to pondering the existence of gradations of truth.
Chillen, getting ready for the night out <3
- agreed, morning set woulda been perfect.
Have you registered for the Publix Georgia marathon & Half Marathon this coming Sunday? Glenn will always stand by you!
Somebody just put Tatu's "all the things you said" on the jukebox. #Really?
im down to work im available and sag. :)
: overtakes ESPN as No. 2 sports site on ComScore. to celebrate w/ burger w/ all the works at The Counter! :-)
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
I always love when my Swedish best friend mangles an expression. It's "I'm at fault" not "I'm in fault."
I do it out of the kindness of my heart
thanks, totally understand UNFOLLOWING have a great weekend
#NPinDSE A Tribe Called Quest - Footprints
First week working at Oppenheimer & I'm loving it.
Basketball wives in 5 min.
Are you speaking of an organized life?...Or, the power of order?
aren't all his shows full of joy and one-ness?? lovely, eh??
sure did, I'm hiding in the office getting some work done. I'll stop out and say hi before you leave.
A.D.D lml
The one constant through all the years has been baseball.
Horse call!!! Yes I am at it again!! Free session for a Horse! Anyone in Bedford Township area have horses or horse farms or horse rescue?!!
Dont hate on no 1 u can get what u want out of Life its takes hardwork. Like the person u hating on work hard like them DONT HATE.
sorry i meant jlovea
I can't wait.
loool ! How yah guh kill mi? Am too far a baayyy :p
I'm looking for thoughts on the title 'Jacko's Wild Ride' ??? What does it say to you???
"How much are you selling the bridge for?"
it's on lifetime right now!
Wow! So proud of you guys for getting to perform at Madison Square Garden! So amazingly cool! Knock 'em dead :)
hey did i see you somewhere this week? O_o
He who acteth, placing all actions in the Eternal, abandoning attachment, is unaffected by sin as a lotus leaf by the water.
Today I am reminded that by the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
So true! The process takes so long that approved sw/hw is outdated when it's ready to deploy. Needs to be faster!
Just had sex
The beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides
WE hope to see you soon!
Legal tip: The first thing a debtor needs to do is complete credit counseling within 180 days of filing the bankruptcy petition.
Thank you for
Twiggy the water skiing squirrel? Come on This is #Atlanta. Isn't there an apartment fire somewhere?
Just saw a Mad Men teaser that starts with "Red is Back" and shows Joan. Oh Yeah! Can't wait for March 25.
19 year old Iphone #hacker claims he has been hired by #apple the very company products he hacked.
Uke just said giants fans are the whiniest fans baseball. "They start before they get in the park."
So glad to hear it :-)
Wishing you a wonderful weekend take care
* iNeed Me A White Girl
Sixth #whitepowder investigation in two weeks going on now at Marquam Plaza Bldg on SW 4th and Sheridan, DT #PDX. Police, fire on scene.
Saw The in IMAX 3D last night. The long set-up is worth all the action. Mark Ruffalo is the best Bruce Banner/Hulk yet.
i did justin!
I am TIRED
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Texas Attorney General Child Support Division offers free child support services to Texas residents.
Wisdom and compassion should be our guiding principles in life.
happy birthday!(:
I can't wait.
Frosty suburbs, all a memory by afternoon. Awesome afternoon weather. HIGH: 66. Tomorrow sunny & turning windy. HIGH 68.
Aquarium with my dad...that I haven't seen/talked to since before christmas...
Just got home from school now getting food!! :)
Made us all believe we can fly! congrats Jermaine!
One lucky follower is going to win a beer tab for Hop on Top @ Wolski's!!!! Please retweet :)
who got you all thirsty like that?
It's cool! Did you get your new phone yet?
We destroyed Lake City tonight! Thanks so much to for coming to the show at the Shanty Tavern!
And amusement parks are for grownups too!
Another rainy day in Boston - good day to record!
then seriously leave me alone and don't be rude to me or also messing with my friend NO!!BYE
being relatively new to the field, I would say digital history. More specific
Life is not political.
Calamari beachhouse bradenton beach, fogged in but fun
Thanks for the #FF but and I were connected as one user...haha.
It's a mystery to me. It really is. I hate coercion in the classroom, so I don't have attendance policies. So, it's easy to do
manners and etiquette LEARN
Hmm...ask you parents what you can do for them? Just a thought. ; )
LS: the records kept at Monticello provide an unsurpassed record of the work of enslaved people.
oh...I'm not mad...I'm laughing. Out loud!
Asking the touch questions! RT : Q2: ..our problem is becoming that we aren't hiring the best but we are hiring WHO we know
we'll be announcing it pretty soon!
Got 4 quality pgs in the #writingsprint. I'm totally in for another one @ the top of the hr
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Point gets the feed from Jamieson for the hat-trick!
Does anyone have the movie apacalypto? (Spelling)
Titan is very good, too. My weakness is Artopolis up the street.
Looking at fonts, waitin' for something cool to happen
Blahsay Blah... He Say, She Say, Oh My God Shut The Fuck Up!
“ I sleep too much. Parents complain. I don't sleep enough. Parents complain. I don't see a way to win here”
Sitting in a packed auditorium getting ready to listen to a speaker and wishing I was on a bike instead.
EPTI going BIG!!!
Off to scarf down some valentine's day sushi from that fancy place up the street.
In celebration of Earth Day, ask Select Floors Inc. about sustainably harvested engineered hardwood flooring for your home!
is sexy
Go Bears!
pretty sure you could wear anything and look good.
That joke is so mainstream. I liked it before it was funny.
Researchers develop system to help prevent construction accidents and materials falling from buildings
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
(high five!)
I'm rethinking my color palette.
thank you!
It's like I'm coming up for air and your hand is never there. And it hurts like hell.
Fun night with They're cooking up some great new tunes.
Salumi was delicious. I still think they've kinda lost a little something as they became a victim of their own popularity. Not as good...
When you have unexpected glitches and things aren't going well, how do you react to that emotional response?
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Tonight @ 8pm--The Sounds of Ama Chandra To Warm A Chilly Night.
Does one have to pay royalties to Adobe for the use of Flash?
Day 1...let the Madness begin! #BBN 🏀👌
10?! I thought you were supposed to get 14!
I've been roped in for Dirty In Pink, the last one I participated in didn't go so well... Who doesn't love 2nd chances. #BikePubCrawl+Capes
So I've decided to start P90X today. My goodness that's hard!
The last 11 minutes of this game are going to be a lot of fun to watch.
when i'm mad and on facebook i start declining all the event invitations i have
Leah I'm a #BIG #FAN of you please tweet me back asap your really pretty
your a G. could not of said it better myself!
Don't type zerg rush into google
so much for the diet huh!!! Survival good smh
Trying too hard for a person who doesn't care is like talking to a deaf person who can't hear
Nothing but wretched: Friday afternoon flght (#1924) on
you have to come home though...
Just Had Some Coffee..That Woke Me Up ^O^
Happy Star Wars Day! May the fourth be with you! :-) Sorry but gonna miss #HFchat Work getting in the way. :-(
u go jarod get rid of that pussy!
Book Club tonight and then catching up on my #Revenge!
56 hours of labor, I'm finally an uncle!!! Beautiful #baby girl.
I like the Friday idea.
Took today off. It was a good idea. Until tomorrow. Then I'll hate myself.
Birth control pills relieve menstrual pain - Food Consumer
A United Arab Emirates naval officer has been acquitted of charges he kept an unpaid servant in his Rhode Island home.
oh yeah. i heard a couple at broom street, i think. they're so talented.
Seriously NY you could have welcomed me with better weather
There are a lot of scantily dressed people at #Coachella who are very, very cold
so i started doing my hair but im too tired so i only did half lol.. gn
Can my taco come in a Dorito shell?
Big trouble in little China in my pants!
I am not happy that Falk might be running. We can do better.
Tampa entourage headed to Sanford for Trayvon Martin rally. "He is our son," they said on their way out.
I knew that was intentional grounding, even before they said it.
LOL. OH DEAR LORD.
Arguing with 3 year olds is fruitless.
Let's go cowboys
#SallyDraper will either become a coked-out high class escort or our first woman president. No mid-ground.
AH we must meet them this time. STALK MODE :D
Need to get another date with Jubilee in!
"That should be enough time to sober up before work" is now my new catch phrase
Ladies you can host a catalog party for Pure Romance if you don't want to have one at your house. Still get all the perks! DM me for details
I'm so glad they won tonight. 4 in a row!!
Typing this essay <<<<<<<
I'm not sure I like the way this bullpen is being used. ;-)
Just completed Mixer at 2-1-1 San Diego w/ Supervisor Greg Cox and a few hundred chamber members.
Poor City comtains three dedications: Roger McGuinn, Susan Alcorn and Terry Riley
Jackie Brown was a lot of fun
Hooray! I was able to get all my thousands of photos and videos off of my defective phone SD card. Thinking of switching to an iPhone now.
Obligatory done with college/finals/work tweet
Bye byyyeeee, Independent Study...it's been real!
S/o To My New Follower :)
It's hard for me to believe a guy will hold on when the one I loved let go after I held in ;( it would of been 5 months yesterday
are you F'ing kidding me, this whole time you have work?! #geeeetthefuuuuckouuuuttahere!!!!!!
I just want to go home...
Gonna log off for the night<33
Voted for your show - it looks great!!
Spurs game, Mosely & Mayweather......night full of kicking ass!!!
I wanna travel and eat different kinds of foods!!!!
Fact: sometimes air pollution, wind and bright light can irritate our eyes and cause them to burn, dry, or tear up.
Can we go see the Avengers soon!! I think I should come to MKE this weekend.
Brand New r00lz
Disenfranchise an entire generation and this is what results. The window breakers ARE the point, they don't have a point.
Megatron coming off a career year and Madden Cover is almost a perfect storm to underachieve......take it to the bank!
Find someone who will change your life, not just your relationship status.
is speaking at TEC tomorrow on Mobile Dev Options (Web vs. Native vs. Cross-Platform). I have free tix for corp IT folks
A1: What has changed is the sheer number of products & services available to consumers
. I'm writing an article on your move for and was hoping I could speak to volunteers or staff about this?
yupp!! Haha I'm homeschooled and proud of it :)!!
I'm being dead ass and Natacha playing -.- lmfao
Want to follow our two supporting roles on twitter? Julia Warner or Theo Mahony
I wish I actually went to bed hen I told people I was going to bed... I would get so much more sleep.
I know lol!!
JONAS BROTHERS ARE LEGENDS, REAL TALENT !
Listening to Pandora (Camel radio) working on a new site. Do you need help with your website?
I honestly hate nipples .
not mine :(
Wake me up in a hour.
A super cool person The president of the company thinks she is wonderful !!
you're right. A great group. cc
Slow first half.
To Put The Use,Now and I to The Bad"))
Also can I get a resource for ambient sounds? For educational purposes! Editing a commercial. Do you have any advice ?
the City - The Game feat Kendrick Lamar
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he #leadeth me beside the still waters.
People do some stupid shit.
she's tough!
Feeling good today
next thing youll be telling me is dropping money on big names and talking smack dont make games magically appear.
The Shondes & tonight in Tucson! Show starts ‎7:00PM!!!
Woorking w/ feelings get you
A night out in the city tonight. :)
Nice! Good stuff! Thought for sure Burton had made that one up. Good to know he was drawing on an actual source.
With that last tweet I will now be unfollowing Jack Walz.
aww lol! I did! But we didn't get out much in Survival School. ; ). U guys are hottest ski destination in country! Nice!
I cannot wait for tomorrow morning! Not leaving my bed & SVU al day on my day off!
Nashville...MKE admirals are the minor league team for them
#Shoutout To the nigga that let me go! lol
RT : Hot Tips on how to use safe cleaning products in your home PLUS how to make your own natural cleaning products....
Tired...Hot....and need energy right now to make it through the rest of the day!! Coffee just isn't doing it
#lockup cutting yr self tho there's better ways to coop with yr problems come on read or write , yr so much better than that
and go for some good one direction, or course (:
well its over now so no :P
Smooth, responsive powertrain - The Car Connection
Just watched "Boss" easily the best new show (of last year). Surprised no one's mentioned it before.
Basketball twitter is best twitter.
(That's the new opinion on the Wire Act--that it only applies to sports betting.)
I love laying down on my carpet!
phone books are so analog....
I don't know mean suggest :) but maybe i am going to hardworking... At the weekend
I told myself at noon I was going to do the dishes. I can't see them from my bed ;)
Now this argument just gone
Early journal content became avail. for free ending in 1923 for the us and 1870 for everyone else
just copy and paste the link
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend. We are preparing for our next TBRI® training next week. Will you be there?
No sleep = not good, owell I had fun
**Looking for Senior Accountants with strong corporate consolidations experience! Great company, great pay and lots of growth opportunity!!…
Hope everyone had or is having a great spring break!
can you tweet me just once. i seriously love you and that would probably make my life. <3 :)
Just made that math test my bitch. Hooray!
Thank you for following!
Need a pick-me-up? It's Willy Wonka Wednesday at Baruch! Stop by the 2nd floor of the VC and grab some candy from the friendly USG members.
Twitter is 2 picks ahead of ESPN...
you bet! See you there!
for shame, Pete. You don't even gave a bio. I looked to see if nimoy was your other follower... Sigh... Not meant to be. ;-)
Kurt, Iowans *do* dance...just not that well! Ha ha! Hello from a fellow Panther alum (c/o 1998)...great job on DWTS! Woo hoo!
Blasted through some work! 7am and I already feel happy and productive. Let's see if I can keep this up for 12+ hours. :)
Love 's shirt. Such a great gesture for his team!
#kobe cracks me up haha 3 people open and a 70 % chance to make it.
of course
I literally just spit my water. Lmao.
I remember a year ago today waking up in the middle of the night to the disastrous news. God bless Japan.
I'm tweeting times for Kerry Ann Poznanski in real time on race day. Courtesy of
Make sure you are following You don't wanna be left out ha
Wanna play in the snow with me?
about to get this money
enjoy! And bring some new info back to
LOL. seriously. It didn't help that I had hardly any sleep last night!
triste is having bbys plus u went to lay down
when I the Pittsburgh show this year?
Question: Do you have an iPad, and if so, do you use it for therapy?
#thingsIcanthave OhioState. When I see that red I turn into a fucking bull
is trying occupy herself by listening to DMB while she cleans but it's now working. ..
I adore The "I Love You Song" In Spelling Bee. It is why I wanted The role of Olive. I hope the audience is with it! Guts On The stage.
Real Estate Marketing - Why Almost Everyone Gets it Wrong | Bizmeds: I don't care how great your product is, how..
I want to see Inception again. One of the best films I've seen in a long time. And it is now my mission to get to work with C. Nolan soon.
Just saw the TMZ bus tour on Melrose. Wish I was on it!
You told me it would be sunken in you Chicken did you know your tastes change and cilantro doesn't taste so much like soap at all.
We need Obamacare!
who am i kidding, everybody is crazy.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - can protect family businesses from being taken over by an aggressive spouse.
Sorry didn't see this! Could have 😔RT : can you get anyone else in?? Lol
Brown eyes entice me unlike any other tho
just testing out
if I see Jesus...I'm shooting that zombie in the fucking head, twice.
RT ": People are with you until they stop getting what they want" >>
Fat City Lofts environmental lawyer said this residential mixed-use project is 900 feet away and this is far enough.
Can not freaking wait to spend Sat night and all day Sunday with !!!
Officer up on his grillzzz..
#ThingsThatINeed are you and I together 💟
Separating sentience from human consciousness, Shaviro quotes Wittgenstein: "If a lion could speak, we couldn't understand it."
Action is the foundational key to all success.
My moms be trippin like shit
Alice Walker, American author, poet & activist won Pulitzer Prize for fiction with her novel "The Color Purple" on this day in 1983
Easier to teach what you learned 5 minutes ago than what you learned 20 years ago - you remember what it's like not to know it.
FM Transmitter - Web Tools
going to video some background footage for the prez' vid
#BiggestTurnOff players and smokers.... :p
So ready for the #smash finale tonight... 🎶🎵
where in you area do you see medical cannabis obtained?
The Dan Ryan #Sucks!
is he the guy threatening execs at a Framingham company?
Never thought I would be saying in May it's just too humid to even think about 9 holes right now.
is getting her blond on at the N Salon right now, can't wait to see it!
He my &hearts
its funny how is now tweeetinn tommorow! haha JAPAN!;)
George Zimmerman's bond should be revisited since he has enough $$$ to pay his bond outright. This situation is messy.
I'm glad you're having fun, BUT I THINK IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO COME HOME AND LOVE ME SOME MORE!
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet to Thanks in advance.
Hope you've had a great week. Thank you for your follows new friends:
Learn Chinese for the day: 白[bái] white
Feeding people good food!
and I luv telling you lol
I wanna try i-topit!
Hollywood video was my favorite. Ahh the nostalgia...
I work within blocks of both Sprinkles Cupcakes and Grilled Cheese Truck HQs and have yet to see free product in the office.
Movies and Orange leaf at the rim >
The TAASK, remember the name
If Opportunity doesn't knock.. Build a door...
Chilling on the pourch with listening to Good Charlotte
Find your professional soul mate(s), making a business a shared mission and a shared "why" |
The wine pairings were really delicious! Truly spot on and everyone was talking about them! Nice job sir.
Fish oil capsules are hard for my son to get down so I bought Omega-3 enriched eggs. Now he says those are too big to swallow too!
omg, is that a feather on your kitteh lips?!!
OK been lollygagging all day. First day with no school responsibility. Enjoying tweets, blogs & books.
Had an educational & entertaining week taking Intro to Archives course - thanks to the fantastic faculty & staff !
We have two shows coming up really soon 3/2 in Toledo,oh & 3/3 in Cleveland oh! Get your tickets soon!
I'm so ready for travel ball with my girls! 
haven't touched me in a while :O
ordering a remote key for a Jeep
True! Oh, I have an anime for you to watch. (:
Excellent...but so much for "won't rain until Thursday night" like the weatherman said.
Last day of dog sitting..back to the tin can tomorrow
Ok I'm laughin like crazy,ryan dancin off the wii so he tells nasia 2 hold my pants up,lol!!!! He was so serious
Garlic bread disgusts me!
I'd be down to 3 way with you and Alex
Positive thinking :) everything will work out, my dog said so :)
he's playing?
Ron Paul attacks all GOP candidates with exception of Mitt Romney. Why? Explain, please.
oh ahah yea I was just there a second ago lol
Good for you!
Gayngs is Saturday. Don't confuse me!
I can't sleep...
Thanks for all your #support #Denver soon we unveil the speakers of #ShineYourDivine #Event filled with #enlightenment #ascension &
Recently reread ur entire Secret Six collection. Ur so screwed in the head. I love you.
there will probably be some sort of international collaboration session tomorrow, I hope! If not, discuss during happy hour :)
finally not underemployed.
. - I like your webpage. It's well designed and appears useful. It even has forms. #Teachers should check it out.
If your name being on it makes it yours, i would own trains, bridges, and walls..
Oh hi Twitter friends! Work has been keeping me really busy, but are you looking forward to #mkeeasterbrunch? Where are you going?
Share photos/videos to keep your followers engaged. uses this to keep their consumers interested.
i want long hair i use to have my hair up to my hips know its up to my shoulder oh alittle bit lower
Follow us on Instagram, ya dingus. dwhbmusic
In the last 2 years we have so many families who have been to 2, 3 and even FOUR events in some cases. Every event is different...
things that aren't lame: new Keane CD out today
"if you jump out of a plane without a parachute, of course YOU'RE GOING TO DIE" - my logic prof, 15 min. after handing out the last midterm
(: follow my other account ?? I'll follow back!
Things that piss me off don't tell me to lay on you the way I lay on my bitch, stay in yo place
i want to go swimming!
Can't wait for college and summer, but can't believe my sister, , graduates college this coming weekend.
The only DDs I like are Steam's. It's not overpriced, and I don't see the point of using it on consoles just yet.
This afternoon's tunes-stew will include
The Pacers are 75 to 1 odds to win the NBA Championship
great to see volunteers showing up to transform homes on the near eastside! We're live at "game day" on #FOX59 morning news!
Big question from the Blended Learning conf.: Why are you doing blended learning?
#lsuua LSU is driving down the hog's throat and they can't stop it
Try a little credit to the author when you steal my tips of the day!
Summer is over and we're back to work or school. If your dog is attending doggy day care, don't forget to get a kennel cough vaccine.
No hay problema 😊👍 ": S/O to tho. They came through for yo boy."
fans of my music or gameplay mothersday is coming up and i want to make it a special one for my mom any donations go to her for mothersday!!
Situations like this... Con et
Yesterday, the Viking sign Favre. Today, a tornado hits Minneapolis. Some things just invite God's wrath.
Inbox at 10
Have you worked with a film sales agent before? Would love to hear about it. Recommendations?
Hey Welcome. Twitter is fun. And weird. But mostly fun.
I made it home from work in 20 minutes! Thank you Monday Traffic Gods!
Hey Russell. Quick ? For you. Most used lens? Thanks amazing work!
Hey Brian! I had a question about the Star Fox Photo Contest. Could you send me a message with an email to contact? Thank you!
got rid of the Facebook
Calm your balls bitch -__-
Life in prison plus 25 years for Cyril Williams for murdering trooper Wesley Brown at Applebees in 2010
#ILoveTheSunsBecause I been a suns fan since I was lil. Went to the suns parade with my parents when they won nba championship
Does it bother you that we barely ever talk, or is it just me?
we need to do CATS!
Why don't you shoot me an email -
Oh, she's protective - a good quality!
M Spicy Lavender Chai and Bedlam Berry coffeecake!!
DMX is gonna be at the Norva...umm I fool wit it!
oh i thought you meant they drafted them. Read the tweet wrong. I want Burfict!!! Browns could use a bad boy😁
I am only human. I mess up. But I won't give up. I'll never give up on her. She's not just another chapter in my life.. she's the book.
I'm just sitting here like O__________O. HOLY SHIT KINGS
A-men!
Frank Ocean right now <3
are u ready to get the summer reading stuff 2morrow?
One photo, of all the photos of Junior Seau in tomorrow's U-T San Diego, may provide a clue to what happened to him.
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Boners
": I wanna see wiz tonight" I love the wharf . You been their before based god? Lol
And the fatigue from last week just hit me all at once
I find no Honor with those u spoke w/in confidence; & they decide 2 share with the very person that you opted not to confide in.
Omg!!!!...i have a cavity in my wisdom tooth
Every time Pepsi commercial come on... I spazz. I CAN'T WAIT TIL JULY 24th! ❤
Yes, it's almost 3am and, yes, I just got out of the
I know, but still. They could have kept quiet about it until it aired out here. and.. a touchdown? what? haha. I'm confusedd. lol.
Headed to a 2 hour aerobic skills workshop
my goal for next year is to better reach and teach my ESL students.
Have a Safe and Wonderful Fourth of July Celebration!
yeah I miss you guys!
oh that's probably it - haha!
I won't forget, we're never out of coffee, milk or sweeteners :L <3 <3
They never seen it coming that's the beauty of it
Our HS senior photography is steller, you will not find better, our customers will tell you that too!
Should ADHD meds b taken by children & teens? What is your view on this?. Easy answer is "It depends..". Tweet to me. Good answers so far!
My mom is about to have the best mother's day. ^.^
Who are the digital humanists?
Q3 my mom always lead by example in everything but most memorably she is always honest!
Please do not throw softballs!!! This guy is the worse..
S/O the cat that just left me 27 comments on the Youtube
I was picking up my son from school and my head im wearing an Afro today. Two small girls said I love you hair. Way go for the natural...
life is a game of checker and im headed for your Queen.
of course, always happy to help!
Not looking forward to going back to roanoke
On board....Twitter it is!
Bartles and James wine coolers! ha!
no pain, no gain!
Oh God. Are you taking mace? That place has really changed.
I meet the CC Tiger's hockey team in 2 days!!!!!!!
stop hogging all the hot water!
WHY CAN'T I GO TO SLEEP
Politics? // Maybe... after all, you're from Cuba! Welcome to the States! :)
Movie time
Thanks for following
As my son prepares to leave for Afghanistan. I keep asking what can I do to help my country and our soldiers? What can we do as a A Nation?
Our 7-footer can hit the three. Can yours?
Catching first good night of sleep since Wednesday after filming #Prism. -JO
Adam Sandler has a new movie, does anybody care ? He's gone from the best to the worst.
I Over React? Check You Physco Bitch!
Such a beautiful day😍☀
i love u to death
right back at ya gorgeous!
Putting together the final shipment for and for #astd2012. See you in Denver in 4 days!
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
I really think you should come do a show in #Syracuse!! Just throwing it out there...
Follow Me Team Will Follow Back!!
actually describes everything in my life, from all things lax to movies and song lyrics
Dr Page: "Looking fwd to working w/you. When can we make it happen?" Me: "Well, I don't have a Messiah yet." Page: "BAH! Neither do I!" :-)
awww happy B-DAY to your sister she is really cute and adorable
RT : Salen: If you don't change the form of assessment, innovative teaching will just return to its original form.
well I don't consider he is talented.
That is pretty cool, I don't know how practical and safe it is but cool none the less.
LIMITED TIME OFFER: We're shipping WINDBREAKERS. USA ONLY. Send us an email at . $30 + shipping.
Derek Fisher to the Thunder.. I guess he doesn't make a team better or worse, maybe a clutch shot here and there. That's if he plays..
Somebody up there likes us
According to mobile industry writers CPM for tablet advertising is priced way too high. We agree..www.padvertisement.com
“: I love yo damn dress” thanks boo !
// thx! Have a great weekend.
Yeah buddy! #zombieapocalypse #roundtwo “: WOO were chillen in the summer no doubt :)”
just bought a new 40" LCD samsung TV. Works great. Far far far! nicer than my 30" hd tube that it replaces. yay! looks gorgeous too!
How are you guys doing today?
Today is such a beautiful dayy. church then watching the playoffs when oomf
Don't forget--the library closes at midnight tonight!
I don't do anything unless I(there)is/have A good reason!
#BanBelieber BIEBER IS FOREVER AND ALWAYS BELIEBERS NEVER GO BACK WE WILL ALWAYS BE A BELIEBER THROUGH EVERYTHING
A7: trying the local cuisine
Luke Harangody had 18 points last night. Why can't #Celtics get players like that!
Really glad I've been laying in bed for 2 hours and still can't fall asleep.. This happens way too often.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.-Unknown
Friends We Love Premiere at The Brooklyn Museum Of Art on October 2, 2010...
No computer but im a Mac..
truff...what's really important that i'm working on i don't talk about much, except when really necessary
Grenade just came on in the mall!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤
Hm I wonder where my nars could be
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt dress in clothing befitting a formal function of state of the human variety.
Listening to some Gustav Mahler from a recommendation from Ignite Baltimore 9. Not disappointed!
#jhuDC how far would you go to move? Would you build a raft and launch yourself into shark waters?
maybe the fact that they run that often is what allows Rodgers to be at 10 yrds avg at 72%
we had a blast! Great mtg you! You're so sweet! Loved your heartfelt closing talk, Nicki.
Your timeline tonight makes me miss being on a Top 40 station, like, not at all.
Damn. Now that #Kentucky won that means the #Yankees will win the WS. That's just how it goes.
I'm tired.
I love working! Van Halen is incredible!!! Everybody JUMP!
If this is the case, especially after the shutdown of the immortal Library.nu, then I am going on the warpath
the bands look awesome!
I agree with and you need to ask this boy!
omg baby legs
Strap broke on my sandal before I walked for grad
What makes your movie concept unique?
Fuckin' freshman dude 😠
