so true!
"the thing that, by means of the fable, is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own"
"The next time I come for you, I'm gonna want me some cocktail.... Fruit!!!" From Nasty Nate in the movie, "Half Baked".
Happy Birthday <3:)
I know I complain about Patrick Kane a lot but what he is doing is unacceptable. His is literally playing the "I'm a superstar card"
Compliment of the day courtesy of : "I guess you're kind of like a library search engine!"
Neighborhood cleanup day could also be called freecycle my neighbor's junk day. So far I've got a nice mirror :-)
OOps! still getting used to this
If u haven't already "Liked" us on FB, join our page & don't forget to "check-in" to receive 10% off your purchase!(1 disc.per day)Thank you
it is a bar...just stumbled upon them. Lucky me!
Answer: Yes! RT See Conversation - is the conf being recorded for viewing later?
RT : as if there weren't enough reasons to come to our charity pub crawl, the 1st 25 registrants get FREE AVIATORS!!
What a faggot
I love it when friends stay over - from now until 5 p.m. call 888-717-8851 to book a room for this weekend for only $99. Call me. -Glenn
POPLYFE, the cross between the Fugees and No Doubt. Sky is the limit.
Good for the skin. And it will make you look beautiful! But you are already. so that makes it twice as nice!
Cinco de dying.
too damn excited to pack for dallas
USA PRO CYCLING tour THE LAST,STAGE IS TODAY. GOLDEN TO DENVER
If there's a book you really want to read but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it. ~Toni Morrison
I hate Saturdays
Hm... all my follows on Pinterest are posting pins of Alexander McQueen totes and soft porn... what does that say?
I barf at some motivational pap. BUT fact is you CAN take any damned attitude you choose to work today! It's your BLD/Biggest Life Decision!
lol i do not remember!
how you come you followed me but your brother hasn't :'( I'm going to cry if he doesnt!!
me, neither.
Mr Colucci spent the entire period picking out walk-up songs for us.
get 2 5hr energies and an omelet
BJ the cat was looking great this a.m.
Volunteers don't get paid, not because they're worthless, but because they're priceless. -Sherry Anderson
yeah .-. It hurts lolol so when did u and dest find out u guys were bro and sis ?
This has never happened to me until just now, but isn't it weird how something as small as someone's FB status can ruin your night?
Political Subversities needs a Stage Manager! Are you or anyone you know in NYC interested? Email
Why would customers register with you, on your website? Do you provide any value? Is that clear?
I received +K about New Media from Thank you Sir! Enjoy your Sunday!
episode 250 = favorite ten directors? Like when you did top 10 films. Yay!
#nw nick cannons stand up only because there aint ish else on tv...
attending a reception for Ted Cruz at the #Houston Club.
Decide to live the life you dream of.
OPEN CASTING CALL! Need experienced #poker dealer for role in our film. Hit us up if you are interested in auditioning!
Just published on Smashwords! Waiting to be accepted into their premium catalog!
I'm def not trying to discriminate here, but ain't NOTHING like a thick #RedBone ... So serious tho
The lesson of love...
"If your dreams don't scare you, they're not big enough."
Silicon Valley Bank has been such an excellent partner. Thank you for the introductions, events and support!
dont u think a man knowing how to cook is a gud Attribute
2 problems w/small government: 1) gov provides infrastructure, 2) gov provides basic protections. Neither happen under Libertarians.
already registering for summer college classes
Why is everyone posting up pictures like where is Waldo aka Lil Wayne? #Nuggets game
yo its John, follow me
Thanks! I figured as much...I think it might be an online hotel reg only?
School board members and other elected officials need to spend a day in your shoes.
Even though I haven't heard Put your Hearts up yet I already know it'll be perfect! ♥
"People how you doing there's a new dawing" - Jimmy James
March 5th deadline approaching for April English Opens Doors program in Chile. Still considering it?
I try to get to the driving range twice a week. I'll get at you.
lol I'm confused
back to #cleaning....off to do the hallway so the #kids can do some painting :)
Vermonters in the front row for at NEBHE's Locally and Regionally
aww damn! You gotta strap on chick?
30 Senators (including ) have signed on to support Victims of Child Abuse. Thx to your commitment to
We are attacking.
Ack! Over here! I just saw your DMs to my other acct via email.
Take a Day Off and Celebrate Ferris Bueller! Friday, August 28th noon to 6 at The Manchester Grand Hyatt Kin Spa Pool.
jealous. Weather in Amsterdam is rainy and chilly. Daffodils r at least in bloom
How is the OKC stat guy now? LOL
filtography. That's the only way to explain it. Or I have a really retro iPhone.
I'm bout to get this friday cracking.!
#NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Being a better father and integrating back into family life after football
My neck hurts from being on the phone all morning. Worker's comp?
So excited for martini night
sucks to be u
Pop quiz question: How strong is your love for Quizmaster JPP?
Getting ready to go to 's playground. Wee!
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress. - Nicholas Murray Butler
Your EX is your EX because they are an EX-ample of what you shouldn't do again! ...
'Secrets' can be ya best friend or worse enemy when u in a relationship.The things I know about ppl Smh I should write book..
This Thursday we're playing FitzGerald's Nightclub in Berwyn, off the Oak Park Blue line!! Check us out!!
I want some sperry's
Nothing like a pawn on the rise.
aww lol I won't be there anyway :( still coming on Sat?
Agriculture employs 21 million people—more than seven times as many workers as the U.S. automotive industry.
Anyone interested in re-enacting "The Hunger Games" with Nerf guns? Ok, lmk. Thanks.
what is your record price for a piece of Dedham Pottery? Looks like you might have a contender in the next sale.
Ugh! Look at my recent tweets to stealyocheese she is stupid. She thinks Austin isn't following this account
I'm cracking up all by myself...if this were a new thing I'd be concerned. But it's not. *happiness rocks in all forms*
hope you enjoyed !
never looks the homeless or porn stars directly in the eye.
Loved you in 47 seconds!
Wow....Beatles on iTunes...Apple's "big announcement" went over like hot air escaping from bean-factory worker
If we don't follow you back, it's not that we do not appreciate your support but that #twitter has imposed #limits on us. 5-10 follows a day
hi 5 of us are going to Germantown tonight. Meeting in lobby at 4:30. You are invited :)
Damn you Pujols
My pleasure, Nick. Thanks for sharing it!
Is there a difference between #NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman and a doll stripped of all its guts?
it is so creatively insane and awesome that i would buy one if i had any money.
OK GOP Rep: "It Should Be Legal To Fire Employees For Being Gay" #huffpost C'mon, I was hoping to fire them cause they're black!
aha okay ;) LOL ygm! sad times...
Oh btw we hit over 50,000 views! Time to celebrate :)
that is gorgeous!
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
Funny how American Gladiator names like Bear, Wolf, and Lazer are all super Yiddish.
TOMORROW: Drink on us , 10p! Sam Adams anyone?
when will tickets go on sale???
Congrats and good luck!
I always answer "no" to Hulu's "Is this ad relevant to you?" question in hopes that they will stop playing ads.
wow...htown do b hatin real hard on us:-) well join the crowd lmao!
HP admits that #webOS kernel was never previously open source, despite you HP-niks having claimed it was open.
y da shower runnin and im on twitter
omg! I want!!
I can't believe there aren't more of them. Jazz is great. Cats are great. Life is great. Seems natural 2 put them all together.
R.I.P. #MauriceSendak. I read his booms to my 4 kids and sometimes to myself. May he and Max romp 4ever
that life
Let me hear all about it! Wanted to go, but conflict with #gardenclubsofvirginia Symposium
R.I.P. Whitney Houston, the world has lost a great musical talent
I've resigned myself to confusion in print between "peek" & "peak," "advance" & "advanced." But a saxophonist "whaling"?
I know and it's gay
okay! I have to mow the lawn first so it will be like an hour or so!
UK all day
feels free as fukk rite now
...want more children.
Oh. Berlin. Cool. Wrong piece of germany. Too far.
RT : Can't believe I'm about to start my dream might be hard but between an myself we gonna do big things.
absolutely - I try to make it out there every other year or so. It's an amazing event each and every time!
IF YOU DON'T GIVE A DAMN THEN GO THE FUCK AWAY, JUST CAUSE I WOULDN'T FLIRT BACK LOLOL
Thanks sis. I'm glad I'm not alone on this one. We're in a very sad place in our history right now.
I heart us Reds fans. :-)
I appreciate the game info, keep it coming. Go Hoosier Nation!!
lol that's only for like one day! What do you expect :p
RT : If you ain't here to party, you'll be missin' out on the best damn time of your life. -Luke Bryan
Get a Mario & Luigi chest piece.
I have to bruh shit is just asking for it
In my day we brewed our coffee in a beat up tin coffee pot, strained it through an old white gym sock, and drank it black!
Ooh, that looks good! Good to see you!
Union protesters in Wisc call Repub. Gov "Hitler." So much for civility. Dems quit preaching about civility.
When your boyfriend doesn't pay his damn phone bill and you don't talk all day <<<<<<
congrats Jayme!! Can't wait to see you perform at the 88.9 awards. That is such a great night.
they ended last thursday op
RT Bass-*thinks he has the match won* say farewel ruby! Me-*teleports behide bass and wins match* FAREWELL!
today's soups in san francisco are chicken & swiss chard w/parmesan and tomato w/parmesan
thank you. (:
": Pete Campbell is cruising for another bruising #Madmen " Really. Dislike. Him.
thanks for the support come see us August 4th!
i think should make a song dedicated to his Mahomies ;)
“: make time for the people you care about. you need each other...”
Question- What symbols or figures comes to mind when you think about Seattle?
Let's go Clippers!!
Missing 1D on icarly because i'm at a chinese restaurant. The things i do for you asians.
Bdubs later!!! whoop whoop! (:
I need coffee. asap.
Martin Luther king jr was a wise man but
when you talk about style...what style icons local & international inspire you?
RT RT : The documentary "The Greater Good" will be released November 8th
Thanks for the shout out!
Kobe always gettin me in trouble!
- We are an educational org. not political... thanks anyway.
• Remember profile pics are square - it'll squish the heck out of it. Unless you mean the background pic on your profile page
thanks for the follow!
In the studio!
looks like a fast track tonight! There on it!!
So Rodgers, Breed, Stafford, Vick, Romo, Ryan, Cam, Cutler are chopped liver, huh!
thanks for the RT.
Check out our new Facebook Fan Page, go to www.facebook.com/cbtwdocu and hit 'LIKE'...Thank you!
1) Akira, then nothing else matters.
Day 3 of detox commence! 12 days till I'm home!
I sure did:)
just put on the song Haters by Jayz n Kanye and say F eryone who don't matter. Stay positive
Thanks for making this weekend awesome!!! We'll blog all the fun we had tomorrow :)
Just got home from seeing on had the best time with and i hope i get a follow back :)
Why the f@&! Is everyone so LOUD!?
Back home after celebrating the win got #Packers at
Some days, a nap is better than an orgasm.
The answer is obvious. You have cancer and you're dying.
Im learning tho
I really should be working right now.
please follow me<33
Churchill likes to attack our big Apple screens - particularly during movies...
How much does it cost to have the promoted link to your twitter? Getting tired of seeing your mug everywhere its quite annoying.
Unpacking my #craftbeer collection. I guess I knew, but it's still rather daunting. Too shy to post a photo!
Soups of the Day: Greek Lemon Chicken, Split Pea, Chicken Pastina, Tortellini Brodo, Minestrone, and Ravioli Florentine...Yummy!!
Thought provoking piece on whether a current lawsuit against the #NFL & a helmet manufacturer will trickle down to
HELLO,HELLO,HELLO, YOU'D BE MINE, WHOA, HELLO HELLO,HELLO, YOU'D BE MINE (MY FAV. LINE <3)
"The Crow" is a reverse-gender take on the "Peter Pan" story set in 1967 Boston @ the hight of Vietnam-era counter-culture.
HCR support incrsingly reactionary-each new criticism only makes it all the more laudable. expect soon to see claims it will reunite beatles
Normal Distribution probability question?
Broncos RB, Correll Buckhalter, although sick, is going to try and call in at about 7:30. Hopefully he took DayQuil. Check it out at 7:30...
great! If you would like to me to come down to Louisville, let me know and I will be there. talk to you soon
The truth hurts; this is why the truth pill is seldom taken.
Four year strong - unbreakable
Having so many in-flight bevvys the plane RUNS OUT OF WINE.
I highly doubt that.
you ever do the real talk verse?
Is that new music i heard yall aint "SLICK" .. EP 7 TOO FUNNY!! :D #FOLLOW ME !!!
-Isn't that a Cinerella song from the hairband days....;-)
Wonders if a Spoboddie would taste better than a Schlabst. can you answer this for me? This inquiring mind wants to know.
Is my dream coming true!? School ceiling just fell off!
Talking NCAA Tournament "Bracketology" on "Daytime @ Nine" w/ Monica Taylor & Miriam Zamorano @ 9am on KABB/Fox San Antonio.
: hi stranger
I'm glad Baylor changed to black jerseys. Oregon may be upset as thunder's been stolen. Honestly, I dig the green...but only @ Oregon & BU.
Thanks, Mike! Nice work with #AAPI TImes.
sportscenter said you cousin!!! misinformed bastards
Just posted "Temporary Sanity" to my reverbnation account. Thanks so much to Bonnie Hayes and Gawain Mathews for your help on this song....
City Room: Car Accident Knocks Out D.M.V. Computer System
And I ask my self "am I ready to date again or am I ready just to be lied to and get hurt" #Goodnight <3
This is my first time ever going to a graduation.... And my last
Hmm, I can probably deal with that then. Thanks!
I have been testing he's been eating Yamaguchi tuna rolls 7 days a week
my favorite!
Sitting by the lake out in dunwoody watching ducks swim. I love spring
Energy is a language. Silent connection creates a subset of relationship. It is telepathic and empathic.
QoTD: "The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." (Elbert Hubbard)
I would think no huddle is more effective than that....take out the times when Ben was hurt lol
When someone hates on Justin Bieber .... Fall to the fccking ground and ask God & Jesus to forgive you.
St gall, uee, CDLI all today -- too much multi-tasking
all night! Check in w yr wife re: dinner plannings.
Vick and Sproles having decent games and on my bench.
today is a day jam-packed full of coin hoard metadata
also apologies for anyone i'm not responding to on email. i really have created monster rules. #muchmoreproductivetho'
Who's excited?: Moneyball week, interview w/ Rick Peterson on what was real and what wasn't with the A's...bit.ly/o4cerK
Turkey was dandy, but the Italian brat was king. RT : thanks for lunch fellers, that turkey sandwich was just lovely.
I still watch the game, but I am sick of the football culture of "fans love to see big hits."
“: Haha hoopin RT remember them days when me and was at them purdue camps” I swear fam
Can the Knicks void STAT's contract?
Gov. Goodhair can always be blamed, but I think Mr. Jefferson and are at fault here. TJ just rocks too hard!
Have a fun and safe Labor Day weekend!
man I been tweeting and FB u and u ignore me. Cut me deep man, cut me deep.
I was there for the first time as well. Can't wait to go back!
Politics. I'm sure he's not the only one who's done it. 320 schools, Sparks!! Big to-do over nothing IMO.
#Madonna is super talented & the graphics were impressive but, all in all, the half-time show was kind of all over the place...
ray is on one tonight
Yep. It's a Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons kinda day! Just in time for Mother's Day. I miss ya, mom! <3
Damn that SNL xmas song is catchy!
thanks fir the love girl
"Did grizzly Adams have a Beard"
#1morefollower? I'll give you a
I'd rather have a hobo get in bed with me right now then wake up ily
will do! RT Please keep us in your prayers today. It's a white knuckle bender kind of hard days night.
<--- not boring lol
": My generosity will be my demise." Yeah but at least you'll be in heaven.
Entrance Exam
Patiently awaiting for my vinyl of The Mars Volta Live at the Electric Ballroom to come....okay, not patiently, but could you blame me?!
have you ever asked someone for advice knowing you were going to do the exact opposite of whatever they suggest?
Have a Huge Wedgie HELP ME! E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
I know where you were and who you were with last night. It was very funny and very sweet. ☺😘
Lmao My last tweet sounded like Rev Run.
90s power hour with , love our generation's music
Shoutouts to , Thanks for retweets kind sir!!
TheSweaterStore is giving away another Ugly Christmas Sweater! Follow & Retweet for a chance to win one of 4,000+ terribly tacky sweaters!
I'm annoyed of all these games .
Brownsburg high school please turn on your air conditioning!
damn. do I have the most amazing #bf. Even though I had the stomach flu and ruined the night, he stayed by my side.
#West Virginia friends, please consider the candidacy of my sis-in-law Jennifer Scragg Karr, Democrat, for Dist 8 State Senate.
¡Gracias por la visita! And for bringing the cast! Hope you all had a great show!
YAY! batteries! progress pics coming very soon! :)
you kill dat verse bro
one last test, still not working (newish to Twitter)
Thanks! I am feeling much better now. Going back to work tomorrow. ;]
any reports of power outages? Ours is out in Missouri City, TX.
I'm sure they're great. I am entranced by the Emirates Airlines flight crew & their polished, post-colonial look.
(Deep voice) I don't often watch soccer, but when I do I watch Barcelona vs Chelsea.
Performing in the best theatre yet. Escondido. My life is amazing.
Good morning del how your weekend so far what you going to dress up for Halloween
Today in 1915 the #Yankees put on their pinstripes for the 1st time.
the problem for Hilo they no more arms left - gonna be tough...but lets hope
just messed up in the head right now.
Thanks for posting this Brent! I can see a lot of time spent with this. And they have a Diamond Head tune, Sweet!
Shop our Warehouse Sale - May 2nd, 3rd & 4th - 10-7 daily. Up to 50% off Home Décor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday & Linens @ our Garden Room.
it's gonna be awhile...
FLCL IS ON #TEAMJUMP TUNE IN
Goodnight twitter.
Im so excited. Im so stoked dude.
No worries...we'll be back next week with just as much enthusiasm.
looking for editorial interns for winter! must be a strong writer, know AP style, & be responsible & organized. email me at !
you know it... When he removes the ❤or eats monkey brains..woof
Yes, we called for a nice pull-back in AAPL shares after earnings. That's why we r the best! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
sorry Rossignol is the right spelling
Off to work. Expecting a foot of snow in denver by tommorrow morning. So josh enjoy flordia.
ok well let me know!
Needs a bad ass job!!
Happy Mother's Day you're such an inspiration & such a strong mother & individual <3 #muchlove Pattie
who are we kidding, how long do we have to endure this Cain joke for president
Who needs a table for tonight??! SICK Bottle special for your wonderful night out with friends! Just shoot us a message to inquire or RT! :)
Chinese musicians sound off at copyright changes
.....But that was when I ruled the world.....
Excited to start reading 's new book, "Jeneration X," tonight.
I haven't found language to be an issue in major cities. Off the beaten path is a little tricky, but still manageable.
#Congress needs someone like little ole me on their board ..
I Feel So Much Better
Helping my parents move...
Happy #Fenway100 anniversary. I have the funniest story about my last trip to Boston. If we ever meet, remind me to tell you about it!
Perhaps I love both AND John Cooper...blew your mind, huh!? ;)
McRib is back!!!!!
Thank you!!
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated!
Power Outage - amazing all the crap I CANT get done! Mr. Edison and other ancient civilizations associated with this invention - Thank You.
Update: Possible two people in vehicles unconscious at the Colfax I-225 incident. Look for emergency vehicles.
Maybe the #brewers need to pick up an alcohol or drug addiction. Seems to be the only way Johnny Narron knows how to teach hitting.
Dreams are symbolic. What does being an actor represent to you?
- Hang tough sweetie! I'll never forget the feeling of total FREEDOM when the school bus scooped up the last one!
This is going to make for one Hell of a locked up abroad episode!
Omw to valley to see a late night movie
Thanks for the RT, CK! Hope all is well!
friends don't let friends tweet on sleep meds. Haha
This joint was supposed to start at 7pm. I guess were on CP time.
This convo about resource allocation (in TX, prison funding vs ed funding) could be a whole session and/or conference
#Flame Flame Flame FLAME FLAME
just got winter issue - I love the new format. Excited to think about the upcoming contents of Spring. nice work! thx.
you need help! You're an alcoholic
was not expecting Camp to go this hard!
My appointment was at 2:30 and it is now 2:43 and my mom isn't even here. Awesome.
One side is horizontal, and the opposite side is vertical!
Great afternoon at the No Boundaries Block Party!
you're in dude. drive with me and split the cost. i'm not trying to spend tonz of cash
all of those whom their "leaders" say are "enemies".
okay :) mine is 1710 (:
: champions!!!!!!! cant believe whats just happened... best day of my life....
Just thought of MG. Did he tell you we began the interview talking about picking up dog poop in winter? Detailed discussion...
Proof you love God = you love those that love God. Love those around you that are trying to grow.
follow back
After being down 7-1 at the half v. URI, #BU #MLAX made a great comeback attempt w/ a 5 goal 4th qtr. Great game, tough loss. 10-8 final
#PhiMA Nike thinks that the like button is the most valuable thing on the web-how does Facebook make money on that?
Sorry for all the pink Floyd spam! One of our biggest influences!
Gift certificates are available for purchase.
haha what did u do!?!
Nearly half of all kids in Michigan participate in the school lunch program
Get off that.
I had the legit scariest dreams last night. Like four of them.
I think yhu think I dnt really love yhu like I say I do....
Pres. Gordon Gee tomorrow Oct 9, 2 pm 11th floor Campus Reading Room of Thompson Library: Sharing Knowledge: The Global Inform. Society
Its Thursday & we know you're thirsty. Its also ladies night which means #HappyHour all night! So come start yr Labor Day weekend off right!
In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow -- and that is likely to hurt. - Wei Wu Wei
Um? Really? The site is down because of yesterday's earthquake? Huh? Joke?
": u boys ready for saturday !!!" <---you already know G!!! #CirocSatrudays #LEGGO!
Maksim Chmerkovskiy After ‘DWTS ’: What ’s Next? (VIDEO) Dancing with the Stars pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy isn ’t waiting around for
We're the #eHarmony of #apartment searching. We match perfect people with the perfect apartments. Trust us, we'll take care of you. :)
hahahaha.... so funny... :\ lol... so hows work goin? still working ur butt off? Wish we had overtime here at our service... grr
Is Ted a squirrel?
oh my gosh, Yes! I'm for sure not reading now.
#nercomp12 students fear of faculty accessing their FB lives
Got My Nigga Dan-One FBA On These Mixtapes... It's Over For The Suckas Right Now
RT : Twitter can and will fuck people lives and their relationships up. Forreal.
call me. I'm down haha
thanks...just trying to spice things up in this crazy world we live in ;)
Can't wait to blow my candles out He want that cake, cake, cake...
Looking for a Google Analytics expert, preferably based in NYC. Send me a private message if you know anyone!
Watching absolutely kill it! Love them!
this is just the tip of the iceberg of worsening food crisis on massive scale worldwide .
it is wat it is man..im not go undastnd da shit eva so ig it aint no way
My twitter app is up and running again. Yaay
Cmon don't ask just give me spicy
I'm cold...ciaa weekend is supposed to be warm:(
Lee back in the D!! Missin her!!! :(
- Thanks; if I were invited, would cover for my comics/pop culture blog. Need a volunteer? :)
SWEET!!! I'm about to make it rain then!! Lmao
Late night lift
Breakfast with today. Trying to bring some "normal" into tech week.
After watching the #Kony video earlier this week, I've got something to say about it. Tune it tomorrow at 7:00 am to find out.
Yay! That is so great. I'm glad he found a good home. And I'm glad your friends found a good dog!
Looking for a group community service project? Let us know!
I agree! Lemon Lavender. Looks like you're biting into spring! Where can I find the recipe?
1 hour 'til Happy Hour begins!!!! almost there
My #masc4213 chickens are making this grading thing easy.
#justwokeup and dont want to go to school. Can I stay home?
u got Qool # just hit him. Check ur DM
no, i didnt get to meet anyone today but Brad :) Thats ok though! ive met cody before!
oh I was wrong lol n it was I love the movie can't wait till 2 but I just can't put it over dark knight
Rest in Peace #rockingnewyearseve :(
so the West RFU 7s Qualifiers with the Dallas Harlequins is on the same day as the USA vs Italy game thats in Texas, what?? c'mon now
Do u like or dislike RAW?
Thanks! If all your students are that great, keep 'em coming! :)
If you find yourself in Peoria, IL, check out Copper River Coffee! Coffee is the best part of traveling.
asks- what is the best blog post length? answer- long enough to be AWESOME, from
We're open tonight!! Come in for a holiday glass of wine or champagne cocktail! Social hour is from 5-7pm with $5 glasses!
real original.
We hope everyone had a great Easter weekend filled with chocolate covered Peeps and jelly beans!
I'm going to say this early Happy Thanksgiving to everyone i def wont be on here tomorrow
Looking for an authentic taste of #Philly? Check out Brianto’s Original Hoagies in
well this made my day!! :) I love you, Steph!!!
RT : Thank you, , for terminating your association with This was the right thing to do.
Wow, the New Jersey Devils are destroying Philly's Universe
i get high if i want to .
I wish he'd talk to me, he's to "popular" now... And I've fallen more in love with him...
If whenever you tweet you hear an echo, you may need more followers
Good point RT Red + blue = purple...a bipartisan color!
thanks for following. We're big fans of all the hard work you do to help young adults with
Check your emails for the late summer email that just sent out tonight.
Hunt says reconciliation needed to happen at ppl-to-ppl level. Comes from sense of confession, truthtelling
Wish i was macking on a Aj burger. Yum
Don't forget about me, i have no way of hitting you up.
when I got home she asked me if I had several drugs..
Joe Paterno, former Penn State football coach, dies at 85 RIP
"#uswnt players "probably" won't play in #WPS this season." oh really? where then? just in the olympics? Sweden?
My only tracked person on tumblr I actually still look at is
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I wish the interstate dropped me off at my house. I can't deal with people on the state roads....
I got them at kohl's. :)
RT : When you let go of what you know, something new and amazing can enter.
i was and still am sick. Wasn't my fault!
oh. Wait who??
You can't say "long hair don't care" because when you remove the weave, you have no hair. thought of you;)
It's not too bad. Complete opposite schedule from my wife, but we're making it work
It's the bacon!!! Has to be.
Cenic issue now resolved. UC Berkeley network reachability should be back to normal.
that I do, but he's not used to kicks below the waste...target would be his legs
So excited for our final summer online chat tonight! We'll be chatting with incoming freshman tonight from 8-10pm EDT!
That counts! :) RT : A#1 I did do a "one fee" pub crawl that was pretty cool
follow/Enjoy:
Good Morning!
When you get an eyelash in your eye...-__-
Welcome Mitzi ! You are in great hands with Russell and his group. Hopefully you can join us on tonight webinar!
It's in my jeans and in my genes.
listening to music off of my ipod
Huge Congrats to Alison Thompson for winning the Humanitarian Award at Women of Style #InstyleAwardsAustralia !!!
Guess what?! I miss your braces :(
heyooo i heard straight people made up marriage to get tax breaks
I can't believe my baby boy is gonna be living his dream in a few days!</3 they grow up so fast!<33 iloveyou <3
#FollowFriday : Birthday Edition.
If you missed Ralph Fiennes talking Shakespeare with Jon Stewart on The Daily Show, then you missed some magic in the forest. Google it!
I've been trading penny stocks for 20 years now and I've never been excited about a stock like I am about "LUSI.OB"!
I got some person following me that said it was your second account? Is it fake??
thanks so much for coming out! Hope you had as much fun as we did!
I'm opening for Monte Montgomery tonight @ Sam's Burger Joint in San Antonio from 9-10pm. Always a good time with Monte!!!
thanks for following me!
Me and Lyndsay are determined to meet Austin during the summer. I will find him in Miami!
Agreed. I can't wait.
...lease to be broken,etc ,of course there will be resentment.Many times the correct target isnt chosen....
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. – Woody Allen.
crazy thing is, Jesus loves u bruh
Biggest strikezone ever, did Greinke even strike out a single batter? Still amazing that the score isn't way worse though!
& : I hear will offer rehab for texting injuries for all of you!
#its2012whyyoustill looking for love on social networks.
missing chattingg with you sorry I'm busy these days ttyl <3
damn, that's nice man!
fick knows nothing about offense at all and doesn't have the fortitude to override bollman, who is a sham and a joke
not bad for an all local show around 85 peeps!
Mystery commercial just played on my computer. Didn't have any web pages open. These guys are getting good.
Headlight resurfacing can restore up to 90% of your car ability to light the road. Your vehicle looks newer too! www.kingoftheding.com
Why am I taking advice from them to begin with?
Trust god! Everything is a process! -mommy
Nice to be following you. Have you considered building your own solopiano page at solopiano.com? it's free. ur music would fit!
RT : sites like where you can choose to be anonymous or not are great.
Boy,if you think you're hot,think again.
how does this service work?! Haha
I am drinking some now!
ateam all the way!
Lennar's Year End BLOWOUT SALE! Get off the fence and buy a new Lennar Home today! Check out our specials at www.lennar.com/sunshinedeals!
RT : Best writing advice ever is: to write every single day.
Join us tonight at Bethesda Baptist () in Brownsburg for Trunk o Treat from 6-8p. Dont 4get ur Operation Christmas Child donations
o, I like it
RT : Elway hard at it in office today hours before 1:30 press conference. Elway works like he played--1 speed. (good 2 hear!)
Glad storm didn't do much damage got real windy at 3:am windows shook some. White merlot, curry shrimp and a good book got me through rain
Super Saturday. Everything in bookstore on SALE today 10-20% OFF plus more DEALS throughout the store. Dbl Punch Drink Gingerbread Latte!
OPEN YOUR EYES, even if the sunlight hurts.
This'll sound new age-y, but I'm working on strengthening my mind so that I can do that when I need to.
Fox News: Obamas EPA has closed 5 oil refineries, with over the top regulation. And Obama says he's not responsible for gas prices, lol. ,)
“: I want a dog named "We Go" now... that's freaking awesome ” no doubt.
I'm great, how are you?
Really looking forward to cd release tonight. Come celebrate with us.
I wish I was He dates the finest women, in entertaiment.
W.wsmnradio.com today 11am. We are talking probiotics with Matt Wood of Kansas city based SCD Probiotics. Radio Green Talk.
I have a riding crop....
Project coordinator, postdoc, student loan counselor, adjunct, TA, grader, phone survey interviewer, student library worker.
re: your take on SCOTUS ruling: what about 501c3 law revoking tax exemption if nonprofits engage in political speech/spending?
Leaving Burbank now for Palmdale Last call for emergency rides.
Having a great time with as we celebrate 100 years of Girl Scouting together.
$20 million savings by going to a grid-based garbage pickup system
No, it definitely just got extremely sexual.
Welcome new followers, thank you!
dinner and bowling?
M. Public belittling.
Afternoon twitter!! Happy as a clam, my bosses spoiled us and I'm getting a new car! Great vday for me
Personally? I think business cards are the worlds smallest dinosaur.
walk a mile in my shoes, hear what i hear, feel what i feel, then MAYBE you'll understand why i do what i do, until then
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened" --> totally living off of those words right now.
you're wrong, buddy.
Just got a signed copy of "A Kiss in the Rain", a new novel by Dacia Wilkinson
#AsHeardOnTheRadio RT : Virtual Tupac may go on tour! And he wants his own plane, yo.
we are also interested in event Curation workshop!!! Let's talk!
if I may ask what kind of public speaker are you?
well I think the Outlook really embodies the essence of an ethical work environment, dont you agree?
Sometimes, when I say thank you, I often catch myself saying 'thank ya', instead of 'thank you'. I must be getting a accent or something.
...sounds like you're complaining!
Happy Christmas Eve! <3
#bestbritishbands the Beatles One Direction and the Wanted
just watched the q&a lol almost peed my pants when you imitated rosie honey face
EVERYONE WEAR THEIR #COLORBLINDswaggggg TOMORRW FOR TWIN DAY!!!! SPREAD THE WORD! COLORBLIND OR DIE??
Waiting for the verdict on the trail. Conrad Murray is going to end up fried for his sins..
#question: what do you think of back to school shopping? dad: its the most horrible time of the year ;"D
oh shut up lol
Pandora is set on Christmas music! Now bring on the turkey and dressing!
Fleury and Duper with the "Good Guy" Award ... Yea buddy!
C'mon, the Ron Paul-Scooby Doo joke was funny!
so think Sunday or Monday it might happen! Mayhem
found out 'Night of the Comet' is streaming on Netflix. :D /snoopy dance
Haha cracked me up RT : I purposefully never say Bob Knight.
I'd like to rub something else in your face. 😏
Christian Siriano's Spring 2012 collection shows in DC tonight! 9pm International Trade Center. www.pinkrockstherunway.com
you say he waited as if he was required to take a stand sooner. he wasn't. presidents regularly bide time on big issues.
right here on regent
that's just awesome!
I told you it was gonna be something wood :D
When do we find out about winners for the trips? And is it against anyone and everyone in California or just IWYS followers?
record da 4x4 n send it to me...or skype me so i can see it
: Thank you for your kind comments Donna. I look forward to reading your tweets.
Do you think Denver fans should still be booing Kobe?
RT True or False: Is an eye exam only necessary when you’re having a problem? False, make an appointment today!
Or jail. #PublicNudity RT : Hopefully shirtless and next to a stage somewhere
hope u feel better! Need to talk soon! I could use some help, lets talk soon.
and I looked at yur tumblr and I saw this twitter there. Just sayyyin I love the page name, and your tumblr haha
#BeforeIDie Meet Justin Bieber, Emma Watson and the president.
So should I just say "Hey Joel, I love your nose?!" Will that make him laugh?
Final preps for our joint online safety conference with ictQatar tomorrow
Sums it up well. RT: : Fuck
Somebody getting some mothers day head
Chris is gone he is foolin..lmao i dont blame him though
Justin Bieber fan video CANCELED!
Psalm 16:11 "You have made known to me the path of life; you fill me with joy in your presence" God's presence provides joy!
Even though it's odd, the way Kronwall hits is definitely effective.
day two, time to attack some more food
When you realize that you can use the same social skills you learned in highschool in college.
FIRST TITLE IN 44 YEARS!!!!!
oh yes. I love the visual boards on pinterest.
Can't wait for the #ATL premiere of 's new film, Still Standing. Powerful and moving work.
..well your priorities are in order, keep it that way.. it's a good look!!
& we appreciate good music! So thank YOU
Looks like alot of people have alot to say about the episode of Bad Girls Club tonight. :)
Sexy women + Costumes = huge fetish & turn on
I hate Pretty Ricky!!!!!! Ugh
But to be a die-hard Nationals fan could be termed "Extreme Nationalism"
here it is
intimacy does the same thing just at a higher level.
At the doc's for another treatment.
Loved time trialling in the pool with , watch out he is getting faster! (I think a flip turn class is next)
boys with tattoos >>>>>
Going to see and tomorrow!!!! Cant wait to see u guys :)
... #FamilyHustle got my rating! Best reality show yet..continue to keep it 100 :)
When balancing dogs outside practice walking them together without insisting that they become friends straight away
Jump up like stinkin crazy! Yo mama she gets crazy!
people do not want to address our true failure and deal with responsibility for the poverty a la misinterpretation of data!
doing great @ studio Doin my thing
This is a test: PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER (ha! lets see what sort of spam bots follow me now!)
staying in taking care of my dog instead rockinit. I'm a full on adult now
split. this batch was watery and i ended up with a few uncooked pea stragglers. boo!
Robin hits a lazy fly ball to left and it is gonna FALL for a hit! But Gantner had to hold at 2nd and there are 2 on, one out.
Watching the book of Eli. And he is supposed to be blind. How is he shooting birds out of the sky with an arrow?
HOLY COW! Please tell me they'll be serving those at !
Dinner time, GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN!
I think it was October. They were able to add more BBLs to their tank farm to better meet demands
Your beautiful just the way God made you :)
did you get my email- still on for tomorrow
1% ---> RT : woods hole! Martha's vineyard! holy crap, it's cold here!
ooh man twins!!!!! were so annoying
BRI LOVES Abell Foundation and thanks them for their support of our Book Bank and confidence in us!!
getting close ...
Some Chipotle right now though >>
sounds so see thru when wet...
“: Disney fireworks with my BFF Mandi via FaceTime= awesome” are the #hotties on the loose at Disney?
I make a great lefteye
wear what?
anything to make you smile:)
You should call me, i will scream very loud! :)
WOW I HATE WHEN PEOPLE ASSUME I LIKE SWS BECAUSE KELLIN IS CUTE NO YOU'RE DUMB
we fought them but just too much Bone!
who are you? First no drunk tweets, now running? :) have fun!
500Gallons the website and application are now live and available! A years worth of sweat. Check it out, use it. its free
Off to help the oldest with some college red tape
Evelyn Lozada from “Basketball Wives” Strips Down for Maxim Magazine [PHOTOS] -
glad your ok, feel better soon :0)
somebody's in a mood lol
Any other #ad pals get sucked into #ThePitch? Thoughts? As if #MadMen doesn't distort things enough. Now reality tv.
thanks so much! glad you think so and are enjoying it!
Had a great time catching up w/ former AFSC colleagues event this afternoon/it was So nice to see everyone! "The struggle continues!"
realistically...pole speed this year what? 218?
Awesome things happening in Florida Region 1 in AECP - thanks Lisa Jones for hosting IPDAE training and FLDOE for vision and support!!
LOL“: Lebanon James worse person and country make worse team and worse breathe worse than Hulk Hogan steroid ass #teamsheikie”
yeah im free. i'll inbox asen
she told me there's a free zumba class at st. dans at 6:30 tomorrow. haha
you are a bit too jamaican.
105 Degrees, A great day to buy a new home. www.scottbensonrealty.com
no lol i wish i just use google translate to speak spanish but i want to learn it though
Our spring issue's coming along nicely, we're finalizing picks over the next 2 weeks. The deadline for summer issue consideration is 4/30
Well done AJ Good luck for the marathon.
Oh yes! RT : Yeah, it is #CHICHAT time!!! Boom, my week is better already.
we do use the bathroom, but there are rules that must be followed!!
how old is colt????
FaceBook me @ : Artistic Twist Clothing or 100% Natural up coming party info!
I'm sorry bro, I head to Texas for a couple days
#randomwhitenbaplayer .... What is an nba?... Never mind, no one cares...
It's taking everything I have NOT to walk up to Bill Hader & ask him what LA's hottest club is....
I roll large baby
I was so confused at Justin's tweet until now. Welcome to the RIGHT side Joey :)
Fire NOW for speaking at a GOP Advocacy Group.
Hey follow back please?(:
Terrible night.
was good homie
*ms.avila : Mr turner talks too much -____-
Oh. Gotcha! I'll yell after the game and we'll tear up the Quarter together!!
Second Market of the Season Tomorrow! 10am-3pm, 3000 Pennsylvania Ave Baptist Church! Gunna be Awesome!
I want to meet my friends one day hopefully!
Great Trails to run in #Nashville?
the people in winnipeg would lose their minds if that were the matchup
Titty party saturday
Remember and honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
yes im forreal!
I'd be delighted ;3 just get the poster?
Just got in the BRAND NEW Push Up NuBras! These things are amazing! Check the site tomorrow we'll have them uploaded
and most of them still live in mama's basement!
#ancestry.com having problems again, I dont think they can handle the demand
#Aziz on #npr making my day...
"Health is in the eye of the menuholder." I like that. Unfortunately, I am extremely skilled at eyeing menus unhealthily.
Your snow forecast right now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
There's nothing for you here, I'll leave you locked and shoved away, you'll stay so far away from me.
I gotta taste for cookout
cal doesn't want to play home and homes really anyone. UK would have won regardless at Rupp. Crean can't win at nebraska.
fine don't come
i forgot how much i love ani difranco. "untouchable face" is one of the best songs EVER.
oh no, swap out from F is weak. Man, I remember the days of co never putting anyone next to Gold+ pax if the middle was open.
that is weird.... email me at
I'm the girl that falls alseep thinking about you just to wake up to another day of missing you.
The test’s approval for oral fluids will provide a safe, accurate, and rapid #HIV test for persons who don’t like to have blood drawn.
home sick with the stomach bug
Tweet me .
Thts why my ass only date north philly niggas lol (like they any better)": -_- you & me both .. lol"
My dad is the biggest pessimist. He just told me the Ravens are gonna go 6-10 -_-
new york baby. Allan houston hasnt lost it.
Whether you're reading in the dark or in bright sunlight, mirasol-enabled e-readers sense ambient light, and adjust brightness accordingly!
thank u lol
Nigga I'll kill ya, ill chop ya up put ya inside the mattress like drug money nigga!
$GRPN reporting on Monday after close. Better than any fiction you can buy for your Kindle.
Lots to do today
Hii Mayur, school mostly. How is everyone at windchimes? I miss you all!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com
Your not going to hold my heart!..... Butterfingers.
hey (+) checked out your Web 3.0 video. great stuff. looking forward to talking more at #hhunite today.
ah yes, how could I forget!
At wingnight with
Boomerang=my favorite Halle Berry movie. I love when the nice girl gets tough.
girls make no sense.
according to wispolitics.com Dane Co. Judget Niess extended Sup. Ct. recount deadline until 5/26 for Waukesha Co. deadline was today.
Grow up. Don't get defensive when you get called out for neglecting your own responsibilities. It's your own fault.
Dad got mom flowers today and only signed my brothers name on the card. WTF is this shit? Are they trying to tell me I'm adopted?
oops. It's because I drank Diet Coke first. That stuff will kill ya...and your flowers!
Whooah ! That was WAY 2 much!
So my grandma is going on a cruise to England.. And she's going to London for a day and back... Without me. Kk. Kool
Thx for the RT, Wendy. You're a doll.
make it 3001!
Pills Will Make You Feel Amazing!!!
Watching the re-run of Conan so I can see perform!
Very nice inning Mr Moyer!
what happened the last time you two talked?
thanx for the follow back
Yeah, chopping it up w/ da long distance wifey from detroit :-) her lil sexy ass. S/o
Flattered to be included here, Jen! Thank u!
Book it. NOW! I'm sure will let u stay with him.
Twitter is so amazing; seeing ppl i follow mentioning pbl led me to find out more about it + do this.
Are Yours Calm?
Alright messaging you!
Strangely ironic...as a writer, I'm not much of a reader but my wife said same thing. So far, I'm really enjoying it!
website / webapps should be full screen minus browser chrome. mobile apps should show device their in, for scale
Just found out saved a family $40k on their IRS tax debt!!! Boo ya!!!
Making a mole? RT I'm going to use one of my bottles of Chocolate Ale to marinate some chicken.
Brewers get only a Juan Castillo walk and Paul Mirabella comes on to set the Mariners down in order in the 7th. 7-3 Mariners.
#icantgoadaywithout Turners Sweet Tea! #bluecap My #Pittsburgh ppl will know what I'm saying!
"Don't waste time thinking on what could have been. You'll miss out on what could be"
oh ok
you coming to the celebrity game Saturday?
o/u of 12.5. I'll take the over
Watching Taken, Really sad but good x.
Off to work
have you read Buster Olney's "How Lucky You Can Be", the story on Coach Don Meyer? Great read if u get the chance.
cuz i have an opportunity to get back with the band i was in
today will forever be remembered as the day i wore my blanket as a skirt to work.
of course that's your desk: it's how lit managers keep an eye out for new plays!
My baby is 8 months and she stands alone, and has taken 3 steps alone:')
Tomorrow is the Sunday of the Publican and the Pharisee. All Orthodox Christians are now together on the same Paschal/Lenten calendar!! Yay!
Freaking loud as heck rain is ruining my nap. Go away. I'm trying to sleep.
#motivation I have only 2 more years to achive 10 of my life goals on target, nothing like a little pressure to get get focused!
take it from me, growing out the stache is a great time
lunch soon
Kings close to sweep, Dodgers atop the MLB, yet Lakers and Clippers winless in their series. LA sports are strange right now. Go Kings!
really u do or are those austin glasses
BIG NEWS: Belt Drive Successful; 150 boy belts 4 one DC elem. school due 2 donations from twit and FB. Thanks! Social media ROCKS!
Babies get away with so much
My mom seems to think we're poor.
#tennis Wozniacki makes it 4-5 in the third set with Sharapova. Sharapova serving for the set.
RT : Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes ~...
#thatawkwardmomentwhen no one has ever had that awkward moment you're talking about
We are just about to serve you dessert - Valrhona Chocolate Ganache! What was your favorite course?
It makes Me Sad To See people Making Fun Of Others.
how did you get RIFFY to add you
not cool. we've got to try harder next time an American icon drops in our back yard.
I worked as a manager in a union shop. Do you know how hard it is to discipline a lazy worker in a union shop. Almost impossible.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention Im lookin for an apartment
Just bought 300 tortillas for performance art tacos
Grocery shopping w/ a bike as transportation takes careful planning and complex backpack arrangement. The bagger & I had fun making it fit!
didnt text me all day ... fuck
your girlfriend will freak like cirque du ole,thats word to my flag, &my flag red.I'm outta my head, b*tch I'm out of my mind.
You're an asshole. Big man sitting on his ass at home watching some guy get carried out on a stretcher, calling him a "wimp"
People generally "fear what they don't understand and hate what they can't conquer -Nas" but we celebrate our differences too
we can only hope haha
Why yes, I did shake it to Miley Cyrus, as a matter of fact! Will call soon to schedule a session.
Done deal. Vikings will get a new stadium built. RT Senate passes Vikings stadium bill by a 38-28
only 3 more days this week for me :))
who did the questions for Soldinger?
Wow - awesome bird, Tess. I'm jealous!
#devlearn Good question: how do you build a business case if you aren't a businessperson?
sometimes i feel like am alone in this world bye myself well i realize that am not and that i have god and my friends and family on my side
#regisfarewell It's a sad day in the entertainment world. Bye Regis, it's been quite a ride. Can't wait to see what's next for you:-)
I don't think you know how much you mean to me.
“: they used to be 24 now them things 35 ,”u already kno
“: Wild Card picks: Cincy over Houston, Saints over Lions, Falcons over Giants, Denver over Pitt. Going against the chalk. Saints pick
Still in bed, so I think you're the only one working today. Happy #MLK buddy.
Man... #GoogleIO wifi situation is killing my G2 battery life.
GM chad!
That TD would belong to the Champs! #GoPackGo RT Per ESPN research, Bears have only allowed 1 TD in the first quarter all season.
and We the definition of Fly!
what locations at you stuck with?
Hey, look at that, it's snowing! Warm up un the brewpub this evening with a shepherd's pie and a nice winter warmer!
Tried RSS widget you suggested -doesn't display all files in collection. How to best embed Dropmark collection in a website?
Fabulous wedding's bride just told me I'm wearing a flapper dress. I would expect nothing else.
I never thought about it but.. I have a job!.
It's never too late to find a mentor. Even as a CEO you need feedback just as those rising through the ranks need feedback.
Why people walk in covered corridors when streets are empty? Makes me peek into windows to see if anyone is alive.
end of October
that was lunch. We never had our
yeah, I wasn't trying to pull a Bob Knight and avoid saying his name haha
It is!
im not a bitch and i didnt miss you! Now leave me alone
Getting back into taking stills of sexy girls in beautiful locations. Off to find a few models
had to think about that . . . yes, it does: someone in the biz -- civilians get too into "ooh, you're on TV!"
cant go wrong w/ Quick Change! MT Tonights game had everything. Great performance of Anthem, contest to win car, Quick Change
That should have been the easiest clearance in the world Kei. Damn.
it is
I'm glad you enjoyed the video. It's the first in a series we are doing this year.
"Never play with the feelings of others because you may win the game but the risk is that you will surely lose the person for a life time."
Hm. So Albany to San Antonio, then San Antonio to Chicago...it MIGHT work.
Happy April Fool's Day everyone! Don't blame me if I get you!
same here!!!
Vehicle rollover training is fun
don't do it Sosa..... He opted out because he knows what real fans do .... Stand up with the purp n gold worn everyday!
That moment when someone shows you the ugliest picture ever of their *beautiful* baby....
o no what happened?? & when can we skype
Game is tied 3-3 and the game pays the over
We can't really know the depth of our character until we see how we react under pressure. — -- Ann Tran ()
watching Toddlers & Tiaras (:
Good morning twitter family R.I.P. to the GoGo Father Chuck Brown take it to the bridge now
you sent me the wrong order! I'm trying to contact you but i can't get a live person! Send my correct one ASAP!
My dog just started barking at a chair... o.o
That said, I'm really glad so many people want to visit my town!
how about cutting some of his staff and consultants?
Another day, another bomb threat at Pitt.
Rommel! Alexander the Great! Midway! Bladensburg! Waterloo! Our great MHQ Summer issue is now available on Kindle--DOWNLOAD Now!
with her when she wants to hangout with someone else.. Like shes lied before & canceled our plans THE NIGHT BEFORE TEENHOOT (c)
RT : FOREVER I LOVE ATLANTA... thats all {Amen to that!}
holaaaaaaaaaaaaa people of twitter
“: Sold Out.” really? That sucks was planning on getting mine at the door
thanks, that's the sort of literal-mindedness we encourage in our readers.
What are everyone's plans for this weekend?! We are getting things in place for you around the clock! Share with us :)
I think "a voice of a generation" says a lot (not THE voice of THE generation). Appreciate the response, though.
follow me maybe?
Chicago With Luis and His FamilyMaybe!(: Texting People! Well I Think I Should Go To Bed! Night My Little Birdies! Haha<3
i always had it out for you since we met lol. Its fun to have someone to bullshit with and they wont get sensitive
Last day of class for the semester. It's warm and overcast. I have new music on my ipod. Today is beautiful.
Leaving for #LAX! #Home! Time for more #zombies and funnies!
Um, yeah you should be.
"I'm from Wisconsin, and I ought to know." The recall of Scott Walker is vital to our success in November. Help out!
I must sign your yearbook my friend 😊❤
Uh tryin to get temple run on my phone
that's awesome, always wanted to do that. Let's play haha
"May the power protect you." - Zordon
your not suppose to cheer for ur boyfriends rival!
you own my heart...he just rentin
I DEMAND A SPRINT, MISS AWESOME! >->
oh shut up ryan!!! lol
My brain says get over him he's not worth it, but my heart says dont give up now, this is just the beginning.
Don't worry Diego, this taco I'm eating will make your shot feel a lot better. At
Guess who's in Myrtle Beach? Hahah
Happy Mother's Day to all you "mothers" out there..
Carlos and Gabby forever
laminate handbag
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
that model was right in my wheelhouse price wise. I need it to be relatively idiot proof, though I know the basics.
It's hard to believe that in a few months me and have know each other for 2 full years
LOST: Three minds, belonging to boys ages 11, 8, and 5. If found, please soothe and return with alcohol of choice for parents. Reward.
Gwen/Arthur is all over this episode.
amazing the ego's on some people.. or is it an insecurity issue? Or both lol
RNG OBVIOUSLY DIDN'T LEAVE. THEY'RE STILL AT THE HOTEL USTREAMING RIGHT NOW.
Hey Peter! I'm all right... busy, as usual. We have to grab a cup of coffee soon! Have a great weekend.
and gametimes overlap on Thursday?
My mom: Your shirt matches you skin! Mom: it's white.... My mom: Well you need to go out in the sun. Thanks mom, I am aware I am pale.
Hey Bro just saw u defeat Jessie Ferguson on ESPN u said "i'll defeat all doubters but then there will still be some!"
It's an interesting question. For the first time ever, agency big-wigs ask themselves the same question. Evolve or die.
2 days left in the studio. no air conditioning for a week. temperatures of over a 100 degrees today. but hey.. the songs sound great!
Time to get tickets/passes to Prospecto Musical Showcase & Sonic Experience = now.
Im seriously So nervouse
Use a straw and try to dull the pain with some Skinny Girl Margaritas! Feel better!
Tired! But not a sleepy tired.. Maybe like a drained feeling!
Still awake! 3:40am can't sleep!
I tweet something, get no retweets. So I feel stupid and just end up deleting it
Follow Dawn Rochelle Models on twitter
Management usually writes those w/o the band knowing it. Glad it's been discovered!
Miley Cyrus Flaunts Bikini Body & Plenty of PDA With Liam Hemsworth (PHOTOS) Looks like Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are getting the mo
#DesperadoLife just for the record!
... Lisa Franks like patterns on them. And no one wants that.
RT : : Retweet this is if you're going to be cheering for the tonight at 6PM during game 1 ...
For anyone with experience working with the United Nations: What's the best way to get a UN job?
What You Do Today Can Improve All Your Tomorrows....!!
Band business! We just created the logo!!
Old media doesn't do the job anymore-no reminiscing like with old art. New media does the same as the old but faster/better
Loving the pace of this Badger game. Big10 > ACC
A lamp should fit the design and color scheme of your room, but also be a functionable source of light.
“: Think Burfict and Polk could hop back in the 85 Dalorean and return to school for their Senior seasons?” so true D...crazy draft
Having relationship problems, can't find your perfect #1 . Go GAY and be happy with the one person who understands you.
3 more tonight hoping to make it 5-2 on the night.
you're welcome :D
ahh haha it's cool. xD I live in Ohio. :( aka hell.
Destruction of a Rose, Beneath the Sky, and The Subtle Way on tour July 9th-August 14th. Contact to get this tour
thank you Shane!
Lisa and the Devil. Slow, sensual and beautifully shot.
My mom's going to talk to sewall and mr. perey tomorrow. watch yourself because she's strictly business.
I didn't know Santa was a nominee?
I just woke up from the tweet sound on my phone. Your lucky :)
They are talking about the big number of Cowboy hats in the crowd today.Proud to see people showing their support for Roy & Dale
Happy November!
My bff is gonna meet , I'm so jealous! I wish I could afford to go, but it's ok maybe I'll meet him someday.
definitely Which Wich man.................oops, just kidding
OH: "I'm sick of OHs"
Tip for the day: only discrimination of a protected class is illegal. Protected classes include: Race, Sex, Religion, Familial Status etc
Oh, I see you said #AHA2012 badges -- we don't have anything to do with that; we'll have separate badges.
she ate 13 how ironic
woah easy bates ur being pretty rude!!!!!!
Who the hell did the bears jut pick...
Thanks for the RT, osrry but i can't #follow you back I am on follow limit but I will under
Need to tan!
See you soon!
I refuse to fuck some civil rights pussy im fucking 21rst century pussy.
#notetoself Don't get on facebook and twitter and act like you're funny just cause you're drunk. You're just an asshole like everyone else!
Join us for more Klout and Networking and
Good friends and wine... One of the secrets of
": i can see you guys hella did" I know we hella woullddddd
Sen. Skelos says he has mixed reaction on moving state primary from scheduled date of sept. 11th. Assembly wants to make change
No, I haven't yet--I love labyrinths, though. It's been a couple of years since I've been there, but I love it!
Some master's programs require PAID internships as part of their degree requirements. Is this a good thing? Currently, only 25% are paid.
ready to start this day with a cup of #coffee and celebrating
Just got the word Shock G; from this day forward he's only putting satin on #clippers women's panties
For all you NERDS out there that don't know who R Patts is he's Edward Cullen. Duh.
#trophies is one of the best albums of 2012!
Up all night working toward 30 Days To Life
hi sleep???
Brunch time with and Talking New Year's resolutions and sipping on a Bloody Mary.
a lot to look at thank you!
that is so true
Apologies to all who tried to get in for the sold out HIVE :-( We'll post the videos afterwards & you can follow along on twitter
Visiting New Kent County #Dems this evening for the first time. They were just redistricted into
Online learning is delicious; Samuel Adams Imperial Stout
Packing Annabelle Calico Cat up for her Vet appointment to get vaccinations. Good thing she loves riding in the car! Have a great day!
again with the salad jokes!
Girl at mcdonalds was so happy we gave her a dollar
Where can I find ring settings for a pearl?
This weekend promises to be a beauty! If you haven't already, make plans to come see us for #MuseumDay! Don't forget your free tickets!
Oh Yes he is, Romans 1:20
Guess I need to put on #TheVoice before the spoilers! Go Juliet!
Need to quit taking bad jumpers & work ball inside to get big Grizz Zbo& Gasol going
i know i am n you are 2
Just got an invitation to speak at the Advancing Ethical Research Conference 2010. This makes me feel good. :)
Jackie Clarkson says diversity should work both ways
Did you know we have the lowest rates in the city!? If you ever need safe and reliable transportation call VIP TAXI at 520-798-1111
Just submitted article on 2.0 pedagogy & #infolit to Library Hi Tech. Glad to get it off my to-do list, but submitting feels so irrevocable.
we had a blast last night! been telling everyone to check out the Nitrocream! , let's do it again soon!
I think not. u didn't put in on this
I am a sore loser.
Lol.. RT : LOL, I felt weird for @ tally, like I know she would have read my tweets... 😏
Southside is the worst
I'm really glad I'm not the only person that fucking hates you
Most of the summer teams are Southeast Wisconsin. I actually like summer season a lot.
Gettin my autographed picture from tonight...gonna look good in my dorm!
they really dont
Knee surgery this morning
What I need this week is sleep. I hope ice cream can act as a substitute.
* Waiting for the bus. Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school. -.-
noo girl you kno better and F.Y.I. Don't forget that time I hit you and yo ass fell in the boxing ring.
Filing my papers today to stand for #LPC (O) Central Region Pres at LPC (O) AGM, May 4-6.
Flying to #Virginia this weekend for a 3 day #Navy mission. Hope to find #inspiration and connect with familiar faces.
O, where?
RT : Just found out that #tierneybrothers has 6 new Lifesize Room 200 units for sale - If you are looking for high end video???
thanks x factor for you and your group! so happy you finally get to go to aussie! wish i lived there! love your accent btw!
Most of the time! LOL
I think you are the only tweeter I've ever seen with only 5 tweets to her name!
we've found a company that will take them back. We also let the public take them to reuse.
All good.
I wanna plant a forest tomorrow! But, Mr. Kearns hates me, so hollllllla.
The weather forecast looks amazing this weekend. Come join us for a hike in the woods on Sunday. We've got a group of 16 so far!
Happy Birthday Hottie
Ben's last two passes -- not pretty
It's raining.
klar kein ding .. u're welcome dude ;)
who ever wants to game hard hit me up :)
Shout out to all the kings new following friends.
Baseball starts in a month, and all #ESPN talks about all day is football
thank you sir!
#Reds vs #Cards is always big. Should be a good game tonight with these pitchers on the mound!
we have to figure out how to get an in game on ice pic
In between flights, time to catch up on all the social media awesomeness I missed in the air...
Wanna address the childhood obesity epidemic? Come down on the food industry, not kids' bake sales!
Rise & Shine Lots to get done today!
A thousand words but none were spoken.
Wade, ! Really? That's what you did last night. #Sofunny BTW, what do you mean by company names?
That the decision is taken away from the voters, and as in 2000 turned over to the lawyers and the courts.
I don't like who your becoming
In the first novel in the April Curran series, vampires don't turn into bats, but they do use bats to deliver important and urgent telegrams
I love you both so much too! I wish I could go with you and surprise her. I think a nice surprise would cheer her up a bit.
So cool! Wanna know how it is!
Ikno dat girl was scared as hell wen chris brown walked her way lol..glad she ain't have a phone on her he was gon snatch dat mf lmao smh
(Anonymous) He who hesitate and falter life away, and lose tomorrow the ground won today.
That is what I like to here. Don't stop, you'll get there
Woo woo *! RT I can't wait till MIAMI plays! gonna do some work tonight!
KEEP IT REAL WIT YA SELF SCOOBY U WANNA A RING BUT U DONT DESERVE DAT! LLS
RT : ATHLETIC REPUBLIC NAMED OFFICIAL PARTNER OF HOCKEY EAST: Athletic Republic, the industry leader in performance s......
It makes me wunda, IndieFunda, do you like the rain & thunda?
Oh, Sunday nights at home - tea, Pinterest, West Wing on DVD and a cuddly blanket.
At least on twitter I have to click them to see it...
no. still in dc
Finishing up my mix tonight. Keep posted and I'll put up the link tomorrow!
ya ok
listening to old mac..♥
LIAM NEESON MY KING!!!
Why thank you my dear. :-)
Happy Mothers day & birthday bitch, i love you <3
Douchebag Etymology: From Flushing the 'Tang to Overused Slang
completely agree. IMO huge step down at KR/PR when he's not there.
I like how something that was suppose to take 20 minutes turned into 2 hours
I made it for mothers day for my sister she is going to love it!! The planter pot Little Man painted is for his grandma
it was a good time.
Reminiscent of his "here's my birth certificate, and oh yeah I killed bin laden" move from last year
's geeks aint got nothin on these folks!
really just two big hit away.
can we please please please! How busy are you this coming week? Let's meet up!❤❤
Now we have some issues!! I am clearly JEALOUS! hiss boo!! Nonetheless, enjoy it for the both of us!! Peace out!
So I was just minding my own business when I noticed that is full with about 90% or 80% Bieber tweets :)
I've decided not to fill out a bracket this year. This way I don't have 2 watch until the elite 8. By then all the weak sisters are gone!!
Trust me honey all moms do that!
Just because I asked u for yo number don't mean imma call u
-- We ran two dry runs, and then one actual take. If you dig the work, make sure to check out for other cool videos
Stay positive, things could be worse
South Florida Leader in cleaning services. carpet cleaning, carpet cleaning miami, pet stain removal
#FF the Twitter to my upcoming action film
Well let's see. I just had to run and negotiate with some cops. I'm done.
Why try the 8 foot pull up jumper? When does that ever go?
in the rhyme writin zone
tonight i promise
": was just jogging in the in the woods. it was got mad dark and rapey i had to roll out"spiders on chains. winter is coming.
Sometimes I wonder if my penchant for earl grey is bc I can pretend I'm Captain Picard when I order it.
Can't think of a better motivator to find another job than looking at my two children each morning.
Hot summer day! What do you do to keep cool in the Summer?
He's great to me. TMac >>VC
lol. My bad
aw Payton your amazing! i love you+ everything about you! #fangirling :')<333
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters. The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
Perfect weather today. Rain, thunder, and lightening.
Graduation to myself, idk when it will happen but my gift to me is going to visit and spend time with my fav Unc
thanks for posting cultural sites in DC !
You chose this life with your DECISIONS and ACTIONS.
Actually, may go tomorrow instead... tbd
Happy birthday to Joe from ! You're an old man! No seriously, you're old.
wondering why you even know who chase Crawford is! Are you wearing your hipster clothes?
Drag performer in wedding dress covered in blood = Lucia
BACK-UP quarterback gets 35 minutes in a huge, live press conference speaking openly about faith, integrity & charity. Gotta love it!
We're watching! #GoGophers MT : Who's going to be watching in the #NIT championship tonight?
thanks, I'm pretty new at this so I don't know much, and no problem(:
#Actors, what is your biggest question about how to get started in the acting business? I'll make the next blog post about the most popular.
"Immobile" RV Mfgr hopes saving on gas will spur product sales.
RT : Boy , niggas hate LeBron James . Lol (don't they though? Just 2 years ago they were wearing his jersey!)
Happy Birthday my beautiful best friend! Love you!
I bet I could make a dozen. :/
A bad evening at the ballpark beats...most things.
Thanks for the RT!!
jessica marie clausi loves this little nerd<3
I'm working on earrings all day. What are you working on?
Don't worry, I agreed anyway. How'd you find my link?
I woke up this morning, and realized everything that I need to know.
Next time you have my permission to punch the Crypt Keeper #JanBrewer in the face.
i heart you moree
i never know what to wear to sporting events, ideas?
Just tapped, Brown's Point ESB (replaces Space Needle Golden Ann. IPA)
Baseball season > football season
yahoo!! Latch away!!!
United Refining Co of PA makes gasoline strictly from US/Canadian oil. Wish I could buy their gasoline here in Leesburg.
Its so nice out... :P why do I have to go to school
#WhatIWantThisSummer One direction ;)
We had a moment and there is nothing you can do about it. It was magical. He felt it. I felt it.^^
S/o 2 the people that only know what they see... can u see me?!!!
For serious. I'd be in way better shape. Although, I'd want the option to turn it off if I were sick or something of the like.
Indulge in deluxe tasters brought to you by to name a few
There is always a little more toothpaste in the tube. Think about it.
shaq's speech made me wanna go to the gym and get better haha
The Library of Congress has released the National Jukebox today. It lets you browse and listen to hundreds of historical recordings. Here is
MURDER SHE WROTE 2 KOMING SOON ON YOU NIGGAZ
I gain 2 followers just to lose 1...I gain 4 to lose 2....... follow a leader...get lost in my post.
This fence is so witch house
close. A local store in des moines
