Boots to asses
Thanks for the RT, following you!
Did you know that 'swishing' is what they call swapping in the UK?! I'm learning so much from !
I will always love DREAMERS....
thanks for following. You won't be disappointed. Okay you might.
Hair Icon Vidal Sassoon Dead at 84-R.I.P.
It’s #FF Tweeps, and I’m more partial than usual to this one right here. Ya’ll should follow her:
Explain more!
have a safe trip hope to meet u soon :D
Ian Eagle calling the game
Relationships? Ehh, more like networking
What with all the scrolling, when will we start to say we notice patterns "down" a text rather than "across "a text?
As I sat in bed looking at the stars.. I suddenly thought to myself.. 'Where the f*ck is the ceiling?c:'
thanks for having us on!
Anybody else recently a target of aggressive phishing attacks, replete with phone calls and social engineering? Just happened to me.
>>> it's crazy... You gotta check it out!!!
Watching hoops.
Do you have passion?Passion allows you to keep going, no matter how long it takes or how many obstacles you encounter along the way.
I'm making a movie about my dog lol it will be awesome
Cliff illig told Brett and i were awesome sporting fans. I'd have to agree!
To all the people that called the police on me when I was just tryna make some money to feed my daughter
#Mavericks close the 2nd qtr on an 11-2 run to regain control. They lead the #Blazers 56-41 at halftime.
Not so sure about that. Snow trumps rain any day for me
the hardest part is not putting sugar (I use ) in it. I usually just put 1/4 -1/2 packet in.
Did you buy that and think it is useful? I have the HTC Incredible
Went to the kitchen to look fora few different food items to try ...
Pizza for breakfast.
what did everyone do in Des Moines this weekend? We had so much fun at #SummerJam2011 &
RT: +1 "If it ain't social, we ain't doing it." -Chris McCann, from
1996 i believe
RT : Stats update: 19,478 certified units. Climbing fast!
Sounds good for lunch at NMNH on Mon! Can we meet earlier, 11:45? Got a classmate coming to visit at 1 pm
I knew this would happen! As soon as I ordered a replacement cap for my water bottle, I finally found the old one.
So what do you say ? Are you coming tonight!? :)
Show with , ShowCage, and March 10! $7 all ages! (via )
get em outta here
Who wants a follow back #RT this
can't sleep. so, I am going to get some school work done. maybe free up my weekend so I can take the kids to do something.
Phil's Friends has an exciting project we are working on! More details to come soon!
At the wardroom with the XO and tweeps
Heck yea! Just when I was going to ask if there was going to be a TM soundtrack available? It was banging at the event in SF.
best price is at Amazon, or you can order from BN. ( anywhere really) I'm so glad u r interested!
#RG3 you got it!! #touchdown bears!!!
Love when I get things accomplished
eerie. Can't wait to see you!!
Little kids ?? Bitch I'm old enough to be your dad but I coulda if I had that 5 $ your mom was charging front of church
And I drank some coffee so you can when I crash I'm going to crash hard...smh. I HATE THIS CLASS!!!!
Queers better purchase some of my carbonated artery cloggers
I actually called u this today around noon...
Okay I'm back. I'll take a nap, Ash is still replacing me lol.
Great time with the Rochester Rock 'n Roll on Episode 316.
"The brand is defined by what people say about you." -Paul Holmes
Come to our Open House this coming Monday, June 27! Free massages, food, prizes, classes! Call 214-827-5239 to book a reservation!
Can barely move from yesterday.
I stole a test today so i know the answers
Sweet to have an arcade game booth at work!!
Thanks, Jerry! Indeed, he signed the JOBS Act on April 5. I need to study it more. I don't know all the details yet.
Epic! Still, Good to go to bed at night knowing you've always got a number one fan!
My father is a kind-hearted man
It was great seeing you again yesterday. Thanks for the opportunity to present to you & your colleagues at Good debate.
Made a pretty darned good egg white omelet today. on account of my
We're making up fun stories about both of you right now. Our conclusion: There's a buddy cop movie in your future.
A person can't break you, unless YOU allow them to bend you out of shape!
Just finish calling pasadena jail to complain about how they treated my celebrity client.
: just read abt your visit to Children's Hospital in Dublin. You are truly, truly the most remarkable man. luv
ugh this just wasn't your season rose...
think I'm gonna have to sign up if ur gonna leave me hangin like that~>
U & BAIN Buy Co's, Leverage Emp.Pensions, Borrow, Default, KEEP MILLION$ & leave Depleted Pensions & #Jobless behind
yah and a whole lot of cocaine
Wouldn't surprise me if John Groce is next Duquesne Head Coach. Very close with Greg Amodio, Duquesne AD.
RT: OfficiaIBAMF: At the bus stop.. = Me too
You could get away with charging $20.
IM BOUT TO START SUBTWEETING THIS BITCH SHE TALKING BULLSHIT EARLY IN THE MORNING ON MY TL
what concert? :/
Huh? He is speaker, no? RT : House Speaker Kurt Zellers says it's in poor taste to ask him if he'll vote for #Vikings stadium.
Small circle cause niggas a merk you
Holding on to our pain keeps us from experiencing joy because we are so busy trying to contain those painful feelings.
hella bored who wants to game?
Nigga ima thug, fuck the cops and a judge(:
Went to starbucks after #creativestrat. I never drink coffee
It's driving me nuts!
Good morning everyone. Hope all is well
what does that have to do with making statements about "propaganda?" is a fan site.
mom had a betty crocker mix at home :) not available in markets?
Bitch back the fuck up before I make you
I'm going shopping today because my therapist told me to. Who's proud of me and all the work I'm doing on myself?!?!
S/O 2 For Showing Me Love On The Bday. #IloveYou Neyba
Allied World Reinsurance Opens Miami Office; Appoints William Turkel Senior Vice President, General Manager, Latin ...
Lol watching cops white cop "10-31 big black guy came out looked at me ran back in I have house at gun point" dispatch "roger sendn 5 units"
Thanks! RT : The going number from is ~17k.
"the only worthy religion in the world is an examined religion."
#bachelor jake is the dumbest man in america. right, ?
You look like a man-o-lantern
I'm not sure if that's serious, but you might want to have it looked at. Last time Bootsy Collins was in my chest = big problems.
ooh that sounds like a very nice place. Hope so too!
student quote: "failure is when you fail to work as a team" #Learn2Fail at
lol so your by even off work and is passed out drunk
If Mad Men represents some kind of cultural truth about the isms mid20thC, I am exponentially impressed and inspired by Hansberry's success.
RT : If you like texting while you drive you might also enjoy brushing your teeth with a gun or wiping your ass with a chainsaw.
What's going on Party People? I'm sitting at the table while these kids eat dinner.
true that!
I'm ready to tear up these chicken nuggets!
Ongoing debate b/w #crowdsourcing & curation of content. How do we select stories or do surrender and let them select us ?
Worst part of this-- pipsqueak 's smug face
#Austinloveskaylie that is too cute. They should stay together
HFS he just cut this dudes face off
oh ok boo that's cool and u show dedication 2 me
Want me to tweet Mahomie Confessions? :)
Feeling so blessed =) Woke up in an amazing mood. <3 So excited about the news i received yesterday!!
1 more follower and will have 500!!!!!!
Hope prof doesn't follow your twitter feed
was this on purpose to make people crazy? Job well done. That post is a grammatical apocalypse.
its ova chen bringing it back to north america these euro guys r great though #ept2012 i miss playin
Thanks for the ones who followed me :)
Honey Butter...……
yeah, not sure how well that karaoke things going to go. Now they are talking about space exploration.
The NBA and NFL might want to end their lockout... According to many twitter people, they're losing their fan base to soccer!
I think that's a lovely gift!
I know! I wish I had too. I'm telling everyone I know who's planning on buying it to get the B&N and download that one iTunes track.
MT :Heartbreaking watching Junior Seau's mother on :"I pray to God, take me, leave my son. But it's too late."
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than non-castrated men.
I saw him talking to Johnny
Google+ seems to have built a better album tool and integration with Picasa
And I felt so bad4the guyz who were dragged there by their wives, girlfriendz,dates, runners et cetera +_+ then again...u bitched out.
damage done in an aggressive cribbage game or tossing a football? RT Just tore a giant hole in my shirt. Fricken a.
Checked out Equinox in Marina Del Rey. Wonderful facility, worth the cost!
...the celebrations continue with a flying monkey, a stroll through 40,000+ pictures & videos of the kids to date, and a 2nd party on Sunday
Forwards or backwards. Any particular time?
To all Our new followers help spread the word about us! And chat with us!!
#myfavoriteartist........ this is a toughy, but i think i'll go with OBVI
Amish Djibouti
I hate when I'm listening to something smooth on my iPod and the next song be ratchet af on shuffle lol
lol. coffee is my best friend right now.
Summer solstice baby..wohoo! Omg-think I'll craft all night outdoors. Of course during the day lots of visitin' & Lunch with Grandma & Nala!
Get your Business needs handled at a fraction of the price of half of what you would pay with more of your input! Diamond Dezign Ideas!
I'm deeply honored! I got a bunch of sisters on that team!!
I need a survivor case because my phone always falls out of my pocket!
A's move... Last I head was SanJose-would be awesome. Rays NEED a new bpark-will draw if they get one
Hurted so many people and myself so so sorry and. i no that i Will be hated
i know right?! You too! Lol
I have to admit Rick Ross's new mixtape goes pretty hard
Mother's Day Brunch @ Row 14,10am-2pm. Make your reservations today!
Question#2.. Is it possible that an underwater volcano in the North Atlantic and the Oil rig in Hibernia can cause a prob
I keep thinking that I will change my cover photo of a cat in the SNOW, but then, I AM in northern NEW MEXICO and it does snow in May!
I might not have my MBA is business but I have my master's in knowing how to treat people. Welcome to the college of life.
“ tonight im cookin lemon pepper chicken, mash potatoes&gravy, corn, & rolls” «« can I get a plate
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
what part of Cali..??
Brazil Ambayy but I'm goin' back to Brooklyn where I was livin wut boutchu honey ? lol where you from!?
ah ik it's really bad
PBR @ House of Blues on Sunset Blvd tonight, 11pm. No cover if you mention Geniuspills.
RT josephdepalma I'm not happy either, #clear has problems they're NOT adressing, nor helping customers
Great gift idea. -- I just saved 50% at Disney FamilyFun through LivingSocial!
so empty. It's ridiculous.
Sometimes I wish I could be one of those people who don't give a shit about their jobs after work.
morning, enjoy your week as well!
Been MIA for a min... Had sme business to handle but Im Bbaaacccckkkk!
RT : - Are you voting for Mitt Romney?
#snowatl my dogs & refuse 2 go out...they did biz @ edge of sidewalk by door & ran back n toute suite
This is radio magic!!
These tropicana trains on the El make me feel like I'm at Disney.
#boyfriend is playing on z100!
Abaxis to Report Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Financial Results ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I prefer the term committed unmaried, it says it all, yes I am hetrosexual and it is a nice way to be committed.
My Bestfriend is too cute , thanks for the support babycakes ❤
yeah, bro. that was as nasty as they come.
Prayers and good warm thoughts for you and him...xo
Hope people recognize you at games and treat you like SHIT!!!!!
It's no problem! Thank you for the follow back!
All this & i didn't even smoke today.
I just need to say, I'm thrilled about Melissa Harris Perry's show on MSNBC.
I love progress, but I really don't want everyone to know what I'm doing all of the time.
#BACKINELEMENTARY THERE WAS SPONGEBOB, DORA, GO DIEGO GO,POWERPUFFS GIRLS
PUSSY CHECK LIST: [✔]Tight [✔]Wet [✔]No Odor [✔]Shaved [✔]Disease Free»» Retweet only if you have all of the following boxes checked
I'm about to eat Chinese food again. Fuck it
Welcome back to the cellar.
Undertaker now 20-0 at mania.
Yes. If you count The Beach Boys.
Do you recycle? See what artist Nava Lubelski does with old love letters. Tonight, 7 pm, FREE artists talk @ SECCA.
OK I'm gonna,make a scene. time to come clean!
If the Kings win the Cup, I am drinking myself into oblivion.
I'll beat you like you stole something. Go back to work
We're like Na Na Na then we're like Yeah Yeah Yeah
I just can't believe that - my jaw hit the floor when I read it.
How awesome is THAT!
John stop it dude. You're better then this. I love you man and I can't stand seeing you like this!
YES.! LOOK UP NATHAN SYKES >:O
fan mail. I sent his last Sunday :)
Hey , how would a person go about acquiring a copy of 's new EP? 'cause I totally need one.
Don't forget to mention the railway, Pipi and Popo certainly haven't
I need part of time that available
Does Eli have two speeds, Amazing or crappy?
A late night movie night..
txt me. Couldn't figure why I didnt have your digits! Long overdue
Meeting Wednesday with for the video treatment
it better not be about me!
Thank you to all those who made Christmas Dreams so amazing this year!
Hopefully the benches will be back where they belong soon. I sit there frequently to enjoy the view!
If I didn't have my iPod my twitter would be so dead..(: I love my iPod ;3 <3
Yay! It's finally Friday. Have a wonderful weekend everyone : )
Suicide is not the love of death, but its the fear of living <|3
Jeans shorts and areo you non swaggin !
anything for me????
don't hate ! Haha
all good! I just need to scan the cover before 2:30
What would you think if we could include Nike in our 2012 Camp schedule?
The thing about twitter is I always start the day with news someone interesting has died.
#99to1 book talk with author chuck Collins
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend :))
"It's more important that the Pakistani speak than me, BUT..." OH GOD SHUT UP WHITE MAN
listenin to a lot of trap rap today, so I keep repeating myself.
Been up since 3:30am with nasty sore throat. Bad time for vacation. Possibly worse time for
Feeling sleepy. Must wake up. Have an appointment w P90X2 Plyocide
through Falcoholic or what?
Hi John. I loved the old one better myself. Upper deck was closer to field & stadium noise was MUCH louder !
No worries. Everyone loves steak and I put the grill marks in perfect crosses. :)
I really don't like you.
Yeah! on The Voice and Ed Sheeran on Conan. :D
Kristen Stewart Lands &quot;Edgy and Sexy&quot; Role in Upcoming Action Flick
let's party on aaron.tv
Submission-"thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven"
Thanks Christine, it's going to be a lot of fun, lots of talented folks involved.
It's Friday! That means 5% off with your Buy Lakewood Card! If you need one still, I have one for you. :)
When r u guys going to play somewhere that 18- can go!?
Healthy hair is important for all women! Our stylist can help you achieve the healthy hair you desire call us 901-794-0553
oh well I haven't tried it where I'm from tea isn't really common aha:)
come on #Sixers you have to win tonight! if not it'll be a very sad night for Philly fans!
I have no idea. Buy the game? It's really fun to play.
Tired but happy!!! the hurricane is shifting away from us, thats good :)
Best initials in the dictionary lol #RG RT : Don't let UA get this dude - Robert Griffin I will enter draft
If 1D are gonna be in Seattle, and I get to go and you are a Directioner there well then I MUST MEET YOU!
u no what it is!! always poppin!
OH in #library: Librarian: "The book or film?" Patron: "The film. I don't want to read."
Was fiddling with a sprinkler head to see why it wasn't working--anyone want to guess what happened?
Some people make your life better by walking into it while other people make your life better by simply walking out of it.
any of my friends that used to play WoW interested in coming back now before the next xpac is released? If so let me know.
I let all my feelings out on here...well not all
Join us at Sky Lounge for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top. Great drink specials!.
February is here already. Just finished putting up my gig dates for this month. Will put up the rest later today after I get some sleep.
Watching From Dusk to Dawn, but the real blood-bath is happening at Fenway tonight.
I just got a custom earth friendly surfboard with sugar based foam and a hemp deck!
I don't get offended by the lack of stories on vegetarian food! But an article saying it's non existent is insulting and irresponsible.
#FACT music is medicine ! cant nobody say after they listen to music that they dont be relaxed !
RT Happy birthday to us! We've been tweeting from for one year now.
Well, im getting home with a minor head ache. ugh.
Denver beating the dog shiiiiiiit out the lakers>>>>go nuggets
Awesome!! Now you guys can make "Blue Crush: No actors, Just Awesome Pros!"
A1. Our clients are looking better ways to continue to engage with customers & build brand awareness.
just in time for the weekend. I know that feeling! Hang in ther man.
I love the way the Griffith Observatory looks at night!
It's time for #Gladiators! Good luck Guys!
Have to give it to the #Raiders' fans for having great costumes.
Thank you for the help. I reduced the size of my profile pic...hope it's visible now.
I love your hair, i love your style, i love the way you make me smile, what can i say? you're one of a kind, and 24/7, you're on my mind :)
SO excited for the the dates December 26 - Jan 5th! The first time and I fly together it'll be a 10hr flight! Love it.
All sorts of software around that automatically unfollows people who don't follow back within the time period you set.
don't hate the player, hate the game.
RT : Are you doing anything special for #MothersDay this weekend? I hope you are all good to your moms! ;)
. moving to national education beat for Congrats, and good to see a finance/industry background. via
RT : Agreed! RT A sense of purpose can transform the mundane into the miraculous
Yes! You are so right.
On my way to NC... Can't wait to see my grandparents!
Why do I need a free beer to coax myself into learning about home energy efficiency? Maybe because it does not apply to someone in a duplex.
Day with prior to work tonight. 👍✌
Let my love take you higher . Cause I still TURN TO YOU </3
just sent you an email about tomorrow night's dinner plans. dude, forgive my craziness :)
No way
They built that city on rock and soil
Today proves once again y i would like to move ON with my life. Restrictions have again tainted what could have been a perfectly good night
Anybody play CthulhuTech? How do we like it?
We offer: Calls, Lines, Broadband, Hosted systems, Leased lines, Mobiles, Maintenance, Customer Billing..and more!
nope I didn't even finish the science part. I had to guess like three questions.
ctfu nothing, man, i been spittin' game all day : )
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. Quess what they have planned for you?... Not much.
The moment when all you wanna do is cry
just ran into a wonderful old friend from high school downtown. I love being back in #Orlando!
523 lofts excellent hotel choice by the hubbie #ala11 harrah's anyone?
"the sky is blue & the grass is green. good mood shit. everything's cool"
Whole thing made me feel bad for her - gang mentality. Of course, producers desired result since I'm sure she "wins"
Problem w #flipped classroom: promotes belief that acquisition of information through content delivery = learning.
It's a headphones and music kind of day at the office. Haven't had one of those in a while
heart is as coals, deep-burning, unquenchable.
Keep It 100!! Always
They have (or had?) these chocolate logs -- super dense mashups I ordered with a group and no one touched.
PLEASE RT WATCH KONY 2012 video about a mindless monster JOSEPH KONY!!! YOU WILL WANT TO HELP PUT HIM AWAY FOR LIFE.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  41
I swear if i see someone giving Ali hate im gonna go off on them! A kiss on the cheek & the every1 makes a big deal...who gives a shit!
I hope everything goes well with your dad! I'll try to figure out how else to see the film and get back to you. :)
bout as bad as eating a cookie I think
It's still national best friend's day so I want to say again how much I love mine! x 3 now :)
when does ever come to school now a days?!?!
I looked it up, you're right! Whiz is the right term and wiz isn't even a word according to Websters. Thanks for pointing that out
Ughh my whole body is so sore 😔
www.lovemachineinc.com, check it out! Second Life's Founders newest baby!
Visit us at www.cisaustin.org and check out how to get involved.
Yeah, the blogger wouldn't even post to it, to avoid giving it more page views. Pretty terrible.
; Well how are you? It's been forever and a day.
Lunch anyone? “: Pizza Day in the Co-op Cafe! Vegan and cheesy versions, plus salad and soups. #pghveg”
Hey Charlie, where are you? We miss you!
^_^ because if we didn't put ur name then I guess it will affect on our grades too not just u
I have a moral objection to Senator Mitch McConnell telling me what I should think.
i'd love to hear some - "So Many Girls"
I Love Whatching Things About The Titanic. Im Already Scared To Go On My Cruise To Jamaica This Summer.
Hi PayPal! You guys are headquartered in Timonium, right? I'd anyone from your company a Rotarian? Wanna come to lunch?
Morning! Super nice to have her home! :-)
Its been a while! Go Giants...I guess
I'm following the #40dollars stream, rather entertaining...
Putting up some pictures from #IfAllOfRochester 2012 on our facebook page.
Yes st Louis blues hurt your own goalies mwhahahah
Birthday brunch music: Vampire Weekend, specifically "Mansard Roof"
no you weren't, don't act dumb, I'm not stupid, so stop making me look like the asshole, and Daryl didn't even have a girl.
procrastinating until gets back.
ayo how was Toronto?
Ain't that the truth---> ": You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass. - Frank Sinatra"
I want a fruit walnut salad
Apr 27,1942: Churchill informed of difficulties in building Tank Landing Ships, essential for any invasion plans.
Some to finish my night off <3
RT : About to see cutting edge brain research at UW. Creates devices where we can "tweet thoughts" DIRECTLY from the brain. Whoa
Yep this game is gonna be wild.
#friendship “A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
back in Houston right now but hope to be moving soon...maybe Prairie View to start Master's Program...just hit me up
you are really double dipping this week my friend #STK and #Pistons - shall we this week as well?! 3 days..
Never. Not sure what you found or where you found it, but it's not mine. . .
I can't get over the bacon thing lol but ya it gets kind of lonely but it makes u stronger in a way sorta
Cafiza needs to make a hand wash.
Your first love is not always your truest love.
Thanks Ayaz, hope you and your family have a very Happy Holi as well!
I spend EVERY night in Eco Friendly PA.. spreading the word about green and clean every day!
R U hip to the book by the title "Roots of Soul" ? - currently out of print though.
Gwen it was so fun to meet you yesterday at DBC! Hope to see you in NYC soon!
bored bored bored bored...
and if your feelin' like i dnt show you the attension you deserve then from this day fourth i promise ta work on that.
EyeSeeVideo is going to change the way CCTV is done
it's a date. i'm pretty sure i'm going to kings island saturday, but that's okay. i'm goinng to text you now. hahah.
Sounds cool. , and I were talking about this. We'll try to have at least one person there.
yes sir! Glad the pulled it out. Unfortunately we lost World Peace for the foreseeable future.
Locking down schedule as I have a deployment next week. Will DM you openings but always love morning coffee. :-)
WI: Milwaukee election polls closed, good luck to everyone who ran a serious and issue orientated campaigns.
Trying and trying to find this one song I heard and cannot. Frustrating. Hopefully I'll hear it again and can catch the title.
RT : I don't stress what I can't control.
getting wild
exactly. Have you read THE GOOD AMERICAN yet? It is the fiction bk I read this year for which I had the same feeling at the end
with Luke and trent. <3
I'm good...and I hope I wasn't intruding. What's new with you?
did JLO and Cameron just show their.....behind ?
You've allowed yourself to be distracted with the work of the church and have failed at being the church.
Just messing with ya! I should've included a =P with that response. I get where you're coming from. We have been very fortunate!
Salsa Under the Stars NEXT FRIDAY!!! Don't miss it!
yayyy it works! Thank you so much!!!
Interested in custom courseware development? How can that help your company? Come see neat examples at booth
ahaha xD i know you know (we got something) omg sorry that just reminded me of one of their songs !! :D lol
Me too" : Another reason I like you: you use the word "albeit."”
i can't decide btw Limbaugh and Beck
Always give 100% at work this will develop into a habit when you eventually become an
- love the website!!
When iOS5 comes out, iPhone to iPhone will do direct messaging over data and bypass text (SMS). "iMessage" Sweet!
Getting on that internship grind makes my feet hurt!
show me around lmao
i believe so. What a lucky town
Presenter: Whatever someone gives you, they have the capacity to give you 10 times that.
I just can't stay still long enough to watch something. Unless I'm sleeping. And then I'm not watching. ;)
So uncomfortable right now.
Very nice!
surprised you don't have a smart phone.
I bought my tickets for Portland today!!
Spent a few hours in front of the computer tinkering with blackboard. Time to take a break and fix my other schools Angel site. Technology!
Excited for the next couple weeks! We'll have a bunch of quality video content coming your way.
First day at the helm of CW 6... Um dear I hope ur enjoying urself (frown)
This is not good Everything is Sold Out Already!!!
That was pretty.
who wants them house of blues tickets?
I feel the same way !!
#supermoon is neat. 14% larger and 30% brighter than the #moon on a normal night...if you're still up check it out!
#schoolmemories getting played by every girl I talked to.
do you think Wilson can be a NFL starting QB?
Learning Intensity In Ten Cities on the piano. It hurts. #IamNOTapianoplayer Sad :/
Did you end up going to disneyland earlier today?
will it be the a.j. green show this year? and will our defense be any good? also will we trade carson next year?
i miss that class with yall bruh :o
Dont you hate when people judge you as something your not?
thank u for getting me chicken babe
Someone a lot smarter & funnier than me should start a fake William Tecumseh Sherman twitter account, if they haven't already.
And for some reason we still follow them! RT : Most of our tweets are NSFW: Not Safe for Women
Wishing the best birthday ever! Enjoy every minute!
What should I eat =)
will get you some info asap :)
ew lifesaver gummies? of all the choices you picked those? gross.
What's everyone reading? I need recs.
Temple's Center for the Humanities wishes everyone a happy and productive 2011!
ate alligator and drank pecan beer at the Chimes next door to the Varsity theater. It's ON tonite in Baton Rouge. Gonna be da bes sho EVA!!!
hey mom how r u? How was ur day? I have a court date it's nov 1st
I write in books for school but only in pencil!
Waffle House is almost as common as McDonald's in the south
My current job uses exact target!
I can't believe people's actions are actually making me feel physically sick.
Nice to meet you! RT My derby name is Betty Rage.
hello Lisa Davis
Blended learning: untethering us from campus, from old notions, more flexible, higher satisfaction/engagement, learner centered
Klout says I'm influential about cookies & drugs. 1st of all, Klout is a joke. 2nd, I think it's bc I called Girl Scouts drug dealers
Kk gurl sounds like a plan 👍
Running x Writing... Mentally Stimulating 👍
but I don't know if she is in LA or not. :(
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
My love for One Direction grows more and more everyday.
I dunno what that is...but I'm in! #roadtrip ;)
The machine sounds like a living organism.
": Why not suspend Hamels 20 games? Why not 25? Seriously." Did you see how much money he's going to lose for 5 games?
Food! And then off to sound check! Its gonna be a hell of a show tonight! Bring it!
showed Celeste that song!!:)
#OTGTIPS YOU HAVE TO SPEND MONEY TO MAKE MONEY! INVEST WISELY!
C'mon Pens. Beat Buffalo. The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
what school?
Happy Thanksgiving! Thankful 4 my family, godbebes, & dear loved ones. Most of all thankful 2 God 4 who He is, what He's done & 4 my future!
well, I hope you have a picture!...
Got a win tonight!
i think everyone needs to go vote for Philip Phillips. like right now... go; please? :)
Got any lunch plans on Wednesday? How about lunch on us? Email us your reservation to the Congressional Briefing: !
who is my date???
Its ok not to be ok Sometimes its hard to follow your heart, Tears dont mean you're losing, everybodys bruising Just be true to who you are*
I Want A Banana. Lemme See If We Got Sum At Work.
Big day for my Bears
Getting everything i needed to get out was a good idea.
So did you use your Groupon yet? Any time, y' all.
Ever since listening Iive, I have become a house music addict. I blame you too bro for that night in Chi-Town!
It's Free Plug Friday, call up and tell us about your business on-air, for FREE! 412-824-9266
you know it is madness! Sorry you are missing Popcorn this afternoon!
Before you speak listen- Before you write think- Before you quit try- Before you crap, check for toilet paper!
Just found out that BMW does not stand for Beautiful Motor Wehicle.
There's no description for experience of feeling your life changing and unfolding
#Pittsburgh, I was on vacation for a week! What'd I miss?! Did any of you come see us at the event this past Saturday?
on the road i thin @
That'll teach those who left early... First career pinch-hit home run for Kottaras. #Brewers down 11-5 now... Doesn't sound as bad.
hey! Play nice
The good, the true, the tender -- these form the wealth of home. -- Sarah J. Hale
At #OWS Spring Training, just rang the People's Gong on Wall St:)
My dorm looks so depressing, everything is packed ):
haha I can't believe it either! I can't even get close to it now...
whoops... #earthquake number 2. extra jolts for Gareth Ashley's already dynamic presentation. our projectors are still where they should be.
My followers >>>>>
My favorite thing about my flight to Atlanta was the old Indian lady next to me rubbing Vicks vapor rub all over herself
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen Your male patient is wearing bright green nail polish..........um
I think I'm only 3 hours ahead. It's 4:15 here right now ...
Oh, I love you, Chris Weitz. Can't even.
Now Jason Terry should go tell Matt Barnes, APRIL FOOLS!!!
The poor Athletics just lost 22-4 to the Yankees. Damn..
Don't let the name fool you; there's not much spinning in that workout. :-(
that wasn't a joke ...
pleasee tell me. why wouldnt i ?
We're about to create a mash up dessert style. What 2 flavors do you want to see together as one??
do you really haz to ask? Big & always around...
looking for a new full-time 'home' =) Please take a look at my profile and message me if you think you might have a good fit!
I give a lot of shit, and she may not be my style, but she actually PERFORMED!
lol god my mom would just be like harassing them if I told her it was them. She'd be like signthissignthis!
“: God must love stupid people. He made SO many.” #preach this made me #lol super loud lmao!
nice choice! :)
My heart palpatates every time I hear this amazing version of Piano Man... I'mma be front row at the #idoltour!! :)
Oh hi, Love seein' your smiling face on the twitter. Be careful, it is addicting.
don't want to hear excuses about it being weather related either. i got to work on time 2day, bet u did 2
Mobil Twitter updates? Can I get a what what?!
Heard u me, well i"m BACK !! link up 4 father"s day dumb stupid work on DECK! 10deep, rogue status,kid robot,& play cloths..we keep az sexy
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
Let's go!
The plastic surgery that Skyler White (Anna Gunn) got btwn seasons 2 & 3 is a disaster.
Got to see perform at the Comedy Store last night
i haven't listened to watch the throne / lil waynes new 1…but the article 2 me was pretty poignant from what i know/understand
#YouKnowWhat I'm getting tired of "#Oomf " I think it's time to @ the person :
she has a rap song because like so many new artist in today's hip hop she doesn't respect the history of it and she does it
West side! NYC is so messed up today! I'm going to be so late!
no tax for friends just face value. Too bad you're not a friend.
I'm so clumsy..I am not walking around this campus with crutches! I rather army crawl around this bitch
I just wanna go home, shower, make some soup, and watch a cute movie.
If u don't play with the imaginary juxtapositions of thought imposed via chance in ur twitter streams ur missing a world of comedy...
I feel so terrible for the familes and friends of the innocent people killed in the paharmacy robbery in Long Island. Completely sickening.
- I already have 'em.
Not sure what cotton ads featuring Kate Bosworth are doing in episodes of Beavis and Butt-head
It bugs me when fake knitting on tv is wrong. Either don't fake it or learn a basic stitch.
and don't even think of correcting me with ash Wednesday nonsense word play
Glad you like it!
F-ck it, round two now Work it out, then we cool down Cool down 
2012 SHRM NM Conference brought together the best & the brightest in the field of Human Resources! #Linton&Associates-a very proud sponsor!
RT : Tip of the day: Spend less than you make & save the rest. It's also the tip of the week, month, year, & your lifetime.
I just broke my phone screen
We have an amazing goat chop and crépinette on the menu tonight!
#everfeellike you wish you were off tha grid
information overload was a complete success - some times the facts speak for themselves...
Hey, Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
Ah fun! :D How is Iowa?!
Least her husband can sew xD
Keep a look out for LadyVixens.com
somedays it just doesn't pay to get out of bed!!!!
oh, that's right, PLL is coming back. i almost forgot.
The world's condition is totally nuts these days. Isn't it? Seems like things always change.
Celebrate national pizza party day this Tuesday w free slices 11a-7p.
Gota basketball game tomorrow
Interesting to see that there are only about 45 tweets using the hashtag #glee; apparently hashtags on TV aren't very popular?
I wanna see something else in you before I invest in you ~
he is good. They moved into a new spot. His grades r good too
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
thanks again for the mention.
What up Durantula!
Lol! RT : Sitting here waiting on the last train to Paris...HAHAHA
Watch out! RT OMG. Mountain Dew Slurpee! Who's gonna be a spaz tonight? This girl. :D
As an athlete, you study the plays & practice them with the team to prepare for the big game. PR is no different.
We Relabel t-shirt tank top muscle t hooded shirts contact
Mom: "how can you not remember where you left your glasses?"Me: " Mom, shit got real that night"
...Happy New Years Taylor!!! May you find more of your dreams come true in 2012. God as well as I am on your side this NwYr!
I love that card! Happy mama day. :)
Retweet this if you are going to the #ColumbusBeerFest today!
check him out. love that boy
I'm talking sister in law, she moving away but not far.
*wickedly smirking* More than you know and things you haven't thought of.
about what
It was a fun discussion -- there should be an archived webcast up shortly.
Won a basket of booze today
Four hot dogs,
Kendall Sexy Schmidt is trending lolol
Yes, very fast! I can't believe I'll be holding my baby soon!
c u at the next level!
Your welcome - if techie/librarians like us run into glitches like that, where's the hope for everyone else?
text me 9167680049
ball do hard NFL want fine me
who you talkin to?? xo
taking me right? Lol
Maybe it is looking for a meal of Fitz!!!
Would love to see that, though I can only afford to buy you a beer for the judo-roll
Jackson up now: need to train students for a different kind of work that is collaboration centric. New lrner outcomes 4 students.
Reason 30 to love the BBA: You tell us! __________
Both wouldn't be surprising. Guy worked all the time, survived assassination attempt in St. Petersburg, knew some ladies, etc..
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im trying to type with my eyes closed... its not wrking
This baby never stops running around.
yeah, tell me about it. :)
PAUSE, That was so dope....my dude said you couldn't see me if you had 3 eyes illinois. Dang Ni, that was FYE !
We hope you come visit us this summer! Did you know we've relocated over to the Power Plant, right near the aquarium?
Good Morning Mr.Craig :)
you might need to get tested
I'm neither Thanksgiving OR a pilgrim.
when ur parents get all flirty with each other... while you're eating in a restaurant, and you try to hide your face so nobody notices u
My lucky day...upgrade to #firstclass! Nothing beats Seat 1A!
trying my best whore. (:
Graciela Guerra stabbed her daughter-in-law, Brenda Guerra, 41 times. The state Supreme Court has affirmed her conviction and life-sentence.
"Charlie Stile doesn't like the boulevard..."// Well played, Katz.
Twenty bucks says you'll remember me.
I agree!
for a start? lol u made one statement buddy. educate yourself before u try arguing with me that pot is worse than roids
Houston Vs Phonix is on.
I have to leave for church---would it be wrong to keep my phone next to me for #whitesox updates?
On my way to Los Angeles!
Please don't take my #Kodak away. :(
Where is the EDC Hollywood Riot Kissing Couple pic??
To be honest, we'll constantly push this question since we're a weekly podcast.
“If you don’t drink, then all of your stories suck and end with, “And then I got home”
IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSE BETWEEN SINGING OR DANCING WHICH ONE
. Woohoo! Go Thomas & Alexandria. We're excited about it!
I know the GAME SO WHY TRY TO RUN GAME ON ME....
Brothers Bday!!! :) Happy.Birthday to bestest brother ever!
Well there's no accounting for the tastes of Red Sox fans I guess.
how so? And nice profile pic, BTW.
thank you for your kind donation to our upcoming fundraiser, "Fit Fiesta," on May 4th!
Why are you going to Denver? I assume you're driving there.
Back to Paris movie theatre. Love romantic movie. Then train, my dear Kindle and walk by canal going home. Great night.
RT : Excited to see you all tonight for #MamasDay2012! VIP Reception presented by 5:30pm!
Life doesn't imitate art, it copies bad television.
RT : Refreshing to listen 2 present some great Thick Value concepts & best of New Capitalist Manifesto.
fine, thank you, now i've got i should've kissed you stuck in my head again.
:) as a fellow NT, I know just what you mean.
Thats absurd. We will make sue you are refunded. They must have been extremely busy with the bad weather. Sorry man.
Listening to Kenny Wayne Shepherd always takes me back...I remember jamming out to these songs when I was 15. Love me some KWS, baby.
I want 20 puppies!
Agreed. I like the idea of extending the DHSI model to the East Coast, but hope the community can also seek more ways... [+]
Watching this Food Hoarders show on the Cooking Channel, and seeing far too much of myself in this. Yikes.
Watching Grease !<3
Mark Zuckerberg talks on a cell phone and wears a hoodie every day of his life; ain't nobody shooting him.
You have my attention. Guide me.
wow I want this day to be over. yes I know that it's only 9am.
Isaac Bruce. He was my favorite player not only on the Rams but in the league as well and a top-tier wide receiver.
Summer Hours. Library GRIND open May 29th 8am-5pm.
we love Droid users too. working on it will let you know.“: Droid user, but intrigued (regardless of random drawing).”
Let's finish this Bears
I'd like our country to say together, Yes we can.
There is a sanctity involved with bringing a child into this world, it is better than bombing one out of it.
"I've been called a xenophobe. I feel America is the best & all others aren't as good. That used to be called patriotism." KP
It's so cold. Ugh.
Run with it!
Hi ! All fashion types check them out!
you really got a way with words
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
I knew it was coming and am still stunned and so sad.
i bought your album boyfriend! & i had it turned it all the way in the car! Love you :)
Happy Friday everyone! Here's to hoping for a weekend with no rain. Seriously, no more rain...
Was shoveling snow, fretting about money, when my neighbor Joyce shared how blessed she feels because her family has food & a roof. Got it!
God cut you from a different cloth.
thanks for the rt!
Why Can't BlackBerry Muddle Through? They're Not The 99% - TechCrunch
I miss my alcoholic bébé to the max
So good to hang with last night!
lakers would have to take an expiring contract for orlando but not much money. chris paul trade would've done wonders...
Hair is black again. Love it.
New -- global likes ...but who likes what? Segments and demo data would be cool
Follow my other accounts ,
WQED has officially arrived at Heinz Hall for tonight's PSO broadcast at 8pm!
Impromptu Toadies concert at Stubbs in Austin with the lovely (and bizarre) Julie Thelander. Good times!
Planning a new site for the photography side of things. it deserves a site of it's own. Until then, great summer deals on photos! email me!
Smith: GO supported by biologists, some paid to maintain. Compare dead Healthvault; Microsoft lacked skills, incentive to keep up.
RT and share the music! www.reverbnation.com/evandstel
I need to go to Chicago I ain't been der in a min I miss my fam der.
haha awesome. I heard Pete used to be a professor.
Gahhh do you know what it feels like to be happy sad and horny all in the same second!?
the feeling when that special someone you love so much, and you just want them so badly. you need them, and you can't have them..
officially jumped on the #NYR bandwagon
Helping Golden Valley celebrate 125 years as a city today. That's old!
Food Food Food Food 🍔🍟
that's what I wanted to hear you say!
Thanks for the RT and the FB "like" earlier today. You've got my back today!
Urge to watch these little kids play baseball by my house... all time high
ima bitter nigga today..might not wanna hit my phone..liable to get cussed out
How much longer you going to be there? I can come on over. Just got home. John is sleepy. Me I am a night owl.
You can't miss this!
August 6, 1945, an act of cowardice and mass murder--America drops an atomic bomb on Hiroshima. Weakness, not strength, drops the 'big one'
it looks amazing there,of course I'd love to come up with something for your office! Might have to come take a look over lunch ;)
Putting to the test by asking to get a company logo, a blog and a like button designed for $5 each. Will I get what I paid for?
Hi Stephenie, I am the media editor for PRSSASDSU and I was wondering if I could film you speaking tomorrow?
This is eerie. Not a car on Wilshire as I look out my office window. Street closed, hushed. Any1 know what's going on in Westwood right now?
hey twitter people
Congrats to #Lacey on their strong showing in the National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation!
Thank you so much! I grabbed a sandwich at Coffeeland the other day and thought about you. Hope you're well!
Thank God for today
get used to that, you'll be wishing you were back there from this point forward
Saw Rio with the kids, and just as the 2 main characters kiss, my son exclaimed: "Ewwwwwww!!!".
The Sword and the Sorcerer: Sure it's bad film but there's this charm it has that makes me want to add it to my collection.
saving that for a weekend treat!
ok, I'm thirsty...
RT : At this moment, 1600 tweets per minute about #Oscars!
It's bizarre what some people buy at garage sales. 8 different remotes that don't go to anything? throw em in the bag.
Working on with my buddy Hey he's gotta keep the name Meatball! It's too cool to stop using!!
Seeing old homies at
Happy new year. I hope 2012 will be a year in which you grow as an engineer and encourage students to study
If you havent heard the music yet...Tune in here! Take a second and listen!
it was nice to meet you too. I ended up staying an extra night so I could sit on the beach a bit.
He covers the sky with clouds,he supplies the earth with rain, and maketh the grass grow on the hills. Psalms 147:8
The current problem facing #JustinBeiber poses a good lesson in crisis communications. What do you tell your client?
On the bright side, I'm still better than you.
Who will walk away with bragging rights and the Best of Show? Follow for the answer tonight at the big show
Thanks for the mention, would love to talk #collcons sometime
Feel like in finally getting my life back on track
you know i'm a sap for fairy tales - STOP CRUSHING MY DREAMS MATT
Starting phase 3 of P90X today. A long way to go, but in better shape.
Singin "Who's laughing now"?!
Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad. ~ Aldous Huxley
eating ice cream :))
Real Niggas Do Real Things!!!
Ok back to normal!
awesome! Thanks! I have a Facebook too... Just search for Carrier Pigeon!
From the moment I wake up in the morning, I look forward to going to bed that night and when I finally get in bed I can't sleep.
Big Room passes galore this afternoon! About to give away a pair! Tune in now!
So, could you share your ideas?
Like those earmuffs! RT Holiday Gift Guide: Cool Presents for Kiddos & the Quirky
listen to marry you by .love this song
thanks for the RT!!
big ups to all my haters .
No good. Hope no one was hurt!
Thanks for linking us up with ! We'll keep you posted on the next big sale... :)
Enjoying the Nat'l Action Awareness posts about boycotting Koch products. Already sadly have tham seered into my brain.
I love it too cute
laxrat? That's cool fag
Beer-Con ETA: 10 days! Can you dig it?
ACRL 2013 proposal submitted. I just might get all my due things in the next week done today!
Now the no abortion people are setting up on 17th avenue.... There's no escaping these freaks
Give us a hint...and which episode is it?
Who is this DUMB BITCH on #ALSHARPTON show?????These #republicans are so damn disrespectful and heartless...uuuuughhhh
There's no weakness in forgiveness
Yes me too - Jazzy Jasmin!
I got out! Then got stuck at Courthouse and Providence. Had to did myself out...
Marking exam scripts today. It's like #passivevoiceday, just a day later!
i guess it's like that everywere cuz here in Germany it is the same!!!
I guess not. Call,me when u wake up !!!!!
Yess! & A Unicorn Masterr! & Lets Not Forget The Cats!!!
Reminder: First general meeting is TOMORROW at 1 PM in Donahue 637.
It saddens me what passes for journalism these days.
At work, too much to do, ready, set, go!!!
Invited some friends over to "watch the fight" which is code for me trying to not die from laughter when Eli kills it on SNL.
Go STL Cardinals!
just watched a cop text while they were driving
Sleep is overrated, rock n roll forever
if you would have played in college where would you have went? Ohio State?
next year will be better! Great game
How does French Toast Pasta sound? It's actually pretty good. Stay tuned for some more brunch menu changes.
just turn in your gatsby paper again... Maybe she won't notice!
#whosgonnalose - Chicago at Baltimore - Chicago will lose
love the
Haha marcus n a book club Boy has the times change
Me either!!! RT I just don't understand the heels-that-are-too-big Movement. I just don't.
Anybody want some fruit salad? Jenna: "I'm not a big fan of fruit in my salad..."
Most def it's Petrino. People will eventually forget what an imbecile Williams is. Even Tiger is grimacing at Petrino's deal
lmfao did you finish it?
CATS? I need to watch it x'D (slightly kidding) :3 I just love cats~ hahah
Has Bobby Flay ever won one of his showdowns? If it was the real world he'd be so fired.
I'm new to twitter..haha how do I find my friends on here..?
you should see the number she gave me totally looks fake so will see!
haha I just leave mine at work these days
Off to pour wine for 27 at the Boston Athenaeum. :)
Weirdest TV fight I've ever seen? RT "This is medieval." -Bert Cooper
I'll play just for you heather. ⚽ 2013 woohoo
tell him to take me.
I'm here, comfy and ready to chat.
RT if you're planning a great Monday!!
with the cauldron
Cool, thanks! Unfortunately no NY agent...if she gets into NYU I guess she can look into it. Thanks again!
The clear signal about importance of academic prep is already there-- in admissions standards
Out with the old - in with the new. Change is always good and there is an exciting element to it.
I miss watching sandlot
Haha! I hope they're that cute!
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide 1
Thanks to all for a great meeting last night! Lots of great conversation and ideas about media. (cc: )
Great to see telling #EwingKauffman's story at
We are located at 11199 Sorrento Valley Road, Suite 208, San Diego, CA 92121.
The easiest way to add general lighting to your home is with recessed or track fixtures. They are versatile for use in any home.
Haha would you mind telling my FB friends that? The seem to think otherwise lol
Are you asking about a book trailer? (I'm not sure I understood your question!)
Hate betting!
Got my late mom's red sauce, meatballs, & pork on a 4-hour simmer on the stove. This was what she used to make on Sundays. Good memories.
can you start using a hashtag so i can follow properly?
Madmapper this is my friend processing... Processing meet Madmapper.
Thanks for the follow! <3 :))
Everyone makes mistakes. Its whether we learn from them or not that sets us apart from everyone else.
hit me up for a photoshoot
Let's give Gray brownie points for letting the DC IG do it's job.
Bock your doors, there's a wild goat on the loose.
yeah I agree. In my case I didn't need anything.
This man at the pharmacy center just yelled out , TRYNA GET MY DRUGS ! lbvs
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music. - Jimi Hendrix
We have 4 open spots to serve lunch at the Lawrence St. Shelter today. Call Dan Dilley @ 303.294.0157.
and only the 24th manager since the College of Coaches ended.
Love my women with high heels an high standards ...
hahaha no bullshit its gonna be a good game!!!! a shot for every three kobe makes
In expanding the field of knowledge we but increase the horizon of ignorance.—Henry Miller
People are generic. This is why I have 3 friends...
CHARLIE IS CLUELESS.PHILLIEBEERMAN4MANAGER
American reunion with the Nathan I think so let's do it!
That was a cool video J.T.! Thanks for joining us this weekend; we hope you had an entertaining time!
Studio time
So proud of my dad who's running the for the 8th time today. I still question his sanity.
": I don't understand black girl hair.." neither do I, neither do I...
I'm doing it right now and you all seem bored
I dont think u understand what we go thru on a day 2 day,waiting for a call that could bring hope
Can you trust a brotha who's never had an Afro? I don't think so.
What??!!! How do we go from nearly 200 followers to 76:/ lame....
you like it better than dose?!
I could write a book of things not to put in a text message
The Trayvon murder shows the evil of us-them thinking. Please, I beg you, don't throw gasoline on the fire. Make the police do their job.
gimme some kisses boy!!!
My usual sarcastic asshole personality is at its max today. And I don't hate it.
Got asked to put either my song "Monster" or "Keeping imagination" on iTunes. Which do you guys think?
:D sending you some love Ciara (: hope you respond back
my tweets = my followers right now. weird
when you realize most of your family hates you like my sister and my brother it just make you happy.
Who is going to ICNA this year?
I guess Bo doesn't know best
You'll always be my hero, even though you've lost your mind.
Then just turn the page and start writing another chapter and make sure it is a chapter you want to live everyday !
WAY TO GO!! RT : #Brewers tie it up, 3-3 in the 9th!
You can rep your city when the pacers win.. lebron wins.. you can just tweet about it lol
I didn't take any pics because I was actually sad for him. But others took video that will surely end up on youtube
hey follow back? :)
I'm always exhausted until my head touched the pillow. Then I'm wide awake
just also installed tweetdeck...love it, thank you connie
happy to help - are you using iPhone, Android, or BlackBerry (or Outlook or Gmail?) email
You can't launch a satellite into orbit if you believe the earth is flat.
that's what's up.
I completely agree
This last Friday of High School will be one I will never forget. For the first time, EVERYONE was a part of our Titan Family
Re-reading session proposals, drinking coffee, listening to Agalloch. Ready for an awesome #thatcamp day.
At the crime scene. LOL XD The Other Guys
I liked you first. My best friend likes you now.
#IfIHadThePower i would transport myself to 's house !
We're on it! Will share it on Facebook & Twitter shortly!
watched it yesterday, was awesome!!!!
#ff for great deals around Boston
What do you get if you cross a jogger with an apple pie ?Puff pastry !
10 CUTTING EDGE MASHABLE REDESIGNS (SLIDESHOW) RT : I think the site is due for a redesign. It is super cluttered.
Money spent on drugs <<
ur ass can tweet but not pick up the phone! I c u!!!
From YOUR OUTPUT IS MY INPUT. There is always something that I can learn from you. YOU MATTER!!!
Collaboration and the cloud continue as strong themes for
Just got a consultant report talking about "bouncy" Nielsen ratings. Accepted as fact. Truth is that Rentrak takes the bounce out!
depends.... Is insta-kill on, or double points?
Wow, Erica just made some killer pumpkin bars. Give me a shout if you want to try one. Delicious! What's up now Paula Deen?
Some people need to grow the fuck up!
why is mayday parade so damn relevant xD
“: I love Marco's slide and metaphor. #cue12 And his jokes.” Me, too!
seriously, it was very interesting.
Good night, internets.
#5bestsmells ..... her, good night
Roughly 75% of people seem incapable of providing brainpower except in dribs and drabs, unless paid to do so. Or held at gunpoint.
I just went to a wedding and the whole ceremony was 4 minutes long hahaha
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
TONIGHT!!! Mudd Club Reunion concert w. Richard Lloyd Bush Tetras Comateens Sick F*cks & Walter Steding w Crazy Mary @ Delancey Lounge
There you have it. Tim Dillard obviously practices his impressions instead of his pitching.
- you are welcome, thanks for coming out!
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Every weeknight at dinner, we're interrupted as CNBC's Jim Cramer texts my wife. What's he got that I don't? (aside from exposed scalp)
No apology needed. I respect your insight.
Elvis Mitchell-people forget how much Siskel and changed film criticism.
talking about dogs in bio..makes me think of the puppy that snatched my golf ball yesterday
exhausting.. Vacations are supposed to be enjoyable but mine are always busy.
Bored Chilling With My Sister.:D Got To Love Her.
heading to crandon with some road sodas! gonna be a good weekend
My gf works in the industry so she knows them...I didn't know who they were :( but now I do :)
… or about to break into some kind of robot dance?
hope ur well man. seeing if there is any developments on the show front, and let me know if there is anything I can do. cool.
no, I got the lg encore but let's just say it's touch screen doesn't respond very well -_____________________-
What hell you mean Lil B will be lecturing at NYU?
User tag of the night: 'weed' for Moby Dick. Just made me think of John Stewart in Half-Baked. "Have you ever read Melville...on wed?"
Kamara and Convey switching sides would only amount to a surprise if Convey used is right foot
Go to City Square.It's Really Fun:)):/)
I think it's about time for #BennyBenBenBenerson to get and stay hot.
#MyFirstWishFor2012, to just have a happy year. this should be a good one..a little less than 3 hours..
The music video for the new RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS song: The adventures of raindance Maggie premieres today on MTV!!
What's the farthest you've ever traveled just so you could eat at Michael's?
Sitting in the backyard, enjoying good conversation with good friends. Cool breeze is blowin'...it's been a great day. Good night, friends..
Quite impressed with
lame! I'll guess I'll have to see it again
HNY to you! Let's catch up in Denver after Summit.
remember when you followed me hahah me neither
What a successful show! Super excited to be chatting with both Ghana and Sierra Leone!
I suppose that is the end of the 'rain' this season
In the shower?
Miranda said she loves us :)
When another is talking look them in the eye feel their energy give your complete focus to them like nothing else in the world exists
"If you do the common things in an uncommon way you can have the attention of the world..." Dabo Swinney...#Clemson...Good motto for life..
First LIVE video I've watched on the #ExperienceJoeRogan application and it worked great! Hope everyone enjoyed! If so, please let us know!
He's cute!
to everyone whos up late night craming a semesters worth of work, into 5 days
Sanchez starting for KC tomorrow
Did you know ONE small change on your backend process per month can make a huge difference to your bottom line? Via
Somehow knowing 1/2 the North Shore district is out sick makes me feel like less of a bad parent.
This upcoming Sunday, June5, in Philadelphia - it's with Freestate & ! #divemusic RETWEET
"Put it down" is bangin' Chardonnay;)
I know some young ones lol
Jammin' out to Seether, and home alone:)
fantastic #california weather! made for a great lunchtime #run. getting back into
okay...so i officially do like 1D. i listened to all of their songs this morning in the shower. that weird?? ._. ...nah!
Can't you just sync with your PC to get it back?
No eye has seen, no ear has heard, the depths of your love Lord.
Hi Tiffany. Got it, will do on Monday.
class is so boring!!!!
no it doesnt...but they do a great job
in my moms mind- Health>School>Twitter. in my mind Health>twitter>school
I can lay in bed and watch Friday Night Lights on Netflix ALL day.
#dhtrial statement by jury that no change since day 1 means complaint question made no difference.
Thanks for the update to your friends NaturesLogic!
- London Police Commisioner resigned over 'a phone hacking scandal' - "Forced to quit" isn't the best choice of words
Was just gifted a pair of tickets to Arctic Monkeys and Black Keys...so pumped!!
They're ok, thanks for asking. Lots of healing to do. :(
|#quotes Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Nice photos, mate!
I want to write a blog post but I have so much work! AAhhhh!
#NeverShouldYouEver insult Taylor Swift in front of Swifties!
Lol so live :)
Les/Morey relationship seems to be a tight one. Morey polarizing with fans but his good moves outweigh bad ones
"There are no hopeless situations. Just people who get hopeless over them."
this week it seems coffee and a lack of coffee can equally contribute to headaches.
Thank you for following us! We would like to offer you and your clients a free environmental report. Would you be interested?
Happy Turkey Day from SaEventCntr!
Are you exciting about #BELIEVE tour?
oh, I thought the first step was alcohol...I'm sure your way works too
And thanks so much if you've already shared &/or donated to our campaign! We appreciate it a ton!
Eric bledsoe with the save steal awesome
Good Sunday morning everyone. What are your plans for this lovely day?
Let's go baby king James n Dwade
hey everyone follow me and my bestie we follow back :)
: Will you come visit me soon? Miss you!
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
I'm sure you will!
haha, Greg won't know either, but he suggested I could get the workout to submit...& I think I did :)
thanks for not getting out tho.
I'm off today,,, yay
Coached a leader earlier. I am always amazed at how valuable another person is to help us see what we can't see for ourselves! Get a coach!
Just woke up :) HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!!! to all the moms out there. You've done so much for us since day 1. Thank you :) we love you!!!
Just got back from riding. It felt SO easy, even the hills. Love when that happends. Still feeling hyper though. Need to mellow out!
There are so many people I know on the Indy Top 50 Business Connectors this year. My favorite is my husband, Tony. Congratulations!
OMG! Get out! Really?!?!?!??! AH YAYYYYYYYY!!!!!! I had no idea you even applied! I didn't see you at the info session!?
I think so in some cases. =)
Thank you Souplantation! Beth Deja won a drawing for free cookies for the office! M....
With the exception of a couple of players, the offense hasn't really been the problem
Anyone ever watch the NBA games via TNT Overtime? Pretty cool/different perspective.
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 3 points!
#SaySomethin Is the #BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD (; I died..gosh , it's amazing <3
I got 99 problems but a hookah ain't ONE!! Hit me!
It just… I know it sounds ungrateful, but it feels like a slap in the face. "How much do you love your show? No, REALLY?"
I know my evil well, it stares me in the face, evil done to you alone before your very eyes
I need to pee and my mom won't hurry up!!!!!":/ ufff
Matt: So this is Ethan my baby brother. Ethan: Yes, Ethan my baby brother. Haha he's so cute. ;)
heard about your magazine
I think the #solarflares are giving me a headache. Or maybe it was the double espresso and chocolate cake.
17 hours put in today and I'm pooped! Glad to be on my way home & off tomorrow!
RESPECT2 , ! Says U all r Legendary & I Can't wait 2 put in work with u guyz.
Not to mention indygogo etc...I know I've been lazy this week a lot of the work is getting done finally!
Is this THE on #smallbizchat?
#Fine, #Fresh, #Fierce, we got it on lock! :)
Do you use other forms of heat? A fireplace or wood burning stove?
Eating a Angus Burger at M with everything extra large
that's a definite recommendation! I love WDL and I want to get to a time where it will be an eminent global educational resource
Too much food tonight..I'm tapping out 😖💨
Administrators sell Hemel Hempstead broker Castle Personal to Taylor Francis Castle Personal Insurance Brokers has gone into administrati
Hacked by korbyn(: I LOVE YOU JUICE BOX BUDDIE!!!...I'm scared of chinesse people now :(
they are equal in calories. Honey has trace amounts of nutrients, though.
Police radios emerged after the Reform Movement, as did motorcycles and automobiles. The Detroit police were 1st to use automobiles.
Never seen an NBA team with more butter fingers than Knicks? Amare, Fields, Chandler, none grab hold of a ball
"All Passes. High Art Alone Is Eternal" --carved into the facade at the Nelson Atkins Museum. Humbling, and inspiring.
Happy New Year!
#HomelandSecurity (#DHS) monitors #Tweets? Maybe #TSA can find my $1,000 Nikon that never came out of Xray machine at Cleveland Airport.
No one is as ugly as their driver's license picture and nobody is as attractive as their profile picture.
its all cool bro how r u
lol how about a doughnut from the doughnut vault? My treat
Kaytal: two conservative lower court judges who upheld law could benefit government's argument.
LMAO. That do sound like some shit I would say though. Thanks
Do you have questions about the U.S. Dept of Ed waiver program? Join us Wednesday for a live Twitter chat from 11:30-12:30 EST
Alas, I've been drinking little enough lately that all names escape me.
Other options that must be tested are the actual game modes
#Civilrights champion MLK was arrested on this day, jailed during anti-segregation protests, he writes the "Letter from Birmingham Jail,".
cant believe kennywood isn't open on fridays yet
eww High Tech :) loser Land.
is still on the air?
Sad little gia
Any #Awake fans out there? What THE HECK is going on?!
2 hours straight of standing while looking at a mini notebook. >.< It's horrid. lol
Yeah, it's not as bad with the others as compared to LeBron.
Well it was a good night, until Shit went down. Lol.
Dynacord Cobra you Rock my face off!
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
About to start the Spring semester on an empty stomach. Ready to learn about US relations with Canada and Mexico.
from everyone here our heart goes out to they martin family. RIP Trayvon may justice be served.
i voted for yall over 40 times... Do i deserve a follow back???
'04 Red Sox, cuz '11 is killing me. RT ; Which exiled sports franchise would YOU want to bring back most & why?
Seeing a live flash mob right now :)
thanks tommy.. I'm no hockey all star but I'll run the pool table any day of the week
I'm forever cursed with the knowledge that I would've made a spectacular Ziegfeld girl had I just lived 100 years ago.
Jumpin in my suit~ with hands in the air
Isn't the whole point of electrolyte-infused #vodka to not have a hangover?
Just finished shooting the music video for our first single "Vanilla" !!!
lmao he didn't want it with Common
Rematch?! Hopefully soon!!! Tell Luke we'll be looking out for him!
Never let your pride, ego, or jealousy stand between you and your goal. If you do, you will only be hurting yourself.
Are there any Firefox add-ons that tell me my usage stats? I'm curious about things like how many webpages I visit in a day.
For no reason
you coming by here or am i going to bed?
Justin Follow Austin Mahone !
I can't believe I thought that was a planter. Hilar!
Fact bro. Also check out the artist and song J Moss- "Me Again" Very powerful...
I'm disappointed but impressed that is anyone up is done now. Props for maturity Hunter. Sad that there's no more gnars though.
what u mean no fatties? Lmao
Don't live life with regrets, Live life to the fullest and Make memories. Because time flies away, But memories never go away.
Dale Hunter pointed to the Tampa Bay game March 8 as when he saw his players collectively grasp his style of play.
Mitsubishi UFJ to Add 50 Traders in Derivatives Push
Love you to !
Trials keep you Strong, Sorrows keep you Human, Failures keep you Humble, Success keeps you Glowing, but Only Friends Keep You Going :)
Artists: How do you manage to keep a positive attitude about your work when your product is you?
A Kevin Gregg sighting!
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
Lambeau field has been able to make small subtle changes over years to add suites & seats and haven't upset the fans. Fenway can too
C.S. Lewis a.k.a. Dr. Radaker has some good things to say on the topic of atheism...despite the fact that this annual performance is cliche.
Hello to our Savvy interns!
Good luck to Field Hockey squad. Playing for another Big East title today!
Congrats to the horse that Joey named "I'll Have Another" for it's big win in the Derby yesterday. Appropriate that it won on Cinco De Mayo
How much is bingo players.? :o
Rain is so annoying another day of only 5 holes of golf
But I ain't Rich..
“: "Tell the negative committee that meets inside your head to sit down & shut up." ~ Ann Bradford”know some people who need this!
He's going to. But money from Adelson should keep him to SuperTuesday. Southern States will either be last stand or launching ground
well I better go to bed but tomorrow I will tell u how everything is going
Hey people lol well I been hearing rumors about jelena I wanna know the truth can someone tell me
Been a long night full of awkward conversations for me...
Alright fb friends, Broken Crown would like to know what your favorite st. Paddys day drink is? Go
had a blast rehearsing today for show next week at The Rock Church for the high schoolers! Can't wait for Tuesday to come!
hey chick where r u at now
Distance is nothing compared to feeling distant from someone sitting next to u. & damn can someone shoot that effin groundhog already!? smh.
tuesday means popeyes special 2pc combo
That probate after party at TMT #TXST is gonna be live. My TL has been flooded for a solid hour
7 wins in the last 8 games in Football AND basketball.
women 39 s health current events
Secret to grilling a great steak? A great cut of meat. Look for steaks that contain marbling for great flavor, cut 1-1 1/2 inches thick.
so let me get this right. The POTUS is a socialist gay muslim that will take all our guns away. Did I miss anything else? .
Yes. Rolling one's eyes is frowned upon.
let me get ur number first?
Today is not yesterday nor is it tomorrow. Today is now and you need to make things happen now! I'll just wait for tomorrow because I'm lazy
Bought a new car this weekend. Almost like saying goodbye to an old friend getting rid of my old Suburu I kept for 10 years with 236K miles.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: The quality of the imagination is to flow and not to freeze.
thanks for the follow
what if I want something football related?
Had a nice night and even stayed sober enough to drive myself home!!
#HappyAdministrativeProfessionalsDay Anyone planning something nice for their admin? Any admins with stories to share?
Braveheart, Diet Coke and Popcorn...Friday night
So sick of freeloaders like really you can't possibly B THAT CHEAP! So annoying!!!!
Kennywood in a few days with Logan(:
Thanks , , , and for the retweets & mentions!
You're right. Sometimes I'm too self-conscious.
thanks for everything today Bradford! you were amazing!
Make time to take in the small, beautiful moments in life like this mornings full moon in west & sunrise in east
What's big and ugly and drinks out of the wrong side of the glass?A monster trying to get rid of hiccups.
Make sure to thoroughly douse your clothes with kerosene. We wouldn't want this to go off poorly.
