Gonna spend the weekend practicing falsetto
Scalia asks of a state has to accept all people within its borders who do not have the right to be there.
Love your gloves! ;)
haha yeah I took a class over The Big Lebowski in college when I read it. The Coens based most of the The Dude off of its themes
#inourgeneration I hate that this is trending. I'm a vampire... I've been every generation since 1910.
?OTD - What is going well that you need to do more of?
I hate when i'm driving and people try telling me to slow down by waving thier hands
Me:*sneezes* Class is dead silent Prettiest girl in school: *sneezes* Class: oh dear god honey are you ok bless you sweetie bless you
Looks like im going to MLK
Thank God for all that he has done for me...
so i was suppose to work out like an hr agao but for some reason i started youtubin vid of my high school lol what a loser i kno
Watching Viva La Bam brings me back to 2003/04. Must. Stop. Getting. Older.
watch 's video about our band!!
Drunk drivin on a Wednesday w/ 3 bitches in the mpv half a gallon of Georgy Porgy & Cranberry that's the p.o.p
Hm pancakes and coffee
what style?
x ray
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners. - Laurence Sterne
peace good people - lets get to it ...
-> RT @[me] apparently religion and sportsmanship doesn't mix as well as we hoped. Tebow why hast thou forsaken us?
is it crowded right now. I'm looking for somewhere to stop on the way home but not looking for a crowd today
We can't wait! Just making sure you know-- we've moved to the other side of the harbor, to the Power Plant near the aquarium.
you're a genius. ;)
#java #leanstartup Well finished my advanced java course, got a little overloaded towards the end but passed and learned a lot.
Happy new year !!
taking my 82 y/o mom to Drs appointment i cant recall how many dozens of and dozens of dr visits we have gone on last few years
Why do we root for our own conference to do well in college but not the pros? The Talking Cheeseheads weigh in: www.cheeseheadtalk.com
I just can't bring myself to eat something called "liquid egg substitute".
Me llamo Bob. :T
This place is a prison and these people aren't your friends.
Go VCU, beat Kansas. Total underdog status. They don't even have a page on Yahoo! Sports
our pleasure!
true for some but many easier to criticize after replay
Nothing is better than a home-cooked meal :)
Sex jokes aren't funny, I mean cum on people.
I am constantly surprising myself.
Happy Sunday! :)
Game of Thrones it is. I'm sure you were all eagerly awaiting my decision.
yooo call me wen u want us to pick u up i gata get off im gana get mcdonalds:P
Is there anything wrong with being drunk before noon? Methinks not, it's south side Irish parade day. Vodka Gatorade in tow
they ballin bro who would have thought utah would be up
what's good?
STOP HACKING ME!
#LTBroadcasts "Today was the official opening of the tallest building in the world, the Empire State Building in New York City" (5/1/31)
Had an exciting long day, so ready to cuddle up with Catching Fire!
Is Thete Gonna Be Another Season Of Tiny And Toya
that's what's up! Get it in!!
Filmmakers! Need poster/promo art for your film? Contact - she works cheap and does amazing work!!
#20011taughtme that well idk...... 2011 was a $|-|!+ year for all or almost all of us -.-
At the Michigan NOW State Conference! About to present on prevention and engaging men w/Gentlemen.
I'm so lost right now.? Help.?:o
Just heard my song, 'Who Do You Think You're Foolin' on KPIG 107.5!
I'm meeting Nick Mara b4 school starts yay!! ilml
what happened
I'm dating if anyone didn't know.
Dude, that's creepy.
at are you doing?(;
OKAY PEOPLE I NEED TO SLEEP, IT IS ALMOST 1:30 AM HERE!!! GOODNIGHT
40% of all men cheat on their woman, has to be more than that! O_o hm *thinking*
RT : Speaking of donuts: Voodoo in Portland are the best... And I had to move to Mississippi. Agony.<<Voodoo dont play.
# you know u shit when nigga saw see u and want to fuck
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends!
Enjoyed the Web Developers SIG at #SIDLIT, tho I confess when you said "island," I immediately thought you meant one in Second Life
RT : TODAY ONLY! MyActingSite.com 50% OFF! Includes Domain Name, Set-Up & 3 Months At MyActingSite.com.
He would physically give me each 1.I felt like cayenne pepper red hot spicy I felt Dizzy Sonja & Miles Davis between my thighs. (Love Rain)
Hello! Looked like a beautiful day! I'm needing to catch-up on the iPad thing ;)
As requested, more photos of our Titanic exhibit are posted! You can find them on our Facebook photo album, Exhibits!
sounds good (:
IF "STICKS & STONES CAN HURT MY BONES, BUT WORDS CAN NEVER HURT ME," IS A TRUTH, WHY ARE THERE SO MANY LAWSUITS AGAINST SLANDER?
We got the Ex and Richbaba (mine). Not all are in stock so don't fall totally in love w one till you check
azusa tomorrow?!?! Shut up why! I want to see you!
SDSU Hoops biggest game of the year (to date) tomorrow. 11:00 a.m. on CBS.
Learned a new code shared amongst the Rangers...GTL,Gym. Tan. Laundry.
The Celtics are on a roll! Come by for dinner before the Celtics vs. Cavaliers game! Gametime 6pm!
that person is a Genius 🙇
It's what you do when people aren't looking that makes you better
I love #MirandaLambert 's new album. All of them, really. Such great lyrics, melodies. :)
BC football hosting it's annual Lift for Life to raise money for Ewings Sarcoma TOMORROW at 1pm. Be there!
Well the "Royals" are already parasites, so a killer virus isn't such a leap - England's greatest #WELFARE recipients.
Sure it is! Just have to realize...some of us (yeah, you) just live on different schedules than everyone else. :)
If there is enough people, they will head that way. Stop by Hemming.
Hope to make it! -- In the Line of Fire: Sam Coronado's Guerrillera Series, Saturday, May 21, at
and that's the damn truth!!!
I rely on a soundtrack of waterfalls. It makes a great white noise. But sometimes I have to resort to soft foam earplugs.
Where are we on those beardsoup pics?
Never a dull day in the poker world...
Thank you very much for the advice and enthusiasm!
If your name is Brian, Caity, Merissa, Ashley, or Hillary please text me.
Research and Markets: OECD Report - Literacy, Numeracy and Problem Solving in Technology-Rich Environments Framework ...
Bliss is a feeling that u feel when u r the happiest u can ever be
Thou Shall NOT Gazeth upon'eth the Wife'eth or husband of another & Lust for thee As yo ass'eth will get Ripp'eth'd
@ sounds good!
#girlbyenotwiththem Taylor Swift heels
Hi Trainman.
Cigars, Lord of the Rings, the beautiful and sunny outdoors, good conversation, laughter.
#ConfessionNight soccer is all I have going for me
-_- i was wearing jeans a black hurley shirt and a redbull hat ( the only one):D
Spaghetti an garlic bread!
Hold my breathe, cross my fingers because I just want to be with you <3 --
#neverbeenhappier “: my neon pink fanny pack and leg warmers are packed &ready to bring the BUSINESS this weekend
Time changes people
exactly. i read story after the mclouth trade that it was about money. he makes more money churning prospects than winning.
See "Catfish" the movie ASAP
yeah! Or Whos buying them
you're welcome and thank u for following me back :D 
#Music will always be in
since I only have cash, when I see you Saturday can I just give you the money then?
I'm not sure if I missed your announcement or not, but if I did, congratulations!
answered Q 3 first! way to go. You are neck in neck with Judy so far. Come on girls Q 4 is coming up!!
Indeed...thanks for the message!
thanks for the inclusion
“: I just ran into a guy who says i dont do it myself”
Great newsletter! Thanks for the mention :)
And RT : Stuff's going down in 889
Happy Easter!
Amazing start
My ears are burning...go ahead and talk. Whisper, whisper...
Open to serve you. Dbl Punch Drink is our Honey Bunch Latte! We're fully stocked and 10-20% OFF everything in the Bookstore!
Great coffee this afternoon with Art Alliance's M. Powell!
Gary Vaynerchuk seminar at SXSW is filling fast and it's a huge room.
Late night, anyone that wants us to follow them @ reply us! Follow Tom Berg as well
be careful! Not too many blackout nights in a row now!
#free tans all day Sat 3/10! Walk-ins welcome! #seasonpremiereday”
who your top 5 right now active
Whew! Glad the tsunami was not severe in Hawaii. Very interesting to watch on TV and the interwebs. Now to get some stuff done. Aloha!
No matter who he w/ believe he still gone LOVE him sum Briana
Clear the track so we can get back to this race.
*sweet. the sweat must have gotten into your brain :p
why people bother wasting any of their life hating on others, I will never understand.
good point!
Who's watching the Oscars tonight? I'm watching the Red Carpet right now!
Thank you doll face “ happy birthday hunnay have fun!!!!! ”
your definitely money!
cool to see that Math OGT is trending in CLE, CIN, and CLB.
Good idea.
Am I on that list LOL?
i had a pastrami sandwich with cole slaw the other day.. it was the most amazing sandwich in the history of sandwiches.
Some guys don't realize that you need a girl in order to have a girl on the side.
I've had bad sleeping patterns since being a youngin
I've never seen a McDonalds or a Burger King under construction. They just show up.
Apparently ranger fans would rather play wiffle ball
pretty sure #hrsw11 was an executive decision... ;-D
Ha! Both of your statements are fact RT : Awesome! And ew.
#GINOBLI <3 #spurs . if we're talking about the same spurs, that is? ahaha
love and , not so much. Will be happy when her 15 minutes is over.
Scoreboard accidently showed that reply on the big screen
yes haha. (: text me anytime yeah? (:
It's hard to believe that girls like me love guys like you.
Maybe you should go with him to make sure he gets there. lol
Most of my friends went to that high school. The funny name is the only thing remarkable about it. Sad this puts it on the map.
Meeting former boss for breakfast before am sessions
thanks, mom!
hahaha and it seems like the obly ones for a long time that why i got the old shows on my phone already so i can watch them there
paradise fears and artist vs poet woo
it is a good idea. I wear mine to the gym, just so they'll know who to call when I pass out on the treadmill.
your an amazing person!!!! Sometimes all you have to do is say hi for a girl to melt......... just say hi.......
Who woulda thought walking home from school would be such a schlep?!
So sick of watching flopoff games in NBA, with players that loaf, psycho, & don't earn their check until Game 7...yes referring to da Lakers
Just got up to walk without realizing my leg was completely asleep...CRASH...Thank you Strangers in Starbucks for laughing
Tata stupid ahhhss got my eye hurting !
Gummy Bears:)
I'd rather try and fail, than regret never having tried, and living the rest of my life thinking "What If?"
what's up!
Thanks for follwing
We had to confirm that u were having a bad night RT : My phone always blows up when the Lakers are losing smh...evil ppl
>> Very cool. Please tell Theo I'm proud of her. Thanks, Greg, Class of 1990
None of us are, babe, but we do the best we can. yes. I'm in awe. I'm not worthy.
undateables has to be the cutest thing ever
Rob Carrick&#39;s Reader: Let&#39;s talk money, honey
I wanna hold your hand so tight I'm gonna break my wrist :3
Gotta prep and perform a bit this weekend. Looking forward to it.
amazing by lowry RT Kyle Lowry's dished out 14 assists as the lead the 72-60 after 3 on NBA League Pass.
Any chance Memphis lets Tony Allen go? Or do they try emulating the playoff team from last yr?
lol thought you meant bloody actually, british style
that's the last depressing tweet btw. i know how annoying it is to see this shit on your tl
Dog training and learning to write well have a lot of similarities. Sit. Stay.
Where are you from?
When you want something you've never had you have to do something you've never done.
uh oh you don't want that lol jk
Justin Verlander wins the AL MVP and Cy Young awards.
ah my DVR was full, is this episode going to show again soon???
haha okay thanks :)
Get your FUN message out there! Tweet your event!
#worstsongever I would rather be stuck on an island with Lil B performing live continuously than listen to keef once
You sir, are a legend.
Supporting players from KU refuse to take shots, Self looks frustrated with his team. Hope they can rally.
Three weeks till States and the end of my second to last year of band...crazy!
guys my mom has a big surprise for me...what do yku think it is?!?!
You fail at Twitter. lol
“: If you cant say love!” just can't say cuddle. I hate that word.
who needs either? I'm going Amish.
I was gonna go to sleep but then tweeted "#mostdop tweets coming up" so I guess I'm continuing this all-nighter.
just ousted me as the mayor of shitman-ville haha.
Professional rally car driver #mydreamjob (Subaru, of course.)
I wonder about these charitys,what percentage of the money thats raised goes to the kids/charity/cause, I hear Unicef donates 100%.
In my experience of driving on I-95, the south begins as soon as you cross over into Henrico Co.
When I'm High , I Like To Sit And Sort Shit Out In My Mind
Sometimes you gotta read between the lines, cuz bitch niggas be throwing stones and hiding hands, but Im right here waiting on it...
sorry I missed u today. Hope life is treating u well!
delicious! So jealous!
My wife and I were laughing hysterically. Glad Braun is ok
I made it to work OK. Lots of snow, ice and slush out there. I am still ticked off about not being able to see the eclipse last night.
the 2012 Dodge Challenger = sex on wheels. i won't rest till i get that car!
Speaker silver says governor cuomo is now very supportive of bill to raise the min. Wage.
I learn a lot following 'The Bunk' What I learned today was that is an idiot.
Ok world...I just deleted my okcupid account. WHOO-HOO!!!! Freedom!!!
So excited for tonight at the Mid!.
What a joke.
is that what you do billy? Hahaha.
I'm in complete ah.
How long are you going to be in Indy?
It's colder than a Witches titty-
GRIND BOLD flavor >>> Union GRIND : Cafe Voltaire, Library GRIND : Delta Mud, Cambridge GRIND : Alterra's Favorite.
Heck yes!(;
I got pulled over last night and the cop said "papers?" and I said "SCISSORS, I WIN" and drove off...
So no mention of the next wave of crowdfunding sites? What about social business / social tech?
yeah I am sure we will do the same. Going with Furbs. Also sitting 400s
I hate when girls get with army guys just to portray themselves as "army wives." especially if they cheat on em while they're gone .
yeah n motivated to bring sexy back!
i went shopping today wbu? :)
Had a great gig tonight! next rehearsal is this sunday afternoon 3-5pm
example being and playing at same table of Main event being allowed.
Jordan Staal: "It's still do or die for us."
any new songs coming out?
Music is my escape from reality.
He's upset because he can't figure how to transfer his live journal blogs to his MySpace... from what I gather.
Wisconsin sports fans got sizzle and it all starts with Ted Thompson!
3days b4 I go back to skool and she ain't trynna give me just 65 fucking dollars to get my hair done.
Not amused about the #EBSCO crash..especially those of us teaching databases and having them crash in the middle of classes
I know, i jest! cool beans, you let me know, you down for beads?? the string beads are quite comfy =) they look rad too
I wonder where lesly is
lol ya'll gone be together?
In the final stages of scoring for GIRL CLOWN! Very exciting!
HA! So you ARE The Situational Franchise!!!
Thanks for the mentions ! You guys rock
lucky ass. That concert would be sick.
I cant say this enough though, i love denver:)
Thats good lol its hoes out here that cant even remember the first person they fucked
Last tournament today. We placed third <3
I'm so high.
It's a little chilly this morning stop in today for lunch and warm up with some beer cheese soup!
Knowing an embarrassing amount of things about Greek mythology makes everything much more interesting.
I think Romo is my all time favorite..
That same damn time video got me geeked early in the am. Lol
By telling you to move on I didn't mean to my best friend.
on my Martin DVD right now!!! Hustlemans wedding planning!!! 19gs chief!!
The new #RickiLake show will air this fall on ! Stay tuned for air times!
hoping for a Google Wave invite tomorrow....
get on it babe, you've got less than 7 days! ;)
Happy Independence Day!
Stay tuned for a Wednesday Interview!
Great article. Until "Live by the console." Then I realized he was crazy. One-of-Those in fact.
Holy collection of liquid water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the Earth's surface Batman!
youre not kidding! Dont spam the man!
“: Idk about you, but God is good to me I mean it!!”
Its been a pretty busy day so far
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? holla back
I'm comin
If I could just marry skip schumaker I wouldn't ask for anything else in the world..
Preciate it!!! S/O back atcha!!!
Boom Bitches
yayyyyyyy chinikalanina on youtube and gmail
Trying to have a good time at #chuy's in Louisville, but the wait is long and the service slow.
Android App Tablet Review: SlingPlayer for Tablets - Android Apps Appolicious
#livegive really must try
sounds like you should maybe take a shower..just an idea
Well that's good to know.
Are you for real?
weight of my shoulders
Its so funny how many girls be thinking I'm talking Bout them when I post things on FB o you must be guilty....not my fault you insecure
no not now , when i go to my moms house (x
I'm starting to really dig $RSRS...
watching play call of duty (:
Happy Sunday! let the football whistle ring!Love me some football sunday!!!!! Whoop! Whoop! Lets go GIANTS!!!!
We along with other exciting breweries are mentioned. Check out the link on Facebook.
How do you top zombie drag queens? WRESTLING DRAG QUEENS! I love you, Ru Paul!
Hope so! As long as the servers aren't gonna be stupid today.
Pretty soon Santorum will have to foul Romney to see if the ex governor can make some free throws to close Ohio out.
Thanks, sweetheart! Turns out you'll be exhibiting with Fresh Arts! ;)
Great work as usual Meg. We all can get along!
“: ": Velvet, Who is the Best ? Mickie James or Melina ?"I'm going with Mickie!” I say VelVelHoller.
Honesty seems to have a short shelf life
hahaha and the second chip in led to a DQ!!
Three bucksts and now takes a charge! Somebody get a bucket of water for the Flat Top. Great start
FHA Construction Loans Available: 3.5% down or Land in Lieu of down payment, Works for lot purchase or existing land. 
I will always be the bad guy 🔫💂😁 Fuk it!!!
<----- dope music im really feeling that, lets remix it!!!
wanna stir something up?
just ate two cups of mashed potatoes and am finally feeling sleepy night y'all
yeah - done. Doneso
don't blame you on that one. Still can't get over you are old enough to have a 12 yr old
WHAT I DO TJ
Thrilled to welcome to the team as a senior engineer!
haha that must have been bad, you afraid of storms?
RIP heavy d u were always my cutie pie
yup! Follow
Soccer commentary is funny.
#Shoutout to Indiana
Dinner started @ 6 and we're still at it. I've lost track of the course count. Fantastic!
i picked up embroidery and sewing. LadyNerds FTW!
thanks for the follow. :-)
RT : Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. Phil Jackson
get me a plane ticket and a place to stay lol
I like to think of the events taking place in Ohio as a modern retelling of Noah Ark
Honored 2 be here! RT : Good to have & at #metro2012. Awesome couple.
great stuff!
holler @ me sometime. I'd love to come play yalls spot.
Stop it. Stop. He is too adorable jeruewtr
WATS GOOD WIT U BRO
RT : #abq Looking for a roadside spot for your Chile stand, need to roast - I have a variety of locations available from...
Wants to thank "A Finer Event" for being one of the sponsors for our "Champagne and Roses" Event on Decemeber 9!
finals week chillen bro. How HU life
I will be one of those horrible girlfriends that drags their boyfriends to see The Vow on Valentines Day.
tell mama that Cameron in Colrado says HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! haha love u both so much have a great week!
Used to be Daymaker. Put some beer on ice we'll be over after or join us.
good point thats true. I recall they broke the Braun drug test & were ALL over it even tho he ended up exonerated. Why not this?
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
Reheat #coffee on a low heat.
I'm buying a gun too.
Same on as for land lines.
Handled it....lol miss ya Lilly
I would be A raging attention whore if I looked liked that too
did we make the cut?
O boy
I live in the west end of the San Fernando Valley
Dear LA ELFs, if Hyukjae strips down and takes his shirt off at your SMTown in a few days, I DEMAND PHOTOS or else...
Director's question during 'Voiced' rehearsal - "What's the scariest thing about getting older as a woman?" Any takers?
Ladies, I apologize if my excitement came across as some type of jerkish anger. Please forgive me. How's the weather?
awww! :] cutest little baby bump ever! are you finding out if its a girl or boy or waiting?!?
Feel like I'm stuck in Park
Excited that it is on livestream Dr Picirilli is one of my favorites!
Take life with a pinch of salt... A wedge of lime, and a shot of tequila.
I need a Bottle ...not a pussy ass cup
Grow some big feet
HOES Want ATTENTION, WOMEN Want RESPECT !
1/2 off all bottles of wine and champagne today! Come cure your Monday blues.
Playing golf at Fisherdale at 3:00 if anyone wants to join.
All 4 players ever rated over 100 on went (or will go) to SEC schools - Clowney, Kouandjio, Nkemdiche, Foster
- Portland does, though I don't think either team would like it. Butler for Kevin Martin. Thats the deal.
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: Joseph Lees ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Southampton, PA ⁰Travel Team: Southampton Knights ⁰Power Forward 6’2
Thanks, Pardee. Send me your San Diego community news.
Or let's get physical!
#fridayreads continuing 'One Step Behind' by Henning Mankell on CD in car
Sleeping Beauty was a delightful experience, beautiful dancing & beautiful costuming! Glad I got to catch the dress reh. on Fri.!
*sings* I never knew there was love , love like this before ! Never had someone to show me in life , love like this before !
maybe thats why you got the good price...like a senior discount! LOL
Thanks for the favs KB!
Is my bestest friend okay. :)
Do you work in downtown Seattle? In the middle of the May Day March? Call Arwen and be on the radio: 206 543 0520
RT : What is Freddy Galvis' walk up song? //> WHO KNOWS THIS ANSWER?!
i think tanning really is addicting! i thought i was the only one that thought that!
I'm glad. It was an absolute joy to be there
Well I had a great day skiing at Blue Mountain in the Poconos. Have a great evening everybody.
Heads up you're sending spam DM's your account may be hacked.
Lol a mixture of songs, but mostly my girl Beyonce lol
#becauseitsthecup and these guys have won it. . . you haven't!
Working on new music for the EP and full length album and opening up show submissions. Will be sending out press packs shorty =)
SoulMotor Rehearsal tonight ..... Show coming up Sept 11th with Queensryche at Ace Of Spades in Sacramento
yep :) so you're love, follow back!!!
The weekend was going good until my car not starting.
Spent some quality time on the phone with American Wind Energy ad peeps today!
you got that right! #goggles up 🏀💰
Came out as a #vegan to sis. Her reply: "What do u eat?!" Should've said "Everything u do, just without the meat/eggs/dairy." What do u say?
I agree...
Yeah, so maybe my most recent search item is "guys with big butts". Fuck you.
I wish that there were more people in the world as beautiful as you . 💜
The #Jayhawks will have to depend on Releford and Withey to pick up the slack. The biggest problem now is lack of depth.
it makes me so happy when I hear taylor swift because I think of you
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 20
Good Morning.... Happy Monday :)
Seeing Rene Marie tonight with KeJuan Carter. Good times ahead.
Season 4 was wow!
In such a phenomenal good mood today. I am so blessed. :D
S/o to all my lovely followers
I can honestly say "I liked it?". I wasn't wild about the third act but it's worth seeing. Are you a horror and/or Whedon fan?
There. my twitter is all Tigers'd up and ready to go. no excuses now, let's not induce panic and heart attacks tonight! let's win! go go go
Thanks for the interview my dude! Looking forward to putting it up on the blog Wednesday...
BRUINS! Marchands my BOY
it ain't nothing wrong with being gay ..
Ty but I have my son Xmas day
Thanks for the RT!
or, in other words, freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
when you get spare pages taped in at the Embassy in SEAsia it's free!
can't wait to watch it
That's perfect! The answer is unknowable to the average person (me) so I will think you are an expert & bow to your knowledge.
Thanks for great resources. Lots of work ahead.
I'm so jealous! And I miss y'all terribly.
#IfYouKnowMeWell than you know I gots a bowl to smoke.
Awesome! We're getting lots of great feedback. Just need to get some people to pitch at the next one!
It's ready to roll this friday!
I can't decide on the colt, the bushmaster, or the sig.
I know it's lightning and thunder outside, but if my signal is 4-5 bars, why did my AT&T wireless call drop? #horrible service
Reminder in these times... "A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success."
K NOSSA K
Getting started with #techraking hosted by
i need a guy who will sit here and watch sappy romance movies with me.
Robert Weiner has joined Arnold & Porter as a partner afer having served as Associate Deputy Attorney General at the Dept. of Justice.
but no he really did ask.
Looking for your next apartment? call 612-703-RENT Affordable housing is closer than you think!
Hey , John Leguizamo's in town, you should get him to come to the Moulin Rouge quote-along tomorrow!
Stopped @ Burgers & Brew for a Pliny and Lamb Burger.
haha well I'm glad there's people like you, otherwise it would be and it would be an epic fail haha
I just got back from dropping off a crate of water with the #occupychi folks down at the Federal Reserve. Lots of nice people from all wa...
ya know i used to didn't like reds, but now i love them.
- is playing Beastie Boys tonight. Let's cry in our whiskey drinks.
Good thing the delete key, tab and volume controls aren't working on my 3 month old Mac Book Pro. Incredibly frustrating
Great to see the effort after a less than stellar outing last night. Need to keep the intensity up 2nd half.
Do people actually collect 7-inch records? Or am I one of only three people in the world starting to get into this format?
Manning: I'll always be a Colt.
that's pretty sweet. thank you for breaking it up into smaller sentences, too. it. felt. right.
Would you rather buy mass produced items or something quirky & unique from a local biz? Media make it sound like we're ALL on bread line!
I love my s. Too bad I only wear them at night and when I need to look "smart but hip"
": Lunch: Problems are the Platform for His Power to be disPlayed. #100aboutGod"
when you think of awesome comebacks after the argument is over -___-
The truth gone heart you🚑🚑🚑🚑
hey madison, can you please follow you met her at six flags:)
It's funny how people are so quick to open their mouths but can't get shit right their own damn selfs
COOL WELL MAKE SURE IM THE FIRST TO KNOW U KNOW I STILL HAVENT SHOT MY FIRST VIDEO IM GLAD U BROUGHT THAT UP
SO excited for Spring with you guys :) Follow us & we can collaborate on promoting the brand!
yes! have tickets to the ballet, though. are you staying here overnight?
Guaranteed to make 'em jump like Rod Strickland
Amazed. Just uploaded parcel of ebooks to google docs, found file in mobile interface on iPhone, then opened Infinite Jest in iBooks.
lol had to say it!
Are parents taking sports too seriously
apparently Ian just said hey to him. Lol lol that bitch is cray.
ur awsome u need to tell me how to dance because ur the the best dancer every :)
#DML2012 borrowing sociological terms, using them fast and loose
Nice icon!!
omg did you skip trivia too?!
Our Fun Fun Fun Fest wristbands came in the mail today! Can't wait!
beautiful. Disappointment from the start. Had high expectations for him. I wish him the best...and to stay away from Osi
In that land of pure phantom / nothing is real / In that land where dreaming comes from / time is still...
This is a must read by — Mitt Romney saving lives in the style of "Baywatch" and "Silence of the Lambs." Who knew?
Tornado south of downtown Dallas (my workplace) lifted. Storm cell is heading to Garland (my house). I hope they keep the kids at school.
Ughh, immaturity at its best.
We are proud to announce that Ginza's new album "Metamorph" is to be released Tues. Mar. 27th! You may purchase it at any online store.
Super last minute free show tomorrow (Thursday) on the lanes in the Garden Bowl w/ Dusty Rhodes & The River Band wsg pizza and beer!
How about some props for Marquette. A week ago everyone had them out in first round.
#raw10 my Bro has some big Lips, they make Mick Jaggers lips look like dental floss. I told him, his lips look like Baby Bungie Bumpers!
If you ask God to help you, it means you trust His ability. If He doesn't help you yet, it means He trusts yours.
best deftones album ever the end
The longest yard in my pants
oh lord. What happened? Haha
$AAPL has another blow out quarter selling $39B. Over 35 million iPhones sold in the past 3 months. Wow.
I'm gonna really pray for her..... Smh
Nice visit with and today. Just 3 guys from 2 Washingtons meeting in NYC to talk
well that's good to hear. Well kinda !!XD haha you're welcome bruh.
I did. Multiple times.
Thanks for the RT, Mo. Are any of your followers on university hiring committees? :)
I know, right!? I could just go the easy route....
Kaleida Health, WNY's largest employer, is working the phones - and the legislators - to win repeal the FMAP Contingency Fund. So is HEPNY!
It sucks thinking about how much time I wasted on you </3
No promises, my friend. But I won't fill your page with silly hockey jargon like
Please update, especially if you use a lot of images. Image rendering when scrolling has been greatly improved. Thanks!
text me pictures!!
I'll listen to it now, so I can give you some feedback :))
Hope my favorite skinny housewife, had a fantastic birthday!!
thanks for following!
#Dwell was truly powerful this morning. It always seems to go by way too fast for me! Thankful JD and Nichole came by to worship with us
Heading out to LA tomorrow for an audition at #USC...prepared and ready for my 10 minutes of the spotlight
There's still time to save with the Disney World spring discount.Book by February 28th for travel thru June 14th! Contact us for more info!
Yes no school today
Hobspot The Science of Email Markeing
I'm going to write a book one day about hunting down the old man who continues to use my email address.
Why is he wearing a coat and nothing else??
Whew! *fans self* ": This dude in the purple though... >>>"
1st time... Goin for a burger at lunch box labratory. Suggestions? Favorites?
#tchat I like that!
time to party
Josh Hamilton is the next Brandon Inge!
I heard that after the success of the 2Pac hologram that they're going to make a Freddie Mercury one. Also known as"Aids in High Definition"
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!! PLEASE PLEASE!!!!
Damn did I fuck this up! Time to pay the piper~>ManUp
Just sent by Lil sweetheart 12 long stem roses to her job for a surprise to brighten up her day..shhhhhh
We love that #allgirlsarebeautiful is trending! Here at French Pharmacie, we couldn't agree more.
Wish I was like that. I hold grudges.
How can such a cold night be so smothering hot ;)
You forgot me! I'll be tweeting about traffic around the stadium and getting some reactions from the parking lot.
ill be your study buddy anytime :)
Power Monkey Rodeo Halftime show is June 16th :)
just got battlefield heroes. gg studying
I wish I could win the lottery and quit work tonight. I would drop 100k at work and let everyone fight over it
if cutie followed me that would make my day
Next time in Tucson...I'm going to Lovin Spoonfuls! Never realized how close it is to where I stay!
thanks for the links to Jason!
one reason i don't come on this account very often is cuz there is so much fucking drama. you either support austin or you dont.
Finally heading to Puerto Vallarta.
#FREEFOODFORLOUIS when I saw this I thought it was for Louis Tomlinson :)
haha I've been alright New place is ok. Lonely but whatevs And no! Both kitties are alive and annoying :) How are you!?
I have about as good of a chance of finishing both of these papers by Wednesday as Johnny had of making it off that cliff.
RT : Flying tomorrow am from Van to Calgary.. looking forward to spending some time in the #Rockies and shooting ...
- Every Once in A While i Gotta Do Something Stupid To Remind MySelf That I'm Still Human . .
Wow! Portugal vs. N. Korea tomorrow.
Last #FF for 2011. Check out (my) top 5
I already miss that hour.
I don't know if I've ever been so irritated after a #SportingKC victory...
lol I was wondering why I didn't see so many giant buildings like that in Seattle!
I got VIP parking from
Is now homw from Arizona! And now has reception again! Had a great time there! Can't wait ot go back! :) #hadthegreatesttimeinmylifeever!!!!
would have loved to see myself in one of those Toyota Prius Thanks for the love and support!
Re-Think Re-Engineer Re-Deploy all that you have learned and apply it in your personal and business life.
by your standards, I should say! It's decent.
Thanks for coming out to see us! Bring with you next time. We'll be showing it again June 9th at midnight!
the N-word: "we must not let it...imprison us" - Rice
could tell you that I'm a horrible person, but he could never say that I have taken him anywhere with bad food.
Jesus, the line cook at Moes?
Just heard your podcast with Jerry Heller. That, my friend, is Music Industry gold...
your hair looks really good long
I'ma wax Anthony Davis' uni in his sleep so he knows it's real ;-)
you and me both
Afternoon #realrnb is right here: >>> what are you wanting for? click that follow button our goal is 120k let's get it!
Im here && never can i ever have a serious convo with this CLOWN!
I do! i totally need to get your number!
thanks for sharing....
When will new research studies be available to participate in?
Not when public aid $$ go into endowments of private schools. Do u support vouchers 2 attend privates in k12?
Time for some EXTREME, HARD CORE relaxation. Gatorade-check, bowl of grapes-check, Alien series queued-check. All systems-GO!
You're looking at me, but i'm looking through you.
Sunday night is always All You Can Eat! Get here early before the Hamachi and Madai Kama run out!
I do like teaching Zotero to put emph on an organized research process, correct cites are just a bonus
Watched Mystere last night and it was absolutely incredible!! Probably the most stunning Cique show on the strip, dancing and stunts wise!
as much as i like bon iver i would be z-ing this late at night if i were driving...which i wish i was doing right meow
Need Players for Last Minute Fantasy League in Denver area.Draft will be this Sat or Sun.Send Direct Message for info.Prizes and fee is low!
Q2) Seems people in the US want to be lead through exercises, europe seems to want to discuss exercises as a group
I wanna go swim. K. Byeeez
never participated
RT : Under 's budget 30,000 special education teachers & staff could lose their jobs.
70 in Denver...today...30 tomorrow! Doing well here. Hope to see you in the fall.
Your prospects come to you with skepticism. Some reason for not wanting to buy. Find it and dispel that reason.
True story: was named after Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
"Every second is LIFE, Every breath is LIFE, LIFE is NOW!!!!!! TSIKKI
Among those missing tonight for various reasons, Takudzwa Ngwenya, Todd Clever & Chris Wyles.
thinking about Vegas in September
I love listening to while I haircut and haircolor
May I suggest YouTube or ITunes?
Mines future
KidLock... lock it so your kid is unable to accidentally exit a particular app...
Its hard to find people who really know how to play. Too bad you aren't in Denver
RT: If u know God is ur partner-When worry or anxiety tries to intrude remember-If God is for me, who can be against me?
amazing job we had a great time.
ahaha LA, yes?
On a boat with my corona, jamming ....
Four steps to business success - step #2: Connect to fans with ads. #ctctfb --> can be a good strategy, but not for all!
This gonna be a boring axs Saturday .
Time to study then.
Pop sensation Justin Bieber has allowed his song "Born to be Somebody" to be used in ads for the documentary Bully, saying he hopes his f
between it being cinco de mayo and going to the #Caps game. Yes I'd say I have already started. No stopping now!!
Do y'all think Ricky Martin is a bottom? Or does he use that pinga?
A nose that lights up? ; )
Hiya Paul! This tweet: a man after my own heart.
Gotcha, email me and I'll see what we can do! We are new to the program so it isn't widely communicated.
HAYWIRE is really great.
hah fair point. On a diff note: personally find his death shocking bc watched nearly his entire career
no I was watching hockey...but is he the one that won the truck series last year? And what place is he in?
my bed is not empty, yet I'm still lonely..
That was Cleland's statement, and the fact it was so far FROM fact is telling. He was put on the spot and winged it.
you guys are wonderful! Very blessed to have such great women in my life!
Researcher found fun photo of George W. Bush as Lord High Commissioner of Stickball in 1964 while student
it's never a good idea to paint your nails before going to sleep. Looks like a manicure is in my future today! Happy Friday!
Quite possibly! Wrking on it :) RT : Andy Nibley to speak! That is amazing!! any plans to show the documentary too?
when you come back ?
Thanks for the follow, Laura! Video looks great! Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
you have my number!
"Goals are deceptive - The unaimed arrow never misses". Kimo's Hawaiian Rules
hey girlie! Are you awake? I am trying to write this morning & also to transfer my files from my old computer.
Which? Melanie or Apple?
that was amazing you've got a great voice ,true talent :)
OMFFGGGG IM CRYING
All these kids in my bed even if I had a man there would nt be room
awww thanks Lauri! I think I'm starting to get the hang of it! You all have fun today!!!
Well now you're just chastising me. RT I will. Just for you.
Thank you thank you thank you x100 for bringing Geo T$ and Mikeyy back to Chitown!!!!(: IM PUMPEDD
I am literally
we haven't set the final menu let, so if there is anything you would love to learn - please tell us!!!
Portland: what's a good, semi social place to work for a long time that's NOT a coffee shop or coworking? Preferably N, NE or Inner SE.
almond joys hershey reeses butter fingers..pick ur poison
I believe monsoon season has arrived!
“When we first met, I had no idea you would be so important to me.”
you have got to be kidding me
It's amazing how people with all the advice never have control of they own circumstances
#AutismAwareness month is over but #AutismAwareness should not just be one month a year it should be year round
I know those people who marry cars and buildings and junk are totally nutso. But now that I have an iPhone, I get where they're coming from.
Our process is a deliberate intersection of design and engineering because we want to capture our users expertise
is it time to move to bear market funds?
what are you watching?
Please follow me on instagram it's, 😃
Good luck on Monday. Rest up tomorrow!
"Never to suffer would be never to have been blessed." Edgar Allen Poe
In economics, the majority is always wrong.
see you tomorrow. Im playing first.
Who tryna roll wit me to the Beer Fest at the IX center 2mrrw?
ok imma let u get ur hit back.
I'm extremely horny right now. RT if you think I'd be a good fuck! :-)
Dangg I didn't knw it was like that
funny woke up with Mattesons in my head.
early mornings are not for me!
hm will have to try the crabs!
LoL!!!!! I'm loving McDonalds new commercial on The Grammys!
break for walk
psshhhh of course I will.
PS: please don't let me become that person
capoeira, how I am so happy I rediscovered you! Feeling EXCELLENT! Axe, Axe.
How on earth does a slice of cheese have 70 calories. That's ridiculous
Sounds like you've mastered it. Send me tips!! :)
thanks britt!:)<3
You are correct! The answer is ! Message me your mailing address and I will have your Starbucks card in the mail.
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
REAL leaders have people who WANT to follow them. When we embrace this Truth, we gain influence with young people.
What on earth is going on with the delicious.com design now? I think we need an intervention. I'm on the cusp of leaving. Finally.
Men, avoid wearing shoes without socks. A man who wears shoes without socks is like a man who sleeps beneath a duvet with no cover.
lol did you play moose
Stacy Pullen podcast on Ibiza Voice. That is all.
you r a mess for that one lol SMH
My baby boy Kamashae just got here I'm bout to take a nice relaxing shower and kick it with my son (:
RT : Want phree beer? visit www.phreeps.com and log in to see how today @ the Lazy Oaf Lounge you can get phree tap beer!!
yeah but the MD that tells you not to smoke wasn't paid $$$$ to promote tobacco
AWESOME -thank you
Happy Mother's day!!!<3 :D
Ugh. Nothing worse than awkward handshakes.
The more I think about it, working at #Borders for 8yrs better prepared me for a career in librarianship than library school did...
Matinee today! Grab lunch at 1 of our Walker's Point neighbors & head over for show!
Thursday Gold at Lottie's: $6 Georgia Golds w/ beverage purchase - good till 4 p.m.
Mah liberry has a mobile site now!
OMG dont u hate when someone breath stinks nd they talkin 2 u like its time 4 a new kind of gum...lol
Thankful for free donuts. (Which we are currently eating with gravy and stuffing)
what u got comin up? Fill me more info, check out my music too. Thanks
Headed to #ZooLights this weekend? Stop at LiLLiES for an excellent dinner in an intimate atmosphere, just a few steps down the block!
tired of all the self-promotion and advertisements for wireframing tools ... where's the content?
You're welcome, fellow #Brewers fans. Obviously, I put money on the #Mets tonight.
Butt-shots!
Just got hungry I smell BBQ!!
Tight deadline project for prof who never checks email/voicemail. Hit snag & need response from him. It's his fault if it doesn't get done.
They both thought they had lead guitar and they were both so amazing they started shredding some amazing
just make music like if I want to read inspiring quotes I'll follow one of those fake twitters, and stop biting drake so much. Lol
craving a brisk!
Register now for Friday's User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition! email to sign up!
Did you know: Gilbert Gottfried () does a really good Jerry Seinfeld impression. Watching his standup from '92 on
Dustin Brown is the man
Its gonna be ok. (:
I'm done
T___T RT : Now let's free Troy Davis!!!
I can disown whoever, whenever... even family 😉
Deleted my Facebook, all the shows I watch Sunday night are apparently done fer the season. Yeah that's right I'm doin homework
Thank you for the follow! We are following back too!! :)
He so stupid b4 he was datin her he nvr talked 2 me ten wen tey were dating he talked to me now ter apart he doesnt even talk 2me lik really
RT Brain expert says there is no indication of a natural cause of death in Yeardley Love.
do you watch Desperate Housewives too? Can't wait for the funeral episode this Sunday!
I don't always do things as last minute but when I do I make sure it gets done.
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy some real pie today :-)
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. -John Wooden
i just got skimped nigga lol bad. my dub bag is on a diet.
I kno exactly what u mean lol
On a happy note, it's a splendiferous morning on #CapHillDC! Sunny, crisp, & cool... perfect!!
Shouldn't have lost them then you stupid fuck!
Downloaded the app to keep track of all the RSVPs for next week at #SXSWi. Gonna be fun and exhausting!
I do! Heading to Ft Lauderdale for the weekend
never take your pimp daddy for granted! Sheitttt and plus the great one, is the chocolate one ;)
I will not do such a thing! I'm passionate about my roots!
This is true RT ": Evan turner > Iggy"
we can start counting there losses now lol": Retweet if you're excited to find out the Raiders 2012 schedule tomorrow! RT :
you don't know me and I don't know you but I just wanted to say that your really cute :)
wait, is this the point where the machines gain sentience? oh crap!
but we are looking at a backup electric motor on next bike to deal with hills...
Road blocks come in the form of people, places and things. Which will you allow to overcome you today!?
I'm feeling SO MUCH BETTER today. I think I'm even going to go for a run. (I KNOW I KNOW WHO AM I?)
why is cee-lo on stage? honestly?
could happen
I need to holla at cha
I cannot decide! How helpful, I know.
I know of only one person from highschool that was kind to everyone. She's still kind to everyone. She'd make a lousy president.
thanks friend for your help - 10 more days :)
Not being able to finish a sentence because you're laughing so hard about the ending.
Hope you feel better. Fevers suck!
Appreciate what you have now......you won't have it forever
Wait is Andie McDowell yr example of oogly? No way, of course, since she is a hot-t.
I feel it bra
The study I heard on about people driving less didn't make sense to people like me who #drive over 20k #miles a year.
Since when are there "express" trains to Wheaton only skipping Forest Glen? Lots of pple now waiting.
Would love to, Carolyn, but I'd have to actually buy an iP*d first LOL Thinking it might make a nice birthday gift...
Isn't that the way it always goes? Feel better! :)
What?? Where we going?
Prob. more expensive than 1 2GB plan, but less than 2. I'm still on my unlim. plan, but we pay $55/mo for that plus a 2GB.
That 70's Show >
nice to have company at the bottom though.
sweet! I shall be near! Or maybe I shall attend the festivities! I definitely want to see you!
I just text u
Riveting crowd of 11 here for Madison's hardest trivia. I thought this was a thinking man's town?
Head phones upp loud as fuck while doing chemistry vocabulary
Bartab has been featured in NY Times, NBC Inc., & many well read publications. Chicagoan's/your niche would enjoy a Bartab piece!
It was! It's much lighter out there now though. Didn't snap a pic. Sorry!
isn''t she coming june 29th?:/
hope your day with your wonderful has been amazing! Have a great afternoon and a great nite! #MuchLove to you both!
Have an awesome time at Sundance!
Watching TV , and u?
No real requirements that we can think of, aside from being a reader of ours :) ^BPS
Let's go Giants!
#YouveDoneItToo claim your dog are your homework
Its National Cupcake Day. Choose your flavor!!!
hey um so can we stop by shs so i can pick up some money from my dad
One episode in and I officially hate Friday Night Lights.
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
Q7 I hate explaining 2patrons why we're not org by reading level. I'll find the book b. we *purposefully* don't organize that way
there are times when relatives a very useful critters.
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you! Go Mets!
Haha made my flight with like 9 minutes to spare! Boston HOOOO!
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister ^^
If only I had a dollar for every contestant who says "I'm not here to make friends..."
So since you're tweeting a lot I think you should send one my way ^-^
Details and apps to perform in 2012 fest will be posted in Feb. Fest will be early Aug. Hope you can join us!
Here we go aain! RETWEET this for a chance to win FRE Tickets to our show June 15th! with Fuel!!!! Go
This is the second time and tried so hard to be nice but I think I had it to the point where ijdgaf
Enjoying a weekend away
You're a liar and I don't like it.
Let there be a purpose for everything you do .....
Haha. No...really. I'm in L.A. and feel the compound could be taken down with very few civilian causalities. X
so that translates to "I bless Me", lol.
you to? I always feel like breakdancing.
Dear In regards to your new commercial. Should I realy be excited you let a $200 Fire on my PUBLIC WALKUP DOORSTEP?
has it been sunny all week in Seattle?
Sometimes I really wonder why people care so much about themselves #letgoofurprblems
Just found out my sister got jumped. Oh we jumping now? Fucking weak as' wait till I find out I will make sure you don't jump again.
Brandon! I absolutely <3 ur handbags & the little pillow dude is adorable! You are so creative, so happy to have met u in sf!
i have The same thing (:
I'm hoping I can get a ft job, it would def. help with payments.
All I wanted to say was "I Sorry" I hope you can forgive me ?
It always feels nice when you see a guy walk into a parked car while staring at you.
RT if You Support :)
I value you… if that helps.
In that case, please get here STAT!
finally reported #occupywallstreet but claimed we have "no Ideas" favored bloomberg's position. Maybe break up banks? Regulation?..
We're talented...at eating food.
I was called youngin' today :) good day..good day
do you know that is based in CLT? BTW I'll be in DEN this week. Which resort has the best snow right now ?
Yay, count on it. : Planning on having you with us next year!
great review of the movie.
Thanks Pat :)
•Love is temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Yeah probably like a dollar or two
Called Delta airlines for bereavement ticket info...the price quoted was more than what they were selling it for on their own website!
We will start to hear more people speak of the Tribe! Who is your Tribe? Time to wake up, Family, friends and supporters are your Tribe!!
Either Jarrett Lee is sleeping with Les Miles' wife, or Jordan Jefferson is sleeping with Les Miles.
game tonight as an early birthday present from moma and daddy. #soexcited #kindaspoiled #lovethem :)
Lithium Networks for all your networking/IT solutions.
Has Tom Brady blamed #SuperCuts yet today?
Duplicating/Printing DVD Short-Runs like crazy lately. Been authoring quite a bit to. The video work we do has certainly picked up - fun!
Positivity is key 👌
Chik-fil-a for lunch hell yeah!
everything man has ever experienced began with a single thought.....
"JOEY AND JANICE'S DAY OF FUN!!" :) only my and my mom!
Tonight is $6 Liters and $5 Jager.. Come in and say hi.
The world is blind and you're its puppet , you lame puppets!
the packet?
"I was napping then I woke up because I farted"
yeah, it's starting to feel like purgatory now
When your in tumblr at school and a sex picture comes up... Yeah, I hide my phone.
Taylor airballs three ~ A shot-clock violation ~ Badgers are down one (3:01 remaining)
Well...I don't like you what you did is so wrong I'll never forgive you.
I've grown tired of these fucking grown man liars, storytellers..
morgan all over that.. love the shit talkin back to the stands
Happy Thursday Thanks for checking in on
It is too early for this. It may have something to do with all the Jager last night. Adrenaline is rocking Beale St. tonight at Wet Willie's
so can you come over?
Gonna record the rest of Consequence today.
I hate goin to work this early smh
shut up twin!!!!
When it comes to music you know a lot of Shit....I've been listening to the Blue all day...Keep killin it Sabzi!
Thanks for the post!
Ebony the only friend I got that be up early as hell with me.
So we got the day off tomorrow...but I may just come in anyway. Recruiting is a beautiful grind.
Hey Pittsburgh Fans, don't forget the Steelers play this saturday night vs ATL.
Why do I even like you? I guess thats why I do.......
i love you so much!!! the show is amazing!!!!
Spoiler Alert! Some of us are on the west coast! :-p
p. tars.
The beginning of the end... WORKOUT OR DIE!! SPARTAN TRAINING LEGGO!!
You CANNOT make such an IRRATIONALLY discriminatory statement when its clear you dont know SQUAT about people with Autism.
many thanks, Erin, for the kind words!
This beautiful life I live >>>
Happy belated Sun Keith
I'm attracted to an alien
#10peopleontwitteriwanttomeet Josh Hutcherson, Gabriel Landeskog Matt Duchene there are a bunch more but I can't think of them
What's up Serg. You able to do a phone interview sometime early next week?
missed u more!
Agreed. Great player. RT : Former WR Anthony Carter to announce #Vikings 2nd round pick at NFL Draft... Awesome!
if u could go on a date with anybody who would it b?
LMAO!! Been two years and I still have a MySpace account...160 messages, 109 from same advertising guy. Lol Someone tell him about Facebook
Picture day today! Go take your pic otherwise your id pic will be used in the online yearbook!
omg yes we do...but where??
We have links to three #South African newspapers on our site WWW.ussportspages.com
“: “: We know Obama and Rahm like it in the rear but we don't. Romney is your fraud on us #RNCmafia”.”.
I crave taco bell
my pleasure! You've moderated some great content there. Glad you're digging the song!
Just downloaded the tweetbot app. Highly recommend it!
Party song for a Friday: Tequila Sheila by Thom Shepherd
“: Don't look for people to tell you what to do. Seek out people who will inspire you with what they've done.”
alright :) thank you
Well they did create some pretty cool shows, the mini shows like Alice and Wonderland and their short movies can be great!
those were Vidal Sassoon's last words
When I’m feeling old school about a new marketing technology, I seek out cutting-edge partners and suppliers who can bring me up to speed.
You need to be on tumblr....
SHES SO DISGUSTING. I WANTED TO VOMIT EVERYWHERE.
does anyone else get uncomfortable watching nina and hicks get freaky? I don't know why but it really bothers me.
Got a 10-month old Weimaraner about a month ago. Might have to get this for her. She freaks out when we leave and most noises.
RT : Don't neglect your hair, says -- ensure your locks and happy and healthy with her tips:...
sounds like a plan homie preciate that
SO, i got the job <3 c: im going to fill out shit on tuesday and start training sometime this week
My neighbors are having a bonfire in the rain.
Big thank you to ! We honored her on the mic but she had already left. One of the main leads for Twestival Seattle! Thx, Nancy!
"Do you like your job?" "I mean you can bring snacks!!"
So I fell asleep on the couch last night reading. Woke up and moved to my bed at some point. Think I slept at least 11 hours. Whoa.
Bbq 20 lbs chicken for my kids school for tomorrows Christmas party listening to the Pens from Fla
where are you going for your lashes?
i think you're either missing a 'k' or the 'f' should be a 'd'...I think the former...
- Welcome Marna! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Good stuff!
RT - #NFL also fines an undrafted rookie of the Jacksonville Jaguars Mike Lockley $20K
Haha. All that time, up in the cuts like gay niggas in butt.
Ah, yes - the chess games. I just KNEW I was forgetting something!
Today is #friday and I a co-worker bought me lunch to thank me for my help. Things are looking up.
This day needs to go by faster.
- thx for the follow. cool concept for a site. I just signed up. lets rock this thing!
Both nigger and slave are words that strip someone of their humanity. Replacing one with other makes no sense.
I liked it! We should only do the ones he did in that show.
DID WE ALREADY ORDER RAVEN TICKETS oh and when do you need MANAJ money ?!?!?
RT Nice to run into at ! So excited for good things to come this year!
We just passed key $30k momentum point on Thanks to all our supporters!
LMAO I photoshopped the hair in... glad u enjoyed
Be aggressive Boozer, I almost forgot you were on the Bulls roster
Hey Banjamin, Thanks for the follow!
thanks. Actually trying to do some market research. So, really what do you think?
RT : Tweet or take notes... Argh. Multitasking is a myth. -> I think tweeting is taking notes.
We just posted stills from our recent staged workshop! Check them out and "like" us on FB! www.facebook.com/thedevilanddaisyjane
Huge showing tonight at #wineweb: and many others
Opening night party has begun-come have some cake with us!
awful call
What are you dressing up as for Halloween?
how do we get on board for a show?
Waiting, waiting for senate to take up stadium bill. Senators Bonoff & Gen Olson predict longer debate than Monday's 8hr House.
My darling ... I have my book & crossword puzzle
Then I work with a team of developers to make our tools do those things
What are the 'dying field' today..
AT&T hooked it up with unlimited messaging and calling to any mobile at no additional cost. Cool!
Absolutely, man. Thanks for the follow back! Let me know what you think about it!
#liber2011 Need to move from being journal-centric, with authors (with ambiguous names) at the periphery, to contributor-centric.
Tonight's gonna be a good night.
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to check you out! xox
Yeauhhh good day for Avenue 52. Quick Photo Shoot, now working in the Studio! Pics out soon!
www.thejobewilson.com The Jobe Wilson Band
M....I love a gorgeous sunset!
Just woke up from a crazy dream. wow.
can't wait for #Believe !<3
what would your superhero name be?
Go UK!! RT : Kentucky Beats Louisville, 69-61, Moving to N.C.A.A. Final
I'm off to the Bahamas tomorrow for a babymoon where I will be doing my best manatee impression.
You look like Nucki Minaj :o
whats happening brother?
Getting ready to plan a trip to Cocoa Beach this summer for a fun in the sun getaway. Where should we stay?
“If you don’t bring a love of mankind to your work, your work is going to be very hol­low to begin with.” #photojournalism via last tweet
Tonight's Foreign Film - BREAD & TULIPS (Italy, 2000) Starts at 7:30pm
That's right Reggie miller all about power and speed
I hope you will all start following stansdailybrew here on twitter, it's my new coffee house in montebello!
Way to respond, Bulls! Led by the Bench Mob and Lu!
Me too Friday come already! ! (:
Who out there is
143- love the number :) i love your username! and your hair looks gorgeous red ♥
You're welcome!
DASH has Orion V, Gillig Phantom, and I think a couple of others.
it's cool
You can't keep doing the same things and expect different results ~
Think like a man had me rolling
Your twitter page looks great when open to a picture, it's like landing on the #WSVN homepage. Well played , well played ;)
1044 homesless kids in the schools so far this year. 840 still in the schools. Doesn't include 4K kids.
We arent scoring in this game. It's done.
Bedwetting Misunderstood but Often Treatable
Criminal Minds has aired 148 episodes. Wish I knew how many i have seen.
The one advantage of being to ops guy is you don't suffer bleacher ass during the eval period.
legendary pacer forward jeff foster retires today after 13 gritty seasons..
dont tweet about it unless you be about it. LMAO
Why do people still prank call and why do they have todo it at 4am.
im not leaving til August 17th
I need more friends that want to dress up for Halloween with me. Though I'm thankful for plans at all. Should be fun even without a costume!
"Find out who you are and do it on purpose.” Dolly Parton
My followers are amaing!
I'm officially sitting in the dark
faveorite part so far! couldnt stop laughing!
It is a beautiful day in LA today!
Peggy:"12 Years old and drinking a BEER?!" Bobby:"I didnt even like it!" Hank:"Oh now youre just trying to make me mad."
Great take on iTunes, Adam! We need to save iTunes from itself!
Only a couple of seats remain for the Grill & Swill food & wine pairing dinner Friday night Details-www.chefjjs.com
To be seasoned and wise you must first be young and stupid.
Can anyone else think that spring but be delayed by higher gas prices?
": Anbody in Madison getting UW-Gophs game on TV?" Channel 445 on dish network
wish I could! I also have a gig that night. But thanks for inviting.
She must have heard me coming that was quick.
What's your WiFi Network?
you just got me pumped as hell... I got you baby
I don't know who u are or what you're about. But I've apparently fell victim yet again to slandering claims. sorry 4 inconv
President Obama says he now supports same-sex marriage. Join for the latest on First at 4!
People already calling King basketball players "thugs" on JSOnline comments.
Dude... Peyton Manning is a Bronco!
Texas Assault make it back to Adidas Super 64 again! Championship Game vs. Dream Vision 7pm CST. On CBS College Sports TV
#Str8LykeDes... Ion play both sides dats for you pussy niggas who claim you loyal to streets...
can't wait to have you evenings made fresh
Thanks for doing that!
Im going to that pay perview got a free ticket
wait, that one was drive. I've posted both
Headed out to ! So happy!
Nice place you have here. Ava and Finn are with us too.
Am I the only one who is scared of Siri? Wait till she takes over everything and tries to kill us! Remember iRobot people!?!?
GB should be ashamed of that BS. Killed by an inferior tm
thank you!
But the pout, my friend! Enough to melt adamantium...I think:)
thanks for responding... I'm almost there too haha crazy... Wish didn't hate me
Just learned from Watertown coach Steve Harrington of the passing of Peter Gonnella. Condolences to the family.
Because it's all about the #Pricing guys- thanx for the RT's!!!
LMAO! Yes he is. Why did you wait so long this year?
LV school district is a joke.
I also get mad when it's your birthday and they get mad at you, that gets me so piss.
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.
goodmorning twitter. great day for a shoot
Jeff van Gundy is the definition of a hater
Happy Friday the 13th!!! & this is my 666th # tweet! Yay! :)
are you a #mizzou alum and/or fan? If so, I admire you even more. Great win tonight!
Yas boo. I'm in NYC anyway, for the Malcolm X event with :)
GO TO SLEEP! ;)
I Really feel that Twitter is like my personal journal. <3
Learning & AJLI history is fascinating & inspiring but makes me wish we were doing even more now
"So" is a real word stop correcting it to "do"
“: Dad is encouraging me to take a morning off school this week to go surfing. #badfather haha” Gotta love your Dad! <3
Holiday travel takes a toll on everyone. Why not use a GPS Personal tracker this holiday season? You'll know where your loved ones are.
Can you imagine explaining to a 4 year old what the word "retarded" means?
It's June 16, if you aren't busy ;)
#RaleyField is a lil slice of Americana. Nothing like 9 innings, a dog and a beer in
i dont wanna hear it !
many thanks!
to me, the worm was worst cuz i HATE the smell of worms.
RT : Network becomes one large distributed cloud data center – see the demo at Intel booth -
Who says u cant? :-)
Good Morning!
“: Partner is the new associate.”
YEAH! Glad to hear that I was able to inspire you. Find what you love, and the motivation will come. :-)
Hispanic and Native American parents have the lowest educational expectations for children
flying out of O'Hare in a few minutes, land in Ft. Lauderdale at 9:45 :)
# InterviewQuestion You really didn't get along with your last boss, did you? # Jobs Leading question - don't be led!
Matter of fact, I WILL start a rumor just to see how many analysts blindly react to it and scrap months and months of research. Here we go:
I dislocated my knee is college. There is nothing like it. Really painful
hey followers thanks for following its appreciated! :)
Jennifer's body > idk why I love this movie. It cracks me up all the time 😄
Soccer! RT: : There's 100 days until the #Olympics. What's your favorite sport?
Miss you!
I got a sign on my clit, paid niggas only.!!!.
Signing copies of my book, Grey Eminence, at Fort Belvoir this weekend. Now I just need customers.
Wow! Huntsville, Alabama! Bout to be on the radio and doing shows there.
Seriously. Almost birthday party time. Hurry Friday!
"I got a pocket full of ones and no drawers!" - Kevin Hart, "Think Like A Man"
“: ugh! Simply Casual on Livernois and outerdrive”>>>don't ugh me!
lol! i have never even met this fool in person, i just had an internet tutoring session with him and he's asking for my digits!
Twins win!! What a come back. 6th in a row and we're now only 2 games out of 1st.
Follow me, i follow back. Please retweet. :*
Tired. :S
sweet! Can't wait.
sometimes you have 2 dig deep 2 find something beautiful.... --Mia
They wanna send me a 24 inch one instead lol.
Thanks to former #MiamiDolphins DE #JohnBosa for joining his old teammate on the show. Your calls/texts the rest of the way!
Today in 1957 #Indians young pitching phenom Herb Score was hit by a line drive and it largely ended his career.
I loved the Christmas video! I'm so proud of you!
RT : Laying in bed and watching the eagles play this morning. Go get'em boys!
channeling our early conversation to reach Zen - we must do that more often :)
Are your bags on the broke bus still or did they fit?
i want there to be a thunderstorm. (:
calm down for a second. they wouldn't touch the spurs or thunder in the west. come on.
After the Lions, I'm rooting for the Jets in the draft.
On my way to epcot! #woo hoo
tell 'em quit the bitchin, we're gonna make it in a second....
Eghh nasty guy at Mickey d's giving me the creep face D:
Officially signed up for the 10-mile Broad Street Run!!
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
I <3 talking to no one :(
#LangstonHughes the poet was born on this day in 1915
That weed is shitty its all shitty colored and dead lookin oh wow I actually thought candy bar dude was cool but his weed ain't
ha! i bet i know who you're talking about. maybe you & i can go get the one reserved for her and split it
This wasn't because you we're tweeting & driving was it? Stay Safe!
Welcome to our newest members to our #Fringe page! Hope we can all survive the hiatus!
Twitter vent sesh
Happy Birthday Vicki !! Hope you have a great day !!
I got the job
One week until we play at Red 7!
im doing good, very bored! what about you? (:
Watch them on the rooftops leave you topless.
You know exactly how I was made, bit by bit, how I was sculpted from nothing into something. Ps139 MSG
i LOVE justin bieber <3333333333333333333333333
after luck who should the colts take with their next picks
Hm, I wonder why I can't change the channel...
they need that big red staples button lmao
You? RT : Lady Gaga's #BornThisWayBall Tour has grossed an approximate of $30,000,000 ONLY in its first 8 shows.
We recently used Champion Movers, found via Angie's List. Price was right and the guys did a very good job handling our stuff.
": wait there are not even 275 countries in the world why the fuck does it say this in my script?"HAHAHAHA they gotcha!!
In Dallas for a 3 hour layover, what a blast!
PLANNING ANOTHER FREE FACEBOOK EVENT! Who wants to meet a brand new psychic????
Also, get prepared for pilot season and feature films by taking an on-camera workshop to hone your TV/Film acting techniques.
