No doubt about it.
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Inspirational Baubles! We can all use a little bit of encouragement these days. That 's why we app
Yeah fck what you like, dislike, talk to yo btch abt your emotions
Hey guys, are you following the band members, too? keep up with us!
But what would you know about that? ;)
What are you talking about? He's on Twitter. @ vancityjax
Thanks for to the for hosting the RocStars for a scrimmage today! xoxo
better than Christmas!? Thanks!! Enjoy your sweet potato pancake!
I lost ya number fam can yu d.m. it to me
FuzziBunz® Reveals Two New Limited Edition Cloth Diaper Prints
Off to Philly for #toughmudder I have ran 168 miles in the last 2 months for this, Game on!!!
I truly appreciate the RT
We just received more Kicky Pants Bamboo pajamas. Be sure to check them out.
Up to Chapter 8 in editing my WIP, a space opera with comedic overtones.
Happy mothers day,
My allergies are killing me! My voice sounds like a monster & my eyes won't stop watering!! Ah
I'll be there! :) (Have I mentioned I love the aquarium?)
Who is your favorite diva?
lol! I think I'm going to make it:-P how about you?
choice needs to go
Trying to download a QR Code Reader from #Google #Play but keep getting errors. Is it down?
If gingers have no souls, what don't people with Fuschia have?
im proud of you cookie
Last Monday ever as a high school student
Gonna be a big day!
Lucky guess? Did your friends tweet by chance?
She's my kind of rain :)
that zebra looking/sounding place across from Southpark on Sharon
Thanks, Cindy! :)
Ladies: What's a good mother's day gift? i usually grab her perennials but need some advice for this year
leave the #cash & #cards @ home -- tweet a payment? #wired on future of #money, it's online, flexible, frictionless -- and free?
Lol my cousin told me I look Jamaican :P Do I? *Shaking my dreads* lol
I am good.. working and school
I really enjoyed the ID4 reboot I watched last night!
aww thanks doll! YOU KILLED IT!!!
Let me know if u have any suggestions or ideas!!
psh im always fresh
Watching The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air
The awkward moment when a 42 year old has more likes on a FB picture than you do
LULZ! blocked me for asking if it's fair that only 2 tables have shuffle machines and all others don't
new campaign slogan"I support mediocre teams, rape, and abortions in 15 sec or less"!
Right?! Omg, we should get Indian food sometime this summer! I know a great place in the Pearl!
Happy New Year!! : D
this thanksgiving game is alright forreals
First show went killer. Hope y'all had as much fun as we did!
Ugh sumbody hurry up.nd tell them to deliver my damn radiator. Ugh my bae needs me..:(
We started mixing a new Album "Live at the Loft", which is a live thing from last summer, last night! I am excited!!
in some capacity, yep! Just trying to figure out my work schedule.
we are only online for now...we have a fb page until the website is complete...if you live in Houston u won't have to pay shipping
it's a long-ass trip. They be tired.
Who do the Packers take tonight in the first round? Gain my praise if you're correct.
no worries! I like your site :)
Never in my life has it felt better than to say "Alleluia" like it did tonight....it was a hard lent, but #itsallworthit for JESUS!
running your birthday age? or running in general?
: we now have 500 followers! Hopefully we can get to your celebrity status by the end of summer :)
Bring me a filet mignon sandwich!!!! :P
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz? Realize others have had the same challenges. Ask them how they did it.
Aw! My WI accent was pretty thick this morning at church. "Father, Son & Holy Ghoooohst" My gf died laughing
i dont even know. Prob around 2 or something like that lol
It's shaping up to be a good day!
Fun presenting to the group at the annual meeting
What a great night to not give a shit about our governor
“: Whatever you ask for in prayer with faith, you will receive. -Mat 21:22”
Password changed. Hopefully I can move on and be free of the ghost hacker.
Amen! RT : The necessity of our now is encouragement.
You can't build a contender at the deadline... we build from the ground up with solid picks. We shopped Bean around tho...no takers
thank you, love !
No, but I sure thought I would for a spell! I'm a wimp when it comes to these types of activities.
": This girl said "I need a boyfriend for this weather" hoe you need a coat" lmao iknw that's right
Have u ever played #assassins ? 145 of us playing it now, so intense!
morn Bro!!!
My phone is dying :(
your mom is the biggest SWEETHEART ever :) can't wait for
just change it! :) I dont think its a big deal!
For the record I have never tweeted about engineering or tennis. How "photo" isn't on there is beyond me.
Saw the fake pic of Bin Laden. Would you want to see the real one?
exactly my name is so weird
Happy New Years!! I just got off the phone w her! SO cool, which i was there w you guys!! XO
Many thanks to for organizing #emschi -- a fabulous success!
It's better than Nyquil for inducing a nap.
yes, yes you are.
could have said it better!
To the Prius
you will be both beautifully ane famously
I wasn't the #OLLG ,I haven't met .He hasn't seen or noticed me BUT I have been part of 'MYWORLDTOUR! That makes me proud ;)
Wow that's a Flagrant 2 foul? Jones did not knock Noah to the floor. Bad call.
cam! you should have came over to the tilted kilt you butthead. I was working all night!
It's a good life. Share it by paying it forward today! Why? Because you can.:)
#integrity. New hashtag (or not). Don't have it? Get some.
Once you get to the dance anything can happen.
gn0d off at consumer law conference, being awesome. me? taking opportunity to watch roky erickson documentary. sweet.
Your bio? RT : There's a book out called, "When Women Were Birds" Lmao
Good thing I'm an introvert...HAH! NOT! Okay...so why did I pick my major again? I like reading, but I like socializing more.
Stoked I found a way to pay for my gas to the show! On our way Tom!
May Saint John Coltrane keep you safe during your journey.
i know... it's a Christmas miracle! or... Hannakah! :P
my fav cider!
Just got an email from Spotify promoting the new RHCP album. Is that still good news for some people?
The cockroaches come out on the sidewalks in june
Dude, please don't send me ur spam. thanks.
I have a bowl of oats every day, try letting apples sit in pineapple juice 4 a day & cut them up in your bowl! Extra sweet!
My life will never same,but trying to get my life as close to normal as possible.
Watching "The Rachel Maddow Show" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it's great! How's it summer been? U have to help me get the biebs to follow me!!!!
Damn I miss her
yeah when someone jz burns it for you!!
So... We were offered a blunt, walked in squares, and then a cab driver who talked like Grover from the muppets drove us home. Love my 20's
Jamming out to fag music on the way back to #miami? #priceless lmaooo
I can't believe its taken me this long to see Sherlock. Freeman is fantastic as Watson.
Have a Subsitute nd she letting us Listen to Music nd Text Yeah Buddy :D :)ILYShawty<3
We've been selling our new shakes all day! Try some fresh rosemary in yours...with banana walnut chip & now can have ICE CREAM w/ your combo
All the chocolate in this house is gone. Im gonna be very grouchy for the next couple of days.
#Espn Caddie I would have my resume ready for Tiger Woods . I got a feeling he fires his caddie after #pga loss. Hear it 1st
Tennis Channel to Provide Coverage of US Fed Cup Match Against Ukraine - Long Island Tennis Magazine
When society pummels me today w/ messages that make me feel defeated/worthless, I'll look to God's empowering promise of grace.
Fresh coffee and check one two check one two
well, I ran like lightning so you prob missed me ; ) hope it all went well for you today! heard it was a good event!
No coverage of the biggest student funded project in the history of UW-Madison? Design budget no coverage
Lmao I agree ;D
And, didn't realize #suburbiaproblems was such a popular hashtag!
I love bustin' out people who be FB frontin'! You ain't bout none of the shit you talkin' 'bout! Cut It Out!
My mom tried to de-activate my phone. Thats real, too bad I'm not an idiot. #jokesonyou ha.
I wish you were here
#UofLKAIOS this Friday! Five Fraternities, ONE PARTY!!
Have safe travels! And have a ridiculously good time on your vacation!
!!!!!!!!!!! “: Hey Ryan Clark, before you ever talk shit about anyone else's team, man the fuck up and beat Denver, motherfucker.”
Out of all days to run out.
I wanna role play
I laughed through the whole thing.
Im Beginning To Think That My Relationships suck all the time because i never reply to those Chain Text Messages..
maybe you should by yourself something nice. Like a Fiat 500, and take pleasure in driving to work and off work :)
He told me he be damn if he leave me for anybody else
I feel like absolute shit & all I want to do is lay down & take a nap. ):
I am NOT cheering for Chris Brown.
oh man can I try this?
Talent x Shit = Pay (My music teacher) hahaha
MISS YOU TOO..
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
obviously. circus peanuts, also.
at the house getting ready for a night of fun :)
This is one of the best NBA seasons ever...playoff and regular season. A new golden age. Hopefully the strike won't cripple it too long.
. I was talking about the big question regarding marriage equality, hence the hashtag #MarriageEquality. You address another issue.
2 Chainz Feat. Drake - "No Lie"
Studies show that obese people eat too much.
Arden Market Square (by the Arden Barnes & Noble & United Artist Theatres 6) has free wi-fi throughout its building
Well lawlorffs we never got any of those pics. So we may not be able to do the collage :( Hopefully we get some by tomarrow night.
Hey there #OWS malcontents, please realize that "Free Palestine" is code for "Kill the Jews" Never again!
you can find out what else im a take to. ;)
ha! Good joke
": Everybody play the tough guy when shit pop off"
Fantastic mention of #Alonzo awardee EvoNexus bringing biotech job growth to downtown
RT : Monday, and reality sits in. Derby is over and Louisville is a small city again
Someday we'll know if love can move mountains.
Live music this weekend: Southbound tonight and tomorrow! With 's Sasquash Porter on tap, it'll be a good weekend!
wait so i didnt do my hw? that was a dream? WAT
Thank you!
lol, my friend Nicole is obsessed w/ Josh Hutcherson b/c of his facial features...such as his jawline. the way she talks about it is so odd!
Omg I saw the craziest skittles commerical ever! Smh....not gona lie it was funny but just wow something I wouldn't expect. Rated X though
Can't wait! Chicago needs more Carrie!
sounds like the perfect opportunity to show you a unicorn. Unfortch, already committed to Boozy Suzy's bday party that evening.
i hate when i pinch my finger
would he trade Gomez?
dahhh! i went out to the movies!! blahh sorry cn u go on now?
support thread for serious decluttering/moving? - Mothering
Chemistry will be the death of me.
Reading some #imagines. You?
looks quite interesting.. I prefer cheesefries though
Please help my wife! She's having an art show contest in Las Vegas tonight! Vote by texting "Shana" to 330-831-9593 Tell ur friends! Thx
q1) Also us helping them be part of the team
#OnFire RT : I exist, I create , I love is the cry of the soul.
Awesome! ": Jennifer at Dunkin was already making my coffee while I was walking in the door. Today's going to be a good day."
iceberg has had a resurgence in popularity + hit an insane $50 per case due to weather a few months back
What color should I go!?!?!
RT : Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn't give you credit.
I haven't done homework in over a month. It's wonderful and terrible at the same time :///
Police: Burglar dressed the part of water authority worker
is it this Friday? If so, I'd be in.
i cant stop listening to more than this. one of my faves and stand up :)
We will be handing out t-shirts at Looneys tonight
I do, however, like to read the stories by bewildered journalists who are floored by 'Hoosier Hospitality'!
Wicked Wheat Wednesday!!!
Laying on the hammock relaxing at the lake... Waiting for the king and great friends to arrive :)
Don't let the things you want make you forget the things you already have.
Happy to be invited as Final Round judge for the North American Effie Awards. Always inspiring to spend time with killer campaigns.
that movie cracked my ass up
Just saw the JobOpps email. CONGRATS!! So proud of my fellow alum.
You're getting a puppy?!? What kind?
would you drop Teague for Booker? Will Teague ever turn his season around
Well off to this gay concert lol
#CyberMonday Free $75 In Room Gift and $50 Shipboard Credit on any Disney Cruise! Call us at 877-918-8941 for DM us for details
my paper's deadline just got pushed back till 6pm tmw.. might actually go to sleep at a decent hour now ! gotta be awake to fail tom's test
Looking at an amazon shopping cart with $300 worth of home karaoke upgrades & feeling very conflicted... do I purchase?
yep Love is what it is!
Uh oh...a bad case of HTML overwhelmtion. I'm at least fairly certain that is an actual word. Can I be of any help?
really hoping there's no public speaking required for tomorrow's award ceremony. also, my prof is going to ask whats the haps w/ph.d. app
HTC One X hints at iPhone 5 challenges
At a writers retreat with two friends, determined to finish the next draft of Love at the Fluff N Fold. Yay!
thanks man plenty more to come
Fire alarm twice a week , im worried
March for Babies San Antonio returns to SeaWorld on April 14 Thanks !
For what
RT : Good Morning! Perfect way to start the week is to vote YES on your #SAGAFTRA merger ballots and drop them in the...
Am am performing improvised comedy w a new team, Rainy Day Gang, at ComedySportz tonight at 9!
oh how i love basketball wives.
by seeing my shining face!
Next Friday - NOIR Fridays at Victor Hotel with DJ TIMBUCK2 and your host Guest list only - no cover all night!
They are pushing Chatter hard.
Thanks. I haven't been this bothered by a celebrity death since Johnny Cash died. Admittedly weepy. Good luck on yer paper.
#sschat last year I did a "change makers" mini project - had them project forward 80 years - "how will you change the world?"
I still felt supported, but it was a huge challenge. RT The challenge of picking up the pieces - post treatment.
Being at work without wearing any makeup is quite a revelation.
Terminal cancer <<< anything else.
LOL. Maybe he wants to sit by you, since you got to pick your seats.(;
True, but Broxton did sorta kinda look good. Promising. Now, trade Broxton & Moose for a stud starting pitcher, ASAP!
please! Get your ears pierced please! Btw. I love the accent(:
omg be sure to take lots of pictures of him if you go:3
Could you help me REALLY quickly with a basic French question?
Once I get home on a computer.. I Have a Choir and Band Concert today....
He, he, I've been in line for 6 or 7 years. At current attrition rate, I'll be 164. RT : People, FYI, I'm like last in line.
I still can't believe how good MITB was last night ! Way 2 go ! Nice Job ! Best ppv since 2009 Backlash
Total black out is the funniest show on syfy
Bulls done next year too RT : ESPN NBA - Bulls PG Derrick Rose (torn ACL) faces rehab of 8-12 months, could return around Feb. 1
Bringing our A game Laker style. Thats what champions are made of. See all you haters in game 7. Bringing home the gold.
Hola New Followers:)
that is totally what I am arguing!!! :)
I put in at least 20 hrs a week playing that sport. I am hooked on in :))
I think I can speak for all of us saying that we need to see some photos.
that was a typo luv ya stac
you can say that they had a weak lineup, but this Vancouver team is far from "last year's bottom feeders"
"The problem isn't finding out where you're going to go, its figuring out what you're going to do once you get there." -- A Walk To Remember
Bio n music of stevie wonder? Who knew there was still good stuff on the radio? Bring it on I95
I am ready to rebel this awesome Monday, sit back & watch 80's movies :) I wonder if I can get my hair teased up & feathered back? lol
's live chat starts in 24 minutes. who will be watching?
RT : Hiring? Hear about an awesome job? Tweet it out and add #WorkWednesday + the city. Spread some good #LeapDay juju :)
Somebody forgot to tell the Indiana Pacers that they're supposed to lose.
If there was anyone person I could punch from any television show, it would be Dave from Storage Wars
Not a millionaire today folks!
When did #trolleys get so cool? Cant wait to unwind with my #Groupon loves tomo!
I've had this feeling ever since we met.. sigh -_-
Can u please follow me bacckkkk!!! I love u!!!
What if it's the Undertaker! 0.o
Love love love Nicki!!!
We currently have 799 followers on twitter. Who will be the magical 800th? our goal by July 1 is 1000. Help us get there!
Josh just made my whole week. ☺☺
""Romney To Tiptoe Into Marriage Debate" #huffpost Will he be wearing Jimmy Choo pumps?
Oh, what fun! Need 2 excavate my garage but will have 2 wait. Ran out of Tiger Balm...
POTUS Transp'ncy backfired? No POTUS has opened up gov't as Obama. But in DC you can't swing a cat w/out hitting lobbyist's $$.
love them!
Ross you are so cute! I love it when you're on Chelsea Lately...lol
Friend: " is mine" Me:"if u dont want World War 3 to start,i sugest u live him alone!!!!"
goodnight Ariana! :] sweet dreams love you :*
YO ! Nas doesn't looks like he's aged , that's wassup ..
I realize that gurls really do love the iconic boyz but not the same reason or way the true iconiacz do!<3
(cont.) zap it until it looks good to you and then put it in the freezer for a few minutes until it hardens and voila :) fixed soap!
I'm FULL!!! Lol
I've been searching, high.. I've been searching low.. Wanna spend my life with you... ba ba ba ba bah
Take Care every body loves differently than every body else cuz some one does love the way u do does not make them bad
Btwn the Etan Patz story and this move out of NYC I'm super fucked up w emotions the last 24 hours.
What did I do wrong to be single on Valentine's Day?
what are you doing tonight?
Join us at the for our Spring Opening from 6-9pm! Come see our exciting exhibitions and enjoy....some donuts.....!!!!
You see my headphones on right?? Aight dont say a word to me
Offensively he looks like he's got a good approach. Prince 32-IBB's last year...don't think Gamel gets IBB
Alex: "I'm Austin Mahone, and I don't like to show the top of my head on video" lol aw i miss COOL MORNING. ;/
THANKS FOR THE GREAT STUDIO AND A UNBELIEVABLE ENGINEER! BEST IN CHATTATOWN!
RT : We are PROUD to be joining forces with Best-in-Class organizations and Bright days ahead!
An then u will not find anyone worth giving it to...
How do you feel about RAIN.. YAY or NAY?! I'm going with a NAY for rain today :x
For every 100 friends we get on Facebook, we're going to give away a FREE Small Plate! Spread the word for a chance to win some free grub!
Im going to surprise my kids with a trip (maybe to Fla), the day that they get out of school in June. Shhhhh...
I'm performing with Spence @ The Viper Room in West Hollywood, CA! - 03/20 - Tickets Available @ www.MySpence.Com/Tickets
Preventing Skin Cancers 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
really?! No WTF did u get that idea from?!
SWEAR my future sons will never be as disrespectful as mfs these days. does nobody's momma raise them right anymore ?! ugh
that's what I'm here for haha
I love that feeling.
Everything that I know I taught myself .
I ran for my life Jesus!!!
I'm renaming Michigan-Notre Dame the "Suck Bowl"
When someone is so hard to read, it's almost not worth your time..
Wondering why we have to work!!
That depressing moment when you dip your cookie into milk for too long and it breaks off.
Happy Anniversary to all of my amazing Hermanas!!
Thanks for following
Hi there! You should have a reply now. Please let us know if you need anything else.
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
At LAX getting ready to fly back to Northern VA, I will be glad when I am back home
boring!!! :p i like tryin new stuff all the time
undercover sweet tho
is heading home from Indian Summer. For all the folks who were coming tonight, I never ran into any of them.
Haha that's a good way to hide it lol ;) ♥
good look plenty more to come
I had a nightmare .. Then I heard noises from the kitchen . I seriously want to cry .
Getn redy to test out the beta
What teacher(s) had a major impact on your life? For me it was Coach Sykes; My basketball coach and English teacher.
Go to the Bolton art show on Thursday ( :
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally. ~Audrey Hepburn
Love this!
No it's totally cool just pretend like nothing happening while I'm over here. Just don't bother wondering later on why I'm ignoring you.
I don't really know why I'm doing this
Stand corrected on the earlier assessment of the score - we'll reach, and surpass, past total points records.
ANOTHER EXCLUSIVE LEAK BY YOUNG BRAVO OFF HIS LATEST ALBUM "TOPIC OF DISCUSSION" LOOKING FOR THE BOOTH FT YOUNG QUAN BEAT BY...
Thanks for following. Looking forward to reading your timeline! Adam
Is watching thegrudge3. :)
I wish my mom knew how to cook -__-
re: #10twitterpeopleiwouldliketomeet... thx I am honored! I hope our paths cross some day.
get to class
The next time you seek perfection pursue "Better then Perfect". The growth that comes through learning through imperfection.
Ima be back for all that was real to me
Please Katy..leave these things to GaGa
I really want to know UK slang ahah
Damn. Matt Flynn starting and Russell Wilson backing him up. It's like #Winsconsin, only on another team.
too,too funny!
I am a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy. - J. D. Salinger
Gahhh. Still deciding between a vinyl turntable or a digital setup..
Just a rude lady who is fulla baloney that I have chosen to take personally. It makes everything more fun.
figured I'd follow you on twitter to my friend.
*How girls become friends* Omg, I love your shoes. *How guys become friends* Excuse me sir I see u fuck bitches. I myself also fuck bitches.
I'm in Sanur and leaving later today for Ubud. Might spend a few days in Besakih w/ a family we met. Bali is amazing!
Or our buddy Wes Berndt! RT : Red Batty won't be too happy to hear that!
You block me and then unblock me? #Cool lololol
shit alredy know my gee. Red dot night fuck it..
Templates don't work for every situation. If you need or want something specific #custom is the way to go! #webdesign We can help!
Us too! It's pretty awesome :) Will you be at ALA? We'll have ARCs!
Hell yea. Keep it on the low I still tuck my feet when I feel like Im bein watched. Or like when I saw 'Insidious'.
thanks for rockin our Rock Paper Cut Crewneck pranking Get at us if you need any gear bro!
What does &amp mean
What a way to start my day the movie Heathers is on. "what are you doing tonight?" "I don't know, mourning, maybe some TV." Lol!
I need a good nap .
Nothing like spending the morning trying to recover from a Wordpress hack… personal site is back up and running.
You know what I think hurts the most? The feeling of being replaced. It's like no matter what you did, it wasn't enough.
The nominee still can't be predicted until Super Tuesday but Romney's win tonight does begin to wrap things up. I would think.
Whenever I'm walking down the street and look at something random like a gate, I always wonder 'if I licked that, would I get sick?'
any new news on Justin Shultz?
Sure thing. All the best with your efforts in bringing James home safe.
Hurt for the last time..
Lakers losing....seem like a good day
why do we have to have practice at 8 in the morning?
we were meant for each other.
An SUV Cadillac full of girls just told me I look like John Mayer. These are what the last days in America are like for me.
what does the new generation of computing look like?
I'm always so nervous when I sit right next to the owner of the company as he reads my report. eek! It's getting hot in here.
Matnas Yad is here 4 you! If you struggle to provide food for your family, or with Utility bills,we will help you in a respectful manner
totally worth the icky sugar burn it gave me
I dont know whether to give up or keep trying
...and thanks back!
I love you too Alex!! :)<33
Good job! :) I'm working on Econ
would you believe sasha grey is the only porn star i am familiar with?
Hey! I'm looking to antique finish and reupholster a chair. Any Houston area suggestions where I could have this done? thx!
Thinkin Thanksgiving Turkey from Memphis Minnie's? Our Thanksgiving Turkeys are smoked and come with all the fixins !! Call 415-864-PORK
Morning, Todd!
SLEEP IS MINE!
Happy as can be((:
no cuz we went to the one in avon and they dont have one there
RT I do 5 sit-ups every day. It may not sound like much, but there’s only so many times you can hit the snooze button.
NYC show taught me what "Jesus" was about: Justin is the re-incarnation of Jesus... and fucks himself in bright lights.
Up by 4, at the Reno airport by 5, next stop Butte, Montana.
#fundraising+you surgically strike early investors, 1st domino isn't your mom, sell what they want not what you need.
You are so obesssed.
oh yes :) I enjoy a good mixture of high and low culture
Please RT Follow him-- : Lmao.. did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add lol y'all need to add him”
In other news, yes, I'm still chuckling about how the temp from the previous job is long time gone.
Piers Morgan analyzing #Whitney Houstons' funeral? Fail of the week.
Lots of people will be clammoring for that ladies name in the front row at Staples Center if 's is hurt.
#Teamfollowback has the best followers. Follow me
Cannot sleep AGAIN SMH! What is wrong with me! Hopefully Pandora puts me to sleep...
RT : Ur gunna be proud and in shock to know that I am eating Broccoli!!! #LOOKimEATINGhealthy lol
YOU SIT RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER!!!!
IBANEZ!!! Serious triple high-fives happening in my living room right now.
Girl u made it to 25 with no kids.. U deserve a high 5
Fabian Weiß | Lala Life Beijing | PRIVATE magazine
so easy & fun, you'd make bank doing that for sure
Morgan Freeman is the best!
why do i lose everything
guess it's official. it's time to make the pier a little gayer
I really think you need to go meet & sign him! He's amazing
And we both know that fundamentally we're lazy creatures
“ We all have a friend who never has a clue what's going on.”
thanks for the RT! You rock!!
How do you have anything to subtweet about if we don't even talk?
note to self - make sure you have started the right conference call for your meeting - argh
I'm in the happy place. More wine?
I never would have known had you not tweeted me, even after you brought me a glass of wine
Did you know in Spain you can be 16 or older to drink alcohol? :)
i am very skeptical.
I absolutely LOVE being a#Belieber I would never leave this fan base is always supporting his fans & we can't thank him enough
Dear Friends: my beloved father passed away on December 5th of previously undiagnosed advanced cancer. Please remember the ACS this holiday.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
I have heard October 3rd or 5th.. Should know for sure soon
I feel like taking my screen protector off
Nice to "e-meet" you ! is great and I look forward to learning more about
My world is getting smaller and smaller by the day. Wish I could be with you guys (and 's family) in Italy!
#startup companies need #metaphors and #analogies paring #humanitiesPhDs with
Glenn Frey just did a really fun rendition of "The Shadow of Your Smile" ... ???!!!
NM digital literacy effort includes how to participate in online learning and how to select, install and maintain computer.
yep, officially over it (:
thanks for follow. Get me + Saw your site. Want to talk more. thanks again
Black man succeeding/ they hate to see him make it/ smiles on their faces/ but inside they can't take it/ funny thing is, they're black too.
I wholeheartedly agree.
Niggas act like twitter gonna get u street cred . tawkin like that gonna get you hurt
I'm going through the same thing, and I'm convinced that homebuying is made difficult on purpose
I favorite too many things...
At the WeHo library. Hoping I have more luck than I usually do here. It really is a beautiful building!
Probably the best workout I've got all year running up and down South Limestone last night.
#GamesIPlayedWhenIWasLittle - Mario Cart!
Resist! Must stay strong!
Stare at that Weaver
Atlanta Falcons are likely going to get Packerized by the best team in the league! Can you say back to back Lombardi's! Lock & Load Mattie!
Ha! You know Im coming to see you & DogGirl too right? Sushi is just a bonus! A sweet, sweet bonus!
Donut kingdom
To all my affiliate and performance marketing advertiser friends and colleagues: Do you see the affiliate nexus tax as inevitable or is th…
. just told me if I eat sweet potato fries with guac I'll feel like the king of sunshine. how glorious does that sound?
spoke to Bill today and got Stephen King and a gift card for my sister in Portland ME. Thx for your help!
Next wenesdays going to be so emotional.omfg.i can see it now.
Grill-off with & for #GrillFest today at 4! tune in!
who knew we'd look back fondly on the platinum years?
RT : Spectacularly fun #pcbw event tonight w , your beers kicked some serious ass, bottle that shit!
Funny! But, No. Not myspace. Think more retro. Has wires/plugs in. Just that alone is just wrong!
Come on by for great tasting popcorn at the Galleria at Sunset Mall starting April 1!
Moreno buys minority interest in Bodemeister
Mad apps u can get good new music frm to
Was just discussing this in a LinkedIn group on English usage (yes, I'm a dork). Consensus was as Jason says.
lol and the fact that he's now British.
I had fun! Hope to bump into you again soon!
Blessed to see anothA #thankful Lord
Happy Valentines day everyone!! Especially to the One i Love, My Man of course, I love you Mario <3 10-30-11
u see his shaved head?
I love you guys<3 follow me? ;)
What a perfect morning!! Summer is in the air ;)
Haha, they're doing fine, it's the scanner-huggers living in their moms' basements who are tweeting random garbage. Nerds.
Did a search on Google Maps today and got a promoted location. So weird. Is that new?
i can't get your amazing voice out of my head♥. I love you! I'm gonna support you 110%(: Don't stop singing..
My cippers is comeing back lets go
Don't forget that Scout + Megan are in Santa Monica...
Co-sign on Call Recorder. Worth the 20 bucks.
QoTD: "If you don't invest much of yourself, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning isn't very exciting." (Dick Vermeil)
It doesn't matter, just wondering what I won from last weeks guess the Blogger. I teach hs science in philly.
I call myself a radical centrist because a broad center predicts a fruitful society - alas, our center is in the middle of a V-shaped valley
LOL, I passed my 6,000th tweet. Oh well, no shoutout for ashley. I guess you'll have to wait for my 7,000th. ^.^
Join us this evening for the #NACUA honors and awards ceremony, and celebrate members who have made their mark on the association.
Fine ass me!
I Hate Watching State Farm Halftime Report on ABC. They Always talking Bull Shit about the Heat.
Panthers gonna take care of business up in Detroit. Win our first ever bowl,
I'm done feeling like it was my fault things became awkward between us.
I'll do some things you've never imagined and have you feeling sensations that you've never fathomed. 😉😏
Fuck Team Rocket, that's what I say.
SOUND OF MY VOICE after a lovely afternoon of THE AVENGERS, pinball games & dinner w/ , & !
Hey smelled good but he wasn't like wearing alot of colone or anything but he is so sweet!
RT if you love all your fans an you notice them?!:D <3
-I'm falling for you even though I know you're only playing with my heart.
Blew yet another hour of my life on the internet. Time to get stuff done.
Brick ass this morning!
Turning into a monster bitch as this day progresses.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
B-A-H Nation...remember to wear your Brass-a-Holic t-shirt to Wednesday at the Square...B-A-H takes the stage at 5p!!
so I've been told! Anything to avoid sifting through hundreds of emails from the same person...cuz search functions suck, often
Heidi Klum and Seal are getting divorce!!!! what a shame i really thought they were gonna last
The House ABC subcommittee sent our bottle sales legislation to the full committee this morning thanks to Senator
It's super scary how many picks the rams have accumulated via trades this draft. 3 2nd round picks and top 3rd round tonight
just the thought of seein that heifers thong.. Ick.....;)
Just ate a feast of Italian food that my mom brought home from a catering place downtown, and my God I am so full.
what's wrong?
Why am I always so hyped at night!
Congrats, Princess Stephanie and the royal court. We are so proud of you all!
God morning Twitterland.
Ugh, , couldn't your delivery person at least ring the doorbell, so I didn't clear my day to wait for a package and still not get it?
Freedom does not come automatically; it is achieved. Freedom is not gained in a single bounding effort; it must be achieved each and every …
Thanks Ed 'n Deb. Right back at you.
Especially when you pronounce Socrates like they do in Bill and Ted's
that for me to know, for you to figure out.
glad you like them!
Nothing gives an author so much pleasure as to find his works respectfully quoted by other learned authors. - Benjamin Franklin
In too deep *shrugs*
Hound / Beagle and some other stuff in there that we don't know lol
Will u marry me? April Fool!!!!!!
yes it's still on an poppin!!
Pittsburgh is so beautiful at night looking at the sky & city is so relaxing
APD has not released any information about why its major crime investigators are searching house on Spurr Lane. will keep you posted
idk where this venue is but nothing is stopping me lol S-A-T-U-R T-U-R -DAY!
sized up finally c:
is shaping up to be a pretty awesome can't miss Con. Getting pysch'd for June!
anyone else notice that Ethan screams like a girl in #mybabysittersavampire? lol
lucky ass ! :-) LOL I wish I was there
I just finished a 3.08 mi run with a time of 42:45 with Nike+ GPS.
I like being pretty. just greatful that i'm a woman who can take my flaws and find beauty without wanting ppl to defining me.
Checking out the new Gardner Museum space ...lovely with live birds and a green house too. Donuts with champagne sauce:yum!
Win or lose. Loyal and true.
How then do you explain her being in full makeup in motherfucking pajamas? HM?
oh yea lol
Haha...I'm pretty sure our wonderful mother gave you the #cousinssubs gift card. But I certainly hope you enjoyed it!
disney academy? lol
Welcome Comic-Con-ers!
if you only knew. Its all good do your thing, congrats on school.
Jimmy can crack his corn. I'm totally gonna eat mine. Smeared with butter and bathed in salt. Fresh from Scottsville Farmers Market. YUM!
talk about beauty and the beast. she's both.
Be sure to CHECK IN when you get here! You may even just get a special treat!
In last 3 weeks, I've heard the most coherent dialogue @ issues of race I've ever heard from the population at large, regardless of race...
"...I think it sucks...played out, lazy, lacks feeling..." Death Grips' Ride on Sac's music scene. Do not agree, but hey, who am I =)
On tha' real
RBMS talk on virtual meetings ftw. Kinda counters the whole 'multitasking destroys concentration' argument.
When dealing with women, there are two types of truths. THE truth, and the truth she wants to hear. Always go with option 2, fellas. ALWAYS.
: #Austin #USGP Just imagine both #F1 and #Indycar at COTA in the same weekend. That would be great :)" Agree!!
the new Frightened Rabbit record is pretty good, but not quite as memorable as the Midnight Organ Fight
Performing the mystery of the Haunted Painting for a VIP group at the Aero Squadron.
I never do hw any more, smh
TFTF! (If you think it is too hard to explain yourself in 160 characters, you'll never make it in 140!) ,-)
Is anybody going to the #St.PatricksDay #parade in #NYC this year?
Gabi and Dani get they ass beat by Elease and Mimi Next expisode gonna be goo
I'm going to start crying out of frustration.
Do you have a boyfriend? No, I have a life.
I just love this lawyer ( the one with the infant). #goodwife. Such a good crap starter.
Just waiting for a phone call.
You got it bro!
I really wonder what it's like
yes who!
I might've just eaten an entire rotisserie chicken. And by "might've" I mean "yes". Crispy skin FTW...
Nice work so far ! Keep grinding this weekend and sink some putts!
No, I hadn't seen that! Nice!
"What you worrying what I am earning, money I keep burning as the world keep turning"... Lil Kim
good luck
somehow, despite the soft bigotry of low expectations, still disappointed in
Achor's presentation on happiness is probably one of my favourite #ted talks of all time.
Exciting news! adds #ICT degree program, campus, tech center in Rwanda cot.ag/rb5JKH MT
Puck for Glee's voice is pretty fucking sexy.
Going offline for the rest of the day maybe cause I feel so terrible :(
Hoping for a #GreaterThanMoment when UA wins it law suit against those old timers trying to make more $$$ any way they can.
Consider our gallery on New York Ave betw 9&10 Sts for a stop. Good parking & we're happy to cross-promote!
people deserve how they getting treated.
If someone can give you a reason to why they love you...they don't love you, they like you. Love is based on emotion not definition!
Florence and The Machine tonight, she's no Barry...
Who wants to chat?
RT PLEASE: Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year? I support Take a stand with me.
80 degrees and Sunny all week in #Chicago! and yes we do have a beach in downtown!
are you a big Cass fan?
I see youu playing Titanium :)
mom just told me if I was never born she'd live alone with 69 cats.
lmao at "fine before bill" RT : lol Dr. Gregory House, Batman & Bill O' Riley I was fine before Bill...
Let's take a walk down memory lane, LiLGrlBigrBoOtAy hahahaha
Damn, i really miss talking to you! power go back on!
Watching #educationnation chat on NBC news site. One huge problem: Teachers eat their own.
remember how we were supposed to get a drink together..............hm
Unbelievably peaceful and beautiful morning in NH. Definitely a songwriting day.
well, im going to sleep NIght everybody. Remember #NEVERSAYNEVER luv all my family<3
Hey Liz!
Looks like MPD is pinching drivers illegally using carpool lane on Whitney Way ramp to eastbound Beltline.
on the Vlado website!:)
Join us for Imperial Stout Fest this week - featuring four very rare kegs from Denmark. We'll offer flights so you can try them all.
not a 'job' from 'the man' I mean a real career of being awesome
Being dis perfect iz so hard.
name the price they in good condition
I needed wowza and apache to both listen on port 443, if you have them on two diff ports it will work on one ip
oh god that is my highlight of high school for sure!!!
I'm still at the hospital and it's cold and the lady won't give me my shirt back
Giggling at the clanging cowbells whenever announcer says "Spitznogle." Have feeling it would turn into drinking game if there was beer.
SEND ME A PICTURE!
okay bout to do it now my friend...
"Ask and ye shall receive" sometimes actually works!
Central Coast Alliance United for a Sustainable Economy is presenting district maps.
☼ A lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water. Carl Reiner
is so flawless. Watching live videos all day.
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.8: 27 colleges & universities in Western New York.
“: Free #juice. Let my dude go!” fuck... What happened?!?!
Excellent idea! Playing (and learning) at the museum works up quite the appetite!
Nine apps your mom will love: Google picks its favorite Mother’s Day apps
Last time I've been to the strip club in milwaukee .................. I'm still thinking about my answer it's been that long
i'm gonna suggest they put an ihop in at work. forget the rita's!
Very true. I tend to get my hopes up for them, then I'm disappointed when the movie comes out.
I just gagged. Cause it smells like fucking fish in the damn bathroom!!!!
I Loove you , I'm your biggest fan, you have no idea how much I'm crazy for you, follow me please ?????? 2
The drink looks good. But I think I just threw up in my mouth a lil from the name.
I love Tufte's books but I also love Safari Books Online - in both web and 'proprietary crap' formats. :-) keep it up!
New Stats: In 2011, Hoosiers provided more than $4.5 billion dollars worth of care for loved ones living with Alzheimer's disease.
Plus, look at Greg Oden. He should be on the Geico commercials.
We couldn't make it without your support. Please visit our website for ways you can help our kids and our organization continue to succeed!
I'm right here . Come to america so we can date
Now please proceed with the rest of your #obviousheadline hastag.
You and me both! : I will never be part of bar program that does "skinny" cocktails and includes calories counts on menus.
I sense poetry not far behind.
@#chitown bound. T minus 6 hours.
Kidnapped by moms last night
have a great flight. Can't wait to see you
In #Philadelphia with for the day on our way back to #NYC horray for a Philly #vegan day adventure before work on Monday at
It was VERY touching last night to see so many people here in DC to help us celebrate a life well-lived in Peter B. Goldberg. Thank you all.
valid point, thanks for the feedback; and yet more time seems likely to be spent on a new video game than a single album, perhaps?
And we're on the road
In an increasingly competitive world, every organization whether commercial, government or non-profit needs to stay ahead to survive
RT : I have so much love to give, I just want to make sure I give it to someone who will #lovemeback in return.
A Bible that is falling apart usually belongs to someone who isn’t.—C.H. Spurgeon
$$$ is my motivation
They were going to kill me!!!--new page update today
So pumped to play at St. Paul's tomorrow night!! Can't wait to kill someone.
Raining in la kinda nice once in a while:-)
y would someone end ur life?!?
good luck tonight lady!
Happy New Year!!! God bless!! <3
like Tom Hanks!?
#Havin' a nightmare means somethin' good will happen;&:))
Going on record now, Jordan Dorsey wins American Idol 10.
Thank you David Fantle from for being apart "An Evening with the Arts"! So glad you were able to help us out!
So excited that is now on the #Patriots!
my friend just asked me what date Christmas Day was on... #dumbthingspeoplesay ;)
celebrating Earth Day with
You're welcome and same to you. Love, many blessing and have a great week!
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you guys tomorrow!
S/O to or finally listening to her bf and getting a twitter
that's right! A shorter version though. Have to fit it into 30 min.
Oh how people EASILY forget...... such a shame isnt it
I know! I just realized it. I'm thinking maybe the 10pm time, but Tuesday or Thursday, what do you think?
Rox have agreed to a 2-year deal with Matt Belisle.
well you have to be hosted to a website the hosts sites. then they give you the info for wordpress..
Still not home... I just wanna sleep in my own bed..
HOLY SHIT THEY BOTH MADE IT OH MY I CAN'T. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
In the US, it's all about football, basketball and baseball, which makes watching the Olympics so fun and refreshing.
"crucifixation" is now my fave word RT ...christians wear crosses for them never to forget about the dudes crucifixation...
You are nothing less than a hero in my eyes! Thank you!
Question of the day: what would a human know about Love??
Got a lot of respect for! Great competitor. Great career at NMSU. Made Las Cruces proud!
No no no no no!!! I'm crying.
So jealous right now!
they probably won't mind.
Excited to make my return to the beach tomorrow at Stop by for drinks, beats & cool ocean breeze …
!!!!!!<<: Now gettin older heart gettin colder>>
Happy bday bob dylan :)
Bruce Irvin might be best known for making honorable mention on the very prestigious HP All-American team in 2011...
Diving into the depths of investments just because someone said so, is not a wise decision. Research is the key.
M's lineup could learn a thing or two from how Jeter and Granderson extended that inning. probably shaved a couple batters off Felix' night
workin' away as usual...lol....& you?
Interesting video, but companies get sued for false advertising a lot, & bad publicity for Fox alone would be fun to watch.:)
Playing schedule Tetris.
Need help finding a cheap apartment or hotel in NYC this week.
I remember Justin's Twitter hour about 2 months ago. He talking about viagra. I cant! (;
🙌Neva took class with em but as far as I new he was a good dude his son is in my prayers rip Malcolm 🙏😳
I sent some stuff over
Nice job. Knew you'd be big after '99 double whammy in Phoenix.
"Let's keep rockin, dummies!"-
Congrats to my best friends and Matt! Couldn't be any happier for you two! Love you both to the moon and back! xoxoxo
you know i am! hope you are having a wonderful time!
Or, hmm, maybe it's the 62 tabs I have open in #Chrome ...
If we are creating ourselves all the time, then it is never too late to begin creating...
yup, thx for letting me borrow it from your wardrobe
Proposed solution for education problem in Indonesia: "Open" professor means that a professor can help several universities at once
Thank you so much for being here and offering your insight. It is greatly appreciated!
Favorite beach resort in the world _________
C'mon, you gotta give some points for creativity
depends on the kind of smacking you're going to be doing...
Cant fuck with somebody always feeling sorry for theyself..gotta keep it moving...
#Imhopingthat things change for the better.
I told him, if YOU had gotten hurt, then yeah, I would be all HA-HA. But losing a child? Never. No matter WHAT kind of ass you are.
I'm digging "absolutely" can i get a 6 minute version of that, if it's not taken?I'm writing about how to make a physics engine.
Change of plans - Pazzo will be open today, so come on down!
The winners in history understood the significance of timing, action, & context to produce a desired effect in reality!
Congrats , you've won a pair of tix to at NJPAC Fri night! DM us your name & phone number!
no way .. I'm in Pensacola
Goal! Barcelona 0, Manchester United 1. Nani right footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal.
i got cut by my own skateboard and my friendz think itz halarious wow! :)
haha what's he on there for now?
A half day of carving on the mountain is exactly what's needed before work.
just so you know u dont have to pay to say hi and get a REAL good look at me. we can talk 4 free i got sound set up and cam-to-cam also m!
Music videos matter in 'Spectacle'
Fuck off is the worst shit n the world
Had a great time at the show tonight. Thanks again for the tickets!!!
When life brings you down grab a down pillow
Bills fan worried RT “: Because he's a big name and fans want to hear it. RT Why is the backup QB having a PC? #Tebow”
I wake up early on my born day...
Let them eat dog
her neme is
okay sounds good!
But I changed my twitter name, is apparently not a good enough reason for new company business cards. Darn it! Haha!
The latest crisis at IMPD is indicative of a larger #Indy problem. How can citizens help? Call in tonight and share ideas: 317-736-0950
Demi is a judge on X-Factor US and the boys will be performing on it ! NEMI will happen ok :$
THE GOOD NEWS, a free suspense story available at Smashwords through 3-10-12. A life and death story of a small boy trapped in an elevator.
Keeping records on their calls. They're many sites in RE: 2 them harassing others.Looking into #ClassAction when I get 2 LA.
cream cheese was a beautiful invention
Tonight is the night my fellow Skeleton's~! #RSA Imagineers- Scotland Episodes! I cannot wait.#GrabYourSpottedDickAndLet'sGo~!
"THE right questions" asked re: Big Box retail in India, too bad time was so limited for deep debate on socio-economic impact
Win #Endurocross tickets from Champion KTM for May 4th event at the Orleans Hotel! Drawing May 4 @ 5:00 PM. #Text KTM to 90210
this bull shittt
Happy Birthday hope your day was great. Eat some cake for me!
So bored at work right now 💩 Is it 7 yet??
C'mon Lakers let's send the Hornets on vacation. I'm sure they could use one.
I totally agree. I shared that same statement with some teen girls yesterday at a luncheon we hosted.
You are welcome! Fun company you have - a nice change from some of the more technical startups we cover at
Writen to mercy
email alerts for new followers? Geez, even I'M not that narcissistic.
M's fans always need to root for other teams to help distract themselves from their own squad.
I received +K about Social Media from Thank you!
cause they're so disorganized and never have enough workers so sometimes I'm doing like 3 jobs at once which is rulllll stressful!
How sweet it is...
49! Not too bad for an old guy, but offense letting us down on the road so far this season.
thanks for the update! Wow!
You're not in Canada anymore...
ship the account! I'll run the gauntlet
There may be some things better than sex, and some things worse than sex. But there is nothing exactly like it.
- The Matthew Mayfield tune, Element.
Woe, is Me...check this band peeps! Disclamer: its heavy!
HYFR hahaha social media/networking is so entertaining sometimes!!
Nothing can be accomplished without "trying"
#myspecialty is getting screwed over and over
I'm gonna miss you..
The Road sits comfortably in my top 10, where it's been for the past 3 years. Not to say it's a comfy book to read.
you are missing your man all shirtless and shit
thank you for starting the "Tuesday's with ". Easily the best show I listen to all week
If you thought you were needed, You were wrong...
i don't even know how i did it.
Goldie chorus could knock harder.
Crafts galore this weekend in LA: &
fo real! i'm sitting here with regular old dudes & they didn't NEARLY react to adriana like yall did to DB!
I am going to take a long, long......long bath, this has been some week!
Erm, I mean
All the players on the san diego chargers team are 6'5 or taller
It's such a beautiful day out, took some vaca to enjoy it.
"Dirty Bieber Secrets" Is that he scretly listens to while he gets his dirty diapers changed.
Monday morning blues...
H.Yea
Ugh laying in bed not wanting to a. run & b. work...
I'm pretty sure lady gaga was elton john in a past life
Craft the only Buckeye that looks like he wants to be there today
I counted two headlines on Yahoo's news feed today about male celebrities getting a haircut. TWO! Why does America care?
Hey twitter, what's your favorite show on tv?
6.5 mile run and homemade sweet potatoe soup... I think I deserve this glass of wine!
"we're going to win...100% we are going to win" says Giants Pierre-Paul..!! How does this make you feel #PackerNation ???
lets do this
Glad you're making it out to Chicago - see you soon!
anyone on here have formspring? just made onee..
alright. Maybe they were right.. Didnt wanna believe it but okay. Fine.
I was also told how my music and voice had touched so many and reminded of how I managed to sell so many records on spite of recession. Thx
hey i am watching you on net flex damn I didn't know you played precious?? Fucken hog
last week my class was dropping like flies and now were all filing complaints against our creepy math teacher... I LOVE MY CLASS!
I dont know if i'd rather see #TheHungerGames today or cut off my left leg and make stew.
When did I ever compare him to Jordan? Also Jordan didn't do it by himself. Look up who was on his team as big men
Progress...comes through the tireless effort & persistent work of men willing to be co-workers with God- the time is always ripe to do right
why do you have 4,000 followers who arent real people? im so confused haha
JUST SAW
"I'ma let you finish, but Beyoncé had the best video of all time!" /Kanye RT : Thriller Is The Best Video Over
sorry I missed this deadline. Woulda loved a tweetup at Langley :)
What happened ? I cant see if u won -.-
follow me back please(: 4
Watched Idol...love me some Phillip Phillips :)
Ooh juicy! : ohh I got a majorly great piece! Can't wait to tell you all about the swap!
Interesting speech about the need to learn other languages to stay competitive.
lands end trail?
After all these tests today I just want to sleep right now that I'm in bed but unfrotunately there's work :(
Thanks for RT. Hope to see you on Saturday!
One week ago right now I was turning into someone retahded
I get so much more joy following the Jackson Generals than I do the Seattle Mariners
I lost a good friend today. I really hate this feeling.
I would highly recommend writing a business plan. No one is going to give you money otherwise.
cause I wanna see but fine then!
oh thank you very much hope that I gain much, really I would love to ONEDIRECTION that follow me, kisses
So late to the party on this but Sale to the 'pen? If he's sore would rest not be better?
gotta catch em all. btw--are bug repellent candles allowed? assuming no since they are distant cousin of the firework.
I'm going to go home and relax... get ready for my show tonight!
Loving the 15 percent off sale at organize.com today on all toy organizers.
Sad day, hearing of Adam Yauch's passing. He was an incredibly kind and talented person. Prayers out to his many friends & family.
Thanks for joining us today for #smallorgs ! Any suggestions for our next chat?
hey, the KCjazzmabassadors are now following you on twitter
It's RAINING RATS!!! Panthers fans in South Florida get it. Go Panthers!
Well Dang lol thats not good you need to fix that ASAP lol
Twitter is journalism's rough draft.
RT : Totally agree. I think an order is in order for in the future.
You cannot defect from an insight..You cannot unsee what you have seen.
"And the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more." - Erica Jong
Went on long, paranoid rant about how staff are robots, mentioned time-traveling Chester A. Arthur - 5 stars
i cant wait till i go to Florida(:
No, not yet. I'm accepting samples of work and proposals right now. Give me a call or email me Tahnesha 404 7710164
Really hoping this antibiotic side effects dont kick in just as I start 2 perform 2nite.
Sent DM back...
Daddy's (Liam) face. lol. he's hurt. joke. :)
what is it to register with the Guild?
Enjoying the browsing experience within the twitter iPhone app.
Oswalt makes me so horny.
#AmexVirginAmer really excited about may tri to #seattle !!! thanks
Twitter on my phone >>> on the computer
just list your restaurants that would create a riot
OMG Nick Guess what if we Make a School for Only Us ICONiacz will youh Come :D :)ILYShawty<3
if you dont like me remember its mind over matter; i dont mind and you dont matter.
does not care one bit about Instagram.test ifttt
Interesting, we'll have to get back to you.
Drank a glass of iced tea and thought Thanks for getting me hooked! Miss you bro, hope your safe, can't wait to have you back!
If you're thinking about standing in line for fest tickets, don't.
How is Jaclyn in this? She is...really weird looking. Whatever happened to the Blakely+Monica lesbo thing? I was so excited! :(
listening to .....i miss them!
Salty Treat of the Day: Create your own low-fat trail mix by mixing no-salt nuts, sunflower seeds, raisins & a tbsp of chocolate chips! M
that's one of my old ones.:) Thank you beautiful!
Happy Birthday young one! To be 22 again. enjoy
People hate on Chris Bosh, but they ARE missing him, non-debatable!
When someone is telling the truth, it's the same story with the same details EVERY time. When someone is lying the details change.
God in game version xD
Alot of people gone hate me the rest of this year.... Wait till I drop my 32 Bar Take Off!!! They not ready 4 this one...
Karma for what? haha.
About to embark on the 3rd step of the interviewing process for a company, an intelligence test
Or re-purpose labs to collaborative spaces MT : Removing the labs is incremental; maybe think reducing the labs
hay guyz c: any chance u coming to dc?? (:
loving the avi :)
now your free rolling your buy in Thursday Haha
Just taught myself how 2 French braid my hair!!!
Damn, the weather is so nice.
Going to the gym now! :-)
Want to know how to get free #nook books? Put 0.00 in the search field of the shop.
when you have to force yourself to be polite to stupid people who don't get that I don't care he's banned from the mall
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
I just put raw egg on my face...
RT - Kettani cut by Pats after being ordered to Navy: FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) -- The New England Patriots have re...
Went for an iPad 2 & they're out of stock. :(
suck my dick
#coe2012 It was great speaking with you all at this year's Council of Executives. #Goodwill innovates!
RT : Tim Tebow: I don't always complete passes, but when I do I prefer the fourth quarter.
I pray you get healed from all pain hurt and anger settle Down peacefully
like your looking at his hair ;)
Madison Craft Beer week. Let's do this.
See thats what some of yall get for givin my Lakers to much last night thats all imma say
right, I know! I live downtown and thought about buying a chicken, actually.
Let me know if you make it to the showing.
props to papa Ron for being a hoss behind the wheel lol
In a profile photo colors, stripes, width of tie or lapels can have a flattering unflattering effect. What works in life may not on film
Damn it. Chad Qualls is the weak link. Always get nervous when he's in there. And that's why.
that was only as joke to get you to laugh ;)
Yeah right, Georges Perec. I barely poke holes into "the subject"
Why wait any longer? Start growing your business today! Visit us at www.MyBizXchange.com.
The weathers been real bipolar today.
neat. Have you watched it?
I don't feel good at all.
Financial systems for software companies don't easily accomodate #subscription businesses - need a new income statement
ah! Theyre coming in from all over the country! I love it and thank you!
Any suggestions on where to through a bridal shower on the westside of Cleveland? I want it to be a fun atmosphere.
truth “: ": "Wait, can you take another picture of us? Last one, promise." #TSM" guilty on this one fersuuuure..”
I taught last quarter using that method. Most (not all!) students enjoyed it.
Had a rare American cab driver this morning. Actually from Chicago. Asked him for his favorite pizza. He recommended Gino's East.
thinks Chardonnay is 1 of the best organic white wines they have ever tried! tinyurl.com/5r9tv6u
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success. Dale Carnegie
What's up with fun sized candy ? There's nothing fun about "less" candy.
Anyone knows how to make a pretty compliment in Spanish?
#Pats get a rematch of the #Superbowl they lost to the #NYGiants. Do you think Peyton Manning gets #free tickets since they play in Indy?
Random thought - if your pants are so tight I can see your THONG, then it kinda defeats the purpose of said thong.
I really want to sing Bill Wither's Lovely Day at karaoke, just to prove to everyone that I can hold that note.
wonderful piece on Pyara and other area spas in the current issue of !
Happy New Year! Have a safe evening & we'll see you next year! www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Portland's Remodel Expert!
Steven Yang, Follow UP!
Adjectives make everything better. Hey, we never talked about freelance design stuff. Next week sometime?
And even though it's going to rain tomorrow...I don't care. Spring is here and summer is on the way. LOVE!
"Success is achieved & maintained by those who try and keep trying." W Clement Stone
Creature of habit: Tonight I will be watching episode five of must see new TNT drama Dallas. Yup...it is as good the second time around.
Check out for the latest in #EDM in NC. The next couple of months will be #EPIC. , ,
I am about to root my nook simple touch. You have no idea what I'm talking about, up here in the world at the end of time.
oh man i think i want some grilled cheese sandwiches with tomato soup :(
Hardwork+Dedication+Skills=Success That's the chemical balance of a Winner!!!
on Monday during his factor show
Sleep time !
Lin doesn't need to play another minute this year to earn that $5M contract. Baron is doing all the work for him!
we are desperate! we all wanna see the #BELIEVEalbumCover just as much as we wanna see "jerry" ;) haha please? stop teasing!
I'm not as good as you? No, I'm better.
heck yeah!
I have told you to shut up like a million times, and you just won't! #shutup??
thanks for posting the pix sis
not unless you have a lawyer...lol
ha. Doesn't matter when you give up 80.
$110 hots on the line RT : Memphis needs to get this.
Holy F*&% I'm bored... send me some entertaining tweets please?
fam you r the MAN...
GODDAMMIT WHERE IS MY MASTERPIECE THEATRE
I'M BACK BITCHEZZZZZZZZ!!!
I am getting it tattooed on me.
#BeenInLove wit him, Loves when he calls just because he is thinking abt us, I will nevA evA stop loving him, I can't, its not in me!!!
specifically referring to the
this album is like amazing I can't wait until it officially comes out ! PF: #RomanReloaded 04.03.12 !
can't wait for #believe!
CONGRATULATIONS ON TOP 4 SAMUEL.. I HOPE YOU MAKE IT TO THE END AND GET A GLEE PART!! LOOKING FORWARD FOR NEXT SUNDAY FINALE--
yeah man they're both cool..I'm checking for some dope graphic designers I know right now..
Don't have to worry about anything #ThatsWhatIWant 
I just registered && purchased my tickets for the Autism Sings Concert in Nashville! So excited, can't wait to see you! ;)
Goodnight everyone! Stay safe. :)
Innovation happens in Indiana! Muncie's helps aspiring entrepreneurs nurture, cultivate and grow their business ideas
great show. Your supporting cast is awesome too.
wat kinda wrk u gotta do?
*shivering* I am so cold! My teeth chattering & everything.
MT : . & I will be debuting our new cover of "Somebody That I Used to Know" by Gotye tonight at !
wonder how all this flew under the radar, but UK gets a 5 page letter about Cal's win total? #NCAA Hypocrites
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining. --Have a great Tuesday!
Lots of booing of the commish
I miss you too! Let's get our room situation figured out if youre down for saff and mosh like it's 1999.
Can we vote? We'd love to support you guys.
win winner winning
been food just grindin gettin to da pe$$o$
Today the Commander-In-Chief of the United States of America will most likely privately discuss the suicide of Soul Train host Don Cornelius
NIALL'S HAPPY TRAIL SWEET BABY JESUS!!!!!!
If you ever want to write a short article for us about your experiences with synchronous we would love to see it.
I am about to barf.....Not what I expected this afternoon....
<333 i'm all smiles now(:
31 one days down in 2012 and Avery is doing an awesome job! If u want Avery to rock your Ts YOTT style hit us up!
Chiefn blue Dream
5% off Fridays starts TODAY! Lots of Lakewood businesses participating!
RT Sad idiots? RT Who's gonna be watching #KhloeandLamar with me tonight!?
Sir Bob&#39;s first aid Commons campaign takes flight
Thanks to and the rest of the band for bringing the Madhouse to last Saturday night!!!
yo, can you go find Chiddy? Um yea, where is he? I dunno.
That's my pleasahh *John Witherspoon voice*
okay why did & i just eat ALL the halloween candy? maybe i should go buy another bag, for the um...children?
omg its gonna suck the movie industry 2day
This guy doing Britney is killin' me.
one of my favorites...if you have Netflix, all but the last season is available streaming. Enjoy :)
The fact that you think you can walk in and out of my life as you please<<<
SAUSAGE CHEESE BUSCUIT, HASH BROWN AND AN ORAGE JUICE... ON POINT
#Germany Can Good Generals have vices? Read controversial new #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazonkindle
when it comes to gambling, some of us are luckier than others (sigh)
PA appointed new delegates to Congress J Morton, J Dickinson, R Morris, B Franklin, C Humphreys, E Biddle, T Willing, A Allen, and J Wilson
it's like wow with a yow... No need to thank me, it's a gift!
Show tonight at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th. Get there!
good luck man!
dnt sweat thm louisville fans, thy have no morals
Anyone in the Twin Cities area looking for some free live music tonight? Come see The Whiskies at Cowboy Jacks!
yay bus stop #lets go
Unfortunately not. The library is my only mistress tonight.
Great to have a day off after a week of shooting...
No never!
you mean your retarded? Knew it...
Scott Fitzgerald proudly saying he voted for the Fake Democrat--proving that he has trouble telling right from wrong!
Westgate for a little celebratin. Just another day in my opinion to be honest. Thanks y'all for the bday wishes though!
I wish I was my ex best friends friend again. I miss the fun we had together and now it's all gone :/
u not joking bro lol
Yep. Next year, but I still think they can win at least one series this year.
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made.
BOTH hands and BOTH feet this time-LOL!
"turn my headphones up." -things rappers say. Things moms never say.
that's satin. that's a fabric.
Any good articles you know of that compare ColdFusion Builder code insight to IntelliJ's code insight?
- is trying to ask you an important question. Please answer him so we can all sleep at night
I'll drop a note for it; thing is to edit that one, one'd have to edit all and it'd be a resources thing...
Idc what anyone says! Weezy killed it. Just not at how to love. (: lol.
My son just makes me smile
There is only so much time that I can dedicated to a relationship right now..
not sure...we always are rotating beers! Also have the pikes X stout
Can't wait to see the boyz in Tacoma again next year. :)
Practicing for my debate competition this Friday and Saturday!
Can't you do both? I thought you were Superman..
you lucky i love your racist ass, or i'd make skater dude kidnap you :')
Sitting.. sitting.. more sitting.. God I love school.
Shifting to a Platform-Agnostic Work-flow ... Next Up: the nextPub Initiative will be held on the 4th floor in Wilder in TEN MINUTES!
11:11 Make a wish! Good night
than previously thought by the navy.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. Eleanor Roosevelt
justin please follow me
Now I see why dude needs multiple trentas on Mondays. I'm not built for this rock n roll life.
LOLOL! tell us how you REALLY feel. don't hold back! :)
I know you love Madison, but if Madison was this states biggest city there wouldn't be much of a difference between us and ND
that happens to me at 10a. Could be the marijuana.
Can't wait to have my own place #newyorkerintheheart I NY
starburst jellybeans are so fire
The only movie I ever cried in is Marley and Me....and when I say I cried I mean I was bawling for a day💔
"I had one teacher tell me it was a bad idea. but I just thought she only said that because it would offend people."
I'm in love.
thanks baby <3
I went on vacay the wrong week!;) RT Stayed late tonight laughing and sharing stories with small group leaders. I love my job!
#whosgonnalose - Tampa Bay at New Orleans - Tampa Bay will lose
It feels good to have Boston public works verify our 8 drops of clorox per gallon of water, wait 30 mins trick...not so good to need it!
they not ready for you >>>>>
Support each other!!! Listen, D/L, your fellow VA/DMV artist, we should all be listening, theres def some good tunes
Turned out that building an aircraft carrier cake took a while, not really a great surprise!
Wait. Are you sure you want to do that? I mean, REALLY sure?
were based in Pittsburgh
aww. im sorry, i just got lucky that she lives here. lol
Pumped your here, can't wait to see ya'll breaking them down!
Sometimes I hate not having a lot of girl friends.
Our Creative Director Becky Karp spent two days at #ComicCon. Appropriately, her fav part was the comic designers and illustrators panel.
Found out where the good beer is at in wrigley
Looking to purchase snowshoes. Anyone know where to buy?
Lol she silly
Loves it! Cant wait to watch new episode RT : #G2BR is trending in the United States! Y'all better WORK hussies and heffas!!!!!
Zia's is building a bar to go with the pizza! Stoked!
Have bruises on my legs from savage women
neon green and gold. Matte-finished helmets. That's what my nightmares are made of.
doing interview with Ray & Joe show on College Underground Radio tomorrow - will update with details soon
"Our family is a circle of love and strength. With every birth and every union, the circle grows. Every joy shared adds more love."
Nice to meet you Miriam. Mark
ever heard of sunscreen. .wow. #smartkid LOL
I want a cake!
You cant buy love but damn do you pay for it.
Yellow light does not mean stop meat
Birthday day boy at bat. Andre Ethier. #Dodgers take an early lead in the 1st. 1-0 over the
Health Tips: Cold pressed oils are better for you….unless you cook with them, then you are wasting your money
We're at the world's largest Culver's for lunch!!
The espresso bar will stay open for your art viewing pleasure if you come in.
killed it last night in new Orleans. Best show ever and all I could think was "kidd would love this"
Thank you. I will submit my query.
Modernizr exists to put an end to user agent (UA) sniffing.
“: Defeats Kelly Kelly to become the new Diva's Champion #HIAC”about time.
's dance moves are priceless in "If You Want To"
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite Badgers, !
Tell Michael you follow BentleyPC on Twitter and get $20 off any service!
Agreed. RT : Visited the bookstore at lunch. I love that campus this time of year. (Well, any time, but especially now.)
Red Album hot but ur docs advocate will always be dha bestt!!! -G UNIT bitches!!!
Thank you so much for such an amazing time last night Best set ever
don't get me invoked. It was your idea.
yea, i just got my internet back not too long ago. I can start writing stories whenever. That's why I texted u that one day.
County Board of Supervisors unanimously votes on a map that creates a minority majority in District 1!
BAM! RT : With a regulation decision in the Milwaukee game, the #Amerks have clinched a berth in the 2012 Playoffs!
The wind is really having fun with my twirly skirt today. Maybe a little too much fun.
will this process take more than a month or less?
lol blue mud? That's some magic type shit
AAVG nice hits coming back!!!
