"you brighten up the moon and stars at night. You keep me seeing rainbows in the sky..." one of your biggest fans!
"And yet to every bad, there is a worse" -Thomas Hardy
I may suck at two ball but you cheat so at least I have a clear conscious
i would say the same of the Celtics
Kill and bury what's left of um....
- Heading there Wednesday. Whoop!
Wednesday and the work week is halfway finished! Today is home to our CHICKEN PAPRIKASH 5.99 SPECIAL!
Perfect! Thank you so much for the rec! :)
Coffee... Yes yes, that good kick in tha a$$ in tha morning!
Okay! Right after this Stacey Q :D
If I was fighting Floyd my son couldn't come to the fight
Well hello there insomnia...it is not nice to see you.
I can't believe we are waiting on Waukesha county again...
shoot I'd rather have the intersect in my head like on the tv series Chuck lol
Cool Urban Outfitters gives the option of email receipt. Right on.... I hope this idea takes off everywhere!!!!
just started using SkyDrive, have to admit I like it-the formatting is just so much better- only drawback is can't edit on iPad?
K-Mart Skyhook! What a sight.
I feel like this pregnancy is going by soo fast
the NSA and CIA are watching you
or making fun of pale kid's white legs
Would I bang her??I would bang her on top of you!!
i hope that some day gets on twitter to read my mentions. here's to hoping.
took you long enough.
@ the Rendezvous about to play. What a great venue. And the stage manager is th nicest guy. Dry River Yacht Club (AZ) goes on next.
why don't you ever respond to my tweets or my Facebook comments? You mean jerk
Hey beautiful friends and non-beautiful friends, our love for you is unconditional. So in return we ask if you like to be in our next music
lol what about it
Ready to be back in Philly , shit aint right
just say "scoreboard" and walk out.
idk but you can see may weather getting upset and cotto getting confident
Voting for tonight on #TheVoice . Love his story, style, and voice!!!
are you going to landmark so you can use your fancy punch card!?
Case 39. Such a good film.
haha ayy girl don't be scared! God forgives us! 🙏🙌 & m yummy!! Lol
As a small business owner in Madison WI, I oppose SOPA and PIPA. They are nuclear threat to Small Businesses.
The definition of a life well lived: #TimHetherington war photojournalist and recorder of the everyday
#BeautifulBaby, you know it!
I've always had that. It's the occasional public ranting and fist-pounding (metaphorically) that I need to do more often.
ha deal. Come next thurs
just filled me with warm fuzzies.... not to be taken out of context
yes we will!
If I had a dollar for each time someone said I'm good instead of I'm well, I'd be rich!:)
What's up thanks for the follow!
RT : Make at least one big mistake a week. If you’re not making mistakes, then you’re not trying anything new.
Hello Twitterverse! We're getting closer to follower #1000. Looking forward to seeing who will win the autographed CD!!
well I'm probAbly
ahh, missed that. must have just happened, as I spent a long time cutting Weather Genie down from 32mb to 18mb a few weeks ago
I say gay cap and trade: every straight divorce means a coupon for one gay marriage.
have had the same thought!
Right now we're in a position where we're not high enough to get who we really want, but too high to pay to get the next best options.
Didn't even think of that. #Pollyanna MT BTW I am afraid of what I will find if I click on your hashtag
Lmaooooo :) but, how are you doing this finnnnee morning ?
Just tuned in. I see it's the Blazers scrubs vs. the Golden State scrubs. Wait wait... those are their rotation guys. My bad.
Have a party or need a table reservation this weekend? RT/DM with your inquiry and we will respond right away! Thank you #Chicago!
finally the #Pens are getting their heads in the game!!! LETS GO PENS!!!
I don't agree with you, but respect that you have the right to your own opinion! just showing you some love!
Lana needs a new mat for bikram, any suggestions?
last week of #Serials for a while! It's going to be amazingly different this week! support the Bats and enjoy good theatre
wow when I heard DR wasn't playing I didn't even watch cuz he's there like best player
The adjustment bureau was amazing!!
finally I can make love to my favorite Disney character eeyore
Make 7... Up Yours
:P no! don't be mad at me for no reason!!!
Did you see my FB pic with all the goodies?
“Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.” - Hebrews 11:1
Home from a few days with :)
Just Got To The Barbershop .
Great - I look forward to seeing you this Friday!
An autographed CD of Weirdo is headed your way!
is wondering how it became acceptable to schedule work meetings at 6:30 am
No job training, immediate local and state government revenue, no Federal tax dollars needed the list goes on. Housing is economy recovery.
no iphone
I'm so hungry. It's not even funny :'(
That's cool I'm so nice to u n u fuckin go around n act like I don't exist fucking cool. ! Not
it's you that's weird, not your body 😘
Ugh. can't find a usable clip of Al Gore's Mechanical Lift scene from Inconven. Truth to make a point about great presentations. Help!!!!
We aren't in New Orleans for Mardi Gras, but we are in San Antonio setting up for the Concrete Decor Magazine Concrete Decor Show!
Today we honor our men and women who defend our country - Happy Veterans Day!
Unpacking shipment. It's both arduous and kind of fun. Can't wait to get the new stuff out in public. Stay tuned.
shoutout to you by at #activatenyc2012. Can't wait to see you Friday!!
#confession Despite everything, it's still going to be really hard for me to resist the urge to go for a run today.
Yeah. It would be cool to live there. Super expensive though. Hopefully itll be what I expect it to be.
I'm gonna go ask the pigeons outside Madison Square Garden tomorrow. "Hey Pigeons!"
You're the best!
Market doesn't need new technology. Needs innovative, practical, portable, business model.
Land Rover Defender 90 Project Part 1 : Oem Center
uve been following me 4 a while now
Alex and Aj here to say HAPPY TUESDAY!!!!
no just really bad leg cramps. They wake me up and it's more painful than the time I was stabbed
i enjoy reading about cerial killers
My sister just noticed...that I have freckles.......hahaha
": 14369: i love your account! we should tweet more!" Aww thanks and we should<3
Yea sure I will mi will find u a flash light nokia RT : Yeah cause ah mussi you ah buy mi waan next one
Dwell not upon thy weariness, thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire. - Proverb
Best news I've heard in a long time...The Stone Roses are doing a reunion tour, please come to the USA!
Happy Birthday DC, 210 years ago today you were incorporated as a city. I look forward to the day we get to celebrate your statehood.
nice I woke up awhile ago
Please be at the Denver show in person....
What's next for the great ?
Happy Purim, one day late (oops!)
Here's the thing. I HATE MATER DEI. Cheering hard for Mike Caffey next week... future Long Beach player over current Monarchs all day.
thank you!
I'm right there with you
but still not in lab on time.
Bring up Bauer! haha
Paid off one of my three private student loans.
Sweet lady would you be my
Now the look like geniuses after decides to punch shit! 100 millon dollar bro & you act that way? lose the rows
Obviously I was gonna be stressed out and upset, and I didn't mean to take it out on you.
We tend to live up to our expectations. -Earl Nightingale
Westbrook kill yourself b
Thanks for the RT.
smalls, if you had to estimate, how much swagg do you think we have, combined?
I smilind & realizin my mom did it all for my bein a single parent is hard for her(:She works 2 shifts just to get stuff that i want & need.
you got it mini me!
in your marcs flyer sent to my house. May 2012 9th through the 15th
@ the world yu a fucked up place
making a survival guide by watching apocalyptic movies since the world is ending tomorrow.
Man... who else is glad we got Sundays loss out of the way?
I find that I'm hesitant to follow followers who have no description in the profile; therefore I do not follow them...
Brewers need you, get back home!!!!
love this!
Lineup announcements start Tuesday when y'all are back from slinging mud in the Gorge.
Is it ok to name a song this... MT "Download the Psychobuildings single 'Baby Cops'"
that is priceless
RT : It's much easier to maintain your integrity without compromise than to rebuild your integrity after you've compromised it.
That's definitely trickier.
No matter what you go & do , I told I was gone stay & be here for you , but the generous side of me last for only a certain time !
unite and help get to 30,000 followers!
I've seen it both ways 'It is easier to imagine' & 'We cannot imagine'. AND SO ON AND SO FORTH.
i call this White Mamba lol
Best thing I've heard today "Slide out the crack." Meaning: Go ahead and leave the building.
Virtually anything can happen next... it's just up to you #notesfromtheuniverse <3
It happens lol and not rude if its ur job to tweet! : Is it rude if I tweet while on a conference call? Whoops, too late.
someone get the song 9 to 5 out of my head...
good morning! Y'all r the band in the world!!! Keep rockin'!
yeah Mann, I can't hang. Too short notice, too much money..... Ah I would of loved 2 though. We goin soon 4 sure...
Yeah I remember you. I'm sure I'll see you
Me Too! She Is Hilarious! :)
thank you for reaching out. Love the service.
best story ever!
I can't remember how to deal with losing a best friend. The last time I had to, I was blackout drunk.
the bring1dtous challenges...
chinese new year parade in chinatown !
A "day off?" What's that?
i'm behind on the tweeting! call for artist is still up on the blog, and all of your information for the upcoming show, too. Nov 7th for art
Chicago this weekend for another Seinfeld Trivia Contest at the Ballgame!
Tell us where you stand? Film/television is a multi-billion dollar industry in this country. Surprise! Surprise! There is a tremendous mark…
lol damn its one of those nights? Lol jk
get a room, you two! ;)
#Green Bay Packers are getting no love from the media. WTF?
Wow , I think the #Steelers find Casey Hampton's replacement . Meet Mr. Alameda Ta'amu big dude
Who can guess our managers favorite hockey team?
Are you in DC again ?? Love and miss the grill!!
lol i'm really not here. I just thought Andrew was Roberts brother -_-
. IndyCar can only hope! Those are the type of big consumer brands series needs to help take it to the masses.
Do you think that Joe Scarborough has a mental disease?
Snowy Portland= bad traffic! Call the hotel and ask for tonights #pdxsnow rate, $79 for tonight you don't deal with traffic tomorrow AM!
I know he's going to miami to see that bitch . We are so over :)
Happy 67th Anniversary Mom and Dad!
thanks so much! :) super glad you are enjoying the music
Mexitinis, my dudes
would you like some icecream yes i would
What's better guys, ex sex or make up sex?
so scared right now
If anyone wants to go with and I to Monicals, you're more than welcome! Just let me know
: thank you & #Westin for interceding on our behalf. You saved our vacation!
Oh! We can't have same-sex marriage but we can marry our cousins?! I remember when God said that, North Carolina.
The next 18 months will be interesting.
He's got the BIG MO now!!!!!
And 160,000,000 boxes of Girl Scout Cookies! I'm so in! RT “: 640 Million? That'll buy a $h!t load of Doritos Locos Tacos.”
Fellows Friday with Lars Jan
It's a lifestyle - train like there's no finish line.
thanks dude see ya soon!
I'm DVRing it. Dont spoil it!!!
There shouldn't be an excuse why u don't talk to me anymore...I thought u loved me? Oh well I was wrong I dnt need to waste my time on u</3
It's not where you are it's where you belong.
“: Is there *anybody* who likes Ubuntu's new "fuck you, you'll have it our way" interface?” From what I can tell, ... No!
Stunned? I will be graduating this time next year though, so I can then officially work as an adult in the biz. :-)
Thanks for the follow Brooke.
When the # 13 team in the nation gets steamrolled at home they're not the # 13 team in the nation.
you definitely got the ball first man second. Not a penalty. We luv you man.
Some would rather have an incredible anointing & a jacked up life, than to have a solid anointing & stable life.
Wonderful shoot yesterday, thanks to everyone who came out! HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Simboya Ent.
How do I always look at the clock at 10:06 my birthday!! Oct. 6th ha, crazy
Hey Buddy :) How's Are Ya?
I don't trust you
finding new restaurants and posting pics to
i guess thats what they think!! bleh....
The nose is a little tight on the Leth, but peach flavors just pop on the palate
Barry Lyndon! (That took me long enough.)
Superhero Movie night!!! #xmen #hulk now #ironman w the family!! Life is good :)
I am a total Bradford Cox fan. New Atlas Sound is excellent.
singapore culture
I guess when it comes to you I'm on some " ill see you when I see you , hi and bye " type shit *shrugs*
Damn. My bed kicked my ass while I slept! Got bruises all over my bod....Not sexy and I know it!
just being real with you if that's rlly what your planing on thats 100% what's link to ur mixtape? And no problem :)
Great interview! Very informative!
Until the paralysis bit, sounds pretty good to me.
so thats why your music has that empty feeling to it.. you're a cat hater
If brevity be the soul of wit, I'd better decimate these #Artwiculate screeds into bytes digested easily.
Mean Girls oh snap!
I hear my dad snoring.
I think the fact that things work out for him is the part that's hard to believe. It's a romantic's fantasy.
that class is retarded.
I laugh too loud, too. (xoxo)
will do. Couldn't do easily earlier. How long r u here? U shld stop by lost ark vid games on sat night! My hub's place.
hip-hop space opera huh? me and can dig that ... we'll see you guys on the 1st
College is so much better than high school! I actually enjoy getting up and going to school :)
Im just fortunate to have ib merch :)
What up doe!!!
That's a win streak right there!!
thank you, thats so sweet lol
Periodically I recall telling , in total sincerity, that I really, really like guys that are shorter than me and I laugh. Hard.
Just checked my system for the Flashback Malware and I'm clean :)
happy cinco de mayo!!!! enjoy the festa and have the best food delivered look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo or call 303-999-0785
ok, text you when I'm done. see you later!
Loved 's speech at convention today.
Getting distracted by fashion...
&#39;Harry Potter&#39; Faces Final Shot At MTV Movie Awards Glory
Photography homogenization at its best!
A pot of Darjeeling with a Eggplant & Pepper Parmesan Sandwich and the Creamy Celery soup (V, GF) would hit the spot today.
Zimmerman never "apologized" to Trayvon Martin's Family! He said "sorry for your loss." WTH does he think they have a loss!!!
cause unless your actually bowling, its boring... Lol
met you at choice lit dinner. As a building principal we will utilize your work to inspire students to be lifelong readers :)
feel better austin(:
he's writing hit songs for other artists. "Big Green Tractor", "Are You Gonna Kiss Me Or Not" & Live A Little" to name a few.
yes lol my computer and my phone!:)
RT Just took the most intense power yoga class south beach. I am sweating head to toe! What an awesome workout!
Ya totally I love the Heat I am from Miami :P but the Celtics are a close second
yes. Leebabe strikes again.
no but they look broken
Exploring tweetdeck thanks to you. Now to figure this thing out...
it needs more Bacon! 👌
Apparently I can learn to levitate for 30 bucks.
here he goes again! I can't wait to check out the new Dallas!!!! (Gonna steal them from Jas ASAP!)
12 Days o'Twitter: On 9th day of Twitter Santa Claus gave to me 9 maids a milking (who wouldn't like that?) f/8 & be there AGENCY VII 6GB...
they old they should be sleep... I'm back at home visitin... Actin like they aint gotta work
you go girl!
hood life is not for me
I won't bust your balls about messing up the lyrics.
you're new album is perfect !
Right on, Kev!
Who can i look to for inspiration to try and get better grades.~ asdjl.
it's all the way down and my friends are the only one in the row!! Lol.
TONIGHT only from 9-10PM Rodney Mart is selling UDCreamery pints buy one get one 1/2 off!
All the way home to realize I forgot my keys on a couch 40 minutes away
Excited that my first article (4th author, but still!) is published in the Journal of Academic Librarianship! Next step - 1st author.
Does this mean Perry is one step closer to becoming the Presidential nominee and Pawlenty is one step closer to being the VP nominee?
Where are the fight parties!!
Its on VH1
Ok, Crucial ir Kingston to upgrade my laptop's RAM? Going from 4Gb to 8Gb.
RT : Presenting to future Bearcats this morning with !
New iPad white, iPad 2 black. Easy to tell the difference.
Well, let us know and we can work on it together. :)
Continued prayers for the people of Japan.
"When I came to [DC Police] Department in 1964, there were 7 Blacks in a class of 100 [officers]" - Isaac Fulwood former #DC chief of police
RT : Personalized business cards. Great for networking, job leads & for handing out in interviews.
We could be opening and closing acts. A nice 90s sandwich for everyone.
awesome!!!!! thank you so much for setting that up. i'm really looking forward to it!
My ears are being violated by a punk's racist BS playing out loud on the #DCMetro. What I wouldn't give for a small EMP right now.
RT “ If you gone reply to my text with one word don't even fucking text me back... Hate that shit with a passion”
Good morning, Stella! Have you looked over the info we sent you last week? We'd be more than happy to send it again.
Also I am giving you "during race happy you will own it" thoughts.
27 followers! You guys inspire me, wow famous..woah.
Who are some of your favorite local bands?
left a message with your online support to have corp sales contact me 2 weeks ago. Haven't heard from them. Kinda disappointed.
o Chippy sale does transvestites so he's the dirty whore bag I think.
do u have the patience to wait till mud settles & the water is clear? Can u remain unmoving till the right action arises by itself? ~Lao-Tzu
That's if my doorman lets you lol
Good for Adam Dunn. His confidence has to be sky high right now.
i just got home :-)
would love to travel #Europe but he fears non-English speaking people
S/O to for punching me yesterday and leaving two bruises on my arm. #idefinatelyfeltthelove 😒
Prepping for a busy week!
can we call our house next year "The Ray-Barn" ?
yeah no? Lol not happening
The bottom line is that it's all worth the trouble!
Hope that your having a delicious, happy birthday today. Love birthday cake!
The only pain you should go through is the one when your friends make you laugh to hard.
All I want to do is give you a big hug and comfort you as you go through this tough time, but I can't. </3
great to see you last night, thanks for putting the group together. i owe you a beer in NYC
Fans were amazing tonight!
u never rap anymore just beats :0
Totally not sure if it's gonna work with my crazy sched, but it sounds like it could be pretty awesome. What else you taking?
Awesome, MLB is back on FOX today. Welcome back Joe!!! It's been too long.
wake up and text me already,
Gahh there Is a guy at my school who is so hot it's hard 2 look at him!!! 
Johnny Cash is THE MAN hands down
Tonight was my most frustrating night of the year. But im glad it happened. I was tested, but succeeded. Everyday is a lesson & I'm grateful
nah my bf always ends taking mine off lol
American Academy of Family Physicians Foundation Launches Cities for Life
wahhhhhh are you talking about, you're skinny lmao
What's with the smoke and smell of burned wood in miami today
If you hear about a murder in a hotel in Jackson its because I beat this loud woman too severely, I guess I don't know my own strength.
I just realized that September 1st was my 4th anniversary of becoming a librarian.
Just for off back hurting like hell
: I know a secret then... So excited too!
THATS TRUE ,, PEEP MY POLE GURL JAM WEN U FIND TIME COLAB THIS THA DALLAS O.G BUT THA JAM IS AT MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187
Longest day..I need a good workout now
September Line Up : 16th & Celebrating 's Birthday ♫ 23rd ♫ 30th
Work Hard Play Hard , i heard dat in some song on da radio , its stuck in my head
haha, that's true, but you hang out on the East side most of the time, right? I rarely make it over there . . .
is so beautiful and talented i hope she follows me she is Amazing! :)
Can't wait for twa's new album!
the day before and after the major league baseball all star game....
Looking like a great crowd for event tonight on exits.
I want to go to the dollor store to get a pt but I hve no way to get there
Our agency golf tournament gets hotter everyday!! Special model guests soon to be announced!
Jason Allen continues to make plays.
You are right ! You are ready for trivia. Don’t forget, $5 grape bombs tonight! RT Larry King
Wish I could have talked more at #agentRB - & I are doing some cool things over here. Wanted your take on it
Ladies and gentleman, truth is now exceptable, fame is now injectable
Michael Floyd to the cardinals. sick
My whole family is playing bomber man ultra right omg
TELL ME NOT?
You can always order online, but if you want to see Gourme Mist in your local grocer make sure to tell their customer service!!
I need to make my way to the 9 the 9 the 9
"Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional." — Roger Crawford: Motivational author and speaker
The last date I went on was 3 weeks ago. Not good. So now, it's up to Heather!!! LOL
Packing for this weekend's Monster Mania con in MD!
I'm right here. RT : Pimp C back, so wtf is up?
If you want a good conversation go to Stadium Barbers.
AND Divine Romance by Phil Wickham. #nowplaying. <3 Okay that was my last one. ☺
We're #AllDressedUp !! #Pink&Purple
then people only have average looking or ugly kids meaning my daughters wont be able to find a cute boy
hahaha! yeah ): Why do all boys at DMS have to be douchebags?
XD so glad theres no school tomorrow
Isn't being a football "World" Champion synonymous to me being a log rolling "World" Champion?
IF anyone is free to say anything on the radio. Is it ok to Electronically JAM 's monopolized frequencies?
#onlyatSU do the teachers dismiss class early so they can get their party on during the Homecoming festivities. Who does dat?
You and me. Bestfriends forever<3
Why did the king go to the dentist?
Good day for Miami: Vilma done for year and Shannon suing for money owed.
same thing as the helicopter circling my house for two hours yesterday AM?
Just started following the Dalai Lama (thanks to 's RT) and now Twitter suggests I might also follow Schwarzenegger. Um, really?
Be a lamp, a lifeboat, a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd. ~Rumi
HP/Cisco lawsuit ironic given that according to LinkedIn, HP is the 2nd most popular company ex-Cisco emps go to
: House of payne funny af”
Wow. "When I was your age my equipment was a glove. The team had bats, softballs, and issued uniforms."
About to have some GREAT training with Astonish Results in just a few!
Had a funn time at the movies .<3
Sen. Majority leader dean skelos says two early budgets in a row is "historic."
Much appreciated! RT : I want to thank for his generous support of !
God gives us this day; He fills it to the brim with possibilities, and challenges us to use it for His purposes.
Aww Cute! My dog has his own fan, he's spoiled to death lol.
Really proud SVB is supporting in Dublin today. Good luck to the 10 presenting companies.
haha nuh uh! that's funny!
Great game!
Breaks mine too but I'll just keep taking care of my kids and doin what I gotta do! Be good :)
Hey hey hey. What's happening
Oh my goodness..
Slow rain great day to read and relax in anticipation of #hpmkt tomorrow.
I love my job! What a wonderful night:)
Need a job pronto
You know how sometimes you go to a conference and have no idea what the hell anyone is taking about? Yeah.
Most inappropiate thing spongebob has said-"Yeah sizzle those juices":P
The #Angels have been shut out 7 times, most in #MLB while the #RedSox have scored in double digits 7X, also most in MLB.
Colorado trailed by 3 after 1, 3 after 2, and now 3 after the 3rd. with a couple in the quarter for the Mammoth
I'm so thirsty
no problem
that's where mine are!
He mad the actress Lebron is getting all these calls. You would be mad too.
” Just BeYou ;) Everyone else IsTaken ” LIKE
We just love our next promotion, can't wait to tell you all about it!
Bought Dots instead of cough drops (on purpose) this morning. I don't think you are supposed to spend the whole morning eating gumdrops.
<----- follow follow follow... Stay updated on unsilent night 4 (:
hey thanks! We can't wait to open up in 2012.
TD! Stave to Hammond for a 7-yard touchdown. Hammond with a nice extension to break the plane. 7-0 Cardinal.
... is my husband, I'm already following him don't worry ;)
no more roommates for me! Ill stay the independent beezy that i am :)
We started early :)
I'm the h word tight now lol
lol oh ok, and wth is a hash tag?
nice! Have a couple of taco's and go take some pics!!
free food couldn't have come at a better time
invading the OU library today. huzzah!
fashion show choreography meeting!
You too :> And I will! Finally got some sleep, passing out around 10:30 like a lame :D
This has literally been the most annoying and full of bullshit week of my life.There for if someone even dares to get smart .U will get hurt
I just choked on my hot Cheetos when I read that the omg girls song where da boys at was dope I have to hurry and listen to it ah 😍
Wishing you the best Wednesday ever. Jim Please give your team my best!
I want ice cream.
I hate people with fucked up teeth.
$SEFE is so nice!
this thurs. I'd say plan on being there no later than 3:45. It's the B&G club on mcgloughlin.
39 degrees, rain, softball by the lake
#BuildDayMemories Rico comes back for seconds in pizza before the rest of the line even gets their first. Lol
hahaha I KNOW!!!
It very well may!! I was so excited for you to see Scars on 45!! They're so good live.. :(
Beautiful day in the city - sunlight at 6:30am and 40 degrees. Spring is just around the corner.
Jus don't feel like goin to work today.....
Oh dear, hopefully the melties will lead to a nice exhaustion factor now.
Only 2 runs scored. Definitely more action on morning show. They should have MLB Opener ONTHEGO!
It's a Wonderful Wednesday! What makes it so wonderful? You!
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Waking up early for wpdh roofathon....the show will definately be worth it!
It's true though!
Always! hope ur doing good... on c + revu!
Jay Z & Linkin Park collaborating had to be one of the best musical decisions of all time
Happy birthday Greg Glover!! :)
. My pleasure.
That may be the guy who was reported to be skiing to work.
That is ominous RT : R on Gonzalez: "We were all really happy and looking forward to seeing what he was going to do this yr
Thanks for the info!
mahomies understand me so well <3
Grandma is here today so I have I sleep in my room tonight ...
: you are much nicer than i... i used explatives in my shut up! ;)
feels like i'm fallin and i'm lost in your eyes<3
Pan Fried Mediterranean Flounder with Shrimp
Just finished a photo shoot with Chef Ralph Perrazzo. Always great to work with a friend.
I am subbing today - per4mance and Tread It, come workout with me!
ruling the earth is so passé.
BREAKING NEWS- Al-Qaeda was planning to derail a train on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 - ABC News
what they need, is what i have ...
Thank the Lord for pain pills!
Do you know Van Halen's version of "You Really Got Me"?
Indeed! Thx for ur support RT : Cool. Just got confirmation that my company matched my last donation to
yo.wanna do dance dare w david tomorrow?
Thanks, David. So appreciated :)
hahaha i just sit there too...waiting for someone to pass by and do it for me.lmao...sigh, im so lazy -___-
Dear , we're hoping to get lots of beautiful snapshots of Portland directed to this account. Spare an RT for a good cause? :-)
its only after 10 out west.
#FF shoutout to -- the company that provides all my Social Media Strategies course readings. lol
im tied of runin ....
But we both know you're gonna need that much deserved break!
The fact tht people know nothing and continue to criticize
Good catch on the malformed link. Thanks. Should be fixed now.
just got word #radiohead shirts will be coming back into print sometime in september. at least 1 new print will be available. details soon!
Why must I be cursed with eternal social awkwardness? :\
TGIF! who's hittin the links this weekend?
Thanks for doing what you do!
Love and prayers today. Let those you love know it and feel it. Life and love are unpredictable. Cherish them
I haven't been remembering my dreams lately, which sucks because I like to remember them
HeLLo mR.nAnDoS...hOw aRe YoU???:))) tAkE CaRe AlWaYs...
I haven't been as jealous of someone who wrote a song that I wish I had written in a long time - but tonight I heard...
But also not surprised this happened 3 days after introducing him to Adam. Coincidence? I think not.... :)
we've been hiding this particular light under a bushel basket for too long. Let it shine!
From a social media perspective, we do a pretty good job on engaging with clients.
[oops, thanked myself earlier:] thx for RT! and for ftw12 tweets! hope it's an awesome day!
hey u
This sort of thing must happen during work hours.
Oh great. Please keep me updated. It's one of the things I'm working on at UCLA.
Today was another tough match up for my U9 team but they do play their butts off & I love it! 2nd half was only 1-0.
YUMMY:D what kind of pizza?:)
I have so much work to do today :(
true that hahah
Try our $5 made-from-scratch pasta lunch specials from 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. daily. So good, so cheap.
Oh yeah!
Happy Birthday, Jolene!
Curves wit bbabe yaaaaah bitch excellent
I do! I need to make sure they aren't a freak.
our goal is to send 100 million meals to crisis food pantries in US schools each year. Will you help?
Bwahaha! What goes on that sandwich?
#Jobs is on the cover of Adweek, Rolling Stone, People & Biz Week among others. What other person would appear on all four the same week?
loves mindless television after midnight :D
I would go anywhere to feel like I belong.
Awe snap! 😍 Gonna be a great weekend, and I'm so glad I will be able to spend it with you. Lucky boy right here. 😁
Unwarranted stop & frisks are poisoning the relationship btw communities & police. The path we're on is making NYC less safe & must change
The same people who have called our President every racist, bigoted name, are falling apart because Goober died.
Sounds perfect. Wish I could join you
Loving SCOTS "8 piece box" on !!
I will for sure! I love you.
I get the bunny, baskets and eggs part but the rest of these posts, it seems people are discovering Viagra.
Brunch in gtown to watch the kick some ass!!! Yeahzaaaaa
Where are the haters now
Any takers to see the Pacers play Linderella on St Pattys Day? It'll be linsational...
Kissing pink.
anyone know if 2 yr olds need a ticket for the at petco?
": To any jury psychologists: would a lawyer juror help Oracle or Google in this case?" It depends on their belief system.
We love jesus but u can learn alot from satan!
Cold drinks and high school friends
really? I always thought it had to do with fonts. #whoknew? 8-P hahahaha
Why not do something and co-sponsor the FRAC Act (S587)?
Louis Vuitton condoms: Classier than a mofucka.
The Patriots are Tiger Woods. The Giants are his Driver.The Giants are the Patriots duck hook into the woods!
I don't WANT to be challenged. I want love. And maybe some carbs.
We hope everyone has a safe and relaxing 4th of July weekend!! Enjoy the weather!!
come on man! it's
then again, I'd like to teach production, which is quality-critical. Teaching the bagpipes is probably not as critical.
no we aren't open today. Sorry girlie!
ha, not sure. Beatles songs don't tend to get stuck in my head;)
It's just destiny. I'm not designed to be happy.
I shouldn't see you tweeting if you have yet to text me back.
The shit you say.....
I love legendary i wish i was at home watching it
Right. We're planning for two nights. Hopefully, that will work.
Days like this make me wish my last name started with "A"
Just having mobile wallets will not drive user adoption. Offers & coupons will entice users to actually use a mobile wallet
Thank you for the RT! I actually have 1 more kit to give away if you would like it! Just DM me your address!
At Torrey Pines High School Foundation fundraiser at Belly Up in Solana Beach. Good music, good people, good times...
Is MCMA 2 beta safe to use for my server?
we need more drama games! Like heavy rain... And survival horror :)
We must learn to see "opportunitity", We often look for a basket of apples and miss the apple tree because we don't want to pick the apples.
I am embracing and endorse the new champs in WWE
#imagine Louis taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills. Louis: you like that babe? You kiss him.
I'll be at tonight to stand in solidarity with Scott Olsen & #occupyoakland ...wish I could do more
Key term to negotiate for from cloud vendors is they will use your data only for purposes of providing you services.
Seems like everyone's talking about it.. #knut rest in peace
fun fun!
Raise your hand if you thought the Orioles would be 11-7, with ONE lost series to start the season?
One class down, one class and thesis corrections to go!
Hm, it's kind of sad how you can lose friends from a break up. That just shows how much you really cared lol.
HOLLA HOLLA HOLLA WHO WILL BECOME THE SPURS NEXT VICTIM RT : Clippers. Grizzlies. Game. Seven. Enough said.
and we need some shoes or else
Home schoolers in Kentucky don't even have to take state mandated exams. It's a form of child abuse...
i know -.- dumb ass people! getting us excited for nothing and shiiiit
your understanding of what is sexual assault is questionable and disgusting.
Happy Birthday !
You seriously lack originality..
Just saw someone reference expo goodies as "conference swag." Love it!
looking 4 a legit manager
#happycincodemayo it more like a holiday for an excuse to go out and drink in the U.S.!!!! in mexico its probably different there!!! lol
ima join illuminati, and just tweet and instgram all the meetings..
Twinkle twinkle little snitch I hope you die in a ditch :)
I will soon!
1. N.E.R.D 2. The Beatles 3. Nirvana
I think I could of done without Holland's Weather Man video.
lol I missed the boat on that show, havent seen it and way too far behind to ever catch up
My #TL dead though
Today is Take Your Daughter to Work day! Did you bring you kid along for the commute today?
good morning my #yngsquad fam and the rest of the twitter world!!! time 2 make this money!!!!
Grandpa's service was really nice. Now onto the reception, mom's birthday cake in hand.
I need verified though. Because and... hold on
tag them!!! I need to meet friends! haha
Some kids with ADD cannot focus if they are not actively engaged, and may get sleepy when having to sit still too long.
See The Sun Come Up Always Makes Me Think Y The Fuck Wuz I Up All Night.
Just made it to my sis house with my men ....ready to eat good
One day I'll find you.
newcastle is ready for ya, the question is r u ready for newcastle?? I cnt wait to see ya rock this place!!! Much love x
Have a ton of work if I am to soft launch the new Media Services site tomorrow, but its shaping up nicely.
3b the button to 6k with KK after Joe El Playaa opened. He shoved 51k with A7cc. A on flop. Down to 68k. Gotta admire the kid's heart.
How elected officials waste taxpayer money - pay $28K to PR firms to tweet and facebook for them because they can't figure it
but its beautiful *innocent little girl voice*
Love your music, Sadie! Very unique...
Lost are game because it was raining.
Big Birthday Shout out to Meg Krulee..Someone very near and dear to my heart. Her love for me is unconditional and i will always cherish it.
And once again fuck watterson parking
I miss it. The depth of sleep I can get wrapped in the arms of other person.
That awkward moment when you walk into a place and all eyes are on you.... Ha! Yea sexy :)
I now understand why I am liking my kids' current fav show, Phineas and Ferb.
I am off to a meeting. I will get my wife Patti to call in if I can.
Avery Brooks as Cpt Benjamin Sisko on Deep Space Nine deserves mention
wants to do more than watch T.V.
The doors of wisdom are never shut. - Benjamin Franklin
Our schedule is full for today. Limited available time for Thursday.
I like a comedian who can/does laugh at his own jokes. Unlike Woody Allen, we're not just just expected to KNOW you're funny.
Every bar I've been to today has "Taco Tuesday" What's next? "Mexican Mondays" and "Wing Wednesdays?" Oh yeah. Why make a change??
I hope that my #NewYorkKnicks can get this win; if we cannot, then I will accept an inevitable sweep.
yep yep
I was so proud of you
you are right bro
Virginia Elite, 2014, (SF) Obi Enechionyia, St James School receiving D1 looks. Coach Paul Easton had a great 1st year for the Saints.
Nicole Bedford () got #cdp21 off to a great start in B159 with her presentation, great conversation now
we have a great discount going on right now. Call us - 206-720-7017 :D
Thanks! I can't make the 2012 one, but by spring 2013 I'll be living in Berlin, so it might be very do-able.
SO LIKE.. who wants to be in a photo im making for dylan?(:
I hate when ppl categorize women like the lighter the better.
If you prefer this though, make sure that you have plenty of help so that everyone still gets a chance to have fun at the party
Happy to do the Q&A! Just let us know.
Magnificent bold eagle spotted above MLK park.
omg that is way too many classes!!! -.- nombre my mom said that ima just take a break in the summer that I need it & then next
I'm convinced that people who strand their shopping carts in the middle of parking lots are generally awful people.
I have alot going on. Everything is well, I'm blessed just alot of sacrifice lately with business and baby. How are you?
if you are going out your way to be in our way?! then you feel out shined and we ain't really trying -anonymous fact
Only 100,000 followers away from 103,784. Help me get there!!!
yoyoyoyo! fml alex just texted me
Good for you. The TV God demands that only the blood of the valiant be spilled in sacrifice.
will you be joining us for the festival this year?
The struggles we experience in life are only test!
I can't believe that Creed brings in so many people that they need 2 nights at the Chicago Theatre.
“: 1. This is the most last-minute I have ever been preparing for a presentation. 2. I should stay away from open bars.
": Love doesn't care if the glass is half empty or half full; it just finds thirsty people without stopping to measure "
#wordoftheday Ppl often accuse Clark Kent of being a nebbish; but what they've witnessed is only half of his true personality. -Thanks Neil!
Brookfield, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 1200 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Chills.chills.chills.
RT : Be bad. Stay bad.
Do fish sleep?
She likes her momma Ari too, so it's okay
i better get my phone back today...
you're welcome! I am seriously so pumped. I ended up going back and buying a 3rd pair of jeans! haha.
can I have you? K thanks
WELL ONE, HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND TWO, I DON'T THINK SHE'S LEGAL AND THREE, SHALVO
Very nice!
The Nike swoosh symbol was designed by a Portland University student and was purchased by Nike for 35 bucks
If not workamajig, is there any other agency project management software you'd recommend? DM me please.
data sharing and #opengov at
baby unicorns
Will never spend any more money on Nikon. Second camera has gone bad. Oh well, fool me once.....(twice now). Canon here I come
I need to CTRL ALT DELETE my day. My computer is freaking out this morning. It's a sign to start over my day right?
You are welcome, I had such a good time and what great folks.
Have a great Friday everyone! :)
Tyson Beckford jerks off on cam and its a "Sex-Tape"… I do it and I'm some kinda freak… AND I actually have a big dicc to do it! #Unfair *_*
La la la la la la la la bring out the glass tables!
well since no one wants to play my little game...scree all of u..lol jk not really-__-
Oh rain please stop. You're depressing. ☔
The Avengers: I know I should think it was muddled and overlong but WHIZ BANG I'm too busy LOVING IT.
I never thought of that actually! It does physically bridge the musem. I like that.
No being singular plural is what we are as a humanity under the dominating forces of neoliberalism
Standing in line at Chipotle. Everyone wants a burrito I guess.
Enjoyed & appreciate the read.
Late on this reply...but I prefer smart Hulk.
I've decided I'm no longer sick. Any sniffling today should be dismissed as a personality quirk.
So glad you enjoyed your visit!
tweet me a number
New Followers ROCK!!! THANK YOU!
"we should go train hopping" "god, this isn't the 1930's"
Who grabbed the other 2 spots for the men? So frustrating not being able to watch this live . . .
Digging Laura Dern's emerald sparkly dress. Her hair is great too. She looks quite glamourous
You know your team is top class when the people your cutting are better than any teams starters will be missed
well that's pretty home grown!
Canned Corn!!!
aww you look like you're having a blast! Thx for the video!
First real off day in weeks.
Please stand by. The website is down, but we are working hard to find and fix the problem. Thanks for being patient!
where were you tonight? had all the freshest ingredients to make you the perfect #cocktail! Let me know next time!
who are you calling loser?
will you follow back? I love you <3
#HeadlinerFridays brought to you by & ||
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you and your spouse can take your time to decide what is best for each of you.
if we'd dance high school musical i'd wanna be troy. definitely.
all your tweets are hilarious right now. I am going to respond to them all.
it's a thing.
Colorado Won 7-0. Houston Won 10 Unit Play, Arizona is now 6-0. How easy is this again? Holla at us if you want to make some real Money.
It's time to boycott any and all sponsors of that big fat pumpkin head, Rush Limbaugh. He's in a "Gots to Go" situation.
School uniforms next year? Thanks Brian.
ProTip: Do not install an SDK update on the day of the gamejam.
giveaways to answer a simple question
very true. same goes for bottom inning baseball overtime. drives me nuts!
“: Admit it, talking shit is the funnest thing to do.” lol
I better
"Been Caught Stealing." Here comes the mosh.
Biggest roar of the night: season ticket holder hits half court shot for 25K at timeout.
Thanks! It's quite good - really!
If your love was all I had in this life that would be enough until the end of time.
RT maddiegrant RT Don't wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.
Check your email, John. Something should be sitting there from me. :-)
im just so in love with you guys
Umm...will I be having a new boss come tomorrow?
Mark Clayton WR Stl is active and expected to see plenty of snaps. Another solid add to ur depth.
On my first red carpet at the #CCMAs Spreecasting with VH1
4 U FLASH,CASH, & ASS MOTHERF@#KERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD & BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
love it
I was out there!
thank you for following! =]
i think im headn the pub lata u should go by
r u ok
oh cool haha i saw the hunger games last night it was pretty good
omg, stop getting free stuff! you are a luck magnet!
dm would your company have an interest in collaborating?
So tired...didn't get home from the casino until 5am & back up by 9 smh...
Phx. Metro area-Make a difference in someones life while making ends meet. Open your home to an adult w/disabilities
not opposed but it will be a learning curve, I student taught all day everyday kdg yrs ago and loved it!
Zappos takes advantage of the OBL story to sell shoes. Tacky.
I dropped out of college because I hated doing the homework and then decided to become a writer so I could give myself homework everyday.
When you boil water, it helps to turn on the stove
It's really nice, and the light it gives off is, I don't know, somehow warmer than a candle? I love mine. Glad you like it!
I would never leave a cake I made sitting around with you living in the same house . Lol
Happy Hollidays to all my fellow window cleaners!
YEA ARE YA?
I think MJ was talented in the field of music...but come on...he had so many problems
Let me sleep all day and you'll be my bff
Aw thanks B :)
I'm glad you got caught too - is just a bit too subtle sometimes ;)
Mark Reynolds...please make me a believer!
Come on Wisconsin, extend the GOP circus by voting down that Romney clown!
We stand with the 130,000 women of Texas who have lost their access to healthcare! Continue to take a stand for women's rights!
At MWSA 2011 conference,Louis Intres' presentation on how Graverobbing & Theft of Middle Eastern Antiquities is funding terrorism was great.
O! I'm sure the fabulous staff at would LOVE some deliciousness from ! Be sure to stop by!
looking for more....
Pet town til I fall asleep
God you said, if I ask for it and speak it in your name it will be given to me!!! This bottling plant is mine!!!!! In your name, Aman!!
Well there goes Baltimore's momentum. Let's see how Flacco responds.
It really brightens up my day when my mom says she's proud of me. Hard work really does pay off.
To beep, or not to beep: that is the question. RT : Beep boop beep bo beep. *whirr* beep no beep boo boop.
Stay positive when negativity surrounds you. Smile when others frown. It’s an easy way to make a difference.
Very sad to hear of death of Carl Beane #VoiceOfFenway. Thoughts with #RedSox family.
selling my pair of #Milwaukee tickets...Who's interested? DM me :)
Set fire to the rain, soothing ....
the notebook<3
Learn about inspiring women every Sunday morning! Subscribe to receive a short bio this week's women in history: eepurl.com/c6fTI
:) You're the wind beneath my wings, handsome.
hey there. How's your dissertation coming along? Just checking in with you.
alright & you?:)
#favmovietime "Last Holiday" love this movie #QueenLatifiah and
this weekend I believe actually!! Ha and this is my last week of school too!! Ha
RT : I wanna deep throat some good rt now :) who's up:)me
I think my best friend and I are gonna go backpacking through Europe next summer after graduation... #funtimes :)
you're welcome! Here is to good music!
I'm going to North Dakota in MArch!to work @ Whispers a strip club that I hear does very well. Hope it's not to cold!
Hell yeah, we innit.
I've been cleaning and babysitting all day so I've not gotten to enjoy it either. :(
Out of power. Even the cell phone was out of juice and was charging. Cut off from phones and the internet last few minutes.
West palm beach Florida definitely! (:
Who wants to text ;)
Sox are up 10-1, meaning they have, what, a 40% shot of winning?
Fighting for systemic change and digital inclusion
Horoscope said I'm planning an unconventional trip to an exotic place. Is Madison, WI considered exotic after traveling SE Asia for 4 mos??
Friday and Saturday Night Dance Parties - San Francisco Chronicle
A national television show and local stations will begin LIVE coverage of the preparation two (2) hours before the start of the ride.
P Don Mgea GETTING RICH QUICK IS FOR LAZY PEOPLE , the misconception about fame is how it is captured, there is no proven formula but hard …
Yikes! #MixInSomeSpeedStick RT : More like Sunday...whoops.
Please and thank you :) Thursday?
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, Prof. Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus
She sold out a long time ago. She only cares about her career and that moron she's dating, hence I have no love for her.
Don't have writers bock. Blocked by "having to make a living"
Ha, we're gonna stick with Pure. It works for us.
Any chance we can rock YoungAndReckless gear on the show?? Let us know!! Wanna get in on that flavaa
flying all day to Asia
Thanks for the tweet!
Really? She was talking about how he kept looking at her and she had to leave the room cause she was crying. -_-
Merry Christmas from the Rocktagon family to yours!
With every opportunity for full-time work I pass up I get a little more nervous another good one might not come along.
MMSS rregistration complete. Players assigned teams. High intensity training sessions underway.
Raining again? Now I just think mother nature is really fucking with me.
Hey Denise, we just shot you an email!
Please Please Please follow me! im a huge fan of yu guys! yu all have such amazing talent!
B, D, and F! Up now on Numbers and Letters! Get them now!
Thanx Jay I'm finally in the Club lol
So your on DWTS! You should win easily, your athletic, dont weigh 250#, graceful & nice figure. Your a lock!
love footlosse their the best
I am LOVING : so adorable!! Thanks, !
i hope he does as well
know u meant family...i said 'what' as in i have none Lmaooo and u damn traveler!!! i call walking downtown a vacation hahaaa
Yes, we'll have tickets at the door tonight for + The Builders & the Butchers + Awahnichi - 8pm - hope you'll join us!
If you missed the 2011 #SpelmanDMIS student film showcase join us on campus tomorrow at 7pm in Cosby LL31! plsRT!
Thanks for the Twitter follow! Here's to future digital collaboration!!!
: Be glad your team didn't move to the soulless FedEx field...
you already know!
they were clip in... Don't know about her brand!
Mhm! & it was actually just warm this afternoon!
Morning Benny! Have fun at the truck show. Another work day for this hard worker!
Added 1, count 'em,1 new poster into my database. Stop me before it get too big.
is that an Illinois State Jersey?
Meringue is the appendix of dessert substances. Some people are just too cheap to use whipped cream, I guess.
Very odd... But I'm really glad it's working...it would have been a long night at the ref desk without it...
I just saw a video of a doq beatboxinq. O.o
#SchoolMemories I was in kindergarten and I glued this bitch's face to the table because she took my baby doll.
I dunno about the pool getting done, but Ill take u for a ride on my tractor ;) RT LMAO ur on, as long as the pool is built
You...ditched my reading to go see Rachel Maddow? That's what you had to go to Milwaukee for?
The lesson has reoccurred my whole life - sometimes, pain is a good thing & you wear it proudly.
Problem can be easliy solved, R Senate can vote with D and pass the O budget!
Quuer art should be recognized and preserved! RT : We're featured in Reasons to Have Pride in Pride 2012,...
F.Y.I>>#Taurus do not need to meet anyone new unless it has something to do with business and that person is qualified otherwise STFU...
i hope your coming back to Boston soon x Boston Directioners miss you guys <3 follow me?
ok, who has a copy of the kronos 4tet doing "don't think twice it's alright"?
On comt 16, R1.6: clarify inadvertently disclosing confidential info no violation if reasonable safeguards taken
would someone post the list of visits for the day? Look forward to following. Wish we had done this too. Enjoy!
Really hope i have enoigh money for gas this weekend... Stupid school. It costs too much
Del Friscos in Louisville for dinner then who knows-BH
i'v never used an i-clicker. here goes my first time...
Sure. Send us a mention with the petition link and a nice description about it and we'll RT it. ^SZ
I actually switched over to a switch blade for a more spontaneous shave.
Martinez plates Burns with a single. 7-3 Panthers
Who's using pinterest? We just started
"Who Run The World!" ~Beyonce ROCK ON! #WW ashevillewine
#theraflu is fire
ruh roh, that's never good! people like that end up alone, screw 'em
Hi, what's bringing you to Phoenix?
fb inbox me
Fantastic, Amazing, Stupendous!!!
CBS fails to realize this is a basketball game, not a F1 race.
Gotta love madea!
No problem
Two mexicans walk into a cantina...
:Thank you for the follow...And sorry I cant help with the massage but if you need a mani or pedi or facial let me know!
Excited to be going to Iowa. Visiting the Sears call center.
what happened?
Boys were interviewed for their participation in the Ride of Silence- check them out on at 11 or fox 27 at 10!
RT : RT : WHO DOESN'T HAVE FUN WHEN DISNEY JUNIOR IS IN THE HOUSE!!??
New song !! Street knock by swizz beatz
Thanks, that did it. Funny enough, right click + Open declaration doesn't work!
Thanks guys!
Everything is cancelled this weekend due to snow... Now i can relax...
S/O to all my followers
sophia is a good tool- and kids can make packets with it too- working on your canvas comment mystery
You just got shot down player #MaybeNextTime your game will work.
thank you for the RT's!!
A marijuana dispensary is following me on Twitter.
Well I was I just pissed about a little bit too much
WHO. IS. #rebeccablack and what the heck did she do to everyone?! This is crazy.
Independent means we research policies and rates from more than 50 top-rated companies to build a plan that’s just right for you. (weblink)
Well, we waited for a while ....
": Yeah after listening to music Im sold lol!! aWESOME VOICE!!" WOW thanks 4 the love.
One more page, and I'm done with term papers for a few months!
BEFORE --> someone-Austin Mahone is not that hot! AFTER --> someone-OMG Austin Mahone is so #HOT !! :D <3 ME- Ughh!-.-
You got it! I'm currently working on stuff so you can hear me :) What are you doing this weekend?
RT : #FallOfCybertron shouldn't disappoint #Transformers fans when it drops in Fall of 2012
"I'm on a seaweed diet" "Oh word?" "Yeah, I see weed & I smoke it" 💨✌
I figured that out and blocked and reported. Retweeting me to other trolls in order for them to spam me is spam, IMO.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
Let's hear it my fashion dolls, who are your favorite designers?
RT RT When Peoplee don't txt me back but tweet!!! Ugh
Anybody have any good book recommendations?
Cuddling with someone you have feeling for
I know so sad.
KING LEBRON JAMES AND WADE FINNA KILL OKC TODAY !!!!!!!!
Some peeps to follow:
I hope i see my boy frend today (: I missed him so much(:
that awkward moment when you want to laugh in a serious situation
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 24
Honored you're celebrating your BDAY at our party!! RT Celebrating my 21st tonight at the Submerge show...
I might not be everything you ever wanted, but I'm always going to be more than you deserve.
Bro they younger and very , very Hungry!!! Plus 8 days off fresh legs!!!
Understanding the reader's (audience) begins with listening, and ends with crafting effective messages & story telling.
killin beers and makin memories
aww how sweet! Mine don't :( they just quiii at me for responses but no singing or anything. Do you have any other birds?
Day 99 of 100: I am thankful for seeing/feeling very clearly again when I go for my heart - or not (OMG, 99!!!)
my head is going to explode..
I followed her plzz can i win
Heading to LA in a week for some classes and networking. Couldn't be more excited!!
I think just signing in every once in awhile will keep it active.
Afta May 18 uma b a whole new person
So me an my mom came up wit a theme for the baby stuff. Its gonna be sheep :)
Today is the perfect day for tea and the kindle.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Great game!!!!!!" by Ophelia
How do we actually get the 30 days of eLearning? I completed the first module about LiveLink.
I thought he was good but got a bit annoying.
Strange elective Romney foreign policy detour is strange.
Help us fight SOPA! Looking for a videographer to volunteer helping us film & edit a short PSA. email for details:
yeah but I'm busy
Thanks for shout out :)
WOW 345 today! 5 more to be at 350 :)
Hey, everyone follow (which is Alvaro in case you couldn't figure it out) lols
Hi ladies...see you soon!
Can't wait to be on campus in August! #countdown RT :" Looking forward to having you here!"
I Hope It Dnt Hurt
Wisconsin WR Nick Toon () finally comes off the board as the newest member of the New Orleans Saints. 4th round, 122nd overall.
That's what I was thinking...
Being interviewed Monday April 30th @ 8pm on FIrst World Radio. Talking #Mixtapes, mix-tapes and 90s alt-rock culture.
The fact that you creep and take the time to tweet us back makes me love you even more <3
Headed to work blessed with. No stress..
Protests are moving uptown, ZenLive.tv is syndicating the march from the streets. (via TheOther99)
Crack cocaine?
Funny how things work out sometimes. I start out choosing not to eat- fasting. Now I can't eat much:( Continued next tweet
CraZy long lines at the airport today.
I LOVE #Kindred!
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity. Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Very beautiful day today such a lovely day.
Tonight we're going to party like its 1959 at the grand opening party!
I hear that. I been listening to kid, love it.
Thank u guys! You're the best! We appreciate the follow! :-)
Cleaning with my mom and found "business cards" that I made when I was 8. They have my info and say "hangout with me". I even have a fax ...
Our pleasure. Hope you two can get together....
no problem
glad i'm not the only one who realized this.
BROTHER WHY CANT I TALK TO U
well I don't know who this "ziara" girl is Fer....hahahahahahaaaa Was that a typo? Anyway, yeah I told you I'm a good girl x)
Come on down tonight to take our FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn! and get a free drink upon return at the end of the night!
Hey! Hows it going?
Another one on Twitter. HEL-LO!
thanks for the follow. Many fond memories of Boise.
A visit with Bray's and then Thanksgiving dinner with the Nilssons...I couldn't ask for a better day!
possibly lol. Just got back from all nighter of editing and touching up photos. So I just fell asleep. :)
yes I worked with David Langub! We are now at Gables.
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio confirmed that quarterback David Garrard will start the season opener.
At my nigga studio. Like my nigga would say he jamming on the one. Lol
MIND your business
You lie through your teeth -Silverstein
Thanks. Always seems strange at end of semester as in, what do I do next? :)
Thanks for the tip!
Took the family to Chinatown over the break, today my daughter yelled, "Who hid my explosives?"
same with my school (elementary school) an Apple IIe.
follow Mee!!! #stopbulling! It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!!!
jeez i have so many pics on facebook & the one time i don't take a pic in front of the mirror, EVERYBODY loves it O.O
Just read the Dyer Q&A -- great stuff.
MSB first floor smells of natural gas; Facilities mechanic currently investigating the cause.
Do NOT EVER apologize to me, only to follow with a "but.." wow. Don't waste your breath.
Happy feet mother fucker.
OH UMM HEEY. ARE YOU LIKE ALLERGIC TO MY FOLLOW BUTTON CUZ LIKE YOU HAVENT PRESSED IT YET.
Wokshoped with Joy Todd who found Morgan Freeman and tonight with Kim Hardin who did the Fridays movies!
Amazing afternoon visits to Johnson Elementary and Jackson-Via Elementary Schools - our schools are awesome!
#blackpeoplehobbies wearing your pants down to your ankles, walking like you've crapped yourself and talking like yo dawg
its good she's the only country one cuz she has all of the country vote.
headed out towards the closest webcam see u soon.
I grew up overseas and wouldn’t change that childhood for anything.
Glad the storms have settled down abit here in the #Memphis area. Very tired.
You still don't get it. I paid you for something you never came through with. Then when I call you out you say, and I quote:
Look forward to hearing updates down the track. Please keep me postd. Good to be back in touch!
I missed it, we're they playin nickelback haha?
Hi Dawn. Welcome to #CMLbookchat Do you have a favorite book made into a movie?
John Harnage - Because I Want To...A Journey - the expression of passion thru dancing
Any issues this evening? Can't seem to connect...please advise
I like this song - on
working on the weekend. :(
Actually, make it :) I love free delivery! And better prices than anywhere else online for the model I wanted :)
SHUT UP!!!
Not sure how much has been done with DMT but I know there have been clinical studies of the effects of LSD.
my friend & producer is pulling a project together in LA can she reach out 2 u for recos on line producers?
#wssmiami "Know your customers' emotional trigger points." Annette Gray
Happy easter
Pirates secure their 19th straight losing season. Thanks guys for getting our hopes up.
Up early editing...
hee. we've sat around trying to cast the movie so many times. LOL big dreams i have *G*
I'm done.
same ole same. Out here acting a fool lol
Rangel's financial disclosure forms omitted more than $600K, according to ethics committee; we found $831K...
and I are going to this awesome hair casting tmrw... Wish us luck!!
We arrive in Columbus on Monday. We will be in Wilmington by about two
dude it was a joke. u know i love you. and my clan is from the 'burgh. chillax. also, I did quit matt for that exact reason!
Oh. It's December. How did that happen?
Listen, I'm perfectly fine.
is getting ready to go to work
I'm really late but no you don't know me, u just looked cute ;)
goin back home
Uh...yeah. Something like that. =P
-- and no..it's not to soon for the WH jokes.
Congratulations to Art Thomas -- he's won a pair of tickets to see The Script w/ Hot Chelle Ray at DAR this Thursday!
What are best criteria for listing university-assoc accounts on a univ directory? What counts as affiliation? #UMBCsocial over-frgmt session
Happy Friday to all our followers and partners! Enjoy the weekend!
RT : Food for thought-MBA students work & study with City Harvest to create healthy eating options for all via...
The U.S. Army All-American Bowl will take place on Jan. 5, at 1 p.m. The Bowl will be played in San Antonio and broadcast live on NBC.
Less heart more liver. Care less n drink more
Too bad there's not a handbook that comes along w/parenting alot of people need it. Male & Female o-l<
Should I buy a ticket or not? #winning lol
Thx for following !
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets.
The intermediate stage between socialism and capitalism is alcoholism. -Norman Brenner
just gave myself a little accidental acupuncture with a bobby pin.
Didn't make it to work at 830_so lazy
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 9
sorry to be missing #TEDxABQ but I am out of town and having fun
life's all about those little imperfections that make us human..
Saying goodbye to the seniors. This is always way too effing hard. We're gunna miss you, MP, Skyler, and Will! /te
in true italian fashion we're always thinking about our next meal.lucky for us (and you) it's 1/2 price #pizza night! password:SHERMAN MILLS
ONLY 20 tickets ARE AVAILABLE
also researching on the next property I wanna buy for my real estate investment
That's some warm and laconic Vermonter vernacular at its best.
lets get this fixed! Give us a call (608-444-4444), stop in or DM us with ur contact info and we can reach out
#FF Thanks for RT'ing Victor!!
Right?? What the hell, April. Step it up.
To buy views: display (ads), incentivized gaming (watch videos to win a game) & social attention. Latter is best
thanks for the mention.
It's as legit as my crack addiction. Just kidding, I'm telling the truth.
The best way to increase your desire to diet is to purchase a full-length mirror and hang it prominently in your bedroom!
pizza and fish sounds disgusting
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.
I can't believe u did that!!!
when do you sleep? it seems like you tweet all day everyday
Check out my latest column, Last I Checked, @ www.channel_3000.com
S/O to my baby cooking it up last nite...I'm already up going ham on the leftovers luv u girl
had to put on boyfriends deodorant today. i don't smell like myself.
my take on Word is generally "SO WRONG on SO MANY POINTS but professionally necessary."
Good luck - the Milwaukee Panthers are opening up in NC vs. ECU
it's about damn time.... Can I have all the jewelry??? Lol
Not a big pop music fan but Adele has one hell of a voice...
thanks for following us. we love what you guys are doing. enjoy #sxsw!
Got paid mad bank today. To Carosel!
Ha! "Some Undergrad!"
oh I do the same. I only have a week here, though.
We think those ppl without coats this morning are not idiots, but optimists of the best kind.
Wondering if the key to a "humanist's singularity" is open, linked data...
Ignore them, same as on FB.
Thought this was 4 u LOL! ": get out of Houston you traitor. You're no longer welcome here. Die slow."
just got home today! Mom is fixing me dinner
do you know Jacob in 7th thr acted retarded today?? We date((:
Sorry you'll miss tonight - stop by the market some time! We're starting at Bloomingdale on Sun., will be at 14th and U on Sat.
Cirque du soleil THAT WAS COOL
that's my fave movie
EVERYTIME i bring a glass of water into my bedroom, Waffles loses her shit and swats it until it spills everywhere. This is no way to live.
I live an Alex DeLeon appreciation life, but this is an appreciation tweet.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness. Like resignation to the end, always the end. 🎶
Sorry I forgot to tweet you back last night I was busy throwing up at the fact that you want to snuggle with me tomorrow
Yea Mexico!!!!!
oh my god seriously? -_____-
Saber rattling is done by empty wagons (or empty heads, projecting) I pray for rationality
:) Do you mind sending me your info so I can send you mine as well? Thx!
Bout to call my p.o. Smh pray for me
reveal thyself sir or madam! But please don't put me in jail!
Each season of weeds is only about 15 bucks on blu ray! Fuck yeah!
Thank you everyone for voting for ! Your da best!! :-)
This massage chair is heaven!
How is comparing RG to Vick lazy? How many college games of Vick's did you watch?
I love the sound of rain.
query, u look like a hard ass...
what can I do to get you out west? Great opportunities!
#BlackBoyProblems someone other than u claiming ur kids for tax money.
My mom look about 20 with her hair short.. Maybe she can find her a new man.. *crosses fingers*
Thank you for the follow ! I'm the EIC of & would love to write for !
Health Tips: Eggs do not give you high cholesterol, go ahead and add them back into you diet for a perfect complete protein.
#LiveLikeUrDying is coming in some minutes get rdy
Talk to Meh, I'm a doctor xD
Agree! “ “ Nothing will kill your career faster than failing to act like an adult.””
When you see the most perfect boy at a baseball game, and you realize you will never see him again ):
A Positive attitude has a boomerang effect! When you throw it out there it will always come back to you! Coach Terry
Which son believes he will be a god ruling his own planet after death?
entangle me in strings.
Denver County Fair loves Seed Savers Exchange (official fb page)!
Have a great, safe Memorial Day, but, take a minute to remember those who gave everything so we could be free to do what we want today!
RT 3's a Charm. It's Day 3 of our Memorial Day Shoe Giveaway (extravaganza). Follow and tweet #i&lt;3MattBernson
oh I see , well I'm going to bed lol night
you dare moc the son of a shepard?
i guess ill just be the funny friend...
What is the point in having a guy room mate if they won't kill the spiders for you?
RT , runner-up: Star Provisions : ) RT Whats your favorite restaurant in Atlanta? Tweet us at
Did you know Chispa Marketing is a social media partner for the Women’s International Holistic Conference? Join us!
I'm fine keeping thing to my self.. Can't trust anyone anyways
Rewinding Romney on Counterterrorism: 'Dr. Strangelove' and 'Attacks on America' - TIME (blog)
well my computer thinks its cool to open 20 internet tabs instead of 1.
Students & parents in #Pilsen: Register for a FREE college planning workshop by on Oct. 29th & a chance to win a
