So. A 270 sq ft jumping castle & 16 ft water slide into a 9' kiddie pool (32' long overall) isn't overboard for a 1st birthday party. Right?
#Forever72 I'm going to make a store called that and its going to sell Austin Mahone clothes and accessories! :D
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
hah I would if I wasnt all comfy in my bed right now :p let's go soon though! Are we all going out to kent tomorrow still?!
Just had a #MelibeeU workshop w/ a GREAT group of folks interested in a career in int'l student advising. Their future employers r LUCKY!
ooohh and nm listening to music(:
The refs and Paul Martin are the death of the Pens
i need more followers!! haha
I'm leaning toward Dinocalypse Now by or Throne of the Crescent Moon.
Hey kids! Never ever try to run from a vampire while running on a treadmill. He'll catch you. I'm just saying...
The grand opening is on the 5th
Manee i felt likee a pimp while i was doin it ;)
dude. you'll be able to get right on carousel of progress and the land!
Ray Sr. will call you today.
Thanks for following!
Embrace the clones. We come in peace.
New Santigold and Nora Jones in the same day. Fuck yes.
get back me. I wanna know more about your situation
- I'll bet you the Nuggets can keep JaVale McGee and do it at a reasonable price.
Any of my followers listen to Aidonia....RT
im following can you please give me a shoutout ? <3
I LOVE blueberry pancakes! With whipped cream.
when are you leaving??
it went really well! too bad you couldn't join us
From the window, to the wall, to the sweat drips down my balls, to all these bitches crawl. Best 200th tweet ever.(:
would like to do some work with you fan
Big thanks to for spending some time with the winter class. Great opportunity for all of our teams!
Chicago #Bears sign 2nd-round pick Alshon Jeffery
Safe to say you're in the minority.
Happy B-day, Coach! RT : It's Da Coach's birthday--Mike Ditka 71 today. He's every bit as fiery as he was 25 years ago...
it says it couldn ot be found sorry sis
I remember when I used to tweet. Those were good days.
Ringer's Kristoffer Polaha will be on The Talk this afternoon! Don't forget, Ringer's SEASON FINALE is tomorrow at 9 on CW20!
Thank you for the #FF!!!
Crazy at what's cool now
Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays in effect tonight 12 Bar! see you at the 12!
We have her on about twice a year and I *swear* that's what she sounds like. I'm going to have to find a clip
imagine what? hahahh i'm lost :p
Watching some Tom and Jerry.... Those fellas crack me up lol lol
You can wait on the sidelines while others pass you by or you can take advantage of the incredible new opportunities in front of you.
Only if that image was not radically marred by our first parents' sin.
Today is going to be a high of 54°F with winds and chances of snow.
haha well get our asses to the beach... But not in the ice cold water
you're welcome, hey I didn't send you a DM right?? Saying something about a blog about you?
Community Calendar
yeah me 2 she doesn't fit in any other group
Whenever U hear it, I except a cutaway shot of the audience, all being manikins.
"No, thank you for this moment."
Happy Good Friday and Happy Easter to all of our fans!
I can not get over all of the trash on TV. Why do I pay for this again??
#chicultural2012 Attendees are currently voting on top three issues derived from Town Halls.
Occupy Pauls Club Rally up and running. Myself and headling, DJ has declined to appear.
RT I don't know whether to cry or get really angry. We get #CrAnGry at our football team, it's very effective.
Not nearly as loopy as I'd like.
maybe later
My mind-----> completely blown.
I just wanna go home. there's more important places I could be right now
Oh no! Whats going on? Hopefully you still got to enjoy your soup!
Suh cant catch a break.
Oh sorry.. Nvm
I will sometimes order a pizza under Torchwood.
Mom has lost it. She made us chase down a man to get his license plate number because she accused him of stealing gravel. One shovel full!
The Celtics served us in the series but playoff Wade is a whole different Wade
I'm actually in the Boondocks, BK
it's just now morning here! Good morning! :-)
Support your local newspapers!
ha! Right on...
BUZZ, Indigo Tree Publishing's first novel. is now available in Chinese in e-book, even as Apple begins to expand its stores in China.
I jus wanna re R.I.P. Whitney Houston from the goofs to the real my heart misses you every day
You could say to the officer, "I thought the M stood for Me. It does, right? And you have a U on yours for You."
Even though you might not tell me how you feel I know how you feel without words
CHILLIN BY THE FIRE WHILE WE EATIN FONDUE.
#FF Follow some of these peeps my tweeps!!
True thats why u gotta make em lov u when u perform so they will wanna buy ur music, they will feel as tho u deserve it
haha i got some up from marthas phone
my point exactly, ad if you call in she can't do anything
yes cause to much seems like its not real. We like them daily like " you look nice" or "you smell pretty" little things
I wish the average American sports fan could comprehend what is doing at Fulham this year.
#mygirlrmx why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez wen she kiss me...
Just ran 10 miles I'm taking on your challenge!!! Lol loose 30 pounds smh road to redemption lol
Enjoy it while it lasts #Athletics fans. Inge probably won't get you another basehit for a couple more weeks the way he hits.
Mostly Canadians, 0 from Ontario. Strange but he is talking about it like it's the JFK assassination.
need your order number send in a message you don't want your info out there=)
wow;) this has been a wonderful day :) & now it's time to sleep! tweet U'll tommorrow :)
So today has been the only cheat day this week, ah? Ha. Love ya.
amazing concert. Michael Grubbs is an amazing talent (and a really sweet guy xo) thanks for doing what you do :)
Watching my first Telegu movie. I've also seen one Tamil movie, and a whole bunch of Hindi movies.
going to shower quick
im confused is the chat today or tomorrow? Yesterday you said it was today and now its tomorrow?
The kids across the street challenged me to a water fight, so I'm currently boiling the water
praise the Lord that Tomorrow is a white day.
Emotionally: I'm done Mentally: I'm drained Spiritually: I'm dead Physically: I smile. I am trapped in this fucking hell hole
that's so great! Let us know how it goes so we can do a follow up! If you have a way to take Video.. Post a sunrise shoutout too!
Honestly all I can really say is.... HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA DUMB ASS BITCH!
#2011ASA Great discussion with colleagues including PAGE Fellow about research on publicly engaged scholars organized by
I think that's 's blog :-)
~ Thanks for the follow!
Goodmorning Twitter!! Its nice to see you :)
the worst is like when you take a picture and it's a really good picture. And then bam. Ruined.
My home office looks like a bomb exploded. Papers everywhere. Books stacked on stacks. Cards taped on wall. Good news: Things getting done.
Miami all year round!!!!(Reppin my home city **homesick**)
Asian Ckn & Shrimp salad from Cheddar's. M
I know! I love it!! It is a bit pricier than the other "deal" sites, but it seems much more curated. And the vintage finds? Sigh
We're thinking about Earth Day (who isn't?) and have some really fun posts planned for you over the next few days. Make sure to tune in!
Anyone tryna sip early
Has anyone had interaction with and would like to share. It appears to be a knock-off, but more focused.
Sir, baseball fans protest! We are overlooked an ignored. You have hardly acknowledged us. Please keep baseball in Portland!
you make my dreams come true:)...
#WeWontWorkOutIf you're not openminded and are disrespectful to other peoples views and beliefs
Thank you! Did you have some time to watch any shows?
Don't like going to school wish i was homeschool
Wow! The space shuttle flew RIGHT OVER my house.
haha I knew I followed u for more than being a sneakerhead! Haha
Thanks Gentry!
yes where are you
I got the cutlass!!!
still watching Netflix...meaning no. On the bright side, i'm almost caught up on a couple shows.
what's the O/U on how many total entrants the new 1500 re entry tournament gets?
I *know*! And he's got that doe-eyed/beautiful-skinned hobbit thing going on in this, too. LotR jokes are inevitable.
Put fraud alerts on all of your accounts. Then check those alerts to make sure they haven't expired.
Wow! Shocked, not guilty! I see book deals, TV reality shows in the frickin future for Casey Anthony, sad to say:(
Left in the library at 1 last night only to find him still there at 9:30 this morning.
happy holidays to you and family as well!
Karaoke tonight at the Newsroom and at Three lions pub.one more week until Murphys starts up again.
Evaluating syllabi for my college-level instruction course... the amount of thought that goes into these things is pretty huge sometimes
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
define "good". chromed bird "works".
& like you do . You don't shit bout my girl or my boo . So idgaf , attitude is ugly
"DEDICATION" can be found on any 5th graders spelling test, but can be difficult for even adults to put into practice.
Someone very talented just answered my email from an iPad while sitting on a ski lift. She signed off with, "Time to jump off now."
You bet!
RT : We'll just enforce relationships through the application tier; let the database do what it's good at: storing...
Banana bread, Bach cello suites, and a good cup of tea make thesis work so much better. Oh, it also helps that my apt has ac.
Need to get my head away from a computer and into a sketchbook.
I agree!! I think it's sad that she even had to make a statement about it. It's none of the public's business.
People ask me, "Why are all the media channels not covering all the candidates?" and the answer is simple. No Ca$h, no coverage. Cash Cash.
:) You are so welcome!
Talk about a fall. Go from Sixth man of the tear to "parting ways" You still have the #khloeandlamar TV show.
That's strange that it bounced back. I'm sending you an email now.
This means stop using time invested and history as reasons to continue a relationship. If there is no "profit" in the future or...
Preparing press releases..workin' my grind. Blessings to you guys...stay lifted.
Text me when you arrive!
Got out of work early to pamper my car. New battery, oil change and even a bath. I bet I see this Yaris purr after I get her back.
hope u quit soon lol
that's so much work:(
no, gotta hang in there.
friend on Facebook just posted a video of their 2yr old climbing stairs. actually watched it, rooted for stairs to win the battle. wrong?
what the hell ... just like old times you still tweeting after saying bye
PSC Chair notes this is a plan 4 people. 'We got a lot right here, but we should cont. 2 look @ how plan affects ppl, not just places.'
RT : "For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it. For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it" ~ Ivan Panin
Lol Jk. The more bitches, the better
Okay, so you saw it on somebody else and thought it was okay for you to wear it too huh??? I'm just gonna keep it real, I DON'T SEE IT!
you jus need to go wit jasmine.
The rabbit in _Monty Python and the Holy Grail_ certainly meets the horrifying criterion...
going to watch a boat show in Miami Downtown maybe and u ? (:
You guys were perfect!
I like Celtics phillies Packers and I watch some tennis. I like Djokovic
If we get out of this inning, I will applaud Matt for hitting that punk ass
my heart is pounding. ridiculous.
Great idea #787: All Caucasian airlines. The name? White Flight.
Good thing we're friends 'cause being GCOM right now does not sound fun. Good luck on finals!
Thanks for the RTs, y'all.
Monday is up and running with a workout, a ride, and Energize. Accelerate. Perform!
Good! About ready to start recording! You?
Congrats to CJ McCollum and Lehigh. I bet big brother Eric is proud (playing pro ball in Israel and formerly Goshen College in IN)
Internet service is so sloww.. ughh 😔
YEAH THIS IS HANNAH AND LENNA IS ON MY ACCOUNT DONT BE CONFUSED OK :)
its ok but thanks
please follow me :)
I'm feelin like U fucks wit me I fucks wit u. Let's make a classic together!
Eating my last Clif Bar today; I will no longer support a company that refuses to source their cacao, which sounds guilty to me.
What's your favorite genre of music?
Tea Pot Lounge is featuring in a Music Video. So Excited!
Its race day in the U.S.A!!!
Hungry and horny. Blah.
too early to say goodnight
Dang so many B-Day partys
It's a Blueprint morning for me.
spiderman has a twitter account... really???
the best winless intramural softball team in the country is back in action tonight on burdick field.
Thanks Cristina! x
but yea I like greys anatomy too. I get hooked on shows when I meet a lot of the cast members.I met many Heroes and 4 from GA
I'm tweetin the fuck out of this bitch. Put me in twitte jail. Bitch I dare you
Everybody wanna be a nigga but no one wanna be a nigga-Paul Mooney
We watched the new episode of that just aired on Jan 6th. Love it. Hope to see you sometime in 2012.
I'm not, you said that in Lugo's class today
We hope everyone had a great Sunday! If you follow football, were you watching today?
I stop my microwave at 0:01 to feel like I'm a Bomb Defuser.
30 days from now I'll turn 26! Damn
TX OU WEEKEND!!!!
I WANT CUDDLES DAMNIT!
Hometown, I hope they get you on more often
Appreciate it Adam! is sending you a message. Hopefully you are enjoying
Another week, another thank you for the #FF!
LET'S TAKE THIS OUTSIDE!
aww u so cute and u 2 look alike thts a good thing and shee is adorable I LOVE YOU!!
I want fairness, a level playing field. Unions are corporations also.
Looking hard enough!!
it's amazing what people think is up for discussion. it's like walking into your home uninvited.
I want all the allergens to join together, pool their money and buy me new eye makeup.
night night...twetter
Hey doll! Sorry haven't been on been so busy with school How are you??
Crazy how our worlds collide! A woman named Dani asked for a few of my pieces to hang there. There is also going to be a show!
THX BBE XX“: If this really is nicki i love you and miss you if not dick in yo face yeah yeah.”
#4DAYS Till #BOYFRIEND !!! I Can't Wait!!(: Follow Me?(:
Typing papers all day. Not looking forward to it
Oh it's awesone, they deserve your scorn. I'm just shifting into Royals nationalism for two days. COUNT THE RINGZ
Grab ya jackets hahaha! Happy Monday.. :)
i need me a glass of milk.
Can Yuh Give Me A Shoutout Please! I Wanna Get To Atleast 1000 Followers(: Can Yuh Help Me Please!(:
Leaving tomorrow for Georgia (:
It's all good Bradhr.
Awkwardly walking around the mall while luci talks to her boss about giving me a job...
Still working on this stupid government paper!!! Wtf!?
The AIG Bonuses: The PR Perfect Storm www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
The only limits on our achievement are the ones we put on it.
Missouri sponsor liaison testifying on MO sponsors working to set standards and best practices as a group.
Sure. What an interesting look!
The new Dark Knight Rising Trailer is said to be contected with either The Avengers or Dark Shadows. If i was wb i would pick The Averngers
bitch please , thay watched the sex videos and they blamed it . What a poor
“: Former players like Merril Hoge are so disappointing when they stoop this level. #stayclassy” missed it. what was said?
. Imagine 737s & A320s painted to look like cardboard boxes, with a black AMAZON & swoosh as livery, & bar-codes on the tails...
Someone should make quilts based off old No Limit CD covers.
We wish everyone a healthy and safe weekend! if you get the chance come burn some calories with us here at the studio.
Shit. Everyone is trying to get ahold of me at the same time and I don't have the time to do anything but this damned site. Sorry everyone!
I guess I should prolly go study now
Have you seen the movie Ghost World? Our gallery has. It loved it.
RT now if you love Habitat & you're excited for the 1st Build Day of the year!!!!!!!.
Fear Factor is BACK!!! December 12th!!! #isthisreallife???!
This girl keep taalking shit Bitch better STFU she don't know who she messing with
I did also... kinda a lot.
belly growling tho...:/
“: My Sims have more success in life than me. #FirstWorldProblems” omg DEEEAAATTTHHH!
yeah, I generally avoid being driver if I can. Just sucks to have to stay after taking bad beats. Just ready to go home lol.
Dimly lit, romantic, cocktails, dinner . . . and reservations still available! Call 414-220-9411 to make your reservation for tonight!
I missed this show
I have been waiting all quarter for this tweet. I have class with Ted Nelson today!! Hopefully he will sign my copy of Possiplex :)
what would you say is the hottest trend for mens fashion at the moment for fall?
I would love to just fall asleep at the beach on the sand right now.
if you cant say something nice...just tweet it anyway
Shout out to my niggas that was there in the beginning. They were there when i was strugglin, they'll be with ne when I'm winning!!
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
#NP ASAP Rocky- Bass as I get ready for work this morning.
How can I control my life when I can't control my hair? ~Author Unknown
I'm awake too and about to attempt to go to sleep but surprisingly I am not tired! Ugh!! Love u and miss u!
That awkward moment when the kid you're babysitting acts like a bear and no one gets your Chuck Testa joke.
Happy new year to all of our Ambassadors and prospys! We hope last year was a good one and 2011 an even better year! Feliz ano nuevo!
"I'm cleaning up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life. I'm looking forward to it already"
So yeah (; I am so TOTALLY gonna go to Austin's concert in LA ! I don't know how , but I certainly am going (;
The amount of tension in this building can be cut with a knife
In my novel, my character Thibodeaux says he doesn't eat when he's hungry. He eats so he doesn't get hungry :)
Great! Lots of cuts, bruises, a few thousand volts of electricity +trip through ice water (but beautiful weather this time) :)
YAy! reunited with my best friend tonight ! i cant wait !
We're toasting to that! RT : If you're bored, make shit happen. Need I say more?
just read up on ! AMAZING business idea, lucky you! congrats! I'm referring all my guy friends asap!
Pet Peeve: People who "freak out" when one can't handle being alone at a given moment.
Key to digital ticket delivery is delivery. Good for #Brewers, but the technology can get bogged down at a venue. I've seen it.
Hahaha. For a second I forgot. ;) You think that I'd know already from living in DC.
Jealousy's the ugliest trait.
Absolutely.He hit Tulo in back.Usually no prob.It was his actions afterwards that resulted in suspension,unless MLBs gone soft.
Is this how its suppose too be, I'm saying though I'm enjoying life... A stoner moment
Which tour are you going too?
Really happy to see Heat DESTROY the knicks. Rose out with the torn acl means heat probably repeat final appearance.
I'm gonna start dressing up like an elderly person so I can be assured a seat on the bus.
summer jam tickets ? I need some ! 😊
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :)) I <3 YOU
Im definitely hitting up the gym today
"Blowjob or leave me" = great song name from our friends at WBTD
Craving something sweet 🍦😌
on those inbounds you don't have to stand completely still, just can't take a step or two, can reposition your feet
the contact play is enough reason for me to fire Tracy. Has it ever worked for them?
I've got news for you: I would thoroughly enjoy a nice steamy 88 degree day.
A Nate hug is similar to a bear hug, minus the teeth and claws.
People throw rocks at things that shine...
long time no chat Todd, hows everything going?
thank you for the RT :) ♥
this is ridiculous
We are going to see Godspeed!!!
I couldn't of supplied a homeless shelter with what he spend on my pound but in stead I got my Lil girl a power wheel and blew a ounce
Philly Aganist The World
Watching the jonas brothers movie... Oh how much I miss themm :)
girl! that's classic! get your giggle on!
Easy day!! Easy money!
great music conference in Kansas City w/ those to whom I"m proud to be called a peer. Major mutual encouragement & inspiration.
This Has Been The Craziest NFL Offseason Ive Ever Witnessed!!!!
nice! Played with one earlier this week- checkout BMD 2012 Catalogue before leavin Oxy today?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-75
Do you know about how much longer? I've been waiting up for this but if it will be a lot longer I'll check back tomorrow.
No, that's my real name... I wish it wasn't. It creates all sorts of privacy nightmares which I wish I'd taken into account.
F THIS COME ON CHELSEA
Ride The Citi Boi Party Bus To COLORADO SOLO MUSIC ARTIST AWARDS MAY 16, Round-trip for info 720-341-8727
476 BITCH. It's gonna happen.
Coming from a ketchup lover: Today I learned sweet potato fries taste better with honey mustard dressing than ketchup. Yum!
Here is a funny fact about Miami .. Did you know Miami Beach has a large snow skiing club ??
I just noticed u take some beautiful pics. I may hv to book u to do a shoot in my clothing line. Check it out when u hv time.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 2
Just caught a their/there spelling error. Whew. That's one of the most embarrassing.
I miss , it should take a road trip down to Baltimore.
there is no answer. It's clearly a koan.
Relationships contains ship for a reason because although you may think your relationship is strong. It still can have the tendency to sink.
Hahaha! I'm sure they are honored to have such a dedicated fan.
WSC Dupont is ready for you to join their family!
Also, Saturday is a bit rough for a tutorial, someone would have to miss half the conf. to attend.
I'm hyping myself way too much for summer.
it's great! I really love it. All the people I work with are awesome and I'm doing something I enjoy!
Happy New Year!!!!!
Get down and freaky, ya'll. It's #Fridaythe13th!
Long day of our Bldg Leadership Team mtg to work on out School Improvement Plan to align with the Districts Plan!
OHMYGOD NEITHER DID I AM TOO EXCITED!
Haha! Think I'll leave the comedy to you man. But tell ya this: if you write it, I'll perform it ;)
Today's the Nonae Apriles, or the Nones of April, in the calendar of the ancient Romans.
Why is it always so damn hot in my room?!
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Modonna.. Reminds me of
Good idea or bad idea: Arm myself with a Super Soaker and squirt ice water in the face of anyone who barges into my bedroom w/o knocking.
I'm still not over the name LoL
Handle check. RT Amber Rose dishes on wedding plans with Wiz Khalifa!
Thanks to everyone who entered to win MIB3 goodies & a DD card from #AgentDLV. We'll be announcing the 4 winners very soon!
Happy bday bro!
The new album "What Kind of World" is fantastic. "On The Fence" was one of the first songs I ever learned on guitar.
My mother's boyfriend is just a useless douchebag.
on this #CharityTuesday we're grateful for the wonderful resources you provide-online and off-that help us fulfill our mission!
It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before
The only purpose in life is to decide how you want to think, feel, and act in each moment...your choices create dreams or reactions-decide!
Thanks for the #FF love......have a fantastic weekend!
yeah okay what ever u say Dr Phil
I can't stop smiling!:) everything is jusst so great(:
OK that's enough for now I think. Maybe finish reading GREENMANTLE and take a nap, gotta work tomorrow night. Or there's Bill Burr's podcast
"The Easter Egg Hunt after Church!
ohh awesome-can't wait to go!
Entire day of vocal rest. No talking. No singing. Still can't talk. Finally willing to admit. I'm sick :(
I strongly dislike liars.
Words cannot express the joy I feel when looking at this week's work calendar and seeing nothing but free time to get stuff DONE. Finally.
You are right on both accounts!
No... I'm not but someone else is...
thanks for the RTs
Hey guys - thanks for the follow
Sitting in a green room that is actually green.
not as excited for prom as I was dude.
Apples & peanut butter~ nomnomnom
I have been trying to learn to write Java code from CodeYearAcademy. It is not going so well. They use punctuation differently.
Put your recovery first, everything else in your life will be first class.
As much as I love the Spurs, Z-BO is about to crawl out of his cave from a 2-day hibernation sleep. Z-BO!!!!!!
"Stage Presence" of "Stage Attire"?
congrats on making the all-star team.
I don't care what anyone says - Men totally pms.. Or maybe they're just moody with no good excuse ):
My girl gone get mad cause I said she from Waldorf
walk starts ! Balboa Park 6th & Laurel! Registration starts !
Agree. Crazy to think about how small our military PAO universe is. It's a great thing though.
thx for sharing the Legal Watercooler link.
Firefighters respond to a Sun Prairie house fire this morning that started in the fireplace mantel. No one injured. Est. damage $90,000.
They always protest high buzz funerals. They're objective is to shock us with nasty signs reminding us that we are all hellbound.
A group skype call please
SOLD - and I just emailed Anita about a meet up. Maybe I'll have my act together enough to see the film before then!
LMAO Damn Jim!!! that's hilarious and Marty is with me on my profile pic..
Can you think of anything Portland would want, outside of CP3?
come visit Mariners on the Hudson when your home :)
Going for a dip this morning. I don't care who calls. Need it!
RT : Likes the term "code of conduct"--more powerful and perhaps descriptive than "social media policy" for orgs.
You on the charts but I'm off the meter
you would have made an excellent dairy princess, but I'm glad the edupolicy world wooed you.
i'm impressed. u found more people to stalk
I didn't know you were a Giants fan....Big Blue!
yes? (i know nothing about the samurai pizza cats other than that it existed)
Live in the NOW and stop waiting for something better to come in the future. What do you have in your life, right now, to be thankful for?
Where are you guys playing this weekend?
It was all him: Mustache, bandana and biceps...
:) I know you spoiled her!!!
Sitting next to your friend and texting them. :)
That's why I like redeyes. You sleep, you wake up a zombie, but it's hard to get bored...
The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel.
#Overthehumpday!! Looking forward to my sons bday this weekend, also kinda sad, cause he is growing up. But he will always b my baby!!
lol heather heather heather. I'm practicing my net cutting technique
Don't let this face fool you, I don't really care.
that was the james bond movie right?
The advantage is you don't spend all your time rebuilding years of protocol work for federated social stuff.
Let's Get it BEARS
So they say you have to publish: start with a strong poster presentation with your research! Definitely good rookie advice.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
OMG OMG I CAN FOLLOW PEOPLE AGAIN!!!!! :) XOX
At bank and mo money mo problems plays on the radio.
#Bears #2 Pick- Alshon Jeffery - Steal!! Great pick who will be instant deep threat for Jay #Cutler big arm. Love it!
I would love you too
On Jan 1, I put 1% of my future SAG dues in a Piggy Bank. Today, I signed a contract for my 1st SAG job for my role in feature, VAMPERIFICA!
He's 5'11. I met him last summer and he's tall.
Not feeling good, but watching hbo monster ball and baking cookies. lady gaga songs always makes me feel better :)
that just shows the heat ain't nothin without there stars
Really liked the Chevy sonic ads. 100% real stunts. Still don't get 'Chevy runs deep' though
not centipede though.....LOL
yea I know man it's awesome! What big projects you talking About and you gettin to fly for free?
word up :d i can dig it.
Really like these. No video, haven't even heard them yet. But our own "Battle" coming up.
I love country music, but I could also spend all day listing too stuff like drake, OFWGKTA, and stuff that's on the radio
Whoa, I just realized that you can add price tags to things on Pinterest!
Why does it wear pants??? Lol
that would have been glorious as well. Not gonna lie, I did karaoke a couple weeks ago to salt n peppa. whatevs.
That one may smile and smile and be a Villain!
Miley cyrus hates twillight.....I think I just became a miley fan!
are you missing your ID at CVG? They would like for you to claim it
yes!!! We here when you walk!!?
I believe qik for the iphone was just updated to remove the wifi only restriction.
#ReconciliationLaw - Process that is overseen with periodic meetings between the client and RL attorney or mediator.
I need to get a rush card
I'm not lying. Everyone is worth something! (:
i know this negro see my name pop up on his phone -____-
Life's battles don't always go to the faster, stronger man. The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.
Turning in my speech and going to big shrimps class next!
Now I'm speechless, over the edge, and just breathless. Hopeless, head over heels in the moment.
Wiz i think you should get some loud from the D it will take you on a flight lmao forreal
So you're saying it's okay to call someone a goat fucker? Wow.
That's easy. It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small small world
We're excited to welcome Fulbright Scholars to the US tonight at our hospitality dinner! Can't wait to meet you at Calle's Cucina tonight!
Bono- "Every time I clap my hands, a child in Africa dies." An audience member screams out- "Well then stop clapping your bloody hands!"
That's awesome! Flan-diddly-anders has a diverse fan base for sure. Cheers!
May be your phone. It's a small red button (Please sponsor me.) under the photo on the right. Thx for alerting me.
Give 100%. 110% is impossible, only idiots recommend that.
I had it too...
Texas Storms<3
it is great to connect with you. We need to catch up as it has been too long. :)
hey bitch
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality unless it is a desireable one.
Aw, that would be awesome! Eric is one of my favorite characters. I like Charles, too.
thumbs up!!!!
yes we can do window cling.
To kick off my spring break, my #FridayReads are A CLASH OF KINGS by and THE MAP OF TIME by Felix J. Palma. So far so good!
Follow your instincts. That's where true wisdom manifests itself. -Oprah
I know tofu is bad, but its my favorite cooked vegan dish #mapotofu so fucking delicious
My neighbor is mowing his lawn when its raining out. Come on man use your head!
what did you concoct??
Crisann guess what
Messaged u lol !!
Amanda got to sing for the Red Wings again today!! Wings won!! Woop Woop!!!!
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves
Sitting by a fire and watching a movie with my family. Doesn't get much better than this 😊
Finally back on the work out program.
Hahahahahahha the roundup song
Call or email us today to set up your appointment or initial consultation! Studio# (202)544-3716 or email
#mobilityshifts Palfrey on elements of Digital Public Library: code, metadata, content (shared not redigitized), services, community.
"The errors of the great mind exceed in number those of the less vigorous one." - William Stanley Jevons
is Yehya Mehmit Gurgil in "THE POLITICS OF CONFLICT" next week & will the lead in "SACRIFICES" an upcoming Pilot filming the following week.
So incredibly sad to see all of the wonderfully talented people we lost this past year, some much too early.
Are you following my roadtrip through the Midwest and Northeast on Instagram?
you should just let the pugs clean the bowls
I don't have any idea what you're talking about! *blink* *blink* ;)
we arent really sure but we think she dislocated her knee. She's getting surgery tonight or tomorrow, not many details yet
R.I.P. Taco Bell Chihuahua
They just finished installing my work phone into my new office space - I only moved into it 10 days ago.
How to Use Twitter for Business: A Beginner's Guide
no problem. I'll probably work the idea into that contemporary fantasy story I've already started
#FF EVERYONE WHO SEE'S THIS FOLLOW FOLLOWS back<3
im not dumb u knoe -_- lol ok time to b honest I know wut school u go2 & the address of it & ur bday & ya real name ...
You're really pretty. :3 not trying to be weird or anything lol.
So..... #Somf should txt me
Getting ready to leave for Georgia tomorrow ! Me and the rest of bad horse are getting ready to play the Super Bowl
I'm bandwagoning the blues hard
What the heck Harness? or is it just good editing?
So stoked for today
Thanks for the retweet!
Ganoderma - used safely for 4,000 years with no known side effects.Tasty beverages with Ganoderma are at www.drblackston.organogold.com
Playing 's Unplugged in the Park at #atlanta Sunday night at 8pm with
GUYS BAILEY FOLLOWED ME DKDNSIDJKWNJFJAKDJSKBFISNJGH
I counted it out, like 15 days. Snuggle session hardcore
Fight the heat with cold, hard cash...learn about our $1000 bonus offer @ our info session, Holler Park Lodge, 6:30-8 p.m. tomorrow, July 19
MICA Career Fair today 1-4PM in Brown Center! Special thanks to the 30+ alumni participating in this year's event!
after 13 hours of sleep last night i thought work today wouldnt suck... wrong.
Hey at least Landry Jones is trending!!!
Finally Hunger Games ! Better late than never ;)
sweet ghost hunters is on all day (:
getting so many beta invite requests for mycincylife from people i dont even know then i am from my own friends and family hahha
Hey , saw you were just in Dallas. Holler if you are ever in Austin. The local brewing scene is booming! Would love to meet.
omg, this game.
nothing. i have nothing against hispanics. you're an idiot.
Really? Renee Fleming will be at CMU for commencement and I won't be here!?
Thanks.Those were the days!
My mom made monkey bread for breakfast. Today is gonna be a good day.
Instant classic! RT : I'm a part of this NBA party too!
Are you a C-Corp or S-Corp?
We are watching our team go from being #1 in the west to out of the playoffs. This is sickening. Give us a positive anecdote.
I bet Sarah Palin is sweating blood now that Levi is on the B-list talk show circuit.
what the heck why?!?
it's a sedan!
Dear bob sanders, cool how you suddenly become healthy and play for chargers. Love, bitter Betty
The girl at starbucks was straight up flirting with me , tell me why I got all nervous ? Lol Time for my Final :)
lol.. Taylor your mom is snooki.
#GoTribe I wonder what it would take for the Indians to give up Matt Laporta
Love this quote! RT : "Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure." ~ Thomas Edison
#RITBrickCity Today is the last day to register on-line for homecomng events. Website shuts down at midnight!
Whelp? The three's have happened again...Michael Jackson, Farah Fawcett & Ed Mcmahon.
To all my conservative friends...Don`t forget to vote tomorrow!!!!
#theadjustmentpeople Run with us or run from us.
Less than total failure with my Javascript experiments!!! This is progress!
Those are both some good ass bands!
We only have two people on the ballot (Romney and Paul). Other candidates didn't get enough signatures. Short answer: No.
Bumper sticker idea: "I Rock Obama".
Ft. Laud, Hollywood, Boca, some parts of dade
little after 8. Can't sleep. #knicks are back.. Got to get dowstairs to watch basketball.. It feels like christmas morning
Keep moving it up and coming to the net gasquet. Great hands! And better backhand.
"Well... What do ya say lamb chop?" RT : "whatya say we get together and paint each other up?"
Six feet under <3
Your Twitter account is DMing spam. Change your password.
Man bet $1,000 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas that the first score of the game would be a Giants safety, he won $50,000.00 Cha ching
Was about to tell you to discount that batch....too mushy! I'll send you a recipe w/ notes! :)
k ;) follow me
The last three strokes are critical
When no ones there for you, your on your own.
"The terrists like us the least!" [mis-spelling intentional]
Farley's is in New Hope, a small town north east of Philadelphia
There is just something not right about Joe Theisman saying his prostate gives him grief..
I hadnt heard or seen the name Whitney Houston in maybe 3 years min, now every article is about her.
Should have went out
The diffrence is we have a choice to not be bought! Anyone voting for #MITT is condemning the USA
Such gorgeous weather here in Monaco! Wish I could stay longer
When will you come to Chicago, IL so I can show you around? I love your show and would love to hang out sometime :)
They have to restructure your deal into the cheerleaders budjet so you going to have to be making up a lot
First choreography rehearsal for "The Rapture" today.. Get ready, it's gonna slaughter!
...who's gonna win in OT tonight? I say OKC finishes it up and gets out of town with the W.
let me know how your inquiry went about coming to Station North.
Lol shit. My phone doesn't like telling me that twitter did anything. Hit me up today bruhhhhhhh
After reading some of these comments, I will most definitely keep some of you in my prayers.
#just a taught people buy life insurance to leave their love one money if they die. That might not be good your love one can go to jail
oh k. Well sorry for your lose.
Now i need two carpenters
Guys, do you want your girl like you? No? Then stop complaining on how long it takes us to get ready!!
I always fear that creation will expire before Tea time. ~Sydney Smith
He was the Charlie Sheen of College Football and I don't feel sorry for him.
Mother's Day Is Near Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture
Too tired to sleep
#ted2012 Team work is still important, but the more freedom #introverts are given to develop ideas the more productive they can b
#Wisconsin Transportation Department puts brakes on Bob #Uecker Way sign request. Is nothing sacred? Come on people, it is for 1 day...
Free at last, free at last “: Source: #Dodgers sale has closed. McCourt era has ended.”
Hi, Steven! We did see that and love the idea. We'd love to hear your ideas!
I swear Josh is perfect in every way possible~ <3
I'm freezing the vent right over my bed
there is literally no way to win against these people. Dont waste yr breath. "Fuck it Dude, let's go bowling"
I stopped watching Breaking Bad in the second episode when the tub fell through the floor.
maybe you're closer to Las Lunas get that car clean at 3516 Main St
I like the app
Good Morning, America!
thanks for the follow, friend!
In bed all day catching up on
my younger sister is happy about a B in health and my older sister is upset about a B in economics. the difference between #dumb and
Can we count on your following us
My breathing is slowed, my pulse stopped today. If you still have feelings for him, maybe I should turn away.
There is no coming back from a scorpion face tattoo
#mrpa11 great group discussion on how organizations are stepping into social media. Lots of smart, thoughtful rec and parks leaders
I didnt knw everyone was goin on twitter now. Im try and see what this is all about. Yall is welcomed to share.
7p, I look forward to seeing u!
got u
I'm so anticlimactic.
Swimsuit or do you need a fun bathing suit idea? #IHaveAnIdea! that is explosive. Peops will want your bathing suits. 1612
WOAAHHH its been a while
WTF My last paycheck from staples is WRONG. They owe me 4 hours!
Working on more business cards
Watching WWE RAW love it :) can't wait for wrestlemania
Lots of great stuff - you won't walk away empty handed! Lots of kitchenware, home decor, linens, SO MUCH STUFF!
watched footloose this weekend. disapointed by another film portrayal of a mean
Can't wait! :D ": 8 pm weeknights, later this spring"
Everyone's in love.
25% of people on food stamps,40% of people on Medicare,43% of people on unemployment don't believe they are using a socialist, Govt program
“: Everything cookie is best cookie ever...”
“: “: They are never on time!” blackies.” Haha
Big white man also shut him down last year
Good cheer to all on Christmas Day.
maybe they were added to another target? I've accidentally added stuff to my tests target a few times.
Thanks for the follow! and #FF back atcha!
How does that polar bear open that bottle of Coke???
It's been a long couple of weeks!
Thanks buddy. Now it's time for some golf! RT : have a safe flight bro
no problem :)
FB sucks the duck
We suffer because we have forgotten who we are, and how beautiful we are
MT : . rocked #TED, showed how apps can revolutionize hydrant clearing, dead possum removal + fix municipal govts // Yay.
how old? Not a phase I look forward to.
When u like them n they dont like u recipe for disaster
Happy Friday! DealShow starts in 3 hours, get excited to get yourself a new #present for the #holiday #weekend!
Anyone I know want to be a dancer in 's latest cinematic masterpiece tomorrow morning in NYC?
A wise person is hungry for truth, while the fool feeds on trash. Proverbs 15:14
it's been a long time since we have seen ITLCA play and now i hear rhumors that they are going to break out SDD at the Mutiny on the 3rd!
It's Friday so we better be seeing you @ Buckhorn Liqours.
BECAUSE WE HAVE THE UTERUSESES. THAT'S WHY.
please follow bckkk
Picked up a Rose City red kit for tonight's match at the Adidas store. No female kits at all. Does Borg work at or something? :)
RT Mesohot2 If you need money, I get it,just ask. When you start taking it out of my bag.. count me out
Let's hope the Coyotes wake up for the 3rd period. Get rested and get going Coyotes!
Going to see with the best friends in July! So stoked :DD
thanks for the mention!
hahaha ikr all my little witty comments during the shows haha
"If you write 500 poems, you might have 50 & you could be a poet." #USpoetlaureate Phil Levine
" Our love is like the wind... I can't see it, but I sure can feel it- Landon Carter (from a walk to remember) <3"
anchor bar or Tim hortons!!
I think of all the podcasts I listen to I laugh at yours the most. <3
We're a little bit of everything. Know a little bit of everything. We trust a little, but we fall #hard in love.
"As we reflect on this A-Ma-Zing institution" #AngelaDavis said in speaking of the #NURFC!!!!
At Camino Nuevo!! Gonna Make The Best Of It! :D
Thinking about the bravery it takes to believe your idea is innovative enough to succeed. And hoping that I can handle it even if it fails.
The voices in my head need to learn english already
It's me, Jamie... I'm the one looking for a good dinner dive. Just accidentally tweeted from ICA acct. Any ideas?
zooming their way to sunny PDX for a big show in the lounge starting at 9pm.
The stores and malls will be crazy on Black Friday! Start your holiday shopping tomorrow at the Westown Indoor Market!
Hopefully will get another yellow so can bunch up and get past Power, looks like Dixon will have to stop again.
rip hotdog shirt and accessory
Finally unlocked all the levels on Zombie Highway.
God this account is taking a swan dive. RT : the funny thing about my easter basket is it's located on your cock
Don't I feel silly! Thanks for educating me :-)
It's a cute hair cut and all, it just doesn't go well with me. It's actually making me super sad haha
I'm to blessed
Workaholics time
#FF! RT : Cough Twitter friends Cough <---- someone is now 19 away from 1,000 followers ! Can we pass the magic mark today?!
The Easter egg hunt seems to be harder. The design of the eggs is very cool imo.
We are using multiple channels to reach San Diegans, including a street team that is bringing the survey to people at home.
One could only hope. I'll also accept an "American Idiot" clone... That's not "21st Century." You know.
It's 10 ? wtf it's not even 11 Dang then why am I so sleepy ..
hard to drag yourself out for such menial events with all the cash team FTP stole from players. Tough life THIEF!
nothin' got a headache. Bout to take a nap.
There are so many! Lake with the Bridges, Lighthouse & Lake Michigan. Kletzsch with the waterfall. Grant with Trails & Beach.
“: Does anyone think the Packers have any interest in Mario Williams?”
oh how I love school dances
Digging out so we can feed the livestock, and wishing there was enough ice to harvest. No ice harvest today or Sun. Hoping for Thursday.
When I'm single, all I see are couples being happy. When I'm dating someone, all I see are singles being happy. /:
nice...Jack Sparrow? He should keep going and see how much detail he can add.
i am so ready and it premieres on my birthday
OMG. replied to me. *fangirling*
In The Lab Cooking. Stay Tuned.
I hve taught my girls2mke a guy respect dem&a man tke care of da woman, not da otha way around. I BE DAMNED if I do sumn dat I tell dem not2
They were playing the soundtrack to Cowboy Bebop in Nom Nom Noodles today.
I wish
so why you put it ?
Not if people look for a music style before hearing the music. They need to look by a name to get the style they want.
Grant Hill leaning towards signing with the Knicks? Perfect Fit! Respected Veteran who can teach Landry Fields,Iman Shumpert & Toney Douglas
Going to go take a nap then probably get yelled at for getting kicked out of school. Bye
“: Late night gym sesh kicked my as ugh only 70 days till Australia!! #motivated”take me with you? ☺
What's everyone's favorite music video that we've done so far?
And Mayim Bialik would probably approve of yoga.
consulting on a set of wedding invites -- so much fun!
For the teams looking to increase engagement, wait til you see our 'Save Your Mate' Facebook game that's ready for launch!
Thanks for the shout out on Friday!
Dance, dance . Then hopefully gettin to see my boy :)
thank you!! <333
Sodahead please stop texting me.
your last few tweets have had me thinking: "heard that". just thought you should know…..
I sang along oops
RT Apparently the whole news room discovered 's Twitter account. Tomorrow's paper should be interesting.
The sun is out for many of us in the metro area this morning. Seriously... no April Fool's joke here!
You should make one for Buffy too...
Better to be an idea than a statue.
Music Industry Strikes Historic Deal on Mechanical Royalty Rates
Thanks y'all!
You don't know you're beautiful.... That's what makes you beautiful....
I don't worry bout hataz, don't care bout hoes, I'm trynna get my bank account some more zeros..-
Damn it I wanted the bears to draft Decastro seeing his highlights he's a beast!
haha what does that gotta do ?
Oxy Mo: Offset
It's 's birthday today. Go and show him some tweet love.
& I Ain't Doing No Pick Ups Or No Drop Off Today!!!!
Watching the Steps in a Digital Preservation Workflow webinar. Brings back memories of last year's digital preservation class!
You can follow the blog as well if you want to be updated on a regular basis. The site should be complete by the end of the week however.
Fellas stand on your toes your girl on her back she using both of her hands to hold it open jus fuck her with the tip for a min.
haha thanks ur the man, hope youre doing well
Shake it Shake it like you bouts to get paid! :]
Secretary-General's remarks today on the progress of the MDGs: "I am gratified to tell you that we can report broad progress"
for, drive great revenue for league and great placement for sponsor
Dudes who post about not being able to find the right girls is as bad as girls posting about all guys being the same
Waiting in this long líne to eat the love of my life... ice cream :) yum yum yum yum
you too!
HaPpY 2012 everbody! AZHG prediction: more kindness, patience and cataclysmic t-shirts!
WPPI here I come. Leaving for Vegas in a fee hours. What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas, lol a lot
Everyone and their mama forgot how good Al Horford is
The real fun starts after 2AM. Lol I knew that nap would come in handy.
Morton: The abyss, or the aesthetic, the things right in front of us.
Let's show some love!!! They have been working extra hard to get some amazing music ready... rocks!!
i think at JCP. i'm not sure though... lol.
What in the world is a "hide-and-seek" election campaign? Reminds me of a game I played as a kid, when I got sick of my etch-a-sketch.
Happy B-day xoxoxoo you have always been my inspiration #True Belieber
Omfg Avengers was SO. EFFING. GOOD.
I love my me time nbs
it'll be okay
when I get back. Game night!
Great Color Story!!
Why is George Lucas on the stand in the Zimmerman hearing?
10 hour shift??...sure y not, I'm in that #getmoney mood.
Thanks :) I think we're going to visit monday=)
Surprise guest dj tonight. Come see who it is, very big known dj :). Hit me at 310.971.3346 for guest list and tables.
Need a car wash...bad
Thanks for the follow!! love what you're doing here.
Got the last Shrimp Po Boy from on Flower and 6th tonight... Uh-ma-zing. Without a doubt, best sandwich I've ever had.
Fukk Yo Body, It's Just #CHEWY!!!
Is at the lakefront watching the fireworks with his family and laughing at this lady talking on her cell next to us. She is too funny!
Got home from #IHOP, national free pancake day!
Job seeking has always been a competitive sport... now, the competition is a bit stronger. Gotta raise the bar.
Wonderful performances this month Come to Bali Hai for dinner before a show!
Well, you kinda need to be able to update your site every other day during the offseason. CAN YOU DO THAT?
nahh that would have been cool though! Btw were like a couple blocks away from you in the city
#TurnToYou is a special song that devoted to you andd all the single moms out there you must be proud !!
I will deff (:
hey...just wanted you to know....all tebow does is win....he is a baller...a play caller....and all he does is win
Instagram is an obsession.. Jus saying!
How much stuff is hidden on a Mobile Phone is directly proportional to how quickly the owner snatches it back from you
Decker not giving up the workout location for he, Manning and other teammates.
It's #upfronts week.
Ring out ahoya! Go go go #Marquette !
WA! RT i am so tired from shopping, eating, and tanning
Guy who bought my table off CL just told me "You can't believe in God & be a Democrat". I'm Republican now, the price of the table doubled.
R.I.P Jamaal.
amazing observation, if only they had matching satin straight jackets
oh it's okay you'll see me tomorrow ;) hehe
Business meeting took place, its looking good.... almost there :)
Had to abandon the orange wig tonight due to rain turning the orange hairspray into orange blah:/
But here I am partaking in it all *sigh*
"I am Somebody" - Jesse Jackson
When is the party?
STFU how did i not know about this?! Congratulations! Fill me in on the deets, I'm transferring this fall too <3
#tswift always seems to know how i'm feeling <3
Cabin in the Woods: Yes. and Yes. Sleep: Probably no. And no.
Have a fabulous fantastic Friday......Spread Love
BURSTING with the greatest news ever and can't say anything!!!
Just finished watch this- what an inspirational lad
Motivation to wake up at 5am.....reallyy hard to find XD
Finally headin home . Goofin around in the car with my mom
Dance to jah music. Dance. O' what a tribulation. Chuckin!
Received my first evaluation copy of an American history textbook. Does this mean I have arrived?
hahahhahahaha you would :P I'll be home in one week!
bro are u for real..please tell me u just playin
music sounds better with you, baby.
RT :Loved being on campus this am! Thanks for inviting & I. Press release coming soon.
Not even Lmao (: ilost it in the snow -.-
Instead of whack a mole I prefer slap a hoe.
#3WordsOfAdvice Believe in God
"Jessica's" boyfriend bought a female co-worker a nice bracelet for her birthday but swears nothing's going on. Believe him or not??
I agree w/you on wild ride from Blake to Dylan. I'm only meaning Keats re: short life and FS's faith in pure imagination & poetry.
I like Austin and I cannot Lie for the other boys I can't deny
I see you in the middle behind the stage lol
Scoreless after two at MSG. Shots on goal are Rangers 18, Devils 17.
- obviously, I'm in the music biz. I'd like to hear your album.
that was a brave comment... mid life is a state of mind
Checking out lists, hashtags, relevant content, conversations, partners, & events.
We're about to pour our hearts out on that stage tonight. You are welcome to share the moment....Casa Vicente, 8pm.
Awesome church today!
I don't play no games.... I don't like my radio cuz it play
Thanks for the warm welcome! The WG rules!
when did lee go c a polar bear??!
Music is always the solution to my problems , I'm in my own little world with my headphones in ! <3
Is completly liking him # crushing
That was gay as fuck.
Do you have the link to that library in a box thing that you tweeted about a while back? Can't find on Google.
who would like to cook for Jerquan this afternoon :)
can't get a hold of Long Street owners, on to Clintonville/OSU area with all those damn hipsters and frats.
#Indy and #Automotive Tweeps: FYI, I'll be tweeting live from in #Atlanta today.
#WhenAustin fixes his hair. (:
I don't want to "automate" my Twitter presence... I'm only on when I'm here, I like to be here when things happen lol.
Read as: no Nicki Minaj RT : Tune into #Ozmosis on tonight ! All kinds of cool music you don't normally hear on radio
bring me some
here's a brief recap of what's been missed-lightning, W.Va camping, apple moonshine, lots of vinyl records, whippoorwills, fireworks, boom
I'll be there promoting!
Nope. It's not weird. :)
Im creeping your Twitter Dylan (hehe) i feel dangerous BLAH!!!
Hawaiian vacay for 2 at the Shell Vacations Hospitality Resort w/your choice of five great locations! Sweepstakes: www.majkltravel.net
I will be there the 11th -21st !!! Yay we get to hang :) Let's throw an album release party !!!
That's wonderful, Annie, congrats! Let's make plans to meet via text...can't wait to catch up!
RT : I think you mean "sneak peek">>>>HA! Yup! Thanks!
I love the bumper sticker, "who saved who" written inside a paw print... Continued next tweet
alright, I wasn't sure if you realized or not. You liking Twitter though?
But "Rhythm Nation 1814" tho...?!?! #Perfection lol. RT Janet Jackson's "Control' album >>>>
Today's dedication and opening of the Veterans Lounge was one of the most memorable and moving events that I've attended in 10yrs at Drexel.
I visited the apple store and played with things before I made the leap. Great place to get a hands-on experience
Dayglow tonight at HOB. If you were working SC's id come over and make you see the aftermath haha. And we were on vacay!
Did you change your Twitter handle when you moved to Ireland?
Burnt my eye with contact solution.. Worst pain of my life.
I will with an awesome meal today!! Thank u my leading lady:) RT": Don't forget to thank your awesome self!"
Translators are the unsung literary heroes, and Penguin Classics has the best: scholarly, salty Brits who bring a text to life.
We love that students are volunteering in Cambodia!
"Bully" great movie! Angered me at the same time the bullies&school facility members.I'm going 2 those towns & kickin' some bullies asses!
lol yess true that! but i still love you!
It's funny how when you're no longer looking for something it keeps popping up in your face,I'll take it as a sign that it's time
Because of you I want to move far away, so far away that you will never be able to see me & I wont have to b near u ever again.
First of all, someone requested Michael McDonald. Second of all, the house band didn't know who that was. Fail all around.
CASH FOR CLUNKERS DAY... Nothing like waiting... for the last minute!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to exit through a closed glass door.
Reviewing some notes from a past conference... "competition takes away from artistry..."
This is such a waste of a life. FUCK..
You mean people actually *watch* videos online? I thought when a video showed up as a search result, it meant "go read a book."
Cancel it and wait until Wednesday, a new one will be announced then...
judgment day was pretty good:-)
#artsummit innovation=the opportunity to look the new in the eye
great to hear!! I'll call you this weekend so we can plan :)
Blinded by the lights hold you through forever, won't let you go <3
thank you!
i have muscles that hurt that i didn't even know were muscles. now, if only i could afford the personal training package....
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/14/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I'm kind of in love with your gf. I may steal her next time she's in Sac.
Why did the elephant paint his toenails red ?So he could hide in the cherry tree !
You're such a little kid lol
I tried to leave a comment on your blog, but today the comment link is in the unmanifest.
never denis don't like us lol
i want to give him a huge huuugg.
Luxury Land Rover Discovery
GSA inspector general: "We have more work than ever"
Don't miss the 6/26 #NACUA conference session on ED's Program Integrity Rules, or special follow-up "Forums" for more detailed discussion.
Pigs in a Blanket #YUM ☺
Tyga far away
Home sick from work in case anyone wants to come over and massage my bubos
Hey, this is Australian Rules Football season. When are you going to cover that?
Dale Hunter is done with the #Caps. Pretty much expected I think by most 'in the know'. I think this team looks totally different next year.
#fridaynewsdump? This the reason for the extra urgency in releasing #magicjobs?
Is sick and tired of the national media telling us PACKER fans on how we feel for Brent Farve......GO PACK GO!!!!!
The world would be a better place if every fan was like I never saw her say anything negative about anyone on her teams, ever.
becuase I havent talked to u in a long time! I needa hear ur voice again lol
Nice day out!
New Media Driving a New Australian Travel Market
Back on Twitter! Thanx tech support for reinstating me!!!
Flipboard is way cool. Just put it on Val's new iPad. : Woo hoo! Merry Christmas! Anyone have any iPad app recommendations?
so i have so much freaking homework and no motivation to do it....
Screw everyone? I hope you use protection sir.
i wonder what kobe & mike brown will say at this press conference...
Come Falcons!!! You let Cam Newton score on you!! F*ckin Defense!!!
Wouldnt it be nice to just get away from the world? And right when you say that some idiot says "Thats what dieing is for!"
When did expressing an opinion eliminate one's ability to remain objective? Your opinion didn't change just by the act of expressing it.
No one will ever understand my adoration and complete obsession of
not yet, they are high as a motherfucker
Gm peep
Wish I didn't feel so let down.
see ya in 1400 miles ;)
Wicklesshop is proud to be doing a Fundraiser for the Falcons Cheerleaders. Help support - go to www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us and click link.
I'm going to punch
Sang and played a little. Felt good. Maybe next time I'll consider the neighbors.
hell yea!
Most gorgeous black actress on the planet that can actually act.
you messy! lol
give me the most #randomsongs you can think of from 2003 and back.
Thanks! We have our winners! I'll msg you soon! :)
Mar 21,1853 MD Legislature changes name of Baltimore, Carroll and Frederick Railroad to the Western Maryland Railroad Co.
saw girls guide lol Sam cock blocked you with her inner bitch huh lol
Happy Valentine's Day! What did you do or buy for your significant other?
" How do you know…if you are part of the problem?"………
how does one prepare for 7 straight days of 88° and high humidity?
“: I play TUBA” OMG
OK. We got our 130 point drop in the DOW after all. No market manipulation could stick.
This world is so corrupt .-_-
thanks for the link!
hey you should post that article we talked about involving social media the other day, that was great :)
I start march 1st till july 1st
Hope to see you at Forch on Your Porch in West Seattle tonight!
Don't forget to vote tomorrow.
31 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
The lime green #seahawks jerseys are the worst because they look like a kleenex post-sick-person-nose-blowing
Today is my birthday.....
First ever state basketball title for St. Mary's! What another great 4th quarter comeback! 28-0 and State Champs, Congrats to the team!
Humbled by the opportunity to speak with top NATO officials today at HQ in Brussels - everybody seems excited about upcoming Chicago summit.
At event on poverty and innovation with Judith Rodin, Mitch Kapor, Jane McGonigal et al -- tag questions to them with
#ReasonsThatImSingle , these dudes are to basic ... I'm trying to meet
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Steve Jobs often parks in Handicap spaces at Apple headquarters.
Really? The one day with rain in the forecast just happens to be the day I've scheduled a downtown walking tour with students?
TONIGHT! Join us 6-8pm at NYU The Piers on Film artists and curator discussion!
Fedseclaw Blog: Judge in Lehman Class Action Orders Officer Defendants to Provide Info Re Net Worth As Part of Settlement...
Follow me cause I'm going places...
why what happened?
Thanks for the people in my life
RT Now if you want Pinkberry at the 1st Build Day!!!!!!
Taking my truck to this morning at 9:00. I bet I'll get great service!
turn me on by nicki and David. Loving driving to that song with the windows rolled down
thx for GCB note! that's crazy! it was well done.
. Beckham starting again tonight. 0 for 3 again.
trial lets just say 30yrs is not enough time for someone who robs the ppl and hes wifes life for PUSSY.
LUNCH SPECIAL - Chicken Panini: Chicken Breast, Tomato, Spinach, Mozzarella & Rosemary-Lemon Mayo. Served on Ciabatta or Artisan Wheat.
well ill start planing!
I'm not on that little kid bullshit. Give it your all or gtfo.
I am in love with I love her show and don't want to get out of the car.
Sounds fab! Must come for a drink.
yes indeed!
I'd add Marie-Laure Ryan to that list.
Dare to be naive. - Buckminster Fuller (It takes courage to be willing to try something and be willing to fail and try again.)
Maybe it's time to forget about the past, i can't wait for summer '12!! It's gonna be easier to when i dont see you everyday....
I take life day by day, no matter what may come my way. Lame, i know, ill do better next time.
RT : I see a lot of heterosexual couples out tonight acting all carefree like their marriages aren't under siege. Fools.
My boredom
When I'm sick all I seem to want to eat is junk food.
coming to Austin w/ HCR? Texas will never be the same.
Back on track after a few days of much needed rest. Love the new diet thanks to Neil Hill
Emily it's +44 to put in front of nathans number
THANK YOU JESUS FOR ALL THAT YOU ARE
Kevin James stealin Rob Schneider's roles now
Not as Huge as the next season of Apprentice!
i aint mean to b rude boo
y the fuk am i still up? i should be sleeping goin to court in the morning :-(
Wow. That ESPN story on boxer Paco Rodriguez was hard-hitting. great work E:60!
Merry Christmas, to Family, & Friends Near and far!!!!
No one is free who does not lord over himself. Claudius 10 BC ~ 54 AD, Roman Leadre
Gluten-free diet is good for your health Source: sun-sentinel.com
I'm addicted to my iPhone & Cannabis rules!
#WhyDoiAlways go for the wrong guy?
Smooth day, hopefully it continues...
“: tonight in Bloomington w/ (John Evans) 8 and 10:30. Be a part of something special.” W8ing on show
Just lost a huge pot 3b AKs 5 handed and flopped the f draw... He turned straight w A10... I did not get there
Can we make groping cool again, America?
Is that really a surprise that Fox so called news would do that?
i would tweet him back saying "i love Alex, lets go to Vegas and get married" then we would live happily ever after!
What did you guys have for lunch? Something tasty?
Today's Reaganism: "Trust But Verify"
Good news everyone! Scratchy attic animal turned out to be gigantic ravens hopping around on our roof. Slightly less creepy!
#JRIB #Sandusky how could his lawyer allow him to give an interview? Totally ill-advised! Listen to my take on Jim Rome's radio show at 11
#Happy Earth Day and #god bless the amazing beautiful #Earth World :)
Guess who just time traveled from 1:59am to 1:00am? This guy.................. Wait, what do you mean everydone did?
"Your destiny can only be unlocked and discovered from within and it is a journey that only you can make"~ Eleesha (via: )
The only thing I miss about home... #MyPeople other than that... Glad to be in my place of purpose.
So how long until you wrangle Sue Perkins onto the show?
Back to work and back to the humidity. After graduation, I'm moving to a desert.
GROUPON: Here's What You Need To Know... via
Oxygen 4 Energy is always looking for Pro Athletes to sponsor! We have OVER 70! Hows that compare to Redbull and 5hr Energy! We Clearly WIN!
Occasionally we make mistake and follow #morons. Please let us know if you are one of them, so we can unfollow. Kthx.
Education, economic development keys to improving cities like Worcester
try to be. Hit me up for a shoot.
In the grocery store grabbing something off the shelf... Random guy: "Excuse me do you know where I can find The Pepto Bismol?"
Carli! You want , not !
Making stuff!
A few of us are out of town today! Is there any other time you could?
~ Just ordered my #PinkyPromise bracelets! I love your blog and can really relate to your story.
oh lmfao i get it now :) about the rhyming thing
Oprah hypnotized you and took the cart. She's very cagey.
Oh lol I didn't even think about the music instrument site. I'm guessing we were talking about sweetwater.com. Yes, for the pianos!
check out our new and improved site! just fill in your address and see all the restaurants that deliver to you!
follow me then dm me
I'm probably the only person in this study lounge putting together America East women's lacrosse power rankings.
happy to now be posting your happy hour on our specials list!
#Is #done with #fucking #selfish #pricks PrincessCiera
How you no things are right in the world: #LindsayLohan is playing one of the greatest actresses of all time in a Lifetime movie.
ADVICE: WHEN U FIND "THE 1" DO NOT LET HER GO,NO MATTER HOW BAD IT IS, TRUST ME IT WILL GET BETTER AND ULL REGRET IT LATER IF U DNT KEEP HER
looking forward to taking over your town in sept.
Just got off the Hill working with Pelosi and I met the Dalai Lama today. Didn't see that coming.
Sore as hell right now
Hey, does anyone know what the big police bust this afternoon at around alameda and Emerson was all about?
do people need to actively input data or actively monitor and respond to data?
it is turning some people I know into them..
gah you're going to WWD!? Congrats!
That was NIFTY!
Had a dream last night that I moved to Australia. It was awesome.
I agree with you DM Russ has been amazing all year
Hi Jay it's Toad, just was thinking about you. Am teaching at UCLA and just finished workbook on stand-up comedy "Just Kidding" xo
Excellent Job you are doing representing all of the righteous proper locksmiths, including me, Todd H, Thank you!
just like every other hometown broadcast. It's not a nationally televised game on ESPN, this is what you get
- I'm blessed as well. Enjoy your day.
Time is flying by today
prob good it didnt reach end! Aw, does he have a habit of waking ppl up at that time? V early! I should've said 'unpleasant dream'
The product "The Baby Bullet" makes me feel uncomfortable
Member i miss diz
Today fucking sucks.
Me too! Next time!
I think the Unilazy from is WAY better then a snuggie.
nice seeing you again bro! Looking forward to seeing at Chene Park.
of course its SUMMER!!
So, does the USA send in soft political aid to Egypt to prevent the Iranian outcome? #McFarland to
slap happy morning and coffee
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
What did you think?
"I don't understand how these people think they're relaxed because they're not. They just have nothing to do." Well played
Noting is going right
Thanks for the RT on the gas station photo. A shame it's not still there.
I'm good, but thanks for the offer! Yeah, SW is still cattle calling for flights. But that means we can sit together!
There's just SO many responsibilities!!! Boo!!
Trying to automate haikus?
RT : We are doing Zinester Feud at again! I'm making a new survey for people to answer. Got any good questions to add?
I had not heard of Game of Thrones till maybe a month ago. Now, everyone I know is obsessed. How did I miss this?!
If there was one thing u could say to someone before u die what would it be
photoshoots and interviews today. Should be fun.
ELEASE got that ass beat!!!!
the best boyfriend you could hope for is your best friend, because he knows u best and most importantly, accepts u the way you are.
People that hate bieber #suckitbitch <3
Congrats! How exciting!
where is your favorite place for fried fish?
Unspeakably tired. Surprise anni-dinner-party for my parents, followed by more drinks after. Can't go to the hotel until others get home.
Thank you for following us!
No, we are not special, just unique in that we do what others talk about doing if they were really free & brave as claimed in song & lie
no problem! :)
Partying with my favorite people !
You should never tell a child that their dreams are unlikely or outlandish because you NEVER know.
i'm about to do my laundry. should i live tweet and ustream?
how many shots did Melo take to get 21?
Self pleasure is da best pleasure...
Some people need a smack in their face lol
Chocolate covered cashews, you wanted them we now have them! See you soon!
Captain America was amazing!!!$ Chris Evans is such a man!!!!
Night everyone. I love you all. <3
When you double-date, go out with fun, upbeat, positive couples.
At my first job fair! Wish me luck!
I remember wishing I was home from South America so that I could see this match - vs. from 21.
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy wings from The Lube. lots and lots of wings.
Do you have a fancy to have a swim before lunch?
Romny does not...Newt maybe...Ron Paul maybe...
Just sang "it's coming back to me mow" at karaoke and can't help but think of
never. Seriously. Do you have any clue how hard an actors life is? Reading a glib tweet always rubs me the wrong way.
Ah... settling back into N. Calif., after all these miles, it is a kind of home. Shows in the bay area, central coast, a masterclass/concer
”Act with confidence” ”Sieze the moment” w
Lmmfao dumb girlfriend on maury I love when the b.m right and leave the g.f lookin stupid!.
thanks for the follow baby girl
W/ Vanessa *:
I will be playing at the cup in wantagh tonight from 9-12!
put all the monies in your bra, homegirl! or you can borrow our cash box.
Yeahh! Just come to my house, we'll go there together
#ICA's Fire Breathing Virtuosity was a success thanks 2 the outstanding musicians & our dedicated audience. More to come on Feb 6, 13, 26
US-Advance
wonder if anyone else out there got suckered from buying meals from like i did? totally horrible experience!
YOU LOOK A LITTLE IN DISMAY AT #SOTU @ #POTUS I THINK WE ALL AGREE WITH YOU!
