i love that show and i MISSED IT. who do you hate?
then josh became skinny..
Watch Christian prepare a tropical dish perfect for lunch, dinner or your next bbq...Tomorrow (8/31) from 9-10a on SD Living, ch 6.
aye yo, I'll go pick you up, and we can play in da rain vato
#HowAboutWe legalizing gay marriage for the entire country
Gym time.
RT Dariese Gary is carrying us on his back!
Inspiration is everywhere in life. Have a wisdom eye.
We are cats with nine lives, deskining and refleshing the embryonic avenues of individual perpetuation.
hope it was fab! Let me know!!
cant hit em all Kobe, only most of them lol, take it home in 6
Are maybe she's a hooker so much goes on riding publicTranspo..NO thanks nasty hooker
important data point. RT : Tip: its free cone day at Haagen-Dazs
It's back! I rechecked after responding and there it was. So in a way, I think I have you to thank for bringing it back. ;)
Anyone want to go see Feist in Indy April 30th?
Great suggestion. Just added International Education (IIE) to the Organizations category.
Arrived in San Antonio for the
Oh , how I anxiously await our mornings!
Flight of Chen Guangcheng, Chinese Rights Lawyer, Thrills Dissidents Chen Guangcheng x2019;s rush for freedom from house arrest was made
She'll say some shit to change my mind LOL
Thanks for the RT
Its Mr. Olympia weekend and I'm pumped, headed out the the gym to pretend I'm competing for Mr.O. (BENCH HEAVY OR DON'T BENCH AT ALL)
I hear ya. I got a good hit last spring in southern Utah, but there's something about Uluru. It's a VERY old place.
i hate mondays<<<<<
AFC South Champs!
Ok celtics Rondo got a tripple double
check your messages
I just saw what my mentions looked like after that retweet. Holy cow.
Talking on the phone with Alyssa. God, I miss this girl. We met each other seven years ago and we're still best friends.
Yesterday I saw the Avengers! That movie was super awesome!!! I think I have a crush on Thor?? LOLOL!
Wishing you tons of fun and much success on the new series! If you're in it, I'll watch it religiously!
I love getting yelled by the poor girl at the mall. Her life sucks working on a Friday night!
i love u to death nut youbhavent had one yet... when it gonna happen
Thanks for the RT. The proposed beautification sounds wonderful. Side note: I may need that Georges on Fifth deal :)
stop on in and check them out! Let us know with any questions
Believe in your smellf.
why cant you just love me so i can feel beautiful
Blastoff just like Utley just did. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
Steroid baby? Hahahaha Who would that be?
The funny thing about dream logic: I'd made the restaurant into an amphitheater and there was no chicken!
Hi Bobs! How are you? Heard you ran into little sister the other day.
Sweet Dreams Love U
*It Will Rain comes on the radio* "TURN IT UP!!! IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!"
The game I'm interested in today is Memphis/New Orleans. If NO loses this or their final game, Portland stays at #6 against Dallas. Go Griz!
The entire intern corral has caught the bug. Don't panic it only last 5 days!
-Incredibly nerdy. Referral to the zeroth law. "...may not harm humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm."
Who is ready for it to be Friday already!? I know we are! Practice tonight! We will be working on another new song for the upcoming album!
I guess dreams don't come true..
you were amazing on rosie! we had a tiny desk concert on my iphone tonight while eating dinner...so proud! xox from sd!
pull over that ass is to fat from hire me in LA and let's be roommates? LA baby...12inches await u
you mean the Royal Wedding isn't more important than a tornado outbreak?
#English569 poetry team has approx. half a dozen narratives so far; waiting to hear from other two teams...
Thank You for the follow! I look forward to connecting with you.
It's been a while, but I used to find decent places by wandering down Penn. Ave (heading E/SE)...
Do your dog and cat get along well?
Im never gonna hold my head up high anymore
So done with this book...
Congrats to ! Lucky winner of a free pass to !
I hope not! That's what Ibwant to play!
I still can not do anything on my account, have reset password a couple of times hasn't worked. I had a hard doing this tweet.
RT Myth: Dark skin doesn't burn. (via )
hell yeah!! Ah!!! I would scream!! What if we were to like show him around the arena or place he plays at?!?!
not much time for hanging out unfortunately. I'll mostly be in interviews. You can be jealous of that if you want:)
you know you're having a bad night when there are mascara streaks all over your face
#CST is used by 4 million people. It provides a simple, easy to understand #diagnostic instrument
Lol what's that?
Having a very special day with amanda and lucas ;)
Can't sleep? Remember God is with you always, don't watch mindless TV read your bible, give Him time, and He will give you sleep.
A true angel. RT Amazing story right now about Rachel Beckwith.
Viewed an article on 's website & was told I have 20 free articles left. I'll never pay for an online subscription.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. SPREAD THE WORD.
for a tour.....wow.....what an environment.....fun!
lol which one?
7 years ago in NYC the day wasn't dissimilar from today's spring sunshine. & I had a picnic in the park. He proposed. I said yes :)
Can you go wrong with a sandwich? This is going to be fun. 30 Sandwiches in 30 Days... IT BEGINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Learning how to comp in #aftereffects is fun!!! Especially when it involves a gun!!
If looking to post links + a summary with image if story has one, the FB App RSS Grafitti works well for our client Fan Pages
When u come to Aventura Mall, pleaser wear a shirt or the police will kick you out.
stop up here for a drink when your done lol
Games for health
sadness! it sucks when phones die the minute your about to do something epic! :(
haha. Barnes I'm assuming? was ridiculous. What is he trying to accomplish by touching the ball and then grabbing the rim?
hahaha yes,I'll give it to you Tuesday!
#sljsummit10 Dr Snow: dedveloping all teachers as teachers of literacy is key solution to reading problems
You are a jackass. The matchup with D Rose would be laughable. Just like every other analyst, no one takes u seriously.
its a good way to find out what kind of dudes are just total misogynist wastes of time, though
Reminder: Register for Fri.'s User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition portal. Email to sign up.
actually lol-ing
which one? :)
send me your names! ill write you a letter ! (:
Just tapped, Blue Mountain Estate Winesap Hard Apple Cider (replaces Bear Republic Brewing Racer 5 IPA)
“: On to the greatest race track in the world!!! I want this Indy 500!!!” It's almost May...we can't wait!
Man, they have the weirdest karaoke at Dinos.
oh I'm going still!
Wed slightly better, but can do either.
Lots of new stuff from DTA & Rogue Status in today (pics later)
Man If U Not Gonna Tell Me What I Did Then Get Off My Case...
Good for you! My head hangs in shame. Went out for beers w/ a friend in the afternoon and that was all she wrote!
ha ha! Is that your way of trying to get me back? :) “: it's a better good morning in CT :)”
#JennaMarblesTaughtMe The face.
That would be awesome!
So far so good. No April Fools shenanigans. Although, my dog, the Bease, just told me she's Keyser Söze. Strange.
Kofi jobbed to Primo in a match taped for WWE Superstars prior to
feels like a good day, felling like money just left up from da mint, brand new j's.
God bless you love
Another young innocent life lost to gunfire in less than a week...
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I ate too much. What's your excuse?
The drunk train back to Long Island? "the Long Island Tail Road"? Brilliant, #himym, brilliant.
Thanks!! I'm trying to up my game.
loves Sundays:) and counting down until vacation...8 days!
i am determined to see it -
Oh it's very MUCH my sport, but for me the hanging out with folks during the games are the BESTEST!!
Making great progress tonight on #TheRedRider. This will easily be our best film yet.
Tonight, VIA will be serving it up at the Milwaukee Wine Opener from 6 to 10. This great event benefits the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
yes it is!! Good morning to you! Have a great day!
Oh yeah, you know it, man! -Jared
Live Free or Try Hard
- trying to move & upgrade service for a week - no call back (hello Qwest - Comcast is too busy to take my money, want some?)
When we suffocate who we truly are-for status or material things...we do our lives & spirit the greatest disservice.- Jill Scott
maybe we can talk. I would be willing to pay entry fees for to represent.
Will you pretty pretty pretty please sign a jersey for me?
HT Obama:Everyone who tells you that America is in decline or its influence has waned DOESN'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT
I still lick the cake batter off of spoons and bowls:)
Celebrating Karyn Calabrese's 65th bday in style at her restaurant on Green st in Chicago! Good times and great people!
Hello. How are you tonight?
VINNY I LOVE YOU!!!♥
it was cool to see it fly by. It would be cooler knowing another one is en route to space.
any word on favre?
yeah to bad i liv ein chicago and couldnt come :( but im happy 4 the pple that did get to c him
you should make a video soon
On Sunday the #LiamPayneChallenge is a go (; not using a spoon all next week ;D
Sure. Could be there at 3:30ish
Wow! Bank of America
RT : I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Just got reports of some intermittent outages on our website - we're looking into the issue but you should be able to access the site now.
*stumbles to the editing cave...it's dark in here*
That "I fail at life" moment when you're trying to pull up the covers and you punch yourself in the face.
Just rsvp'd!
Finally get to see tonight!!
Woot!! Me too! Love NUTS! =D (eating and being!)
's Freedom tells me to Tweet my stats, so voila: Blocked web for 210 min to work on novel rewrite. Will now waste 210 min online.
ha! For sure! Great to meet you! xo
Woo I'm getting selector back ! It's like radio Christmas.
geesh i hate english maybe if we didnt have so much work it would be a lot funner
Its time for a lil let my locks down and chill with something smooth!!..HM?
Definitely thinking work could be good for me today. I need to get out of my house.
i can #PrayForSnow but its kinda impossible to snow here...but nothing's impossible for Him so...
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
love you
If your talking shit about someone to me I'm probably not listening
I'm pretty sure Judge Joe Brown used to be a cartoon dog.
"I went into a McDonald's yesterday and said,"I'd like some fries."The girl at the counter said,"Would you like some fries with that?""JayL
Sale your tatoo art in our digital community...www.whoorli.com
I downloaded the audio book this weekend. I loved it!
Yes it was! I will admit I almost cried!
Why can players get suspended from missed violations but refs get defended for game changing missed calls.
hell no it's not!!
My legs hurt..chillin at mickie d's.
Got mistaken for a student here on campus this morning. Love it when that happens.
Good morning! Have a wonderful Sunday!
Thank you to B for encouraging me to listen (again) to The Wailin' Jennys. Holy amazing.
has a lot to say about Dallas--as one of the commenters noted. Restaurant week doesn't work in Dallas for a number of reasons.
About to go check out these Concert After Parties.
even if that were true.....um, what?
hah what'd I miss?!
at mcpherson square, major delays, no communication from metro as far as what to do or where to go. Great.
Thank YOU for being there for us, Bakes. RT Thanks to all the great Sharks fans who support this team thru thick and thin.
: A new facility with 6 brand spankin new Sand courts. Holy shit. I'm in volleyball heaven right meow. Life can't get any better.
A home aquaponics system allows you cultivate both fish and vegetables, bringing abundant food production to your backyard.
Somebody call my mama :-D who is that dude yo lol
why do you not answer. You get ticked when people do not answer you on your show, c'mon bud. I
See you on the roof tomorrow at 5:00 for a free BBQ. Let's break in the new grill!
... caught on. Anything with a 5 best or 10 worst has a great chance of going viral with the right content.
I sent Peter an email. When we get the mugs, I will take a picture of Rene and myself toasting you at the station. Thank U!
c'mon Jason bieber
We had some runways closed due to flooding which caused us to use alternate runways. Main runway is back open now.
I got a blige I got a whoopi but the big sighting is Mike Tyson. He is 8 rows back sucking in the linsanity
Just fell walking onto the bus.
You're welcome. Good luck with the book!
I love your egg
": If the pastor is too cool to be associated w kids, a generation later the kids will be too cool to attend his church!"
Where did my twit go?
is it true that shes a hoe?
It was a great weekend! You should come out and join us :)
You are a real Dick!
Two New Student Registrations in a row? It's like CHRISTMAS! So many excited new students. :)
does Seymour?
So now instead of going to school, I'm goin to work :)
about 9pm located on airline
One of the best feelings in the world is when you're hugging the person you love and they hug you back even tighter. ^_^
Exactly what I thought- I have 16 mortgages approved on short sales, & since FRI, 7 have just rec'd lienholder approval --> busy May ahead!
Just finished writing three stories about physician involvement in health care reform
Beertastic day yesterday. Woke up cleaned our whole place and now on to more hw. Six projects due this week and our wildlife field study!
The Joy of leadership is helping others succeed. – Roger Stilson
check out the HC EVENT and vote for homecoming court before midnight!! team Hannah Kay, Jackie, and Roman!!
Thank you! Sounds delicious!
RT : "Prosperity Paramount In 1929 Astrologers Forecast" (Dec 30, 1928 Utah newspaper)
Playoff discount ends tomorrow, Jan 31st! Up to $50 off camp tuition! Use Promo Code: Playoffs12
oh how nice...my feelings dont matter lol
#FollowFriday love to this great guys
*blushes* Aw, shucks. RT You guys do a great job.
Dear music, Thank you for being there for me in my times of need! [= My ears love you!!
Wait, which one?
Having a real voice makes it easier for folks to connect with you in Social Media
Lol I mean its 4:30am and I'm in Southfield still woke so yeah
It's time to celebrate the holidays with my Eiteljorg family! #happy as a clam :)
What should i do today???
We all love that kid who entertains the class by disrespecting the teacher but somehow "never" gets in trouble.
Big Bang Theory! Big Bang Theory! Big Bang Theory!
and bacon?
They pick on me for nothing
First full listen, #NowPlaying Four Hands, One Heart by and Larry Willis. Duets of piano and sax can be powerful when done well
RT : Kobe says he doesn't take offensive charges because he is fearful of injuring his back like Larry Bird and Pippen did.
I just took an awesome children's lit class at Vandy. How did you get started writing? Do you self-publish?
yeah, but it was a slip.
Welcome to the 21st century, guys. Cc:
girl. Its Ashley...remember me we use to go to functions together with bri walker lol. How are you?
What did Jesus say to the Cubs last time he was on Earth?..... “Don’t do anything til I get back.”
the d line better start stepping up and not give USF the first step off the line each time
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ? I think girls should be treated with 110% of respect (:
Dear #grizzlies I need yall to win this game 7, so please grind HARDER in the 2nd half.
Does anyone know of some good #foodallergy apps for kids available on #ipad or #nookcolor ??
With bells on! RT : Shameless season finale TONIGHT! be there or be square. Showtime. 9pm CST.
Join us today at Automation Alley for an educational presentation on fastening in the glazing industry. 2-4pm, rsvp 313-491-5040
alright, now I've got the munchies.
I want the Grizzlies to win so they can face the Spurs, then the Spurs can eliminate them like they did us last year.
Relay for life 🏃👟
btw I think I found a cutie for you ^.^
its all about that groooovee
I'll add mine - Happy Anniversary!
Damm that sucks!
May 25. Luckily I'm feeling crappy enough I think I have no choice but to relax in the recliner.
I would love it if I never heard nicki minaj's voice ever again
I leave the pussy Microsoft like windows vista
It's a wet, rainy morning in #LA. What #music are you guys listening to today?
The Lord is good to those who hope in him, to those who seek him. It is good to wait quietly for the Lord to serve. Lamentations 3:25-26
cos you secretly watch it ALL the time. while wearing a tux.
Call me a safe bet, Im betting im not.
More animals sick & dying at the Albuquerque biopark. We should examine our captivity system of wild animals here in the Duke City.
It's my one year today at FOX6! I hope this upcoming year is as great as the first one!
Cant lie, it appears Skip really messed up here. I’m anxiously awaiting his explanation. But 1 thing's for sure – Jalen Rose sux
: Hope that helps. In the meantime, it's well understood that you have a hard time valuing opinions correctly. Good luck with it.
At soccer game losing 7-0. God help this team.
The awkward moment when you're stretching, and the teacher thought you were raising your hand.
I personally paid for everything for you dealing with prom and you're still complaining ? #ungrateful smh
Attend `Green Expo & Talks`on 22 Feb, do effective networking, Free RSVP@ www.meetup.com/NY-Association-of-Green-Professionals-NYAGP/
The should have a cake walk to the conference finals!
isn't all sex simultaneous?
sorry, TMZ, but I need to confirm celebrity deaths with a second source. also, Clark wasn't on my Dead Pool list for April.
Not windy enough for sailing today :(
WHAT!!!!! are you there!??? WHY IS HE IN EVERETT of all places?????
Just finished my 2nd 529 for Tim. A huge weight off my shoulders! I had to think about it all Spring Break.
#DailyRebellion: Use your outside voice inside.
If you think I'm taking summer classes you need to be drug tested...
Let's go pacers. Hoping for a Indiana vs Philly eastern conference final. Can't wait for the pg matchup tonight cp3 vs Tony p. Who you like?
Sniff, sniff. What is this thing anyway? A craft fair? explained it to me twice.
regular seeing it in 3d next.week
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -Thomas Jefferson
That was nice of them to let Greg Oden sit with the team.
: When a girl says "whatever", she really means: "I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!"
So good to see last evening. So excited for his new adventure.
Lol I love when people complain at what i tweet, and then I click on their name and see that theyre following me. Haha makes no sense.
Back to Jacksonville ! Bye Orlando #fuck this drive
Hello ! Thanks for following. We're exciting to share news and stories with you!
where's the link money foooooo?? lol
#ilookforward to THE WEEKEND :)
Whenever I think of May the Fourth, I think of
This is what studying does to you. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
#itsalwaystheuglygirls - Wow, it's this really trending? Society doesn't realize how detrimental it can be.
Come start off 2012 right at our New Years Eve Event at Society Nightclub.
I've got it on firefox. Maybe it's something with the settings.
Wow. Crockpot Beer BBQ Chicken smells delicious! Maybe make it a beer night with beer bread & cheddar ale mac & cheese... Hm.
WOW...I voted for Brady! Oh well.
Still no bath?
So far not so good. Wind is kicking the heck out of the Sierra's and I80 is closed at Applegate. Auburn is the refuge.
As part of #TeamFire we would love to thank each & everyone that has been a support to the backbone of our projects! Making it #Epic!
India Trip Fact #2: 26.1% of India's population falls below the poverty line.
The writing was on the wall. Peyton Manning made the Colts what they are today and will always be remembered for that.
And maybe
Continued safe travels! Keep up the fantastic work!
That time when you're checking TripIt from a cab stuck in traffic hoping your flight is delayed in your favor for once.
Seriously if Ron Paul would just hire Sean Paul to write a song for him he'd be so in.
The tweet I just read >>>>>>>> AMEN
Also u know when u wanna be part of the popular crowd just be ur self and talk to them and if yall r tight hang out u know do stuff u bothdo
Stoked for the amount of love everyone is showing the band! I can't wait to get working on new stuff!
You're the perfect platform for this kind of media storm, young IT guy, family man, escaped the rat race for peace, then this
Create in me a clean heart, O God. Renew a loyal spirit within me. (Psalm 51:10 NLT)
Coming up at 7:15 - Our financial expert, Alison Gilman Aquino will be here to talk about Social Security costs
Gerard Butler: Surfing Mishap Filming 'Of Men and Mavericks' - Just Jared
Training Rocky Balboa style with a beard in the woods. He don't need no stinking training facilities.
Registry ideas: all are welcome to create registries; if you have info share for safe harbor (or other benefits)
U Pitt: Bomb threats at 8 buildings so far today. Usually only 5-6. Evacuations day and night. How much longer?
EndNote Web's temporary citations don't have a RefID and use the title instead. That might have an effect.
how old r you
Happy Birthday to ! Best & most inspirational manager I've ever been around. His positive attitude is a joy to be around.
Accenture...I'm actually looking for my next project and one of the guys wanted to know why he should staff me
Those in #WIunion #Wisconsin are brilliant people! Those in shadowy hall ways and secret rooms, can't change that. Good Light goes
At house with going to watch the Grammys 
U know I will wait 4 U
barstoolll barstooollll get hype get hype
One week until it's light out when I get home from work!
Boom indeed. I like it!
Enjoys helping his people :)
#Zombie walk in Shelbyville Indiana near #Indy this Saturday at 5 pm! Please RT!
Drinks this weekend on Janet from Pinellas Park, she just racked in 350 bucks playing #BeatTheBuzzer! Way to go girl!
did your hand hurt after singing 500 posters?
you happen to remember a "Nate Erickson?" i have a Christian Rap radio show now - and will be playing your music! God bless!
the feeling is mutual!
I wanna go to the zoo
honestly, think of this as income -- good advice dr.sun
Who else's facebook just got changed into Timeline this week??
Getting excited about the next opening which will feature Lauren Klotzman. Oh boy!
We seriously need a hardware upgrade at work. It's like FOX is purposely trying to harsh my work zen.
Pray for parents. Children of parents who are isolated or lack essential resources are at higher risk for abuse and neglect.
That sucks!
beans grow fast :)
I'm not a hot girl.
Morning tweetie pies ;-)
Hear there's a free uninstructed model painting workshop, Wed eve - Glendale, CA One time only. DM for details,
Kristen Stewart does fit the description of Anastasia perfectly
Found out my new friend is pretty cool. I think I wanna find out a little more.
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 11
Twitter is oversatuated with spambots now. I look for real people who I find interesting. you fell into that category.
Got my phone call for the night, & my letter. I'm good now <3
whatever floats your boat lol
just went to the library and got the the whole series of encyclopedias, its going to be great when i stack them up for a fort
ok gurl hope things work out so you can come you never know by august look at big moon 2nite it might bring u good luck!
Congrats, Sir!
Awesome show at WildFlower Festival last night! Thanks to all who came out to hear us! More great music this weekend. Come out if you can!
Life never fails to give you bullsh**. You gotta deal with it and dust it off for more bullsh** about to come.
"I bought these gloves from a mexican drug dealer" Today's Funniest Remodeled Quote
that's not coffee! That's an ice-cream shake. :-)
pretty bad article mike
Also, Tommy (raised on a farm) observed a peer's project on toddler pageants, shook his head and said "That's why I stopped showing goats."
So ready to go to my uncles and eat food.
Partaking in what we've endearingly termed "slutty breakfast"
Justin bieber says swag too much in his new song #boyfriend #loveittho 😍
I can't even get the kid to drink a coke! I'll go ahead and take his drink though :-)
If you think you can do a thing or that you cannot do a thing, in either case you are right
Every one follow my new account >>> PLEASE RT!
this worries me slightly.
all the junk food talk-we had sheet pizza and wings for the ncaa game :)
On my way to #chinaplas in Guangzhou ... And I'm upgraded...sweet
I agree. Tons of issues w college. Seasoning in D-League or overseas is an option; at least $ can be earned via those routes
Seriously J-Lo, how much money do you need? Commercials for cars, hair products, a clothing line & now your selling tvs & speakers?
Life after death is as improbable as sex after marriage.
Love you tew!
I only ask because I am so clod.
good love <3
Someone hand him some water..... Smh da
if you haven't jammed to tsp yet you're doing it wrong.
Sending off your Say-n-Play today - Can't wait to see what you both think! :)
Fair enough. I just feel like there isn't currently a lot of discovery of cool new stuff in
How is my baby? i hope he is ok....
Bullet chase scene #1 in my book, Bourne chase scene was good though.
I did that just for you :)
Now it's 100% Kyrie Irving time if anyone else takes this last shot may god have mercy on their souls
Twitter is getting a little gross right now....
Feeling Famous and I'm good now ! LOL
Unlock your shit ass wipe so i can retweet your shit lol
-I'm sexy -By who's definition? Lmao
#pilgf Wish every school board and admin can see & hear Showing examples of using social media is imperative for education.
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them. ~ Walt Disney
MeRT : Baseball players...😍
RT : Geeking Out with Evernote: The Photo Gallery: In the nearly five years since we started Xconomy, I've looked for......
Shavua tov umevorechet! B"H. All is good in the Holy Capital. You and the Shining City?
JAMMIN THE FUCK OUTTA ONE NOTE AND JUST WAHHING YUP THATS MY SOLO
okay, follow me so i can DM you?
Early day on the 22. Wrapped and enjoying a cold one at home. Life is good. Everyone have a super weekend. Go on. Get started...
Women and camo? Deal or no deal?
You can find it on #Youtube RT : have not seen it yet!
In 2030 we will look back and talk about the #EDM era just like we talk about the 1970 disco era
The #Darfur conflict has fallen off the international conflict radar via #NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton
I meant that MSM needs to know why they shouldn't link to him in general. I think that's more important.
Altima went through the car wash and there is still yellow paint all over it!
Looks like I'm finally going to get the data back today from my old laptop, which means I can resume work on my poetry detection algorithm!
im made it home safe call me when the game go off
are you here today?
Go Juliet!!!!! You need to stay! :D
Watching Lana Del Rey on SNL and wondering... Why the hell does she have a career?!?
She should not be able to capitalize in any way during this time
Tampa! However, in Atlanta working on a jazz project...
me too please ;)
hahahaha I think that's one of the funniest things I've heard/read all day
Studying for ms. K's final is tortuous
Too cute :) this tweet made me smile!
PIZZASUB is finally here! No longer must I make the agonizing decision between Pizza and Sub,
From the email: "separating amateurs from pros"? It's almost like pricing separates big who can afford it from small who can't
No matter how many times I try to get into Big Star, it just doesn't happen. Is there something wrong with me?
Nobody cares.
ive been trying to retweet to give you some credit for the info :)
#BaltimoreTrip Great Taxi service in Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
I've wondered forever why there are not tons of accidents on that ramp. It's a heart racer.
She and her boyfriend were gonna get married....... He's torn...
and with that last reply (refer to the tweet below on my stream) I have officially made it!
define purposefully misread, please.
RT : Visit our new Learn with Google site. Watch videos & read lessons on how to start, market, & run your business online:...
Giving some strong thought to ditching my #facebook account. Today could be the day.
tickets aren't going on sale next week, only the tour dates are being released. if you live in the U.S, tickets go on sale in june. ~
"it's true, you are a good woman. Then again you may be the antichrist."
Parents when we walk in covenant with God we don't have to worry about our children.
Yeah. I got a habit
I hate growing up in today's society. It's so corrupt and warped. Everyone is corrupt and warped.
Hot girls have problems too, we're just like you, except we're hot.
Hopefully the #Cowboys have revamped defense after the
ight I'm down
oh my grande ikr! & they're so kind to each other. i wish me and my sis have that special bond like what Ari & Frankie has♥
The goths are dancing. you done good.
we love buck! and we also love buffy! we can't decide they're both so funny!
Ma'am I need you to explain the stream of consciousness that took u from Wilson Phillips to yeast infections. lol
Wow Meg Crofton's title is quite a bit longer after the last year.
Depends...I sub mix everything down to a 2 channel Mbox from digidesign. Works great! -rob
u lucky im outta town or ida been pissed
24 days left of school
Things I Hate. The guitar play that adjusts his amp the whole set and dudes wearing to many laminates.Stop it.
Practice for Easter at church! :)))
Lovely:) I like ur sound.
Thanks Teresa for sharing Jenna's post! Hope it helped :-)
What the hell is Tumbling ? I done seen people on twitter doing it but i dont know what it is ! LMFAOOOOOOOO
I'll be praying for you.
I'm killing this niggers that's a scary sight
LOL. While I do like the silent types they can make u nervous! However the overtalkative 1's are always entertaining to be around!
SON #1: Do you have a headache, Mama? ME: Mmmhmmm. SON #2: Is it 'cause we're loud, rowdy boys? #WellKindaDarlin'
tomorrow but it's a long story. :( yes he gave me my shirt. Thanks.
Follow Customized Exercise with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
#ConfessionNight i still have strong feelings for oomf !
where you gonna be tonight?
Shouldn't have fallen for the fool's gold
Can it really be so serious?
Terry Foster you're cracking me up. Nothin wrong with Downriver girls. We're ALWAYS down!
I love this weather.
Got pulled over for the first time tonight...
Im laying the smackieth down on Randy Orton
And you are so super cool and down-to-earth to even read & respond to my lil raggedy tweets! Lol
I think I've said "I could be at the Spurs game" probably like 37 times in class so far. Lol
lmao, who picked this guy? I am already falling asleep.
She doesn't have permission to speak to me anymore.
is awesome! Nice work. 5 puppies? Oh my! Sounds like a lot of work. You are a good mommy.
You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me. C. S. Lewis
Thanks for joining, and for spreading the word!
I hope your day is going alright! WE ALL LOVE YOU!
you need a job and a drivers license
On my way to Vegas. Something tells me I won't be getting a lot of sleep.
Preproduction for Around Town episode on auditions here next wk...anyone planning to audition and want to chat on camera?
Thank you for following me! I'm trying to reach out to many strong believers in Christ to help support me in my racing career! :)
You are right!
Back in the homeland. Welcome to Milwaukee.
last day of school! Woo-hoo!
Never Loose Sleep Over Something That Isn't Worth Staying Awake For..
With how crappy the Lakers've been on the road, it's hard to get hyped over a home blowout of a fellow middling team like the Blazers.
Oh Lisa. I thought of that as soon as I heard. I can't believe you remembered too. RIP Adam!
never told me the important thing she needed to tell me.
Look at you and your 15 followers hahahaha. I got you beat by 1485 ;)
B A R B A R A shoots with Robert Maxwell Today!
Thanks for tellin people to follow me
Thanks for the RT!
"some stupid quote your relating to"
follow me
Rumor Baxter and Dexter might be at dungeons opening night?????
Ok boys...2 more innings to get these bums....let's go!!!
When Mr,Sralla started using "Teen Slang" and referred to as some one as that slut Sally xD
My Klout score is more than I get paid
m starb, I'm addicted
JESUS! omgogmg i caught u once & you caught me once! ithink? ohlawdjesusss
Enjoying #NationalTrainDay? Fun stuff at from 12-3:30 such as stamp collecting, railway mail sorting, & more!
Im proud of Nicki minaj video wit chris breezy I always say dont give a b#tch chance to talk about U, dats wut she did now she good
tried FB? We'll be there in mid/late May but those dates aren't posted just yet! Tmrrw I think!
break legs man!
whats in the inside
RT Great visit there recently. Great hotel -> Join me in celebrating HotelCheval Paso's only downtown luxury hotel
oh yeah, its been really nice so far
No problem! Hope to catch up with you again soon for more than 2 minutes.
There's now a chance Kansas will be known for something other than nothing.
Romney's "I'll take a lot of credit" is far worse than Al Gore's lines that got him clowned. He shd be laughed off every podium he steps to
Mobile tech lab pulling up to the back door.
I hate the doctor. And the dentist. And anyone else that tries to help me.
Thanks, I had trouble getting your website to load???
A wise man once told me it was gone be days like this.....
cant wait for tommorrow, cause I get fiercer everyday!!!!!!
feel better Justin
why do we have emotions?
Man, does have balls like Casaba melons or what?
me too!
Drink Green Beer!
To learn more about Brian and how to connect with him, read his bio
Sodeman and Holtgraver will start on the front row of tonight's feature, Ellenberger fourth and tenth.
Worked out a little.. biked the Sawyer to work.. walked the dog. Now for some relaxing on a Sunday
followed back.
I'm with my GF and her brother haha (:
Congressional Candidates in IN, NC, WV, ID, NE, OR, AR, KY have 2 more days to fill out the Political Courage Test. Tell ur congressman!
i concur
Kiddo on class field trip. Quote, "I know it's about boring history, but this teacher in my school likes it a lot, so we're going." :-)
any word on that hall?
Why do people have to be so stupid?
“: here's to the kids who get called the worst names ever but don't give a fuuuck.” story of my life..
Please dont die!
It takes thousands of tiny gestures of affection to win someone's love so don't let a few bad gestures ruin it. Love requires perseverance.
Awesome! Please blog about it on edjewcon site :) RT : Presented #edJEWcon ideas to faculty. They clapped! We are on our way!
Looks that way...
ok i have... i don't know how many @ to reply
Come on Friday, let's have done with it!
Okay good night
what up bro! Did you make it to the Drizzy concert? It was sick!
There are many kinds of smarts. EQ vs IQ. Book vs common sense Teaching is a calling.
I get mini heart attacks if i don't feel my phone in my pocket :c
Up late... a sleepless night of arbitrary web browsing.
We're live-tweeting the #CMSgala tonight - we'd love to see and hear about the event from your viewpoint as well!
Photo's with Santa are just $3 during Christmas at Garfield. Dec 10, 10am-1pm.
I glad you like the studio. its a great place to record
BOYFRIEND IS AMAZING. Nuff' said. <3
Did anyone get their tree of the weekend?
Where there is Love there is Life -Gandhi
I heart my sister.
please follow me♥♥
I won't hold a breath for an answer!
I am from Spain haha. You?
Good morning!!
I'd give any besides cain and kennedy for castro
#Shoutout , thanks for the follow, would love to see some of ur dances!...God Bless
I wish everyone was like you
Thanks for the hospitality brotha! Really enjoyed myself. Let's do it again! Shootout to for enhancing the trip!
Are you taking the SLUT home?
Still not ginger.
Great flight of Indigenous varieties. I would have loved to see things like Frapatto, Rosso Piceno, Teroldego..
haha that's funny. She use it?
I highly dislike that film. Seeing Eli Roth get killed on the shitter was cool.
it's seriously like a disease here on GA
YouTube is great for this stuff, but don't worry it won't happen overnight! Just make more and more :)
Don't Miss An All New Episode of The Ultimate Fighter Live Tonight on FX
SF_CraigsList music inst shoppers: Lookout 4 my sea-green rick bass, juno 60, reverend chrome guitar & yamaha bass. House robbed. Family=OK
Lovely meal at yesterday - Perry St. Je t'aime tea was perfect for a snowy night in NYC.
thank you Jenna Fischer: success in show business = when opportunity meets readiness.
Runner Up: Boulder, Raleigh (NC), Greenville (SC), Boise, Omaha, Oklahoma City, Denver, Portland, Seattle
About to have a Falling Down moment!
i'm definantly coming to get it
What's that recipe for strawberry limoncello recipe from ? I have some from Cinque Terre that I want to try.
See you at San Diego Airport May 22nd? Sound good?
I hate cooking shows
Let's see how many bots I can attract with this tweet.
Give me Kevin Love anyway. Take Metta away from me everyday
Wow! Summer rainstorm.
Autobiography of Malcom X
I did not have the little dude today, but he's with me now while his Mum and Dad are off to see The Avengers. :)
lol oo trust me I know but no one has a mother like mines she will argue even after the fact
#PennState Read the news. Paterno knew about allegations just as your ex-president did. Both lucky not to be indicted.
Biggest dork on the planet
I ment A LOT of money 2-nite, should probably lay low the next two weeks to make up for it.
Hey guys, like our facebook page and we'll like yours back! :)
I miss AutoVaughn.
Almost getting hit by a car
Thanks, doll, you're the sweetest. Not sad, just annoyed. (Txting you during Sherlock is almost enough for me to get a phone :)
Initially, I questioned my desire for true fairness. But Gregory's "Meet the Press" is no longer about fairness.
There is a crying baby on every flight. WITHOUT FAIL. Please god,
i know
Braving the weather and going to see Homegrown Electric Circus @ Comedy Sportz
Welcome to all of our new followers! For those in Chicago, hope to see you at the next likemind on June 19!
MT : Does it strike anyone else that our ROE in Afghanistan is more restrictive than for civilians in Florida now?
This time next week I will be hours away from #ATL on a 4-day drive to #PDX. Woot!
Hoping everyone is safe after this weekend & the CCD's are keeping everyone in our prayers who are dealing with these wild fires!
Can't believe I'm joining something else!!! Urgh
Needless to say, we'll keep an eye on the weather.
If the 9news pool wins, there may not be a 9News tomorrow.
Friend of guy-I-knocked-the-F-out-of-the-tourney: "Have a safe trip home" when he knocked ME out with an ace high. Karma? No, corny comeback
yeah ticketmaster is sold out! The tix went on sale at 10am and I went on at 10:03 and they were gone. Prob cuz ppl dis presal ...
is doing a news "mixtape" of business and football. If you could work in a chocolate mention, I'd be all set.
Sesamin is now in our improved Sealogix Fish Oil formula - bye, bye fatty!
As far as I'm concerned, I'm not concerned
Meet me in the bathroom i fuck her while the water runnin
Sad about Macho Man Savage ;-(
Welcome to the newest member of the 2012 season: #22 - Tara Premenko (NEW) Next?
I see you're getting the hang of twitter.
yes I feel you!
Aw damn 😳
See you in Coimbra!
Trust me, when you have to listen to Mickey Mouse Clubhouse for 3 hours straight it's pretty much the best thing ever.
Second masters crucial to career path I've chosen. Don't think it's mandatory, depends on career goals.
your wish is my command.
Follow Me please?
no way, you're polyamaris and want to have sex with me and my girlfriend?
Man, its nice to wake up knowing you have 4 days off.
RT : 2 years ago today, a good friend and an amazing drummer passed away. Miss you Jimmy. foREVer.
Street magic at the mall:)
With graduations coming up, think about a candy flower arrangement for that special graduate!!
Lmfaoo ": #PartyMemories TIN MAN going HAM "
I really like this girls outfit
Mother's Day Call number 1. Begin.
Thanks George for the like!
I like THE EXORCIST although it scares the living HELL out of me to this very day!!!
Any word of WKU looking to get into C-USA if proposed MWC merger falls apart?
Ed Sheeran. Conan. Let me cry.
I have a feeling today is going to be a "making license plates" sort of day.
"…what we need…is seriously engaged art that can teach us again that we’re smart." - David Foster Wallace
Lmfao lady next to me said I need a Louis Vuitton suit case her words " oh honey you must have Lv suit case your outfit is way gorgeous "
Rangers Game!!
R I P to my nigga Lil Steve. Gone but not forgotten
Let us know if we can help! We have tons of scholarships on our website and we can totally pair you up with the best ones!
Morning all
hm (: your a model duh (:
We love u too!
Familia #TheSoulstice extended version coming soon!
We didn't play well but we got the job done that's all that matters at the end of the day
Studios may be good for recording, but they're also PERFECT for naps.
at the Fillmore last night was magic! Can't wait to see her again.
Alright...the weekend starts......NOW!!
I'll follow you back if you follow me :)
Front row Sunday for 4 Senior's finale...Check. Then Phoenix Tuesday for business...Check. #SayingGoodbye2JT&Snow
I had to report 3 accidents/problems today @ work. nbdoa
My sister knows every person that gets shot in Rancho Cordova. Yet she doesn't think she is hanging out with the wrong crowd at all
As life changes so do goals.
Finally put together my #wineweb list. (Been so freakin' busy!) Wine-n-webbers, y'all are welcome to follow my list. It'll grow.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. ♥ 11
Its written?
That's awesome! I love it.
fine, I just want anything of value. Kyle, you can have the cheap stuff.
My autobiography hasn't been written yet.
Nothing says "Love" like a perfectly brewed cup of Rao's brought to you in your favorite mug. Agree?
good idea
it's going to happen!!! #faith #redemption 😘😘 where are you watching the game?
Taking my computer to the Apple Store tomorrow. This is ridiculous, my macbook battery shuts down every 20-30mins maximum!
elk #s don't seem to be affected by wolves to me. Have you checked? F&G seems to issue large # elk tags. Poor management?
Thanks Moms. :)
Thanks! We appreciate the support, both on the court and in the classroom.
me niether! Trying to figure it out haha tomorrow hopefully!(:
what do i know of holy?.. <3
actually that just linked 2 Google. But I Googled. So earth is a giant baseball, right?
sending good thoughts
I'm learning photography for/at work!! Shooting with a Canon DSLR- any beginner's sites or books you recommend?
Happiness is when your boss says something funny! :D
Thanks for sharing great clip & alot of truth with the role reversal standard(Deion instead of Pilar)
Special party for Nellis AIr Force Base's RED HORSE SQUADRON & families and six-month deployment #military 11pm
Finally got my phone!
Join , , and me for a panel discussion on the changing role of systems librarians E205
Akon - I just had sex.
Dawkins admits he thought Denver would have snow all the time. Lives that he was wrong. Says he loves golf - look for him.
Anything new out here?
Yes!! RT : Hearing that Pac-12 tourney headed to MGM Grand Garden starting '13. announcement expected next Tuesday
RT : I hate being Bipolar. It's fantastic.
Hansen says I deserve that for my stupid tweet. "Goober."
Thanks. We had a great time!
Either the Caps began with a 1 point handicap or I missed something in the first 30 seconds...
enjoyed them muchly! Thanks!
I'm coming to LA Feb 17-19. Any suggestions on comedy shows that weekend?
Yes we are having campus-wide network issues. IT is working on it, thx for your patience!
hahaha T and B
the yellow-lined screen of death!
explain why I can watch Ohio high school football and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
Hahahaha! I think I'll be watching this game sometime tomorrow morning.
A number of popular sports movies have been filmed in Indiana including Rudy, Hoosiers, A League of their Own, and Breaking Away.
Amen, I was literally pulling my hair out!!
Sounds lovely... : Don't forget Blush 3rd ward does services on Monday! It's the only day we offer our 30 min facial for $30
Ah my mom nd dad got divorced nd my dad went to england to start a new life
i do have a collection of books that talk about the different elements! Ill get them together for ya!!!
Wheels is an underrated song! Already looking forward to their next album
That was supposed to be, "So glad you liked us!"
u can check my YouTube look up juliusvevo sweetie
I think the thing I like most about you is that I can always count on you to be more pissed off than I am, at all times.
thunderstorm for like the 3rd night in a row :D
all you have to do is show them what they think they want to see, and then they’ll fill in the blanks
A day left of vacation and then back to the grind. Reports from Las Vegas coming soon.
I hope it pays for some tea and crumpets for craft services. lol
Hetalia is a surprisingly cute anime!
tweeting it up from 30,000 feet up.
#Tito should have been the #Sox manager for life...
My nigga I'm faded
how did you fair in your racquetball games? how long have you been playing?
Oracle Announces Oracle Utilities Customer Self Service
Everyone will see your wall. :)
Ok peeps everyone knows I'm a big oyster fan n my fab is #Drago's so my coworkers dragged me 2 #ACME oyster house 2 try somethin new:-)
go AMD X4 Based performance for the buck! and radeon 4870X2 cheap now powerful.
Hi everyone! (:
CBEADLES FACT: Christian has never had a girlfriend he admitted that he has never been good with the ladies
never thought huge was part of it. thought we just emphasized JACK like a bunch of JACKasses
I think I see Jesus in those french fries
hope you better
I aint went this hard since i was 18.!
that's what I did. I went back and learned everything I could.
#njdevils. Are shaking.3rd period is the most important right now #flapanthers. You can do it! Defense and attack!!!
traveling for work and can't pull it up on iPad. Happy to rely on your tweets.
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
give me a shout out an ill give one back
Don’t be a statistic. The average American gains 3-7 lbs. during holidays. @ Q G, folks LOSE wt! Its no secret. For more info quickgymcs.com
Awesome stuff, !
of course. 'tis almost time for diving. :-)
YAY!!!!!!! My voice lessons weren't in vain!!
omg, I CANNOT WAIT to go to ' concert, it will be LIFE
Excited for you !
Wow. Google has amazing tv spots.
I wondered what happened to Billy Callahan after coaching the Badgers, Raiders and Cornhuskers.
that would be awesome, esp as all I can see from my office are the microforms.
That play by Gamel
How do you block someone who is following you on twitter? They have not referenced me in a post, but I do not want them to follow me. Thx!
wat if i kissed u right now...
u singing tonight song bird? lmao
That moment when you come home to an empty Tampico carton after craving it ALL DAY! Bummer!
Sunshine in seattle just can't be beat. Sunny, cold and crisp - what a gorgeous day! It helps remind Seattlites why we love it here.
Everyone go on Teenchoiceawards.com and vote for Jared Padalecki for Actor Fantasy/ sci-fi, and Supernatural for Fantasy/ Sci- Fi! DO IT! (:
salgo de mi BOLD al milisegundo siguiente “: Que opinan si el BlackBerry Messenger llegara a el iPhone o Android?”
New Ideas, New Markets, New Insights.
what ever happened to Corey and Eric's Sister in Boy Meets World like they just forgot about her
and today he was looking outside and i turned to look at him and he looked at me at the same time, lol i'm such a nerd
true multi-tasking
that shit clap bra i gotta slap it twice everyime
wow oh wow! how do u do it?? i can barely shower and eat now that i'm home with my baby!
right Titan won
Any college students developing on SimpleGeo? Give us a buzz: andrew [at] simplegeo.com
I have to go hide off Twitter now so I don't get spoiled for the Ladies Free Skate
I miss Bmore but I Love it!
Love your photo!
Emergency vehicles heading to a reported injury crash in #ForestGrove on Pacific Ave at Quince.
#AskDerulo can I be in your next video
Loving one full hour!
The ending of school. Gets closer and closer
The Murder of of Another Black Man Troy Davis in Atlanta Georgia Killed By States Rights !
I live in my own little world, but it's ok they know me here.
: thanks for the hospitality!
It's nice out, driving home topless.
Black Mamba played out of his mind tonight!
which means I start every morning as a monster...maybe even a zombie
Millennial librarian wearing quirky color/pattern contrast
Eat or Sleep!!
omg! Of course:D tht boy could shave his head completely and still be beautiful!!!
I'm never good enough for my mom... I really try but she never seems satisfied. So much for a
2 Audition Day!
When "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" hit #1 on the pop charts?
Once Novak crosses halfcourt you can consider him open.
okay. well my phone is gay af. so twitter from comp it is
but I like their music videos.
ooh, I was soo looking forward to watching it <3
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HOUR!
Does she love me? (:
I hate sleeping my days away 😡
Jim, come see us at RalsConf (assume that is reason behind Austin stop). Love to catch up.
This could not be a better tribute
Thank you so much! Have a great one as well!!!
I bought BN and it says that it wasn't compiled correctly
just wait until you get to know me better, I am pretty awesome...just sayin...awesome people get demanding
next weekend is going be everything
Emerging growth companies will have more freedom in seeking accredited investors. The crowdsourcing part of the legislation may work for sm…
Christmas music and hot chocolate makes #grading so much more bearable!
So you're telling me all I have to do is be famous and then when I die, people won't care about how much of a scum bag I was?
catching up with old friends >
You listen to much Mike Gordon from Phish, Stefan?
Just posted a track from youtube on my Facebook.. love ya style girl..
Can't sleep knowing that my Grandma Millie is gone forever. Went to the wake tonight and it was so sad </3 I miss you
The Hunger Games book is amazing...
I wonder what snail food actually taste like....BLEH (echos)
Dick Codey went in for a hug once and I yelled NO a little too loudly. Hurt his feelings:(
ya never know at a Steelers game! ;-)
Thanks #Bestie, I think I'm putting in about 50 hours a week!
NO you didn't win! What are you thinking?! The McKay-Beadles team schooled you...I can't believe you thought you had a chance
Canadian illusionist Erix Logan, fluent in French and Italian, works mainly in Europe where he appears frequently on TV, See him on YouTube.
What is it about Catholic school that attracts the wierdest looking guys? 😒
True life: I just requested billy joel at a frat party
Green Bay goes on 4-0 run to end first half. Big run for this low scoring game, lead Butler 25-21 at half.
My family and I just put up our christmas tree. I love this time of year!
BC is the best! I loved it, I'm sure you will too.
Why am I still awake? Gotta wake up in 5 hours!!!
whenever I play Elliott Smith she comes upstairs and makes sure I haven't slit my wrists in the bathtub.
Latin as in liturgical monk music, I hope.
That's kinda my point. U can return a book to any SD branch so even if they started with 10 copies, u might not find one.
Followed you have a beautiful soul I love you
Awesome! Thank so much!
Crispy roasted chickpeas are kind of like popcorn. Kind of.
Do what?
I can't promise you a perfect relationship, but what I can promise you is that as long as we're trying, I'm staying.
Lots happening! I just returned from Green Roofs 4 Healthy Cities conf. & we're crazy bidding & installing multiple projects before Dec 31
ANYBODY WHO TWEETS IM CLICKN ON YO SHIT N IF SAY U NOT FOLLOWIN ME ............. WELL U KNOW WAT DAT MEANS
Discussion going on in the office between and ... what to wear tomorrow in honor of
Who is going to see Marina Abramovic tonight? I'll be there.
Forget Retail: The B2B Applications of Foursquare
1 year 1 championship. All doubts and 1 result! Picked 11 of 12= #1! One for all and all for #Buffs!
going through. actually going into the studio in a few weeks to do my own take on that song. thanks again :) you're awesome.
Another ME thought; I kinda hated Liara in the first one. Thought she was just fan bait. A bit better in the second one
went home from school earlier. either my meds aren't working or....
All Hail the King!!!
All our mortal lives are set in danger and perplexity: one day to prosper, and the next -- who knows? When all is well, then look for rocks
I will notice. Lol
retweeting and stalking in parks, that's me.
Oh I didn't hear you when you said that haha ya last night. It was good!
Watching GHI now ^__^ love this show
gosh if i weren't in germany i would
“: I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color, but one day your going to need me to complete your picture"
I've had a total of 2 people sign my yearbook
i just found out she's tweeting a lot :)
and you whipped that ass too!!!
watching that was the best decision I've made all day. "Bond doesn't get the girl until the end of the movie"
A couple freelance meetings and errands today, then design, design, design.
yeah I text you back.. Thought u were just being rude by not responding lol Jk. But girl is insane
sometimes there is crying in baseball...gonna miss u so much! Congratulations
Quick draw! Call between now and 1pm and you'll be entered into a drawing for an overnight stay for two at the Priory: 888-621-6900
Anyone found a water bottle that you can actually fit your hand inside of to clean? I don't want to unscrew it and Nalgene isn't cutting it.
MT : Mkting already has standards for measurement. Why are we holding social to higher standards?
I'm up seeing my #restaurants & #Caterers in #Nederland & #Rollinsville #CO today.. gosh its a pretty drive! My wife requested a treat...
for what kind of subject?
oh well if you say he's hot....then he must be
I took English classes at Spelman as well. So many great authors and books help inform my worldview today.
Yours too. Omgee its so annoying -.-
Planning around taking care of kids is super hard sometimes I know.
just saw your question from April... If you would like some printed samples let me know.
thank you :)
Thanks for everyone who attended #SXspacepts with myself and ! Great conversation and input on effective space outreach!
so erm where is the boys' first concert on ther north american tourr?
We come away with a better sense of who we are, either by learning something new or believing more staunchly in what we already did.
Studying/Editing today...but first I need to get a nap after im off desk duty!
Ok... I'll try to get there early. Oh lord I'm scared!
MindMaple Inc. Launches Free Mind Mapping Software MindMaple Lite
A bowl of weedies.... Great way to start the day.
its 3am What the hell am I doin up? Lol
RT : 11 new Twitter accounts are made every second.
Lame fight, cant wait when dos santos fights brock
not going 2 happen if it'll cost their kid. i think this is a fundamentl contxt we operate in re:this issue, no?
First night @ the new house. Dont have much in it, but still
There's only one solution at the moment: I have to mull it over at the grocery store.
At least she remembers you.
"No, no Mom... the 80's new wave you started playing at 7:15A definitely didn't wake me..."
wanna go boating meow
I think it's takashi saito's turn to break a rib playing basketball and be out a month
watch our videos (;
You can never have enough cords and adapters. I'm stocking up.
Dedicated to the winners and the losers , dedicated to all jeeps and land cruisers.
I went to an Asian market today and saw fake shark fin for sale. Unfortunately for any vegetarians, it was made of gelatin.
": really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x"
Happy Birthday. <wookie yell>
I spend most of my time on #TWITTER than
Your tweets every morning are like shots of expresso! They get me up & going! RT “: in the end is where the race is won! #TGIF!”
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include being more attractive. What motivates you?
congratulations! We're excited to see you in the fall :)
Storm clouds may gather and stars may collide, but I love you, until the end of time.Moulin Rouge.
I can understand one of em. I love women though. They have Ginny's
nope :]. I can use "hep," though. It's a beatnik-ish synonym for "hip," I think.
thanks man! “: Hurricane by is a Tunee!”
Man next to me to friend: 'do you understand the dynamic of the people's microphone?...it's like the Our Father.'
Working on web stuff and watching Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - one of my favorites
Anyone looking for a sales / mktg job? DM me'
We welcome all haters too. Please bring them, hater!
Bloom applies the Toulmin Model of Argumentation to her own proof argument.
is feeling the flow
you're still a pussy bitch
it's on Hulu, a British series about an antisocial, alcoholic, book shop owner (played by Dylan Moran).
Short-sighted and deadly. States cut back on life-saving medicines to #HIV #AIDS patients. The solution: Make ADAP an entitlement program!
And FYI, I didn't read a single word of that article. Immediately sent to you and closed the page.
FOLLOW MY SIS
Our challenges are here to help us focus and call us back to purpose.
That's right! RT : Shift happens! I am excited and ready for my next adventure!
With the bullpen we have, why the hell does mark Lowe EVER pitch?
MAKE IT OR BREAK IT SERIES FINALE?! I'm gonna cry.
Curious. Does anyone know whose opening for A$AP now that LEP are off the bill? Or are they back on?
Following BRKN fest on May 12th, we are playing a block party at The Buzz Hookah on the 19th! Who's coming out for hookah and OIC?!
I couldn't agree more.
And how! And not separate from but integrated into learning activities? (Call me crazy- is there such as thing as objctv assmnt?)
Why do my sisters steal money from my mom? I have lost respect for the majority of my family.
#WOTD: Good luck to tonight at the #grammys!
I'm looking for the name of a pattern from Febs Blogger's choice fat quarter... it was the checked pattern in mud.
Ever seen personalized:[linked to electronic med recs] video patient ed. delivered to exam room in physican practices?
Back to the beach!
No Red Palace? Drats! Feel better (and come back) soon...
For the burger lovers: Kobe beef burgers. Try the Paradise--smoked cheddar cheese, red bell pepper remoulade!
You're just somebody I used to know..
Pimco CEO Mohamed El-Erian now says we're "close to a full-blown banking crisis in Europe". Could mean he hasn't been paying attention.
How do you prefer to find/browse news on a news site? Do any of them do it right for you?
FaceBook is now censoring some peeps because saying dirogatory statement about Obama :(
Hey Julz! Missed you tonight at ICON! Hope to see you next week! Much love xoxo
T1: My most raving fans are my 2 cats. Only one is on Twitter though -
Short shorts holllla
Let's make sure they understand that! Agreed!
#Olvie Garden, Carmel Mt,San Diego Thank you for your support & hosting San Diego North #Rotary Great staff, tasty food,fabulous time!!!
2.5 weeks away from being able to read what I want to read, not what grad school tells me to read!
Now crack ia a drug...not weed but anyway, whoz BMORE....
! Lady GaGa's South Korea Gig Given Over-18 Certificate!
I Will never say never. I Will fight till forever.. OH SHIT. i already said NEVER. Fuck it.
take a shitload of steroids and jack off your brother watching Operation Repo?
I just go home , walked like 4 miles with Jess and Evan , so freaking tired ,(:
lol Mr. Goodbar that's cute. I dip in and out. What's good
RT Had a great 5K yesterday! Got a PR & took 9mins off my very 1st 5K time 9 yrs ago to the day. << Awesome!
Songs that give you chill bumps >>>
Didn't know what your schedule consisted of this week. Come on up if your fully awake. Got plenty of hard work for you too!
We #CELEBRATE youth we serve-fueled w/ determination-built by vision of better life& sustained by belief they belong in the larger community
Our Mission: Re- thinking the way we see fashion and changing the way we dress for the 21st Century. See it on the runway Feb 28th
Needs to change lifestyle quickly yo
Casper the tranny ghost.
any decent Long Island festivals to play at in the summer?
,me to
we are interested in CISPA, hoping to get rep. rogers on soon... he's traveling and couldn't join us today.
but ditto!
I suppose that's always been the problem; Humans see ourselves as conquerors, not at stewards.
Snakes: Myths And Stories They are far from being favorite creatures but
Sharp Edge Beer Emporium in
Been way to busy this last week. New things in the works, just wait.
Nice. Looks just like the shot in...or, that is "Prologue."
You live in Ohio?! AHH follow we're having a charity concert soon with people like Ryan Beatty&Alabama Capital!
HE IS A NUB COPY CAT
oh hey girl how are you doing?
You need to set yourself apart from the pack. Morgan gave a plan for her superintendency in her interview.
thanks for joining us tonight!
Party hard then head to Europe on a early flight. Walking 'cross the London Bridge, that's that Fergie life.
I like the idea of internet advertising, I been reading this book "anthony morrison Advertising profits" it's very interesting!
Intense irony :school principal emails re speech on school decline in US and he misspells numerous words. "assent" when he meant "ascent"
If I got a dollar for every time said "I'm dumb tight" today I would be a billionaire.
I could eat the garlic parmesan wings at bdubs every day! So fucking good!
;-) you're welcome!
RT : Only so many times a man that has done everything he's been asked to do can be disrespected! Guess GOOD GUYS do finish last
My tea bag says: "To be calm is the highest achievement of the self"...that's probably why it is so hard to do
Yep.Want no part of Mia RT : Lot of ppl think we match up better w bulls and I agree. Chicago overwhelms w hustle, not talent.
Thankful for all the singers and musicians that gives us uplifting and comfort in our lives through their talents
OH MY GOD I FUCKING LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!
RT : In just about 2 hours, the party will be in full swing. Get in here for Mardi Gras today!
“: #MentionTo someone you really wanna be with today.” (; 
-how can MAGNET Network have J Abraham speak to advertising agency folks -Barcelona Spain June 22-
Honest truth without #BuffetRule the entire country looses; the rich cant raise the prices and then not pay themselves; future for us ?
#BoiseSOC Bieter: Thanks the Chamber and Micron for passage of HJR5
And that concludes the last undergrad lecture I'll ever attend...
RT : Oh Austin! You're so pretty when you smile!
HAPPY BIRYHDAY MILEY..:-)
Gotta say... that was the most tweets ive done in 1 day xD SPAM!!
Mudd Design Education Workshop VI -ing
Ugh, I know. People just can't seem to learn from past mistakes.
You forgot 27! You're gonna be talking a lot about him tonight!!!
it's ok :/ enjoy your prom tomorrow!!! #behave!!! Lol :)
sorry EMC looked like a great game though
When I awake in the middle of the night, mostly Left Coast ppl are on twitter. :-))
all good. Thanks
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 9
You have the Power to Make Your Dreams a Reality! Don't wait to start working toward them! Start Today! Make it an Outstanding Day!
hipsters like mainstream, because hating mainstream is too mainstream.
#GymPetPeeves Leaving your used razor/plastic bag/used wash rag/used towels in the shower after using it.
Nice! Working downtown yesterday. Was the coffee good?
There's a lot of information & people in Washington involved in lobbying. Find the information you need. Webinar @ 2pm EST...
Secret Life & Make it or Break it Monday (: hell yeah '
What shirt?
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON
Its been raining the whole day!!!! Listening to some music and watching a movie :) Good night guys.
Rain Rain Go Away
is that wrong? Lol .
I'm praying for you! I hear you are doing better tho love.! Oh, and this is Jamila (:
good luck, that program looks intense :)
Playing basketball today at 4 hmu if u wanna play
:-0 terrifying...RT “: By 2030 50% of all Americans will be obese. Let's get that number up, people!!!! #FriesWithThat”
Working on graphics for Dr. Mark Van Stone's 2012 meme interactive book for the iPad. Will be the most scholarly, advanced book yet on 2012!
Can't wait to see the #TMZ crew tonight. Hope show.
Hashtag discussions like these are a great way to find others of like minds to follow. Follow me, , and
Aww! Did he just pick you by like random?? Or have you talked to him before??(:
Being a real man doesn't mean you do 100 girls. Being a real man means: you fight for 1 girl, even when 99 others are chasing you. <3
in Chicago.
and u have to let me take u on a date that's the rules lol
lol same here. the only way to get what you truly want :)
ya I feel you. Well u can always come chill at my apt
We're so glad you're on our team!
What about the playoff???
ya I'm just intimidated by their accents in there
awesome! so happy to hear it!
The Paris Wife: Why did it take you so long to find me?
Great meeting you last night!
Just joined
#Now Following → !
Any attendees interested in talking history/cultural heritage/humanities programming?
I wanted to say more about writing fitting into the bigger ecosystem now & we need to be ready. Like you said, re-use is key.
OK--one round (I swear) of a word game, and then I'll revise my ICMS paper.
Packed house for the session on mobile learning - wish there was more of this on the program.
Follow my gifboom. It's desireyyyy hah I'll Follow you back(:
I wish would come to columbus ohio. I'd for sure have my ticket for that! XD
Maybe GM should manufacture trolleys.
Super great Friday. If I can keep the kids under control until bathtime, it will be near-perfect
« It be like that sometimes RT : me ._. but whatever»
I refuse to call it a "super moon" until it dons a cape or develops a credible alter-ego.
I need to cut back on caffeine 800mg a day is making e feel like crap
Mind heavy , not even gone get in my feelings , everything will fall in places (I assume) but goodnight! Need this rest ☺
In Music Meeting- Passion Pit “Tonight Tonight” no, I think Passion Pit should go to The Shins School of How To Cover a Song
#broncos what happens if Orton isn't traded? Thoughts?
he's not mad about it anymore. ♥
Silly question! #NowFollowing :)
Me and The Mario Bros. goin shot 4 shot....This nigga Mario is loose!!!
": Dope ass producer =======> lookin forward to the work we bout to do" Thanks man me too!
I am a huge fan and I met you in Seattle, Washington and you signed my phone! My b'day is this weekend, please follow !! <3<3
I be trying my hardest! Be feeling like imma squirt in his face n then NOTHING! Waste of time lol
They Say Red Bull #GivesYouWings & An Erection ~But thats only for slow people who dont know how too use it Haha
I know(: I hate being sick
Have a day Ichiro Jones!
thanks Bassman! “: That's pretty sweet. Congrats!”
I think they are gearing up for the Maury Povich show.. "You are the daddy of this fat baby"
off to bed all you wonderful peeps... I love all my #connecttheleftfriends, and #ows friends.. and every friend inbetween
Haven't heard your voice in a while. Let's fix that.
is standing and fighting against a tough Miguel Cotto. Nobody can accuse him of running. It's a great fight
Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want a congressman who believes in small government, freedom of religion and tax cuts.
Hopefully Flynn has better luck with his hair...
....that's why I said oLdEr cousin
I'm in section 226 where are you?!?
how about the "4"!!! He got on the Wonderlic? Fits right in with the Cowboys
RT : Tomorrow is only Thursday? Oh hell.
I got a pocket full of posies, some devil with a pitchfork talkin like he knows me
Right? They were fine as grapes. Why do that to them?
Out for a morning walk with my best friend smokin' cigarettes. #skinslife lmao
judging by other replies to you I wasn't sure if you knew how to read a boxscore or not
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
I did not
~_~ I miss my friends
Trivia rules! On another note, the #Canucks game is heating up.
Great pic! (And YES to all those flavors!)
lol hey that's double money. U gotta let me know what salon u gon be in cuz I always need my hair hooked up.
darkness thickens over the stormy skies of politics
I am on the phone witchu now
