While we makin xrated movies gone head and do u are a superstar can i be one of ur groupie
Yeah an im in ner like mothafuckin swim wear
wish it was socially acceptable to wear a poncho around town
i believe i just did
I wanna go to the Galleria tho!!
I would too! Hahaha :))
I get the link between 'Planes, Trains & Automobiles' and 'Due Date' but they just don't compare. The former is funnier w/ a lot more heart.
Getting my nails done with ^.^
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
U live in Sweden
Society is founded upon cloth - Thomas Carlyle
ur days of being a fair skinned fairy are over
then be one!
slept weird i guess...
stefani, were you in powell or the research library? we def want to know about any wifi problems. thanks.
Precious nugget from Dr Courtney Hunt at #tcbsm4hr: If your org has more than 1 employee, your org needs a social media policy.
iwanna go go-cartin...& on some roller coasters.
30 Minutes till we pick the WINNER of our 2nd Trivia question of the day - winner will receive a FREE band - tweet your answer
No. No it's not.
Shut up little boy tahaha
I understand now. You're too broke to give back what you owe. You're weak as fuck punk.
Looking for a better way to conduct coupon transactions? We would like to show you how.
Artist gets help from community to create mosaic at Peck Park in San Pedro - Contra Costa Times
you have to look up!! :) We hope you enjoyed your stay otherwise!
That and the fact that the Variety Playhouse burned down during the opening act!
Listening to Up All Night at the ocean. <3
is milk suppose to bubble somebody please answer me before I drink this!!???
I10 is closed!
king of heave and hell lol
I love your twitter pic
I'm shocked and appalled that flying a high school football team from Fla. to Wash. may not be the most financially sound idea.
Lol at you....what makes you think that cussing at me is going to make me want to let you out of the parking lot.
We opened the smallest real estate office in the country today,The Real Estate Office at the Betty Brinn Children's Museum in Milwaukee
Also great bumping into V. Shane from who I haven't seen in several months. Walked away w/slim pickings; not discouraged.
sorta see right now is The Five Year Engagement. Well, Sleepless Night opens this Friday. Definitely want to see that.
RT : Can't wait to experience your performance!!! And thanks for your support
Go ahead and run on Ichiro. What knuckleheads.
Currently watching: this strange yet completely awesome Bruce Lee interview. Really flipping cool.
so I got a new icon(: you like it?
guess what.
For a mind trip, watch 'Minority Report' again (aptly named) in the context of Zimmerman. Ethics issues raised by future 'pre-crime' system.
why the blue truck?
Photo Gallery Flashback of the Day - 1985 Farm Aid in Champaign, IL - www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html . A great festival!
You can improve your health and live the life you deserve! I have been where you are. I know it’s possible! And I am here to help!...
i miss you by blink 182.
I need a pencil
RT“: MASTERPIECES tonight at 8pm!!” Terrific Play! If you want to see something you can debate afterwards, see this :-)
omg. I wanna go to your concert but its in manhattan and im scared my parents wont let me goo >_<! Ughh
the show last night was wonderful! ty so much! <3
follow me! Xx
Appreciated the RT yesterday! Have a great weekend!
you bet she is! What's new with you?
Once Again Happy Birthday To My Younger Brother GMO.I love u Bro, Ur All Grown Up Now.!!U Made It,W/ No Kids No Early Marriage.
via : Drumm_McNaughton_PhD_CMC: George Carlin said, "Somewhere in the world there is the via
Guess she's not all that punctual.
Never Gonna Leave this Bed got me through a really weird time! Amazing music! - That makes you feel something! Thank You!
time warp?
Editing Kiss The Bride. Regan Gomez, Darren Henson, Persia White were all excellent! In pre production on STANDOFF now! We Never Stop!
You already know, but I'll say it anyway: you're at an awesome bar. Also, "Princes of the Universe" would be a rad bar name.
she's not on the program, but I'll look for her. Asecs 14 in Williamsburg, so I'm sure she'll be there.
Bin Laden???Funny how they tryna blame 9/11 on Bin Laden.."Closure"?? yeah ok.research ppl dnt believe everyting you hear..#DontLeadMeOn!!!
#lolwutgtfonoob is the best thing to say to people.
#DuringTheSummer I wanna hang out with all of my friends!
Currently reading the Game of Thrones book series. Show is so good, I had to pick it up.
but until she tell me she's ready....Im
Good luck tonight Muells!! Hopefully this is the new start for you and the Av's!!
Lets go Bubba
Heading to NYC tomorrow for the PR News Digital PR Awards. Crossing fingers!!!
My humans left early this morning. Think it might be baby time.
Most impressive thing about this Dodger team is will to fight back. They wear other teams down and never show signs of giving up.
Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and lucious fragrances
Listening to present on mobile strategy at #MCN2011!
Yikes! Palin's voice still like fingernails on a chalkboard.
No. Plan on tuning in to Denver and Wisconsin.
thanks for the RT! :)
going to class
is that, that tall skinny ass nigga
Who knew: Intrigue & mystery in the world of weights & measures: goo.gl/C6lhb How about a literary thriller called LE GRAND K?
(Zig Ziglar) Efficiency is doing things right. Effectiveness is doing the right thing.
Please get Paul Martin off the power play - I beg you
Dirty hit after dirty hit by philly and now the crowd is chanting "asshole" Stay Classy Philly! 2-1 Devils lead! with 3-1 series lead!
Going to sleep thinking about the best person in the world I love you 
Landed just in time two minutes before airport noise "curfew." Now need a taqueria.
Attending a Luncheon feat. Houston Mayor Annise Parker-Host Asian Chamber of Commerce today 11:30AM #in /www.asianchamber-hou.org/
Congrats to Mr. Plummer, his performance in Beginners was absolutely heartbreaking. But of course Albert Brooks was clearly snubbed.
Back to Back Home runs!!! K-State 3 KU 0 in the 1st inning.
Just landed in Colorado Springs for our weekend series with CC. Last time we were here they ended our season.Time to take two!
I sapposed to be getting one! Soon. I know you aint got none!
Its not that I hate you... I just think youre a self absorbed, cold, fake bitch. Thats all :)
Yes. maybe even next Thursday, before the long weekend? Crush?
I'm so tired
Getting ready to hit the road... Only 800 miles to go... Mississippi Bound!! Two Rivers Bluegrass Festival Thu, Fri, and Sat!!
How would you approach shoe selection for a beach wedding?
Nice. RT : Wow! Who thought Reds would win in Atl AND Cards would lose at home to Flubs?! #Reds are 1 1/2 games out of first!
AT&T warns I use too much data on my *unlimited* data iPhone plan. Listening to too much on my commute. How should I occupy myself now?
Whataburger field in Corpus is awesome. Intimate park with wind turbines, tankers, bridge in the distance.
You are a verry good mother for Austin! We love him ♥. Please follow me? :$ I'm a Mahomie for live!
a #WierdFactAboutMe is that all of your weird facts describe me!
I cant say for sure.
I'm to tell Palestinian Authority: peace can only come @ bargaining table & it must recognize Israel's right 2 exist as a Jewish state
what did I tell you about telling me things?!
that's exactly what you do. Especially the ones who you claim you love the most
New Follower heyy girl hey
and madonna
hope so cuz i would go off
not really..
Listening to Pedro the Lion with my two favorite cats, who I kinda wish were named pedro.
wtf how do not get kicked off ur so horrible if i had one of those id watch for wht u say its funny lol :-)
Verbs-such a great way to think about the importance of what happens in libraries.
Now #Pinterest is everywhere. How do you get measurable results with Pinterest? [#marketingtips]
Nice so where ya from
"...one last chance is better than none."
yepp. it's on his Facebook
We got to play with our former President tonight! Well not the real one, but it was still very presidential. Awesome 9/11 remembrance event.
Lakers played 5 against 8 in the 4th quarter but still got the quality win
At a Party...... Wish was here xP Lol Hahaa It's funny here the quys house that I'm in, his name Homer xD
why couldn't they have done that in the fa final?!
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and driving away from the accident
guess that turned out well thought i was gon get treated
Plane sits all night, and it's only after pax are boarded that flight crew notices 2 tires are showing cord? Seriously ?
I love Seinfeld
“: thank you :)” your very welcome!
$3 silos for everyone during the show and all night long. Let’s get down Milwaukee!
That's a lot of G-D POUNDS! RT : Stat of the month: Jets HC Rex Ryan has lost 90 - 90! - pounds this off-season. Props.
what are you doing after school
gotta take today off my feet need a mo fuggin brake #athleticboyprobz heheh
how u been? DMed u
Honey. do i need to say anything about Prince Harry? Love him.
Great! Thanks for letting me know :-)
Just tapped Lips of Faith Raspberry Saision.
wish you all could be here!
The only way Easter can get better is with a nice dose of #GameofThrones!
Jeez the weather man sounds so bored. "there could be a little or a lot of rain, it depends"
you know I got this. :-)
Would it be rude to #Delete all my #ExGirlfriends off of my #Facebooks ?
"Each child has a voice that wants to be herd" Sen. Newell
i don't care that we lost....you guys played amazing and you made the mavs sweat with your shots! #GoSpursGo!
so wats up party at the twins house any one lol =)
This version of How He Loves by Anthony Evans is taking me there! It's almost overwhelming.
Thanks to everyone for checking out MMJ daily deals. We've been the biggest seller by more than double! Feels good to feel loved!
BAD GIRL ASS CLUB
Baby good love and protection, make me your selection.(8)
So predictable.
Atianda saw your sign, said "we're voting for that man. He goes home to eat/sleep than comes out so people can vote 4 him."
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU! WORKING TOGETHER WE CAN INCREASE PROPERTY POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012
When was the last time and awards show came and went and we weren't left saying "it was a shitty year for movies"
Don't ask about my pan pizza....it's personal.
Hey, Hey, were the Monkeys. Damn.. just saw Davie Jones Died! My mom loved him.
lol love how the first thing in your description is 'redhead'... i
Exactly what I just said. To get their attention; it's ridiculous how hard it is.
thank you for the incredible work! Your style, creativity, and passion will take u places. Happy to build the biz
I loved to see them evolve into different paragon paths back in the day. Like the character was leveling up with us over time
Was curious—what was it like to be transformed from a "duck" to a diva for the show by your competitors?
yesterday was the last day... But the good new is YOU are free, you #smchi pro, you : )
Mormonic: The new Mitt Romney musical. "It's more than underwear, but not much...There's that smell... Is this real?" the critics rave.
knock, knock, knock, Benny...knock, knock, knock, Sheldon...knock, knock, knock, Benny...knock, knock, Sheldon...Benny
It's gonna be in the BankAtlantic Center Oh and it's on July 1 2012 lol idk y I believed those girls in class -.-
cleaning the house :(
Can't sleep I shoulda went out :/
Cooler than a breeze.
I hate waitin for the bus after 5th
Is google search down for anyone else?
Having worked all day on a fundraising grant, I'm calling it a night. Tomorrow is a better day. Best Wishes to All!
well put beanie. telling someone you love them after their gone leads to regrets
Alot of things I wont take, and.thts being someones second.... CHEERS
aww thats awesome! Im seeing live in july at ! They r my secoond favorite band!
last time i checked , yu was nobody in my life !
Performing at Broadway Comedy Club in about 45 min. Come out!
Always remember who you are and where you come from. The world will try to change you- don't let em!!!
off to no doubt, no doubt about it.
Whats A Fuck Boy Too A Trap Nigga , You Moving Ounces Im Moving By The Pounds Nigga !!
I fucked up bro lol I blame you bro
Happy Birthday hun!! Hope your days' amazing!!<3
let us know if you have any questions about using the app, happy roommate searching!
why the emphasis on "RELAXING"? Is that code for something else? :P
had beers with buddies; now, Jason Isbell show.
Kind of thinking about buying a ticket to the Indy 500
we're thankful that people support our mission of preserving one of ft.lauderdale's historical icons! Thank you!!!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Cookie Mix in a Jar I 4.67 / 5 Stars | 84 Reviews by Lisa "Oatmeal Raisin Spice cookie mix in a jar with tag a
Persistence propels potential to perfection. - Soichiro Honda, Founder, Honda Motor Company
SMILE BIG...we open at 4 today :-)
United way will provide Tax Assistance at the LaSalle Branch every Thursday in March at noon. To schedule an appointment dial 2-1-1.
I know way more than you'll every think
We won't know until 2012. :) RT : using any Lotus components? That'd be very cool for couple of British companies.
your welcome.(; and my name is Kaylie:)(: lmao.
thank you! We're glad you enjoyed the show! Come back and see us again soon!
I think I just threw up a little up.....
#5Votes means #JOBS!
We gone tear some sh*t up...#cutdafool. It's gonna to be like the TSP pre-party.
USPTO Dir Kappos: Patents for Humanity program, providing acceleration vouchers for inventors putting IP to humanitarian use.
msu does have a great name in ncaa bball. But they wont make the tourney with less than 17 wins...remind me of there record...
just don't look down! it's scary down there...
Guess I'm gonna try tweetin now. Who's with me?
#Actors - unsure of how to prepare for an audition? Download Actsophia and use Sides Prep for a step-by-step guide on preparing to book!
tell the truth to em. #healthrecords ask him. You want the truth about him get at me. Don't believe his lies
Listening to Astor Piazzolla while Jan reads Julian Barnes. Nice Saturday afternoon.
WNDR3700 worked out of the box. almost boring... I'm tempted to replace the firmware just because...
Rachel apparently doesn't have what you described as hot.
#NiallisBeautiful ... The End ^-^
I'll pass along my congrats, too. Look forward to thinking about it alongside Black Hearts.
Thanks for sending it, tho! Can't imagine he'll be invited back. Is it ever a good idea to start a lecture w/ a Klan joke?!
I think you wanted me to remind you to bring home a bottle of red wine.
maxwell isn't even yours
What a beautiful day in good ol' Saint Paul. What are you doing to enjoy this wonderful weather?
are the most amazing musicians weknow and together they createthe most beautiful music
Your all I think about <3
Thought that said "Restore Santorum" <-- confused and horrified.
Thanks to everyone who came out for Bereolaesque!
thanks chris! :) have a great weekend!
RT : Winning organizations must have a culture of communication. It must be in the DNA of who you are.
hahaha I wish ;)
Pre-sale tix for our show w/ DALE EARNHARDT JR. JR. are $10. Get from us + get a free CD single/button at the show!
I've made a list to organize my lists! No, where to put it so I won't miss it?
Just because they make bright blue eyeshadow does not mean you should wear it.
talkin bout huge ass motherfucking cock<3 I'd take that.
eh it ain't no Cutler arms but at least it looks like I workout! LOL
whats good 7 when is Nobody But Us with and coming out?
I'm going to be blogging - stay tuned for my post early next week! cc
Even after a bad harvest there must be sowing. ~ Seneca
...The Savage Detectives. :)
thanks, Sam! Enjoy your weekend!
David Wilkerson went home to be with the Lord today in car crash in TX. His ministry was huge inspiration to me.Great man.Great reward!
Can't wait to pet the virtual penguins at the BBC's DVD release of #FrozenPlanet at the short hills mall tomorrow!
alright,cool! So I'll see you there then :]
The govt is so mystified, mystified by all of these autoimmune disorders in kids the last 15 years! What on earth could it be?
LOL! RT : I just saw my goldfish doing a P90X workout. I think I'm feeding them too much as well.
I have some more photos of that I need to get on flickr. I have no idea what they were thinking.
"we have to become an idea capital" #dwntwnmiami "
"Dude, I was there. Stop trying to change the story."
yes beer and bacon! M
Have a great day!
Yo, u hear about Rose???
great movie. my stomach is still gurgling. most of that stuff i have seen/read, but still so eye-opening!
@ the movies - Inception - composer Hans Zimmer on the show tomorrow
Busy busy week, pride and unity awards tomorrow, and the then honors banquet on Thursday..i still need to buy the shoes for Thursday
“ My face break& out bad smh Baseball doin this”
so true, preach
- you have great friends! 15 miles? 2 weeks before LA? It's called tapering girl!! ;-) do 6-7, and then ice the knee.
Looking forward to my 3 day weekend! Hubby and daughter are both home tomorrow!
that ain't no good homie
Oh my gosh, Philly, you are getting me so excited for Reach! (now I'm happy I actually pre-ordered it)
E.g., not a brand new Gen Ed, a '10-yr tune up' emphasizing continuity.
mee 2! Ah mine can't curl that way waaaah! And her brother haha oh yeah ;)
JK: sense of Belonging = recognition (know who I am), insight (beyond what is obvious), proactivity (solve before asked), inclusion
Gosh everyone is yelling at me and being mad at me, i cant handle this anymore, just need someone to talk to.
Scouting High school & college.
omg u look so much like my BFF that's crazy mayb y'all twins or sumthing lol but seriously
Another coldn yucky day. This calls for an even bigger discount....mention this tweet from now until noon and get 50% off ANY medium drink!
is ticked that the homeowner cannot B contacted atm. HEY, 216!!! UR H2O IS RUNNING. & DRIPPING THROUGH MY CEILING!
Under- Pleasure P is my sht !
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. – Will Rogers
Well... Imma chill on the balcony!
Scratch that. We're going with the inside of a banana tree.
not a prob
Very happy birthday wishes go out to the talented & kind Mr. today!
so weird that it's sunny
So glad I don't do lent, I love the food I eat, swearing, and every urge I have that others push themselves to suppress
This is the best Dr. Phil episode ever
just starting! Was a paralegal since I graduated but always wanted to act didn't want to wake up one day with regret :)
Let's get these teen hearts beating faster, faster.
#Jazzlovers #Follow and #RT us for #free #tkts to the
“: The Buried Life just crossed off: write a new book. Bring them on to cross off #79: Dance with Ellen.
i know how u feel, i'm at law school from 7am to 1pm and i have to work from 2pm to 10pm everyday :(
you say imaa princess but maa needs are more like a queens ♕
Rough night for my Pats but I'm still a New England fan for life. It's almost spring training! Let's go Sox!
I am a contender.
RT : Yay for moms, , babies and all!
Happy birthday to anyone born today. Eat it up, suckers. See you in four years.
RT Kill it : Lets go C's! Making $$$ at The Greatest Bar with and !
Excatly one year ago, I. skyped with bieber,
It was worth the wait! The Game of Thrones second season premiere was amazing!!!
We are happy to see that! You rock!!!
That's disgusting. RT: “: There are enough preservatives in a bag of Doritos to mummify a small dog. ”
WE HAVE LEVI SHOES!!!!
Stetson U developed 2nd or 3rd college iPhone app, now have an augmented reality app - project based learning
I'm playing two acoustic shows in WI. Probably too far away for you to check out. I'll get to Cali one of these days.
Good Morning Beautiful/ Handsome <3 Have a great day!(:
someone called me lookin to cop that iphone big homie
check Observant Eye at the Metropolitan Museum- it goes well with your mission!
Thanks girl! I had a great birthday of swimming, rock climbing and taco tuesday =)
Haha don't be, I'm a workoholic lame-o.
Desperate times calls for Desperate measures... #39 
is taking her cat to get her sutures out this morning
Fuck emotions they cause nothing but stress and pain
Listening to the kids play outside, and watching Scott assemble the gardening boxes I asked for.
Klinsmann: It's up to me to build on US foundation
um I'm going to miss you and the rest of your class..you're the last decent class..
Thanks for the mention...looking forward to reading your posts. Missing Siena...:)
i just can't stop listening to it!
happy mothers day to my mom up in heaven . i know she mad at me cause i aint finish school but im going to college to change all that love u
Glory Road ...
What about the brothers with an 8 pack or a keg lol.
Kinedo is now AfterShock Web Design. Tell your tweeps to follow us at our new twitter:
Put some damn clothes on skank.
Lmao! Light weights! ❤ uu! RT : Happy bday to tw coldest chick in the game! The next light weight to me! 🎉🎉🎉💃
Yes! Braves do it again!
Just saw decked out in green accessories trying to cross Connecticut ave.
I laughed at that, too! RT : Hahahahhaa they think Twilight is dark.
Smart article on #voguearchive All of your thoughts were dead on.
Karen Leland: How to Promote Your Small Business Blog
Go Canucks Go!!!! I love being a citizen of the best city in the world! :)
Oh lird... Sure now it wants to autocorrect to lord. Whatever.
Music Matters
Who did you have in the final four?
It's great to see the instant awareness that this #KONY2012 trend is creating. Let's hope it lasts long enough to see it through
you are an amazing momma to our two boys. Happy mothers day. I hope you enjoy your day. Love you
I totally understand why owners leave trust funds to their dog(s). My states my puppies. Yea, I know Im crazy dog lady. Lol
"ya know I don't feel really good where's that theraflu shit?" -mom hahha great lady
Rain picked up and got louder just as Midnight City by M83 came on Grooveshark. Small moments.
Sweet Jesus kanye! Twitter may implode
Congrats to you and you family. She is beautiful.
Wow. Carver Museum. Had my PBS induction ceremony there. Glad to see its still standing.
I can’t think of anything I would hate more. It seems like it would be useful, but the unintended consequences will be Hell.
yeah sorry rachael it's true
RT : That was #smtulsa 's Realtor to the stars :) >> Can I help u w/something? Lori
9 hours sounds like 8 hours too long
Thats respectable! I credit #BirthControl for my tweeting and
yeah I know hoe!!
Goodyear takes FOREVER just to change oil! I'm bout to start changing my own.
and ignore the DBs that got torched by rest of NFCN last year?
THE" DogHouse on the hill? If getting your pic there is wrong..then you're in EXCELLENT company. (demented, but excellent) =)
Utilizing our network of trusted vendors, we will save you time & money with almost any type of personal assistance & concierge service.
yeah i do be ignoring, i go into my zone
Explains a lotRT CNN mind in a BET world.
Never put much thought behind the local/state gov officials when voting. After seeing this #vikings debacle, I pledge to change my ways
Thanks for passing along my piece.
Shhhh, don't tell anyone but G+ is beginning to grow on me a bit.
Where are my #actors, #directors, #producers, and #agents who are looking to network and connect?
I am not sure. You tell me. What do I need to know?
This administration in Washington is just like the last.....they don't listen like Congress
#iLoveWhenYou tell me i'm beautiful💗
i'm up already, too!
Please welcome adamandstevesto to the Max life
almost lover pandora is the shit
Yaaay! Right when you make one tell me your screenname so I can add you...I think Habiba has one too =>
#ItsAwkwardWhen you go 2 the right n the other person goes 2 the right 2 then u go 2 the left 2 get out the way but they go 2 the left 2
Yeah.. Today was horrible..
Just curious, does this comparison ring true for you - old man cafe: hipster cafe:: old man bar: hipster bar?
AND STILL AND YET STILL MY STOMACH IS NOT SATISFIED AND REQUIRES ANOTHER SNACK... AND GRANT IT'S WISHES I SHALL... ;-)
OMG<3 i talked to Him today;♥!
Two Cow Garage two blocks away at Ace of Cups and I'm still working. This is not what I need to be doing right now.
ur joking right? Raise spending through education, we have people lets train them not import more!
Welcome on the follow & thanks for the RT on the opening of cafe in downtown Tampa. Swing in for lunch sometine
yes, yes they are :)
Dr. Lupo was in #Redbook, the January 2012 issue on the topic "Don't let winter make your #skin look old". Get your copy and read up, now!
The Gulf: Day late Dollar short, gov and BP
I'm going to compile every wise and/or witty thought, tweet, and idea and make a book out of it.
I love Saturdays. No work tomorrow and I get to spend a lot of time with I look forward all week for today/tonight. Don't end
sorry, I should have said, "call bc he LOVES #ufc like woah crazy". Better, ?
celtics getting heated. WOO! GO CELTICS!
oh he'll yeah
Greek history to me will never get boring!!:D
While Mitt Romney is opposed to gay marriage in America, anything goes in the Cayman Islands.
Watched my favorite show #smash are amaxing! Want to be on this show so bad!
at home vs Cincy
Breakfast with the family this morning. Feeding three growing boys is always an adventure.
will you follow me?!(:
yep, got hired by Universal Orlando!! Working Rip Saw Falls, one of the water rides.
Wisconsin Republican Senators issue orders to arrest 14 missing Democrat Senators...stay tuned.
As usual the struggle to start the year. Is 6-7 acceptable for their roster??
Who designed ikea?
Thanks , , , for contacting me, it is an exciting time we live in that it is so easy to connect.
Much Love & Peace to anyone who supports our music. VO Crew, we are now #14 on the charts of Reverbnation in all genres!
Thanks Steve! I'm going outside in the sun to enjoy my unemployment now...
Good morning. I'm starting my day at the gym getting a workout in.
can you follow me ? :D
Congrats to SAA-SC members Jennifer Kirmer & Alex Champion! Their poster submissions were accepted at the Midwest Archives Conference!
Ho! I'm glad too you piped up, so it's not just me. It's strange. (I'm waiting for my beloved Umbria, of course: Tues.-Wed.)
Spotted: guy without a shirt screaming at passing cars... it's my black car isn't it? Hatin' is bad.
Oh Hey! Did anyone notice we got a new website!?!?! We like it! what do you guys think??
I would do the same thing if the internet was down for 20 minutes.
i had a foot long subway at 10 in the morning yesterday haha, was good
Omg! High Noon is brilliant!
SECOND TO NONE ...THE END
If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the up button!!!!
My husband has built 2 different windmills, but has not yet hooked them up to make any power..that's next step to work on. Maybe for a radio
Thanks for joining today's webinar!
those 3D sonograms are creepy as fuck. don't care what you preggo chicks think. they scare me.
Get on renovation/building committees.
sound good!
Have you heard the new Obie Trice album?
and yet you are NOT at the VIP preview for Carlos's show tomorrow... Saddest face!
All forgiven if you bring me back beads, but don't describe how you got them! Have fun for me too, you two.
"should the government be doing food safety inspections..." What the fuck country/century is this?!
would have stunned Laurenitis' goofy ass!
he makes it too easy!
AH, why are you so Beautiful? &&Blue is defiantly your color! (:
can you chill with the sale emails? I get it, it ends today. No need for 6 emails. Poor guy who had to send them today
yup! What are you doing today?
Im down for that DJ gig, Im ready if u need me fam! RT I need a new Dj!!
I'll be back in Fay.. Gotta save that money for John Prine anyways.. I don't get free tickets to festivals : /
And in that moment, the Nsync pandora channel made everything feel right.
I wanna' wake up where you are.
#thatGLORIOUSmoment when a professor dismisses class 45 minutes early bc he can't figure out his ppt when all he had to do was press enable
You know it!
“: I forgot #FF yesterday! Here are my picks this week to #F_O_L_L_O_W! ” Thanks
Im used to soarin..thats all I do!!!#2FLY!!!
If I pull you closer when a group of girls are coming ..
sorry... dot sauce is what i meant!
tied behind my back on this one
Shacking up with F. Scott Fitzgerald for the rest of spring break. Almost as sexy as it sounds.
Let's go #Lakers. let's make it 6 in a row!
RT : A BIG congratulations to #WISELA Executive Board Member Allison Howard on her new position with !!
Ebay is the first place I check for electronics. I usually find a good deal with a little bit of patience.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for three exciting opportunities in the Minneapolis area. This is for a local government client and…
Way to go! I'll be doing more #writingsprints tomorrow. I now have an awake 3yr old keeping me from being productive.
Congrats to UW's Nick Toon! The Middleton native should make another nice weapon for Drew Brees in New Orleans.
Trashy ass blizzard i got from dairy queen... Ugh
I will be in Austin the first week of january! Let's catch up.
the hunger games looks good as hell!!!
During the ballgame on the radio, I heard an ad for a plan to turn debt into wealth but missed the #. Does anyone have it?
loveloveLOVE San Diego!
Tony, give me a call at 5129837614. I would like to discuss an opportunity with you. Thanks!
that's a very cool idea. I've only read the first hg book... Does Collins explain the other districts in next 2 books?
rocks! It's not too late to join them today!
#23 glorious sunset on the Gulf - Pass Christian, MS
Mexican beer night at Hooligan's, $3 for Coronas, Tecate, Pacifico beers! 2017 E North Ave
RT - With the 6th pick of the draft, I picked Maurice Jones-Drew, RB, Jacksonville
Eh, my "visited the mothership" T-shirt is still pretty funny ;)
RT : who is doing the beat(s) for the mic pass <-ACE 1
aww! When do yall find out what it is??
Oxy Mo: Civil Libertarian
they help you sleep
Now she's crying because she doesn't want to leave lol
It looks great but Im a little puzzled. I just looked at the site to order and realized doesn't deliver in DC...
Bieber sucks
yeah fuck her
I'm good my friend!! Can't edit to hear the new tune :) Things good with you?
Exhaustion makes cowards of us all. Manage your energy.
We are very excited to welcome you here to Georgetown!! :)
stay beautiful.
Mexican food yuuummmm
": Life is too short to be depressed over mistakes you've made in life."
Share our 'Fun Pics' with others! ^ ___ ^
Listening to 's cover of !! Amazing!
hate you.
thought it was pretty good!
Your son came in smelling good. U told him nice
Guess who has Peyton Manning AND Arian Foster in their main fantasy team?!?!?!?! SMFH......
Note to self: never respond to a student e-mail at 11:30 PM on Saturday. It confirms that I really don't have a life.
I can only take so much social interaction a day
If LeBron doesn't win this year he may never do it. Easiest road to a championship ever.
Actually found a limo for prom :)
Woot! RT Yum iced coffee & savory muffin @ awesomely close cully mrkt. Thx Joe - can't wait to try more from
glad I'm not her neighbor.. I've seen it.. Its so horribly tacky..
Well Suppose I Didn’t Want To Share..Just Keep Things In The Hall Closet…Then It Would Be The “Not Sharing Closet”
Another win by the Indians! Great defense by our team! Love watching my boy play ball! :)
My eyebrows look really good! And I'm really distracted....
Let's trend #soulsurfer! RT if your in!
Wake and bake then 34th and SoHo for some shopping.
Stuck on a plane in Mem bec they clsd the lng runway-we are 2000Lbs over weight to take off on the others. Took 4 skinny psgrs off to mk wt
My teacher after seeing my sickly self in class today: "Emily, fill that out fast, go home, and don't say no to drugs honey"
okay u do tht and yes
Don't tweet ab being on your period.. 😷😖
Come to the loading dock.
you too!! It was a beautiful day here...lol hence the reason for moving :)
It Is The Home Team Medias 6th Month Anniversary Next Month .. Thanks For All Your Support ..
Where my Dailies At?
I don't think I could ever say this but I am utterly disgusted to be NY JETZ fan right now
your website is awesome as are your articles on T-Nation!
so tired of today. want to get into bed
HEY #Detroit! ONLINE tickets for are all SOLD OUT! However, we WILL be selling tickets @ the door!
who's your cousin?
Oh wow! That is cold for FL! We are freezing in Virginia w/ 29 degrees. It's been windy too. Stay warm. Enjoy ur Sunday nite!
Imma G when it comes bowling.lol
Join us at 10 "in the Trenches". Don't b scared.
So yeah, Avengers? Kinda awesome...oh, who am I kidding. It was ALL kinds of awesome, occurring simultaneously across multiple dimensions.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡3
new head shots for my very talented redheaded middle child... he is soo handsome and the camera loves him so
Thank you!
11-0 on my bracket so far. I had VCU over Wichita St as my 12-5 upset. Lookin' good so far.
I don't even know what reconstruction is to be honest.
Good Job
im sorry I took a shit today so im all out no shit here
Idk why certain ppl wanna turn this beautiful smile upside down smh,
Good morning Twitter.
Shit man just watchin my dog sleep ya heard me yall people get at me
did last night. me likey :)
Welcome back to earth fellow #Orioles fans. That was fun while it lasted.
oh how i wish i was in miami right now
When're you in SD duder?
In Loco Parentis => In the place of a parent
sometimes i wonder where i will be in 10 years from now
Dickie: Humours of the Old Bailey recontextualizes court records into humorous tales.
I already did but your thing is private
OMG… When I would moderate chat this season, creeper Laker trolls would always come in chat and talk shit
okay now i'm fangirling again I CAN'T it's almost 1am WOT IS MY LIFEE
It look like things are looking up for me putting my all in this time around
“: I'm still on lastnites work. Fas”Get 2 It!!!
yeah, hopefully!
Something in this classroom smells like straight shit
February 1885.....Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is published
I for sure love Kokomo. Who doesn't?
text me!
So much cursing in Veep
Senate begins debating future of U.S. Postal Service, is considering to allow the service to ship beer, wine and spirits.
Had the LOS burger for the 1st time. Pickled green tomatoes are great! Thanks for coming out in the cold to Chestnut Hill.
Exam time.
I Was Trynna Remember Why Chris Bown & Rihanna Broke Up . Then It Hit Me .
RT Sibling Abuse is connected to the rapid increase in BULLYING. Bullies are made in the home.
Glad you like it! Only the best... RT : thanks for invite... newrelic & git integration is cool !!!
why is not holloween yet
thank god ": Goodbye America! Rihanna is moving to London.
Blue line driver who left Braddock @ 7:28, great job communicating about the delays. Thx.
Back home again
Have a great weekend everyone!
One day the right guy will come.
Good thing that #koreans dont have the same sense of entitlement that ppl in the US have re:social security/medicare
: Why not offer a Volunteer Tax to millionaires? Great way to test patriotism and offer a channel to those 1% who want to help.
If I HAD to get out of bed, it would only be because a giant chocolate cake rang my doorbell and tried to sell me a bottle of whisky.
Your intoxicating my mind.... Baby can i get a refill??
YOUR SEXY AND YOU KNOW IT :)$
really ain't lol so I'm leaving while I get the chance nothings holding me back :)
same! If there's anything we can do for you guys let me know! -Chris
Me too. That was my favorite place for a weekend brunch.
Thanks for the love!
My thoughts are with those who are involved with the terrible accident near the Bronx Zoo in NYC today.
bruce's rough talent was readily apparent. and some still prefer it raw. I'd take a whiskey though to ponder.
Happy for you Mark :) Sucks about 4 30 am though.
I sure will =) x
RT : " You guys kick some major @#$ I am proud to be a client" We love the health & wellness gurus at Vitality Team!
Stopping for Starbucks before games > yes please (: 🏀
honey you know it
Chelsea in champions league final 2012. Chelsea not even in champions league 2013. HEHEHEHEHEH
Who gets to name these college teams? The Orange Men, the Jackrabbits, the Shockers, the Rusty Trombonists? Ok, that last one was fake.
I can't believe it has been 13 years! I've so many great memories from that day. I love the new avi!!
is that bad?
Who Actually Wins In Team Building Activities | Villa Paradiso Hotel ...
FREE wine tasting 4-6pm, Happy Hour 1/2 Price Wine, Beer & Sushi 4-6pm AND Open Mic Night 7pm-close! Lots going on at Crush today!!
RT : The point when you brazenly leave your Masters stream open.
Hello, and thank you
Well...one of those you have the power to change. What would you do if you had the choice?
Shared the program with the Mom's Club of Newbury Park this morning. Met a great group of gals!
I'm feeling the same way right now!
it wont work for me. :/
Trying to schedule around track practice and lifting <<<<
camp rock...what's that? ;D
A red-eye flight departs late at night, arrives early the next morning & lasts about 3‒5 hours, an insufficient period to get fully rested.
thanks for taking the time to shadow the empowerment coordinator and visit the classrooms.
looks like something Jean would eat.. LOL
Did that many years ago and remember feeling like I was at constant odds with the rest of society ...
Love seeing my family at the tanning bed
Awesome. “: Love it when they fight lol...they be going at it”
Now reports are that Manning will visit Tennessee and reporting he will alsovisit Texans.
pay attention in class! :P #ItShouldBeHereWednesday :)
Can't get enough of the Zeds Dead remix track, Dear God 2.0
LONG BEACH. Little stripper children walking around cos there's a pageant. No pics cos I don't photograph children that aren't mine.
I'm a girl lol
Dubstep in The Used's new album #Vulnerable? I dig it.
Got what I wanted now , & nothin is gone cum in between us ever again . Not lettin him go this time : love my baby
They asked if I gained weight and I was like na pocket can't handle the money
do you remember me? im the girl who made the support account about you
Watching the O's this year, as everything will slowly unravel, will be a slow horrific torture process.
#HeatEmployee lol “: This white man cutting the grass lookin like a CEO.. Real life dress pants and a button down long sleeve”
Aw.. My patient named her daughter after me!!..eek!!.. So sweet!!
attending all-day meeting "Defining the Virtual Library of the Future" at NYPL - plans to strategize on e-future!
Thanks! Glad you like it!
Direct and Interactive Marketing
YOU are the first person I thought of because you text me the most.
Rest in peace Grammie I love you
HAPPY FATHERS DAY! What is everyone doing today to celebrate?
I could go for a bloody mary right now.
Probably shouldn't have tweeted that. Oh well.
skipping school tomorrow! feels good☺
Though LOVE him as an actor, he DEFINITELY is George NOclueNEY.
Looking for a double header Twitter Chat tonight? #journchat at 8 pm ET and the meet me on #Socialchat at 9 pm ET talking
Tami needs a Mental Health appt. STAT!
Congratulations to All-American JUCO Showcase Alumnus Jesus Delgado (Cochise) on signing with Texas Pan-Am. We wish him the best of luck!
i want a utonagan
THX! & too! RT : I support/follow/eat at this places
Thanks for the RT!
I hate changing baby they get Shit every wear ugh........
Was it changed this year? It was $150 MA/$250 PhD for as long as I was on assistantship.
LIVE This Thursday Night @ Heat Ultra Lounge Performing I Beat The Pu$$y Up TEXT 562.307.3589 For FREE ViP List Or Bottle Service
Yeah, nobody around here is looking too great either.... All of the #KU fans are loving it, though!
thanks for the album!
Ready for #get2012 to begin! Picked up my microbiome kit on the way in, that will be interesting!
Access is everything...
Our bodies replenish atoms completely every 7 years: "we are processes not things."
Tag yours or your friend's band on this status so we can check you out!
I wouldn't go with Fantasy, but Historical FIction would work pretty well again.
ipod's on the brink of death. Oh dear.
Without the Nile River, all of Egypt would be desert! Egypt only receives an average of 1 inch of rain per year. The Nile is 4184 mi long!
English lessons with Barry Melrose: You can't rely on the secondary and the 'thirdary' players to score for the #NYR. Thirdary?
it is:)! why are you up!!
Happy Birthday Eminem!
That celebration at Rupp was amazing. I will never forget that scene of grown men, women, even young kids crying. What a team, what a year.
s/o & the brother victorious for dropping the new mixtape The Break Up Part 2
Continuing my quest to find best early education toys to inspire #Engineers. Latest funds are snap circuits and Violet the Pilot book.
I miss you!
glorious day
It's time
Just showed my wife your videos, she kept saying SAVE THOSE. Love it!! Nice work B
What is there to expect.
GREAt! It will be awesome !!!!
Thank you for following me! Next year, our school will participate!
Catch basin!
MT : Baltimore Public Schools CEO Andres Alonso on 's EdTechLink: "This will be a winner!" cc
Fuck the West coast and fuck everybody on the East. LOLOLOL
if you don't stop it with yo ratchet ass guuurrrrrllll
need to go to sleep? what else is new? lol
Friends!!! 6.o.clock at the Boardwalk in orangevale. Come see me make an idiot of myself on stage
Cream Lounge Scottsdale tonight Special Event No Cover Text 480-352-0903
thanks! RT : #FF - connecting women from..variety of professions [in] #Indy, founded by &...
"do you like children" "yea I babysit a lot right now."
Will do, Joshua.
i am in a huge reading slump right now, so i get it :)
no, you do! hope to see you soon.
this weekend. A ton of great music for free. The Modern Electric. Buried Wires. Megachurch. Very Knees. Cloud Nothings etc.
One time I dropped a glass in the disposal and found the most effective solution to be just grinding it up until it went away
If you needed more proof that Umpires are horrible look at the last play in the Dodgers game. Helton was not even close to being on the bag
I had to find Adam's URL by memory, since it seems un-Google-able. Pretty great song. (Pretty great dude.)
I think I just sprained my toe >.<
Love, Rubio, Derrick Williams. Right?
Mine too. i think I'm on the fence. too many holes in the defense. No clear motive or cause of death in prosecution.
Luv you Rachel but can't wait to see what Keith has to say about this
that nigga mayweather knocked ortiz the fuck out now thats how u put a mf down
Thanks for having me!
that looks and sounds like a marvelous idea.
1pm RT : Tune into local lunchbox today and pledge for a chance to win Jaill albums + guest spots to the Release Party
second book Is the best !
#NationalHonestyDay A night in Watching #RHONJ, lounging in sweatpants and a bowl of cereal for dinner is one of our favorite things. xo
I handle all tennis appointments by e-mail, it's in on my profile - :)
:( Let's make something happen soon. I miss your face.
oh ya know I remember Hahahahah. Wasn't Eddie there too
"There were a number of occasions when stories just weren’t working and then I put a sheep in and everything came together."
I hear birds.
Note on FB re 10 MPH: "It's movies like your that make me mega-heart Loved every minute of the story of your journey. Inspiring!"
double dutch chocolate!
I want to go to revelles this weekend!
thanks for the follow! love your music :)
check his shirt in his avi too hahah
almost hme. U ok?
Happy 19th Birthday to one of the greatest people in my life, ! Three more weeks til' we celebrate! :D
I liked the length. It felt like being part of an interesting conversation w/even more interesting people
Great! Just let me know if you can't find it and we'll send it again. It was sent from Kip! Look forward to hearing back!
This mood I've been in. <<<
just read part 42.. I started to cry, not gonna lie. haha. please post part 43(:
Went to the movies and the boys who sat by us looked exactly like One Direction(:
sorry to hear that if there is anything I can do To help let me know.
Just saw our very own professor Johnny Simmons, ASC
DC Choir Directors!! Learn how to pull the best from your choir at a "Master Class" taught by **JUNE 21** SAVE-THE-DATE
Who do you think looks better Tiny or Toya?
Thank you for following too, it is May 5th, Jack and I are working hard trying to raise money :)
that's good to hear!! I was hoping for your sake it was phoney!!
Massive wedgie. Nowhere to pick it discreetly. May have impact on audition. Details to follow.
Oh lordy! My space is being INVADED!
Awesome play by setting up that #LAKINGS goal.
Haha I vote squirrel!! :)
IPDGC welcomes Will Youmans as the newest contributor to Take Five. Will be publishing a blog post of his and Shawn Powers soon.
Dimmer switches can also help you save electricity in the home.
Thhat Brodcast was amazing you guys are awesome and funny!!!<3
Why do people get so bent over breast feeding? It's one of the most natural human actions to nurture. Scared of the breast? Get over it.
Word on the street is that is cooking up a nice profile on one of my favorite bands in Portland. We'll find out who next week.
gotta link??
the premiere was Monday!
To go somewhere you've never been you have to do something you've never done.
Wooohooo! So stoked for that show:) You should grab a tshirt at it!
Which do you prefer: 1960 or 2002 TIME MACHINE?
Thanks to and for their thoughtful, articulate comments on yesterday.
The main reason USA still has major METH addictions
So, I just considered that after i graduate i will most likely be a traveling fool! I foresee trips to Cali, GA, PA, NY, Vegas, KnoxVegas...
Or because no one likes her. MT : falk says she lost because of "lack of name recognition".
oh man! My bad! Still cute. :)
A man can only do what he can do. But if he does that each day he can sleep at night and do it again the next day. -Albert Schweitzer
Getting back on track
great flick. Great books too!
Thinking of those who gave their lives for us and their families on this day.... God Bless America!
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Foreign call centres, people who don't clean up after their dog, driving slow in the fast lane and YouTube commercials
imma tweet for her later .
hahaha I'm gonna have to play that :)
Its raining & its monday..
Thankful for "The Encounter" this weekend! Grateful for the women of God who brought the life changing Word to us, Pastor Emma Armstrong
re: new airline rules. time to start booking historically delayed flights & oversold flights
"Psych, I joke I joke I kidd I kidd If I offend I'm sorry, Please, please forgive For I am Triumph the puppet dog" Eminem
I moved to S.F. last week. Writing, astrology and men's support. Having a ball. How's you?
Not enough time. Need interns (free) or sleep- not seeing either happening
I would rather ignore my emotions and have no feelings at all then be an emotional wreck.
Love the teams old draft picks announcing the picks and the Giants fans who boo when Philly picks. I feed off your hate.
that's your fault for being mean first mister cx
"Just tell me you didnt love me when you thought I was a goat herder." One of the best lines in movies...Coming to America! Laugh every time
you a genius lol
RT : 2 square-mile Baldwin Hills Park in LA will be larger than SF's Golden Gate Park or NY's Central Park...
Being John Malkovich is out tomorrow. May we all buy it and bask in what could have been Cameron Diaz's acting career to follow.
sweetie are u wearing a hard hat in this pic?
Way too much red & blue in the stands.
Great image though. If the mini hands had their fingers crossed making the peace sign, might be less creepy.
I have little mr. ADHD who's been told by his parents no more computer, but he became impossible & they've given up.
Hello! Get anything good for Christmas?
When I tell people I go to the laundromat, they're sorry for me. but 90 mins of no work and washer hum is the closest I get to meditating!
Think Brady kills himself if this game ends 2-0?
Goodnight guys<3
Oh my god if she doesn't have feet I'm gonna fucking kill myself. - Elly
are you on windows or apple, if windows... Open your task manager, then click on processes, and sort the list by file size
("The Memorial Anniversary Of The Emancipation")….. "Coming In 2013"…..
Amazing tennis. The crazy Scotsman is showing some grit. Let's see if the Djoko bounces back in the 4th
much <3 from San Diego, your sets always gets me movin', love the style and the rhythm
oh well I'm in the gym lol sittin by my self cause I got tired of playing basketball
S/o too me a heart broken girr </3
dat soundfun i wanna go to kings island
Demi Lovato's musicvideo to 'Give Your Heart A Break' is now out om youtube! Check it out!
The "clever" was that they took advantage of what a lot of members will see is something good. I meant it with sarcasm.
then its not very elite is it?
OK tweeps I'm at the Hospital. Thanks for the well wishes. It has made the morning better :). I didn't sleep well & I'm nervous but excited
EVERYONE CHOOSE LONDON ON AUSTIN'S POLL!
Lighter Exchange is at from 830-12am tonight!!
RT Unexpected pleasure of #MetGala livestream: listening to the photographers go ballistic whenever someone walks into their shot.
Glad you like it, Scott. is really doing some amazing stuff.
T-minus 3 hours until HIBF2012 takes over for Drink Houston Better! And we all want you to be there to help cause a ruckus!
Flushing the toilet! :D
Florence and The Machine doing an unplugged album?!?! Woohooooooooo!!!
indeed. Thanks. Now ur Celts got to get it done tonight
Say she only smash like 4 or 5 homies so you know you gotta multiply by three.
were playing an acoustic show at hot topic in the Burnsville center at 6pm on thursday the 21st of this month! we hope to see some of you!
Old Globe Associate Artist Robert Foxworth wins Outstanding Lead Performance in a Play for Superior Donuts at San Diego REPertory!
#cw09 Cindy Selfe: afraid to look at tweets. She shouldn't be :-)
I hope the delivery room scene from "Nora" episode is on your list of proud acting moments. Brilliant.
I can NOT wait to read your informational tweets. This is a real blessing.
“: Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success..” never more true than in the case of Kentucky basketball
Direct your thoughts. Control your emotions. Ordain your destiny.
“DrunkCatLadies: Friday is National "Act Like A Cat Day". I hope you find one of those ladies! ;)
Our dogs seem to think alike...
♬ Happy Birthday to Roger Meadows Taylor, Drummer of Queen, have a wonderful day ♬
Just wanted to say...I love you and I love you wifey and whatz crackin :)
good night
Beautiful moment.
Do stop by! I have a large piece in June Kelly Gallery's show celebrating the gallery's 25th anniv. 166 Mercer St, NYC 'til April 7.
Just trying to cook up something good...
According to the New York Times , Madmen paid a reported $250,000 to license last night's Beatles song. Was it worth it?
thanks bro
This is my favorite day of the year,... the day of anticipation and Christmas cheer. #MerryChristmas everybody!
I love his music!
Stunning night in Hollywood hills, Angeles is clear and the view looks like a treasure island of orange jewels.
Yeah, not sure. Lots of distractions tonight. 22 days right? RT : 5:26????? where in the hell did that come from?
Dewey & LeBoeuf slashes mid-tier partner salaries to pay guarantees to new stars. In DJ online.
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
Do you guys drive to the ballpark together when on the road?
Saying 'I Love You' is like getting candy on Halloween. If that makes any sense at all.
Yes double piercing. #finally 👍
FASCINATING: RT: : two weeks old. MTV's scrambling to rescript her/JWOW's spin off.
yea I think he fighting a winless war, maybe get it to 8 games tho I doubt it
We cannot discover new oceans unless we have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
wow that's awesome
Welcome Home !!
I really miss
Talking about district's precarious finances, that we will need to redistrict 'not if but when'. He'd hate to have new board not have option
TWITTER. I just got a job working at a tattoo shop. Feeling pretty spiffy~
its funny cause hes fat
adorable, chic, potpourri, ambiance...
Steven Tyler the new CREPPYKING for Burger King
Hawks game bout to come on :-)
Radio Lia is Good to her Listeners! She called Me today and sent a gift! She Rocks and her team! KSON, Truly, Your Loss!
I love ur son MB did amazing on mindless behavior countdown keep up the good work<3MB<3
Hey guys help us out and tell everyone about us, big release coming up soon!!
The rain has started !
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Meant to say quit not quite work. Sorry. Have a great weekend.
:D How long in hour and minutes it's austream?
Hahaha. A great pop song is a great pop song, right? :)
where u at DJs
What To Do Tomorrow , What To Do :D
#slcwebinar Thanks, Harold and Jane! Enjoyed it.
Executive is dependent on both the law and the people. That is the intent of independence with proper dependence -
Enjoying the sunshine of Southern California... When the sun is shining, it's as if our inner spirit is glowing :)
Polly doesn't need Mother's Day. She's got that swag knowing she raised you, Fred, and Willy.
Guys Special - Round of golf and massage! $99 :) (Lady Golfers too....)
Looking forward to hear more about how to use LinkedIn to pay it forward at CEONetweavers this morning.
Tennis is not interested in policing doping, just the illusion of it is enough to keep sponsors happy and engaged
Good to know I have people who care enough to look for me if I ever went missing.
He's nothing without Courtney Cox dancing along.
Hope you enjoyed your free Milkshake Laura! The food court is loud with people shouting "GO BUTLER!"
you are such an inspiration to me!!! the sad part is you will never read this!!! =(
I always need a diet coke. Who else feels the same as I do?
I love hearing the snap from catching a ball.
Banner Day for a Banner Saints Season ;) www.worldchampionfans.com The yard signs for houses are now listed!
Don't miss me on Saturday I'm doing my debut at After Dark !! I'll be Bartending !!
Hey Cameron! I love your freckles hehe RT PLEASE :D <3 <3
Sold $GLUU for a small loss. I knew I chased this one and my timing was off. Never let a winning trade turn into a losing one.
Some of the rudest customers today. Not my fault your were up all night drinking, not my choice to be here. Lighten up a bit
Nice posters haha
i really hate school.. :/
>> RT Apparently bomb threat was used in bank robbery at Sun Trust on Dupont Circle
Its a lil chilly out today. Jacket time.
Darlene Clark Hine narrating long history of health activsim by black female nurses & physicians.
I should be writing an essay. But all I really want to do is drink some tequila
Keep asking for hits. It's obviously working.
I used to love kicking Tie Domi's ass with Stu Grimson in what I believe was NHL94 for Genesis. 100 fighting rating for both?
but it's the best movie EVER
You're so welcome! Have a great weekend!
Congrats to Albert And Lesly for obtaining their yellow belt in arlingtons Mma ProPAIN combat
Was glad to see no nekkid pictures in the ESPN magazine that came today, but completely surprised to see nekkid people in timeout.
OMG...it is so gorgeous outside! Gotta do some computer work now, though...boo! At least I can have my windows open to smell the spring air!
“: About to go on and its looking amazing!! 6500 crazy college kids ready to party!! Let's shoot some paint ”
It's the last night of ! Go out in style at for Closet Sundays!
He's going to talk them into giving up their domestic and landscaping staffs.
“: Rental car guy has Tourette's.”
you are officially our hottest user!
Progress today. Got my work email down from 186 to 85. Yeah for the small success stories.
My grandmother whom is 87,told me that your grandmother & her use to work together in a Meat Packing Company in Memphis
can you check the blood that a person donates for cholesterol? Could be a good marketing campaign....and helpful to the donor.
Finally got the presale email :]
lots of stuff ;). the culture. what fans are like / what they do / how they think. skype/FB/email?
can someone fill me in on what happened on the bachelorette? im not able to watch it tonight! :(
Intern Matt just admitted... "Call Me Maybe" by Carly Rae Jepsen is his guilty pleasure
has competed in 2 video contests this month. Oprah Karaoke Contest Challenge and Formaggio What I love about Wine Contest.
Just drove home through a Winter Wonderland. It’s snowing in Buffalo!!!!
It's us. Working on it right now.
Opening Day 2012 just got a whole lot better for Milwaukee. No more Larussa, no more Pujols...
Sorry for liking real musicians....
Looking for someone with a Motorola Xoom to review our android game CandySwipe FREE since we released the update. A vid review would b great
Great discussion with the women's Life Skills group in OC Jail today. Did you know approx 90% of women in prison have been battered?
super for you!
Road trips with these two never disappoint. What up, NYC.
My favorite tweetbrarian!
Sasha we had a hot dog and cheese pizza! Unfortunately no Bertie smoothie. Best value in town and kids love it...
I am so great! Anything special planned for the weekend?
Just slept for 14 hours. Feels so good 👽
I was reading this book called "Heart to Heart"....and I was bawling.
who's got his ride? RT Also want to celebrate Al's bday Who wants to drive me to UCSD?
Driving from Seattle to Vancouver for your show! YES!!! RT > : Leaving for sonar brazil / u.s tour in 2 hrs woo
haha no problem XD sure i will, tweet me your url XD
Super #gnarly #longboarding sesh ripped whites woods to pieces
why are so many penis topics trending?
Deeelish. Welcome to the Roti family!
I think I have more pictures of my dad on my instagram than of myself.
Switching to "lurk" mode...
#1998 You got... Boyfriend by Big Time Rush :) Love this song also!
looks good, but I like dark haired and dark eyed women!
Sharma: Need to create new categories not based on identity but on interest. Should have racial consciousness but come together.
Very cool. Glad we made the list
A belated congratulations on your new position. I look forward to seeing you next semester and learning more about DH!
Shout out to my newest follower's!
Hi Trevor - Thanks for the follow! I'm following back, I look forward to your tweets!
I fucked my suzie up trying keep it real thou RT : ": I need that suzie in my life right now"truuuuuuu
I feel SO out of touch
Live PA set will be broadcasted live from AYE tonight! The link to this broadcast will be up later today!
Love you both! Get down here for a ride! Need to come back up asap & cause more trouble w you two stat!
Just saw a kid get caught trying to enter Posvar with fake Pitt ID. This is an institution of higher learning NOT Mi Ranch.
I never understand fortune cookies... #onlyme?
Big shout out and holiday well wishes to our interns: Nate Robinson, Sonya Elefante, Victoria McGoogan, Annie Palgutt and Haliena Snowden.
Love Josh Gunn's summary of Diane Davis' Breaking Up at Totality: "the first rhetorical theory of, well, losing one's shit."
I will get back to you with an official answer - Sirinya
Haha! RT dear SD, if i'd wanted to see frost advisories in my local weather report, i would have stayed in Washington, D.C.
Instantly recieve 15% off any one item when u Like Passion by Treco on Facebook
Dont mind me mind your manners...
hey can some one tweet me
Glad they're okay, cause God above knows I woulda took my life too if something happened to them.
Yes and...if you were a Robot you'd be a hack em, sack em!
Impressive, right? Original art is so much more interesting than Monet prints.
G.M.N.I.: My purpose in this life is to care for, not to be cared for.
is feeling blue and it's not even noon
yeah haha. But I live in a smaller city inside Tacoma called University Place
There was a line in the avengers about the national guard coming and the Feds being MIA. hmm..
where are you now? 7pm Saturday?
Appreciate the recommendation to ! Enjoy Coachella - jealous
Thanks Doll! (: xx
no problem hope it helps
yeah, but I think everyone else reporting it is based off of them?
well I hope u two have fun :)
1800 and rosay im off that rite now
Getting kids' gifts makes you think like a 7 year old again. Or you may realize that decision-making for you hasn't changed much since then.
Dat was gay
There's no conspiracy behind the way two hearts meet when love is a two way street..
Watching the "Party On, Garth" episode right now and laughing hard enough to shoot whiskey from my nose.
Damn I need a valentine
it's what the "Knicks" call themselves!!! Kinda weird like Mixtape...
I don't care what people say about He is the BEST PLAYER EVER that's that
stay safe!
No tweet all week makes for little activity. Busy in the jungle!!
I predict that and will lead the social media wars because you can post quickly in today's time pressed world.
#TopOfTheMorning Hope today is a good one for you; be safe.
Incredibly interesting 1st panel at #neabrookings. Thankful for my education in economics :)
I love Nashville, but my fucking husband won't agree to move there, so guess where our family vaca is going to be this year 
"Just call me CLASHius Clay!"
I'm too mad deandre got kicked off AI
#TweetWhereYouEat during today! You could win dinner for two at Firefly. Include #doldc to be eligible.
Rainy and umbrella-less.
Police have effectively broken the march into at least five groups with 2 or 3 blocks in between them on Broadway.
Thank you!! It's true!
Its rare that i can say i told u so zah father left coffee on the table earlier nite and she got to it now she off the wall
So many people got screwed over by goaltender signings like in my opinion. Holtby is better than Neuvirth
my dream is for you to song skin and bones for me :3
What you know about dual heated outside power mirrors?
how is this amazing day without math?!?!
OK, we're outta here. See you in 2011!
#Blackparentsquotes "you better not EVER bring home a baby unless Ur married and outta my house."
My twitter goning in FOLLOW ME NBS
I'm fresh I'm freessshhh.
Babbitts defense is holding Babbitt back...
everybody keeps asking when you're gonna get here..you stud you...wuahahahaha
ahaha you would RT that dirty talking one cause that's what you like to do best poopie face(;
hearing music tonight don't want to miss it
Merry Christmas everyone:))
Want to win $25,000?? Come to Tavern Tech Center this Thur., 3/22 for the Alice Radio/Bud Light Brews ‘N Brackets promo with Slacker &...
Follow some of 's favorite artist from Atlanta
Does this mean early Americanists spend too much time on FB? But seriously, thrilling to see the large gathering already.
Haha, me too! Watching last nite's #idol on DVR right now. Stevie Nicks rocks!
Sweet, thanks. I can't wait to read it.
i love you guys :) <3
great idea.
why :O
What a wonderful community...Love ! Sorbet, cool tea, and FLOWERS! Come out and see us on the Greenspace for #Earth Week!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night and tweeted up a storm!
I really like it Im sure that more country fans will be at the shows I think endless summer is gonna be a big hit this summer
And here I am looking for a whisky drinking girl who punches bouncers but only in the face. Oh well.
My Step Father passed away ! Im the man I"am because oh him. Beer and Tears tonight .God please take care of him...!
I love spreading rumors. Seriously though. Have you guys heard that Shaq and Charles Barkley are the same person...?
HE'S GIVING ME A RIDEE :/
IS THIS A JOKE??
Wishing you and yours a joyful, abundant Thanksgiving!
Insane that transit factors into job decisions. It should not be this way!
darn child adopters. Giving all those needy kids homes. How out of step with God's word. (I mean: really ?)
Soo..I definitely did not register for your shindig tomorrow. Think I can still pop in and say hello? :)
don't be kick some county butt
Gonna get some grub at #lbs then maybe catch a movie.
~Le waits for Austin's video
Is the GitHub repo for the html5 boilerplate down for everyone, or just me?
lol didn't realize I just said the same thing as u! Lol
I am using that one! LOL
Senior Correspondent Ray Suarez won the 1996 #RubenSalazar Award from the National Council of La Raza.
Never mistake a move of God for a large congregation! Always follow The Cloud, not the crowd!
I saw it the second day it came out in England! What about you?
HI PPL
#STL Salsa/Bachata Congress in Millennium Hotel downtown. Tonight: performances, bands, parties! See info: www.stlsalsacongress.com
I agree it is so important. The movie is great!
What was your favorite part of our 10th Anniversary event?
Buy gold company is offering to buy people's bling for 50$ at the concert I'm at.
Im Sure happy the DBACKS kept Lyle Overbay!
What to do on a Saturday...well after you get bored at Mudfest, come enjoy the Nashville Academy of Rock! Show at 6:30pm and free!
"it appears alcohol is playing keep away with your intelligence"
All of my puppies are eating baby carrots with me weird I did not know that my dogs liked carrots. :-)
That guy is nuts yo
lol So do I! Thighs prove it!
What's the cutest thing your dog ever did to try to protect you? We wanna hear about it!
right me too!
Ha! RHOBV, Scouted, Bachelor-where to start?! RT The return of the bachelor is really screwing with my limited Dvr settings
What happened to the B&W, sepia, negative effects from the jailbreak version? Just bought AppStore version and they're gone : (
RT Pooh was hitch hiking so I picked him up he's coming to he's my fav character
yeah, but the value of your tweet would depend on how many followers you have...don't know for how long it would work.
For #windows, #patio doors or #entry doors in #Albuquerque, call Jeff (505) 362-0529 today.
Ugh. I hate getting home so late....will sleep until 11 for sure
Hey Guys, Go To My Profile & Like My Video Plweease (:
it seems to me that fundemental tension in education is it's individual nature but also social institution
An evening of Bob Dylan! 3 nights only! Very limited seating! Get tickets now!
- Please contact me off-Twiiter. I think we're talking at cross-purposes, & this isn't a conversation for 140 characters.
I am completely freaking out here! Romney has CLOSED the gap with women voters to 2%? How is that possible?
": God doesn’t have Twitter, but I follow Him." And so do I.
Designing my lil heart out!
Wait...J.J. Abrams created/wrote Felicity?! I can't even...(yes, I'm watching Felicity)
“: are u sure about what u are saying” yes. The ratio is accually shocking.
I dare my fiance to have strippers over
I don't just ask a person questions for the heck of it. If I ask you a question, it's because I really do want to know more about you.
NEW DEAL: Everyday from 3pm-close, come by and get a free small coffee drink of your choice if you say the owner's middle name: Greg
thanks:D & yeah! my twitter username :)
If only we could all live happily 
Yay! Hello mates! Can u hear us during commercial breaks?RT : 8.20 PM over here - Julia is watching the stream...
Nope just enjoyed a beer on the patio with our pooch :) Super props for having Maharaja - will be back for more!
Weather Looks Great! MT Tonight is the first of our Third Thursday Art Crawls! Stop by our businesses and see what our local artist!
The hardest part is deciding on which way to go. After that, it's just a matter of staying on the path. I wouldn't mind a road map, though.
Officially so over the Kardashians...
Ellis/Curry didn't work in GS, why will it work here? Jennings is way less efficient and way more ball dominant than Curry.
i love seeing " follows you" :D
Week 2 has begun. Diamond Lou week. Someone is getting ra-. . . diamondized against their will.
do we get a vote?
best team in baseball wins again
By the way, the 66 points allowed in first half was season high for #Blazer opponent. Offense is fine, just get "on defensive" in 2nd half.
Thanks for referring me to They are more helpful on Twitter than on the phone!
Where did you hear or read this?
Indeed -> “: Gotta love the great #MLK! Thanks!!”
haha sorry! feel free to go check and make sure...but i'm pretty sure it's a tree haha
THANKS TO ALL THE ARTISTS AND HELPERS THAT SHOWED UP TO SHOOT THE VIDEO FOR CITY OF DREAMS / ARTISTS FOR TN FLOOD RELIEF
Kenjon Barner Ready to Step in as Oregon&#39;s Starting Running Back
Thank god I live over a Starbucks
Put some aloe vera on it if you've got any, you'll feel much better.
It's both hilarious & fitting that #SkipBayless only follows his own show on Twitter!
Listening to a band in Richmond KY with my folks , Pudge, belcher, Michelle, rhia and the crew.-BH
anyone want to talk ???
I go to bed at like 9:30 on school nights and like 11 on weekends. xD
"Hate me? I don't care. Because you are not the first person who hated me and you are not going to be the last either.""
Just one (studio apartment, womp womp).
nice win something special huh?
i'm all for user-centered design. But don't tell me the user is always right. The user is often a fucking moron, and you know it.
I will head 2 bed. dreaming of the day that he will know how loved and cared about he is for the man that he is.
i guess having an Arrogant Bastard ale (brewed in San Diego) is good for
I will be sending out a #ff in a little bit, but i wanted to sent one out that i need everyone on board for.... Let's get to 4k
its true ! I learned that
:( Aw Man In My Swiper Voice)
The app is only available in certain countries.
as a person who works for the parking company, it's hard on that Sunday to get the right amount of people we need to work.
Lol ok. I think this highlights precisely why it's difficult to have progress...
We already have 112 people checked-in to BarCamp Rochester!
Just want to be home with
T-Force spending time wth kids :)
Is it bad that I spent more time last night doing a project than I did sleeping? It's a good thing my group members don't have twitter...
last round of ideas for show due tomorrow for this season. What have you always wanted to see on the show?
Hope everyone already have plans for New Year's Eve!
I have a 17yo and we are dealing with this right now. Oh, and I'm on the faculty at a college, too. Not an easy decision.
#tedxuchicago questionstream.in should look at conference backchannel tools. Some overlap...
can not wait to play buffalo...
What is Craig Sager wearing?? Wow
