S/O to Happy Birthday ! Imma havin a blast !
yes, there is the autograph session at 11 and the Cougar Kids Zone that will be up the entire day
Wow. That's awesome. Thanks for the heads up.
hey! How goes things?
The pancakes or the guy?
“: I bet you Kanye has no idea what the score is right now” Only score Ye cares about is Kanye - 1 Kris Humphries - 0
Don't COMMIT to anything you don't LOVE...
Pasco Pop Quiz Friday coming up at 12pm. First person to answer each question will get a Shoutout and #FF from ! Please RT!
it worked ;)
Yes, he's not even white but they like to call him white because it makes the story sound better
Neva Wuz A Person Dat Wanted 2 B N Spotlight....Rather Lay Low Under Da Radar!!
Big shout-out to our tweeting professors: [Who'd I miss?]
i hear you!!
Great to hear that!
Thanks but what news do you have of ?! He was probably long gone when I finished.
i followed you all back #teamfollowback!!!
Researching #scholarships and job opps for our girls. Did you know that In 2011 Americans owed $1 trillion in student loans?
luck is just a couple points?? 29 is a blowout
Looking for earphones to use when running that won't fall out. Any suggestions?
Dying for a cig at the moment about to go fucking crazy if my mom doesn't stfu
yes, and yes, and yes, and yes. :D
yo what's up?
I havn't either! *books kayak trip to LA*
www.Mulligan3.com is the best site for sites lol love em!
There's no fashionably late in screenwriting. Making deadlines is an absolute necessity.
so that you will possibly be prompted to follow back :)
In washington state you either have rain our pollen on you car... at all times
Hope Tony Iommi turns out OK.
Our development team is working on a number of fun Facebook contests and giveaways, stay tuned....
a lawn? Or hay waiting to be harvested?
It's seriously annoying! Unless I get them through overdrive, I actually PAY for these things. They should be proofed.
Tough loss for Lake Catholic - great season nonetheless / congrats to the Cougars
True friends don't try to control you, they help you to be what God wants you to be no matter what that may be.
Fuck, you're such an anarchist with your tattoo. Why are you here?! Shouldn't you be causing chaos or something?
Publish it. So is your irrefutable position that #Storyline is or is not a power tool? If so, why? If not, what's...
On Wednesday, President Barack H. Obama said that he believes and supports same sex marriages in the U.S.
.. Time for a trip to Chicago..thoughts on a date? #dontyouwishAndrewGoodusedtwitter?
You have an Android phone? Looks like your lucky day then! :)
I'm going to be in Michigan but we could do it next week/weekend
Time for bed. Goodnight twitter. :)
Good fun to see animal themed headsets in children's area at Pinney branch of our local #library system
ACTUAL ALERT: An earthquake happened tonight 524 mi away in NorCal. Also in Fiji.
Follow me, I follow backk(:
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction ~ John F Kennedy
In LA until next thursday then I fly to Miami get back to Ny on monday so that's sun fun and work my favorite 3 combinations join the club
"Some people strip, some people write."
Just started...she was hired one week prior to the school year starting so very little time to prep. Hoping it will get easier.
RT : “I didn't understand the math, so the teacher summed it up for me.”
If you buy me some redbull I'll love you forever. No, really.
Brian Dozier has higher batting average and more home runs than Bryce Harper.
makes me even more proud to be a part of the Trojan family! That amazing talent made Cato an unforgettable character!
Kristen, I am SO excited! I wish I rushed last year so I could have been with you-hope everything is going well! :)
Tirra Lirrra: Pink Live Forever jackets were just proofed. inserts done. digital downloads prepared.
Aw-my-god. Made everyone's day at the office as well.
I really don't know its out of the no where I can't control it
": Life has no remote... Get up and change it yourself!!"<<<---------Now isn't that the truth!
nah i wouldnt, but ppl talk about how pretty she is and i just do not see it. and she is a horrible human being lol
Any metal band that needs to hang on Justin Beibers coattails for notoriety should just call it quits.
yes, love the food here. Missing you though - that was a fun night :-)
ill post some pics up 4 ya my brutha
This just in: If the Lakers win tonight, will chop his hair off! Go Kobe! (just for tonight)
Yo Russian peeps, Indian people are coming after your "Know how to party" Crown. Serious awesome fun at this wedding.
People like you are the reason why we have middle fingers
I'm stuck in a rut anyone have any song ideas to write about like a topic
I think you'd be good at it
Who has most influenced your perspective of the arts?
Can't wait to see fashion next week on
Seriously, does anyone know the secret to opening an old stubborn can of ink ? I always feel like I'm gonna bleed all over the studio.
I'm going to miss it :( noooooioioi
I hate thunder.. So much.
red hurrr don't cur
thanks for the RT! Happy with Ingram?
Dale.. C'mon man.. Shouldn't of been walking around the farm by yourself at night.. Lol
Don't say "I wish" but, rather, "I will. Daisaku Ikeda--"Change your determination, things move in the direction you wish."
Thank you and happy new year ! rockin reverb artist :-)
so sick of pao.
Grew up on Clark's #NYE broadcasts, last of his kind.
I know I don't have a beard in my profile pic. Trust me. I have one. What I don't have is a painless way to take a new pic
Thank God for grandma!
Weather is great for walks along the river this weekend. Our agents are ready to plan your trip 360.696.0411 Take 30% off. Expires 9.26.10
Everyone is pumped for Backbeat Magazine's Feb Release (AAAhhhh) Party happening @ The Korova Bar, Saturday Feb 6th $5, Basement Show!?!?!
#Whatsbeautiful doing something for someone without expecting anything back
#BEATLA - Giants ready to beat up Dodgers. Get your SF > LA shirt now @ www.WeBeGreater.com. Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
Now watching "Bloodline"
Insane people are always sure that they are fine. It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy.
Music is what feelings sound like.
what are y'all talkin about? Lol daughter?
no problem :D you should check out our music!
:: great piece. my story's set in the now but also 5y prior; I butt up against how communication should look, then v now.
:Watched Criminal Minds! Bates Motel! Dark! Great! Loved it!
Who gonna win the championship? Lakers all day.
Alice just got a unicorn webkin. Named it Acorn. Weird!
I promise we're not all ignorant bigots! I'm ashamed of my state tonight
Hello World!
This show is doin too much
Union people are welfare fucks. So glad everybody understands how welfare works.
Grandma is in the hospital was hanging out with her
uummm...good morning
Lol or they get stuck in the rainforest... FOLLOW THE DANG RIVER YOU NUTS. lol
please follow me if you agree with the couple of Caitlin and Justin ♥
Man...this first quarter has been so dull and boring...
It's Friday! What kind of sexy plans do you have... Romantic dinner, bedroom fun, wild parties, or cooking in lingerie?
Shot a sexy new set with model/muse Liz La Point this weekend!
Colorado Springs has the largest #dickssportinggoods I've ever seen!!!
really? Congrats. Why didn't u tell me yet :) “: me too... cuz thats my Boyfriend... :)”
Happy birthday :)
Happy 2 year anniversary of being back in #ABQ to us! To celebrate, stop by either of our locations and receive a #free doughnut of choice!
Called twice in 24 hours for a leak. Kind of amazing and refreshing how nice and responsive everyone has been.
Haaaha RT : After Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says W T F.
rt on Natoma Street.She said to him,"I loved you, but you didn't love me back. He:"I love everybody."She:"I don't."
just a tad too rad...
Funny. RT Day 3 without a CEO at Bulb HQ. It's getting a little Lord of the Flies in here. needs to hurry back!
Are you going to say goodbye? I really don't want to hear it.
he also sent me a picture of u idk why
lol I hope he will like you soon ☺
I feel like such a douche. Don't mean to but I have been the past 2 days.
Great minds think alike
I know...Wanda? Bahaha nope. Well brainstorm and let me know :)
Clear lesson from Fukushima is crowding reactors makes multiple reactor accidents more likely-more difficult to fight consequences accident
I think it is Hysterical that the Mighty #LAKERS Got Their Asses WHOOPED!
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. Abraham Lincoln
maybe I spoke/tweeted to soon. It was 62 today...rain on the way though!
cause junk food, pollution and technology didn't exist back then :)
who are you?
E it's happening! Timeline for brands. I'm psyched b/c La Costa has some incredible history. Bring on another SM project!
sleep forever
Meet VW&#39;s secret weapon
sweet! Mention me in it so I can be sure I see it! lol :)
Love how you spelled Lay Mizz.
#daily!! “: #OneQuickQuestion Do you have nail polish ADD? How often do you crave a color change?”
Those that will stay in the country beyond the six month term may face Honduras deportation action
If we strive, if we work, if we try, to the best of ourselves, then we are in the line of our duty.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ARE YOU SERIOUS?!? WHY WOULDN'T I CHOOSE JOSH, JEN, AND XANDER?!?
though do think the last song on the show "out of sight, out of mind" was trying to gesture.
“: Happiness is a form of courage. #realtalk”
thank you for making me remember I had a twitter acount.
So what do people actually DO on Friday nights?
I can't stop thinking about this #quote: "Enjoy the little things in life. For someday, you will realize that they were the big things."
Woke up early fretting re: today's wedding.Fell back asleep around 8,only to be roused at 8:10 by yet another phone call from bride.
invisaline (sp?) as good as braces?
just reading my book..(: you?
When you realize you got distracted like a whole hour ago.
Have you refollowed us ? This is our old account and we don't use this anymore!
Thank you for the support. Also, thank YOU for your work for our communities.
serve them up !!
truth to the fullest, lost two hommies recently drinking and driving. put the keys down and call the cab
Feel like a retarded Phoenix. Make of that what you will.
"As one person , I cannot change the world, but I can change the world of one person."~Paul Shane Spear
Without "ME" today is just AWESO!!
RT "Helicopters circling uptown #charlotte"?? news cameras, my guess; can see BOA protestors clogging 5th & College
What's the secret to success? up up down down left right left right b a start
I like it, too! May offer interest group/workshop for faculty on organizing info world. Conf-Twitter analogy will help. Thx
Late night drives nc was awesome but driving at 1 in the morning sucks Someone keep me awake !
you and me both
there are projects here, not burning trashcan projects, but they exist.
Why is Rick Perry still in the debates???
music done.Gonna send in music to labels very soon.
I tell my haters, #GSY ... Yeah, I'm a boy & a huge fan of .. Haters don't know what they are missing! #realmusic :)
2014 6'7 Malik Pope picks up seven offers over the weekend in Vegas
After a contentious convo with my significant other who is a Gen Xer about what is the point of #twitter I'm looking at it differently today
Probably another 10-20 pages. I doubt I can Skype. I have to finish the thesis by Tues and I have my phone interview tomorrow!
This weak ass WiFi signal at work :-/
Drop by our Varsity Bar above AP on the drag tonight starting at 6pm for live music from Jansen Hawkins, &
naw who set it up
RT Yes, the talent vortex has swallowed Congrats to both, and good luck to
#warchest that's what I want to hear! I'm putting in 150 in three days!
Dammit make the free throws
“: If ur going to hit pedroiphile fucking hit him in the face Ayala”yes please
yo when u can email me the RED LIGHT joint bro
Many exmpls of Ext effrts in devlping cntries - but how do we also balance with decreasing $ supprt from all sources?
If your boyfriend/fiancee/husband leaves u after a medical problem or a bad accident, he lied about loving you. smh
Did you enjoy the from #City Tavern or are you saving for a patriotic occasion?
not as sexy as duck lips!!!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Welcome back heard you did well nice articles about you your the man
thanks man and god willing
im trying to even out a bit- ride the highs and lows with less swing ;) but yes V. Excited :D
right! and the idea of your own personal tactile copy, delivered to your door. so special.
the one and only baby ;) I have so many great pictures
@/blondesouthgaga is sleeping so dont tweet her!! I wonder what she's dreaming about...
lol. it okay four more days to go. ITS THE FINAL COUNTDOWN!!!!! lmao
Good or bad...I just replace my fav songs that I only had on vinyl [Still no turntable] I'll never be as cool as :(
What time is it,where you are?
Got dem Pearls
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.
we DO try to focus on others, but frm time to time, looking at our relationship to Christ is so so important
Wow Allen fouled out. Lol hahah
internet is my ~life ~line~
studying for my history exam :( I think this exam is going to kick my ass tomorrow
Read about rescuing a woman from a house fire, then watched 's TedxTeen talk.Tomorrow I'll do something awesome,world.
I never planned on you changing your mind;
hey taylor follow meeh
Sell ur band's music exclusively on vinyl but in some of the packages, instead of a record it's a thin-crust pizza!
Love the #Yankees but they are worst spammers on earth. No way to unsubscribe. #CanSpamAct. Make it stop.
You will just have to wait and hear about it tomorrow
Baby you deserve the best.
We’re excited to be at Wisconsin DECA’s Chapter Officer Workshop for 2011!
Tweetdeck and wsj apps are fighting. There is a war in my phone
Well guys im back with so go like our band page!! facebook.com/forgettinglydia
I want to play Space Invaders on it.
Trust me, you just wouldn't understand.
FANTASTIC website, ! SO excited you followed me so I can follow you, too.
Good morning beautiful people<3 Have a great day!(: SMOOCHES:*
S/o to ! For fucking with tight music ! :)
(Oh goodie, a retweeting of my typo.) Thinking we should draft drivewayless uptowners for shoveling duty in modest suburbs.
Ugh is all I can say. How are you feeling?
anelka is in china....“: Who the hell said Drogba is in China???????”
Can't wait to go to the studio and get my cd recordedd! OHH YEEAH!
What in the hell is the point of buying me a Nook, an e-reader, if you aren't gunna let me get books on it to read? I mean, what the fuck?!
so did anyone actually read brave new world cause that's a negative on my part...
Watching "Final Destination 3" This is one of the reasons why im afraid of rollercoasters
From now on ima be my own bestfriend .
Good morning, gorgeous! How are you, this lovely morning? :D
You'll dig it as I have dug it!
Maguire U still has rooms available, 3 steps to Bourbon ... contact
I miss you.
Rain, rain go away...Don't comeback 'til I'm out of the state on tour.
What is it? I'll look into it!
Thankful for all of the progress AHA has made over the years!
LIFES A FREAKY BITCH, SHE'L EAT U ALIVE!!
Word on the street is that we may get some iPads here specifically for us to bring to conferences!
Stripping is a vestige of the animal mating dance
Believe in your self! That's the best gift you can give to you
Wow. 75mph winds in #ABQ. Dust storm of major proportions.
is saying Happy Founder's Day to all of her Que-Teeful sorors of Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc.!!!
you should come! i think your like amazing! :)))) lol.
*raises hand* I'm someone's wife. RT : doing my part in the war on marriage by sleeping with all of your wives
It's almost 5 o'clock somewhere. For #Mobbies tweeps, that means at least two things.
A black keyboard does not show dirt but is susceptible to smudges
re: FYI. Don't click that link. But it was going to tell me how to make money ;-)
you hacker. If you don't like the twitter.com interface, try #TwitterFox addon for FF.
The day the Lady died: Farewell, Adrienne Rich. Greatest American political poet since Walt Whitman.
and cried with them
REAL NIGGA'S I NO.. GO SHIT GOT A LIL REAL FOR A NIGGA..SHIT SILL ON GO..A,O,G
Dinner & drinks for Marquette's Counselor Dinner..yes please! What a great night! :-)
Your Welcome, Im Pretty Shure Youll Pass, I Promice :)
How many Texts would ya say you send a month? Daily?
Excellent analysis although post primaries, once the fight for the center starts, racial rhetoric should become less overt.
I'm going to dunk on one of them sorry ass staff members
Chasing gold like the Lannister's but with better morality.
please follow me i follow back!!
and I joined a different type of dirty hands club, even less proud of this one
i love you please follow me
ED CIO Danny Harris three word challenge to Software Developers: BUILD IT IN!
Very true. Can you imagine nursing that double mouth?? :D
11pm on a saturday night and I'm getting my butt kicked by a sermon from an 18 year old kid....
don't we all!
Aka get an empty egg carton. RT : favorite line from this month's Martha: "Before you start dying Easter eggs, make a drying rack."
I'm just waiting for a yes.
Chips. Higher fried to pickle ratio.
Somewhere my guy is shedding a tear of joy that the Clippers will move on. And another tear knowing the Spurs are up next.
I allwaaays swallow.How big is ur cock?
'Father 4give me 4 I have sinned' 'what r ur sins child' 'I 4got to scan my endives @ the self checkout' 'don't worry-no1 eats those'
Even better... tune in to see in a tux with tennis shoes. Classic Perk.
good mate! Happy New Year!
Lol n when I text him about it......(big surprise) no response smdh
So happy for Hillary Duff she is going to be a great mother! #MuchLove ♥
“Perhaps it is good to have a beautiful mind, but an even greater gift is to discover a beautiful heart.”
Thanks for the follow, can't wait to check out your boutique!
If the Spurs and thunder play each other it will be a good series though.
Avril Lavigne turns 27 today. Did you know she co-wrote Kelly Clarkson's Breakaway?
Home from a great workout ! Now it's bed timez! Night everyone! God bless!
seelan yur the best i luv yuh it will mean the whole world to if yuh follow me plz big fan make my dream come true
I thought after his statement about not going to the WWE HOF event that he was serious about getting clean and sober but wrong
"One" remix destroying London right now.
2011.09.21 #Cubs 7 #Brewers 1 | Don't worry Crew fans / the team threw this one away / for Miller Park clinch
My prayers are with Nick Collins
I need to go to Aruba. Who will come along?
I know right!? Smh... People these days!!
where have you been killer?
Blasting before 9am. Now I'm awake.
I know I say I don't tweet about us, but thanks for making me smile when I needed it. Love you.
ok thanks :)
My book A Darker Side of Things is available at Industrial Grind Coffeehouse in San Diego!! They have the best mochas here in Cali!!
RT "Great event! Thanks for hosting Can't wait to come back & visit!" (We had a blast last night!)
I know I need to be sleep smh lol
Doc groups up at mics during public comments now to tell MedPAC they are really mad about their permanent "doc fix."
As a result, you've lost you're license to bitch about Randy Wolf.
no idea! Spill was there when I got on. Two blocks later, we were told to exit.
Damn .... That killed me right there fuuuuck .
Thank you for making this amazing program possible!
Size doesn't matter to females they just like thier insides fuck'd up!!
Q: What do foreplay the main event & a happy ending have in common? A: They're all special a la carte dishes available on #ValentinesDay !
No days off
: It can't be as rewarding as the annual City Heights Slide Show.
it sucks :( but thanks! You too :)
now Tomoaki Morikawa (Brown grad student) on melancholic withdrawal in daniel libeskind's architecture
Buckley's, "Buzzin Fly" makes me lighter than air!
Haha, site's a WIP right now. Easiest place to find 'em is just scroll down the Blog section.
Can't wait for tonight!
Thank You Brother
Even tho it kinda creeps me out.
Ketadiablo, thank you so much for mentioning me. I so APPRECIATE it. Bless your kind heart!
We're sure that's next! lol
The plot of "Underworld 3D" could not look worse. Then again it's Kate Beckinsale in a catwoman outfit for two hours.
Great Bridal shower for our lovely cousin Dana today! Our house is most beautiful when its full of ppl!
Good design can't fix broken business models. ~Jeffrey Veen
ha! I'm in
moving there?
our eager and willing crew should be, thanks. Bring your friends.
wow....i hav many pics to change my twitcon too but..im really like the one i am using.lol
Love you so much .... my dream is that i have the opportunitty to meet you Alex
Hey guys, If you're interested in web marketing, Twitter and social media news, follow me on my "channel"
today feels like one of my favorite songs: everything in its right place
we shall be in Poznan again!
So happy I'm staying home watching old ro coms and eating Ben&Jerrys
One week and one hour! Get your Tix! #TickTock RT : We're 1 WEEK away from MD CRAFT BEER FEST!
ah, man . Same here. I just think your rude to me!
love having my days off during the weekdays. less crowds to the places i go to unwind and shop.
Steak tacos. YES!
I seriously can't wait for warped tour. July 31st needs to hurry
Why am I so tired?
Jonah? He has a cool response in the Guardian just out to a negative review..he does a good job, makes me want the book.
Fack!!! Down to one table
Fall 2011. Learncampphx.org. The learning professionals conference for everyone.
Hey Dennis, Your wit and bantor at the Broadmoore in CS really inspired me. Thanks for lighting the fire old man!
twitter is way cool guys i'm really glad this technology exists (this isn't sarcastic i'm being 100% genuine)
Gazamom - we all have sympathy for those who are being harmed. But it is the terrorists who are at fault. Be honest!
BOYCOTT - TAMRON LENSES - they do not honor their warranties. Customer service stinks. You buy a $600 lens and they won't repair it
RT A waste of time is anything that you don't enjoy doing, everything else is suspect.
Something very cool about a serbian fact-check
I just love you and can't wait to see what they are doing with you. More music? <3<3<3<3<3
feel the same way must be a montuesday.
Why aren't criminal charges pressed against #RonArtest for that assault on #JamesHarden?
W/ the glueton free diet w/ & followed by a new juicing regiment w/ I know I'll be healthy again <3
was it cold??
watching the Mobile Marketing presentation at #ASW11 with &
ohok:( well txt me or michelle if u find time.(:
I am
legit bombing my physics test and math final tomorrow... didn't even bring hone my books
I assume this was for me...are you so alone you have to tweet at yourself!?
Appreciate the
I know its not thundering -_-
OMG I totally forgot about that one, here voice, WOW!
GreenRope and snacks make for a fun Thursday! “: Learning more about ”
my dog loves bossing me around. time for his morning walk, where is auntie or auntie cosmo needs you lol......
u are, and u always will be to me
Go CANUCKS Go
Billy Corgan is in the house!
Yall bout the same height. “ Oh how I love ice cold water. You'd think I was a reptile or amphibian in a past life”
Congrats! Hope you love the shirt! RT : Congrats to , this week's winner of the #GGToday/ Trivia.
Keep you posted on who's coming..adding Indycar drivers this yr too!
Pittsburgh Effing Rocks!
I just want say "thank u" for just being U! Y'all always make me smile! 
Poop farts, there I tweeted
and I sitting down for some breakfast club talkin about football and the weekend! Legit
Hopefully people listening to this song Im posting lol,,, For yall that is #TadowSlapBow...!
This just sucks. I knew what was gonna happen & I still went for it.
now youre just somebody that i used to know- out of context
HELLO SUMMER
how can an ER be overstaffed lol.
my headphones just broke.. now i have nothing to listen to for the rest of the work day :/
especially when they're UGLY AF ! rightt ? (;
I wanna go to the baseball game tomorrow!!!😁⚾
RT : Standardized testing being given solely on computers: just another way students of poverty are getting totally screwed.
Be proud: As an immigrant, you have more in common with the Pilgrims than your American born neighbors.
Im in harlem
I was reminded of this fact once by a very fast-driving cab driver in a taxi home from O'Hare...
Van Scyoc is this year's Ben Stelzer. No newspaper representation so no votes.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive guys who DONT do drugs!!! Including pot.. Not attractive at all..
Melting cheese on something makes it taste better. Leftovers turn into gourmet leftovers.
Going to hit up The Spoon with the girls..when I get back, I have to jot down notes for my new short story.
She has pneumonia too. Unbelievably good! I have a feeling Tony is going to win though because of Adam's appeal.
No chance I ever move to China... Twitter is currently banned there.
been there, done that. It ended alright.
I'm well aware, darling. ;)
WOW long day up in 5 hrs for radio interviews, performances and partying with
I think hot firemen needed to be at the event to slide down the pole and pose in the photobooth with women. Next time...;-)
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Poll: What kind of takeout do you pick up most? What kind do you get delivered most?
If you find a remedy, let me know! I have a few assignments waiting for me to finish this one, and a day that isnt getting longer
Sure! Follow along! :-)
this is BIG ---> RT : BREAKING: Federal officials sue Ariz. sheriff Arpaio over allegations of racial profiling of Latinos. -EF
The Body Rampant's "Sativa"
Looking forward to seeing "OK Buckaroos", the film about Texas music legend Jerry Jeff Walker.
I'm so bad with song lyrics. oh god
Hey there! Valentine's Day spots available this year! On Friday February 10th - sunday February 12th. Let me know if you're interested!
sad :( ive been waiting for so long for july 7th so i can see bvb live for the first time and now this crap... #GetWellAndy <3
#Bowwownation DM me so it will be easy to send the number Oh yeah don't laugh at my picture na lmaoo June 12th Hot Right Na
take that ZTRE(:
We're excited to be working with y'all! #SanAntonio, bring your donations here next time you visit the #riverwalk!
Lol what? Why?
Sure enough we made the EOCT are bitch
We met the matching challenge for #East Africa #famine. Double the help we can send! Thanks to all those who participated!
": i still dm. i still follow. i still reply. i still love u. do u have any questions?" yes. will you marry me?
“: Off work on a Friday night with no way to get booze. Cool.” let me know 2 days in advance and I'll overnight u some ;)
she had left him when he had begun to drink.
Here we go
I need a nap , i take one everyday i swear lol .
Not every guy RT : How come every time I meet a new guy, my ex has already had sex with him? My ex is disgusting.
hey are you going to bring footloose home tomorrow?
Is that salmon swimming in butter???
been there once a time I choose to forget but can't !
Just so you know, Slice is playing you! ;)
"Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee." Isaiah 26:3
Sounds like u have 2 movies to see. :) You will see them in His time and it will be just the right time.
i must say im a pretty angry person
People say that eyes R windows 2 the soul ~ Khaled Hosseini
": ... Ppl who just assume I'm Chinese - im kickin you in the throat ." My bad Lmao
All this talk and no action.. I'll believe it when I see it.
I heard youre talking shit again, im gonna sleep with all your friends.
Heading out to the dock for 's video shoot "Boatload".
I lose like 10 pencils a day
Will it be Ryan Braun's MVP day today??...
": “: american or cheese whiz?” Velveeta!" they don't sell velveeta in philly
It's 4/20. Always makes me giggle. Happy Friday.
It's bridal registry shopping time ooh fun... I better get gifts... Ooh that is so wrong
It would be nice to start planning for it.....am game as i enjoyed in Zambia
I have special needs 5 year old twins. so I never get to stay on twitter as long as I'd like. in fact, gotta run! :)
never doubt me.
just bought tickets to mayhem fest =)
Who wants FREE TICKETS to the UW Badger's Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2 PM? Let me know. Feel free to RT.
I've been listening to #SaySomethin for 2 hours now(: I'm addicted to it<3 I can't wait till it comes out(:
#its2012whyyoustill rockin shirts down to your knee caps? Trynna cover up the ashiness on yo knee caps you need dat jergens LOTION!!
Absolutely! Cheers to a great 2012 vintage!
"Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness."
There aren't any restaurants in Kohler that aren't part of AC, but there are some great places in Sheboygan 10 mins away.
y'all home sick ay?
lmfaooo your 2 crazy I'd do that but not in front of my krib but like a complex lmfao, nd I feels youu! Parents suckk dickk!
to the nail salon today and might go look for another hair color
#ThingsThatINeed More photos of on the beach
How munch do you invest in your music career? Understandig sales will help you understand your market beter. Weekly soundscan.updates helps
Did Des Cartes have it wrong when he said, "I think, therefore I am"? Try this, "I am, therefore I (am able to) think."
haha ya they will
"Sorry I have rehearsal" should be tattooed on my forehead so people don't even have to ask
omfg i love you okay? Hahahha
Just bought myself 2 zac brown band tickets. This summer is about to be a concert frenzy!
About 8 songs into the next CD yeah!, thinking 10-14 tops? Or maybe we should just keep going??
#stuffabus day 2 getting some Timmy Hos and listening to my good friend
I give Joe Nathan's blown save a 2/10 (would not Broxton).
Every time you elbow a guy in the kidney in a crowded room to let him know how short his leash is, you owe me a nickel.
Rondo is prolly the smartest PG in the NBA
A California man died at age 103 after living with a bullet in his head since 1917. The slowest suicide to have ever been recorded
BrightScope Announces List of Top 25 Charlotte Area-Based RIA Firms
Didja catch his tweet re: Wallingford restaurant? Intrigued... We should all 3 go, wot?
ATTN ALL: has arrived
We're #thankfulfor finally stocking up the kitchen with food and having a day filled with ideas - how about you?
wish u were still here. I would've had u do a story on Garth Brooks' mgr renovationg my old plantation.
good work today! could I get some lessons sometime?
gettin plans right for tmrw....because.......i need to take advantage of time away.......
- any special icecream w/ that?
I think you are in your own boat for Tannehill. I respectfully disagree with you on the guy as well
I'm okay, but it was scary. was evacuated from an office building. I'll run out next time.
well you just made the day end on a good note & thats all that matters.(:
North #Minneapolis tornado victims struggle to recover. Six month update on Fox 9 at 9.
castle waiting is great. A twist on fairy tales.
Fear is a disease.. Eventually you have to cure it or you will die from it.
Getting my subversive craft on.
Okay Wanna DM?
per last question, Latinos participate in early education at half the rate of whites and african americans - thoughts?
I have a blackberry, it blows -.-
tweaking out on a large espresso and fiddling with wordpress, ignoring real work
Horrendous. Here we go again. Ugh.
Yeah, living on the NW side sucks. I'm going to have to go downtown, aren't I...
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch...
I always feel honored when people tell me I'm in their dreams.
Lucky! I skipped SXSW this year - I needed the break. I'm sure it was awesome as always, though.
lol the only team that can beat the thunder right now is the pacers on 2k with the daily progression!
Is there any movie coming out that you want to see?
Balk, not ball RT : First time I've seen a ball called while at a game. Bard not happy.
Unless you're name is Clint Hurdle, Neil Huntington, or Frank Coonelly.
Eat Fresh ;-)
This weather>>>
I don't understand, NC.
Haters have to have something to hate. Peace Be Still.
About to watch Jeff Who Lives at Home with
COME JOIN AT BABES CABARET TONITE !! HIP HOP ALL NIGHT !! WE NEED YOU THERE FOR THE VIDEO PRETTY GIRL !!
Prediction: Niche eBook stores will be huge. One-stop shop doesn't play as well in the digital space, but community plays better
that's so scary!!!!!
Aww I'm so sorry!!
To raise new questions, new problems, to regard old problems from a new angle requires creative imagination and makes real advances.Einstein
sounds like my ex wife. She was always following me and what's mine eventually became her's in the divorce.
Cookout is in 4 hours and the weather could not be more beautiful! Come join us at yards park from 4-10!
Yes! RT Good performers stay w/in lines. Great performers know when to improvise making the boundaries work for them.
Ever since it got warmer outside everything feels so alive.
RT : you are welcome! looking forward to hearing more about your work.
Lol No Lie Greg Ass Ugly.!
#LAJrKings have FOUR teams playing for berths at #USAHockey Nationals on Sunday. Regardless of outcomes, that is a tremendous accomplishment
Thanks for the recommendation just had Sammys Pizza in Duluth.
fork in the alley with my parents. m
glad you enjoyed yourself! Looking forward to seeing everyone Sunday at the handout!
We met so many people preview event on Saturday who were pumped about us coming to Mechanicsville!Thanks for all the support!
Ty Lawson is a freakin' beast. Real talk
sounds like a good day mam
I just want to stop and thank for growing an extra pair of hands in order to live blog at lightning speeds
La Provence is super yummy!
": "...common ancestor with us 600 million yrs. ago...." Just how does one conclude that? That is preposterous. We are not.
Have you any sense as to whether it's a question or usage in this case?
hawaiian punch that bitch!
Just got back from seeing the movie "UP" at El Capitan - the kids loved it (one in his 3d glasses, one in her hot-tub). So did we! :)
how come hipsters ironically dressed in native american accoutrement is considered fashionable?
That being said, Philly needs to go home. This race is between Josh and Jess.
For I know the plans I have for u, declares the lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm u, plans to give u hope and a future. Jer 29:11
thank you!
Well of course. Makes measuring how the disbursement of taxpayer funds is divvied up MORE opaque. #transparency winning
did you climb that ladder yourself?
For me, it all begins with a notebook: it is the well I dip into for that first clear, cool drink. - Rita Dove.
Hopefully it's only open for a proactive upgrade and not failure
I most definitely will! Let me know when your FB is up 'n' running, I'd love to get a peek at your stuff!
and they look damn good.
And yes, that is a 100% legitimate question I need answered
I missed the client list.
It's MAY 1st. Time flies by so fast when you're playing shows every weekend. Happy May Day!
at a great vacation! Wishing an amazing time to my family!
I want Tiny Ball of Light as a ringtone.
Yankees rained out tonight!!
Iphone 4S supports location based alarms e.g remind me to take out the garbage when i get home, or remind me not to miss bus/train stop
U are so late lol!
Need new headshots? Let Stand / Out make yours the best!
In my opinion, it's absolutely imperative that Eagles improve their return games in this draft. That's why I love LaMichael James.
I love Flo.
Many store bought brands can be on the low end of the food chain & have addictive additives.
chocolate fountain wishes and love! Xoxo
BITCH, I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
I been taking it for two & I can only count to nine RT ": I took spanish for 6 years, i learned NOTHING."
.i think ima play now :]
Thank you to everyone at last night's SEIU meeting for the great reception. Your energy and hard work will pay off in November!
i got a pic of an old white lady mean muggin me...
Marshall: ""I've never been around a receiver, never seen a receiver who runs routes like Devin does outside..."
Tough weekend for you guys. Keep your heads up though!
Tired. Z
It's shocking how when you're in a fight with someone, how many of your "friends" take their side
i was on the phone while driving with my bestfriend planning on what im gonna do to this dude..lmfao.... serious shit
I'm ready to have a great week...I hope you guys feel the same!
Hi beautiful!! I love/miss you!
google it. One of the most gruesome injuries I have seen
Politico: Mitt Romney will give what is billed as a big deficit reduction speech at 2pm in Des Moines, IA
Winners of the 'Smaller is Better' challenge in order: and
hey can u tell to follow me
lol we're like 5 ft away from each other and no hello.
Never underestimate the power of a kind word or deed.
thank you!
over what???
vendor stats are appls & oranges, but they exist
can u follow?
The daily experience of calmness results in ability to perceive one's life with a fresh perspective, increasing creativity and motivation.
(AP) -- Romney wins Virginia Republican presidential primary
Please RT this to any librarians. Do you currently have #e-book readers (i.e. #Kindle, #Nook, etc.) at the library for patron check ?
Want a free cd from "The Beautified Project" for free send us an email at
Houston Texans Select Whitney Mercilus In 26th Overall NFL Draft ...
Vote for your candidate today but if they don't win don't waste energy sniping from the sidelines. All In! We have work to do!
If I had a hot tub time machine, we'd all Moogle, not Google.
It was fantastic! RT : Thanks to with SW Airline for a great presentation.
still coming up
sent and received 9000 texts this month. lol
I have an older Dell Inspiron that's collecting dust. Let me know if it gets that deep. :)
Growing up has to be the hardest thing I've had to learn this year.
WWYD If you saw a monkey hanging on an interstate bridge with a Justin Bieber shirt on, and eating a banana?
It sounds amazing! I really want to visit Africa. I hopefully might one day!
Single homies that like milf type chicks need to get here now! Need your help.
: I missed you last night too!!! You better not miss the tounry Sundayy!!!!
Its not lookin good for my #grizzlies:(
Hey, how are all the wonderful lawlorffs doin? :)
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today!
fantastic job today! Proud to know you & of your commitment to the
Ok I'm tired of waiting. I need to see The Raid right meow
Aging clumsily.
U.S. Leading 1-0 at the half versus Brazil.
Occupy Auckland could have saved time with Auckupy, right?
FASHION# ART# MUSIC
Thanks for the mention. Happy Thursday!
Eyes prettier then colored roses
Has your account been hacked? This seems to take you to a fake Twitter page asking you to log in.
especially when your jealous i get to leave class
I find MARC more straightforward than AACR2. Is that weird?
They say im gettn money , must be illumanati , talkin to the holy ghost in my Bugati
cool, i think we're gonna go shoe shopping so we wont bug you too long. no picture yet, the leaves are about right though.
you been shopping for Black Friday right? Got the new Victorious game for a deal? I am tired too.
#askvinny Are you going to HHI this up coming summer?
John would never let me get that. looks sweet!!
can't wait to see you too!
good luck on your um procedure tomorrow!
If you were teaching a complete noob/technophobe about iPhone, what would your top three points be? RTs welcome
For sure!! RT : next time
damn I'm gonna buy my ticket for today, today lol
Prescription troubles? We are here to help!
So... Can we get some motorcycle parking at the new building? We'll bring you some bikes, with people on them. :-).
Just bought the new album since they sounded so awesome on the !! It's amazing!
Been moping around and slacking off alot less now that my Boss is a Hot Woman..Seems I do alot more sneaking around and jacking off instead!
I WILL not atop till Im the GREATEST
Ha! It could have been one of their mothers.
GREAT Mix..
my crush gives me butterflies
it's a little campy but I like it so far
Having so much fun dropping contacts into circles #google+
omg happened to me today! I'd like to have died!!!!
Oh I wish I could tell you about who is confirmed for the ZOO AMP IN 2012.... oh the fun is on it's way! Stay tuned!
Thanks for your time and effort Jason! You were a big part of what we did here! Good luck with the new site!
to Indy? We flew back Sunday.
non-play (but none the less noteworthy), GP Quote of the day: "...suggestive eyebrow-raising and creepy grinning followed by winking"
have you ever been to Fisk-a-teers site for crafters? It's an example in this presentation... Made me think of you
#hcsm T2: Primary Care docs have most to gain w/ social media. Why? They need to educate patients b4 referrals cc:
is it bad that it's 936 and I'm about ready to go to bed..... #springbreak2012 pssshhhhh
My BCOM class is the worst. So glad its over though.
gonna be a long bus ride home. you sounded awesome
jajaajaja she's gonna take jayden-you shouldve gotten pregnant
Your Nobody Til' Somebody Kills You
Many thanks to 's CTO Ian van Reenen for taking the time to share his #AWS knowledge with our audience today!
I'm very good at the booty part!
I <3 videos im just like laughing my ass off so loud while everyone else is sleeping at my house
Happy Friday to my new followers!
JESSE TYLER FERGUSON I LOVE YOU. That was the most adorable reaction ever.
Best in the world!
I crack up every time I see that Pic.. 5 Days till Chicago
ur kidding me?... Cut that shit out
Exercise and eat healthy... True keys that lead to happiness
Thanks for the Follow! Welcome!
If she ever been a train she don't get a ring real shit
🇺🇸America's next top model British invasion🇬🇧 😍
Whoa... Tonight got real fun, real quick. O_o
Also, two sessions at #roots12 today: I wish the VAN would drive itself in Room D at 11:30 and Social Organizing in Room C at 2pm!
Happy first night of Hanukkah to all our Jewish friends!
Ways to get children involved: fresh fruit and veggie drives, clothing drives, talking about homelessness
23 pounds of insistent, Tonkinese love.
is building the next great restaurant & hospitality company. Calling all partners, investors & bankers...
I was Penske material though. Worked there for 2 years.
Why cant i take take care off my playlist!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so tried of bitches talking bout u superbad plz some of y'all super bogus lmao
night 1 of course!
Tony Allen too, Wabash to OKSt to defensive stud now
I like G-Whizz if you have your documents saved as google docs. You can also read your blogs there with google reader.
Favorite jersey tonight is a tie between and w/ the game worn and the John Rocker jerseys
thank you ma'am:)...love you much!
Gonna die. I just finished insurgent. I can't wait for the next. Ughh
Yes, you say "The Aristocrats," NOT "The Aristocats!" cc:
So true RT Dear people who pack things: Packing peanuts are obnoxious & messy. Please stop. XO Jacq
"Do you have pecks nate?" "No they're just boobs!"
The little boy in the movie Hugo looks like !
happy to see you back with cutler breh! cant wait to see you tear it up this next season.
What is wrong with our game?
I know you are!
Audition Tip: Don’t bring any song to an audition not memorized and prepared. They have a tendency to thumb through your book.
ps4 or Xbox 720?? How can video games really get any better??
I think he meant that it's always perfect. We should have 3-way (non-sexual) drinks one night.
It's graduation. I know it.
"...He was beaten so we could be whole.He was whipped so we could be healed." Isaiah 53:5b I'd say that makes for a GREAT Friday!
I like turning on the radio and hearing --Barney
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout N
There are two ways of being creative. One can sing and dance. Or once can create an environment in which singers and dancers...
Omg could my dad snore any louder? O.o
thx bro. Go
Looking forward to seeing ya'll in Dallas!
Thanks for the plug! Glad you enjoyed it!
Just listened to a story on the radio about a shortage of something called "Mar-Mite" in New Zealand. Yeah that just happened
you gonna watch the #STEELERS VS. #JETS GAME? JETS R GOING DOWN!!! #blackandyellow :)
Got et work.!
The Geezer Gallery will be on display at the Schnitzer for all three JOSHUA BELL concerts. Thank you Oregon Symphony and hope to see everyo…
More excited to finally play as Paul Mokeski. RT Who else is excited to play as the Big O?
Great sunset & moon rising spring is around the corner :)
Just being yourself, being who you are, is a successful rebellion. - Author Unknown
Ok this is getting serious. Two big tree limbs down.
those were the cutest tiny sneakers! Yay new job.
I gotta goto work
me hungry and my brian is twisting and turning with thoughts and ideas meep moop
got u
Dear Seattle T-birds, Thank you for beating those Americans......Can you say tied for first???
Say I Do Wedding Expo & Events has jumped on board Diversity Platinum! Plan your event in DC or Philly and get a 15% discount! Welcome!
#InTheSummer I spend every second with my friends (:
eCommerce ---- evolved. Simply it's Commerce, Social, Mobile and Local.
laundry? It's under the bus, it will be washed when we get back to Nashville early in the morning
I'm glad you said that. I'll DM you my full name & home address. REALLY could use the money right now.
Who's got some love for Matt Moore?!
Yikes dude, have a good trip :)
I truly envy you sir. RT My superpower is having a naturally bleached butthole.
Further confirmation of Divine presence....Steelers Won!
Starting a new Twitter account. Need some time to finish setting it up, then I'll begin tweeting away!
Looking forward to todays class. It's time to burn off all of those piña coladas some of you drank over the weekend.
I see niggas hating
aww that's awesome!
when can we expect pinterest + spotify?
says 52% of global info workers say they use 3+ devices for their work.
I'll take the head. I could do i without the ache.
Right, but that's a limited way of looking at it. They didn't HAVE to trade for Greinke. They could have rebuilt.
True, but you can get it washed and detailed pretty cheap.
There is hoops on all day after church!
Jeter sac fly Gardner scores Yankees up 5-3
Sports Fans...SERIOUSLY is nobody out there watching the World Series!! They 'll move it to Vegas!
u mean mall cops?
$9 for parking!!!! Wtf! NO MORE SPENDING PERIOD!!
To-do today: finalize DJ list. What's your favorite song to dance to at weddings?? (Think total dance party!!)
heading to the #JaneAusten festival to talk #Regency #hairstyles! Will have copies of the handout available online if anyone wants a copy
My sister's big dance recital is on sunday& our whole family is going 2 support her. Being the good dancer she is, i know she'll do great.
Ok I know I'm late but he killed that song...DAMN!!!
Mind being blown away at Love Fest right now!!!!!
. ...few things better than taking online connections & making them offline relationships// That's not what my husband said ;-)
Chanel, gucci, or Dior or rosie :) guy; Bentley
I NEED HELP! Do i go to LA to see austin or do i go to believe tour concert?!? HELP!
Warner Music Chooooooots!
did you see the avengers?
I'm Gonna send you a friend request, Love that game
man, vince carter just trolled us all pretty hard
Help me hit 300 likes!
what do you want?
Hell Yeah Fuckin Right!!!
Hi Liam
Scandal is the best new show of the year
When did September become Hotember?
Lebron wins MVP? You can't be "most valuable" when you're playing alongside two superstars...the award should have gone to Tony Parker.
you come on more than I do. I'm the worst co-owner ever /:
Headed to Happy Hour in PB? Get $50 to spend for only $25! www.dailygroupsavings.com
Please excuse my daughter from school yesterday and P.E. forever. She had a very bad asthma attach running in P.E. because the coach made...
Has anyone had good experience w/micro loaning in Kampala Uganda? 1 of our jewelgirls wants 2 start her own hair salon biz.
DEEP in Sibelius now...
Congrats. And to think I knew you in the very beginning!
Very cool seeing Man v. Food Nation in Milwaukee!
heck out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com & follow & RTpls
thats mest up i felt bad for you :/
Ready to go ✈
yeah me too
I'm in sales, so I'm already working on converting him!
yes they are
JT slays SNL again as always, his musical and comedic talents are amazing, gives his all in every sketch. Gaga crazy and good
The pre-game show was wrong about one thing. This game may turn out to be a goalfest after all.
Ambassador Banquet tonight(:
The Jersey Devil Century Ride in Pittsgrove NJ launched this weekend on Active.com
My mommy just bought a new car just got home :))$
God morning!!
Long day but still doing something
i hate smt & i was down the shore
Y'all can come to Htown and we can carpool. Pet some gators along the way.
thanks! Yeah that would probably happen :( you could put two up one for each and make it a rivalry room lol
district of doom stays primarily intact. Loses Pitt and picks up kilgore who moves down.
Reptile's Theme
Thucydides~ We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
Our music studio is open, but we haven't thrown any public events yet. Bureaucracy slowing things down... >_<
You keep customers by delivering your promises, fulfilling commitments and continually investing in quality of relationships. Brian Tracy
Fixnta start listening to ZEN & THE ART OF FAKING IT by Jordan Sonnenblick - hope it's as much fun as expected.
even better! sounds delightful. see you there.
Hallowe'en, the traditional night to celebrate magic, is the ideal time for the media to interview one of Canada's worldclass magicians.
I was at The Birchmere too. Great show!
Has someone said the ACL injury was a result of the shortened season?
When schools repeatedly ignore a child's safety and 16 kids threaten his life it calls for action, albeit another way.
With the team at Come see us at stand 4772 to learn more about Wireless Activism tomorrow.
The only things that keep me from being a true master of my craft are my
I always forget to go on twitter :/ but im back :D
Disney’s Newsies! The Musical – Equity Chorus Call / Singers
Kobe has to score 38 tomorrow night to take home the scoring title.
BOTTLE SERVICE $100 ABSOLUTE BOTTLES AND MORE
But when you defend yourself against your abusive husband...there is nothing to discuss...smh
preach it!
I can't argue with that!
Nope I ain't been feeling like it.....
RT : Me actually believing him? HELL NAW
Can I lay you down ? (;
social media should tie in with biz goals. thousands of fans/followers is one thing, but WHAT are they doing to advance brand?
Great show @ the doug fir last night. Archie the Snail would have been proud! Good luck with the rest if the tour.
RT : Who will I see at lean startup machine this weekend?
Sugar causes weight gain & accelerates aging by breaking down collagen, which is key to keeping skin wrinkle free!
Thanks for your note! What a kindness! Hope it's a good read for you.
Gonna rock this day running on Seaco coffee...let's do this.
it just another sports bar not must see food just ok Hockeytown is better
And money never skipped a beat
Finally home to tune in and watch #cuse dominate
he'll draw a 6th at best.
definitely....Well, I'll just be happy the Boyz are back.(:
ooh haha yea I haven't seen their tweets xx
yeah but his shotgun was magical...didnt it shoot way too many times before needing a reload?
“: "Tell me Caesar, do I smell like roses to you?" -Peeta ” LOVE THE MOVIE, JUST LIKE THE BOOK! <3
New catch phrase........Doesn't matter, as long as there's Crown.
Funky Donkey: "I don't wear Crocs, and I don't wear sandals, the pump don't work cuz some vandals took the handles."
“: Chris Breezy winning the grammy for best r&b album #welldeserved” yeee! Excellent entertainer!
Good news HD!! Can't wait for the fight!!
Well done! Perhaps you can teach us a thing or 2 about the master builder. We're open 11:30-3:30 everyday.
This spreadsheet just might be the death of me!!! Was going to print it and put it on the wall...ha!! 84 pages...no thanks!
Where is all the money at?
Our show time for tomorrow is actually 5p... But just get there early nonetheless. It'll be good times. 3011 Barcelona in ABQ's S. Valley.
Looks like I will be doing a lot of work today
haha ya. NYC is 5hrs behind London and LA is only 4hrs behind NYC. So when Europe goes to sleep its afternoon here.
Why do birds wait until you're just about to run them over before they fly out of the way? They stress me out! LOL
So true. RT It's not truly a favor if you later use it against someone as a reason why they should do something for you.
Front Desk Wed: I had to hear from a tourist that blueberries are out!
catfish on the ice already. heh heh.
Just downloaded the whole #Drake album. Kinda in love. Kinda want to date him.
that was the funniest thing ive seen all week
RT Weird...what to do without #BIGGESTLOSER on tuesday night?--Play music
Q: Why did Tigger look in the toilet? A: He was looking for Pooh!
There's a career out there for anyone willing (and able) to read the manual.
do it now! why wait
a woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets
Way to jinx it.
Whoa, must be Burt Reynolds or something RT No word on who's throwing out first pitch but MLB has scheduled a 5-minute standing O
i know! its crazy. but maybe one day i will get lucky
back to business
#Blazers fall to the #Suns 125-107. Season-high pts. allowed for Portland. Blazers officially eliminated from Playoff contention.
Heh heh. :-D Glass half-empty vs. half-full: What does the Big Society have against completely full glasses?
that's not lazy, that's strategy.
Blasting lil wayne so Morgan will fall asleep. Interesting musical tastes for a 4 month old.
so sad about michael jackson. pretty sure he was acquitted so you can stop with the pedo jokes.
If you are sitting at a bar, working on your Mac laptop and drinking a glass of white wine, just know I AM judging you. Hard.
Way to go Red Sox! You just made the 1995 Angels look clutch.
Can't wait to see!
#TweetsDuring1659 oh shit! its a boat with some lightskinned motherfuckers on it. lemme grab my spear and arrow and rob these niggas
Game Time!!!!
the best part about it is I know she isn't!!
How was it? Good I hope.
Working on the skull in school just tea the word JAW. I instantly t
Post performance blues.....sigh
Happy President's Day! May those of you with your children at home have plenty of relaxing tea!
bored out my fudging mind and the night is too young...need some entertainment and nobody wont even call me...wtf!!!!
John: "Uhh did some one put a pencil in this grape?" (silence) Jack: "Yep... that was me."
lol my dog can't bark and run
you are not working hard enough ;-)
When the addiction went from alcohol to pills, due to court ordered anabuse, we lost her. The alcohol didnt turn her to pill
Please don't cut Tavarres Jackson. RT Matt Flynn's the newest Seahawk... We're fired up to bring him to Seattle!
This #escaperoutes show makes me want to walk out in front of a convoy of Fords
I poured my water bottle out on this girl today. Idgaf she was getting on my damn nerves.
cracks me up... The pregnant Snooki creeps me out. Responsibility at its finest.
I was thinking the same thing! Remember 2 years ago the gas prices were on every channel when they hit $4? How'd this sneak by?!
your Amazing!! :D Please Make My Day And Follow Back!! ♥ xoxo
So my gran emailed me waxing poetic about 50 Shades today. Besides your bks, What should I send her for her bday?
I sing so what : )
Can you formalize informal learning?
Coolest things being auctioned JUNE 14 Tuesday Weslo Cadence 450 Foldable Treadmill 94 Emmit Smith Action Figure, Box of Sports Cards
But we all had a good laugh! Yes going to see my favorite orange-head...:)
I recommend with Two Caterers.
So, I'm pretty sure I'm going to one of Demi's concerts this summer :'D
Natalie - "swag send me a friend request!" - "is his last name ie?"
where on your site can I find some examples of successful promotions?
Man the Redskins wanted RG3 bad!!
Hollywood Forever Cemetery Sings. You hold IT in that tune, man. Check us out when you get a chance.
The Hawks have absolutely no homecourt advantage. Double OT and it sounds like a library.
Charen Kingrey wins over Jason Bott in front of huge cheering section! Second Round Tap Out due to RNC at the 2:31 mark.
is so fucking sick!!!!!!!
thanks for the shout out - we are in good company:
Ask not for whom the cat carrier opens ... it opens for thee.
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Romeo said Jeff Allen stepped up and took on leadership this weekend. Also said Wylie needs to work on his cuts.
David Koch Gives Smithsonian A Record $35M For New Dinosaur Hall - CBS Local
what a great time, opening for Faun Fables. Nice full house, I played well (imn-s-ho), had good sound, they were awesome as usual.
RT: 'What are children but tiny stoned people?' O_o
Just finished 2.5mi in 75° (feels like 846°). Can I have a beer now?
Check out the deals from our ad in USA Hockey this month at www.hockeygiant.com/usahockey.html
"The soul never thinks without a picture." Actress Melina Kanakaredes quotes Aristotle at Arts Day.
can i have a shoutout???? :)
hey! :) I haven't seen it but it looks cool, u let me know :)
nothing like taking a shin to the jaw.. Mercy!
Also worth noting which party obstructs entitlement reform and insists Medicare and Social Security can continue 'as is.'
Today has seen some of the most inane interviews on the news ever.
If i see anymore negative mj comments i sear im going to kick some ass. Someones soul and pride is about to get fucked up.
looking forward to reading it! Will it be online?
Nobody to txt... This game should've been over
New contest starts tomorrow!
lol. That's my beach I love everything bout it.. Lol possibly..
DO YOU GUYS HONESTLY THINK YOU'LL LAST THAT LONG? COME ON. THIS IS MIDDLE SCHOOL.
"you're just flipping around that paddle like its last night! tell me what happened last night!"
I do wish I was friends with Rob Dyrdek
Watt hasina continued it #Shockinnnn!!!!!!!! I'm finally rubbin off on ya
I miss u!!! On the way
Power is out for 3140 PGE customers in Hillsboro, stemming from a car accident. Driver had medical issue. Power expected back on by 12:30.
I didn't text you yet RT Tha t text was EVERYTHING!!!!! 💓💓 I can't stand her but damn I love her.
I'm about to fall asleep
I hate being home.
It's all fun and games until you drop your phone in the damn tall grass!!!
cheesiest pick up ever. But... Are you?
We have no idea, but we'll stop.
What the eff?!?! Found a stink bug in my pocket!
I freaking love TV Land, its like one of the best channels on tv!
ahaha i know right! so i'm gonna just ask a few random ?'s ok?So,How many btr posters do you own (or are there many 2 count?)
Why the fuck am I up. . ugh
the row 2 , sims pets for ...
sorry dude it's been a rough one and I probably don't help with being blah.
nice! I'm tummy is full!
Prep your Qs beforehand for the #ESHealthChat Friday @ 6 to be sure you get all the information you need to be healthy and happy!
@ Monday nite raw-r truth thinks he's n green bay.LOL
RT : Wake up w/ Sprinkles! 1st 50 people to whisper “rise and shine” @ each Sprinkles receive a #free cinnamon sugar!
I've used airbnb for research trips: had some good experiences!
Olas lozenges, Aleve-D sinus and cold, and flu fighter muffins from ... Take that, cold!
thinking of changing my Twitter handle and more to everythingfrank instead of franktastic4. thoughts?
Macon tomorrow. :)
hahaha! What happened to being honest about your feelings when it came to l'amour? :/
way to #GiveObamaCreditFor... being a birther
Prefer when pedals work the first time, but there is a joy in fixing one that refuses to work.
I'm not going to spend another minute arguing with you. You're not worth my breath or time.
haha i would love to know about jams on the eastcoast--actually do you keep up a blog? shall check out the compound nxt time
On the couch with the boy and the soon to be birthday girl and watching Finding Netherland.
That cool, what are your other bands? :)
Yes! I've been on HD (Home Direct) for ~3 months after doing my 1st challenge, it speeds results and is my favorite bfast now!
Waking up with headaches <<<<<<
I have begun a new internship with Live from the NYPL today!
I'm still fearful, but my mind has been changing as far as using wikipedia in the "how to" evaluate sources.
Unfortunately I don't break hearts but I think imma start.
also, im gonna peep those mashups when I get home #TrillCosby!
Team Vic Matrix is designed with slow release proteins so it will help you to feel fuller for longer.
Big Time Rush Weekend-Lawn Family 4 pks avail $60.00 + s/c. Listen to ur favorite radio station 2 win a Lawn Family 4 pack. Runs 5/11-13.
Chicken little :)
"I don't want the language of TV culture to become the language with which I speak." - Chris Hedges PLNUWS
right here.
Mani/pedi: check. Hair color: check. Fake tan: check. Hot piece of ace: check. Being a girl is tough work!
Last Day at the show:( Come by and visit us in Booth
They say Al Capone had three portraits in his office--of Washington, Lincoln, and me, Your Mayor, Big Bill Thompson. Three great Americans!
I love listening to upcoming rap artists, so I was wondering what kind of music our fans listen to? Give me some artist names!
how old is he?
My pick for the derby: Hansen currently 13-1 starting for the 14 slot.
followed are you sure he can handle all of us Hooligans?
I never thought would be so much fun to watch the whole team is perfect. Best show so far. I haven't laughed so much in a while.
My shoulder my knee and ankle are killing me.
it really stinks cause Britain used to be the best place for companies who could keep brands fresh over generations
People annoy me.
Son most didn't get to go to graduation ceremonies. Not because of grades or trouble...He forgot to get gown sized & paid for. Argh!!!
Why do we always wake up at the crack of dawn?
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot! You know the one!!
Jesus said: He who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love him and show myself to him
I hope the Pacers get this W
Malinowski: US officials should the telling Bahrainis time is short and maintain suspension of arms sales
Hey twitter/FB - how can I sign up for Paul Carrs The New Gambit? I can't find a sign up website anywhere?
Am I the only one who notices that Mr. Peanut is a cannibal? Hm. M.
loved looking around a bar packed with archivists at the tweetup. fantastic time.
#fml our vocal technique class is full of old people x___x -kris&sebs
sippin on my double chocolate chip frap! Thanks Mum Xx
I don't sell enough books to pay for the lawyers, however. And these various problems finally became too much.
And we know that in ALL things God works for the good of those who love, him, who have, been called according to his purpose. Romans 8:28
Ron Paul is speaking now on CNN
that's very cool that you were there and still have that!
lol...i followed u back!! thnx for the follow!!=)
W.whoistrillogy.com check it out! And follow
bring your R8 to Dane county and I will race you for pinks! I hope you will enjoy my honda civic hb as much as I did! Haha
I'm getting tired of the #RHOA! Next!
how is she? Getting better I hope
The most kind hearted people are the most mistreated people.
how are yoou?
My arm is worth $$$
House will vote shortly on #budget reconciliation package that deepens cuts to #children by add'l tens of billions of dollars
I was at the gym when you called and that makes it even more so your fault. Text me tomorrow and we can make plans to hangout
Just slammed a Donatos founders favorite. Now it's back to work.
If my sister trys to wake me up at 6am I'm going to freak the crap out.
The Hulk. He punched a spaceship. In the face. To death. In other words: see The
Is the welcome page deactivated for FB pages now? Not seeing it happening in timeline as it was before?
Sales throughout the whole week!!!! Come see us
ha. texas? south carolina? idk. never been to NC...
Whee, I'm up to 619 followers. Some of them may even be real people...!!
that's really what the Adobe creative suite is all about. Letting you get the hang of it and then changing everything.
Left PT after hitting the brewery. Now in Port Angeles, slowly turning into the Twilight tour.
ahh , i love you <3 hope you are having a nice day !
Wonder whi shooting a video on my block this time
I ment to say everything is looking up right now
#FridayReads The Red Tent and The Monk
tried to say that three times fast and failed
There has been a murder... someone killed my plumeria from Hawaii. Probably won't be going back this year, either. This day sucks.
lol yeah same here then it got interesting and i finished watching it
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Watching Nicki Minaj : My Time Now (:
Bed is so comfortable I can't seem to get my body out of it.
when are you going to cambodia
caught a piece of ur show on mommy madam. 1 word for you. Millionaire match maker on bravo , what's the difference?
last episode of glee with my idol <3 been a good run, as they say in show business. can't wait to see what she moves on to!
3 DAYS LEFT UNTIL DRAKE!:D
After all of this, I believe Coach Paterno died of a broken heart....
It's going to get rainy & snowy tonight so stay in & try our Country Fried Chicken dinner special at the Avenue. Maybe our staff will cluck.
RT : TONIGHT spinning music from 1980-1989 at rap, rock, new wave, dance, freestyle, electro etc
I dunno my costumes are pretty interesting RT : Be me for Halloween. People will find you more interesting.
Can't handle the stress of #NextIronChef - want them all to win!!
Everytime i hear about a chick named Felicia i think about the movie Friday. "Craig. . . ?""Bye Felicia" "Man yall STINGY!" Lmao
oh god not even! Only you and Jazmin will be sexy, ill be looking like a derp.
better stay in the front of the bus.
At offices for #occupythenews event. Journalists talking about covering
Big thanks to Steve West for filling in for me tonight on fingers crossed I'll be back on tomorrow. Hugs!
I just feel like I wanna eat ice cream & die.
Thank you! :-) You are awesome as well!
wye oak
The way I see it, if U want the rainbow, U gotta put up with the rain. ~ Dolly Parton
Haha thanks! Props to and for helping me reach my full snark potential on that one.
Yikes. What are you planning to give back to your mom's hoo-ha? RT remember where u came from.
It was nice to meet you at the BSA event. Thanks for the follow.
Pentiums melt in your PC, not in your hand.
Don' stop believin! Hold on to that feelin yeah!! Street light people oh!!!
no top when it's hot, chinchilla when it's cold, the kushy kushy highs and the old school lows
Researching historical docs at the HQ Building in NYC!
Awesome, thanks! (I got grief from a CD just yesterday!)
3:45 wake up call.. Gonna be a big bag of shit tomorrow.
Hit me up Unc i gotta ask u sumn
"We do seek to remove unnecessary obstacles to individual opportunity." - Rep. Duran, giving opening remarks at SB15 hearing
The best moments i have are with!! <3
I been so stressed lately I been thinking of wild Shyt man wake up most day just miss my sister so much and cry
The stupidity at my school is unbelievable.
Best fastbreak of the year for Cards.
A very good evening to new followers Have a lovely weekend.
Loving your site so far! Just sent you a message on there.
our last name is a dynasty keep on downin us u gone get fucked up period!
Sounds like the makings of a great outfit to me! What did you order?
my bad i fell asleep on u last night
These animal crackers are bullshit, This elephant tastes exactly like the giraffe did.
No news is good news.
What does philanthropy want to be when it grows up? Asks
Love taking my iPad loaded with board to my stylist for inspiration instead of old school mag clippings
The Marketing Blog: Windows media player 12 vista version 11.0 ...
Tonight we train local dentist on recognizing, reporting, & preventing child maltreatment! Why not mention prevention @ your next check-up?
Found out that U cant run clothes dryer & hairdryer @ same time. Made emerg trip to hardware store 4 new 15AMP fuses.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Listen to what you know instead of what you fear." ~Richard Bach
we know why some drink the charter koolaid. Don't be puzzled; address the fallacies and change the frame.
Game of Thrones!!!
thanks for the love jennifer!
Let the church say "Amen" . Thank you for all your music Whitney, we love you goodbye!!!
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. -John Wooden
Thank you and for making event scheming a breeze. (cc: )
Happy Bill of Rights Day! check out for updates throughout winter break. Happy Holidays!
bad poker face
Wake up to Bullshit.. never fails.
yeah you lightweight. Or the triple of vodka in your pink grapefruit squash..
Mars? By Ben Bova?
do u think belichick will win another SB without audio/video taping their opponents practices? ;-) #fined$500,000
