Joshua Jackson is filming his third-rate-network show "Fringe" outside my window. Is this the best celeb siting NYC has to offer these days?
# IS WORK NOT HUSTLIN R HUSTLIN NOT WORK EITHER WAY U PAY IN R OUT..HUSTLE HARD.
bitch you thirsty stfu
I love the way Popovich is keeping #gospursgo on their toes-he quite clearly stated how they have the best record but are not the best team.
Well that last exam went out with a bang, I mean bomb x_x
roses are red unicorns are pencil this poem makes no sense, toaster
Good morning everybody , what's good ? Ladies , yall lookin good today
The Rock know he fine !
Wow! End of an era as legendary Top 40 WABB/Mobile is sold to EMF; format flipping and staff will be released. Details in RAMP.
A huge thank you to , hands down one of the most supportive twitter friends ever! Follow for great recommendations!
chilled fina hit up a restraunt cant cook hungry af !!
Late night work...
Thank you, Kate. Glad to be walking with you.
Getting use to substitute teaching. Yes! Substitute for long term for a teacher on maternity leave.
thanks for having us on. It was a blast.
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - they're going 4 world record today .
My thoughts & prayers go out to the deacon family.
The colts are so predictable.
Keep at it. You can master it!
oh my gosh just please shut the f up bitch
Anybody know a good writer who wants some work helping us write some things for our web page?
- you need a wasp exorcist....or a REALLY big can of Raid.
Back at ya babe! Lol!
So Who is her? :3 x
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 5. No problem is too small! If it's important to u, it's important to your LegalShield lawyer.
Wait a second .. I dont want to leave Florence. I am so sad. I am going to miss you so freakin much!
I hate getting spots
And CeeLo wears a t-shirt?
All art is quite useless.
and how about u two take a little off of ur existing contracts so we can sign Nov, Lin, & JR and possibly Nash
glad you liked it! Thanks for the feedback.
can you follow me peyton <3 it would mean the world to me <3
Looking for a graphic designer for #LGBTQ community.
+ pork= the apocalypse RT : I had a dream that I was smokin' eatin' bbq w/ and of all people,
I need to stop wasting my phone battery in class. 62% what have I been doing?
Hanukkah begins tomorrow night at sundown. We wish everyone who celebrates Hanukkah a meaningful and joyous holiday season.
Gearing up for our first performance at Southern Theatre this weekend! The acoustics in the Southern are phenomenal. Who is coming?
Pretty darn ready to be home.
#mysuperpower read minds cause u really confuse me
I got money. Tuesday. Be ready
Good day Sir U ready 4 game 1??
I'm going to makea movie called "Un-Happy Feet" it's going to be about a bunch of wheel chair bound penguins.
TY! Makes my ears bleed. RT does Garrison Keillor annoy the hell out of anyone else? depressing poems are not part of a good bfast
Welcome Deepika Bala our newest member to \ˈspēk-ˌē-zē\! Thanks for joining our page
I Now Work At Worlds Of Fun :3 Taxies Ambassador:)
I just had the socks knocked off me by the Help Team.
Yes someone as genuine as him with a good sense of humor, not some plastic skankosaurusrex!
And Dominick's. And the South Quad Snack Bar. And at Kline's Department Store. No wonder my grades were not so stellar.
Watching Americas Next Top Model with my sister
Get Blasted on from 8-10AM.Listen on WBNW 1120 Boston, AM1390-Plymouth, 970AM-Central MA.Online at www.MoneyMattersRadio.net
Been watching videos and just listening to songs of my favorite bands today. It's getting really hot in my room. O.o
Chged quote from Influenced by Common people quit when tired Uncommon people quit when the win
Making fudges :-)
Oh snap! New cousin on the way!! 
I love reorganizing and decluttering my house... Change is a GREAT thing no matter how small it is.
- Now we are talking!! #Barcelona is fantastic!
DJO did his thing tonite but Todd Mayo is that dude in the making ...
Mayor Daley spoke for many in IL about “Springfield bubble” --lawmakers are oblivious to the economy is.gd/bAG4o
Talls are boys over 5'9. Smalls are ....almost midgets.
Perfect time to try another bunt. RT Viciedo to PH for Fukudome
Check out this and manifest possibilities Amazing_predictions_know_yourself_.pps Cool test from the Tibetans.
Happy Birthday <3 Hope it's great !
Also, reminder for myself just as much as any of you - arguing with awful, horrible people is probably a big waste of time.
someone has a bad attitude and it isn't you!
Walking dead tonight. Huzzah!
Good luck to Go Fitness member, Molly DiSabato who will be participating in the Arnold "Pump 'N Run" on Sunday. We're rootin' for you!
. No TV, just radio. 1620AM or 1620thezone.com
Call today for 250 Business Cards only $15, but you must call 720-542-6105!!!
Am I considered old at 39? A yes.
Keep those questions coming in! We've got some good ones so far!! Remember...ask ANYTHING.....
when I don't know the language I do
Yeah I totally do that all the time. I try not to do it in public though.
Master's proposal hearing. Finally Sept 19th!
you did good though! Fun to watch the contest!
tell justin that i`m in love with him.
Expand your rational prospects by joining a distance-learning plan. We are linked only with the best schools in the nation....
Gold (continued): 2) lack of original argument, 3) disorganized presentation of the material, 4) internal contradictions.
Send away my friend. 😉
Tomorrow at 1030 bring your preschooler to Lets Get Moving with My Gym! Hear a story on being active & play with fitness equipment!
That Others May Live
Nobody laughed besides me so thts good aha
yo. we should hang.
hi there! Safe and happy trip to LA and LV. Hope to catch u for a moment:) luv, v
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: When working - eliminate all distractions. That means no television in the background.
all I want is a mermaid braid
In love with the Justin Bieber perfume.
I swear you break my heart again everyday..
You can kick me when I’m down, but when I get up…you better run motherfucker!
Pulling hard for the 49ers in this one. & know what I mean.. Damn Giants fans
No school for me today, home sick:(
im almost to 40,000 tweets guise.
More rain!
happy birthday yesterday!
Dayum lol I know I keep bugging you and I do apologize but you're the only knowledgeable person that I know for the time being
Absolutely! Especially for all the #Giantsfans RT Another morning to love
My man!
both look stunning! :*
LMAO i agree she made it really far
I don't think it's exactly the same: We can get better students, and play more of a role in admissions process. [1/2]
Oh don't worry, I knew you were crazy when you took time to prove your sanity. It's okay though, you're in good company.
#ilookedforward to summa.. camping, boating, hanging out w/ friends, roadtrips, etc....
If a pitcher hits you, an excellent way to get back at him is to STEAL HOME
the one by my house... off of 45
“: Gettin drunk at Caesars palace” did the real caesar live there!?
Those people that try to be slick and talk shit
Can not wait for my golf lesson tomorrow morning 😄
So nice out ☺☺
Tons of great questions on I-9s from our attendees. Love to see them involved in the #BestSeminar!
Your making my day!!!!
another little cupcake shop closed. when will these businesses learn that you need 18 months of cash to make a new store work.
some people shouldn't even be allowed to use certain words, lol.
been a long day! Night
One of the best songs ever!
Got into the Wraith of Heros Beta. Enjoy it so far.
Whatcha doing for #SuperBowl?? Having a gr8 party? Tell me about it &we might go live on @ Ur house after the game!
Where my strong independent motivated ladies at??? Let's party :)
Yes, that's my fav pic of them cuz of that very reason! ;-) I tweeted it in honor of my grandfather, who passed this morning!
Hiring for a Mid-Level Network Engineer (w/ Juniper experience) with an awesome title: Assistant Director of Infrastructure. Salary is at 6…
we proudly donate a portion of every panty sale to the charitable organizations that make a difference in all of our lives. It's that easy!
I hope I did not sound mad tweet before last about Whitney Houston. I am just sad that is all. Sorry for the use of to many !!!
Going to get my Turbo Kick Instructor certification this weekend!! Have you ever wanted to teach exercise classes? What's holding you back?
ok I will and the omegas r steppin in suits! Hahaha but come on the promenade when its over
Thank god she's not pregnant.
i want a dog. BAD.
I can't even imagine.
Just stick with the whiskey bro RT : Is Bud Ice a ghetto beer?
wait a second... you're in NYC! you're just a hop away!
That freaky tweet you secretly like ;p
just one big ball of information
OMG! How exciting! This is getting better and better! Can't wait to see you. you must go now!
Distributor Quick Poll. Do u have a "go to" industry magazine (or website) that u always read to be up-to-date on trends and industry news?
If you are a knick fan and you hate on melo at anytime, please take your Knicks jersey off and become a nets fan.
Be selfish about what you let in your mind. Focus only on what you want. Use
Attitude determines altitude.
#Top100Lies "I'm sorry."
Anyone who is wrapped up in themself makes a mighty small package.
CM Spelman up first. Commends staff on work.
Come down to tonight for after-party! Starts around 12:30 a.m. Get yo moe face on!
Making breakfast =]
“ I dislike being told what to do but i like structure...is that odd?..”
Schweeeeeeeet! I'm pretty much right across the street from Magazine Poboy Shop.
Early a.m. behind the scenes tour with my niece and work to do before sleep. Finding the balance with life and life.
In what circumstances does one need a Hummer with off road wheels to visit the local zoo
please follow us on twitter
hahaha that's a great idea by Bryan
it's so true. I give up, all I'm going to listen to anymore is james gang, childish gambino and the "go" soundtrack
I will be tweeting from this account dont worry
Dinner at Marisquiera Bistro in Aspinwall tonight. You know it will be good.
I make hataz disappear!!!
I also laugh for no reason [: , lmao !!
& also a great person :) I mean a girl can look good & B da hottest but if her attitude ain't just as equal then she UGLY hehe
I thought I had a good vocab. But some of the words bein thrown around in this class is making me think otherwise...
Howdy!! Thanks for the RT!
My mouth is in so much pain...
"The Tree Of Life" = Amazing
Are you dolphin still? We have presents for you!
Low key I miss #OOMF even tho she thinks I'm a loser
and you're passing through Kentucky, right? I miss you!
life is all about moments of impact. <3
Nicole, you twerp, you totally blew it tonight. Rachel totally blew us away - the choice was SO clear... Argh! Rachel rocked!
going to be down in nyc at the end of the month would love to go to one ! ;)
Soon the Nazis will do a dos-a-dos in Germany, while our victorious troops will be grasping the hands of their comrades of Russia. [1945]
My job causes me to want to drink.
That's what Google Voice is for. Prank away!
the person i want to text me doesnt but plenty of folks i dnt feel like talkin to call me! :/ the universe hates me
Nights ...drivin round like 2night is why I love the DMV....beautiful sights & hiddn secrets all ova....wish I had my camera I'd take a walk
fine with me. It's more fun in person.
LIU Blackbirds a 16? What a joke!
believes marriage equality supporters r everywhere and any vote against equality is just acknowledgement that we r on the path to equality.
Couldn't have asked for a better ending to the half
Don’t be mad when she finally lets go and ends up with someone who actually gives a damn about her.
Standing ovation for Kinsey Wilson at Online Journalism Awards
The weekend is coming and that means....you guessed it, "Jazz Jazz Jazz!"
RT: Show her everyday that you love her.
No thanks
Me retiro...PARTY ROCK!
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
It's hilarious how similar Spurs and Arsenal are and how much shit we talk to each other.
NY NY big city of dreams..things ain't always what it seems.
": Monte Ball got arrested at mifflin?"<<< naw he got a ticket for $429
Goodmorning young world!.. Getting some early breakfast!! In well need of an energy boost!!! Then next stop is
Somebody has me wide awake with all these questions haha her lame a**
Listening to Whitney and remembering how much The Greatest Love Of All touched me during a tough time in my life - on
We appreciate the mention about the article!
'hahahs lolz! I'm so high I just text laughed in two different ways'
Luckily, there's drinkies later tonight and I will have some.
Might move to NC....kinda excited if it happens!
actual name is Brandy
After #JerseyShore of course ☺
Whose coming to #Vegas this weekend?
I gotta check that doc! Her tumblr is incredible! #motivation indeed!
The Milwaukee Card, FREE for local businesses!!!
your welcome :) ! Its crazy weather i swear LOL Good morning
Pretty awesome last day in colorado hanging with #Nuggs and #Rox both lost but the company was top notch!
Reminds me it's time for lunch.
I said I that was dragging today. However, everyone heard that I was a dragon today! Now that is pretty cool.
Want to talk to you about an event this summer, who do we get with for that??
still wanna get a guest vocal spot on my next album with you, recording this summer. Interested?
Discipline yourself to prepare for presentations. Practice out loud until you are totally in sync with what you're going to say.
Hurricane #Ike is now about 30 miles south, south-east of Galveston Island. Still 110 mph Cat. 2 and moving to the NW at 12 mph
7.5 hours of still images of a digital clock (one every 5 sec) successfully downloaded onto my computer.
If the A/C at this graduation ceremony gets any colder, I will be able to turn chairs to ice with my bare hand.
What did you think of the show?
Just shows the intellect of peeps down here
it makes me happy knowing i'm married to freddie mercury in my heart
heard you guys killed it this weekend. Looking forward to the new album!
You know every time I hear the song " im sexy and i know it" all i think about is Pretty sure they wrote that just for him
Got 450 pictures in my phone. Some of this nonsense has to go now.
Halyn JUST finally picked out a church outfit....an HOUR later....haha! :) She's feeling so special !💛💜
The last school night ever :((((((
I got 1/4 local cow for ~$400 last year. Doing it again. Best decision I've ever made. Beats store-bought meat hands(hooves?)-down!
I will never give up on him, he's my world. So stop asking why I put up with the bs.. It's worth it.
on right now! i'm going through Once Upon A Time, Desperate, GCB, The killing & Mad men before i take on #gameofthrones!
Happy Friday, busy day today.
I'll Have Another wins.
Portsmouth Pro Hoops Review for all free agents looking to pursue a pro bball career is on April 12-13 in Portsmouth,VA...ABIbasketball.com
Get so lonely in these physics classes since stopped coming to class...
No illegals....No burritos....
what would you guys rather see? You like the Reebok stuff? I'm mostly excited New Era is taking over the hats.
Random Twitter users, follow and un-follow me all you like, it's not going to make me follow you back.
Residence halls are open during the break and residential staff are on duty and available to assist residents if needed.
So looking forward to speaking to Suzanne Evans' 10K Club about philanthropy this week. More will be revealed!...
Chugged three Dr. Pepper's in a row without burping...now i feel the heartburn coming on and i'm burping till His Kingdom comes! Lol
therapy for a really tough day at work? your two year old playing the harmonica. both in and out breathing. like a blues club. fantastic.
US-MX #desal projects a priority for this week's #Border Governors Conference. Stupid when so much treated water is dumped into the ocean.
I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell. I know right now you can't tell. But stay awhile and baby then you'll see a different side of me.❤
Ah yes, the very talented - I just wasn't sure if she did work au gratis...
Okay then!! Haha Love you buddy! xoxo
Happy 4/20! Just kidding! That's trashy. #⬆TheInfluence
*~stayed home from school 2day didnt feel like gettin up so mi mama let meh stay home...(=~*
if you buy a piece of my package I DMed you I can send refunds via Lock
where is point 8 address this evening?
we got our tix for Chicago, but wouldn't turn down the afterparty ;)
Nice job #Sabres !
I'm hoping to get a plo8 game going
Hey Wild Things fan: Check out a new member of our team-> Give him a 'follow' and check out what he has to say!
Mad shout out to just that addiction to sexy i can't help it
she's getting a ring
Tip your waiters! Thank you!
I lose a different pencil like every single day
Everyone has abs. It's just that most of us have a generous layer of body fat that is shielding our abs from the world.
I am a man am I a carrier? Anything like the swine flu? A lot of women would probably say man flu is a lot like the swine flu.
That looks like future you.
Happy Holidays, everyone! TGP will be closed Christmas Eve & Christmas Day!
that's awesome. how's the job search going?
yeah it shows! I hate when refs try n decide games. WACK!
#sexyfor30 tonight.... Oh lord.
Do they share any common traits that led to termination? Was something missed in the interview process? What to avoid?
my favorite Christmas movie... #You'llShootYourEyeOut!
Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly? Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad idea. Please. No.
lime mexican grill
Nothing like starting the morning off w/ some hard core training.... Next 3hrs gym time cardio, weights and of course abs.... Lego
A professional growth opportunity.. Bilingual Toastmasters of Milwaukee. Whether or not you are fluent in Spanish or English, it is a great…
Lysa's son is CRAZY, too. But Lysa is WAY CRAZIER. #GameOfThrones 105.
We are going to have fun, for sure! Cya soon!
Jeremy Rice is watching #Hockey #NYR #RANGERS #OT Soccer on Ice
My tummy hurts
haha ya I like England I would love 2 go again :)
...but y are we txting AND talking on twitter tho lmao
Seen a shirt today that said "Lol @ your SWAG.' Lmao.
I'm not a hooker! I just like to dress like one.
girls aren't complicated, you just have to learn to pay attention!
i just don't understand. I must have done some fucked up shit in a past life.
Home from a great soccer win (5-1) and then team drinks at speak easy. Me very tired now. Night!
I'm crying right now cuz this song is so emotional.
fun! I love Wen.
I'm at General Session 1
Give us a call when you do. RT “: I having a feeling im going be in a car accident soon.. Idk why”
Today, the Oprah Winfrey show called the Newark Public Library's reference desk for assistance.
Our song 'Mama Don't Cry For Me' about autism is almost at 500 downloads! Awesome! Download for free@ www.harkerwolfley.com
i finally get 's great song "Engines Make Me Hot" i'm on episode 8 of Firefly. [:
just saw Sideways again at local indy cinema. Wonderful. Your monologue is magical even after several viewings.
I wonder how old brother is?
I have to kneel in order to dunk a basketball
At halftime of bout 1, the BH Code Blue Assassins lead the Battlestars 51-40. Great skating by both teams so far. Not in the books yet!
thanks! I appreciate it.
-- ooh, are you the street code guy? What's this I hear about it already being used in Pioneer Square?? Do you have more info?
the test is impossible!
Me to
#FF for my most important twitter-friend !! follow her she is great<3
We Are In BETA on This Account We Are Building it Up for Your Best Service &Support US As Well
After all these years, David Wilcox's "Underneath" is still one of the most perfect songs, ever.
But what about the December #jmoms? D: SPACE tour is more worth it then...
When searching "careers" on Pinterest for work, the only thing that came up were the Careers from Districts 1 & 2 in Hunger Games...
In my eyes a real man respects a women , he doesnt cry -.- 😠... So a " real man cries ( but hits his wife also)" thats not right .
One of the secrets to the passion in my business is to never let go of the 12 yr old child, who still loves to color
Yes big time rush won !!!
Stupid shit. Every time.
: We are gonna need a report on the brother-in-laws phone ordeal ===> Thanks for the Re-Tweet!
#10YearsAgo we were located in the Rock Pointe buildings ... now we're in our beautiful downtown office space and loving it!
Flanagan came under fire after his decision bc he signed a Walker recall petition, but did not disclose it. Walker is named in the suit.
1 of the most important things I've learned about acting is that u can't separate how u live your life and how u practice ur art -Larry Moss
thanks. I'm really excited about the future.
Thanks Andrea! You're my 1st Pinterest buddy :) Great pins, by the way. Did you make that tye-died quilt?
u look good
Personalization fail: I just received a marketing email with the subject line "firstname: (no subject)"
Of course I forgot the boutonniere at home!! ugh
Hm, I apparently don't have invites to give. I was able to get in by signing up for Klout.
Unfortunately, not this year. We're hoping to have something for next year's campaign.
I thought the same thing, and then I realized there are so many things I want to accomplish tomorrow for which I must prepare.
Still haven't heard from regarding my PSP incident. Looks like I'll be shopping elsewhere from now on.
i'm 100% on-board with you... I just think you're a little overly optimistic. We'll get our change... in 25 yrs.
awkward? i think NOT.
do any of the graduates there have facial features?
Another day, another webinar... This time, QR codes in libraries
- Yep. LL Brown is sick. Love the promo graphics too.
Agree. Even if you don't like the story it's disrespectful to be negative. It takes courage to publish & that deserves respect
Just started season 4 of shits about to get real
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU!! LETS BE PART OF YOUR TEAM, OUR GOAL IS TO HELP YOU TO INCREASE YOUR HOMES POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE.
Auditioning is like dating. You buy a special new outfit, give it your best shot, feel hopeful and elated when it goes well,
Home again, home again with
Forgot to mention it was Anamorphic, as in 35mm Anamorphic. What just happened?!? Amazing.
Turkey to Mongolia! Composing the movie score now!
Are you looking for low cost spay/neuter services in central Ohio? Check out our Resource page for links to area service providers!...
I like desirable calamity, makes me think of Calamity Jane and the women of the Gold Rush era.
Sorry Chip, that's #followfriday Forgot to add the OB. He is tops as the first 2 report #sportsnews -gets the scoop!
its ok. just remember my b-day is november 23 and tell everybody on twitter for me g2g *hugs*
all them girls was trash lol Id take ma weave out fa dice lol I aint ashamed I still got long hair boo lmao
Mint Condition coming to Showbox Market on July 20th! Wuuuuuut!?
ok cause I wanna hangout and go running!
Our sub bus driver is freaking the f*ck out. Geeze, calm down lady
i'm a riot in the streets, and you're a cheap little whore.
Super windy in Seattle also. Just make sure that store doesn't lose power!
Watch today talking about & abused/neglected/abandoned kids.
What a beautiful day - flowers everywhere!
has a Texan I am shocked we lost this contest to LA
Bout to go in on this #MERCY y'all ain't ready maaaaaannnnnn!!!!!!
How much are the oil companies making? Something to think about when you're paying $4.00 plus. tonight 5pm
Having a Queeb filled road trip.
Jen sucked last night. Yay Elise!
Paul Van Dyke Tonight @ Myst! Get tickets @ tickets.slentertain.com P. Code 0317 before u pay the door cover! HIt me up @(602)882-0317..
Bout to head out to wildcat warehouse in madisonville to stand in line to get my sons first autograph from
Girl in a coma in the morning \m/ fucking rad
When do you ever want to talk about it. ?
LMAO :) I know :) #TweetDelete! didn't know if I took that one 2 far. Love Ya'll
We're holding an open house at our office in the loop on Friday. Msg or DM me if you want to come by and I'll send you a link.
Wilson's hot tamales donate's pledge to feedthechildren.org|play60.com please be aware make a donation thank you mr.wilson$$$$
Granted we kept it close n prolly coulda won if that bs goaltending call on randolphs shot was awarded... but bring em on
WELCOME TO MIAMI FLORIDA AUSTIN <3
you shouldn't bragg about something that doesn't even belong to you
I texted my mama at like 3 o'clock and told her I was home. Why she JUST text me back and say "ok" ? lmao
Thanks, Mike. It's the little victories that start to add up and make things better. Good stuff. Hope you are well!
Yea, tomorrow is good :)
Exhibit hall is open. SWAG TIME!
Passion is ten times sadder without the music in the background...but it still gets me every time.
S/O to for rocking a dope 16 on this record! Be on the lookout for her on ISMCV4, too!!!
It's almost 2am and I'm bumping the shit out of this show in my Living Room. My neighbors gotta be pissed.
Do people roller blade there? I used to love roller blading back in the day.
BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?
#TeamFollowBack #TeamFollowForFollow #FollowForFollow @ me when u've already #followed so I can #follow u back!
can you give me an example of a book that is for "all time?"
Sent Matt to the store to pickup Hershey's chocolate syrup.
Thought for the day: U can't be unhappy while smiling or singing.Strong connection b/w living healthfully & having cheerful outlook on life!
At #WorldofDance with
follow back? :) please.
Cathy and I have successfull moved to xbox w/ Hulu Plus for all our video consumption.
Please say you can live tweet this! I've alerted the media (via FB)
if they ever put it out i will let you know what i think of it!
$3. Just read you are 8,000 times more likely to be murdered or struck by lighting twice before winning lottery.
Listening to Stone founder of Twitter talk on Content as a Means for Social Change
will u tweet me a sexy pic?
The phone works both ways...
I love my hometown Bearcats all the way!!!!!
No! dusted grated cheese w/flour. Heated wine to boil. Combined slowly while stirring. Melted but kept wanting to separate. ?
"i will be back to the philippines this saturday! just letting you know" tweeted by Dumbo Poreotics!!!!!!
Fairview beats Grand Junction 3-0 to advance in 5A girls soccer playoffs.
Well now that is all taken are of, road tripping to Topeka with Look out cornfields!
my day is all off today, woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Congrats on the goal. Here's to a ssafe trip! Glad to have you in Philly.
<--- Needs to get out more and meet new punky/gothy/people who like what I like, FRIENDS (and pretty boys LOL.)
Thanks for all the #occupywallstreet updates!
you can't take like 2 seconds to get food? It's not even 9:30. Haha
what would you want to know about proxy baptisms and the Prophet? Why would that change anything?
SPAM (not the food) should be illegal!
Lucky you! I just arrived in Washington DC and drove around with hopelessly lost taxi driver!
The Breakfast Meeting: Touch-Ups at Teen Magazines, and Goldman&#39;s Friendly Face
Yes, I saw you! Darn it, we'll have to meet at some future meeting.
Good morning....
:))) what about boy
Excited yet nervous for orientation and training tomorrow! Hope everything goes well. Wish me luck!
Really tough break for #goSpursgo last night-as PTI noted tonight: Ginobili's broken hand is a real loss for Spurs, especially with only 66.
I will be releasing a new song very soon! I also send free new songs to my mailing list. You can sign up here: www.tiffanyparke ...
One word: STARVING.
I'm surrounded by them!
Top food thinkers to present this Saturday. EWG's Ken Cook among the speakers
thank you!!
actually I'm just planning to steal some from your office.
Ethiopian women are "beautiful"!!!
Love how #Congress applauds #POTUS when he calls them a bunch of dummies.
“: I NEED to take a damn nap”
LOL. This RT : I'm confused. Isn't traditional marriage when you don't have sex?
Just watched my Favorite rapper's Hologram. it look so real, i started crying. I miss tupac. ThUG Life!
Going to sleep guys but i'll write up a post tomorrow about pat's birthday present! night guys!
ha! confirmed!
#IWantYouTo be true to yourself & love you for who you are.
I love you Kevin ! you're AWESOME ♥
I Swear I Catch Like 3 Flights A Month Smh
I haven't. What is her blog address?
have you ever noticed the warnings on the shredder? there's a little person. Don't shred children?
We should take our show on the road!!
#InstantTurnOn: Serving a big powerful Koch.
Hi, I got the email before the outage but because I didn't download the attachment I can't get to them at the moment.
but they will be sure to add 30 more loud and annoying ex-athletes to their broadcasts.
thanks for supporting !
Obama and osama are spelled alot alike... Maybe this is not a good sign
RT : "Honk if you love Jesus. Text and Drive if you want to meet him."
yep almost anywhere you want. We deliver for over 150 restaurants in the Cleveland area
Future news: A Brit woman died skiing across #Antarctica : British woman heads for South Pole, attempting to ski solo across
I love you
Beautiful Avitar..love your swag!
im gonna tell u a fun fact: New Jersey was one of the thirten colonys ( ik i suck a facts oh well :) who cares)
Drinking Milwaukee's finest new beverage, the Ryan Braun, on the rocks.
Watching Meet the Press with Kinsley.
the second one from the right is a real dog. :)
I sent it ! Not that he's gonna reply though -__-
Tabatha's Salon Takeover!!
"Most of us spend too much time on the last twenty-four hours and too little on the last six thousand years." - Will Durant
You ok Super?
The Super Bowl is always boring. Always.
seriously. did he must have a block of mercury in his shoes.
Tip: A reliable contractor will display professionalism and quality workmanship.
A person who sits to watch to TV for three hours a day is 64% more likely to die from heart disease.
man Bud Powell can really help the writing flow!
Would you be willing to talk with us about bike theft this weekend?
how do you get here under my skin? something about you is so addictive, we're falling together, you'd think that by now i'd know
have fun tonight jess & happy new year! Loveyou<3
he is the x factor, the pick and roll runs so much better with him
We ALL have a few failures under our belt. It’s what makes us ready for the successes. ~Randy K. Milholland
They said this is their last show :( So glad I'm here!
NYC next week
Did I see that right? Some guy got an ESPN tat on his face? Uh, really?? Sounds like one of those decision he'll regret later in life.
Hope you guys are safe.. Crazy weather your way
Excellent! " My roommate watched all short films in one sitting wants to do it again! #goodword"
No Don't Go Way,Boy You Got My Heartbeat Runnin'Way!
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it."
Nice Trace!!! Looking forward to it! Lemme know when we gonna see in Venice?
Yes, I agree completely. It's like x-country skiing in the disparity between how it's perceived & its actual dynamic.
If we lived in a world filled with drones. We would live in a boring place. In my world we create. In your world, you dissipate. sorry.
lol loving it :)
Do you have a link for that spot?
We've yielded our coverage today to Tune in!
oh that is delicious.
:( well at least it'll get better
simply thrilled for the extension. Life is looking up
What was his name? I bet we can get him to be a Crew STH..
I'd love it if you would and apply for #b2B #sales positions at #ADP in #Princeton #NYC - Tweet me!
I put them by bed and by living room couch. Kitchen islands are handy place too.
Zeke has apparently given up sleep for lent...mine and his
is bad as shit !”) I will give up my left nut to have her for the NIGHT!”)
Stephen King marathon on Pet Sematary: Creepiest achilles tendon slicing in a horror movie.
Love that Morgan has no idea what Braveheart is when reporter asks about his Usain Bolt arrow pose. #fearthebeer 7-6 bottom of 9th.
Watching Republicans debate is both hilarious and pathetic. Also sad.
Who are the awkward looking gingers standing behind Barrett? You shouldn't be on camera
My pleasure! :-) RT : I know! Thanks for the ! Yum!
Q1) Tried one this year and was not very successful. 1 hr webinar is one thing, but 2.5 day conf. was conflicting with other work
Gallery hopping tonight, then Fells Point!
Ignore the risk, and take the fall, if it's ment to be, it's worth it all
I agree - we're just looking out over the ECC now!
happy thanksgiving to all . Im givin followbacks and shoutouts as thanksgiving gifts
I LOVE YOU OK
ohh.. And is THE best iPhone Twitter app!!
Disruptions: Tech Valuations Defy the Restraints of Reality
Dam Mya don't hurt nobody my favorite!!
RT : still playing with the juicer. mint, pear, vodka, sugar rim. this is going to be the best thing to happen to cocktail nights
the aunt flow heck no one was a point for me... or since we're 21 shall i say... you no longer count points.. but rather pints
What does anyone know about The Storehouse? One of ABQ's #1 givers to the less fortunate no matter what time of year it is.
Some say I'm heartless or even a bxtch ;
"I'm going to raise my own debt ceiling. Might put in a fan, too." -- Jim Fletcher []
Okay so this girl needs to get out the shower so I can continue to get ready.
So many options going INTO and OUT OF the high screen and roll for the Spurs. That's good basketball.
Sure...only if I can wear a Duck's shirt ;)
Maybe you can use them for your next report lol.
In the spirit of progress and moving forward we should DEFINITELY let Rose Bowl/P12/B1G make sure everything stays the same
Rep. Clyburn, former secretary of education Riley, and talking to students in SC.
morning bookie! & up da street from my neighborhood!
When you go from talking to someone every single day to nothing at all
Ok, seeing a lot of hand-held devices and e-readers at CES, but some are confusingly large or missing features...any predictions, people?
Np Alicia keys - distance & time
Fields come on now
haha i guess. Although having long hair is kinda annoying sometimes...I always just want to chop it all off...but i'll regret it.
Welcome and big hugs! Barbara
I really don't appreciate you going on a tweet spree when I'm asleep. Let me know next time. Don't leave me hanging bro.
Just got a ticket....lovin life....
RT “: This company -->>>> supports hate with ads on Rush Limbaugh. #stoprush #P2”
Disappointed w/ the #ISOJ12 mobile panel's navel-gazing back-pat session after shared some actual thought.
Sad i wont be drinking wine at the presidents house tonight ...
RT : Attention FL fetish folk, dommes and escorts: stay the fuck away from anyone requesting outcall sessions to Polk.
Happy Graduation Day ! You should be proud of your amazing accomplishment, love you!
0.o how does that happen?
nevermind. I should have paid better attention.
Well #rookie mistake it's 2:33 on shot chug.
Atmospheres Family Sign has become one of my favorite .
savannah.. he was lying haha
The AZ Debate is giving me a headache :-/
Be brave. Go outside of your library for marketing. Be a part of the community and let the community promote for you.
With my freeze ray I could stop -- the world
#Moonshine is awesome! Thanks for hosting our fundraiser..
2LiveCrew 12" thesaurus post feminism remix RT : Face down, ass up, that's the way we like to critique patriarchal hegemony.
OMG WTF NOT OF YOU IN THE SHOWER !!! of whatever you buy ..
Ok tornados touching down near Arlington let me get my ass home ASAP!!!
Grilling out tonight. Q, bong, jenni. The usual suspects.
but yesterday you had a great fitness evail, I'd say your results are pretty awesome! #keepyourchinup :)
Hey everyone waiting on 8th street for come across the street to Champion and see some art to pass the time. Free!
Yahoo! Thanks for including us! RT : Dinner date tonight with my bestfriend!(:
5 mph on the 405. Take THAT Mother Nature!
Thank you to those who have messaged us and told us their opinions regarding our music!
Shocked #oomf actually hit me up....cuz he good for standin me up.
For the month of February, buy 1 cup or cone & get 50% off your second cup or cone! That's a lot of yogurt, people.
The realization that you have potato salad in your fridge. c:
NF one of my ELITE bxtchesss :-*
The acting from William Hurt and Glenn Close on season 2 of Damages is brilliant
so sorry. I guess I got a little fired up at the idea, unaware about impact on nearby eardrums. Pardon me. :(
88's not a rookie either so ppl expect better play. RT : He's only 24 No. But #88 underperformed.
oh! I was just making sure! He said there's a chance of you hating me and I didn't know why?
Chillin but focused.
Happy Birthday my dear! Have a great day! Hope you are enjoying it!
off his new cd
Like a wise man once said "I gotta keep mah pimp hand strong"
why do you let Lampley be a commentator for Roach fighters?
Oh...they charge every time you play it?! Wow. I thought it was a one time charge.
The Pacers are getting home cooking... In MIAMI!!
the 2006 primary I presume you mean..
ha! that's about what I was thinking ;)
it was a vote not a rotation.
Could you please turn the heat lamps on? It's getting chilly and I'm kinda a wimp.
notice how Cox and Curry gave credit to Washburn? Who's the DC again?
Have to shop for company this weekend. Will have about 12 people coming to stay. I LOVE hostessing & cooking & making people comfy. :)
Don't you cry, tonight. There's a Heaven above you, baby.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
just DMed ya'
ever since the concert in Indy, I've had "Drops of Jupiter" in my head nonstop!!!!
lol , this is super funny
Studio time
READY 2 RIDE!
The most loaded Security Question ever: "With whom did you go (or want to go) to the prom?"
Happy Star Wars Day!
Brad Ross on right now on NW Sports Tonight
the sad
The same bees they unleash at the never-ending US Dept of Ed meetings? :-)
who are you
Got a bunch of homework that's due tomorrow.
Good point! What's hypocrisy worth if it isn't genuine?
I like the way you guys think!
Hey , safe sledding tonight!
Today on Updates from the Realms 8am PST we're talking #Ascension and Integrity. Be sure to tune in for this Inspiring Hour....
More sage advice from my over 20 years and 300 project experience tomorrow.
Let's go Dawgs!!
he's actually Katy Perrys DJ
my girlfriend doesn't wanna text me.. so I'll just lay here.
im sad .
I hate school
Not gonna lie, I wanna pleasure myself to my baseball lineup
I thought jack frost was supposed to be a nice winter movie about a boy and his snowman dad... not a physco
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
WE'll have a NEW 4 SONG EP available at the show Friday!!! YAY!!!!
Last full day in Seattle and the weather is gorgeous! Working on my final Immersion project outside.
RT So, we are thinking about taking down the Christmas tree this weekend. On the other hand, only 10 mnths til Christmas 2012
two kids thy don't even know their real dad
Sometimes I don't fit in with my long distant aunts/uncles :/ .
I wish the show was outdoors today that'd be soo nice
follow back
she's probably never heard a suicide silence song in her whole life, it's so annoying -_-
Obvi. You didn't have to tell me that. RT My grandmama is a gangsta!
be ready for #shuffleboard tonight!!
CEO Says Nokia Needs Big Change
Great advice from at lunch: Break down the work-life balance and just be yourself in all aspects of your life.
Good day everyone!!!! I hope #EcoMonday has been swell.
RT : CAMERA HELP does anyone with a Canon camera have any lens suggestions? I know nothing about what I'm looking
Hybrid design isn’t just for cars… Solid state arrays meet robust scale-out SAN data services. NEW LeftHand P4900
IF RNG LEAVES, OMFG I DNT EVEN KNOW. IN A WAY, ITS LIKE IB FINALE ALL OVER AGAIN
jus got off. work
that's what we love about Chicago-great buildings hiding around every corner.
Don't push the elevator button. I am standing here. I already pushed it
let biznasty play!!!!!
“: I wish I remembered my MySpace password.” wish I remembered my access code on my answering machine, #landline!
Taylor Swift and her band are a class act! Congrats on her accomplishments.
It really was, and so delicious! “: you are very welcome and it's so easy!”
nope did Eric ?
thanks for checking us out!!!!
Woohoo! We'd love to see pics! RT : So glad that temp tattoos arrived. I might wear one awards
Bill Raftery with the Homer shout out! cc:
now I just need to be extra active :-P
We were screaming the same thing!
Yes, eating chips now. But they're mostly carrot chips.
#ThankYouBreAnna -- BreAnna is a 16yr old girl who is taking care of a single pregnant belieber/simpsonizer named Emily <3
...fire lit on ass...lol
Just saw a commercial about "Stompeez!" and they have slippers called "Sir One-Eyed Monster". And we wonder why our youth is so advanced, ha
THEY BETTER WIN TONIGHT OR ILL BE MAD JUST Alittle
At least I can always remember the model of my first car: none.
5 DAYS UNTIL THE TEXAS TESTOSTERONE FESTIVAL! (Oh dear. Just made a mess. Putting that one at the BOTTOM of the hamper.
is to Apps, what DeLorean was to cars. Cool, fun and stylish then run into the ground... Well minus the cocaine charges
$10 for 1 Month Unlimited Tanning & Gym Membership ($65 value)
RT:I Always Clutch Doe RT:There's a team in la that will be losing today
Researchers propose giving out statins with fast food to combat the cholesterol...what about all the other health issues?...
cuz I wanted to!!!
Your new best friend
Are you watching SNL?
New headshots at work means new Twitter photo! Love the purple background!
Everyone should go wish a very Happy Birthday to one of my bestfriends, :)
Ah... Equal Pay Day... we meet again and you're as tough as ever :(
Caramel bugles FTW.
Thanks boys! :) RT : Everyone go listen to They're sick. Thanks
Aw I love my man so much! Always knows what to say! Im a lucky girl! Except when he gets me mad :P
"Ladies and Gentleman, please give it up for our friend Taylor Swift" -Joe Jonas...[Su pelicula en 3D] Friend!?!??! Are U kidding me!!!??
and should both be in the top 13.
Thanks for the RT! :)
X games yea baby!
Working both weekend nights but not to worried about it cause I'll have all my energy saved for SUPER BOWL SUNDAY
Retail therapy is the best!
I love the curly hair on you
do 9 seasons. Fucking classic show.
Maximilian Schich will speak on “Understanding the Ecology of Art History”, 4:00 Tues. Dec.13th. John Hay Library
Thanks - a pleasure to chat with you!
RT ": thanks again for not going public with all the nude photo's you took of me!!”
He Had Addias On With No Socks -__- .
Congrats on #10000 wins from The Cincy Brass!
heading to little old Scotland next year! I'll have to pop into this pub!
I guess my brothers at that age though. -_-
I hate feeling like the odd one out!
G2G see you later twitter got school ah hate Monday's hope I get follows I follow you back I promise ;)
#ARTTHOUGHTZ, for real. Can they? I often wonder how deliberate these actions can be.
And the reality is that govt will one way or another! But if we stopped paying folks 2 hav kids! Things would change!
I really wish my trip "up north" was this weekend and not next. I could totally go for some Christiano's Pizza. m...pizza.
can't believe I am already planning holiday schedule with family! not even halloween! but i will be prepared!
Yeah, AirPlay has been iOS only so far, though a few 3rd-party developers have added unofficial support.
im going to cry ...
well done Sir.
…cont) started 2 pinch her dirty white cheeks
wait, you're with now? That's awesome!
Fantastic! Shared it everywhere!
Back to school shopping
Bo ryan is getting railed on #mikeandmike get him guys!
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)9
also in Dublin til Sunday. If you have free time let me know! (assuming you mean Ireland)
i wasn't trying to throw the kitchen sink at him as much as I was trying to tell him I had a kitchen sink
I wish YOU still followed me & I wish YOU still talked to me & liked all my tweets.. Hopefully YOU know who YOU are.?
pizza with chopped steak, shrimp and a side of mac n cheese
So glad you like it! I LOVE your ProTecht shampoo compliments
“Dancers shouldn’t be dancers if they don’t love the dailiness of it." - Merce Cunningham
Goodmorning ppl! =) So happy me and bby are taking a visit back to my City.....San Antonio. I was just starting to miss that place! =)
That is too cool. Did you have fun at the luncheon?
aye what up girls? :)
I read today, "The capacity for delight is the gift of paying attention."
"I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself."
Saw that "Yesterday's Future"! Trying to see if I can. Tough, hubs gone and Will leaves 7:45 then 1 hr drive.
with and ready for first drink!!
good grief Sarah, if you only knew the inferiority complex ppl in MKE & WI already have about that.
Awesome! So excited--I will get you something soon! Thanks so much!
ON AUGUST 10,2011, THE FIRM FAMILY WILL BE HOSTING AN ANNIVERSARY PARTY FOR D*N DILLINGER AT THE G-CLUB DOORS OPEN @ 9:00 P.M.
Cambridge..thanks for allowing me to study at for my finals...Blasting techno sure does the trick
no problem :D
You go girl!! Break-a-leg on your test!
Starting to read actors with director Tom Prewitt for "Bobby Gould in Hell" by David Mamet!
I love as much as the next web head, but their headlines are such link bait. like: "8 Hnady Styluses to Boost Your Creativity"
if u get em let me borrow em
says "I'm busy in here...my P31 list is so long"
yes. and one time I tweeted about the ABBAMania tix and got a snotty response from the MKE rep.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT I'M FRAMING THAT TWEET
Today in 1840, German Physicist Friedrich Wilhelm Georg Kohlrausch born. Kohlrausch investigated the properties of electrolytes.
Contracts, websites, new designs, sick kid, editing film, hungry hubby & I will still get my 3 mile run in b4 midnight!
It would be really nice if I could not drop food on myself everytime I eat
Two nuclear reactors now taken off line Va! Well, news is saying no Sunami should hit!
I wish you could've too!!!! Hopefully next week you can go!!
We were SO excited, Steve!! Track has been great for Lexi on many levels.
omg yes let go cart
you used to be the shit now you aint shit
me to
Need to get out of jersey city ASAP not trying to spend me summer here
hahahah love you!
Ok I'm going to try this again, lol. Night guys :)
You know it's going to be a classy conference when a homophobic company's bovine mascot greets you.
Morning ! Its gonna be a hot ol' day !
hello friends! thanks for following! -nhf
if i could do one thing over in my life I would be a better father
Happy Birthday Chicago!!! Incorporated as a city on March 4, 1837. Also, ALA's headquarters are located in this beautiful city.
Hmm, go for it! You've been single for too damn long.
Anything on tv tonight?
Enjoying summer sun in the backyard.
2nd Fav look of the night is Gweneth Paltrow in the incredible Mr.Ford
Intense 30 minute 7 cup epsom salt bath! Itchy scalp...should have washed the salt off? Yeppers!
There is never too much to write. That's called SEO.
Claire Danes nipple!
Hey do u still talk 2 the nene and dem.
LMFAO ... RT This just isn't my day... It could be raining titties and I'd get hit in the head with a dick...
Everyone is responsible for security. Many attacks from USB & external drives. Educate your staff.
desired dates are available...pls spread word to your clients about my new summer dates
... the roads aren't that bad! Make it happen!
So far! Thanks for checking
Oh, I see, Verizon is now calling their legacy data network "NationalAccess". I guess that means it's their fallback when EVDO is absent.
Could someone please PM me the URL for a video stream of the Colorado / Houston Dynamo game?
Can't wait for #secretlife tomorrow already have it set to
We have been live for only 5 days and already have 153 followers!! Can't wait to see you all on April 5th for
I'm dumb as shit for jus puttin my JR in the bathtub wit his socks on...smdh
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit. -- Aristotle
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Absolute EyeCare.
depends on what it looks like...
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Deep Blue Organ Trio arriving Detroit. Playing the Fox Theater tonight, 8 pm. Opening for Steely Dan!
We may always wonder about the "what if's" but we learn to live in the present, not the past
Downloading now....
...#StillWaitingForMyBusPickup....You KNOW you wanna take a wrong turn & end up in Indiana, RIGHT? I need a 2nd drumstick...
haha ok lets take a break from the tweeting soo i wont go in tj
LOTS from inc 4 founders MT great presentation @ #ibmimpact! C U R based in Pgh. Wondering if any of my CMU colleagues there.
At Escondit for dinner & drinks with my buddies!
Hump day @ the Farm..get your week moving & come in to pick up our strain of the day; Island Dawg!
from the looks of it you weren't even considered her "texting buddy" you were straight up ignoring her :x
yes, their Santa Rosa spot is the bomb! I schedule extra time to stop in each week...such a good vibe!
Having drinks with April, archivist extraordinaire at NASA!
I used to be a Jerk too... But then I grew up. I think it's time you do the same.
lol madison is my bff <3 pisces and taurus rule the world 2012 shes just perf i mean look at her plus shes so cute <3
No problem. Drop me a line at and we'll make a plan.
at the new office = the best Friday!
Too Many To Count. Who Wants To Know?
taking pictures or our awesome country.
Mf , I Ben Wondering This Exact Same Thing For The Last Four Years!
sounds like a Harry Potter spell.
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage."
let me know how it is though if you cop.
I love it when software automatically does the right thing.
You look amazing! You should just wear that everywhere. Church anyone?
wow!!! I kept getting bees in my house a few wks ago-there was a colony trying to make a hive-we killed like 300
you are far too kind! P.S. - We need to hang out soon! :D
well hello there...I wondered where you were!
Ariana may be a pretty face, with a nice voice to YOU. But to ME she's a caring, young girl from Florida who became my hero.
omg I would cry.
What an exhausting day. Baking baking and more baking.
WATCHING OKC VS LA & WORKING ON SET FOR UPCOMING SHOW
RT Use all mechanisms at your disposal. Don't just post vids on YouTube, add links 2 FB & Twitter, etc. -
You didn't have Passover at 's place... chocolate- and caramel-covered matzo... amazing.
my phone is about to DIIIIIIIIIIEEEE 😢📱
Not many people are followed by both and
watch 'Meet The Robinsons'.
I have seen the work you've done Mr. Crowe, and it amazing. I was wondering if you could help me just this once, thank you
Who do you think is the funniest WWE superstar??
What brings you to the left coast?
That smile doesn't last long be cause loneliness Makes sure I'm reminded of my flaws. .... The realist sh*t I've wrote in a min.
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they really have all the tools needed to procure perfect wealth.
im writing a paper about " how bullying affects victims" i had to pick the topic&when i saw that one i thought of you : )
No more beer... well, for two weeks. Let's see what happens. #BeerBellyOrSmallBaybay?
I love you
It's Mother's Day, so I played with my patio plant babies and then eradicated about a dozen slugs.
i love so much. she is the best and i cany wait to see you.
that's how I felt
Happy Friday! :-)
Last week skate park. Today bmx park. Next week?
I used to be this guy sitting with an open heart, now my computer screen’s the only place I feel a spark.
Longest road trip ever! It was supposed to be a five hour drive and it definitely felt like 11 hours + FML!!!!!
The wave is as fucking stupid as Dickman
ended a party funding raising phone call with "i'm a registered lobbyist so I doubt you want my money"
Eww what's in Texas?? lol
First thing to do today: Tweet Happy Birthday. "Happy Birthday, People's Champ!!"
“: Kanye West must be pissed that Dior chose Raf Simons over him.” lmao.
What a hit by the secondary of OU, Ouch!!!! Hope that WR of FSU is ok.
getting stuff together for our 2 newest touring shows - "The Jeepney Tour" and "Double Happiness."
Hopefully your reply to me about Crazy Blind Date bumps my K score :).
I am ready to get out of here.
We're experts at yacht and boat cleaning to remove mold and water damage. In addition to being yacht dry cleaners,
Great blog post, Jenny. I wish I could have gone with you to see Gayle speak Fri. night. :(
Shoot day!!
TOO LATE
are u serious! uhm u dont have a computer? lol
Ended the day at a reception featuring Emily Saliers and her father, singing her songs and his hymns. Quite lovely and even moving.
Just when I thought she was the one. Guess I will be team single forever
My MLB.tv subscription ran out, and no $ right now to turn it back on. : (
you poor thing. Would you like a batman or spiderman bandage???
Man where they find Tami at lol
Knock KnockWho's there !Belle !Belle who ?Belle-t up and open this door !
done. Thank you!
Talking with my best friend
I would be beyond stoked if there was a Burgatory downtown. I would go every single day.
He'll be back in Detroit lol
Most girls don't think they're like most girls
going really well. Love the city and enjoying new challenges.
Seriously! Makes me queasy.
so true! Reading Tarek Osman's Egypt on the Brink, I've got appreciation of Egypt's 20th century struggles.
In OC who's going with for thirsty Thursday?!
I cannot relate ta dis song at all
Can you tell us who and approx yr did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race? Petty, Wood Bro?
Red Tag Sale COMING SOON! Stay Tuned :)
Turn your doubt, your fear and your uncertainly into the fuel that drives you to learn more, control more and conquer. —Kim Kiyosaki
Years of dreams just can't be wrong.
Interviewing Kem Nunn today, author of Tapping the Source, among other great books, for
Mobile twitter is giving me a hassle, leaving on June 12th but feel free to send my way :) Hope you're doing well!
Brookfield might add 900 residential units to the Manhattan West development projects, at Ninth Avenue between 31st and 33rd Streets
And what a nasty side he has had in other places, too.
shes full of herself
I wish I could have made it over there at lunch
aww im so glad I could help out a little on such a trying day for you. writing and recording it was worth it :) How is she?
#folowss Please !! :D
I hate EXCUSES!
I went to go buy one online at topmans and they don't have anymore :( so Ill have to wait and see if they get more in stock
if you're a fan of BACK TO THE FUTURE...you should be here NOW!!
Thanks, dear. She's amazing. We got your card! Thanks! I can't wait for you to meet her.
Does anyone want a free headshot chance?
RT : Office of says he'll make "major announcement" at 5:30 pm Saturday in Isle, Minn.
: Can someone please tell me as to why we are buying a Hot Air Balloon next weekend?
But.... you'd have to wear shorts to work every day.
Thanks pal! Its good to be a 30 something
Headed to lovely #Denver! Can't wait to meet all these great people for our #event. #Emmy award winning musicians, best selling authors
The #Pageant is this weekend! We are so proud to be the official #makeup sponsor! Good luck to all :)
Lord, please give me Hope. Help me to stay encouraged when I feel like I can no longer cope. #Amen!»
Jerry Springer offers some really deep and intelligent final thoughts!
How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it. ~Robert Brault
Now here comes the story that I mentioned....the music fades away
JRB you truly are one of the games best players in all variations of poker. I wish you always the best.
Thanks to our sponsor for supporting the #a4aChallenge & the #afterschool programs that make kids #WannaPlayMusic!
9:54!!!! Nice finish! Way to dig deep!!!
So many talented ARTISTS in this city..Overwhelming in the BEST way!
It costs nothing to say something kind. Even less to shut up altogether.
All the fat people at the airport made me not want to get a second scoop of ice cream
Learning from the past, looking towards the future.
Fox's Monica Crowley needs 2 go back to 5th grade to learn a few things. Birth control is not *usually* a big concern for lesbians.
I believe you! Lmao
Nephew update. He is having to have a blood transfusion. His body needs help after all the blood he lost. I'll see him again tomorrow.
My Google+ profile: gplus.to/stillinsky
Happy hump day!!
= best friend. tell her everything. <3
Looking fresh, no stress, who tryna fuxk wit the best!
When I prove my parent wrong
wow so when you get back u only have 2 weeks left !
What a horrible day.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL! Dead. On.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 8
when working on your abs, don't ignore the transverse muscle! it helps to give them a more drawn-in appearance
you know he wants to. haha.
Pls give Tom my best, he is one of the real pros.
This is like the windiest day of my life! I almost fell on the floor of how hard the wind is blowing :o
Realistic expectations is not about having low expectations.
#ItsAwkwardWhen you plan an office birthday celebration and the person does not show up.
Everyone in this hospital is watching "Matilda."
Got my AP English reading assignment for the summer. Asdfghj. So much work!
good job!
only cause u the best
Can't wait for tomorrow's visit from to our office!
RT : Folks, for now the consensus is for a #SCMS12 Tweet Up on 3/24 @ 7pm, location TBD. Spread the good word.
I'm not really a jewelry guy, but everything is cool when combined with a World Championship!
WEARING A DRESS WHILE WINDY <<<<<<
I continue to learn by bouncing ideas off my colleagues who are actively processing collections.
TD is an online news commentary website. But I dont write, I do graphic & web design :) but I'm looking to do a masters soon!
This is just a continuation of the last game. An 18-Inning nightmare for the #Pirates vs. the
I'm having a hard time bc I lost my home got less then 24 hours to move
It sure can be. But I don't have to live it all year round anymore. A week in the drizzly great NW mountains could be nice. :)
RICK MONTGOMERY: CASTING DIRECTOR IS MY HERO
4 more followers till 100 !awesome(:
Portfolio show night 2. A little sketchy
round of applause baby make that #assclap <<requesting that song dog for yo bdayyy
Aww how sweet, thank u! :-) I'm good! Had dinner out with family tonight! Gfather still holding on but declining!
Anyone but f'ing Crosby.
I think I put into a deep sleep #itsherbdaytho lol oh well
you and me both. that sucked.
giggling at my first web page. this is fun!!
Listening to some Berlin. God they made riding the bus sound exotic.
will someone cut my ankle of? pleeaaaseee
almost 500 people follow your bed but you don't...whats up with that? ;)
Watching on the treadmill tv at the gym and ugly crying. On the upside, I didn't fall off.
... Target does not have shampoo in my scent.
"Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us." John N. Mitchell
That's a bummer. I wonder what he does, or for that matter, what the other fighters do for $ when they can't fight.
Who wants to play with us?
do u like it?
What will you cook to celebrate Mother's Day this weekend?
Hey RT : Hey there!
your beauty is like no otherr and everytime i see you i sweat
Bad girls club ♥
Started watching the very first episode of #madmen tonight. It's actually a really good show. Can't believe I didn't catch on earlier.
that's what I do!
Jesus is Lord when the voice of truth reigns above the others in your life.
Bet he won't go to school in the mornin lol
My favorite accessory for summer is a knuckle ring for sure!
RT« #Leo and #Pisces Compatibility: Medium»
Atlantic City!!
Summer is upon us, get your A/C checked out!
Thanks for digging on the Snap, Jennifer! --Glynn
Don't necessarily have the best of luck. While celebrating my sis's graduation at a #Miami restaurant, I found a piece of glass in my food.
The superiority of haploidentical related stem cell transplantation to ...
#IDontPartyBecause Jesus told me not to
DREAM BIG
Actually I love all meals, food is too good
how you been bro ?
wow, this is awesome.. i shared it with my friends also.. thanks!
Haha, can't wait to see it. RT : New #sharktank tonight. Most bizarre idea ever. Once again i crush someone!
So what you gonna do with all that attention you're trying to get? Shit is pointless.
Cataract is not a fruit. :) RT : Cataract myth: it needs to be ripe. It doesn't!
I got the formula
Sounds so kinky, it might even be legal in Texas.
No kidding! Sounds more like he got burned by forgetting that 'unless' exists, rather than that being an actual Best Practice™.
…if education is being improved. Current #edreform does not. Doesn't help students or teachers
I hope you get hit. By a fuckin bus.
Good morning and Happy Friday to you! RT : Good Morning
Good yarn shop in Cincy ?
Aw, sorry. With the new job & maintaining SR, I miss me too. lol <3 But, I KNOW I miss you MORE! RT I miss :(
Its qone feel weird havinq ppl say happy mothers day tommorrow.! But im proud two be a mothers I have many more two come.! :)
when will you be back in Philly?
this Sunday billboard awards. Don't forget.
he hit 4 HR's?!?! I think that there is some luck as well involved In perfect games. The way some no name people
Congrats! Who's running the bootcamp this week?
Rosenthiel: says reporters signing recall petitions unethical.
exactly delivering a double-punch right there!
You have the AP English exam tomorrow, fix that grammar lol RT : Wade losing us the game
#SFGiants v Dodgers series a-coming. Get your SF > LA shirt now @ www.WeBeGreater.com. Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
you're welcome! I have to cheer for someone in the Miss Teen USA comp so why not u, besides you look like a pretty cool girl
Boys, don't keep a girl guess too long. She will surely find the answer somewhere else.
Right? Its a match made in heaven~
These are the times I wish I lived on the lake. Everything is so carefree and there's no stress
Your amazing. And don't let HATERS bring you down. Becuz, your living your dream. You have an amazing voice& dont sound(tbc)
What's your ring size? ;) RT Wedding dress shopping looks so fun .
When the time comes....boss man bizz
I still need to get ready for after prom doe, ugh 😔
Pierre Mcguire creepin it up
If this relationship I'm in doesn't work I for sure will never date a man with kids again. I just want my own. Annoying...
hope u have a great night
Whatever doors God opens for you, no man can shut!
I can't believe I like a rock band #Np 'Holding on to black metal' by My Morning Jacket.
I'm in. Welcome to
Taking a break at home! But the balloon stampede is going well!
YOu are very much welcome! Keep Swingin!
if you know anything about the "office eXperience" group at microsoft, DM me?
On what planet is it ok to microwave fish/shrimp in the office microwave?!?
Time to get all the crap done I couldn't do before xmas!
I listened to like the first 3 mins& i need to sit down and listen to all of it soon! WhyYouSittinDown&PeeinNicki?
Your profile talks about changing the world, and I are working with NFL'ers to change how NFL players are measured!
lovey doveeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! look what i posted on your wall! lol
rotfl your too much bro, if anything you have your boy
she so koo give head with her shades on...
Note to strangers: if you are going to call me for advice, please wait until at least 8am.
YEAHAHA FINALY WASHINGTON IS WARMER THAN CALI HOLY CRAP IT'SA MIRACLE. Only by 4 degrees though..
Trying to find the motivation to get up and go to the god damn Gym .. Arrrrghhh what a drag 1..
Everyone Follow >>> <<< TWEET ME FOR A SHOUTOUT!
LOL! Anytime! Thanks for the follow, Jennifer--now it's mutual. And anyone who quote Shakespeare in her profile is okay by me.
The best way to maximize your experience is to meetthe advisory board members. The blog now contains a bio of fRicky Cox our past chair.
heck yeah they are ! Ay Julianne!
I'm going to murder my phone because the battery is low. Lol!
The guys across the street are tards but they always have hot girls over there for their cookouts.
my hair is half way down my back. Wanted it to be long but it's driving me crazy
Midnight breakfast was my FAV event of the semester! Jealous! But not about the finals that come afterwards!
what a great night...
now I remember why I don't watch TV
The literal hook --> RT The 1 time I said NO, u act like I never said YES
Jessica Cooper will be the soprano soloist in our April 16th Japan Benefit Concert!
Bacon + Chocolate love <3
r u using adobe connect? how's the audio when using voip only (and not a dial-in #)? also, is anyone using it to stream live group meetings?
thank you reminding us where your vagina is #rhianna. the continually pointing to it on #SNL was a helpful tutorial:)
Very cool! Keep me posted with pictures as the garden grows!
Ja:goh! A Mother's Day Reflection on When the Days Are Long and the Load Is Heavy: There are few words to encapsulate the wrenching o...
haha, well that's good. I like to make people laugh :D
hells yes! that's a steal!
that's gunna hurt!! I'll just start by taking you on that picnic :D
also note carrot and spinach juice stain white countertops...
hey love how u been?
I tell students they won't find a job in NYC from Tampa. They need to go up there. Do you agree?
There are no athletic fields in Concept 2.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
please contact me directly and I'll get the recipe to you. Thanks!
you're too cool for me
At NMFA congressional event. Mike Michaud accepts award for supporting #military families.
can drink all u want on the 15 jack! umm i count sheep maybe if you count bottles...or men? Hummph??? lol jk
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention. ~Christopher Morley
no clue
Derek Fisher=GR8 4 OKC.. His leadership is priceless!!!
We are proud to show you our full spectrum of remarkable service and we have in stock the best luxury models today!
#singer George Michael illness...wow I hope he gets better.
I always left mine in for like 4 months at a time. It gives them time to stretch and get used to the size. I'm stopping at
Oh, those whimsical Google nerds. The Mountain View-based search giant may not have Apple ’s design chops , but it certainly knows how to
Social Media is an outlet that can shed light to a problem. Network with people in UK who will fight with U. There is power in #'s.
my quads are on fire
I need to get a manicure done!!!
so sorry so sorry sorry
"If you dont love her..wear a rubber"
Have you met ? Outstanding #Hilton employees waiting to help you with travel suggestions, check them out!
Have you tried our new menu? It's delicious!
I hate that.
Thank you so much for the support! It means the world to us!!!
:: Taylor Swift, why do your lyrics know exactly what's on my mind?
thank you to all that continue to help me one day @ austinmahone will follow me with the help of you all
Hi , it's been too long!
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe, waking up early every morning.
Follow this MAHOMIE please , make her get to 400 followers , . ;D
I've been forgetting to take Zyrtec all week. No wonder my allergies have been kicking my butt!
Perfect night. Red Baraat followed by oohs and ahhs. Almost as good as last nights American Ballet theatre followed by steak.
i think that shit stupid...got made you a human...when ppl start getting hurt they gone stop...
My head hurtz I was just fighting wuth my self
It was a profile photo of a friend I took several years ago in Arizona.
#FirstEdition #MayDay protests start at #PPS Headquarters this morning @ 7:30 - details next w/
Wild Wednesday
Gotta dl new music tonight
lol where you from bro?
I'm not sure if the extended warranty helps or not. It might
New Year SUPER DUPER Offer!Left Chest or Cap Logos digitized for $15 flat price each!Jacket Back Logos$80. Email:
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
then what is it?
We are very thankful for people like you who support members of the military, veterans, and their families
What says welcome back home to nh than Chinese food?
someones a little depressed...,
It isn't really a breakfast burrito that way is it? RT : a breakfast burrito without red/green chile is not worth eating :/
And now hearing about the damage in Laurel and other parts of Kentucky. A terrible, tragic day in the Commonwealth.
I hate it when people are stupid and only follow you to see if you will follow back. And if you don't they stop following you? Wtf?
5 followers away from a #GEEBZ giveaway! Follower picked at random. Help us get there!
Worked on Fela Project costumes via video chat tonight with and Vaunita! Getting excited for the hip-shaking performance!
BLAP on HIGH Alert today... Reality show pending...
My mother's plane is barely in the air on the way to Chicago and I'm already drinking hard liquor in the middle of the day.
