She did not ask for a four car pileup.
happy Birthday !!!!
Hey friends follow my new account please and thank youu :)
30 kids just invaded coffee shop I'm working at, time to yank the headphone volume way UP
I sure care about the content being educational. I think it's about quality not quantity
Watching Colombiana. They had me up until lil'Cataleya stabs the Head of the hitsquad in the hand and makes a daring escape.
's Smart cars beat 's phantom buses that never arrive hands down. Plus, they sound like mini-Porsches and don't reek of urine!
I have and I do not like it, did they change it again?
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God. -Edwin Louis Cole
Hilarious. Seeing one of my #jour111 reading today's reading as he walks across campus, oblivious I'm parked across the street.
will the anthem be a John Denver favorite?
Every time I leave, kitten tries to escape. She'd get farther if she didn't seem to be afraid of walking on the grass.
Callista: what’s the plan for tonight babe? Newt: plan is u put on a gallon of hair spray because Papa’s got 2 tickets to a swingers party.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld girls who give head.
surf spray from than dry shampoo.
oh really awesome :) yay!:)
#favouritelyric I won't let my fuck ups bring me down again
almost done school?
you're fine honey.
Totally agree!
#HowToGetRejected approach someone wrong !
me does
he was limping after I think the first game up there. His knee was messed up.
I remember when did #Constanciochange (:
Say hello, say hello :)
im really enjoying it so far! On chapter 4 now. It's a little gnome, the bookmark is from a local bookstore called Farley's
Congrats on the house! RT : Just closed on our house in #Shakopee! Can't wait to move in & get settled :)
Optimism about the value of higher Ed wd be easier for me if I saw more dignity in action within universities.
ok, i am wrong..but all news i heard today said only two houses hit...thank goodness for the Weather Channel and its reporting.
Three's a crowd. As long at & keep doing what they're doing... Good luck on Fullerton, Beer Bistro!
My problem is: I have perfectly good Buono and Pino kettles. Do I NEED another? Well, no.......but.......
.. Budweiser Crew Shirt for Dale Jr 1st race when you were spotter
more love 4 u. Congratulations on launching a new site.
Grounded. Won't have my phone. Won't be checking 's tweets every minute. This is so sad. Austin please Follow me?I❤U!
It's going to be difficult for Obama to win a single southern state after making this decision. However, it will generate $.
Gov. Walker recalls great times he has had through his life at Devil's Lake as protesters listen silently
Ain't been home since Saturday night... Smh
downstairs by the stage if ur interested I'll but a shot
if the dark side is the good side, then call us black.
Boys head to training camp at 3:15.
spending my day at school: career day followed by study session. #saturdaylibrarian not working but wish i were anywhere but here today
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him;"
lowkey listening to this new justin beiber record on the bus, joint dope lol
girl, we all blow up at the religious right at some point. Be proud if how u said it.
thank you!
what's up?
Jonah, where do you focus most of your time? I noticed all of the Twitter handles in your profile.
After one mimosa (which contains only a drop of OJ) I just can't (won't) seem to say "no". Uh oh!
what about our nfcn blog
Two former exec of California Valve Company plead guilty to foreign bribery offenses.
since when does property destruction automatically = violence?
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
it's ok! xx
I prep my outfit, rehearse my talent, brush up on current events, and run 18 miles a day on about 400 calories. I am ready.
That moment when leaves me for
Exercise isn't a luxury, it's a necessity... -MindFirstFitness
Anybody wanna chat
I know. just got texted.. "Check out the moon" .. Now explaining to children why Daddy took mirror of the wall.
You do? I never go away... seemingly, anyway.
Text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation for the Hoosiers impacted by the tornadoes in southern Indiana
We #Conservatives WANT IT! #Dems got the stupid #LightRail We want the #Vikings here in #MN. TC is a #Football town #Twins second
it's the Detroit concert to see my loves, <3 I'm going with
SG made me feel completely better about my life today. And gave some outstanding advice.
What is an Android dvlpr? I worked with Droid for many yrs. Couldn't get him to do sh*t. Not the position for me.
RT : what if PEARL TONGUES tasted like the inside of a SUZY Q ???
Agreed. I guess it's done well in other cities, so why not expand? (Pun intended.)
I'm part of the rare breed who absolutely loves CRANK but despises CRANK 2: HIGH VOLTAGE. Anyone else?
well at least you're honest.
good idea... that makes some sense? still lame to not think of that, & I bet more people would join if they had those rates
this is so cool!! wish i could be there!!
Awesome. arrived too :) This panel is getting even more exciting
My night has been made, thank you #2omf , finally <3
I seem to be on this "wake up before 5am" thing and it's bugging the crap out of me
The pepper plants haven't sprouted yet - fingers crossed!
#German filmmaker wins student #Oscars. Congratulations #thomasstuber!
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
You did great!
Meeting with a chiropractor tonight to make a decision on what type of washable/reusable head-rest covers I'm going to make for her.
these guys are good RT : The #Spurs starting lineup had an offensive efficiency of 138.1 last night against the Clippers.
Lots of lawmakers making time to talk to CNN. Who's working on the budget?????
Only two more games left. Sad but exciting times. Playoffs are here but also means the season is at its end. Saturdays game = must watch
um. it's flawless. PRESSED. inspired her to write it.
You are amazing!!! & dude you are beautiful!! I love you!
Spread the word. If anyone needs an event planner Im free for the next 2 months. Im building my portfolio.
thanks for the follow love
#iftwitterwashighschool i would be in bed all day.
Im a #blackgirl that #rockS!!
": Oh, you play Rolling in the Deep over and over on your computer? I'm guessing it's a dell." is this a bad joke?
My legs looks beautiful in my red skirt :p
joins #g2s as Media Partner
I don't know. Small memorial out in front of Chargers Park.
Who fucking spilled the beer on my carpet
no prob! I caught part of one of your shows one time with the Saints of Havana, like your music!
If I get 600 followers I'll sing go screw yourself by Avery to my crush!
Love it Kesha!!! Beautiful as always :) xoxo
Congrats on the great review!
it was like 3 months ago smh lol let me stop because karma is a bitch ass nigga lol
Cheese mat.? Tf
Dear Teachers, if I don't put my hand up it means I don't want to answer the question so don't bother picking me ... -_-
Like I said don't wake the beast... Mode
lab German shepard mix. Just 7 wks old. Kids are having fun with her
You need an original papaT where you have that Ansel Adams
Pandora radio (an Avett Brothers flavor station) and some SLP Registration setup. Gonna be a nice afternoon.
Dumont ties it back up for the Bulldogs. 3-3 now.
Jordis : Full arm tats + ball gown + big rock voice + soft country song = maybe my favorite #thevoice artist... you go lady!
#WhiskeyHangOver by #Godsmack for all those who may still have a #HangOver!
RT F the haters we love you Agree
will never know i exist! Iloveyou so much still!
Redskins going in hard #defense!
Woken up at 2:00 am by a damn phone call!!!! Do you have any idea how tired I am!?
I think Matthew Stafford is gonna need a hug.
And away we go...
Come hang with us tonight at in West LA tonight for some Karaoke goodness!
There has got to be a cure for these spasms I'm havin on the right side of my face.....hum
one of my favorite blogs, too! Funnier than all get-out and kind to everyone to boot :)
same! gotta love him;)
I'm going her lady name isn't smith...
LAUNCH INTO THE DEEP (Lke 5:4) Launch out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch. God is about to break your nets. #Sir Court
Actually most are, even the ambitious ones, like myself. We want everything now and we do as little as we can to be honest.
I miss home!
High School Baseball: SMHS to face Reagan in best-of-three series
This organization chart is....I don't know. I don't get it. This will be an interesting meeting.
Having a one-person Petty party right now. Love it.
Who stole my feelings!!! You better bring'm back before somebody get hurt!!
be sure to try our namesake "Cafe con leche!" Enjoy!
Ain't shit you can say to change my mind
HEY CAN YU PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU! PLEASE IM TRYNG TO WIN A CONTEST THANKS SO MUCH XO
So today on my way to school, I got off the bus, then I found a "lucky penny" so I picked it up. 10 steps further, I found $7 :)
Ladies, don't you dare skip out on chest. Guys, same goes to you on legs! Muscle imbalances are not welcome!
hope to see you in Atlanta
you just described the smell and look of my brother, although he's a portlander
2 papers done this weekend already! only one to go.
SLOW START, BUT WE GOT EM GOING NOW BABY, GUESS THEY WERE FULL FRM ALL THAT FOOD!!!! LOL
wow. she was someone whose incredible talent inspired me.. someone whose songs I've been singing & listening to since I was a little girl..
Everybody, it's time to get #stocked!!!
. Please tweet more pics!
The goal today is - 2000 words. Turning off the phone and barricading myself in my room until I crank it out.
I really hate school
#MvsW also, I don't think the Rangers should be allowed to add on padding to their gloves to block shots, what's next?
When did we all agree that the term "baby daddy/baby mama" is the best way to describe that relationship?
TONIGHT at Mingles Nite Club..Truth Tuesdays! LIVE music! Hip Hop and R&B. DRINK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT! Come sign up for friday or next tue!
Gucci purses but ya'll livin in a shack and you gettin free lunch?
": When a #Leo woman walks, she walks like a Queen."
hope all is well :)
Yes sis lets pray together
Merry Christmas & Happy Hanukkah! I'm starting to think of my goals for 2012. I really hope to put them ALL into action. #Charity,
Who else is at #webwise?
DON'T DO IT!!
. You're very welcome! We are glad that we could help out! Flat tires are never any fun...
yes! glad you liked.
100 thangs going throw my head right now!! but i cant let it get to me gotta act more mature
alright I donated the 8 bucks and plan on hitting the guide hard b4 my draft tmw, how long does it take to get the email?
Well good night foreal !^_^ **nigh**
School blows.. Wanna go home and sleep -_-
Back in school he was the kid with no swag now he's looks at my closet and all He sees is Class. Thanks to me
He's gone to bed now I have to face this alone. Turning off my phone so it'll stop ringing and I can focus.
#BBW LA overtime....
I havnt been kissed in almost a year -,,-
we may be possibly be reading different critques. The people are doing just that.
David Petreaus RT : J. Cole RT : Bobby brown RT Who will win MVP tonight in the All-Star game?
I want y'all to got together 👫
lol sure guy that goes gay for Walter lol
Thanks for your efforts on improving web typography! The Golden Ratio Typography calculator is a great tool!
Most of the shows I listen to are around 1.5 hours. That seems reasonable.
“: Morgan Reed: I loved "I Love Lucy", but can I have my #simobile #spectrum back?
story of our life... “: Oh, I offended you with my opinion? HA, you should hear all the things I kept to myself.”
OMFG THE PLANET FITNESS COMMERCIAL WITH THE GUY IN THE ORANGE SHIRT GETS ME EVERY TIME LMFAO
Can you please follow me! Your one of my inspirations!! I love you and your music
I refuse to get cyber bullied on this fine Wednesday evening…. NOPE
Don't be sad!! He's probably going to be in SA this summer to visit is friends and stuff. :)
we could watch half a movie??
Music always puts me in a good mood no matter what
Hey Tanya! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
How about we don't let Greinke or shag fly balls anymore? #Brewers Just a thought. Feel terrible for #Yankees and their fans.
I play a song, no one likes it. Two months later, they all love it.
Big Fat?
ha just cant hand them things out
writing writing and writing
Tuesday is normally "Taco Tuesday," but today it's also "Fat Tuesday" so why not just call it "Fat Taco Tuesday?!"
CORRECTION Sunday Social is 830pm. We're dumb early in the AM. Forgive us.... in person by coming to the show! See what we did there?
"The reason women don't play football is because eleven of them would never wear the same outfit in public." ~Phyllis Diller
Euchure for money late night
#Ideas are in limbo until you implement them. Write them down but also set up a plan for next steps.
You might like my true courtroom drama about a 'fortune hunter' in 1912. Lies Told Under Oath=It's still cited, never told before.
Wow people are jealous of me bc I'm cooler than them losers
I confess, I'm (kind of) a fair-weather photographer. Snow I can handle. Fog, wind, brutal cold are all fine. But no rain.
Clippard just got out of the 8th with a backward K
thank you so much!!
Danny Granger is a beast
The Heartbreak Express vs. Naptown Dragons in tag team action up next.
(phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* ... "F-CK!, i thought u were someone else!
Have fun! Enjoy your weekend :) RT : Off to celebrate the birth of my standby wife !!!!!!!
Had an amazing lunch made by San Diego Job Corps students. Amazing program.
Dont bring that Fag fuck to the colts
Maybe work won't be too bad tonight *fingers crossed*
you watch The League at all, after Always Sunny? Quite good, I'm a huge Taco fan.
Is Lex getting back in the biz?
Hey, you! Are you in 3A? I'm in 3B.
YALL IM SO SORRY! havent tweeted from the homestead today... so much going on in the office! but we'd still love to hear from you :)
HELP. Should I get purple,turqouise,or purple and turqoise for my braces???(:
Im seriously having the best weekend of my life
I preemptively hated it and refused to read it, so I don't think you're crazy at all! :)
Mitchell Guist Dead -- 'Swamp People' Star Dies in Louisiana [Update]
I'm good n u
Hey ching chong wing wong shake your king kong ding dong (x - Jenna Marbles ( Jenna Mourey ]
“...A needle lying...by him and...he had thrown up,” said the Española shed's owner. “He just found a place where he could go...and die.”
sleepless in davis.
I'm so amused right now! Haha & listening to MJ singing "I can't help it" isn't helping this situation! Lmao! *dies of laughter*
Tick, tick, tick, time is running out on the early bird rate Monday the 31st is the last day.
Had a great workout today, a fun, healthy lunch with my BFF afterwards, and got my resume out to 2 more prospective employers. Life's good!
Back to Informatics/Computing. Maddy is in her last science event.
Thanks to you Kati and all your fellow teachers for job well done with our kids...nice meeting you at "Walkerville" last week
Grt mtg yest w/students @ Redwood HS. They're excited 2 make a diff for all kids. 1 on the team, Mayerlin, is author in April newsletter.
Proud to say I saw the first customers enter at 8:01am. Smashing green attire.
Just found out that the Capoeira test I'm taking today even though I feel unprepared cause of not enough workout time is an hour earlier. :P
Personal invites will always trump.. mass generalized requests
yes we are. send us DM ok?
If vision is clear, there's no need for mrkt research to guide direction. If vision is lacking, at least ask customers what they want...
niice! I'm at fader ft waiting for jay z, nas, biggie, kanye, rick ross, eminem, gorrillaz, beatles, wale, and skrillex.
SOBER is actually an acronym that stands for: Son Of a Bitch, Everything's Real
It's a new Love Language!
I'm working on Homework 2.
lol I feel like I have a weird obsession with walmarts since they're so scarce here
#fake1Dquotes 'Im Straight." - Harry Styles , 'Im Straight." - LouisTomlinson
#blackgirlsrock loving Jill Scott and Angela Davis
Agreed! Loved this post and wish I'd written it! ;)
I want to write for the TV series #Parenthood. That is all.
RT RT : Forgive but never forget.
If Colts win tonight we will schedule 50% tuneups on your furnace
Right on. Sushi is the bomb. :) What's your fav? Probably the CA roll. Or maybe you're into the Eel?
My mom made someone's favorite.
Watching #foodinc and getting pissed off.
we can't wait!
No problem, ENJOY!
lol naw makes class funny , go by faster
Good Morning Sunshine!
WOAH WAIT WHAT!?!?!??! WOOHOOO! Congratulations! Mazel Tov! Felicitations! (that's the extent of my multilingualism) =o)
Merry christmas
RIT students can now enhance their experience on MyCourses. Stop by the SAU today to learn how the new plug-in, BookBag, can help!
"Was that lightning??????" No, they're taking pictures for google earth!
Bro also completely forgot his bags. Pretty sure there was more in his system than a martini, wish I'd tried talkin to dude!
S/o for the follow
Have you tried following #libchat?
Please someone stop me. I am going to hunt Tebow down and KILL HIM
Just kills winter tourism in the North...“: Little Snowfall Not all Bad for county budgets...://t.co/nC4USLWQ”
Happy mothers day to all thee awesome moms out there 💛🌹
the one about the behind every beautiful girl is a guy who did her wrong and made her strong! Hahaha
Just discovered that has the best customer service ever. Like, Zappos good.
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE TELL ME NEGATIVE THINGS DON'T STEAL MY JOY BECAUSE YOUR GOING THROUGH
#OneThingILove late night talks about life
Nothing says happy birthday mom like a TB shot!
Thanks for the follow Aly!
Replace Howard Cosell w/ Twitter and Facebook and you have the announcement of the death of a musician who spanned generations and genres
Cypress Hill too! Sen Dog's been using spanglish since the 90s
We bread winner grinding right now the next move will be epic
Note to self: when pets come running to you with a look like 'what's the shizzle in the basement' make hub go down and see
i followed even though i dont like the jonas brothers :p
I Do Not Give Up!
Are you referring to the Southern Belle shoes? A girl always needs heels!
One trend I'll never understand: mismatched prints. Why, oh why? Since when did looking bad, look good?
have fun you two :)
Figures that was coming. This team never wants to make things easy ever.
"My foot's still draining.."
you're welcome!
“How To Rapid Prototype Multi-touch Applications” Amelia Campbell
And that is a wrap for #TFF 2012. On bus home now. I am offocially DONE. Now I just have to write 20+ reviews. Fuck.
I might also be interested in learning to swim but I might want to start with a bike. My junky cruiser probably won't work.
what happens after you "get" a witness? have you now "gotten" a witness....or have you now "had" a witness?
Thanks alot and very much appreciated man. Way to help a fellow harvick fan out!
No use keeping secrets any longer. Listen up, people: I am Bonnie Bear. There, I finally said it. Feels good...
we should all play guild wars.
I thought he called a foul for a push off.
is that a real sellout or a #redsox sellout?
Dis smoke is so loud my neighbor asked me to turn it down!
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
At the Board of Supervisors open comment session of their meeting ... this is might make me ill. I will not get claps when it is my turn :(
Yes of course. DM me your email and I'll let you know when we add new brands, which will be very soon.
Chillin, watchin an oldie but a goodie, The Breakfast club before I watch UCLA vs USC baby on this warm Saturday :)
Happy V-Day Linked In and Twitter friends!
Here's a friendly shout out to all my new followers. Thank you so much for showing your love ;)
All Big Ten and everybody on Mich's sked the next two years, I believe.
At least it is in education, where *showing* students relationships among abstract concepts is helpful.
Very jealous! Have a fantastic time.
Some-old-fat-guy-who-can't-drive yelled "What's your problem, b--!" at me. I wasn't even on the same street as him.
All the single ladies! Oh oh oh.
Enjoy the sunshine...
mask or no mask...GET IT IN!
Students mostly said they think it's fine if colleges check FB profiles in admissions process. Maybe they're especially good kids.
Back to back ugly turnovers. Uh Oh.
Dropped my candy while trying to open it & walk at the same time hdsklfljlk :( FUCK EVERYTHING
Pretty much spent all day, and plan on spending the rest of the day, watching
Without fail, every time I walk through #downtowncrossing, solicitors want to stop and bug me.
Today is #BlackFriday shop til ya drop!
There's not much better than the look and smell of a fresh cut lawn
-What's your favorite piece of #jewelry right now dolls?! #TrendsTues! xox
419 followers! This is awesome let's hit 500 followers please spread the word of this twitter for updates on
I MUST THANOS!!!I NEED MY FRIDAY!!SIR!!
Congratulations :D You're such an inspiration in my life :') Love you lots !
yay yay! Miss u too!!! Glad ur on twitter;)
The Guy Who Played Carlton?! Lol x)
Got RZA as a clue on Draw Something, playing against my dad. I wish my dad was cooler.
you can keep turning me away.... But I'm going to keep trying -T.Wade
I am.and spouse of a teacher.
I'm up in my room throwing down on some Ray Charles.
Omg I'm almost done 20 pounds since starting this diet!!!!!!
Can't wait for #Community tonight, although I could do without the 30 Rock interruption between the episodes.
When you love someone more than yourself that's when they take advantage of you the most
so tired that you can't fall asleep :/
Thank you for keeping such a beautiful piece of history alive for all to enjoy!
I'm lucky, I drop fast for first 3 weeks or so (up to 5 or 6lbs a week) then it slows down to 2-3 per week
made a list of types of people I hate on the lakefront path this morning during 17 miler. pretty sure it tops around 8 million.
Lucky you!
It's a lifetime goal.
#fresnodld yes, and rosenblatt makes clear that the lines are blurry, that efferent and aesthetic are stances, not types of texts
Kirwan testimony is complete. Gov on deck.
thanks for the mention!
Nice hanging with you last night! Great program. The Pure Michigan Campaign is super effective!
Search engine optimization specialists will recommend!~
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!!!
I am grateful I can read, and appreciate folk and punk. Dreadful
Finally got my stuff dry!
Top Gun is on Netflix
WOW! So cool! Did you build it?
Hey man good to chat more this weekend. Let's grab a beer before you conquer France with your entrepreneurial fire.
love the big onion group
You're one of the first to mention a current member. I agree!
you have no idea how fucking pissed I am...
Man my arm feels great lets get this season going
summer.. Where are you..? <|3
hey goldie, what is a Papillon??
thanks for the luv
Thx for that info! Maybe we will try to get him to speak in NYC -- that seems a whole new take on Adorno.
alright! Accepted :)
HappyHolidays from & ! May this season greet you with peace, love, and goodwill! Be "Merry" and enjoy life!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 36
…Can you say, "DOUBLE STANDARD"!!!? No #curfews needed in
We will be at the and concert tonight!
don't confuse my attitude with my personality / my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are
Dallas might want to cover Kevin Durant
The rain will always be our nemesis!
Visit our booth 876 #interop May 6-10th. Ask us about our Ready to Win Solution!
Im a junky how bout you...
Fuck I love candy, so much
says looking for Kernel, File Systems Software engineers in CA for a Startup & WPF/C# Engineers for NYC. send resume to
oh okay (: lmfaooooooooooo Well Them N's are leading These days ! Mines is Nah'ryan
I asked the same about Marc!!!! Oh yes I did!!!!
there's gotta be some type of understanding n usually there isn't. Which leads to the cheating
Administrative assistants can make me tear up now and again too! :)
So shes awake now (:
Ready for Thursday!!! Hurry up!
#DesireThursdays- before we go THERE...howzabout celebrating, with me, a long held desire that has come to you?
When a newly married man looks happy, we know why
Drink some Big Red, mija!
Man needs to keep in touch with his primal urges, whether through sport or through violent movies. Otherwise, we'd end up like Bill Wyman.
follow my new twitter ?<3
My vote is for #Jolene, the worst of the worst! So bad it's great!
hah that's not fair. I want summ
Fuck the haven for caving... That's why we don't speak made men ain't supposed to make statements
this season WAS so shitty
Laying in bed smoking hookah :)
thanks for the reply! We use computers for #socialmedia for work, but are always on #mobile for personal social media.
you're the love
I thought people went into publishing because they loved metadata….
RT : We used the Mao Feng Shui as the key Ingredient in our new Green Tea Mimosa with Cara Cara and a...
DUDE it said you were offline. Damn,! Twitter lied.
“: #ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out that KSR isn't really blocked in Mason County schools. #mybad Oh Shit!!!!
Welcome!:Nothing more frustrating to go back & follow ppl back when u were already! :)
Comprehension and retention are at least 50% higher for video than live presentation
Hooped it up this weekend!
cheer up buddy. Tomorrow will be a better day! 😁
Here we are again. Marco Estrada is perfect through 3 innings. But how will the 4th go this time?
I'll try but Masonic Memorial doesn't let me get an internet connection. I've tried before covering other events.
Follow your dreams!!
I'll let you play with my XBOX if you let me play with your STATION and when we KINECT we'll both scream WII
im not losing my bestfriend, am i ??
i wanna leave home ):
Don't skip breakfast, it's the most important meal of the day!
A lot of my friends from high school have become really badass adults. It makes me happy.
Are you doing the relay? We want to feature you on FitMKE! Captains, interview your team, send to
Vegas. Los Tacos. Mandarin Suite-life …
and when does the 99% have to be spent by
nice!!! Lookin good out there with - said there are more of you then of them :)
Tonight's smoothie: strawberries, a banana, blackberries, vanilla bean yogurt, and peanut butter.
Less than 25 mins to go on today's episode of the show. Call 888-640-9385 to get in with Troy NOW. Check him out on
u would I think that
sexy last night was fun whip cream fight again love you my little bro
Thanks to the library, said cake could be shaped liked 90s TV sensation ALF!
Looking for swagg makers in Atlanta. I am looking for the best Atlanta Promotors who can pack a club in.... Text me @ 404-585-7641
My moms Birthday is Monday so im getting ready to head out and do some Birthday shopping for her
Excited for tonights ride:)
Barry White your sweetness is my weakness
your "man card" had officially been revoked..... 😳
For the DOOSH, 2012 is more than on...it's MORON
Hopefully I'll be at the game in a suite tomorrow!!!
Our wireless network is working exactly as designed! Why an exclamation point? Because it hasn't been!
Thank you for following us, look forward to hearing more from you
thanks for the retweet. I'm really tempted to get $49.172 worth of pennies. But how will I carry them home?
And is she?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone...:)
I have been waiting for years for the women to take over the men but they always chicken out!!
LML who the fuck u think u talking to? 0.o
About to watch jumanji n take a nap
no. I am going over a friends house tonight but going to the game next wed... So maybe then
OUCH!!! Wake up boyz. You can do it.
Happy Valentine!.. I Gonna Sleep!. GM
Ah!! 13 Days
Ready to take my a** out! #Ready 4 the Wknd
Cheers!! Love your Energy!!!
Got a new url www.tattoosbychurch.com
hey ! just heard you today on radio one and i have been listening to heart in your pocket on repeat since! so beautiful! x
just me or this FM MP fight overblown. Neither in their prime, early mid30s, hasn't MP won a few sketchy decisions recently??
"You're into depression 'Cause it matches your eyes. Stop the faux to be famous. Confused? You'll know when you're ripe."
HSPE = Hoping School Postpones Everything
Please welcome SquirtNetwork to the Max life
Chris: You probably get a more accurate view of the medical field from Greys Anatomy than you do of the tattoo biz from NY Ink.
Pretty little liars! :')
lol yeah buddy
thanks for the shout-out. You guys do great work!
I gotta admit; this show is pretty good and unscripted TV.....not bad
Gummy worms >
Massive telephone and email flurry -- the Unruly Music festival (March 8 - 10) is now officially at DEFCON 3. So much good stuff coming!
I agree! Just the situation on the whole is a lot of wasted energy.
Oh it looked good.
Shout out to everybody that came to chaparral last night and showed their support!!! Much Love & Respect! Unbreakable Ent....
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. -Mark Twain
If SUBWAY added an Angus Burger sub to the menu would you try it? It sounds money to me :)
S/O dem niggaz got some shit in da works
Remember: Tomorrow is pancake day for FOLMC! Come for breakfast or lunch.
Stock market folly odor what? Now we have one stock ($AAPL) seemingly disguising the market real weakness Magic hands at work overtime
Crap! You should have named the boy band "BONES 4 YOU"
I just ate Cinnabon while watching the biggest loser.
How to deal with death is at least as important as how to deal with life. ~ Admiral Kirk (William Shatner), 'Star Trek II:
so so so excited, asdfghjkl ah <3
UUUMMM HELL...WHAT BOUT ME??? DID U NOT SEE ME HOLLERIN FOR U SAT NIGHT??? SMH...
#FF Follow a couple of the Rogue Scholar Directors: (hipster anthropologist) (full contact book reader)
Thanks to everyone who has been hearing/heard our new song "where I am" and special thanks to those who got the secret meaning ;)...
he also called uw/'cuse where if the refs knew what a charge was, uw may have won
Cleaner. Smarter. Stronger. Rev3 Energy Drinks--- www.GetRevEnergy.com
For National Financial Literacy Month, is tweeting important tips about financial aid. Pass on to your college-bound students!
heard bout the hologram
We're sorry for the issues you've described, please contact Bob Lamb, so we can fix this.
"Improving all the time, I am improving as I kiss the hem - I promise I won't be a trouble at all." ::sufjan stevens::all for myself::
Because it has zero calories... According to the Coke website, Coke zero has the same amount of caffeine as Coke Classic.
The old guy made the movie.. lol
Any recommendations for us when we begin our fundraising campaign?
#MAHOMIES if you had 25 charactors only to say something to what would you say!?!
Saw Charlie Murphey last-night hilarious
$5 in the mega millions office pool
Just don't sneeze on the dummy! (unless you really need some extra texture)
i need a get outa jail free card
Are you optimizing for keywords in your articles or posts? Today's KW for my articles is dog dental care. Sounds funny, eh?
Dare to give a young child a a book for Christmas instead of a video game -and you will have a enemy for life... Wake up parents!
Auditioning continuously and taking care of vocal health will prepare you for the big opportunity when it comes.
It been very relaxing for me and Gomez. :)
hes sending that to everyone lmao
I'm mad u bac n the U.S and didn't tell me :(
Hey everyone! Come on over mention the tweet and get 15% off discount! Tonight only!
lol s is for
Yes, can we help you?
i didnt get it! :( what did it say? :o
Thanks so much for the hugs Michelle! I'm good just bored. Waiting on kids, story of my life. You doing ok, Book released?
Real nice Grandpa. :/ My Grandpa told me one of the closets that's broken fell on him. I told him he was probably messing around with it (c)
...Kenny Rogers, penny loafers.
Nope, I don't see them until June 10th in St. Louis I'm soo excited!! And thank you:D
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰Jr Phenom: Russell Wells ⁰Rising 8th Bend , OR Travel Team: Summitt Storm ⁰Shooting Guard 5’0
Stick to wearing cargo jorts and not baseball predictions
Mercury Men Q&A with Chris Preksta tomorrow at 7pm at the Frick Fine Arts Building on Pitts Campus. Re-Tweet if your coming!
haha aww!! How are you! When are we all TC? We haven't for a while
For at the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are & u know what u want ...
MayB I get her sum ova da weekend and surpise her
S/O to my new followers!!! Grind'n n shini'n
so true
just had a good mix of spinach, celery, apple, beet, carrot, kale - now off to work-out. yey!
So pumped for the home opener tomorrow! My absolute favorite day of the year.
welcome to twitter!
It's amazing the resistance he's gotten from his bosses over this for literally his entire radio career. Agony.
Remember to call your mothers for Mother's Day! A 10 minute phone call might not be a big deal to you, but it'll make mom's day! -A good son
RT Mayor Dave Bing was released from Henry Ford Hospital this morning. The Mayor will recuperate at home from surgery
I love those little icons!
Just watched Dirty Rotten Scoundrels in San Jose.
Perfect! lets make some beauty!
Psyched for Boot Camp Tonight! Have some crazy new stuff for you guys tonight! It's gonna kick A$$! Hope you're ready! Change Today!
Good morning! 💛
thank you! learn something new every day -- did not know that about oil/gas :)
Quick reminder for all you Reno coworkers out there, the space is closed tomorrow but is still available to card holders! Happy Holidays
Shitty washington haha.. Hey r u getting and sending weird messages from ur account?
Some kinda art stuff.
Enjoying Connectionopolis mtg this morning. Topic: Pinterest. At EDH Express (nice place!) Speaker:
Coye OR me, rather.
Big plans being made at Feast Portland: Food & Drink Festival central. If you aren’t excited yet, you should be.
please follow You won't regret it, she is such a big Enchancer. She loves you so much. 
Enjoy your day with sweet baby Grant, love! XO
APPLE SPICE JUNCTION OPENS TODAY IN BONNIE BRAE! 7 am - 4 pm
My grandma was Irish, and my grandpa was lesbian. That makes me quarter lesbian.
My 3 o'clock brick wall decided to come hang out now instead...
17 hours until #MURFC opens up Fall '11 Season against UW-Milwaukee! Come out to watch our versatile team hunt some Panthers!
#Broncos reportedly will pay half of the $5 million that was the "snag"
Guy speaking Chinese on The Filipino Channel. I'm so confused.
You wanna hang out?
I hate slow driving ppl
On facebook I can't write my true story because people judge me, but here I can write EVRYTHING! And jeez my life right now feels crappy!
I look forward to the cooler Fall Weather What's up though with all the rain? April showers bring May flowers, what does Fall showers bring?
lmao austin u and dave always put a smile on my face too funny going to school with a smile thank u kind sir (:
football time baby!
I wanna tweet someone. Text is better, but everyone I know here is asleep. Tweeople, if you're awesome, lemme know :)
Chillin on the couch, enjoying the latest and greatest internal dashboards, my Mom just game me a little green tea making lesson
Wow. Amazing week AND now we get to watch a football game. Great job hosting Indy!
S/O to for making me chicken enchiladas for dinner! we have the best boyfriend EVER.
tomorrow we will be competing at the aurarias has got talent competition between 3 pm and 6 pm come support us 2MX2 tivoli turnhall
yeah, sounds great
email songs to for a submission
you couldnt hit water if you fell of a boat ^.^
That was a hell of a ride by JB Mauney.
Can I have an ass like ? Foreal. #Please?
Lol! It's a longer lasting high! :)
omg u look like justin bieber!!! aw eww
--> Good morning, Jamie!
Never give up! Never quit!
You too!!!
what up bro, u ever end up posting those pix from ?
Argentina, here I come!!
Have to guess right now, who wins AFC North Balt or Pitt?
Will not go to posh again not my style
Starting back at square 1 with Spanish. Is it strange that on taught be one of the few words I have retained? Agua
Having as few as 20 books in the home still has a significant impact on propelling a child to a higher level of education...
and - tnx for follows!
Just woke up . You
"Hollywood Tonight" is a Michael Jackson song! Or... at least a song we were told was MJ but was likely someone else.
on the way to buffalo will be out of range soon. But go for it; team will get a kick out of it.
My Video to my song, "Do You Wanna Go" will be shot in a little under 3 weeks. Inbox me if you are interested in being there an in it!
Sorry but you actually can't say Ari isn't talented without looking like a fool. Even if you don't like her, you have to admit shes talented
well i dont no what to say but im not getting into because you one of my good friends and she is one of my good friends .
#Celtics lead the #Knicks 52-44 at the half. Ray Allen and Paul Pierce each with 16 points.
TMZ SAID THE ACURA COMMERCIAL RAN DURING THE SUPERBOWL W/SEINFIELD CASTING ASKED 4 A BLACK THAT WASNT 2 DARK FOR THE SALESMAN.
Thanks everyone for coming out to our Funding Roundtable tonight! We look forward to continuing to work with you on this important issue.
If life were a movie, would win an Oscar in his role of an ineffectual, conceited, apathetic mayor of an otherwise awesome city
I think I am going to Liam's cell phone to his head tonight. He talks on the phone so much I would be doing him a service.
great meeting you too! I am already scheming and thinking how I can get up there.:)
suck my toe
Took me a good 20 seconds to realize that the slide technology on my phone didn't know the word titletown.
I hate when my phone changes lmfao to Lmfao. Its only an upgrade to an upper case "L"...
Jobseekers, check out Manpower's answers to "What's the #1 thing you want to know about resumes?"
hope it's magical. Free at last.
I love glue (:
that be cool to,just don't give a shit load of money to me that i never earned.100 bucks a game,$1600 a year is fine.
We often try 2 fight and destroy our personal "demons" W/O help and when we do they try to beat us to the punch by trying to destroy us 1st.
im making an effort today
#scenekidsruineverything <- the fuck is this?? .... People call me scene. I wear yoga pants and zombie shirts. GET ON MY LEVEL
Hey girlie, how are you? DO YOU REMEMBER ME?
#sometimesijustwant to smack you.
It took so long because Jerry is to long to transport.
Thank you! (blush) RT : Cool people to chat with: and for taco talk,
HEY its sabrina(: lol i made this new account b/c my friends got mad at me because i would spam their timeline with austin(:
Ethiopia Habtemariam new SVP of Motown Records/EVP/Head of Urban Music for Universal Music Publishing Group. Motown now aligned with IDJ
The things I would do to be with Natalie Portman.
How're all my followers doing on this fine evening?
the little ladies who collect cans have woke me up the last two mondays bc the amount of beer cans &bottles aw yay little ladies! #$$$
shouldn't u be sleeping by now?? Another sloppy day at work tomorrow hu??
lol what lil dude? Before u get stuck
My Tweets column is on the wrong side. #annoying #FridayThe13th?
BA Plead the Fifth...jealous
I see you found Eric! lol!!
I'll remember that
WHAT?! I can't STOP listening to it! Mighty Breath of God? Show me Your Glory? The breakdown at the end of My Soul Longs for You?
Ferguson - Stanley Fischer is one of greatest living economists in the world.
Yuhh Follow Me I Will Follow Yuhh JusttThaa Easy!
Make every tweet count ;)
do you know there's Fossil iPad cases! 😁
So pissed that we don't have late arrival! But I'm glad its thursday though
you are so close to breaking rihannas record! I got a good feeling about this! :)
yes! so do you still want me to bring the watermelon?
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your updates and tweets. Cheers! Lee
Leap Day means we get to enjoy Bock for an extra day this year. Sweet.
... that's why he opted to change the locks in my absence.
Just in case you're wondering, we're taking a breif hiatus to enjoy the birth of my 2nd son, Maxwell James Simpson, born Sept 16th. More...
I hadn't realized they had podcasts. That sounds like just the thing when I tire of language tapes. Thanks for the tip!
If smartphones were allowed we would run the table.
I know, right?! I feel like I haven't seen you in FOREVER! Miss you!
I didn't even know that happened.
I knowww . lol it's okay ^-^
happy birthday Rochelle, sorry i am a bit late in the day saying this, hope you've had a fab day- sounds like a great
pride goeth before the fall
I didn't get the reference. Please explain.
Watching special on HBO @ Jack Kevorkian & I'm getting ticked that his right to free speech was taken away.
My grandma just asked me to teach her how to txt O_o
‎[Campus Bulletin] If you have no idea how to do a final exam question, just draw a funny picture. Best one gets 0.1 added to their GPA!
#Navy236 Thanks for keeping America safe
Blah blah blah :P
Back online - that was a trying three days ...
Trying to style on the civilians at Riverwalk with blues on
13,220 new policy & news events, transcripts, congressional testimony & member news releases on LexisNexis, Factiva & ProQuest this week
BIRTH CONTROL FOR EVERYONE!
maybe August they'll go in
Wow, Vero kicked some ass. 👌
thank you :)
just sent it out on the gcsoc student list for good measure.
It was a great time! Thank you for joining us!
How about that HEAT :)
:(((( soon!! Lol RT : This is when I wish I could drive so I could go visit !! :( and get some chinese
THIS JUST IN, YOU ARE ALREADY IN HELL. happy.
Let me get some of that meth head cock.
Thx! Followed you back. :)
True that.
Padvertisement has teamed with Choice and Kimpton hotels to place interactive iPad ads in front of guests. Your venue can participate too.
Over in South Hampton England. Could have sworn it was Monday all day. Great studio today regardless of my blondeness! Happy Wednesday!
Individuals Polled On &quot;What Part of SEO Process is the Most Difficult?&quot;
When my hair looks bad then nothing looks good
Thursday nite, Houston modern,luxury party, roark on outbursts...?yes?
it's not that i would have gone if I didn't have 3 weeks left of school and too much to do
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. – Benjamin Disraeli
Walking around proctor in Tacoma, Wa. It's a nice sunny day. :)
is back! One of my favorite voices EVER. Yay !
well its completely obvious i dont have a game, haha so im good any day(:
it's like an electronic bulletin board. Great if your creating a vision board, saving pix of images for redecorating, etc.
Good night everyone(:
Yes with Colt. No For Lester but hope Im wrong. And I Blame Canada.
If you haven't heard from me, it's because I'm frantically revising my novel. If you need me, please leave me a message in chapter 4.
You see the hate that they serving on the platter. So what we gonna have, desert or disaster?
Apparently I'm a coyote trainer now.
It's almost here!! RT : Sunday May 20 @ UNIFEST alongside LUCIANO and many more! #partyrockin unifestlive
I may support this. Bring back Eaton! RT": Mark Eaton. Trade him for me."
So excited for Staci J to pop her cherry tonight !!!
Lesson learned: knit complete pair of socks back to back... I'm avoiding casting on for my 2nd anklet, even though I enjoyed making the 1st.
Sorry I called you annoying :/ #MyOnlyHero do you guys do a stickam??? You should...
I will be in St. Louis Park, Roseville and Forest Lake. Need a window cleaning estimate today?
Don't Ever Say " I grew up With That Nigga Thats My Brother He Wouldn't Dp That!" You Never No What a Person Would Do
this would be a fun startup weekend project & maybe get you a Mac foothold. All inspired by #nikefuel (pedometer)
What you say about renal pathology is what you say about society.
no it doesn't. Who wants to by new shirts all the time. I wear clothing that fits me, not small clothes. Lol
extra medium?
Awe! oh it's happening!
Bought Haribo Tangfastics for but had to bust em open after McDs ran out of Cadbury egg McFlurries.Will replace!
RT - Next time you pass a Walgreen's, take a close look at the W. Then look at the Washington Nationals' "W" ... do the Nat...
How in the hell do you eat all my snacks, buy me more to replace them, then eat them again???....Im done just dont buy me anymore hahahahhaa
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.-Keating
omg. It is hot as hell lol. Let's lay out! I need a tan.
Awesome turn out for 1/2 off bottle Wednesday! Such a beautiful day again! What's your favorite time to come into Enoteca?
I DON'T KNOW ANY REALLY DOE
All your decisions affect everyone in this family. So many things I'm not able to do just because of you..
And-away-they-go... Wishing everyone a fun safe time at the Del Mar Racetrack Opening Day. Best of Luck on the ponies!
Classy cheers for #SteveNash in Phoenix.
Take it all in
Why, hello Saturday, so good to see you again!
Oh yeah! Central Hudson Restores Service to Nearly 100,000 Customers in Two Days
let's do it
Thank you for the mentions and follows
OMG...is your apartment okay except for the BBQ smell?? yikes!
Im at Texas lol
Did someone you know get engaged recently? Call now and both of you can benefit from the referral program and huge sale going on!
Arutrs was Like wall!!
Spartans going for that big ten title today go state!
That's right!
I wish! For some reason I'm hitting mostly the Mid-West for paperback....DC, Milwaukee, St. Louis, Denver.....
RT Become familiar with Gods Word.. so familiar that in the midst of your unseen battles you can readily speak it out!
The only game tonight is
please to meet you
"Digital literacy" is just "learning" in the 21st century
Holiday bowl !
Lolololol RT : Michael Jackson Moaning > Trey Songz entire career.
Mmmh! Rihanna. You don't get it.
haha give me your accent n ill give you mine;D? fairs
you naughty, naughty boy!
it was so easy being popular in elemantary school.All i had to have was the 64 pack of crayons with the built in sharperner
Happy Ghanaian Independence day! #goghana today you're 55!
Dang Dallas lost
I like making low keys moves when I'm out in the public .. nice, quiet, hidden gem places ... quality music, experience and dining ...
Just passed Flower shop full of last minute V day shoppers. Note to the guy buying 2 gerber daisies: that's just not going to cut it.
Is that a euphemism for....?
aging, reliability theory and systems failure (Gavrilov et al 2006..) ("load" 17 hits. Using "damage load", not "mutation load".)
Geez. I might as well stay up and watch the sunrise...
Tell a nigga some shit ans they gone feel some type of way about it and that's the whole point
Land, hospitality, multi-family, office, industrial, retail and others. Closing challenging transactions is what we do
Winter's Tale work starts tonight at 7 at PushPush. Come play.
The desire to take medicine is perhaps the greatest feature which distinguishes man from animals.
Had a great time with last night! Thanks to all those that attended despite the heat!
Happy Presidents day! Don't forget today is the last day to shop tax free at the 900 N Michigan shops!
Quick turnaround! Free member tickets for Wednesday's game can be reserved at noon tomorrow at joinsporting.com.
I'm lost here in this moment and time keeps slipping by.
I'll be introducing the stases next week.
The stock market has risen 70 percent from its low in March 2009. <---That was, until today.
saw Patient (after Seybold) last night. I have no interest in melancholy as literary tradition or otherwise. This movie reminded me of that.
As a Mets fan I long for the days of John Franco. We have no closer. Ugh.
Talents within do not have an expiration date!That being said little willow needs about a 5 year break!Enroll that girl in summer camp ASAP
Woah this hotel is insane
": Pussy shouldn't be dirty like what I'm drinkin shawty" Already Bruh when you gone fuck with us
I don't see why he's not starting
CONEHEAD MITT: We know you're not of this Earth! (Riding an elevator in a car with a dog strapped to the roof?)
It's the lip and brow combo ;-)
Bumped up to business class only to find my feet don't reach the floor up in here.
Looking for some professional focus/inspiration, suggestions as far as where to start with one of your books?
David Knox seminar today was awesome!
thank you for that.
Do you have questions about Alumni Weekend? We have the answers. Contact us at 1.800.955.0065.
I have been up much of the night working with MPD on the response to the shooting on the 700 Block of Princeton.
I'm not gonna talk to you if you have a girlfriend so stop trying -_-
out & about shopping 4 red dresses. Hope youse are having fun!
hows that face feel after the dominating #slapbox? Can't wait till #TC uploads that biznizz
you are my rock but keisha has been good wit them & girl alway love dem too much
Love to Love:
I know Walt's son!
What a save
But omg I'm meeting Candice, Michael, Steven, David and Kat in melb convention in June. Something to look forward to in the long break ^.^
Pick me! Pick me! At least you look really cute and young in it.
Can't wait for the #deerVSmonkey battle tomorrow! Go rangers!
I never understood that really, is that just how they sing or do they have to practice that?
#GMEN. RULE. #newyorkgiants show them Pittapats how to play at
Thanks but it will be little difficult to go their concert!!!!!
Night = ruined. I wish I could be numb of emotions right now.
Happy Tuesday: Fashion fun, who was your favorite dress at this year's annual Costume Institute Gala ?
Let it me known...Model UN for iPad and Android tablets....coming out first quarter of 2012. :-)
With cats in the house now, my socks also double as lint brushes for the wood floor.
The boyz are like 2 hours away from me. ♥♥
You are not biased to humanity. YOU are biased in favor of murderors! Hamas murders Civilians! BE HONEST!
Work break in LA: hiked up the mountain , looked over town, watched a hawk couple circling above me while the sun set-
If iWake Up Tomorrow & ' You Still Aint Here !
testing virtual meter clouds that change virtual topology and cluster according to real-time data measurements: event-driven approach to AMR
We might try looking into a chihuahua...
LOVING unlimited yoga at my favorite yoga studio this month. Eating yoga with a buffet mind-set! I will be doing this again. <3 <3 <3
My lip is still swollen from the piercing, hope it's gone by tomorrow /:
WTF?!?! jeez poLson youd think you would get more considering you guys have been SLAPPPIN BITCHES! haha
Woohoo. Being an adult, acting like we don't have kids ! #parent thoughts
oh . lul i feel dumb now
Last night had dinner at Park Tavern in North Beach or whatever that neighborhood is called and it was amazing. You should go
What's hotter, your kitchen or Michael's hot peppers? Come get some now!
we love u too <3
The Israelis are willing partners in seeking peace. But the shelling, stabbings and suicide bombings MUST STOP!!!
Felt bad for telling my little brother that i wasnt going to his concert so im just gonna go and suprise him :)
wow my brain can't process what my eyes do see. And no, James's mom doesn't even own an Ihedigbo jersey. Welker perhaps?
Hey Junior, show some respect and take your cap off for the anthem. Oh, and pull your pants up.
I can't wait to see you this week. Counting the days!!!!
I know we're all genuinely concerned about the recent tornados but there seems to be some serious storm porn going on
Mike piazza in the stands at the US game in Italy?
Hey New York City! It's FRIDAAYYYY and it's a beautiful one! B4 you head out to enjoy your day apply to our focus groups
thanks lol I don't need saving ;)
from : "a great app grants a wish"
movie was pretty good. It was worth seeing.
My best friend lost his mom today, she was gone too soon. She was an angel on earth and now in Heaven, we will miss her. Love you.
Happy Graduation! Why aren't you walking tho?
LMFAO : #ColumbineTweet RT : !!!!!! RT : i Hate Them Black Children At My School . So Fuckin Childish
Who knew Aramis Ramirez would be the stability in the Brewers infield this season?
Hey everyone. Tomorrow is Friday! Live this weekend like it's your last! We'll be in the studio this Monday! We'll be thinking of you guys!
Front Desk Thurs: Thanks 2 Alaska State Museum grant, watching our windows get covered w/ a UV/solar energy blocking film! Happiness ...
When it's laundry day, I seriously regret changing my outfit 3 times before leaving for school each morning.
Jay-Z named his daughter Blue Ivy. Will rappers ever stop degrading women?
dear : it should not take more than 30 minutes to simply pick up an rx.
And it's right down the street from my house...
I hope you partied it up for your mom's first mommy's day!!
Mean girls
Illness has kept me from the Italian Film Festival this weekend cinema, but you really oughta go. It's free; today's the final day.
#Broncos Dawkins "I have been told I will never be on Dancing with the Stars."
Eric has class late tonight, which means it's my night to cook ... which means yes, I did just order pizza.
Ry Cooder just sent an Email, he wrote the score for my first USA-impression , will talk to him later, so excited
Got dammit I missed it!
lol. Good one.
Training Truth: The overweight athlete who can bench press 300 pounds yet not do a single pull-up is not very strong at all.
Ugh...stuck on a bus due to #ObamaTraffic...should have taken the subway
R U attending any #oscarparties this weekend?
not that I think all TRS fans are dumb but you get it I think hahaha.
Off to Philly!
Going to spit in dylans eye while he's sleeping tonight. Mess with me;)
it a song
Your Welcome (:
Thanks so much for the retweets!
ha ha thanks
UNC just lost. Kentucky just lost. This is why I love March
Fyi: we clean windows in some of the worst weather conditions. Its just part of our jobs.
I tried , but I don't think it will happen ...
So thankful! With all that God is in control of, He still chooses to be SO involved with little me.
#PayWhatYouCan double header today: #MonkeyAdored #Bhutan Come cozy up with us & some wine from the donation bar
thanks! Glad you dig us :) how are ya?!
"Their flesh in the green light has the suggestion of decomposition."- WHERE THE CROSS IS MADE
thank you love you so so much!!! This weekend will be the best! :)
I feel like poo
Maybe even reward myself w/ a lil time in jacuuuuuzi
How To Prune The Enterprise Link Tree
Today: 82° with isolated PM T'storms. Tonight: Mostly clear, 50°
congrats bro!!!!
Hello Luciane, it is good to see you here. Did you get my message on Facebook? I wait for your order.
I been puttin me on too long!
hey gab follow me
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it....
Can such things be created or replicated in classroom environment. [-]
Please help my friends get on the amazing race!!! Please repost!!
absolutely not.
Great products result fr “trying to expose urself to best things humans have done,then bring those things into what u r doing.”Steve Jobs
starting now, if you're nice to me... I'll be nice to you. no matter what I may have heard about you. #fuckrumors. #fuckpeople. Idc anymore.
I'm not beauty queen, I'm just beautiful me. <3
Thanks for the shout out! The most interesting panda in the world will soon be coming out of hibernation. Always Stay Crazy my friends.
of course! What made you think he didn't?
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry. - William Shakespeare
Oh my god. I need to call my grandma.": gma is starting to go to tai chi in the park!"
hertz. They're number one. Gold.
I am attracting powerfully positive and healthy people into my life.
I think we did pretty awesome last night - don't you? Hahaha
OMG yes! Have you seen the vid of him dancing with his friends? He can shake his booty better then I can!!!
Wow RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the remainder of the season, Bulls announce.
Our #ala10 booth is now on FourSquare. At the end of the conference, we will send the Mayor some nifty swag. Checkin at booth
Cheap Prescriptions - Savings up to 55% - Publix - VIAGRA -
Rihanna’s Dad Ronald Fenty Approves of Chris Brown: “He’s a nice guy…”
Congrats to ! You've won the first set of Irish Fest tix. DM us.
I read that and it blew me away. I'm constantly quoting it to people.
thanks I love you! :)
Up at 6 means house picked up (and subsequently destroyed), 3 miles run, all by 9am. Rock.
In Seattle i had a cab driver who explained the cost savings of flying to eastern europe for dental procedures.
I take it double d is safe?
Great seats still available at the door for TONIGHT'S highly anticipated debut of the NAFC at WI State Fair. Main card 7:30. Over 20 bouts!!
welcome to SA!
RT : Take a look... Good Ideas here... It's Not Too Late To Find Gifts For Him On #Etsy Under 20$ by Joshua...
Get out, get out, get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
it's raining again!! :D
Who ever heard of coldplay except 4 now, cuz I hope Im not dat only 1 here
Sometimes... i just cry knowing that you've changed so much..
Thanks for the follow Say hi to everyone in NYC for me!
I think i tweet more in the night?
good try thinking motor vehicle and shopping
Cooking dinner.. Gonna break out the Wok!
I'm just a young girl trying to make the most of what God has given me
Thanks for the follow and shoutout!
lol did u when and how much do they cost
nah I'm good dude. Thanks though
I want my beard back.
hey what's happening to holly!?
Does anyone know a great foreign language school in Houston, TX?
need new people to follow and new followers
We're on twitter!
Awesome! Thanks buddy!
just trying to stay awake through the night. Quite the insomniac or what?
I'll be hunting latenightjimmy down in Call of Duty.
Thx to all of you for your support! RT : Thank you to for all the help w
Its a shame that I see my boyfriend way less than you see yours and your relationships fail. My advice learn to actually value your time.
Christ, Betty, why not just mainline it?
When girls post like 50 pictures and look exactly the same.
Haha! I almost went with that angle but finally decided on the other route. Thanks, Nipples! :)
Darn #Verizon needs 2 focus on something we care about... bills that make freaking sense and don't look like a #JackSparrow treasure map!
I'm really glad you dig the stuff. There will be a music video for arma pretty soon too!
i watched hawks destroy blues last night...first footy game i ever seen. pretty cool.
A little obsessed with Kimbra right now. Her EP is $3.99 on iTunes.
Got canned heat in my slip-resistant heels tonight.
My freakin' tooth hurts. My face is all swollen still lol!! But fuck it, I'm still awesome <3
Kush in the air
so great to have you Premiere your episode with us. Congratulations on your audience choice win!
I hate to bail early on ya, but I forgot to get my Smarter.Bolder.Faster. pic taken. Great Job!!
Great punt. Our offense moved the ball lets see how well with our great te and yac rb. Defense will be aggressive and challenge A smith.
lightning talk on chat support link added to the Koha staff interface menu
np:) have a great day.
Having a hard time figuring out a name for my column for #ThePaisano! Arg.
Talked the husband into veggie pizza. We are both in love. (With the pizza, in addition to each other lol). Win for Tonic!!
com’s expert team for more information on which sleeping bag is most suited for your needs if you have any doubt
Very cool picture of you!
Jordan Catalano was my first crush. <3
Happy birthday Yoko!
i bet looks amazing! thanks for the update! did you find a dress?
NYC ranks 1st as a global business center in a worldwide survey of cities followed by London, Paris, Tokyo and Hong Kong
I mean, would it have killed them to write some things down for posterity?
thank you!!!
atleast it makes sense you have a twin named that! Better then calling you a random name lol
Now, I got to get ready for this anger management class in a little. Er
They'd be large and annoying, but it'd be worth it.
I wish I knew what it feels like to #tellhimyoulovehim but I'm to Afraid -.- to experience it
and it 5 yet?
Other than casting Patrick Wilson, that movie made zero good decisions regarding Laurie/Dan
Im Talking about Now!! its 1:43 your not supposed to look cute Kam!
you like though? Haha I replied :b
What she said didn't change my opinion about myself but it just made me happy and was like a big "fuck you" to the jerk...
with THE FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES MICHELLE OBAMA due to time mix up UUUGGGGGG!!!!!!! Can I start today over :(
says its not about who's real to your face, its about who's real behind your back
Next up, Green Water Treatment Plant redevelopment. Martinez says there is "way too much left" to do.
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 3
94 more days until Warped!
Lets go Rick Hawn!.
": Creme Ancienne Infusion tonight! My hydrated skin thanks you" - Ditto, I'm addicted to it and my skin loves it.
Lucroy basically just told you to go fuck yourself
Was up twitter? Busy busy busy day
Miss Ethnic World Pageant will be held September 19, 2010 at 7pm at the Radisson Westside in Los Angeles.
When u look in the mirror R u happy with YOUR reflection? U CAN be!
Aw thanks! I'm excited to take baby photos!
tired haveto get some sleep bigday on monday,,
#Taboo2 Tonight ! Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT ! All 2012 Graduates Free Til 12 !
There were 33 players in today's $140 buy in noon tournament.The top 5 places get paid, first is $1585. Next tournament is tonight at 7 pm.
Go completely digital on those flashcards and forget the printing and cutting for good.
Asian girls look so cute pregnant... I just wanna kick them in the uterus.
Powering through.
I'd ask on the Strophe mailing list. I'm not familiar with Openfire's requirements for group chat.
Sweating it out watching the #nyrangers. Game 7. Bring it.
Orthopedic doctor hello, my legs and ankles are severly messed up...welcome to my problem.
I'm Craving for a Dorito Taco I wish fast food delivered .
my job is transferring me
Follow #dealchat is great tonight!!
is it about the cape!? I thought that was tmorrw!
Well deserved media coverage Joe & team. Well done!
Buying myself Jason Mraz tix as a graduation gift. Who wants to come? He's the best, I swear.
Clock strikes 7:30 and my day is already flawless! Happy Mother's Day to my girls! I love you, guys!
Follow for me please <3
I am so sick of these dudes in Pittsburgh where can I find a real man who can hold a conversation and take ME out for a good time!?!? 😠😒
"It's said #Obama is a #socialist. I don't doubt he's sympathetic to #socialism but, to be true to the meanings of words, he's a #fascist."
'01 ACC Champs...its about time we get another one this year coach...Go Terps!
Morning. Finishing up my last paper of the semester today. I can't wait to be done!!!
Got my school date for may 12 get done wit wlc n then June house gets packed up 29 plane to Puerto Rico yea
Will Farrell is funny as fuck
Thanks Frank! Your work with youth is inspirational - looking forward to updates!
Do horse-racing commentators ever use election metaphors?
Thanks for the #Followback! RT Following back!!!! Lol. Thanks for following me.
8/20/2010 What the Grateful Dead Can Teach Us About Choosing Memorable Brand Names Fast Company
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
To prevent that cakey look on your blemishes dot a non matte concealer around the blemish & blend inwards.The texture will look more natural
shit getting there :* I like <3
Join me Sunday for some bona fide Chicago jazz featuring Mike Allemana Marlene Rosenberg, and Paul Abella at Uncommon Ground 8 pm
A Black Queen in a Blue Ocean: How Microbes Evolve to Depend on Each Other - Huffington Post
will be the next iron chef!! If not, then its rigged
KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT Acquires 255-Unit Complex in Baltimore Suburb - MarketWatch (press release)
- Almost always manual. You guys?
what did u eat to make your tung soo colourfull hehe x and I love your shades x #followme pleaasee make my year/life x
We be tight like frog's ass. Having you screaming Biggie Biggie give me one more chance.
Every time I started scrolling through my paper to find something, I'm compelled to type tl;dr.
Goodnight everyone bye
#BOYFRIEND10DAYS :) woo, can't wait *__*
Get on the floor, gimme some more. Come to da club, spinnin' those dubs. Vomit my drank, go to da bank. Made a #rap song. $10 million plz
Patience and timing lead to another day of successful trading. The ability to read the character of the market is key to strategy selection
I agree! I find things like that fascinating.
thanks boo! When are you free this week? My parents are out of town let's get drunk!
How's Ryan Atwood playing? RT : Sandy Cohen of Seymour playing exceptionally well for Blaze in Waukegan.
“Money grows on the tree of persistence”
Thanks for the RT! I hope the Lewis clan is doing well. :)
Domestic drafts & house wines only! RT I won my office bracket. Time to pick where and are taking me for drinks
Board meeting launched at
Dreamweaver, my old nemesis. We meet again.
she so cute
FYI stay away from your haters. I have drama free page tweet me all day much love on here. Love my tweets.
#Hot & #Dangerous :)
God is the only man who has my heart, he is the only man i will ever be in love with.
Job CA or WA - 150k-250k File Systems Devs, SQL Server Devs, Java Server Side, Storage Protocols.
Ready to Sell Your Home for Condo Life? Homeowners everywhere are realizing that owning a single family home just isn’t for them. Althoug
INTERN ADVICE - YOUR BOSS: Understand & exceed expectations. Know pet peeves & unspoken rules. Check-in often. Volunteer. Be a team player.
Redneck First Aid Kit: Super Glue and Duct Tape. if that aint enough...ur screwed..
the way says Don'y be so shy in #SaySomethin <3
me too. tweet high fives
Listen 2 really c what's on a hoes mind n c what she got 2 say... Then a pimp gotta just pimp accordingly after that
I hate sushi but I love Pussy
Good Morning, thespians. Happy Monday.
Our hot water works again! Im glad I washed my hair in the sink!! Gr...
I'm tweeting on my Ipad
watched a vid someone made of with "this is why I'm hot" in the backround. now the song's stuck in my head. this is what I get
Congrats Demi you're actually super talented!.
thanks for the RT! :)
I feel your pain
Watching #projectrunway and my support is behind Gunnar Deatherage, from Louisville. Not a fan of Laura Kathleen, who put down WKU. Ouch!
looks great!!!
This Girl Told Me I'm Always Happy , Hmm You Just Don't Know .
#hth2012 "What u get for playing dirty RT Target to stop selling Kindles as brick &mortar rebellion against Amazon "
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 26
Craziness. Some guy fell through the ice up here a couple days ago. We made it on and off the ice unscathed, however.
yeah! I'm excited to see what Skylar does ;)
#DontWifeHerIf she not faithful nd trustworthy
I see a Conrad walkoff in the near future!
Trying to look innocent I see.
In the "Who to follow" section of Twitter, Taylor Swift came up. I'm proud to say that none of my friends follow her.
want Mexican?
If I was still cool with Oomf I'd call him and talk all kinds of shit about this game
are you kidding me #apple #mountainlion? i dont even have lion yet. how many times doyou want people to reformat there computer?
ITS JUST THE MATTER OF TIME TIL OKC TAKE OFF ON THE LAKERS
ending Wednesday or beginning Wednesday? I wouldn't mind taking on a short term project this week ;)
Sad RT “: Guy drove through the War Memorial last night. Through the glass and down the stairs. Good grief.”
the two of us tonight, we can make it last forever
Shout out to Anna from Florida!16
r u from Chicago area, we have a foxhill here?
the winning team will be Kentucky!
Didn't know there was anything pretty in tukwila .. Turns out the community center and water way is suprising oasis.
thanks Paul what are you doing now?
thanks! by the way, did my folks fill out your RenPrep survey? i sent the link out.
Reading psychic lectures by Richard Feynman. He was such an amazing teacher.
Customer service at is comparable to - AWESOME!
unwife, you should always smile, whether you book or not. Your face was made to smile.
LOL! i don't understand the question, and i refuse to answer it.
I hope this type of repair is temporary. PG&E is so enamored with "standards" I'm surprised this is allowed.
Loving the snowy day -- mostly because I'm working from home today and don't have to drive in it!
your website looks great! Did #BentleyPC create that for you? :-D
#Roseville hockey coach says he's been accused of bullying, but he is the real victim. Spoke before board tonight.
Hope to see you in #Pittsburgh soon!
Last night was funn a'f!(:
I'm the young city bandit
Movie with the boyss
practice your dance moves to Journey by chance?
Love = trying to do a little shopping for your wife.. even though you know she probably going to return everything.
Greetings, lawman of the north.
I've only seen one half but it's painfully clear. #Clippers are the best ticket in L.A.
stand up and shout "just keep swimming, just keep swimming"
RT : Knicks fans lucky this is not the best of 5 series. Yep.
Grab some swim trunks before your summer weekend get a way!
Had a nice Workout at The Y
#WeWantTheKoganVideo trend this
Please is right, no relapses of last night's 2nd half.
Relaxing with tonight.
Friday the 13th😱 going to watch some scary movies to get in the mood. I love scary things 👻
hahah obviously I'm on everyone's mind. Sorry I'm not sorry I have the same name
haha morning crazy!
Holiday truth.
your smell carried on into our car. It's a good thing you smell good!
come to chicago please.....! I cant go outta town for your concerts...:/ come to my graduation...? Ahah.
what have you been up to
mine too “: #Brewers face off against one of my all-time favorites, former Brewers' lefty Chris Capuano. #class”
