I'm working sister! #Grassroots!
Nothing seems to wake me up like a nice workout, no thanks coffee I am good
Gladly! RT : Happy #AlbarinoDay! How about something a little different to celebrate: Albarino perhaps?
thanks for the RT!
There are often opportunities for beta game testing that are unpaid
In Lockhart this weekend? Grand Opening at our newest location in the Chisholm Trail Vet Clinic. Sat 6/18 10-2pm. Food, Drinks, and...
We have a whole new redesigned website (thank you Szeto). Check it out. If you need a web designer, email him @
A Great Natural Hair Vision for 2012----->Chop it. Nurture it. Style it. Love it! <3
Napkin of lap, place on chair, leave, resume part in conversation for restaurant break #DID2012 etiquette training
I was born to
You're talking about classics? What does that have to do with indy vs big6 pubs? Big6 re-publishes more classics than indys.
“: you need to get south east Michigan like Adrian and Detroit in there to maybe toledo Ohio :)” Sounds fun!=)
each NBA player is his OWN business but its the Olympics and its for USA and they have the right to NOT play stay home shut up
NOLO #Now Only Live Once.
I'm glad you liked the #Social27 UI developed for the #DellWorld Live Online. Seeing more demand for similair UI
RT : Thanks to the amazing teams of and 4 making #GRAMMYnoms a success!!
Nothing like dating a Cult-leader type of boyfriend at the time-made me HATE Music after breaking up. Soured me on so much. Wasted 7long yrs
YES. Cee Lo and his puppets rock my world. Its like Fraggle Rock up in this b*tch and I LOVE it! Add in some Gwneyth? F'in Amazing
Just got home from a PTA meeting and saw the results of the NC vote. Sad that discrimination won tonight. Love to all affected.
“ "somebody gon come and snatch my good ol' ass up" - 👌💋”
Tune in for #HPLive coverage of the #Illinois primary at 7:45 pm! We'll have the traditional Natty Light, plus fancy Illinois beer.
Good Luck to all students doing their capstones this weekend
If conference/seminar is a local association (not State or Regional) activity of a HR professional chapter (e.g. SHRM, IHRIM) = FREE LISTING
#dumptruck you had was the shit had velour seats
i watch ur videos, i see your picture, i see your tweets, i see your posts and all i do is cry.. i miss our friendship greyson..
I Vote for #8 - Amy Lynn to win the
well u need da right guy
Zombie Strippers!!!
wow letter u meen
#AskConstancio can you follow me?(:
And of course continue to spoil my baby girl she gne be spoiled rotten just like her momma but she won't be selfish like her dad
Tell EVERYONE you know to listen to Pastor/Messianic Rabbi & Author of the National Best Seller, The Harbinger, WORLDWIDE Today 11am-12noon
RG3 > Honey Badger
i don't lift weights, i just rep my city
“: #ASTDSCWC Learn Inspired, Live Inspired--It's Here!” so excited!
Nothing planned this weekend? Catch #CaryHoffman performing live at #Sofias!
Watching Never Back Down 2 for the first time in the van! So cool to hear our song in the film!
3 Girl Scout Caramel deLites + Steep & Brew Breakfast Blend = Breakfast between #liveatdaybreak shows
same excuse, different day
Thx very much!
i wished greyson would get on....i miss him :(
Meh... boo him. You probably weren't booing him yesterday, but whatever
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is chicken nuggets
“Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.” -
HAHA! poor leo is used to the rejection id say. i look forward to binning chris ashton for "being an arsehole."
RT : If we are not following you @ us and we will follow back.
I wish I was in Brooklyn right now ringing in my aunty debbie birthday!!!
Fadi's and friends is the perfect combo!
sorry! my fone died! but do u wana come over? and then mabet later we can go surfing?!?!?!?? <3 :)
Really? Mr. Let-bosses-deny-their-employees-ANY-kind-of-treatment? Really?
That's cool... except that it'll likely be the Rangers/Kings: 2 giant markets that Bettman will horribly market for fans.
thanks for the follow! followed ya back.
OMG its so awesome.
Yes! Full episode of Upper West Side branch. Well worth listening. Ended well, oddly.
I was in Virginia on assignment, suh.
Are Lakers fans finally realizing your team has no chance to win? ;) you should start haha
I bet it was u who told brett I left Supperclub & went to Playhouse! Gettin me in trouble!
just finished sewing the glitter shorts we made Aaron Axelsen with a secret pocket of "rock-n-roll bribbery"
LOO!!! Hey there my friend. How ya been?
I noticed more graduate students than ever. That's a good sign, I think.
- Great to see you too!
I wish things were back to the way it used to be.
Have u ever seen the video 2 girls one cup??? So nasty imagine if 2 dudes do that....
Hey gorgeous! Taking a little study break? I'm going to miss you when you go back to NY :(
Was not expecting this to turn out like it did, wow. This is upsetting..
new year, new money, new friends
Church time...omg i am 2 tired 4 this bt blessed im here
where do you stay?
We aren't Rhee. Who are you?
Win a $25 Chili's GC & a $25 Fandango GC. Follow & RT this & Like us on Facebook for a chance to win! Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8
i know he acts his ass off but other then that i guess the rest is to be seen :p
Hi, it's your old friend & author of BY THE BALLS, Jim Pascoe! I sent you a message on facebook. Would love to chat.
I use that kind of negativity to fuel my drive.
it was confusing until halfway through, but worth it. It's a bit like reading a fractal.
Where are u
you and tie so two VIP each!!! Congrats!!!! Plus tshirts for all of you
Its quite funny how your implying I'm the self fish one right now.
S/O to my boy back on the town!
if you are in need of an accounting or tax firm for youself or for your family we are here to help out. call us at 718-378-2610
Not only did some bitch fuck up my sales wit a return, the bag she gave me had her dirty ass underwear in it. Im gettin drunk.
IIght yall BE on the look out for the return of DEM SWAGGA BOYZ this time sexier then ever.
Happy holiday to all on twitter world:)
Sparkes and freeway can dance to the beach boys at their wedding!
#Bbn getting on plane to head to new Orleans
Hi Lauren, how goes the recovery?
You can now text us all ur hair extension needs! Visit our website for more details!!
hello and okay (:
In my elem library, I deeply weeded ref. a couple of yrs ago & no one has missed it!
awe, come on. That place isn't that bad anymore, I promise! Haha
I'm fucking done!? I'm just gonna be homeless or just live in my ride either way I can manage...
we should probably send Obama out there to investigate
i can run really fast as well
best vocal of the season for you! Just beautiful! You and were top 2 tonight for sure!
i just left mine ! the roller tables are the shit <3
Thank YOU Big Bruh..from DOCTA FUNKKNU..I needed those kind words you shared
haha :') are you staying on ?
I'm not serious! In just being polite!
can you dm your contact info please? Thanks
I love my Sat. Morning Breakfast Group! Everyone should have a group of friends/peers to meet with regularly. It helps at any career level.
Dont Take The Things You Have For Granted. Be Happy With What You Have.
I am. What exactly do you need? I'd be glad to help with whatever I can. If anything, shoot me a message if you like.
#nercomp12 connectyard adopted by univ texas panamerican.wanted to integrate social media aspects of student lives
Is the President going to use political capital to allow DC to spend its own local tax dollars w/o Cong. appropriations?
#explore Sioure Streaming media servers. Setup your online #television or #radio station
At the dentist getting a cleaning and an eztraction! pray its not a tramatic event.
I see your point, but that part didn't sink in for me, the creative shots did.
is hungry now. very
add AC on MySpace ( www.myspace.com/aaa_classic ) and on Facebook!!
Let's catch a fucking break here.
i want a Romeo in my life.
you ain't lyin. Kobe's fg% is terrible but, at the line he guaranteed
girl you better follow me...lls and call me asap
class 2014 bringing back the real PG MARSHALL ACADEMY NY
Director Thomas Jones of Macon: talk to your staff members, from the bottom up, as a new director
no! That only happened last time with you there because I was wasted.
hope the tour is going great. I'm sure it is. Can't wait to see you guys in San Francisco, oh yeah, and in Portland.
I'll be your crying shoulder, I'll be love's suicide I'll be better when I'm older, I'll be the greatest fan of your life.<3
Rod Paulette RT : What was the gents name who went on before Veira last night? Funny dude.
Yeah, I know I'm ugly, no one has to tell me it twice!
I do too! Got it from Ms Framers!
": Steve Fromeyer named HS Football Official of the Year by The Northern Kentucky Officials Association "
": u guys was amazing at fan fest" Thank u so much! We had a blast!
And today's soup is hearty white bean, sweet potato, and kale. Who says it's too hot out?!
Grindin and Shining
you are incredibly welcome!;) I was sitting in mine and was like... IDEA!:D♥
“: Down to 269 followers again!!” still got me!!!
So... Why were the early days of history called the dark ages? Because there were so many knights! Corny right? :)
Improv shows are hilarious!!!
Home Opener this afternoon. Hopefully the start of something good. Looks like a beautiful day in Beantown.
ha! 'cause we just started Aging in Place in The #Aughts!
AMAZON MP3 - and - MediaNet has our matrial too! take a listen!
Please follow me !? [:
SO EXCITED FOR ALL THE EVENTS THAT ARE ABOUTTO OCCUR. GAGA&MANAJ. NYC
welcome to my city. How long are you going to be in buffalo?
Just typed mysterday instead of mystery. What would one do on a mysterday?
about to go shopping see ya later guyss.
AlbuqTravelBuy thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
too bad its the maple leafs..
I hate fake bitches *voice cracks*
Hungry come on over to our Stewart location to try our new taco stand!
I was going to tweet from my TV, but that experience was so bad that I decided to use my phone, which is an utter piece of shit in itself.
Physically & Emotionally Exhausted. Gn
#Np grizzly bear- two weeks
who loves orange soda #kel!!
Golly, thanks!
On stage at #w2s is launching cool novel idea and with his huge fan-boy following of course it has a chance....
how long did it take?
“: If you eat out, choose healthier options. Compare information about the foods you are eating to make better choices”
-he dropped 1200 in my lap.. &expected me to be happy.. i swear time is far more important than money, smdh :(
#whenitwascoolto have pencil boxes
Not as good as Sweet Caroline #myfav RT Why do ya build me up? Buttercup, baby just to let me down & mess me arrrrrrrounddddd
No PvP Mode in Diablo 3 at Launch, Says Blizzard.....am I the ONLY one that can give a shit less about this?
u kno its a blowout when juwan howard in the game
sorry for all my rts..
: when getting started in social media, pick a platform & stick with it. SM is really like junior high until you establish yourself.
Easter baskets demolished. Time to head out in my pajamas for Easter lattes. Jesus would totally want me to have a latte right now.
Learning not to settle for anything but the best. :)
Welcome new followers: and !
Tf is this bull shit they tryna pay me.
Let's party
FoodLion cashier asked if I wanted to donate a pack of LittleDebbies to the food bank; is this a new movement to kill off food bank patrons?
happy birthday!! i love you!!
Here is a quick acronym for Emotional Eating Cues: FLAB! frustration, loneliness, anger and boredom
you didn't hear :o he has a seperated shoulder
yep just turned 6... I forgot to wish him a happy birthday :)
K goodie well I will try to get tickets for the game then meet yall there afterwards! Cant wait i need another nice break!
you always are, i love it
it's ok. You're only doing what's natural.
Hey ! Thanks for following me I really appreciate it!
Starting to get emails responding to things I did earlier today. So THAT's where email comes from.
I bet his password was Vikings. RT It appears that Brett Favre's Twitter account was hacked.
RIP Steve Jobs... Your countless new devices will certainly be admired for a long time...
Finally time to take it easy: Harry Potter movies and bread-making, yes!
Ted Sohier will be ur host. Jim Cunningham with interviews backstage during intermission
We need to respect the office of the President. Don't have to respect the man
Just bought SnapRuler, looks like Xscope does a lot more.
sorry so long responding:)i need to tweet more
So excited for next semester. 19 hours never again.
Finished the ING Miami half marathon in 1 hour, 53 minutes, and 59 seconds. A personal best for me!
a #perfectday of many more to come!
#Excused is on with 2 Seths. Unbelievable.
GET THAT ASS TAKER GET THEM ASSES
Fingers crossed.
Slc here I come.
Sec. Vilsack says conserving America's forests isn't a luxury but a neccesity.
So bored
Oh-la-la. Yum. I'm presently drinking some Pinot Grigio
can you email me made 4 tv? I can't seem to download it...could be because I'm at work....smh
Working on the site
Excited about LiveWorkDetroit today: Kickoff @ Noon at the Rattlesnake!
#Brewers let Frankie K pitch!
why couldn't i be in chicago today??
RT : RT : RT if you got you some bathing apes
to get updates on the latest professional triathletes and the biggest races
We go down 1 n a series n they jus talkin crazy
You get on my nerves
How is everybodddyy?!
Books are a uniquely portable magic. Stephen King
you are the Man!
I haven't tweeted in a while so ill say this: I'm tired of hearing Metallica on the radio.
"I'm really not sure if I am your father, but we will find out after I let my mother take a look at you."
Good morning! The sun is shining so bright, come on and get happy with me!
On a fairly big day up, noticed AMR was down most of the day.
You know you're digging it! RT This lady's cycle music is the worst... on my way to sleep... sheesh!
- So excited to have you!
Europeana Data Model (EDM) is "a model for making statements about digital representations of cultural heritage objects"
naa he was a champ.. tried getting cus he didnt make it past pregame again. but he woke up for once it was craz
the one I went to was in February
#allshewants is you to prove that no matter what the circumstance...you will always be there.
That is great! You need to come up with a sweater pattern for my boys!
No lie no lie
Getting ready to take Alicia to work. Wish I had a job:/
The best things in life are not things! Happy Mother's Day!
lol there is a reason we r giving them out free at the bar! For people to come out and party with us. Maybe in a few years for u
Why does this hurt so much.!!! :(
hells yeah, Britney
k! and STOP
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! :)
With their penis jokes & alcohol, those bridesmaids are having a good time at the
Copps: ...If advertising no longer sustains investigative journalism, where should we look to sustain it?...
Thankss boo(: i like you to(; lol but yeah it's pretty funny.!
Lasagna got my stomach Fucked up
not sure, wasn't hungry when I got here but now! Thankfully my layover allows time for Coreys
Let everyone know we are great for Golf Tournaments! We did the Audi Quattro cup and St Jude's Golf Tourney!
You're the cool kid.:3
Thank you for meeting with today to discuss the importance of
TONITE is #NEON Nite!! Wear neon and get in for #FREE!!!! Got your plans for #NewYearsEve Yet?! Save the date and stay tuned for details!!
~~>“: #BestThingAboutBeingSingle You can do whatever you darn well please”
Thanks for hosting!
Our GameOn Podcast now has its own Twitter Account! Be sure to Follow
Success isnt permanent, and failure isnt fatal. Mike Ditka
I need these deets in person....this sound serious to bloodc&$
All packed for hair appointments Now another cup of coffee! Have a fab Monday my tweeps!
LOL where do you find these?!? this is RAD!
great interview with Bilas,I wished you asked him who he would give P.O.Y.but I think the way he spoke of Davis it's apparent
“ “ it's simple be real with me ..ima be real with you.””
Some #messages are #good enough to wake up the dormant masses. Are you #awake?
#DASER Ellen Levy describes Raymond Loewy's evolution charts.
So proud to be a #Hilltopper Great job #WKU and coach Ray Harper. What an exciting win to open the #NCAA tournament.
Play it at start & finish but not during the show it's to much!
yea today and wen I called she was selling some dirt
RT : Q2) curate what is great, create what is better
I will just keep re-enforcing your next study while enjoying your posts.
I LOVE the view from the roof bar there!
ha ha I do love PaulDeen too. :)
thanks for doing The Golf Affect show. Tiz spoke highly of you after, inc HOF rec. Believe me, that is not lightly given!
:( I'm sorry I don't know what's wrong! :(
talking about kettlebell training! Glad to see it out in the public with such a popular person
Care about others and want them to be the best they can be!
What can you do about it if you're in this kind of dynamic?
Ok my dude keep me post u see that Citi Movement it's bout to get crazy
#obama, "work together to create long term economic growth" would be great to have some hope for economic growth!!
Every day 2.5 quintillion bytes of data are created... Think about...
I've had to pick Zach up frm the airport lots of times, so u can just imagine gettin that feelin every time :) it's awesome
Every person in the world knew Tebow was going to run on the 2 pt conversion. And he did. And he scored. And nobody was surprised.
Excited to see that Nothing Bundt Cakes just opened in Mission Valley. Yum!
Cool. Let me know how long the battery lasts as a watch.
It is very bad to drink Jobus rum! Very bad!
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!
You way too beautiful, girl. oh
haha me too
I love WKYC midday news live stream.
Wishing all Bandit teams luck today!
Aw tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet
Ugh, I really need to work on my patience with things.
Congratulations to Matt Vinc & Stephen Keogh! Vinc named #NLL Defensive Player of the Week. earns Rookie of the Week honors.
have a good night V! I'm at work now ;) Tweet ya laters!
Congrats to the "Little Big Country" for beating #hockey powerhouse #Canada today at the #WHC Dobre
check out my blog salsa-in-mykitchen.com for some simple dinner ideas
mmmhmm out of macomb. Time for a new sea of fish
doing my best to be productive. Hard today for some reason!
RT Our neighborhood pet store, Howlistic, opens their self serve #dog wash this Saturday! [#92103]
Domino's now has gluten free crust (but not a dedicated GF kitchen). Going to try it out anyway.
awww I miss you too :(
Just discovering Downton Abbey for myself. Perfect follow up to reading Bill Bryson's AT HOME.
Add me on facebook. Dijon Spicy Pierre Derrick!
Thank you!
>>> Hello My Greetings to you as well....
RT : Connect with other independent school educators using #isedchat. We have a weekly chat each week- Thurs at 9pm EST!
oops, nevermind. just saw that painful injury Rose just suffered. Sixers has a chance still!
I will!
"FERRIS BUELLER, YOU'RE MY HERO."
i dont think i can go to sawgrass friday :/
The SCOTUS decision will frame the fall election. Activist court? We shall see. Peace out.
when do ya suppose UVM will figure out how to build new hoops & ice arenas? need major updates, eh
Blue Like Jazz was a great comic drama about spiritual maturity w/ laughs, revelations, & a transcendent ending. It Rocked!
Your followers have come to expect the best.
he rode low and used kotsay at questionable time. Other than that RR was pretty solid.
Walk off Grand Slam by Travis Hafner!!! 2nd walk off slam of year. What a season!
Amen! RT : so glad it's a three-day work week.
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
We supported Miracle Treat Day. Blizzards for the whole family!!
THAT THA SHIT I DON'T LIKE
There have been some funny videos on WorldStarHipHop.com lately lolz
lmao. Let him live, man! Maybe this year.
Goodnight! :) Sleep, my favorite method of staying healthy
hahahaha!! That so funny my mom think they r sexy and have a great music my dad hates them :D lolc
Relaxin on the porch at my mommas place w/ my cuz. always good to see
Cory was pretty amazing too...
Have fun! Jealous, but I should be there in April!!
thank you <33 :)
Sleep is weakness leaving the body.
*talking about Stiles* Mr. Martin: "He's been there all night?" Melissa McCall: "He's been there all weekend." #teenwolfseason2 Aww! <33
I don't know if you have BU-UVM hockey on NBCSN, but a Vermont player just slipped on the ice and fell on his own.
I didn't have state ID because I wasn't old enough to drive.
#hth2012 Crossing past/future streams... "RT Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary. #OccupyMars"
Jamba juice at lloyd center.....yes o how I've missed u
Mike played the song 10 consecutive on the ride home. What a dumb amazing song
All the beer truffles seemed to go over very well at the WH BrewFest... Pictures soon to come
I need a link to the OI
it shows that no good Hoagie shops in NY if you'd choose the meatball
#nowwatching 1000 Ways To Die (thanks to )
I loved that movie too!!!
M....wonderful, restful weekend :)
for spring break florida :D ah summer moving too jersey :/
HOES = Happily Offering Everybody Sex
Painting a chest of drawers to spruce it up. Spring cleaning has begun.
MRD!: So there is a bout, a bout,& a show all tomorrow evening. How do u choose?
You will get a packet of information in the mail after you confirm your admission. It will explain everything!
well I can't tomorrow because my family from out of towns here- and I think there staying till Thursday. How bout Friday?
I'm convinced Gladys has found the Fountain of Youth. Very inspirational and classy.
Masterfully done Whedon... as always
Lets get this girl a date! ": July 21st... at who wants to be my date?!"
Yay! Can't wait to go to tonight with the ladies!
Who's going shopping??
I'm on it now bro bro! btw how would we get there lmao
We will be attending the AAJ conference in Las Vegas at the Aria Hotel & Casino. Hope to see some of you come by our table.
Found a charger bitches.
Best thing about the NCAA National Championship Game? #OneShiningMoment. Can't wait. Fingers crossed for #UVA, Texas, and #VCU clips!
Todaii is my bday if u follow me and my 2 friends and I will follow u back
THANKS MAMAZ.. JUST TELL PPL CHECK OUT MY MUSIC.. APPRECIATE IT
which they have not been head/shoulders above the elite teams. Let's just go easy on the hyperbole (98 yank comps from olney)
"Tell her you want the jumbo. She’ll ask you for your mailing address where you can receive packages, and you’ll give it to her.”
Have I mentioned that I truly hate at&t with all my ass.
lmfao this is funny >>
Up by two TDs--would've liked to see them go for it there. Probably a bad call, but seemed like a good place to do it...
He did. West Chester University
haha well that's ok!! So then do you work the whole week or just weekdays?
What a funny and cute post. Very nice. Daniel
nice one :) me<we
take off your cool
I switched from BoA and I love it. Had issues w/ bill pay, but it's good now. AND many free ATMs. And iPhone check deposit.
Good thing Jess is answering her phone.
Tek did it. And I mean really, what choice does he have? Who's going to give him the chance to start with his health and contract?
Golf is so boring.
crazy to think #whitney was only 48!!!!! it felt like she'd been 48 since the early 90's. #whatwouldbobbydo?
Congratulations to my former home state of Maryland in becoming the 8th state (plus DC) to approve marriage equality.
Happus_ABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hate how close you live.
He'd rather have bad times with you than good times with someone else.
Thts what's up
Looking forward to checking out España Tapas House with my chicas before heading over to Zen Den for another #ypweek event with bocce ball!
probably, it's disgraceful I guess
please if u already do make new twitter accounts if u luv justin help us get him the 100000 twitter followers
Still haven't found a coffee granita in Italy, though Illy's frozen crema was a relative of sorts.
"I AM EMOTIONALLY DISTRESSED AND AM THINKING ABOUT ALL THE MONEY I'M SPENDING AS I RIDE UP MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE!"
really getting tired of this constant up and down of emotions.. one day everything is great, and the next, no good news.
You're missing out
Going to see in Sun Sisters this Sunday...can't wait!
Anyone can quit when the going is hard, but a thoroughbred NEVER quits until he
Try our breakfast #groupon Now deal at cafe41! One of breakfast wrap/sandwich & coffee for $3!
JUST BOUGHT A NEW CAMERA.. I GOT DEALS ON VIDEO AND PHOTO SHOOTS HIT ME ......
I want sommmeeee!! :(
That's not what I mean. I'm asking if your self-identified sexual orientation is only a loose description of your sexual feelings.
MSU seems more content and comfy with tempo right now. Cards pressing. Still down only two despite 1-13 FG
Hey , be my sweetheart
Heey Zoe !! I Miss talking to you! ღ
Rebecca Joy Showerman and I had some kind of bug thing that has finally passed. Feel so much better today!
4 am and I can't sleep I really #miss my #baby. #always and
is back from Uppsala.
#artpolitics non-interest in the melodramatic
The perfect mother's day for my mom would've been a win yesterday. Nice job #Caps!
For instance, be saving me from myself all the time.
What is everyone having for lunch, today?
Does anyone know when the next gen of mac book pros are coming out?
I love Mac Miller. <3 #MarryMe?
Tweet me a number and a picture of you. And I'll ship you with one of the boys
Idk what to do about you though. I can't figure you out.
Sat working for 2hrs in hotel room empty bath so not to disturb my sleeping wife. Oh the glamour & reality of international mobile working?
I just got out of cheer! Come on overr.
Doin' Time-Through the Visiting Glass Last performance tonight 7pm Blackbox Theater Tickets on sale 6pm First come first serve
Hi (: How Are You
Check out Communities In Schools Dallas Region and the upcoming "Dream Big" Gala. cisdallas.org
haha omg remember when I was blonde?
long sleeve?
imagine laying under the stars with austin and he turns and looks at you and says i love you babe <3 those 4 words <3
Conan, see you soon, hopefully. Late night TV is going to suck for a while. The peacock's colors fade ever so shamefully.
What is there to do on the weekends anymore...?
Sounds like fun!! I'm jealous
Re-reading a favorite book is like visiting an old friend. You know just what to expect and enjoy it all the same.
Is this conference aimed more at teachers, tech integration specialists, administrators or others?
Hey, I didn't realize that you were behind that Luise Rainer site. Very impressive!
Our old cat loved the neighbor's girl and Andrew and bit everyone else. Seems normal to me. How could she not like C?
I seriously don't have any idea what city this is
Where exactly *IS* shopping heaven?
Late night work snack: TJ's Speculoos straight from the jar. To make up for that salad I had for dinner.
Follow the Adamouski if you are an emerging artist and wish to obtain more opportunities easier.
showing his love for jesus and the dying wish to be hispanic! ;)
New app available in the Apple Store for iPhones, iPads & iPods! To get the app, search "Berkeley College"in Apple store and click install
They are handing out free empanadas on line at the Apple store!
The Mizzou loss keeps my Marquette pick in that region looking stronger.
RT : Had a fantastic time calling voters today with and Polls close in MA at 8. Get out and vote!
It's great having the NFL back.
Happy Easter to you too.
GREAT JOB, LOVE YOUR VOICE!
Instructors: What can you do when you are not teaching in a touch-panel room? Find out Monday! 2-3pm rm. 254
i see my couzin got them streetz on lock
Let me know when
Apple says would like to get iBooks2 Authoring tool in the hands of every author. And Ofcourse makes it free.
#rememberwhen tommy hilfiger and fat albert was the shit
i agree with you whole-heartedly and appreciate you calling bullshit.
unreal movie. Knowing you you'll probably cry at the end.
#HKC Thursday Night NFL 5***** MAX PLAY !!!!!!!! Get it #Guaranteed @ BPOSport.com
Had an energetic and thought-provoking class session with my ENG101 students this morning. Really excited about the rest of the semester.
good deal, Raul-time
You answered my question before I could ask it!: How do people know the connection between web & on-site visitors?...
Eric Young: From Cutter to US Pro champion
Haha! You have penis goggles!
Danny Hurley takes Rhode Island Head Coach job.
why does that sound so good right now????
I thought my tent would fly away wizard of oz style
I Like To Cuddle. That Cant Possibly Make Me A Whore.
can you draw me somthing please :)?
Game time
I left a voicemail n everything
3 weeks without Miami parties
JoshFact: I am actually an ordained minister. Can't wait to marry one of my fav couples this year!
"Nothing is so difficult as doing justice to the facts." ~Ludwig Wittgenstein, Remarks on Frazer's Golden Bough, 1931
shut up nigga u n Manteca
There's a cute mexican at the nail salon,but he's too young for me.lol.
So my gf wants me to change my last name to gets.
Christopher Columbus- IndiaorBust
Idk what brunch is but I'm going to it haha
Palm Beach International Equestrian Center for the last time Saturday, then Sunday juggling for a church in Clearwater!
RT : Walking my dog is like flying a retarded kite.
Predictions for next season?
me either! Took 1.5hr w/MJ Curly Pudding. I'll make bigger twists next time..hair is getting 2 long & it takes longer :/
we need a bunch of paying projects, that "like" us, then we'll travel north for the Big Like.
I'm counting down the days till I go back !!!
I am really hoping the "Loin Cloth" makes a come back! Men, this look is timeless.....go for it I support u all the way!!!
I ran out of characters!
Pie for breakfast. Then, breakfast for second breakfast.
#decoded is a great show to chill out, blow your mind, and learn some cool stuff...Houdini as a spy ? That's a new one.
- Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets :D
Cant wait for these people to finish working on my car so i can hit the road and get back to Louisville
My World Lit professor wrote "This is above average work" on my paper.. this is a 1st!!
You can complain all you want about life, but that won't make it any better
Wait, what? In March? How often is Opening Day in March?
Had a dream about the other day .....
yo y'all ready
#ibcrootbeer maKes me #happy, Happy Weekend Everyone. Enjoy!
did you want to exchange people or beer?
My mom is taking too long
Well, if you insist! …Oh, you were answering my previous question. How awkward.
Fun Fact from the Elmwood Park Zoo: A group of porcupines is called a "prickle".
watchin a movie wit my BFFLAA!!!!
Oh..we got paid huh? YAY! that always helps. hahaha.
You call me a slut. Too bad it isn't true. Sorry bitch, I'm not you.
See how you can get your OWN fingerprint on shirts and watches - YouTube
Ann Coulter compares the Prez to Flav O Flav. "The Blonde Scarecrow" strikes again.
So jealous of my little sister and her themed prom !
Twelve The Expendables 2 Character Posters
The world: "Boo-friggin-hoo, Simmons. Get over it. No one liked that ill-conceived, poorly executed sham."
haga nice one nice one! o_O
If I made any open ended promises to you over the weekend, please stop me during lunch today and I'll honor em. Look for the red shirt.
muahhhhhhhhhhhhh gotta love her
CURE AUTISM
way to go Gauguin!!!
Would create some buzz for them. By some, I mean moderate to little.
indeed it does! Won myself a bottle of the real thing - thanks and cheers!
Elizebeth Taylor Funeral is Happining Today -------Closed TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS ONLY
Well you're a Catholic (as am I!!!! whee) so it's acceptable because it's our holiday YAY EAT ALL THE CHOCOLATE AND BUNNIES
Yes, dusted my bike & pumped my tires RT : Are you going to bike on Thursday for the bike ride in Carmel?
Bad. Ass. Lunch today. XD
come on lets hit 100 likes today pass the word get everyone to give us a like thank you form PURP MUZIC Ent.
Smoking kills. If youre killed, youve lost a very important part of your life.
(And of course it's really easy for me to suggest because all I could be is a matron of honor...).
Hey :) Coming out with some new show dates for the summer soon... will let you know!
It's so funny when someone asks me "who do you like?" & I stare right at the person I like & say "no one".
At $112M, safe to say he's not "Raising Cain" MT Cain 5 yr deal has $112.5M of new guaranteed money
So I'm directing a feature documentary, acting in another movie, my friends are pretty awesome and this nicotine headache sucks but whatever
Just passed a sign that said "Welcome to Northern New Jersey - Embroidery Capital of the World since 1872." Learn something new every day...
All I can think about is next weekend
“Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesn’t even think about us for a second.”-Wiz Khalifa
dear gatorade, y u no make me sweat colors?
I just want to graduate & shave my head.
5 year engagement comes out this week! So excited, we should watch in our respective countries and dish!
Fired up to announce our first ever MLS Timbers players tomorrow. A special day indeed....
YEES! on now
All work & no play might make me dull for now but, it's also gonna make me rich forever.
On to seatac. Right on time and so much better than taking a cab! Thx guys!
Lake Show at my right hand man's hizzzouse... in an Artest throwback jersey
Good morning!
thanks dude!! “: already signed up. They look sweet!!!”
I just died when I saw that followed me it didn't even tell me!
How is this my fault!?!
Instantly perplexed why Twitter is emulating Myspace? A TOTAL reliance on 3rd party aps and hacks...twinkle --> tweetdeck--> Bit.ly ...
Enjoy those lovely fall leaves! FUN is in the air!
Nice little round of golf being put together by at
where do you live? We have touring plans this summer!
TY for choosing us for your guests! On the phone with 800 res booking a 5 nt stay for my clients with YOU!
I changed my last name to my middle name so those creepers can't find me. Take that, former popular girls I vaguely knew!
come to paris and hellfest with me and toni!
Beautiful people.
idk. but i wanna delete my tumblr act.
Contractors needing CEUs for license renewal can visit the booth at
ad spending in the U.S. to grow 1.8% this year to $144 billion- Kantar Media
even as a non-meat eater? I'm picturing myself eating the parsley off of everyone elses steak.
First night of High School Basketball Summer League underway!
Pop it for a
Beautiful day in Nashville with !!!! tonight, what could be better?
great meeting you today - looking forward to some #PlanetFest awesomeness! :)
Good morning it's me Mason guest tweeting for the we really need for the run and lots of it
your work check-in sounds way cooler than almost everyone else's
No, that's a great thing! :)
Don't do me like that! lol I miss your face!
CONFIDENCE is good COCKINESS is a turn off.
The New Shottas TV Series Starring Kymani Marley Is Now In Production: Big Up Cess Silvera
Before you fall in love, realize if the feeling isn't mutual you will hit the ground.
So apparently Better Homes & Gardens is coming out with a new magazine soon and wants to feature one of my projects! How cool!
Keep doing dives, imma do main events.
Look forward to it! We're presenting at School for Cong. Development in August, if you're going to be there.
#Artist learn to prioritize work 1st play 2nd
New York or Milan?
Thanks for the answer :)
First trip back to Bronx doesn't pose extra danger for Rangers - Texas Rangers Fan Forum - Ranger's Fan Zone
A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them. Carl Jung
Hot Dogs, bowl of Chili with beans, chips, soft drink, and a Big Cinnamon Bun for lunch..."you can't beat that"...hope to see you soon...
Have you noticed that companies are now taking almost a month to pay for #voiceover sessions?
Hard nipples. >>>>> On guys that is...fit ones.
dude, I will refollow when ur account gets returned, you've bewn dming hack messages over a month now
Thx so much. You're the best! PS. Figured out the school sitch. I knew something was up (guess whose fault it was...USF's)
Give Your Heart A Break by for Music Choice:Single <3
Cool! Have a safe trip, everyone! RT Keep your eyes out for channel 13! Coming to see the band off
Someone buy me some chocolate
LOVE that! Wish I were that adventurous, sigh. Go for it!
That's why I'm wearing a scoop neck vs a hoodie RT If you get nervous think,"what would McDaniels do?" then do the opposite.
DWYANE WADE!! That's all I have to say
Ginobili makes it look too easy.
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
We must support our Community and i need a cup of Coffee .justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
no prob T!
that sounds messy. Also, it would attract birds. And raccoons.
I'm mindless 4 Prodigy -143
Most def gotta find something to do tomorrow
nice! iTunes= instant satisfaction.
what kind was it?
Liked what kb Yancey says about the marginalia becoming the writing. The meta narrative carries the message on writing and objects.
You don't know you're beautiful
That is an excellent quote, one borne out in his decision to retain my services.
Cant wait for the weekend to be here! I want to do absolutely NOTHING! that sounds superb :)
just finished season 1 of game of thrones. it should be called "underestimate your women at your peril"
Sucks when two of your favorite shows come on at same time.
Would you guys be down for going to the Milwaukee Bavarians US Open Cup match in May?
Yay "good discipline they do a lot of things well got a good team concept going up to the plate" give the #Indians some love
Between trying to type & trying to listen, I think this is the first time I have really looked at 's Prezi.
Hahaha! From the desk of : "So sad to hear that JET broke up..Gonna miss their one song….."
No #SXonSPEED last night?!! But glad to see your good result in Salt Lake. 6th place = excellent.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet...
one better be for me!
Vote NO on cloture and protect NY Tech, jobs , the internet, and the future of a 21st century NY
Overheard: "You are the thin, beige line between order and chaos."
what about Gothberg?
watching Divine Secrets if the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
followed :D
Our Halloween Party is Monday from 7pm-2am...make sure you dress up and we will provide everything else!
Generate views by commenting on related blogs.
I already know ima change the world. I'm just taking my time.
Sorry meant to say 10 pm, now t mobile says midnight.
See I didnt even think it was epic , I wanted to cry ! Lol - Zaona
Ryan reminds of an older version of Robert.
Two shows down three more to go. Sylvia Heisel
A marriage of true minds, perhaps, but I've been wrong before and it's so hard to tell
Wearing only ur panties &shirt to bed
thanks for the follow back bro!
Went back a step on my quest for the WSOP Main Event
Tradin mouth shots here in the 4th great do or die
HAPPY FRIDAY! Fly on in for a cold bevy! Happy Hour til 7pm!
okay. Just got like a 6 inch cut on my stomach.
Keisha is scary!!!!!
one of these temp services has to find something for me.. i'm so desperate i'd probably work at some fast food joint.
i guess ill eat dounuts now(:
Bleachers make my butt hurt.
Happy 45th birthday "It's the Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown."
let's play hooky today!
I don't see life no other way but lovely fuck the stress god got me
: Hanging at the booth with #nn11lgbt #nn11 // great to see you! We are booth 706
Reports that a Delta flight in Chicago is in quarantine on the runway. Emergency crews & the CDC are on the scene.
decides to not pursue reelection.
If you need me to schedule anything, pay anything, or print more things today, I might lunge out of my chair. Just FYI.
Great menu at my buddy Jeff Petrone's house for the packers game
Recording a new track for the winner of our kickstarter "get a song written about you". Its sounding mighty tasty!
Refrigerators WhirlpoolRefrigeration Cooking Dishwashers- whirlpool refrigerators
happy birthday sweetie
Follow me Rihallah
ah ok , I took it yesterday & passed finally . What branch you tryna join?
follow he is an amazing singer look him up on YouTube his name is Dylan Hyde see his cover ofBOYFRIEND
What you seek is seeking you. ~Rumi
Basically. RT “: ": I have to parent-proof my apartment before.." hide the booze. Stock on the veg. Mop under the sofa.”
i was on the phone w/ one of my friends and she said logan's new icon is ugly so i hung up on her LOLOLOLOL
Ok, what sucks and swallows.
thanks for the hospitality last night. Dinner was amazing.
I'll call in 30 minutes, and see if either the wine or the movie were finished.
lol thanks, and why is that ?
well big week an head copies of song pack sites project website mgr starting, much going on i keep you all posted
yes...yes I would. Tyson is a boxer and I'd rather be in the octagon but I never turn down a fight...
that show seems too good to be true how can they get hot guys to go on the show who actually want love
thanks for the live tweets. I'm watching 48 hrs!
- the more I watch, the more I'm glad he's the 'skins QB, even before he throws a pass in a game!
GoodMorning!Hope your day goes good.I love you!(:
Just finished my final MBA assignment! The PhD is next, but I think I'm ready for a little break after 5 years of studying.
Responded to FIRE @ 482 West 150th St, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I just emailed you my sweet dear
I was apart of a benefit tonight for Angels of Hope Family Cancer Foundation. I met the best people. Tonight I'm thankful for so much.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PUT COREY HART AT FIRST
Got my first Pinterest spam! They want to help me get a larger erection. Awww, you guys!
purple argyle?
RT : RT : Florida Commerce Gen. Counsel Andy Price with a great rebuttal piece to Florida Bankers' attack on CUs:...
Horoscope: "take up yoga or stop eating stuff you know isn't all that great for you." even my horoscope knows I'm fat!!!
RIGHT? I know. Ah. Die.
no I don't! With this kids look he'll be having sex in less than 10 years!!! I'm scared! LOL
Thurs peeps: Be sure to check in at Antrim via Foursquare, Gowalla, or whatev u use to tell ur stalker where to find you. Rewards!
This Wed @ Central Market Westgate in Austin. 6:30-9p. Ed Friedland on upright bass & Kullen Fuchs on trumpet & piano. It's gonna be groovy!
direct message
The best place to hide something in the fridge is always the vegetable drawer.
You special child. :) I still love you.
Seriously, fuck playoffs. Fuck playoffs hard.
Thanks for signing my husbands jersey!
Great stories, aren't they?! Greenhow is one of my favorites.
psn ones are gone in a sec again
It's not.
I miss the feeling of being in a relationship
Awesome night! Mr. Mountain Lion was amazing! Congrats ! :)
Today's #Fact: The large, mysterious stone statues on Easter Island are called moai. Most of them were carved from solidified volcanic ash.
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come most alive, because what the world needs is people who have come alive. --H.Thurman
Let's go Brewers tonight!!! Off the Schnide!!
thanks so much!!!!!
headed back north for a lil
what a bunch of boring unexciting uninspired songs on #idol tonight
Bob Jones University is called BJU. Seriously.
Julien just now: "MOM my hair is NOT dirty. I'll take a bath, but I am NOT washing my hair!" Me: "Yes you are." Guess who won?
well i really haven't seen my dad much since mid march, but yeah if he found out i still had the account he'd probably kill me.
Bikinis should have an age limit and a WEIGHT limit ;D! #As,Soon,As,Possible;o!!!
Historic moment... Black girl getting "relaxed " on t.v.
that's fuckin right! That was nothin!
Just noticed that I wasn't following Big mistake.
Commercial audition monday!!!! #sograteful for my friends!
Dr. Hamm offers specific farm bill goals. Preserve gains of last two farm bills. GIPSA rules. Maintain SNAP, HFFI and plan future.
Oh good, thanks for the update!
I really love my job and the people I work with and for
Nah bro I ain't even mad. Bahaha.
I am not huge on him either. However, he would be the Pirates' best power hitter...if he were a Pirate.
We're broke as fuck, but we can't complain.
16 hours of sleep. I finally recovered from my wknd w
I'm calling the cops!!!
Liam Do you want your home clean? We lOvE yOu TuRkEy FaNs pLeAse cOMe hErE....
I got 2 white peach green teas from Chatime for the price of 1.
Thanks for #FF!!!!
#BCHS Baltimore Neighborhoods/Baltimore History Conference is starting in 15 minutes at MdHS!
Thanks!!! See you there!!!“: can't wait to see you guys this year our guard is pumped! "
Diane Wakoski~ Learning to live what youre born with is the process the involvement the making of a life.
Morning Cartoons
You speak the truth.
might check out some scott westerfeld, uglies or leviathan
Really interested in what Ezra Kucharz has to say at the Borrell Conference. You should be too.
cheer this girl up.
Whaa? There is now a t coast in Logan circle??
Since FB is being a joke: I won't be going to IDfest today. I'll have my ticket on me if anyone wants it.
To be beautiful means to be yourself!
congratulations on the engagement mrs x
How would one go about presenting a talented 7yr old?
I really wish my company had a internal irc server... and Foosball in breakbreak rooms.
think u.
shut up
Metta World War
Could be 80 in Mpls tday. Wonder if anyone came here for
It's so cool not to care abt anybody these days . . . guess I'm a nerd
Thanks to the Woodcock family for donating Brown Bag Lunches today for children and families in the hospital. This lunch was appreciated.
Obama is expanding war, killing many innocent with drones, signing all this bush like legislation (ACTA, HR347, NDAA, ect)
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
Lmbo so it was like a 1 year notice pending type thing? gottcha
If you think it will be fun, it probably will be! Life is what you make it!
Oh yeah! Have fun! I might be downtown tonight at some point so if i am ill try to stop by the show
Getting tweets about bad blogs about .We dont care.We are on a mission to save lives. B A PART OF THE PROB OR SOLUT. UR CHOICE
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Telemarketing has lost its individuality. Getting solicitated by "anonymous" and "unknown". What next? bigger words like SESQUIPEDALIAN
Great MOH day at FCF. Thankful for a great church of kingdom servers! Ready to go to another level. FCF helpers u r awesome.
Exercising is key, when it comes to one of the ways on how to prevent diabetes
THAT SONG.
just tell me what , I need to do....
OMG! please could the Lakers win ? !
Can you PM me your email and we can look into it? Sometimes these things get caught up in filters.
Finish Line Be Bullshittin !!
So happy RT : Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!! Thank you NBC!!
still off air.
perks is my shit. Love that book #:)
IMPORTANT QUESTION: DOES YOUR HOME LOOK LIKE A LAURA ASHLEY SHOWROOM?
are you going to finish opening your Bday gifts from your Mahomies before you leave?!?! :) <3
that sounds like a good idea to me!
The Simmons Radio crew will have to stop by the truck this semester...This looks too good to pass up!
I can't get the link to work to read it
Lmfao its funny af tho aww RT : That moment when makes fun of me because I'm not familiar with slang.... 😒
“I’ve been blessed to find people who are smarter than I am, and they help me to execute the vision I have.” Russell Simmons
I missed her! I'll have go catch it online!
do you date a girl named Drew?
RT : Q3: Don't put anything really important as an image. I send HTML, but I make sure the key info is in text.
just saw the #newgirl from tonight. freakin' loved it. bless my fangirl heart. c:
trying out google wave-SO COOL!
make sure and share your map so we can highlight it!
PB & B (Peanut butter & banana) YUM!! Except I put too much PB & Not enough B.....choking..... ;-)
Thanks for the Co-teaching Approaches!
I am more than out of the loop with...everything! Someone give me an update. What's going on out in this crazy world?
next week. You, me, and Bailee. The lucky one! ❤
“: And we are proud of every recipient! ...Gold Award is the highest honor a Girl Scout can achieve. #girlscouts100” -- Absolutely!
This is on the subject of men/women that get into screaming matches in a grocery store or parking lot with little provocation
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor. ~Dr. Alexis Carrel
..when does a location-based game involving narrative elements, puzzles, and collective intelligence become an ARG? etc
Finally is home. Time to rock this bitch.
reading "Is American culture 'American'?" very exciting
RT : When we were younger, The Falls was where it all went down though
Looked at the stat sheet for game 1 of OKC vs. DAL and wow 4 people scoring all your points smh
- I want Eric & Alcide all summer, too.
tv tweet
how does "News Shouting Freakout" hit your branding centers?
central valley !
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
my grandma is on my phone with my dad. Dm me you number amd i will call you on her phone!
fyi, voting will be live around 9pm...
Good morning! It feels so good outside. Take time in your day and let weather revitalized your spirit. Have a blessed day :)
ahahaha that is really funny. doin it right....
OMG. I'm in CA too.. -___- I'd rather live in like Colorado or whatever. I want snow.
Thanks! It was announced at the WRLC Annual Meeting last week and is slowly going live across all platforms.
lol it was a pain in my ass but yeah.! All I have left is my bio-chem final and I'm done done.!
Them kicks should be on a build a bear..
she's awesome that's my homie till the day I die
And the final art piece for my apt arrived today! Excited to go home to a place I can proudly call "home"
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU<3 I LOVE ITT 
Aretha freeway of love, duh ;) ever hear that george michael/areths duet, 'knew u were waitin'? same time.
hi Susan!!
I'm writing out a list of everything I accomplished today so that I can feel something other than being run over by a work truck.
:D Well, we'll be there for the public health fair if you do swing by.
I always know what kind of day I'm going to have by the time I leave my first account. Thursday's are always good cause I call TGIFridays
so is incest
Dogsitting until almost the end of the month.
Dougie fresh slick rick, special ed, big daddy kane , cool c, kool g rap , mc lyte, de la soul, epmd, mc shan, are just some of the LEGENDS!
real recognize real but sometimes you cum across phonies..its life
Lol I might have the pregnant swag juming for the summer
RT : Watching The Interrupters, crying like a lil bitch. Chicago is a war zone. There's another America people don't know about
Here's the word: the Q Café is now open WEEKDAYS at 7:00 AM! Help us spread the word by retweeting this msg, or liking this post!!!
hahaa ikr i almost bought the whole store tho!
The second Chen award goes to & for , bringing information mgmt tools to coffee growers. Congrats!
hope to see & And I love you. You're brightening lives daily. Keep shining.
: Mindmeister vs. Freemind - I've used & like both, but it's annoying not to have a standard interchange format for mindmaps
Do you offer promo codes for samples?
Where are all the positive thinkers?
what's she there for?!
Can this story line lead to Megan getting hit by a truck?
legit. What do you have left from the spring line? We're taking some new promos so if you wanna get in on that let me know!
thanks for the shoutout
yo what are some other bands that have crazy harmonies and grooves like dirty loops?
What's the password to yo twittuh?
Where it isn't peaceful until it's crazy wild... The Grand Central Terminal :)
Omg just two more hours till my weekend!!! I can do this!!
Ark trio crazy good. Same w/ Bush & White. Spiller & Davis were special. As were Cady Williams & Ronnie Brown. Ark prob best
I was worried till the tailspin ref. The fact u got it may mean u guys are perfect together.
The schedule thing is key. VA is geared for a retired generation. Not working early life folks. not enough evening hours.
bring it on..
Alright ! Thanks for the great tech support on the Wilson transition. Excellent customer service.
Iona has got to be SICK ... how do you blow a 25-point lead?!
Dude's voice is out of this world...just pray that he gets good producers for his album!
At looking for staging pieces.
I am interested in the way U characterize this feelin… & your career path. Feeling/being "worth" loving are central to self-esteem
Feeling a bit anxious this morning & now drinking coffee...does not help
Agreed. Wait until you see Jessica's last performance!
Unfinished Brazilian Teak solid 3/4" x 4" in-stock.
QoTD: "If you cut too many corners, you'll be going in circles." (Unknown)
I am super excited that you were thinking of me.....
its ok!!:) thats your picture in your icon right ?? Cause i like your hair!
Girl what have you been up to??
gave him personality, life beyond Hulk without letting Banner get lost in Hulk's shadow.
i can't make 3 I will hit u a Lil l8ter and meet u... Check n box sent u a Lil sumptin
You're never too old to try something new! And keep learning as much as possible. Keeps you young and spunky!
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
I use Hootsuite on the iPhone 4. Works well.
That suck exams are boring
If I had a dollar for every dollar I didn't have, I'd have $46.153 trillion.
you outtapocket you never hit me back
One Direction Stole Our Hearts ♥ #MORETHANTHIS ! :'D
me too.of course leftovers are a fav in our house...logans asked for 6 different pies lol
worthington hilld getting slammed. High.winds, hesvy rain
Thank you for the follow - I am following you back. Happy Easter!
I know it's so crazy!
hell yea man
RJ says that have the best shoe collections. Who's shoes are better tonight? Yall willing to settle the debate?
Guys who hit girls are PUSSYS !
Don’t spend another day not seeing your hidden potential. HE always had a plan and a purpose for u. R u aware of the greatness inside u?
Dinner with my brother tonight :)
So cool. Would be cooler if 30 yr olds were in MTL...
I have applied and would love to contribute at GM.
Community Impact Arts Educator #Fusion2012 presented by Dan King Sec of Exec Bd..winner is Robert Andrews #GCPS & hon mention Debi West NGHS
Good Morning!! Have a great day :)))))
Ephraim, great to e-meet you… thx for connecting. glad you're a B's fan!
Nor, I suspect, the last.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM!!!! hope you have an amazing day and year!
Any fun plans for #Springbreak?
I don't need a second wind today. A first one would be nice, actually.
it's alright man. All of You played hard.
Please help keep Midtown clean as our staff takes 2 days to give thanks and enjoy their families. Happy Thanksgiving to all!
3.00 a.m if you can
Oh, age is just a number? Well jail must just be a room.
French bread is gonna cause my downfall.
Ravens trade pick to Vikings. Won't pick at 29
Just had a very exciting meeting with other professional services deliverers in the Charlotte area about networking on steroids; what works.
I often do things and think, That's So Raven.
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend? Do it right w/ VIP Bottle Service ! Call out VIP hostess SHELBY at 707.567.1580 to book
on what subject?
if you smoke crack, then you'll totally get Britney Spears' new video!
did i just tweet that wrong ? Lol idk im trippy ..
Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you should be. -- Fannie Brice
Missing you. Jed is failing. Would love to connect. Doing acupuncture. Cooking everything in my limited repertoire. Wisdom?
Rocking my xtra small shirt cuz school messed up my order. Time for
RT: : It's a short week. We are making adjustments. We're playing for the championship, and we need to be prepared.
- It's not "1 or 2" cases. Digital self-pub (web or e-book) of "out-of-print" personal backlists is the new normal for authors.
Tell your friends about us, even though we suck.
Hanging out with my sister and nephew I love them so much!!! ♥
Todays gonna be sickk. Like Moths To Flames and Texas in July tonight :D gonna get down!
I love loving you
where you watching the game at tonight boo thang?
Double cupped up and a j of that wiz khalifa
Good morning, Anderson! We're leading at Eastside Church of God this morning and sharing about India. Praying!
I'm sitting next to a man who looks like Zubin Mehta!
Taking part in New Media roundtable at Folk Hall Auditorium tonight at 7pm. Get the thinking behind ! PLUS COOKIES AND PUNCH.
where else do you advertise your beats besides twitter?
I love how the computers in this school don't work... Can't search up things to kill time..
Lol I need to , you must actually be home ?
Can't even count on the #Magic to score 80 points
RT Mr. President, why can we have fifty state policies on marriage but one Washington-managed national health care system?
playing with Josh's band, won the first round, now onto semi-finals. Might do an Eli Cash show too, still up in the air tho...
Do they have Kosher food on Bloomington?
Also, BENJY NIGHT puts away its baseball glove and pulls on some hockey skates. 2/24, Northeastern, $24/ticket, food, drinks, FUN.
hey do you have adrian's number :o
whats up im soo board im budding into everybodys tweets
Definitely! You should catch us in Boston on April 1st:)
nice myh friend :)
thanks for following.
I can never get tired of watching Community's A Fistful of Paintballs episode. Its epic.
i love u Christian ur just too hot,scumdelliumshoish, and sexy;) and i really didn't know how to spell that lol;)
I had lunch with Amy K at the Wauwatosa location!
fa la la
is that what desserts look like on the moo???
watching #deathnote alone in my room.
I'm in editor mode and bad writing is making me see red. Okay, yes, we Wisconsinites have been known to...engage.
~if people dont like what you say who cares; they dont have 2 follow u. they r ur views & no one elses.
Because of you, I try my hardest to forget everything. Because of you, I don't know how to let anyone else in..
when you get #WhiteFolkWasted you get real friendly.
Get off your high horse, sit the fuck down & shut the fuck up like the rest of us.
so whats #OYB stand for? All i got is own yo bitch?
You can tell this is an Aspen...because of the way it is. Right and ?
thanks for the random visit to chat with me and you'll hafta drop by after all the #sxsw craziness to cowork! ^dw
So... Your girlfriend sent me a facebook message. When you get home your stuff will be on the porch. Ohh and lose my number
Now People Are Rallying to See Justice. And thats good. But Too bad we can't trust into Government to do that, but when have we ever? Lol
Right on “: Astonishing performance by Doc Emrick. Nearly 5 hours into 3 OT game he doesn't sound ragged at all. What a job!”
Can't wait for the new season. Come on January.
my family is crazy, i think it's time to move out
I find it ironic people are watching #Basketballwives at the same time real basketball is on. You'd rather watch Hoopz instead of hoops.
aww! mines all crushed barely connected haha.
sending out tremendous love for , and their family.
Ouch! Are you heading for the DL?
If you're impatient like I am & love to eat Krunchers like I do, then try opening the bag from the bottom. Gets you right to the good stuff.
Too bad there's not an #Oscars Award to make your film profitable... Sorry, Hugo!
What was the best show you ever attended? We're talking hardcore/deathcore here. Let us know
Teacher curious about integrated curriculums. CAPE has curriculums on website.
Come to think of it, it doesn't get hot enough here for seersucker. Gotta rethink those layers :)
*HAPPY NEW YEAR BELLA!!* *XOXO*
nigga I'm far from nice!!!
Viktor Blom shipped SCOOP Mid. 248K to him is like running bad for 45 mins.
I love you more♥
How does the transformation of the printing industry/culture in the 19th C manifest itself in the very fiction it produced?
The Patriots REALLY need to get it together ASAP!
Kony 2012, what's with all the talk about hotdogs?
i went to high school with glasper! what a small world :)
I think I just found my new love!!! Baby you the truth...
I didn't even cry yesterday but today I just wanna cry it all out..
It's almost Friday. That joke is still alive?
It’s an evolutionary mating warning sign.
“: How did I miss the #erl12 bag swag?” I did too. They look nice.
hey! Come party with us this Friday for our launch party! Can you make it?!
its about that time, summers about to be here in a couple of weeks ;) ... u know what that means
#Bring1DtoMaine #wildcard I'm not gonna stop into you come here.
Nothing spectacular. Sounds fairly underwhelming for all of the recent hype.
the stunt show is best thing here in my opinion. Also? Don't want to brag but I once starred in the Indiana show:::bowing:::
we are hoping for an early summer release....but i will probably have a couple track for download in about a month
I Could Go Thru A Whole List Of "I Shouldves" Right Now . .
Flip is possible - incredibly easy to use, such good quality. I was trying to remember the StoryKiosk software.
relationships are like assholes everyone has tried to be in one.
praying for you and your family. May God's goodness be seen in a new way!
The Website Is Almost Finished!
Where my bro
Welcome to my age group man! I'm 35 and 4 months old.
quite often lol
ok thanks...much love for all the support....
must be nice
“: Just performed at a wedding reception for black lesbians. Livin' the dream!!!” or as I like to call them "blesbians"
Thank you for fun times tonight at the launch party!
: and are both in the Dominican☀🌴Can't wait to join the #playmate sisters tomorrow 💋✈
Watching the kardashian wedding.. I hate Kim so much.
:) good bye
The Law Offices of James M. Powell is a full-service law firm committed to achieving positive results for our clients. Call 909-890-0105
miss you too lady!
Ali Fedotowsky: Why Bachelorette's Jef Is a Perfect Match for Emily Maynard
A9. If it's regrettable, why would I want to tweet it out again? ;) That would be #NUTS!
AP testing today
There's wifi on the plane but we need to use bottled water to flush the toilet...
Up before the sun comes up tomorrow, early to bed tonight, night everyone!
crazy busy here. we have a son arriving sometime in early dec. and getting ready for hockey. what are you up to?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful mothers out there <3
I'm compiling a list of salons to visit with my resume. Please pray for me!
Ah, telemarketers: "May I ask who's calling?" "Yes." "I said, may I ask who's calling?" "Yes, you CAN. Whatever. I'll just call back later."
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter... he won't come to you anyway!
Ditto! Rain rain go away. RT : I am so over this rain in #NYC. Who's with me?
Heads up to everyone coming on Saturday. Parking will be limited so we suggest parking on 28th st!
Donate $150 or more and receive not only a $25 gift card from Hamilton Tavern, but also a $50 gift card from Woodberry Kitchen.
DOUBLE QUARTER WEEKEND! Sales at Diversity on Sherwood and DT2 on W. Main!!!! Come check it out. Today and tomorrow only!!!
what's going on Boss. Trying to connect with you and get you some music for Nicki. Lmk what's up.
I hate hanging out with someone & it's really awkward. Like the kind you want to apologize for bc it's soo baad.
“the enemies of #freedom” are here – not in #Iraq, #Afghanistan or #Iran. Saddam Hussein did not take away my 4th and 5th Amendment rights."
thanx chic!! hope u like it!! its hilarious!!
Bad ass lil kid snatched my hat off my head, so I snatched his mom wig off her head.
and just a season :)
I cannot wait to get on that plane! one more week, but vaycay starts on friday! woohoo
We're celebrating our co-founder's Bridal Party today! Sending love to all the YUMs tying the knot this year!
Snuck in 9 holes tonight after work; didn't realize how great that can be for reducing stress. I sucked, but fresh air was fantastic
*hugs* Wish I could do more.
Deb! Deb! she's the woman! if she can't do it, no one can!
Found out Chicken McBites are just smaller Chicken McNuggets. Are we as a nation so lazy we can't be bothered to bite a McNugget in half?
Proud of our client, , and our team for being named a REGGIE finalist in the sponsorship category for our program.
Looks like the perfect day to ride!
Want to know the truth about how someone feels about you, never forget what they say to you when their angry.
FYI - changed my twitter name from DMoe_PromoV to DMoe_77
Instagram :) follow me I follow back luvz it! :)
/ Hey, thanks! (And sorry about dinner...)
Thanks for joining us Friday!
Pinson and Wiener's text on Objective-C begins: "This book has three primary goals." 'primary' implies one.
You ran track??? Can i hit that?
Don't think it was deliberate, but definitely essential to the whole plan haha
RT : Are you pumped about a Friday full of 11s? That includes 11 glasses of wine for Dr. H!
Confidence Not to Be Mistaken For Arrogance!!! Lets Rock People!!! COME CHECK US OUT SEPTEMBER 30TH WITH FLATFOOT 56 @ THE GEAR IN FRANKLIN!
RT : Senators who voted against mine should go to places I went & explain to people I saw why there will not be mining-related...
we only want that. We don't need it for shit !
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 5
I think we have been waiting for an hour for erykah badu to come on...
#pitstudio - Look at the replay of first caution the sun was a factor entering the turn!
yeah be here at 4 :-)
indiana on top of in the central standings. 1-0
My brother troy fryin himself
Things learned today: Coffee does not make me function any better, just makes my eyes less squinty.
I know!! Legitimate anxiety over looking like a sausage or that I'm wearing dad's clothes in my singlet.
Ladies and gentleman. and I are doing laundry together. We are officially married.
excited about adding many new brands to our website! we can furnish all of the rooms in your home and send it to you with #FreeShipping!
but yet she lets us call the german kidd in our class a nazi
Just enjoyed pepper jack smothered beer battered cod with a honey mustard tarter sauce... NOM NOM NOM NOM
It's an activity book
omg I know!!! And did you see Andrews and Ryan Vlog yesterday?
we look forward to touring soon too!
tweet limit sucks ass.
I'm gonna make you an offer ya can't refuse.....
Trying to finish #Skyrim for me is like trying to get to the end of a Mobius strip. Not gonna happen.
#BackWhenIWasAKid I wanted to be a Power Ranger!
UGH, creepy ex-boyfriend Google ad. UGH.
interviewing piano players, if you play and read hit me up like Yesterday!!
dropping off car at shop..like i have $ to fix it now
"Hurry always empties a soul." - One Thousand Gifts - Ann Voskamp
hope you all had a wonderful day!
Where can I download the 10 or 12% coupon?? Do you guys still do that?
#Santorum: Only difference between fetus and u is time! God to Santorum: Only difference between u and a dead corpse is time.
thanks again for the mention. Peace
In the pub ready for the rugby! #come on Wales!
Nap, 2mile run and 30min Shred executed. The reward? Hot shower. Yes.
Thx & for another yr of great radio! Here's to 2012!
Smoking one cigarette a day increases the threat of heart attack by 63% and smoking 20 or more cigarettes a day more than quadruples it.
What's the plan for tonight? Im tempted to take a quick trip lol
Wait what is this show about? Personal lives of co-founders of ad agencies? Leave that to #MadMen. Give us creative & !
Good luck!! You'll do great.
SMH. I know!!!! Wish someone would just give me like 10000 to spend on camera stuff.
lol that pretty much speaks truth to my neighborhood.
Oops! I forgot to say goodmorning 2 hours ago :/ well, goodmorningg! :D
Love to all affected by the events of 9/11. Ten years ago today. In my thoughts and prayers forever.
Seems like ballplayers are dropping all over MLB. Injuries rampant.
Dumb and even dumber out here tryna race in traffic.
yo is ur school going to the colleg fair?
Soo the question is will we be able to walk tom?lol
I will use it you muppet! Get use to change :P x
Glad the toin coss on that award went the right way.
Singing my little heart out to Tegan and Sara
the Conservatory will be closed Thursday-Sunday for the holiday weekend - Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! ♫ ♫
Guess jazz will be in the house tomorrow sleeping her night away ! :/
love that guy, did you see his face when he almost hit that home run last night?
We are SO close to having an accepted offer on the house!
yippee it's fridayfridayfridayfridayfridayfriday!
best sprite i've ever had
