I seen you! You find ur car?
Acme Hotdogs has heavenly Chocolate Dipped Pretzels (individually decorated) from Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today!
It was a complete and thorough fail by the last night in their handling of the games. Turner has plenty of networks: SHOW THE GAME
good call, we miss you!
If you guys would be willing to give us a #FF mention today, that would be all kinds off awesome
written proof Obama's Kenyan. Go to my twitter page and find the link
Would love opinions on the sites with the best #customerservice though I hope we are one, we can always improve.
yes, I knew Bill was retiring. I haven't heard of anyone. Maybe I could apply?
Um no.
(Rich) Re-investigation is on for 10:30pm eastern this Saturday! Watch for tweets on location! Good activity last time.
Set your minds and keep then set on what is above. Good day!
RT : partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case today in Wisconsin Supreme Court. Hot panel.
"There's no way he would have known that about you." "I bet he googled me!"
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son.
Oy. iPhone 4 is dying, but iPhone 5 (allegedly) doesn't come out til October... WHAT TO DO?!?
#WeWereCoolUntil you couldnt take a joke no more haha
Really hoping I get a car for my birthday #nissanaltima 
I Am Number Four that's all I'm going to say...epic, epic movie. I highly suggest seeing it
Foodies are confused people who don't really like eating and can't really cook. They prefer to look at food & talk about it.
Gettin real pissed at the moment.......... tired of ppl havin a ratchet ass attitude I ain't even do nothin
Flyering during JJ Swing at the Taste of Buffalo went great. We only danced one song and then passed out flyers. Ppl were clamoring 4 them.
#GWAS or get rejected from Stanford, Cornell, Dartmouth, Washington
..if i don't get married be the age 25 , will someone put me down (kill me)
Good night my beautiful people😘
WHEN YOU USE CAPS I YELL IN HEAD, an how is it?
Yo guys, Check out for some sounds that are pleasing to the ear!
The stuffed browns are a meal in themselves! Chock full of pulled ham and cheddar or provolone and basil.
it's understandable for u 2 b a lil scared but its fun! Atleast go and if u wanna do it, do it, if not then don't, u kno...
Hey all! I'm back after a long hiatus, and guess what: I'm the new Web Manager for the !
"Would you like that on a muffin or a biscuit?" "What are you? New? Muffin"
- I remember 1st time I walked around Chicago @ night. I saw a critter I thought was a cat. It wasn't. It was a big city rat!
exactly, I'm not saying she's bad its just that shes overrated
all I can say in my defence is chocolate cake. #belowtheline staying strong & focused on last day
Not going to lie, I'm loving this hotel
I DOnt hate on all! ppl Just like 6 ICONiacs
So there's two niggas in the car infront of me smoking a blunt and they're laughing like maniacs lmfao
we need to work together when you get back in the city
Hey Busy Bee! What are you doing for YOU today!?
Make money from the comfort of your home! No Experience Necessary, Weekly Pay, Training Provided. Call at 4pm 218-548-0886 Code: 417091#
Messing with a man that got a gal 👫will only get u a wet🌊pussy🐱n a broken💔
Beating the drums for Hawaii is not hard to do... the place just grows on you. -James MacArthur
Campus Life College Ministry presents "iRock" a night of music, comedy, & spoken word January 20th
First sunshine in i can't remember when. No time for indoors! Off to the Jardin Luxembourg to soak it in.
hard 2 b mad at them for that, it's taking up floor space for more valuable products to the store
thanks so much for the love, Yul! Let us know if u can make it, we'd love for you to see it!Either way, see you at Ninth&Joanie!
I strive to be the best no matter what every single day of my life...
I never knew what all the fuss was about. But now Everytime I see the burger king commercial 😍😍 yes please! 👍
Got cool #Spurs pics or vids? Show them off @ www.SpursConnect.com #1 social network for #SpursFans! Join - Share - Win Tickets #GoSpursGo!
"This is a slide projector and a bedsheet!! And what on Earth is a Cebu anyway?!"
I shit in the house again and got in trouble. I say fuck you. Wake up and feed me on time.
Crispy chicken.....fresh lettuce
Well he here go again, living in world others cannot share... High on emotion XP
very tough loss for the tonight. Just another coulda woulda but didn't on the books. Need to grow up soon!
I am a jewelry designer from Pittsburgh and would be interested in designing for the fashion show
Finally watching The Perfect Storm. 40 minutes in. EXTREMELY SCHLOCKY.
hot tan blonde girls with the little cursive writing tattoos on their ribs, i dont care what it says its just amazing
Dr Walinski is on channel 6 RIGHT NOW! tune in!
We gots to do our own thang!
I can't imagine what people think we are even talking about...if they are reading our tweets! Rofl :)
same here!
There are so many things i want to tweet, but alas i only have 140 characters. and that aint enough to tweet what i just noticed...smh..smh
We can't wait either! See you there.
#sschat I've had students make own rubric for participation - works well!
Thx for shoutout for our event. I'll be the only leader attending tomorrow, hope we get a good turnout.
Just drank my Nyquil now calling it a night!! A great night it was!! With my sick man voice!! Lmao haha
Not now, but you can text me when I get my cell phone. I just have my home phone now -_-
Constantly amazed by seeing hipsters in #rva. Really, folks? I guess it's a confirmation of that article listing us (and #cha!) as next
good to know... [insert creepy laugh]
Can anyone recommend a good crossword puzzle App or two?
Happy Friday! We hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable weekend! :)
What's that?!
Just watched #GnomeAndJuliet - awesome kids movie - Brought be back to #LionKing :)
hahaha oh please. I grace you with mine. I'll drive next time you buy, "get in loser we're going shopping" <3
Hey Steve, thanks for tweeting and posting the infographic! We were surprised at some of the comparisons.
Lol. No is just not ready!
“: #SALUTE great music!”thanks alot!!!
Trey songz- heart attack❤
Hi, I like Harry Potter also. What other fantasy movies do you like? Do you like fantasy novels?
Ugh 70's psychedelic rock. Try harder Raleigh .
Thanks! I can't believe how much is going on that day.
RT : Welcome to the entire crew! PRT : Brushing up on my mad Adobe skillz! Thanks (w/ )
Man. I'm bored.
-Speaking about main street America- the new poor. Huge shift and crisis that needs to be addressed.
#NowPlaying LMFAO - Sexy and I Know It
yes lol i was both :-) and you?!
DC: 9 Days till G DAY! We'll "be" dancing in the streets!!
If you were a NASCAR driver, who would be your four sponsors?
What is Sarah Silverman doing on TUE April 3rd? I have it marked on the calendar today, with no details. ???
Gym Tan Lax
Np thanks for following back :))
Just announced: w/ and live at The Loft! Friday November 4th! Visit tkgmusicgroup.com for info
I'm sorry\: I'm so busy in rl
yes but at least his drawn well, they are just excessive. K-Mart's look like they were done in his cousin's garage
good to see you made it on to #Twitter, Chef!
That kid who always catches the HR balls to CF in Texas is awesome. Makes every play. Looks like Kenny Powers' nephew, too.
#cscfest today! can we get a retweet! See you there!
Eastburn. I blame google.
#justsaying it feels like a PTV day.. Perhaps
do tell!
Until this moment I never realized that Fred Savage and Ben Savage are brothers.
ya know, I tell her that all the time. But does she listen? Nope.
thats why i dont wanna go wiff her[x
ok. And the Geico commercial? Yeah it just came on not too long ago. Haha
#WhyDoiAlways feel akward in public places.
Interesting presentation on conceptions of the diva among contemporary young women by Sue Cronshaw and Jan Brown.
Your starting to build a good portfolio! Send a email to w/ the type of shoot you'd like to do!
I'd wear my contacts more often but I just don't see the point of needing to see a crow get electrocuted by a telephone pole 86 feet away.
now that sounds amazing!! Would you invite me? :)
So sad my Lakers lost
that last tweet asking about refreshments: it's the #MarriageAmerica conference in Orlando. Please come through w/some goodness!
Jurich winked at our suitor. Most people won't ask to dance unless they already know the answer. B12 is courting the other "hot chick" now.
Crazy storm earlier lol funny same ish happening on Doug.
Welcome to the new Timeline.....
Watching Family Guy lol Don't you just love Stewie????? :D
Fan identity crisis
Saw #NeverSayNever last night! Very inspiring and so cool to see working w/ a vocal coach! Take care of that voice!
thanks 4 the follow
#whiskeytango tonight. We got your Friday night covered. Food, fun, entertainment and #freeparking on the street. Fuckette on stage!
I hate it when you're playing hide and seek and you have to pee immediatly after you hide.
As the Deer and You Are My All In All are both stuck in my head so bad right now...
Saturday=College Football Sunday/Monday/Friday= NFL Other days= boring
me too
murdered that paper.. now off to play the piano for a little while!!
omg that hail is huge!
Thx! It's baby #2. Hoping friends & fam don't think, "Eh, she's done this before & doesn't need any help/taco boxes this time."
bored @ my friends house...again. at least i got patrick with me.
happens to me all the time
Hello, three day weekend, great to see you.
Ohh Vickie please stop shouting, I have a headache already
Secret to social media: follow everyone that follows. :)
#PennAW follow rain plan for Commencement today!
Goodmorning my Sweeties, have a bless day, kp ur head up and smile for me.... XoXo
Jelly has a cute belly! Congratulations and momma and poppa and to you!
Looking for an internship? Brand Ambassador positions are still open! Email
hahaha! How so?
I just wanna walk in the ocean.
maybe in canada?!
I earned the Ten Pound Club badge on Lose It!
I love everything about you when your sleeping and your mouth is shut
are you going to the game tomorrow?
Mike is enjoying Abed the most so far, I think.
Share your wedding horror stories with us...will read your tweets on-air tomorrow morning.
Eating tofu veggie scramble with doggie!
RIP Dick Clark..loved watching you on American Bandstand:(
Maybe shouldn't televise #bernanke today for the sake of the markets
On a side note, we didn't hear about how tired the Pacers were tonight playing 4 in 5 nights in 4 cities.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death. How curious is that?
yes that's better
“Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.” Erich Fromm
shout out to for encouraging girls to love who they are!!!!
hey! there's a lot of readers & writers on twitter. :) any of you good folks know review sites that do thrillers (preferably e-format)?
Radelet: "A lot of this story of economic growth is centered around South Africa. The end of #apartheid led to big economic changes."
I love banana pudding. You never know what you're gonna get: a pudding covered banana slice or a pudding covered wafer. JOY! ^.^
before I opened pix, I thought it would be red velvet cake!
The day I draft my will is the perfect day to electrocute myself!!
Very excited to order the new book from Still one of my favorite pinch hitters and one of the best walk-up songs ever.
Is there a way to listen to this now that it's over? Podcast maybe?
RT - Thank God! Football has started here, will stop watching a disaster called Indian Cricket team in Eng! Go New England Patriots!
Count me in to win! I'd love it... #VZWprepaid 4 a chance 2 win: Samsung Illusion or 4G Jetpack!
I Mean Fan.. im not the Real I kno i have the Same Name as Him.. I'm just an Fan thats Very Inspired By Him.. =)
Whoa! We have 79 followers! We shall make it 80 :)) Thanksso much guys for the support! We will post more vids in January, taking a break.:)
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to TRY
New York #Knicks are up on the #Bulls 25-22 at the end of the first. Fresh off his 44 pt game, Melo has 11 1st Quarter points.
"The choice you make makes you" says
Woo ! lol young crew ! O_o wait what ? young crew ? lolololol
why is it that every time i see smile i die a little inside? :) <3
lol just read my mentions
Dent: Forced to reconceive of refugee camps as permanent places, not temporary as once thought.
my right leg is bigger than you little guy - keep showin them "muscles" tho
not even close.!xD
Thanks! Her name is Jen Flanagan. Haute Heads in La Jolla. She's amazing - AND she's my cousin! Call her at 858.729.0846.
and you're jealous cause nobody's ever heard of north posey and they'll never sniff a sectional title... haters gon hate
#tkts get your $20 tickets for the otherwise sold out run of for THIS TUESDAY at 1 pm at Theatre 46th St
hey tyler!!!!! omg i love your videos :)
loving dad cutting on Wendell Sailor :D.
bro i downloaded the PONPONPON music video...oh,yeah...you know what we're gonna spend our first period doing xD
posted some thoughts about _The Game of Life_ & scale to 's post; thanks for the invitation!
Tweet us your NBA Playoff questions and we'll answer them live with Canzano tonight on Sports Sunday.
need wig tomorrow & the beard thurs. its for a commercial thats being shot. need to know asap. email: sfgiantsfans2012
Also my nickname for all my shoes! A very trashionable if not fashionable collection.
MYC adult leaders don't forget we have a meeting tonight 6pm! Spread the word!
how can we reach the top together
A special thanks to for introducing to our product!
Today is just one of those days where all the wackos are out and about
RT: The only person who cannot learn anything is the one who already is convinced that he knows everything.
RT : The interview just ended. It was magnificent. Julia is awesome.
Eggs aren't dairy.
whatup young reynsies, you better hit me up soon. And keep showin out tomorrow
I need three jobs... maybe it will help the family, right? Then I can help myself become a singer instead of having to wait.
the weather is bad..at least she wanna be around me...where ur folks at??? all of them lef yo ass
Watching the national college cheerleading championships & i swear 1 of the teams used one of adam lambert songs as a remix 4 their routine
I can't load the conversation. What was that in reply to?
tumblr and twitter only right now c; lol i ll check my fb in a lil ~
Hey thanks! We appreciate you taking the time to listen! Keep in touch
My first mixtape coming out soon MARCH 29th the big day for me...... called....IT'S ME.....its crazy......hope you guys get it.....peace...
Free ride to the party. sweet!
This AMC version has story notes - right up my alley!
Came this close to wishing I had a TV.
I called Starbucks today.... Once the servers are updated points will be updated and will be ok. You didnt lose points.
FACT:Clear Channel's parent company was taken private in '08 by private equity firms Thomas H. Lee Partners & BAIN CAPITAL.
dim sum. Hmm. Great idea.
love your pic!! Is BROOKLYN in da house!!!
all beliebers if u love justin as much as me follow me i love and support justin now and always from the beginning to the end luv justin!
Come by and try one!? RT : This is the best thing ever RT : The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of...
thats that hurt!
no problem. sorry to trouble you friend.
Missing my baby ughh I hate that I can't go a day without being with him ...smh
Yep, that's going make things interesting for sure.
hi thanks for following tell your friends about us
Now I kinda want Mongolian grill
Edward Norton was really asking, "How did they make Death To Smoochy?"
Joy is born through love and spread through laughter.
#WeirdCitationProblem: citing both the score and recording of a piece (thus, same author and title) in the parenthetical citation
Meeting for IAP 2.0. Building a team - much awesomeness transpiring. Very excited!
What is wrong with baby napper going out the front doorAfter comin in window,lites on bcoz man come home late sounds OK.
The law must now treat in a 'humane way' an individual who is 'outside nature' (whereas the old justice treated the 'outlaw' inhumanely)
The station beat me to it, but glad you got a response
#IfItWasntForFootball I would have no time with my girls!!! Thank You Football. : )
Lol except they just cut out half-way through the song.
#ATL is sick on the music talent met a ton of great people!
thx for entry!!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!
need help getting my husband to follow you? i`ll help u out
Very encouraging to meet people that have heard of CityStreak in Nash and are excited about what we are doing!
I found a catipiller and I named him Steven
Very cool pic!
Sore from working out, kind of want to get a membership at planet fitness though
you should meet then
Meditation is food for the soul...
In an otherwise totally silent airport how is it there are always annoying girls talking right behind you?
Entrepreneurship 101: find the pain, sell the relief.
Any time we lose stations, it puts a step closer to extinction on the radio, and that's what the "powers that be" want!
lol im planning a tattoo party the same day...no JP but I got you and Im throwing a party 2nd week of April for rere
what time?
I'm starving guess I will cook breakfast
yeah it rained like that for 2 hours! And I had to throw on some jeezy!!
*Earned income credit has no effect on certain welfare benefits.* *
There is no limit to ideas when it comes to creating custom T-shirts
is it a distraction from your mission or a distraction from your personal time?
yep. just comfirmed its WITH you..shit sorry. ignore the previous tweet.
u are totally welcome Cant wait to get some stuff made. Maybe when I'm in Nash next we could all chill! Have a good rehearsal!
RT : REPORT: Jets have interest in Tim Tebow. You know what that means- another extension for Mark Sanchez...
Pool party in the Sherman Oaks hills!!
She works in cultural heritage and was citing her own research, so not sure from presentation, but I'm assuming from that sector
“The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing.” Socrates
& welcome to the community!!!
Come on boys - keep chipping away! This isn't over...
Well, the weather has finally rebounded to close the season average! Great to see the sun. Now is the time for you to be getting the firs…
looks like Jesus don't want him for a sunbeam.
definitely. He actually was good before but now he is right underfoot. My own clumsy fault.
thanks x
Do you think Seattle will try to counter offer Flynn?
No better way to recover from yesterday than with a Sunday live Jazz Brunch and a Make-Your-Own Bloody Mary bar
I do know. Oh how I know.
The usage of the best printing company is must if high class CD jackets printing are required.
If you want to bring real representation to Irving join us today at 5p for our weekly phone bank. Our campaign office is at 2912 MacArthur.
Herbert Hoover spoke Mandarin Chinese fluently; he lived in China as a young mining engineer.
Nice article on how plans to make Baltimore the epicenter of #edtech in this month.
Catching up on my favorite show. Revenge.
I See U Talk And Follow Ur Fans Back!!! Am I Lucky Enough To Be The One????
“: An elephant will use its penis as a 5th leg to support its weight when necessary.” really?! I do that too!
I don't think are the ones you need to convince. :)
Thursday works. I arrive I think in the afternoon thurs and head back out Sunday noonish /cc
We used to think was an unreliable source to get news. Now it seems like they are more reliable to believe then big conglomerates
new holes at pitman golf course
Working on a new pool house concept... Activity on "accessory" buildings is up a lot!
It's a party up in here. Got a 21 yr scotch in hand, headphones on, and in bed watching the game next to a sleeping
you got that rite
No! It's too cold outside :(
Record number of employers & students at our career fair tonight! Record level of tiredness from this advisor. Still, an exciting day!
Happy birthday to my cousin Lauren who is on glee! At her party right now!
Be careful who you call your friends, I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
#FollowFriday Asia's largest MMA organization and network
Thank you all who came out to support the Afro-Haitian modern class. Again we hope you guys had a good time!!! See you next Sunday!!!
I can't believe you just said that about my class -facepalm-
we just launched our new website!!! yayy!! www.momentumcleveland.com
I think 1 in 1983 RT : lol...Yeah those five rings will make ppl mad...lol. Does Ripken have one?
Happy Saturday!! Don't forget beginning in March we are open on Sundays!! Reserve your appointments now!
A dream with out a goal is just.... A wish
library of congress retrieval rate for ft. meade off site storage is close or at 100%. nowhere near that for regular stacks.
Don't settle for less when you capable of doing GREAT in life, God said in his own word that anything is possible
Times goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you love
Intention and action? The gap between them much wider than you think!
if you weren't there did you get a locker?
wear you hair just for him cause you won;t get him thinkin and a parayin, wishin' and a hopin'
I don't know whose words were worse Delman Young or his attorney, Daniel Ollen, citing privileges because "he is a world famous athlete".
#yobitv Are you having technical difficulties ? because ive been tweeting and I dont see my tweets. School me im new to this?
What a sick goal! Datysuk is making things happen out there, congratz to Nyquist on his first NHL goal.
great hang! Cant wait till u rock the lounge tomorrow thanks for the follow
I'll be pleasantly surprised when it's Friday at 5!
And most importantly don't tweet about your drama...
#FF awesome authors
Hopefully it's a good one for you! COme and visit one of best and brightest
Its run by wix, right? I'm not a big fan of how they run websites. Just me though.
“: What, specifically, does it mean to be "riding dirty"?” driving w/ drugs, guns, warrents, ect ect.
Wow! That is really sad!
Kids today cannot read cursive #dpla... this impacts access and research in older collections.
(c) IM NOT JOKING! I KNOW UNLIKE OTHERS WHO VINNY IS AND TONY SO SIT DOWN AND WORRY ABOUT YOUR OWN FREAKING SELF! k thanks bai!(:
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy people who say the miami heats
Studio Session with &
He was amazing at the last event. We didn't let him play only sing because of his carpal tunnel. So..yes..def on the invite list
Watching you on younow right now (: follow me back please? (:
thanks for tha ad.
what hurts so much is the excitement of 4-0. thinking wow we can really do this. and then it was like a punch in the stomach.
Define your mission & understand the impact you need to make on society then innovate to accomplish. ~michael edson
thank you
Looking forward to heading to DC for the week!
Cool! I really like the packaging idea you had.
None. Nicklaus won in 1966 which would have been Easter, but it went to an 18 hole playoff
I'm a business man love! Don't take it personal. I could care less bout da beef. I'm strictly bout da paper.
Legally changing my name to "This is commercial towing vehicle 'Nostromo'"
was good bro lol
so what you gotta do is find out who is charge of it and send me his info.
Watching #TheVoice in eastern time tonight. I'm slightly addicted.
TINY BEAR CUB. THAT'S NOT AN EXUSE.
i think we were joking ediblesd :) altho i supposed there is no way to prove or disprove it
Questions re on : 1. What options viz Pakistan did Obama give up by increasing troop levels? 2. What troop level >>
sorry aha next time, it was only half a water bottle full
because you was retarded?
um that can't be good lol!
I'm going to stab my eyes out
#nowplaying maps - yeah yeah yeah... -_-
Act like a lady, think like a man...Happy Beernes!
All due respect to OU and OSU, Boise etc. There should be a rematch for the national title between LSU-Alabama
Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What hurts is remembering who they used to be.
What an awesome game last night! Did everyone enjoy the Superbowl as much as we did?
Piers your interview with Goldie was refreshing! She handled your thought provoking questions w/grace
Yesterday I saw "The Raid: Redemption" but I was nodding off from lack of sleep (movie is NOT boring) so I kinda feel like I dreamt it.
you're a funny tweeter
would that web developer happen to need PHP/Drupal skill sets?
Because its important!!! Lol. Not...
I'm getting a report that a crowd is waiting outside the Nike Store at MOA. Apparently the new Jordan's have them fired up!
New race grp actually selling tix. They say. “: Race On says they will begin selling tickets to the Baltimore Grand Prix May 28.”
watching jersey shore relaxing...im in the mood for some rice and beans..
I have finally figured out Why my hands always have cuts on them
worse night of work so far. bout to go celebrate bushmans 18th birthday though, should be fun! :D
I love 's story tweets.
makes me blush when we talk. ;D
yikes! Hope you made it safe pal!
I still can't believe and played with Frank Ocean this year at Coachella. Too cool.
Yes indeed, Bethany , you formulated the witty "I Done Good." Not sure how to correct the oral record...
I've always said that if i could quit one bodily function, it would be sleeping.
Great insights from dinner: Marketing initiatives around particular brand attributes more manageable and measurable
I have tried my best n gave my best effort i luv u 4ever n always n plzzzz follow me <3:) xoxoxoxo Luv your biggest fan!!!!!
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. - Mother Teresa
I hate tied third period hockey.
He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, while he who has one enemy shall meet him everywhere. -Ali bin Abi Talib
Happy Christmas Heavenly Angel!
S/O at new twit fam
We hope Peanut makes it home very soon!
when does rags premiere
Nothing makes me feel like a good citizen like a 10 a.m. liquor store run. (bringing mimosas to brunch)
every murder has and is a story. I suggest turning off the tv, that is something you have control over
my sleep patterns are fucked up
any plans for a tour stop around Washington DC?
IS SINGING ALICIA KEYS !! 2 TONES HIGHER THAN ALICIA NOTES !! LOL
! ": Just Announced: DEAD MAN WINTER in the Entry on Thursday, May 10."
We brought all the kids! Let's hope I don't go crazy!
you gotta pay the crown to win a crown - RT :
Sounds great ... See you tomorrow
says community plans have not been updated since 1970s and 1980s
It's better here... #ComeVisitSoon :)
One more final tonight then back to Columbus!
Just woke up from a nice hour nap #relaxing :)
connection test
Gracias for the mention
*sigh* yeah we need to pack something maybe our minds? We lost them somewhere when we went crazy
still need to see more??
Third-quarter U.S. GDP growth came in at 2.5%, much stronger than consensus forecasts
Seattle they missed out on
You know those moments in life when you realize you already have everything you ever wanted? For me - that moment was today.
Spending the day with my mom!
That's just silly... (sighs) but the good content ones, can always remember to put on queue to read.
Joshua Joshua Joshua.
Its Island Night!! $3 Coronas and $4.50 Margaritas.
Down goes Overbay.
what's new? Haven't talked in forever...
Our first Strategic Sales Customer is on board! W.allerentconsulting.com
it's getting better :)
I've a sick little girl today so if anyone has any queries please direct emails to the general aimagencypr address - which all staff access
Hahah YES. True story, my grandma has a picture of him next to Jesus in her house.
menus printed. Wines are waiting. Sitting in the newly finished wine room. Cannot wait. There will be bubbles!
sugar...spice...&& everything nice
No worries. I'v done the same. aha. damn twitter app needs to get it together! >,<
I'mma tell u "one time" Justin drew Bieber is "Down to Earth" in "My World" "Baby!" ;)<3
When things finally go your way ....
Is anyone else getting DMs like this: haha i cant stop laughing, your facial expression here is priceless!
One week away from the big batch of We can't wait to see how it turns out!
very rich mom. Her fiancee died in a plane crash. I buy it and her 100%!
Not yet but I'm sure she will soon.
I was listening to music I didn't hear u
Avg redemption rates for mobile coupons is 5-15% vs. 1% for regular coupons
tomorrow gonna eat out with my dad,and with my grandfathers :D family moments without my mother: c
The weather sure has been beautiful lately. What’s your favorite place to explore and take photos at around #RVA? Belle Isle? Maymont?
we are not the same i am a martian
Whens does the "bumps in feefos whip tees come out" lol
Guys, I can't get Klouchebag to work. Can someone tell me what I am?
lmfao my bad!
I live for little moments like that <3
text me about saturday because i'm on facebook and you didnt send me.one ): (:
Well. Damn.
Enjoy 50% Off at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Do you know any good local restaurants in Indy? I am downtown and could use a suggestion.
Thst why I rather not want to deal with anyone at any level as friends, relationship or some family It's because the shit on you if they can
lol you are going ham on someone right now
RT : In my 30 years this is what I've learned about women: 1.) "No" means no 2.) "Maybe" means no 3.) "Yes" means maybe
do u have holidays??
RT : 57% of marketers welcome social media users involvement and participation with their brands -Extra Mile Research
yes sir you are correct.
#BackInElementarySchool "Bubblegum, bubblegum, in a dish, how many pieces do you wish?"
So cheesesticks and chicken
I'm looking for a breakfast grits casserole in case you have a recipe I can try this weekend!
Again, account was hacked. Don't click on link in a private message from me - even if you have lost weight.
Ugh, still feeling really sick after 2 weeks. At least I slept well last night. Time to get some work done
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! ♥ ◕‿◕
I'm out there looking for love but maybe the love I have for you is telling em something.
Ah puppy did so good !
good singing and comedy on tgif by the way i have internet lol
Flying Southwest to San Diego for #csa12. The buckle was too tight. I had to loosen it.
we almost got a new puppy! Luckily for u he belonged to someone. (who leaves their dog to run around a Wendy's parking lot)
Can any of y'all estimate log base 10 of 2000 factorial for me? I.e., how many digits in 2000! ?
Wait, people that get cancer are trying to set themselves on fire?! RT : If you get cancer go to the doctor, don't go to Tibet.
not as great as
Thanks man! Its available online of course but we'll get u a fresh pressed copy soon! Its a new sound..
I seriously want answers. What was that? Some kind of lame Texas highschool football locker room? I don't get it.
Watching les mis. Sweet mother of jonas... staying for
This kid is annoying, aye aye.
follow me please
oh god
You have to try the boiled crawfish. They look creepy but they taste wonderful.
Out of $550 NLH. Down to 1/3 of entrants. No action on my big hands and coolered in other spots.
I usually wouldn't put myself out there like on the last tweet but its the truth
Send me a picture please!!!
The app downloads them into the app and as far as I know there's no way to get them out. Your pc just uses your iTunes.
Pascoe's book "Dude, You're a Fag" does a great job demonstrating this point about school violence labeled as "homophobic."
u can say that shit again
The ‘Gator’s strong point is a luxurious interior with ample space for passengers in all three rows
Don't leave her if you can't let her go..
Seattle's Conversations Live ... link above! Thanks for asking.
hey brahh I'd appreciate a shout out I need help with followers
That moment when you try not to itch something and right before the itch went away you scratch it
All the teens in my Talk To Teens wanted to read Ready Player One, too, Elena! Peer pressure!
when will you be releasing this in the US?!?!
RT" Very disappointed in Judge Flanagan's decision yesterday. I'm the only one allowed to break the rules in WI.
Stop acting like your so cool. We all hate you.
im in RB ... not too close to where i work but i will try
I attended your class Friday night at Kicks Unlimited in Middleton, WI. Had a blast. Thanks for visiting our area!
You're welcome Ron-luv that quote by F Scott Fitgerald! Have a great weekend!
yooooo let's do this
Just registered .
I just texted u foo and they told me wrong number!!! Lmao
What day do you leave? :)
I'm #thankful for a wonderful and loving boyfriend who always knows how to make me feel better
Just got home really tired for some reason wish my girlfriend was here with me smhhhh
Recap for UFC 138 coming? Your 137 take was good.
And thanks, Lisa, for suggesting search.twitter.com, which I didn't know about-though I've found iPhone apps that do this.
I might be going to bed at 10pm on a Friday night
FOLLOW ME!? Pleasssseee!?(;
No fucks shall be given today.
When I zig zag I need a clear signal to get back on track.
Some of us are being to missled on music being played on the radio. its sad :/
Rise&Shine it's Wake-n-Bake time!! Hope everyone has a horny weekend,shout out 2 the best-->TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson!!
Shoutout to my man Heard you've been waiting on a Tweet from me
nails done then swimming w/ nicole and erica . <3
Did anyone else know that DJ Pauly D copied travis barkers rib cage tattoo??
RT : She was never a bitch, pain made her that way...
I so missed out on Vegas. :( wah.
Oh got it! Yes, we could add that embed code too.
Follow back julia lol
...made all my friends and family feel loved
#bookaday THE TROUBLE WITH MAY AMELIA by Jennifer L. Holm
No problem; I suspected a copy/paste culprit. Keep fighting the good plaintext fight!
Any wine is good. If its wine, its mine.
Is singing a lot this next month and I need to be acting. Come on bring me something juicy. With pay for my sweet agents too
Wasn't she cursed? Thought she was aware of everything going on while she was a mummy. Could be I'm misremembering.
He's the king we deserve AND the one we need right now.
"Mike is a shit." "Do you want to expand on that?" "Uh, sure. He is a massive and total shit."
I Feel Left Out Now -.-
I'll be there this week!! RT : missed u Sunday night homie!
of course there will be room for you. I will start SXSW13 planning in Sept - ping me then!
Congrats to Bon Iver from Eau Claire WI for winning a Grammy!
Mark your calendar: Sept. 3, Indianapolis cancer-survivor-support bike ride. 15-, 30- or 50-mile rides. More info soon.
Lol, that was before they had Andrew Bynum.
thinks I've found the cure for stupidity a shock collar & if it doesn't cure them at least u got a good laugh watching them twitch."
You promised you would never break my heart .. you promised .. Everything you said I believed .. For nothing .. 💔
No texts no calls, nothing. But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy.
Glad you're following us. Please let us know if we can help you.
I am one boob, you are the other boob and together? breast friends ♥
RIP Steve Jobs :(
CRM exam on monday but i am still left wif 1.5 chapters UNTOUCH!!! i am just gonnnaaaaa DIE i suppose!!!.
Member when we were little and we couldn't find a letter on the keyboard? "OH MY GOD WHERE IS THE 'P' SOMEONE MUST HAVE TOOK IT O-nevermind"
wish I lived in NYC--I would volunteer!
Love is just love, it can never be explained.
Rt if you want #POTUS to address fielder's move to the tonight
AH! Just watched the #BiggestLoser Finale! SO INSPIRING!!!
drive safely!
i'm following you too now!!!
School is hard.. Getting tired.
I don't understand how we are willing to pay for convicts healthcare yet not our poor neighbours
CHI Locals' Night attendees: check in w registration then go to exhibit hall. The cool stuff is behind and to the side of the trade show.
Just finished a huge project. Took off my headphones and "Woo'ed", waking up the dog, who wagged his stumpy tail and went back to sleep.
So, is pretty fantastic. Wishing I could spend more time hanging around and checking things out.
Happy Good Friday! Lift Him up today.
I sure am! Hope you are too! :)
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of
Eating A Chocolate Chip Poptart = EVERYBODY Staring At Me lmaoooooo
i really miss having a boyfriend. i want someone that i can call mine and only mine.
mm .. I love food :D<3 and I love you
pretty girl wants to get naked for me on her cam, don't mind if I do. :D
Just cleaned off my desk. The odds of finding anything I need tomorrow?
Really annoyed right now ....
I'm wearing my promise ring from high school. Diamonds are forever, "what's his name" isn't.
Culture eats strategy for lunch – David Pryor, Allina CIO Working on new IT change program and this quote is as true as ever ;-(
you're welcome :)
": Morning everyone!" Good morning Jas!
Omg just saw on ABDC!!!
So true. Alternative & Format are essential, utterly.
A big day for the 1%
Watching trey songz shout out
I have high hopes for today! Wrong thing to do??
i love you #follow me
Good night all going to help my little buddy find the head to his spiderman. lol. Sweetdreams everyone!
Watched the winner from Rock of Love flirt with peeps (NOT Brett). Seems nice...
yeah ima call I the morning cause this is just ridiculous
I wanted to say the sky when you asked me what's up?! lol :)
Why is it that its so hard to get vehicles legal i mean damn
Not big on horror films, but Cabin in the Woods was really enjoyable. Took an old paradigm to a unique place, self-aware, and a bit funny.
So let's see: Train Dreams et al. were good, but not good enough. Ah, the exquisite silliness of prize-giving.
we'll see u there!
Postville march powerful. Sad to hear "Statue of Liberty doesn't say give me your illegal aliens." No one is illegal. Everyone is human.
THANK YOU for the FF! Great to connect with you!
you need some pizza! Haha ♡ congrats. =-)
how many do you want?
Seeing Incubus at Raley Field tonight! Anyone else in Sac going?
Never underestimate unchecked stupidity in GOP rank & file; they may decide to hold debt ceiling hostage again anyway
I'm at the edge of being poor.
you need to tell me your moms decision for jmoms cause we cant go if you cant. :P
That toe was down. Unreal catch
RT : That was definitely a "shut the f%#$ up" from Peavy to AJ. Speaks for so many.
Looking for a last minute gift for a musician in your life? We have coffee mugs, mousepads, and other fun items still in stock. Come on in!
The Marriage Plot can make the NBCC finalist list, but can it beat Green Girl in Tournament of Books?
It is fucken hot out...
wishing you a JOYOUS Christmas eve
I'm not surprised by the #fail RT My wife just paid over $200 to attend one day of the conf. Way to not have scales,
P.S. im at my grandma's house but im coming back on sunday. xoxo
Secondly, my basement is a real asshole.
Some couples are so cute.
RT Portland Trailblazers Ray Charles said it all. Yes, just you be strong And it will be all right. IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT.
Studies show what ADHD tends to affect movement more in boys than in girls. Few comparative studies have been done, though.
kk ill accept you
7 hours I have to wake up? On a Friday ... fuck me!!!! Goodnight.
Im still fly :p
Happy Hour all day!
HEY EVERYONE!! GO FOLLOW MAKE YOUR LIFE A BIT BETTER (:
Thanks for sharing, #Tempranillo is one of our top award winners. & Thanks to for carying #GroveWines. Cheers!
Or go to Jimmy's To-Go! Cooked to order burgers, the best in #Reedsburg!
I'm more irrational than the girl on steroids
there's over 6,000,000,000 people in this world, don't let 1 bring you down <3
I don't mean to pile on you, btw. Not my intent. I'm just hearing justifications that don't make any sense to me about them.
Going on the road with BUILT TO SPILL this week!!! ""CAN'T WAIT"!!!
This test is taking way to long!
People who don't like bacon cannot be trusted, end of story.
Follow today to help children across America receive the education they deserve! #RealChangeProject RT and Follow!
I finally figured it out! The Red Sox are bad! Phew, that feels better.
My brother telling me the story of how he got lost in the hotel after only being alone for fifteen minutes was amazing
#ThatDepressingMoment when your parents come 2 your school and your not there... Ass whipping soon 2 follow. :o
Still in NY?
Auckland has smells pure and clean....anyone agree?
haha! that is just dangerous!!
"You Only Live Once". Uh..? I think Drizzy forgot about the Vampires.
New York should be embarrassed by the lack of effort in this final quarter.
somebody tell austin to come to new york on may 12th for my birthday <3 wahh
thanks so much! Big Gaslight fan
shout out plz
I said we needed someone actually IN clothes.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve. Tehyi Hsieh
Off today - applying for jobs. Need to find something soon!
people that make lite of rape are a special kind of stupid. You're a horrible person!
this kid needs some help.
NP lol ur the only one who called me doll face lolololol
Nearly 80-yr old client on her slumlord landlord: "He really burns my feathers. I just want to beat. him. up."
An agreement has been reached with the Guinness World Book of Records to review & sanction the 25K mile solo challenge ride as a WR attempt
Nathan Smith (Mainframe) just mixed the bazookies out of my client (Flyte 3)'s project - STELLAR Nathan!
the only cartographers we have left in the world work in the gas stations in small towns. Sweet receipt map, ma'am.
I'm always happy to share with you!
aw thank you. im glad you enjoy watching my work
This is the one, Nick. #orioles (-:
thank You!!
A devil can come disguised as a Christian and who loves God holding the Bible.
. That's probably another transplanted New Yorker doing that deal!
well that didn't work.
Going to see Think like a man tonight.. Tickets already bought.. I'm geeked. Ain't been out in While..
Havent been on here ina long time been busy with the new year hope everyones year is goin yood so far
I feel like every time I look up at the TV Kopecky's on the ice.
Free album download of www.blasesplee.com
I love my boyfriend more than anything.
Watching Frontline on the causes of the financial crisis frightens me more than The Walking Dead. The narrator is not soothing tonight.
Sometimes, I just don't understand people.
Gonna make a Chipotle run this afternoon. I'll be thinking about you; when I bite into it. ;) Enjoy your road trip!
I do not agree w/ Joyner approach. Lettermen should've been more involved but you are hurting us more than any scandal.
could it be? : (Haitian) zombies are "disinclined to eat spicy foods & prefer meals consisting of banana" source?
In Norfolk wrapping up the last day of SGMP, trade show today and then the 4 hour drive home
Sick on a Sat night im laying on the couch recovering and watching Wonka too!!
so that's how you keep the mafia from finding you in witness protection?
My back hurts alot!
Oh, did the Mountain Dew arrive already? We had planned it for the 3pm break.
Please Make My Day And Follow Me!! xoxo #mahomie ;)
Not thinking straight - got nailed passing through Lordsburg speed trap doing 75 in a 65. $84 Gah!
Spill coffee on your carpet? We can help you with that stain!
**BREAKING** Just learned that AB481 will be discussed tomorrow. Youth Council members are calling state representatives: You should too!
So you're putting the governor on the level with a nutjob? Fair enough then I guess.
This day is just going to suck
Angela this was amazing, and we beat the Sp #ideachats So many great ideas!
- Already done.
I've put a lot of work into twitter...I wish I liked it more!
I am the founder of white girl dancing.
Are you in training for something?
We offer an on-time guarantee, complimentary vehicle amenities such as in-car WiFi, personalized packages that will meet all of your needs.
I got all I need and its alright by me.
It is 2012. I am creating a new site, and it is taking more than two minutes to hook up the database. I'm going nuts.
So the #Blackhawks fell apart in the third period, but unfair officiating is what ultimately screwed them over in this series. Total BD.
"If you’re talking about me behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours"
I love your backround :)
Equal Rights! Go Gays!
I give your work an A-plus, Jason!
I linked the practice song to your video :) you still work here?
Question: Why do traffic lights rarely go swimming? Answer: They take much too long to change.
wish I was there! Miss you too!
Every sad country song apologizes for being the man that I'm not. I must be going about this the wrong way, I never even have to be sorry.
I just pinged the pastor from the non-denominational church I mentioned to you to see if he can fit in a chat/meeting with u
OKAY TWITTER JAIL SUCKS
Have been for a while <3 We love all the divisions of FeaR
“: What I miss most: Being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.” Very true... Some days more than others
Creepy crawlers
#CaseyAnthony Need to clean your criminal record? Call NOW. Serving Pinellas County. (727) 474 9988
So true! “: Seriously cannot decide which character I like better #ModernFamily They're all friggin' hlarious!!”
Wanna go to my roof.. And scream as loud as I can...
How many iphones have you had? I'm talking to someone who may have lost more than you, need to know who wins.
yeah I love the odds tmr for memphis. I'm hopin denver can outlast the lakers in the next quarter...
that would be a good idea. Thank. I knew you would know what to do
Fun night out dancing last night. Still chuckling to myself over watching the local weatherman hit on young ladies.
More on Works Cited: if I can't find a foreign name, I search partials. If a student gets diacritics right, I'm quite impressed.
Successful Mission!!!
We're good friends!!!
Seeing That Comment Really Got Me Thinking I Wanna Go Back Home...-
no prb J.Young
I love your icon. c:
Teri Hatcher is behind me at El Pollo Loco drive thru!! Celebs ARE just like you & me. She looks a lot like an old hispanic lady in person
follow back bro!
Today's dogTown customer celebrity lookalikes include: Marc Maron and a black Kate Micucci
Heading to #SHEAR tomorrow! Anyone else?
I love that Malibu country is already getting great reviews just from the trailer clip,can u imagine when it's actually aired?? XOXOXO
Laughing out loud about taking out his neighbors mailbox!
I know right? I can't help but think they eventually come back to earth though.
bored tweet...
Out with & crew in my old hood. Journey playing, Busch Light flowing down the locals throats....yup I'm home.
i guess so goodwill LOL craziest shit i senn and about laughed myself to a heart attack
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you.
2nd annual New Yrs party is a day away,txt for location or call. if u been before well u just know if u haven't well u will. People already
Congrats!! RT : YES. Thrilled that O: The Oprah Magazine includes 's SILVER SPARROW in its "Best Books for 2011"!
no it was for casper....yes it was for you :-)
My early morning gym session was a fail due to my extreme soreness from my first intramural volleyball match.
the philanthropist of the day! She fights for #education & started the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in South Africa!
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac stresses importance of formalizing research time allowance for alt-acs. Written into job contracts.
“: I'm so pumped I could die!!! Is it the song I think it is?!!!!” nope. No one has heard this one at all yet
#CHUCK wit the TACO MEAT!!!
You can start it at any time. Mine started at 30 ;)
C'mon 'nucks fans, they earned it.
The Waterboy is on!:D
Chad Ochocinco has restructured contract and will be back with
SHUTUP NO ONE CARES.
I will make my presence known on the runways of New York, Milan and Paris Broadway and Hollywood WILL know my name!
Rob u are the realest man on earth, easyly said for me. Bless ur Fam
Are any of you giving cookbooks as holiday gifts? What are your favorites?
Omg I don't understand guys ugh
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. - E. Joseph Cossman
Oh come on girl. Ya know you want him. ; )
reading your TS is like watching a kitten bat around a ball of string. You make it look easy keep up the good work!
Awesome man! 2 of our DOM Founding Fathers are from Columbus, OH not to far from your neck of the woods.
#Salute to YoungChop
is it crowded at Cliff Hagan Stadium?
hated to have to call for that! She's resting now! Her & grandma making dressing & talking about how bad we was!
We're bringing a bit of uptown to downtown #Memphis. Try faves like salmon roulade, lobster tempura, corn/blueberry salad&vintage cocktails!
Hey if I said I like your face will you ship me and phil!
Nah... what they NEED is to be communicators and facilitators in projects that involve specialists who can do these things
I appreciate your doing the right thing.
wrong person...
I call everyone "boo boo". Don't get mad. It's out of cariño! <3
chillin how r u Mr. Beatz ~!
Why is that every time you approach the drama, they act as if nothing is wrong..--
Rehabilitation starts by having your #dog know what is expected of him
Can replay officials hear ABC announcers? I think Herbstreit just talked them into overturning 2 pt call
I'm in Maine for the week w/ the fam!
Hope Yall Come : )
great job! good luck in the tt.
Costume put together...now if I just had a Halloween ball to go to. do you know of one?
Steak On Me
I dont know what's your plans for today I was wondering if we can sit down and talk
I have this Profile stem
“ the garlic fries are also legendary at ballpark in arlington, only one concession stand. Worth the lap to get” Agree!
But I always appreciate critical feedback. Listen to every word said.
Where would I find the Serial number?
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
attempting to relate the words 'eating meat' and 'slavery.' But u'r argument changes the the meaning of the 2nd word.
You people in lexington rock. had such a good time and everyone is so nice! :-( back to work bright and early tomorrow
go for it!
I'm sure they are setting us up to one day wear Tommy Bahama shirts and too much cologne
MissPoonamC it was boring! I turned it off half way through
I usually avoid recruiting until it heats up but I can't help already get a little excited. Could we land 15 four stars in this next class?
anyone who RTs is cool in our book
all coldplay would be fun! First Chili peppers then a Coachella ride the week after that :)
We can only move 20 mph at the fastest because of all the damage and debris. There is just massive, massive destruction
hey guys! if you put us in your #ff's we and will follow you back and put you in our #ff's! <3
Event went well, perfect day for it, but I'm def ready for some happy hour(s). Probably heading to Kite n Key in Fairmount:)
I completely agree and the subjectivity limits the lasting impact of the piece (in my opinion). 3 ideas come to mind -
I've never seen so quite......am I diss appointed yea but what a season #Broncos what a season.
you will!! Thank you so much! Dancers with talent heart and respect like u make me love what I do so much!!
No worries I'll come swoop when ya ready.
RT : 's essay collection I Must Not Think Bad Thoughts is brilliant. I am too stupid with soul-delay to articulate how.
Modern Touch DJs at Boondocks next Friday, June 19th.
omg! my professor probably thinks im a weirdo, she came out the elevator and I was sitting right there waiting haha.
Guiseppe Meazza's shorts fell down whilst taking a penalty in the 1938 World Cup. He was the butt of the jokes that year
I haven't been to Whole Foods in ages. Perhaps it was a doppelganger? And yes, I am serious. :)
Are ppl really trippin on 10 sec clip w/ the crooks shirt?!!! Plz pray that God gives u a life.
Cowboys fans unite!
Leaping forward indeed!
Past choices are present results.
I wonder why oregano in particular ... like does the same go for cumin?
“: Crazy! RT We closed at 5 pm today due to capacity spring crowds” Explains the smell on the metro tonight!
lmfao yeah okay.
"I intend to fight obstruction with action." The coming season.
''Enough is enough, no more walking around with my head down, I'm so over being blue, crying over you”
Hahaha Beiber knows what team to be on
You are having a pretty busy summer!
Gunna Kill In In Marysville In September! Can't Wait;D Cody I Can Listen To YOU #AllDay <3
It is a man's own mind - not his enemy or his foe that lures him into evil ways.
oh yea! I will try & stop by. What day are you getting to portland? We are getting there thursday evening.
told my parents the only way ill try to gradaute is if they got me some custom eyelashes and hotass acrylics
Thanks anyway! Pacific Coast deadline, June 30!! See you then.
Going to show tonight. Im her ride there, so PUMPED. Waitin on her and Coree to get ready so we can roll.
Woman gives birth on trolleybus in Bratislava
#Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language - Cinematographer #Conrad #Hall (1926 - 2003)
wow1 way too much loyals on right now
ty open minded is a choice ppl chose 2 make or not-i chose 2 be open minded & not live in ignorance & w/racist views
Another interesting report School Finance in the Digital Learning Era tp://mbcurl.me/3YT
#liber2011 If lib's info budget is cut, will student attainment fall? Opinion: but the other variables could fall as well.
Still wondering what happened to you... 😌😁
Today is a great day! My parents get to meet my wonderful family and Campaign Week officially begins at midnight! :)
Pharmacy Discounts - Save up to 65% - Wegmans - LEVOTHYROXINE SODIUM -
Just had fried calamari for the first time. Feelin adventurous fo sho.
My mom is so embarrassing.. Smh.
Does anybody else think the last couple minutes of Wilco's The Whole Love sound kind of like a pleasant little #Phish jam? Well, I do.
I agree that there are other ways to getting animals to live with us in harmony, thanks
All I want is an article on the history of tuberculosis in the Americas or Egypt. One that I don't have to purchase.
lmao you never get wet , dont know how to take that when you say it xD
dunder mifflin RT The awkward moment when you say something funny to a group of people you've just met and none of them laugh...
"Look Bubbles, go back to ya habitaaaatt."
Maybe it's a deeper study that says $1million would not make them as happy as connecting with people
SXSW Film is currently underway. What's everyone excited about seeing/what keynotes are you attending?
That amazing moment when you post a comment on facebook and everyone likes it.
#Friends is the best show on Earth.
Once your payment has been received we will be completing the donation in your name or your company's name and you will get confirmation...
I CANT BELIEVE THEY LET JOSHUA LEDET GO ONE OF THE BEST SINGERS ON IDOL GO!
Yu Can Never Get To Old To Love Fruit Snacks! (:
"if we try to run a regular offense, we're screwed with... Peyton Manning" Notice Denver is changing offense for PM too
Take care nigga
I know, it sucks. I haven't seen you all in forever :P
Turn off the lights ACE Damn .
That's funny! Come up here, there's lots of snow to sled in!
B-A-H Nation...check out your Brass-A-Holics live on Fox News 8 for the noon broadcast.
check out my Model Journal, "Extra Extra Read All About It,"on the front page of Paul Fisher's www.networktalentcommunity.com/
so some people say ima hoe but then also wana fuck me so if u think ima hoe and u still wana fuck me don't that make u a hoe 2#random though
no proof that he did either just one test that was tainted and 2 subsequent negative tests. Get facts straight.
happy bday, Pitt! RT This year marks the 225th anniversary of the founding of Pittsburgh's oldest university.
it is nice let me hold it lol !!
I drawn a picture of you ^.^ but it failed :/
Black is beautiful. White is beautiful. Asian is beautiful. Hispanic is beautiful. Fat is beautiful. Skinny is beautiful. You are beautiful.
RT : RT : Marco Rubio delivers foreign policy address with bipartisan tone at Brookings Institution...
Hi there, did you get our email? we sent it via your website email today.
Don't miss 'em. The Video Game Awards, tonight at 7pm (Pacific) on Spike.
Fun day at #batimorehistoric talking about Interesting things to think about, lots of different perspectives on digitization
We're really lucky to have COO Cris Ros Dukler addressing the corps today.
im on twitter and you are not! ;D
my epidermis hurts.
Sleeper show of the week at HighDive tonight with Just Like Vinyl, and my personal PDX fave White Orange. Next door.
well then c'mon what you waitin for? :)
Time to teach spin! What is your Tuesday workout routine?
#6WordSciFiStory - Immortality sucks when you're all alone.
oh man, you're in town?!
haha she got from her mama lol:) shes so cute
This is embarrassing. Classless.
thank you! We think you're awesome 😄
I think not
Farmer Lawrence Calvert -- "I tell his grandkids that their my grandkids, bc they're like another set of grandkids"
Hey I checked out Reverb. Love the sound of the 1st track, pity I'll nvr be able to play it out loud cause of 'that' word :(
lets do that nxt weeknd so we hv time to plan and we get paid lol
omigod is it responding to attention?
Naughtiness and a Time Out
as is yours -> I canoed the Issabella River & have seen the northern lights. ...I grew up in the Midwest ...Canada vry close
you look amazing!
hola, sorry my Spanish is poor. In 2 weeks Google "PokerStars club Alicante, Spain" - you will view The Fumaos Club. Thanks
some great coaching sessions lately. we have so many wonderful clients and are so grateful!
fox football guys live now - stream at www.foxsportsradio.com
If you are engaged with your breathing, in drawing in each full breath, you will open up an entirely new world of potential.
sometimes Sundays just feel like a big flaming sack of shit waiting to get stomped on.
footnote: took it personally. Wife has adored u all her life..think u need to serenade her for her Xmas present here in ky
I wish for a world of peace, harmony, & nakedness.
no problem and thank you for asking how I've been to lol
filling up a cart like I'm on Supermarket Sweep!
Thanks for the goat dinner! What's the name of the restaurant?
just went ham figuring shit out for the concert.....check yo fb messages bitches
◊ LOVE IT.
Cross your fingers for no rain tomorrow! Here's hoping we'll be able to hit the parade route tomorrow!!
Pulling a book off the shelf at the library. #whodoesthisanymore?!?
Good for Chara in being able to play at World's. Just not sure I understand taking on more ice time after 196 games in the last 18 months.
Don't give me a fucking attitude when I'm trying to help you out
A clean studio is a happy studio.
Alright already, I think we've all heard the news, Facebook buys Instagram.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if she still wearing those chinese slippers thinking she cute
they're the best
Almost finished the first season of Whoa, what a series! Thanks Bryce for lending me the graphic novel.
Have a green beer!
that because TIM Duncan is amazing!!!
the secret is cleavage...I've been learning this as the night goes on
TGIF -Thank God I'm Fearless - have a wonderful day Tweeps- what's on the agenda for today?
Alpha avoids grates in the city - her little pads get jammed in those holes. Same with local dog wash shop - grid in sink.
NJ's weekend rain was much needed, but didn't make much of a dent in the drought. All of NJ still experiencing a moderate drought.
Lmao this guy on the train too funny, found out my mom works for the VA and said she needs to help him w/ his hemorrhoids bahahahahahha
I have that kind of face, I guess. Someone just insisted my name was lee and that they knew me.
#WhatHurtsTheMost stubbing your toe on furniture:( That shit is painful.
It's #FF and we're saying nice things again if you do...
Wow- that combination just sounds scary! What are you singing? Toi, toi and kick some ass!
they got there butts kicked tonight
Midget man just calld me say he fina pull dwn.
Always wanted to see the inside of the Brexton.
Rickey stops by103.5 Big Dog Country Radio Sodus NY Wed 24th call to request What I Love About America Show your American Pride
talk to day
Thanks for sharing with your readers. Hope you can make it!
:O Lol why?
Fasting isn't too hard when you really don't have time to eat.
Originally called Apple Computers Inc.
#fridayreads Fragile Beasts by Tawni O'dell & listening to The Help by Kathryn Stockett. Love the different narrators-the book comes alive
Willie Harris was outrighted to Louisville.
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
I wish #oomf would talk to me
yeah right, they're all angels...
dude freaking amazing!
Wouldn't it be funny if Frank McCourt won the Mega Millions jackpot?
Don't miss the last FESPA Wrap Cup Master Series Americas match of the day at 4:40 pm in booth 1083!
Intel's 'Centerton' is first Atom chip for servers: Chip giant will launch a special Atom chip for servers to take on its nemesis ARM.
i hope you feel better =)
don't forget to register for #RAWconf and to submit your paper to the first ever Sherry Clarkson Prize
I should've kissed you. And never left.
Darn! You missed a good show. It was like the best two seconds of me life. ((;
“: Getting an early start on my drinking with !!” let's get Critical tonight!!!!!
Semisweet chocolate complements well with other flavors
have you?
Agh! Twitter spam/virus! Evil. Don't click the link!
I am loving your tweets tonight. Very interesting reading.
Next time I see somone post a picture and say "Omg I am so ugly!" I'm going to be like "Yeah you really are." I hate when people do that.
(gasp!) Your sandbox....my play space
has some awesome videos in partnrship w/ !
Be sure to take sometime for yourself today and start the schhol/work week off right!
was there seriously no app to fix steve jobs? fucking pissed...
California Love.
I just bought it!! Let's talk later to coordinate!!
Went past the May Day Occupy protests at Bryant Park. Somebody should teach the protestors to toyi toyi ..and stop meditating.
Does anyone know any good songs?
jeydon! yo, i miss george. thing will get better.
Sad, but true “: No, A repeal of #DOMA would not undo states' constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage.”
Bout to download dreamchasers2
Happy Friday! A few clients worthy of your
Done with the early shift in Boston which means ill be home in NY by 6p..in time to relax and watch the apprentice. This makes me happy.
brainstorming music video ideas
That money like a flashlight...
so the govnt has like a bunch of things set up like the cabin to make peeps die,and what they do effects what monsters and
Day 4 of Leopard and iOS5. So far so good. iCloud has been surprisingly easy to get working.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you are right. #in #Quote- Henry Ford
49 decapitated bodies found in Mexico? Wtf. Don't want to go there for a vacation anymore.. Thanks CNN.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers.
When your at a friends house and they fall asleep -.-
looking for something to invest in. any ideals
Have any #NPOs actually seen positive results from a grant? Seems to me like $ limits on ads = no one sees them
I love #workaholics - check it out on comedy central.
The Giants are too confident
If you are bored you should check out some new music.
can I say Gold Digger!
Thanks! It is a Morris design, though at the mo I'm blanking on its name.
oh, the memories.. “: Just passed the BOOBIE BUNGALOW! 2 1/2 hours to go”
Just plain wrong.
Zhang Yansheng quotes: “The small-sized refrigerators we manufactured for Americans to store wine are sold like hot cakes in the USA,”
Going to a kite "fly in" at calke Abbey today. Should be great.
you shld be precise, embryonic stem cells...Catholics have no problem with adult stem cells
8mm Black Titanium Carbon Fiber Ring Wedding Band Men ’s Wedding Rings Men ’s Engagement Bands Designer Rings Size (8) Reviews
you still got that wow! factor dont you...
Super excited about the huge box of Godiva chocolates that a former intern just gave me for writing all of his letters of recommendation.
You can find me playing high stakes at NFFC this year...$1,500
I'm hungry and I'm tired and I'm running out of good ideas.
Thanks, bud!
- We will def. take care of it. I can't find the original email Cathy, can you re-send to ?
RT : "do any if you think you're going to get to CMO by getting a bunch of likes?" -
thanks fa the follow
Integrity is our hallmark--our candidates and clients can and do trust our referrals and rely on us to meet their staffing needs.
You betta #follow back
RT ": Without bad experiences, you won't appreciate how much life shouldn't be taken for granted."
I really want to go to Louisville to see tomorrow night. Anyone in Cincy want to make the trip?
get me a blizzard while ur there
Fuck it. I'm gonna smoke this last chocolate black before I go to hang out with the bros. A much needed day out of the house.
Oh....I forgot about the cookies!! Lol!!
I wish primary/caucus results were more like sporting events. It would be cooler if each candidate had jerseys and mascots.
oh gosh girl you need to get it together
Are you a salt addict? Try 10 drops of mistletoe extract in a glass of water. Mistletoe extract can reduce blood pressure.
i'm tired and i haven't even been up for 12 hours
we all love Dr. Pepper. except james
just made some good ass left over dinner lol
Never thought about it while I was a student... but the 1ST thing a teacher does is check your following instructions. Period.
Lol I'm such a good freind today my freind was sad so I started singing and dancing like a idiot to make her happy I hate seeing ppl sad
This is paper delivery person's asking for a holiday tip. Mail the tip back in the envelope. Stranger is your delivery person.
thank you boys :) thanks for letting me be the best part of your morning!
I meant innings. Not official until through 8.5 innings.
Chief keep && future the main things coming threw my speakers
10 year old cat is really sick...and our vet is closed, what's a mother to do?
Yep, they are spendy. But in my case, much lower cost than a new machine. :) And the i/o speed is absolutely phenomenal.
I LOVED your outfit today! Where is it all from?
Thank you, Jennifer! Happy Friday :)
Spread love & make babies!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 17th, 10:30am "We are Growing Up!" Another year has gone-we need bigger shoes and pants.
I c alooot of hatin on #whitegirls. i rolled wit sumn of da baddest 1's. Wit booty, rhythm, cn braid, cook & throw dem hands.
Very #HighShit RT The best part of waking up, aint Folgers it's my bud!!!
Having a name beginning with the letter "A" = daily pocket dials to your cell phone.
I have a problem. I keep forgetting my phone. Wtf. -_-
I just booked a show for Jack and White in Sac on Sept 17 at Luigis!!!
It's Pouring out in OP
Like no
Milwaukee burger before and the #Bucks!
I go contact yesterday and since i been lovin it!!
indeed...although this no MSG on Time Warner cable is starting to hurt.
The star team tonight at Mercat.. Great job Chefs!
Every calendar's days are numbered.
Today's #RocnDeal - 85% Off In-Studio Portrait Session and 8x10 Textured Portrait at Tantalo Photography
Who's your favorite bartender @ Catch 22 Sports Grill? www.catch22phx.com
PLEASE FOLLOW ME LIAM<3 :(
I tried to watch, but I can't take her screaming at me.
100% RT : How much of what you do everyday is in the #cloud? Email, music, social media, photography, video, graphic design, etc.
Thanks for the RT !
: yes it is and I really do care.
How long are you in town for, duder? I wanna see you!
Hate these type of mornings!
It's been really good :) enjoying life
Enough with the (crappy) Oregon band and pregame bs. Drop the puck already!
I tend to take my ex boyfriend girls hey I treat them better :p
Everyday above ground is a chance to make each day better than the last
Factory!? Let's schedule. I was busy at and in bed before soundcheck, most likely. Glad it was great!
Back from the National Harbor and I must say, it's a beautiful place to spend a weekend. For those in the DC area, I'd highly recommend it.
hey somethin else what it do ;)
Hone your football skills before you go pro at a Bill Walton affiliated org DM us for more info
Dale sure has changed.
Forever 21 - the best place to go shopping when you just don't feel like washing your socks and underwear.
thanks for following me ,.
I'm thinking my Saturday morning is going to include some garage salin' and then a nap at the beach.
Hasta la vista, baby ~ Arnold Schwarzenegger
Sadly a verse many will not understand. ~ John 12:25 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
what no Blazin wings this time? I hope the order went off without a hitch! The band is playing Jan 14th. Stop by!
Omg, listening to Rehab by reminds me of great moments! I love Amy!
congrats on the goal!
So there's no way everyone who wants to see tonight fits in the Reeve Ballroom, right?
I love you
If I had a star for everytime you brightened my day...I'd be holding the galaxy in my hands<3
Assumed you were throwing 24 down for Kobe.
Who Wants To Talk (:
#IReallyMiss my childhood! #carefree&fun
Maybe if u looked in this direction ill pick my heart up off the floor and put it in my chest and..
I smell that cheap perfume, and gin, and lies love the new album! Ready to watch yall @ Red Rock, OK.
#gb2 time to take down the #pats!
Twitter turns 30 minutes of homework into 2 hours of homework.
A great post submitted by guest author Amit Patel regarding the use of cooking oils and their health benefits.
You should totally be our official Instagramer. Or something.
Its and were still working hard on our comics and digital gallery site! Thanks
or D'shKwqzndl!
I'm completely exhausted.
Obvz should follow me and play my face cuts tonight at vault.
News service trap.it creates search channels that you can save.
Bill Trippe: Amazon can go from print to our for delivery in four hours!
can you follow back for me i followed you back when you asked
Make ur way out to silk tonight ladies free $3 u call it $100 bottles! Ill be in the video mix all night! Hit me up for V.I.P! See u there1
Writing more on the topic of some differences between psychopaths and normal human beings. Also discussing items w/ Jay Gallus for books.
love love love that book
I love being your little corn puff...best new term of endearment ever.
Had a great day with Tim yesterday!! Packing for my trip tomorrow. Hopefully I won't regret it. 2 days w/o talking to him.
When you take out the crappy people in your life you can finally start to smile for all the new ones you meet that bring more smiles to you.
just came inside a bit ago
Sad part is, I actually have an Afflication long sleeved shirt and a Ed Hardy neck tie...
I'm talking about derrick Williams over Kyrie Irving.
Humm let me think... Make money. Or spent money n go c Trey. I think make.money. ..
Trying to join team no sleep
: that show is gonna be a game changer! I'm a Detroiter so I ride for ! #YAS lol
. brings up beer immediately. Nice.
BOOOIOLA '=' K' FAIL HEIN MARCOS... K
(tip my hat) thank YOU. Congrats again sir [SXSW]
hoping I dont have to go anywhere for dinner later bc I look like crap.. pajamas swag! Haha(:
