Moms are awesome !
Really? RT : We'll show never-before-seen video of Steve Jobs as a Ghostbuster in '85 on (cc )
LBJ GOTTA MAKE THAT DIRK
im going on Facebook to like ur page then im gonna practically beg my mom to download pre shock. love u guys, l8ter
Glad the #minibrief was such a hit at # SMMS - great meeting you, & thanks, Hope!
THANK YOU
You haven't had a weird dream until you have Patrick Stewart and the cast of TNG dancing around a pool table while rapping with pineapples.
Surely goodness and mercy shall #follow me all the days of my life: & I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever. -Now God's behind us!!
All I want is Love Eternal
: happy to help. In transit to the US right now. Will email soon.
Hey, that's a great tool! I can't keep meetings straight with folks with even a 1 hr difference in time zones! Thanks!
U going to NO this weekend?
I only see one. But wtf. I hate it all.
Welcome back!
Pshh' yuo are old then! You probably start considering looking into old folks homes .-.
got a bet 6 to 1. Can't beat it son
Thank you you made this year so easy, & rep Stephanie Mayo actually made #taxes enjoyable! Will be back next season!
Do you get our newsletter? Next one coming out this week. Email to make sure you're on the list!
You should definitely drive up the coast to San Fran some time. It's gorgeous. But yeah, fly to Seattle or Portland. :)
can you bring back the Violent Femmes for Christmas???
It's been awesome watching you play for the Ducks. Thanks for your hard work. Will cheer for you in NFL, too.
This was "1970s Throwback Weekend": Boxing, horse racing and the Knicks in the playoffs.
They have the stories and characters in their canon, they could do it, not sure why they end up failing so often
Happy Birthday gorgeous :)
omg I'm becoming a hugger...
What are you waiting for?
CANT STAND a mf who talk shit but get mad when i come back at they ass..LMTFA then we wont have no probs period..
The magnificent singing his heart out in the production of rocky horror picture show tp://yfrog.com/obvjfmxj
Thank you, friend. :)
tired of dealin wit people
Just watched Fargo, oh yah betchyah I did! I feel like I'm playing catch up with all these great movies.
thanks for the RT!
Looking for freelance writers to come in and test our products at a discounted rate and write a review. Must be serious about your health!
I wish ppl stop talkn bout my forehead. I had dis forehead my whole life. Dnt u think ik
2015 standout Cassius Peat from Corona Del Sol (Az) is receiving interest from Arizona St., Penn State, LSU, St. Mary's, and Washington
At ! Ger your ass down here for an amazing show!
Can someone please make Brad Bitt cut his hair?
follow now!!! iansomerhalder's cat :) GO FOLLOW
Back to square one.
That is a very cool MA! It would be so useful in an academic setting.
Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub? 8PM! Brian Adams tix for first prize.
glad I made it as we were boarding
Cisco CCNP Service Provider Certification Validates Professional-Level Skills for Deploying and Optimizing IP Next ...
Barney Frank: "If you care deeply about a cause, and you are engaged in an activity on behalf of that cause that is great fun...(cont)
Why am I not sleeping? l:
i so need a math tutor
gave me some really cute dreadlocks c;
er one with meat 0_0
Aww man thought I would never ever go without two days without UFC
Would be super cute! RT : can we make #Gwyneth in red suede?
"Technically" today bro, I've got my last finals today, but I've got a paper due Friday but this is my last week ^_^
Cold and flu season is amongst us. To avoid harsh antihistamines and alcohol which both dry out the voice. Cont'd
how are you doing?
I wish it did! unfortunately, it doesn't look like I'll be able to make it tonight. :( break a kitteh leg!
The story others wrote & i bought! “: On LifeClass with ! Tell me what story is holding you back? #lifeclass”
I am killing my to-do list! Yeah, you know who the boss is. And no, it ain't Tony Danza.
its the truth
Didn't see the hat closet, but it was at Talese's place.
follow Back yo
ok gotcha what other series do you like?
thanks! Hope you both are doing well, and enjoy some of the new tunes I have up!
only way up fix it is by removing forced login otherwise the game is always a second from unplayability. In other words, broken.
Finally got done with my 5 page assignment in English!!!
i think my new hashtag is #yolo. it's true b/c yo only do live once. and i would wanna express everythin i do be4 i die.
I'm going for three strikes today
just heard blue jeans instrumentals in a coffee commercial, brilliant arrangement they raise the chorus vocals by the end
The APPNATION NYC MOBILE + TV 3.0 SUMMIT is now SOLD OUT! If you'd like to be added to the wait list, email
goodo and am good thanks babes x
lol its ok...but none of that is the best pie on earth...which is...*duh duh duh duh* OREO CREAM PIE (:
arent one word replies just the stupidest shit
Your mindset, mental patterns and moods are both a barricade and a bridge to your future. Only you can decide which one it will be.
My night job keeps me feeling young. Having meetings during the daytime keeps me feeling grown. It's a good balance.
Oh my twitter followers... what a marvelous vacation it was! He came 2nd place in the "Sexiest Man Contest!" wuhoo! I'm a lucky girl. =)
Holy Shit, that was hilarious
Happy Monday everybody! We made Top 10 for "Barbecue" and "Bar//Night Club". Make sure you all vote every day this week!
Im Sick Af'
We are the learning leaders of the community. We have to LEAD.
I swear I listen to this song just for the chorus!! Shit bananas ;
follow and please :D x9
School needs to hurry the fuck up!
Although it has given me time to watch The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret. #DavidCross rocks!
right now..
Love the special #drupa performance by du Soleil? Get your FREE photo in the #Xerox Delight zone & leave with a smile
Non-Catholic or anti-Catholic? That's the first question. Not always easy to tell the difference.
no problem thanks for the follow as well :)
So pumped for Digital Renegade after hearing the new song. It was GREAT you guys!
where to even begin!?! In only 1 Tweet - we'd have to say our team, who is pretty damn amazing! (no offense to the other contenders)
It's all good! Maybe we'll make our way up to New York this year!
A #FF is a really nice way to tell everyone you'd like to fuck the person you're recommending.
the pizza man is about to ask for a rip
Waxing Wednesdays we offer 15% off of all waxing or sugaring services!
radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo check your inbox thank u
When commuting home from seminary in DC and going down 95 South, I saw a plate that said "95 Sux".
Thanks for the RT been getting some traffic to my site hope we get everyone in seattle to get ice cream
Wow. Make Google maps every day and hadn't seen it. Not looking closely enough, it seems.
All You Need Is Loaf
And ppl talkn down others about only saying something abt MLK today? I ain seen yall tweet or fb about him on the regular
Mad Men, Sky Atlantic, review: Serena Davies reviews the first two episodes of the fifth season of Mad Men.
Something you haven't thought of today: that gross milky skin-film that collects on your lips when you've been running.
Thanks for the follows.
good eye
A lot is happening with #SUPERINDY How are you keeping focused on your studies? Do you have breaks to visit Super Bowl Village?
We already are! Are you following us?! We were a BIG hit at the festival last year after all! :)
Getting a bag of clothes tailored almost feels like going shopping.
Alums calling for transcripts to go to med school, law school, MBA programs, etc- they must have done something right *cough*
SHE AINT KNOW CLOWN CUTIE WIT ME
Great day of services- great meal at Olive Garden. Time for a quick nap...
home from school. :) dance soon.
RT : The Bachelorette Premiere is TONIGHT! We will be live tweeting from - join the conversation:
U NEED TO B OUT HERE W/ ME SIS
Like serriously , why do 13 year olds have to be so damn cute
In Act Two, it could be called "AIDS Ain't as Bad as Y'all Have Heard."
Nope, keeping tabs on that. Plus, you have a better shot to win referring more than one person than refollowing
catastrophic breach of justice tonight as the supreme court refuses to block the execution of #troy davis. so incredibly sad.
Socialnomics is here to stay
DM me your number
We handle it pretty much like NASCAR drivers. That's why they're all wearing those fire- and pee-retardant suits.
Follow me back Plzz! I already been following u. :)
Hot moms always drive big ass SUV's lol
The opposite of love is not hate. It is indifference. -Mal Pancoast
Like us on facebook to enter for your chance to win a 12 day #adventure in the USA! #Las Vegas #travel #backpacking #hiking draw is April 15
RT : The Pitmen Painters at ACT Theatre is a really moving, funny and compelling play. Catch it before it ends on the 20th
monitor broke, & now down to 1. Problem:My palettes are on OTHER monitor in How do I get them back?
Me: Sleep? Brain: NO.
not very hard, but yea! :L
are you there?
Safe Travels!
Dear opposing counsel, Boomroasted. Love, me.
I'm embarking on the most amazing journey of my life. It's never too late.
Need a Designated Driver for your guest? Call CoolCabRaleigh the coolest, cleanest Taxi in town.....(919)633-2606
Thanks for the RT!. ;)
Also, If you like music at all, you should be following the creators behind the
Virus alert: some of my Twitter followers have rec'd suspicious message from me. Please delete. Hit by Twitter hacker.
Edgar Rice Burroughs lived here, hence the name. Also, John Carter Of Marsville would've tanked.
My moccasins are now soaked:(
Dear Christians: your God is an alien.
CHOOSE TO GIVE THANKS!! We hope you are all able to spend this Thanksgiving with family and friends..
No! It's not as bad as it seems and, after you finish you feel like you can conquer the world! You should try it. :)
Flashfoward is brainwashing me
Turn in math quiz, instantly go on twitter :p
#schoolmemories I gave my teacher a apple and the bitch still gave me detention
Took dog to vet got nauseated when he got blood drawn picked up his prescription and got bite when trying to administer his eye drops lol
#southbeachtow what days does this show come on?
You're the rat's moldy cheese.
Better get it checked out quickly!
What a beautiful Monday!
Flash video format is often used because it works across computing platforms. Final content depends on user needs, though.
Call 804-353-8890 to schedule FREE pickup! Every day we pick up gently used furniture, clothing and household items! Give us a call!
the rewrite was hilarious!
“: My little cousin has a twitter...none of my asshole friends better follow her lmao foreal tho” Now following
Has a tiny dog for the next 2 weeks!
Wtf! Haha how the hell did I retweet that? whatever at least I can say that retweet has no meaning since it is pathetic in my option
U know it. Martys back, D looks good, and all the top teams getting ousted! oops sorry
Bt Its Cool, Im Ignoring Mfs Again
look at that crema on my americano... love that bring-your-own-thermos discount too, better than starbucks'!
thats why im leaving. taking my underachieving ass elsewhere
Sliding to ihop after class
Thank you! Very much an honor and a great opportunity to reflect!
Who's ready for a studio update?
no problem. (: Thanks as well!
Life is just drama. Not one day can a person go without it. How lovely.
totally. use one of my clients and top notch service
I guess this is the end of my story, a story that I have been writing since high school wit my close friend...now he's gone
but where else are you going to get a $15,000 workstation with 64 GB of RAM?
So my next question is... in how many games do you think we will beat #OrlandoMagic cuz i still believe we have got this one....
I like blondes but I love
"My nose is running like it's training for the Olympics......." - A comedian trying a joke for the first time that he thought would kill
I'm on a boat!
just ran into Mrs Harliss, your 9th grade physics teacher! she says hello!
Crazy way to start of the day!
Smoke and drank so much tonight smh n oomf ain't around to get crushed smh frustrated <<<<<
Naw chill out
why are you such a fag? WHY ARE YOU SUCH A FUCKING DICK? ;)
you can plan it.
We are not sure, we think it may be a bear or tiger but do not know for sure. Where did you hear that?
Wait, I forgot I can't on Monday. I have something to do. :/
Great day of a White House tour capped w/ the House health reform vote. Curious about what will happen in Senate + conference.
Yeah... What she said! Thanks, Sha! RT Everyone follow !!!! If you like good music...
First one I can recall seeing you in was Gotham with Tommy Lee Jones. "Can I offer you a beer? Mayonnaise?"
You can always find people at thier best when the bloodviens in their eyes have bursted..
I cant find a swim suit top that fits perfectly...
Chillin' with until big day Friday #CPC2012 Main Event!
heh! yeah you kinda have to leave logic at the door.
Sample request of Products: Write me @
Basically they harass and nag people to get projects done on time. Although a good project manager can make all the difference.
Nice win #gonoles !
RT : #DJConfessions I refused $5 for a Lil Wayne request. I told the dude to go a buy a drink instead!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For I know the plans I have for you," declares the LORD, "plans to prosper you and not to harm...
hi its michelle sup? ur cousin!!!
saturday at sake event...all your burger are belong to me! Coming out from California!
Designing and jamming out to Fun. on Pandora? Now that's how you start a Thursday off right!! :)
Hey everyone listen for me on 102.3 kjlh at about 1240!!
I'm not even worried about having a move tonight , cause come one week from today I'm gonna have too many...
Sure! (It's the satanic bible) " Seeing a girl enjoying God's creation WHILE ready her Bible is Very #attractive #mayijoinyou?
Acting like a terrorist in an airplane.
Throw a STRIKE!!! Damn!
The Toronto Raptors.... Chuck Barkley when asked what teams in the tourney can beat UK.
only way to do it !
Friend: I've had guinea pig a few times. And fermented spit. I'd rather be eating that right now.
FOLLOW !!!!!!!!!!! The hottest producer in the game!!!! LOVE THAT SHIT YOU DID WIT ROSS!!!!
let me know if you watn company. I can always use a taste of home and Black Note is darn good too.
you talk shit
S.M.V Stanley Clark, Marcu Miller, Victor Wouton collaboration for us Bassaholics check it out! BASS GIANTS!
you spammed me man
Had the best dream ever !! I think I actually cried real tears of joy /: why did I have to wake up ?!?!
hey danella shouting you out your dad( Mr.Fryar) banks with my job and I told him I met you yrs ago at BET'S spring bling :)
Emily thought I was going to have an accent...
Please ignore. Testing.
Another beautiful day in the Gorge.... What are you doing?
for what?!
haha no I want it all
doing homework at 11pm >
Dissatisfaction is a symptom of ambition. It's the coal that burns the fire.
they're up already?! Ugh.
Dude I'm gonna have to leave my house at like 5 if I ever want parking at this fucking school. -_-
I'm so so stupid today.
Idgaf if you don't love me. Idgaf if you don't care. Idgaf if you don't want me. Maybe I'm drunk or just down on my luck but I swear idgaf.
Happy Mothers Day !! Sorry so belatedly...hope it was wonderful!! xo
was a member of "the Machine" while at the University of Alabama.
my fight, is your fight♥.
let's talk Isa today!
LOL problem solved!
do you ever watch dog the bounty hunter. I love it. He is strong with Jesus like you.
I miss you!
visit www.sobevips.com!
u never texted me:)
Didn't have a good session at the Indian Casino, Was up good, down, back up, then out, Next Time ...
When results come from insignificant journals or authors they are not relevant! say blind testers. Whoda thunk? #c4l12 hee
uhh dont act like everyone knows you mug. you only wish you were that cool
Before I walk away, I'll fight for you..
Why these niggas up here try so hard to be like us
Can't wait for these playoffs tho! #TeamDazzy!
Waiting for the next session to start: What Do Libraries Want? Creating the Perfect Public Library Model
Leave it can be one of the most crucial commands for a dog�s well-being
#justsoyouknow boys like real hair so much better
had awful nightmares all night about the game and I wake up and remembered that it still actually happened >:O
When a girl says "NO" A guy hears it as "try again tomorrow”
Thank you Bree!
That happened to me once Sarinne.... Alex told me to embrace it....
From #onetime to #baby to #Christmasalbum to #BOYFRIEND and now to #TurnToYou never fails me <3 I love you
Looking forward to a great 2012!
You're welcome! Get some dudes to buy you some drinks in that outfit! ;)
Success - The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
You can feed me strawberries before sex though.
THANK YOU for the table at PROTOS, ! Can't wait to attend with my team!
I want in my own pants
Why? Why am i doing this? Yolo, bitches(:
OMG, hi!!!!!! Our whole staff is talking about how much they love you right now, haha! Please join Springpad! cc:
I do follow SFX Baseball...my client is with them
This sounds fun. RT : TODAY'S THE DAY. Beer & films. Gas Works Park. 8pm. Be there!!
I wanna see Chernobyl Diaries!!!
Just when I think our students couldn't get more awesome, they turn out to be fire dancers!
Heh, heh, I didn't even notice the difference. I'm not observant. This is why I'm not a photographer.
Thank you buddy! Anytime you're in #downtownsac please come by the deli!
My husband likes to twaat!
no matter how many times i see that movie i always scream wen the door slams while they're sleeping!!!
Living, dead, or both?
I hate to tell you this, but I had to remove one from a woman's bathroom at a restaurant.
Pre holiday menu insomnia going full tilt here. But it's so much fun!
Is the current 1.8.1 build safe enough to use on a small server for friends?
got my ticket for bingo players(:
yeah that was toady, my nigga toady
HI REXIEEEEEEEE! IZ CAN'TS WAITS! GONNA BE AWESOME!!!!!
was that the Iowan's gut, or was he carrying around extra battery packs and tapes in that gut-looking fanny pack?
Good to reconnect as well! Send it my way! School is looking at platforms for next year.
thanks for the follow! hope you are excited for our line!
Happy Hour Blues tonight w/ guitar god Benito Dibartoli. Show starts @ 5. Plz swing by.
Good pussy will have u on Facebook and twitter looking like a soft ass nigga
I'm spiderman bitch I spin my web so quick around your head ill turn this whole goddamn situation into one big mess
I want to thank Nina LaNegra & all the staff at HALEY HOUSE CAFE for inviting me to talk about my art & the wonderful audience I met there
I like the bed I'm sleeping in, just like me it's broken in. It's not old, just older.
Jealous. I need a date with RT ": Grinding at with and the fam. Amazing food"
"Six thousand years of recorded history reads like this: opportunity mixed with difficulty. It isn't going to change. 'So,' you ask, 'how...
RT : What Models are in ATL? hit me up asap <-my atl followers contact
North Korea. North Carolina. I'm never wearing my North Face jacket ever again.
is having a long week.
Off early on a Saturday thank you Jesus
1:00am. No TROUBLE. LADIES LOOK BEAUTIFUL. I will ask questions about the game. YES. THESE ARE FOR NETWORKS Purposes.
omg I need to tell u something!:)))
Had a total social media nerd moment meeting Steve Biddle, who oversees US Retail at Facebook, and hearing his perspective. So cool!
Well I'm award winning as a writer, painter, photo . My site is redone but alot of info and prices still need added
when Carroll back to Detroit Auto Show 5 yrs ago 4 media event, I watched other designers and execs line up 4 autograph.
If there is a will there is a way.
If I'd know this is how it end I'd have rather you ignored me
“: Votto gives me a raging boner. Woah, juss kidding. I took that a little too far.” You're a liar. You're not kidding.
You made it through the week! Start your weekend right, with a black & gold: Harp topped with Guiness!
If I got paid for listening to 'Up All Night'... I'd be rich!
The Oregon Zoo is offering free admission for military (& family) this Friday to commemorate Veterans Day. (ID required)
"The treatments themselves do not 'cure' the condition, they simply restore the body's self-healing ability."-Leon Chaitow
"Yeah I'm fucking her cousin"
posted the link to denzel's video on Chrystee's fb page
its a celebration
Yeah, sometimes I can't help myself.
": Im going in bro..." I gotta go harder brotha.. Ingot ground to make up
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty
Thanks for great customer support. Problem is fixed.
I thought your spoons were usually stained purple?
we need to stop Sharia, first we need to get all religion out of government; Freedom OF religion, also freedom FROM religion
Giants are ok Cowboys are BETTER! Don't You Agree Nick(;
45% of small businesses are planning to increase their companies' resources for online video in the coming year- Small Biz MTKG Forecast
Why am I here when I should be #writing?
Dew points in 30s and 40s = Mainly dry cold frontal passage. Front moves through over next 3 hours. No more 80s for a few days.
Both! Our doggies were getting plump too, so we cut down on the treats and increased the walks. Now all of us are leaner!
It's amazing that I let you get away with telling me what to wear every day.
Heading to Nashville again to do more songwriting for the new album and for the World Vision Artist Conference - going to be a good week!
so jealous. Have fun!
Didn't know Madonna was a Ron Artest fan..
#thesandlot is on, I'm still in bed & windows are open.
at least the guys on the team still like him though
I got a "long bob"
severe storms well to the north, but the metro could see some of these storms pop up in our area later. warm with highs reaching low 90's
I see! May join u at 10:30. What else do I gotta do?
Cute outfit this morning on Sportscenter
! hand wash the other both wash the face
Eldest: *starts singing Puff the Magic Dragon* Me: "NO! Stop! That song makes me cry." Eldest: "Really? There goes your street cred."
Filming an acoustic video of our song "Details" today in Central Park with , pretty stoked!
#camnewton is doing a GREAT job!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I'm always looking for a good game and this one is pretty darn fun!! : ) .." by Summer
is re-doing all of the screams on our EP. Same release date, insane sounding screams ;)
I think they but pot in our brownies because im feel high af! hahahahaha
:( hey sleepover tomorrow :))
Do what you love. Be your own boss
Why do people continue to compare to Newton? Not same type of player.
speaking on keywords of feminist DH thinking; collaboration with all-star cast of DH women
-- Like your thoughts on edu! Was wondering if we could show your our stealth product we're building to get your thoughts?
Dogs are such subtle creatures. Like ours, who just grabbed her ball and jumped on my lap while I was doing sit-ups.
Cheeseburger and fries later, I'm in a Portillo's coma.
me to
Interesting findings. Any particular reasons why?
Thank you to everyone who braved the snow last night for #Web414 and a special thanks to and !
Sunburned legs yup....... and the hurt like hell urgggg!!!!!
#YouWasCuteUntil You Showed Me Your Teeth! So Disgusting!
Of course! Send us an email with your info on it and lets us know your interested. We will email you your voucher today :)
Hope is alright.
hahahaha i kinda already have it?
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight at LABC! We had so much fun! Hope has come.
comedians don't try to impose their beliefs on the world.
What does everyone think about 's new single Give Your Heart A Break and the new lyric video?
You can't keep a blessed man down. I'm still standing but by the grace of God!
FB can really be annoying. I can't get to my messages...when I scroll down it scrolls me back up. i need to delete my page altogether
idt that tweet was for you
Made a wink instead of a smiley face while sending a text...
Don't play dumb with me. Callin' me up breathing heavily into the phone.
ok. I will make sure I do the same
Live Nuggets Pre Game Show 5-8p 93.7 Denver Sports Nation,w/ & w/ guests &
I started looking for jobs up there last night!
wow, even is replying to What a brilliant marketing campaign!
My bill to ensure the Family Justice Centers provide the best services and protect a victim's privacy, passed Senate Approps Committee 9-0.
It's Super Bowl Solid Gold Oldies Sunday at HTLA! Stop in for 10 for price of 5 UV sessions (through Valentine's Day)!
Hahahahhaa . I just keep laughing
i want new clothes! when can i come to your store!?
Stayed up for nothing
if only i could ship them! lol
Um Iggy is a guilty pleasure. Pretty jealous of you right now!
Why surgical technology is a growing career in health care - Las Vegas Review-Journal
Netflix website always takes forever to load & all I wanna do is update the queue.
#YouKnowBritneysALegend when she has no promotion and still slays your fav thats jizzing promotion for themselves!
Is it still outside Fort Meade in that old motel? I loved the machine they used to crack Enigma.
COCO LOUNGE BOUT TO BE ON BLAZE TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS!!!
I want something real
Hey Knick game on now!
": I feel like we relate a lot. I'm always in my room. I only see my family for dinner during the school week"
We just started the film! Packed house.
Rough inning, but at least Charlie got out of it with the lead.
Picking up Pops tonight. I've definitely missed him.
Tap tap tapping their way to the city dump, hopped up like a pack of dogs.
Team Quiz Night! 8pm. ****NEW FIRST PLACE PRIZE!!!!*** $50 FIRST PLACE GIFT CERTIFICATE!
yes you are but don't worry I still got a few more days ! But its beautiful out here clear skys
I'm sure Kobe Bryant wants everyone to know he has diarrhea.
Chef Dirk's duck sausage, black cabbage & mustard spaetzle paired with house made "Gluhwein" Amazing concept!
"Say hey to the UP, eh" on a green flag shaped like a mitten doesn't have the same ring as "From my cold dead hands."
last first day of classes starts in 9 hours! I'm so ready to be done and start my career ambitions
When your dad randomly brings you home a pair of beats>>>>>
catch up E..u wildin
"...360-degree feedback seemed designed to benefit HR, not to help the average manager." Effron & Ort #OPTM via
my mom told me the same thing. I don't think so.
yes! And during their set nick was like "we're gonna play you a nice love song. Guess that's what all our songs are about"
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q6: What is the stack height for non-SFIC KeyMarkX4 cylinders?
That's Late lunch not Kate lunch
Lets jump in puddles n stuff.
Thanks, I will check out his work.
Its Filming In Maine!
Lol, Mandy: he's got a baby face now, but like a hot baby face. Jessica: so he's a hot baby? ;about Mr.Britts new haircut.
First super warm day in #seattle today, taking bets on how many of my students will show up to class today
Ugh, still hot! Where is this A/C repairman!! And what is it with Tuesdays? Last Tuesday the power was out on our block!
#SHOUTOUT: they follow back!!!!
wearing a cloth on your head for the 4th of July
They wont add me as a friend so I can tag them in their very own ugly ass photos so its going to be up to you guys to tag em for me.
We had a rather large event get postponed today because of the weather. Want to crawl under my desk and hide for a while.
That would be cool! I was talking about our CEO. :)
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do, you apologize for the truth.
hey you, how have you been?
Just heard on TV how you are louder than Chicago's fan section. Tear it up & cheer your hearts out!
Im so hungry yall :/ what should i eat?
Seriously though, I can't believe I'm excited that gas is $3.95 a gallon. That'd a damn shame. But better than what it has been.
Vote for #TeamRochee !!!!! It all counts!!!! They deserve to stay!
Dear Math, I have my own problems to solve. Sincerely, Me.
When we have done things right, people will assume we have done nothing at all.
We have a few more tickets left for battle of the bands tomorrow at 9:00 pm. Does anybody still need one??
lol gotta keep it real
Since it's black history month allow me to educate you. 73 percent of black kids are born out of wedlock
1) "World's Proudest Hoosier" 2) Grizz in a death match (in contained surroundings)..due to size and ferocity
Tam you can always reach me. I have a google number now. 619-537-8812. It is a VM. Use if you can't contact me.
hey what the jets are doing I feel like they not doing anything I am getting piss
Way to finish! RT : congratulations - you, nick and team should be so proud - hope u stick as the Paterno of UW!
feeling sleepy.. good night friends..
aloha joe! can we talk MLB with you tonight at 9:35 pm et?
thanks for mentioning our classes. I can't wait to see your 100diytips!
Spinning at Water St. Good time to come in for food and drink
Fortunately I was in my kitchen, so the only injury is to my mood. But I snapped tip off valve, so I assume whole tube needs replaced.
Go with "pantless." If "pants" is plural, then having not even one "pant" would do it. And pantsless *is* too hard to say.
I have a love-hate relationship with autism. Right now, I hate autism. I hate how it makes Leo nonverbal & unable to tell me what's wrong.
Can't turn back now!
#Titanic trivia: Dorothy Parker's uncle Martin Rothschild perished on #Titanic & her aunt survived. #UWS residents via
already home!
Riley ($98k), Wahl ($55k), and Keller's ($250k) are salaries off the books, Sounders now have $400k + allocation $
#business litigation. The avg cost to litigate a patent case exceeds 7.0 mi. Efficient enforcement processes are key to protect innovation.
us #knicks fans are rooting for you to come to the Knicks...
Maybe, right now I'm still valuing the last of my anonymity.
Hey #cville... where can I buy some small succulents suitable for terrariums? Also, mini ferns?
Have to be at WRTV studios tomorrow by 6 am...yikes! May have to make an exception to my newly-adopted "no-caff coffee" rule!
Weeks hit on the hand with pitch...I'm guessing torn ACL, out for the season.
Well I just woke up at 12 but it is Sunday and I would normally be napping by now... So nap time here I come!
We have FBI clearance! Woo!
New location has been posted, picture post will come tonight
my boyfriend is suppose to be helping me with my project but all he is doing is telling me to do it
i wanna know what love is ... can you show me?
Putting together some fun trivia for CW20's Afternoon Snack --> tune in 5PM-8PM to test your knowledge --->
hold up?!! U have an iPhone now? U got rid of the bb?? Omg!!!! No way lolol welcome!! Lol
I have to stop catching feelings for the wrong ones
i see you homie keep up the god work!
dude 215 is the official worst and I have those. So sh !
Now that it's not our problem I would like coverage of everytime Dawan Landry just falls down instead of doing something useful.
Best red carpet in the entire history of red carpets. That's a wrap.
Mysterious booms in Clintonville, WI have experts stumped. Tune in to for the latest reports!
you bet buddy
your dumb(: not even! Ill just get fat eating off peoples plates lmao jk jk
Call Me Maybe.
“: Another fun fact: you can waste the time and money of Trump Co. by making prank phone calls to 212-832-2000”
Prom dress in the front seat and old wheelchair in the back while I chug a Bud Ice. This must be what it feels like to live in Oklahoma
In my Fathers house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. John 14:2
And to think 'Keeping Up with The Kardashians' was originally about jogging...
Loving this! ": Yes, Leo sun or Leo rising sign, it works the same way. You're on your way to fame and fortune once June hits"
Thats awesome -> Proudest accomplishment of my life: just found out 2 year old son calls beer "TJ Soda".
Why weren't James Loney, Andres Torres and David DeJesus elected to the All-Star team? They all have have similar stats to Derek Jeter.
my dear insanebro~I made myself love<3 the eARTh is n need <3's it hurts doesn't it? N the end, LOVE, worth it,u r 2!xoxo
Faaaack. Just busted 18th. Only paid 15 spots. I suck.
is getting a crash course in... everything.
chalmers is a honey badger!!
So excited for "A storm is coming" You know you made a good poster when my daughter is scared. care me if I hang in bedroom.
#cwgchina education tour update, Xi'an home of the terracotta warriors, west China, 200 people at event today, English levels not as good
k so heres the thing. Who do u love more? Paul or Darwin?
Everyone knows how to love, but not everybody knows how to remain in love with one person for a long period of time.
#FunnierThanCordova Ear pimples
I miss seeing you on TV. You are one of my favorite female wrestlers
thanku for follow x
Same here! Especially on a sunny day when all the color of the homes, cafes, fruit stands pop. :)
lol me either so i don't have to hear about you guys losing again 😉
The true measure of a man is what he would do if he knew he would never be caught. — Lord Kelvin
#askselena Will you go to Hong Kong?
Going to California! :]
As A People in SF - 1/22/09 @ Red Devil Lounge w/ Dubious Ranger (farewell show). www.asapeople.com
doesn't resonate with me either and I've lived in it for 35 yrs
Barrett's going to end the #waronwomen but surrounds himself with sexist proxies? mT : needs to pronounce her "g"s
Lets make it a memorable one on the 18th!
How's everyone's Monday going???
Thanks! I sure will. What is the best format in which to send it to you?
My lil sister Wins!!!! 'Supporting Actress' for her role as Katie in 'Roll Call' =] So proud....yay Kiana!
Kentucky should go to the NBA playoffs after the #final four!
It's a Dawson's Creek kind of Saturday night.
break out the beer, I'll do the same!
My best advice re: arguing w/ ur spouse? Go thru ur cat. Him: Buddy don't listen to mamma, she's crazy. Me: Duh Buddy. I married ur father.
"I'm worth what ever I feel" Do you know who's #tigerblood quote is this?
Internet has being going in/out for over 2 weeks, even with new modem shipped. I am planning on ending my service.
and they boys actually pronounced "albany" right hahaha
Um does he have beads in his hair?... Is he 30?
Ohh keep judging while reading. Get over it. I donate shit.
I-girl .... can not blame me, can not lie to me !!!.... I need to love, to kiss and hug gently, gently ...
Me too! Too cute, aren't they?!
Check out the homie #SpacesBetweenUs TODAY! Support good music.
Sorry- Chris Flanagan- Assistant Principal Mercer Elementary Cincinnati,OH
yes I have no excuses! Did 5.3 miles this morning. Getting back into my walking routine. I love This initiative.
.....and are ur weekly picks posted on that super-cool CDB App that everyone needs to download?????
It Rains over the city because you're gone..
Thanks! I was going to make a longer & more formal comment, but in the end, I decided just to cut to the chase.
VINNY NEEDS TO WEAR GLASSES ALL THE TIME
Just saw 's fantastic new play!! Congrats! <3
Opening Night was fantastic, hope to see you all at the Hall soon!
and yet you still only had flip-flops when you came here in May. LOL
say hi to me please :) love u
Happy Birthday to the homie
yup yup here@ Wk...
++1 MT Thank U each for a great evening
Customer Orientation Defies AB Testing Convention in new Hotel Booking Website ... - MarketWatch (press release)
the high in Toronto today was about 10 F so pretty cold for soccer
Meanwhile, Biden works to perfect his "This is a big f!@#ing deal" comment.
My mom bought me random roses, she's the best (:
I was so drunk last night the US navy would've been impressed
Thx 4 the follow. Let me know if I can help you.
can a sistah get some love... Where's my people ?????
Trying again: Any #edtech researchers studying online courses offered by or or ? I am & I'd love to connect.
Be careful what you say to someone today. Because tomorrow they may not be here. And you can't take it back.
"Metaphor is not my friend tonight." (overheard at #dareproject development)
do you miss me :)
but just to maintain the current $700 m backlog steady would require about $90 million a year total expemditures from Prop S and
send me it and I will ring you.
fna listen to an fnd sum to eat 4real this time lol
As of a little over an hour ago, I am the newest member of #savoa , the "Society of Accredited Voice-Over Artists." Check out savoa.org!
Thanks guys :)
This time of the year makes me so happy :) schools almost over and my birthdays in 18 days :)
#ViceVerses completed this morning for me Thank You
it's good to see how much Twitter brings people together and Facebook rips them apart :)
Did you know? Tulip bulbs were more valuable than gold in Holland in the 1600s.
You know what would make this even better/scarier? Asbestos covered leads.
Happy Birthday to longtime customer and resident crank, Marvin Rhodes! He's really old!
"If we're not talking about education as a 1st tier issue in this country, we're wasting our time" at #CollegeBoard South Forum
Someone whom you can trust.
ah, was wondering what you meant. It wasn't a critique, I was unfollowing some of the people who didn't follow me and(cont)
Im still not sure about this.
It's almost tax season. offers FREE shredding for Montgomery County!
is a whore
I am reading so many tweets on my time line that are making me laugh so hard. :) :) :) this is awesome
Please note the updated time on our August 28 concert. The concert starts at 5pm, not 7pm!
Catching up on the podcast. impressed again! Candid, Ohnest, and well worth listening to. Lunch on me if you ever pass through.
shouts to my Whiskey Drinkers....we are we are gods amongst men
#WhatMakesMeSmile Your face :D
Wondering y ppl have a problem w/sales. anyone who's anyone is in sales. Musicians, athletes, actors, models. Billionaires & millionaires!!
Even though we fight, I love ya girl!
Love the ropes //// tell that .ropes she can't RUN . she is a smokeshow but ,no can do on running ringropes
What up Y'all Jamie Jones is in the building! It is a very small world.
Yea! Was so good to see her...a nice surprise. (she's right, btw) RT : my mom says your kid's pretty cute!
We love superficialities, masks, roles and personas. The poor have no time or means for that. That's why we're a fake-o nation.
Guy in truck cuts me off in the crosswalk and flips me off as he goes by. Easily could have stopped. On a residential side street no less.
the past hurts Crowe
super busy getting ready for the BIG dance show, but good!
where in the world did the morning go??
I need pie eye pizza!
I like the type of people that says: you look awesome, when you really know that's not true
#industrynight starts tonight from 8-10pm. unwind after your week in the weeds with 1/2 prices bottles of wine. it's going to be a good time
#lopezsalido 2 one of the best fights I've seen in a long time!
You tell me that you'll change if I be with you, but I already have someone that doesn't need changing.
This type of diet emphasizes low-fat protein sources, such as lean meat, seafood, low-fat dairy products and beans
LOL, I knoww! Love you to! :D
There are plenty of good ones out there, but one of my favs is probably "Everyday I'm shuffle LIN."
lol I started stalking you when I first got it and I was like "really she can't follow me back" haha
www.varsityjackets09.com Now 100$ of the six time PGH commemorative jacket 412 873 8262 Till Today only Call BOb
join the party :) we like funny people AND we like people who just THINK we're funny!
Inhaling an airbag sounds like being in very personal contact with a politician. ;-D
but what about the ensuing budget cuts??
Dead bodies too .... Or so I hear.
how was orientation?
i like that wine, though never had it in a box!
lol just saw a Scott Walker and a Barack Obama sticker on the back of an old car.
It was the one and only song I ever learned on my guitar. Since forgotten. My hands are too tiny to play my acoustic. #
Come see us tonight at Treasure Island - 1opm... they let the badge-less folk in if it's not full!
When I imitate my mom's voice, I make her sound more Mexican than she actually sounds. I can't help it.
openlayers on IE vexes me yet again...
I agree. This wouldn't happen if we weren't so numb to violence from every day shows and news
Yeah! We have 199 followers! Which lucky person/business will be 200?!
If you keep people at arms length for long enough, you may find, when you lower your arms, there is no-one there.......
U enjoy benefits from government u don't have the intellectual capacity 2 realize. W/ur philosophy we'd all be living in caves.
Real real, say word. You ain't neva told no lie. You ain't neva told no lie...
Rt I hate crap like that. Because my #OCD makes me double check. We're good.
"You alright man? No, I'm far from fucking being alright."
"Remember, when you're with me, it's the only time you're not the strangest person in the room. So go ahead, get weird with me."
Morning #Bmore! Word of the day. Disappointment. We all will be disappointed in something, a person or ourselves. Key is not accepting it!
Gorilla marketing is on the rise I hear.
Follow . It's funny.
I don't cavalierly call women whores, but Bristol Palin is attacking my family when she herself couldn't keep her fucking legs shut.
they just ball out EVERY minute of the game. It's insane. I love them.
I hate when my echinacea vitamins spill out all over my purse
Hot in hurr.
Real man pray.
they will be worth the wait!
Never sleeps...
And I wanted to especially shout out this weekend. If there was ever a promotion I wanted to rise so bad, it's them.
If I have to miss weigh in or get a shitty seat because of this I will fucking snap. Fuck spirit airlines
Awesome :) we love to hear it! RT Just spotted a in Vancouver! Reminds me of being home I'm SD
Im sorry <3
i Miss My Abuela/:
I think we might being a Kickstarter to get the rest of the volume edited - freaking editing is expensive
I saw some white folks posing with riot cops for pics earlier today. It was cute.
Bork's tattoo is hard to draw but Punk's are harder :/
Excellent Fringe closer tonight! Not hanging on to find out what happens next. Kinda....
Wow! Did you try searching for your name using this?
oh okay anyways wyd
I'm tired of getting hurt.
me ima g. a real ass g. what im sayin is ,...you caynt fuk wit me.
what's up dork!
Saying Happy Birthday to my one and only sibling, my quiet, but CRAZY brother Thurston! Love ya!
I didn't know NASCAR had an allstar race
Who is watching the game today during lunch? Are you skipping work?
Yes, Thats Great. I will do a New post Next Week.
Free beer here dog. “: ha ha ha. Ur right”
Really? Yay! Lol. I'm so torn cuz I like it short but I also like it long
"Hope" is out. "Forward" is in. I am so glad "reverse" or "back to the future" did not get selected.
I just screamed!
#Transitions are a part of life, embrace them.
just set my 2012 goals....focused! I'm here to take advantage of everything these people take for granted! but for now, let's go Ice!
"The world is a canvas to the imagination." -- Henry David Thoreau
sike! im never going back I hate this Droid lol
#kids Sunday Dual Morning Services: Sunday Dual Morning Services from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 1:00 PM...
Welcome Ashley! We are happy to have you!
Hey Chris You Have An Amazing Voice And I'm Only 13 And You Are My Inspiration , I Would Love if You Followed Me #LoveLife (:
looking for documents or guide for schools to use when they are selecting on-line course software for students...any suggestions...
Madonna your dress is making my boobs hurt
RT : thanks to i got free tickets to
Oh for fucks sake here we go again.
I WANT A POSTER FROM THIS PHOTOSHOOT OKAY.
awww haha i was like wait i wanna play! Wait shoot girl are you playin in college / where are you going?
On a scale of 1-10 (10=high), how much do you enjoy playing CF? What's your fav pos?
I'll stick up for because I was there tonight and our whole section was absolutely drunk and very annoying
. a little too late for the husband....your company essentially killed him. #
It's too hot to be in this car. I'm ready to get back to my bed. 💤
better question: will U of L's tourney run last longer than Rick did inside Karen Sypher?
Great way to start the day...
No problem chica... saved my life with a pair of shoes yesterday, so I know how it goes, LOL
Write my research paper or watch Harry potter???? Oh I'll write my research paper on Harry potter. Thesis: should magic be real? F yes!
That a boy! RT“: just so you know I refrained from a carpet matching the drapes comment on your fb post, cuz I'm a classy guy.”
Playing with circuits
To minister to people all around the world thru your death is a powerful thing. Had no idea I would react this way.
a self-hating man.
I knew the second the production assistant for the Blue Man Group knelt down next to my seat and smiled...I was in the show.
If my phone dies, im not chargin it til tonight.
Chris Paul so dirty..
"b*tch i'm single. . yeah i'm single."
RT : My plans never work out...
Good times at The Hard Rock Tampa last nite! 2nite gonna RAWK St Petersburg FL at Suite Six -- Club Mixes w LIVE GUITARS
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb The person who made this is dumb.Were called DIRECTIONERS not,1D that's that band.Dumbass.
Karmas a bitch... Not the club <3 jersey babyy
Brian Urlacher is a great defensive end.
Where did you get your business cards printed?
I love the name Taylor
You've almost made it #PDX! #Happy Hump Day!
Fun seeing #CarrotTop w/ my brother! Creative, imaginative, funny throughout-Good show Good rec &
I'm thinking Conejitos tomorrow for dinner and then harry potter (I haven't seen it yet!)
it sure was:) haha.. hope all is well:)
RT : R.E.M. just disbanded. Guess it's up to me now...
Want to make your house smell great? Message me and I'll send you a Scentsy scent of the month sample.
for some reason twitter wont let me see who followed me
ok wat ever u say
- been trying (unsuccessfully) to buy three tickets for Sigur Ros this morning. It won't even let me select one. Any help?
Only. 3. Away.
Winners about to be announced!
are you guys coming to Chicago soon
good numbers for uk game.
why trader Joel's specifically?
night talk
I almost edited "squicky" what did we editors do before the Urban Dictionary?
No need to panic yet! You have until midnight on April 17 to get your #taxreturn submitted.
my parents dont want another dog :(
has anyone used Ustream yet for a webcasting option? Have been looking into it as an option
yeah lol im okay
so to follow that up, what the hell was SD thinking letting sproles go? Have yet to hear decent answer.
Found and my childhood best friend at Wal-Mart. What a small world!
how were the sharks??
If y'all can get to Snooze for breakfast one day you will have a happy tummy.
My day has been a whirlwind of almost non-stop questions!
totally, right!! Good town brother
My older dog, a great big Lab mix, is named Mingus. Happy
New Bonnie Raitt album... is AWESOME!
yes, Council approved the motion, but we have to negotiate with city staff on terms and then will go before Council next mo
I want to be just like on Austin and Alli getting a new job everyday cuz
The new Sleigh Bells album could be a Twin Peaks soundtrack.
haha Harry stamper is the man.
germinating these ginkgo seeds... wish me luck
hahaha or they are like air and water. The only important things in this world
are you starting a company??
mixing desk blueprints with
Its cool! But next time call me!
": Love that infographic, but I want to know how no one missed that mistake!" It was the excitement, I'm sure!
Thanks for all of your support for my music and shout outs to I think it's pretty darn cool! Keep it going, I feel the love
i have to write a 150 word spanish paper tomorrow in study hall. poop on my life!
My 16th Bday my sister complained cause I gotta BLACKBERRY TORCH. Her 16th Bday . . .
Do it! It's still only January, so you're not too far behind yet.
#UVa Alums can check out books, use all databases in house, and have select databases from home. Also, free refworks!
I can't watch that shit. I refuse. I'm done.
I heard on NPR that the letters don't get any higher as years pass. Those seem to validate that fact.
yeah dude! whenever it rains like this, all I wanna is sleep & eat. haha I knocked out book on face drool n all. So attractive.
worlds smallest inconsistent strike zone
Love it! which do you have? Printer crusher? Zero inbox?
It's FRIDAY..need I say anymore???
You read Hunger Games?
are you always on this thing?
Thanks for the RT :)
Yes Happy Mothers Day Gretchen,also why is Dianne Feinstein even walking through the doors on Fox News Ewwwwwwwwwwww
Dilma has the highest approval index since she became President and the highest index for a president in office for 1 yr and 3 months.
What the heck is happening at hollywood and highland?
Its so cold out :P
I'll go anywhere
Right now on : interviews
Hillaby quoting an elderly dalesman on Yorkshire usage of the familiar 'thou': 'Sithee, lad: thee thou them as thou's thee and not afore!'
what are you doing? Just having a party?
you might have too many apps for your memory
LLN Reports on William R. Patterson, Author and Speaker - May 03,2012 Mike Boehler and Michele Rempel reports on William R. Patterso
duh best dinner ever
And I must say, I was stupid. Selfishly, she consumed.
#teamfollowback I always will follow back. (: ALWAYS. check my following/followers(;
its the end of the road
No one can dispute the contribution fried chicken and sweet tea has made to my life personally... :)
Amazing Right!! Gaga is an incredible smart & talented human being who fights for those of us who are different!!
You see it....when you believe it...Happy Thanksgiving!!
Last Day at College for the Spring. After this day, my music projects begins. Expect new music from yours trutly.
Bucs vs Colts tonight at 6:30! Come experience Bomber Monday with $4 off all bombers!
Trying out my new phone!
Got SUPER TACTICAL last night - what a blast, we'll be back!!!
yes i think it will just take some good old fashioned pair programming!
Wow ... that's all the #Broncos get??? RT : Breaking news: Ny Jets have just traded a 4th round pick for Tim Tebow
lolz i cant stop watching ur videos luv u Austin!!! Call me maybe:):):):) <3<3
Did JB just say he would be my buzz lightyear?
i dont think so..
tambien e.e
Will have to add it to my list! RT : Just finished 's book on nat'l security budgeting .
In my dream, I was shopping for a horse in a pet store with Alexa but then we saw kittens so we spent all of our money on them.
Wish a nigga wld like a tree in this bitch .....
Thank God Lent is over, cause I've been up since 3am and I need some coffee. It is about to be a very long day.
Eternal cough - Holistic remedies are losing.. Don't want to go see Doc Michael. He is not keen on prescibed solutions.
Same to you :) RT : - Thanks for the follow!
Where is mrs. Right
Denversports will be @ #DU #Hockey this weekend selling raffle tickets to our amazing Olympic Raffle www.denversports.org
I don't. I didn't realize all of his sites are down. If you're really inclined, I could dig up his email address and DM you.
the only way today could've been any better is if I was the #MegaMillions winner!
man ! i love my new car , love my family, love my bf and gunnna love my new job hahah <3 life is good
OMFG YOU GUYS LIAM SAID MY NAME ON TWITCAM.
Congrats on Mizzou's win!
My foot doesn't quite fit into my mouth. Otherwise, it would be there. Unless you're kidding. In which case, I hate you.
How many fire trucks does it take???
they a good organization but don't care about they players, they only care about winning
It's National Clam Day. What better excuse to grab some clam chooowwwwdaaaaa! Who makes the best in San Diego???
If You Destroy My Trust Your Never Gettin It Back
Probably Austin
When Republican debates turn to social issues I get all tingly inside, like I'm being tickled in the loins by one of the disciples.
When is your concert in Edmonton,Canada going to be??
Are you ready for your kids to go back to school?
#artservicesguild art installer David Adler busy with #abmb clients. Will u be at the fair(s)? Looking forward to any in particular?
If they wanna Hate let they ass Hate jus make sure u give em sumn good to Hate on
Still, falls into the same category as Coldplay, Train, and every other annoying band I actively avoid.
Mungiu is the 1st Romanian director to win the Golden Palm at the Cannes, for '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days.' Starts tomorrow
Lots of recall Walker people out there today
Kesha doesn't look black though..
RT : In the Kingdom of God it's far more important to be caring & compassionate than cool, clever, & creative.//Yes
just caused a preemptive spill to prevent a spill. It must be #blogathonatx !
Josh Jones is a great local percussionist. He plays everything well. Noontime FREE lunchtime Latin concert today at Yerba Buena Gardens 12
Break a leg babe!
Coming up on Friday, October 8th; Rich Adams, Roy Vogt and I will play for you at F. Scott's Jazz Bar! I will post a regular event soon.
they just showed Alfred grilling Bertrand Berry on NFL Network Follies: "If you're tired take a knee, but DONT COME OUT DA GAME!!"
...which limits how many relatives I can find to those whose address as of 1940 I know or can find in online records.
#Foxtrot is used by health systems to improve revenue cycle managment. Collection updates post to core systems automatically with
thank u! =D
8 more followers until we hit 200! Please support us and hit that follow button!
#Rosebud theaters permanently close this Sunday.. Say it aint so!
Listening to debate that #china does capitalism better than America at
ha RT mznellynelle_ after watching worldstar hip hop...i also need a fitness ball *walks away and w1k4pS
thanks for the RT! Have you ever eaten at our place? You should stop in sometime :)
Republican hatred of Obama shows they are about POWER, not policy. If issue was policy they'd be thrilled that a Dem governed this far right
I need a nap and a vacation.
love it! just names, no words necessary!
Got on last call for my flight!! #Clutch gene!!
Another big thunder/hail dorm in ATL, loving it
Wow! How did you find that out? Wasn't that the millionaire guy? Cool!
Thanks! appreciate it. Good luck to you 2.
we just waiting for them diablo servers
CALL JENNIFER THE GM OF CHOP SHOP RADIO SET IT UP 2107846094
I hope my trainer isn't hot or I'll get nervous ☺ lol
oh fuck yeah :)
yayayay i love how ur prob reading this and being all confused XD sorry we do that alot
how is it?
you could have responded with "I'm not the hooker you ordered." and then just stood there.
I got a guy interested in doing a kombucha session. Still trying to find out if NessAlla is interested.
Definitely just found my church home here in Nash. (:
Great field trip today. Lots of fun. Small groups, lots of support, organization are all key. It's so nice to get out of the building.
Pay Phone. only song i somewhat like by maroon 5. mainly because it has wiz khalifa
aye sweatpants!
#ICantStandPeople That Swear Everybody is Out To Get Their Bf or Gf.
My disconcertment is equally spread out between the groups of people clamoring for Sookie and prostitution.
Looking good!
So we just get back from Boston and my dad goes and cuts the grass.... Lmfao whut?
Caffeine addiction: the first step on the road to cocaine addiction?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
sorry i missed ya , I'm here now though
Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one...
Awh shucks thanks! :) RT Shoutout to just cause I love her.
Jack Nicholson
you say im such a dog
It was on the history of student annotation and notetaking, early modern through ebook (all in 20 mins!) +
Does anyone know Amanda Felizianos Tumblr name?
this jacket is so #DOPE shout out to a
back to reality, which really isn't bad at all. there has been lots to celebrate lately.
Judge David Flanagan is now taking up a trial on the state's new Voter ID law. This case was brought forward by the NAACP and VdlF.
uh, it's just #oneofthesedays ...so tired.
Lucky no yellow on Kei
I wanna go to New Orleans on the most ignorant idea... 2 beads...
yes i will. Miss my sister crystal!
SAY SOMETHIN AND IM JAMMIN OUT . I LOVE THIS SONG <33
Absolutely, he seemed just as fired up for the game as the players were
SO its official lol I NEED an IPAD!! lol :)
Whoa, feeling the Ambien kick in.
Who should I put in my bracket for the Final Four?
looks interesting....just put it to Diigo and to math group : )
Summer, you could not come any slower.
im bout to make me some cheese eggs bitch lol
Nicholas Klinger - "Could you hear that?" [it was a silent video] There were lots of important messages there...."
lol i will be so sad if that happens :( n yeahh that'd be cool
Yet he is attacking medicinal marijuana laws. U hollywood liberal shithead.
Easy 5 miles this morning in the Cleveland MetroPark. Love the horse trails.
Rip is letting 'em hang tonight, confidently
I'm getting Gary a tee shirt that says "96% of the care Planned Parenthood provides is preventive."
I did go to a titty bar and an Irish pub in Ulanbataar
For real though who is the mother in How I met your mother...
Oh hai Are you still at J. Ryans for the #tweetup in #syracuse? I'm new & need to meet some ppl!
This is a fair budget. It retains education funding and keeps higher education affordable.
Why do you retweet your retweets? Is it so you can get more retweets? Is it really that serious?
did u hear bout the hunger games contest from scholastic grand prize winner gets 2 go 2 the premier!!www.scholastic.com
Working my way through our 7" collection, so much good stuff I forgot we had. I'm so happy Mitch got me a record player for Xmas!
Getting on a flight alone with 3 hours of sleep in me, i hope i make it back alive
So I'm gonna continue to watch/listen to #MARSunplugged until I fall asleep! :) Thank you so much
I'm jealous 😁
Raspberry-Coconut is here in Harvard Sq! We still have Peppermint-Oreo but not for long!!
Getting ready for the day
cool with me
Looking forward to entertaining our amazing troops tonight!
Nympho Pimps..We keeps bitches on deck who stay super wet while they give neck
My entire Artfire studio is 50% OFF!!! This is my biggest sale before the holiday season- prices will not be lower this year!!!
NIIAAALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Well lost hm 3-11 start & dead last & this tv deal suck the big one Uverse cant see games... No DVRing games this season :(
Looks like Nadal and Djokovic are about ready to pass out!
Hey, wait a minute. You sound like you have a little experience broom riding. What gives? Or did you Google it? MOL!!!
Working my last Sunday reference shift. This would normally be a joyous occasion, but the main lab printer is borked.
Oh my God! I just wrote 1,000 words in an hour by hand (ouch)! I love a good writing spree! I have earned the chocolate I'm about to eat.
Being in cali=waking up before 6am feeling well rested. wish I could do the same thing at home!
lets try!
I'm a shrimp guy.
Ron Jeremy, prostitutes, and porn at epic church today??! Check it out at xxxchurch.com or epicchurchlv.com
great meeting you in chicago!!
I hope the Indiana Pacers can find a coach who can lead them to over .500 or maybe some consecutive wins.
Nice! Justin wanted us get married at the Alamo Drafhouse- during a dbl feature-recoup some $ by charging admission. We didn't.
I like u a lot I need to get some drinks w u soon.... I know is laugh guarantee :-) xoxo
im going too :'( lol
To remind a man of the good turns you have done him is very much like a reproach. Demosthenes (384 BC - 322 BC)
im gonna miss your braces but your gonna look great without them :) not to mention hot lol
maybe what you want to do is changing.
Have a student who is bored out of her mind. My school moved quickly to move her to honors and put her on track to graduate early. Awesome.
i wonder if the saleswoman who took my shirt off is single.
I am for med weed. I am for meditation. I am NOT for big pharma, or bs.
a triumph of perseverance after a lifetime of teeny tiny arms.
I thought I was watching a Daffy Duck cartoon... turns out I was watching ESPN and Lou Holtz was talking.
ellie likes to sit on my shoulder.... i put her back in my lap, and she just climbs right back up!
a stuffed nose with a ur nose pierced is a terrible feeling :(
If I don't answer ya call..Means,pick a different conversation..Not talking Money then..Me don't speak €nglish
Why do we run the ball on first down every f'ing time!!!! #BBN #Kentucky Our coaches are turrible
What's going on with our Buff. Bills.The best looking team in the NFL by WSJ and now the smartest QB in the league.Will this help get jobs?
Golden mustards, purple mizunas and beet greens salads w fish fry at tonight...come say hi!!
A Human Thought is an actual Existence, and a Force and Power, capable of acting upon and controlling matter as well as mind.
Congrats, Tricia! MT : Mission accomplished! Best academic semester of college since sophomore year and Summa Cum Laude!
Oh why did i ever doubt you? You know i would die here without you! <3
where is that ? NTB ? And why you go there ? And are you in USA now ?
Just woke up from much-needed sleep after driving from Las Vegas last night
My Chemical Romance for me. Who's your favorite band?
IF THIS NIGGA TWEET ONE MORE THANG BOUT HIS HAPPY ASS RELATIONSHIP IMA BE SHITTY! WE AINT ALL GOT THAT MUTHAFUCKA
Thanks so much Steve. Finding the time to process has been tough but worthwhile. Was great seeing you and Jason at Q.
you are such a thug, fuck.
Just LOL'd. Blake - you crack me up!!
sorry for the lack of updates yesterday, soo many interviews!
oh where , oh where my baby be?.
Brilliant ambush marketing by Sasha Baron Cohen promoting The Dictator on #eredcarpet by spilling urn on Seacrest. Controversy sells.
yo why the staffed hours close so early though? Lol
I love you!!!!!!(: Your an amazing ACTOR! Please follow me backk.
#Republicans crying #classwarfare" is like the the giant bully on the playground crying when the poor picked on kid finally fights back.
your webinar is on December 15th? That was last Thursday.
Bearcats back in action this upcoming Friday and saturday against NEO. Friday, double header at 12pm. Saturday, one game at 12pm.
you inspired me to make a twitter lol
their flower show. they worked hard on it, but u can see the corporate crippling of art. so bland im not offended
Think Arias learned his lesson about hustling. He was in full Bryce Harper mode.
must be panicking.
I recall this day in 2011 honoring Dr. King's legacy of #solidarity with organized labor at a rally featuring
Thanks for the souvenir SF!
Going thru designs picking out the first set to be sent to the printer! We're making moves for the first District Element photoshoot!
you have now been officially booted from 426.
you're killing me with the Spanish, si, mucho trabajar! :)
Game at 2 we have to go out there n,work hard...
Just had one of the biggest reliefs of my life
Doesn't a Trans Am make you a dbag? : Tinted windows on your car makes you look like a douche bag.
Scar tissue that I wish you saw, sarcastic mister know-it-all
New Plectrum Ent. website launched today! We are looking for new talent to add to our lineup from the New England area!
Is the Tim/Faith run in Vegas really just hitting the Internet now? My mom told me weeks ago... Was I not supposed to know? Haha
Strong win huskies, lets finish out the year on a high note
no way! Thank YOU Mer!!!!! You're the best.
-- Eh, judgment call. He doesn't strike anyone out ... that's kind of important.
Yes. Fast forward 19 plus years from now, yes. Still yes.
5x5 front squats @ 245 followed by a nice little thruster - box jump couplet.
Pre-gaming Thanksgiving with a huge box of brownies. I love #nau care packages.
VonChurch is currently looking for network programmers for gigs in San Diego, Texas, and BEYOND! Ping for more!
Can I get a RT if you love the new #RTSCruiser?
RT Have u ever been put in the 4 Leaf Clover #curlyUncut ...copyright infringement ©
are you voxing now?
I think that's more of a reference to swallowing.
Pretty crazy that the Louisville, Kentucky and Ohio State are in the final four this year. I have ties to all three schools -- oh man!
god god god god
Trying out new TECHNOLOGY!
who is at live sporting events right now? What's going on??
I just competed in the rooster crowing competition.
yeahh i agree
Listening to re the Arab Spring, Twitter & the new shifts in power at US Arab event
New york undergrounds will b playing my music 9pm tues&fri plz show me some support ! Thank you!! Plx
we are the same person BOY!!!
Wow. That was...pretentious
Silver Springs with some twisting wind right now
#WhenAustin made a video saying happy valentines day to everyone. <3
Doing homework now so i can watch Live cghat!!!!
Glad to hear it...we'll have to get him a cocktail next time :-)
a good blog helps define yourself for yourself as well as others
The guy running around on the field should have watched The Incredible. No capes!
We think "The Same" is our best song, what about you? Let us know why at Yesterdayrocks.com!!
We don't need no stikin' story...
hates hospitals :( i'd like to go home now please
so now what lol
Excitement is nice,why aren't self-advocates included in the chat today? nothing about us w/o us
At wpas women's committee meeting and am dying to see the lois mailou jones exhibit afterwards here at the natl museum of women in the arts
Meeting with later this week to plan a new campaign for Chesterfield. Looking forward to collaborating with their team.
did you check your local library? O.o
‎- If That Boy Don't Love You By Now . . . He Will Never Ever Never Ever Love You ♥ `
Archbishop Dolan named Cardinal.
uh... That some kind of sick joke?! :) of course I do!
I think hobo vagina is illegal in Ohio. Fish tacos are not.
they come when they want ;)
So excited to see Beauty and the Beast tonight at the El Capitan!
Opera music blasting out of a stranger's house on a cloudy day.
signed up for chelseas run, you are welcome to join if you still want to!
The last 10 minutes is the first I've ever seen Barca disorganized. El Madridistas are flying high. Benzema, Ronaldo and Ozil are on.
thanks for following ♥
With and Lindsey
I kno my bae ass is knocked
Shoutout to my new Followers..
Alex & Robert, tweet, tweet.(:
u mean mon
well your a loser too then.
Christmas Shopping #ForTheWin {:
just was listening to a bunch of old stuff I did with those were the days...what type of stuff where they.
8 days & counting people.
sitting in a cafe upstate drinking vino & listening to some coffee house rock! Heading to Toronto in the am! Raincheck!! lol
haha you're so random... i love it
Called the station, they told me that my honey is there but they're knocking down quickly. He should be home soon
I remember going to school late to get the new Jordans (1st time out EVER) and be the first to have them on in school
Like new tech re online learning; am still concerned with content, student relations, educational values, aesthetics, and application.
#Pow RT : I have a super power of creating meeting agendas that run on time and are workable. Where is the cape for that?
yeah even the Huns got one to delay my #titleparty . Just day in and watched immortals, good flick
Yes, i wear high waisted shorts/pants but, who told bell bottoms were a trend?
When is someone gonna start the trend of wearing all spandex?
Thanks for stopping by! How was breakfast?
thanks for the great pics - I am starting the day with a smile!
Halloween Happy Hour tomorrow with the JustFabulous crew! Can't wait to see all my fabulous creatures in their outfits!
unable to DM bcuz u r not following me. Not a birthday gift, heavy reader vice TV watcher. I believe she would love ur book
Fuck The Boys && Girls Club
I think it's just too much off the top. :o
Thank you, sugar face! Life is good. :)
Looking like I'm smoking by myself tonight.
took my son (on a rainy humid day) to see Pirates of C in 3D, poor kid was begging me. Ok.. it was really because I wanted to see it.
totally agree
Come here kids, I'm gonna grape you in the mouth!
If you watchd the show b4, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOIN IN THEY HOUSE
I bought an iBoat & it's syncing!
When people say they "Give 0 fucks' << clearly you gave enough fucks to make a tweet about it
WHOA! is on a prize giving roll right now! An iPod Touch and a signed guitar?! How cool!
I thought the Buffett Rule involved margaritas and cheeseburgers?
I love 's book "Act like a lady, but think like a man". After seeing the movie, that made me wanna buy the book.
Jefferson is on fire!!!!!!
#aam2012 I'm at Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A Cross-Museum Research Report - 101 G - just started come over
money and wine... What else is there really?
It's Wednesday...time to stir it up on the show. We'll talk about the #Heat, tempers flaring in #MLB and more.
u got the city goin crazy wit that record broyo...niggas been hitttn my phone askin bout it
Ugh off to lay by the pool
I'm gonna lay on the floor and sleep.. Right now
3 Stocks Every Trader Should Know About (&amp; Why): ETAK, SATC, LEE - SmallCap Network
SHOUTOUT TO: <<< FOLLOW! MY 500th FOLLOWER!
"Oklahoma A&M Narrowly Beats Texas A&M in Gridiron Football Contest" No need for compliments; I've got a way with words.
If the world is all a stage, then I figure I am the guy who throws the tomatoes
who is you calling foo, my asian nigga?
Get in your space ship
i love z true long island story
RT 80/20/30 rule. If 80% of problems come from 20% of your clients, then cull the 20% and your profits rise by 30%.
Start an intellectual revolution. #therevolutionwillbelive?
My dreams are so terrible and real that I think that I might somehow be morphing into Harry Potter or the guy from Final Destination
Working late on a Friday Night...Keeping #Pittsburgh Computer Users #Virus Free...
Thanks, lady...it's been a lovely day :)
Bye bye blondie!
NLC's Johnson- creative partnerships with Federal gov't - Let's Move Cities & Towns w/ First Lady, Cities United w/ Dept. Justice
cool where are you guys located?
okay, wth is wrong with people, keep saying what you want, idc!
Gov't Mule to play at the Cabooze in #Minneapolis on August 21!
Today is gonna be the hardest day ever for me;getting ready;going to dunks to get a coffee with paul;rip brian I miss you so much :(
Jimmy Fallon - Slow Jam The News with Barack Obama: Late Night with Jimm...: via
they say im tripping but i ain't fall yet!
RT : On my way to the in Dothan, Alabama to pick out my final wardrobe!!
Big at-bat for Matt Kemp
NASTY GURL TAKE IT OUT HA ASS PUT IT IN HA MOUTH”
“: how are you, lady? Long time no see! x #spiceroute” yo miss ur pretty face. Are u in Tdot? FB me ur #
Flares+ tennis shoes
then do something !
i do believe faith
