Might not be a new video tomorrow. Gonna put in a little extra time into our surprise for you guys ;) who excited??
Naps is never going to come out.
Go on Netflix and type in Christmas Classics: Vol 1 makes me feel like a lil thing! watching baby cartoon reindeer, sipping my cocoa ;)
thanks for the follow. I bought a TRX a few years ago after reading an article about it.
can't complain my man. Still living up north?
I approve this message: ": Future frequent VIP gamechanger at Plan C, #onTheList"
a little top early. I loved the opening sketch and the amazon commercial. The NFL thing was alright
...and thats what ya get for calling the sex hotline
oh my goodness gracious sakes alive!!!!!! what on earth?!!!!! hope you get better soon!!!
900th tweet!! Goes to because she gets all of my important tweets and because her birthday is tomorrow!!! 🎉
she don't know if you like/hate jogging. All she sees is some dude chasing her.
Call of duty baby! Online is sick
how do I book karmin for an event?
It's costing $50 to fill up my Toyota just like it use to cost to fill up my Surburban, when is the economy going to get better?
My love is deeper, tighter, sweeter, higher, fire... Didn't you know this?
After waiting on hold 5+ mins., your phone sys. just disconnects people?!
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. RDB is one of our bands! check us out? :)
Without money, we'd all be rich
Wife downloaded the Ipad app. She now gets her People and now I have to go buy a new Ipad for myself.
Rove should be tried in the Hague for int'l war crimes w/ the rest of the Bush Admin
save me some lol.
Up about to discuss business... Gonna lose some sleep to gain a dream
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car
ok!! What?
Team adam coming up next.
That awkward moment when you try to sing a duet by yourself
Amen, brother RT : One positive, we both hate BU.
good morning Lynn!
“: wooooi.. wait till the next gig..”-LoLoL
"Save The Pencil".....AW -___- lol
you got it, Don. You are tweeting.
Samsung galaxy s2 proves to be the best phone in the range of tablet phone series.
IT IS NOT THAT HE IS UNABLE TO CONVINCE, BUT THAT HE HAS GRANTED FREE WILL. WE MUST WALK BY FAITH NOT BY SIGHT
so where r u from
FOLLOW ME JEEZUS
It looks stormy in #Indy. Looks like a great night to start up the fire and sip some award-winning wine.
The University of Rochester Medical Center Board of Trustees has reappointed CEO Bradford Beak to a second 5-year term.
Breaking News report person shot in Long Beach CA Federal Building
I'm in awe of your backyward - looks like a football field to this New Yorker!
that's great:)
Glorious 4-day weekend, I welcome you with open arms!!
everyone follow , my best bud! Give her a tweet gang!;D
If I were at #Sundance, #findingnorth would definitely be on my list to see!
Today, I will be back at work after driving from Memphis Tennessee to New York picking up a car after mines got stolen in the Bronx
'Poison is in everything, no thing is without. The dosage makes it either a poison or a remedy' -Paracelsus
when my mom buys good cereal >>
Ahah he's so cute.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: DOJ, FBI opens investigation into #trayvon Martin shooting
thanks! Cheers
night? Fasting affecting your sense of time?
Hungry as Ever! Time to feed the machine.
It's lovely to meet you, too. Thanks very much!
Because it's going to post them? Or post to your account when you do something there? Social site linkage ftw! Or not.
Final from AMSOIL, the #Badgers defeat Boston College by the score of 6-2 and advance on to the national championship game Sunday.
Gahh its finally here my girls quince!! :D damnn and she invited like 55 if my friends (:, its going down tonight :D
Happy hour from 5-7, then DJ OMG! IT'S HIM. See you tonight
If nobody cared what other people thought, we wouldn't have Twitter.
On my break now
any close friend of the mate is a close friend of mine. Always a place to stay for genuine people
I thought that one day he'll come back and beg for forgiveness and finally start to be a dad. A real dad...but it never happened.
24 hr fitness is such a good investment on my body. I get to go whenever I want :)
clips are looking great! This might not be as easy as they thought
Wife, you deserve the label.
thanks a ton! i'm sure you remember the apprehension to take it & the excitement about getting it behind you.
Hambone! Mark and adam too
great resource! Thanks for pointing it out.
I don't really have anything to do until it's time to start drinking again...
Thanks for the heads up. We'll let management know.
Come have a drink tonight...bottle perhaps? :)
I agree! I saw it at a pro shop and couldn't believe my eyes.
Tell a girl she's pretty and she wouln't believe you. Tell a girl she's ugly and she will never forget it.
um, PART of ur boo crew...c how twitter get you smacked??
Before that, in elementary school, I was a gymnast. I could vault and do uneven bars with the best of them. Floor was solid. Minus splits.
I LOVE YOU
good just been working on our next project but hbu?
Enter to win a free office! Just "like" us on facebook!
Sen. Bob Bacon withdraws amendment proposing Lobato cost study from school funding bill.
Ah, but victory would have tasted so much sweeter!
i know right! I'm so jealous! And he dm'd my friend saying there "Good" friends..Like yeahh okayy!-____-
thank you for the link but I've already signed the petition.
schooling myself on Redd Kross in prep for blackout saturday. i hope they do phaseshifter stuff..and not third eye stuff
Twitter is going to be the death of some people
Hey graphic designers, what are some free vector apps out there similar in features to Adobe Illustrator?
Remember when Neil Simon came to see #LOSTINYONKERS at the Beckett #Theatre?
LMAO “: I'm a crazy b*tch when I'm on my period. 😞”
The dark cloud that descended when the news of 27 layoffs was announced will take some time to lift
I hear ya! Me too APO :-) this shit is a lot more work than i could of ever imagined
"Social Networking is Jazz". Via
RT if you like NICE TITS
I got mad trix!!! Lmfao ;) up my sleeve isn't where ya think ;) Tick tick BOOM!!!!!!
RT : The next time someone tries to scapegoat poor black kids for school failure tell them to stop by YW afterschool progr ...
aha, thanks -_-
OMG, did you just use an exclamation point?
awesome, I'll have to check it out with soon :-)
your website is very fun.
Zinn collaboration...yes please. Andy, Malica, yes please.
hey you how are you doing?
BREAKING NEWS! SAT APRIL 28TH! THE RETURN OF #daydream DAY PARTY AT DIRTY MARTINI/DIRTY BAR SPREAD THE WORD!
Setting up with some new bands! If your interested in working with us please check us out at www.DebbieDowerEnt.com
Our next #builtheritage chat is Wednesday (May 2). We'll be talking about jobs in #preservation at 4:00 EDT. Hope you can join us!
It's no April Fools prank: Our spring issue will be out soon! Order your subscription today.
or both?
I sound like a moron when I listen back. Can't do it.
Note: at the Tampa location: RT : JULY 1-30, SPECIAL - $20 Off Any Pair of Z-COiL Shoes
New Orleans. I love. this city.
Seems more frequent if I select the end of the text (e.g. edit post, position cursor at end, tap delete).
#THM RT : Life in perspective so blessed
Working in the studio today! Hell ya!
Thanks for the recent follows!
lol what the heck why?
"Freedom of conscience entails more dangers than authority and despotism"-Michel Foucault
i love
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza above the pizza
In nearby Mesa you will find Mesa Community College, which is part of Maricopa’s community college system
The key is to be motivated to not eat food that is nutrient-poor, whether grains, beans or processed garbage full of chemicals
ok thank you
Whoa on the Will Rhymes
RT : I found home. You're my home. Stay with me. -Belle (Beauty and the Beast)
are you from Houston? My lady lives in Houston but she is actually born & raised in Western PA. She attended grad school at TSU
Just awesome! Exuberant crowd and lots of hugging after oath. Cheers and "don't come back!" as Bush flew off. Lots of celebrating :-)
Hire character. Train skill. ~Peter Schutz
"King Arthur Rowell of dauphin northlands. Son of lord Arthur Rowell lord of penbrook former lord of southwestern Philadelphi ...
Kudos to the Seattle Regional #VA office for prompt, friendly, helpful service in securing a compensation awards letter
I was hoping it was a younger group so we could possibly scrimmage each other.
Drop it low remix by ester dean I loooveee
We have a slightly new #HappyHour - 1/2 off Tap Beers, $2 Rails & a Complimentary Snack Buffet!
Oh. Well then. Could you say you Don't Give Hoot?
ewww ; chicken with sOme waffles
Can you believe 17 yr old Shree from #FortWorth #TX won the global science fair! Thanks for your contribution to ovarian cancer studies!
girl i see ya gettin ya entreprenuer on
I'm happy for her 😊
I do t think it came out. I just checked Vevo and tho only thing was a live performance of more than this
Don't underestimate Wittek and Kessler. Browne will not start as a true freshman over either one.
That guy that nobody was gonna vote for is no longer asking for our votes.
Plz rt Reschedule 4 r class with agent Peter sanfolippo. Peter is sick so there will be no online class tonight. Reschedule soon
Today in Blues History: Eric Clapton's "Blues Power" peaked at #76 on Nov 22, 1980
When u hungry u just eat, but when u GREEDY you eat to much, the grind is a constant...u never get full, so u stay greedy...
Why ? Don't you like going to work (grin)?
Cool the Earth welcomes Malcolm Mackay elementary in Tenafly, New Jersey to our program!
LOVING IT! Had to put it down so i could get some sleep to keep up w LM RT : thank you! LOVE that book. Oh, God...
Follow the little sis, she's hilarious. Welcome to Twitter!
Been needing em worked on for 2 Weeks now
Malanga for dinner. #veganmay thanks Ecuador!
My favorite rapper.... SWAGG.
I am unabashed fan of the new album from soon as you can check it out.
Be Like "Um BITCH" & Walk Off.
YOHANA!! i have an important question!
Fu*k what other people think! Follow your dreams!"
can you email me tomorrow. . Need to get a meeting as we move forward w/
They're chanting OKC because they
Sippin' on some wine in
There are worse things in the world!
It's way to early.
GOD HAS SUMTHN INSTORED FOR ME. I CAN FEEL IT. SUCCESS IS ON ITS WAY
already up. fees like crap, barfed yesterday like twice
♠Things that make you go hm: Why do we want the one thing we can't have, the minute we're told we can't have it? ...
Following n
talk to me on the space below chat me!!!!
Firehook Bakery bakes its bread in a beautiful circular wood-burning brick oven!
Nuggets all night long. I meant Kobe. Whatever, jerk.
yes it was. Totally not the champagne of beer
" Cotto made 40 mill off this fight ain't nothin wrong with a loss lol "
thanks i love you.
Client meet at lunch today to discuss food shoot. Easier to do when you enjoy the product.
seriously that doesn't make any sense.
No ends, no slaughterhouse tickets.
#atplc "Use common assessments to: figure out what to adjust in teaching. Ask how can I learn from my colleagues on where they excelled."
this is so true
All Mahomies are equal. It honestly doesn't matter when you became a Mahomie. If you were here from ShootUsDown or not. WE'RE ALL EQUAL.
"What I say is, if a man really likes potatoes, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow!" - A.A. Milne. Meatloaf/potatoes as special 2day!
talks about leveraging technology, and mentions the 94% conviction rate -- lowest rate it has been for San Diego
I just read the police blotter and was taken aback. People still steal car stereos?!
DAMN RIGHT.
Takeaway from #Premier100conf skills gap lunch: managers want .Net, Java, mobile app dev but most of all interpersonal skills.
Tomorrow morning at 8:46am ET on A&E there's a 9/11 special it'll broadcast everywhere at that time. Figure out when it is for your timezone
Thank you Maurice Sendak. Let the wild rumpus start!
RT : Master should be in specialized field of PR practice, i.e. medical, business, gov, etc.
Sweet. Dibs on the badass rainbow platforms!
I have a very similar RP staff. Awful. No he's not. I dumped him in a 12-team a week ago.
Can only go up from there!
Im following bro.
Happy Mother's Day to all our Step It Up Moms!!! :). Wishing you a beautiful day!
Are you a student? $25 makes you a member! You get into the museum for an entire year along with other awesome benefits!
Govt shutdown looming. Don't stop now, Congress: you might reach single-digit approval ratings soon!
Blossom Dearie singing "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square."
i have entered the contest to meet and about 50 times now and i am not gunna give up i love u!
My pleasure!
Thx to Bob Stane of Coffee Gallery Backstage: "They are so much fun they should be illegal in Utah." :-D lospochos.com
its like really hard for me to type
Gotta love a juicy "blue note" in the middle of a Renaissance Kyrie.
Thanks to SOC 201 for sharing their Health Disparities Digital Stories Presentations with us. Love the music!
Only casualty of last night's storm is the Hydrangea tree. It was going 2 get a makeover anyway, this just speeds up the process a bit.
omg congrats thats awesome!!!! :D
I keep thinking there's something I have to do like study or something... it's nice to know there's not :)
Josh Freeman is a better young quarterback than Tim Tebow....Did I already miss the Bucs playoff game? How did they do?
The Dateline: A Single to Relationship Timeline
Spa ME saying.... "Happy Labor Day!"
Congrats to Barbara Bradley! She's our winner of the MIB 3 movie passes for May 21 at the Galaxy 14
Welcome to PANYC! Happy to have you join us :)
check your Dms
this summer is all about me and gettin back on my shit
Congrats to for being announced #WomanOfTheYear!! :)
90 bus going to be over 20 min late per next bus. Why have a time scheduled on trip planner? Fucking idiots! All of you!
So many great take aways from #TAOM today. For ex: Small talk serves the purpose of quieting the reptilian brain--
So thrilled.. 300 followers.. feel the need to say something smart. Have to think about that and get back to you :-)
We want to say thanks to all the men and women serving our country, so this week we're giving them 15% off!
ooh la la! like what???
See Allegro on July 23 & 24 come to the Wheeling WV area for the Upper Ohio Valley Italian Festival !
What is your favorite piece of a musical score from a movie?
high mazheep! :D
Time to set up for another sound check..Contact us for your April and May events!! Party Amante, El Paso’s premier sound!
FUCK didn't know today is the season finale of Spartacus...
awesome! Gotta clear my schedule!
Yeah but if I lose I'm out.
I can read.. I told you already that I will change it. I CAN'T AT THE MOMENT.. Nevermind what I was gonna say. Bye.
Ah yes, we love that fabulous dessert created by ! My fav was the peanut butter cookies w/ sorbet!
awesome...you should do it!
Dedication: PEDRO ANTONIO MIRANDA, Para Pedro Antonio Miranda, we miss you. Tu amiga, Ivon Perez
Anyone wanna help me get to 800 followers? Shout me out and RT this. :D
#gdconline #rossborden...this guy knows what he is talking about
Sorry. It's the web service not recognizing that code. Paste this into Spotify's search: spotify:track:5f6igUw1asUL4AGXSvgTW8
thanks man!
Ok so they don't give Duke calls????
Definitely beats my strawberry protein shake!
I think like 5/6th of my tweets have been tryin to get u to follow me & I have over 4,000 tweets so will u PLEASE follow me!<3
i punched myself in the face trying to fix my boob/bra situation. Is this considered a #whitegirlproblem?
Good Morning, on my way to work! #salonflow thanking God in advance for productivity all day long.
All I wanna do is drink some tea, I've got a feeling I'm not the only one...
Seriously Cardinals! This is a World Series!
I like it!
Lunch time with the Tampa and Utah youth delegates.
work and catchin up on classwork all week =[ WARPED THURSDAY!!! WHERE THE AFTER PARTIES AT?!
Had a wonderful, amazing & lovely weekend thanks to my wonderful boyfriend, :)
yeah....about that no we couldn't throw it the ocean maybe 2 threes it was a strug fest
Lotion? Check. Tissue? Check....Picture of Tiger Woods?.......Check I'm ready for a good week.
heehee...is that basically all about how to avoid getting involved in other people's issues?
HMG hit 200 followers today!!!! Thanks so much to all of you for your interest and support!
Shut yooo mouth
I don't imagine Parcells would want to take the Saints job, even only for a year.
If you spend more than 4k a month on PPC you should consider a recapture program. It is the next logical choice for the budget spent on SEM.
best song ever! you're welcome for introducing it to you!
Hey Bro!! Hope you win it!!
hm. jolly ranchers for breakfast?
OMG it's EXCLUSIVE now!!! LOVE knows no boundaries!!! I have NOT felt this amazing in HONESTLY FOREVER!!!
Our #Government claims they #Buried #BinLaden at sea.. #BullShit, They didn't bury him. They #Fed him to the
": Wooosah !" Some breathing techniques and I learned in lamaze might help you. Lol
Every Little Thing That We Do , Should Be Between Me And You ;)
Laying on the couch watching movies all day. Tonight playing tennis!
my birthday is in 363 days!! ..
Yea, I can def. relate. Sometimes helps to find ways to get your mind off the cash flow, though, if you can find them.
Keep a #gym bag packed with everything you need for the gym by the door or in your car. Then just grab and go!
Pretty sure my dad and I are the only people under the age of 60 in the cardiologist office
PSA: when wearing a sundress & sitting in the sun on a plastic chair be sure your dress isn't stuck & showing your bottom when u stand up
Today I career advised an MLS student, a soon-to-be retiree, and a potential library director. They were all so awesome!
#TURF is the BEST
Thanks for the luck! Sending some your way as well! Have a great day
I don't remember most of my classes, but I learned Algebra well & everything else was too confusing
You know what looks amazing? Your photo splashing the cover of our new anthology! I think you'll be quite happy.
Do you happen to know of any projects on the history of agriculture that make use of digital tools?
Yess thank you! I just need a pen just in case D:
They used to
I'm going to start calling you Jackson, the Enigmatic. ;)
Udo Janz, UNHCR head in Sarajevo at the time, says is a household name for women in Bosnia.
yay! bring some friends with! :)
After Colin made a squirting noise in his diaper, Jess says, "I call 'not it' on whatever that was."
This is the one year anniversary of the Beatification of Blessed John Paul II
First down bitches
Just saw on CNN #MittRomney kissing off African Americans. Why, Mit?
#ThirstyThursdayPartyBlock ask about them.
Happy Birthday & Congrats to Bakersfield's Derrick Byars on his call-up today to the San Antonio Spurs!
Wish they had stayed, but probably a bigger loss in the locker room and on the air than on the field
amen! Go vols
what's good
now that's what I'm talking about. Let's teach the Hall a lesson.
Me too. I root for the dentists' and plumbers' horses.
My recommended post-work wind-down: Go to the Bookery Nook and buy a good novel. Then head over to House Restaurant for a cocktail. Bliss
Found a new app to update twitter, foursquare and Facebook
You were right,
Lee Hacksaw Hamilton former SDCharger playbyplay on the death of Jr.Seau at 6:15 on NWSports Tonight
if ur down for laying bricks today come pick me up, im at mcdonalds at howell mill using their wifi
Fried rice is my kryptonite
LMMFAO OK!!!! Good night
Spent an hour on the way home today photographing random signs/storefronts in Niagra Falls. Absolutely loved the history there.
4 am at the apple store. New mbp crashed and won't turn on. Flight into San Diego in a few hours. Then we hop the border
Rise & Grind Tweepz!! We gettin it in early today!! Team
disco nap!
if they don't want to give you their info, rumor has I would have been winner #22.. ;)
just good to catch up with family talk about the good old days and party like its the first event I ever attended
I predicted that the Thunder would be spanking the Laker's ass but not this bad! Haha :)
Thank you for your patience, Mr. Assad. I believe you're next.
Happy to hear it, Florence! We think you're all that and a bag of chips...like really good chips.
Thanks! You better come to the next one!
So there's pics of jayz & beyonce bby surfacing but I wonder if thts their actual daughter *shrugs* lil girl is cute tho
you coming to ny ?
in the morning...sneezy...just sneeze a sneeze before you leave...ooohoo.
Visiting Angels San Jose is a senior homecare agency which offers a range of services in elderly care
no problem, and of course!
bad ass
Lesbian Sex is 1OOO times better than straight sex HANDS DOWN !
Enjoy deals at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I found you.
Important meeting today! Hoping, praying, but keeping in perspective :) Blessings tweeters...
Dude comes into work today that looked a bit like young Jonathan Taylor Thomas. <3 SO cute.
playing now=]
Hanging out with the cutest baby ever
LOL... I think there are a lot of closeted sim players.
Indeed! Seconding the thanks.
Shoe shopping with my fiance ugh!
Of course my phone decides to freeze the minute my boyfriend's name to walk accross the stage! I'm soo proud of you babe!!!!!!!!
Hey text me back please
You deserve it! You are doing a great job! :-)
But seriously, Its a pretty awesome gift. Ally did great. :]
RT! Excited to announce date of next #CNNDialogues April 18th w/ speaking on #Poverty in
follow back?:)
was thinking of going to the #Burgh tonight. but no one will tell me whats going on.
Check out the March 2012 Vet Dek! WWVC just released our ad for spring! Also take a look at The Veterinary Practive Journal page 74! Thanks
Breaking News: The GOP's desperation pick, Herman Cain plans to dry clean his suits this week.
Listening to tyga in p.e. >>>>>
He has Alzheimer's. There were heartbreaking moments, while others were filled with pure joy. There was a lot to take in.
Latest offender? Passwords must be between 6-10 characters and letters/numbers only. REALLY? What is this, 1997?
The flower pushes up and up, working, wondering, 'How long is this going to take?' And then, in an unexpected moment, it sees the sun fo ...
btw pretty sure the guy getting a tatt at the same time was like yakuza
I have a suspicion that reads Metafilter (or is a MeFite). Which is awesome!
#FamousMamaQuote turn that off!!! You don't pay no bills!!!!! LMAO
Had to take hair done
Aww now I miss u!
What could truck drivers possibly expect from you by obnoxiously honking and winking at 70mph? Abnormal.
Are you there God ? Its me Swabbies, can you let Mother Nature know the the thermostat is stuck. Thank you.
Unfortunately I am too :(
I know when people are talking about me. It's obvious...especially when they TRY to not make it obvious. You can't fool me!
is so high she just asked and I if IHOP is still open
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Niall:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
Yes! I think he could provide a good balance of offense and defense. He also could go toe to toe with Torts in a war of words
Sustainable model of digital humanity scholarship adoptable by other liberal arts colleges
ok im gonna cook dinner and im thinkin spaghetti yumm yumm i still want some goodies i need some friends
Hey john
Be Bopped all day - teaching + NJPAC - Antrhopology - Now is the Time Vocalese - kids bopped...
I'm gonna cry <3 please check dm's!!(:
Theres a white girl in town name is cocaaayne.its some dirty boys in town gucci mane & flocka flame!
Publishing today!
The days of digging into a site to find media are over
Am I nuts looking at contracts at this hour?
For any campus/college student, a one page resume is sufficient.
I LOVE San Diego !
"Each tale in this collection is as wild and beautiful and thorny as a heart." - Junot Díaz on Yiyun Li's Gold Boy, Emerald Girl.
he's a really good guy, so there's that...
Conducted an all day media training 4 a GREAT new sports client today. Email if YOU are interested in media training
generating HTML (in perl) that renders properly in email clients including Outlook 2007. more fun than scratching own eyes out?
"uh! : shocker. : On average women say 7,000 words per day. Men manage just over 2000."
what a depresing day.sundays suck
We will let you know soon :) RT : next first Friday is May 4. I wonder what the theme may be... :)
Gentilly NOLA has half of homes back after Katrina. Recovery still needed.
I'm waiting for that beat man!
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone...but it takes a lifetime to forget someone
so is anyone else going to see tonight ?
Tally of "Merry Christmas" texts from unrecognized numbers: FIVE
F-A-I-L Fail...couldnt find u...
Man fans must be sad folks? Wait what you say? Their are no fans left! Great job Mike!!!
I'll be sure to give you plenty of discounts on women's clothing nick haha
I'm going to change a fantasy team name to this, trust it.
I am seeing #pre-fall shoes on already...
RT : Win a trip to VEGAS! For your chance 1) Follow us 2) RT this message along with 1 word that best describes VEGAS.
Nice touch #webwise, reading rainbow theme song after keynote.
Seems Netflix users would rather the company stay good at the old business (mail) than gt good at the new one (streaming).
"I used to be a JoBros fan. They dissapeared. " If you say this, imagine me giving you a cyber slap!
Just finished listening to a bunch of songs and I loved them all!!!
“: been playing around with It's like Yelp and Pinterest had a beautiful baby together.” Thanks!
fittin' to technological singularity
RT : RT : #SGATL "scrummasters encourage your team to be problem solvers not dogma followers"
I think that MTV thing we sent in might actually be for a show! Lol unless it's just an online thing
Cir. Judge Leval (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in In re: Delta Air Lines, Inc. case involving the construction of provisions in leveraged leases.
It's all about us<3
have a good weekend!! xx
Thanks, Stephan! Very much appreciate the feedback!
Definitely found my new Saturday night spot to party at. I'm not telling yall where tho. Lol
gahh. i think your close! i got section GA, row GA2, seats 194-196!
Im Kind of sleepy now.
Voting makes me angry at people.
RT : RT "Small local businesses benefit too when companies grow globally" CEO Chris Policinski tells crowd
If they make such a thing, I have been living a cruelly sheltered life.
“There’s always a wild side to an innocent face.”
thanks ! THIS sunday?
Seeking the right agent for L.A/NY
still bored
probs due to my peer editing! Lol, jk you're pretty smart. Good job!!!!! 😄👍
I wonder of the people on this bus can hear my headphones, their so loud atm
hi, I love you and I miss you. We are hanging out soon, k thanks 
Look at you 2. lol Jealous of us I see. lol It's all good. 2 each it's own huh.
This game may be an east coast rivalries, but these auto and manufacturing commercials are pure
is there a bad restaurant in SF? Think not.
oh :p
all highs no lows brobro. My b I was at the Avengers last night when you called.
seriously and my coffee isn't working!
Its easy E time
hey -- actually get to Scottsdale once a month....would be great to catch up in nyc
all good stuff. You going to warped tour this summer?
no school tomorrow. They tryna take advantage
I think someone people so fucking stupid. When I post something they just go the fucking wall with the shit.
It's only 12 pm and im in need of a glass of wine to get my thought together
Ew, little girl, your hair is dirty; go wash it!
"What is your Information diet?" asks #w2e AWESOME QUESTION!!
Ugh, I think I'm coming down with a cold..
Hi, I just wanted to thank you again for participating in the #app #giveaway! I love your #autism app! :)
thanks! :D
YES! BRASS! My inner band nerd just high-fived my inner headbanging rocker in celebration. Can't wait to have my face melted!!!!!!!
Just backed up my mom and sister's sites so I can transfer to a new host. If only I'd done the same for mine. Really kicking myself.
Have a class in Oakland til 7:30/8. How long does the celebration last? I'd LOVE to join!
John just said I'm gonna get an iPhone just for instagram and I said that's a really good idea.
Wajcman is curious as to whether cell phone tech will lead to new forms of intimacy but her paradigm is "doing family on the move"
Goodmorning my loves!
twinkilicious?! i missed that one...
are you here at sxsw? Been in bloggers lounge couple of times and hardly knew anyone
Oh my. I gotta wake up super early again tomorrow for Mothers Day Brunch at the Peabody. 😒 least there will be lots of food! 😃
nice resource page. Thank you!
it is unusual for me.
In my peach party dress, no one dared, no one cared to tell me where the pretty girls are..
pahahaha day automagically improved. thank you
let's make sure snowshoeing is included.
ok will do
thanks!! it was one of the questions we submitted
My weekend: ThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesis!
Really? come on, its 2012. Niqqahs need to grow up. smdh!!
I'm the kind of person whose kindness is mistaken for flirting. ♥
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on in tomorrow and receive any two TOP SHELF grams for a $30 donation!!
Well if there had been a Celtics logo on those kicks, i would have "C"een the pic in a more positive light.
Welcome back
OMG 20 MILLION Followers!!! LOVE YOU JB
I can't believe how comfortable these Bose AE2i are. Only downside is, I wish they went a tad bit louder.
we will look into this for you if you provide the route#
Fixin' to go to bed. Goodnight, tweeters. :)
My fan page you 'like' at the top, my personal you send a friend request. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PATTIE!!!!!!
I was shooting for a similar % with my Bills but couldn't quite pull it off.
BEST NIGHT IN AWHILE!!
Thanks for following me!
That happened to me today, too! Only replace Quiznos with Falbo bros! Good thing I'm not evil and thieving...
Call me if you get some time, I'm here all day
word. you listened to ? that's my fam
My dad passed away this morning, just 45 days after mom. He couldn't live without her.
Lefty is headed to #NN11 come visit me at booth 706 and get yours!
Emory U. Dr. Monica Walker: Listening to music at age 7, doing crossword puzzles (not 60 or 70) forestalls dementia.
WELL IF THEY DIDN'T MAKE FIFTY MILLION QUIZZES, I WOULDN'T BE FORCED TO TAKE THEM!
whats up with your depression?
LA Font should be around 11pm. Hope that helps! :)
Sadly, yes...
how's it feel to know I had to pretend the 4 ball was an 8 ball so we could keep playing bc u suck so bad at pool
I'm not sure mobile devices need to be in daily instruction. I would rather not use tech to simply use tech.
"TORNADO DRILL!! HOWEY'S HERE!!"
ha, but that's just four hours before i wake up
the tool with the sunglasses
I like you... You like me... Do you make a move? No. ._.
My cuticles are rebellious and unruly. It's a constant battle with them.
Usually I jump right outta bed, but these last few days, that hasn't been the case.
I'm glad we get to foot the $16 mil bill for this circus...
Next game starts soon. Once we have 1000 members we will increase rewards :-)
happy I can tell my daughters that we *can* see women play pro soccer! Now, when will play at Century Link field?
Thanks for the #FF!
okay im would not waste your time i have some heat you have to trust me on this for real
oh no your signed book got ruined?
Words Of Deliciousness: Roasted Vegetables
Edible apps: INRFOOD for ingredients reveal, FOODUCATE for nutrition scores. Books: Pam Corbin's Preserves, At Elizabeth's Table, Plenty.
Enjoy your Sunday with the ones you love. Remember, tomorrow is not promised.
R.I.P. Junior.
I'm watching #GossipGirl with !
Heading out a great outing at Ironwood to benefit Little Sisters of the Poor. (cc )
right back at you! ALWAYS a fun time with you.
#goodtimes with old friends
what's happened? Yet again ive missed it!
Shes great on the piano but she sucks on the organ
Name this Movie Quote: "Gets down to what it’s all about, doesn’t it? Making the wrong move at the right time."
so rude
My favorite is the Turkish get-up. Because it's called the Turkish get-up.
did you burn any couches or flip over any cars?
I like your work on deviant art. Thanks for the follow on Twitter. Now following back.
This must not include VUMC food. re: #Vanderbilt dining services ranked 6th among USNWR Top 20 schools.
Dam they took both of my wisdom teeth out
it always rains on my drive home :(
haha you a mess
stop it! Minicamp starts today! We can always make fun of DallASS fans or give WASH fans seizures over their QB controversy
my baby sis got her ears pierced. going to be putting before and after pics soon. (:
Spent the last hour playing with my stage lights. Going to be a lot of fun the next few stage shows. :)
I want something i don't have it, when i finally get it i don't want it. -.-
Sitting in the library next to one of the loudest mouth breathers in the universe.
Those old-school dense neighborhoods you like and want to re-create? Built before the emergence of planning as discipline, mostly
remember that time I did my impression in tinychat?
If you ever think you're crazy, watch #preppers on the history channel. Chances are, these people are worse.
Eating Chicken Adobo with Babe (;
We Need HELP! we would truly appreciate it if you would follow us at www.twitter.com/sunsetimusic and www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
Chillin at the space, my fingers are itching to play.one more hour till shred time.
": Man I see dos pacers like damn man Bosh iss da Goddamm indiana pacers" 😒 she needs to quit.
has unhappy tutors who want more hours for spring than I have budget for.
Also, it would be interesting to see the difference in tv ratings if Game 1 of the world series was tonight vs Heat/Celtics...smart move MLB
RUT Hockey is wishing you a Good Sunday!
Who's the goofball that didn't wear a jacket today? This guy.
Peanuts are an acidic food. Almond butter and sunflower seed butter are excellent alkaline alternatives!
1Co 16:13 Watch! Stand fast in the faith! Be men! Be strong!
Putting on varnish coat #2. We're getting there!
Were you able to get them?
It's like I gain a whole month on everyone else by not filling out a bracket.
Keep dat hungry mind set
well my laptop is a pretty hot piece of equipment.... ;D
yes she is. Hah
lol no. and i dont think id even like that.
Thank you for the posts. Love to see some pictures. Dana Law San Diego
our plans are similar. Mine is to marry a pro athlete...NFL preferably, but I'm an equal opportunity dater.
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw u eating eww :(
I can't wait till I'm old enough to forget all the dumb stuff I did when I was young.
IHOP steak omlete, whole grain & nut pancakes with butter pecan syrup...need I say more?
yesterdays event was amazing I performed once again... pictures coming up soon.
Why do the #sabres always have a hard time with Atlanta/winnipeg? Humbug.
check out that velocity couplet on that Medford, OK tornado!!
A person can look real talk real act real n at the same time be real fake smh
Thanks cupcake. I love you high as the sky (:
We are forever researching better techniques and products that provide quality results for a lower cost to our customer.
not true. They are 1-4 when scoring first
cooking is as easy as reading and following instructions.
Actually, the message said, "Hi, this is Judge-Executive Voegele over in Oldham County calling you." #googlevoicefail (2 of 2)
Just met with the Vision McMillan Partners team for a "deep dive" into their proposed transportation plan. They gave me at least 2 or 3 mins
#Giants. On the road. NFC Championship. Overtime. It's like déjà vu all over again.
goodmornign lexi have a great day i love you <3 :)
Floridians. STOP walking in front of my truck!! And for the love of god.. at least try to hurry.
I love Gun Stores.
that means your probably tall. Or your parents are little people.
I'm super stoned. I wanna tweet stuff about how awesome of a childhood I had
Hehe I look like a wet dog with my natural hair
Will announce QBM vendors soon- who's excited?
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers
Gimmicky, absolutely, but the Google Maps 8-bit skin speaks directly to my late-80s Dragon Questing soul.
Early Registrations For The 16Th Annual MLK Grande Parade-Houston Are Being Accepted..For More Information Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
#What's a #guy #gotta #do #to #get a #couple #more #followers?
Take a moment and remind yourself of your goals. Is what you're doing right now getting you closer to them, or moving you further away?
Sells out faster every year! Also, the lineup this year blows last year OUT OF THE WATER. Awesome!
It's the final day of Showcase rehearsals !
Thanks for the heads up about that page!(:
Guys are stupid and that's that.
I wanna go where everyone goes, I wanna know what everyone knows.
Guys who can rock the messy hair look >>>
Realize you made a mistake, don't you think for a second you can come back to me.
cable I WANT cable and on demand and then while I'm at it: 50 million $$$ thank you!!!
Do you plan on implementing collaboration tools at your business?
I would rather go to public school then be home schooled 1st u have a lot of work 2nd u don't meet new ppl 3 I like meeting new ppl
being able to speak different languages is awesome!
I haven't heard of it. Please tell me more!
any word on when remote access for comcast customers will be turned on?
I'm not wrong? That's a day.. Its the YEAR 2012, of illuminati
smh my cousin was playing on my phone and he reported you as spam. That lil fucker
i was born with this hair , if i see one string .. somebody gone be fuckedddd up !
had a weird dream last night that the middle east was in turmoil
Spoke to #SDSU tix office. BB season tix going through roof! Possibly no reserve tix left before season starts. Better hurry.
had me ctfu! Today : ) , gottah love her
Today was a good day
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #scdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
great #Packers buzz! I felt the wrath of your superb Kevin Greene voice.
can't stop picturing that guy high fiving himself every morning
watching nip tuck repeat
Inadvertently had mediocre sushi for lunch today. Still annoyed by that.
Hilarious ride with Clyde and pooh bear
Difficult travel last night. Weather at BWI. flight cancelled. Amtrak to dc. Metro to pentagon. Hilton shuttle to Alexandria.
So funny, I am having a Beyonce/Destiny's Child fest today. 62 tracks on repeat/shuffle.
That's fascinating and I would imagine a little frustrating?
We Love Our Demi :D
KARMA a bitch so I fucked her!
I love you and !! we need to have skype video chat soon. txt me :)
oh please! I prob don't know either. Lol
Thanks for the kindess. Y'all rock.
dude no way you're getting some ink What are you permanently putting on your body? xD
I still want some jerk chicken
Haven really thought about him today...
Yikes - rendering issues with site using IE7 .. Believe I have it somewhat functional at the moment.. Sorry about that!
Do the two laps around the track one!!!
No problem! I love your bbq and stop by whenever I'm in the area.
if you do end up leaning toward a MBA, wait, cause a new one will be out soon. Cc:
RT Your destiny is too great to let anyone keep you from moving forward. Choose to forgive and live free.
good man. Looking forward to this week. U? New place?
I'll go if you need a ride I'll drive you.
Talkin bout an athletic family, them Jones brothers is somethin else
omg, lucky! D:
Join CMHE for “Connecting Mind Body Health: Finding Wellness Through Complimentary Medicine” April 28, 2011 www.texashumanities.org.
What up? Unfocused meaning they offer amazing beer but it seems not in tandem w/evolving menu, nor as accessible.
Fuck you burger king
so when do I see your face?
Glad to reach another milestone! Random winner will be announced tomorrow. Thanks for all the support #GEEBZ fans!!
Thank you for participating in Chocoholic! You all rock!
Yeah for Criminal MInds coming in on this list. Goes to show that there are alot of people that love this show as much as we do, and CBS
#middleschoolmemories having the closest group of friends ever. we've grown up and grown apart, but i still love all you girls. :)
« "One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals." -Michael Korda»
It's funny how tweets about NASCAR, but he won't explain why he said women should be treated like they have mental illnesses
I love you. But I don't like you.
Spoke w/ "Mile High" Mike Alvarado's camp this afternoon. "We'll keep you in the loop" regarding 7.14.12 fight vs JMM
def great dinner and champagne other than that unsure
absolutely. It can't be something you tackle alone, although you can always be the starting point for change.
I just wanted to say hello from Colorado :)
WOW! I'm a bit of a hand guy and you've got a gorgeous specimen there!
Time for the season finale of Downton Abbey on
Super happy for #Tiger Woods' regaining his winning ways!
Juan Monaco wants this!
On the agenda for one meeting this afternoon and then....off to
love that movie
Yes i'll put on a show! ;) RT : sexy can i visit you at work , while you sliding down the pole , no panties no shirt ?
How did I get so drunk?
U have a problem w JES Its unfair for u to eliminate him based on your personal feelings instead of his talent SHAME ON U!
#futureready Hope new ed.plan grants every child virtual portfolio/1:1 Support kids as creators/college material/innovators
2 extraordinarily brainy, witty women, on 1 show, tomorrow night! PLUS = Genius overload!
bought a bag of chips but got half a bag of air instead... thanks popchips
yes! RT I wish dj drama would relax w/ all that talking and those dry jokes on mixtape now
vet clinic, just saving lives you know. Nbd lol
watch it Mr! YES, you can do many things with your mind. Positive thinking my friend! Trust me- I've made it this far. right?
yes i'm sad lexie gone thats jacced up
You have no idea how mad I am.
hey Markie, what's up buddy?
Rookie Mistakes.....smh
I hold a B.S. degree; Related courses - Oral Communications; Survey of Mass Media; Introduction to Radio / TV; Elementary Radio Productions
yeah I'm mad!
was this written by the girls in my seventh grade class?
Come celebrate Fenway's 100th Anniversary with us today! We'll be giving away a FREE Pool Party to every 100th guest that comes in!
just found my ticket to showbiz lol that ugly chick from the movie bridesmaids works out at my gym
I'm rooting for Eli this time just because Tom Brady wins too much. #SUPERBOWL #NFL ELI! Brady needs to be sacked more...
Happy birthday to me. And my birthday buddies. #party! #cakeparty :) xx
yea, wet dreaming!!!! lol. J/p Luh ya boo!😘
I've only used Goodreads. Don't remember how I ended up there. Q8
Have some very special people at PLAY tonight. Let's make it a night for them to remember!
A co-worker of mine was late getting back from her lunch break. We asked her, and she said that a guy she had left with at the start of h...
Niall and Ohhmydirection is trending ?? What??
#savektru RT : I hereby disown my alma mater, sir. not a dime. ever again. you're dead to me.
is there luggage storage in AMS airport if I leave to see the city on a 12hr layover?
ha! You better believe it!
"Draw Something": does it have staying power? Definitely the hot game of the week. My FB friends playing it seems to double daily..
Doing good! Have a great Friday!
nah I seen that but my son had his first video shoot today..I rented out shea middle school for em.. video was dope
just had a conversation with shhelby about how takes FOREVER to text back!
You can text your vote too! Send 101861 to PEPSI (73774) from your mobile phone! Thanks for supporting these talented troops!
The tax on cigarettes and alcohol don't really do much good. They help tax money, and at the same time hurt families. They're not needed.
Nice HR today!
#LilTwistIsBoss Becausee he hass SWAG & he has more Girls then you could ever Dream about getting !
“: Canceled flight last night, missed my half today. #runchat” where were u supposed 2 run?
love every time i feel james move
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
:) RT : This looks delicious! Now just get Steve to make this for you!
A special shout out to the 2012 Philadelphia Team known as The Stepchildren and captain John Daskilewicz.
Where is the queens sxsw footage????? Anyone?????
#FF great people and influences
RT "I am hoping this year the #HHAwards are catered by Jumbo Slice." -the lovely ladyfriend
do you know What time the monsignor Martin final fours start tomorrow
are you doing the schooling show on Saturday???
im free to do whatever i want
everyone has prom pictures and stuff up... and i'll be putting up pictures from bamboozle
Grand Champion Steer went for record-breaking $112,000
“: In 2020, it will be 4/20 for a whole month.”
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We're so thankful and lucky to have such great (and good looking) supporters and friends, fuck yeah yall rule!
TOMORROW NIGHT: film screening of "Call & Response", a documentary on the reality of human trafficking, in the Heights Room at 7PM
Just woke up and my socks are missing. Omfg!? I hate when this happens aha.
Ah.... though Windows Speaker properties said I was set to 5.1.. Creative Sound Console was set to 2.1... fixed that.. now I gets my BAAASSS
Oh ik what's going through ur mind right now....
it seems like you dont care anymore :/
and I were crushed to learn that Tex's Cactus Ranch is no longer serving brunch. Boo www.foodfightinc.com
Who remembers what today is?!?!
ah, you mean Country Breakfast. They pinch ran for him in the 8th
its so good...... So good. Idk what the controversy was all about that shit was incredible.
Thanks for the RT, darlin'. How are you?
hey gurll Ikr! We diffently have to talk more!! :D
: Nice. Feel free to plagiarize the living daylights out of that thing whenever and for whatever purpose.
Got my letter from HKUST this morning and I'm going to Hong Kong for the Summer!
way to come through tonight T Clutch! Beast mode! I'm out.
Dying in brophaloafff practicing dance till I die
Free poster and pin as well!
u still sulking?
RT "I am filled with good ideas and good memories" - Lucy (my 3 yo niece)
where you at?
Who do u think should play Christian and Ana in "50 Shades of Grey?" My vote is for Ian Somerhalder and Amanda Seyfried. Debate is on...
Welcome, so happy to help. “: GINORMOUS shoutout to my friend , who just pulled me out of a floundering tech issue!"
your bids are ready sir.
I Had an amazing time tonight with watching her sing to me and swing her pretty hair and seeing her smile. I loved it all.
On my way to cheapjacks gonna strangle me!!! 😁
everybody working for the weekend
I mean, we have our nuts on the left, but you don't see serious candidates catering to the "bush planned 9/11" crowd.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Hate when a dept reports work done when it wasnt. More frustrating-when it's a whole neighborhood. Yes, I actually check
First Soy Nog of the Season! Yay!
tired myself...ugh. I need a vacation.
Something tells me Dan will be pretty busy with Beer Week stuff then!
Family Style small plates? Who knew? Plus, thanks for calling us the small plate pioneer. I almost broke my arm patting myself on back :)
I cannot express in words how much pleasure #applecider brings into my life. :) Lol thought 's sentence was funny so I borrowed
What Movie?
My brand of Feminism doesn't demonize heterosexual masculinity. The goal is equality, not superiority.
Awesome. Let us know when you find one. RT : Scouring the net for Jack Hoffman ringtones.
Yikes how bout all these white ladies wearing "Navajo" prints
Blahh I know that already... I guess you just had a lot of transfer credits Nevermind lol
In good spirits! 2 year anniversary today:-)
It's all thanks to the work of our PCs! RT : thank you for the good work you do!~
Our office admins are transitional housing clients of First Step Staffing. Will contact you to schedule w Kwanza.
Exercise bikes/core workouts here I come
#Secret from the vault #2: One of our Extreme Dads likes to watch Kardashians and other bad reality tv! he he he
Had a tough day.... Hope tomorrow is better!
My mom is the best! Shes a tough cookie!
Today in 1987, I Just Can't Stop Loving You (Michael Jackson with Siedah Garrett) was a hit.
Might be Taking my Talents to Florida
The First Friday Juerga starts in a few hours! See you at Solo Flamenco!
Hi Jim, I tried to message you but it said you have to follow me for me to message you.
Thanks!! Means a ton coming from you.
/// Ha......I lost 3 followers. I guess they were Laker fans.
Headphones? Check. Going for a long walk!
hack me i bored?
Teehee! Mujer, I can't wait!
particularly to those who need to go to school. And this is why there are an increased number of people
Adorable! Happy Birthday Sweet Lillian ;-)
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
Give It Time Despite a tough postseason, tt's too early to write off Russell Westbrook.
No amount of coffee can keep me awake rite now :/
when will my reflection show, who I am inside.
If goes to Den will care. RT Classic A.J. Smith on Peyton's next destination: "I don't know, and I really don't care"
He want me ta call him ; unmmmm
relaxing & laughing.
your picture is in the newest edition of Las Vegas Weekly!
Watching Dance Moms with my sis this director is crazy! #doesshedance?
I'm really bored so I'm gonna do random stuff on here
DO NOT GO :'( i'll see you at school tomoroww :) x
I need a real fucking man not a lil boy
my friends yelled at me for giving my mum an early mothers day gift but they dont knw that she wont be home tomrow..dont judge if u dont knw
thanks for the retweets!
What just happened?
Thanks for the follow Wendy!
Got the job! Starting Monday. Back to getting up early lol
I just got so much accomplished during my run and still managed to stay under an hour
Yeah me neither I'm okay for like an hour or so them I'm right back at it!
Another night, another sortie. Good work by my wingman Fig.
ugh... i like both Louis and Bubba... both should win - can they just split the green jacket? just kidding. =0)
haha that face :P do you enjoy making thousands of girls swoon when you post a silly picture of yourself? Of course you do ;)
The truth comes out alittle at a time.
Well, did you?
idk what it is, but twitter needs to get it together.. or we will have some problems.. lol
Inter-state snack exchange has been mailed.
im just saying i wish you were more appreciative, thats it
good god. I was really set on an upset..........
lol just workin in the studio with a new producer. its gonna sound so awesome! what bout you?
see when it is and are we going this time
So we did the drawing for the $50 gift card to Jakes Restaurant and the winner is - Congrats Joe
Hahaha! Awww, that's sweet. You're pretty impressive too boi. {smiles}
"Ready Or Not" will change lifes
Good stuff! MT Help us choose a winner! Visit www.ontargetsite.com to check out some branding work & vote 4 On Target's logo
HE'S UGLY. :O
I'll tell you about her when I get back. She's something special.
It is cold as hell in ATL and hell is suppose to be hot
'Magic Mike': At EW's photo shoot
Get at for beats
My new motto is ... Peace , Be Still
I heart falafel! You better believe we will be stopping if we are anywhere closeby. Thanks for the insider tip.
“: Positive cash flow means you don't have confidence in your business model. #valuecreationonsandhill” : True story, haha!
#cwebodymedia Christine is a mom and was a competitive ice skater into her 30's!
AIG sells tokyo real estate for $1.8 billion.
yayayay you should fill it out ASAP if you wanna do it!!
welcome back sunny weather just for you!
Email me at
going to the dinosaur exhibit akslfhsox c:
Do you have friends that have never heard of GEMINI? If you answered "yes"...that's a shame. Take a second and address that issue. LOL
we're hitting tonight at red kiva with tix are only $10!
i will tell you that you are not on my mind as i go out to a table set for two.
1st major league hit is a 3 run go ahead bomb off Papelbon in the 9th. Enjoy it big fella
Talent is overrated
kallie's wearing a white dress in honor of this!
Pretty little liars season finale tonight!(:
#kindlefire initial review - not a bad device, not quite a small #iPad, but close enough, bit heavier than I prefer, plenty responsive tho
great game Justin!! On to San Fran! Go Big Blue!!
The best music is yet to come
No it's called an iPod
Missed it. Rats : 3 hours until the Farmer's Market! Happy Healthy Hump Day!!
Me and my girls; yep, we're tight like spandexx.(: haha,
don't hate the player, hate the game
$25 menu Butter braised tokyo turnips Tagliarini with basil, pine nuts and fromage blanc Almond cake with whipped cream and rhubarb
Hard day today. FT job + writing = tired!
I kno I kno I kno we're gona make it ....I promise you...lol >:D
dont forget to come stop by while you are in town!
I'm glad you understand me
In San Francisco for the night and loving it!
wanna go to cedar point?
Did he make it?
That's the truth. ": if you don't cry you're heartless :'("
Greek yogurt with chopped almonds, honey and cinnamon. Hit the spot!
Not at all. Honored to be quoted! :D Thx, Ned!
Just landed fresno One Word hot!
2 years all u bitches will c what the fuck is up!
kicking must be pretty cool!
Bands performing this year - Y3K, Reno Jones, The Night Doctors & Hot Flannel(formerly Old School the Band)
Morning Indra! How are you & mum? I'm heading to Jacksonville, FL for a conference today. Long drive ahead.
Thanks to our new followers: , , , , , ! Hope you can join our next event!
Look for upcoming tweets on where to find our Prince Royce interview & we'll be posting pictures of the event coverage. Don't miss it!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!)
Guy beside me orders salmon. Like reverse Febreeze. Entire place smells like a wharf. Ugh.
Why pull Lucroy in this situation? Please don't burn us George
Nikola Pekovic named 3rd Most Improved Player in the NBA! Go Timberwolves!
“If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed.“ Mark Twain
testing out
Regular meeting tonight at 8 pm on Leavey 3. Who's excited?
Dr. Green started a health info website for parents. Developed a health intelligence form to address common questions.
I know what you mean!
hey im not hating it haha saves me from any awkward moments that may have occured
Lives are changed when the Gospel is exposed.. & NOT when we try and legislate morality. We have got to learn that..
I think I accidentally unclicked!! Following again!!!
I'm an aye!
There is more to life than increasing its speed. Gandhi
I'm there!!
One more day!!!!
sounds good, can't wait!
You try so hard and all you do is get slapped in the face
you crazy haha
I'm hearing some nice buzz about it. Congrats.
#USAToday #highered reporter looking for college students who have tried the #ipad. Send me comments and contact info via direct message.
end of march
60-90's music >>>> today's music.
Lol RT They must be doing what they always do: fact-check, independently confirm, and carefully craft a sensitive headline.
12 more days until the Sidewalk Sale and Children's Book Giveaway ! Saturday, April 28th 12-5
It's one of them nights 😥
Just educated 300 4th and 5th graders on the importance of reading labels
most definitely! your welcome. xoxo.
Seem to have caught my sweater on fire......
demi , you are such an inspiration .
Thank you for the mention that is very nice of you! Hope things are going well for you :-)
wow! Congrats on the engagement and internship. So happy for U
The humidity in Seattle is making my hair curl. It's like my inner Jew-fro is trying to break free.
just saw Sue Ward on a CHC commercial. Said "I am a Cardinal". Guess not when she was teaching us Physics.
Well said.
Mars Volcanic Glass May Be Hotspot for Life
Bryzgalov made a great glove save, but he is still shaky. #Pens need to keep foot on the gas. #Flyers are not fazed by this 2-goal hole.
love Spotify, but have you ever considered playing a TED talk? I'd say your Inc Live chat... But wouldn't work for you.
anyone know of an online tool to create SEM path diagrams that are as easy as LISREL? (i.e., point & click) (yes I realize it's Fri night)
nahh i didnt for get about u lmao(: message me 4 my address
Rule Crafts Art amp Crafts Ep1IntroducingFt FaZe Mozey - clip art cowboys
was his first cop Concords or Chicago X's? Haha maybe it was red foams???
So afraid it's gonna end now....
Stuntin all on my old dude styling on you hater 😜💃💃🎶🎵🎶
So I figure I will marry the $$$$$$$
thanks for the follow!
- Hi - we're putting together a girl's getaway - we're talking about it - alot on facebook - please come and find us....
oh yes, i fully support that decision!
Hungry stomach in rush hour traffic = bad idea! Fill up on delicious food at value prices at Happy Hour instead!
small ears thanks for snagging the coupon yesterday.
when you go to Japan
I love you baby <3 <3
you know you love me! ;)
Alright guys, lets get me to 500 followers!
thinks work is for people who don't know how to fish!
Do you get a free cup of soup with those unis? #looksgoodonyouthough Points given for originality...I guess
enjoying last day of an exhausting but exciting GDC... didn't realize I could walk so far or meet so many people
thank you. :D
thank you! best of luck in your search.
Inspiring words for Latinos by ABC's John Quinones at #USATODAY-sponsored session at American College Personnel Association in Boston
We look a little cray cray! ;)
"The status quo is the only solution that cannot be vetoed. "-Clark Kerr
Of course! We still fondly remember our visit with you guys at beginning of plan DC. Look forward to catching up...
Marchesa on Viola Davis is stunning!!
Marry The Night by: has been in my head all day!
Alright! Nice article Tim. Best of luck with the grant
Most definitely, which perhaps motivates my urge to send people to it so the Landmark will keep it around another week.
gonna need to see this...
Thanks for the RT, be well!
"We have the power to shrink our dreams to fit reality or the power to stretch our reality to fit our dreams"
Excited for 's New Year's party tomorrow!
hahahaha it was useful when I was young, get over it.
I Can Always Bribe My Big Brother With Powder Donuts. (;
CAN'T CONTAIN MY CREYS HAHAHAH
DAMN!!! what the fuck did you do!????
Goodnight....sleep well
Same here, but with potato chips and Bones. :-)
Oh Baby Oh Yeah Yeah Aww Talk Back Hand Ups Radio On With My GirlFriend Just Us Playing Our Song. Then Yeah aint nothing like a summertime
I love being in the Magic City!
Yeah i loved it! Hey check my FB, the poster for Stolen is out.
Junior Seau&#39;s Death Ruled Suicide: Autopsy ... - The Huffington Post
moving now
If I had a cock this is where id tell you to suck it -Betty White
Drinks with my family on the deck 💚
is spot-on honest and hilarious. Nobody expects other shows to be everything to everyone, so
Thanks to those who share life's intimacies: pain, joy and confusions
I can't stand when folks say to make a long story short cuz clearly they can't.
Very true RT : Jealousy is nothing more than a lack of self confidence, remember that bitch.
Now I'm starting to think this was a mistake.
omg as soon as i read embarass the crap out of them i couldnt stop laughing. hahah
lol I did, a girl has to pamper herself sometime lol
bored than a mutha work was alrite could have went smooth.
me too!! Wish I had an occasion...
Damn, an ICE agent killed by his 14 year old son... with his gun! smh
We are now averaging 1 feat of strength less than every 2 minutes.... thank god we love wine!!!
Yes it is. We haven't talked in ages. How are you???
cook'n mc's like a pound of bacon!
Cheese Louise, it's windy.
": Feet are gross. I don't even wanna touch my own."
WHAT?! Blasphemy. 5 p.m. at Fado works. See you then!
I can't stand how some people act like their all sweet but in the end their just as fake as barbie.
I've been alright, very moody. But besides that fine
This will hopefully be a lazy Saturday highlighted by a trip to the dry cleaners...
A4: Willingness to collaborate with others outside newsroom, including other news orgs, institutions and foundations.
remember when you got 2 ice creams at carousel?
The president that has incarcerated and deported more #undocumented workers and parents in all U.S. history.
WalMart can use social media to reinvent itself by partnering with social media stars like Ashton Kutcher and the First Lady.
Thanks for following! Hope you enjoyed your time in the D!
yeah , no jk it's just a joke & oh ok I'm gonna text ya
I can't wait till schools over
Zaina is right by my apartment, I love that place!!
Okay, you convinced me :) I'm gonna need more flour though...
Baby show me what it is.
Tonight: The healing and inspirational sounds of Amber Field. LIVE in class. YES <3
JTrek Daily Tip: Park in areas that are well lighted and busy. Try to park close to your destination.
Othello, the sequel? interview at 7:20 am with Saturday Light Brigade at www.slbradio.org
you were so close! We were seats 17 & 18.
hell yea I am !
where in those tweets did I say I hate my life? No I'm blessed. I cut because its a pain reliever. Only Jackie understands.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavinSex bump n grind
Okay , enough horsin' around xP haha , insider :)
What a fabulous group of NY cool biz <shop great paints <cool <like <discount
Knowledge is power especially when it comes to a ruling in a tournament. Learn the basics & find out what rules they are operating by.
sounds good!
: Today (Thursday) / Friday | Would you suggest a good timeframe for us to chat? I'll call you...
‘Unlimited’ Site Licenses! The affordable Music ICT Lab solution from NOTION Music. Email for more info…
not fast enough
Hello from the city of Portland. Thanks for the follow on Twitter
Literally speechless right now
After getting home from work, I cut the grass and went to softball practice. What a day.
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty the bloods and the crips are here...its time to leave
Amaretto in Full; Speak, Campari; Goodbye to Sazerac; The Beautiful and the Brandy
Wing Night tonight,if you need another fixin. $5 for a dozen. Comedy Open Mic Night at 8pm. Laughs and $2.50 Yuengling Drafts.
We hope you can make it! We're going to make some sweet masks for Halloween.
Did you see the last 5 4 quarters for LeBron? Yeah he averaged about 10 per 4th.
It was a shame that Brawn, the 2nd strongest Transformer, was the 1st to go in the cartoon film.
Seeing ”Think like a Man” so excited for This.
Who are your hunk co-hosts next week. How about getting Malcom Gets (Bdwy/TV star) to co-host -- He's in NYC & he's such a cutie!
Yes! RT : A2:Have patience and listen with an open mind and heart, it will arrive when you are ready.
My brother is jamming out to #peacock right now... I've never been so proud :)
We are hiring at my sams club get on it.. (Apply @ the location)
Feels so good to be the only school in the country that has this whole week off . #DoralAcademy you really nailed it this time.
Oh...forgot...they were out of ribs so I had crab cakes instead. A soul food place out of ribs? Not good. Still...
Engineering tours full, dozens heading to earthquake Sim at #ubuffalo Science Day
OK, good to know (the poster looks super creepy) as I just bought my tickets =)
I can see the Sideways comparison too, which is strange b/c I think FSM & Sideways are very different
Love C25K! Keep at it! I've never been a morning runner, but I love a run in the evening :)
lol it was on the trailer for What To Expect When You're Expecting.
I don't really get what were supposed to do for the wild card city?
Just doing some maintenance to get ready for this year's fest! If you have any specific questions, feel free to send our way!
Today spent the afternoon doing my other passion: decorating! Great day!
Victim of accident is 11-year-old Alexander Katsaros Police said impairment with alcohol or drugs is believed to be a factor.
Just tracked dump for your project, i have a few more tracks that fit what your looking for.
Thank you! Perfect!
Tonight at Varsity Bar! Extreme Heat at 9pm, $5 cover, ladies free! $1 Lonestar, Ziegen, and Pearl. Free parking at University Coop w/cover.
Smokes up, my friend!
Go home, come back to school, finish this paper and work out
RT : "This set is like a kangaroo on its bday: in da pocket," about the
Congrats to the Bulldogs. Sorry I couldn't make it in time AG. Next week's schedule?
is an imposter
NICE JOB! Super glad Walker won. You deserve it.
SO EXCITED
Week that Was Game: YOU vs. Tommy. 222-6000
bout to get weird in Scottsdale tonite
Happy to hear it. Thanks!
I wish I had a talent.
what up Kim?? Hola! C ya Sunday?? Hope soo!!
FLYCANDY is the Leader in E-Mail Marketing! Reach Over 100,000 Inboxes when you advertise with FlyCandy
Any other songs worth checking out that are similar to headlines and over ?
Yes! Please follow her! and, if you're feeling super nice, follow me too and make my life!!!!!!!! :-) <3
RT : Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life.
RT : The Best
Austin is beautiful
RT : AMEX Fraud Department assumes every charge is fraudulent. Membership has its privileges, I just can't figure out what they are.
lmao. RT : See heres the thing about 90% black (hood) crowds, ALL of em rap so they got the poker face on the WHOLE time
that makes no sense
Party after the party with right now behind beamers
#whendiditbecomecool that you had to spend $$ to make $$? What if I told you of a way to advertise for nothing. No really, I'm serious.
thats what online info gave me. went by symptoms. oh ya me! even looks like pics i found of it.
These damn mosiqitos bit the shit out of my legs this past weekend =\
ahh, well its HOT either way...
how do you meet so many celebrities?
That one person you love spending time with
When it's good, it's good. But when it's bad, it's all bad.
As Betty White says, "getting old is no game for Sissies." lol
Really? I disagree with both points. But I also think it isn't meant to be taken too seriously.
Timberview got beef... oh they probably didn't understand that. ¡Timberview tiene carne de res!
Woke up still feeling off kilter. Hope this workout helps me get it together. Hugs to for the late night empathy & direction
you need to fucking learn your girl has friends
11:30 i think. well im going to be there at 10:45
I'm sorry to bother you. Will u do a book signing n Orlando? If not, I'll buy u dinner here in town.
Tonight is gunna be a
Well if you insist :D Thanks for thinking of me Joel. I'm gonna take a bit of blogging break for my anniversary day though.
": If ur standing near me in South Beach... U having thee best time of yo muthafukin life!!!!"
..Thursday Again? Say its so, say its so!!
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 4
thanks. I don't know actually. I'd love to know what she thinks. We're buddies with Trevor and he said he really liked it.
We should put nicotine into bacon. Bacon would be more addicting then ever
same! I'm just sitting her listening to it, haha
hm shape up
:P im gonna drag my mom to take me lol or tomorrow i miss school and have my dad take me
Just heard that the college and hospital in Creston were hit by a tornado tonight. Thoughts and prayers to my fellow Iowa tweeps!
Second wind at midnight! Lord help me
thanks for the follow! Definitely could use some tips...
hey, thanks for passing the link on!
Much congrats again on your awesome new addition to the family! :) Maile was one of the cutest pregnant ladies I've seen!
Ok...i think Parachute is my fav song on Future album
we all got them type of issues
of Course you are hunti! I'm Chillin with my favs :)
I won't be able to sleep tonight unless I find out where Bartolo Colon signed.
Seattle BMXers trashed Marginal Way skate park last night. The feud between skaters and bikers heats up again.
#SocialMedia tip #88: Take your customers top 30 questions and turn them into blog posts. Brand yourself as #expert answering your fans!
Thanks for the article, RT, have a good one!
JUST SAID DOES THE CLUB HAVE 10,000$ IN ONES $ BABES CABARET IS ABOUT TO BE OUT OF CONTROL !! .. LOL
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 12
