is sending positive thoughts to a friend of who is donating his #kidney to a stranger at #JHMI on Monday.
Are you Inspired by ? Cuz Zac is mentionned in a lot of your tweets! LOL
Yeah But Gia Is Pretty So Thats Why She Tripping
That's great news! Thank you. RT : Really enjoyed exhibit Check it out if you can!
Man, guys, the scene at the tax free DE outlet liquors is pretty bleak
What's with all the new spam direct messages on twitter today???
Feeding Baby Bitis
Snuggling with the bestfriend>
Wear pads.
Congrats to Houston Dynamo on win in new stadium. Guess this wasn't the week to trade Brad Davis off my fantasy team. lol
so are you declawed? that might make it even more difficult
damn dude, get well soon. Continue charging!!
No matter what your political affiliation, if you're not tired of the GOP yet, please don't vote this November. Or just vote Dem.
Happy Mother's Day to my wife, mom, mother-in-law, grandma, sisters, sisters-in-law & all the mothers out there! You do more than you know.
That was sarcastic sorry ;)
It's been one of those weeks...DNS server for us yesterday. SELECT ohFUCK FROM brokenCrap WHERE shitIsFuckedUp
lol I don't wait for a rough day to pamper myself I'm a woman I deserve it errday haha
you should take a shower.
Mm, should prob have dinner...
Anything for a future Buff and I'll see what I can do.
I'll start planning your Thanksgiving menu, Paula! Can't wait!! :)
Nevermind, I can't do Wednesday. =/ It's my moms birthday. We have to hang out some time next week!
We are getting ready for our service spiritual economics, Financial Peace & Prosperity in Uncertain Times
It took this for me to realize everything.
TMZ is reporting that Bobby Brown was arrested for DUI.
When someone you love hurts you, it hurts 15686030275950595589 times more than when its just another idiot
Any time!
Repainting my stub nails aw
Am i invisible to u or r u just ignoring me? but i will never give up!:P
Flipped is a great romance movie:'D
Wet Pussy Wit No Smell A Mf
Would luv 2 do vol work 4 the Symphony, but then I'd want 2 get the flute out. A VERY BAD IDEA! Haven't played in yrs & would scare the dog.
Cause one day I'm not going to be stupid .
Thanks to , I am both humble and fearless
I am restless that night, tossing and turning, dreaming of smoky gray eyes, coveralls, long legs, long fingers, and..dark unexplored places.
Junior Seau committed suicide?!
rumor touch
that's what they said
Love my Rowena flats! A tall bride's dream. :)
I'm so sore and I have a headache. :/
Open one at a time and take turns, with a cry of "rip-tear! rip-tear," if things move too slow.
When you decide to trust God, make sure you leave your emotions behind. -
oh...yeah! lol its was good!
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man. Paulo Coelho
6 days.. Please shoot your recommendations my way.
and the IRC channel is dead. Any evidence that this will change soon?
Happy Fathers Day!
I used to really like Fruit on the Bottom yogurt; but now it just grosses me out! Where did that fruit come from? Why is it on the bottom?
Some people 😡
Hit my first royal flush ever!!!! And against the second nuts! Sitting on 75k.
Don't send me #branchout requests
The worst feeling ever is seeing ur mom cry....
#ITEC11 Join us in room "I" at 4:20 for a presentation on digital media with
Up Gunner Up Arsenal..☺☺☺
maybe they can even go with denis?!
It's my kid's birthday today and I talked to him yesterday and didn't even say happy fucking birthday I seriously hate everyone so much.
GEAR GEAR GEAR GEAR GEAR
Frosted Flakes audition today!! THEY'RE GREET! LOL...
thanks for the follow!
One of my favorite days of the year is tomorrow.
I'm doomed!
Book between April 30 and May 30, 2012 and save 10%: MGM Grand Las Vegas "Save Now. Pack Later" *Now, a little pl...
Today is a day of some much needed & deserved self love pampering... Hair done #Mentored now mani/pedi. I'm #fancy huh? Lol
and I refuse to reinstall it cuz I don't wanna loose my CC. -____-
English is, I can't even speak it right haha.
am. Find a good shop. I'm getting another too.
are you flipping over to #CougarTown at 8:30?
the show? or me? LOL
My 18 month old son climbs more stairs in a day than
does anyone know about the buget and how it effects the youthin different ways in public schools in the city of pittsburgh
OH WOW! I'm SO PSYCHED. 140 characters cannot contain my excitement. I can't wait to see you!
(cont) And other song will not be accepted. Post your video on Youtube and email or tweet me the link. We have exactly 20 tickets.
RT : Sometimes an #Aquarius need to stop fearing rejection and learn to share at least part of their lives with others.
Be happy w/ whatchu got! RT : Couldn't have done this yesterday? RT BREAKING: Obama backs marriage equality
I would pay to see a movie but never a grain of grass! Hahaha
Day 49 #no coffee: Making a a pro/con list for drinking coffee.
you well your gorgeous budd (: lol I'm be voting for you 24/7
Don't be jeals. RT : I will rip your face off.
Watched on show. My favorite combination of health and food science. Please collaborate more!
haha! That's what u get for working out instead of waisting time with me!
Definitely just saw you outside of Milk Studios.. Didn't mean to stare you down lol
When companies use obvious free fonts.
awww thank you for your kind words ! :)
Kenneth Gartman and Rosena Hill both from speak on about their upcoming show Podcast v318
My tumblr page is legit.
Full cast rehearsal at 5pm. Private coaching session with talented actress auditioning for touring production. Busy and lovin' it.
100 years was played at the very end of Graduation today.
Well you are welcome to join!
okay :D followed
First u want me then talk about how u were single all year then say you wanna know #oomf more tf
I don't either truth be told.
Yepp, my aunt just got a Katy Perry cd. Happy mothers day to all
Just have fun & enjoy life!!!! :D
Finally made it to Atlanta, 5 hours later than planned. Hate that. But the bed is comfy & it's past midnite. Z...
It's me, dumb ass.
love you guys.
“: Who wanna goggle my nutt in their mouth tonite?” fuck I do babe
could you please tweet me I love you so much!!! :)
Don't let your man refer to you as his bitch... Its not a honor.. Next he'll be treating you like one
Any advice for Americans traveling to Beirut?
im finna fucking explode if she don't answer i swear to fucking god
wow its funny how you always say you gonna treat somebody but u always have to do it online
yea! Thanks I sent you a DM
:) so happy right now! Yayyyy Kings!!!
Join the #SocialMedia Speakers Series on 5/16 w/ me & ! Follow #PromoYou :)
Chateauneuf for sure!
Final read-through: 6 minutes 46 seconds. Title: "The Last Day in Atlantis" "I feel like this one is fun, if not funny."
On average, 16% of your fans will see your post. You can use ads to promote posts and reach more of your fans.
My man goin in on Mike Brown LMBOO!!! How does he ignore Kobe that long?
Got my new iPhone 4 ! It is so beautiful :)
cuz I work out girl! This didn't come naturally lol.
Follow Me Please!? 29
I know the technology behind he's concerts are amazing
It was a joke, sadly. :(
I think Itunes and Amazon are great. Are you for or against SOPA & PIPA?
How are you!?!?! Are you and still in Denver? My rents just moved there and I'm thinkin of Grad School in CO!
Band road trip all day. Just arrived in beautiful Carmel, CA. The beach and the bay. Cray cray cray.
Mortgage Rates Fall: the average rate for 30-year fixed loan fell to 3.88 % from 3.90 percent (record was 3.87%) Take that to the bank.
not much, wbu?
thanks!! which track was it?
What how did I lose 10 followers :( sad
are you sure you didn't look into a full size mirror? Haha
For once some insight on Inside the NBA lol
Forte is a beast
Packing for my journey home to #boston Loved my visit to #Dallas #Texas for the #NACWE #]Inspired Women Event
Mike Michalowicz is one of the members of our Faculty. Did you know he started his first business at 24? With no experience, no...
Great quote from an Interfaith participant: "There was nothing 'great' about the Great Depression" #olderadults # seniors
yo! It;s ur gurl Erica If u haven't followed me yet u shud follow me now and i will most deff. return the love <3
Had an amazing time worshipping in Rushville tonight.. It was a perfect night
im dying cause i hear you saying that in your fucking voice and your foot shaking and you putting your hair behind your ears
Atlanta bound real SOON!!! CAN'T WAIT TO START FRESH!!!
Really enjoyed "The Top 5 Social Media Networks" webinar with this morning! Replay available soon!!
nice freestyle Robert :) follow me?
RT : back from a CD release planning meeting with - i.e , , & - new music soon!
Knowing that tomorrow will be the last day I get to see you at school.. Ever. <<<< 😖😖😓😰😔
I'll take my winnings now. Thank you much!
Sleepy ! How was yalls day???
In the airport bar at the 2 minute warning!!
#IWannaKnowWhy you haven't made plans yet to come to for lunch or happy hour today! 1/2 off drinks 12-7 and 20$ open bar 6-9!
Exploring Paris! Hopefully heading to the louveeee!!!!
daily show - last night's debate. "I know him"
that's the hardest class for me. It's my lowest grade :(
Did you know?The gold color on the #ANC Flag represents the mineral&other natural wealth of #South Africa, which belongs to all its people!
Are we really headed for a #Kings #Coyotes WCF? I'm... a bit stunned.
Premium on Facebook starts w page post
Founding an Etsy line of embittered, sarcastic stamps for grading creative writing. Put in pre orders by replying, please.
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
i think you left your bag here..either you or tanner.
Sometimes I wish that I lived underwater, and people think I'm crazy. They still haven't noticed that swimming is my life.
Thx!If i can be of any help, . Lets empower new learning.RT I gave a nice shout out to Symbaloo at
Whose on your team? We got the sun
Just like that :)
If you don't have a good interface, your ideas will die. #Facebook understands how users use the platform based on consumer testing.
Iknowright! I sorta accidentally read the last page so I knew it was going to happen, but if I hadn't...sudden doesn't cut it
I'm over #KimKardashian. #KateUpton is my new celebrity crush :D
customer service definition
It's zombie-like at this point, right? Uh uh uh-uh-uh
« Just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38% of their ice cream.» Haha!
This organization is made up of LIARS. Promise of gift card to sign on...never honored. Called 8x's to resolve, No help !
you're on Grey's Anatomy!
that was some oldskool flava back then, they had like 2 hits but where everywhere that year.
Frozen cappuccinos= GOD.<3
Quality questions create a quality life. Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. -Anthony Robbins
Can I please get a shoutout?! :)
It's gonna be an awesome time! Beer, brats, music and tech!
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in Dallas would like to pay homage!!
So tired I just wanna sleep really tho
u are the one to judge a guy lol
I Wanna Meet You !
has he, yes? does he, no.
well this sucks. fml
Capital City Sports is your adult sports headquarters!
right know im jamming to 1 direction that what make you beautiful <333333 so far im loving it
I don't think I ever saw this pic!!! Miss yall!!!
Yay for the JEROME GRAND HOTEL getting RE-OPENED :)
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Josh Hutcherson is and forever will be very, very sexy.
Seldovia, which is by Homer, Alaska. Picture south central Alaska.
That's what I thought; just making sure. I'm still figuring out what's what when it comes to academic jobs.
Yeah we next up.
you should have ran it dick head.
I have the last 3 years. My dad has gotten them every year since they started doing the lottery.
Laptops for Kids & Teens will run from 4:00-5:30 today, due to the dance class. We hope you'll be able to join us for both!
I am so upset that I did not get down to see Dr. Weyeneth when I was in SC either! I would have loved to see the quarters
So, A Charleston Affair is underway! Greeting alumni friends at School of Business with shrimp and grits and champagne toast.
It's crazy how quickly you can fall out of love.
ha! Yes, those would be cucrabers.
I never thought I could love someone this much
That's like multiplying by a negative number, right? RT : The fake called me a douche.
where can I see them or buy it?? Please RT thanks :)
why is not loading?!
Funny thing is, only running does that to me and I love the high. Besides evil thoughts, I also think about pie a lot. ;)
I saw the #loveless story & think I can help in raising funds w/ a cell phone drive to raise $$, just an idea
You know who has a rad job? Helen Cho Love her colorful tweets from behind the scenes
Once the little one falls asleep life is better.
ew, i would never build my life around anyone else. not a child, and especially not a man.
Kick-butt personal training in Central Park this morning with the incredible Julie Fisher!!!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
On my way to San Francisco! Great times will be had.
Congrats! You won some free tea! And, it's not your grandma's cuppa tea, I promise. We know you will love it!
Thank you !
Thanks that would be very helpful. See you Sat. Some more Tribe Called Quest?
hey everyone
Wyclef's not profit YeleHaiti is asking for donation of $5 dollars by texting the word YELE to 501501.
If she's amazing she won't be easy. If she's easy she won't be amazing If she's worth it you won't give up If you give up you're not worthy.
I hate how all of my friends are brakin up or gettin dumped by there bf/gf
I am not a spambot, just following and today
We're still (always) looking for submissions of all kinds: culture essays, film and book reviews, travel, fiction. Check out our subs page!
then again , theres times where all you can do is wait . . #smh .
there's a bingo sheet? I want in.
C'mon now, we all know Shane Battier not about that life.
hall pass do u like this bro?
patient, you must be...“: the FOURce , the FOURce. where's #twitterYoda Aka when u need her?”
Great quote! : If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. ~ Mary Engelbreit
no I am spending the night at my grandparents house and going to the purdue game tomorrow!!
I was just wondering, what are you thinking of naming your baby?(: I'm sure your baby will be absolutely beautiful!:)
5-hour energy really works... Zip Zip Zippppppidy. Dragging no more.
Y u acting blind man
Thanks Corey. I think I owe you a happy belated bday. :)
My home smells FABULOUS!
Rammstein is playing at Tampa Bay Times Forum this Saturday!! Considering to go...
Girl,ur myfriend since i was 5.why u forget me since u hav bf?sadly,i wanna tell u bout love,but thats too late):
Some people are so vain, they probably think this post is about them.
I would like to say that you are the TRUTH. I enjoy partaking in your wisdom and knowledge, especially with you being so young!
<----omg just had a heart throb moment avi lol nice
Future direction for #highered #students: mobile, personalized, unbounded by time/space.
YOU HAVE THE COOLEST MAMA EVER!..i LOVE Mi TEE-TEE!...
Ha! Likewise my friend...glad to hear all is going well for you and the 11 flips ;)
Hey #sm4np! Check out , #LGBTQ teens from , using SM to educate about HIV, safer sex & empowerment!
#FF love back at you all!
Prevent, Recognize and Report! April is Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Month. Learn the signs and signals that will help you recognize
In 's household, every Tuesday is Fat Tuesday
Love that story! I bet many memories were made on that boat!
i do have one more grand child and his name is sam. funny how you forget that we all started in diapers and we will all end in diapers.
Rick Santorum, Republican candidate for the GOP presidential nomination decided to quit and end his bid to become U.S. President on Tuesday.
It's not every day you hear your mother-in-law say, "I'm glad I didn't forget my vaginal cream."
instead of multiple exercise machines inside of a gym, there should only be a ton of bedrooms to fuck in. favorite way to sweat, same diff.
Nice and you,Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber.Dont you just love Nicki's new album?Whats your fave song?
did you enjoy your voice mail from :')
When I wake up it will be time to BEACH IT UPP.
Beautiful day for #CrownRoyal race festivities. #MathewHansen with military & brand VIPs
Tributes all around!
where are you going to college?
Looks delicious! What a nice way to enjoy a Sunday...
Motto of the railway mail? "The mail must go through," a phrase that gets me through Wednesday to the weekend. :)
Game on, it'll be Rotties - Synth, Maulers - Asa when action resumes momentarily
Alright stop, collaborate and listen.
This say is going by so slow already and it's still only 6th period #killme 
outside lands - friday? you there? are there in's and outs?
I still wouldnt take that anny line.
Getting ready to put my model self together. Never strutted a runway. Could be interesting for all involved.
i'd greatly appreciate if you could explain this a little further.
Hah. I could be the first!
I'm not a fan of being wide awake when I should be sleeping and being sleepy when I should be awake!
St. Mary's vs. Salisbury!? Good one.
I just "marked as read" everything in my inbox... over three thousand mails!!
No one can take away what they haven't given you.
Consciousnesses ... Is A terrible Curse
holla at me if you dont like the mix.
People get caught up with the people they think they should be and lose sight of what they really are and what they stand for. Its so sad
Today, you were a good day. Good work everybody.
<3333 we play planet trog next month! That's pretty close!
actually I'd like to send it to my work address if that is okay on Monday.
Hope you all are having a great weekend, my best wishes to you all
When the packers lose, you get upset, when you get upset, you blow off steam, when you blow off steam accidents happen....
I feel like saying something funny but i can't omg
Thank you so much! ^.^
Dog shows seem to have replaced horse shows #litchat RT : Are horse shows no longer society events?
DailyHookahTip#141: Mix flavors together, like cinnamon-apple, apple-mango, banana-mango-pineapple, or lemon-mint.
Looking for affordable Bare Minerals cosmetics in Austin? You found us! Stop by any of our stores and experience Bare Minerals for yourself!
Thursday has to be my favorite album
I am wondering if I am crazy and liberal enough to run for the Republican Nomination for President!! Yes you read it right!!
RT Whatever Jim Dever!!!! You're The Best!!!<<<----Nonsense! Big Lo is THE BEST!!
Wish my mind had a switch... Or a zipper or something.
a girls heart is not something to play wit,its something to take care of
Pro Hoops Review is proud to announce that it will be holding its inaugural East Coast Free Agent Camp in Charlotte, NC August 6, 2011
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it is wrong
Good day at #school <3
Note on that last tweet: Most votes in Dane and Milwaukee counties have yet to be counted.
It was a great day in Downtown #Indy viewing the art at the TURF exhibit at the old City Hall.
Really really really hope man city win.
Butler is building a nice brick house tonight
Ew? Have you tried ze oyster?
7PM at Skrappy's 191 E Toole. $7. We will be supporting A Step Ahead on the last day of their tour. Come out! RT RT
Nice! We did the same for the SuperBowl. Enjoy!
Followed back. :))
Auction drafts really tell you who you like and really want!
Oh got it -- different game. :-)
I'm sorry but I think thats terrible. I'm sorry that happened to you
Latino guys have to have some of the nicest cocks imaginable. Haha, I love Texas!
Ricky just regripped his clubs. Said he loves it. I think I need to
Youkilis to begin rehab start with A Wednesday. :)
follow please? ;)
i think im better off by miself...... still w8in on this 4loko
Tonight #dogthebountyhunter is on I can not wate
I'm in love with one of my best friend's...he has a girlfriend....
RT : Be faithful unto death, and I will give you the crown of life. Rev. 2:10
If the Dolphins drop Beck, the Steelers should strongly consider picking him up as a backup or third string QB.
Tonight at 7 New life in Fair Oaks. Can't wait.
Hanging out with a bunch of 13 year old girls
Due Date with and
Its monday a new week Fresh start .. Get it right n Check out www.whoistrillogy.com
REAL HOUSEWIVES of BH tonight, Love it!
yeah....one step ahead of you prof....or maybe two ;)
Thanks for the retweet. :)
Does it count as a jinx if I RT this? RT : NO-HITTER ALERT: White Sox RHP Gavin Floyd has held the Red Sox hitless through 6.
The Dead Sea is "dead" because it has water flowing in but not out!
Laying in bed watching #bridesmaids, HILARIOUS!
working again today til about 830! Hopefully I can get out early!
Great! That's right it's earlier there. Well have a great day!
View some of your amazing "Success Stories" online at www.baldfacedtruth.org HELP US. HELP YOU.
Lets dance in style, lets dance for a while, heaven can wait we're only watching the skys -
hey you're back on the twitter!
Off to bootcamp w/ but am still sore from last week. On the way #nowplaying The Cure Fascination Street.
I think Backstrom is the one pouting at home ;^)
At my grandmas! I love her.
I will be attending CIL 2011 #CIL11 to meet data-driven librarians. Let me know if you'd like to grab coffee.
We were told our dog wasn't house-trained and he was and that was one of the reasons they abandoned him.
I gotta know you now, we may never meet again. I gotta know you now and then...
Up and running. Can you contact with more details? I'll take a look!
How's Everyone Doing? :D
you're fucking annoying and you needa go home.
“: They say for every higher high theres a lower low” Don't mix uppers and downers. I think that can kill you.
are you looking for the milky ways or are your kids!!
watching the #VSFS and so far im loving it...time to get into shape
FYI - I introduced Wiz Khalifa in 2007 to the REVIVE kids on MYSPACE!!!
so confused.
It's that time of year again- Lilac Fest!
I love how you said wrasslin like in south park. Haha WTF
Better late than never!
Yes indeedy! June 10th is the day of the dinner :)
she only wants to eat lunch. Aw man.
If today were Friday I would
+1 RT : Only in America can Doogie Howser grow up to be a judge on SYTYCD!
+ 1 RT : Big ups to those working tirelessly to change public opinion/policy. After yesterday's step back, step forward today.
No record deal but people play my records still!
Game 5 in Los Angeles #Lakers vs
Been wrapped up in gigs, schools, & recording. Music is a grand life!
is kind of surprised that Obama fluffed the oath (or should I be?) Also that his speech is less inspiring than I would have expected
Ha! Sounds like me over the past few days!
Happy Mother's Day to my incredible mom Alexis, mom-in-law Betty, grandmom-in-law Elsie & all of the mothers & mothers to be out there!
ok goodnight twitter for now at least until these lakers fans get the opinions out✌✌
If home wasn't always such an insanely busy agenda, maybe I would enjoy it more
so my beard doesn't count?
Twitter makes class go by fast
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 12
I dunno about MLB - seems unlikely, the way things are with the Beavers. Im focusing on that for now, and haven't heard much lately.
#sexual immorality So, no to Gay marriage but sex b/w priests and boys gets a pass
Man accused of sitting in passenger seat while 10-yr old son drove just bailed out of jail. We spoke with him. Updating story for 7 pm
aww thanks Erica!! (:
shared language is essential to the formation & long term health of a community; definitions >> community
so aquarius&Libra have great sex, how do they get along outside the bedroom
3-D Without glasses coming soon!
Guys. I am the only one in the theater who screamed and clapped and laughed hysterically. :(
The walking dead is a good show(:
Not sure yet... It's my daughters birthday! Go figure right?! I had her at 7pm on St Pattys day & 5 weeks early :)
'Magic Mike': See new EW cover!
have a safe flight!
I agree!!! I listened to them and annoyed my older sister when I was little :)
Sounds YUM! RT : Making Bruchetta with Garlic with Rosemary Oil. Delicious! Recipe will be posted soon.
Finally Obama has the cajones to say regulation is good.
I said fuck a stupid hoe
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION! Party Bus just came available for tonight Saturday December 11. Call now for deeply discounted rate! 405.447.2446
Word on the street is Embury is coming back soon:)
The most wonderful, miserable part of summer: the smell of other people grilling.
Yeah, I wouldn't even think about Valverde today. Should've let Benoit pitch the 9th yesterday. He was looking good
I wish someone could explain to me why a grown ass man is not able to point aim and keep his pee in the bowl! Geez!!!
Virginia's unemployment rate at 5.7%!! Yeah
I have gotten some really great news about my work in the past few weeks. I am really excited about the direction I am going.
...u are right, I attribute it to you being so old you heard Ben Franklin originally coin the term
wtf are you doing in New York & how are you paying for this trip?!
If no one supported me except GOD, I would still succeed. ♥ Rom. 8:31
Oh my God! You're pregnant!
That moment when your staring at someone and in your head pleading "not next to me. Not next to me not next to me" & they sit next to you.
came by to see you today but was told you were out. Joann took good care of us
And lightning! It's amazing. Miss it. RT : Absolutely loving the thunder right now. Rare occasion in SoCal. Reminds me of home :)
Fantastic! One of my favorites. RT The LA Times Book Prize for graphic novel goes to Carla Speed McNeil for Finder.
what are they protesting? can't tell
This abilify commercial is not a sketch?
I could really use some more followers. I've never had more tweets than followers and it's stressing me out. Can I get a #FF?
Men made this, but God made men. So He still gets the glory.
hey Caden how was ur day?
Has anyone attended any of the events? I'm thinking about going to the fashion show on Saturday.
Tonight's #mubb game showed me the boys need to work on ball handling and rebounding before the
RT : Don's tweeting! Follow him at
biggest sean in the littleist state!
yo r u spinning anywhere tonight
Omg , Dani is such a ratard !.
I say "Oh my God her body" literally everytime I see you this season. You look AMAZING!!
I'm good. Taking things one day at a time. U?
Finally! A jacket-less day in NYC! How has your Sunday been?
I'm going to enjoy a glass of wine to celebrate a long day of work.
Thank you to #uptownalley in Surprise, AZ for the hospitality to ! Check them out! Soo cool!!
Yeah, Hyatt's was league 2/league Hyatt/Jan Brady league
Suddenly it's dickey weather in South Texas.
I have to admit, Biden is an awesome story-teller!!! ... ESPECIALLY when he's drunk! You remember the one about him and Barack at Freaknik??
I haven't had much time to be excited about tonight's show w/ , but one spin through "Raise" fixed that.
Hi, Love your site - is it dead now?
Loved Torchwood: Miracle Day! Hoping we get a Season 5.
So it appears people are already lining up for registration a day early for rw24. Maybe ill just be a spectator this year,
There are just some things that I cannot address. I cannot handle them and will continue to do so poorly. I know not what to do here.
#twitter updates take time to propagate. Does periodically #cache results for faster serving, shortly delaying new content?
lol yeah whatever
Regular jogging shows dramatic increase in life expectancy
#2012 is going to rock
Hope to see all of you Lash Lovers Tomorrow :)
Scariest drive home of the year on Neil Ave. RT #Juggalo lineup is only about 10 deep so far. Is the cold scaring them away?
is all salty because my mom has pictures of me in her wallet and none of her 😂 I try to tell her I'm the fav!
Eating at Tru to night with I've been wanting to go for a wile, thank you for the opportunity. I am very excited!
Haters shake my hand but I keep the sanitizer on deck
umpire spitting gum on Bobby V. Major #yuckAlert. Great highlight for us though.
No high stick!!!!
Pub-->bar-->marshalls
I agree - but they are installing dimmers ASAP so will be the same dark, cozy pilar!
first preview performance of lyric is waiting, by michael puzzo....THIS THURSDAY JULY 30!
Sarkozy Re-election Bid in Trouble Nicolas Sarkozy could be the first one-term French president since 1981, with the first round of votin
Thank u...miss u too “ happy birthday to my all grown up freshman baby. I miss u”
Welcome & thanks Love sharing thoughts.
Yards & Comp% have NO bearing on winning football games (FACT: see Cam Newton). TD-INT ratio most telling. Guess who was tops
I am reading Cocktail Hour Under the Tree of Forgetfulness by Alexandra Fuller-- J.L. Powers'
When im depressed i cute myself .... A peice of cake
Seeing your punk'd episode and going insane. I laughed when you were "talking" on the phone :3
Kudos to for his continued support of immigrant rights in America.
God bless the family of Whitney Houston. I'm sending prayers their way!
oh no! I hope they do eventually go away....
hope all is well in the Land of Enchantment. Cold today
My Sunday just got soo much better!!!
Tight All Star Game. Nice work by the Seatown reps
I need a shot of you on the rocks, cause im on my very last drop.. So can i get a refill?
will do, thanks!
theyre fattening and oily yum
that drives me CRAZY!!
4 more to 100! We can do it! Show some support for !
WWW.COLLEGEBASKETBALLRECRUITING.NET
All my songs are available for free Download...Thanks for the suport
so i might get a job at an italian restaurant nights and work at J.P. Morgan in the city days, i'm gonna have SO MUCH MONEY
Why does it seem so wrong that she only wants her timeline jumping?
the immune system is evident
I just got robocalled to phone bank for Walker with Mitt Romney...Uhh, no thanks.
"This one is for the ladies who lookin so amazin'" finally BTR dedicates a song to us...
no, leave Wednesday the 25th
Another day of fundraising tomorrow! Time for some rest now! Goodnight!
is heading to sound check at Tipitina's! Tonite Only - Groovesect feat. special guest Chali 2na of Jurassic 5 with Swamp Grease opening!
hate to say it but lie. Tell them at fro t first visit. You'll get first visit buttons and skipped ahead in some lines.
you were so excited for the finale that's why! did you see it? rupaul is making us sweat!
If Nicks in Dallas and I bump into him i'll be saying that Loves him. :)
You see, I Was going to do this AP hw. Then I realized I lost the paper. So I took that as a sign not to do it. And now I'm going to sleep.
#InstantTurnOn Child bearing hips
Did Jay or Silent Bob make an appearance?
You are definitely a #Taurus if you banged in at least 1 of these places #zoo #church #plane,
Versailles organizations empower few while disempowering many. Letting them eat cupcakes will not solve the disparity.
Well? Are you exhausted? Any fan favorites? What did you get me?
Did u ghost write for anyone if so who?
You left yourself logged into mine! Payback-
it was nice to meet you.
Suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope
Still fun to poke at though. And softball season is a mere few weeks away. How many nights you playing? I am in 3
Last show is tomorrow, In George, Washington today. Who's coming out?
haha awesome! I will do a dance in honour of our new friendship :)
I feel like #nussie I'm to real not to like
Coming to College Day at Fenway tomorrow? Show your college ID at Jillian's/Lucky Strike for BOGO bowling or one hour of free pool 11am-5pm!
im sure you are doing great. NICKYBALLZ LOVES U BBY
If you're trying to think of ways to loosen those hip flexors, we have some thoughts...
I don't care how old you are, Mario kart double dash: best. game. ever.
'I sit there thinking how much courage it takes to live an ordinary life.'--Colum McCann ('Let the Great World Spin')
Sitting in empty new apartment waiting for movers
Just had to tell someone that submitting a FOIA request via fax is totally '80s. I mean, come on .... really?
New Music Alert! Dropping Next Week...Ladies Stay Tuned!
My head hurts. Lol.
"That's when you just need to switch it up and go streaking, or something." Thank you, for your words of wisdom.
Does the desmond howard heisman pose through your timeline
Everything will be ok, just in a ton of pain right now = ( It could have been worse though!
Thats whats up! So are you in?
Man I wish I could watch the fight tonight! I think Pacquiao gon win!.
Its Kind Of Nippy Out Side
btw everyone even though u guys might not care im not 19 I only put that to get twitter, but i realized all u have to be is 13 xP. I am 13.
Next on the at 4, reveals his top 10 value picks of 2012
Sounds good man. Hit me up anytime after 615pm
Never been so confused in all my life.
let's shred later
Getting ready to leave for Sandcastle. Will have pix on Facebook later :-}
This week I'm goin to DM the info and what it be about.
- I would imagine that they'd expect him 2 be fine too, but would B interesting. Must B a scout on here somewhere.
Yo :D we should hang out tonight YEAH school today and i effin hate someone there :| backstabbers, karma is there.. wait 4 it
being an apple otaku
Forevers gonna slow you down.
Cotto ain't got nobody with him
Why isn't there more fire in art and photography? If captured at the right moment and the right way, it can be memorizing and beautiful.
so you guys are having fun?
Wed Feb 15th is great -- how much time would you like?
was trying to fix Seneca... Just stopped in to chat for a few. I wanted to hug him
nice one... I heard ULTRA is going to Korea in August! Maybe we'll meet there! :0/
SPOTTED - D&D aka Brandon Todd of Splash News at Washington Dulles this morning, maybe an arrest warrant for them when they come into DC?
We had an epic weekend of video shoots. The first one will be released soon, and we can't wait!
Good luck!
I told you
Your tweets always make me realize how great God really is. Thanks!
Well welcome ! Make bring you out soon and now will have to pay a visit to the BREW CITY.
I have faith won't, especially w/ Uncle Sam's tutelage
(Sanford and son theme) settle down now it is time to watch the show, it is startin don't be licking me no more matter of fact could you ...
I am making progress :) slowly but surely. I'm actually trying some people out the rest of the next 2 months for my project
The officiating in the Ashville game is incredible
Lol she's so sweet!! Nice meeting her!! She's just proud her baby graduated
EXCELLENT rationalization! Thanks!
If you haven't already, don't forget to set your clocks back an hour. Nothing like gaining an extra hour sleep. Ah.
Reading "Super Rich" by Russell Simmons. This book is powerful!
we are looking forward to it too! Really enjoyed #Scon12 this year.
I think I just learned how to sync ny twitter and fb accts...
yea i hear you good point
Description of 's 1st place winner, In Time: "Makes a funeral accessible via an online digital channel"
I'm a huge fan #pray is my favorite song also #neverSayNever and #baby are my top favorite songs
Biggest Loser makes excellent #exercise videos when u can't make it to gym.
Thanks again all followers!
Watch present March 13
Any New York Yankees fans out there...how did you find the game??
ONE DIRECTION WAS SO AMAZING AND I JUST HAD ONE OF THE BEST DAYS OF MY LIFEE<333
A dream is a good thing but a dream is for people who sleep. But u need to wake up and turn that dream into a vision and make it a goal
can't you pre-write CB? At least a little?
i go to your school if you dont know me im the tall 7th grader :)
RT Prezi puts the resent in presentation.
hate those. glad you made it out alive! ;-)
This explains why we have so many stupid leaders
gave some chocolate kisses to eiko. this tickles me pink.
This is driving me crazy
You Follow I Follow back...vice versa !
Dear Fed Ex express van 246073. We seem to be on the same am path. I see your horrible driving. Deliveries are not worth killing others. Ok?
I stopped watching after they dumped the body
You ain't been following me before? I feel so used. Lol
don't know if you heard, we got our FCC permit for our permanent FM station
A link's anchor text may be one of the under-estimated resources a webmaster has to utilize a hyperlink.
Relax, Breathe.
the fire of defeat burns hot & bright as the flame of victory...risktakers know this & use the energy to fuel dreams
The power of a great teacher
fine, I'll be independent and get it! Haha
Alright, school librarians: preparing for a 2nd interview, any advice or questions I should prepare for/ask?
thank you!!
loosen up to draw; use the intuitive feelings & let body move; aim at something & throw a line, drawing made easy
it's fine, aha (: thanks! You'll probably get emailed tomorrow!
if you follow me on instagram I'll love you forever and ever. Like really. It's CharlotteMaggio 👍
And has a propensity for ankle injuries?
RT : ": she isn't a yoyo... you can't just pull her back when you need her, then push her away when you don't -_-"
Thanks for the follow. You'll be happy you did!
Mondays are a bunch of bull.
I jus need ta vent...
So happy to be talking to Sarah Fantasia!!!! Finally!!! <3
Maybe a pedicure will make this day better. It's worth a try, anyways.
not awkward at all, but funny. It involved cuties.
Alright this will be an even better birthday if can wish me a Happy Birthday today!:D
Happy Birthday!!
"Googling yourself is important, especially when you're looking for a job," says "And try every platform!"
There are 11 people with my main character's exact name on Twitter! Am debating following a couple of them...
thanks for the awesome eyebrow wax, yet again. you never fail me.
why be single? What's out here? Std's? Lies? Deception? I would never want to get back out here.
yes! One of my favs :)
Don't Miss it-- "Integrating iPads into the Math Curriculum" workshop TODAY, 12:30-2:30 in LIB 301. April Welch of IIT will be leading.
I'm so 2008. I'm so 2000-and-late.
A Change has to occur!! #RealTalk My potential and destiny is in my hands.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the need to get a whorty qb to save them from damnation
i haven't been on twitter a lot, but i'm on a lot more often than i actually tweet.
Dots is my new favorite store <3
RT : Excited to speak on student panel 4 newly admitted grad students! Always eager to share my love for !
Who's ready for a new song?
yeap! You're welcome
I guess; I'll just be obnoxious
I baught a 30 pack down here for 11$......plus it has a mich 10 cent refund on it. Gas money for my trips home!
Woah, holy shit! I would LOVE that, totally don't have space though :(
Want it? Go for it!
Reason #268 why the #Bears suck! #onwisconsin RT: Looks like Bears did not sign either Philip Welch or Kyle Wojta
Roasted bronco meat emits a tart, yet woody fragrance.
Congratulations there Father, oh Mother, oh Paddy (neuter). Lol. Have a lovely experience and may God bless your new ministry.
Tyga is um....BOSS
#InstantTurnOn boys who are really athletic.
so true! my Pastor just taught the differences in relationship and fellowship how we can have a relationship but no fellowship.
we all playin cod together?
aw... Happy Mothers day
At doctors office for Angelia
that sounds so fun,,,,NOT haha
5 bucks says he comes.
Church! Exciting day 2day :)
Dragons Blood incense smells so friggin good.
Can you all do me a favor Follow and and follow and Thank you ~Angelina~
I want to storm the castle but should I attempt such a feat alone?
i dont believe in 11:11, i believe in having faith
let's set up time!
the same reason y u was hyped last time and pulled a disappearing act this game lmao
Can't wait to check it out for our next trip!
Imma need people to stop contacting me if you have nothing to say. GET OFF MY LINE!!!
Check out Amanda Falk's () cd "In Between the Now & Then." She sings "I will Exalt" on voice/lyrics!
Smile your on camera
|| | www.micromusic.net | || radio is now fueling this paper drive.
Good call by Frank Vogel saying the Heat are a bunch of floppers. Of course he could insert nearly any team in there b/c everyone flops.
FU Dallas Inferno LOL oh I mean FC my bad
Using a red ink pen for edits should be banned. My pages look like they've been through a blood bath.
Starbucks Run, :) Happy Saturday!
#idRatherHave A ROOT CANAL THEN GO TO WORK
Yeah Colin, I get it. You don't like the midwest teams in the playoffs. Get over it. Go back to sucking up to the East coast
Not as lucky as some people who got to see Niagara Falls and Toronto! :P
im in love but not with miami lol
RT : JAZZFEST TODAY: (Free Show!) “Swing Kids” w/ Dominick Farinacci & Tri-C Jazz Studies Alumni
#DearMonday What are you doing to start off your week right??
it was so amazing!!!
Dear everyone, actual things being sold in foam-form is the actual thing with lots of space in-between. It's less actual thing.
already have IT
yeah nigga yeah just eat and run Lmao
welcome hey u should inbox me ;)
thanks nah
#random...but the only two country singers I like are Taylor Swift and Carrie Underwood
lol yes (: haha how you been ?
- fashion star is going to be a HOT show!
i got 2 heat tickets for sale for tomorrows game vs. OKC
Not just yet. Still trying to reach a certain threshold of panelists. Thanks for your help so far.
..then take the mixture in a glass bowl and heat over a pot of water on high. Beat mix until thick (20mins). Let sit. Delicious Custard.
“: #southernthing I know when to say Oasis” well.. say it louder then..
I havent been this happy in awhile (: and its all thanks to her! She is the best!!!!
Checked the Neue Haas site for the fifth time. Were you involved in the project, and If so, will there be a case study?
we just be having fun over here! We'll I mean I work take care of my daughter and do me on my own time #EverythingIAppear!
DJ's that say Happy Hump day drive me nuts!
you both are!!!
Thanks ! Hope 2012 proves fruitful & fun for you! (Enjoyed reading your Dec 6 blog!)
Look n for a Fun Dipper tonight... I can't feel my face....
I'm digging the vibes man.. Keep it Going yo.
there you go you cock
When you log in to your account, go to home tab and look under direct messages. Thanks for the follow!
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you!
"Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Hey will u text me I have a question 267-296-9746
just look at her FB and I got the best men hunting swiper down officer T.J Hooker and Ice Tea u wanna help find him
Want tickets to Book of Mormon? A friend has had great success with last minute tix on StubHub.
i guess .. Lol
House of mouse: first opened in 1955.
woo woo jac russo has played with us too!
thanks sis! :D s/o to my numba!
just mixed your track into Episode 5. It's definitely a
Great sense of history - that was 1954!
On the 950; Libya - from Rommel to rebellion. Old london pal George Joffe & formeer US Charge. Hour 1
ahahaha Sorry!!! Lol I was coaching a girl for the Charger Girl tryouts. It was hip hop/jazz :)
I'm starting to see why the #Browns signed Gocong to a big extension, he just keeps making play after play
WTF Wednesdays at Davenport Lounge SA!
My twittascope today is completely relevant and touched base on the EXACT thing I was pondering already.
I would say A until you B.
Another Day in Paradise #still breathing
Yes finally someone else 🙌
trying to get to 100 tweets. Quick! Give me something interesting to say
St. Elmo's fire...memories...RT : Rocking in the Ford fiesta listening to st. Elmo's fire heading to a big meeting
I hate BB perhaps the worst option for course sites available.
And 7 teams within 150 miles of Cincinnati. Nearly 8. #stupidpurdue. Cincy is the basketball epicenter of the universe.
Trying not to think about But she on the brain! Follow back Sukie!
Good Luck from Baltimore City Firefighters L-734
Ginobli blowed a break away dunk
$15 Hair Cut and Shampoo for first time clients Today! Add a blow out or deep conditioner for only $10! 702-823-4800
Yo Love the support. Much Love Homie! Thanks For coming!
going to get to get your car <3
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
don't make a promise you can't keep!
My headphones are in stop talking to me
im feeling the worst feeling possible #sadness its now brads fault but i wish someone would have told me
Yes I have a request. I want you to tell me how the Gamecocks' football program is the best ever.
I just found out that #Ghostbusters was a knock-off of #HueyLewis #IWantANewDrug. (devistated)
I loved that idea...so cool!
really really really
How's everyone doing today, almost Friday, who wants to #GuessJacksScore?
Yeah Yeah x3 today was my last day for school.. I finished 3 weeks early ... I DID IT!
Who else from Florida has Reading FCAT tomorrow?
Enjoy!! Keep it #fresh :)
I can tell you firsthand that LE HAVRE is a very enjoyable film.
Aw crap dude. Sorry to hear that. I'm sure that's not how you wanted that to end up :(
what you doing
I love u too ariana grande your the most beautiful girl I have ever seen =)
returned it. Rented #haywire .
It's used...but it's mine!
Have I ever told you I don't care, Good because I really want to get it across
When I told her I didnt want to be firends , I hope she cried .
Come out to Blues at the Bluseum rescheduled for Sunday, June 26th at the Balloon Museum! We've just added Tijerina, w/ great Chicago Blues!
at Chipotle Mexican Grill
More reason Brenley should be manager. He saw the defense while #Cubs coaches were sleeping! #WhyBunt?
Dr drew gone. 55k
the hate comes with the territory bro. Ppl hate it when u doing good n they doin bad. Just let em do they job
Fuck the Celtics! They are ass.
needs to find a use for #googlewave!
Clearly, not much since I'm peeping grilled cheese blogs.
do you ever make shapes out of the clouds and lets your imagination go free? Hm?
Good luck on your business presentation tonight tonight.
If you were a dessert. What kind of dessert would you be?
#VEGAN RECIPES DISHES# FOOD
dude she fuckin loves you bro, i dont get why you're treating her like shit now. lol you're hellaaaaaa dumb
In that circumstance, I must send its calls straight to voicemail. To god. Identical to your view on one James Posey...
be the change you want to see in the world
And seeing that exclamation point after sending my last Tweet made me feel like Twitter is mocking me.
would be the best thing that could happen. I really love u Christian♥. come to spain!!
We abusing refs now?! Really?! UNNECESSARY
Thanks :)RT : #AssWednesday shout out to
Yeah dude, Saga has been great thus far. Stoked for the new issue today.
I'm glad thought it was as funny as I did when he thought 18 for 39 was more than 50% last night #LSU?
want some? They ship! Though Im pretty sure Aussie customs would intercept the eff out of them.
Some say when you do your part God will do His. Nonsense! Jesus said, "Apart from Me you can do NOTHING!" (John 15:5)
Karma is just now nipping at the heels of your hater boots.
you look cute as a button in your twitter avi. :)
I never get to sleep in anymore. :P
YOUR SO AMAZING SO PROUD OF YOU WILL MAKE MY DREAMS COME TRUE AND PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK <3333333333
"GOP Admits They Have No Obamacare Alternative" #huffpost I think it's called: NO HEALTH INSURANCE
we made new friends from the Braves Bark in the Park event
despair, all is despair
My pleasure! It was wonderful catching up!!
life of the 1-person-business: I've been painting vintage baseball cards, called tobacco cards, onto a new baseball design for like 96 hrs!
road trip to the #305 with me?
I do what I got to do
no ma'am..get her a savings bond lol
bumpin shady 45 game don't wait remix
Yes we do make donuts. Last weekend we had maple donuts and the weekend before raspberry jelly donuts.
France Gets Ready to Elect Next President | Jewish &amp; Israel News ...
Way to go Menard !!!!
Bob Castaneda just rented an apartment and reregistered to vote in #chulavista to run for office. Longtime SD rez
culture is written by the winners as well
It's in God's hands now. Time to enjoy this retreat!
hey im getting ready to start a long shift @ work but im good thanks. hw r u?
Watching Bones on and folding laundry. Haven't felt relaxed while doing housework in a long time
everyone studied at my house...motivated by coffee
check out the song "nobody" by the same band.
size & speed..Hill works harder......
#NowPlaying Train - Drive By
I want to buy the old movie theatre at Berry and Hemphill in Ft.Worth
How many? Um, all of them. Yes, every single bean.
I70 at the tunnel is now open.
You have brought organization to the young. The gods are very pleased.
I gotta lay off the Mcgangbangs that's my problem
August though, I will be there!
The feeling you get when you like someone so bad, It reminds you of your First crush<3
I don't like pusha but he growin on me
you light up my world like nobody else ♥
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 37
Ready for girls night out on the town!
"I'd much rather have a closet full of Milano cookies than Manolo Blahniks." - S. Ulrich, on how her life is like Sex and the City
I misunderstood what you said now I get it. A nice girl is what I'm looking for so I can turn her into a naughty girl , dm me.
lol hey could I hit you up #
it's a pleasure to follow you.Let's have some fun!
nah..wish tho
how many things, how many ways, and how often, do we confuse with Love ...
& look all beautiful when they sleep, like princesses. (:
Note to self: Best friends may be great mind readers most of the time but don't depend on it.
I gotta go to bed early tonight.. Have to be at the vet in the morning with the dogs
Gas prices...wth?!
Have you ever had someone upset with you for what you bought them for Christmas because its not what they were expecting? SIGH
#FridayReads In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson. It's so good, but it makes my heart yearn to be back in Germany...
That awkward moment when drinking with friends...u realize your kind of the boring one. Lol.
Saw the show Sat. It's a nonstop thrill ride & love story! I highly recommend it for kids of all ages!!!
Yes, moved about 6 weeks ago! Definitely reach out next time you're here!
Cards are so cool!!!!
I need a back up plan for my party so if someone can get a hotel room for me JUST INCASE that'd be great
Nicee . MIA is where its at
Does Vilma's contractual pay count against the cap since he is suspended without pay?
Off today & workout is done. Now to the bookstore for some early morning cock in my ass.
spotted: woman biking down Hazard in a save ktru tee.
Hoping to get lots of responses, see many new ideas. So far, so good!
Morning tweethearts & Happy 4/20 to all u smokers!!
I'm highly educated with my own house my own car and a professional job and the best thing is I know my self worth. So I WILL NEVER SETTLE
Davy Jones performed Rainy Jane on American Bandstand on this day in 1971.
you mean non musicals?
"If you can't get a job in the US w/out working 4 free for a year that is an enormous burden" says of internships
The Tigers won 101 games in 1961...but finished 8 games behind the Yankees.
not enough hours in the day
Go Greg! Can't wait to try it next visit.
I'm about to finally clock out for a few hours.
we still linking up?
Did Romar not mention that whole "play defense" thing on the trip over?
1st game I ever saw at Dodger Stadium, in Gary Carter's only season w/Giants, he hit game-winning HR. RIP Kid
the moon I will fade away but like the sun I will rise again.
#CollegeBaseball: #UConn finishes things off in the ninth and steals an 8-7 win over #Northeastern at Freidman Diamond.
kick some ass tonight! And happy bday
Its about time!
u got dat gud shyt sombody would kill for but wont find......
RT BigScreen: Herzog mania continues Sat/Sun w/How Much Wood Would A Woodchuck Chuck & Wodaabe:Herdsmen of the Sun
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this.
Did they get the ball for Jordany?
Nice score! Thanks for visiting us - we're huge Double Fine fans!
Just finished a HUGE amount of grading. If I can replicate this morning's productivity at the desk tonight, I'm set!
Spread the word to your friends and follow me, an upcoming R&B Producer
Today was so good - sleeping in, long walk in the park, burgers and margaritas... happy.
I'll be playing at Providence Marketplace that weekend from 6-7 on Saturday. :)
fun idea :D i've always wanted to go kickboxing!!
I seriously need a mini fridge in my room I'm lazy to get up and get food/ drinks .. it's so annoying ..
COACH BEAST CAN SING!!!! Daayum!
Don't forget that #EarthDay 2012 is this Sunday.
hey gorgeous. How have you been Miss?
I gotta big idea. Its in the making right now. So excited
Winter. Full moon rising bronze in the east. Couple of great horned owls the size of tree stumps in the old willow out back.
I gotta admit, I just ain't feeling it. Maybe I'm too sober.
Grown men riding skateboards
of course!lol
Making my Friday night popcorn - Orville white popped to perfection, tossed with EVOO, salt and pepper! Better than butter!
Well... I really don't know what i'm like in person I kinda just live on the computer and stuff.
what was your favorite superstar when you was kid
finding myself in the real world! haha... working- pretty boring stuff- not really worth the 140 characters.
Transferring a database (15 million rows) onto my #SSD just made my #thinkpad (with #ubuntu) lock up for 10 minutes. Weird?
What a cutie. The days are long, but the years are fast. Enjoy!
They say that love is forever your forever is all that I need.
Favorite license plate of the week: NOONAN. Probably because "IT'S IN THE HOLE!" won't fit on a plate.
Tbh i dont want summer to come but i also dont want to be at school i perfer to be somewhere else except home :(
Thanks, Nick!!!
I have a stack of this music from the folks I just listed and just looked at it like DAYUM-there's some DOPE MUSIC here!
#SometimesYouHaveTo ... be misunderstood... Its not that I'm a bitch, I usually just don't give a fuck & it unintentionally shows on my face
that's great...#hardwork cuz..let's keep up the momentum...
Honey-Nut Cheerios for dinner. That's livin'.
people who type like that are the worst.....
View Top Choices a Second Time Before Buying That First Home
Finally our Opening Night lineup! Go Fish. Can't wait for the big game.
ok you ruined -__-
Thank god. I thought I sucked. Love you, and thank you for this.
Agreed. RT "gentlemen, khakis are always the best choice. #always"
You're gonna win this...just saying. We ALL have faith in you.
no. :((((( I don't have connections.
You should go! It will be fun! To see Invent? They are AMAZING. I can't compare them to anyone. They are one of my honest favs
Didn't engage in it personally; we are quick to spend but slow to share with those less fortunate.
Have a budget. When you go to the store, determine exactly how much you can spend & stick with it.
I can attest that #TheRealtors were written in tons of different places not just a kitchen table by a woman too
New classes added! 8 am Sunday is Power 1! And, 7:30 pm Mon & Wed are Power 1 as well. All late classes on Mon & Wed will start at 7:30 now!
Well ii have come to the end of the road for tonight.. same place tomorrow? lol
Ouch! RT NYC Mayor Bloomberg 2012 budget cuts Met Museum funding by 25%, 30% for smaller city arts groups.
We have many satisfied clients that we have helped with serious legal issues...Free consultation (909) 890-0105
that's just a bit odd.
stop it
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
if you pick me i'll even share with you
Thanks for including me in your fantastic event. The world needs more art!
Study just released: Those who suffer from anxiety typically have much higher intelligence than hose who don't. 👽 #knowing #you're
Bring on the learning #EDCampME starts in a few minutes.
Twitter makes me wish I were better at crossword puzzles. Not sure why, it but my crazy brain suspects it might help. MIGHT.
Thank you for following StonerCouture.
Made 455 dollars just dealing cards for poker. Hell yeahh!
Thanks for the mention, Adam!
RT : RT : One day, you will realize how much I was there for you when I'm gone.
Thanks for the follow, Kate! Hope you're enjoying the leadership residency!
a frequent nightmare of mine: I go to the doctor to discuss my asthma. the doctor says "sucks to your asthma"; rolls boulder on me
So happy to let everyone know that today I achieved my goal of becoming a member of
RT : RT : "This Nation is great because we built it together. This Nation is great because we worked as a team."
and most of them seem to film with some Android phone cameras from 3 years ago ;)
interesting. this is because...???
joked months ago on Facebook abt becoming a truck driver. Getting trucking job ads. Obviously they have never parked behind me.
I'm off the market(: I love you<3
RT Wonder what the #serpentine water temp is after sun/rain/sun/rain crazy weather
If you're looking for something different and like German food, try Suppenkuche.
Where can one find that track, Wes?
Fwd: AltLJ: RT : Do good deeds because you can- fmr WorkCover CEO on why companies should engage in corporate (cont) http:/ ...
Thank you, Jordan! Have a good Tuesday!:)
And we are getting started! Your dream team!
RT I Remember Everything that I wish to remember, and I wish to remember everything. Don't forget that.
#YoungJustice One will rise, one will fall, one will die: Robin to Nightwing or KF to Flash; Aqualad falls; Aquagirl/Tula dies?
i want a shirt like that! where i find one? and of course...HELL YA CORPUS IS READY!!
smh me too man for the past 2 days !
If you ask someone for a favor, they should expect one in return.
excellent idea!
Its cold here too. I here your weather is coming here tommorrow. The mtns. Are gonna get like a foot of snow.
Back in STL
The fact that $15 didn't even get me 3.5 gallons of gas disgusts me. Just sayin.
We need to have a sleepover one night!
#IPayWithTheD. "Do you have a credit card?" -No but here's my dick
The only thing between me and the end of this semester is 150 words.
This game is gonna get ugly fast
Okay, okay... I'm done with all the native american influenced names in Wisconsin... Although there are a lot more...
Good :) So, what's up? Tracy, Taylor, and Lexi say hi!
me too! Peyton needs to come to the west coast! Haha he only does things on the east coast
Don't even care about the table breaking, we just wanna have a laugh
How was your Monday? Did you get your workout in!! I lifted weights this morning and did kickboxing this afternoon:) LOVED it!!
looking forward to Women of Faith "IMAGINE" conference this weekend in St. Pete...follow me on Twitter
Wishing #delta agents were empowered to solve simple problems, would make delays easier to manage
thanks KT...have a good one!
Yes sir that is what I am asking, hey I am kind of pumped about the new WWE 12 game.
This is a great site got a few pair for my children, Beautiful Selection Footwear etc. Sponsored by UGG Australia
#Ringer onTV w/ Ioan Gruffudd, should be amazing, like his movie Amazing Grace (& H Hornblower).
why. Youre just gonna break that one too(;
Ouch, hope they don't follow your tweets! Feeling good abt staying in instead of hit up a party 4 someone I don't care about
People keep telling me that the 'right person' will come along. I think that 'right peron' got hit by a bus or something.
Merry Christmas to everyone! Big e-hugs to all my friends and their families.
Look for editor at Chef Jam judges table tonight. (But please don't poke him in the belly)
Peace out gurl scout ✌
You are awesome. You had me crying and laughing through your preachings.
Almost like home, but eith fog!
Rise and shine people. You have been blessed with another day and that's something to be excited about. Happy Thors-day to ya.
Ever want to sit and draw? Make jewelry? Bring your project to work on with us. Open till 11 & offering you a free environment to create in.
How is your Sunday night treating you?! What did your workout consist of today?
#tinboxboutique is roaming aimlessly this week...any pop up suggestions? talk amongst yourselves.
I need to be sleep.
lol I thought you looked pretty slutty last Halloween ^.^
LET'S MAKE SOME BEATS
Thanks Bro!!!
Lol dates Mikes bro
I guess I had Yale style....Whenever I tried to take laundry to my mom, I get "Yale'ed" at... :/
Right now? Wow, you guys are serious about #RecordStoreDay. Happy Midnight!
I haven't read the 3rd one yet.. But pretty excited for the.movie
Tonights connection group was really challenging! Love the conversation my sermons spark and how challenging my friends are! #lovemygroup!
Thanks for the RT Hope you're having a great week :)
where is Parker?!?
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out
RT : It's official April 26th 5pm on QVC tune in and see Miss Jenny pickle up! So excited can't wait!!!!
Who wants my 2000 tweet,?
Great job ! Proud to be a KCMO citizen "In past year, KCPD has raised $131,748 for Special Olympics Missouri..."
I love life. I love you. GN :)
I'm so nervous today, it's gut wrenching. I'll feel much better when I get home tonight and my family is home safe and sound.
love ya
Tweetering; the combination of twitter and tweeting, hm very strange obi won
Join us this Sunday, 4/3 for our Earth Month kick-off event...Earth Month 5K fun run/walk !!!! Details at www.coloradoaveda.com
Unfortunately, the $0 doesn't necessarily say where the number is *from*.
. notes overlapping hierarchy may not be central problem but it's stubborn because extends far "down the computational stack"
#DASER Barbara Stauffer is discussing the SI Artist Research Fellowship which provides an opportunity for artists to work w collections.
#iUseToThink keepin it 100 meant u tell the truth not lies hoping u dont get caught
German design flaws: put the battery in the boot and fit a electronic boot release that needs power to open.
Need new artists in the DFW.... All genres... Hit me up...
not liking newest patch not at all
well I think it uses data but yea for the folks who want bootleg bbm/imessage/texts
Excited to hear from Martin Storksdieck of on #afterschool #STEM for the next generation of students! #AfterschoolWorks!...
When a Hispanic says Jesus I assume their homeboy not the man up above
I'm extremely horny right now. RT if you think I'd be a good fuck! :-)
The ocean isn't any louder while the city sleeps. We just aren't there to wash it out when we're occupied with dreams.
To all the #runners out there: what races do you have lined up? Which one are you most excited about and why?
true true :) so how was volleyball?
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow myy new one
how could she resist? Haha
Excellent - love that you are getting the answers you need. Keep us posted on who wins the debate - very intrigued!
Job is done for week, Sun is out, Hittin the gym to do work. Life is good!!!!
I really don't wanna sit in the house
we were honored to do the work!
RT : My solution to the financial crisis in Ireland: either a tight cap on spending or beat a leprechaun to death and steal his gold.
Weak minds think alike. : Said same thing. MT : Williams, Vitt told Hargrove to lie. How did Vitt not get full year?
Wish my kids would stop eating my chobanis :( looks like another trip to the grocery store....
MILWAUKEE edged out San Antonio by ONE hour Monday for listener hours on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with only 8 hours between SA, LA, KC, and ATL!
That's a great idea. I'll pass it along to our development team.
:) count on that
Happy Mother's Day a) if you have or had a mom and/or, b) if you are or were a mom.
As someone who doesn't like most modern horror films, Cabin in the Woods is one of the best I have ever seen. Joss Whedon for president.
They're trolls, my love. They don't have an A game.
tigers are really good halloween treat o treaters
1 idea hatched w/ : 2nd generation/centers-in-development form consortium for resource/research sharing, maybe center-bldg wrkshp.
Never enough champagne.
I'm super juiced for tonight and tomorrow(:.
New Year, New Thinking, New Attitude, New Success!!!
When you gonna pick up this rosary
Wonder sometimes if I could find the one for me
I've been thinking about that too. I just never really use it.
no there isn't you have to wait til i get home!
Is anyone else sick of reality shows?
FORGIVENESS......It's a difficult but necessary part of life. Don't let anger, hatred, resentment or unforgiveness overshadow you. The...
Saw IV is trending on twitter. Saw I is the best one.
Hug from u RT Forget Super Tuesday. I'm going with Super Wednesday at University. Prof. is at the...
People living above their standards <<<
Missed at Wits last night? We have copies of That Is All signed in silver pen!
that was super-helpful. now, to plan what I'm actually going to say up there... :)
I hate feeling ignored
": I feel like crying and I don't even know why. I've been laying in bed thinking about life.."
The most reliable way to be inspired is to be inspiring. Feel the simple, yet profound joy of being, and let your positive spirit shine a l…
i believe you're correct :)
If you were at the #Tampa Bay #Addy Awards, I want to know what you thought of them!
May need to drag me through our 4 mile run after ACL last weekend!
RT : Lots of people are talking about this huge lottery... $640 million. What would YOU do with that much money?
BuzzRaid Expands Personal Finance and Travel Verticals
Good night everyone p.e tomorrow gotta run the mile(;
yep...but probably Friday now...everyone up to do something that night?
Filling out my ballot for Multnomah County. This one's kind of a beast, but lots of important stuff in here.
We'd love to hear your comments and suggestions before our school wide launch. Tweet us, email us, or contact us through the web page.
On my way to see The Tragically Hip with Angela. Excited!
Ironically, I feel people care less about license plate numbers than most people think. Does that make sense?
a start...RT Sanford Chief of Police Bill Lee is stepping down temporarily. #trayvonmartin (via )
our block just lost power, 80th between auer & lisbon
Congrats, Dan!
ha don't care what it is I do what I like
Apparently, Winston Churchill was born in a ladiesÕ room during a dance. #odd facts
has the worst service I've ever experienced! Thanks for irreversibly shutting my service off 4 days early. Thank God for !
Whatever nigga. Truth is truth.
Shoutout to that bitch across from me in the other table for having crazy ass nails and not shutting up about them
This time next week I will be laying by a pool with a drink in my hand in New Orleans!!!
When people who you envy like your photos >>
Between voting and attending shows, tonight has two of my favorite activities.
Just realized that there's this whole "" section here that I never knew about.
Yeah #Tigers!
I just tweeted that faggot.
Justice system isn't about guilt or innocence. High bail can be used as a deterrent for poor to take plea offer instead of opting for trial.
I'd you'd give me half a chance I'd proove this to you
Ready to roll this morning. Checking to see what's on Twitter, then school and then more work on Ebuxing.com this evening. Almost there.
i got you !
Last night it Lake Powell
Sex workers are against trafficking. We want to find viable lasting solutions that will protect children, and at the same time we want to..
Montana "I'd Rather Be Flying My Helicopter" license plate. You don't see that every day in the New York suburbs.
We are in the hand of God and under His care.
#TuneInTuesday We're listening to on the iHeartRadio ( ) application
This Is WAY TOO Accurate. RT : || Tuh. They never really did in the first place _----_
hey thanks for the apology i appreciate it. it only hurt alot. but what ever just ignore it.
I think the reason Blaine Gabbert has struggled so much is because in the spread he doesn't have to read as much.
Weights tomorrow
me and you forever and ever
play draw something with me... I think u will be impressed with my drawing skills ha
#2011icf Attending the NASA Team performance session
RT : Lodge, 3920 Buena Vista Avenue, live entertainment granted.
they don't have the ac up in there ?
so why the hate?
Man, movies can make me cry at the drop of a hat. It's embarassing.
un professional lol
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
How do we get "I got kinased!" into the lexion?
Gospel Brunch at House of Blues with A delicious cure for a hangover.
Extra crispy, extra saucy
Lol You Back In The Mil Doe?
Low key she never answered my question....
1 more wk '11.May '12 bring warm blessings 2 satisfy our hopeful appetites, quench our thirst 4 everlasting victory &endless cr8tivity.
