Coz I remember every sunset, I remember every word you said, we were never gonna say goodbye..
thanks for the #ff. wishing you a happy Easter.
he was a kind harmless and guileless alcoholic.
I Want You Back Not for who you are now!:-) For the person I love unconditionally:-) Money can't buy me love REAL LOVE, Love Hard:-)
Actually it's Sun. night. Sorry if I sent the wrong info.
Man who say it cannot be done should not interrupt man doing it.
A good catch. It would be the highest BABIP of Pierre's career, but hey...that's what he's hitting right now.
The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers -Brian Tracy
Subway has breakfast... but dont buy it
'LAWL' will probably start trending.. LAWL.
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 3-4 ft waist to chest high occ. 5 ft. FAIR CONDITIONS
That's what we like to hear! Visit us soon!
TAN presentation went well (I think :)
if you re 9 months premature then you re just a stain
What a great idea - Jerry deserves it!
This morning I'm at "Let's Go! Moving Detroit Beyond Business as Usual" at the Max M Fisher Music Ctr in Midtown Detroit.
Ready to act like a nasty bitch tonight and drink south with
been away from the web for most of the week..sorry to hear about Amy Winehouse..so talented, so young, so sad :'(
hehe mi clothes in that corner will always be there!
Filmed my friend Dan Bilzerian win 400k in a drag race today. Sick money bro! Nice seeing an old school muscle car beat a 2011 Ferrari.
#worldnews Prof Cathy Warwick, chief executive of the Royal College of Midwives, outlines her fears about the "commercialisation of childbi
Ching chow chi chong = you have gross feet.
we will be where ever Lauderdale cove is! Lol
you should be
Marketa Irglova & Iranian percussionist Ida music sounds HUGE at this little NPR recording studio. Cool!
#duckdynasty makes happy happy.
i'm so sleepy right now
Many men suffer from delayed ejaculation and their female partners are very frustrated by it. Quite a number of women think ...
"get over him" "hes not worth it" "dnt give up" keep hope" "u never know" this is all i here i dnt even know wat to do anymore :/
got some good news cooking.
AMEN! She's a poser.
You know that i like you.....but....you like me?
hosting launch event, Featured articles on , , , , GREAT STUFF
sorry guys i havnt been on i got grounded :( ~selena
Garcia: Power of camera. When faced w/ line of police w/ guns & badges, your only protection is a camera. So vulnerable.
Scored a sewing machine, that should make this outfit go quicker!!!!
Happy Hour now, $10 tap beer special later. Does it get any better than this on a Thursday?!
It was ugly and boring. As I just said elsewhere, the worst movie of any that year that I had positive expectations of
thanks girl!! This sucks hahah
So much spam on Twitter. Argh!
i was a bit worried about how we would go forward with all this..we are not ur fathers p.a.c...i have social media at hand
Please the art in your links. We can't all attend the Art Stops. Though we thank you for them.
you missing TX yet?
At the annual meeting!
I agree. $1 hot dogs are so good. Lol
on my way to Best of Times Ballroom to teach privates then Beg. 8pm Inter/adv.9p.m. 6225 SW 8 Street.
Looking for good audition songs (show tunes and otherwise) for a bass/baritone. Whatta ya got people?
Guess we know how that sports announcer feels about Thad Matta..."you're hott!"
#FAQ- are you mad? THATS JUST HOW MY FACE IS GUYS.
Um... everyone anywhere gets their rights via the indulgence of the majority. Except in places like North Korea.
I'm token some sensi star
Google Earth Adds Balloon, Kite Imagery
“: Did legs today just for you Alex ” good boy now make sure to eat your beans
tough decision, but
I'll Be Back In The Studio Nex Week To Record My New Club Bangger Called "Get-It Get-It" Yall Get Ready!!!!!!!
good ole state fair where the cream puffs are the only thing not deep fried and served on a stick!
Hey , you're amazeballs. Thanks so very much!
Hey #Albuquerque! Follow , a local country singer. Let's support our own!
Yeah, you gonna be in town?
That Colbert made us look pretty good.
right now.
You ready for today bro!?
great. now every time I see shawarma I'm going to think about that
yeah buddy!!!
You'll realise the value of something when it starts leaving you.
Raised out of anger but it wasnt my fault
Congrats! RT“: We're finally moving into our classrooms! We just emptied 100 boxes out of a U-Haul truck.
I totally agree
Tim Elliot is fun to watch. So unpredictable & a real warrior fighting through the eye poke. Another amazing performance by the flyweights.
Watching one of my favorite movies, "The Day After Tomorrow."
I heard scott was coming back with laura?
thanks for following!
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:)
I Love Akron! Am I right?
Suggs, on ESPN, on playing Bengals Week 1: "It sucks to do it against a division opponent because they know you so well."
dang... I missed my calling as a cookie scribe!
Just realized after this semester is over, I'm starting my victory laps... yes laps, I will be happily taking two!!
I think this =possibly "co-signing" a movement/ artist the dead artist wouldn't B down 4 if he/she were alive....
correction vastly
Better late than never, at Imagined Overload: Material Cultures of Excess and Minimalism
Just landed down in LAX. I know EXACTLY what Miley Cyrus felt like.
Macho Man Randy Savage Garden
Thanks for getting the word out, look forward to seeing you there. Show up by 9am for the best selection.
Don't even fret, there are tons of events to check out this weekend in town! I'll see you if you don't see me first ;)
Taste changes. Good theater is always good theater.
Who wants to go halfers on some Reese's Cup's?
Watching E! Entertainment Specials . . .
It is definitely hot and dry here...I like heat though :) I'd way rather be hot than cold. Have fun w/ the belly dancing :)
thank you! :-D
will you follow me? You are one of my inspirations you have helped me get through so much ..
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf27 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
HEY MY TWITTER FAM !!!! ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE I BEEN ON HERE I AM ABOUT TO EASE MY FACEBOOK AND SOCIALIZE WITH YOU GUYS ....
Come in for Island Night!!! $4.50 Margaritas and $3 Coronas.. Also Ask about our new soup of the day!!
#ala11 RE: Google+ points out that according to Google+ TOS users must be age 18 and older - 18+ which is same TOS for Gmail
My Mom Is Such A Bitch .
In need of a contingency plan. Seeking a sublet/temp room share starting immediately. Contact me if you know of one!!
Thank you, my friend. The Fourth Estate prepared us well. MT : Hats off, Zell! Well-deserved! made a very smart move.
ima turn up fa yal while I'm down here lol
Is that your cat, or Schrödinger's?
when i become a real heartless female, i dnt wanna hear shit from no one.
Please keep the family of Valerie Hamilton in your thoughts! Her family lived in my neighborhood.
Tuition and fees at 4year schools up 300% from 1990-2011. Even health care costs rose at half the rate of the cost of
take your biscuit and shove it in your third nostril.
Seeking for LPN for Pasco County send resume to
i do have 3 godchildren :)
girl, i miss you too! we forreal need to do something this weekend.. you up for it?!
Watching Dallas vs lakers lets go Dallas
It's amazing how 800mg of Ibuprofen makes me feel like I DIDN'T separate my AC joint this weekend. Damn false confidence...
I'm truly thankful for another day!!
Is in the ATL
No amount of toilet paper stuck on the bottom of my shoe could make me feel as embarrassed as North Korea must feel right now.
Election night is about to begin. Bring it on!
Luis Scola is soo underrated. He can ball.
go Cards!
Studio Network Solutions Announces Evo v4 Shared Storage System at NAB 2012
#IfIHadThePower to turn anything into food I think i'd faint from how happy i'd be..and i'd make food for the poor and homeless in the world
Say yes to the dress is on. Welp, looks like I won't be sleeping for a while
Wake up twits
hello i have your facebook florencia abigail you add me on facebook
Don't feel obligated to post; I'm doing this for an MLIS assignment. I should be following librarians. :)
Great day, #UU Berkeley Fellowship! Balazs Scholar and Transylvania, and great decision making about our future!
why are we so adorable.
It's hard to argue convincingly that the thing you thought yesterday shouldn't even be legal today you realize is a constitutional right.
Kentucky doesn't have a lot of guys who need to be stroked!! -Jimmy Dykes
in the future, we will have indestructible iPhones. “: Apple Looking at Samsung Flexible OLED Displays for iPhone 'Yoga'?...”
Let My Dreads grow out My bitch Got A Blow Out
lil harsh don't you think?
D.C.: The more things change, the more they stay the same.
When you're trying to be quiet and fail miserably cause you accidentally keep slamming/dropping things...
Food. Important. made pancakes this AM. They were delicious.
Nap time.
Omg he called me out of nowhere talm bout imy n stuff like that!!!WOW i think we`re goin to get back together real soon imy2 # 6-12-11
Looks like Chikwe answered your wish Any commits after yesterdays spring game? Was hoping for 1 or 2 of the DE's from WI.
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.353
Whew. Only the best froyo in town apparently.
yeah that shit was insane!
: FYI, ladies - I'm out of a ramshackle ingredient, so today will be an experiment in cleverness + courage
Qwrap) Andrea May - VP Inst. Design Service in Minneapolis #clouduc8 Glad to join today.
LOL Whats stores do you wanna go to for dresses?
So, here I am... working... tweeting... bored... what to do ugh
E&P earnings calls indicated a pullback in spending ahead which is good
If you're mistaking my bluntness for meanness, sorry but it's realness
Man I wish i could get a puppy. Doggies are always right there for you. When you're sad, happy, whatever. You are their world!
We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams
#wssmiami "It's the MESSAGE!" Alison Thompson
it's rude to not reply. Plus this conversation has brought mild amusement to me, so I will allow it to continue
Oh nice have you shopped at our store before?
Lost my phone now I'm back online, gotta admit it was nice not being plugged into the matrix
Last day of shooting tomorrow. Yay!!
Dumb people annoy me. There are a lot of dumb people in the world.
it's amazing how fast things change.
I'm back after an afternoon at the salon. I think I've lost two pounds
Common and Creative uses for Hollandaise Sauce
Thought there were a huge amount of Harvard fans, but no, the empty seats are red.
Jason Sklar uploaded The Sembello Pull
sustainability of their passion is most important
yeah it was ((: loved it .
Currently painting some shorts
Good news the so sexual video is done and will be released soon!
12 Months!? - That's more then a vacation - where you headed?
Nice to drive by and see work in full swing on the new studios/cafe in
Crime does pay. The law protects the crap & the criminals in this world.
Sure thing! Depending on the week, we could be often in need of legal representation.
Just go off the phone with our manager. Our summer tour is coming together quite well! We should be announcing dates any day now.
lmao why what I do?!
we beat duke a few nights ago.
Silence doesn't mean I quit, it means you're just not worth it anymore.
Thank GOD, Yes, Life is good. I'm Rocking as always, Performing, DJing, Top 40 Int'l Music with all my greatest Talents & Performers (Int'l…
we were happy to send to your class :)
Were they out of Bengals/Browns jerseys lol? Appreciate the Indianapolis shout out either way.
Oh. Gotcha. Hey are you and Kayla okay?
Ever wonder where you'd end up if you took your dog for a walk and never once pulled back on the leash? - Robert Brault (via )
you're a Biotch
whats the project about?
just one game of many this year, no big deal
I had a bit of a problem with the video of Versus Leviathan's interview. It isnt a good quality. Ive tried my best to enhance it... but
that just got a retweet from me buddy what is up!
6th man of the year?
oh do tell~
sounds good. Heading home today. Let's chat tomorrow.
Going to announce that you have signed with a team?
Thank you lady
#HIRING #CONTROLLER #CLEARWATER $$$$ #RESUME to
Schamazing! Literally laughed out loud.
Where will the music go next?!
yea you are right, but it still was too soon for Tello to play, Pedro and Alexis would have made a difference
Just realized that no Internet -> no Apple TV. No indulging in ridiculous Discovery shows on Netflix tonight.
Fucking horny as hell bro
Love your mate’s pet, and you love your mate.
I saw you & said damn she a dime. I never seen a girl who look so fine. But now your all mine. Gazing into those beautiful eyes that shine
Dang I wish I could see E and this Sprinkle kid as bookends for the Silver Bullets. That's a scary combo!
#DEAD DEAD RT : You gotta watch fat people, theyll eat the filter after they smoke the cigarette
Does anyone use an application on their android to track poker?
I think Diet Coke is disgusting, and I don't like most wines. #sorrynotsorry Love a good cocktail or mixed drink though. #cheers 🍸
watch MASH <3
This plays on here are the ishhhh.
So which chest-thumping "freedom-lovers" on FOX will have the balls to stand up for gay freedom?
That plan always sounds better on paper. Also works better when you are showing a movie in class.
Time can't go by fast enough.
Man Makarov was getting' on my nerves. Bout time I did something about him.
There's a first time for everything
No thank you babe, I got Two DJs I work with, thank u tho! :)
Coffee's up! We have some of the books required for summer reading
anyone see last nights game
Pluck out your eyebrows. Draw them back on.
There is def demand for media studies podcasts. Heard that expressed at SCMS.
Brazos Private Equity Partners has acquired Winebow, Inc., one of the largest importers and distributors of fine wines in the US.
Inspirational #FF to
Wow. I ate $10 worth of nuts in 3 days. I have a problem.
on #journals: inefficient distribution, stodgy in content, time consuming to manage
I am all about the #Kony2012 deal! Its getting serious. #invisiblechildren #IloveAfrica #LRA gotta go!
When I search for something on Wikipedia I get a white screen with only "24" on it. And the number 24 is on the top left corner of all pages
going cut the grass today hope it goes quickly
i cant say i have a clue hwat you were talking aboot but we shall compare this hweekend. Prouda you.
Listening to Ellie Goulding - Lights reminds me of some crazy ass nights at Solas Raleigh with
MS Word suggests I replace "helluva" with beluga. I would, but then my story would go in an entirely different direction.
Can Reggie Miller please get name right! Sorry Dre. You're too good of a player for a broadcaster to mess that up.
Make your mornings tough, then the rest of your day seems easier
okay baby. :)
Wondering when is going to test his talents on the ice with a little
it couldn't go on forever
A male that dont love his mother. Wont love the bitch either...
sounds like a plan! - on the plus side, who doesn't like extra sleep?
I was sleep dreaming about it, woke up doin it
Draft online terms of use for 9th grade education level says Ian Ballon
Really hard to pick since I love them all, but if I had to choose. Marry the night for 1st and HML for 2nd.
A fundraiser for a Christian denominations came to Las Vegas for Keen. He reported back, "I've never seen such selfish churches in my life!"
Looking for the next place to throw an event
Did either one of you get the DM I sent you last night about spam coming from your accounts? (just following up)
MLS for Owen?
Stupid ah females<<<<<<< lol
At ALISE. Great paper by Marcia Bates re framework for information professions - multiple
Forget food trucks, downtown Memphis needs a coffee truck
yo dude what's up I wanted to ask for some advice. Hit me up
amazing performance tonight!
Haircut attempt take 2
You are a great publicist! TYou
Saw some behind the scenes photos of photoshoot from Sunday very excited to see the pictures!
im 17 (: lol a little on the old side.
your bladder is full of science.
Just joined angieslist.com
the sun is shining bright in the blue skies -- oh and the thunder is booming/rain pouring.
bro really im fine and i love you
the ability to walk without stopping for breaks every 10 steps
Happy Opening Day! Go get 'em, Tigers!
the guitarist for this band ate going to start calling fans nuggets ....... So how's nugget life y'all
Worth noting that no named source has ever said team is for sale.
You can lease it for only $15
Do you think we'll FINALLY find out what did?
I would not be surprised to see Rand Paul as VP choice of
I bet it was awesome being w/ Lilo !
#IfWeAreInARelationship , cheating should never be an option, and should never cross your mind.
Just added another acoustic show at Joliet West WESTOCK! We'll have Craig Owens tickets on sale there too! Get there early bc we play 1st
I'm in NJ... never registered for that race though :(
Congrats on another great #SecretSupper event!
Pretty boy swag is like the definition of my friend cody lol xD
had a lovely time tonight
Heating up the tub for tonight's filming of week 2 of Hot Tub Sleeper Picks! Stay tuned for the episode tomorrow!
Wow. Just frackin' wow.
cause you said you sent me a tweet....
SO excited that Gary Harris committed to SPARTY!
Just poured coffee down the front of my shirt. I have a feeling today is going to be a winner!
Heading to see tonight at the Riverside? Stop into Beta for a cocktail before or after the show. Cheers to the weekend!
HEY HEY HAY BELIEBERS
I guess the Oreo turns 100 today. If you haven't already, go and get yourself some of the cake batter Oreos. Seriously, those things rock
Not a single snake is found in #Ireland. On the other hand, the only reptile found is the lizard.
Idk why i do this to myself lol.
tell them to come on by!!
Are you in AC for the games?
Where Is The Six Flags ?
RT : Hawaii has the best water patrol in the world, these guys know their shit
Cleaning up my follow list (so I can actually keep up with Twitter) feels really good. Spring cleaning, of sorts.
Snow in October proves that #Globalwarming is a myth...
I did not tweet this. did. I would never say bfast tacos here I come. (but I will dominate some bfast tacos)
CM Punk vs Chris Jericho!!! WWE Title on the line!!!! #WrestleMania Let's Go CM Punk!
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's....esp my mamma! :)
On - going back in time 400 years to see what's new in San Elizario Tx
I'm around Tallahassee now actually haha
I'm so blessed experiencing what I have.
Just listened to a little girl about four years old sing two full verses of Mary Had a Little Lamb. It was adorable.
Thankfully, combinatorially is, in fact, a word.
on it. My whole month of May is going to be 'about that life'
Bike cops all over the ina thornydale area!
RIP Mary Kennedy. Another sad story of mental illness and our country's refusal to deal with actual issues.
Do it! RT : woman in nail salon just keeps staring at me. Not even being casual. I'm about to yell BOO! in her face lol
Florida is not playing around, up 43-19 at half
I will see if we can get to 1 this year as well, only have two tickets for most games tho
PYRO PRODUCTIONS: My Last Judgment, Ashes Of Angels, The Fall Of Catalina, The Seventh Cavalry & Casanova Sat April 17 @ The Spot, 6:30, $6
95 n wisc isntt same as 95 in ga or anywhere in south baby...its called humidity ;) ..yall would burst n2 flame quickly..lol
But I had fun so it's straight
The festivities for the Lone Star Performance Explosion continue tonight at AvantGarden. 7-11pm. More great performances!
The Book of Acts // RT : What do you guys think would go on a reading list for radicals?
Traveling to #NYC to visit SourceMedia headquarters with
and yeah...hope the lakers win tonight!
The only way around is through.
no date, just lazy! And that crazy monster fed the piggies breakfast! They will take lettuce from anybody(thing!) :)))
and I need to have a Rock Band day again.
Back at the UCB Theater "studying"
i just did!
I have 2 promo codes for 's new #leanstartup app. Looking for feedback... any takers?
Like grow up smh. :o
That fake shit is NOT my style...
Thanks for the RT!
yup and you dont want them to think that
ELI it's your time!!!
Ctfu nigga iz u stupid? Nobody want they woman bein touched by everybody n the club, that shit iz a turn off
Critical Thinking and the Mayan “Prophesy” - Philadelphia Inquirer (blog)
“: I agree. I'd like to see a SG over a big man. But I trust Cal... lol”
"I mean we still bag our tippers.." lol what.
i love reading all of your inspirational quotes
Your just making yourself look bad.
DONT EVER SAY I DIDNT WARN YOU....
Had fun partying with and :)
Holy crap! Well done Matt. Will be great to hear what he has to say on the matter.
Speak boldly about what you believe deeply.
i love reading lines invoking the sea
Chandler is too on D
got anything special planned?
DEPENDING ON OTHER PEOPLE CAN BE A BAD INVESTMENT!!!!!
I had to go to my high school today and it was lame
I hope she does not get her phone taken away
Team loyalists buy season tix. Everyone else helps get you a nightly sellout. Never underestimate casual fans' power.
Just sold a lot and finished our largest Remodel project.
Since the beginning of time I believe. Remember that whole Eve and the fruit situation? lol
EVERYONE OUT THERE ON TWITTER; IF YOU ARE A BELIEBER FOLLOW ME! BIEBER MANIA HUR(:
Hey Mario.. are you looking for a hunting cabin? If so, I have a recommendation for you.. let me know..
Seriosuly spent all afternoon fangirling. I need to go to rehab or something cause addiction is a bit unhealthy...haha.
Q. What’s the difference between men and government bonds? A. Bonds mature.
can't get over this sad sad day:(((
it's like rotislav or something idk but everyone calls him rusty :D
so I take it you like the New Green Chile Rub?
Listen to i wanna go at Aaron Davis on my facebook fan page For feed back on how you like it thank you everybody :)
This mall is dope af
#lolz RT : it was like $7. Way too expensive!
I'm all about you
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?15
Peeps over thinking Romney's campaign and decisions. What he really needs to do is #gothirdperson like Newt. Peeps like that.
Good Morning having only 24 hours off last week, looking forward to this short week and a 3 day weekend. Thinking road trip.
...yeah that was the only thing that sounded cool that I said all day lol
this is & i got twitter limit on the other account. it's my 2ND account. i'll tweet you the links like now:)
Revolution throught the music!
$13 tattoos next Friday? Really, how can I say no to that?
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser.-- Arnold Palmer
At choir practice
This is the greatest.
I have to agree that was a great talk today on zones, etc. Congrats!
If 5 years ago someone told me at age 18 I'd have my dream car and be shopping in Beverly Hills, I would've said yeah right...
welcome to my Apple family little iPad..join the homesharing. you are my favorite device now.. don't tell iMac or iPhone :) <3 <3 <3 it!
Interesting... my macbook is setting my time zone to Pacific... while I am in Eastern... a message from the universe?
omg^.^ He does have one
Everything will be okay in the end, if it's not okay,it's not the end.
I heard they were working on it...good idea for a campaign, but they GOT to do their homework first next time!
It's mew-zaaam. Learn it.
Just #truth :-) Man I hope the NBA gets this deal done. I bet you are gettin bored : D Needs my Mavvies.
Stomach is hurting badly , need a Ibuprofen ( think thats how its spelled ) lbs :\
Maybe my success was a god given gift and not something I worked for every single day of my life or maybe you're just making excuses
Being single can b rough
Newt: you MUST stop a madmen if on suspension of them being a danger. Funny how we're the only nation that actually used them.
Back to reality.
Double OT at da Garden. Solid.
Joining Immersive Ed Quest chain #3dgamelab. If I never return, tell my family I love them.
Ladies and gentlemen......balls to the wall.
I kno just how u feel!
and you got em both...cuz cash rules.
haha yeah, except the class that I was in when I tweeted you we are allowed to have our phones out(:
It has been my honor.
Lol love you
/ That's very impressive.
RT or follow if you see this:)
Oh yeah “: Powerful man RT : Can I just say that I am a man amongst a room full of power women? #tradhome #DesignTV”
I'm dying of frustration. I wish I wasn't so easily riled up. It's a horrible habit.
"Western, NY Night Club Video Reviews" with YungFr3sh and Ahom Productions
Dinner @ tonic. Um are you playing all my fave songs of the 90s? I love you, even before this nommy veggie pizza!
follow me??(:
lol Those drinks went your head. See Big Face?
Loving Bieber and the Federal Tax Code
Staying on topic is a "typical liberal" thing, which you couldn't do after 1 tweet, and is by no means an insult. So, thanks.
April shimpeno & co. Photography is awesome. She is on Facebook too to check out her portfolio
Leaving you with the memory of all the highs and lows, that have come and gone. Leaving me with just a scent of spring lilac after the rain.
Everyone is so excited for the iParty extended starting, but us folks in Hawaii still hafta wait 4 hours... :(
Is it poor form to ask former editor to re-hire me now that I told her to SUCK IT? It was a paid job, after all.
Two days until the official release of the venue & theme of the 87th #DiplomaticBall!
Love the idea of connecting and sharing!
RT : trunk is FULL of stuff for tonight's play date! See you at super soon!
Big Ang is rough looking Lol all this surgery won't help her.
God is great and follow those who love him and follows his advice.
Pretty much can't do anything so sick:(
of course r u
I have a million pictures here! Another one of my fav places to shoot
me too :( it sucks!
Wait 1 more min... Seconds now
Be singing in L.A. in October! Details to come!! Hope to meet my L.A. Twitter & L.A. friends there!!!!
He's a boy that doesn't know what's in front of him, and I'm a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
Im jelly.
Awesome holiday party !
"The Greenland Effect" a little sun warmth & a bit if snow melt and WHOOSH the snow crashes from the roof. Like the glaciers
Interesting indeed! Though I think simply rebuilding ME in the footprint of infrastrctr circa 1920 would serve same need!
Fuck legalizing weed, it only helps those who have money. If you can't afford a light or to pay 60 bucks an your ducked even w/ a script
its okay i don't want to either.
Please let it be me lol
ill shit on u if ur rusty or not
- the best! Try them. You'll like them. The chocolate peanut butter one! OMG! Yummy! Tell Brendan Balance Lady sent you!
I'm blaming it on the fact that I'm colorblind.
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” ~ Nelson Mandela
I love mine!! It's so nice! I've had it since Verizon got it.
I'm gunna go deaf, I blast my head phones to the max.
HEY HOMIE.HIT ME OR DM WHEN U GET A SEC
We can create any type of the Zoho CRM Quote, Invoice, and Sales Order Template as customers need.
You can take me to see the Avengers if you really want something to do :)
Guess who's back.
Strikes me that the iPad 3 retina screen just made visual designers even more important.
I wasn't try to be mean to you but mike said he would replace us if we didn't get our service times up. So we are all on edge...
Y'all bogus !!!
I need a Fake ID.Seriously.
New mission. The party is a myth
Rhodes Battles the Legend of Booker T
“: I just finished watching a Muslim-gangster film. It was called 'Scarfface'.” okay I won't. :(
lol. Yeah, Matt just canceled hacks and hackers
Tonight was magical! Great audience and good times! Thank you for supporting Jewrican Cocktail ;-)
StumbleUpon for the iPad? Oh my! Hello procrastinating slacker inside of me, I thought I recognized you!
when will you finally notice me!
OMG Let's go for our BDays. I am 100% set on this idea!! #allstar sing off!
Living in Paris for 3 months wasn't nearly long enough. Til the day I live there again at least for now I live there in my dreams
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!
Getting manure, fish emulsion, and multiplying onions today. YAY gardening!! Don't have room to garden? Ask me. I bet you do!!
Lol!!!!! RT he wanna hit it from the back while i eat a big mac
Film producers: make a movie about the 369th Regiment, their jazz band, and the victory parade of February 17, 1919. You'll make a killing.
CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION LIVE @ RED KIVA - April 15th and 22nd Any genre welcome!smoothjazzentertainment.net
Hotel breakfasts are the trifecta of fat, sugar, and salmonella.
As it happens, I'm just leaving a meeting at 24/M right now...
Its Secret Stall Tuesday@ Sonic #Baltimore =free combo meal when u park in lucky stall>Hints 2 be given>Secret Stall is in stall 1,2,3,4or 5
Music to our ears! RT : I'll be in NOLA this afternoon! Campus visit tomorrow! The anticipation is killing me :-)
I really appreciate everything bro thank you
So, should I do #ff's or should I just get to work?
I'm sorry, It's just that my graphic designer came up with exactly what I needed for the site, so I told him to make more.
Some people wait too long despite the urging of the Holy Spirit and Chocolate cookies.
Lakers/Thunder: A-Z Preview
being alone for too long is not good for me, i think way too much.
you got it, with garlic cann bread, Yummy
which leads me to wonder about the exclusionary potential of
Please follow my original account >>> ill follow u back.
I wish that was true. Now I'm depressed.
just announced: Robin Pluer's nephew Zachary of will be joining her on stage for a song or two at Turner Hall tomorrow!
It was the local news after the game. No ABC post game unfortunately.
Just retweeted the same thing twice and it won't let me delete one:(
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities. ~ Aldous Huxley
well we're glad we could help you out :)
Sorry guys but I've been thinking im going to delete this page Im not really into Austin Now.
when you coming to Chicago again?
you boys need to calm it down :P
Football might not be around in 20 years
Angie's dad was feeding me..
And prob the most 3 pointers he's ever had in a game. “: NOW Rondo is out... 34 minutes... 20 points, 16 assists and 3 rebounds.”
All really good writing has to start with deep thinking. Any young writer who reads that Sheinin feature on Harper should contemplate that.
Use coupon code 201NOW at chainstoreguide.com and save $201 off any purchase
he'a a bitch. I'll fight him
Free breakfast at chick-fil-a haha i love it <3
happy to chat about our WWI Centenary project :)
Thanks for checking in Allison! Are you having a good time with us?
Gunna destroy respiratory today!
come on need more ppl to like
I have too pee
Send me a Sins shirt to rock in front of 13000 kids at PXY Summer Jam, El Diablo.
ON TO THE NEXT ONE :) RANGERS
looks like a perfect ass in a thong
Pictures of me...and other stuff from my friend's computer. Fortunately no top secret documents I'm meant to hide and he is still alive.
thanks for following :)
Trying to get 40 followers by next wednesday! Please help and F O L L O W!!
MT Shout out to #Bangor; my home town! Go Will. ": Happy New Year! Playing table tennis in Bangor on Tues."
At the gym
loving the new avi.
Workout and viewing of the Avengers is complete. I appreciated the LOTR reference.
You already know, that was some Bruce Lee Shit!!!
that one's at my parents house!
Happy birthday me (:
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll check things out for you
It's so beautiful outside!! I want to be in the sun so badly!!!!! :(
2 tickets to first who replies: Chocolate Farmer (East Coast Premiere),Trocadero Theater, April 24 at 7PM. Part of the Phila Science Fest.
Don't envy other's success! You have no idea what past hardships or present struggles they've had to endure to get there.
Dear Twitter, Who can give me a reference to Haptic Interfaces from Popular SciFi Literature?
Need to dig in and get this script done. (Won't happen today, about 30 pages to go, but maybe this weekend or early next week)
ur the expert. Won't tools to limit exposure will also reenforce "opportunity gap" for small investors and entrepreneurs? Tradeoffs!
If you could lure to Baltimore I'd be grateful.
you media streamers and your booze!! so precious and so dangerous! ;-)
Where did the money go?
I like Phil Alvarez's RBI per Hit ratio...but he only has 4 hits.
#Boston Neighborhood Network's doc "My Summer In The City" Directed by Jonathan Rizzo was accepted to the #BostonInternationalFilmFestival!!
I'm drawing a protective circle around your birds as I type this -- and you too If you do run home.
Wine makes funerals tolerable. Please serve tequila & scotch at mine.
to grab a club outfit
About to play scene it.
oh! Haha but I don't ever see you at school ! Lol
gotta love when u get an epiphany!!
morning, mom!
Let's Network a Bit-- RT this for a week full of shoutouts:
WOO WOO WOO! YOU KNOW IT!
No more Mr. Nice Guy
My attitude today is much like a Limp Bizkit song. Shitty.
Either twitter search sucks right now or the #sbads hashtag is useless. >100 tweets for #makeitplatinum & 1 is from
workn on wat the videos that get ppl so hot n heavy lol
#blogchat Ouch - you are on a roll tonight!
Me, at an emergency potty break: Squeeze your cheeks together, you can make it! JT, scrunching face tightly: Why am I squeezing my cheeks?!
I voted for you.
What to watch...the PGA Masters or Peppa Pig?? Of course that's a no-brainer!!
Would like to rewrite codes and make my #Mac app to be compatible with the #newiPad. Good idea? :-)
Congrats! Will you offer any vegan options, perchance?
"Some people are only funny when they try to be serious." -Nassim Nicholas Taleb from "The Bed of Procrustes"
i'm sick & what about you?
but dem king sized zig zags wit the orange package they in, those last almost as long as blunts, ima have to try dem king raws
Life insurance... It's for the living! 303-922-1001
Would u agree that Semin needs to pick it up to his potential?
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. - Vivian Greene
do you wear socks while you're sleeping? #askSarah :)))
Just watched a new good luck Charlie :)
Yes,we serve plenty of vino at my cooking classes!
Time to go and swim in the ocean.
sounds like you struck a nerd chord (is that in the key of C# perhaps?) with the DevOps talk; nice work!
Rox going to score in double digits and win for Keli tonight! Go Rox!
H is going on a music tour february 10,2012 hope to see you @ the shows thanks YoBoy-H
golic just left for the pepto
at least Chelios no longer plays so we don't have to hear "Chris Chelios is 46" from Doc every 4 seconds.
About to fill my august calendar up!
. I saw the 'Net version of a "High Five" today, for the first time: ^5 ...
Summer Reading......#notfun :/
Days like today are what I live for in New Orleans. Gorgeous weather, people everywhere, parades gating ready to roll! It's a good day, NOLA
When's the next one?
laughed too hard at title alone, didn't even get to the article yet
wonders why the smell of Black chicks puts David Bowie's spine out of place. And what does that say about his wife?
I like that name. Soomo. I want to keep saying it. Soomo. Soooooomo.
Headed out on a Sunday afternoon bike ride w/ my handsome husband. First we have to find the bike lock keys.
Don't forget to attend the 198 Band performance tonight at St. Pete's History Museum.
HeHeHe! I'm going to have to borrow your "us ordinary mortals", can come in handy for any occasion!
Sometimes it feels like my 7 year old thinks more clearly that 85% of adults that I encounter.
Eve, change your avi. A duckface is NOT professional.
Hope all this rain stops before I get out of work in a few hours. Normal traffic is bad enough. Add rain and chaos happens.
Jacques was a good man
Time to call it a night. "It's a night." ;) Hope yours is a good one!
feeling #wrathful?
thanks for the shoutout!
I think ud like Portland, we have the best fans in the league hands down, ur from the PNW, Aldridge wants u, tha Rose needs you!
“: Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online. Don't get besides yourself and think that you're ballin' with followers now -_-”
Yeah. Trust me Hoai, I rather have an older dude.
and i thought he started the SOTU witt "dunh duh"
Happy B-day Little Brother! I love you so much, I have so many good times w/ you, looking forward to more! <3
They're trying to get O.J. out of jail?!
that's awesome!!! I'm a second year now..ha.. I gotta update my profile
Time for spin class!!!
No kidding. How propaganda will spin it. RT North Korea is now 0-3 in rocket tests. Or, as they say in Pyongyang, "flawless."
Read Atlas Shrugged three times. Movie excellent, better than expected.
Bob Fellmeth, CAI Executive Director, begins press conference for release of “State Secrecy & Child Deaths in the US” report, 2nd ed.
I just got a curtesy laugh from my 1 yr old. I'm on fire.
GGRRR! *ahem* ... I mean, have splendiferous day!
YES!!! Christams vacation is almost here! :)
If you haven't already, go see Moon, The Hurt Locker, District 9 and Inglourious Basterds. You'll thank me.
I can't believe you're a Rangers fan, talk about leaving at bad taste in your mouth...
Due to the demand for tweet fodder nowadays it's necessary to clarify, "porn, the kind with lots of fucking in it"
he spent more time describing how to prepare the crap than on why it's good for you. That's when you know it sucks...
I never get your text. Do u have my new #?
I love covering sports but man some ppl are just crazy
the pic just looks very staged w/the wrench and everything but you definitely don't have to hide in a hole.
Slowly but for surely I&#39;ll b there.....
- make sure to stop in to Massage Envy for the best professional massage or facials.
Basketball all day all night
Oh trust me, I know. jk Anyways good luck with the love life. It's a pain in the dick.
#PTSD and #TBI are lumped together. They are treated very differently, but there is some overlap.
Thanks for the FF! Have a good weekend
A.B.N. Always Be Networking: smile, eye contact, say hello, break the ice, small talk, at your kid's sports, air terminal, line at the bank
James have you read the Research of D. Otto Warberg circa 1931 Cancer research.
I will never understand why tv spies/cops/agents don't just shoot the escaping criminal IN THE LEG. Not dead, but can't run.
Hey Thanks for the follow! Cooking up anything good today?
I'm looking around but I don't see you. Can you give a wave?
Can everyone follow she's super sweet and she's T-Moneys cousin, I promise its worth it :)
In and out in and out in and out Haha
Because Perez Hilton IS a monkey!
would you have any interest in getting your cell phone service for free ? emiliemanagement.mylightyear.com
Yes, Bron Bron missed two big FTs - but Wade was all over the place in that last minute. Needed a breather. #IsHeOld?
Watching the movie (players) on smart phone bb ....... Like the song ho gayi tun !!
best of luck to you!
try 500 bro
Happy New Year Boo! :)
Love this on this snowy morning: "Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity." H. Jackson Brown. Now out for a run!
Yeah you got cocky -_-
Absolutely exhausted.
A1: there used to be 5-10 kinds of "widgets," now there are entire supermarket aisles dedicated to them
watching people eat fascinates me, especially in foreign countries....
is this working?
Mine was perhaps past prime and had more than its fair share of bitterness. I found it interesting, though.
If genomes were sequencing genomes sooner, pharmacogenomics would be natural.
(AP) - Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
with to go pick up Brandon Rhodes and Lizeth something . lol.
oops I packed all my clothes and now I have nothing to wear.
So... what's up Tweeters!? Whats new... anyone got any special plans for this upcoming July 4th weekend!!!??
So... yeah. Long time, no tweet. I promise that I haven't fallen off of the face of the planet, but family comes first!
im not really on twitter every day
SLUT! I bet you were BORN naked. !
Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word? You did? TAKE YO ASS BACK TO SCHOOL!
why cant i just give life the middle finger and go live on the beach for the rest of my life.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Ben & Jerry's - Dessert (live updates)
The only places I sweat are my feet and hands. Because of this, my shoes smell like something died in them.
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will host 1:30 PM workshop on obtaining external grant funding for your research
Currently shredding it up at #SXSW with a huge interactive wrapped bus. Austin is cool for some rockin'
That's a GREAT question. Eager to see the replies.
I don't get the keep calm and carry on statuses
yes please!
Haha, I know. I just see Twitter as just a place to put Facebook statuses haha.
Who is having a great year already? Who is struggling? We want to pray for you.
The care and maintenance of your ring will be much less if you choose titanium
Excited to preach "Shaken by The Spirit" for tonight at
I'm figuring you fell asleep. If you happen to wake up in the middle of the night text me. Thx.
Hey ya'll. we are temporarily closed because of a gas leak. Yikes. Will reopen at 4pm today. Sorry inconvenience.
I hate that new twitter bolds people's real names and not their handles. I don't know people by their real names!
March madness
Too many people spend money they haven’t earned, to buy things they don’t want, to impress people they don’t like
we did beat them once this season
thanks for the follow and for all your great work!
Hee hee! RT : MOl! No wonder I cant hear music.. dang sound is turned off .. Pfft
Teen mom 2 :)
My phone works again, yaaaaay!!!!
#HeatNation gets so quiet when they're losing
Wouldn’t it be so much easier to #planyourwedding if you could guarantee weather this fabulous?
How warm? Coming from Atlanta, hoping for a nice temperature change
Just seen a grown man cry cuase he pooped his shoulder
My first pet was a cactus.
One attains what one seeks in life. Those who pursue the world gain the world. And those who seek the Self shall attain the Self.
Obama says he is going "try to accomodate" concerns about his religious oppression. How condescending.
i would follow but thats another aspect of my life that i don't want it in
“: Regional 3-point Contest with .....”do your thing.
Coming back to Florida anytime soon? The Sunshine State misses you! :]
RT : #quote via : What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. Henry David Thoreau
Love the commercials on during
No doubt he misses STL, mostly due to his family.
who's leaving
Sporting KC players and Trent Green are just up the street signing autographs. Just might stop by.
That's good! && I hope I can go, lol. That's cool(:
hell yeah! May the force be with you.
Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to get to know you more.
Watching #glee now, Blaine's brother is HOT!!
Public Citizen on Obama scheduling Gulf lease sale: "It won’t lower oil or gas prices, and it puts taxpayers on the hook for accidents."
Ima bout to tell my bf ;wanna be friends and school to fuck off
thanks boo
The Writers' Radio Resource seeks to be a valuable source of information and motivation for aspiring writers around the globe.
- Just finished my lessons- pretty good day. Glad u r enjoying yours. Bonne nuit.
toured the new and "green" Perry Hall branch of the Baltimore County Public Library today.
after having worked w/her daughter on speech & language developmt throughout her life. So lucky to be in a field where ppl shed happy tears!
Find out how to get a free 25% percent off today! pic.twitter.com/8Iegpz6E
Recording 'unconvincing erotic' sex noises for a play is a strange prospect...
How is beating the Lakers beating "the best"? They ain't the best!
The hole in my tights is cutting off circulation in my big toe. Hurry up, summer! Hurry!
but at the same time, the public is gonna tear him (or anyone) today for trying to rag on a racial story that should even mattr
Bachelor - a perfect product placement last night with the girls in a private screening of Titanic 3D.
Have you ever asked a painter what brand of paint they use? Try it. It says a lot about the quality of the painter. The best use the best.
how will budgeting be different this year?
The worse it gets out there, the fewer anti-union a-holes pipe up on this channel. More than ever before: it's time to organize!
It's not exactly a "monday funday" if you're drinking red wine alone and crying
Happy Holidays my Dear Dear friends......!!
Branding yourself is important for online and offline business, and marketing because you want to build relationships with people.
Who comes out from flipping brgrs in a suit?
COME ON BROXTON!!
Just kidding! I'm on the season 2 finale of htmiia. But Greg was great!
If you don't like the story you keep telling yourself, divorce it. Create a new story that will benefit you. Love it!
What's all this about a SHOOTING RANGE?
Forget the #Patriots, any chance the #Bruins can sign Mario Williams to play defense?
Working on vdn and interface issues for clients in CA, NY, WV, and WA today.
Awesome! RT : Great game. Thanks for the tickets. Even made it on TV after the game...
battery is
Evid calling out at fundraising events works... now that i know this, the possibilities are endless.
Some people do dumb shit to try to be cool. well guess what your not cool your just a dumb ass
On set for 'Static' with - Love love love this brilliant cast! :)
Glad you didn't - and glad you have made it to a better place.
Congrats - you will be seeing TONIGHT ! You'll receive a DM soon. And good luck w/ finals!
make sure dat shit is purple right before you pour it
So tired
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. -Seneca
ya I was taking about Kobe
Totally agree and am doing just that, friend! :)))
It's been so long since I've tweeted on Twitter that I am going through serious Twitter withdrawals.
Finally able to watch Hulu and Amazon on my appletv thanks to and XBMC!
aw thanks bro! i'll do anything for my boys! still workin on getting u some new stuff
BUSY...HOW BOUT URSELFFF
what's goody? I will be home later. Call me.
look up... #stars in the sky
Ahh How about a salad and a calzone or a nice hoagie?
The Office > human sexuality paper
Let's go UNC!! #Tar Heels
packing for my trip to 'Nawlins!
suck my cockiness...lick my persuasion
I just had a great training this morning on article marketing. And it was free! Ask me how you can receive this same training.
! (: Thanks you are really a fan of bella ! <3 love U !
If I were commissioner I'd make it where any sort of complaint at all about a call (verbal or nonverbal) = instant T
TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR HEALTH! Oral Health affects overall health. Get the best oral care SYSTEM: Paste & Rinse work Together: www.closys.com
Got asked out three times this week.
A good mentor can start you off on, steer you or help you find your journey. INVALUABLE! Mine is
Figuring out this retweeting thang. I wonder what the score in the Eagles/Cardinals is.
one hell of a show last night in Dallas man! Hope to see you back in Dallas soon. Peace!
I text people to say that im outside their house instead of knocking.
i hope you speak English because you are beautiful
I think the Big Bucket next door is open late (or all night?). I'm going to see about getting a foot/reflexology massage.
Omg Yess You'll Be The Only One =*
sorry about that!
Seattle has so much to look forward to for 2012/2013.
Nice! Very excited
how did you do tht if you get him to follow me it would mean the world to me!<3<3
~Tony Melillo, designer
Oh, it's started! 7 packages and 1 envelope! It's like Christmas!
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
Time for a short break before the next session of concurrent presentations.
San Diego, you stay awesome!
Stoked for and Bright futures ahead. Go buy their albums on
#Devils that's all.
who did they get for odom?
this guy dropped off 4 kitties and if no one took them they would get sent to the pound so if anyone wants a kitty they are free!!
is a judge on the X Factor now? Definitely gonna start watching it.
Memories? Shit! I got my first boner watching girls on AB. I told him that once and he laughed. Keep Rockin man
I like cheese
s/o tu lil fake ass aint heard from u n a while
- I owe an O'Doul's too
Would have liked to hear more about instructional design from the first speaker in this panel. That the tools exist isn't enough info
lol I've been looking for someone like you for a LONG time! :D
Choose to purchase a Choosey Chicks gift certificate for that Choosey Girl in you life this holiday season..www.chooseychicks.com
Send our great friend your love!!!
Thanks! Hope you get to try it out soon!
fuck me, you don't get much hotter than that!
how they treating you out there maam? This is my first tweet to the world...well to you ahahahah
Here's some quick reactions on draft while I have a minute: Travis Benjamin = meh. Fast but there were better wr options imo.
first I have heard
Divine's clinic Promo ￼:Try our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening peel off mask only 150 K.Info:021 31908203,3922021,087880536758.Sorry BM
at the end of Q1 Bakersfield leads Dakota 33-23.. Great ball movement as 7 Jam players have 4 or more points
you can dm us for the number? Lol idk
Lil' Bow Wow is now Bow Wow, Lil' Romeo is now Romeo, when is Lil' Wayne gonna grow up?
can you play "Want U Back" by Cher Lloyd?
excited for the #creativeconnectionSD event tonight! ps-ladies, bring some luck with you for some fun giveaways!
Can't wait to do some liveblogging!! : use hashtag #tedxclt for this year's Dream Makers & Risk Takers October 15
Prosser: #Jaguars franchise could not survive Gene Smith passing on Blackmon if he's available at #7 Huh??
The pull out method, it's all about confidence. Compliments of Matt Stankiewicz
I'm coming to the tour!! Just to see you, hopefully you come out after to sign autographs :) Uniondale, Long Island
Damn how this happen its like a complete turn around
The Lakers looking kind of big out there
Awesome, 17 tracks for free!? Put 'em on the shelf and I'll buy 'em. Definitely spreading the reasons for you, all six of 'em!
Paco bought a Honda?
#NYUgarage event with & certainly is packed.
Thank you do much. Great review.., Love it!
will u plz follow me
badass places dude!
lol okay then :P
Bruh has marion always started graduation this early?
I loved reading in Minneapolis. Ian and Euan Kerr thanks for the care you put into your interviews. It was a pleasure.
did good on the voice I love that kid and his 'SWAGGIE' I love that but #TeamBieber and
Such a rainy, sleepy, lazy day...
follow back and
House debating texting bill. Holmes wants equal enforcement - no profiling
If they keep playing like they have over the last two weeks, there will be a lot more people talking about them.
I hope we get a good dousing like the south has had the last couple days...we'll need some good luck! :-)
Not really feelin school today…
ALL IN! Think we will get Boss and Smith back?Glad Hixon,Thomas and Tryon signed.
is hot. That's all there is to it
Things that were confirmed last night: I am Still tone deaf and suck at karaoke!
Broadway previews begin tonight for !
Nick Gillam and Austin Day sliding into him
Lust @ 1st site..
yep up to date... Now if monkey survey doesn't like chrome that's a different thing....
#Dbacks lineup not the same without Upton, Young in it: Bloomquist, Hill, Kubel, Montero, Roberts, Overbay, Pollack, Parra, Hudson.
nice suckable lips u have
Nice one!
I enjoyed it a lot, but the handful of times I used it didn't justify. I'm more than happy with the pic quality of the 4S.
Opened my eyes, it was only just a dream ♫♪
So 's simsimi, Dylan, is freakin super nice to her and mine,Liam, is just mean to me! Mines just rude!
So precious! :-)
Did I miss anything exciting today?
I just RSVP'd as a MAYBE. I'm cranking away here at work. If I finish early, I'll try and make it! Thanks K!
thanks for brightening the corners of my Monday.
Thanks for letting me know.
You're very welcome!♥
this is the day that the lord his made. i will rejoice and be gladd in it.
dang twitter is 100 thousand times better then facebook :)
I was thinking those that have had their 15 minutes of fame already. Except you, of course. :)
It's good to know that my best friend will laugh at me when I perform tomorrow q
#BackInElementarySchool i smashed all da cookies
Heavy chest workout today. Isolated upper pecs. 45 second breaks with isolated movements focusing on pump and exhaustion.
Locker rooms are so boring. That is why I tweet.
": yes it is! And u ain't respond to me Missy"Lmao oops when u coming next game Wednesday
Don't forget to stop in tomorrow uptown for free NuFace demos!
Prepare for the worst, pray for the best. Is that how it goes?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!!!!! finally its my birthday
come back soon
West Louisville has a derby feel to it. Very electric.
i put #chariesheen into tweetdeck. i think i had a minor seizure.
This new PEL grant thing is a bit shitty.. just sayin..
Maybe that's what causes dreams....closed eyes & an open mind. Yeah it was pretty obvious.
Every evening write a plan for the next day, listing your daily things to do. It is important that you actually write your tasks.
Summer goals: Internship, direct+product two shows.
Ziplining on Freemont street is amazing!!! Gotta do again
I dunno :O
what does it mean....I being hacked and my page is being covered by embedded programing
Congrats babe on the new job
#Oomf moms a FREAK
Is it wrong that I wish Rob Gronkowski spoke like a caveman?
if u following me...and I fart do u smell it?
Welcome to my new followers! I have been remiss in acknowledging you.
We should make a cereal
You could say that about most things in schools.
Good luck chica!!!!
Kobe is the only player in the NBA that gets compared to Michael Jordan
"If I don't have a girl on each leg, what am I doing?" -
this would be the time to call upon all the knowledge gained by playing far cry 2.
Really? Omg. A soldier. Someone defending all their lives.
Cause I could find a man and not a boy. Yes you'll soon see what you're missing. Did you get what you came for? Yeah, you're a heartbreaker.
tap cards take most of your money :( lol . Those bitches.
very sorry to hear about the migraine, hope you have an effective way of treating them, I know how difficult that can be.
uhh yeah friends... I ill follow you.
Brooks Laich is a beast. He should be wearing the "C".
The act of determining legitimacy is critical to any authorty
Are there any yelp/angieslist type resources out there for renters? Specifically to write reviews about lame landlords?
The kid next to me just downed 2 energy drinks, pretty gross.
70 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event. Stop by after work and find a new best friend... help us make it to 100 tonight!
your welcome dear meant it from the heart!
#Only #Austin #Can #Make #Hashtags #Look #Cool!(;
" Intelligence Wins Over Ignorance All The Time. "
": Morning folks!!!"<=morning baby
Went to workout today & lost 5 lbs since Monday's workout. Must be dehydrated from the unusually hot weather. How do people gain weight?
Glad you liked the photo! She does look proud, doesn't she? I'm just loving observing her but it's heck on my productivity.
You had me at Neese's. Can't wait to see the new menu!
Hi Luka's mom. Can I have your contact information, I would like to discuss Luka's singing career.
I SEE BIG THINGS 4 U IN THE FUTURE..BACK TO THE TOP..SQUIRRELS ARE WISE..WE SEE THANGS UP HIGH IN DA TREE..UM, HMM...T/F/S..
Aren't you going to be here for the wedding?
is dad coming from sf today?
If I stay in this house any longer. . . I am going to eat up everything in here !
Shake off the blahs and hop in your cahs and come see us in Scottsville. We'll make you smile. I'm smiling just saying so.
We still have plenty of bikes! Stop by to pick one up! We special order as well!
i haven't been to the village in 20+ years, need to go there again too. but that museum....sigh. just thinking about it. :)
A trip to the ATL would not be complete without grits. Guess what we are having for dinner? ;)
Once upon a design ...
Back dcommutes rotation of two commuter mugs.
Well, rising as much as it can!!!
ugh, def needed something sweet & closed over an hour early tonight!!! THANK GOD for !!
Happy Friday. Make this weekend great. Plan time to get off the sofa and into a workout routine BEFORE the football games start.
LOLL this guy legit came in here to ask a chick to slap him as hard as she could for some experiment LOLL.
"this better be pretty freakin important, is the meadow on fire?"
omg funny you say that. i'm actually getting Chipotle for dinner tomorrow. the image has been in my head far too long.
This is stupid. We've sunk to their level
Buckeyes need to step up their game bad shot selections lack of fluidity on offense/defensive end.this gm could slip away quick
or to eat pizza at the Sink... or to smell the fish guts on the Norlin Quad... or to enjoy the leftovers of
Is the number of retweets going to be lower on April Fools (don't want to naively retweet a prank) or higher (humor value)?
ops. Did you see the latest tweet.
Good night world. Tomorrow's a new day, new adventure.
about 2 eat dinner 
Ellison's story is one of my favs, but for style, not world creation; hard to think Niccol "stole" the idea.
I didn't get a call from tonight :(
And since I have a 6:45 a.m. shift tomorrow, that's a wrap for me. G'night, folks!
Somewhere, someone needs a reason to believe. Don't let your fire for #God burn out!
Some girls need to chill with their boy obsessions.
An trip to Wembley to beat Merseyside rivals Liverpool in the FA Cup Semi-Finals? Worth the 4:30AM wake up call.
Had such a great weekend off, seeing everyone! Back on that grind.
Every time you "LOL" to your own joke, especially when it isn't funny, a kitten dies somewhere! FYI
omg I love the beastie boys!
thank you so much! This made my day, truly. Sorry I have been away from twitterverse till now. Very sweet of you to tweet!
Usher Raymond is so fuc*ing sexii ☺
Hatley Branch Library Book Club meets on Tuesday May 8th at 2pm. Reading "Little Bee" by Chris Cleave. Coffee & Dessert after discussion.
your gonna say "papers fly up in the air" ? Hahaa ;) *bell rings * *papers fly up in the air* bahaha jk I understood what you were
that day will come soon for both of us :) 2 special EliTes
Congrats to and the for advancing to Round 2. Keep it rolling!
Thanks for the retweet :) Everyone who reads this, follow this girl ! :)
Fuck me in the...now my heart is sunk
what;s june Ninfe?
send a cd to: Sunset Island Music 1348 Fruitville Road, Suite 302 Sarasota, FL 34236
M brought me Los Cuates!I have no reason to live without a Kickin BAND!!!!!!Bummed.
Thanks to the lovely ladies of for coming in for industry night. I am looking forward to trying their ceviche very soon!
HAHA. No but it's SO LOUD. It even scared the cats.
Nope--trying to stick with airplane mode & wi-fi only. Seeing the lack of Internet access, that may have been a mistake.
One issue will almost certainly be continuous updates made to the ODNB.
Word on the streets is that is the secret hideaway bar for Reds players. . .
survival of the fittest sick person- in olden days.
#HappySaturday all, gotta get off my butt and go shopping, actually have something to do tonight!
Fat people running... #giggle :)
Hates getting behind old people while driving...
Escondido man hit by drunk driver in his own backyard has compound fracture to leg and broken bones in face (but in "fair" condition)
Enjoy the journey! RT : Listening to the Brian Blade Fellowship gets me in a mood to take a road trip.
- Specialize in marble cleaning, polishing, repairing, restoration, honing, sealing, stain removal, crystallization and more.
I have some saxophonists who have issues playing staccatos in our jazz funk chart. They aren't fat enough. Any suggestions?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. ~Anne Frank~
HAPPY HOUR IS ON NOW FOLKS!! Time for a hump day cocktail!
Why are you so beautiful ?
Sitting here thinking about all the things I'll never experience. Like, I'll never know what it feels like to wear a pair of Wranglers.
love u 2
safe travels yo
i put my tv on pause before i left three hours ago. & it's still right where i left it. yes !
Watching professors get bombarded by hopeful future grad students. I hope to be pestered like that some day.
Bout to fire it up here at west Canada, let's get this ORM party started!
Its official. We are moving to Thank you.
hahaha happy to entertain you:)
In class again, just got done with the part 1 of my life science test :) thanks to my biology teacher from Valley, i still remember shit
After a little snow on Saturday, we had a great #Reno day for practice today. 5 different HS & Colleges staffs in attendance for Practice 4.
Will finish Adrian McKinty's LIGHTHOUSE LAND today & start TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG by Connie Willis
We've officaly kicked off the North Coast Brewing Co. Night! Head on down to the corner of 13th & Vine to try 7 different NCBC Beers on tap!
Movies with the babe and the roomie :-)
Hey check out she is a few followers away from having 2500
Army PT shirt + Basketball shorts = True Comfort
Uniform day tomorrow in JROTC the one day my grades actually benefit from me having that Swagg nobody else does.
haha. One of my fave sayings is shut up and put it in your mouth.
": #MentionTo someone who knows you better than you know yourself." you're my girl, love you!
love the Go Mobile TV app for my room TV. Great use of QR.
thank you so much for the follow and the extremely kind words on our class blog(&reminds me, I need to clean that up b4 sept!)
Has pinterest been a good tool for you? Seeking advice from the greatest :)
I love a good Stossel show! RT show this wk (9pm EST), talks about how Hollywood gets capitalism wrong.
Good day. I have your strings on nearly all of my Warwick and Spector basses & Funkmasters on my Fenders. Best strings ever!!
I am trying to figure out what to do today go to tally lake or have a bbq with family
you are so cute! i love you! :)
RT : Ooh, X-Factor. Where the music industry takes two prime time TV slots a weekend to advertise its artistic bankruptcy.
is amazing:)
Aaaargh. Bastardo! Wait. Belt belts it.
Apologies for the silence - it's been just shy of nightmarishly busy, and I haven't been able to do #NaNoWriMo at all *grr*
Yep, got my eating clothes on. Love that they put spandex in skinny jeans now. Going to chow myself stupid today!
It was, huh? ;) RT Today I went for a swim in the Charles, it was wonderful!
- I Love And ,You My Inspiration!!MUCH LOVE.
hey guys, I can't help that I have a very wide vocal range....
You're not cute.
Hello Feryl, we are looking for a Mrs. Iowa delegate to compete at our Natl. pageant in Orlando in June!
How can you possibly force me to pick between my boyfriend and my family?
I think it was a language thing.
what's up Sandra..I see you..LoL
kickstart my Heart is my fav. The lyrics and that groove, its just awesome.
Two words: "It burns!"
If you won't say it in the streets, don't say it in your tweets.
Congrats! Keep on going because you teach me a lot!
They just haven't shown up today. As mentioned, they could have still snuck into the top 4 but now it's munich or bust
totes - that guy's the boss!
Can't debate ideologues or religious fundies. *sigh*
at the barbershop gettin lined up before I fly out to #denvermarch to livestream the #powwow on
hey I'm upset so you should try to make me laugh a lot during your stickam okay
road to utopia? (:
Petition to get off Twitter #stopCole ;-)
Star Trek themed pub quiz kicks off at 7pm sharp. Be here or be ❒
doing Whitney proud on right now. Damn. Crazy improvement in vocals & confidence in this girl since day 1
<3. Of course we are. Will you be able to go?
Pearon's e-textbooks approach: anytime/anywhere (web, mobile, integrated with LMS)
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you!
ima let GOD handle it
Alex Fry, semi-finalist and freshman at Point Park University, loves Regina Spektor and thinks she's brilliant!
Jersey Shore all day bitches ! <3
What's behind the violence problem in Chicago? laying out the problem- and solutions- with right now.
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
Love the snow! Want to get together for ice cream, grilled cheese and scotch? Again. Soon? Miss you. xo
Chris so will you answer my question why you answer my random questions on fb and quit avioding this
your momma let you date, bby?
"Bring on all the pretenders. One day we will be remembered,"
Considering how long the patcher is taking I might have it ready by then lol:P~
#10FactsAboutMe I love cheesecake!
Fell smack down on my hip bone dancing today...fml i am going to be sore tomorrow, I just know it!
To the old bitch who I live with. If I fucked up tell me so I can fix what I did. Instead of trying to throw my shit away!!!
Yea that would be great!!
2nite: MangoMarinatedChickenFajitas Hand-pounded mango marinated w/peppers, onions, asparagus &pineapple & melted fiery pepper jack cheese.
Got up early to see this morning and excited learn some new tricks to impress my boss!
Tonight at , I'm celebrating my B-Day everybody free till 12 & we have giveaways all night W/ on the 1's &2's!!
at dinner with my family(: how about you ?(:
will do! text mee!
you are always too kind!
WHAT!? Where is Blake shelton?!?
TEAM EAST!
Schamp: We have to make decisions in this district before we know our budget at all.
OMG it will be like a real spa experience! You are so clever!
etch daz time on the sides of your head to prove dedication. Otherwise you're just playing kiddie games.
N HOW IS THAT DM ME
I read Time Magazine for the articles.
hieee and me :D
Morris or Torain if he's there. I don't like A Smith or K Williams at all
TGIF, Meetings meetings meetings today.
I'll get to you with my sched, but Sat is full... Talk soon!
I've never been in Twitter jail...
good question lol. I guess to keep the distance a little interesting. But wat u actually get out of it, no idea.
/ Very well said! It makes too much sense to resonate. Keep up the fight!
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
I'll be seeing you tomorrow then. cc:
thanks for the follow Jams!
Tip of year for all you self help gurus that give out advice so freely; "The day after tomorrow is the 2nd day for the rest of your life"
And well the #Blackhawks lost. womp
Just did my first insanity workout that shit crayyyyy!!!
will do, I don't have much money, but I'm learning that time is money.
Lol the Knicks are embarrassing the celtics and I love it
My grandmother was in very poor health and my last memories of her are from when she was healthy--so there's that.
Superfluous wealth can buy superfluities only.
#scgla That was an awkward transition at all, Patrick.
im not a paperdoll u can just fk around with love u man
Amarillo, Texas. Yep. thats where Im at. That means closer to Michigan :/
me: tell Prince I say hello Husney: sure
is DAT DUDE . MY dude . MY prom date . MINE .
"Dear Pearson, My kitty doesn't have sleeves either, but we don't eat her." - Anna, Pre-K
seriously man. They just blend in during the day.
I fell asleep halfway through. The fact that Ramirez went 4-for-4 w/ game-winner (his was bat being delivered), saved piece
glad I skipped it!
I thought it was gonna be your wedding video.
Aloha from Indiana! Your welcome.
...and i'm not aunt krit, I'm aunt Twit. lol I'm cool with it tho! thassss my baby
"That which you can't be with owns you" -Dwight Frindt
Happy Friday all
Excited to hang out with some smart folks at #IHSMDC tonight!
The state of Self-Realization is described as beyond the furthest limit that you can reach through your material equipments.
i did. Cross me and ill do it again.
haha no, thank you!
he'd probably say somebody needs to fix the truck.
The Easter bunny skipped my house this year.. #WheresMyCandy?
GETTIN READY TO FINISH UP DA REST OF VIDEO
