Let's go Heat! Get it done. No injuries.
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
Will you follow me so I can reply?
Man what a fun night at Sambuca360! We look forward to playing there again real soon!
Rihanna, Terry Richardson Photo Shoot: Singer Flaunts Butt in Short Shorts
Finished off the codin for some out of scope polish to try and make the client happy. Dev always has to take partial blame for scope creep.
Ok so now we have to play against the officials too?
"It's not the great challenges that cause successful leaders to fall; it is the ignoring of the small things." Erwin McNanus
do you know what city?
Despite popular belief.. I hold back on Tweeting 80% of my thoughts...
"GET YOUR FINGERS OFF THE EMULSIONS. STOP TOUCHING THE PHOTOGRAPHS." Nerdy archivist dreams.
Is it 5 yet? I need
Blow Out T-Shirt SALE. www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Wahooooo! So excited to see you all!
I'm so pastey white. Can't wait to blind everyone with my skin this summer.
jaden got cute wow
For our newbies. Come join us for our Newbie Yogi Workshop with Anne Sat. 3/10 - 3-5:30pm.
everyone wants somthing from you
First day of school for ALL The dollz , went Great . So blessed <3
I smell a worm, Reince, and it ain't of the female persuasion.
Phase 3 starts tomorrow!!! ;)
safe to say that Spurs are gonna go 3-0
this makes me want to say bad words.
My prayers have been answered! Roger Goodell is suspending the #ProBowl! Wait? Suspending? So it could come back?
-- EWWWWW! Thank God I don't eat Lobsters
follow it's just one button to press :)
Would it be okay if I took your breath away?
I like that Granger stood up to Lebron after the headband incident. Get in his head through his hair (or lackthereof).
Drafting Courtney Upshaw is that much bigger, the Defense will be fine esp w/ a healthy Haloti & the young guys on the d-line getting better
hmm not sure. bartender said he wasn't doing $10 lunch special or those sandies. i went w/in lunch hrs 1:30ish? i'll try again
That must've been cool! RT : At Luncheon w/ Andrew Millar Her Majesty's Consul General
Good luck today !! I'm proud to call you a friend!
Tonight! on stage !!!
While I was silent, meaning there is I want you to start a word was said.
thx for doing so much work so us... ur fans can enjoy ur concers, cds, and so on THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!! i love what u do and u
In 1 hour, it's Blackhawks v. Red Wings. $5 22oz bud/bud light drafts, $16 domestic buckets and $5 effen black cherry cocktails!
Apple is defining the performance/capacity of flash Johnathon Violin Memory
hii! How are you??(:
You get to spend your work hours playing games, something illicit where other desk jobs are concerned
We see tomorrow :)
#vampirediaries now don't g killing the originals!
Thinking about going to Titanic 3D by myself tonight but not going to tell anyone because that would be embarrassing
already loaded (~);}
too much fun tonight!
ha. Read all tweets before asking...
RT : Microsoft has bid $5 Billion for Skype...Obviously nobody told them they can download it for free from the website.
fans like you are the reason we play thanks so much and spread the word! You rock
are you aware that there is a google office with one of yr comics hanging in the womens' restroom? if not, then
oh and I love how that was your first tweet ! :3
Making money is easy, just create massive value for others lives.
Yikes! Talk about an actor being UNprofessional!
Good morn every1! Think i got my acct st8ned out now. Sorry if u got any DMs from me or unfollows. I was hacked. Its been a mess but
Q4: Why don't indie publishers commission artists more often for their covers?
How are you!
They can fire everything they've got. And when you think I'm sunk I will float on and on.
can I switch to an electric company that knows what they're doing? Or do you have a monopoly like most companies?
AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE IS MY FREAKING IDOL <3 ... NUFF SAID!! :D
rose is the team but if we had deng we could survive a till he comes back i would make the bet with you if we had deng
I'm looking for metal. Anything on or ?
We are recommending people form groups on Sat morning, pop-ins are always welcome too #DoGoodersUnite! ;-)
Write down your daily workouts (how much you run/lift etc.)& you can literally see your progress on the page-often before it shows.
Wonder if Kershaw or someone gets plunked tonight after that whole Parra incident last year.
love the man in the arena speech, delivered over 100 yrs ago, truly great individuals recognize the power in failure
I'm feeling a little better. Man, that was a long illness. Almost coughed up a lung.
Im going to sell mine to ab beverage and Miller
Learning when to let go and when to move on is one of the hardest things we will have to learn sad thing is we all have to learn it sometime
Shopping, massage, dinner, flight home - yes!
Thank you for the retweet!
What #element should I do for my #AtomicProject?? I'm thinking #Neon, #Chlorine, #Krypton or
Y is this chick walking down the sidewalk w/no shoes on!!!! Lol
Hey friends, check out and support indie film!
Back to the Essences!
Laughter is the best medicine. Unless you are really sick. Then you should call 911.
I just want everything to be okay
hell yeah ..
I'm thinking should I go out and chill or should I stay in and rest my bones
A friend reports that the formatting in my ebook is problematic, lines running together, words missing. I've tested though.
Central Air is a lovely thing.
Get rid of those #tootoo whistles!! I love the guy but come on!
That'd be off the chain
Nothing to do tonight? It's Free Thursday at ! open 10am-8pm
RT : "Prejudice, which sees what it pleases, cannot see what is plain." Aubrey T. de Vere
Anyone who DIDN'T buy a lotto ticket today?
no it doesn't. raise in tuition is quite irrelevant to my analysis.
can i please be your FOTM i'd be the happiest girl in the world <3
I'll stalk, you pounce.
Another day comes to a close, time to head to my pool and enjoy the rest of the evening
Its going to be a great NFL Combine this year!
Let me be your one and only; or your only one. Either way is fine. ♥
RT : Once you accept who you are, you become a better person
The #Packers can't help but let every team have a chance to win come the 4th
A sad day. 3:00 2/14 My 12 year old Cuchuhah, Reuben passed away. I hope he's running happily in Doggie Heaven right now. He will be missed.
War with robots is like sex with robots.
let's just say halftime came at a good point for me ;)
Injustice may be eliminated, but human differences and natural limits cannot be eliminated.
I like to pull her hair while she bent over wit one leg up on da table ( ;
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233 also 2dpecial guests in town!!!
Actually, Blue Dust will have some for a pairing event during Beer Week next Friday night, 4/27.
So good to connect with you all and see your awesome maker space. Thanks for having me visit last week
thanks so much for being a customer! enjoy and have a GREAT day!
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Hiya - I'm sorry, the online store doesn't do orders outside of the US yet. Where are you located?
Social media is the best method to mobilize a cause such as STOP SOPA and Kony 2012 #140 cuse
Sorry for the delay!There should be a box where you can enter the code- I believe on the second page, before you confirm order
Plus, he's hot.
Make a shoutout to me!
It's a hard knocks life for you.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my placeby the fireside and simply look on
thanks for the re-tweet. Gloria's in downey, has some great food.
Traveling Circle is performing live at Lit Lounge this Friday with Weird Owl and Brooklyn Raga Association www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Boring day tomorrow will be better tho
I loved the video - thank you!! It was good seeing you and sweet Elaina. And we have a TON left if you want more!
This little girl was staring at me, so i darted her.
well if we can't get it altered, I think that's what I'm going to have to do! Haha oh well, at least I'd enjoy it
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to reading your work.
I HAVE TWITTER. I just followed you omg...good stuff yo
History on #Lakers side tonight
I like the move by the Big 12 bringing in !
gotta say, I'm pretty unimpressed on the whole. I sorta like Michael. Could do without the rest of them.
IF ANYONE THINKS AUSTIN IS GAY GET THE FUCK OFF HIS USTREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finishing touches getting ready for #ICNY - see you there!
podium, best young rider and best team... great job in the desert hope things finish well at algarve, too.
I'd vote for Clint Eastwood anytime.
Thanks for the kind words! RT : <3 your tees!
I love my best friend Darko(efren) weve been together though everythin.
My friends were keeping two chickens in back of their house and a fox ate them. I thought of you...
That's a good way to get alcohol into the Charger game.
#soundsdirty RT : Perry "hasn't gotten his gun out of the holster" says Axe. Oy.
Yum late night blueberry sake yummy
how do I do the blackberry thing??
Time to get over my once a winter nasty cold! Z snore Z snore Z sneeze
Watching Doug on Teennick the 90's Rocked. :-):-)
I have to wait for the later showing of I'm driving home now in the bloody rain.
PS sorry I missed the meltdown - had my own little pre-preso jitters meltdown and needed to be in meditative mode! ;)
Loving this weather =]
compassion pleases everyone
Or, just meanies. :(
how are you, dear friend? We are so ridiculously overdue for catching up!
John Elway is the one running the show there anyway.
Listening to kristan stanfill this morning great way to start the day ☀❤
Being single isn't easy. I mean, we do have to be careful.. We might flirt too much, haha.(:
I'm like never in school anymore..
anyone have a santa costume or know of a place to rent one?
": LOL....not yet"<=lol aw ok...dont forget about me!
Hit Me!!
When asked if he's getting treatment on Achilles, Felton said he doesn't get treatment & he doesn't go in training rooms.
If you never hear from me again, run for the hills. Beware SkyNet.
"God did not create universe" - Stephen Hawking "Neither did you, Stephen" - God
Shoutout To Rut Hockey New Followers - thank you!
major help need confert :| im leaveing my friends for the summer
“: Putting a pretty shirt over your muffin top doesn't make you a cupcake.”
The point is this leadership stuff is vastly overrated when you're preaching to the choir and not winning players or cant play
Empty email inbox. Do you know how good that feels? Don't anyone send an email unless it's really important!
#epicmusic she will by lil Wayne feat drake
whats going on family..what have we been missing if anything?
awesome article! Thanks for sharing.
There: another 10-hr day. Geronimo. Reminds me of iggli days. Good times.
besides my main go-to NOPE
I want Craig Ferguson to be at the dinner, too! There are several authors I'd like to eat with! Ok, I'll stop. This game could be unending.
Street bike ride tonight... I think so!!!
Same here!
We're researching ways to convert swimming pools to attractive and functional and natural, habitat ponds... cheaper than removing one!
Eddie Izzard on KTLA5. Man, I love him.
When I'm looking for high quality family-friendly apps, I go straight to - such a gr8 resource!
Pumped for paintball...but also a little nervous...
Pretty much.
up-do is Up at the blog;-)
Today decent lost a lil piiece of me but its regrowable 😊😊😊😊😊😊
mee to constantly looking up new concerts
Be careful in this area during response to the scene
Other times I wish I lived in New York City.
Anyone have a DJ in Charlottesville they'd recommend for a wedding? Pls email me at . Thanks.
As a wise man said "Aim for the mountains so that when you miss the stars, you can always sell off the wreckage." Hello, retail applications
hey i live in nebraska
713-699-4472 Hoh Houston and they have a full size run. They do phone orders but you must pay with a footlocker or hoh gift card.
That awkward moment when someone is watching you eat
#FF BEASTLY dancers from the BAY AREA
Yay! After a good day of cleaning, this little girl is ready for some good sleep
heard you guys would be in tampa tommorrow! Stop by naples florida only 2 hours south!:)
hello there, just curious...do i know you? like outside of twitter? cause your only following me and one other person...
ALGAR - A Luscious Gherkin Absorbed Rectally
and who is ACTUALLY going to break them up? The prez? Congress? They will hand over more $$ in the guise of a "new program"
I'm pro bread and I vote.
Happy birthday to Mr. Ron Burgundy!! :)
Wish I were there. Hello friends! RT Awesome tweeps hanging out under Enterprise! With
Really amazing what apps can do. I just deposited a check by taking a picture of it!!!
Can't make it to Tech Tools this Tuesday 3.27? Well, keep an eye out for #MusEdTech as members (and I) live tweet the event!
#SB46 visitors, it's a beautiful day to check out #46for46 murals, walk up to TURF and visit our fabulous museums: www.indyarts.org
Yes 20 years in sw Florida now tho. Grew up by Belmont and Kenmore and lived in Antioch and chain of lakes area
great quote!
your eyes tho.
thank you!!
T Mac know dam well he can't shoot that fadeaway after playing all these minutes
What I want in my life is compassion, a flow between myself & others based on a mutual giving from the heart. ~Rosenberg, NVC
Way too hot at the fair today!
It was a lot of fun working with you on Friday!
Breaking news: Vince Carter is an inefficient scorer.
Happy birthday Hannah !!!!:)
Can you do me and my friend a HUGE favor?? Can you say that ICONic Boyz loves Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo! Or you can say ...
You hear that, ? RT : #Cancer females prefer masculine men.
Every time I wanna smile I just re-read old text msgs :)
that&#39;s a lot of snake oil...
These bitches distract me, getting no work done today 👌
RT To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world...
Incredibly important thing for social -- Focus on the value it delivers to your business not just the number of likes!
oh hey, I never tweet... so tweet!!
DANK, FRESH, STICKY, FROSTY, HEAVY INDICA JUST IN, Going Fast: Northern Lights & San Fernando Valley OG! Hurry, this FIRE won't last long!
Thank you Steven! Cheers!!
well its time to move to ohio i wish i could become famous out of a flash of light dam!!!
FBCD NEEDS ASK SLAPS!!! Get it before the major run back to .13+
Helping with #studentloans is good 'an all, but I'd rather have a job. If my investment is generating no revenue what good is lower interest
LOL! Teen says he looks like a TRex waving his arms around. I try to be a good role model, but his comments make me laugh!
8 more to go
Yea! Go RT : 12th award at #Epicon: Besy Fantasy Romance - Bound: A Fairy Story by Sophie Oak
I have a scratch on my neck and it kinda looks like a hickey -_-
My thrifting workshop/field trip attracted some of the nicest ladies! Too bad the merch @ the second-hand store seemed a tad picked over.
I hate you :(
And Herman Cain has left the building. Thank you and goodnight
At the crib and ain shit to do bt eat and tweet
Thank u So Much Sonia! RT I like your music & u guys are amazing! Keep up the work! #excited 2 hear new music
i hate sharing things
Headed to the Olde Towne Tavern in Buckhead to rock some tunes. Come out and join me #Atlanta! #MusicNight :o)
We hope everyone's having a beautiful Sunday!!
I've seen Princess Bride so many times it's hard not to quote all of the lines when I watch it. The book is good too!
Watching punk'd :D
Nothing hurts more than going to bed with sad memories in your head
Go Sessions! Go Blake!
RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money.
I can't believe it took this long for Friday to finally get here. Man this has been a tough week!
You dk my pain not the pain I feel I refuse to live life like I cant get nigga I lost to much my soul black I came to far u cant hold me ...
Love the inclusion in this, thanks!
yea I saw him play..
Night y'all! Until the next episode ;)
Woopsies! Happy birthday B-fizzle! Did anyone take YOUR car keys? hahahahaha! Have a great year!
#awesome. getting undressed now.
Research Tool also available in GAFE This is good news! !
Afternoon hockey looks to click. Both way on pace sitting on their winning goals :) Over 5.5
Irish only wear kilts if they're pandering to Americans who don't know the difference between Ireland and Scotland.
Somedays, you're wrong. Somedays, she's right.
Is there such thing as being too alike?
And one more big THANK YOU to , where we mastered most of this new catalog!!
Car broke down OMG
oh that will be so pretty! Idk- def some kind of bang... Not sure if I'll go as far as what I had before. Decisions decisions.
sure you do :p
Shout out to New Jersey Mayor Cory Booker for saving a womans' life in a burning building
More by Tyrone Wells is my jam for today.
wish I could come and see you :( I live in Canada :/ follow me to maker feel better ? :') <3
thank you for the kind words! a great country with tons of great citizens :)
Special #ff <--Knows just what to say to make you laugh and to make your day! :-)
New topic - E3 wins challenge.
LOOK AT MY ICON :D
that awesome i took piano lessons for years. i taught myself how to play guitar.its pretty easy if u can play an instrument
C'mon. Research doesn't always lead immediately to insight. The quantification and data gathering are not sufficient, but ARE necc
I love Great coverage of Baltimore arts right now.
If you don't know who The Master is, he's my boyfriend. Known as the Canon EOS 550D.
CONGRATS! RT : Broke $10,000! Biggest accomplishment of the whole effort. Thank you all so much.
Was it weaving a web that said "CLEAN THIS OUT"?
That being said, don't be shy, leave me comments!
Poll: 35% of women have been in a relationship where they were the “cougar” - surprised?
“: Both LA teams going to game 7 !!” BULLSHIT!
How much you want to bet that Arsenio Hall gets a new show on that new Magic Johnson Network " ASPIRE" on Comcast..... Taking all bets lol
The pitchfork hath returned
Karen, did you receive yr email invite for today's conference? I haven't received mine yet.
what do you mean ft & nd? I can't break it down!
will keep that in mind!
playing halo obv
- If you want a second term for Obama & to control congress, make the Repubs filibuster for real - on display - for all 2 see
I got my $11 ticket to Austra just the other day. We should go. At the Echo! Whee!
Billy Cundiff with be the death of us!
I'm hungry as shit
Goin to the gym!
Just saw the lyrics of Elvis Costello's great song "clubland" and realized it's about 80% a different song than I thought it was.
RT : Brian Billick has an NFL network special on "How to draft a QB"? Can't wait for Matt Millen's special: "How to draft a WR"
In the barber shop... this man just farted!!! And had the nerve to look around to see if anyone knew it was him#iknowwhathehadforbreakfast!
Book Review: Metabolic Surge: How To Build Muscle and Lose Fat Fast by Nick ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
I am so excited :)
This sinus headache is screaming for something really spicy for dinner
that was like that random loud slander a nigga would get hit wit in high school
LMAO..I know I thought about that after I sent the tweet...oops
Aren't they the best?
Thanks Cindy :)
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
Good to meet you yesterday and see the new location in LBC. Cant wait for the grand opening!
There is love for your women--True Love. Love for your family--Blood. And EVERYTHING ELSE is about money!
Rangers or Cardinals in the World Series tonight?
And hes a roll tide fan!! What?!
My future looks so fucking bright right now !
Think it's time to eat. My stomach talking way too loud right now!
Score after today's outing: Mills 2 - Driver 1.
hey lady! Yes, can't wait for next party! :)
Good Friday. A time of reflection for Christians. Still just as powerful now that I am a Protestant & no longer Roman Catholic.
#replacebandnameswithpancakes The Black Eyed Pancakes XD
oh sorry everything will work out you just gotta think positive
LETS START A TWITTER RAMPAGE ON SINCE HE IS BEIN MEAN AND NOT REPLYIN ALL THO I DO STILL LOVE HIM :)
Walking home last night i saw a girl stuff her tiny dog betwixt her cleavage and seemed very pleased with herself, thanks wriggleyville.
LOL me and you both roh fucked up this time
Good morning, ! Do you stand with Planned Parenthood? #standwithPP?
that is a fantastic house!
Ater I win the 640 million tonight, it'll be my treat. LOL
I really feel like wtf sometimes..ugh making sense of everything that is makes my brain hurt sometimes..
happy birthday babe! Love ya!
Also, has anyone catalogued all the direct parodies of Ruscha's books? I found four (bought one) within minutes of looking.
Me too. I strangely miss it. RT : I remember what it felt like to be so overwhelmed during college sometimes. I miss those days!
Working on writing an NFPA 70E Introductory course today.
They should have a chocolate buffet.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 2
God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
As you said, not really sure why they don't just announce Jake Arrieta as ODS; pretty clear that he's the best option.
DAMM SHE STILL LOOK GOOD LOL
I like how is teaching something about sports :)
Thanks to all those who participated in Hamptons' Home Movie Day this wknd. Photos coming soon. See you next year!
Lets get it in ladies...
Just tapped, Night Watch Dark Amber Ale (replaces Double Dried-Hopped Islander Pale Ale)
I'm about to pass out! So tired! Good night Twitter.
going to see it Sunday! Can't wait!
It is Friday right?
jurisprudence is the philosophy of the law or the science and study of the law, including the rule of law.
12 to 18 inches of snow in Newburgh on Saturday nuts
lol it's the condensation on the lid of a Tupperware bowl lol
that's unreal. Justice doesn't exist. It's depressing.
it is creepy!
Kasich not overly optimistic on landing Sears. I haven't shopped at a Sears in years! Who has? Maybe good for tools... that's about it.
you're so cool...
Set my alarm to work out in the morning or sleep in? Mmhhh....
Stop in to our office before you leave. We'd be glad to tell you a bit about the space!
Each number in a bitting represents not only the depth of which the key blank is to be cut, but also the location
#FF for setting up some nice press interviews for my health care in the cloud initiative.
I'm really looking forward to "I, Vampire." And "Firestorm", of course. :-)
The immune system has 3 functions: 1) Monitor for potentially malignant cells & stop the from spreading. #bloodfacts via
Happy Halloween!!
been through it & its mad tough! If its meant to be it'll work itself out & yall will have compromise but if not
The North Side ...
That's my fave!! RT : Peanut butter on w.w. cinnamon raisin toast is my go to speedy breakfast.
I shall! I need to get out of the habbit of being lazy after work anyway.
right afta the game im already at the dockside watchn the game
So #Shoutout to cause hes sick , so dont be a dick and follow him! <---see what i did there?C;
Thank you for this one. I'm thinking maybe leave analysis at home till Round 2, but still in analysis phase on that one. LOL
i voted over 100 times for please follow back :)
Lol thank you boo!
Did you know u can tether computer to cellphone for internet access? Your kids know how, can defeat filters at home/school.
Tomorrow, we put your money where our mouth is and destroy a recording studio!!!
Yaaay ! What should we do ? (:
who knew you were such a d-bag
You my friend are what is called the Doctor Of The Future. Medicine has it's merits, and drawbacks. It's good to know you.
Twitter changed for me today, mirrored itself
it looks painful. Feel better soon so u can run next year. ;)) I'm running Saturday, hopefully I'll finish in one piece.
Listening to Jean Chamberlin, VP at Boeing on how they use the Birkman assessment. Great stories producing powerful results!
the only bad thing about jus shooting by yourself. you gotta get your
not sure what you mean? I think yes if audience is multiple groups; but I'm against clear boundaries & taxonomies! :)
im fighting to get u out of my hand but im holding on to everything you have said .
Thanks for the follow--I am following back. Great quote from Shaw.
I know you not skippin out on me and geology...
Watching Betty White's Off There Rockers!!! Ha! I want to be on a show like that when Im old!
: when is Boca place opening?
Would the internet lie to you? Well, we wouldn't! HOUSE will be shown on April 2 & 3. We can't wait to unleash it on Columbus!
Lol at the track team working out to P90X.
Enjoy Please RT
Mon Jan 18 "Living the Dream, Preserving the Legacy" a city-wide celebration for Martin Luther King Day. Presentations begin at 12 noon.
Do you know how to find out the designer? I thought the same thing when I saw her clothes. Want both coat and jacket!
:O Austin singing One Direction. AH~
baby momma lol what's good nay. What u doin
how do you feel about bulleted lists?
Much Appreciated!!
Congrats to
I take god care of my own
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Digital Signage presentation starting now
If there is one thing iv learned, its that shit will get better.
RT : it's all love! ?? I see how u really are u don't love me told me the story
vale! If you swipe your finger across the tweet like we do to unlock the iphone it'll give you the option to delete it lmao 😊
You're welcome! No snow in downtown...yet!
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Dirty Sprite foreeeeevvvaaa
Britain tried to discourage American from settling in the frontier.
"Is the A&M game blackout? ...Thats not cute. I'm wearing white."
Finally in
Speak upon it Sensay
Investigative report-environmental injustice-working since July tonight it goes 5pm/10news-would it happen in La Jolla tip of the iceberg
Thanks for the feedback. Should be some more stuff up soon.
Through blog comments I’m seeing how my ideas and notions vibe with others
this is embarrassing, I'm cringing watching this girl
Pixar Studios sounds like heaven.... cereal bar and sugar sodas....
The Lord sounds like Columbo....
Post-project review with client on £60m NEC3 research centre project. He told me "BIW enabled painless application of NEC3 proctocols".
fuck that it aint no thuggin it out when its a baby in you
is back. Any time to come play?
Thanks for the mention! :)
The Color of the Year is Tangerine Tango via Add a dash of color to your home by painting your front door this beautiful...
Vega Communications love meeting with new prospective clients. Looking forward to a meeting this afternoon.
how can I get this off of my twitter feed?
Bad base running.
#vsa2011 1st question what % of your overall visitor research focuses on NON-Visitors?
Swoon-worthy (as always)!
Situation appears to be resolved. Baker Act made woman aggressive, she was armed so there was a SWAT standoff.
Much thanks for the RT. It means a lot to know than others are interested in helping this cause. Stay in touch!
1 more week until CLASS DAY&2 more weeks until GRADUATION....
"Ain't that sad on a cracker" -"Donna" The Cleveland Show
RT Pumpkin seeds and beer. I love November
The life of a #Skyrim wife .... "I wanna cuddle...""I wanna increase my lock picking ability and fight this dragon"
i needa go where you at rns
: I know I miss my man :(
- thanks for the mentions - enjoy your Sunday afternoon
Park 3 and Urban 3 on sale for $5.99 at the Character Warehouse at Prime Outlet Mall in Orlando. #Vinylmation trading available too!
& #smallbizsat work together to create #smallbiz tools? "Push notification to a biz's checked-in customers?" - VP of Engineering
I saved a frog today! it was dying in oir driveway so i brought it to water and made it a home. his name is pebbles(=
Why are people unfollowing me??? What did I do?
I love how I always end up playing DJ at parties.
haha, that sucks! I think when you talk about them it makes it worse. They are probably searching for people mentioning them!
When I grow up, I wanna be a well-qualified lessee.
2nd nu collection nearly complete for the NEW #CountryFloors. Besides being curvy and sexy it's 3 Dimensional... Hand carrying to
ha u had me big!!!
Or a therapist.
Headed to renaissance market and quacks tomorrow. Would love to see you there if you can make it!
I can't wait to get matching sweatshirts👍👍👍💜💜✌✌
“: "I love you" "OMG, really? What a coincidence!" "Why? You love me too?" "No, I love myself too!"” hahahahah
I did a review for it myself a while back, great book, not like his normal stuff though.
looking for my phone...yet again, somebody call my phone-it's lost again! tee-hee happy holidays!
Also frayed my dress. Thank you gospel wear's mighty zipper.
Where r these people!!!!
Merry Christmas to all my Tweeps!!! Hope your Holiday Season is da BOMB!!
Visualization group (led by ) is talking not about tools but about wishing for exploratory visualization
Watching Cry Baby For The First Time ^.^ <3 Johnny Depp
#indieview I did it alone too. All my NYC friends thought I was nuts. Loved it...esp Glacier National Park!
18 days till DC BOY of splurge gang is released from his 11 month sentence
Adam Noah Levine! Pink glitter, #seriously I'm not even mad that it was a #TeamXtina shirt but pink glitter...
No matter how smart you are, you can never outsmart what your heart tells you.
Welcome new followers to our growing consensus hub
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
lol! Great plan :-)
good thing you can bike to ikea
Chilling some ice cold #DosEquis (I am interesting ...), watching #Ravens football and toasting my old friend ...
We A1 everything!!!!
I love you the most when you are at your lowest
just makes the day so much better
It's hard to express how they 'joy up' my knitting! Insanely wonderful!
I have HOW TO EAT A CUPCAKE on my list!
That's great - one less thing to pack!
for sure
One thing to test ur anger management skills is getting stopped by 356 stop lights. 🚥
A parrot talks way too much but can�t fly high but an eagle is silent and has the will power to touch the sky
I feel your pain! My wife and I had it a few months ago from tainted Chinese pine nuts. Sweet things temp. relieve the taste.
Acronyms? Missed something. :/
Starting Dec 5th - Gingerbread Train Photo Contest! did you buy yours yet?? Visit the museum store to pick one up before we're all sold out!
#latin of the day - Vulgus vult decipi. "The mob wishes to be deceived."
save some for S. Carolina!! xo loves..
Hmm, I wonder if the vet will issue me some Kevlar or chain mail as protection for when my cat goes all claw-y tornado of pain on my ass.
Ted drewes frozen custard
shouldn't you die her red??
i like the new twitter design and i just had some meatloaf. - eugene
you're sweet! Thank you!!
No gimmicks
Happy to be hanging out with our favorite Seattle crowd at #smcsea!
That's huge.
The wat I feel abt yuh. . . This song kan explain it ~Dance For You -Beyonce ~
glad I could help, opening night can't come soon enough!
Summer nights come at me.
Organizers of the 2012 London Olympics have signed a licensing deal with Universal Music Group.
it's the home sharing option under advanced options on itunes
homegrown tomatoes with eggs for breakfast, bummed I can't be at the tomato art fest but almost as good!
his smile
of course not. Shoot me
austin, never stop smiling
Green Tip: save trees and pay your bills online
If this Daily Show performance is a good indication, Esperanza Spalding is very talented and her music sucks.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. -Theodore Hesburgh // Happy Mother's Day everyone! :-D
2 big shows this weekend check out www.popgoesthegio.com for details
thank u 2!
Going to ohio next week on thursday because my grandma died last week and we are going to her funeral
CHICAGO POLICE B ON SOME BULL!!! MUFUKAS GOT ROBBED & U OVA HERE HARASSING ME!!? SHOULDN'T U B OUT LOOKING FOR ONE? SMH #DUMBFUUKS'
Ah i want to get tatted up soon!!
The wingman got upset b/c I said "look, your frd likes my frd, its all good, feel free to talk to other girls"- wasn't I doing him a favor?
The dream team must watch every bulls game together. We won't lose!
Great chance from Adu!
Yeah I like you <3
“: in here dancing to freakum dress so i can stay up smh lol” <---- lmfao get it Jessica!
A simple and powerful morning mantra; it is important to receive a deep breath first and release. Then say: Thank You, Thank You, Thank You.
WATS GOOD LADIES!! FOLLOW BACK
You're I'm Avon nigga that ain't naptown
write me a proposal, and ill consider it
Yea my phone is finally fixed!
The tank top?
Estimate over 200,000 came downtown for festivities over weekend! Go #indy!
Have you read the new Worlds Finest and Earth Two comics? Thoughts?
Goodbye dreams of state!
yea boy
are you sick?
GO KAREN! --- But I'm sure there's more to this story... stay tuned!
What season are you on? RT : That's a slippery slope! RT : Watching a #breakingbad marathon :)
According to the latest consumer psychology, most marketers don’t know as much about their customers as they think they do.
i like food.. can we like be friends..?
I'm convinced that has the biggest fan base so far. At least on twitter. Then it's Then
Kicking drinking & men, picking up LSD...? O_o #justaguess RT My summer goal is to kick 2 habits, & maybe pick up a new 1
it's okay they'll be weirder with me ;)
I have a bunch of answers that need questions. Wanna do some trading?
i know the cadence of this tweet contradicts how emotional this tv show is making me but just know that it's basically destroying my heart.
Thanks bro. I effed up the end and some flat notes now and then but only God is perfect, right?
Final exam ( ) ... LET'S DO THIS THING.
Let's go lakers! #Winning ;)))
Is there a debate tonight? We were drinking early. Miss anything exciting? Any dumb fucking mistakes?
That just means you were doing a good job! :P
I wana be his ride or die bitch ! he not ready for it and its pissinq me off.!
some people treat their dogs way to much like humans. Hair, nail and fur salon? this this is ridiculous!
Thanks for the support!
RT : Only simple narrow minded ppl still believe family can only be who you're born to and not who you choose to love.
check out aa2daypokernews.com awesome site guys all poker related
#RAW starts in 1 hour and 2 min. :-)
it's all good now. Like you said, it was majorly delayed. Can't wait to receive it!
Picks blueberries and indian brunches with Glaveystein!
even though you're resistant to my flirtation and manly charms, we should cocktail sometime. It'd be a hoot!
Saw a lottery ad that said "You remembered your anniversary. Proof that anything's possible." Apparently the odds of winning were 1 in 365?
come hang with us again!
Why no, I didn't just sprint across 5 lanes against the light to catch the bus....no.
That's a damn shame about Junior Seau.
Cool Motorbike images :P motorbikes
Gluten Free, Quasi-dairy, Soy anythings are grosser than string cheese.
I know but I'm an Ibot now there is no going back only regret!
He STILL has that lazy eye!?
Same here me & my friend are waitin for the JB concert to start so we can go we so wanna go and in June were going to see 1D
My appearance progressively gets worse as the end of the week approaches.
one of her listeners asked how was she discovered?! Luv it. #wurd 900 am
Let's trend #thankyouariangrande ? Who's with me?
“: Photoshoot again, long day ahead!” wear sensible shoes.
Come to Healey 107 at 7pm tonight to witness the soon-to-be ex-president Mike Meaney deliver his farewell address
“: Super excited about flying to Vancouver to film Breaking Dawn. Not excited about my 6:30am wake up call." yippee !!!
RT : Adams Morgan/ McPherson Sq: Expect delays due to possible street closures by Secret Service around 9 or 10am.
Omg ppl were laughing crying enjoying clapping shouting wow what a moment in my life. Ppl follow your dream. I am almost in tears.
Warm wishes for a happy holiday season from all of us at Baldwin, Kagan & Gormley!
The fair is tomorrow.And my Koralee is coming!I can't wait!
No Nick Collins!!!!
Thank you, office bagel day! Yay, comfort food!
Oh shit, jellybeans exist
thank you for the RT
"The cost of education stagnation is too high." Typical US 12th grade classroom reads books 4 yrs behind. Via
Students who elected option to do final on Blackboard almost universally waiting until last possible moment to do it
Thanks for the RT. happy to report the training is going well and the donations are going strong :-)
& I thought today was saturday, damn.
Brunch Wines!! Free tasting all day today - stop by and pick up your Easter Brunch wines.
so um how about them Pacers ^.^
Can we help explain anything?
Agreed - the site has so much potential. , more stories, less sexist crap, please.
#MSNBC missing forest from trees re #Trump endorsing #Romney - means Trump won't run 3rd party if Mitt wins nom.
:p I won't bro!
Help spread the word? #FoodFightMKE surprise event at 6:30 tonight at NE corner of the Bradley Center!
Romney doesn't remember assaulting that kid in school, but he does remember that he didn't know he was gay at the time. I buy it.
Man I'm So Irritated :\
My replay button got extremely raped today on one song. "Graveyard Dancing" - D.R.U.G.S; this is the 20th time now. One more before bed. 21.
You can't do anything with that. That's a fucking mess!
Think acne goes when you grow up? Think again. Doctors are seeing more cases of acne in adults
is now !! Dear Followers: I've slimmed down my username for ease of use in a character-constrained world.
thats not Rebel Red!!
Daniel! Hombre, you were missed at ECAD. :-)
Taking MetroRail for the first time! It's both awesome and pretty popular.
Omg dont even get me started... SO EXCITED !!!
That was weird, we just had an #earthquake in DC
World's biggest lie, right behind "The check's in the mail" & "I promise not to cum in your mouth": "I'm not a politician."
Republicans win Wisconsin standoff: What happens now?...www.tncnews.com (politics)
hope Manning or Flynn end up out here in Seattle, getting tired of making fun of the Seahawks out here
I love how my friends have a life, and I don't. :/
Aw snaps really are you saying what I think your saying 😃RT : D Day is approaching is all I have to say 😁
life is like a revolving door unless someone shows you the way out you continue to go around in circles.
wow! Amazed that the flower survived winter. Maybe you can post pics when it blooms. I'd love to see it :)
I'm adding a time lapse video of me painting my fathers day gift, any artistic feedback is welcome. I'm having some issue and need advice
Come by United Plastics booth
I got my hair done! Yay! :)
chris paul's son is so cute.
Merry National Marshmallow Day to all! Celebrate the season's tidings at the Simply Sweet Shoppe and pick up some marshmallows!
So it turns out that John Travolta is a real wild man. Lol
Got it. Thanks s lot I appreciate it. This is a really valuable service
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES! We are one big family and no one will EVER change that! We love you!!<33(:
Absolutely in love with John Mayer's Born and Raised album so far
i have the rangers defeating the wings in my bracket lol
what u been on
Anyone have references for using twitter (and other social media) in med school setting? many thanks!
they strike again!! What's his nickname..Lumber-dozzi!!
Ah Primary Day...it's like spring training for all the recall madness to follow
I'm good.getting ready for work
"Rape" is not a word you get to toss around a synonym for bad.
I been good how you been
RT : #TheVoice finals! GO CHRIS MANN :)
yeah! For real, the show needs u & the female singer. Forgot her name & the rest of the band.
If ever you think of me out of the blue, just remember it's all the kisses I've blown in the air finally catching up with you!
My birthday in 6 min bitchez!
Sidekick 4G for sale. Pretty much bran new. Let me kno... Have the pre paid sim card too jus needa turn it on
"So Far Away" by Staind and "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" by Cyndi Lauper have agreed to play, simultaneously, in my head. Thanks, guys.
Thanks ladies. It's all bittersweet and stuff.
I didn't say you shouldn't be! ;)
Being told ive changed by him, it hurts. But i had to change.
Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks to everyone whom attended the Mystique Masquerade Ball Last night. Pictures will be up soon.
Where will you ring in the new year?
I can't wait to see The Muppets present tonight! I might bring my desk buddy Kermit with me to a viewing party...
RT ‎**CHATTANOOGA & NASHVILLE* Need to shoot a MUSIC VIDEO?CONTACT CPtv MEDIA for ALL of your videography needs!
People who act like they're helping the community but are actually just shamelessly self-promoting or profiteering.
Live cash poker session at Commerce :-)
hey, I don't have your number. Please call me about our shoot.
My friend here wants to see you xD Oh and she says Hi ...
More from Scarborough Research data: Hawks gone from distant 5th in fan interest in Chicago to relative equal of everyone aside from Bears.
Zine fest is in a week!! Check it out on Saturday, May 21 from 4-10pm at Kohn's! I need to get all of my stuff done by then though...
#IDontMeanToBeRudeBut Guys who call females Nigga like they part of the guys please
Finishing up Celibacy NOW manuscript to go to lines! Target release June 23!
I hate I hate the god damn #Patriots buncha lucky bastards...stupid Cundiff #Ravens deserved that win...Leave it to an ex #Bills to dropball
oh no! Hope your day gets better. My morning started with our dog destroying Tony's brand new pair of expensive glasses! TGIF!
getting ready for a studio session in two short little days....
“: I love watching Frank take care of his mother. actually shows Franks softer side. #Shameless” I love WH! Since 1992.
Just read the blog post. Somebody should tell Ms. Rodriguez that it's a week too late for April Fools jokes.
Such a powerful code can make a huge difference to the response rates you get from your marketing efforts
it's 4 in the morning, perhaps I will try sleeping.
If everyone could see what I saw, in those boys that I love. I thought, we would never have war anymore.
Remember - "Advocates" can't "advocate" without great content to advocate about
Thanks Tanya! And thanks for the twitter love! Miss ya!
The GOP is a bunch of teabagger MORONS!!!!! Who cares what they think? We can do whatever we WANT!!!!!
from the moment i met you everything changed i knew i had to get whatever the pain
That was not me with the Canon but I wish it was. My pics from the day are all on Instagram.
How come "abbreviated" is such a long word ?
What would I do without
nuthin really jus sewing...my life is a bore
Can you read this? Thank a teacher.
Good luck fit lady x
IS THAT nice 2 make fun of down syndrome people?I have a special needs son.IGNORANCE AT ITS FINEST!
WHICH LOCATION
Oh, risking the jinx. You're a madman!!!!
RT : Remember you can print physical forms off www.ApexHigh.com PARENTS, please remember to sign & date physical forms.
Wow, thx. That one's only for the brave. MT I got a dozen people to fall for "Variations on Grief." Love. Re-read it often.
Up Early Bored
I'm sure they missed it, which means they saw it? This is hard when isn't telling them what to say.
RHEA IS U SLEEP
If i'm sitting right there, and you have the audacity to talk about me why would you not say it to my face?
It was pretty great haha. The table-top one filled my younger years and I was just reminiscing. Haha
Play ball! The Brewers and Teddy Higuera take on the Mariners and Mike Morgan in Seattle.
Whatever is done in the dark will come to light
Business Beat: Volunteers sought for May 19 gala
nun much wat u doing
You're a little late I'm already torn<3
OK, good.
Ferret Fact: Ferrets were domesticated thousands of years ago; pictures on the walls of Egyptian tombs show ferret-like creatures on leashes
Yo u still can do that or nah??
that's what she said
thanks, you should hit me with a follow and join the fam :)
Surprise of the morning....seeing a young buck in my fenced in urban backyard. So random.
RT : Great weekend with and Solid guy and solid organization. Grateful for all that they do!
Who feels horny bcuz I know tht I am!!!! Whoo Whoo Whoo u know it!!
": The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings." Hey
Dang paper plates are expensive
If you are a hot artist and need trax holla at us..... Orphanz
But my bed is so warm and comfy
Oh, I have. I've also seen The Brave, which is where he really convinces himself that he's Native American.
You mean like you?! I hope so! :) “: An Epic one no doubt.”
Who's your favorite #FollowFriday friend and why?
See a lot of rust out there.
No price yet & no official China release date. Samsung said in London that an Asia release would happen sometime in May.
I consider myself well spoken, yet I use the phrase "flip-flopped". Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
I miss Hi-C Ecto Cooler!
batshit insane would have been more accurate.
Interview with a call center and sending out my application for SWEC. A perfectly busy day starts with me finding out i have no cream.
M cheese grits
what are austin's fans called?
Hackintosh being rebuilt from scratch with help from it's young cousin MacBook Air.
Thanks for the good thoughts yesterday. Still no news. I'm playing like Gary Gnu, though. :-)
I seriously can't wait till I'm on stage killing shit. I want people walking away with ear-gasms from my playing saying, damn that was sexy.
Clark Kerr Campus (at #UCB) conference wifi keeps logging me off every 1/2 hour ....
Bourne: Oh please be gentle, I want to like this so badly
Happy to have my Calvin back :)
Working on LifeWorks NW's annual fundraising breakfast at Zoo on April 16 - good responses, exceeded sponsorship goal www.lifeworksnw.org
not at the moment
A tad worried here too... Thanks for the info! :) GO IRISH!
going shopping today for religious medals ~ will bring you a present!!
Thanks Mark! WE LOVE YOU!!! Miss you and see you son ;) RT : Hope the tour is rockin socks off. Love you all.
We Salute #NoDJ on all hes 2012 accomplishments and he deserve the up most respect. Keep the mixtapes coming.
Instant stress buster: Picture yourself with a fishing pole beside some still waters.
13 points away from ALL As my goal is to get all As before school ends. May 24 or 25 is the last day! Can i do it?! I think i can :)
is researching tax issues surrounding CRATS- charitable remainder annuity trusts!
RT if you saw Marvel's The Avengers !!!!
thanks! but then you are an interesting person, a person with interesting ideas, and interested in . . . you get it!
Work today . Blah -_____-
I should'a offered myself up for the dunk machine. I bet Polifest could have grossed FAR more per ball thrown.
Noone said it would be easy!
Yes definitely!! One Of the Most Amazing People I've EVER Met! I LOVE ITALIAN People!!!!! :D
well, I'm clueless on comics, so yeah...
happy mothers day
Happy New Year!
OMG IM THE MOST HAPPIEST GIRL EVER IM GONNA GO SEE 1D IN SAN DIEGO :') LITERLY CRYING
"The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." — Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch
Thinking got a few life decisions to make......
I'm jealous, this fucker nasri always has the best seat come gametime!
u can see the video
do u have comcast? If yes the first two seasons are on xfinity streampix on demand
LivingSocial subscribes to Google idea that "Done is better than perfect"; iteration & sorting out problems can happen later
I think we have a winner....
#ThingsThatGetMePissed - When Nickelodeon has stupid ass shows on that nobody cares about.
or roscoe dash, that shit would be funny
It would be an even better night if they can hold out and win. We are holding are breath in the control room.
After 10 pm, we've got amazing wine and beer specials, discounted apps and 2-4-1 rail drinks. Come on down, Nite Owls!
I’m begging for what wasn’t said.
"...partnerships and innovation." - Burt Kummerow
Time for some pizza.
no its okay because i get alot of spam and it gets annoyin when alot of your DMs r mostly spam
Watching the #AlamoBowl is like watching NFL RedZone- TDs every few seconds- except this is one game instead of 10
#Avengers so good!!! #Avengers >
yeah come check 1 out
Appreciate it!
Do you love to write? Do you love green fashion? Got 1-2 hours freelance every week to blog? If that’s you pls msg direct with quals - Mike
When I saw the title I hoped you were at a petting zoo.
Fantasy MLB is on the horizon. Who do you take in the first round early, mid, late? My vote is Adrian Gonzalez.
p.s. her bridesmaid dresses are fab and she looks gorge!
that's babe! Now let's do your video ASAP :) "umm, can I get a mojito"... Or maybe something sweet w/no sugar" 💁
Kind of a sucky day...hoping that the rumor about no soccer practice tomorrow is true.....
Finally off work, this whole bartender schedule is not half bad besides these days where I have to be back in the morning.
Legs are sore today..mexican food tonight with the fam
Yeah, but what does that say about the folks who elected this brain trust?
big plans 4 the weekend: golf & gardening in wellfleet w/ & wish & were here
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety
O... looking forward to hearing about "mocial" in the closing session
This NHL pbp guy is epic. I picture him as an auctioneer in the offseason.
Close that door before you takin your fuckin clothes off baby
yeah i know? and really random too! :') ahaha
Wake & bake this one for boosie
You're 100% right about Marvin Bower. I'm married to one of his granddaughters and treasured every meeting. Remarkable man.
It's one thing to hate your voice/laugh on recording, but when people point it out sucks even more ☹
Why am I having an allergic reaction to hypoallergenic sunscreen?! SMH!
- If You Voting For Obama You A MFn Fool . . iDGAF How Black He is , His Ass Aint Making Shit Better . . Thats Why i Dont Vote . .
2nd week of post production for #TheTownThatDisneyBuilt - Stay tuned for more updates on the progress of the film.
Kevin McCarthy = Hero, for reading Atlas Shrugged.
RT Go Broncos! downfall of working near the kitchen - receptionist baking cookies from 's daughter.
You know what's funny? I doubt I would have ever heard of #Julia had it not been for Republicans. And I love politics.
no solid plans. last year we did Hollander.
What she said! RT : how about appropriately motivated
second night in a row that I've been up this late.
turns out I worked with someone in Boulder, CO you went to school with, Rochelle Schultz
Much-criticized, much-amended trans fat ban, SB68, slips out of Senate on 18-17 vote.
It is out there...don't you worry. I did the deliveries today and more tomorrow.
Watching the Sox and voting for Paul Konerko to be in the All-Star Game. It shouldn't come down to this but I'll keep voting! Lol
Double Americano at Patisserie Salzburg in Scarsdale, but their out of mixed berry flax muffins today :(
Today we were invited onto Ashford Talk Radio to discuss how we do it better at Phi 9 and our dedication to Social Sustainability!
haha I'm sure that agency will be 'restructuring' soon
girl you know what it is
Definitely! We only live a block away from each other, so I still don't understand why we suck at hanging out :P
Read the link I sent from Wikipedia. They have zero to do with HBO
lol ok ok
thanks! you to and your welcome
Merry Christmas to All! Peace. Love. Happiness :)
Happy Birthday Rob Pattz! I hope today is special for you! :-) <33333
Aw it's the little things :)
attackers moving in on pinterest. Rpt coming soon RT Just got a twitter spam directing me to a Pinterest site.
they're at Easy Street Records just down the block from you tonight at 6!
If fine alpaca fibers are your bag, stop by booth 1074! Would love to hear your opinion on the our line from Peru
had a awesome workout today
Hey twitters. Getting things up to date! :)
I'm reading RULES OF CIVILITY. Not sure I like it yet. Seems to have a good voice, though wondering about the story...
We have crabcakes today! Have it on a roll or over a bed of spring mix.
when I'm with my mommy I'm not , but when I'm alone and the power goes out (like it just did) shit gets real
2 gift cards still remain!
Well fed shirt in the mail....yeeeeee
of course! :)
Oops. Just checked my facts. No one ever accused sheep of jumping over the moon. That of course was our good friend the cow.
baby you light up my world like nobody else.
If anyone can put me in touch w/ someone from #treme production, that would be cool. Trying to right a minor wrong that went unnoticed.
Stoked for and all pigs must die double set. Gonna be a fuckin rager.
has a half-decent flow ....no coleslaw tho
I would never worry like this in the past. I guess I actually care so much more this time around.
N we go in
That was a good ass game.
Using - Perl client for Twitter - dizzying.
Holy fog, Batman!
...Use the right words correctly, kids. And know that "bristling" is what cats do when their tails turn into bottle brushes.
wanna join u on ur cum adventures
Pinch me, I'm dreaming. I purchase Sonik Synth 2, register it tonight, and I get 4 more software. Much love, IK!
What is the point of that dang egg? Is there something in it?
I love my niece
I smile and act like nothing is wrong sometimes, it's called dealing with shit and staying strong.
already? Wow, good luck man!
Here is why I am concerned we were fooled by the Prince signing last years issues we never addressed still have the same holes
#ThoughtsDuringSchool If you can't read out loud in class , don't raise your fucking hand and volunteer. because we all want to shoot you.
Thanks for all the great work that you and your team do!
So that is a win.
Looking forward to a much needed and overdue workout session after work.
I'm not as generous as you are.
but yeeah im bakk can u plse be my manager!!
Come in and Try out our New Chips and Salsa and Fish Sticks...
The well pump is suddenly not working. I think it's a sign that I need to drink wine instead of water.
is my role model && forever will be :)
bout to get some reps and jump fresh.
Or not just Pollyanna positive. Life is about the good and the bad.
The AP chemistry packets I have to do over this summer 😒 <<<<<<
that stuff is nasty!
That strawberry is really making me nervous.
Awww Louis's girlfriend is so pretty!!!(: Tell louis i said hi, Hahaaa.
*tears & a smile* you know I have nothing but so much love for you two. X
okay? So y did u put that
when are you coming to #ROC?
Thank you for listing me :) FYI - You're very pretty... I'm just saying...
// I really hopes it lasts at least a little while longer. Lol
RT ": What are you tapping for tasting today?"
Has your library/archive started new initiatives during tough economic times? I'd like to hear!
Thank-you all for the Happy Birthday wishes.:D 69 days. Rosie!
Yay. And then some.
Did we just learn that from personal experience?
pain,fear,an anger are jus states of the mind.once released shall it truthin an stronger the real importants of ones mind.such as liven LIFE
Will that sunday interview be free? or cost?
If I was your hubby those tits would be caressed, fondled and massaged every single day! Not to mention licked & sucked! :-)
JR Smith might actually be the dumbest defensive player ever.
yeah by accident, lol
Nothing to watch, nothing to play, this sucks -________-.
alright and yours?
It's Friday. I'm home. I'm relaxing. Cat is with me. Bliss.
. Yes. Thanks! Story coming. // RT Did u hear of a 26YO woman getting deferred today after pleading to sex with her 13YO neighbor?
Thanks for all the November votes! please consider helping out Everybody Deserves Music by joining our project on crowdrise!
oh my glob
Looking forward to attending the screening of #blackinamerica with other Tech minded individuals tonight on behalf of
Slick Music Student Recital May 27. $2 tickets at the door. 7 pm. Doors open at 6:30
sayi.g one student was killed in school shooting my heart goes out to the parents send ur child to school & never come home :((
Retweet if you Ever heard somebody say Derrick Rose was their cousin *lol*
Okay, so they find the mad cow 'randomly'. Then say it is the only one.
ok sweet:)
Heading home tomorrow, so stoked to work on new covers & collabs w/ <3 Bring it on, summer!
Baltimore to hopfully get Indy Race in 2011, ohh man thats going to be cool!!
Leads me to wonder how authors in 20-30yrs will feel about it.
Happy to post that my Account Group Supervisor for GolinHarris, Consumer and VP of Digital, GolinHarris are filled. It took a month of hard…
I hate to respond again, but I am laughing like a bastard in relation to how much shit you wrote yesterday. Awesome.
My favorite will always be, "We're not watching WeTV. We're going to watch Sportscenter. Like men.
"the furs" music with my art should be interesting
thanks man. We are at a conference and my friends air won't boot, so we are going to restore it
side on the cross examination (:
Circus @ Pioneer Courthouse Square is cancelled due to the rain.
I am the punishment of God...If you had not committed great sins, God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you
Hi! Thx for dropping me a line; wish we'd had a chance to meet. Since we're in the DMV we can fix that! How abt a phone chat?
#writing "There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at the typewriter and bleed." Hemingway
missin your thug ways
Not again?! 2 outs, 2 strikes, Freese doubles and drives in 2 to tie. Yay! But ugh.
Universal Dominance will be mine!! RT : ▲ The Zoneplex shimmers in your general direction… ▲
Friend just told me about an awesome fiesta party idea- a pinata full of mini liquor bottles! That will certainly get your party started.
been tryin to get an rt from my boy wiz forever now keep that good shit up with rostrum
It's cold, wet, & windy and my dog won't potty. Ugh.
has already added 29 new tour dates to her tour.
hi there can you do me a huge favor real fast?(:
School Tomorrow -.-
Create good content on your website and really help the visitors on your site.
Saw #TheWhippingMan last night-fantastic performance. Looking fwd to seeing you direct more shows at next yr
morning :D
No, Fred Couples doesn't get to play from the senior tees in the Masters.
oh lord
I don't remember Captain America having a gun in the comic books.
Boy did wrist start trending quick in #dc, way to go Jayson.
Imagine Brandon Lil dread hanging Out Of A Milk Carton Lmao
words that describe a certain non-profit
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
": Oddly enough my followers have increased during my sabatical...." maybe people like you.better when you're not around?
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!4
Thanks AW---by the way it is Monday afternoon here--still trying 2 grasp the time diff. Didn't have a Sunday-it vanished.
Brody: bringing design back into a living space.
No Silver Stars in WNBA All-Star Game starting lineups.
I had those from '94-2007. Unfortunately, for most of those years there was nothing ironic about them.
Looks like #mw2012 is going strong on day one! I'm flying in tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting folks at the reception!
Congratulations to your grad school acceptance at #SDSU!
Untangling the missed chances for dialogue is beyond me and I can't just say, breathe, respect each other.
Van Morrison, you had it right buddy.
. Do you find that they have useful/new/interesting info, or is mostly just web addresses/etc already on display?
thank you Julia
Basketball tickets are in hand. Barring another parking ticket, this should be a good day.
I'm so sad right now. California's economy is in the shitter. Sign of things to come.
only you! Haha! ♡
This sophisticated, (former) big city guy just made casual reference to "Quarry Mart". Toto, I don't think we're downtown anymore!
nice meeting you yesterday!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.... /:
I needed that bro, you aint never lied
GO GIANTS!!
text me Will Ferrel Parody tweets that she didn't know he had
Lucky! How old were they when you started them playing?
Lmfaooo :') love you!": lmao don't kill my shit. :/"
I'm already on the mailing list!
#arma11 Visit Booth 233, demo scanners, register to win a MACBookAir & join us at 10:15 a.m.Tues for an InoTec Solutions Showcase. Be there!
after a liter of coke a bag of saltvinegar chips and a pound of salsa... i ask myself... why
Nice job on the review. I do admit that I find all the Cp community outlets a bit much. Looking forward to Cp6 though!
EXCUHSE ME? I'M the LBR? I INVENTED the term. Puhlease. I was willing to give you a chance but now you're done-- well-done.
You know what? Gladiator still rocks it the fuck out.
I'll Have Another, really?
its here ppl aint no half step'n bitch comes tomorrow............n i will be grinding them personally also.........
aka has no clue how many insults that this twitter account is about to throw in his direction.
Another mitt starts popping! MT : Morning. Throwing off the mound for the first time today! Have a great day." Great 2 hear
Does age poison us, or do we poison age?
Yes, but a lot of middle-school kids aren't ready for decontextualized, abstract thinking. Too slippery
what. in the hell. RUGBY, that is not a equal exchange!
i love #hollywooddream!
finally: an iPad version of Spotify - no more messing with my vertigo!
70 cappers now posted and the consensus is back up on KY..more to come by tip off
“I don't remember who said this, but there really are places in the heart you don't even know exist until you love a child.” Anne Lamott,
I don't fuck with any post 2000 Nas or Jay Z. Hate if you want.
for real! “: If only the officials could make the free throws for LBJ”
busy bee catching z's
I'm totally going to wear a fedora tomorrow. (Things I Think While Drinking Alone)
the only (stressing only) good part is that it won't be a long drawn out process. No two ways about it, teething s#%$s.
Fair, but we need to see if we can get some jinx points back. Either way, hope it's a good one today.
Bored ass!": Playing brick breaker...Too Bored"
All my profile pictures are me and band members. I need a good one of just mez
Got lost on Mt Si 50mile ultra, ran back to start & found RD, he offered to drive me back to course. What?! I'm an #ultrarunner I'll run!
You are more than welcome! Hope you will stop by next time you're in town!
Ha! First fuck up at Jerry World - Sound system is messed up on the National Anthem.
#smw12 Douglas Rushkoff: "Bill Clinton's presidency failed to the extent it was about him."
#usabilitycolab is a great idea!
aww your so sweet! Guess what? I love you too (:
I sent you an invite for the demo
I have less than a month(;
Back in DK again after the most amazing #SWb12 - Thanks to all for making the event AWESOME!! Hope to see you all soon again!
They need to start acting like the Bulls the best team in the East stop saying Heat bastards
just found out I will be MCing your show June 1 !! Very excited to work with you !
I should be working on this research paper however I'm addicted to
Applying for jobs. #exciting!
omg that's so awesome!! thank you Sara.
In your opinion what is the best swing trainer for clubhead speed AND creating lag?
Half-day, Niall got 3 million followers and I have mac and cheese. This is a great day <3
Thanks for the RT!
your so pretty !
Thank you so much! Keep your fingers crossed for us = )
My #EDC schedule is looking mighty trancey...
Yes it was! but my lawn and newly planted flowers are so happy! The sun always come back...great design! :)
O Don Draper is getting a taste of his own medicine
Dams are killing zones where salmon cannot escape Sea Lions . We pay billions to keep salmon
Happy birthday ! You make us smile everyday.
Interesting to see snow still on ground near #lowerNorthForkFire. Tells me Monday's fire moved very fast, in trees, not on ground.
A few minutes away from an assignment deadline with quite a bit to go and then coming to find out its been extended a few days =
Nickk,! could you please follow me! i love you !you inspired me so much<333
WHOA - Facebook just made a major change to the way we view photos. Click through our photos to check out the new features & feel!
When you have to use a mirror to take your profile picture I would say you need a friend :-)
It is BRUTALLY cold here right now!!! :-(
#Sanctuary is on right now! turn your t.v. to Syfy!
Thanks Randy!
I feel bad noww
Well, good morning world! Not quite sure what's happening.
Game Day!
Thanks. Meeting with group facilitator next week.
Giving up cursing with the roomies for lent. About to get creative with my word choice.
so true. Live your life to the fullest. Never let anything hold you back.
I might be obsessed w/ David Guetta & Sia. I should be a Go-Go Dancer. Seriously.
luckily for you, you are close to Yankees territory!
I am in love with the backyard weddings. Seems like the way to go these days!
call me
RT : 73% of Parkland's burn patients are men - guys be safe this 4th of July- leave fireworks to the professionals!
ha ha!
the twitcon is a boy so im pretty sure its not a girl
and now Chapman whom we thought was NOT available is now throwing in pen.
pretty good hbu?
I'm bartering with my neighbor already, soup to cleanup her computer...something tells me that's not a fair trade.
thank you bff I knew you would be the first one I love you more let's get it 26dsyz my baby!
What do people think of Obama's answers to the nation's questions?
An apple a day..
RT: On the market & on our block tonight! Expect star studded night tonight for the stunning !
Only if there are children present.
/staff ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid efforts. Interview available.
I brought the twins Click and Clack.
omg i love breakfast
Omg I walked into a strip club and these chicks are bony as fuck
I can either be too nice or a straight asshole. But definitely I don't have a in between.
Edgar Award for Best Critical Biography goes to Michael Dirda
really now Whitney Houston u say
I can imagine a few too:)
#DIFF 2012 Day 6 - South Korea is on the spotlight!
Blazers say Nic Batum will sign autographs at the Cascade Station Verizon Store. Saturday 2-3pm.
I really don't understand why my Braves are playing so horribly tonight. It makes me sad. We were tied for 1st. :(
If you stand for nothing, you will fall for anything!!!
RT Not even can save you tonight, #LetsGoRangers #NYR (via )
so if my music sounds different....that is why
#youknowitsrealwhen you drop it down like miley cyrus doing a wedgie dance WITH a sing along! haha!
Oh man, between reading tweet about playing in commerce mix games and railing anxious for faster shoulder surgery recovery...
My height is still 5"3' I haven't grown at all...O-well :P
Happy Birthday To My Grandpa, RIP <3
You havent paid rent in 2 months
Have 2 tickets available to each of the Cubs games this weekend! Tweet me if interested~
tweet. More
Put steimsma in!!!
We had a great time! Thanks for having us.
"I Will" Challenge coming soon!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you'll be able to visit my house soon!
Our friends are hosting a pre-party tonight at their Easton store from 6-8. Stop by to dine & benefit #OpFeed!
It's Taco Tuesday!! We're going to make sure you have some extra cash for tonight!
Messi-Ass-Can.
Great ideas! Thanks :)
yupp they do
i love the guy u interview with the gangsta voice. normally i agree with him. not expecting GDP as anemic as he forecasts.
The ending of this game is terrific.
I hate being short with every fiber of my being.
happy birthday fab i am a big fan of you and ja rule been wanting yall to do another calabo
Ha! RT : Would conservatives be in favor of allowing gays to marry if we call it 'marriage deregulation'?
This unlimited, All-Power, is operative in and through every part of my being.
please help stop kony watch the video kony 2012 its
are you a ball-hog or tugboat?
East Boston's new branch lib. is last in line for state construction funding. 22 multi-million $ projects ahead of them. Glad OH still open?
Scrabble... And my brother cheats by using his ipad xD
": Family Guy #hilarious" chump...
Saw #theadventuresoftintin with my son and we both thought it was amazing. A pretty under appreciated movie I would say.
I'm starting to wish we had checked in maybe next time.
We are currently casting military types for 'Bored to Death' this coming Monday.Call us at 212.391.4668 or email us at !
every time i see johnny depp in the trending topics, i think he's dead. he's been dead five times. i'm always glad he's not.
What exactly have you been buying to make amazon so concerned??
Interesting point. The current speaker, Howard Fuller just said that same thing (about conference attendees in general)
They put a brand-spankin new CHIPOTLE by my moms house!
Holy cow. Full rainbow over pdx right now.
#BoringMovies Dances With Wolves
you look beautiful with dark hair...just saying.
How's the show going? I tuned in last week btw ...
HAPPY FEBRUARY! EVERYONE GO TO BLING47.COM RIGHTNOW #DILLA <-wow!!!!!!
You can't convince someone that does not want to be convinced..
