I haven't had anything to say...
Of course grageband crashed before I could save the song I worked on For an hour
Pottery is like zen just with clay.
And now begins the time of year when I'm jealous of everyone heading to #SXSW. *Sigh* One of these years...
I didn't think a hunk of foam costs 3 grand. /:
WHOA That is one bad ass becoming a man.
Come to here. That's all we have.
was there too but a couple of years behind Quita and I.
I really like the new #Shinedown album!
bewitched girl..
Amazing and Addicting. Did you notice the orange couch in season 1? I was convinced Carrot was involved somehow
The nominees for the Lance Sijan Award were named today: Sergeant Edward Ihlenfeldt and Staff Sergeant Richard Bahr.
excuse me sucka??!! I ain't thinkin n bout them jive turkeys. I'm listenin to my grooves, ready to cut a rug
left the dvr but took tv, both computers, iPod.
Hate exercise, but enjoy walking your dog? Guess what you can still get your exercise while you spend time with your best friend!!
"Who wants to go to Marshall's?!" [ladies cheer]
Happy smooches! Wishing you and Bill a great 2011!
I wish I knew how to make dancing look "oh-so-easy" like those Dancing with the Stars pros!
haha yes it is!
You suck SBK
... Be part of an elite team that fights crime from a hot air balloon OR get slimed every time you say "I don't know"
what is that?
RT : Never, ever apologize for something that makes you happy (via )
I just started two strangers on a long discussion about pigs. Thank you Omelge spy mode.
(bryan) Some co-working desks available to rent at our offices in South Lake Union Seattle. Ping or if interested
I know some people from Adele's neck of the woods, and they get a big kick out of it!
it is nice plus waiting for the fish to bite you just get to talk, seems like people dont talk much this days
That's what I like to be- a pretty kind of mess. Hahah yes
Whew, another successful gala! Thanks to everyone who helped put it on and to those who joined us for the party!
Good morning I guess
's #BestSeminar is coming up tomorrow! It's going to be a great lineup of panel & workshop speakers. Hope to see you there!
Today aws hard and me an the Art teacher hugged it out. Some of my kids dropped drama for Sports! Arghhh. Theblessing is I got new students.
Playing doctor is for kids! Let s play gynecologist.
Beautiful misty morning Denver Colorado
I know, but God got this thing. All is well. Oh they kicked me out too!! All I can do is laugh thou
not open source?? wtf?! what's the advantage of that over wordpress?
I let my haters be my motivators
I love But why are the watermelon ones green? I don't know about you, but I eat the pink part of a watermelon...
i want a steve buscemi donor!
My rps are like all dead right now I'm bored
: are u at the game? Im up here handing tshirts to section 230; back in my seat after the half
Diction so much better. I could hear you from the back this time. Well done.
Soo teachers bee fighting?? Nd they wonder why kids do! Smhh..
Hey Y'all it's on again. Catch me and on today with our artist Diamond at 1pm PT and 2pm ET.
its official. I got that invite lol.
Remember, join @ nychunt.com the money is still there for the taking!
happy mothers day, mom!
School has like never been cancelled for a thunder storm. Besides, this is all going to be gone in the morning I think.
Judge Payne: "When case loads go up, it's impossible for our case workers to deal effectively with our families"
i am not a raper! HAHAHAHHA
Need a dope photographer for a celebrity event in LA June 9th. If you are one or know of one contact asap
My room is so cold.
I miss John Mayer on Twitter.
- Yo man we're trying to get out to to Germany ASAP do you know of any good venues?? Thanks
Recording Mixing Mastering Production all done at Soul Asylum Studios #SoulAsylumStudiosGroup !
#AGirlDeserves The best. Don't cheat, lie, or trick her. Treat her with respect, because if you don't someone else will.
whatchaya gonna do today handsome!(:
"View change as the one constant in your life. Welcome it. Expect it. Anticipate it."-Denis Waitley- Thanx 4 the reminder, !
Attn. clients: Is your online identity helping or hindering your job search? Come find out today at 1:00! Facilitated by
FREE SHIPPING on all styles and room collections!
facebook. talk there.
Cause you live in a maze for me dude :( RT : doesnt even pick me up in his sick as ride :(
everyting come naturally it come naturally wen u wit me baby everything naturally it come naturally it comes naturally bay bay bay baby....
BEST ALBUM EVER! When do you think you'll be releasing your US Tour Dates!?
Weird how the people who know the least about you can have the most to say.
Would anybody like to be in my iconic boyz video?
twitter is shorthand for, mah ba bo. Nah, I don't get it either. ;-)
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i might confess to my crush MIGHT lol
Join us and at the Iron Horse 3-7 for the best Kentucky Derby Party in town!
Watching some #Netflix gotta get my monies worth!
#FavoriteTVShowsAsAKid Dragon tales, Winne the pooh, Scooby doo, bananas in pajamas, Blue's Clues,Sabrina, the Teenage Witch
Who's ready for there copy of #COD #BLackOpps a week early?!!..i know i am..i will only have around 50 copies so 1st come 1st serve
That's hard to tell right now, with all of the injuries of top players, and other factors to consider. Bulls, Heat, or Thunder..
At Apple store. Heard at least two people very upset that they have to make an appointment at a retail store about a phone problem.
W.Facebook.com/takeoutmusic. We will be in studio tonight with Supa Dave on native Noise promoting the red jumpsuit show.
Ratchet, n-gga we act hood But I’m getting money with these white folk..
hey u ok!
RT : TONIGHT! Pat Sajak Assassins with Quief Quota and Hum Drum
Just bought tix for #IgniteBoulder - hopefully see you there!
#best staff ever!
Good stuff Rob. Curious, how often has the Heisman Trophy winner graced the EA NCAA football cover?
End of the night driver recommends Ethiopian Diamond. I agree. Get the lamb tibs.
good morning my beautiful future my man I pray my bestfriend soulmate n backbone . Love your beautiful soul mwah
Ohh lord Ian! ;)
Crying my eyes out watching the finale of grey's
god how's wherever you live?
No, I let someone borrow it on 11th grade, and they let someone borrow it after that, and they never gave it back.. 😔
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Fenty: charter schools as innovation labs: "don't try to create excellent school system; create system of excellent schools."
“: wtf ur such a dick lately #bye”
Love walking though campus today
RT RT : Upon putting conch shell to ear at Natural History Museum: "I hear the sound of a toilet."
From inside the library, the football game's drum beats sound like the angry natives in Herzog's Fitzcarraldo.
opens tha door and walks right in the Twitter World....
Excited to support the best! #whodey RT : It's official! has joined BBS as an official Sponsor for 2012!
Kanye, Drake, Big Sean, Jay Z, those kind of rappers.
Listening to a 20something trainer who ends every sentence with, "Right?". No, that's wrong. Very wrong.
Am I the only one excited about ALM content being available through ?
yeah, they will. Im on the committee. Will find out whats going on with that and get back to you. :)
How do you stop a monster from smelling?Cut off his nose.
The hell?
:-) RT : Man I just got an email from that made my day! Its great 2 have great ppl in your corner!
"Sometimes you just need to be with the person that makes you smile, even if it means waiting."
You won't believe what a Vancouver parent told a police officer when asked why he locked up his autistic boys in a caged room. kgw at 5
Today would have been my mom's 80th birthday. (She died at age 58.) Happy birthday, Mommy. I miss you. <3
thanks so much and thanks for letting everyone know about my insane sale!
25 years in tv news...and you think you burned up red ink? Not sure where the ink ended and the blood started...
Thanks for the follow! Glad you found us through !
You gotta love
olive garden !
Trust your gut, Your first instinct is always right.
Oh great, I really like him.
If you aren't watching the Big Game VI stream you are missing ditching winners in €64k pots & imagining full houses.
Everyone is saying that The Avengers was awesome and I didn't see it tonight. :(
Happy National Procrastination Week! Now or later? Later. (thanks )
Bing is beautiful
what would you think of the Bills taking Glenn over Reiff?
Does anyone have a picture of osama dead?
It's going to be a long road, but I'm hopeful :)
thanks for following!
Work hard, play hard. That's my motto. What will you be playing this weekend? I'm heading to the MN state fair.
How was everyones Tuesday?
lmao hahaha and im off friday
yeah yep lets go!
Just woke up, got dressed and ran out to the bus stop, was almost late, hope I'm not forgetting anything for school..
If I get to 900 followers by Friday, my Mom says I get a cookie. Get me a cookie.
I did't even know it stormed last night?
Praying for you at our prayer service tonight! May God bless you!
TONIGHT ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!!
SO FREAKIN NERVOUS !!!
Annoys da f# outta me when people send multiple 3 or 4 word texts back to back instead of saying it all in ONE damn text!
#Question Who is your favorite SF Giant?
Work is boring!!!!! I want to go home...
Anyone seen Jordan Taylor lately? Is he in Indy?
That looks delicious!
Thank you!! That makes us so happy!
Hi! I hope your day is going great! One direction Rocks! Whats your favorite 1D song?! xoxo Claudia Lee
Can I add u to f book?
I so promise I'm not unfollowing you...#dumbtwittersfault :-)
Thank you for an excellent presentation!
No work till 7. That means laying out in the pool😊☀🏊🌅
Thanks u as well. Happy New Year
"A merry heart doeth good like a medicine." Proverbs, XVII. 22
Winners so far were Tex/Sea Under 9.5 and Tigers-116. Angels blew a 6 run lead to lose along with the Brewers. 2-2 should be 3-1
Super Cure donation today. Wear pink in the #SBVillage! Patriots arrive to indy tomorrow, Giants on Monday!
That's 8 Coffees to many.... We overpaid -
I don't need you, but I want you.
hahaha that nasty! :) what you doin loser
Going to be a long day
In the office working on a possible ageneda for our next biz kid$ real meeting. First day's going well
CMS and Signage software, give your customers a way to monetize their screens with hyper local content.
lol your a mess
You change perspectives with every new thing you learn
Thank you, Lovely!
can I get a Rt for The Big Blue Nation??
I'm not worried about the 87% of Americans that are unhappy with Congress; I wonder about the 13% that are happy....
engage how so? We have a lot of outward facing sites, and a couple with outside users., but not sure if that's what you mean
Every time Lebron touches the ball they might as well put him on the line. At least it will save us some clock
Don't be afraid to learn about social media! Shows your brand's personality
HOW SWEET!!
Oh, Monday. *headdesk*
oh my god!!! how many times do u message them??
I hate when that happens...
Packers all the way!
Criticism" and dissent are the indispensable antidote to major delusions." -- Alan Barth
Are you looking for a website or twitter followers? I got your DM, You need to follow me back before I can DM you.
thanks Diane - right back at ya!
RT - So a girl I've known since I was little & cheered with in High School is on the fucking COVER of the miami dolp...
Off to a holiday party where there will be karaoke but no alcohol. I'm pretty sure that's a cause/effect pair?
yes! Loving your track and much success on it!
wait that's what I would have done. (other tweet)
It appears i'm at the bottom of the hill today. The shit river is pouring down.
that's how I ended up here. He did a cool interview on The Nerdist podcast not too long ago
- great pics..but you're right - to a lot of people, were still Victorian :-)
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
Golf again today.The course is five minutes away & dirt cheap. Great combination!
I give up!
There's a deal for $20 an uppe level ticket and a jennings long sleeve shooting shirt. I thin kits $35 for lower.
Mid-term grade rosters are available in Faculty Center. Contact with questions.
So bored! someone DM and cheer me up!
patricia johnson
"Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody."
haha that's literally the funniest tweet ever. Its hysterical that you said los
It's that time of year again! My nose hates the pink sakura blossoms, but I think they're too pretty to stay mad.
I just got a vintage hat box and a hundred patterns from vogue circa 1953. No one is happier than me.
mark my word. I'm planning to take it back within the week.
Hold up,has Novak even attempt a shot in this game?
Well, at least the Pirates got one hit! Ugh...
My curiosity is my weakness. I'm always interested in mystery.
I am starting to really dislike this Cargill character
thanks Jason! We are all doing well. All the best to you and the moms in your life. 😊
when do you get out?!
No school for me today 😉👌🎉
Announcing opening of Phoenix office of Munger Chadwick, PLC, Attys, at 24th and Camelback. Welcome aboard Robert Metli and Greg Patterson!
Help reach the #Houston #theatre crowd. Please recommend twitter accounts we should keep up with!
Thanks! :) How is the deletion of FB contact creepers going?
Only if you redistribute its source code.
January 31, 2012 is coming up faster than you think. Enter the Jubil Get Fresh Fiction Contest today!!!
What is the one skill that you have used every day so far this week? For me it is negotiation.
I wanna be a better person. I'll smile if someone is frowning. I'll help someone in need. Everything. I want to see the best in people.
Can someone please explain wat is gong on Nick twitter account???????? H E L P
The only way to simplify, he suggests, is to follow the basic principle that it’s our intention that determines our karma. Tenzing Norbu
Done work!! N just saw the cutest silver jetta! I want it XD
A cure for your hangover on Sunday: will have delivery all day this Sunday starting at noon.
Great! Happy to hear that. Welcome back.
shutup you got offended not me go find something to do lol
Mass digitization allows for the fact that scientific ?s of today are not the same ?s we'll have tmw
Have you heard D1C's new song feat. of ? It's up on facebook right now and will be taken down at midnight! Check it out!
The lovers,
#PNM rationing gas supply. Gas supply 2 KAFB shut off. Office blowing cold air & service people N dorms w/o heat now. 4 real ppl?
Sad with the lost of Elizabeth Taylor. Great actress, great movie personality and not to mention the beauty of a queen! Go in peace!!!
Say what you need to say
RT Bono is now the richest musician in the world. In 09 he bought 2.3% of Facebook for $90m, shares now valued at $1.5 billion.
Maybe paying Orioles players by the innings was a mistake.
Wrist problems suck!
oh, anytime!
happy birthday girrll!!! :)
I'm so happy you liked it! Thanks for great visit, RT & follow!
RT Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on. ~Bob Newhart
Greetings all Follow me as I follow you..... Thanks
Good luck in court today, ya filthy animal <3
when you weigh decades of economic and environmental impact of an insufficient Beltway, that doesn't seem so bad
I'm thinking what drivers we have to work with might pull into our local TED - yes? I just moved back, so...
I see you on instagram. Love u
we have to weigh the different circumstances though. Record doesn't matter, state playoffs do.
BodyPump and checked...Gotta run to get my erands done before I crash this afternoon ;)
RT #FITB ____ always talking about they at the Gym..But its been a year & no results LMAO ...
Amazon- don't diss "traditional libraries" when I can check out 20 free ebooks per month vs. your 1 book per month for $79 a year.
Hibachi grill later. :)
Be Like Gaga. She Loves Everyone, Even her Haters.
Good luck to u! Excited to take on my new role with The Murphy Insurance Group tomorrow!
Some people need to #ShutUp and
not for me - I'd like the IV drip, please - no app required
: how cute I guess you'll have to bring him to my house when you go back on tour. I'll take good care of him.
Wow - that sounds amazing fun. Can I take the class too?! Hopefully you'll share your wonderful syllabi & assignments, right?
Someone needs to copy the blue c sushi restaurant model and apply it to dim sum, hors douvres, and paleo meals
Who knew purlieus meant neighborhood/surroundings? Readings that use obscure words instead of normal words <
I don't think I can DM you (I think you have to be following me as well), but I did send an e-mail from my work account. Thanks!
Reading & tanning in the sun so #oomf can't make fun of my paleness anymore :P
Falling asleep in class for a min feels like an hour
"Where's the lakers fans during game 1 or 2????" Like fuck you guys we still were rooting for them!! We are NEVER quite!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great day :)
Steven Jackson
I see you 
#CBJ finally wins against the Blues!
SHOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT SOME LOVE!! : ! :D
ha, i know this isn't forever!
go through my tweets. I've been explicit about it haha
Slow music is not appropriate right now
Evilness with FUR! Rar! Glad everyone is ok!
Uconn takes a timeout.
get excited handsome 😘
Be yourself & don't compromise your values. Doing so is a quick ingredient to problems later on.
Denial....first sign of denial....wait.... RT : Knew what? Just to clarify, I DO NOT like Justin Bieber.
recoring with Max Corwin!!! Excited. This is going to be awesome.
Donald C. Moore has been nominated to be President-Elect of the Ohio Association for Justice (OAJ). The final vote will take place 5/2/12.
Wait new school is playing RISD in "men's basketball"? I didn't know new school has a basketball team?
There has been a lot of talk about Seattle getting a basketball team. I would feel bad about stealing another cities team, but not that bad.
You've got the potential to kick some ass yourself, ma'dear. We'll catch up tomorrow.
The akward moment when your making out with a guy on his bed and his mom walks in
RT Had some great vegan soul food tonight #oakland [Where!?]
Had a good end of the day with #oomf today (:
These NBA playoffs are unfolding like The Simpsons softball episode. I expect Kevin Durant to fall down a bottomless pit any day now.
My life changing,as we speak
"In Tears of sadness or Joy, There is always an angel sent to us in perfect place and Timing, this is one of God's greatest mystery gift"
RT : Had some people at #c21gc tweet up wondering why was missing #nola. I'm sure he'll be in #vegas. (yup!!)
Half an hour left in the $10 Jamba Juice gift card giveaway! Tell me your favorite smoothie in a comment and it could be yours!
Why did the banana need sun tan lotion? He was peeling. LOL
The UFC now has another fan! Great to meet you!
Your windsong stays on my miiiiinnnnddd....
So jealous! Have fun and take some nice pics!
Ah well! I am their leader, I really ought to follow them! - Alexandre Auguste Ledru-Rollin
hope all is well, i'm all ears if ou ever need to talk to someone.
Like a book elegantly bound in a language that you can't read.
What ON EARTH was Gilbert Arenas thinking?
Cold potato noodles, tea smoked duck, and salt pepper shrimp are only ok, I wouldn't get those again.
That happened...
I'll share the diss with you (and too). I'm going to do a quick post-defense copyedit first though. . . :)
very odd, the estate is only going to rake in money over the next few years. Look at MJ.
Strongly suggest the Jorts. Give those legs some air.
FOOD FACTS! If you are cold you are more likely to be hungry because you use energy to keep warm.
"If you teach people what their options are, they have this miraculous capability to make the decision that is in their best interest."
#OutoftheLoop What should i do if I got divorced but didn't have grounds? Seek reconciliation with God and your spouse.
Got to hear our baby's heart beat for the first time today! God has truly blessed us!!!
Agreed! Hard 4 some teachers 2 give up that power. I nver lectured when I taught. Obj. on board. I walked and helped.
Thai food. #LennyKravitz concert. #TVD. Perfect night.
ha, I'll toast to that.
haha you already know bro !
A corporation's first target is to generate profits. Government's first role is to take a large chunk of that money and give it to others.
I Honestly Don't Know Who To Trust At This House
Some of our employees can't make it into work this morning, so we will be closed until 5 pm. Stay safe and dry everybody!!
U cool
are you talking to yourself? better said, are you tweeting yourself?
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
it's cute when you basically admit you'll only talk to me when you NEED me.
if this helps her instagram is
I'll help you get on stage to do that.
Dinner at yummy Enoteca andthen some free #sxsw shows!!! :)
im rite next to you bae
GIROUX moves to semi finals of NHL cover vote. Face pussy ass malkin.
have fun! Haha.
dang heard there was new one. Was hoping they fired Josh...Rich deserves better
Coolest cause in Madison is help out...or if you need a xmas gift...check em out!
I think that's an amazing, wonderful and superb axiom.
so jealous!
Now that's what the #Grammys are all about--great performance by Adele!
RT: RT : I'm thankful that my childhood NEVER saw the"linked-arm two-step"at hardcore shows. Seriously.why is this cool?
The economy must be worse than I thought. The supermarket is sold out of AIM. Guess I'm going to have to buy rich man's toothpaste.
Its been one of those days where u just wanna curl up under the covers, eat a box of triscuits, & cry into ur stuffed animals.
Looks like you lead a totally fabulous life!
honestly a lot of maps are mainly indoors except for afghan and wasteland and if mw2 had spawn protection then nuke = moab
Looks like I'm done fishin for a bit
awe man. Dogs are the BEST! You're missing out. Are you home for Easter?
It'd be nice to have someone that I could talk to late at night just about...anything. Blah
#imagine You and Harry just got done kissing for hours, he grabs your face & says, "I don't ask for alot bc with you I have everything."
Getting ready for our 1st Sunday Brunch! This Sunday March 29th 10am-1pm. Join us this and every week. Make resos for Easter Brunch too!
Watch put youth media look forward to And use mobile tech, game design, & create online learning capabilities, like
alienates us from Christ. from the Explanation of Gal. 2:16. Verse 21: For if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.
Never leave your animals alone in a parked vehicle! Your pet could have a heatstroke in as little as 15 minutes.
Awesome! You can always call the store or email to reserve a certain day.
"Shaking my head" I think? haha
Had a great day rehearsing. The theatre is beautiful! I'm open tomorrow.
Time will fly by super quick! :) “: 7 more weeks! Holy cow!”
so awesome to see you here...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN
Go where ? :) RT : haha alright than:) what about you? Are you gonna go?
Yes im the shit but you the one thats stank
oh that guy looks sexy!!
Get eye contact&stand still when giving verbal directions, reducing distractions improves retention. Useful at any age or stage.
Thanks to everyone that came out for a Bad Bad Sunday!
Hearts change, I know they do. But a part of mine will always belong to you.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they give small nonprofits a voice! RT
Anyone who RT's, mentions me, or favorites a tweet of mine, gets a picture from Domo!!!!
#comcastfail becomes #comcastmystery: internet restored in my house, though comcast said they would have to come here tomorrow to fix it.
“: If a #Libra can't make you smile you may need a therapist.” true story
good morning ^_^
Sunday evening...the time you realize the weekend is almost over. :(
STAY FLY AND KEEP THEM GEARS TURNIN. YOU GOT THIS.
That's no news flash, sadly!
ahh Dude i got Schmidt Sickness .. And its an very superdooperawesome sickness dont ya think ? :D
“This the live we chose, Workin’ all night, Swear I’m never going broke, And I’mma do this till I Die
Ok thanks.
I have a thing for repeating letters #luv ~ Fun fact: "Bookkeeper" has 3 back-to-back sets of repeating letters: via
doing the right and honest thing shouldn't require too much thought.
My human is traveling but she will post it in a bit.
thanks I love the avi pic.....sexy
voy a tratar de twitter en españhoy. I'm going to try to twitter in spanish today.
What is it about late nights that makes cagefighting on Versus seem like an appropriate thing to watch. Oh yeah, my natural bloodlust.
it's on the list for sure...
Just followed #followback #jiujitsu #Hawaiian Poke Bowl serves up the best #hawaiian #poke!!!!
he will be a farm dog.
Do you guys like my new icon??
Sunnyledge its a little hotel in shadyside on fifth. come in today i work at 4!
Loving the work we hope we can help and volunteer soon!
Capitol Square filled with protesters. Demonstrators circling Capitol.
Come on down to 400 w. Rich st for ! Food trucks and !
“: #pdxduckbizlunch...#Ducks love to help Ducks. What a great community to be a part of.”...love it!
it is impossible to be a true believer and liberal. I'm reminded of camels and needles.
Another great day shooting with despite the sudden frigid DC weather!
Oh!!! It didn't say who those were from. :) Thanks!
It's been a rough day
I may have scoffed when they announced it but man I love Apple's cards app. Just made and mailed some cards from the potty
Thanks to all who came out to our #WarehouseSale this past weekend! #estatesale #tagsale We've got another one in the works!
Can't wait for "Women, Technology and Social Change" lecture this Wednesday.
That any one has good coment on tranfomers dark of the moon.
haha I'm not doing it either xD I attempted but it just wasnt happening
absolutely. I'd like to DM you an email address where I can keep in contact with you, but you have to follow us before I can DM you.
during a massage they use massage lotions and cremes
On BQE listening to Jared Gold's "All Wrapped Up". So Killing!
DON'T HATE, MEDICATE!
Morning tweeps!! How you guys doin today?
One million dollars to the first person who can explain what's happening in Clintonville, WI. Not necessarily from me, mind you.
ya know, i've never watched that - heard mixed things when it started, but heard that it hit it's stride. might have to check it.
“: yes! Do it!” ( I may have to..thinking of something soon Happy 2012 BTW !)
And there's more.
you're the best.
Hopefully all of you had a productive day and hopefully a great evening!
yes you do that..gabo is always better in Spanish
Sorry to hear AG
Writing a new song, using a lot of quotes from here... Tweet me if you have any ideas. I'm using tweets from my favorites. shoutouts to best
go to sleep! #getlikeme z z
I'm kinda like little kid who is angry with the whole world because of his christmas gift. :D
They've also made me really, really angry.
I wanna go out tonight!!
Or Disney World, hey I don't mind.
Oh, mother: "Allie, you and Daddy will have to make a Captain Jack's [the liquor store] run so be think of that as well..."
Shoot for the stars
For the first time my hair looks good while its wet
You know you're a trusted friend when someone tells you "you'll be the first to know, my dear."
Occupy Atlanta masked gang descends on Chase on Moreland. Chanting "Stop foreclosing on our homes!!!" Cops show up with a wagon.
right? come on by :)
THE Ohio State University
no more #Muppets, no more me. taking a break from #Oscars to do more interesting things
jk we have it in the library sometime in the morning
If theirs one thing to know about me. Its that I'm terrified of rain,thunder,lighting.
Booking our trip to Disneyland! It's a Mickey Mouse lover's dream come true! <3
Change is good, even when it hurts or is scary. Take the risk of doing something different, you never know what opportunity it might bring.
SMDH my parents say I lie about being places because I'm hanging with boys; They need to trust me.
a boring one
Ecuador&#39;s &#39;Oil For Forests&#39; Scheme Seems To Be Failing
The best part about vlogging is that you never have to wear pants.
thanks my man
If I have to talk to one more uneducated person at this J O B.....I think I going to lose it
If you're not a horror fan, still worth seeing?
I probably favorite tweets more than anyone else....
All y'all need to go to bed! ;-)
lmao you a mess!
The bet was the high point of entertainment; except for Fred Thompson selling reverse mortgages during the ad breaks.
good afternoon
hmm can we say cheater? yes we can!
Go ahead and add #TheGuardian to #News I'm #boycotting. Total lying #propaganda about #Syria.. :( #RealSyria <3 Bashar al #Assad - 24/7
Awww T-money I love you & Vinny ! Please follow me
Sam Albert is fucking sexy even though his name doesn't sound like he would be. Lmfao
Great beginning to the new season of "Survivor"!
Nice, now can he be the nominee already?! RT: BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins GOP primary in Wisconsin -AB
Wow.. That was so fake. Hahaha
Happy day of birth lol =p everyone get their happy bdays to me before I get petty tomorrow lol
People r tired of being nickled and dimed by companies like 1-800-Flowers.
that was the best prom ever! Now when are you coming to visit?
Super excited about working with on Thursday.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me41
Rich: Gov'ts in areas not at risk of earthquake should focus on safety issues appropriate for energy producers in their region.
It sure us. I'm terrifying everyone near me.RT You're still coughing too!? Man this gunk's persistent!
There are over 100 billion people in this world, and your going to let one ruin your day?
is getting all nervous about musical storytime. They've been a bit chaotic.
"There is one sure thing in the uncertainty of this thing we call life - death."~ Thomas S Monson
Oh how I dislike math.
-yo bitch geting out of line!
Being the Governor of Illinois is NOT the job to have.. You would come out better as a ______________ dealer.
Hey guys and gals! If you are following me and are NOT following you really should. Help our School!!!
I'd love to have a great breeder via recommendation. IF you happen to find the name, please let me know! Thanks Mike!
Worst additiion EVER
I hate to see a crucial baseball game decided by errors.
good to know I'm going to Netflix it.
I have just returned from Boston. It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there.
Perfect day for a gallery opening & a stroll along the Hudson with two of my favorite ladies.
Are you somewhere in the crowd?
Great 4th Wall after-party at the Geffen last night. Class tonight, audition in the morning. Now if only I didn't have to work in between...
I only get swimmers and softball players now. Football and basketball stopped after I refused extra concessions for athletes.
Funny, but Milwaukee has such a unique brunch culture here. Brunches aren't the same outside of our city.
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I wonder what I'm having for dinner, OOHHH! A bunny!
Waken...Baken...Celebrating the Holiday
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. = Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
I just realized how hard it is to talk... -EPIC FAIL-
And all the girls that played me, eat your muthafuckin heart out
im goin surfing right now, later
when u coming back into the 805?? We miss you!
desk jobs take a toll on the body. make a point to move every hour, whether it's to deliver a message or just circle the office
Love the confidence! RT : Just shopping for a new case for the iPad I'm going to win from OnPoint! :)
#2011icf Watch out... and are at the same table in the BrandYou session. ;-)
Check out the Masters 2012 Facebook Tab that I created in Shoutlet 5.0. Took about 20 minutes with no coding. Let me know if you want to h
WATCHING NBA playoffs
Finally got around to uploading the new photos from the fabulous Boutwell Studios. Now I just have to get them onto the site...
I always #followback :) eating some good ass tacos tonite!
Need business cards, flyers for an event, memorabilia? Design it yourself and get the finished product today! Contact one of our reps today!
It's always so hard to leave Kai in the mornings, I love u Kair Bear!
I'm Blessed To See Another Morning
Not sure what the deal is today, but it's pretty busy here. I can get used to this!
Rep earned some blossoms (and maybe served himself a turd) at today's Coffee Party. See Wed's for the smelly details.
Uh oh, she's a stage 4 clinger.
#BandsILovd Asking Alexandria
So far, these wrkshops are only for grad students, right? Miriam, could we think about what they would look like for UGs?
A great day..visiting Busch Wildlife Sanctuary and Loxahatchee River Center..Joe (Tami's Hubby) grilled out..yum..ate cake from TooJays
All mankind love a lover. ♥
Thank you so much and nice to hear from you again!
I had a Japanese lady as my substitute in Spanish today.. She was pretty legit! #Mrs.YokoWeeks!
Thanks & welcome back! #BreakALeg on current & upcoming work
My two favorite #Oscar performances this year that you probably didn't see: Christopher Plummer in Beginners and Nolte in Warrior.
Having ONE adults name on the lease
where you thinking?
cool I can get a a custom drop for you done as well If you like..
I just don't feel her arrangement was as creative as the other contestants this week.
I like quiet in coffee shops which is probably why I like the place haha.
I just wanted to say I agree with your assessment of the DQ on the last card. I am also glad you said what I was yelling! haha
what book are u discussing? Saw the chat-We are an interracial family. Dating outside my race cuz lots tension
Good Morning!! ;-)
Dining room open 'til 2am daily! Get our family meal for just $19.99; 1 Lg 1 Top pizza, 12 wings, garlic bread sticks & 4 sodas! Dine in.
I think Gonzaga is an 8-seed (some have them as a 7-seed). We'll probably be in Greensboro, Pittsburgh, or Omaha. You?
This is kind of surreal.
what movie?
Music NOW.
are done, but we still have the Football is next(:
hola everyone ! can you guys do me a big favour? can you follow my personal ? :D i always follow back, i promise !
for sure :) #RObotz . You a big fan of ?
I've heard about you, and your laggy words.
"The family that drinks together, fistfights."
haha u like that stuff try
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
good to meet you. We'll have a proper chat later this week!
So uh, can I get a refund on my season tickets yet?
it's awful! haha.
There is truth behind evry lie... Lol. Bullshiit. W.O.R.D.
Bought a timer for the kids, teacher rec. 1st thing Sam did was set it to limit my time talking with before cooking dinner.
Great talk on geospatial analysis, my favorite for the day. Perfect balance of code and presentation. Thanks for the slides!
Why is XboxSupport so good?
haha thats VERY random it would be cheese flavor lol u?
Wake up people!! And if you saw me dancing in my jeep at 5am ... Well. Blame Madonna.
The past two days in a single word? Ironic.
So I wont be on until 2 in the morning... Tomorrow...lol it's all day... K BYE<3 Love you guys(:
I wonder if #prom is trending yet ?
We support those that support us!!
How are you doing, tiger?
My little dog - a heartbeat at my feet. ~Edith Wharton
yes really and then the Lakers
And also thanks to everyone who attended! We'll have information on next month's meeting available soon.
I feel your pain. More purple nurples to the rescue?
please follow me I'm such a BIG fan?
We are! Can't wait for the first show on Wednesday!
My 2 yr old ate the WHOLE apple. Good fiber I suppose.
internet out today. thanks to for letting me cadge your wireless for a bit!
It's sad, man. And that terrible number 27...
hey lady!
“: Looks like leverett got shafted again. Or did the blacks get shafted cuz they r in dunster haha” they were shafted
Hey, Angela!
wut happened now
Where in the bay u from?
Hi ho hi ho... off to my second job I go...
what's the general vibe?
i love you!"
Plaque given by Mike Scott to El Cajon City Mgr. Kathi Henry from Heartland Fire & Rescue... "Your contributions... need to be recognized."
The next time has a concert, im gonna go. No matter where it is, i'm going.
I can make special brownies for dessert!!!
 Good morning how are y'all this morning? Have a great day!!
Oh I Live In Dallas,Texas!(:
didn't realize it's 99 degrees outside.. -__-
I have so much to do today/this weekend/until march but can't make myself actually do the meaningful tasks in front of me.
don't be bringing that weather back down to the A. lol It's already a lil frigid.
I'm not saying she's a whore, but if dicks had wings, her mouth would be an airport
Finals week. Feeling the wrath/impatience/stress from students. Breathe, people, and be nice to your librarian.
ah cant find my Turn table to DJ Hero !
pepe dislectic trying to find a bone ass lol
Listening to on my crappy beat up iPod with my family and friend.
Congratulations to Donna Gray, Awards Mall, for her 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!
What is a runner's favourite subject in school ?Jog-raphy !
it bugs you that much baby cakea
Walgreen want ID when buying allergy tablets containing pseudoephedrine, a drug that can be abused. My UK driving license isn't acceptable.
The dogma of teacher as distributor of knowledge collides with the constraints of today.
that ref that just yelled at the coach was responding to the coach yelling at him in public - and I quote - "you f--n suck!"
I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost
Sad that Network is begin deactivated...that's been a daily stop for me for the past several months.
what's good follow me songwitermusicofdash do what it do to bring u hott hitss!
Hello!!! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes Please help me get more views!!
As a VT Officer for the A.S.P.C.A., I’d like to sincerely Thank You for everything you do for Animals. You’re a good man!
RT : In the darkness of ones mind,reality is the true horror.
So are you serious ..sometimes you have to stop and ask
Hey SLA tweeters! Let's see more of Carville's speech aside from that 1 tagline. Absentee SLAers need 2 know!
Yay! RT : i think this is the best tea i've ever had. #77 apple spice :) cc:
sometimes the bullshit isn't worth what you can learn
Please let this be a sign. I don't wanna be at school today.
#ohmygosh i want to do the ellen dance challenge thingy!
of course but wade got a bad bitch
god forgives i don't :(
At work standing at the back of the class, trying to stay awake on his dry ass
Are You Ready for Episode 4 of Tyme Johnson-Making It In Manhattan?
How do users find books? 19% found during registration process.
I find it cute that all of them have 5 or less letters in their names ^_^
Alright Folkies, that's it for us tonight! See you tomorrow!
Bam! And THAT'S why I don't carry #weed around! #SuckItPigs! #stopped&searched
Looking to make your health a priority in 2012? Stop by the Y today where now until Jan. 31 you pay no join fee when you become a...
A few favorite artists to download:
Meeting with to design my dress for the red carpet launch party in LA for the so excited!!
#wanna #be #mines? #would #go #out #with #me?
thank you.
Yay! You're a star!
oh no dont worry
Yea it sucks when it's slow. I work ar a college so the only sites we block are gambling & porn sites lol
Semester officially in the books.
Going to see master Twyla and Frank tonight ! Can't wait to get swept away!
leave Marilyn Monroe out of ur trash program. She is NOT ur doormat for "creative license" nor the savior of ur bad story.
. . . we are undocumented by the fresh scent of yerba buena. we are voiceless we are witnesses to the violent end of the 20th century. . .
Goodnight I'm fucking tired
my seat just got jack :( he will not move
i make a damn good sandwhich.
Cincy Alum Dad will be happy Florida State lost. So am I!
Mommie made me soup 😊
Justin's book released in September will be about behind the scenes of Believe eg. Justin planking on Alfredo LOL
Great discussion so far. MT : At the Funding Reform Town Hall. A constructive debate & necessary first step.
Welcome to the Twitterverse.
I'm not spamming any of my followers, I promise, it's this stupid website! I don't spam, I can promise you!
Good morning everyone, we're up bright an early for a 10am school show, then playing with the Pine Richland HS orchestra tonight!
Aren't they cute ;)
well thanks for telling me when I was over there!
we make it work;)
Mexican feast with the fam
making $$ & doing you own thing that's two of the best things
ah sorry I had other plans tonight..:/ but thanks for the invite!
Are you living under a rock?
#Foxtrot software automates data entry in CACTUS. Foxtrot can also automate the process of taking data from CACTUS and loading in MEDITECH.
I miss u ...come back to Madison
No prob :) We provide the app 4 u guys to do social media action alerts on FB & the website - hope campaign's a success
My part in this one song is weird and it SUCKS!!!
Thanks, bro :)
Looking forward to the UNWIND tonight @ The Crazy Horse Steak House!
i wanna fucking rage tonight! its friday!!! :)
Nice to know my husband is stalking at the #BizExpo and telling me how pretty his eyes are while I'm stuck at work.
is anyone as excited as i am about the Seattle Sounders season opener?
Hey zach :)! thank you for inspiring me!! Love you any advice for my music... Love you , can't wait to see you soon!! <3
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Sometimes I don't think people realize how hard it is to run this... the shit I get from people... yeah. It hurts. He's a favorite of mine.
what up
McCain is dead on spending freeze except for defense!
I loved hanging with m'ladies! Can't wait til next time!
Can't wait until come home ju .
yea I am but at least I'm not in denial.
But, when we asked they had already gotten a big cookie donation so may be some there? Maybe?
many using excel spreadsheets to sign people in+out of investigator meetings. R there relatively inexpensive electronic options out there?
HAHAH i see what you did there
Another Virginia Elite player takes the floor. Obi Enechionyai captures the game MVP award. Great work Virginia Elite
imma be a dj for halloween, last year i was a rapper....so i cant dress up as what i am...haha
Follow back?
We just learned about who's doing great work for #green #education. Pass it on!
sorry. But MAYBE he could have. Does he have a girlfriend??
I killed Johnny Cash.
2012 Stories CD No. 5 "Cannac" (there is no form without spirit) coming soon! Stay tuned!
Great music coming up on our campus! May19 PartyInThePark -June3
been on #grindmode all day working on some new stuff
DM or email me the story
Chief keef mad garbage
Lovin the warm days and cool nights.
Sweet!! Happy birthday! When are you coming to party?
I feel bad for the boys sometimes. They can't go anywhere without being bombarded with fans. They have lives too you know. Let them live it.
Thanks , for trying our analysis! Feedback always appreciated.
Donate to MCPL Friends Book Sale! Donations accepted at the front desk of any of our 9 MCPL locations. Thanks!
Needed that one!
Thanks for the response. I, unfortunately, was victimized yesterday, and it appears others are too.
Hey Check out Pastor Joel R. Peebles Sr. on the Word Network. Today at 3:30pm. Check it out!!!
Thanks for the RT yesterday. I heard Saul Reyes speak in El P last month. He's clear and good.
Gustavo, Dana and John have time for tattoos!
#NP Rihanna We Found Love ♥
- Plainview is drinking milkshakes on AMC right now!
Off to the Hill to talk with Senate staff about university role in innovation and entrepreneurship.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 23
#CHRISTMASISCOMING. I'm like a little kid when it comes to Christmas. <3
somewhere is crying...
My body is tired but I can't sleep
You're missing a super weather shot day!
Awwwwsome! :D I'm glad you had such a great experience. But yes, it truly is even MORE when you are here for 5 days :)
Back in here again
It's ok some of the crew speak spainish and ne to a little because of my Nana
Got trapped by my neighbor again and now she's telling me about her bloody urine, all I asked was "how ya doin"?
anyone showing a line for Kobe scoring 38 points tomorrow?
Please say it's you!
RT : RT : "Scumbag" originally meant condom.
Slept in (ok - OVERslept - maybe 2 much fun @ RFD?) On my way to tweet from Promoting Recreational Reading
Just Because You Don't Want A Relationship Doesn't Mean I Don't Either. But I Live With It Cause You Are The One I Want A Relationship With.
Umadbro? Uh, no...#stopthatbro it's annoying..
First aid and CPR.. Not fun
Trolling on 's life.
At St Arnold's Mussel Bar in Cleveland Park. So how much is .3 liters in pints?
I'm loving all my new followers! Thanks darlings. Spread the word, won't you? www.spradasuperstar.com is the place to be!
"I, the undersigned, will not indulge in activities unbecoming of the distinguished profession of journalism."--app form for a j-visa :)
slept through first and second period. again.
I would love to talk with you directly. I am an award winning author. please contact me!
OH on #NPR Chris Rock: "Anything you could suck at should make you nervous."
I love the charm of Boston... So much brick and ivy...
you could write me a verse..and I'd help you rehearse..the things u long to learn
6 sexy lads go follow
Turn 21 and the world is yours. Turn 41 and you will give it back LOL
Lips > Crusty Vagina
Oh, you boys are DREAMY!
lets get it in
Haha my last try
definitely don't remember that lol
Crate training =most important behavior for training/nurturing a young puppy. It is not cruel to crate. Decreases anxiety
Pete you should come on my baseball podcast brother in universal city it would be fun are you a redsox fan
Ha ! you'll learn the hard wayy.
words cannot describe how much i love =)
And the best host award goes to......
You misinterpreted. I said I suspect we disagree about the extent of the pain, not its existence.
cause you made that for me
Looking forward to the #leanstartup #dctech meetup tonight at on a great subject - "Getting Paying Customers".
soups are the BEST in the District! Wish I was tucking into a steaming bowl right now - rather than this Lean Cuisine :(
Invisible Children employees and volunteers told not to comment
sounds like a lame movie plot; but good plan nevertheless!
PISSED OFF....PEOPLE TOO OLD TO BE SO CHILDISH...
Hitting the four+ hour road to Richmond to deliver a talk at annual meeting on the Connecting to Collections grant. VA here we come!
Not entirely sure what the hell i'm looking at.
Give him some of your awesomeness ! He just won't even try
It was amazing! Thx for asking. How was yours?
Should I be watching this "Once Upon a Time" show?
Thanks guys. I'm glad I could help out.
Now THAT was top-notch odd, right there.
We are experiencing slow service with www.acg.org. Direct event registration or renewing membership issues to .
I just love you so much. Me and my gay friend seriously flip over you<3 lmao. You're perfect<3
Not liking Alica keys voice right now
We graduate tomorrow. Just stop.
Played softball w/Bshift, 1st base, man my hand is killing me. Might have made the team inadvertently.
Thanks for serving up another stellar Croque Madame.
Playing WSOP Deep Stack ... late entry 15 min into level 4 .. stack 15000 follow further chip updates
I nominate for #BayAreaFreshmen10 2011 via
you took advantage of me, I dont appreciate that .. you son of a god
the fast brown fox waslked over the boring dog.
If its a joke ur a dick but yes of course
I always knew Jonathan Vilma was a goon
No more piercing <'3
Chirashi-great flavors, awesome value RT : What did you get for lunch?! We hope you enjoyed :)
Bah... Adulthood. Time to behave and stuff.
I laughed at this. then felt guilt. Then confusion. A range of emotions really. A rainbow if you will
yes, according to a presentation I saw today at #hcms12 but I can't prove it. :)
Getting ready to go to an Armenian wedding in Glendale. Goal tonight- to make sure my cologne enters the reception before me.
Looks like I've made my decision. they won't be happy, but I'm not looking for their approval
Hell yeah she be loving that, hell yeah-hell yeah she be loving that ladies let me hear you say oh oh oh-oh oh
Just have to say... am proofing the audio of AN IMAGE OF DEATh with Robin Rown as narrator. It ROCKS!!!
Illuminating Sat at NY library NY Historical Soc 60 min presentation Sun at St. Bart’s for William Blake book discussion special moments
still love you...
Been working since 0300 and I'm feeling like a zombie.
OMG THAT HOUSE COMMERCIAL OMFG HUGH LAURIE -BONER-
Never forget how thrilled I was by those 3 one hour TV specials by #Streisand in early 60s.
Hey cheer up beautiful you don't deserve some dude getting mad at you all the time. Hope everything works out:) love you!<3
I missed you today :(
Good Morning!!! Thanks for the #FF Hope you have a great day today
Thanks to everyone who showed love in 2011, stay connected for 2012, more to come... Happy 2012!!
nothing in life is free. If a candidate can't come up with a few hundred for VAN, how are they a viable candidate?
MN has been rainy for weeks and days on end...fun in the sun today!! We make the most of it since a blizzard could be here tomorrow!
if you plan to go catch them - I'm in. When is the boat leaving?
#Actors are you ready for the answers to all your questions?! Coming soon www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com
i just had one of the best days of my life..and only expecting them to improve...
Why does the weekend always go by so fast?!
I would rather be just friends forever then be your girlfriend and break up, then lose you all together.
your eyes are the size of the moon <3
and took a cookie!
Hm, think we may have to handicap you. Are you a mean drunk?
St. Xavier's Austin Clemons has a line drive single in the T1, but he's stranded at 1st. Eastern coming to bat for first time. No score.
FUCK AS CHILL
Follow & she will follow back .
most of the apartments I had in Wisconsin used to be brothels, so I'm not entirely surprised.
what did u use to move delicious to pinterest?
I dont get it. I would hate to think I tricked em, they fall victim to my system, guess I sure know how to pick em? And Im always her regret
Nick Johnson!!!
thanks a lot, we really appreciate it
Buck was great calling the end of last night's game, but the "Tell Hugh Jackman"? Cmon.. still think Gus Johnson needs to call every chmpshp
"I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend."
Really?:o
"Diners drive-ins and dives" is the least appetizing show on the food network. Mostly because of Guy Fieri and whatever happened to his head
I swear, opening CD cases is one of the hardest and most annoying things to do.
Just saw a guy drinking out of a red cup while driving wtf #iwasthinkin that makes him a lowlife !
I did zumba while holding a baby!
Fiesta Friday San Diego here we go!
Ready to start writing these reviews, three in one week yes
says hi(;
A very BIG happy birthday for two of the best cousins around, and ! Love you guys.
It's amazing how productive this day is turning out! BIG #WIN ! :)
19 or older. You should, who knows when the next one is! Lol
he is my favorite character in the Fate series. Just don't spoil yourself and read the digital novels if you can!
did you win?
HAPPY FRIDAY!
even the Poutine is vegetarian
something good came out of last night. Congrats papa Ax! You know you still have us here in the Brewer Nation.
At the gym. How Fun!!!
Open houses all day.
I want you clothes and dresses you are just too cute!
lol where are you living now?
This is gonna be tough.
Fuck today... fuck the next couple minutes. Just fuck the rest of the day....
Im not shy! :) hello! hahaa
i dmed you 2 times in a row.. haha
is it true you and james are going to leakycon?
who ya got winning?
Because of my lack of sleep and my failure to study, tomorrow will be the worst Monday yet.
Sorry Conley, but i want the Clippers to win this series
The most critical question you need to ask in #leadership development efforts...What kind of leader do we need?
Happy 2 have U! MT : Check out annual Stutz Artists Open House tonight! Proud to have office surrounded by artists!...
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 4
What to watch: &#39;The Three Stooges&#39; movie trailer
Data reception at the festival is quite poor.
The worst thing a team can do is half-heartedly commit to a rebuilding project. It's yes or no, and the clock is ticking.
rocks the world wide web! Lookout ppl....he's coming!
She'll be sporting a nard'bush!
Our sites come standard with a number of content upgrades we've hand-picked specifically for the needs of a busy poker player.
YES. Just finished my finals like five minutes ago, so I don't have any major obligations for a couple months.
#THATCampOSU Emotion as subtly articulated critique of technology. Fascinating discussion in 165.
will do dear
LungeTime: TunaMelt, Oreos & coffee ~latte''r
God forgives, i don’t - Rick Ross
started full time job in the 'Nati but like I told you earlier this week, I will be in Columbus on Sat! Better see you!
wow, the new is fancy.
it's cool I'll stay in the 90s
Ok, what is this Klout thing all about? You trying to be the most popular girl in school???
so handsome that cut, everyone should have one
Come get pierced or tattooed at the Buddha since John C, Jerm and Gustavo have time to tattoo and Chris will pierce all day long!
£130 FOR THE GUILD WARS 2 COLLECTORS EDITION!? That's $204 when America gets it for $150. BULL. SHIT.
Best of luck! Hope it goes well. :)
Don't forget to watch for all the pretty jewelry tonight on the red carpet!
word for the day: work!
McWilliams|Ballard Sells and Settles 1221 North Quinn in Just Weeks
last day of p4kfest today w/ &
Weve got shows all month in February including some with , , , & ! Which will we see U at?
Goodnight twitter! :)
RT I like the feedback!! Thank u to all who spit truth. Keep buying what u like n keep posting ur comments!
Atlanta Vintage Books 15% off sale continues through the month of December. Open today (12/22) from 10 am - 7 pm.
There is simply no one like her, no matter how hard some of you try. You have become the strong confident princess I always knew you would.
AHH my baby is broken.
BAIR!! Lol. Maddy is there to keep him calm.
♬ Carol Krumhansl of Cornell University found that music played in a slow tempo using minor keys brought about conditions of sadness ♬
Kevin McHale: Please stop calling Brendan Haywood "Hayward", and you can't call him "Jet" Terry with a sneer EVERY time.
#5 "You like books too much, do you love books more than you love your kids?"
yo I need some sweet new raw denim jeans.... got any recommendations?
Yes, edmodo can be super for tracking student work. Just found out you can assign quizzes there now!
The Velociraptors win last night!
Worked all morning. Feet up now, trying to keep eyelids open :) That sounds delightful
Can't wait to hear all about the #shuttle excitement from and
oh ur Sophie
a newly discovered advantage to working for myself. ergonomic desk furniture and pens that work. disadvantage? I had to buy them.
peanut butter and crack? Lol
Us black people act like kool-aid don't have flavors. We just say the color of it and everyone know what we talking about.
No. 1 seed Spalding is scheduled to play No. 5 Southern Virginia in the national quarterfinals at 1:30pm today in Springfield, IL.
haha school??? High school or college?? And I'm at work I work graveyards :(
it's all good a new year is coming,, new things
Love! RT : "Today's heros are the entrepreneurs."
Patiently waiting.
find somebody that puts walnuts in their brownies and slap them... They had it coming
I'm great, you?
Retention is such a problem! What are you doing right now?
My limits can only be pushed to the extreme.. finals next week..
Like the only one going to schooltoday
Who do you want to win for Best Picture at the #Oscars this year?
Hi everyone i am in austin pants follow bck please xx
Would You Testify If You Seen A Murder
yea probably! lol =D im still planning i got alot of time tho
good luck to both of you!(:
Having to choose between #JustifiedFX and would be like choosing between a chalupa or another chalupa. Just can't decide.
Apparently, I am the only person staying in DC this weekend.
“: What rainy day music are you listening too?”
knit, knit, knitting...
like the shirt brother ,
What to have for dinner...KFC or to attempt to cook!
Albino zebras probably look the same as well, apart from the blue eyes.
is there any other body part of Austin that hasn't been taken up!?(:
U don't need that belly of yours to be showing in pics to get likes ur beautiful with it out or with it covered
thanks, but still 20 minutes till race time and I'm feeling pretty sleepy!
RT : RT : don't let me catch you slippin'
Menu said lamb tonight was "so tender it could be eaten by toothless aging nawabs." No idea who they are, but the lamb sure was good!
Good afternoon #packernation. God has blessed us with a slightly warmer day.
Seriously?? My first day off and I still wake up hella early
Hey u should follow for her birth rd ay tomorrow.... :))))
oh? childhood mates? well what happen that made it go downhill?
Today the real test of power is not capacity to make war but the capacity to prevent it.
hey, Sandi! You're pretty cool. Thnx for following our journeys to find big, bad fish with our fly rods. Oh, and GO RED WINGS!
"Jewish people always had chicken farms."
It's 21 days before a new behavior becomes a habit, right? OK - day 5 of running/walking is in the bag!
your mom is great I guess you didn't get that gene lol
dont like this new version of twitter
o did you come up with that? <nothing even matters>
I went to a happy hour today that NO ONE else showed up to. So sad, and now I'm paranoid! Having my own at home, I guess.
do you have any thoughts on the importance of Customer Retention ? Join us at Http://www.BMCTalkShow.com
#NBA #BOSATL RT : Huge cheers from #Celtics crowd as announces that Ray Allen will play tonight.
is 1-10 on my list of
hahaha :) we are glad to be following you!
"i want my purse back asshooooooles." - the hangover.
Holy FUCK it's beautiful outside 😄
I thought April showers brought May flowers, not more rain. What happened to spring??
Choose a Proven Mentor for your journey to the next level.
Damn -The Darjeeling VERY limited is over. Wow. That truly, truly... felt worse than reading the Stimulus, and without the Pork too. Yumless
take care of family, and make world a better place for animals.
What is the "extra dream" supposed to be?
Happy Veteran's Day!
sounds like fun! I'll have to see if I can fit in that weekend into my schedule!
About to hit the course with First time in a long time. Definitely out of my comfort zone. What is this thing they call #golf?
Damn, that's whack. How does one live life without bananas?
Wearing a dress and not in school and no school tomorrow too
that's mean.
I just finished a 2.28 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Lol u cool I guess I'll be nice=)
“: How gross: an email from 2tor offering me $$ as a paid affiliate for links/ads on my website” well played, madam
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Soccer tournament in columbus, <3
give the rapids fans hell!
Tonight Was A Really Cool Night '&& It's True Expect The Unexpected Really Aha I Cant Believe It!
Curious about folks' opinions both for and against teaching the Greek argument terms and structure in 101.
If you're a dork, check out for iPhone. It's been one of my favorite iPad apps forever.
you need to bring those boots down to the studio lol.
Thank you! It was making me crazy!!!!!
i am goin to a PARTY for the weekend! N3RD is the W0rd!!!
Today's Goal: Make a new friend, and find out where they grew up.
Instagram is on android follow me! mizdimplez2 :-)
ooh tsonger and florian. THAT should / could be interesting. IF Jo has custody of the brain and Florian plays fearlessly.
Digging through the archive and found some *original* treasures... pics soon... =0)
Happy New Year from the Brothers of Eta Lambda Chapter. Make 2012 Amazing!
My shorty balls!! It's kinda funny.
Thanks Aaron - how's the book tour going? Hope things are well out west! RT : Ah, to be a Fellow once more.
SO HOW IS UR FLASHING TOOTHBRUSH GOING?!!?? PPPLLZZ FOLLOW ME!!!
Ur sound is so unique:)
RT : ...Make sure it's about who you're going to be working with and how much you'll enjoy being there." -Tony Dungy
what's this I see you came to nashville & didn't tell me?!?!? haha I know we're not really close, but I'm saddened by this :-(
now all you need to do is photoshop Hemingway into Putin's pictures, and vice versa.
Yeah, same here! The Tea Garden has altered it's appearance a little. They added a light blue wall and a couple of giant menus
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
"Whip out your titties or scram."
The fabulous have a new album out today; I suggest purchasing it!
Breaking News. airlines borrowing my parent's station wagon to get & I to Hawaii. I call shotgun!
Working out.
Trail Mix hierarchy of ingredient awesomeness: M&Ms > Raisins > Cashews > Peanuts > Almonds. That is all.
wait! is our favorite asian baby at dinner??
After having a few drinks, I've come to the conclusion that I'm really gay!
awhh!! Who's that now austin!?(; who's the lucky girl??<3
so what your saying is that you have sex with bacon
Go and congrats to #mikeknuble on his 1000th NHL game!
Follow me back,Is Hot related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Uggh imm not gonna cry no more i just want you to know ill always love you!:/
Hugo? The Oscars are a Pyramid Scheme.
Pure Pop for Now People tonight 10 til close! Spinning bubblegum, power pop, glam & lots lots more!!
My ears were offended.
": woah there carpet muncher. . liked the red hair. Nice meeting you." Its was cool meeting you to cock sucker
o tell you that!
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
: no hate / all love
whats wrong with the vampires piano?! xD
Should be in your inbox! Let us know if you didn't receive it..
congrats on the new gig!
Playing Hottest Friends App!!!
Above all, the most convincing thing is "facts."
Headed to Passion city church :)
awesome music!!!
hope you are feeling better today lady!!!
Why is the man who invests all your money, called a broker?
Aw baby Al is so adorable!
if she keep this up, ima marry that ass. and im so serious. smh.
Nothing like sitting in Midtown traffic after work. :/
I'll be ashamed for you.
like under 5 seconds
Surprise phone calls from my boyfriend in the Mojave Desert make me VERY happy. :)
Thx for the RT Mr. Greatest. :-)
#Navy Yard its Ficelle day! Stay hungry my friends!
Idc if pixy dust comes out of mello's ass and he flies , knicks aren't gonna win this series !.
Long morning sessions with violin teacher are very stressful!
Kobe said Gallo "can't flop on a screen like that. We all know Pau is not the toughest guy"
I just asked David Cronenberg a question about weird sex
Happy Sunday everyone ! Hope you all had a great day :)
Young ....gifted ....not to mention out here makin motherfuckinnn millions
I've decided I have super kidneys!
chicken is good for the soul
You see, no matter how powerful all curses can be broken.
sorry I missed it! Life has been crazy! keep me informed about your next one
you should so have on your show. He is an amazing guy. And a GREAT singer!! God has great plans for him!
nice - I may have to fill my afternoon with SG now...
Paranoid Android and a couple of drinks
Cisco bound for filming
i told u. this nigga is fucking crazy, i cant wait to see this movie bro
it's warm down in Pioneer Square..
Oh, oh! Love that. Now have a sense of just where you are! Used to live in Kensington! Yay, Kenny~~
Couldn't figure out why my computer was acting so crazy, then discovered kitty was lying on the mouse
thank you for the #FF shout out! Have a great weekend!
DAMN BIG RED
My fish is sad and alone he needs a friend....
It's official, Zayn and I are dating! If you want proof read 's fanfic(:
There are two different seasons in Wisconsin. Both official WIAA too. Some schools play spring, some summer.
who started complaining? And Idk Ted Thompson said he talked to manning and straightened all out, just have to see now
it is raining out here in LA.
Sometimes I can be too nice. Except to then I'm a jerk.
When a 7ft tall guy gets knocked backwards on a drive that's usually a sign that there's been a charge.
In the middle of my little mess I forgot how much I'm blessed! PERFECT Easter service with my crazy little family ;)
My brother is the smartest bestest person I know. Much Love D.B. I luv u 2 Kish
That's a great answer!
how do you like them?? ....and whats your #GamerTag ?
MT Report shows women are ~50% of the workforce, they hold less than 25% of #STEM jobs. See for more stats.
Well,,, pretty proud of myself ! Made it though the jack in the box drive without passing out !!
eggs, dairy, and nuts for us
10 fest tix on air now call....222-KISS
Reading study abroad apps... favorite essay turn-of-phrase: "I want to be submerged in the culture"
thanks so much for putting us on your #FF list!
Settling in to watch a debate starring and !
Cheer to the freakin weekend. 🍻
Thank you for offering yourself as a candidate.
RT : "More is never enough.... Learn how to be content." - Damon Dunn
Stay true to your Rochester roots ... more Dundee beers in the Wine & Spirits store, please!
Obviously, done on a smaller scale, with fewer books. But if it works for Indie Record Store Day, why not for books?
filing a complaint about anything automatically makes me feel screechy and about 50 years old.
fosho long time no c
It's more of a Canadian thing anyway
Hey! How do u like this Twitter stuff?
Life moves way too slow.
Tyler Perry Presents: 'Madea Blows Ray J' RT : Big news!! I'm co-starring in Tyler Perry's new movie!
"There is no telling how many miles you will have to run in chasing a dream" ~Author Unknown : Make today a GREAT one!!
At the evolution jam !
NBA refs are the worst among professional sports I think
Reverend Tim Duncan RT #YallAreNotDating if shes in every guys inbox tryin to explain how complicated ur situation is
#RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for #1vsMany ??!! Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
One of these days I'll be confident and have the courage to ask you to be mine again
Will everyone who was sure #Bush would fake it question whether the #Obama administration REALLY have #Osama's corpse?
What's up my boy just starting to get into this twitter shit boss!
i saw my favorite person
If you turned off your computer and phone for two days at work, what would be the most valuable tasks you could still do?
bitch stop it hoeeee
B.I., everybody.
Boarding another plane at BWI. Feels like I was just here!
RT : You have one month left to apply for the 25th annual Eddie Adams Workshop. That's one month procrastinators!...
I find myself searching for drama filled guilds for the entertainment of other peoples problems
marry me that was one of the best shows of american idol i have ever seen
New avi what y'all think
Put your boss on! RT : "I worked on race cars! For eighteen years!"
RT : Hey this videos for u!!! Lol!!! Double Sleepover rap!!! twitvid.com/ZWOD5
Fun practice =)
Have a small Holiday Decorating business, we specialize in Designing, Installing, take down and storage of customers lights
LOTS? You mean the one down by the river? The 2 story warehouse one? Not sure I remember. Ill call you tonight.
I'm there!!
y'all just lost by 30 a few days ago
My sister and I always dance in the rain #FunTimes (:
Kick it!
. - Bob Brenly your Bobcats looked good tonight with that upset over Michigan!
Did my iPhone seriously just over-load and die?
