we would love ya'll back! accept the 10%! Give us another shot! & a round of beers for the table
Looking forward to a little quality staff time and my latest stop on the bottle shop tour tonight
So bummed that & I missed this! Ongoing or just TNT? Chef Kim is doing a wicked bananas foster crepe w/maple ice cream
Kenny wants a walk so a walk on the beach it is. Who's coming? We'll shower altogether after.
Why do fat bitches get belly rings ?
looks good to me
Just learned that Bill Paxton, is the only actor to have been killed by a predator, a terminator, and an alien.
It's raining hard and there's thunder o.o I'm scared
One health care detail in Ryan budget legislative text not in PDF: If Congress finds deficit neutral way to undo SGR, Ryan can adjust
Rock Band iOS shutting down - Report: Portable version of Harmonix music game for Apple devices reportedly going ...
Chilling with a baby duck & my pup. Call me Mrs.Doolittle. 🐤🐶👍☺
ur welcome! so far i have Volar, All i wish for & De nuevo! ...if i had tu y mil mares id be complete ^_^ can wait for MORE!
I am now the proud owner of a new car. Don't want to have to go through that experience again anytime soon.
i miss my cousin already
cuz it's too cold up here!
Thanks for the great year! Good luck with your recruiting this offseason! Steve from Chicago.
Some freshies dropping ...
Working on a new song! Hope to get some drums and vocals done soon..
Japan's Okinawa Island has more than 450 people living above the age of 100
hello I like the look of ur site having all the links in one place
This is so true!!!
Find fashion you can't find anywhere else: www.store.ustrendy.com
hey hey hey don't delete please even tho u barely tweet me don't delete your awesome :) <3
Father God, Thank You for setting me free and aligning me to walk in victory in every area of my life in Jesus’ name. Amen!
you say it's your birthday? well it's my birthday too yeah! well, not mine exactly, but delectable turns one today! yippee skippy!!
Be mine, anyone.
Met 800 followers finally! Thanks guys! :)
It's never too early for dubstep.
I only have one because of the awesome CardMunch app. Have you tried it?
When you're a part of #TEAMSTAYINGIN on New Year's Eve...you get to enjoy New Year's Day without any bullet holes in you...lmao
yes! Need to be fully charged. Will hit you up next week.
#FF , but only if you're interested in how to show up in your life as the BEST version of YOU!
YoU DoNt kNoW iS BeAuTiFuL :)))
you both are terrible influences
Pack your bags, we strut tonight.
no. Rule changes will be minimal, otherwise game will be ruined. Main thing is the awareness re: long-term effects of head trauma
Remember the 90s when hiphop shows were a sloppy mess? The Hit Squad reunion show does.
RT if you think every single one of your angels is beautiful <3 #beautifulyou <3
ou might have ruined my past, screwed up my present. But there's no way you're going to touch my future.
Grinding Day 1b of the #WSOP Circuit ME. So weird when a tourney starts at 7pm.
Please follow me (: its 1 am Following=best Christmas present ever! Oh & merry Christmas <3 iloveyou
Hey friends: we know you're going to be out havin' fun tonight & we will too! Please: don't drink & drive! Stay safe! Call !
Yesterday I wrote to within about 6 sentences of finishing this chapter.
Death from a Bear 1979
I love my mommy(:
DC Metro's daily statement is clear: ill-prepared to handle number of commuters.
waking up still high> lololol
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
I'm home safe and sound. Thank you ;)
today was a preetty successful day 😄🎶😁👽💩😜
so how long did the egypt pres debate last?
Hit me up for VIP @ ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown for All Star Saturdays or Industry Monday Event w/ OMG Girlz & Tito Lopez(Capital) &Party After
Don't know each other, but would love an e-mail intro!
you're so lucky I'm stuck in Cali
my throat hurts so bad, this mountain dew will be gone in no time :\
“ I didn't say it was gonna be easy, I said it's gonna be worth it.”
I did half a pull-up today. I would say it was a productive afternoon.
Working out for a bit
I WONT WAIT MUCH LONGER
Lol AW Been Right Here for a long time.. :)
Let me know if we need to talk to discuss things further bro...
are you going to be in Columbia this weekend?!?!
Erik Feig '92CC has been named president of production at Lionsgate Motion Picture Group.
RT Goodmorning Philly, such a beautiful day today! Couldn't agree more!
The first Sat in May = Derby Day! Shouts to my peeps back in my Old Kentucky Home!
been loving your narration on my daily commute. You make the LA traffic bearable!
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them. ~ Dalai Lama
Surprise smash hit of the night: 2007 Syrah "Bien Nacido." And with good reason, I might add.
nah imtryna look up info about them
Ball so hard!
Winning is about heart, not justice legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
umm no your not....
one month and some days until school is over. Summer is almost here, Thank GOD!!!
Actually, did pitch an inning today.
Kindle edition should be out in a few days (I hope).
HOLY SHIT you're on Twitter! =)
We started #AmericasMovieNight with #AmericasMovieMorning & #ReservoirDogs...Now are we ahead of the curve or what?
"Man I Love my job" Nights Just ending. Getting back to my Hotel in Houston. G'night. See you in the morning Galleria!
I got my belly button pierced(:
If Any of Our Tweets R Ambiguous, MA Apologizes In Advance, Just Ask and We Will Clarify. Tnx You.
Doing some spring cleaning today around the brewery.
Kid: " I'm thirsty ". Parent: " drink your spit". That's what
"yeah your partner got away, but now he vegetable-like. So I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8"
my mom was talking about peyton manning & she said shes never heard of a boy named peyton & i go mom! peyton sanders! lol
This account is pretty much dead.
month 14 of captivity...
Snowflakes are falling down here as fast as dictators in the Middle East ... and the storm is around the corner.
yeah I don't think either of us will change our minds... And now we have to get it done without rose. Go Bulls
I know. We have to this week or next though:( I love you.
what do I have to do to win!
It smells like #worms outside tonight. Filling the home with #bassclarinet #music should be a far improvement
omg I just unf niall why does he do this
If i was given the option to chose a sword or sandwich to fight a monster i would chose sandwich!
To be honest, both acts are reprehensible.
RT : If YOU purchased Reebok Easy Tone shoes you may be entitled to a CASH payment from a class action settlement...
power bars ? granola bars ? gatorade?
Good morning key west! I smell waffles!
the plot thickens.
omg die!!!hahaha
let's be #foreveralone together! problem solved :P
It has been a while... You can still download our EP for free www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com download the entire EP you get a bonus track!
College baseball is amazing b/c the kids are all on partial or no scholies..
I love that my parents now know that a text not a phone call is a better way of getting a hold of me.
RT : Lockdown has been lifted at Mary Ann Binford.
no problem
OH HECK YES!! LOL!! RT : There is always one person you just want to punch in the face...repeatedly.
Social media policy could set parameters regarding scheduled updates, staff-initiated posts, etc. It's gray area for now.
First show for The Pinch on Friday at 9 pm or so at The Triple Rock. I'm ready.
Remember that in 1912 there weren't airliners for crossing the Atlantic, so having transport for thousands was useful.
Thursday @ 11:30 we're offering a special #LunchNLearn on “Back-Up Tape Liability Management”. Presented by RSVP now!
Spend a lot of time talking to buyers in person. You'd be amazed how many companies do not listen to their customers.
I think the complete opposite.
90% of learning happens around questions.
Everyone's Are you kidding me, who's idea was it to make MILFs trend D;
If you'd like your music to be featured on Fame Factor Radio email .uk
Yo you still comin through right? Call me?
The problem with eating breakfast at 5:30 is being hungry again by 6:30.
Still 77 here and back to 78 tomorrow!
I guess that depends on what kind of stuff goes on in this freaky factory.
Stay safe
Braveheart. National Security. The Rock. Apparently girls aren't supposed to watch tv after 2am. Not even a bad romcom in sight.
Had a great time at Court End Christmas at Monumental Church. Thanks for all you do!
Will do! Something will be sent shortly. Thank you for the prompt reply!
Getting a well-defined "until" can itself be a big step forward in (eventually) achieving OA.
follow back
It was the first of many times I will watch over next 2 weeks! RT : 1:22 left in SB 42 on What a crazy 4th quarter
PSU Department of Theater Arts continues Hamlet tonight at 7:30. Tickets starts at $8.00, and show runs through Sunday and next Wed. - Sun.
Will do Dee Dee!
Deaf, dumb and blind. "Pride"
I'd rather discuss feasible options to improve the team now. One idea: Kottaras to the Nats for Danny Espinosa (to play SS)
Just got a call about refing tonight..... That's not happening
It's tough finding a lib job out there?
mind must stay flexible like body older u r more u need to stretch= resist gravity's desire to compact vertebrae: mentally AND physically!
GET ME SOME FOLLWERS !
Can I Get More Followers Please.???
RT : Smh, Sean Williams is wearing white socks w/ his dress shoes
Yes pls, a twitter give-away !
Have you read The Hunger Games Series?
My only refuge from academia is RuPaul's Drag Race.
Hey do you have requirements for blog entries?
i love you mom! <3
Hate to say it but, #theMayansAreRight. Zito's performance today is a sign of the apocalypse.
Did I mention that I want the #Coyotes to get swept out of the playoffs? A team who might not be in town next yr should not play for the Cup
Playing T. Monk in the Gaylord lobby. Nice.
Yes, true. This will need lots of planning. Just a temp check.
First the cookies, and now THIS?!!
His homies? Yea hoe smashed them all.
thanks love!! :)
are we going to do the spirit week or not? ;D
yes. I got back yesterday. I'll be at football on Thursday
#Dodgers win when the whole team contributes. Good not to rely on Kemp & Ethier too much. Still love those homers from Kemp tho.
Ugh we are 3 hours in...maybe I will be home by morning...maybe
Uh that's weird.
That's the only way to top pancakes <3
dm We are about to go public with plans to roll out the most engaging, hands-on simulated learning to eliminate textbook budgets.
Nice of them to keep it anonymous, instead of maybe getting him to listen. They obviously know he won't listen to you.
go kill the dogs that live across the street from me
Wade and Lebron will have to go Pippen/Jordan mode the rest of the playoffs.... good luck with that.
Oh mah gewdness did u hear bout the new DogTV channel?Nothing but serene images to relax dogs left at home,for a fee of course
What Up Shad this is Mark, Moe friend from Buff State. Do you know what's up with Moe? See ya in April in ATL.
It's #HappyHour ! Join us in for $2 Domestic Beers $4 Well, Wine, Cosmos & $6 Spinach Dip, Bruschetta & Wings!
stepping out of my comfort zone
EAST BOUND I-4 IS CLOSED APPROACHING THE ST JOHNS RIVER BRIDGE - Baldinger
DC United vs. CD Marathon, Nationals vs. Rockies, and Orioles vs. Rays tonight!!
OMG GUYS, she got suspended <3 Thanks for all the support!
Hey , Nice Jacket!
Coffee with Karen Rosen at the Pan Am MPC.
haha :) anytime hun! It's not so often you visit us here at ! Glad we could make it happen!
Good Luck to Frank tomorrow!!! we love you here at the shakedown!
Happy Mothers Day Shoutout To All The Beautiful Mothers Out There. Much Love & Respect. Today's Your Day! From
depends: is there a round in the chamber?
I live right next to it! It's a pretty awesome place to go!
“: This foo really downloaded my pic from fb and has it as his wallpaper AND screensaver 😒” damn
Don't feel good :(
I can't decide if covering the House Energy and Commerce hearings will get more or less exciting now.
i think i would be perfectlu happyh right now if i could just have soem food :p
Does your kid need a boost in confidence...YAT WORKS...www.yatkids.org...check it out..
RentJuice Unveils New Mobile App, Enables Brokers and Agents to Grab Rental Leads While On-the-Go
so rt - architects being master leader. nice meeting you today @ emerging professionals #aia2012chat - break 200 tomorrow ;)
You know what I want? A pet #Liger ! Or a #Narwhal ....
fuck I just freaked out cause you guys are in Colorado. Can't wait to meet you and Friday in Denver
ok :(( I love you boo!!<3 Good Night!! xoxoxoxo I will tweet u tomorrow
we'll buy a twelve pack one day & drink it up!(:
Le Street Bloc - An anthropologic approach to street style
I have a nice ass.
Noted. Thank you!
Worst possession this game, ended by Spencer Hawes going coast to coast for a layup. Gaaah...
Patio sippin' happy hourin' social minglin' in just about an hour!! See you
I hate pudding that my grandmother makes
my dog has the most annoying bark ever
Running around like a chicken with it's head cut off... Will be heading to Detroit for Convention soon...
preparing the 1st National Smart Grid initiative...soon kick off together with the brand new Intelen cloud Energy Analytics 3.0
thanks honey bun u know I'm late
Can we bring the whole world HOPE using our ability to create ART... we shall see.. stay tuned.
San antonio is amazing,the audiance are incredible.i love singing for god
I thank for defending my right to be an obnoxious Phillies fan in Washington. Amen.
just because I have a boyfriend doesn't mean I only hang out with him..thanks you guys.
Thanks August! Hope you can make it!
PLEASE Padres! DUMP Owings. He is totally worthless even in a mop up role. Let one of the promising kids gain experience filling that role
I claim built to spills effort at redoing their music in 80's style is lame at best.
appreciate the follow fam, I'm a tune n and check you out, mind if I send u a few tracks 2 checkout, interested in ww12 u mentioned
RTT: Mile High Prodigy Promotions! #MusicPromotion #ArtistPromotion #Promoter #Online #StreetTeam #NEW TO
I think it's very hard for us now to appreciate just how revolutionary the play was when it was new. :-)
When I turned two I was really anxious, because I’d doubled my age in a year
Predictable that growers and dispensary operators wouldn't get behind full legalization, but NORML doing so is cynical and short-sighted.
whoa I didn't know you called....that.... Baseball
Completely awesome Google doodle today!
Well Hello Handsome :). I'm not a new follower but I'll say hello anyways.
Pumpkin lattes & 5 Cheese Scrambles... Oh my!!
Without struggle there is no progress..
Brb, going to sell my organs for concert tickets.
So today in school we got taught all the facts about STD's
Lions Tap lives up to expectations!
Ugh! I always forget to turn in the redbox by 9!!!!
Something soothing about doing attendance this morning. I HATE doing attendance, but for some reason the mindless plugging in data is nice..
Oh I know. But still, I LOVE the spelling bee finals. It's like my Superbowl.
Hi Sis! I hope all is well
I Know u wanna taste my strawberry ice cream( Licking my lips);)
Leaving for Cali tomorrow night for a bjj/Kenpo tourny wish me luck!
Haunted houses are popping up all over the valley. Best pick this year? Chaos at the Cannery's 2 complete haunts! ow.ly/1r6phx
Hiring for talented experienced
is right why are we wasting $$$ on attorney fees when they aren't needed for most cases?!?!?!
Did a twenty-five mile ride today. Would have been 40 except my lips started to sunburn.
Miami!!! Ready for me?!
#TeamFollowBack follow me I'll follow back
I tend to lol at your face alot.
Damn lagging on my TWEET GAME, you can want the whole world for somebody, but if they dont want it, what you want doesn't mean shit
his shorts were nearly ripped off, so yeah, fouled for sure.
I cannot believe Maria Menounos was eliminated on #DWTS last night.
Great shot. Any chance I could use the image for SFist? Crediting and linking to you of course.
1 AP exam down, 3 to go!!!
Or 'Celebrity Apprentice'.
the bounty hunters on lol
Freshman year... Perfect
Eclectic Fascination-Purple silk, vintage sari trim, sequins-think Carnaby St circa 1967-also "Twilight" "Women in Love" & "Moulin Rouge"
I think i got the lead for the play :D
The program saying I unfollowed you.
Follow our Pittsburgh news at
I'm already spending mad dollarz on plane tix and 10 hrs flying and you want me to drive 6 more hrs + gas $?! DRIVE TO VT, LAZY!
Happy St Patricks Day!! We have a FREE lucky duck for everyone who comes in to see us today!
if you figure it out please let me know
Light Bulb Head bRO hit da Light switch hahah Lol
Hope it's not to late for me
I stay in the clouds birds flyingv by and shit. Wow..never knew their wings were so colorful.
I know I stay up too late, but why can't the rest of the world operate on a vampire-friendly schedule?
they should move there and be real niggas for once..they only were in ACC cuz its soft usually
4-eva and eva!
How did I get here?
dont know off the top of my head right now i was so focused on this yr lol.
Owww! That sounds like an extremely painful day.
hey beautiful same to u if u one
you're my light in the darkness, my shadow that follow me my fallen angel<3
Kant stand dick ridin ass niggas...Like damn who gives a fuck who u kno or who u kool wit....Nigga who r u??? what have u done???
*hugs both* Thanks! Boarding :)
Hahaha! Holy fuck. Did you ask her if they're doing anal for date #2?
I know for a fact people back in the 18th century were not all groomed like they are in movies..smelling like shit n all
i wanna dance, and love, and dance; again<3
To the victory go the spoils RT : To celebrate the UK win is giving away 5oz free froyo to everyone all day long!
oh yea and #HAPPYBEEDAY #LUTHERVANDROSS #RIP !!
I've had so much touchdown candy this year my face looks like Edward James Olmos.
Toronto doesn't count because that's Canada. All they have is shitty #CFL and #NHL teams there in Toronto.
not that much, we try but i don't have a car and same with her
Better than $200MM+ over 9 years.
Giving something to read...
Lets do a Prono, for more check the news section on our web site. -- Baldinger
watching Ellen give away fun prizes to her audience of her birthday show that i didn't win tickets to! waaaaah
looks like a fun crowd at #mktCLT!
needs some money saving ideas for his company.
Thanks for attending the screening and panel discussion last night, Rob.
eh not that much! more of a sayin than a reality - did you see it?
Q. Why is air a lot like sex? A. Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Eyes that are deep, hair that is eternal, and the body of a statue. Who are you?
(Just wanted to say thanks for the RT. Have a good day.) Your so welcome! Cheers to urs as well! Thanks 4 sharing! Fab idea!!
Every body should listen to sing! His voice is amazing; even my mom thinks so
you're amazing! Now that you have your new show, bring Taboo back too! :P
& from are doing their #BadgerHour broadcast here live from 6-7pm tonight!
RT : The size of the reward is directly related to the size of our Faith.
I've been trying to decide how to commemorate this nationwide tour I'm about to take. I'm thinking state flowers. Or birds.
Dion - Abraham, Martin And John - 12:26 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
That's awesome!
Did you attend #MWC12 this year? What were some of the key takeaways from the conference?
Just hangin. Will you be stopping by later?
New Orson Scott Card trilogy starting with PATHFINDER has a lot of buzz - 250K print run for YA SciFi
McClurken is good people! Personally I <3 his beard. also his face when someone is trying to BS him is dope
Working on the website with our amazing web-designer, Jen
Ugh I have to go back to Texas to day. And before that happens, I have to pack. No
Hurray for the #Rain and cooler
tyler what's your favorittee adele song???????
Perfect! Thanks so much for the quick fix.
Re Sunny, was having some issues accessing the program that were my fault. I think Sunny Test is great app for the money.
Happy Mothers Day from all of us at Recreations Outlet!
read a nice research study recently about how homophobes actually are scientifically more likely to have repressed attraction
April 1st #CruzTVLive we will B recording our 3rd show if u wanna party it up w/us 1st 3 people 2 hit me up ill send u da Address
OMFG This weeks show is gonna be awesome! Too bad we're only tweeting to 8 of you. Tom's pet chinchilla has more followers than that.
RT "The chief danger in life is that you: may take too many precautions." - Alfred Adler
I was 21 years when I wrote this song -> I'm just 22 and I don't mind dying -> nobody likes you when you're 23
It is Georgia though, we tend to be shirtless the majority of the summer!
I love the FDNY
Tonight's #MegaMillions Jackpot has increased to $640 Million
I knew leaving my room's fan on all day would make for A+ sleep; I didn't know it'd also save a pile of Hot Tamales in my bed from melting.
WSJ book reviews keep me from reading all the tripe I'm drawn to (see tweet below).
Trying to figure out Instagram... I keep accidentally posting!
RT : If you have #Autism or a child with #Autism but not in your Twtiter bio let me know so I can put you in my proper lists :)
LOL Luckily I only ordered one :) I want to do my part to support Adam but I also want to pay my rent.
trekking through the jungle that is ikea
lol oh well :P carry on with your pointless mumbo then xD how have you been?
Every once and a while you meet someone who really sucks.
Today in Blues History: Clarence Fountain, lead singer for the Blind Boys of Alabama, was born November 28, 1929, in Tyler, Alabama.
Kohl: Sacramento not necessarily same case. League is cooperating with us. Happy to see us make effort, wanting to see us get it done
Thanks. Is there any discussion of extending/renewing for 2012?
We will send this out in our enewsletter to let people across Iowa know. about "Santa's Elf." Kris Steinmetz Autism Society of Iowa
your life is calling......so now what???
I need to learn to determine what is real stress and what is me just not breathing.
Something I love about traveling to the West Coast: getting an early jump on the day thanks to jet lag.
The only thing keeping me sane right now is Disney music & coffee. You should see me without it!
Forgot how much I hate ironing until I just ironed my clothes for work tomorrow...maybe ill hire someone just to iron them for me ;) lol
Yes girl!
My ford focus gets louder than my dads ford f150 Lariat... We need to switch cars back...
No snow yet in DC. I wish, when I was younger, my school closed w/just the threat of snow. I'm keeping my eyes on the sky. Stay away snow.
People call is Valentines Day, I call it Tuesday
so jealous!! Enjoy
Thanks a lot man, I appreciate it!
I think ur soo Amazingly Beautiful that if doesn't take u soon I'm gonna cancel my subscription!
Thank you for your excellent information! Great tweets!
bruh you know that's my job lol
How'd you do it?
Check out for an important message. Might be new but lots of potential I think!
yes we are based in NYC contact for more info.
already read that :)
+!|~|+ VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Feisty and explosive--should probably back away from Twitter...slowly. Ciao!
Hey fitness friends, any recommendations for #San Diego #bootcamps? Need to get my bride-to-be booty in to shape!
During The Notebook a rare appearance from some tears from me showed up. Allie and Noah. A love that lasts through everything <3
Deciding whether or not if I should re-pierce my nose..
well hiya big mike! Welcome!
Focusing on your breath not only improves your efficiency, it keeps you in the moment, dramatically improving your performance.
have any of the digcomics or e-reading tools you use implemented a way to "flip through" a book? Let's invent something.
Happy Mother's Day! It's really time to honor your mom, dedicating this day completely to her!
The Blazers have to overpay somebody I guess. Rather him than JR Smith...is he a free agent next year?
Big morning for hybrid sedans: Ford Fusion (including plug-in version), BMW 3 Active Hybrid.
what did I say. You betts check yourself FOOL haha jk
hm and the other
now I get it. I'm a bit slow today.
I felt completely relaxed until an hour ago. Then out of nowhere, PANIC. I am hoping I will recover my senses by 5.
Thanks! I'm very glad they have Belgian beer there - its a rare kind of beer I actually like.
i'm at the point now where i've realized that not everyone deserves to be a part of my life...and i'm completely fine with that.
All I'm saying is that WI got what it wanted now it's paying the price. Just like Bush in '04. People only complain when too late.
Ahww thank you
hey thanks. No fights for me. Stop by my studio anytime
#TEAMALMIGHTY He great !!!!!!!
club level, where you at?
in early years did children's books and YA books, then wanted to write what she likes to read: mysteries.
If you want to produce the track and mastered the song to sound legit.. I'll send you the vocals seperate! MUCH LOVE!
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at Curbside Cuisine, Talin Market for a Food Truck Extravanganza. Multiple Trucks Expected.
Movie recommendation is Stanely Tucci in "The Lovely Bones"
#Nairhairremovel #takes so much #time PrincessCiera
I'm the boss Michael Scott y'all bitches is just Phyllis.
Random thought… have you thought about Brewer's Hill at all? Might be right up your alley.
Thank you for listening to Kiss!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. A slight chance of showers early this evening. Then showers after midnight. Lows in the...
i have a good feeling yall will. Lol he was just zoned out.
If rose wasn't rusty da bulls would be killen da heat
is going to have nightmares about the Panda Dance.
Setting up a screening for Billy's Cult, any suggestions of places to host it? We want somewhere local and able to seat 100-200 people
Love hearing that! Come again soon =)
If you look up the word exhausted in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of me.
Shout out to my cool god sister for real.
Web gems.
American idol !!!! <3
#transmediaholluwood3 makes me so excited!!! The panel begins!
Apple Co-Founder Steve Jobs Dead at 56
i've played cricket 3 times and already said he wants me on his team more than you,
Well alright. . .
calls Obama's Nobel speech "lean muscular"- he recognized that in human affairs there can be a moral imperative for the use of force.
most amateur bands think they're preparing for the NBA, but they're really just playing Horse in their backyard
Confirmed: I'll be going to LinuxCon Portland in September.
Shit terd crap I'm stupid.
Interesting there's no mention of (non) guaranteed inventory or available scale.
Whatz good everybody
I know, right! You would know, you have how many cats again?
Are you hanging out tomorrow for 's birth
We've been added to a new list of Best Zombie Web Series t.co/S80i8eJ Vote for us and we'll vote for u! When u need voting.
When did the phrase "I Love You" mean "Lets Have Sex"
As in an esophogram. Got it. We once had a pt with po spillage from from his stoma.
Thanks Matt.
drunk ass nigga
Did you not watch LSU vs Alabama?
We LOVE music! It can ease sorrow, trigger happiness and even fuel up fighting spirit! Have a listen !
All my Love goes to those who lost someone in 9/11 it was hard for me to get over it cant even imagine for those who lost love ones.
JLo Made Us Dance Again :)
“: I love iphonic!!!” and I love hearing that! Lol
they really are, just refreshing to see someone tell like it is, not blow sunshine... ;)
m I just made chocolate chip pancakes! haha pretty random considering it's now 11pm. Oh well :)
because I always with you. Duh
this link didn't work. It says bad link.
I hope i just imagined part of the railroad track being on fire......
The Whinnies coming to Pepperdine University next month! Four films, three dates. Details to come within the week. Neigh!
Sad to hear about Phil Jasner.... He was a class act!!
Morning all! Tomorrow is FRIDAY!!! What r ur weekend plans? Anything exciting?
PLEAS FOLLOW THE CEO OF
So, my friends MDR, I'll see you one last time for MetCon3, this Friday at noon. And then, 'til we meet again :)
He played me a song by Ed Sheeran it was so cute :3
Minging day to forgot my ipod. Sat in a cold garage on my tod :(
Boys I'm horny and need to chat!!!
#fridayreads Loving Positively Fifth Street. Will finish this wknd. Next Moneyball.(Never read it).
thanks for a fun #smbmsp podcast. Happy Valentine's Day!!
will you marry me? I love you!!!! :D
I guess my invitation to Drake's Re-Bar Mitzvah got lost in the mail. Still: Mazel!
Using social media to promote mixed-use retail properties is our specialty. What is your specialty?
OMFG #DollyParton in this season of #Bachelorette = dream come true
I get Lonely too .
Smart to do sometimes. All this "convenience" makes one never leave work.
Needed: 1 #Brooklyn #Accent . Will trade voice boxes through June 20.
it was. but we all were very good at keeping the secret. he was so stoked after the punk'd. it was great!
So cool to hear, and you're welcome! MT Thank you for #AgencyBlueprint series. Excited to be part of marketing transformation.
u have a weird smile xD
What a fantastic gift. Happy birthday! May the coming year bring more joy than you know what to do with.
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV !
Time for a Taco Time break-the chicken soft taco fills me up w/o slowing me down.
what's up
We need a coalition of DH scholars to develop system for public presentation of copyrighted "big data" collections
Finally downloaded Thank You Economy, 10 minutes in and you are right. Your Q&A led to a sale. Good work my friend!
The Coheed & Cambria cover and the fun. w/ Hayley Williams cover of "Somebody That I Used To Know are great. But I think we're done now...
I don't judge. That man shoves pheromones through the tv screen. I'm totally ashamed too.
Im home sick againn! Ughh, I feel horrible.. Haven't been on here in a while.. Anyone wanna help me feel better?:)
Need someone to text... Any takers?
goodmornin team mindless
Yes! RT : Ready to start using Zotero with Chrome and Safari? Percolations are imminent for standalone Zotero alpha. Very imminent.
#mygrandmaiscool cuz she's now at room temperature.
Just published my new Timeline business page...still getting the hang of it!!
“: you're welcome” --- hows ya day so far?
I am wishing for a major twist to happen tonight it would put be awesome Lets keep hoping tweets
I have the same name problem as you. If it were me, I might try to use my name plus a modifier of some kind...(1/2)
If cab drivers were interested in conformity, they would be bus drivers.
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack. George S. Patton
What's next for Amy Senser? How much time is she looking at? Where will she serve it, if at all? Our legal experts weigh in on KSTP at10.
Oops!...I did it again...
Would it be totally illegal to use a picture of on a credit card? Cause I really want to
they are.but he's written some of hte most life affirming, take no prisoners, get out their and conquer the world songs ever
Getting ready to take on the Cutler this weekend. I wouldn't be ready without ...it all comes back to the best support system
these are used and were cheap! Now outrageously overpriced. :/
wtf u got a hang over @ yo job shame shame April
lol TNT just referred to Dirk as 'Mariano Rivera'
Mother's Day is always difficult for me cuz my mom died on Mother's Day :(
YOU freaking rule! How was your thanksgiving?
Aight Joe! I see you on here. Thanks for hooking up my pops with the fly hair cut!
Nah, I did it the 2 days before the party. But I had a really great time doing it! (I did have a lot of coaching from ppl w/kids)
Earn free food + help DC food trucks. Volunteer at #curbsidecookoff May 5 RFK Stadium! Email .
Yes, indeed. That's why I'm not a fan of Wendy's Frosties.
not going to prom now !
Ah so excited!!!!
Can't upload my logo for the Teacher Mastery/Feedback Competition due today. Any suggestions?
#NowPlaying #NP #lovesong by #Adele and thinking about the great times we had...
If u aint in the studio, u slippin on your PaperGame!
and ur wearing green & red pants.. Xmas ;D
O... That would be a fab match-up.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Cool! USA and 15
Thank you for showing me the truth.
In a state of gratitude...
beautiful weather in indy today --- hope everyone is making the most of it!
my thoughts exactly
#RomaticHorseNames Silver Charm, Sidney's Candy
Not to hyjak.. but I'm having a delicious Mojo Monkey donut right now, too. M Mocha.
Thank you to our new followers, we appreciate your support!
you still aint say what it was im lost lol sorry
What else would a bad ass cop drive?
counting down the days till I can delete these people on facebook...
Do you live in Logan Square?! Me too. I did not know we are neighbors!
dat monkey can't sing slave FACE IT
Thanks for the retweet! I 'preciate ya.
our publics--the idea that we can have many audiences?
the smell is from the end of the street they burnin garbage
Looking forward to #fallingskies . Hopefully Spielberg has another hit!
16 & pregnant is NOT. RIGHT.
Yea. This entire family has been
It is not a good idea to have a funny show on the tv in d gym when your working out. Lol
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
My friend is having a party at 10. I don't know what to wear though.
Having the problem of trying to translate a great idea onto the page. Not as easy as it appears.
Watching a marathon of re-runs of Ice Loves CoCo
belated whoopee 2 on easy transfer! :)
I could give 2 shits if those brownies are burnt, gimme one now... right meow!!! My roomies love to bake! Another perk of being a
24 hours left... "The World of Missing Persons:" a short film with sadness, humor, and peeping toms! Drop us $5! Help us out! kck.st/l07pb2
The later I stay up, the more I keep telling myself how much tomorrow is going to suck.
looks good! have you been? Hey, what are you doing Apr 21? or 20 for that matter?
3:00 (AT) at the top of the world
We're most proud of even with economic downturn, we stood the course. On the "bottom 10" we have trained execs who give opportunity to them
Ok watching #horriblebossess or #throwmamafromthetrainthe next generation not bad
apples go good with Nutella! :)
., how do I delete files so they will stop coming back? I tried closing desktop app, deleting online, and permanently deleting
I would like this news site even more if they had an equation a day. Still chart is much better than word a day LOL
RT : RT : If you don't want to use #birthcontrol, you don't have to - but all women should still have access to it.
SHE CRAZY NOT DENZEL! !!!
My Pain My Purpose My Destiny Begins Thursday Night. LADIES we are going to talk REAL & no excuses but solutions
that text you get from your boyfriend threatening to break up with u..... #bouttocry #depressedtweet 💔💔💔💔💔💔😢😭😳😞
Playing tonight! Hope you guys are ready..its going to be a good one
My problem with Jaws is, unlike the Jungle Cruise, it's the same exact spiel over and over. Nostalgia isn't enough to be a saving grace 2 me
Oh come on Tony I thought you were a pro when it came to extracting information!
I need coffee! I'm at work so early this morning, I even logged in to skype before
good luck !
Super excited to geek out at #ConvergeSE today!
Up early -.- FML
lol! See, I was about too tell you! Nvm now... Lol
Check your local laws and start enforcing violations, the patrol bike works great
And Joey is SO cute...Ugh Ross and all his ticks lol!
Watching 16 & Knocked Up reminds me to show my kids pictures of herpes when they get to that age.
I remember head down after you had found out manna is a hell of a drug
enjoy yacht weekend! Happy 4th
So lame. They're going purely for shock value. Hate to buy into it and add to the convo but really pisses me off.
Ready 4 whats about to go down TONIGHT! MY 1ST SERVICE WITH THE TWIN TOWERS OF POWER (APOSTLES BRINSON & CLARK) let's get it!
Nice! I can appreciate that.
oh that movie looked interesting, ill have to go see it now :)
What geek movie would you like to watch on our next movie night?
All week!
yeah. i mean my view is, dont eat too much, cut back on sweets, exercise and you're good.
I'm gonna wait a few days then reply to this tweet. Oh crap!
lmao I don't wanna tell her I ain't goin either
LA Business Journal: The 50 Wealthiest Angelenos special section is now on sale at your local newsstand. Check it out today.
Who is coming to Friday for our show with The Lemonheads. We have tickets for you message us or email us.
don't give up. we've tried > 100K rows. is your data public? if so, tell us where to get to test
you live in downtown now?
Gorgeous day out...what to do?!
Buckle up. RT : today at noon, another , and discussion. Today's topic -
Thanks for following, Tony! Follow-back done.
Does anyone actually get mail that are of use or valid? I just get damn flyers and credit card newsletters! #USPS is a waste!
That's hilarious
Don't miss the big Coney Dog Sale and opening of tomorrow.
Today is a present to myself that I will open in the present.
Cant sleep tried but my mind likes to wander all over the place #hoping good things will come soon
Saw The Dictator. Good flick. Would've liked it better if The Dictator had used his air force to destroy the Battleship movie.
Jake loves his fans; it means Jake loves me! Haha. <3
I'm a big hit at #NN11 come by to booth 706 and get one! Also drop your biz card and win a History of Dem Party Poster from
My feet hurt!!!
Adam & eve don't eaat that fruit !lol
And this is why I say LIBERTARIANS ARE TOOLS OF THE 1%. The 1% and corporations want no govt, THEY make the rules, we suffer.
Did your little brother win his game?(:
i am back from Halloween trip,i had a great time,love u all
There are many people who assume that the meals or foods on the Nutrisystem flex diet plan are entirely different
Sarah can you give me a shoutout please?
Thank you so much! I appreciate the comment a great deal.
I don't know when I decided I was good. I've just been singing all my life. Both my parents love music, & so that's (con't)
Is it sad that I'm excited about Lisa Loeb being at ALA's Midwinter Meeting? And yes, I do realize its not 1994 anymore ;)
I love toast!
wish I had a heads up about their casting. I have lots of vacation time to use
P.S. - I guess imitation is the sincerest form of flattery but there's noting like the real thing baby!
No orange juice with my 4am breakfast this morning? Not a happy person today.
OK :) hope everything get wells
thank goodness..I didn't follow you to be intellectually stimulated gurl
I think it's like learning styles-- location tech need to adapt to support diverse spatial modalities (and it is happening).
Survived the back to school block party. Didn't even have to climb onto inflatable obstacle course to retrieve crying child this time.
i be that pretty muthafucka eagle tuck is wat im reppin
Ready to rock at the Silver Moon at Lake Oconee, I'm playing all night!
Waiting for the sun to set before attempting a 4.5-mi run. It'll still be 94 degrees, but hopefully won't feel like it.
I bet Joe Lando's even older
how many more?
thanks cutie, but where r u?  ahah
Sounds cool.
yes! Seems like all people care about in music is Bieber and not Ed, when he is a lyrical god & actually writes his great songs
Charles de Montesquieu~ An author is a fool who not content with boring those he lives with insists on boring future generations.
when are you coming to florida??? Peace,love,VANITY<33
it's sad how easy it is for me to be inbox zero on my personal email account.
I hate myself for my piss poor self-loathing skills.
Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat
Better than a fairy tale. 💗✨
37% of students have used their smartphone for academics in past year.
2 chainz just bought his third chain
I hope karma bites cancer in the ass.
Hello Mr jones.. how have you been sir :)
are you on tour?? N agreed. Too much n it'll make your hair fall out.
#lib #addy test at 8 pm
I feel & look like shit right about now.
It was totally random...but thankfully no shots or stitches. Just a good cleaning & some antibiotics.
ya it does big time but oh well
OMG! Sh*t on a Sh*ngle. Haven't had it since the war, but love it. Thanks!
oh well. Brewers are in shambles. You be starting today if not illness.
Strange noises in the bathroom
are you going to change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom not all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play...
Los Angeles Blues will be taking on The Mexican U-20 national team on Feb 25 international matche at Titan Stadium, at 7 p.m. PT
": You know aint no otha move BUT #Next2Naked Mansion Party Tonight !"
Thatz good eating;)
1 of the advantages to not having all my apartment supplies yet: dish-washing detergent is actually a much better hand-washer than soap is.
Thank you, Erin!
woo it's a cold wind in Boston, not any colder than Atlanta last week, but that was COLD! Looking forward to ALA and RDA anyway
Yeah yeah! Things still work in IE
it just comes on and suddenly with out warning or anything
Thanks for the Fishroll. Nice try.
When you selected your career path, was it something that you had always wanted to do?
You know.. The thing in the thing next to the thing behind that thing and yea you know.. that thing.
The Bachelorette starts tomorrow* *My Monday nights are free again
it's pretty handy to monitor discussion boards from my ip otherwise...drunk monkeys.
Run Run!
Two really bad calls by refs tonight costing the Giants points.
its really not that deep. It didnt even taste good.
Cee-Lo, come save our girl!!!
you look at me like you hate me, when i didn't do shit.. all i did was tell you straight up how it was.
are you sure? I think I saw you at Five Guys chowing down a meal and free nuts! Hehe xo
And paintings don't represent church doctrine and you why would there be any pictures of Christ if church wasn't christian?
Tiger Woods Poker Night With Phil Hellmuth, Doyle Brunson
will you still be going to away games?
Marshall! I watched that 5 grade play we did & I was like oh I wonder if tessa is on twitter! :)) Dude its been a long time!
Hahahahahaha, I am tripping off of these #2Chainz tweets❕Lol, y'all crazy! 😭😭😂😂
Tell Your Mom Us ICONiacz Said Happy Mothers Day!! Shes beautiful, amazing, and we Love Her!! <3333
Happy bday to my homie Already know its gonna be a wild one. Haha.
Way to kill it out there yesterday my man.
thanks so much for the follow! If I can help with some new furniture of any kind or a new mattress I'm your guy!
Why do people foul EVERYTIME playiny basketball... its like the point is to NOT foul. My body is in some pain right now
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 29
lol I'm sorry I fell off twitter, but u gonna be seeing me more, I told Frogg u ready, don't need no grooming, u in there
he's like a walking strap on that even a Grandmother could love
tonight's #mrcampusfreshman contest will feature good night? we think so! Shorty's at 8pm, be there!
jorge: 8:15am Houston was hit hard. Flooding everywhere, trees down, trying to get to city center. Power out almost everywhere.
Multiple services...One bill...One point of contact...From One great provider..Globalnet Telecom.
To my FB friends!!! I'll be reactivating my Facebook again... Just had to take a brake an catch up with my family. Make It A Good-One!!!
Not sure the day would feel complete without a conversation about sluts with
your boy Brady looked like a little punk yesterday. He didn't win that game at all. If anything, he tried to lose it...
idk but i think twitter
my sister sometimes -_- at least she was nice enough to tell me this ti.e
Thanks to for a fruitful program today! I AM inspired... but ready TO GET TO WORK!
you make me LMAO! Thanks :)
Trying to send some #CBC brewers to the show tonight. Tix available? Set times?
what to do todayy
I'm done playin around wit these girls that wanna act grown but still got that lil girl mentality
": At Amc 30 With About To Watch #SafeHouse.. I Hope Its As Good As Everybody Been Talking Bout!"
Don't see Chris Bosh being out hurting the Heat's chances. They just need a healthy LBJ flopping around for 3 quarters and Wade for the 4th.
Goob, can you make the video available on mobile? Looks like it's disabled. Damned Websense!
Break from the #nfl Drat
Thanks for stopping by and buying the Goddess arm chain.
That is, I think, the natural consequence of interacting with students. =)
I told you
Awesome place for a meeting! RT Great OnMilwaukee.com brainstorm lunch at Beans & Barley
exactly! In Texas if you don't like avacadoesssss you get funny looks.
Tickets are still on sale for the last three showings of Urinetown starting at $6 for PSU students!
Thank you and - Cameo is poppin on Tuesdays!
one request: a lot of customers are confused about the "pay with other" option - is there a chance you could integrate card payments?
Look whose back RT : Just did a final recording for the song "Nandito Ako." Feeling a lot better about it.
Someone please explain to me why the #Brewers continue to think that Gallardo is the ace of this team?
that shit NEVER happens and I think they are trying to lie to the sexy blonde girl just to see if they can get away with it!!
thank YOU! RT : Rocked today!! It was great working and meeting so many great people!!
Golden Globes party at my place. You're all invited if you bring Ricky Gervais with you.
What's This by Fall Out Boy is my favorite version :3
Is that on hand in DTLT or do we need to search for a source?
Attended the Listening Session last night at the Clarendon Ballroom--great group of entrepreneurs throughout Arlington County!!
After watching all four seasons of the Battlestar Galactica reboot, I'm definitely rooting against Watson. Machines = Evil.
You're not coming?
Great weather for a motorcycle ride, if you took a layup period on your bike insurance please call your insurance agent before you head out
KOLBY Y****S make me fuck you up and I bet I i will not take ur ass to siz flags asshole
Did you see that the deadline was extended to the 15th?
It caught me last year. Missed yesterday and am watching both tomorrow.
Drinking+Smoken= me knocked tf out
I've searched without luck. Let me know if you find a good printer. :)
All of the Detroit talk is making me very homesick. Keep up the good momentum Detroit!!
Why is a women's prison called a penal colony?
I actually found some program that erased all of my twitter history - very refreshing!
"Best" is also tough to answer - "Favorite" = His & Hers!
Just finishing up a video I did for my next single! Big news about the new song coming soon! Very soon!!!
thanks for the RT :)
Hm ... what should I wear to tomorrows party?
 Up Or Get Flown Over
RT : Celebrate #SBW2012 with Get Down to Business: a free, action-packed, nationwide series of business building events!
Nfl suspended players take ur punishment like professionals &move on!
Make sure you have the right tools to do your job; easier to handle tricky situations on social media /via
"Master your senses, what you taste and smell, what you see, what you hear."
Trying to pick up the pieces.
Losing 28 lbs. and keeping it off for a year is good. Building a business while doing so, great. :)
It's so much better when the fam is in the house. Spring Cleaning
I'm wishing God's blessings on everyone. I hope you all have a productive day!
Had NHL 2 x's R-CHOP is the best-but side effects are nasty. Read Amazon, "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer."
Is there any better feeling than leaving work 3 hours early on a Friday to watch opening day baseball?
can't rape the willing
Reading fashion magazines, trying to work out what's in vogue in beachwear on French Riviera in 2009.
Justin once said, "A girl could be sitting on her computer right now, trying to get noticed not knowing she is the future Mrs.Bieber" ....me
what!?!? you had to defend yourself mayor....
Shout out is to
I miss you too): I wish we worked together!
Did you know we have a pretty nice selection of Organic Sake on our list. We will also be bringing on some biodynamic wine selections soon!
I know, right?
I thought you already finished the dance to "Up All Night"? Eh, either way, I wanna see it! Hopefully it isn't complicated.
thanks! Would love any feedback you have. ^MB
I can say something nice about Sarah Palin. She's got nice hair........if it ain't a wig:)
What I want to know is, how can you have an NHL team without someone named, "Nils" somewhere in the system.
yes yes (I was thinking the same thing)!
I couldn't access my #PR course text online, so instead I got down to James Brown all morning.
To all the cool students we met #Twi2012 Icreon is looking for intelligent informed marketing interns. Apply on bit.ly/ubq10k
For every prohibition you create you also create an underground. -Jello Biafra
I'm missing you too boo<3
Contract Bobcats and Hornets, move Kings to Seattle.
": what a mess “: stay sober Charlie...stay sober...#today”" definition of shit show
I'm trying to get happier guys. I'm really trying. Everyone tweet me. (:
That guy at Hartman today was sucking that Lollypop like a dick lmao.
Today's going good, ready for tonight! :)
Haha, no way, that was a PUNWIN. ("Movie Tyme" itself is a kind of a pun fail) WE DID INDEED! That job was a gravy boat, man.
Why, thank ya Miss Lady Ma'am!
Ughh, Exams all week! I gotta study my butt off! Wish me luckk!
For a league that's supposed to be fun to watch, calling an illegal screen with seconds left in the game is the opposite of enjoyable.
We got a rally going, uh oh uh oh
we're proud of you ladies and what you are all about. Glad we could be involved! See you very soon :)
thanks! Hope to see you soon
Yoav Potash accepts Prize: The stories that are hard to tell are the stories that are worth telling.
Yum! Sounds wonderful!
I might need a non-date to go with me to the ferris wheel in OB before I hit up C&C.... offer yourselves to me.
astrology chart
Thanks Milwaukee for another wonderful week. See you soon!
nope, not invited. haha
iMISS ALL MY THUGS EVEN MY LIL THUGS WISH iCOULD SEE YHU GUYS ♥♥♥♥♥
you have to come by the booth at #Fabulace Just ask for me Carl the camera guy we would love to meet you
which guy exactly I've installed 3 times but they all good last time I went Paul did it. So how much you getting them for :))
I'm back and it feels good, minus the fact I can't sleep
#Rachmaninoff #piano concertos are to other #pianoconcertos as #ZeddieLittle is to other men...
what looks certain 2me is the DNC's counting on #WiPeople 2blaze the trail; do the work; 2B the example.
Smh alot of these bitches cant even fly without their lucky hat ! lmao
hope you're having fun(:
Happy May 1st! Watch out for cops, they lookin to cap their quota by the 4th #justsaying who knows by u tho that applies to Kenosha Fo sho!
#MomentWhen you can't deal with stupid people anymore -__-
Okay, I know I'm a month overdue with the exaltation, but damn the new Bon Iver is good.
The green makeup for the Wicked Witch of the West in the 1939 Wizard of Oz got it's color from a dangerous chemical, copper oxide.
RT Win tickets for the Texas Testosterone Event! Submit your fav. submission to . Include info!
AWESOME!!!!!...wow, that's cool. And now she's like super duper famous.
In the words of Dame Joan Sutherland - "Kisses on your opening". Have fun.
How do I not know of this hot guy you speak of? lol
Love this..."Follow your own muse"-Morgan Freeman
Follow the Red Sox Alley Show on our #Facebook page and subscribe with iTunes
I know same! I'm like who are you and why do you want to know where I'm eating and drinking
Dang I anit.got no friends
Security line at PDX is very long
Trolling is a art. :D
Plus, if someone asks "Consider the tree or web of all life throughout earthly time..Is it a god?" can I confidently answer no?
Why is it so hard for people to recognize the damaging results of their own dumb actions? How complex is 2 + 2 = 4?
ok and I can only tlk on twitter
idc that's just pathetic
miss you as well. <3
#Controversy2 LOVE IT!!!!
Have decided today is the star of another 4 day heat wave! No I haven't looked out the window yet..
on the phone with , i will always love you when HE doesnt.
yeah we're opening for them on their fall tour. Played Austin last week, pretty killer show. 2nite we're in aspen CO, milehigh!
If you suffer, thank God! -- it is a sure sign that you are alive.
ugh… 90 degrees in Topeka this weekend… No Bueno :(
I'm ready to play some good ol' Vancouver dodgeball!
lol it was a long day, and i was very exhausted. :p
I did text you back about going to hooters? My phone is a piece of shit
cool love
ask and you shall receive :)
the new trendy restaurant Balena is the place to go if you want overpriced, overhyped and underwhelming food.
Just Wanted to say Good Morning #TPlush and we love you!!
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others.
I'm starving!
Greedy landlord broke our sublease to raise rent and we now have to find a new office space in 2 weeks. Ugh.
awake! Been going strong since early this morning!
Time for a reboot me thinks... Let's get some stuff started and going. Come on dude! Let's get to some creating already.
Alliance has been focusing on work in 2 areas, education and health
I agree.
Thanks. 30 days research/outline, 30 days 1st draft, 30 days edit, 30 days final cleanup.
#RIPHannah Please make this a TT she was a true belieber!!
CALL ME MAYBE
Air travel actually seems to lead urban growth.
Great work! RT : finished the colorado 10k in about 54:20. it was a definite altitude adjustment. state 24 is done....
Shah Rukh outstretched arms...the moment we've been waiting for
I'm working on copyedits. Another writer refers to "seaworthy Vikings".
Nope ;p RT : I'll Have Another wins!!! Coincidence? I think not!!!
You don't miss me, you miss my attention.. there's a big difference.
Visit Walmart.com/pharmacy for more information about Walmart's expanded prescription drug program.
Conservator in church lab makes his living preserving history
I can't wait for u guys to hear it! "Boyfriend" cover coming soon :)
So tired but I need to get this run in before our 6pm calltime tonight. *thinking on a mission* GET UP AND WORKOUT!!!!!
RT : I need some testers for a Pantheon bug fix with new site spinup UI. Next three people who ping me get an invite code!
Doing the pizza thing for din din!
Went too hard in the paint at the gym yesterday. Owwwww
RT : Special thanks to our #smallbiz expert for joining us tonight!
lately I haven't heard from you homie! Damn a nigga can't get a reply or retweet Smh
seriously jealous you got to go to Ricobene's!
"he didn't wanna marry ME" Obvi when she finds out joe is getting married
Innovation, Part 3: Your Users Want A New Product, Do You?
why are you pooping in the bathroom right now eww that was the guys room
how long are you in town for?
Don't let people's compliments get to your head and don't let their criticism get your heart.
Or do like I do, and always wear shoes you can run in.
Haha so cute! ♥
Hi Mikey 💙
Found myself sucked in to watching Alien Encounters on Science Channel last night. Quite entertaining & thought provoking stuff, actually.
Somtimes it feels like the older people get out here, the more immature they become! -_-
launches inquiry into arbitration clauses in consumer financial contracts. Study could lead to a new rule.
HA RT : come pick us up lol
So very true! Sometimes it is much easier to create a new reality than to face the facts.
No more vitamin E supplements for me...don't want prostrate cancer!
Reading comics for science! ... I mean research...
asdfghjgfds what. I'm mexican he's not. Hahaha
not even saying anything about lbj vs kobe. all im saying is espn grills lebron for passin/ listening to coach
a mac user using chrome from denver, co via qwest comm (184.96.160.11) just tried to hack my contact form lol
Thank you so much for retweeting my article. Hope you have a good day.
Thanks Preston! The Law Insider is looking great!
Omg! U didbt tell me u got a laptop!!
Somebody with a good beard should turn on the lights!
You ain't shit with out the head u a du rag
Standing in line waiting for jahvid bests autograph at 12oaks.
OMG Justin Bieber followed me because i followed Today!! WOW!!!
Two words: Quadrophenia. Criterion.
Hurry up. It's roaring toward us like a steam engine.
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen. The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless
great article on CNN. Will check out your blog.
is up and running! Stay tuned for what's happening!!
John legend >>>>>> I wish I.could sing
I don't understand why Vilma waited for the Commish to give his sentence and THEN defend himself. You knew it was coming...
no. Jk you should!
Me neither. But I've been surprised how long it took to build scipy on ubuntu running on my laptop....
Congrats! I would appreciate an introduction if he is open to one, as would fellow #socinn in NYC, Boston, and London Eng.
Going to sams club with my girl annie!(:
I wonder why all the songs I'm listening to have a 'shawty' in some part of the song.
When people take forever to text me back. I take twice as long as it sent them to send it back
don't be responsible!
There are 6 mangoes in a basket & 6 kids eagerly waiting to get one. Each kid is given 1 mango, yet there's 1 mango left in the basket, how?
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
youtube will have it in a few hours
Thank you so much!!
Gossip Girl's Blake Lively Most Desirable woman in the world
love that Paul book, too! So helpful and easy to understand.
Check out www.christieohh.com New Blogsite!
tomarrow is my birthday :)
#Quote of the day: "When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: You haven't." - Thomas Edison
Hm. Should I head to the Palisades this Morning?
This block just won't end.
English class: the place where books are written, read, & burned......
Sometimes the only way is jumping, I hope you're not afraid of heights.
lmao sorry D;
This poll is sitting in front of me right now... Who do you think will be #1?
great point and very true
Needs a Baltimore restaurant to host dinner for scholarship participants and families, anyone interested?
The weather has not been cooperating but we sailed this morning!! Hoping for some great keepers!
i finally found one lol, This is America, so speak english,!!
Productively using my skills and seeking new avenues to produce explosive material and provoke thought through consciousness.
Solidarity is when you pass someone with a hoodie on & you both give the classic head nod.
Do I have to answer that now? I mean so many people will see it.
Let us know what your favorite room is? and the memory that went with it.
is he going to UK my man?
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours! ~ Anonymous
anatomy definition
Thanks! We got a great reception at our premier at the Nashville Film Festival. Excited to share it with the magic community!
watching the news ignoring the sounds of hunger in my tummy. :)
The when I know you're lying.
O_O I'm bout to just sit on the floor and laugh till I die.
It shall be
Eating frozen yogurt outside at 9:00 PM in February. I like this.
On a lonely street shone hands and faces/of the dark, I left/our misappropriated shadows in/ shapes like horizontal plans....
Did I stroke out or did Mitt Romney basically endorse Ron Paul in the middle of that debate?
Wisdom is developed with the stride of life so walk with strength
I'm pretty fly for a brown guy.
Going to pick up my tix for the summer jam and hopefully get VIP if not all sold out !!! Cans VIP sell out lol idk but like I said ???!???!?
The Maya Long Count Period for the 2012 year figure of 1872000 days represents 98.6013 calendar rounds of 18980 days.
that's when niggas really had to rap
Woww is all I can say.. R.I.P Whitney Houston
Today in 1989, the 27.9-mile-long Berlin Wall, separating East and West Germany, was opened for the first time in 28 years.
A BIG thank you to Michael Anthony's Catering for being one of my sponsor In this year's NYC AIDS Walk
Need to increase your FICO score. e-mail for free booklet at .com
WATCH OUT FOR FINES BRO!
It's all #Dextraordinary !!!!
Thanks, I'm up, eating, and moving about which are helping.
I would be even prouder if your matrix had only one option, and that was NOT LEAVING US. But yes, OCD abounds and I'm pleased!
Hug my sister's guts out. And then show her your feet. She hates feet.
& they told me some things that my mind didnt change
RT : House just passed the #DREAMAct. An important step in letting hardworking students pursue their dreams of higher...
#1personilove for helping me out with this lit terms project :)
Got the electric, water and Internet set-up for the new place. Ready to move!
Despite dark skies, local food outshining politics at Alt Bratfest at Orton Park.
One friend moving to midtown. The other to Brooklyn. Realizing you'll be stuck in this crap town forever ... Depressing ...
Any feedback/suggestions on site would be greatly appreciated. In the meantime, I'm cooking dinner for my in-laws.
Tanning mom looks like an old piece of beef jerky!!!
Sadly pretty typical for JCP.
Seriously thinking of nuking using personal email. If you can reach me via Twitter, Facebook, every chat protocol in the universe, text..
OMG, that is fantastic! cannot wait to hear the CD and purchase it, it will be awesome, I just know it!!!
Let's go Bulls. Need a run to end the 3rd quarter.
Off to my fave Thai food !..
Triclops. Yes. Google it.
Yall better get ready for Mr.Kee new single "Jeanz" featuring D.A.P,comin soon. MONSTAZ BALL BOI!!!
KS 1075 Xmas Bash tonight at comedy works DTC 7pm. Come chill in the Boost Mobile lounge sponsored by yours truly. Fo shizzzzle!
ONLY 9 MORE DAYS till you are no longer BRACE FACE! (: either way i like you just the way u are.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!! everyone :D
Did the video of 's session on Silicon Valley lessons get posted? cc
If you like Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream, you'll love Pumpkin Cheesecake Ice Cream! Come try some tonight!
RT : the sun! always a reminder to smile.
I would like to tell someone else the good news, if only he would answer his phone... 😪
I know y'all remember putting hands on Atlanta Falcon Andre Rison on national TV, I'm sure be could have smashed em both..
So there's this thing called
Happy Easter weekend :)
The talk seems to be heading in same direction as ome #hybridpedagogy convos.
you just upped the ante!
#Bo7 #Alone I never understood why people think it's strange to be fine with doing things alone !
Don't forget to make your way over to MyTennesseeChristmas.com to see how to enter to win $500 shopping spree.
trying to figure you out.are good girl or are you a very very bad girl.i don't really care.i still love you for who you are.
How is your New Year's resolution?
Hey boo “ Mmmmn”
mind your business. Its early
The Yolanda Adam's Morning Show co-host will be on the show live today at 11AM CST on
I feel like you'll never follow me .. /:
Andrea May in Minneapolis. VP, ID Services for Dashe & Thomson.
Vision. Would want to see as well as large cats in the dark. All my other senses are well intact! :)
CNBC says eating sweets for breakfast can help you with weight loss. I knew I was onto something!!
Send me the business email. Thx
Just saw a clown... No Wait... That was just the "average" Portlander... He had on red jeans, green sweater, pink hat and a blue belt...
Jealous. Going anywhere fun?
I've heard it was a suicide. Is that true?
keep doin your thing bro im proud if you. Dont stop. By any means make it happen. Make this shit happen
So tired! 
ugh so lucky :(
Can somebody get KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT already?!
Thanks for the RT. We're learning a lot about motivators behind making healthy choices at
Ground turkey Mexican crock pot meat loaf comming up! A little freedom in the meal plan is nice!
I have learned over the years to NOT show emotions. Bc 9 times outta 10 when you show you care people take it for granted.
Agirl doesnt feel perfect enough until a guy tell her tht she's perfect:))
Preacher says "i dont think yall hear me" when his sermon aint tight lol
Ooh, I'd love to win one of those shirts in the giveaway!
you is good company. :)
Earth Day! The Gentleman Dancing Master continues at IUP (2PM Waller Mainstage); Winter Storm Watch tonight thru Tuesday. Up to 6" snow.
A hashtag is for channeling content, to facilitate conversation
Haha there ya go!
Don't let the snow stop you, let's go #Nuggets!
Have you seen Zebras at the Balloon Fiesta? They are volunteers dressed in b/w who coordinate a balloon launch.
Okay x) RT one of what? text me back fucker!:) RT : aye fuck face I don't got one myself :/ lmao !
I was born before technology and was supposed to be a boy up until the very last second. I think I'm still a little confused.
I hate to say it but the #Sixers are gonna win this series! Willing to wager a bet?
Once I stop giving a crap about you, good luck getting that back.
When errybody else FAILS U, U Can Count On ME...DAMN THATS A BIG RESPONSIBILITY...
Nothing can be better thanks to kick it with you
good luck! You can do it! Give it all you got! Random words of encouragement!
Magnalogix Hosted Predictive dialer, stop hand dialing and start Smart dialing! Contact us at 866.460.6611
u a clown bro ...had me rollin
#There are many things hidden behind my smile;&:\
Subtle difference between mouseenter/leave vs mouseover/out? Two mice enter. One mouse leaves.
ugh people really need to go up!! you are a senior picking fights with freshman!!!!! #YouWillLoose!
free miles and seat available
ugh i know. he's a bloody guy and he's still prettier than me.
Watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!!!!!!!
when are u all coming to DC?? or did I miss it??
you are too!
Come see OUTTA SYNC live with us tonight from 6:30-9:30!
Wow - that's def not what they were expecting for that campaign!
Thanks to all the people who came to the first KC vBeers Special thanks to Bob Jewell for picking up the tab for the beers and food
you said it well.
You mean there isn't a terrible blog about me! I thought I was famous!! Didn't know spam could tweet dm's like it did.
I don't Give you no good reason but baby please don't give up
When you assume you make yourself look like an ass!
Come to Florida I really wanna meet you!
Hey ... are you following me (back)? :)
My goodness. Only 7 hours left. People are still getting in. It's not too late (yet) for you too! www.PortlandBoatTours.com
There's some weird ass animal noises going on outside..
love the painting! I redid the starry night back in a high school art class wall
RISE OF THE PLANETS was @ the state fair park midway n milwaukee on thurs,dont know how 2 act
me too haha you're better off.
Monday has 130 cappers with their action posted with a consensus from their pks on Cavs & Kings with a college total also
Haha:) he was cute !!
goodness yes! He did a lot of the college games on ESPNU this year
omg. I teared up a bit <3 love you!
Trial seeks improved lung-cancer screening by combining imaging and biomarkers
The cousins are reunited!
Props to Barry Alvarez on the HOF. About as no-brainer as it gets.
Just a little school girl trying to design some websites in my pajamas. HeadWebMaster.com tell them Kathy sent you
Make sure you go to the beach club at the WYNN HOTEL!!!
Looking for infographic ideas: TSA, veteran/mental health stats, suggestions?
...gotz to figure out how I am going to fund this BCALA Library Conference this summer. I might need to start a lemonade stand.
How I love you ham scone
Good morning! Yeah Brewers! Beast mode!!
Looking forward to meeting you!
#iDislikeItWhen people act like there all bad,when their obviously....NOT!!!!!
Back from a fantastic #foxfield weekend back in Cville. Now ready for the #ManchesterDerby. #united!
my bad:p
I'm there Tuesday, Wednesday, and the occasional Friday. See you next week!
Dear , aren't you tired of controlling your paper orders? Overthrow him.
following me? perhaps♥
The Road to the 20th Anniversary Show: Trivia Question #6 Who used to play Bass in Red Letter Daze?
only a few lol depends on the beer I suppose :)
Can't wait to introduce Forbes editor Carl Lavin to some interesting Milwaukeeans tomorrow. Rich Meeusen, Tim Sheehy, Tom Kintis....
i thought i was following you already and vice versa. new account?
What do you call a marketing strategy ... aw, nevermind.
Fellas all you have to do is be Real and Respectful to Woman
Rest with the Wild Things, Maurice Sendak.
I'm excited!
when you coming to Milwaukee to ?
I doing the same...except laying off the sauce part it hard!
I like how you think! RT : There's only one rule: I will not lose.
sadly no
Watching The All-Star Celebrity Game!!!
I mean you grown af stay out of little kids conversations!
Yeah! Definitely! :)
right, like that's gonna really happen
Found out last night a major project 'go live' date was moved from Sept 2012 to May 2012...good times, good times...
helping a friend move + church + Easter dinner with the in-laws
I hate girls that try too much to get attention
I supposed that's good for me to experience.
Hard Boiled Men on #kindle for
I'm so jealous I wanna be home!
Surly Hell arrived at France 44 today, Surly Bitter Brewer is still available.
Thought you were closer to Silver Spring? Our place is by the Silver Spring Metro, which I spose is more neighborly than Bmore.
Oh my, sounds nice! What's the rule?
go suck it
I'm having trouble loading your site, are you having issues too?
Excited that #NSAI #TinPanSouth are in #themusiccity once again
an evaluative hypothesis…
Why rehash negative news?? This is 2+ weeks old. Goddamn
As soon as the first wave of torrent downloads are complete we will start the streaming portion of our festivities.
you must have an obsession with Leah lately.
learned so much shit this weekend! thank you and
Customer success is what drives the long-term success of HubSpot in its mission to transform how businesses do marketing
