On the menu: Thai rice noodles, sweet & sour boneless chicken strips, carrots and green peppers.
what do you mean?
I don't like my food to touch. It's immoral. Especially since they are unmarried.
dude! Whats up?
Just contributed $1 to the office lottery pool. #GonnaBeSoRich!
How do people feel about separate twitter accounts for personal and professional?
jordy now has mee thinkin that i should get my hair cut off
she got the best p**** in the city and when she cum be like figi!
CHECK EMAIL
worth noting the police, while authoritarian, have for the most part not been violent
Props for correct usage of indefatigable!
Don't forget to mark your calendars! Twitter party is 3 days away. Monday 8-9pm EST! Hashtag:
hope you have a safe flight boo <3
I like your work...check out mine at www.leocortesstudios.com
Life is like making tea: Boil your ego, evaporate your thoughts, dilute your sorrows, filter your mistakes and get a taste of happiness.
Lakers- wtf. Seasoned fan so not worried just yet...
im bout to go bowling
don't forget to nominate your fave. charity for our annual donation.. just tweet us w/ the name & website of the organization!
Would you rather be locked in a record store all day, or a musical instrument shop?
Five Favorite Films with Whit Stillman Back in the 1990s, Whit Stillman wrote and directed what might be regarded three modern American c
A healthy, civilized society would never deprive its citizenry of equal justice under law!
Who-hoo! Just remembered that will be at the CO Teen Lit Conference this Saturday! So excited! Gotta find my copy of Shiver...
Missed my yesterday.-_- GLAD THEY BEAT THE HEAT! That's my team right there
It's a Holiday Celebration! WE REACHED 300K VIEWS BEFORE 2012! Thank you everyone for supporting our video!
Dear God: Please help me to reach my full potential in this life.
I hate to see yall frownin but i love to see her smilin
Bring your kids to tomorrow morning for the Kids Workshop! From 9am-12pm, kids participate in crafts & learn tool safety!...
RT : hopefully will get 700 followers by tonight only need another 35 please help guys by retweeting this cheers:D
I'm on a bus!
#Educare of Central Maine is celebrating the Week of the Young Child with Desiree Marin for adventures in storytelling.
Itz a Nice ☀Day!
so jealous of you right now
I wish I Iived in asia so I could see you on tour!!! <3
once equalibrum is chg people push 2 find new 1. A particular velocity (incls direction) can b a person equalibrum but that CAN
I have to admit I LOVE every story where a 10-year-old kid finds a mistake in a museum-grade dinosaur exhibit.
"discipline that is not fueled by delight will not last" truth spoken by on my morning commute podcast today...
...creating a pathfinder for 407 assignment whose audience is....wait...well....me....
I can't believe how buggy is. I can't believe anybody would pay for it.
Libraries: Because Nobel Laureates Don't Cite Wikipedia.
for sure!
Well, hello old(new) chum(s)... ! I think you're nifty, especially you
I gave up my airline seat to a Soldier going home to surprise his family Thank you for serving welcome home
We are happy to be working with you on the Public Fellows program!
you left 2k at my house.
UNDER THE LIGHTS TONIGHT YOU TURNED AROUND AND YOU STOLE MY HEART WITH JUST ONE LOOK, WHEN I SAW YOUR FACE I FELL IN LOVD
Who wouldn't! Alicia is one very sexy and sensuous Lady! It would be the ride of a lifetime for sure!
RT : I'm calling it right now...The #Mavericks will win the NBA title this season...write that down so you
#idol - Sadly I missed Phillip's second song. Will youtube it later.
Had a great time interviewing Lance Ledbetter of for with this afternoon.
Going to read "Bark, George" to about 50 kids today with #ssjcpl's fabulous youth services coordinator for a Rotary Read-in. Fun stuff!
Purple Belted Coat- perfect for my little redhead!
Thanks for all of your support of the non-profit community!
Orange County Transportation Authority used SMS to improve customer service and cut costs. www.zesmo.com
When #ruthless times call for #ruthless measures, I know I can always count on
I'm feelin the freestyle
When Greg Dobbs plays baseball, he reminds me of Helen Keller.
Thanks, your direct input helps me know what classes students need the most help in.....
Busy sinful saturday for me.
Fast fat loss tip: Eat 5-6 times per day. Think protein, quality fats, and veggies!
RT Pier Paolo Pasolini born today, 1922. 'I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief.'
jus due for a new one
My students performed amazingly for New Hope Community Church's sunday service. Thank you Jesus for this beautiful day!!!
#IGetJealousOf every.single girl you talk to.
My twitlonger I posted yesterday... Applies today too.
that was nice
thanks..me too!
haha... Thanks for the RT :D
Coyotes are looking a lot stronger this game but the Kings are letting up!
Thank you, #walgreens, for making me wait another hour for a prescription that should have been ready 4 hours ago
Do you think recent mainstream media focus on the topic could help to make a multiplicity of gender present's possible?
Up early ready to interview some glamorous makeup artist, lash stylists and nail techs for an upcoming fashion show
#MCN2011 attendees-Hyatt room wifi is free-but you have 2 OK the Internet charge on browser launch, then it will be taken off your bill.
I'll be there too. It's my second year and this time I know what to expect. :)
The Lord has blessed me with such great sisters to whom I look up to and adore. Thank you
I tell em meet me in thee bathroom ! :)
76 westbound, ya fucks! The lawrence arms are playing in cleveland. Party all the way.
this damn store smell like pure FEET!
Yes but would it work for selling homes? cc
a big thank you to all who have followed and used brewcitybites over the past few months! we're off to a great first year! #thanks!
shut up
did you drive that on a Sunday night?
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here is my number so call me maybe (:
my knee still hurts but idgaf, i'm still going to tumble.
💅 girl, please.
Can not wait til tomorrow. Waking up at 7:30am to get ready for a 4 hour ride to see and give him his mustache bracelet :-)
Sucks to being studyin and reading, while all i can think of is you
wins in the 93rd minute... starts the season off right for the 2nd straight year
BAM! RT : With a regulation decision in the Milwaukee game, the #Amerks have clinched a berth in the 2012 Playoffs!
I'm going CRAZY here! Why isn't it 4:00 yet?! I wanna see and on ! Gijhihighrfgfnjijhjieg!!!
This is the column Pierce was born to write, really.
i forever love you for this :)
lmao, These People Take Me As A Joke ! Finna Unfollow You Mf's
she pullin me....
Peace Bro Damon. Enjoyed you at The comedy show at SF.
I understand the point he was trying to make but....................RT "the only thing that makes you homosexual is sex..." -Pastor
No disrespect but can't remember a game he dominated. RT
wow, so ghetto. ._______.
they r not bad for a school in the 100's.
At work today there were donuts and flavored coffee, but it was all gone before I got any. Guess I'm SOL today. =/
Terrible news for Rose and the Bulls.
that day will be the best day of life.
So freaking sick of school. 2 power points, a paper, math tub, and homework in the last 3 weeks is just nonsense.
hope shows and everything else is going well for you sweetie. You look gorgeous in your new pic, xoxox
Is at the citizenship office to see diana take her oath!
yeah...I seriously haven't slept b4 3AM in dayyysssss grrr lol
you goin' for the champs right?
Great then put mine together too. lol
Show @ Rockbar March 5th with Reverse Halo Effect and Seeking 7.
I keep looking at my phone seeing if Austin tweeted.. Lol he never will
Ferris Bueller's Day Off = the original flash mob
so I wanted to be the first to inform you that, as of today, kombucha is back.
Colored tattoos look good on light skinned people.
yeah I was planning on doing that!
lollllllz I love you
i love when my iPod clears memory <3 O WAIT NO I DONT
#nfais: Maria Bonn from U of Michigan talking about "Liquid Books" leaving behind the constraints of the container
Great thanx for askin..maybe better if i get to know you..!! lol
NO! No reason to watch anymore.
Beliebers love you Justin
Sow kindness, you will reap a crop of friends.
Is it normal for goldfish to spend 10 hrs a day wading at the surface gasping for air? I don't get these creatures, or how to save them
being new to twitter!!
Here my chance to get to follow me! Hola Justin! How are you??
School is goin to be to thirsty tomorrow. #damnlookinkindadehydrated #no2012seniors c/o 2013 y'all got this though!
Unhappy so far today with -- not being flexible on travel plans flying into the heart of Igor
Let's get it
Tough to play a song like that with kids present. Check us out at johnny's Saturday, explicit words allowed
What is on your agenda tonight? I need to get up a #Giveaway ... Wonder which one I post ... Hm.
fuck well hell we got brass knuckles and pepper spray we will be alright
So proud of our girls..such a close game. We're 2nd place in the state out of so many.
I need more followers mind helping?
Attention : dck is still going live stay tuned in! Ha
Nice! Thanks so much.
RT if you think lack of awareness and knowledge about the mentally disabled is a problem!
Walking home from Hags' house... Alone... In dark... Cold. Fun Saturday.
i hate mal.
ya know, never did get to see those shoes I sent ya
Your dads shot is so funny. He lifts his leg up every single time haha
Every female I talk to ask me the same damn question y don't have a gf kinda weird hmm
Every One Follow —> &
--me too
In danger of playing this song so much I end up hating it.
G-ma's fight for good deals @ Nordstrom. I should give them my SS check, not the IRS. Seems they spend my hard-earned $ on the sales rack.
President Obama is currently landing marine-one at my high school on his way to Clooney's $40,000 a plate fundraising dinner
I just saw your DVD and heard your testimony & how you helped a family and blessed them with a home.
since u live in Jersey do u ever see any of the boyz
why is my inklink name piggypower.....
“: This Peyton thing has really been a pain in the neck.” .. You think he hurt his neck saying NO! To SanFran ..
No, you're not. You're a cool runner guy with a great heart. Yep that's me being smarmy
It's almost Friday get #cashforcars from #ParkroseAutoCenter of Portland, Or. We buy cars of all makes and models.
Great to follow you! Our GOAL is to help increase your properties potential sale and value.
Did u get that artwork you were looking for?
VOTE Harry Thomas, Jr. #3 on the ballot...TEAM THOMAS is ready for VICTORY!!!!
Just sent that #OTG fire.
Q: In militaryspeak (which apparently is one word?!), what is an aerodynamic personnel decelerator? A: a parachute.
Hello sunshine! Look forward to seeing everyone tonight at the TFOS Dinner!
I don't have a big head...
When no one else is watching. God is.
Life's too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love honestly and forgive quickly.
On the flipside, for every 100 recommendations from a brand, less than 0.5% of inbound clicks. Moral: BRAND ADVOCATES MATTER!
you are so adorable
A great guy is a great guy regardless of height. Great Guys are Rare and Deserve to be Appreciated.
Long rehearsal tonight but we're excited to perform for all the #kingsfans at open practice Thursday! Don't forget your unwrapped toy!
Hey! No I havent yet, I'm sorry. I've been busy working on some other projects. You can pass on me if you need or wait. Up to u
Looking for San Diego County Fair blue-ribbon winners. Do you make award-winning jam? Great homemade wine? Do you enter/win every year?
Loving this father daughter duo on AGT!
I concur. Lol!
caint wait for finals to end so i can just chill for a bit
Wait, you guys know each other too?
I bet you a nickel his campaign issues a statement late this afternoon that he regrets that the victim was upset.
I may not be a priest, but I can take you to the heavens, princess.
“: #Note: If ur in a Good n' Loving Relationship> Protect it.”
2 goal lead at home is the worst lead in hockey
Thanks for the happy hour plug! It was so much fun to see so many smiling faces there.
America is either gonna start ww3 or end it , not both
Sounds good RT : Q9: fav chocolate: chocolate & peanut butter ice cream
glad you enjoyed it!
What do you have planned for your #mom today? Brunch, dinner, lovely gifts? She deserves all of it!
traveling light, then.
missin u like crazy today tia! rest in peace i love and miss you<3
Overdosing on is ironic
RT : Ladies you're in #NaturallyPretty feature today
well, if it's a fold out, then OK! haha. that would be awesome. I love that you live there. except I hate that it's far away.
Feelin good after the 1st week. 6 lbs down!
yeah it was a fake picture
ITS TIME the #colts are
dont know much about twitter just trying it out keeping up with lady gaga
Made it! I can see the stars. Gotta love that about the country.
3 months is too long!! we promise our new stuff is worth the wait
Please nice weather stay with us, we love you!
#NUAN at 52 week high. Great pick. What's next??
to which replied, "I've never SEEN the projects..."
Saw a dark blue Lamborghini rolling down Collins in miami. Plate: GTL . Then I ride up to check the driver....yup. The situation
sushi Thursday?!?!?!?
Wow, great pic. Hope you love twitter as much as I do! You probably won't follow as many librarians tho.
Join us tomorrow night for Art, Cocktails, Flowers and more! 1165 13th St. Boulder From 5:30-9pm We would love to see you!!!
bout to leave my house for class now!
You should come see a show at #Stage773 too!
Good luck to our president at his presentation the Entrepreneur class!
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end. -Thomas Troward
It's a beautiful car! My brain says 1958 or so ....
yea very quick nip. Heading back now. Game tonight is going to be really good. Better than last week.
I'm getting ready to go to sleep.
Roger Goodell is dishing out the bear hugs at the draft.
im so ready for this trip!
whats a promise? Yeah promise:) loll
bring em, don't FORGET!!!
Did you have any other choice?? RT : Looks like I'll be a doctor!!
what's the name of it?
I try to stay aware of all my wounds to make sure I'm healing them on my own and not making my child feel responsible for healing them.
.....just realized I didn't get any girl scout cookies this year...I'll be missing my Tagalongs- Peanut Butter Patties.
Plan to attend the Awards Ceremony and Reception today at 4:15 & 5:30!
I'm about to treat z's like Pokemon, gotta catch em all
An inordinate passion for pleasure is the secret of remaining young ~ Oscar Wilde
Thx for new follows!
Demo Final Cut Pro X at the Foundation Room, 333 N. Oregon at 11am Sunday-- then head to the Plaza for "Dumbo".
I guess tonight's the night everyone's upset. 😔
Is David Stern a descendant of Adolph Hitler ?
Hope all has been well for you. Any follow-up to my March enquiry about joining as a Service Officer? Many thanks!
i mean he nice kuz he from my city ahaha
inviting my friends from facebook to visit us a happy famuly artist in Twitter, come Twitt my game...
how do so many people die in bathtubs? i haven't taken a bath since 1987.
Looks like it's going to be a long night
She is just amazing! I would love to be her tonight.
Thanks doll face!!:) RT : awww I like your new head shot
Miller Or Diaz?
when you come back to NY can you have like a free meet and greet or something? i miss you! </3
Last night to party before Spring Break ends!
No matter what it looks/feels like. I must stay strong!
just being the strongest man in maine in addition to the most interesting. Hows life in maryland, aka bruin country?
I love Baltimore but man... The Bmore accent is one of the worst.
Turmoil Street Team Coming Soon!
Not only is Barack Obama spiking the football, but he is doing a traditional Kenyan dance in the end zone. Awful.
Sad day for the state RT The State Board of Higher Ed unanimously voted to fire Richard #Lariviere effective Dec. 28.
past few days have featured me and my headphones for hours on end.
Time to clean!
Ya!! I killed all of mine, becuase they wouldn't shut up when i was sleeping. hahaha
OMFGIMMA CRY (': my baby 's song is so AMAZING <3 (':
Twitter is much better than Facebook, where people are spending less time these days. Much less garbage here.
How do you express yourself?
hand it over dude.
When is Stuart Holden's projected return date? Does he try to leave Bolton if they get regulated?
What experience you have, where you want to go, how grad school fits in, and what xyz Univ can do for you.
thank you sir.
We've all had our nights, don't be so ashamed, I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know.
Sipping on peach ciroc wit two jays rolled up#in my zone ps.. Waiting for her to show idek think she gon come tho for real tho
Yeah, did consider cardiff have mates there but the venue looks dodge lol. What do u do apart from listen to drake ? x
Always gr8 talkn to an ol friend - Dale Galloway! Wish u all could know him. One of the most Christlike men I know. Like a dad!
Walking home in the rain is a mother fucking stress.
my brother from another tweet,,,how you been man?
Hungover and in need of some pizza. Stat
some dude with a fake profile to scare peeps away. Trying to say I was harassing someone. Apparently he's >18 posting dirty shit.
you're welcome #redheads glad I could spice up your night! Now support my friends & buy that single when it drops!
follow me!:) i have a tumblr:)
I want this phone now lik ive waitin a very long time
Just saw 's The Five Year Engagement with , hilarious (thanks for the screening tix )
lol, which one?
Maybe you're in the Twilight Zone or the Outer Limits. LOL
you are a caveman
Thanks to everyone who stopped by tonight. I'll be back for more tomorrow evening.
yes sir!
I wish I had an hour of you guys!
I want some candy.
A bunch!! I wish I had a Blog now as I have daily events this entire month! Freezers all went down tho so in crisis mode too.
So sick of dang #traffic!!! Ugh!!!
In anticipation of book 2, book 1 prices have been slashed. Email if you want the paperback for only $7 (or 2 for $10).
Um sure, I'll take it!
I JUST REALISED I AM 1 IN 3,033,167 OF THE FOLLOWERS OF AMAZING OMG Hes so famous.... and so much older than me! CARROTS! hehe
Your welcome! It's a very helpful article. I even shared it with my chapter !
great idea!
There's still upset #Bronco fans! Denver went from 2nd worst team, to the playoffs! Cheer up Denver! Things are getting better!
I gave an example that contradicted your statement. You had none to support it.
What does that even mean...? OH, they were cold..? HAHAHAHA. -__-
Match my job creating record Barack Obama
Whur you at??
bummer! My MIL tripped and hurt her foot...2 days later she went to the doctor to find out it was broke lol
S/o to one of the realest people I know
I'll be interviewing shortly with Actress/Entrepreneur/ TV Personality/Producer
WHERE THE MILL AT I GOT THAT REAL PACK SIT BACK JUST CHILL WE WHERE THE CHILL AT YOU HOT HEADS CHILL BACK
oh fuck ya we will. This is my favorite rays squad ever
nothing really just be random i guess >.<
Beautiful cool morning in Gruene, TX.
NSAID's like Motrin, Ibuprofen, Aleve, Naprosyn, Advil, and Celebrex have serious side effects. Do you know what they are?
yea, its a tumblr thing. Lol
For a very ornate building they made very bad choices in furniture.
lol!! its true tho! but u going have a good time in new york and theres cutes boys:).....in some places.
that's where you're wrong!
Bulls ya know
U so would have one u r the best I like everything u do plzz follow me I love u with all my heart <3
It's not what you do in the gym that's the most important it's what you do when your out of the gym that affects your results
1 shot, 2 shots...I'm gone!
Paradise was made for tender hearts; hell, for loveless hearts. Voltaire
Thanks for the mention!
Sometimes I wonder whats wrong with me and my friends (:
losing respect for every minute that hobag stays. Who skinny dips on national TV?
Thanks so much! I should add that another tool that some institutions for impact research is Scopus. Similar idea to JCR.
The game dev process: dudes in suits say, "Team, you have X months and Y dollars to make the game. GO!" Team says, "Yay!"
how much dey cost
I am completely amazed that more college students don't get hit by cars around UT. They totally don't look. At all.
My dads the best gave me a dub n the car to buy a bottle.. had a horrible morning #ThtsGudParentn :)
if your bored in class, go to www.aaron.tv and cam shuffle with other lifeforms!
hey I just noticed I was your first follower :o I'm just that cool.
Bask in bright thoughts.
Seriously, we're at church not the jersey shore. Its called modesty
Go Bucks
Which ward do you live in?
Somebody call the pretty bitches tho!
nigga you just farted , don't touch me !
so i light another cigarette too calm me down
That's great! :) RT : Just joined , good service, good people. Monthly massages here I come!
Hey :) how are you doing? I haven't talked to you since the.... 27th!! Hope to hear from ya soon :)
This is the unhappiest #MadMen ever.
can you post them in twitpic format ?
You & me both RT I am not becoming impatient
i wish i could have been in gaga's presence last evening or this evening...oh well i can keep dreaming. now all i can say is i hate comcast
Saw the pics from the Battle of the Bands, looked amazing! But here's the real question, who won?
Good morning ;)
Taco Shack for lunch, Stubbs for dinner. Happily eating my way through Austin
Any who fenna get ready to do my lil sis hair for her baby shower tomorrow
Afte all of my ex's have BROKEN UP WITH ME. They all begged me to be with them again. Haha
I live in Rochester,MN. YEP I know I hear it here.. SO much that I try to anticipate it and say it b4 they do..now thats FUN
Open your heart to him as you talk and ask him if he's open to figuring out how you both can get your needs met
but mine are all pretty boringg..
said it earlier in the year, fielding and baserunning not good enough for playoffs.
Get rid of all bitterness, rage, anger, harsh words, and slander, as well as all types of evil behavior. Ephesians 4:31
I love business books! Finished going through How to Win Friends and Influence People this week and starting on the E-myth Revisited. GREAT!
38% of Facebook fans hide your updates from their walls.
we're working on our website - going to have a feature tour, working customer examples, etc. very soon.
falsettos give me goosebumps...
common sense is not very common
Heading back to finish cleaning windows in St. Paul, Grand/Snelling area, then a bike ride while I'm in the area.
thanks! Bennie creates some pretty amazing pieces.
"Apology made to whoever pleases/still they got me like Jesus."
At mixx... Had to retweet my old tweet RT One big room full of real niggas and a bunch of bad bitches
ur welcome. Us mets fans have to stick together :)
Ate at Bumble Bee's then are gelato!Have a great DAY!
- I love the quotes from students. How did you set this activity up? (I apologize if you've gone over it already!)
"ballerinas as weiners now that's a powerful metaphor! That speaks words to people!"
“: I love my spring floppy hat from and so much I am going to wear it right now, while working in the kitchen :P”
Nights like tonight >>
Pray for those you love, and pray for those you want to learn to love more. . .
nice working with you today
NIGGA,I grew up fast,grew up fast.Im just a young vegas nigga,chasin that cash !
one boy, two cups. What? I like frozen yogurt.
I tend to agree with Jacob's view that less is more and I've been pleasantly suprised by the font variety.
Skyping with da bestie, and wishing that I could be with him in the STL.
there 3 sides to a story , my side , your side && the truth .
Trying to stay prayed up
Happy Valentine's Day to all our family, friends and consortium members!
Have been in a total, helpless slump all day. I demand a do-over!
Baseball suspensions are so stupid. If you're going to suspend a SP, make it 5 starts, not 5 games. Also, how soft are baseball players?
thank you for the RT.
I think Superman more so than Spiderman. He is handsome, no room for argument there.
A Relationship WithOut Trust Is Not even a Relationship
Expose her via twitter lmao RT : I'll give sombody 10$ to shoot this ratchet girl at this table
#Dorsey, Electric Barracuda. Comic crime evil spawn of Carl Hiassen and Hunter S. Thompson, side-splitting in places, over the top in others
#funfacts about teeth: Each person's set of teeth is unique - much like their fingerprints - even in identical twins.
I finally have a horizontal drivers license, this feels very odd.
cleaning my room then beatin off ..... an by beat off i mean drumming with the band
This sounds more autotoned then t-pain lmao .
Dude did you text me ?
Loving this weather!! ☀☀☀☀☀ I should be getting tan instead of being in class
That alarm just did not have to go off :(. Good morning yall
Hey Mrs.Peaches..we r good? I will tell him u said hello? Hw are u and the beautiful grandbabies?
Milwaukee bound. Holla
Is it unambitious of me that there are only 3? RT Jot down the five things you most want to accomplish in the next 20 years.
Cities, no matter how historic, have become like cities everywhere.
We <3 beautiful days is having FLASH SALE: 20% off all purchases of $100+. Just in time 4 Mother's Day gift 2 yourself, perhaps?
great song RT : ♫ Listening to 'In The Sand' by 'Anouk' ♫
RT : Roses are red, violets are blue, happy Star Wars Day, May the Fourth be with you.
RT : 2 Great shows tonight w/ #killed!
Doing homework lol you?
Just made it back from the Blue ridge Mtns n it was incredibly dope....
wish ppl supporting ID laws were as concerned about weak link in balloting system: flawed integrity of electronic voting machines
Twitter wish... To have following this guy. #JustSayin #HopesAndDreams ; )
Just thinking....I would make a good psychiatrist hm
I didn't have a world worth living in until Sadie came into mine. #FollowFriday (via )
I remember the hot summer out there 1977 to 1998 but I see summer is a lot worse time for a rain dance
If the Magic are going to start to make moves, they should start at the top. Stuff rolls down hill if you know what I'm saying. Otis 1st.
no importa ! I always go to sleep at this time and I wake up at 530 :D
whatever helps right? ;)
Hope all my buds in Texas are safe.
Firehook Bakery savors the aroma of success by growing slowly!
I haven't heard a lactation joke that I didn't like.
Lol lol he just said ok call HER.....LIKE Really.....
What?! “: Reports saying that former #Dolphins linebacker #Junior Seau has died after being involved in shooting in So. Cal.”
Great win. We lost focus late Q3 but got back in the game like champs! #GoLakers!!!!!
the miami flops
Reason #1 to NVMe: We start the fight then finish the fight and you get kicked out the club
God made us sisters; Prozac made us friends
Got all my bro's behind me.
I am still learning ~ Michelangelo
Lies. Never such a thing. RT Too much. Too much vagina.
Music written in conjuction with books...and a movie in the making? :) (ok, music.)
Yeah, I read most mags now on my tablets. Still get Smithsonian in the mail and love it.
Ideal meal for a two year old: old goldfish crackers found in car seat, nice tall glass of soapy bath water
lol I was getting ready to buy all 3 of your plugins and your site went down for upgrades :/
You are an example of better things to come.
You got me with that one. Hope you're having a great trip.
Mayweathet's best round
Got an interest letter from ODU.
I saw him at the yellow rose earlier.
Veras time....hold on tight #brewers fans.
One benefit of being at a predominately male sports conference. No line for the ladies room and a really long line for the men's.
I'm not comfortable being around people I don't know , I don't speak I just look at them like who tf are you .
What Britney Spears? That pisses me off.
Fabulous kudos to you for organizing an amazing week+ of events! Enjoy the vino : ) Cc
music . cleaning . bby in bed . Jersy Shore . Birthday in Less then 3 hours .
you will trust me
In a matter of 20 seconds Mark Zuckerberg friended me, poked me, blocked me, then tweeted the finger to me.
Out of it
Thanks FullFrame for your continued support ~ Chico
Mind ya own and you live long
"That screenwriter needs to spend a week in a crawl space!" - #TooMeta - and the Devers! - an awesomely executed episode of
Oh jeez. Now she has to hire me.
What's the next project, you ask? Clicker training the cats.
new titles, new subjects
i think i dated that guy
Only takes one to slip and make the sparks fly!
hey random question, do you know of any good 2D animators in the Seattle area?
Dear Mom, thank you for not raising two idiots. Both of your kids have made it through 16 without kids. And we aren't morons.
tired of feeling this way.. 
Dear Sleep, I know we had our trubbles when I was little. But now. I love you.<3
Rock On Girrl. No more red heals this time! Thank you for the message! please follow back...
looking fwd to seeing you! If the 12th doesn't work for M maybe another night works?
can't speak for everyone but lately I've been selling btwn 50 and 100 A DAY.
Lol i jus watched a old flick i made n... she said uh uh i cant take nomor... lol
I'm currently learning a valuable life lesson, it's titled: "Tequila"
The May revised budget has great news for schools. Let’s hope this means that school funding is once again heading in the right direction.
Gonna put you on double secret probation.
Looking forward to seeing #SMILEcon supporter at
I need to diet with u lol
Seeking Sales Hunters you out in the market who enjoy creating , recruiting new sales and new business leaders. click link call me http://
Thank God for the awesome life He has given to me! great wife, super cool son, a wonderful church family & the chance to be in bible college
what was it?
lmao okay okay but your schedule just so hectic for me lol
Just landed. Will never fly with #TurkishAirline again. Never!
You can run unlimited free reports, might a good way to keep track. We have a free account where you can save your reports.
hey congrats on placing that's awesome.
lol, it might be. Ur a strong cup of coffee. But then, someone who overstands that aroma will approach u, smell me?
export #freebase data out with IDs and then in #gridworks reconcile by IDs - no fuzzy matching needed
I just wanted to say thank you to you and because you two have really blessed me this morning!Keep it up!\o/
Depends on the circumstances. Only been there a couple times, but saw families. Pretty tame place.
It is a tragedy that 's album hasn't been released yet.
Studio night!!! Puttin in work y'all!!!
Appreciate the mention in your article about IBM moving to Sugar. That was me who asked the question "Why did you chose Sugar"!
Hey Richard! We just got here; hope to see you soon!
perfect for at home moms...www.millionaireminds.org Free discount texts with an unparalleled opportunity attached
Somebody take me to see 21 jumpstreet please thanks!
thanks for the comments!
also- you're the one who actually bought it...
#ProLoveMarchATL is not a protest. Pro-Love March is a rally to promote peace, love, and unity.
“: lol. I told u. I'm trying to learn tho”no prob
Hah! I already had it open. Nice work!
How does my day get better just by you sending me a picture of a dead duck?
#FF horror film about to hit the festival circuit and my costars
How do you start & continue to facilitate discussion of erotic titles in book groups, help people past their shyness?
Not Pulitzer relevent, obviously, but relevent to the audience.
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou my friends, making weapon, and having kids in the future
Oh look! A miracle! He's coming back in!
thanks. Flights were good. Now the drive begins. Wish me luck!
Why is it politicians and society use the term Christian so loosely? Being a Christian is someone who follows Jesus, Son of God. Obama? LOL
I've seen it in the app store. But until I saw ur pic I wasn't into it. Nice job! I'm getting it now
oh alright lol
off to that doctor my mom wants me to see. For a strep test I have white bumps in my throat and its sore :( prayers!
Going to spend the night with my boy >>>
Oh, well that's cutting-edge journalism right there. :)
Thanks, new followers! Have a great weekend!
"If you are going to be innovative, you have to participate" Great breakfast session with Adobe
The police chief is stepping down.
Be careful with your body. I say switch weights or take a swim.
yes I have on both. Amazing so down to earth.
whats going on in ATL? I have that pic of you here somewhere! LoL
I still have no bedroom or kitchen, but The Art Plant is fully functional! At least I have my priorities straight!
good catching up with you!
TGIF! Stop in for our delicious Louie's Demise beer battered cod or walleye fish fry!
mine's done May 16, and I'd love to come but Centre Socialists are pretty much dead, not much interest at Centre
Teeth cleaning and then great lunch with my buddy Brent - back to work!
just leaving now! Played Chameleon last night
My morning is going great so far!
Hit up Great local artist! : DC Artists! We need you for a mural collabo w/ for a new location...
great choice! we know you'll love it. RT: bought a piece of yours on excited to get it!
I love Cody :) I talk to him on fb all the time ..
Left work early hoping I would miss some of this stupid traffic! Fuck!!
Every song is funny if you sing it in an Arnold Schwarzenegger accent.
Thanks for coming, man.
rest before work won't hurt right?!
#sahd. Any of you teach your kids sign? Squeaks know about 20 #asl signs
RT : An American Draft Dodger In Paris
mhmhmhmhmhhm wonder how these guys can eat so frekin much?!?!?!
I have 399 followers! Who will be # 400? It's
Tonight I continue my movie marathon leading up to The Avengers. Iron Man 2 is on the docket.
i'm gonna go bungee jumping without a cord
Thanks for the RT, Doug! Hope you're doing well. Let me know if you decide to run for President!
Did it really just hail in Miami today? What
I bet your friend Lisa peed her adult diaper.
Ugh, I hate that one. For me its kinda like death row. Bring on the hangman because I'm no longer scared of the dark!
well my birthday is in 20 days so :P
We should order some hit wings for the game.
offensive foul game over
Lunch Dessert - CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
Have food of some sort on my jeans...weird...
Best things are worth fighting for.
if you have access to a .edu email address you can get it for $40, but otherwise I think it's $80 a year
what time is the map pack gonna come out Tuesday?
Those girls on "My Super Sweet 16" that get pissed when daddy buys them the wrong car. B*tch, I don't even have a bike.
Good audition today, shooting a short tomorrow and sunday! What a week!!
Im a little drunk on you, and high on summer time <3
The Vandals totally punked the Visigoths. No one commits acts of visigothism anymore.
Underneath our roots are tangled and buried deep. When the leaves have fallen from the trees, do we grow together entirely?
Bad #karma for #Capitals as #Rangers score less than 2 minutes in. Brad Richards makes it 1-0.
By age 12, 1 in 4 girls has experienced street harassment. By age 19, 90% of women have experienced it. Unacceptable!
Last day of #FGS2010. Ran late for my first session, so am hanging out in a rocking chair until the exhibit hall opens.
The kindest word is an unkind word unsaid..Say a prayer for the Child of GOD. Whitney Houston the LORDS Hears all things.
Life Lesson: When a boy can sweet talk you perfectly...chances are, he is experienced. (Look before you fall)
NIALL i have a question..!
Congratulations #AdeleAwards for your big win tonight. You certainly deserve it. Cheers! , ,
Didn't do my homework for mrs.traynor
Thanks as always : )
happy mothers day legs!
Don't you think he ment bro's before Hoes. "Yes but I didn't want to offend the Hoes" LOL :D
looking into it now. Was too late to book the donut tour. Just asked a friend to join the t-shirt making. Done it yet?
I think the #HEAT can still get to the finals without bosh. If #LeBron keeps playing the way he is. Big day tomorrow for heat fans! #KO time
you got this lady. Give kisses from me.
please follow she is you biggest fan!76
Write Oregon's U.S. Senators to encourage them to support the Education Jobs Act.
I Blame It On Da Model Broad Wit Da Hollywood Smile
yes they do
The message you spread resonates with our political group in Pittsburgh. Health care in America needs reform
I need to get out of here lord im sick of this country ass Virginia
Guys, go follow because i said so thats why
(YOU'RE A BLESSINGF FROM GOD TYRESE MOST PEOPLE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE GHETTO KIDS..THANKS GOD FOR SOMEONE LIKE YOU
It was WELL worth the wait my friend just to see you at the end !!! Thanks for coming out to #UCFArena!!
Found a poem about and dedicated to Claudius Buchanan in a 19th c. American missionary magazine.
Payton also left his Cal profile pic up for awhile after verballing to UW. I got 3/2 odds he transfers from UCLA.
Thank you! I'm following & checking out ur webpage!
You're correct, that IS the best part.
I touch and agree with u on that
Excited to be working on new advocacy project to build capacity for food policy wk tied to "food as medicine" & other progs.
I just send my email
When used very carefully, it can be quite tasty, but most places just dump the stuff on. And some ppl are totally allergic...
Thanksgiving is coming up this week. Just remember, viruses don't take holidays off. BE VIGILANT. And eat turkey.
Does crew from "60 Minutes" get to stand behind President Obama at STOCK Act signing ceremony? They at least should get a pen.
#BTW You have beautiful eyes, and your hair smells like cinnamon.
#mplsnudecpl is now hosting the chatroom for Desire 2011. Message him for an invite!
TEDGlobal 2012 Fellows Applications Opens Tomorrow!
Now the men tell their stories about supporting the women of Sunhara! #menforwomensempowerment!
To All my Twitter Friends! Happy MOMs Day to You & the MOMs in Ur Life! May U EnJOY all the Special MOMents today! {MomHug} Love Ya :)
Life is a series of occasions and to live each, would be to succeed.
Why do they have to be on a nick show. It kinda brings down their coolness😞
I always forget to do the little things
love comfort food come check out the Rancho Bernardo dishcrawl. Comfort food it is:-)
oh, go ahead and dress up! What do I know. I can't even spell it. LOL!
me either but I got hooked and saw them all wish it was still on “: parts...never interested me that much”
Difference between residential and business service from Time Warner: service tech onsite in less than 2 hours.
haha yea :)) i'de rather go to paris thought rather than NY haa :)
is cool
In the 1928 men's single sculls, the Australian champion was unexpectedly delayed by a family of ducks. After pausing to let them pass...
you had to cut up in chachos like that?...lol...thanks for ur support
Super inspired after our trip to NYC!! Look forward to our 2 new shows in 2012!
#InSchool teachers say that they're trying to help us.. but all they mean by that is ANYTHING to get us in trouble ..
Why are toothbrushes so expensive? The markup on these things has to be about 4000%.
So good
ARE NOW ALL TRUE "PAKALITES"
how's my song comin?
Ida FTW! RT Retro Mad Men Playboy Covers – The Ladies of Madison Avenue bit.ly/pRmWNh
“Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” Goethe
Tomorrow is Christmas eve! I can't wait!
I can't wait to see . Legit on some
Maybe that was only to enhance my own thinking so I make sure I can always explaine what I'm saying even if I dnt get it while writting it
I've got ya covered!!
Three cheers for fed. appeals court striking down Prop 8 -- and upholding human rights!
ah!! That is not the I married!!
It was so hot here earlier, now I got the windows open and it says it's 69 degrees.
my Mom is here spoiling me!
lol think I've seen him in the clubs he's on my bros list
Happy Birthday America!
The hell you say! RT : Never thought I would say this, but I am happy it isn't football season. Homework takes up all my time.
Going big in new York. Chasing Jaymeson with pickle juice. It was actually really good
shits going down then cause that puppy is mine!
this is why i dont listen to lil wayne
haha No doubt about that man. :)
When I get home I'm gonna marry the night with I'll bring sparklers.
i'm hip! we should be trendy friends together over there...
lmao , i miss you bitch !
Civil war in Oregon... Herat game so far..
Children are... by nature... hackers. (Seko)
I have hot sauce...
Today was my day off from dialysis. And jimmy spent the day with the car shop, aunt Jo, fred, and knoc. He has no respect for his wife
I could eat off this Jambalaya for a week.
Uproar as Bolivia Military Action Incurs into Brazil - Fox News
Mr 4th and Ryan need to step up baby!
My first New Year's eve was so much fun! I got to stay up way past my bed time! Happy 2012!! What do you hope to do this year?
Sure is. We need to stick together. Inspire one another. Can't ever have too much inspiration in this business.
chicken noodle soup chicken noodle soup let it rain pour it out#the craziest dances that these people come out with i use to be hitting it
knowing your friends are upset and you can't do nothing to change it, is just the worst feelings.
Don't miss Orchestra 2001's Fun(d)raiser- "Take Our Musicians Home"!!! Starting tomorrow 3/19!
Not sure but will let everyone know as soon as we find out :) RT : when does Claw open?
Thoughts after last night: Hmm I really want to marry a Columbian haha
NO my friend got me sick 
WOW!!!! Clippers down by 27 points at one point... and close out the game on a 28-3 run to beat the Grizzlies.
thanks for the RT!
I'm live - let's let loose. ZenLive.tv
Give me a few days. I will comment on all.
Thank you Kate Volpe and Christina Myers.
Hey People Please Follow Me! Stand Grand. Live Life To It's Fullest.
Gettin my car washed...love the little things in life
Got the studio set up new songs comin soon stay tuned
Liriano walked three of the first four batters he faced tonight. Good grief. ....Heard it was nice weather, though.
that is right - US only
would love to. It might take a while and a lot of contact
I just had one!
CHAPC will be sending a letter of support to designate a "Little Saigon" on El Cajon Blvd from Highland to Euclid
Love it! ": How dare the Vikings steal Don Shelby's thunder.”
What a crazy day...
SUMMER BASH 2011!!!!
On Brewster streets, Just gotta keep it real and never fake G's!
5 RTs anyone? :) Tweet me first. c;
It took me longer than I would like to admit, but I finally have a nice quick Geek Fight demo. Time to test it out before the con!
The first eating 'fad' we are going to try with him is paleo and we will see how that makes him feel
agreed big time, I am in the wait and see camp, and I have a good feeling going into this year, no more antiquated scheme!
it's beautiful down here in San Ysidro. Doing the same thing!
And I just really would like to sleep.
I know what it's like to be nowhrere
did you see that dude bunny hop Cavendish at 35+ mph....bad crash but holy bike handling skills batman.
Yea those jeans just set me back a couple C notes.
If you've rebelled and turned away from what you know is true, turn back to God--He will forgive ; He waits to pardon you. // Sper
love it!!
No. I've stayed on the sidelines. These days, I'm wary of anything X-Men related coming out of Marvel.
how come isnt in any of the 'Ford Music Videos' ..?
Trust me that's more exciting than my weekend. Just got the Spurs game to watch!
Ha! "Several archivists...declined invitations to repeat history and leak the full version of the Pentagon Papers to The Times."
♬ Happy Birthday Elsberry Hobbs of the Drifters "Save The Last Dance For Me" No.1 Hit among many others ♬
okay guys cya tomorrow everyone night !!!!! luv u all
shut the hell up face
I can walk in my heels again yay knee injury getting better yay
wus good my g im live on ustream
To take a practice GRE in three weekends or not?
Nice. You should read the book on the same kinda night.
fuck everyone else, i need to help myself once in a while.
I lied.
we do not, but that's a great idea. do let us know if you find anyone who can do that!
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
a dream is wish your heart makes
finally getting around to cutting #soundeffects I recorded in DC last fall...
that would explain his absence on the news
What you know about champagne every night !
You coming to DC?
wow videos are fucked up! haha
#railsconf keynote summation: don't be a wussy, accept change
Aw whose pretty hand is that
hey Ariana!!! How are you doing?
Forgot what it feels like to be sore after lifting.
so true, NFL draft would be awesome
It's Official.. your never going to notice me.. -_-
Im going to say this, Your twitter is the greatest account ever. It has completed my life. I love it. :)
Official Tweet from Mark A. Nash (whatever that's worth!)
maria blushes Everytime we talk about you :)
Research into top 220 NIH & NSF grant recipients shows only 38% have institutional data policies/guides.
#oomf is a cute asian dude <3
Trying to kill a fly that keeps disappearing.
U.S. Green Building Council – Illinois Chapter Emerald Awards in ...
What are y'all up 2?
Hello #SmallFrySoldiers ! How are you? Tweet me! :)
My boy gone grow up be just like me
just found an old stack of magazines hidden under the bed from about 7 years ago....interesting hiding place
couldn't agree more. I knew I loved u for a reason!
is was a pleasure to watch you in the UK Blue. Best of luck at the next level
My chicken was to hard to cut!!.lmao!!
Uh, have you seen 3d tv? It's amazingly dumb and worth it!
Im so depressed now ugh !!!!
RT : Changing nationalities for competitive Olympic reasons makes a mockery of the games. Go, temporary countryman, go!
Crap. Now THIS is what I call #MarchMadness! Loving that Duke has fallen to Lehigh (wherever the heck that is) Congrats Mountain Hawks!
Hey Twitter: I need my lawn mowed by tomorrow afternoon. Of course, I am paying. Anyone out there need some work?
If My band played a show in three points would anyone comee? O:
Being sick is seriously stupid. Hate.
Anyone interested in going to Haiti on January 21st-30th on a volunteer mission. all is covered except for airfare. let me know.
Both were thoroughly enjoyable! RT: compare & contrast- 2 fine OTHELLOS are in your midst- and
me too😒
y even reply doe Dats stupid
GUN SHOW THIS WEEKEND! SAT & SUN 12TH & 13TH ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS IN THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING. NEW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE.
it's never too soon to leave work and head out for a beer, esp. if you have completed to do list just say you have a meeting.
How do I breathe without you here by my side...<3
dang what they say ?
love the picture!
what part of the A
Could Beltran be in Giants-town by day's end?
you still in Trenton kidd
Used the NY Times look-up tool of "moribund" & the definition ("on the verge of becoming obsolete") page has an Obama ad. Analytics fail.
crowd seems to be in agreement that every foul against okc is an event...
$S.B.S.E$ A big unity
Thanks for the follow Chris - hope all is well.
“: Kukumiss nayo, sigh... When am i coming to Boston??”- Same here. Kuja Leo. Bado mapema
Nets G Anthony Morrow scored a career-high 42 points in loss vs. Timberwolves
My gma asked my kuzzo how his weed brownies taste, & dis nigga said 'the same wit lil leaves' lmaooo
b/c my glasses && b/c ur mean to me lol
Exactly. :) Had the pleasure of seeing both bands in the same year--that was a good year.
My favorite UK dunk of all time? 's throw down on UL's Nate Anderson in Freedom Hall with the dance at the end
I'm thrilled to meet you and look forward to working with you in the future. Email me and I'll send you the in VO info.
YOU CAN SMELL JUICY FRUIT GUM FROM A MILE AWAY.
Brewers are about to come back against the Braves!
I should tell you I'm excited about playtime tomorrow. That's all.
Still going. My current distance is 3.65 miles. Current song is Inside Out - Eve 6
A monsoon is a French gentleman. (Somehow I always suspected)
what do you think now? Raise the debt ceiling and shoot for the lower right corner? BO is tweeting the game!
What up coder hows it hanging?
as good as the 4 cheese cheez it's
not if it's not too tight. They don't need like aired out lol they don't suffocate.
Okay, so some things are free, but why, oh why would you try to FIX #instagram on America's Friday night...or Indonesia's Saturday??
drunk much bro? haha remember the days when we use to kick it? I'm moving back to NoVA Saturday, let's chill sometime!
Ok y'all I'm hungry but no clue what I want to eat
Sometimes I feel hurt when im working so hard ..... And not getting heard ....GOD WILL LISTEN TO ALL UNANSWERED PRAYERS KEEPING THE FAITH
My apologies - will remove it.
RT Quench your thirst for history (& grab a bite!) City Tavern frequented by Washington, corner of 2nd St.
#nfl tonight...♥
well played
Also want to see Argo and Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter. Must read the book. Have a feeling some Southerners won't like it though.
Was really hoping A-Rod would walk. Love the odds with Cano. Huge win for the Royals
Thanks for the retweet. Sad that the Gophers aren't in the dance. I hope to see you when I'm back in Columbia April 25-26
so you know how i said "boys blowing up my phone" its not true its my mom :'} just saying casue im cool like that
Children come to the school from extreme poverty and our goal is to even the playing field to set them up for success in life.
Noticed National Geographic is blocking pin activity from Pinterest - instead other sites that put up their photos benefit from the images.
Damn you're sexy mama thanx for tha follow
I think that's it for the race.
Be sure to come out to the SPCA tonight to see all if the city's best food trucks, US and Carolina BBQ 3300 Falls
thanks for your donation! Will a L shirt work? If not, can refund the amt. Forgot to add to the donation post we're outta XL
This girl on #RepoGames said the current president is Bill Clinton. Lolz I'm done ctfu that is easy af.
If you're bored this weekend, play our awesome AR game: www.cannonballzthegame.com. I promise it will entertain you for some time :-)
Will Haley be the quickest firing in history, after a AFC West Championship title?
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. ~Ogden Nash
do it! Come on over!
we wish him the best.
Visit us today and drive home in a new Acura! Special Financing available! www.montanoacura.com
the proceeds from the raffle will go to help the Smoot family Fund. Just wanted to share that awesome news with you! Thx
Aw man.....thanks James! You took beautiful pics and made me look like I was doing something! LOL
RT : We would like to officially announce that Rock The House has won Best Entertainment and Best Technical Support......
Launch Party - April 27 6pm-8pm @ Bodega, 3116 M St NW. Drink & app specials. A portion of the proceeds benefit Avon Breast Cancer Walk.
Woo... your coming to Orlando??
Has "at this pace" guy chimed in yet for Pujols' total? “: Albert Pujols is now only 11 homeruns behind the much better...
I just left volunteering at the animal shelter
I dont like that RedHead Chick .. S
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
please stop showing Bynum's injury, it's making me sick to my stomach and im even a Lakers fan.
what do you do when someones having a seizure in the bath tub?.......throw in a load of laundry.
And you know what is a bigger challenge? Running a bilingual blog!
spiraling forward & upward into the warm loving breeze... today is wonderful
We're at some type of #FollowLimit, but don't worry those of you we haven't #FollowedBack yet we will get ya when we can
is so mean!!
DNS is not Domain Naming System (0.33), it stands for Domain Name System
RT : RT : : Dem's environmental caucus backs suit against SANDAG transportation plan...
Downtown at hooters watching the #PacersPlayoffs with and
Get your ass in the car!!! Oh and if you get red wine, I'll pay you back. Xoxo
you were the last good thing about this part of town.
Those people in your life that never change, only get older <3
RT : A3: We issue a press release posted on our website as well as one for National. We tweet out winners as we go along too.
": Pac-Man Namco's 1979 arcade game was originally called Puck Man." hihihi" lol PacMan Should be called puck Lol
Congrats to member Betty Long for her appearance on Dr. Oz today! Way to go Betty!
Well! RT : I learned as a mother that there's nothing more revolutionary than love!
“Who are you? How can you be sure? What if you’re not who you think you are? What if you never were?” - Julian Barnes via
i dont know why i care so much...
the ending still hasnt been written yet...and the previous history isnt in their favor.
I think I've misplaced 7th Avenue.
-__- well my statements still remain. Just not towards u then lol
it keeps messing up for some reason! O think its because I changed my name.
Danny Houston > Those who are not Danny Houston
Love watching Paul Peirce play. The athleticism is long gone which proves the game is 80% mental and 20% physical.
I love late night sushi
Portland hit 84 today!
um your welcome, why do you feel that way
i hate people so fucking much.
I'm pretty sure birds' goal in life in to poop on my car every single day.
Smiling. Ditto.
thanks buddy. :)
"Ask & it will be given to u, seek & u will find, knock & the door will be opened to u." So blessed by encouraging friendship!
OK. Last time I'm changing my twitter name I promise. I'm now
Texting somebody who can keep a convo >>
Make sure to say hello to fellow Northcrester at the Fattycakes Handmade booth while at today!
haha I am! And you too! :D
heading to detroit in a week! feels like 8 mile haha
i thought you loved school
Church Deacon w/3 rental homes, pocketing rent, not paying his mortgage. Homes go into foreclosure, making renters homeless. Who does that?
Don't worry about your body. You're already a beautiful person <3
thank you; I will soon!
That awkward eye contact me and Arbri keep giving each other <<<<<
A teen is som1 who can hear a lay gaga song from 3 bloks awy but cant hear there mother callin from the nxt room xD
Is anybody at the Rave watching the fight and is it crowded
Happy Birthday to our very own Kevin Campos!!
“: #TeamHoyas My Baby Got Into Georgetown Today :D” congratulations!!!!!
Diabetes battle tough for teens; arthritis, anxiety linked - USA TODAY USA TODAY Diabetes battle tough for teens; arthritis, anxiety link
You can't complain about what you tolerate
Sorry dudes but that dog looks like a monster slug.
that makes way more sense.
Drake - Fear >
it was great meeting you this weekend at ! When you're back in Chicago for a bit lets get together!
Yeah, not quite what my mom would want for Mother's Day.
look forward to hearing all about it
#CBmore over river and through the woods! Just pulling up to Thumel Center!
Be honored, you're the only FSU player I could ever tolerate kickin ass against Miami. Glad you're doing great, you deserve it
Only a month till #dhsi2012! Holy crow - so much to do!!
very sad. EMP's are our future
Crossed a giant milestone yesterday. Announcement soon - but the distance between you and pro video just got a lot shorter.
yea, I love her very much (:
I just discovered 2 new lion related accounts - and Nothing makes me happier!
NO COUNTRY FOR YOUNG WOMEN is a multimedia project striving to connect women across generations & nationalities on career topics.
Definitely, We will try to get a group together to see #bluelikejazz this April 13th. You can come with us! I am reviewing too!
hii im jaids ur storys are like the best i love them
All the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies...get your ice cream out ;) Wahoooo! <3
U GONNA TRY TO MAKE IT
RT RT I wonder who would care if I died and who would pretend to.
I`Dont Know How Im Gnna Sleep Tonight "/
Pretty blonde.
Awesome speaking with + #Inspire #SF event last night. Can't wait for the next one!
haha your sister has good taste in music!!
Thanks for your sweet tweet!! We missed you, and there were so many Reality Bites-esque costumes. So fun!!
It's official dudes, Kristen (who fell asleep while I was brushing my teeth) finished all the brookies. Sorry, :((
Watching Best Ink with Viggle 4/10 | 10PM | Oxygen Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You're in! Bring propane tanks for decapitating zombies (and grilling)
That's good. And right now I'm waiting for MRI results to see if I tore anything else other than my MCL.
Don't be pissed because I can't help you on your time table
RT Finally, respected scholar Larry The Cable Guy has his own History Channel show.if only Ke$ha could win her 1st Pulitzer
hey thanks for the follow..i have a line called HighStandard that i would love to get some feedback on
why do Europeans put euro in front of every other word?
Jus saw sum boushy chick use a napkin to fill up her gas tank -__-
We are going to have ups and downs but I'm still going to be right by your side(:
Right here. Is there anything better to do on a fall Saturday then to become part of your couch?!
made my morning!
So glad honors young women Devon Barnhart, Tessie Abraham, Elizabeth Kelsey Nevitt,& Jaclyn Zimmerman w/ 2012 Staffer of Year Award
now speaking on museum tours and the mobile web
I love #YogaGlo! :)
when I have a six pack and I'm beautiful like the rest of you guys. So. Prob never
omg me too... Not sure how many pages I'm actually handing in tomorrow. But hey at least it'll be something, right?
you should follow its very
Haha don't worry !
Looking forward to having a little fun with the Howard Gospel Choir at gospel brunch. I hear the 2 shows are sold out.
Happy almost St.Patty's day! If you are in the southdowns area tomorrow, stop by and check out the construction progress!!
"Incomplete" is an understatement.
it's gonna be a lot of work. Like night school and do that English boot camp and pass English final and pass gov't.
No way!!! #Gophers, you can't lose it now...let's go!
Thanks ---spread the word!
Cool! Love the maps, too. We followed and will repin!
Happy Thanksgiving from your friends at Fujiyama!
Celebrity Jeopardy is SO not a challenge. Sheesh....
New business coming soon !!
I love Jordan
There are people who would deal with the IRS, and have even tried, but were unsuccessful
when baby is engaged he is solid, but most of times not, he can kill us. Bass mayb wont win us games but he wont hurt us either
. says is like a Paris cafe -- you can read Sartre while simultaneously cuddling a puppy!
About to catch and at Yoshi's!
hey there- we were invited by Kevin :)
BABY BOSH PARTY: Inside Heat Star Chris Bosh ’s Wife Adrienne ’s Cutesy Baby Shower
your picture is oh so attractvie
Sometimes you just have to shake your head. And drink heavily.
lmao! That is terrible...and sort of funny in a of course Abercrombie would do that, black people don't shop there kinda way
<string of expletives deleted>: just spent $160 on ONE textbook.
#billboards2012 sounds like a blast!
Mari gt All in her videos n shit
NWQ GRIND BOLD is Nicaragua Don Zeledon
eh, it's not bad. Just gotta finish my interviews so I can finish this chapter
What a great weekend.
Tho we didn't get to hang in NYC... always #ACTIVATE s me. #FF all week, #FF all day... Cuz the queen of TNGG's comin' your way.
Get back to campus safely, ! GERMS will be back in service Tuesday night. 202-687-4357, put our number in your phone
You don't get the full benefits of exercise when you box it into 1 hour a day. Integrate it into your entire day and feel the difference!
Finally caught up on sleep. Now to catch up on everything else.
I wish someone wanted to chill.
Killed the worlds most wanted man Osama bin Laden
- Prague??? Did you get deported?
I will treasure the memories! But hopefully you'll be fine! :)
Happy birthday !
I can just see Alex and Tiger Woods getting drunk together at a hotel bar, lamenting how ugly their groupies are
Boy bye
Finally on our way!
BIG GAME thur night. Honey Badger don't give a s# about Oranges!
Ight Uk.....Lville is now on!!
“ If someone means a lot to you, tell them. People come and go, and missed opportunities turn into regrets.”
can't even spell "obviously"
thank you!
thanks for coming out! hope you got some goodies!
Agreed! I was worried I was missing something!
Indeed. RT : you are officially an idiot RT: I'm not a homophobe but this Girl Unit EP is just a little too gay for me.
Dropping out. Opening a Smoothie stand. Goodbye college.
He's in my death pool and he needs to stop staying alive.
Bout to rip my neighbors dogs vocal cords out.
Great, my stomach & throat hurts.
Were you on set with today?
oh yeah? haha. that's cool :) xx
haha she beat you up didnt she?
oh yes! What time are you free?
Take a break from the brews @ WBC (if that's even possible) and chow down on a Guinness braised bratwurst from
there really isn't an answer I can share.
You guys are the best, most creative terrarium designers of all!
lmao its marco Trust me
HAHAH omg julia u and fran are so fried...dude shes like a lobster right now.
Swiss chard frm our farm willow creek farm 4 chef's special 2nite: Chili rubbed short ribs, cheddar hash brown, black garlic butter.
Making paper balloons in class because I'm bored
hey Sarah it's Peyton idk if u member me
Konrad will still see time in midfield.
": #TeamBreezy is my Family!"
Existing home sales up 10% according to Bloomberg, Fed looks to further monetary easing Nov.3
a woman after my own heart :)
shit I bet hey are you following John kuan
checked to see if she's on twitter; alas, appears no. But she IS in my state, only a short ...er .. 4 hr drive :)
Come out tonight to Staten Island Comm. Cable and see Diverse perform Live on the Johnny P. Show! It's FREE!
fine film.
RT followed follow back ? (:
twitter champ
My bad ur jst Giants rite?
Is it illegal to mow a lawn at 7:30am? The people next door are animals.
beat down ya block knockin pictures off ya wall.
“: EST...yall do the damn thing everytime!!”
Sorry to hear this Brian! Hope it's nothing serious.
Boston Loves the show Pawn Stars!!!
My phone gets no typa love -_-
Just taught my last #pdxdms class – I've enjoyed every minute working with great people. It's been 8 amazing years!
What else would they be? I'm researching to make the best happen. Either you'll like 'em or you can push me out of your car.
Well the Munich final means even more now
being woken up by your neighbors lawn mower.
“: You have to be kidding me.”deja vu
Think I might leave a scathing voice mail for Burger King corporate telling them their new fries suck. Not okay.
Time to continue this journey around the world.
Bay Area Ranch Tour Demonstrates Importance of Private Lands Stewardship - PR Web (press release)
Hahahaha!!!! How far into it have you gotten?
Brought a jalepeno for lunch, not a good idea.
thanks for the #FF See you soon for a nice lunch and coffee. Hope you are enjoying this fine Seattle weather
Passion pain & pleasure
Happy birthday to my uncle and TRON himself !
Actors will rely on the others in the exercise, their own spontaneous emotional reactions to the exercise and responding behavior....
your welcome <3 :)
I don't know about anyone else, but 'Downton Abbey' has got me wanting to study abroad in the UK - either today or in 1913 :-)
I have had that exact same thought. If you find one, let me know.
Got munchies? Can't move? ....btownmenus.com has all your answers! Check us out for exclusive meals, deals, and more!
And actually an Aussie living in the US... even weirder!
thanks, it was a good one nighter w the fam
Thankful for my family, friends, health, education, and that I'm fortunate to have a job that I actually love. Happy turkey week people.
In The Hospital -__- been sick for 2 weeks
I like Yeslin's new stylee c:
Who wants to win a free photoshoot in this contest ?!
Just landed a free spot to see perform at the #wiredstore tonight!! anyone wanna come with?
I'm working on a white paper & my section deals with social networking. Share what you can!
gonna make my mom some nice Chicken Alfredo for dinner :)
mental health is such a beast. People spend so much time chasing behaviors & wasting $$$ & time. Do u work child/adolescent?
Finally the sun is out for once.
Here in NY unions are not supporting teachers, good or bad. But the reformers love it that we are focused on unions!
Just found my old phone and decided to charge it. Then I looked through old messages from someone, and I can't help but smile. Urgggg! 😔
If you don't speak....I don't speak....
RT : MN leads the nation in concentration of jobs in book publishing w/ 8x more jobs than nat'l average
I have been getting that snow for the last two days non stop and it is suppose to last for a couple days longer
Justice Hamblen of the EWHC gives judgment in AstraZeneca UK Ltd. case involving exclusive jurisdiction clause: [2010] EWHC 1028 (Comm).
Just discovered the best app in the world that block text and calls
we don't practice Fridays it's mon thru Thursday
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can.
emoticon emoticon emoticon
I want to buy Jack Wills pink hoodie !! awesome thing -_-
22C5E74F add my pin tho :x
I mean, wouldn't it be annoying if a certain heroine of mine kept uttering "holy shitballs!" on practically every other page?
I like how your "Put Your Hearts Up" mv comes on after BIGBANG or CNBlue on #WOWFantasticBaby!!
Kinda what I figured. Thanks!
Girls that brag and yell out in a conversation "I have more guy friends than girl friends" are mostly the girls with no friends.
My big sister calling my lil brother Ralph (his name is not Ralph) is hilarious...love these two!!!
Thanks for making #ChickenandWaffles our top selling dish! How about Dutch style Chicken and Waffles with #gravy—no syrup?
Pacific Beach SURF Report: 2-3 ft + knee to chest high occ. 4 ft. POOR CONDITIONS
Sweden kind of owns the D-Beat thing, right? spotify:album:09rfki4xZZqGJXGnDTPs4m
Glad to see #Bruins getting some fight in them! Theyre starting to realize the importance of these games!
I ain't comin off my last name cuz I really can't take no stressin
"Challenges are what make life interesting & Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful!" - love the Golden Girls
Trey and I are back in the studio today making the bass and guitars all sexy. Can't wait to see you guys at Rocklahoma! -J
i just beasted my way out of a parking spot, no shovel necessary just get the hell out the way.
Outstanding job. So happy for your well deserved 1st star tonight. Panther fans love !!! Congratulations.
trying to decipher government acronym DCD
Want to see "The Making of" 'Circa MXII' & 'Wake Up'. I know a magician never reveals his tricks...but...
Melanie Amora won X Factor!!!
**Regular dudes w/office jobs made this site for group fitness challenges. Invite friends, log workouts, maintain standings here!
Single > Unhappy relationship.
Who's thinking dinner at Zarletti?
I'll take it
Noah never had a rainbow until he had the rain
Tasting the '07 "The Swagger" from Darby in Woodinville, WA. Very underrated wine area $ Darby is one of the best. Will be serving Saturday.
Happy madre's day! I love her so much. <3
you just need to grow up and be a big girl about the whole thing
;) hope see u soon
How do you expect a girl to play her part, when you’ve got another chick auditioning for her role? SMH
- if you don't find anything in Lawrence (yeah, right!), the LSR crew is meeting at Davey's Uptown Sat for Hearts of Darkness.
#46 Bro, God doesn't send you to a church to fill a position, He sends you to a church for a purpose, find your purpose!
They didn't want me...something about being "too liberal" for them... ;)
Grendell sets a hearing date for 330 pm tomorrow to hear media arguments over releasing court docs related to Lane's family.
Why the fuk would u want tht on facebook , u dusty dawg
YES RT : Pay my colleagues, pay me, pay us for our work! This is a form of violence; we will fight! ...
Stay here with me till the world catches up
Totally played outside today. Just like a kid. Climbed a hill. Picked dandelions. Chased butterflies. Saw a long SNAKE in the field. Cool!
The thing is, they always try to play it off and act like nothing is going on. Stupid. 2 can play that game.
i got two tixs but how u get VIP, my mom went on at 10am and didnt have VIP as an option?
You help me find my way back to the ground You are my eyes when i cant see When all the world is broken youll be everything good
HEY MICKEY!
very kind now will you pretend you hate us and treat us like fucking dirty please? #we'repussies
me! ": Im still lookin for a twitter wife....Anybody?"
thanks! Funny to see myself on YouTube.
thanks for the #ff John! hope the last weekend is full of twists and turns just as the season has been..have a great weekend bud!
Ugh too much crap to do today
Check out Nana Projects in Baltimore. They sometimes have classes and are SO aligned with community arts practice
since isnt texting me back... you tell me. when are you gonna be back? im leaving soon with
While Oregon State and University of Arizona play on the field, Benny Beaver and Wilbur T. Wildcat compete in the Challenge!
