just looking through London pics .. I WANT TO GO BACK!!! Trip round 2
Magician Landan Swank makes it through to AGT Final. Good, it won't be full of singers again. I usually don't watch past the semi-finals.
I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD
April 15 we are playing at The Triple Rock! Its for Take Covers final show.... And well be playing new songs!
God, please give me strength.
Guess I'm showing up to Monster's Arcade today.
Playstation 3 "Everybody Dance" at the Enrique Iglesias ft Pitbull concert was fun. On to the next booking!
Life is way too short! niggas is dying from bad health freak accidents and gotta worry bout these hating ass niggas tryna kill em!
Saints players looking at suspension? Coach gone one year. GM possible federal charges ? Drew Brees unsigned? Why punish the fans?
I am ready for tomorrow. I have a plan. And I accept that sometimes plans change! I am open to possibility.
I’m the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.
ARGH SWAP COUNTRIES i think so! annd i know!!! :) man tell me bout america
U r a-w-e-s-o-m-e, what does that spell?...it spells u did it..u really did it, yeah...u fu**in did it..u really did it...u fu**in did it.
GOP Rep. Bob Gardner says separation of powers and legislative powers at issue here, not just school funding.
I don't give a fuck about his stupid profile picture now
congrats!!!! Texas will miss you! and I will have to come visit you our next trip to NYC.
Bye Bye #Flyers. Love, The Pittsburgh Penguins.
it's my favorite inbound marketing movie!
this game is driving me nuts! Flying to Denver to save the day!
Awesome, felder is the man.
Just bought a bike from at #namny Can't wait to bike to work tmrw. Thank you Patrick! Everything about my bike is lovely.
did u see it!?? Whooa baby i love Tony Sparks.
You'd think after your millionth speeding ticket, you would stop speeding.
My friend Ranjan says that Hillary Clinton is perfectly understandable as a combination of Tracy Flick and Tonya Harding
As an advocate for injured workers, I hope to shed a little light on the issues in Wisconsin worker's compensation law.
not only that but he's fighting people NO ONE has ever heard of!!
If u didn't know, UFC 145 Jones vs Evans tonight 10pm east coast 7pm west coast. Now u know!!!
Cosmo poll reveals women find men who write paragraphs about The Avengers sexually irresistible.
well...haha. When I follow someone, I want them to follow back (: lol. But yeah..u guys r cool (:
heeyyy!! Follow me too please!!
FYI March is frozen food month and there will ridic sales at your local grocery
What u gone be on ???RT : Out south for a day or 2
this family member was able to confirm my census findings, and found out more info about my gg grandfather... #genealogy is so worthwhile..
Brenda Song hasn't strayed away from ABC... Sorry thinking like an actor.
Melo is the difference maker -- if he has a monster game, they're in it. Anything short of that, even w/ Lin, is a loss.
Waitin On Breakfast....
I dislike zaxbys RT : Just came from there lol RT : I want some Zaxby's
Please follow me it would mean so much to me for you to follow me I look up to a lot :)
It goes quite well! I see you're in California. Where abouts?
Niggaz starting to HATE on #YOLO jus because they ain't come up with it ya'll some
Casinos are fun
:] friend time is more precious. Hm. Should probably do this more often Lol he gets all jumpy ^__^
#MentionYourCrush and cause I can't choose only one and yolo.
Preschoolers building games on screens and playground tar as intro to computer programming.
No, I don't actually know what you're sayin,
Will you stay "fit" during the holidays? Sierra Fitness certified trainers help plan your workout/celebrating mix. Call now! 520-577-9000.
ah Friday. ready for a fun and relaxing weekend.
Thank you all for your friendship & support! cc.
InSpotter app taps into the spirit of Whatever Works for you – from the new hot spots to well-kept secrets
After NE got their appeal why shouldn't everybody else?
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence”...
Yeah that's fine randomly stop texting me back!
Shout out to one of our Awesome Clients! Bag of Candy=Office Breakfast!
Search Bing, earn credits toward rewards. Join Bing Rewards to get started. You'll help me get a few bonus credits too....
Things will only change if u make it change.
Today is my Friday! I want to shout it from the Twittersphere rooftops!
I'm talking eating gold cheerios for breakfast just to make my lunchtime poop look fancy.
in the movie magnolia they said it sometimes rains toads
Apparently there is an Australian billionaire who's going to build the Titanic II...did he not see the movie?
Super successful brainstorm with Big things coookin...
El Paso, TX doin it Big Time! Having Big Big Name artist here! Houston's Attractions will lead the way! Everywhere else too! SMG Venues!
East Coast! Hope you're tuning in to right now for #MaryMary new hit show!
Tnight on 10 Talking to the candidates of District 35's Special Election on Tues., plus your snowy Monday!
Those days when Disney Channel had :Thats so Raven , sweet life of zack and cody, And The little Mermaid. ware those shows wernt annoying!
we're loving your blog recently. Especially the New Years photos!
i feel like an open can of F%CK this morning...
happy birthday ya cougar !!
I think its because he doesn't fit into the mold of the team. They now have their outside the box thinking Md and cute tech girl.
I wish you health, wealth, happiness, love, serenity and peace my Twitter Friends! I wish you every dream you ever dreamed;
Thank you for this! #heweb11 was fantastic!
thanks for the luv!!!!
RT The #StraightEdge Savior : Straight Edge vs Vegan. Who you got?!
Justin I choose the shirt: Tweet # justintee2 very beautiful and swag
She let me in and never wont to let go :-)
me too (all late about it)
Rebel America lands song placement for NBC's - Super Bowl XLVI Pregame Show. Congrats to Songwriter - Derrick Shine!
I am tired of thinking about you.
Chicago Iron Cupcake? That sounds intense and delightful all at the same time :)
Think I might change my username and my profile picture.
I really want to sing at the top of my lungs right now, but then everyone would wake up and interrupt my alone time.
Good thing we traded Marshall for that guy pitching in the minors.
Faith Is An Act! #Dr. Lester Sumrall.
RT : The paper & forest products industry plants more than 1.7 mil trees, thats 3X more than whats harvested
When you focus on doors that have been closed, you never realize when new doors are opened for you.
No that's you "multi-taskin'" in KW LOL!
I wanna thank you also for giving me the chance to meet u this year 2012, is ur year to shine :)
"You'll see what I mean, but first tell me. What is the moment you're the most proud of?". He said "the day I saved the governor's life"
Possible im about to run a meeting not sober... Possible
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENJOY YOUR DAY
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life!
Good choice. Their team isn't quite ready to compete yet. How about the Mets though?
Does anyone like it when it rains? -I love it!
I'm not hating! I want Miami to win! #Realtalk RT : He isn't. But keep hating Knicks fan. Knicks in 9.
This Sunday is Mother's Day! What are you doing for your mom this weekend?
Aww, sneezing pandas. They really are cute, aren't they?
umadbro? just wait... just wait
Support Peace Not a Party
love you
Driving through Fitzlandia with , Anna and Brooke. Hello Horicon!
We make ourselves a ladder out of our vices if we trample the vices themselves underfoot.
It's time to go for broke ..., give TEBOW this season to show anything if not suck for luck .... It's a win win !!
I was wondering the same thing...
sorry I'm taking
Hustle hard and Have Faith. I'm always down for my fans... no matter what. Remember that. LMS IF U FEEL MEH!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. ~Mahatma Ghandi
God bless this beautiful country! I walked outside early this morning, trees are in full bloom, looking at the lake, and birds are singing!
Watching TV
jeeezum what were you thinking?!? ;)
digusted that I can't even listen to the game now
Playin Assassin's Creed on my Ps3
I <3 haters. But hate critics
No I had to sell it to get some money for my crack. Hahah yeah. I do.
great 21st birthday gift!! #WVU WINS!!!!!!!
Omg, guess what did my bestie brought to school today?..... Yes guys, A PILLOW! She is crazy lol but her pillow is confy :-)
Yes, I remember things got particularly nasty.
just when I think i have every thing figured out I randomly happen across the video of Bruce Hornsby's Walk In the Sun and realize I don't.
War Eagle!
At chris's house c:
#Roger Ebert's tweet about Ryan Dunn was inappropriate and wrong. But he shouldn't be censored...
I wanna go out
Check the new organ in our rehearsal space.
lol forreal! It's gon be hotter than meek mill's dream chaser 2!
Understandable. There are many positive sides of going with WordPress, it's always good to have options. Thanks for coming!
Aw thanks for the support!
Triple Crown winner Omaha lost the Wood, as did Monarchos (2001) & Funny Cide (2003), both of whom finished 2nd but went on to win the Derby
why do i know nothing about this reunion? i probably wouldn't go without you anyways.
Presenting at National Conference: "Literacy Enhancement for Early Readers:Playful Literacy Classroom Activities"
heard it was a resounding success! congrats!!
He's moving to Miami u idiot.
Reason I need an ipad: been using 2 macbook pro computers to review grant applications all day. 1for reading &1 for note taking.
If Doug gets a new twitter handle, please tweet it out so we can re-follow him. Keep up the good work. thanks!
Of course my nails got messed up while I as was asleep #why # how
Good luck in your race today!
I wish I could be at your Pomona show tomorrow, but school won't allow me too. Bleehhh....see you on your solo tour! <3
any time. all the times. rt first thing i've written for myself in way too long. thanks for the chance to do it
Sad day... “: In 26 playoff series, this is the 1st time the Mavericks have ever been swept.”
Yankees have the le.... Oh wait nevermind Nunez fucked us
thanks baby. ❤
Ready for Sunday brunch at ! Mimosa me up!
Good to see Ron Paul is still awake.
If Broncos win,I will puke.
So since abc canceled #Gcb they better pick up something good to replace it. B/c I enjoyed that shit.
The commercials are the best part of the Superbowl. #nojoke #imsexyandiknowit #m&m's
#ispendwaytomuchmoneyon gas. I need a bike.
WOW mule kick burpees really? I need to look those up RT : Have now decided p90x2 NOT FOR ME! Mule kick burpees why??
Smith-Rowsey: 3 charcteristics features of the smartphone interface: 1. postmodern (swiss army knife of bourgeois flaneur)
Rondo is real
So sated was I by its approval. I slightly stole her thumb's removal. Sadly, I did not survive the spider's rendezvous.
I just wanna see you boy.
Lily picking Bart is so confusing. She cares about Chuck so much, Bart was such a dick. Scheming Lily, perhaps?
Enjoyed hearing CMOs of and speaking about #marketing strategy at the March event. Good work Charlie and team!
If you want good food and beer for a deal, come check us out on 11.1.11! 30th anniversary! We're off of Fairbanks.
next time! He wants to make additional visits.
the Louie Vutionn background. I'll take any suggestions you have to offer. Thank you Nationwideclass. Tweet! Tweet!
In need of a perm ASAP.
It's really gonna be 2 on 5 without Bosh, but I think Indy takes game 2.
Hulk vs Superman. go ahead try and decide who would win ...
Promote your training. "If you build it they will NOT come," unless it's mandatory or compliance tng. Consider email or video.
oh right you are here to be covered with laurels!!
cant wait June 3nd, show's gonna be crazy.
Also, I <3 the messages I get at bar close ever so much.
Sorry Gio. Both were PKs. Both reckless challenges. RT : Can you guys pls comment on awful PKs against #IMFC in back to back weeks?
So then you admit he really shouldn't have signed with #Orioles? The argument should be the #Orioles shoulda signed him.
Facebook found new & awful way to make this marketer's life harder re: Event invites. Any other #LAThtr peeps frustrated? Solutions?
BRICS ready to flex muscles at G20-IMF meet - Outcome Magazine (blog)
fanny pack extenders are fucking brilliant. They come with a special grease resistant lining.
My apologies Jaime. Everything else saved except for the lineups. It will be taken care of and ready for this evening. tx u.
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Me too! My daughter and I love their chocolate bars w/the crispy rice. Yum!
watchin Mavs Celebration Parade, checkin' out my boyz & doin' their thing...AWESOME JOB {thumbs up/clap clap clap}
if we both got out of work before 5pm we could go adventure at the beach
My inbox knows I am waiting for an important email. It is taunting me with an abnormal amount of spam.
it's always a pleasure when i visit, thanks for being awesome!
#WeWontWorkOut if you won't go rabbit hunting with me
Cam Newton looks like the real deal
yes.you.should ***yeaya***
done w/ college?? that's a scary thought.
Damn, i would totally go see in indianapolis if i was old enough to get into a bar. #FuckAge!
#newspaces4learning It might help the matrix become more real
Indicate the time and place where we shall duel, good suh.
good morning :)
We would love to have you back! Call the store at 512 236-8645 to make sure your credit is still in the system.
I'm all for the Sabres dealing Derek Roy, but unless you're getting a center back in the deal, it's counterproductive.
BTW I need to bring you some Resurrection in a can.
happy birthday to Jesus!!
Do you have the time? Do you need the time? Well come on in - 20% OFF ALL WATCHES AT STUFF!
Rest In Peace
Its a Fast Times night
This makes me one happy camper. :) Gracias! RT : made about 2 dozen too many … bringing cookies to work/class :-)
I feel SO horrible right now
You're welcome Katrina! Have a good day!
working on a presentation, graphics are not my strong point.....
can I join you
#WorstFeeling is when I'm out of Paint! I Love creating Art!
That awkward moment when u start telling a story & you realize no one's listening, so u slowly fade out & pretend you never said anything.
At a local coffee shop where two 8ish yr old girls are flipping through LA's gay rags while discussing kittens.
Head on over to for lunch today! #allyoucaneat buffet for just $9.95/FL residents! 701 Washington Ave. on SoBe.
Good girl gone bad.. I can't blame you.
Can't wait to have you stay with us! Will this be your first trip to San Diego?
not at this point. We are still working on expanding international distribution. Komaki and Great Wall are the closest to you.
popcorn.js Virtual tour release to come soon!
You mad? Lol RT - So I Be Mentioning Yall Hoes & Yall Too Good To Respond Back? O_o Kick Rocks... ☺
"Makin goals just for fun!" That's what a youth just spit during the open mic. Nice.
Is that a pimp?
After 12 hours of work I'm finally at my 3rd home. :P Watching Twilight with Cory's parents :)
Who wants 2 B on my radio show? It's about all things Self-Esteem. National radio show. Attention self-esteem advocates - I'm coming 4 U!
Lol. Psh, I'll pass on that. Just gotta survive the summer. I'll still have like 6 wks. off w/o school. So that's still something.
Getting my hair done always just makes me feel better, even though I hate sitting in that chair! -___-
Have Pandora Music Radio going, and playing Mindjolt Games. this is going all night.
I KNOW YOUR CREEPING! FOLLOW ME! :)
loved the message from this morning!! "Hearts Wide Open", its time to get out and show compassion to our circle of influence! :)
UFC fight Sat., Nov. 21, on zillions of high-def screens. C'mon down! $5 cover & tons of drink specials.
You should rape my follow button and help me get to 800 followers while I get in your bed. Deal?
well if you insist....
John Wall dance bc EVERY1 did it, unibrow, 3 goggles bc it's lasted 2 years now, then Jorts (my phone just auto capped Jorts)
It is 7 pm still at the doctors office not bad only 3 hours sofar.
It sounds like fun, I'll def try to make it! And I'll see you tomorrow FOR SURE! :-)
“ Where my boo at?”< Right here
close the highway because Obama is coming?
Orioles JJ Hardy & Markakis hit back to back home runs twice in the last two games! O's HR's = baseball interesting.
When you’re going around with a big logo on your shirt, you risk looking like a walking billboard. Lose the lame Logo shirt and go for...
EVERYONE HAVING A GOOD NIGHT?
It's funny when people get on twitter trying to regulate shit and they don't know what they're talking about... relax your limbs.
I am good-and you??? got a few events comin up-lets talk soon!
“A huge percent of gay men in school grounds molest boys, partly because they don’t have AIDS yet" ???!!!!
America is founded on the principle of freedom, justice, and liberty for all. Our nation's soldiers serve every day to protect our country.
Travelin' Man! (thx for being such a great influence in our industry!)
Have A Lot Of Homework.... -_- I hate Math! D:<
Urgh so lucky! I wish I can get tan but I can't b/c I have fare skin and is so easily to get sunburned.:(
Heading to a same day audition with at least three medical terms I didn't know pre-Googling.
there arent a lot of people playing? are there?
I hope everyone has a great Christmas! So easy to get caught up in the hustle this time of year.
thank you S!! That's so kind of you. I hope we'll stay in good email touch :)
#know12 You don't get old in the CIO job. Don't get a lot of time. Have to "get off the beach"; can't stay where we are. Unsafe either way
have seen it at a few places in Buffalo.next time I am there I will pick you up some..pretty odd. refreshing. Like a shandy
good afternoon soilders! let's get hastag crazy huh? c;
When you are not getting the results you want, stop focusing on the tasks..focus on the expectation/the value underpinning...
Keeping a smile on my face.
Mac's are just more fun! Even when they've outlived their prime service, I keep them around as pieces of art
MERCY! It is 80+ inside the house. Don't worry, I'll stop whining about the heat by September.
Why would someone turn the heater on when it's 80-90 degrees?
RT Tonight is the night for sosaveme - Ichthus Festival 2011 (Edge Stage)!!! Come see us tonight 8:45PM!!!!
I think I see political views and language views match in terms of their generosity of spirit, but I haven't studied it.
Please share your internships with www.hrjobboard.com for our future HR Professionals.
After looking like the '99 Badgers in the first half, USF looks like the Running Rebels circa 1990.
Vocals are good, awesome guitar playing btw! I love your song "What I Strive For" <33
great, thank you Liam
Thanks Bianca! Did you herbal chance to read the first two on Roquefort and St. Nectaire?
Meet me by the lake at 10
what up broski?!
app RT:: New to the world of the iPhone. there any iPhone apps I should download to aid in all my SGP desires?
D. None of the above
I understood nothing repeat
someone. should text me
S/O to at the 2012 white house correspondents' dinner. Tough to be funny in a room full of ppl like that..Why is Kim k there..
Playin slide on my Dobro! Little Red Rooster
Support my man #Romany in #Thinklikeaman! His good work shows!
Whatever my artist want to do, we can do it. It's nothing.
lol remember fool ass thought you was a cool ass
Next year: Neuvirth and Holtby, just as it seemed it would be July 1.
I'm good mate : hey mate jus chillin drinkin red wine. How r u?
EVERYONE Go to www.dylanseeger.com! Buy Everybody Steals for only $0.99 on iTunes!
« Yeah i said it!? Na who gon pop me!?» *Pop* I just did na
I would read the shit out of that.
But seriously vote for him! He is falling behind!
good game last night my guy..good to have u back in da city
#gratefultweet: For the faculty member who emailed to wish me Happy
Change is the essence of life; be willing to surrender who you are for what you could become
"Don't torture yourself over the past. Use it as a teacher. Because whatever happened to you in the past, has only prepared you for now"
#Badgers will host #Spartans on Oct. 27. The Homecoming game will start at 2:30 p.m. and be televised nationally by ABC.
Centennial is confused. Day of Silence is not until Friday. Good for me, because less people are being irritating haha.
and never notice me, argh!:(
word up that's what's up! Thanks fam
haha it okay Daniel :) !
Cheer Up and go like www.facebook.com/ParadiseFearsIndiana :)
I wanted to stay, and hang a jungle hammock for a home........no other world exists, when I am in that sabal covered realm.
omw to work and telln my friend about the game last night.. she jus told me to calm down cuz im gettn heated jus talkn bout it!
Sorry about that. For Lion you need 1.1.7 or higher.
My Twitter background <3
Cold this morning with a hot evening. Thunderstorms, hail, and tornadoes in between. I guess spring is officially here?
I'm tweeting 13.1 LA Half Marathon and Karhu 5K times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on race day. Courtesy of US Road Sports & Entertainme
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Oh what a night...
I know haha:)
Cut off at dinner by mom after 4 miller lites. Crazy Saturday.
FREE BIRTHDAY PARTIES available every Friday! Text 414.335.9569 to book! Cover, Wristband, Table*, and Champagne all included!
If you. Knew that I.need you.why.would u.just up and leave
That's what I hear too. We like smart babies! :D
I guess the "Fat Toad" has croaked. That was Steinbrenners pet name for Hideki Irabu! That shit it funny!
Deboo and Craig in that Coors Light commerical
You really gonna argue with me over the internet?? What you gonna do... Put a CAP LOCK in my ass
Fair enough... are you all switching away from lync?
Oh no, what happened!?
some wings would be good...
But I ask a question & give out MY opinion and I'm fake?! Oh ok.
Group of kids crossin the street in front of my car at a red light dwntwn started dancin to the #StrangeClouds I'm bumping.
finna take a walk
Great convos at Houston Corporate Ediscovery Forum, Judges panel discussed sources vs custodian, time to change terms? #ediscovery ^BM
Yay for May but you should come to NYC!!!!
Friday night was fantastic, Saturday was freakin' awesome! Now what about Sunday? Hm
My man and I got massages last night. At 9pm. Any type of massage after 7pm should be considered
Watching draft just give me the facts dont editorialize or grade em wont know that till 2013
Is you is here in NYC? Fun! :)
This nigga goin in at the Ref's
“: Listening to close out an awesome #IDEA10”
I got the dirty stare from a coworker when he asked where my usual book was and I waved my ipod. I think he sneered @ ebook
that seems like a major hazard
Aw poor love <3
RT : Happiest of birthdays, ! #wiunion sends its love! (so does ! Enjoy your day!
Go look in the spot you think it is, then tell us if you find it!
You say you Pregnet? That ain't mine, I wrapped it that's how I know you lying Askin all them questions askin all them questions
This was one of my favorite quotes from RT: ": "We're not all born tweeters." #MusEdTech"
I've never opened up to anyone
Thank god the boss is out of town cause today simply isn't going well.
RT #FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
Just unlocked 's official twitter troll badge.
Or man, whatever, I don't discrminate... Hell they could date eachother for all I care ;) CC:
Know what u want & what u want 2 pay. Nothing wrong with purchasing processed human hair – it’s all a matter of preference and your budget.
Congrats. You've worked very hard.
“If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.” -Albert Einstein
I like the new name Barb!
by him pulling me over n showing me his badge lol
#IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
Seton Hall for sure...
It was our year last year, it just wasn't meant to be this year
Thanks for responding! I wasn't complaining :) I figured it was my dinosaur of a computer being cranky. It went through today.
There's a fine line between passion and obsession. Successful people are passionate, but unsuccessful people call them obsessed.
RIP, Dick Clark.
cant do the 30 day challenge
New holiday sweets menu page up on our website at www.baker-babes.com.
When reading Blake (4) a story, he asked me to "pause it" while he got a drink of water. Then he returned & said I could "unpause it now"!
First Cup: Wednesday: Wade and LeBron are no doubt two of the best players in the world, but the Heat are at the top of the list of c...
Margaret Donegan-Ryan, marathon runner!
~ONLINE~ talk with me
have an idea, or want to learn new strategies for you existing business ~ We are available! Free business counseling is also available!
This is our first tweet! Thank you for helping us out!
The Supermoon is shining bright right now. Check it out!
please <3 it would mean alot :)
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another. Don't ever forget your value.
hell yeah the soccer player ! He's fucking HOT wtf haha
#Cardinals draft who cares with the 13th pick in the
you missed the funny part! omg, i was like dying hahaha
BEIDHWINDJ YOU ARE SO LUCKY
LOL! I brought my laptop so I can index. Maybe it will keep me out of too much trouble.
Congrats Nupes! R u there?
The time we spend is more valuable than any price you can try to attach to it.
If you are abusing the phrase, "It's NEXT LEVEL shit man". Stop it. Especially if you are talking about burgers.
Passion can win.
If you understood anything beyond the level of sophistry you would see: disagreements=real oppositions requiring resolution
I like U , but I can't Love U
: Los Angeles Film Festival Day 3.
Ass kissing will get you nowhere. Save your speal for somebody who cares.
no really it's boring sometimes since I already know most of it but now I'm in honors biology and I like this class :{)
with baded breath, on pins and needles, and underwear that needs changing....
heck no. Too many bad stories.
OMG. Emily Lacy just performed Edith Piaf's "No Regrets" in my office as a bday surprise from Exquisite & unforgettable.
I am playing my Warwick Corvette/5 and its "tone" is SUPER!..strung with Dean Markley/Randy Jackson "Alchemy" gold strings..sweet!..BIG tone
I have become Too Much Coffee Woman *twitch*
Let's all go and kick someone..
Start of your 2012 by adopting a loving companion from the VS shelter in #rochester.. Help us find them a happy forever home!
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does
Craig Counsell: Rally starter
Watching this boys's life ! Great movie !
Seems really obvious that it'll be Quinn. I don't know if I want it to be Robin.
Sent you a DM on how to contact us a lil while ago. Congrats on winning.
Joline Blais: digital culture is trying to repair connections that were lost when Westerners disconnected from earth, family
I hear you guys are going to be at in Carle Place
Thanks, we do what we can!
However, to quote my co-worker Eric Hill, "I'm sure the ways of most vanguards are questioned early on."
#idRatherHave Facebook dissapear so I can go back to selling binoculars
I was like that until a few months ago. I could live without it if I wanted to, but I like reading scores on TVs at bars.
future comedian right here #wuddup 😊👍
When you set out to be original, be prepared to be copied.
how do you say you pray so much but keep getting The same results?
Sleeping before midnight!
A man growing old becomes a child again. -Sophocles
that's impressive.
RT : Down to a 4 hour game. Quick game." We can only hope for extra innings...
if i could change one thing about myself my life would be near perfect
I have the clean cut, no tattoo look that will NEVER go out of style
Congrats to my hubby on getting his new job!!!!
hey drunks, stop tagging me
s/o to the mfs that hate on relationships :) . . . R U MAD?
yeah, and college, and a job, and a car, and 8 weeks of vacation, and cool clothes, and...
Is playing defense now illegal in the NFL? That type of hit was a Ronnie Lott special back in the day.
Looking for ideas from other business owners who have made a difference by donating to their local community. What is the best way to help?
MON @ THE SMILING MOOSE = HAPPY HOUR! 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm! GET HERE!
Any nigga name "Ike" or "Chris" is automatically a woman beater by default
And so has my childhood...sigh. ": Adam Yauch of the Beatsie Boys has died at the age of 47."
My pleasure! ;-)
good catch, looks like it is just for billing clarity.
You're supporting #rushlimbaugh??? You have a health therapy for women, yet will allow #rush to call us whores?
Wait I say on the Lord, wait I say on the Lord, trials may come and they might may me strong, that's why I'll wait, I'll wait, I'll wait
Subaru has a College Grad Program for new, young car buyers. Find out more by calling us at 850-785-4372.
jk i like you
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality. -Earl Nightingale
HAHA good one
Dixon Cider?
Meeting any of the #Repugs should be enough to piss anyone off. Anyone with any decency that is....
#CACHE coordinates are now LIVE!! ARE YOU READY TO SEARCH AND WIN?!?!?
Things are bumping here, our fans are hearty! A little rain doesn't scare them away
Going Back to Tampa :)
A masked-ball? How awesome! Man, I'd love to attend one, hoping a masked man dressed in red would show up ;)
Everyone needs to stop hating on 8 flavas...
#8 Frenchman Street - New Orleans, LA (sleep delay)
think i got it.
ha yeah that was me. How's your day going?
my phone works great. Way faster! I've heard some folks are having issues though
Whoa, just complaining about the time, not the food. The pancakes were DELICIOUS. I had like, five. Plus sausage links.
alrightt.... then. OMG I LOVE YOUR ICON
Crunching 12 new demo songs down and deciding which ones will make the cut for my 3rd single due out this summer. Like, zoinks scoob!
What’s up L.A.? Would you like the opportunity to attend one of the biggest movie premieres of the year? RSVP to battl
The commanding British officer who surrendered at St. John's in Canada, Major Preston, has arrived in Philadelphia as a prisoner of war.
You don't got a Willie, you don't get the silly!
Who Is Ready for Tomorrow night ? taking over for a great house music night !! Make your reservations today !
tweet tweet
OMG such a hard choice !!!!!!!!! Umm i cant pick between them..
Thanks! Do they do that on Twitter?
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333!
i guess its okay
nope, pink.
iT Wasn't Even Serious -_-
Would you rather have a Hawai'ian punch?
Surprisingly MRI s are quite comfortable and it would be real easy to sleep in one
Oh shit, I totally forgot about Twitter.
There's always somebody saying you can't do it, and those people have to be ignored.~Bill Cartwright
Yes, but if we don't address health disparities at a structural level in HIT, we will recreate them.
"Everybody ain't loyal, and fake heaux are at an all-time high this season."
I guess he wants to pay for it with his personal fortune. Right?
Sorry - that must be so frustrating! Please email support[at]webgreek[dot]com or call 1-888-WISE-OWL (947-3695) & let's fix it
I love the drive-in (:
Bill Pullman. #AllTimeFavoriteActor. Just behind that is.
*clears throat* Would you like to escort me on your arm to tonight's RP Awards? No one else is goodlooking enough for me.
To quote my teacher Tom Monte: "Practice the absence of fear and learn how to receive love"
Who will win the Super Bowl XLVI?
Just like everything I've known, you disappeared one day. So I'll spend my whole life hiding my heart away.
oh wow
He doesn't text me though "goodnight babe"&&"goodmorning beautiful" text anymore/:
Friends who embarrass you the most are the ones you love the most
Congrats to #ChristopherGrant, author of #Teenie for a great book reading and signing last night at
Your the perfect husband for me <3.
i seriously can't wait for summer <3 hopefully going to Texas and Kansas (:
i do find the term "friend" inaccurate and misleadling-even "associate" doesn't seem more apropo
Just started The Adventures of Augie March by Saul Bellow (One Book, One Chicago selection). How did I never read this before?
very good. Has comedic parts as well as a good baseball movie. I am also biased as an A's fan.
Wow. Secret Service guys did NOT like the joke about getting them home for their new curfew.
Oh you unfollowed me on twitter? How cruel of you
Even better, I didn't even know about that one.
You. Are. A. Goofball.
Drive safe, sweets. No Turnpike rage or texting.
You are too cute! Big hugs.
I am good
The first section of today's podcast is a bit of a rambly mess, I think. It was 5am and I barely remember doing it. Not editing a thing.
Life changing TV that should be trending
Sorry to hear that. R.I.P., Donald "Duck" Dunn.
Christ loving me washes human reasoning down the drain.
she was grounded cuz she left the house after fighting w/ mom n was gone 4 over an hour and my dad was freaking out..
Amazing day in startupville. Morning networking and corp org stuff, lunch w/partner, afternoon product dev, evening live user testing. Whew!
OK, we'll pick another , ready....
The #TeaParty failure to rally behind one candidate has shown what a failure they're going to be in November.
where did your coach win his title? Has he won one since?
Smh. You fail.
Make sure to follow Steve and Jesse on Instagram! and
Thanks. I'm here, just had to take care of medical crap for a while. Sucked a lot of energy.
You just can't leave Ron Artest alone! Lmfaooo. Yall THOUGHT he wasn't bringing that elbow back
what language is this guy speaking in???
hum D
round 2 would have already started between #celtics and #sixers before #nuggets lakers play game 7 sat. night. hiliarous.
"What's it made of?" "Your mom's chest hair." Lol, perfect timing in Spanish class.
yea , but ima need help i aint got time for all that weak shit
Why does the TABC make it throwing an event so difficult? Guess I need to talk to an expert.
Wrote an awesome little bluegrass tune w/ and today. Did it for the KY......(the state)
To serve patrons well, have to commit to analysis - knowing what happens now key to improving process for better patron experience
I do Stay Beautiful 👌 instead of Stay Beautiful Okay.
- seems like you need 'the' song to go with that picture.
Can I just say, the Thriftway on Vashon is quite impressive. Found products there I've never found anywhere in Seattle.
Flory drives through the Lincoln Tunnel at night with no injuries! Hear her speak at 2:15 today Maybe some good stories?!?
what time is it at?
RT : Obama's lies breed like rabbits.
I dig. Good luck!
no valentine :/ forever alone. Haha
don't doubt yourself, girly! Best of luck :) I've been good, aside from my bruises and shizzzzz. :P I need to stop fighting ij
New record, first off the album, out monday..
cuz i was bad lml jk cuz i didnt clean my room cuz i wanted to b on the computer
well stay where you are and rot ya stuck up bitch \m/ just kidding aleah i love you
“: Logosquiz is the most addicting app. Brain Teaser. Check it out in the App store.” CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
I just saw quihara
"I said don't wear white socks w. blk shoes " And don't wear black sox w/ white shoes either.
a masters? pretty sweet. Is it for anthropology or have you moved on to other pastures?
playing your fit kinect - much more fun than zumba.
u know it!!! Of course. But still working out his contract.
Talking about God is easy, having faith is hard.
People like us are not given an education. We have to snatch it.
Watch at Noon today on WPWR.
What a busy day!!! Company ins and candidates around every corner!
Come down this afternoon and enjoy $3 taps from 5 till close..Dont forget about our half of apps till 7:22!!!
been drained all day from killin legs #poorlittleguys :'(
Looking forward to it!: RT: ": Get Ready - new report on Teens, Smartphones and Texting out at noon on Monday."
oh hell yeah bro i'm gonna be an animal during Mr Highway xD
Enter the Turkey Coma lol.
Oh, I agree. I'm just pointing out that Ozzie hasn't been going "by the book" with him.
the other dude isn't terribly inspiring either
It's official - I will not be presenting at php|tek this year
my english professor said everyone walking on this earth is one law suit away from being rich one of the realest message i've learn from him
I know im late but Dwayne Wade is a bitch, breakin Kobes nose n shit
HAPPY THANKS TO OUR PATRONS for coming out and supporting TWB at #NocheLatina. Hope you enjoyed the #pasion on stage, despite any cheese.
hey their
so aggravated!
check out our new website www.wesofreshrecords.com
Thanks for organizing Holocaust Remembrance events. Would love to see photos!
"have you created your happy ending yet?" - CastleVille
red goes faster
I wonder if Chris Resop knows he is a shithead
Good morning :) Now time to get ready for school .
letting mr. ronnie radke serenade me to sleep (:
I love getting dressed up:)
Woke up late Shit
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Happy Monday!! Ease into your work week with Happy Hour at Enoteca Style. $4 Red, White, and Sparkling 3-6pm!
HE WAS TRYING TO KILL US!!!
Gettin' a little hair of the dog with your hangover breakfast?! Cars are ready and waiting for you!!
“: #nw Cool Runnings” LOVE that movie!!
and now, a virtual one. .. [HUG] Lol.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE #FOLLOW 1
Hey #travel friends: we’re adding to the team! Looking for an AE in
Incredible game!
Homosexuality is found in over 450 species; homophobia is only found in 1. Which seems unnatural now?
follow back ? :) x
Got grounded this morning. D:< Not okay. Anywhoo, Cj's tomorrow & Poody' tomorrow night & Sunday. Jack's on Wensday. Iloveyouallll, <3
Headed to DC for America's Summit on National Parks! Let's do this!
Counting ppl to see which paragraph you'll have to read out loud in class >.<
#NeverBe afraid to be yourself
@ there are some big pros to Droid, but I find the iOS to be more simplistic & intuitive.
What's the smoking laws here in texas?
I know. She abandoned her Volkswagen Beetle like so much trash.
all this money that has been raised can u find a cure already!! new tools to help this disease is not good enough..do better..thanks!
Long hike in Mission Trails Regional Park. I've earned my brunch and afternoon pint!
At the Bourgeois Pig Cafe (738 W Fullerton Ave) having some VERY tasty desserts, registering for baby gear and drinking a LOT of caffeine!
Ryan Leaf thinks the Redskins made a good deal moving up to
give a follow
we forgive you MetaCPAN
happy b day(:
#WhenAustin does those little pointless keeks, that we all just adore <3 [From ]
Lovin tess, goose island, beer dinner, chef minervas food pairings are fantastic.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Cheers!
Oh god oh god I just died...Madonna singing like a prayer....fucking AwESOME!!!!!!
I Love The Shit Out Of Scarface !!!!
RT Seriously. If you like a show, you probably shouldn't get me interested 'coz I'm a death knell to shows. // meet the press
big game tonight boys!
hello nick!
On the road to dallas!
of course, I'd love to be snookie's twin!
RIP Junior Seau
Well look at us here with a fancy twitter and all that...watch this old 140 character box for news, trip updates and other schralping stuff.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Man... Mitt Romney sounds like an idiot... Who is buying his emotionless plea? What a horrible speech
Beautiful night! Just grilled shrimp and enjoying a fabu caprese salad with some red wine. YUMMY!
please follow me .. <3
I'm estimating that 5-10% of people on WeFollow are "nearly spam" - not quite spam but not quite on-topic.
In honor of mother's day, Johnson of the Astros called the 1st base ump a "mother fucker" after striking out. What a classy guy
I guess they don't call it the "Big Easy" for nothin... people are so slow returning calls and emails!
peeplez are very difficult to train somethingz tho. *huff*
thank you! That is so sweet!
finally got what adele was saying in the song,so sad
does anyone want me to do a live chat? i got nothing to do today cuz im not going to school lol :)
Sorry to disappoint!
What goes around comes around like a hola hoop, karma is a bitch? Well make sure that bitch is beautiful
PICTURES PLEASE
Snow day # 4.
Last night was way too wild
yes ma'am I am lol
speaking as a father.. Honduras....NO !!
Bike ride today haha.
It fucking boils my fucking blood.
Saying goodbye to the Rocky Mountain News. It almost made 150 years - I will miss its conservative columnists
One day you'll realize how insignificant your problems are.
lol no, I'm not. Last week of July and first week of August I'll be down there!
took the bar exam the summer of the first championship. it's a miracle i made it with a working liver, much less a law license
thanks for the blackout/hangover.
can i get a follow bak :) please
Hope many were registered. RT VotingWorks' photos from the Voter Registration Drive event last month!!!!
how many points is "nrudzicz" worth assuming best placement
Man I wish and I were in Albuquerque right now! Go UW & CU!
Once Mindless, ALWAYS Mindless:)
RT : "The stories & characs are already there. We as artists are here to give them life."
I believe we're going to be seeing a lot more dumb tweets like that now that has joined the twitterverse
People say the most stupidest things ever!! Smh
EXCEPT Kim K,Pamela Anderson, and Ice T wife CoCo lol
Okay... That you find it necessary to throw stones STILL (after London) is THE disturbing thing!
It's gonna be great! RT PSq and ID, get ready for a new, open public space at King St Station! Opens today
i know you will always love Greg but I say NO!!!!!. On to BIGGER and BETTER things in LIFE.
Workout-shop, workout-go to work, workout-party....don't forget to workout during the holidays! Love all you workout tweeps out there!
lol!! Damn, i hate onions as well, the smell alone is enough to chase me away!
Mornin World ..remember "Everything that glitters ain't always gold,no no! "
besides which! Christopher and I both lived with prior partners, moved out and live together very happily now.
spring is poppin. so are my allergies.
"girrrll I work so hard for you from 9 to 5 so you can have the finer things in life, but you're the type to never be satisfied. oh girl"
All this perfume on BART totally masks the smell of vomit and angry middle class commute
Nope! RT i really think im the only person in the world that hates macs....
Calling it a night. I love #WarmNights listening to #Bluegrass on my iPod and #BullFrogs on the #Lake. Blessed... Good night and God bless.
I recommend more smartass and less filter: you're AWESOME!! x
Construction begins on new East Baltimore Housing Complex
you've never seen before? Shy, not one of my qualities. Lol. Thank you doll!
Please lift my daughter up in prayer.
Ok, just nearly hit by AYC 7194 georgia fayette driver's license plate driving normal speeds on city street. Then he tried to flee scene.
yes a lot of mail Justin :) and your not weird just special :)
TYVM for RT Tweet: .#ClearChannel syndicates Limp-Baugh - wait for it...owned by #BAIN phone
Had a blast over the weekend! Thanks everyone who came out and supported us!
makes total sense. Yeah, we've seen it used by a lot of ecommerce sites for good but bloggers seem to find interesting uses too.
Taking home some fancy cookies from the board meeting. Gotta feed the kids!
bigger jew
it's funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don't know what to do.
I read the review on plugged in, and you are pretty much correct :( why?
Carving pumpkins, then paranormal activity 3. Fun fall day :)
I really am trying to look on the bright side of this ..
That feeling when you realize you didn't do something in your article, and get called out for it. :(
No problem!! : D
Come ON Blues. Kick it in high gear.
I guess nobody's job is safe. RT World's most powerful laser fired
" Obsessed with Michael Kors It's a problem" too bad im the one who has to buy it all :'( smh
That's good feedback. I think a 101 is definitely in order :)
Yoga has an amazing effect to my body and mind.
Stay fly
But their kids....lol keep them xD
Sending you lots of healing love!
Will do lol and send me some K as well and more users
says more than 2/3 of surveyed organizations would prefer a single backup application for both physical and virtual environments
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
Ughh just another stupid boreing day of High School... :/
sorry to disappoint. There's always next years nat'l cleave day. Something to look forward to at least
The Amanda Show
This headache is preventing me from going to sleep 😒😣
I hope u don't make kids cry again when u get there
Hi, Daisy! It was so much fun seeing you talk on Saturday! I'm so glad we met! Yay for book soul sisters!
NBA to start on christmas......who cares, the packers play that day
Love you too! You do so much for others. I LOVE your heart!
Damm lost all my numbers
starting fresh??? Meaning you're moving???
I'm just saying she has a boyfriend and she's hanging out w/ (maybe possibly) the guy I like. I'm not...its just...someone get me a machete.
hey, if you have any time at SXSW we should meet up.
Going to be working on #charity #event stuff today. Looking for corporate #sponsors. Want to make the event even better this year!
yes! I liked it :) You should check out "The Paris Wife" by Paula McLain. The protagonist is Hemingway's first wife.
So who wants to win a Free Dell Laptop? Were still looking for many to enter into the contest......Respond to this post to get entered in
Cool story Bro. Tell it again
Each of your landing pages should have a secondary pop-up window for upsales increased profits!
Does anyone know any funny videos on #YouTube? I'm bored -_-'
Will do
yeah that's bad glad u r ok ! Karma will come back to them u get what u put out !
Thanks to show last night I got a new gorgeous and amazing girlfriend <3
07/01/2011 - BUY "Little MAN-CAVE" Playhouse tickets
When brings me food. >>>
So don't be sad. I probably wont meet him either
Sorry. I thought I had already put in my 2 weeks' notice.
I have asked 4 people at #HRW since February for me to meet w/ #Libya militias as a fighter to convince them to stop
Too much rum? ;
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. -Dr. Suess
People are so flaky. It's annoying like you made plans with me follow thru.
RT Im the worst at sticking to an exercise plan if any of you followers can't tell. Lol
What a great game by "King Walk" Nakamura
I love them, very SEC-chic. What do you think?
but online policies will be helpful in curtailing things that could hurt them.
Tell me you can see the light of dawn is breaking.
bang a celebrity. Jk... Good question! I'll have to think about that one
"Disenfranchised Dads", at lulu.com; READ IT! $120Bil. Will never be collected! Find out why!Men who can't care for self!
I'm so glad you donated money to save the land around the Hollywood sign!
I'm just really curious how the Canucks plan to keep the cup from the kings? Burning down LA?
Again if I gain 30 followers (to get 666) by the time I go to bed tonight I will wear Minnie mouse ears to school (;
Really need to register for both NEA and NEHA fall meetings. Side note for Boston kids: NEHA is at Emmanuel this year!
Underway in the 2nd!!
#thingsblackparentssay I am 100% sure he is the father, maury!!!!
Moreno (Mexico) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Hey RockStar, don't let that match get u down. Your still #1, you got this vika looks like a call from g-mom is in order
So, I took all of 's money at poker and he 86'd me from till Memorial Day. I think he got the last laugh.
Too much on my plate so I am resolved to not make any New Year resolutions...just kidding how about you?
me too (: haha
alright I guess we can take that great season barca
This type of game will drive a guy to drink.
My freshman year of college will forever be defined as the time i had pink hair.
Ah yes, such a modern and flattering ensemble. :)
I feel like death. I have to get my Vitamin C on and hopefully feel better. I think sleeping just kind of kills me when I'm sick.
Just found an original Coyotes jersey with the awful mid west motif and ugly coyote with half goalie mask on craigslist for $20.
Engleder shoots to World Cup 50m Rifle 3P title
Indeed I am! Hoping to get the screens burned in time to start pulling some ink next weekend.
Darn you, Twitter and your spoilery trending topics!
Missing you at Taste WA this year. Shayn's here :)
do you think your journey to health and healing is by addressing those things?
Aoki with first Home Run for #Brewers inside the park.
Good question!>> RT : $ Talk with your kids--Do you usually spend money as soon as you get it? Why
Shoots Wide!! RT": I'm surprised can get any practice in because he's too busy staring at his reflection in the glass"
ha it is
Hey Guys!!! Dont be bored Something special Is coming so watch out for the new products/items to be bid on soon... See yah!!!
Just texted friend that I had to wait for Dave. Autocorrect changed to "I have to wag. For Dave."
I already texted you, but why not tweet it too? HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY. I love you.
Forget best-of-seven, the #NBA Playoffs will be decided by survival of the fittest
I am living my life very courageously now~BAMM.
Morning peeps! I'm putting together a team to move boxes b4 Race for the Cure THIS SAT at 5:30 am! DM me if you can help!
Ah. Do I have to come North and help you fight the monster away?
Why didnt bgc prevent the audience from saying shit? They could have gotten you in a lot of trouble.
Funny that people would rather go out of there way to hit the handicap door button than just open the door.
& - : take redesign seriously - more than add n stir - need to ferment for 10 days like a grape brick.
Working over night tonight to try and get things to where they need to be... I don't get paid enough for this.
Sorry to say that The Bill Blagg Magic Show on Saturday March 5. has been CANCELED.
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates. Smitty, Robert & Lori need drinking friends!
Granny's Nook boycott =))))
:( well that's no good!
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? <3
Shhieeeet chilling with my momma! Lol you?
I'll be @ the Gotham Comedy Club tonight @ 8pm. Unfortunately nothing will be getting dumped on Ryan Seacrest while I'm there.
Happy birthday to the Madison Square Garden Killer, the G.O.A.T, Michael Jordan... Retired one year before I saw my first game.
take me with you.
i think basket ball goin to be in my future..
Coming home at 1130 on a school night... Probably gonna be in trouble in the morning with mom but who cares! It will never happen again 😊😊
Let's go ! Make this Texas boy's late night worth it!
Love is like a bar of soap once you think you got it it slips away
I'm putting it in my thoughts ! I'm at a doctors office in the waiting room and has me dying laughing.
ANYONE? MAGICIAN? ABQ area. Want to hire for Trade Show, Sept 14, Hard Rock Casino. Reply if interested. Disappearing Water Act a must!
Tolerance. Sounds so easy when in fact it is so difficult!
RT : Rural sourcing: Instead of outsourcing jobs to another country, move them to rural areas where cost of living is less....
L.O.L!!! That one was for you!!
Thanks for the shout out! We love you guys!
What type of connections r u making on www.knowledgesafari.com
anytime! back at you.
thanks! you kick ass.
Agreed. Try being a meteorologist with people like that.
I sat in traffic this morning and my inner child wants to know if we're there yet.
thank you! I LOVE them!
yea you got a pretty face but. . .
#packers laid the biggest egg I've ever seen
I know I'll be watching! :)
Or we should start a cloning program of Burkes & sprinkle them across the country!
Join us for Meatballs & Martinis at Anthony's Runway 84 tonight from 6:30-9:00 PM Complimentary Shoe Shines, Meatballs, and Fresh Mozz!
Thanks my man, hope all is well with you and yours!
Where u at? How is it?
Feature on 's "Last Day at Lambeau" is almost in the can. See it Sunday night on at 9:00pm. It's really good !
I'm sick as a dog
well. Okay then!
Hey there, (BizDegrees), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Critical Thinking: RT : Does our son have a network of caring adults?
Blunt of purp
Ah hah. Tried that before, don't know why it worked today. :) Thanks for your help!
Good day over all T off cuz of a few people but meh
Fuck you pay me is what I told the bitch , can't eat can't sleep cause I own the bitch ..
omg! how'd you get that face it adorable! n_n
Sometimes the price of good prices is too high.
Nice. Are all 3 major networks here? You know it!
Free In-n-out after service:
Totally delayed response but thank you so much for the #FF last week! Awesome! I'm glad that I've been a PR teacher : )
What kind of tape does the system need to record at the club dude?
anytime a pro athlete can piece together 2 sentences, it's a win
welcome to #teamiphone we ❤ u.
yes, change in twitter postings based on organizational policies at new work place would affect psychological profile generated
We wish you the best.
'Just realised how dumb I look taking self pics': Rihanna goes bare-faced for ... - Daily Mail
Some people will hate on any AND every Bloody thing.
that does explain while is alone until he was something too. I would hate to see that litterbox
i got to work monday so i'll only get a few hours in.
RT That's one of the joys of the Sandwich Generation- FULL of intergenerational moments of love and care. #talkalz Very true!
"My daddy made me go to rehab I said no no no no!!!!!"
Our speaker today...Noeleen McGrath is an award-winning television news journalist, media trainer and video producer.
I guess someone () doesn't want a house warming gift... *hinthint*
Girardi just said DRob has a rib injury. Can you believe this ???
I don't know how it happened, but a bird just pooped on my coffee cup lid.
RT : I'm dying in this fcked up country ass town , lol << bugs and shit flying in my mouuff! lmao dead
hello stranger!
yep! definitely been there, so frustrating
best family ever <3
Happy Birthday SBS! In celebration of this day mention this post, and get $10 off your service today!!!!!
Well just found out some pretty interesting stuff today, and i also got my heart crushed :((((( and now i have a headache
Have fun! Wish I could make it.
Writing about certain issues, even if they weren't personal, has helped me evolve as a human being, not just a writer.
Evolutionary Psychiatry: Some New Observational Studies and ...
Officers announcing arrests in a few minutes.
I'm a HSN junkie. I can't, I would go broke. I'm going through withdrawls from HSN right now
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra
Woo hoo, tonight! What a surprise! & dinner ! life is good...
Where are the Empire State photos? :(
Man is always more than he can know of himself.
Watching season one of #Hoarders . So quaint.
Than you shall have one! Pics when next i can pin down an archivist...
omfg. zach's tweet. )':
On Nov 18th come holla at me with me against me it don't matter just cum c me please
RT : Hardin stood out over the weekend. He'll be an interesting guy to watch at training camp. Looked big and physical
not yet. Got a change?
yeah they were mostly free. And the m&g were free too. r u going to the one in Tinley.
Kid cudi is a fucking fag
I asked my aunt, she said she can't take me her car broke, so have a good time, lol(:
I fucking give up!!!!!
Fun fact for the night - More Americans have died in the War on Terror than the entire Revolutionary War - Don't know why that surprised me
Just found #stevemartin on twitter. E X C U S E me!
Death, Taxes and MO! 602!
lol not since my last album. I'm still promoting it and stuff.
New hair, hot date, margarita on its way - could this night get any better?!
I wanananana see your face !!!
Even my enemies use me as an emergency contact!!!
lol. Love it!
nevermind, it's working
Cool tune Mark, Are you on the Drive today?
Haha yeah XD I think we should talk in messages, this is like super spam for some people =P
texting is just as bbad
saw that a little earlier. i think it works because community's fan base will follow it wherever. even friday nights.
That's OK. I leave on Tuesday 5/15 for #sec12 where I'm co-presenting 3-hour seminar, then immediately to #stc12!
So that's how you roll? Have fun!
he will never understand what the word "love" means.
I really hope they're dumb enough to think the game is next weekend.
its cause your a pimp no other explanation.
i miss u
When that guy from Men's Health does push up jacks, he hasn't just done 30 minutes of chest and legs with no recovery. Just a reminder ...
And, we're in first place. Again.
Cheese and crackers, I'm out of almond milk. :(
RT "We loved with a love that was more than love." ~Edgar Allan Poe .
No horse play when we quick draw
see you tomorrow!!
Just had a fantastic conversation w/ Kathy Snyder, head of , on how 3D 'rapid tech' can help grow biz & mfg in MD!
right right
Why u won't to be fake I fuckin hate u
Eating corn pops
well im dark skinned so i gota represent but as of dudes i like, i like it all colors i dont discriminate
party starts NOW! $10 pitchers of booze and $5 monkey bar new tshirts!
I wanna wish my Mom a very Happy Birthday today.She is doing it BIG Out here with her clients &
Breaking in a case of suds, in the brass rail of fall down drunk.
congrats on the new movies I can't wait to go see them and you are to funny : )
That Boy Good!
Martha Anderson notes, for digital preservation, what stories are we telling? Are we engaging others?
The Class of 99 was a good one!
I just love Justin Bieber ! (: <3
I CAN'T WAIT EITHER (:
dat was mean
strapped down like a cowboy
makes the best sandwiches in Pennsylvania! #Bobbie is delicious!
can you go on a following spree again?! i missed your last one for school :(
talk at Oxy: "work is the opposite of thinking" toward a deformed humanities.
did you sign up for paid version of ? I'm thinking about taking the leap...
You have really progressed well. You had severe herniations. Glad that the treatments worked out for you.
was dancing on the edge of danger, on the rim of the volcano.
I Have Game To Be Sold. Holla At Me For Consulting.
im tryna shoot a video
Can I just say i WANT Tyne Daily's hair?!
o well
New tenant turned out to be a real gem.. she and her brood get my Fonzie thumbs up.. Aaaaayyyeeeeee! Thx housing authority!
puppy love <3
Android or iPhone ?
nice green jerseys!
Valentine Day Party tonight - the club is gonna be packed! Grab your girl and come swing!
And/or that calling back is polite. So old-fashioned.
Traveling "The Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous"
I agree with the last 3 posts. You'll never hear a negative comment from me, I love your vlogs.
Sometimes life is just one big #shamelessplug. I'll pass around the office.
OMB! Yesterday my baby turned 18 years old, beautiful aww I'm so proud of you, I love you
Sorry for the delayed response. Thank you and have a good day.
I think Greg got the NYT Op-Ed idea from Don Draper (when he told the world why he quit tobacco ads).
I'm melancholy at all the coupling surrounding my single-lady heart
Just another day at the Super Bowl! Brunch prayer is that all my pain is from champagne!
How do you know ?
Yh same. Can I ask you something?
Pretty Woman on in 23 minutes!!
hey thanks for the follow! "like" us on facebook and check out our newie "Stage 5"!
Need stamps for Christmas cards? #Weirs #SouthlakeTownSquare has a post office inside!!! Shhhh, no one else knows.
I wanted sum...
Can't wait to see you again..
This. RT : after crossing the gold level for rewards, you should get your 1st15-drink free drink immediately
Are you human or artificial intelligence?
Jan Reichelt: PhD student. Mendeley helps researchers work smarter by extracting data.
*sniff* no more crying :') :)ILYShawty<3
You rock, Greg! TY again!
#TheProblemWithDatingMusicians They always write horrible hate songs about you after the breakup. Emphasize the HORRIBLE.
And just to clarify, I'm not trying to humblebrag. Just thinking here.
“: I had a great fucking day.” Its about to get better too. RT
Of course Y. Bell could possibly end up on the Jets, just the Dolphins luck if he does.
Damn, that chapter was so sloppy it wasn't even worthy of a first draft. Just had to fix it.
awesome! It's such a great move. Have a great race today love!
took my daughter a day early to school so she can show her friend whos a freshman around....now thats a friend...up early and didnt have too
Yu wanna go
I have no idea why...I love the smell of curry!
GM & Happy Sunday Everyone
So addicted to #GameOfThrones, but my god, how many incestuous relationships can a writer add in to a story?! And so many creepy people...
Very cool- would love to talk with you about it sometime. Let me know what might work for you- thanks very much!
The chick who lives above us is making an insane amount of noise all hours but especially at 6am. Any tips on revenge?
DAMNIT PHIL! And freaking Chavez too. Retire already.
Help yourself to exit
Everytime I hear Jocktails, my brain thinks Ducktails. Can I enter the party tonight diving into gold coins?
Still good advice. I'm honored to of met Buck.
Brooks Laich: "I thought we were a lot closer this year than last year."
most definitely.
These bitches on Real Housewives Of Atlanta r pissing me off.. especially NeNe big ass... acting like she better then everybody. ..!
is that necessary?
You get a star b/c I like the
Who says the Mariners are not worth the price of admission? What Detroiter doesnt want to see Charlie Furbush and Casper Wells again?
okay well ill be at the game today! And the practice before! Haha
You're practicing playing the guitar? :D
RT : "if you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it" -- William James, Psychologist
if one more tourist hits me in the head with an umbrella while taking up the entire sidewalk i'm going to start slapping.
Had the worst night
says the same thing again lol
By any means necessary I'm gone get it!!
We are almost at 3,000 followers! When we hit 3,000 we will have a trivia contest to celebrate - winner gets a book!
what? that wasn't on 4EvaNADay..
Label 7 Welcomes crew this evening! Please enjoy your time with us!
They put on pants just like we do they take a shower just like we do they eat just like we do
you're so annoying
Get done w/ holiday shopping BEFORE the turkey, giftcards are one size fits all! T&C's apply.
It blows my mind how people have no clue of how much work is needed to succeed.
Awesome #AdobeBridge tip, thank you! That will save a TON of time.
It's the absolutism of uncertainty and disconnection from the past that stops people from taking the cash. Forever is a long time
yeah, but he still cheated on his beautiful wife with semi-prostitutes.
Fixin to listen to the latest madness on the Morning Mayhem 93.3 as a drive the kiddo to school.
P.S. we're on spring break until next monday so we'll try to meet & make a new video ASAP -Patience
Been there, done that :-)
i lost my peace sign ring that i haven't taken off in 6 years!!!! :(
Good greek trumps so-so chinese. I vote for greek.
Gas' gain could be coal's loss: Now it faces pressure from a competitor, natural gas, which is cutting into coal's most important cus...
Sometimes you text a person with full of feelings and you get a blunt reply in one word.
iif you havent checked out my twit pic.... i kinda invented swag
Not completely, but I'm more mindful of it now.
The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it- William Gibson
I've never seen anyone use that set up, i think you just want something to bitch about thunder, so honestly stfu
My son just threw up on me and I didn't even know it
In my Hollywood gym full of hot women, the one that gives me the eye is a tranny. It's a trap! Flying my X-Wing in!
Awesome! Thanks for sharing your picture, and Warped Tour never looked better than with you in your shirt :)
we should get together.
Kill me. That chick was off her fucking rocker. She's lucky I didn't beat her over the head with my water bottle. LOL
I love Reese's!
First pitch is 630pm tonight here at Sessions Stadium! hosts Mercer in Game 1 of a 3 game series!
Don't rain on my parade.
I hadn't seen either of my grandparents for around five years---so having my grandma die two days before we were going to see her... sucked.
Well still no deal, the NBA is playing with my emotions
I end finals day with 2 hours if art..
Can't blame him. Happy he attributed. Had to come from a writer. "Hate" and "disdain" alone fall short. Your phrase is precise.
YUM! MUST HAVE! “: Time to tap the firkin of wheat hop! #craftbeerweek”
VM Ware and Wyse demo today. Go cloud computing.
right? I think the trick is to just avoid the line. And cleavage lots of...wait damn...that's where I keep messing up.
I'm like every other woman, a closet full of clothes, but nothing to wear, So I wear jeans.~Cameron Diaz
#MrPoppersPenguins is a great flick. Gawd I love animals
long day at soho with my girlfriend.
Bella! RT : My girl is giving me a lot of "You're my best Mommy" ...umm...the only one she has! Lol!
He crossed his legs and hands just like all the other "ladies"...
MT: Join & TODAY at 2pm CST. #LatinoEdu tweetchat about education in our latino communities!
Rt if you wanna be Zayn's bestfriend in my fanfic (must follow me)
great move by the redskins. RG I is going to be very, very good. how about the quality of qb's in the NFC East.
let me tell you how twitter is just fascinating.
awesome lol && weekend gone be better haha
You ever that
That sounds a bit like Roger Zelaznys The Chronicles of Amber. You can move from one dimension to another?
I love someone who can make me laugh even when i'm in a very bad mood.
Cafeteria at MATC Truax doing homework
Don't forget that Gentlemen's Night starts today at 5 pm! Free drink for guys and the gal of their choice!
I had no idea what #autism was when I went for my first job either. Can't believe I was hired! Glad I was.
damn wish I was I SS we could hang! Is a nice day.
Working on new website. Will share as soon as we get it live!
I hope so Jamie. Job market scares me. Guess I'm just glad I'm not married or have kids right now
talking about recognizing excellence and holding all stakeholders accountable.
I just downloaded new live album "tin shed tales" and it's awesome. Please come back to red rocks
I thought it was going to be a picture from the NFC title game
i am still salty that the fired him. Loved Bruce. Hurts to see ye olde alma mater taking the beating they are. its a great job.
Keep me as the apple of your eye; hide me in the shadow of your wings Psalm 17:8
KMSL u know dis frd but I'm found somebody soon no more running I found somebody she cool
Started reading a Forbes article about the ACC deal. Stopped immediately when writer told me Pitt hasn't missed NCAA's since 2001.
Gearing up for what promises to be a long day at the writing center.
both. Crossramp changes the incline and the muscles you use. Resistance makes you work harder and builds up strength.
“: Birthdays are good for your health. Studies have shown that people who have more birthdays live longer.” I love birthdays!
. is giving lots of great tips for #genealogy societies from scanning to Dropbox
I seriously doubt Junior Seau took his own life, nobody commits suicide with a shot to the chest, something fishy going on
I really do. You guys did a great job on the book. When I finish I write a glowing review.
OMG... There's no way I could ever be a ballerino! I would have to stretch for years!
Oh Burnetts, why you do this to me baby
Love my man so much he makes me feel so beautiful and like I'm the only girl he has eyes for....so lucky to have a man that loves me for me
I hate to come off as a clingy girlfriend...
some ebooks people will want to keep to reread; some will be read once, ripe for subscrpt.
yup. Might not work for a phone though
just heard you on the bar tender's iPod! #mademyday !!
in the span of two years, my whole Mentality changed for the better
people can see the bottle of lies and scars of insecurities,and the secrets you thought would be kept forever are the things everyone knows.
well done!
Do your thing Sandy Alderson. Mets are dealin tonight!
Yep. That's pretty much how I imagined it going down.
Laying down with my girl ;)
ya, btw the ogling douchebags,the envious women,& armchair dx from twits,its a wonder a girl can get any f#*king work done!
You can always count on Cubs fans to be rude and Brewers fans to be low-brow at Wrigley North
WHOOP WHOOP…EPISODE OF #LoveGames #LG3 DAMN CANT WAIT 2 SEE NOT LOOKING FORWARD 2 SEE FUGLY SYDNEY…
Vegas should be scared of us!! LOL
Hahaha a valid point. Thanks. :)
Time for bed. Have a good evening!
thanks so much for your well wishes & support!
cual es la otra,pork la ultima vez que yo cheque you are my one & only big sister named Yessica, & YOU ARE WEIRD MY LOVE!!!
ahh you're the best!
THANKS reserves, #Detroit Action coalition, and neighbors(!) for helping out all of us that live and work near mt elliott.
Just gave my copy of Richard Wright's Black Boy to my young neighbor who is w/The Nation of Islam. I feel like Michelle Pfeiffer
Guys, I noticed how America doesn't really have anyone. All the legends are dead, & no TEEN HEARTTHROB. I mean Justin is Canada's own (c)
Yes! Giants!
yes it's my old job. Is it surprising that I left?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Showers likely with isolated thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of showers after...
Y'all, ain't pop! She's a diva.. * Beyonce voice* Na, na, a diva is a female version of a hustlaaa'.
Homophobes suck too. And anything manufactured by Coors.
Pumped to head into the studio later to finish up these new tracks. Five new jams coming soon!
Josh is so cool for hacking my & 's Twitters! #NOTREALLY 💩👎
How can I perform with you? Your trumpeter Dontae knows me very well.
best idea ever!
tomorrow's headline: "Big 12 Asks Florida State To Prom"
Kobe trying to get number six
#GODUCKS!!!! All tied up and Oregon has showed heart!!! Lezzgo Ducks! 58-58 with 3:30 to go!!!
RT How pure is Ray's shot. Funny what happens when they run the offense through him
