was thinking the same thing, lost opportunity today, but still, major improvement > last years spring season. 2 finals, not bad.
Finally manged to link my old Myspace, my Facebook, and my Twitter together. Cool Beans Kid !!!
Wow juss barely waking up now i can't sleep oh well it is what it is
There is a Teen Wolf sitting courtside at the game. A real Teen Wolf.
A person's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
amazing. It really seemed to happen in the blink of an eye. I'll have to try and catch the end when it replays.
Young men: turn off that video game, turn off the music, and in silence contemplate eternity, and the One who formed you for His glory.
needs to accept me & my obsession with wiener dogs.. ❤
with what Xbox kristi ?
So if I ask for a hug today will I get anther excuse of jow I'm not good enough can. U just for once tell me. I'm perfect the way I am....
Finally starting the process of packing my room. This makes me quite happy :)
I will miss #Peyton Manning being with the Colts. Thank you for everything, big guy.
Sara, thank you for the ride last night! loved meeting you and Erin! xo
Trying To Figure Out what kind of animal someone looks like ..
All these ugly hoes
No radio show in the morning can compare to the
More followers please (: we follow back GO!
aw how come?? And just been super busy working
Fact: rain is NOT good on fire!
I think the guys are going to meet you for the head and stuff. I'm actually out of town, getting my braces off today. 😔
Goodnight my loves! Sweet dreams! -K .xx
My internet sarcasm identification is not very EFFICIENT, as your data would conclude.
the moon was unbelievably humongous... It was like a huge gobstopper : )
joey, jaime, dylan, mark, charlene
yea im good today at work now, tryin to go see the avengers tonight yall down?
The real leader has no need to lead--he is content to point the way
Lakers gone lose
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Brazil stays the largest coffee exporting nation, but as of late Vietnam has become a major exporter of robusta beans.
I've been great! Howw have you been?
What are you doing sunday? Come cheer on the Avon Walk for Breast Cancer walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW - plenty of parking!
but does it have to be? RT : two different ways of saying the same thing? :) #haz”
People treat you the way you allow them to treat you.
RT : To the politicians; Shut up and do something! We the people are sick of all talk, no do. Cut Spending!
Not taking reservations, sorry!
Class is a sunk cost. If you don't know what that means go to class.
Pats going one way, Jets another. Defense excelled but offense gave it away. Can u hear the faint chant growing stronger? S-O-J, S-O-J...
Two year old play dates, checking out , #tacobell drive thru
Bad Girls Reunion Tonight! Part 2 ... Oh yea!
13 different colonies wrote Constitutions before the US. To varying degrees, they carved out place of honor for belief in God w/o favoring.
Right, which is a good thing, but I foresee historians being bogged down with comments maintenance, esp if controv topic.
Dear KOBE: 28 points on 26 shots is not efficient. Why don't we try getting Bynum 26 shots for a change...
i have another paper due tomorrow and i have yet to start. oh well. IDGAF!!!
Omfg I'm done for the day. I give up.
Friday night is gonna get frisky on the microphone
": FYI Men: we girls need to be attracted to you too in order to spread. So if we get botox, it's botox for you too!"
Rihanna may be able to find love in a hopeless place, but Rochesterians can find it on Lyell Avenue if they have 50 bucks.
Do you cook for Easter or go out for brunch?
Okay so i love and with all my heart!!!
It's just really unfortunate for those of us who live here.
I wonder if Lu Valentino will puss our on coming to New Orleans this weekend?? And what excuess will she use?? Place your bets!!!
Nothing like a hot Guy throwing up in your bathroom. Damn you alcohol. :)
Gonna listen next, have already heard RT : damn yo.. listen/groove shark Beach House - Teen Dream, awesome album I
The Miller Lite “Vortex Bottle” helps you pour your beer faster. And to think, all this time I’ve been depending on gravity like a caveman.
have u met scotty emerick? Both of u, awesome!
You had asked what makes him qualified, so I answered with facts. Better Resume than Walker.
ust remember, when someone walks out of your life, it`s not the end of your story .It`s the end of their part in your story.
oh me me me!:D
My wknd car accident is prohibiting me from regularly scheduled classes and I'm so depressed about it :(
Wow. Wow wow wow. What the fuck ever.
it's too early to think
I bought it at H Mart,the Korean chain supermarket, my first time today, pretty good. Not too sweet
“: And now, former Colts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers. Nice Packers pickup.” boom
Monday thanx to ,, and for following us on Twitter!
#JustRead. Because some people can't.
Happy Friday! Where in the world will you be this weekend?
Phaedra is Silly
good lift, gotta push youself!
gods and generals is a high budget LARPing video.
Obsessive nose picking is called Rhinotillexomania. (via )
The time is neigh! Well almost! Have a happy new year and get ready for new songs and new lights and new sounds and new new new!
Stephenville, America tonight with Jason Eady and Ben Danaher. Bostocks is the place to be! Come on!
"Telephonic Appearance" is important has clients look in mirror during calls 2 practice smiling. Love it!
Happy Holidays to more of my favorite tweeps
i gotta do better :/. im start tomar reppin #teamdominican maa hard (as if we dnt now)
OH: There isn't a VIP bathroom?
i live like 5 minutes away(:
Locker channeled Steve McNair on that TD!
at rave???
It's Friday Friday I never has school on Friday !!!!!! Partying par
#tastemakersKS Hey! Lets network!
This is the first summer in a long time that I don't have multiple concerts to look forward to...this is not ok
This is just a bunch of horny teenagers packed in a room. Not fun.
I hope everyone had a Merry Christmas (:
So the Pirates are Jackie Mason in Caddyshack 2 (we try not to mention they ever existed)?
You can't make excuses when you are swept.
Happy Tuesday!! Its a BEAUTIFUL morning here in Houston, Tx. and we here at Lonestar Delivery and Process wish all of you a GREAT day!
Wonder if It will be sun and rain tomorrow to 😒
Congrats, Morgan! Wish I could see it.
is it true you have Spongbob underoo's on?
OK good night both
I am not ashamed of the ABBA dance party of one happening in my living room right now.
Y let WIND influence ur WHOLE life? U need ta hav SOME control. That "whatever will b, will b" is nun but Fairytale Crap.
Sounds like a plan! Yes! We will look for you at #HempCon!
Will be seeing Emeril Lagasse in T minus 24 minutes! Here's hoping there's a tasting during the show!
It was all a dream...
Having Someone Who Loves You Despite Your Faults♥
#TNC10 Malcolm Gladwell cites his New Yorker article "Million Dollar Murray" - it's cheaper to fund MH/SA treatment than not to.
Look at a day when you R supremely satisfied at the end. It's not a day when U do nothing, it's when you've had everything 2 do & you do it.
More than 3000 employees are threatening to strike at several hospitals in the Twin Cities. More info at 5am on
Or do people just panic?Do we just don't have the data on long term #preservation in a useful format, does that make us panic?
They called to tell me that I was going to be returning to RAW
#ItAnnoysMeWhen you say one thing,but mean a whole different thing ):
its sad bt true
It's crazy how the whole world can change over the course of one weekend. I still can't believe Mariah Carey had twins.
At movies now to see Inception in IMAX.
Don't miss Frank Gaard's show while you're --I went to see LifeLike & Waters & Gaard's what knocked me out most
+1 MT Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle.
Whoops! RT : '3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" "No, I'm hunting zebras. What a silly question?'
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas! Salud!
Really wish he used #DealWithItDogGIF MT : I officially endorse ! If he's not your favorite candidate
Don't forget about Joline.
(Avoiding the pissing bulls)
here with my homie
very cool to watch overijse on live tv last sun with , lars michaelsen next goal, live in belgium.
Good Morning to All my Family and Friends~~~~Have a wonderful day and remember, you are always on my mind!! <3
#nowlistening "North" by Planning on checking them out at #sxsw tonight and tomorrow.
Damn youse, Cox cable! :/ My cable and net are off till tomorrow. Scurvy, scheister, bastards. Bah!!!
happy birthday!
which candidate is the Tea-Party candidate I simply cannot decide! All I know is who I will never vote for!!
what are you doing up in these parts?
"A seat at the table" and "two-way conversations" are important to the success of ERM URMIA11#
oh genial jejeje
#ThankfuLee I will have help tomorrow Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner :D
will you ever notice me ? Really .. Ive waited for that day but I'm waiting for nothing :(
YEAH! There we go Melo!
yes...I will my steak medium well
Place for First Date (teenager)?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs I also don't trust Atlanta on 4th down
condolences on your loss an congrats on celebrating his life!
I'm coming down this weekend. You doing baseball and/or T&F?
...to students who ARE a good fit for grad school & who can't imagine other options.The pendulum has swung too far against it. (2/2)
SINCE WHEN IS THE #SOTU OPEN MIC NIGHT?
Colon has pitched 6
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back ~ Henry Youngman
okk off to study test tomorrow!!!
Our team member found an wesome nintendo coffee table
Follow on Twitter
Reyes reminds me of when skipper Jerry Royster held Jose Hernandez out the lineup in '02 to avoid the strikeout record.
Editing ppts for an e-product. An webcast on industrial headphones. #EPrdctn hour on the Twittery thing. My lunch "break."
Sox have played Cleveland 3 times already, now the Tigers 3 times and haven't played Minnesota yet.
Reg medical implications, not just about cutting costs. *Improve outcomes, dramatically reducing surgery time, reduce repetitive surgery.
Better rest up before on 4/1...
thanks girlie, have great weekend!!
Question, if sum1has dne some low &disloyal stuff, do I jus keep quite like nun happen&stay civil? Or EXPOSE dey ass if dey keep tlkn shit?
Michael Shane Photography now offers full HD video production. Email shane for more info.
Bill with 20-week abortion ban signed
Done! And , great job on the gender question. Thanks for the survey opportunity.
hard but try to focus on times when he won't leave because he's having so much fun
I feel like I've been living under a rock for not knowing about the Wanderlust Festival!
im cutting you off.
I wonder if #Obama reads the bible any!
What if learning still happened in a classroom?
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Oklahoma City! We return favors!! :)
dont worry your not alone i thought the same thing haha
FYI: The Democratic Executive Committees of both Jefferson and Greenbrier Counties have both called for primaries
Party time
Come on #byu!
I'm chilling reading a good book can u request me on Facebook hakim coombs
Waiting in line for presentation
I'm in Cincinnati!!! Had a pina colada and a tray of 7 layer bars waiting for me when I got home. My family is pretty cool :)
Looking forward to seeing Ronni and the crew again.
Thanks you are awesome!
thanks for sharing !
TV is a vast wasteland but I can't stop watching the show "Chopped" on Food Network.
Still on the computer with Lori
Technology is like an emotional roller-coaster ... Amazement & surprise to happiness and then aggravation when it fails to work
Gross MT : Chick-fil-A's Chicken Sandwich has TBHQ, a preservative found in perfumes. There's evidence it causes cancer.
A Fool-Proof Formula for Easily Creating Compelling Content
IT'S PLAYOFF TIME #YINZ! Flyers at Penguins 7:30 p.m. Today NBCSN Lets Go #Pens!
sorry daughter
Blasted Up All Night in the school parking lot xD then i yelled yolo cos some girl starred at me cos i was singing (x
you killed it on BET the other niqht !
RT : It's 90° and blazing hot now. It's just the beginning. --- Ah yes! Memphis in May!
Easy. He drives the show, it stands to reason he drives the car as well.
that was also quoted in 'the ultimate history of video games' as well though
u said u wanna dance! flash Dance the movie!! #wooooHoooo! did u gradumatate?
Why is there not more of a national dialogue on chapstick addiction?
I I almosted choked on it.... That sounded really wrong.
March Madness>World Cup>World Series>Stanley Cup>NBA finals>SB>Summer Olympics>Winter Olympics>Daytona 500
should throw another house party
We are trying to get some plane tickets donated. I'll let you know if we are successful.
heh it was a lot of fun. I would love to do it again. Bo on having kids! Hahaha jp
It's National Library Week! Stop by and leave a Post-It note on our board telling us why YOU belong at your library.
On tumblr. People are being asshats.
can't take 2d Andy into the pool :(
"Giving children a voice... valuing their words." Why informal learning in Children's museums aligns so well with Reggio!
A few of us will be in deep ellum tonight to see The House Harkonnen. Come have a beer with us and hear an awesome band! Cheers!
Travel Tip: To avoid being a target of crime, do not wear conspicuous clothing or jewelry and do not carry excessive amounts of money
is guna walk to school no more rides for him! Lol(:
hope you have a great time! make sure you represent all of us that can't be there! GO STEELERS!!!!
#20FactsAboutMe I have a lot of confidence when it comes to failing. If that makes any sense to you.
Today's Feature: Truffled Mushroom Burger w/ smoked cheddar & truffle oil sautéed mushrooms Soups: Korean Pork & Veg or Watermelon Gazpacho
How's Favre doing?
Just finished #reading #Stitches by David Small. It was AMAZING.
Roddy won Outstanding Graduating Senior in the School of Arts & Sciences (Elem. Ed.).
This mf fuckin up my order at McDonald's
Ugh eff you!
New Menu Items! Hot Noodle Bowls- Thai Salmon, Char Grilled Chicken and Red Miso Vegetable with Grilled veggies! Only $5
we're on at 7, but have some great friends in cool bands on at 1 and 3!!!
Now, that is some bullshit!
your making me feel awesome!!!
Going to be at NGS tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting folks.
You stinker! Okay, I'll do my best to find the pic.
Lets go
Feeling like I'm in a long distance relationship with San Diego lately. Gearing up for my fifth weekend out of town in a row!
YES hahaha & we gotta see monks again lmfao
Practice... Done..
I look at all this traffic and I'm like thank god I woke up early😁
I'd have to see where it's broken to tell you better.
Driving home from Dallas and blasting Opportunities by the Pet Shop Boys. Let's make lots of money!
The old are in a second childhood.
watched like 4 episodes in a row the other day and thought the same thing.
This "Shit Chicagoans Say" is hilarious! Its on point too...
I love BG... I just had to say that.... Your Welome..!!! Jk
Fantastic News the Music Video I Directed "SHE" for 2 Time Grammy Nominee Eric Roberson has been selected for an HONORABLE MENTION AWARD.
beautiful day in the mile high city!
I can match that. I've cried on the bus. Because I don't have a car.
My family is making me so mad today.
Memories! God's blessings on students, neighborhood, staff, et al!
thrilling. But me a little sick. Lol
That shit aint coo when i see girls on that real live Gang shit. Iz u really ready to die for dat set you claimin cuz dat shit
Brett have you ever seen a t6c drop a battery in less than 6 weeks? (Foot pod only) Cust Serv says 3 weeks for repair!
sending good thoughts and praying for your dad.
I think I can make an exception :)
Don't be careless! Your life is important! #TeeHee #DYAC ;)
Mimosas and bloodies in the hizzy
only when I work out
Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. I have 5 Fingers. & the middle ones for You. (;
"Money never starts an idea; it is the idea that starts the money. "
Tons of shows in the Twin Cities this weekend, what is everyone planning on going to?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! : D
A cat has nine lives.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY#futurehusband <<<<<<------Lol
What I'm saying is I'm not really functional without a bike.
Daniel, I live in Miami, and most people here just see me as a gringo! We are in a minority!
what the fuck??
Need more followers. Shout me out and get a Shout out back. Not even at 500 yet -_-
He was pretty damn good on Homicide too!
Saw fresh eel at fish market in North End, so awesome!! Now what could i do with it
Long term study regarding vitamin E ... increase risk of prostate cancer by 17%.. hmm what do you think?
Then you should! SWEATSHOP is fun, and now on DVD everywhere. If ravers kids getting hit with a sledgehammer is your cup of tea.
I can't stand him. He's such a Negative Nancy.
well, you convinced me to look at flickr. admittedly the first time in months. great pics of the fam though!
Dispatch from the Internet: "IF YOU WANT TO BE ALL RIGHT, FUCK YOUR LADY EVERY NIGHT! IF TOU WANT TO BE OK, FUCK YOUR LADY EVERY DAY!!!"
of course it is. Alright then.
Annybody in Tulsa have a drum set and or bass cab we can borrow for our show tonight at eclipse!? Will hook u up with a back massage
I'm loving Will's sarcastic comments about Madison being such a wonderful city in which to be homeless.
Can a million just fall on my Lap please!!!
yes :D you?
... Titans examiner = hillbilly news ... Don't believe a word
Excited and nervous for our LA Premiere!
have fun!! (wish i were there...womp womp.)
Too excited to see the #vanswarpeduk line up!!!!! :D
#ThanksToMyEx I realized if somebody wants to walk out of your life you need to let them go & throw that hoe a going away party.
Let me be clear, that's a suggestion I read on Lifehacker. Not something I learned from experience.
I fear that mayhaps Ken Starr failed to read the fine print of the #Big12 contract: any school may challenge another to a duel.
RT : Congratulations on Dusty's 1,500th career victory as a manager.
What kind of car are you buying?
Naw I think I still got the charger. Its cause I found my blue version pokemon. (X its 1(310)694-2136 just text me with your name
No prob, thank you, and back at ya! :)
i like food
Unless we make out I'm not honey, sweetie, darling, or dear.
Woohoo!!! Been looking forward to this for weeks!
Still Got It Video. Everybody Shut up
remind me to tell you about the book I just bought but the title escapes me, about consulting.
ChadWilbanks, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Unfortunately #BenedictObama is showing that Boehner might be right
MT : Come back soon! Indeed - had a ball last night talking programming and philosophy of computing with and
I think #Madonna is ready for Vegas..very entertaining
WATCHING SOME INTENSE VAMPIRE DIARIES! I LOVE THE WALKING DEAD!xx
Thx me too! Great suggestion.
thanks much!!
I love so much!!!
Thanks for the #ff!
been busy working three jobs. jIts hard work being a hustler like you.... how do we do it?
hehehehe the laugh is good... that is your selling point, would have won them over anyway!
Anyone in the US wanna text? DM me, numbers will be kept private :)
how can u watch tna,lol its lame lol
I hope it was a joke!! I wasn't watching closely so it definitely could have been. So crazy!
When I get a chance I will send you a tweet pic of the "Rawens" figure I got after the Superbowl year.
Simply based on vocal talent "All the Man I Need" from her live concert in 1991. I would also choose "A Song for You"
I wish I could record my dreams and watch them later.
I want to see a show called "I Didn't Know I Was Pooping" where it follows people who thought they were pregnant. --- Carly
really? do you have to tweet every single thing we do? haha #gettinoldfast :P
I swear I just saw Denzel Washington at McDonalds at 21st and rock. Evidently he likes the egg mcmuffin!
Did you go to #D2P yesterday? If not you still have a chance to see at booth 144.
When my two closest friends have the same bad ideas, it just makes me question there tactics of actually Going through with em.
what's new in your neck o' the woods?
Work till 3.
It's TRUE! I signed with VentureIAB Agency & TigerDogProductions for TV Show on NetworkTV in development now! Keep watching! So excited!
I'm so done wit bitches on here
Visually pleasing and functional RT : the outdoor fabrics have gotten so great
Hit us up on facebook.
Status Lounge is like OMG packed right now til 4am...get here now y'all.....eh wey wey....
TONIGHT we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter Than the sun -Fun My favorite song 
Last day in Seattle before moving to San Diego
If #waxing is done regularly for several years, permanent hair reduction may be achieved.
I thought Canadians couldn't lie?
Hooray! Congratulations
#MarchMadness can be intense and that’s why we love it. Dive into the action with our $5 mini burgers (3) and $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
My Night Did Not Go Well
How could you NOT imagine skipping through fields with Thor. Topless. Frolick away dear friend.
now following u and xoxo :-)
Atleast it isn't business related. Wooh, that was close. Have a great day everyone
I thought I wouldn't like Bridesmaids 'cause it was a "girly" movie but I ended up watching 'til almost 4am.Hilarious and great!
I need someone to mention me? I want more followers, please?
do u not get on here anymore? =(
Today is my brother's Birthday! Happy Birthday Kevin...I know that every day we discussed, but what would be my life without my brother?
MT : MLB tried to bully the reputation of an innocent man. Picked the wrong guy to mess with. Truth sets u free
a version of Memoir 44, an out of print game
I'm just happy it's not another condo complex.
Getting stuff packed up and thrown away.
you do the same hun! Muah! Go see "think like a man">>>
A winner never stops trying. -Tom Landry
yeah yeah yeah:)
Social represents a revolution in the industry matched only by stone tablet, printing press & the internet.
Your're welcome! So glad you had a good time!
No, the "perfect person" doesn't exist... until you fill out a job application
Today is International Boss's Day Off. On the anniversary of the assassination of Julius Caesar, all leaders should stay home today.
There is no limit to what I can accomplish if I know the direction I am going and am willing to make the effort.
Just announced! First band ever to play at the BMO Harris Pavilion is, wait for it...The Steve Miller Band.
yeah you do.
jessica's dad brought pizza \m/
No problem, what-so-ever! I'm sharing your blog with my aunt & fellow foodie (:
If it were, she wouldn't be my girlfriend.
I heard a guy likes to drink milk and occupy bathrooms
This oreo shake >>>
Motorz at The Frequency tonight. Be there or be stupid. Last show before our summer break!
hahahaha ill do it tomorrow they are on my myspace :,)
Home now. Guitar to be played.
All I see is teenwolf in my neews feed :)
Arizona magazine. "202" (Febuary issue) Did an awesome story on me regarding my passion creating my .. Loofah Soap Ped. Pal Foot Scrubbys
hahaha well i mean, when its people i just met...and i don't have to be the creep to friend them its nice :p LOL
what do you mean?
Dallas Mavericks' best not enough - ESPN
Thank you! Heating pads & margaritas tonight. Could be worse right? Enjoy your evening ~
Agreed! We are working with several performing arts partners to preserve performing arts for the next century and beyond.
I knew you'd be pissed. Ha ha.
One direction>life
Pearl jam better man :) I love you 100.3
lmbo! Blake, you are off the chain today! Way to go Jermaine- you got this!
That's an adorable name! I hope you get to keep her.
Calling all A/D UR invited to an evening W/ #ElleDecor NY showroom May 17 7pm-10pm. Come Celebrate with us!
#Panthers tie it up!
Powerful-will do :)
Yes, I will be renting real-live industrial studio space. But little at-home one was like dollhouse, sweet & cozy.
Looks like business is back to usual in methadonia. Junkie,dealers,hookers everywhere 21st and Maryland. #no hope
nice to see you're drinking good beer.
It was 1986.
In Israel it's twitter, in London it's twittah and in New York its twittur.
Double-header at Youth Theatre Northwest. AND the "sing every song in the show" contest. AND the talent show. WOOT!
actually is mine! doesnt have a clue!
This is victor , the person that sold me this, forgot to log out of there iPods twitter
I can't seem to find the tequila at this Bar 'mitzvah...really there Jewish mexicans>_<
Hey twitter I hvnt been on u as much as I always did (: lol
If Capital Gains taxes were eliminated and investment slowed, who would "win?" The guy with the greatest investment today-- Warren Buffet.
Two teens hanging out in lobby drawing in their sketch books while listening to soundcheck
Marco Torres, "we're blurring the lines between amateur students and professionals"
I'm 'All In' with Anger.
I was on the phone w/my Mom at the time! Hope both our families are okay!
what day is the team leaving?
"Mumble, mumble" What? "Mumble, mumble." What? "Mumble." Speak the f* up! This is payback for when I would mumble to my mother.
Getting ready to head back to Tisch for my final performance in the 5th Floor Theater at 111 Second Ave! These 3 years have FLOWN! :)
Days just fly by.
what's Tebow feelin with the Manning love fest going on in Denver?
Ausa I'm coming for you!
Follow me today
#Chiefs select Dontari Poe with No.11th pick in
P90X. You know it's successful when the muscles in your armpits hurt.
mother is the best bet and don't let Satan draw you too fast..
I see these athletes been firing back at skip Bayless lately
Glad you posted this. Meant to get it before and didn't. Now it's queued up on Kindle!
Q4) Helped create a new hire onboarding program with mentors.
Hello Michelle. I don't mind people trying to sell me stuff as long as I need it, it's good quality, and the price is fair.
spring break needs to come early
Prep work for "La Virgen", then bed early morning.
sorry I gots hacked
Just announced! Zenobia & Band - Dance Party 7:30pm tonight at Vanessie Santa Fe
My mom & I used to make May baskets & leave them on our neighbors' doorsteps. Such a great tradition fading away.
A1: Design is everything to us! Its everywhere in our everyday. It is who we are & why we get up in the morning :)
Accept all you want, advertisers know better RT Rush: apology accepted. Let's move on and talk about the issues. We're with you.
#ECEtechCHAT I use webinar, make them DVD with rhyming videos. We are making videos now for busy families, so they learn how to read books
Brownies baked. Ready for Chocolate World Expo tomorrow in Long Island. Special Edition flavors include Cappuccino and The Christine.
wow I should get to bed. I thought that said Gwenyth Paltrow was in center.
I am so sleepy, and the one old packet of Starbucks Via that I found is just too icky to get down my throat sans sugar. BLAH.
so do you think you're ready for marriage
It was so nice meeting you guys!!!
- That won't be hard. Yeah, here now. And so is the heat.
I think I'm doing a 5K that day... plus I don't have fat tires :)
I was so hype
Bears learned they better pay Forte and the haters learned how #CuttyDoesIt - How about we get Tebow as our backup QB/RB he can run all day!
Who wants to know what we are giving away when we hit 500 likes? It's going to be our biggest giveaway yet.
Almost tossed my iPhone cable out the window. Damned white #TickerTape! Lol
I am officially sick of school. Thinking of testing out 's method of drunk paper-writing...
Yes! Tell us how our skin can look as good as yours!! :)
it's huge! So I thought it must be packed when I got to the parking lot but its not too bad at all! Wacky new ellipticals too!
Fascinated by those slogans/ad claims that have an asterisk at the end, yet no footnote. Like they don't realize what that star is for.*
if we already have a trip booked, can they still donate the 4%
That hardcore video me and watched eairler. INTENSE. my dream tho!
Should I tell you what my classmates caught me doing that made them think I was a fairy?
FREE admission today and tonight for South First Friday! See the TECHStyle Art Biennial exhibit - a fusion of technology and textiles.
Just listened to Justin beibers boyfriend (how the fuck do you spell it) and I must say, I didn't hear any breakdowns,
OHMYGOD, thats how we do it
Xbox 720? Rumors confirmed? I doubt it. It looks like it'll be shit though...
My allergies got worse in #phx for some reason. I wasn't expecting that.
my birthday :P haha
Time to stop trying to reinvent the wheel. There's already a wheel. Patent no longer pending.
FOR MORE INFO. ON THIS GREAT ALL NATURAL PRODUCT LINE CALL 1(313)522-2307
Can we get some new facts instead of old ones
RT : #NC DID NOT BAN GAY MARRIAGE; they enshrined discrimination in constitution. #UCCs will continue to marry les/gay....
who is your Adam banks? Crucial
congrats girl!!! will you be joining me in NYC?!
congrats on signing with the #Packers !
OK. Catch up w ya soon!
that's what you do
hey there! Are you still interested in SLSM? Class starts tomorrow. DM me.
Rebasing sans coffee. Probably not my best decision of the day.
you find a ride I got you
Love you too girl! Hay why do you have to be so far away?
#IntelVisionary conference was invaluable. Brilliant presentation from Frank Luntz on reframing the technology in education discussion.
Welcome to our newest connections
Here's one for your #ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex list... Look at your watch! is notorious for that one!
Smile. Enjoy life. Love everything. It takes too much energy to find the negative in every situation
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 65
Happy Birthday ! :) you're finally 15 :D Have a god one! ^--^
Want a #MothersDay brunch the whole family will love? Come to in ! We've got something for everyone!
celebrating with hundreds who participated in Delhi, India #slutwalk protesting sexual violence!
Looks like magazines to me...
Working on my next song =] Gonna spend alot of time on this one and make it all nice and pretty =]
Everyone should go follow He has funny and amazing tweets. (:
hell yeah bro
Welcome back #87 heck of a performance.
moving moving, done on thursday, getting through it....
"Hey homie, you ever been in the pen? Hell naw, thanks for asking." Money Mike meets Damon in the movie, "Friday After Next".
I miss you , but things wouldn't ever be the same .
"We are constantly co-creating, whether we like it or not"
so much for an undefeated season.
Having a good debate between what a duck is and what a goose is>>>
right . We'll talk
Ugh. What a day.
Thank you for your response! Class act! His answer: "soul"
Everyone should follow they auto follow back and help you network to celebs, sports stars and more
so who's mad now? Lol but I'm sorry
Hollaaa! Chicken Pizziola footlong FTW! If you haven't grabbed lunch yet come get some at #SUBWAY :)
Looks great! Would love to win it.
Tryna make some moves
I'm kind of glad my fever kept me from going to school today. I don't like sad days.
my mom said she was going to smack me so hard I would wish I was somewhere else all I can say is too late
Great lineup for 's event Thur at Civic Center. How media covers #OccupySD. Details at www.spjsandiego.org.
This could be paradise. :)
Loud and clear RT ": Test"
thanks for coming out! can't believe we missed you at #rockbox #karaoke for the after-party. rain check!
shawn's on 91.1 on st paul, minnesota public radio (MPR *not* NPR) tomw at 10 am central. Show is called 'mid-morning'.
I'm being followed by Tom Cruise updates lmao
Ok, then. Sunday I'll wait for your tweet <3 Xoxo 💗
Have not forgotten. Recording, will listen again as I explore Wordpress later. He knows his stuff. I just don't get it right now
Have never watched a men's college playoff game live. Trying something new today :)
we hope to reach an agreement by senior night tip off
dang what's up Fam get to little work and you too good for common folks
congrats on your first ~ glad you had a good time!
New Twitter background photo by D.C. awesome dance photographer Maggie Picard from show!
Hello to you too!
Attacks like #Gernika continue today; what do we do when perpetrators are still in power & their stories remain as unchallenged history?
Why is this week going by so slowly?
time for chuck and wickett now get too the studio.
As soon as the lights went out, my mind was blown. RT Tonstartssbandht's actually the best band ever
Headed to Throne Zone in Va Beach--missed flight in atlanta--now on my way--looking forward to tonight!
Another touchdown....green&yellow
via who, Christian?
where you at bill Bellamy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY its actually not ur bday yet in chi town buutttt im gonna b busy tomaro so im wishing u a happy bday now! ;)
Thanks for joining me from guys!
I also like to believe that Dio was a centuries-old wizard himself
I love this old show "Candy" *.* It's such a cute story <3
I never met anyone at university to help me with what I'm doing; no one I met there was willing to be so.....real.
We are open today! 12-7pm. Come on in on your lunch break or after work and enjoy this day!
": #thatawkwardmoment when your teacher wears less clothes than you."
This is just getting ridiculous.
hm... But the smell.
Colts draft RG3. Redskins get screwed. Browns trade Colt McCoy to get RG3. Luck lands in Seattle.
of course u did as I said it has been my honor to chat with u honestly from the bottom of my heart thank u!!
Like #mayweather in 12 with a unanimous decision
follow my homie
c'mere baby...I'll make it all better...lol
Enjoying my weekend away with Annie. After 10 years of being married, I still think she's pretty much awesome.
Not too thrilled about MCAS this week.
Thanks! RT : I really like your twitter name! "Cool Math Guy" ~ Awesome!!!
Just kidding. They're delayed.
Hey buddy! I'm doing alright. How was SXSW?! What time are you going to be in the "office"?
Proposed oil tax for schools? Great cause. But with gas at $4/gallon-good luck!
As are you! More soon. :) xox
Off to the beach ;D gonna get my tan on!!
#FavMoveQuotes my name is brennan but you can me night hawk.
First week of classes going well! Give a shoutout if you are in 1 and loving it!
Joel from cried when he saw the commercial.
I think I'm gonna cry cuz u don't notice meI really would be so happy if u follow me
Run? For fun? You be crazy kid...
what's the holdup?
Just passed 12 dump trucks at -midnight. I hope bruce willis knows about this.
HomeGain Releases 2012 National Home Improvement Survey Results
Snip, Burn, Solder, Shred Will Make You Want To
choco cookie please
#Happy Friday to you!
On tap, #SeattleBeerWeek Brewing Watershed IPA, Collabowabo American Red, Imperial Chocolate Porter, Amber Ale
I don't have a clue what that means.
was upp boo
Ha - nice!
Just woke up from a 4hr nap....man I didn't want to do that!
Project Advisory Board Members! #FF , , - KC, - Spencer, , ,
Mum said to delete a picture on her fb cus I put a pic of "almost" naked men on it. No it's just a pic of mine & it shows up on ur wall! Lol
Wow. Guess it's time to keep the faith. what's up with KC?
Yes time is the factor! Lol
Less than $4 I eat like a king @ Jack in the Box. Same price, I eat like a Jack in the Box @ Burger King. Think about it. It makes no sense.
Should be all better.
Dinah Lenney - Memory and mortality can be motivating
I'll have to sell him my new glasses that can tell you the suit of the next card. They're guaranteed to work 25% of the time.
Keep smiling :) even when things go wrong. its hard...i know..
Id like to see some legit D help & yes that means bringing JOduya back. Not sure about a goalie, Craw is signed cheap for 2 yrs
are you taking the comp exam Friday?
Now My Energy Company provides Solar Panels to Commercial and Residential Customers in Cali Zero Down if u qualify Call 1-646-397-9817
Thanks for standing up to MSG. They want subscribers's money to pay for renovations at the Garden.
Today is the day I register for school. Here we go!
I did.
“Eenie meenie miny moe, caught you cheating with that hoe. you tried to lie right to my face, think again, you’ve been replaced.”
... Well yes, among other thangs.
Does anyone else think that somewhere Ray J was watching Sat night as he was replaced by Bieber on the Money team..
Will do! I told her you're "the woman" to talk with!
I just realized all this work n no play I ain't been out since new years .... " they say hard work pays off... Wrong! It pays good ass hell
Calling #wives & #mommies! Follow for tips on living the fab life!
A relevant German degree? I'm sold! RT : University of Colorado proposes 4-year #PhD in German. ://t.co/CnILr4vS
I like how deng slips and it's a foul on kobe, but no travel call on the up and down and Kobe can get raped twice with no call. Nice refs.
i love my nerdy moments <3
Check us out this morning on KGW with Drew Carney as part of our Heart & Stroke Walk preview!
I should have known! :) Any day works for me. Pick and I'll put you on my schedule.
Mr. Feldman. i forgot to set my DVR. do you know when is the next time ESPN(2) will be showing yesterdays broadcast? Thank you
Just got into a wheel barrel accident injured 3 Brazilian kids April fools! They were from Sudan Brazilians are weird.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust567777775
its in the final stages of editing!
#PinkTip Planning and praying is great but you need to get up and apply ACTION towards your goals.
hope you tweeted before driving!
interviewed a really interesting and thought provoking film maker yesterday. Alex Rivera, check out his debut feature film "Sleep Dealer"
Females just cant wait to bring out the booty shorts. lol
What u eating? : I hate waitin...especially on FOOD!!!
Stand down, it wasn't an insult. :)
Not only do they lack balls - they lack imagination. No one can fault FoxNews for creativity. And don't even get me started...
Anybody want to go dancing?
oh yes when I first got sick it took them 4 hours to do it since I was stubborn
Love her!! She teaches an incredible class.
you changed it to 6.16?
laila, please just ask again pleaseQ!!!
so true
clean balls?
That's a solid jam. RT : Correct. I am listening to Prince's "Diamonds and Pearls." And?
i can't follow people because i don't have alot of followers
At the hospitals pharmacy waiting for my grandmother's refill...long wait ahead of me.
I would have gone
heard about #muppetoscars and i think it's a brilliant idea! i love the muppets!!!
damn. If you hadn't put the clash in there, I was going to say Nickelback is better than them all. Haha. Just couldn't.
Good Morning... Happy Saturday :)
Every team I cared to see advance is done for the year. Let's go #49ers ?
Nice evening, setting back watching a movie.
i dont have a link but its on the steelers website about the fan fest
Two offensive rebounds ties the game. You're kidding me C's...
Overtime has started, so far the ball has been keep in UNM's end, but no shots by the Bulls yet.
the one and only! 1 hour to beautiful downtown Corning...
haha bro it's the steelers and packers. and gay fucking black eyed peas.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Ready to jump on the treadmill.
Look at our new QR code ads!
Well, at least Frenchy isn't batting 5th. There's something for that, I suppose.
CLICK ON THE "LOCATIONS" page at the top :-) “: I don't see anything on your website about stops.Am I missing it?”
I bet he liked the trailer.
Form : "So yeah pick an action but I won't give you any hints about which one is correct until you do it right"
Voting on civil rights is some serious bullshit.
damn, Sampino's just changed my life.
Job Link Now: Big City Diner (HawaiiNewsNow) - Big City Diner is hiring! Here to tell us about a few positions that are available is Walt
Finally, some of us are so pro-choice, pro-LGBT, anti-racism, etc., we're just NOT gonna get behind your candidate. Dealbreakers, ya dig?
Question for #historyteachers: I think the Denver Post had a slideshow of color photos from the New Deal. Anyone have a link for that?
got on sunglasses and still ugly
I am at cali. Ballet waiting for my daughter 's dance class.
is frustrated that his place always looks worse when he tries to tidy up & then it takes even more time & effort to tackle the entire mess!
Spring has sprung in Orlando...time to hit the waterparks. Here are some answers to FAQ's about Disney's Blizzard Beach:...
The homeless teen shelter behind my work is blaring crappy RnB.
I'm on twitter and facebook talking shit!
Traffic SUCKS!
U SO UGLY
Derby Day!
the only teams that won trophies this season were; Liverpool, Chelsea, and Man City. So ahi esta tu puto "gane algo"
Boom boom baby pick you up in my Mercedes
lmaoo i deny all these allegations
shut up
Go ahead and send the list. We'll see what we can do. Can't promise they'd be fixed any faster though
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Happy Birthday Week to of ! Thank you for the amazing work that you do! Celebrate with some beautiful birthday Bits!
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I expect nothing for anything I do you nice words in return.
How do you think text fundraising could impact future elections?
Miami Dolphins confirm visits from free agents Rocky McIntosh and Tyrell Johnson - Sun Sentinel Found on Bing
I love you like a love song baby:) #singit!
sweet Loving caretaker. Feel better soon!
You're very welcome sis. :) <3
Jarvis: Do the crime, do the time
New kitchen faucet works great! Recently-repaired toilet still functioning. I'll give a guarded "yay."
“: And yet the haven't sent any money... #wiunion" if heads weren't up asses, they'd send BO in comfy shoes, check in hand
#first40songsonshuffle 15. Forever Young - Jay-Z ft. Mr. Hudson
Your knowledge is not what gets people saved; it is the spirit that reveals Christ.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.-Benjamin Franklin
You are in time out, young lady. ": Sendak your curry if it's too spicy. Yauch!"
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
can you make me squirt?
did we make out with the same chick last night?
You get in trouble, I get you out. That's how we roll.
I love this!!
Thnx for the candy today ! That's how you start a term!
Do you want to come live with me for a while Lillie?!?
RT ah! its the home stretch till graduation! Lol thanks for encouragement!!
The stars are projectors - projecting our lives down to this planet.
FOUND! RT HELP RT!coworkers sister biked Campbell Creek trail at 6a from Dimond to Ambassador Dr(East ANC) and is missing!
The thunderstorm taking place outside is making me want to curl up in bed....not do homework.
Like A Prayer during Super Bowl halftime.
Tomorrow is Free Coffee Friday already?! Well they do say that time flies when you're having fun... :)
We keep getting conflicting messages about Arlen Specter's sanity.
I am missing a big part of my life right now....football
I know! Doesn't look good!
Wanting to get back already & spark up with my nigguhs
shout out to exercise. we're gonna run today
I would love if putting sunscreen on you was MY day job. :)
minus 1 e
Is the Bulls score correct? I scored more runs in Wiffle Ball against than both teams have tonight
I take it dinner didnt go so well
with that said, the impact of those mistakes late can be much more costly
thanks for the follow...thanks for all you did this past season, you really stepped it up for us! #GoMagic!!!
openness on the Academic Web: putting a course online and not behind a pay wall. One that everyone can participate in
Session today with it's going to be off the wall for sure.
Id like to meet her if you're ever up for it. ;)
I know people hate facts, but seriously//“: Wins vs FBS teams with winning records: OSU has 7 and Bama has 3”
The great moment when you write the intro to coursework and update your awesome blog.
my good friend ,you have dms
Video Killed the Radio Star was the very first video
Ahem. "Her" show? It was in my goddamned home!
Tuition costs are rising and R unfairly high do to price fixing amongst universities and this injustice is being supported by student loans.
we saw a peacock in the parking lot of quik trip today... gettin it's head bop peacock swag on... "this right here is my peacock swag"
Relationship dependency is not something I look in to.
God I can't wait to move out of my house...
bahahaha- note to self: new swimsuit idea....
"I just texted u...why didn't u answer?" Because we are literally 5 feet away from each other...
tattoo the throwup
I’ve passed your thoughts along to Zeno, Very convenient since his fictional creation is in my brain!
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on wednesdayy(:
Fuck everything and go after your dream. You have one life make it count
seen the yoplait greek ads near Ashland & Division? Go to www.greek4good.com to see what's going on.
Ok question one who is the best QB without an MVP award? Brees, Eli, Aikman, Staubach, Kelly, Moon, or someone else?
how high can you go? #lets dew it
sort of
Looking forward to tonight's and Let It Roar at the , who's with us?
about to eat
I was giggling when I read your blog post! :)
Got up to do yardwork, and the mower died halfway through.
I'm hungry, will someone bring me food? ...Today's outfit: khaki shorts, green t from Ireland, khaki ribbed brown sweater. So cute. :)
I am finally leaving T-Mobile and Straight Talk going with Virgin Mobile USA after carefully researching on $$$ savings, quality and freedom
Kodak rules! Love that the ink doesn't run!
Secretary-General: "Only 61% of people in sub-Saharan Africa have access to improved sources of water... in most other regions is 90% or +."
GLASS OF PINO FOR RAMONA, PLEASE.....!!!!
Why are you fucking yelling in the dental office.
here's a dinner suggestion for next time...Sunda...about 110 W. Illinois..you won't be disappointed..:)
Thanks so much. Exciting opportunity and great people! Happy Holidays!
I truly love 's character! Win or lose he doesn't waiver!
Dec 3rd Woodfish & friends Zak Smith, Kings Highway & Hoodless @ Paul's Tavern in Lake Como. Art exhibits by Sean Cahill, Ronnie Jackson +!
Loved watching the bills today. Great win
I was sad to hear yet, again another singer David Peaston died... My prayers are with his family and loved ones.
is that much prettier without braces #howisthatpossible?
left us alone in class.!D:
When grown business men reply to emails with smiley faces.....cute but kinda weird.
man.... ill be at the AZ BBQ Festival this weekend. ill be eating bbq al weekend. lol
Thank you! Delicioso!!!!!
We are absolutely enjoying the lovely day and the view! Enjoy the rest of your Wednesday!
I only just now stopped giggling over that Track and Fail video. Goodness. and increase the funny by like 1000.
happy birthday to my nephew! a big 4!
#2011icf. Attending China: The Final Frontier... Stay tuned for insights!
Midtown efficienies opening up this week and next.
thanks!! :D
thanks for reading! I'm not too informed on Valley Mexi eats, but consult 's blog or ask him directly.
Time to clean the kitchen UGH
Can I quote your presentation at last year in my #sxsw talk? "We don't need another FaceTweeter." The best.
Pulling off a double header yesterday isn't too shabby my friend!
I wish that my dreams come true and you follow me! ♥ Girl you are my hero! my role model! Thanks to you I am stronger !♥
Thanks for the follow
get at me have some great deals right now 5173043525the real deal
I'm predicting 4-3 Chicago in the Eastern Conference Finals. There. I said it. RT : Yea but Miami will win 4-2...
+1 RT : i hate it when i'm showing a comp to my client and they touch my screen/monitor.
In unrelated news I'm dressing like a lesbian more and more everyday.
My ego needs a good swift kick in the arse.
- follow me.?! please.?! i effin' love youu!!!(; it would be my dream-come-true if u did follow me!!(;
Wussed out at gym and cut cardio short. Passed Jillian Michaels cardboard cutout on my way out. Now I'm ashamed.
who's this?
Nihil Sub Sole Novum => Nothing new under the sun
which website are you using? Could it be that the images are still downloading? that happens until they are fully downloaded..
Learning something new should you make you a little uncomfortable
why so much celebration over his death?
I know! Why does it feel like I haven't seen you in forever? I miss you too!
Calling Girls Lacrosse Somerset County Finals and Morris County Finals all on Saturday!!! Great matchups!!!
how did you find out?!
There is nothing like a cold beer and free time.
its the Best City in the North East
oh, that's pretty dang awesome. I wonder how long before Cal comes out with a better one ;)
I meant gronk. Damn smart phones auto correcting!
Hey, yeah! I'm not much of a jogger, but I do love some tennis... I'd also like to swim at the Tosa pool more this summer.
Fuck ! I want a good ol' fashioned COMPACT DISC! #ExLives time after work? I think yes.
I could probably use a lesson
lmfaooooo !! Aw Damn girl that made my day!
Thanks to for your Diamond level sponsorship of #CommLab2012 - PRSA MI Conference
They really had the kid walk home from downtown in his jays...
On the brink of self destruction
It's true. I was there & saw you, separated by a crowd and lots of people frantically carrying posters.
Feelin like I got tiger blood
Yes, please do! Thanks! I'm well... Enjoying a day off. How are you?
Ah! U shoulda said what's up!
Happy to provide the nostalgia! What would be ideal? If you came BACK to CA! Hello
Need to help our friends in the East. I will gladly adopt a family in need, come be safe. If in Tokyo send me a tweet, need a place? Best!
Working out then drinking... Good combo, right?
That lasted about four months. A part-time temp job helped tremendously. You're going through lots of changes.
i love wikipedia, saves my life everyday
TUESDAY Special!!! 14" Pie for only $8.99!! All Day, Every Tuesday
I'm down for whatever!!
Hate waking up to some weird ass times in th night -_____-
of course not, they're amazing :)
Anyone have a good lentil soup recipe? I've never made it.
The wife should not leave her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife. - I Corin. 7:10b & 11b
« Do I have a girlfriend ... Well technology No ..if you be my girlfriend, then ill make it so !!»
*Godz Messenger Ministers at the Vault Secular Club with Bobby Stevenson April 19, 2012 105 Winter st Boston Ma 11pm Wise Men Marketing
Sean: So the gas is on, but there is no fire. Sai: Uh, the stove is electric
Is is going down?!
great since my 🍀🏀 Celtics won the series 🍀🏀
who know bout Mr.Lucci??! #TEXASFREESTYLEMASSACRE jammin right now
HNY. visions of football in our heads.
I'm up in the Berkeley hills waiting on the lunar eclipse. Its a wonderful night for a moondance.
no, just followed the gala affair on Twitter.
I spent time on your website today and wanted to thank you. I'm so inspired seeing what you carry! Makes me feel brave.
Thanks for the RT, and for all the Denver "Best" love!
Stupid Facebook.
RT : It's nobody up for me to text or talk to....hmu
these bulls wont go away!..Im a Heat fan but much respect to derrick rose fam...
will do captain
#Pens better really give a damn this whole period. Bryzgalov does suck so some effort would really give them a shot.
Last time I went to pick up in Hempstead I saw a papi get shot lol
Good morning beautiful Tweet family. Today will be a Good Day.
I didn't listen to the Beastie Boys so I can't really take part in the grieving today. Oh wait, am I making someone else's death about me?
#UBAKPsi will be hosting an Open Mic/Talent Night at 8pm today in the Hadley Community Center! Come out and have fun!
Sup!!!! Are you ready for BCC!!!!
I hear you don't let it ruin your day just focus on your goals and success cause your haters are your true motivaters
check if cisco works pls
Never been part II
how many classes need to learn? :)
More sessions today..I'm so happy...
pink label would be key!! Glad you like it
Scary! #AVATAR!!!
A ZuZu Frozen Lemon-limeade is the perfect snow cone alternative.
....phone's off....Betrayel!
be strong /:
In/near #ClvdHts? Watch for 40 new app sites this summer! Join us for an app-enhanced Coventry Village tour May 19.
I'm suddenly feeling very tempted by the new John Irving galley. Has anyone else read it?
watching now.
can we make our bats out of foie gras instead?
Cheaters never prosper!!
Drat! Didn't reply did I … I did receive the final project email.
Boy, stop with your limp dick.
Bob Arum Says Floyd Mayweather Jr. “Has No Chin” - Claims Floyd Fears Pacquiao’s Right Hand, Will Never Fight Him
Why is my internet being slow? -_-
/sigh - the geekiness is clearly on overdrive when you think you saw the phrase Dr. Who in your feed, and discover it was wishful thinkin'.
Appreciate it!
second people my age think they 'experienced love' .. plzz the only love you experienced is loving your family
Advice: avoid eating dinner with brand-new iPad on lap
If Zimmerman lived there and patrolled the neighborhood nightly, why the need to check the street name? What a sociopathic liar!
Sleep sleep sleep work work work
Annoys me when people hit you up like "what's up stranger" um u don't call or text me...so I sure in the hell ain't calling or texting u
Ughh missed the school bus and city bus, I guess it's not for me to go to school today#tired af
How does not LEAD it's broadcast w/ injustice of #TrayvonMartinMurder? They close w/ it so U can turn off b4 it airs.
Need a Break from the relatives ? Christmas Eve @ One Up Come jam out to the hottest tracks w/ our resident DJ's, DJ 12 Tribe & Tre B.
Happy 10 months to my man :)))
Leave it On the Floor: Review by Jessica Schauberger - Seattle University Spectator
: yess.. yess it would.!! Haha so what's up with you; how you been.?? :)
Lets see what tomorrow brings
I think I might go stay w/ mii grandma!
Never in my life have I wanted to flip off a firefighter. But never has a parade of them hollered at me.
Indulge your girlness.
welcome, I love that wine too. :)
Thank you...I'll check him out!
The immaturity of people is gettin out of hand
ryan folloe back ?:)
Selena Is Incredible whilst sucking juices
Count Down til my Bday! In 7 days This year I will have two celebrations "Miami and DeLand" #ICE!
bad Jimbo. You're a bad influence
00041 Thu05jan12 . Clock in 1600 . Folding plastic bags today . no broadcast
Ann Coulter annoys me...arrgh. The bottom line is is that a child was killed and NO ONE has been arrested.
We obtained our name! (). We can now say goodbye to () which is now available to the public.
yes! I want to see you all!!
A lot of homeless guys hang out at Celtic Garden & Howl at the Moon. Right across the street from Randal's
Our 3rd Annual 5k/10k is just around the corner! Register your team today by clicking on "Create Your Team" in the link!...
Upgraded from a 6yr old pro to an Air....didn't think I could love another Mac as much, but I was wrong. HIGHLY recommend it!
great movie man great movie
Hey friends, hits the stage of the LC Pavilion in Columbus, OH this Friday with Ted Nugent, R u going? #nugenttour,
RT Watching the fight... with your face balled up... and you don't know why..smj
it makes me so sad knowing my hero will.never notice or follow me it would make my world if you did ur amazingly adorable <333
Just had my heart broken
H 2 holy S
30 more 'likes' until y'all get some downloadable TDOMB classics. Please bring the fire as far as promotion goes. We'd appreciate it!
but Lebanon and Serbia have Internet cafes
How Red is the NC county I live in? 77% voted for Amedment 1 on Tuesday. Sigh.
I like fountains. WINK WINK NIGGGA.
soo i think ferret makes you high..lol, wut?
RT RT : If u cant #BringHerHomeToMom maybe u should just leave her ass at the club!!!!
please notify brandon that that picture is shit.
I'm super pumped for my first guitar lesson tonight.
is writing a poem that is inspired by painful memories..
THE ONLY #GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE W/THE INTELLECTUAL HUFF TO STAND NEXT #OBAMA IS HUNTSMAN. #GOP/TPers TOO STUPID TO KNOW IT.
I think I should hit the gym today...
#Scandal is easily the best new show on TV, broadcast and cable included. How does it feel ?
the difference between Obama and Bush are night and day. We had good reason to call him "not so smart"
hey how are you?
lol I like that people have freedom
Last summer was THE best...hopefully this summer will at least come close!
“: The #Bucks still sharing the ball well with 17 assists in the 1st half. Be Together. #BeMilwaukee” Love my Bucks!!
I never go out anymore fackkkkk
is job hunting and eating too much.
Ethan said he wants people to bring something for the families at for his bday instead of presents for himself!
What was your craziest night in #Vegas?
Art Opening happening right now at the library for Noreen O'Toole!
when ppl retweet stuff that you tweeted months ago ! lol
I'mma Conceited Nigga I must admit because of
wow. Nope. Sorry.
My mom called me and said text back wit Yo titties on it o_O
Thx for RT! Blog post by : Dan Rockwell, Leadership Freak, had an auto accident and needs our help.
Everytime I think I'm over him he does something to pull me back in
At Gannett Leadership presentation
Hi, thanks as always for your never ending support!
No problem. Nice "Moneyball" pitch. Tellagence sounds very interesting. I'll definitely have to check it out when it's available
is it bad form to contact the hiring manager for a job you submitted an application/resume for? Should I just wait for HR?
: Guys, if you don't have Batwoman #1 on your pull lists for September, WHAT IN GOD'S NAME IS WRONG WITH YOU?”
that was some jaw dropping ish right there lol
steamroller , drunk and L-boy interlude Ctfup I can't decide between them
shout out to all the good girls that aint went bad yet
wat is your artist name?
Last Buck to start in the NBA All-Star game. Never. Records go back to the mid-80's. Last Buck in the game was Michael Redd in 2004
I'm about be being here.
40% of people will decide based on a church's online presence whether or not to even walk through the door.
Adorable picture!
I don't put much stock in the whole "appearance of evil" thing, but I do for the "appearance of good". :D
we're awesome! we have a great show coming up tonight!
I feel like cryin
lol im kidding who is this person mentioning me? btw
I love how 2 first downs is considered a drive
Keep A Couple Wet Wipes Incase A Groupie Touch Me.
Alas! imagine a Turing test in < 140 characters. Over and out...
Are you in Bmore do you have skills that could be useful to young entrepreneurs looking for a cool way to volunteer get YOURS! dm me
Bus owner: we need a restorative justice system for people who pee in public (ie you get caught, you have to clean new PSq restroom)
WELL IDK ABOUT THE AUSTIN GUY PART BUT ALLY IS AWKWARDLY HILARIOUS
A really touching NYT story about our own Paul Cebar mourning a personal loss
Ok, so we're not streaming the drum video session today. Too much to get done to do it.
just accidentally put myself through watching the entirety of Please Give.
- Yes! I would like to come visit! Just… need… to … save.. money… :(
I can't wait until next week to see and punk demi lovato
I like all of thows songs! :]...my fav by rascal flatts is what hurts the most carrie underwood is
presentation done....1 exam to go this week!
praying for you
youre right! At least there are some free services available. but,
Let us all say it together, "red team sucks!"
fags with #attitude I can't take that 😡
Double pits to chesty
Follow back? :D
I recommend reveling in not knowing.
bathtub gin
Jeff in. Dan out.
Turn on Wed. 9am for a segment on Collin County Council on Family Violence.
Thanks! It definitely is a labor of love :)
RT : Question of the Day: Do you think crowdfunding (i.e. Kickstarter) is the future of film projects getting funded?
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them … into the impossible. -Arthur C. Clarke
Review roundup: Verizon iPhone 4 is same set, different service
Thank you!
JOIN us for a Beach Invasion July 8-9 at Haulover Beach! Look for the Tropic MiamiBeat Pavilion then Join us for a night that's even hotter
Somebody txt me.
Thanks! I believe we used your data, with some modifications. Great website and apologies for not citing!
When kids start something in #Evernote, they can work on it from the classroom, from home, from library, from anywhere.
#FF is doing amazing work around #ICT and humanitarian response
Maybe Kathy needs a visit from say 50,000 of us tomorrow. She can't get away with it two times in a row.
I thought your ass was taking a nap!! Stop tweet watching.
That's been sitting on my queue for over a year...is it worth finally watching?
got hooked up with 2 chicken soft tacos today... good lookin out
The setlist for Saturday show has been one of our most internally debated, but we think we have a great one for ya portland
Messing around with my new phone from . First thing I did was watch chocolate rain. Works great so far.
When your lights start flickering on and off and your in the shower
Beautiful day in LA! Teaching at the Young Actor's program at The Lee Strasberg Theater Institute!
me to
Dear , #Buffalo loves you too!
"The Long Rows" 1966 -Benny Andrews. Intriguing, view from the height of a child looking at their mother bent over, both working in fields.
why the frown?
In any situation know what your getting yourself into.
I'm sure everybody gets nervous on that one! You do great!
Football, cartoons, and now.. Modern Warfare with the lil bro SHIT JUST GOT REAL SON!! #AMERICA!
Love for my boys! Go
Have you ever hauled anything WEIRD in your car?
Fluffs pillow, tucks myself in and begins to listen RT : speaking of that say I have a story fur you
dont do it. root for the orange . think orange and black. still some room on the #Flyers bawagon. I'm driving.
well listen baby maybe I don't want a housewife
Well you've somehow managed to make it without me for the last month.. :(
Poor girls haven't realized what a douche bag they have on their hands.
Rest in peace, Dick Clark.
lol so true
Examining my morning news with a cup of coffee. Wishing for a relaxation day.
Watch Carl On Fox Business with Neil Cavuto at 6:00 P.M
Lunch with Wondering if he'll treat his big brother to lunch or not. I'll find out soon.
Details about a cover contest will be posted shortly. Who's got what it takes?
This is (guy) Kelly. I think Andy and Steve have both used this once in the past too.
Missed this earlier! Thanks as always for Tweeting about The Bandee :-)
Rise and Shine. Morning world. Here's Day 2.
oh how fun :)
Reuniclus, you mute lunatic, you're a genius!.
yes please!
Am I losing you...?
I must say, listening to my #Spotify playlist today has made me feel like a little bit of a bad-ass.
happy birthday to me
A colleague of mine found a photo of someone else receiving a design award for her work... what would you do in her shoes?
Thanks for the follow, Coach!
Stop. Shooting. 3s.
I have to see the avengers today.... not waiting anymore
And 22 million for , you go glen coco!
you eat diary
you remember me, huh?
I'm ready for new video to come out tonight! ha
I'm resting near Allentown PA, on my way to teach a workshop in Williamsport. This is the 4th year, and these kids are great.
have you tried the "don't blame the messenger" gambit? You can also remind them tomorrow's Friday too. Sleds on Saturday!
Last minute #deal, TAX RELIEF #discount. Get 15% off your entire order, enter discount code TAX2012 at checkout.
Wait for the iPhone 5 to come out next month. Since you already have an iPad, the OS will be a piece of cake!
thank you for following me
Traveling to your wedding by car? Hang your gown so the bodice is facing the car door & drape the gown front to back across the back seat.
checking out #Sonicbids event at
WEB NEWS: ThriveSolo Giveaway
RT : A4: Branding/connecting with an ethnic identity ie Little Italy or Chinatown still seems to be very powerful
how did it go?
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
#YouMad has like half the female population checking him out
Pregnancy cravings success today - both flavors of ice cream I bought (raspberry sorbet & java chip) are sublime
Just got back from a 12 mile run in coconut grove :-) Gotta LOVE morning runs!!
TRX time...time to pay for the doughnuts !
why is my iPod down my shorts...? I am extremely confused
Sorry to hear it. Tell 'em you have a dagger!
RT : "Social media is not about being everywhere. It's about being great at where you are." -
Time to #donatelife. :-)
Where would I buy that at?
Watchin the Heat game highlights piss me off. U never go off on yo coach like that. They were losin anyways he wuda sat out til after 4th.
what u doing ?
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch that it pills like a bananna
uh-oh. I predict it'll be #5shitbooksandcounting. I was really disappointed by it (only made it through about 60 pp,).
hey i just bought one less lonely girl and one time on itunes. can you follow me?
fake and gay
what if i miss talking to you too?
this line is so long and there's 2 hours left till they open the doors DAMN you get more famous each second! c:
LEE County Courier- Review of MACEDO- in Mississippi!
Dear Tweakers...you rock.
Friends of St. Mary's Park in the historic Seaton Hill neighborhood talking about their success w/ the Partnerships for #Parks program.
what are you doing??
go brewers!! world series or bust
Especially when I wear my cowgirl boots with my.... love you
Hm...I'm bored @ the airport guess ill start tweeting. Hi :-) have a great weekend
Hellen Mirren forgot to mention the fact that Morgan Freeman married his own granddaughter.
THANK YOU."Nerds" don't fucking exist anymore. They're a stereotype that died in the 1990's.
You are so lucky to have such an amazing talented nephew like Austin.<3
working? If so, until when?
the mood is sad today. It's raining and someone i thought i hated died yesterday. Life throws curveballs that just makes you wonder sumtimes
I just used the phrase "shiv a hipster." I'm so street. And professional.
To all my neighbors - you got much flavor.
..Because right now, I almost wish I was you.. 💔 #brokenheartedd ??
Allstar weekend! , Jonas brothers :)!!
hahaha I should!!
I'm working it out. Pics soon.
Back at ya.
Thanks for the link! I cover higher ed, so this could be a story for me to follow locally!
Cool off with a fresh Irv Kupcinet Chopped Chicken Salad with corn, avocado, bacon, egg and blue cheese!
My favorite sport is
Dear Italy: thank you so much for fresh biscotti, sanza glutine. Almost brought to tears in bakery by the fresh, lemony, sugar, treat!
boo! (behind you?)
scratch marks..
Probably just a reflection of the effort he put into HS! (just started the book, btw)
Its always nice to read things like this RT Most anticipated albums this year: Lamb Of God
I Laugh if it was Juz10 or Her phone number lol
Aww man! :( Can you get it back?
Poor Dad, Poor Dad
I #HATE cockroaches. 
when is the next time I get to dust off my evening gown? I'm ready for the next round of some finely attired shenanigans.
“: #TeeAss is the reason I need a BIGGER instagram box”. O_o SMDH
Merry Christmas from rainy Las Vegas!
Babies are so damn cute. Right, ?
Fans can lineup to get into the #seau memorial at gates B, D, F, G, K & P. The line at G is crazy. Short lines elsewhere.
I HATE when people talk about other people to make them look good just because they know some wrong with them but they wont except the fact
How would you like to make some $$ giving feedback on your experience with ? Ping back for more info :-)
Thank you! Happy Racing Weekend!!!! Woo!!! :) Go
The Mila Kunis and interview in is hysterical
Halfway through the voting period and we're way ahead of last year. 15.95% of members have voted. I've voted. Have you?
Convinced that the only time people use LinkedIn is at 4:50am.
Final Editing on TLB's music video so it can be shown in Germany to 13 Country officials creating awareness for human trafficking!
They don't know we know they know we know.
Exactly. I am now searching for the "Poor Betty" account, backlash to the backlash.
