DOUBLE PLAY!!! Andy is back!!
hey Prince, follow me on instagram: arianax013
Doesn't load on my phone. :P
loves it!
just because im freaking out on you doesnt mean youre the one im actually mad at .
you never know how strong you are, until being strong is the only choice you have.
I start a master gardener program tonight. Four months of fertilizer, pruning, and pest control. Oh, and growing stuff too.
fuck yeah it does :)
Cinco de Mayo is the 1 day where the McDonalds manager opens the manual to see if the McRib dip needs a masculine or feminine Spanish prefix
Baseball today & tomorrow
Happy Friday which means Happy First Day of Beer Week!
#BackWhenIWasAKid I use to love me some Jane Kennedy
if teams could steal first they would be able to do so against the Sox. Awful
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
I like you. But it's possible that you need to go for the sympathy vote. Beg. Christians will give. Voting is free.
Nor is Justin Bieber a Jesus...
Only at #BlogathonATX do we have "Official Minions"
commentator just said #Badgers have been in tourney 14 straight years, 7th longest streak in college bball HISTORY
LOL...I only have 2 random tickets left, and they are not together. Let me know if you want one or both.
and selection is not influenced? hard for me to think about movements or trends without influence. where can i read more?
The presence of Christ in your life can make your challenges manageable when you are depending on his strength.
10-0 Cardinal run has #Stanford up 26-14 with 12:20 to play 1st half. #UMass struggling with a boatload of turnovers and Stanford hot start
Hey! Reefer! How can I tweet you if you don't follow in kind? Durp...LOL
thanks, but with Statistician/Mgr Durham moving east of Lake Michigan, we are likely to disappoint our blog follower(s).
:) Bucs game today :)
LAWREN.....WHERE ART THOU??
no doubt man, will do!
Got a win tonight against Patrick Henry of Minneapolis...79 to 71. Go Blazers!
indeed! And cloudformation works very well with both Chef and Puppet
Who should be held responsible for your failures?
Haha,yep.She is a cute one
Join us for one of our signature pastas, like our warm Baked or Four Cheese Ravioli for dinner.
Tomorrow begins the Spelling Bee.
My tweet about Yellow Pages struck a nerve with a few ex co-workers. Love you guys none the less.
He blesses continuously *smiles* People better start being grateful for even the smallest things!
"I'll tell you one thing, it's always better when we're together."
Are you going to join and I at the #TXScotRiteAccessLux sponsor party tonight...hope so!
haha nothin much, ready for the weekend! how about yourself?
Ha ha ha! That is so funny. Maybe you can get a dreadlock wig and try it out first, if you're not joking.
I am so thankful that the blue jays traded Juan Rivera to the dodgers...
For those of you who ordered the "conjoined" shirt in grey, we apologize but it is completely sold out. We have changed it to black instead.
Haha. Good point. I can't wait for the new iPhone to come out. I'm switching to Verizon.
RT : If someone is important to you tell them, tell them now and tell them often and while you're at it, show them too.
What installer bug? :)
I dont kno if its just me but what kind of question is "what is making you bored?"
Fake tans aren't cute, and neither are you.
#GhettoWaysToDie shooting up the people who are trying to give you cash for keys to your place when you're in foreclosure
Good luck to everyone and the start of their finals this morning
Yay! You are so brave! Makes me feel silly debating about bangs for ages and ages and doing.
Anyways, lemme pulse the people to see what's going on around the world. dmp
My little brother just told me he's favorite color is pink wtf he has pick tennis racket
love you!
We're not. Please plan accordingly. :P
I hate when people steal large amounts from our store and it's obvious and no one does anything about.
yes that rights im a girl AND A GAMER dont hit on me silly boys~~!
She wants you to hold on to her no matter how much the relationship seems like its fallen apart.
good luck to you big guy. and to the surgeon
Fightin' round the world!
follow me on twitter
Doll! I'd love to pull some of your great looks for my shoot! email me @ ! xox
What's your schedule looking like for next week? Would love to have you out to speak in Tempe!
KILLER BILL: The Super Vacations: Invisible Hand: Mas Y Mas in Norfolk, VA Saturday!
we plan one quarter at a time...
Too lazy to do homework... I'll pay some one to do it for me ;D I Hate Mondays ...
How are the finest people alive doing today? xo
theme: great school libraries are not about things but about people
"plan b is my breakfast"
May's here, and graduation is right around the corner! What do you like to come in for when you're feeling especially celebratory?
Pres Obama called for extending the production tax credit for #wind and other #renewable energy
didn't fix it :(
Back to Colorado - but via Dulles? Ouch
Shopping for a new headshot photographer is NOT easy! UGH!
i don't feel good :/
love can never seem to leave that store:-) me n my daughter shopping4 her show 2morrow. who knew one outfit would take so long .
Tomorrow is Friday and I have a lot to get done today!
you've been having grape issues lately? wtf? haha.
Scal, Lucas, James are UFA. Omer is RFA. Korver, Watson and Brewer are non-guaranteed, meaning we have them if we want them.
the mayor thatz thang gone go
Spending time with my sweetie
you need practice!
Yup. Figured out how to do that in QGIS.
Avery Bradley's injury is to his left shoulder (the one injured before) and he will be re-evaluated at halftime, per
After a bit of a break went back to the trainer this morning
DM We are trying to tackle autism learning and putting together an advisory list of occasional contacts. AVG 1hr / Qtr. ???
thanks to and for putting on a great event last night - nice also seeing , and
Ok, but you have to take some of mine, lol.
Why is Hustle & Flow always on?
Pass the mic man! Dang! We see you! We know you! Geesh, let someone else talk!
I'm glad you're safe and sound (right?). I'm holding up amid writing madness.
glad to see the link to on you latest issue ;) thank u!
me lo dices. I need a new phone
Followers: I did not send those tweets that said "someone was sayin bad things about you." For some reason this one website did! Thanks!
My legs are still aching from yesterday. we practiced Hungar. I stayed 3'5 ft from the ground the entire time. (I'm 5'9)+ learned a flip.
I need a car to pile-out and be with because another second alone is going to kill me.
Thanks for foreman, It's a great tool.
I won't sleep tonight until you follow me!;) PLEASE AUSTIN and I love your room!:)
RT : Nice job NY for catching up to Iowa in the human rights department :) <Maybe Ohio can repeal stupid ban put in its Constitution>
Life is beautiful
I can't wait for the #Flyers game to start in the middle of the second period.
How's radical leftism and communism working for Europe? Oh wait - it isn't. It's bankrupting them.
Chancellor takes stage. Reads letter from parents of Melissa '12 expressing love for campus and
D: I thought we didn't start till april 2nd?
oh gee that is crazy. It's pretty chilly at night here (40s) but days are still long and warm.
So the bummer part of having gone out of town, due to work, is that I missed most of SXSW :[
early day at work. getting my coffee & taking aaron to work.
changed and edited some things. now i have a bit more privacy :)
What's the use of followers if they don't tweet to anything u say
Although work is definitely happening, this feels rather vacation-like too. A lovely way to break composer lockdown!
Cissy Houston 'Walk on By Faith': Whitney Houston's Mother Releases Gospel Songs
Love wine? Mondays only! 50% off any bottles of wine from our Wine List.Complement w/great food!Salute Cucina & Wine bar! 46 East Superior!
so i can add me lol and yeah you should!!
It's a rainy day, so the mall is going to be mobbed. Come visit MacMedics for your Mac needs today instead. We're here 9-1 in Millersville.
I want a huge fish tank in my future house
Auburn has the best fans in the country.
So serious. I'm gonna need a bigger desk!
I think Doug Melvin is in on that one, too.
R.ii.P Michael Jackson !
omg such a good episode
A Very Happy New Year to Everyone. Be blessed and prosper.
cont. "Try to get on as many teams as u can!" #sdp2p cont.
Dear where are the jalapeño chips? I've searched high and low.
I have something to do with my club but if they don't call me by 8 we out....and I need a nap
Grateful grateful grateful!!!
NumbersUSA is pro-America and is dedicated to protecting jobs for Americans.
hahaha. I myself would beg to differ
Me. Too.
My sister called me and just breathed into the phone it was supposed to be a prank but i guss she forgot about caller ID
Just opened for Lunch! Try our buffet..soups, salads, appetizers, entress and desserts huge selection for $11!!
Did you tell them about your Bueno performance?
I want Kobe to win his 6th ring..but I'm not a Laker fan anymore. So now I'm going for either OKC or Miami.
accomplished 4 homework assignments and finished a website plus went skating. nice day.
We can't wait to see you back on the field! #speedkills #brewdat RT: I can't wait. To play again”
Watch for the great debates of 2012 - Same Sex Marriage, Taxing the Wealthy, Flipflopping on Issues, Economy, and Spending Cuts
I like when I have nothing to do
Whom have I in heaven but you? And earth has nothing I desire besides you My flesh & my heart may fail but God is the strength of my heart &
“: Oh, you ball so hard? I bet motherfuckers want to fine you.”
To my new followers, welcome to the family. And as of right now I'm following you as well
i love yall too! Twitter is my posting board for my random rants.
never thot that b4 - tomorrow will never be today no matter how many yesterdays Today would be tomorrow if today was yesterday.
perfect day for a grand opening ehh? Can't wait... #TGIF !
Thanks, and happy birthday!
You + library card -> knowledge. (It's an exothermic reaction, which is why all librarians are so hot.)
Good idea RT : I suggest this election day that everyone just writes themselves in. Wow
Oceanside, NY. Any places in L.I.?
like seriously....now its a game again...
Charlene wouldn't even let me LOOK at the list, let alone vote. So, I have NO IDEA.
Thanks to a special twitter follower for being my chauffeur this evening. Plus one for bringing allergy medicine :).
awesome. Thanks for the invite. I always like your point of view on here. Where do I find you
New blog post: Second BCS Bowl Bid for the Big Ten - Iowa or Penn State? #ncaa, #bigten,
very nice indeed.. What building will you be in? I work at USX -- we could do a lunch with weiyner and petrina
Keynote #intlib10 - Think like a user
"Mexican Shrimp Ceviche"...for dinner on our Restaurant Week menu tonight. It's incredible...come taste it and you'll love it!
looks good Baron. Have a great day :)
. | EvoNexus opens downtown hub for tech firms ~ Second incubator will house software, Internet & media companies...
I don't know but I like your profile pic.
I don't know why I'm this exhausted :/
I'm so sorry to hear about your grandfather. Hugs!!
Thanks for the margaritas last night and great networking.
Just heard a cover of "Like My Dog" on Americas Funniest Home Videos. Good exposure!
beginning to understand how Batman feels... been holed up in the Man-cave for the past 3 days waiting for a signal from the commissioner
Thank you sir.
Elizabeth Hash
No one does it better than <3
Is a resident of a territory a US citizen (grandparents)? Is a person born to these ppl in a foreign country a citizen (dad)?
nacho rolled tacos all up in this piece. This car ride is about to get popping
Google desktop searches both my D drive and outlook emails too
The dare Michael drew is too long to fit in a tweet that also contains his name. So, it's in the next one. #dareproject 1/25!
lol we're goin to the super bowl next year!
Omw to school SUPER late with , we some badassses lmao
Your Just a Day Dream Away <3
Nothing that happens today can separate me from God's love and His purpose for my life.
I thought I was gonna die it hurt so bad
Congrats to you, Katy Perry! This is a major game changer.
I got my account this morning, too! Excited to give it a spin.
Where have you been?? *Where* are you?
The moment when someone you knew a long time ago starts flirting with you .__.
I'm mentally preparing myself for tonight's game. So nervous 😰 Relax! Relate! Release! Let's get it
Motivation, Parent Engagement and preparing for the turbulent job market come to mind. What do you think, ?
thanks so much for coming to Ethan's party. He's so happy you're here with us. We really appreciate it.
Congrats to and the team for a successful #VSFashionShow live pre-show with over 300,000 tweets!
My LoG ships in two days. Can't wait!!!
Nice RT : It's about 75 degrees outside, i think i'll stay in, bust into some Nietzsche and think about a few things
G.M.N.I.: I woke up breathing. I'm going to bed the same way. Life is good.
#Home (:(: Goodnight!! Sleep well everyone!! <3 you all!!:D
I start my day at 3:00am sadly :(
the flowers were INCREDIBLE!!!! Knocked my socks off...
Finished Season 1. Way better than Grey's Anatomy!! :3
Well THAT was bullshit.
#SXSW is now to #Austin as #MardiGras is to #New Oreleans!
Sitting at Misha's coffeeshop preparing to teach my second-to-last class of VT's summer session tonight in Old Town.
Miss you too! I'll be back tomorrow :)
#Laundry “Few tasks are more like the torture of Sisyphus than housework, with its endless repetition. ~ Simone de Beauvoir
Looking for Cash Back or Points from credit card processing. Why not just pay less in the first place? Then take some extra perks...
Im giving up lent.For Lent!
ur kicked out.
they left this morning...
would you mind showing Harry twitlonger? It would mean a lot to her! (:
happy to have you following me. Thank you:
Home in time for the 3rd period puck drop! It's time for the CAPS to light the lamp! #NHL #StanleyCupPlayoffs #CAPS v #Bruins!
Sitting here minding a munchkin and watching Rochester OD, I really have to try Esperanza Castle some time.
Duke of Serutan
I know you're pulling for the old team!
blessings to u to
No, it's the MAN version. Check it out! :)
well,that was easy!;)
Too bad Gaga and Madonna don't get along because with both of them going on tour, it would be awesome to see them cover each other's songs.
michele often comes to our show on Sunday nights. come with him one night as our guest!
I'll always be second best among the rest </3
Unintentional need for hate and greed.
hey sweetie thanks for saying happy b-day to me I wish you was at my b-day party I would love for you to. Be there
RT : Plan 2 do something super cool 4 a senior ths w/e. Send a card, flowers , cook a meal.
If you're into penny stocks, I suggest you check out LUSI. Big momentum coming and rumors of a big PR will take this to the top, trust me.
“ A cute face gotta count for something ;)”
Creativity is to see what everyone else has seen but to think what no one else has thought.
I so hope I passed this fuckin test...this job means everything to me...
I like that you actually read my tweets. Makes me feel loved.
I want some ice cream...
Ur not alone during the dreaded QLC! Check out the 4 Gutsy girls facing their fears & blogging about their QLCs
RT: : is the move tonight.. The #330 will be in there HEAVY--> out twice in 1 week. Love it!
Spellings of Mark's name from this press campaign so far: "Danciger" "Danzigers" and also "Marc".
Is everyone having trouble with the discussion posts this week?!?
make it available for mobile! I'm on the way home and want to watch :)
Just realized that I enjoy watching the NHL infinitely more than the NBA
How are things going today?
#ChuckNorris doesn't actually write books...the words just assemble themselves out of fear.
It hurts to sit down; good workout
Retrain Tip: All cleansing methods are not the same. Do the research & consult a RD or seek other medical advice.
I bet I accomplish as much, if not more than u sweetie. Plus u seem to be keeping up with every single one of my tweets.
Wiki'd Favorite uncredited role: Person Standing Next to Phone during Fight in Club. Also notable: Rib Joint Customer.
I miss Boondocks
it's funny because no one likes him.
do you look at the tp after number 2? i think rorsach did. that's what inspired the ink blot test.
Double wow :)
I work better with the window open!
Last night's Mad Men episode left a Joan shaped hole in my heart.
Email more information on what you need help with to lisa (@) supermedia.com - we'll get you connected with someone who can help
would be fun to meet up and share some stories while we're there. let me know if you get some free time
Only 11 more to 300! RT and Follow us ..help us get one step closer to #findacure!! Support and #makeachange :)
Happy Mother's Day
I'm growing my hair back it's gonna be down to the middle of my back again!cant wait?😄💁
#RPM restructuring: 2 cars for 2011
Are u supposed to tip the mechanic? How much if so? Flat rate or a percentage?
No matter how bad a day can go, everytime I listen to hair, I always feel happy. Thank you for the awesome album. <3
how was the pita put amanda.. i love you. and cute picture. im going to see you at the mall tomorrow. c:
SPSS has froze every time I recode a variable - it allows one recode & then freezes. Reboot, recode, freeze... again. Er,
Well *now* you've hit the big time.
had my whopper, and ate it too.
BULLY, the documentary film, is playing May 11 - 15 at New Town Regal Theater! Find out more info on Bully's Facebook page!
Thankful today for our partners and supporters and LEAP Academy
Thank you for sharing our content!
BYE~BYE everyone <33 love you ;** see you tomorrow!
Nothing will ever come between us, cause I'll be standing right next to you.<3
Ignorance that does not bend to correction (the wisdom of others like yourself) stops being ignorance and becomes stupidity.
What are you doing today Wisconsin?
“: 168. Before I die, I will be the maid of honor in a wedding.”
Brady at one point had twice as many touchdowns as tebow had completions 6-3.
:O I'M SO CONFUSED
“: S/O to I'll be trying to cop backstage passes to his concert one day!!!” only bc you passed me in soph English
"I was nearly sent to the hospital because I could not convince the school nurse that my head had always been this shape." best text ever.
who can we trust to evaluate the transcript
“: #ShitNewOrleansGirlsSay......Bitch dem drinks got me right,right!!!!”
Work work work... Kill me
So it's that kinda party. (Girl look at that body, I WORK OUT 💪💪💪. )
Heat vs Lakers today. I feel bad for the Lakers, Lol.
Prince of the City
Thanks for getting him through.
I know for puppies' nonstop chomping, it helps to make high pitched yelps like their siblings would if being bit too hard.
I'm goin to Raleigh to shop tomorrow
Work hard to get what you like, otherwise you will be forced to like what you get O_o
And Posey's climb back to a .300 avg starts with a single up the middle.
#tasteofuptown is right now! please come and show your support
I feel like grooving
ohh go to grand caymon !my parents and i went their and fell in love and now we have a time share there(:
OKC is NOT playing games about these blocks... geez!
Compromise is the welcome mat to deception. So be sure you know who's at the door before you answer it.
Haha the unavoidable things in life. Glad to hear you can work through them though
Friday Humor: "When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water."- Author Unknown
only 4 hrs of sleep this weekend and its not over yet-haha!
": Atlanta's BEST attorney #iSalute" thanks if u live in south fulton or douglass
Authorities Respond To Early Morning House Fires
we're you at the east aurora theatre tonight..
of course!!!! I've been waiting for forever!!!, lol.
That is a big NO....I sometimes wonder if all humans have one!
Is it a Dell running Ubuntu?
"It’s no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties."
Ah ! iPhone y u no do what I say !!
Almost 300 Twitter followers! If we get to 300 by the time Ep. 2 premiers on Tue. we will be totally psyched. Thnx to all of our followers!
Couples names are to be put in alphabetical order... Alvin and the chipmunka. Daveis ruffkin and the temptaions. Boy ans girl
we keep it private... I do still love you, you know..
Coke brought back the polar bears for THAT?!
thanks Angelina. We will soon. :)
Thanks for the mention and the pin! Glad we could be helpful.
Who’s got plans for a pizza party this weekend?
Thanks & welcome to all our new followers.... Tell your friends to follow us & stay tuned for great things coming soon!!
excited to catch up soon!! :)
Huge downer .. my phone case wasn't here when I got home ..!!! :@
RT 18 out if 500 good news? getting better-few years ago 2 maybe- aging in!
lol yeah that's a real cake my nigga
“: How is it "spin"? #wirecall #wiunion #tcot” spin b/c compiled by loony DWD under -wait, huh? Walker appointee Newson?
Wow! One of the most amazing shows we have played. Thank you so much to all of you who came to support us! We'll see you soon!
Nba league pass is free til the 8th. I'm on 1
Ha I'm about to vox someone... I still never used it
You've never tried it before? Yeah it is sweet, I'd give it a try if I were you!
Really don't feel like going out tonight
ah yes, forgot about the sex change procedure!! Still need me to pick you up??
yeah(: me too
u have to follow me again it wont let me inbox
Teamwork, Delegation, and Efficiency, the smart way to tackle problems!
Thanks for the retweets! Happy Friday!
Sure, fire away- I do custom work just depends on quantity, etc. If I was a faster painter I could do more:) what do u want to do?
Chicka Yeah! We've got some entries for our #KeyToBlackKeys ticket giveaway going on NOW through Monday Check the # for details!
Headed east? Follow or
Giff's Liquors. Brilliant.
Positive emotion and creativity are connected. They need each other. Creativity also needs movement and time.
Missing my small group kids tonight!
I feel special! c'':
#askObama Ans 5. Wants talented people to come and start biz here.
Another confirmed judge at me: I am shaping up to have QUITE the panel of mentors and judges.
You as well!
Hey it's Pearl on Twitter
aha, art isn't your strong point eh?
are you?
Hey Todd! I teach HS and want to show my students the Dateline episode on racial bullying. Where can I find the whole video?
Because #Newt goes for connecting everything, that makes him cooler? Or just unable to distinguish between objects, like an infant?
Mane it's freezing in here..
I am dying over photo of you and your muse she is amazing and you my friend are a master at pushing the envelope!
oh my goodness giovana
Life is a big canvas, throw all the paint on it you can. -Danny Kaye
My daughter is gonna be on the Grammy stage in 10 years. Put a stamp on it.
omg! Tell him to follow me!! Lol(;
Best part of owning a Kindle: free classics. Worst part: when it's destroyed by a good slam to the kitchen floor by the 2 year old. Tears.
young money thanks for follow
Any Hints?
me to ... We're by the airport . -amber
I'll wager one #Levainbakery choc chip cookie that the #Patriots win today. RT : i love super bowl sunday!
awesome, probably be down today for it and see what else catches my fancy
I love me some good barbecue!
saw ya reunion ,, u look great !!
Stuller: Buffy is an example of the female hero's communal journey: she elevates her friends to chosen family and empowers them.
Agree that EVERY DAY should be Earth Day - in terms of non-toxic and chemical free, around children and all!
Haha. Not your fault! After the fourth call, which was about parking I had to do something! I had no clue who to direct them to!
I see a lot of people today complaining about the bail-outs but no other solutions offered.
I just came by to say hi, and that I'm back, and I've missed my food companion.
Save the Date for our Charity Happy Hour on September 22! More details coming soon!
Red eye correction makes people look like they have no soul
336: I'm thankful for the smell of roses!
Obama Faces Questions on Federal Fight for Same Sex Marriage: But last week, in an interview with “Good Morning America's” Robin Robe...
Telling me NOT to do something is like saying "Stephanie,Do this"
folks u kno we ain't playing w/ these soft ass Milwaukee niggas...
no rain
Stupidity is contageous. Stay away from it.
JUST MUZZLE MY HEARTS OPEN DNT MEAN IMA LET U N
drake lyrics damn irish
#Dodgers beating #StL 11-0 going into the 9th. Why hello 10 game lead. Nice to meet you.
..I went in just to train w/the previous operations mngr. She was SO much better than the evil girl who tried to sabatoge me.
haha actually you'd probably do this in soccer !
jealous of the cool hair? lol
Has any player in the history of baseball (other than Josh Hamilton) hit 4 HRs in one game without PULLING one for a HR ?
that's a classic. not off the top of my head… will look into it.
I don't even remember :p it was either Matt or Liam. or both. haha
Tomlinson is currently a free agent, so not on a roster. If he was he would have the lead.
omNOMONOKMN I just ate all of your candy. And that's okay, I guess :''''(
I love fresh new socks!!
Redemption flows through repentance! Picturing His redemption means you look from a heart of your repentance.
Looking forward to our first summit in sunny Boca Raton, FL October 21-24, 2012. Application for interested men will be available soon!
Hold on to your pants, just upgraded to an iPhone 4! Look out social media outlets I'm going mobile!
RT : You can't drive a parked car. Sometimes we need to get our lives out of "park."
no but i'm actually so nervous...
whoever those other 2 are for, I will knife fight them for your entertainment
where did you find such treasure?? I haven't found DD coffee since I moved out here
I going to sleep :)
Can't believe Salty's problem used to be throwing it short. Now he's just throwing it past the base.
I understand my Spanish grade is killin me to!
Playing games on a ipod totally kills the battery -.-
damn auto correct - high school girls
I will have to learn that a friend made ​​for social networks always distrusted off you :/
Caught part of the set! great to see music in there!!
To all the USF students who are heading up to Tallahassee today...go kick some ass!!!
#FF Thanks to for spreading the word about
Yep, it's part of the experiment too. Harsh when I'm in the midst of it, but at times can look more impersonally as "data."
sad that it's funny and sad that it's true!
Awesome; thanks for the feedback!
bitches just don't know how gorg Niall is in my 👀
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the CAFM Holiday Party! Lot's of fun...too much drinking and many prizes!
look at me now
Hi. I'd like to send you a story about an event we're doing next wk w/ a La Mesa school. Is there an email I should use? Tx.
Welcome Lomax Middle School teacher to twitter!
Zumba then off to the park with baby bug 😃
two minutes to go, Japan on the attack
Is plain text saying closed, a better solution than removing a pin? I dont think so.
#LMAO! Bahrainis probably share property with that airport xD
Come on Kyle Chandler! Win it!
i want 100 followers cry :(
Welch's fruit gummi snacks--they taste good and aren't too high in calories. How about you?
S/O for the follow.
Holly totally digs me
Not sure what I have planned today but I'm gonna make the best of it. #positivity :)
I don't want this. I want you.
My mom is my hero and my super hero. I love you so much! You bring me happiness. I love you mommy
"There is absolutely nothing at all wrong with being a slut.” PREACH IT! I've been waiting for somebody to agree with me on this!
RT : at #LiNC - community is no longer a silo. Plays a key role in social across multiple LOBs
Just got the newamerica. EP and you should def give it a download. Check it out @ newamerica.bandcamp.com
#YouKnowYourHigh when you start crying on the ferris wheel cause its going too fast. 2012 fair ftw..
We're excited to have 100 followers (thanks )! Like what we do? Recommend us to your followers!
S/O to Stop reading this tweet and follow her dammit!
xxnx! I've tried porn hub before... Not the greatest!
thanks for the awesome season!!!!
I love how you love Austin to(:
Actors on LA casting - they're still looking for a body double for the Elizabeth Taylor role.
Wats up wit all diz country shit, All diz shit is true country especially his old werid deep ass
“: I hate jose quervo.” well that answers our question. Jose it is.
Couldn't ask for anything more in life right now. So happy with the great friends and girl that I got and most important great family
Goodmorning! #thankyou Video up today! You guys are awesome. Shout out to the best Publicist in the world
Wish I had suggested it to you sooner. :P
Follow me please!! I love you!! Love it... the video
First act (play) Wow! Powerful.
Who wants to make a difference? Join a committee like Community Service, University Teaching, or President’s Lecture committee. Ask us how
Good morning!
Dont turn out the lights now lights now lights now...Finish the lyrics
I just killed some chicken nuggets
#MyFavoriteText good morning
Some things were never meant to be.
Aw you're the best!
Hell yes!!! I hope I can make it down to Texas.. You're going to have an amazing time, and I hope we're there with you. <3 bri
my friends are just like that. I'll text them but after like 5 text they don't answer back. It pissed me off.
"...I will not in any way fail you nor give you up nor leave you... I will not, I will not, I will not ...forsake you!" - heb 13:5
I hate when people forget to text me back you that lazy c'mon yo
now I need a big house with a barn to buy me a Linotype
Walk out each day. And say thank you for acts of kindness. Without today, tomorrow will not be.
RT : NEW THURSDAY NIGHT EXIT 21 at BE THERE!!!
I haven't been out of the states in a while. I'm in Martha's Vineyard right now.
girl, perfick timing. i just wrote you a manifesto last nite on facebook. check that shit!!!!
Q4ext: yes! We have website for all advisors on campus which lists key dates, contacts, sample apt scripts, orientation schedules
is cool shit
Watching Raw, reading Twilight, and eating Doritos... I'm multitasking :D
Is that Cooper Manning on the tightrope?
On my to 350 highway Walmart (:
": Like the opening scene in a porn." Did someone order a pizza with extra sausage?!
Dear , please cancel the George & Drew Show and air the Rockies instead. Signed, All Colorado Rockies Fans.
What do you think happened to Maryellyn Moffit? Love your work, especially civic dedication.
noo you use to blow up twitter with tanning stuff haha
It is DRAFT DAY! WNBA Draft is upon us people. Solid #1 Pick - Nneka Ogwumike to the LA Spark.
It's officially my birthday week!! 😊
#wigan #conspiracy wow
gonna get offline so i can keep reading, goodnight guys!!
Photo Tip of the Day: If you only have one source of lighting and are out doors, try a reflector! The sun + gold reflector = Bronzy tones :)
Dear girl in the library thats fucking pumped that she has axe at home. Shut the fuck up.
I'm from the gutter man I'm use to not having a lot
Everybody follow my main homie he just got a twitter and his tweets are so funny #teamfollowback CG! Help a brotha out
Integrated-Visual Science Informatics - final talk- Patient Oriented Visualization Methodology #mobihealth Techniques to improve care
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
Justin Bieber is so cute!!!!
Good idea! Sadly, some of my colleagues ignore the "must read" posts in one group.
It's not often that PR and pro sports collide - thanks for the RT!
Thanks! :) Checked out your Jordan pix, looks like you had a pretty awesome time yourself!
Woa I like it like that. She working that back idk how to act. Slow motion for me. Slow motion for me.
with TSC hell yea, but luckily i'm planning to bring a new addiction to the world -->
You know what also sounds good right now, a smoothie<3 preferably strawberry and banana (:
Thanks! Are you coming tonight?
I agree. I can't believe there aren't more members of the support groups that do exist. Can't wait to hear how yours goes.
Follow me Please .♥ It would be a dream come true. Love you! Have a great Easter.♥
The brain is always more legit though. Get yo paper playas.
Duritz is the best since Morrison and Dylan.
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship--never.
Don't know where my baby cakes is at :(
It's $2 Labatt Blue Tall Boy Day! Perfect for all of you coming in to watch hockey tonight!
Make that five people piled out.
Good to see some of the Habitat family @ Community Plunge. Now let the countdown to the 1st Build Day begin.
#NickCarr talking about how social networking platforms used in a very tailored way has changed the way we do business.
I have to check my dates...
That awkward moment when there's a group of people crowded together and your just on the side by yourself xD
Thank you, Mike!
im there
I am at the job unfortunately
The Mass Lottery: Supporting our 351 cities & towns* since 1971! *also supporting the gubernatorial aspirations of a few State Treasurers.
yea... once i move, nothing will be da same... o crap, ima start crying....
Join us for lunchtime yoga today. 45 minute class. New clients: 1 week free unlimted group class & 1 free private pilates reformer class.
Happy Holidays to all our friends!
i maybe in the shower. If so. Ill just send you filthy tweets today. Harry potters wand style.
If twitter had a 'like' button I would push it!
The captain and I are best friends :)
I Mac like Goldie
Not sure it can be done. The library in that pic is using an open source ILS they can customize.
I would find that very annoying
No love from either side of the field !
I have a Jason McCann love story <3
Tweeting from my new iphone, yet I'm still not hip, cool or whatever the kids say these days.
Thank you(: It was really bothering me, so I needed to vent(:
yippee! new episode of
hehehe I guess he does. (: -Kayla
had an amazing day pushing carts
and there goes Nick Perry
2nd Annual foodie & wine fest:) gonna be fab! rocks!
lol funny man
Cory, I said NEVER and I meant NEVER!
Love how people on cheaters say " it's not what you guys think just a big misunderstanding" #
really? First hearing boa helped w anything
shite. I may or may not have forgotten about today. I have an appt after work. Tomorrow?
RT "Never leave home without your internal compass."
Who's stoked for Christmas? Maybe on Christmas day we'll lower the price of our merch a little :)
#HPTweet2WIN It would be good to copy apps on Mac to this one?
I miss you too!
Amen, haha. No sir, I have it on Thursday. Not looking forward to it!
Soo, I went to my job interview... & I got the job!!:)
its the down and out slider that gets your swooping swing EVERY time
I'm pretty sure people still don't know how to pronounce my name.
“Persistence is to the character of man(& woman) as carbon is to steel.” - Napoleon Hill
Will join us for our fall launch?
Well, one, I'm blind as a bat, two, I zone out a lot, and three you're lying because I'm not that blind! :3
But at least Lebron aint fuckin up this game. It D Wade.
you rock kelly kelly your my favorite diva
The Pepsi center is getting ready to explode again
“: I don't even care about having a boyfriend at the moment. I just wanna fuck bitches get money and get drunk.” nice!!!!
Florida on Tuesday 🌴☀ & back to New York June 1st to visit some stud 😍 lots & lots to look forward to.
guy out there with a vuvuzela sounds like hamsandwich.wmv
I miss you!
Please all our followers go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and take part in making a great forum and a great hockey place thanks enjoy
Tut Tut Holly. That's just too easy. It's Mr. Tuttle
Always good to hear with the O's, Strohs and Natty Bohs call. Hope for many more in the coming months!
its a variety, obv it needs some to climb onto, you have to train it at first
Now it's Rattie with a power play goal. What a one two punch.
Any CURRENT sex workers/students in LA willing to talk about their experiences on the radio? Email: Please RT
": Be careful not to be so focused on someone else's life that you miss out on the blessings that God has for you."
thx bro. Have a great weekend. Preseason baseball tomorrow. Lovin it.
First day if school today! So fun! Who else started today?
Season finale of Gossip Girl! Go go go!
Thanks!!! Team effort all the way around!! RT “: Congrats on the record!”
I have a feeling Vince Wilfork will be "Manning" the Giants backfield tomorrow!
I am poop GOD WHY does that exist pls
Felix is gonna make me eat that tweet.
Thanks for including me in your top stories today.
are you still looking for b-day party space? the bldg our print studio is in has an event space that might work. still pretty raw.
I love me some you've had to deal with a lot of shit lately and just wanted to know I love you :)
#10FacebookTips Don't put your personal love problems on it , know that once you put that the whole world knows .
I know I should be prepping for my audition but I had to open the burner bins for Lucidity and now I can't stop dancing... I SMELL PLAYA!!
At least xavier doesnt hate me
did you get a refund?
Mornings off are lethal for afternoon productivity! Note to self--take the WHOLE day off next time!!
Congrats on 3 Yrs ...
Best Discount Baby Carrier Best Cheapest: Babybjörn Miracle Baby ...
We're recruiting law students to live tweet from our Spring Meeting in Las Vegas, 3/22-3/24. Contact
Very bummed by the move to teaser RSS. I get it, but now your posts are just noise in my feed reader, instead of, you know, news.
Oxy Microsoft: Click Start to shut down
I lost my wallet and I got punched in the eye. FUCK YOU WORLD.
Niall once argued with the security for 30 minutes at the airport, because they told him he couldn’t bring food on the plane.
that's my boy
I feel like I'm living in the golden age of the comic book geek these days, lots of movies I never thought I'd ever see.
that Wilford Brimley took one look at him and instantly started pronouncing "diabetes" correctly.
Who's tuned into WHAM 1180 for the Jim Salmon Show??
My deepest condolences go out to you, for tomorrow I shall not give a single Fuck :)
Abusing Someones Trust Is Like Telling A Huge Secret To People You Barely Know. Gain the trust and be responsible for your actions.
Can animals commit suicide?
Crushed Olympic snatch workout, did a set of bench presses & ring pull ups, hit a 1:00/0:15 x 5 round #kettlebell & row workout, ran 2 miles
I think I'll be in school tomorrow! I hope! And when it pic says Delena is it referring to vampire diaries or Demi and Selly?
Yonas and Jake Miller are pretty good... But they aint got shit on Childish
Come on. The Cubs still have a chance. Ah, you're right. All you have left are the Bears :)
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 1
idk man maybe tomorrow...that coo?
Ah, good point. Though at least the lack of punctuation spacing is more formally "correct." Not even worth the spacer gif.
Very handsome, you mean??? Yes, I agree! LOL!
It's one of those things people are becoming more aware of even if it doesn't directly affect them. It's suprisingly common
Date night with <3
If corps. are people enough to be protected by 1st amendment then why are they not taxed as an individual?
I just walked back from the gym. Man oh man is it nice outside. I love it!!!
You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden. ~Matthew 5:14
"if the situation is not changed, I will be a physical and psychological wreck. I have to reorganize my personality and reorient my life.."
Jennifer just clicked on me, will I walk with her to school tomorrow? Hm...
Making a difference means looking inside ourselves and finding our greatness and sharing with others so try can be great too
awesome! Have always wanted to go LA.
Like the demo...eye think everything looks good up untill the end. Not satisfied with how big the "eye am ready" took up the whole screen
OMG he might be punning
see you in dallas...when the packers are in SB XLV!
A very percussive touch even on the quieter stuff
Yeah I looked at the site(downloading it). I dunno if its a traditional openbeta or what exactly..but hey. :P)
Hi, cute leprechaun! Happy St. Patricks Day! :) xoxo Love you!
Follow me and my squad We Follow Back!
SATURDAY 10/30: Taboo's "Dead Sexy" Halloween Party & Fashion Show w/ Microjoy, Four 50 Four, Pedals on our Pirate Ships! DOORS @ 8pm! (+18)
Can our teams BOTH start with a shutout????
~~ Read Tip 1/7 ~~ Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 1: Hint at its importance.
Todays gone dead fast
Brilliant ball by Fabregas. Delighted to see divey cheater Messi miss. The best of rooting for Cesc yet hoping Milan advance.
Getting ready today for another theatre wedding at the beautiful, historic Paramount Theatre!
I hear ya brother! I hate that sh*t too.
Mr. President, stop talking so much and get back to work.
Congratulations on your Tour. Do you have your single on YouTube by any chance?
RT“ Why does your words speak louder than your actions? Explain that ..”
you can nowadays
lol quick put down, thank you sir
William is being a jealous bitch right now -.- and we are juss friends hahaha
And I'm rapping in the beats they were supposed to buy, I guess I'm gettin high off my own supply
Yooooo July 9 report date ft bucanon Puerto Rico fo three years lets get it!!!
hoping that Japan gets some relief from its weather issues.
Also, the food atlas shows a correlation between soda (or in MN pop) consumption and adult onset diabetes.
well, that didn't last long. Haha
RT : fucking LOVE Katy Perry's new song!!!! #PartOfMe anyone else?? Bitch I'm obssesed
my dad is yelling in my ear about football. yelling is not gonna do anything. besides kill my eardrums. shhhh.
Ant looked like scoring at all but starting to get it together. 2 in 20 mins
Words can't even describe my love for Kyle Wiltjer! Hahaha
people learn little from success but much from failure :)
One of the top ten holidays of the year. 's birthday.
Thank you!! Stay cool!
I think with the cameras being in they face so often they act a certain way for attention andon't want to look scary
Awesome. Can't wait!
Sad Panda & havent swung by yet
no pink is better!
Your doing something right when your getting free dinner and drinks!
Worried bout my momma over there in London... make it home safe
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!20
He only drinks wines from the 60's......1860's
Those nights you just keep tossing and turning in bed <<<
Stros game tomorrow with the fam!
i always found that emma girl the most annoying whhoops and sara hah
Dutchy!!!! Way to go #avs!! it makes me happy when you're wrong
Wendy's new Mac & cheese is good! You should try it (:
Good stuff! RT : Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man about , he'll eat for a lifetime.
I met a girl from Dallas and told her my boss was heading to an art museum there. She asked if it was the cowgirl one.
Companies, please stop instructing your employees to bug me about taking your survey. It's a huge turn-off.
See what I mean, Hulky?
we should really start worrying: newt gingrich is back on display!
Bring Jesse back.
AMAZING job on the editing, writing, cameos and song! Such a good movie!
I like the way you think. RT You would likely need one of each for a proper comparison.
were did you find the stuff on amazon? :)
#WhenIWas13 Alot of girls were teaching me how to love then i got so full of myself i developed an alter ego
Id give everything to be your anything <3
RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
How are you??
You're so very welcome. Have a great one!
RT : #cwcon a big congrats to on receiving the Hugh Burns dissertation award! Yes, congrats! Well deserved!
-it is about time that Sustainable Group's CMO gets them the press they so richly deserve. :)
thanks for the article link :-)
I just like that its a second example of Tony's attention to detail (first being Galaga).
Happy Hour at the Crimson Canary from 3-6pm! 141 S. Broadway!
where are you?
Fuck a shot pour me a cup
Headed 2 Walmart then the beach wit my babies b4 the weather changes
nice chicken pattie stupid
Cool! Thanks :)
you lose. Half of y'all showed up.
FINALLY FUCKING LICENSED. HELL YEAH BITCHES. <3
"I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit."
and just down the street -- going to #pivotaiga today/saturday to see design attack PHX
Kristen Stewart: 5 movies 1 facial expression.
Johnny Depp is the best in the league
Call Me Your Highness. I'm Practicing To Be A King.
Thanks are gaining momentum for tonight!
The chicken liver mousse and lamb were AWESOME last night!
past 2am really whose to say
#RCJH! What a great day!
awh! that's so awesome :)
Links to sign up for both events: www.uconnalumni.com/Boston. Questions? Tweet Harpoon Event to be catered by Stone Hearth Pizza
some stuff broke lol & something got recalled on my breaks so I had to take it to the actual Nissan place instead of just a shop
President Obama "Genius"
ah, just saw yer tweet. You shoulda gone in. :)
The bass, is done.
“: 2 full days left. I got thissa”
I saw this video yesterday, Congrats btw! You are a lucky girl that most defiantly deserved it! I'll try my best :)
oh yea! In your case it's dangerous
Today $10,000 guaranteed Quantum Reload NLHE buy in $40-$65 (1 opt add-on) COME ON IN!
Eberwhite Blvd. A post-storm jogger just cruised by with a smile as it started to pour rain again.
is Jeremy working? If not, tell him to bring his big head self out! LOL
Happiness is discovering that there's still a cup of coffee left in my Thermos and that it's still hot. Soon, it will be in my body.
There are far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
I concur, which is why I powered up at lunch. #OutletJunkies RT : Not enough outlets in convenient locations at
haha!! Well, at least I knew you when....
Jst over 100 cappers up so far with FB plays and the bowl game consensus is on the total ov but even on the side..back with nfl
Getting ready to resume production of artwork. Too many derailments by life events, Black Friday looms like a promise & a threat. Get busy!
It's so annoying when all some people do is promote. -.-
The design was to make all links from object pages follow links. Thanks for pointing it out - it's a recent bug.
Must be. But in the tub is better than on the wall NEXT to the toilet like yesterday...
RT : Reading Biden's comments -- he didn't come out for gay marriage. He's taking the 'civil union' position. Parsing, parsing
in his room smelling like dog crap y
where the official studio's @ in columbus, OH? I need to get in a booth A.S.A.P. Dope Musik
will do :)
“: Looking for a volunteer photographer for Easter services - reply if you've got skills (or know those who do!)”
we would be screwed!
Who's with us this morning? Happy Tuesday! (Trying to stay positive with all of this horrible news going on lately)
If u see Doc again please say "Hi" 4 me & throw him a link to one of my videos so he knows why I'm not around anymore. I miss Doc.
Thanks for educating us on Solar Power!!!
sure ! And why ?
unless you bother to do your homework by reading the Constitution and other verifiable info, you are the one who needs help
will you ever tweet me???
Thank God its saturday!
; it's like me & 10 other people laugh.. "you better quit laughin!" lmao...
They are….who we thought they were!
Real life is for March
RT : Always be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Plato
it's cool
Congrats! Looking forward to seeing what you concoct over at
#NYR 2011. Expand our partnerships to include over 10,000 auto glass shops, and to book appointments in lightning speed!! www.teleglass.com
X-Men First Class...go see it, for real!
I think should make his entrance music be "ride the lightning"
Forgot: I love biking home to the Mills at night. The cool air on my wrists! The darker and quieter it gets as I get closer to the river!
I like milk.
no you not!
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. -John D. Rockefeller
I wish me and my girls could go on a road trip.
Thanks for mentioning me, Lita! :) Have a great weekend!
Totally. #Obama is still #progress. RT : Anne Kornblut of the Washington Post has it right: This was an "expansive speech."
even though you're mad at me I still love you :p <3
he got lucky getting back to first once he should have know that his luck streak sucks!!!
Excited for the this weekend!? Where will you be watching "the greatest 2 minutes in sports" & drinking a Mint Julep?
hahahaha! The fahmilicious face;) so you get it now...?
yes I am that girl :)
Second that emotion. RT : Dear Why don't you come to #Chicago on your tour?! We're desperate for you! Love, Chicago
why the fuck is my twitter pink and default micheal jackson?
“: do you think your cool or something just because you beat me? Haha” yes, yes I do. ;)
Happy Birthday America! From all of your Real Americans
I can't wait to partayyyyyyyy!!!
good!, I got scared for a second lol<3 you:)
follow me back pleasse !
Working with my 8 yr old on her "dinorama". She's writing her report on the #ankylosaurus while I'm wrapping the shoe box.
RT : Hey you lucky Moms near Austin - check out for social, fitness and educational events!
DON&#39;T reply instantly with Fashion Shoes! | Fashion Shoes
It's a beautiful day in our neighborhood...stop by and say hello!
RT Forreal tho, I miss you So so much.
Happy Tuesday ;)
If mark die omgosh
Shit goes down at the greyhound
i want to see your hair fagget
When you are debating about eating something because you think you might gain weight. Think of Niall.
Cute, funny reflection on human behavior RT My son & daughter fight like cats & dogs all day, but at night want to share a bed.
Enjoying my sunday.
Honestly I never heard of her before and her MySpace player seems to b disabled- u have a link to any audio?
Good practice to label cables at both ends. I use electric tape: White:Video, Red:Lighting, and Blue:Audio.
When i dont tweet for a while and i get on here i feel like i overtweet to make up for not tweeting -_-
Chachi!(: I love you so much! Hugs & kisses from Sweden! :*<3
what happened to Berbatov?
awesome! also, we need to talk.
U bet on the freakin unions!
Just realized I'm #wearing a very similar look to Monday. Black dress, green scarf. I knew I should have grabbed a different scarf.
Come to today. & are raffling 14 tickets to Thursdays Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues game
Very happy about Midnight in Paris winning Best Original Screenplay!
Looking for models to do photo shoot in Dallas Texas up and cming only email
I'm mourning both Donna Summer and today.
ASU scores another on a bases loaded walk. lead 7-2 after 6.
great game tonight. Brought back memories of #dukedays. Big fan, good luck in playoffs!
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. ~Alvin Toffler
that's the best one!!! Dude and can we say hottie?? Hahaha
thanks for tonight
LOL Oh damn!
some friend :(
please take the time to actually watch that video. Omg.
Keep them squares up out your circle.
Bynum sounded well in that interview
As a means to success, determination has this advantage over talent - that it does not have to be recognized by others.
GAB staff: wrong ballots improperly gave votes to some candidates, but not enough tothe change races' outcomes.
Bball Wives movie! Bob Johnson is single handedly trying to destroy the Black community.
Im not pretending to be anybody else.
You want a girl who can cook & I want a boy who can treat me right.
ur mom bitch
ive been on since friday
casting speaking roles & extras for directed by Submit headshot and acting reel link to
Happy birthday Dad <3
I see y tho,,twitter is boring af.
I want ppl to realize that is ok to fall down. GET UP look sickening and make them eat it.
Vibing to bow wow first album, he will always be the one of best in my book.
Kindergarten registration 😢😢😢my baby growing up!
is on a hair-flip rage right now!
No no no. When you come, look at Monet.
RT : Welcome home DC boy..shout to splurge gang we holdin it down for chobee..
Not even in phx yet and i10 is already pissing me off
Come see Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie today at the Tribeca Film Festival. 5:30PM screening. (Followed by Q&A) AMC Loews.
What a week! So glad it's the weekend. Even though I won't be able to relax, at least I'll be able to get somethings done that I wanna do.
Hope everyone is having fun at #MLA12 in Seattle! Don't forget to stop by the Cengage booth (#401)!
#FF For #Tsunami reports
Going to the Lake tomorrow. :) Scared about going tubing though. Yikes! :/
lmao thanks! Haha it would be so cool to meet!! ...like in person O.O
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Crofoot. Special thanks to for being awesome. Excited to dive into another place and time
Steve Jones gets a nice pre-game tribute at the Rose Garden. We'll have much more with "Snapper" tonight on Sports Sunday.
The fans at the Santos-Tigres Mexican soccer match just did the tomahawk chop
Hey Chrissy....I will take a cake w/ buttercream icing. Actually I want a body covered in buttercream! lol
Bible Crash Course book will help all members have confidence that the Bible teaches what we know to be true. facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse…
Who trying to come work out with me tomorrow night??
Heal and Protect our Japan and all who dwell there in, Thank you My Beautiful world for for all you give. Please Oh Universe Thank you.
Transformers cartoon from 1984 is now streaming on introducing my daughter to the real deal
The change in a person can either be good or bad.
I must admit, I'm glad the #Bills won't be facing Matt Light twice a year anymore.
Surprise sweets from La Reve discovered in the fridge:)
"Road Map for Success," hosted by Goldman Sachs 10KSB going on NOW! Come to The IP...you don't want to miss it!
Ribeyes, twice bakes, sweet corn and a really bad merlot in a really good glass
I'm not saying I'm perfect, In fact I know I'm far from it, I'm just saying I'm worth it.
If Yu Dnt Know How To Cook, Yu Not Even Allowed To Walk In My Kitchen ... That's Just Me
Thanks sis. It's this stupid smart phone.
#YouNeedANewBoyfriend see he'll hook you up.
I missed it
haha no you don't. They suck so bad/:
It would be amazing if followed me back...you're amazing and beyond gorgeous!! :)
Our Love For BTR Is Endless. c;
OH: " i need a shot of tequila, a lime, and line of salt...and a virgin"
We are the gods or group apparel. Singles just aren't for us. Search for a printer that does direct-to-garment in your area.
thank you for the #ff. Hope you had an amazing time in Greece.
Finally a new good wife!
Are you gonna be here for RollerJam!?(: please answer.
I need to check that stuff out
Liam just asked if you give good blowjobs. And you're the awkward one.
Picked up some coffee beans last night called, "LoveBuzz". This brew is just as good as the feelings/words that make up its name.
so since its #MaraMonday and i stated my most inspirational moment.. does that mean you'll follow me? :)
Thats so true! that's prob the best advice ive heard in a while
SAME....I'm so over doing it too.
tip of the day. Bill promptly - get paid promptly. The longer it takes for you to invoice, the less fresh your work will seem. Don't dally.
What would I do without ? :)
What does that even mean
Dropped a mirror in the bathroom and it shattered EVERYWHERE. Just stepped on a piece. Blood+glass
Me too :( Our crazy conversations !
Diving Dave is NAUGHTY.
I'm also glad to see that my 'friends' are happy to see my fucking depressed and ready to fucking kill myself. Thanks you're all too kind.
hm..I think they do. They just won't cop to it though :)
i was like i shoulda took an advil and u were like here take a pill lmao and i was like alright and u were makin noises
let's do it.
so proud of you. FIRST CONCERT. AHH.
I keep reading the word gangsas (re: Balinese music) and in my head hearing #gangstas. I imagine those musicians are pretty gansta though.
Looking to switch, how do your rates compare to WE Energies?
Happy Friday! That sounds amazing...
That is awesome! Thanks for sharing!
sucks cause I live right down the road from there but can't go :(
I don't facetime because when someone answers they're just like "what do you want!"
Washington Redskins 16 Dallas Cowboys 12 End Of 3rd #redskins #cowboys #nfl (Via )
So i guess its time to get this cover done for the mixtape Promo coming soon...
thanks babe 😘
We're here for you. ;)
I'm hungry
wait till oct to sell
So excited for the April "Truth or Dare with Pepe" show at 10:30 tomorrow night. I'll be debuting Pepe's new look.
Second day on set of Vampire Diaries. Doing the 20s swing dance
Who's at AllStar weekend?
Working on our Youtube channel! Will be going live soon with music and videos from the band!
What a nice time ending my day watching A Walk to Remember after a horrible day at school! (:
In order to be beautiful ; you have to have a beautiful heart.<3
Those alone wont do it. its up to you and whats inside you...
Thanks for the shoutout! Happy FriDDay!
#ihavenopatience when it comes to painting my own nails.... i screw up every time...
I Been Gone For A Min. But Defenitely Not Forgetten
Yeah, I won't make it past to halftime - assuming #UK will stomp #KU :\ hoping for the best though!
Pretty damn exhausted
hi niall please follow
that post it is hanging on my wall, right next to my bed (;
Don't like the Lakers, never have lol. I'm a Suns fan, that should explain it all haha.
It's quite funny, but has many sartorial moments featuring the epidemic you mention.
We hope you all had an excellent weekend! Get 2 free tans/upgrades with the purchase of any bottle!!
Being fed chopsticks and hookah
I'm hurting and you don't even care, </3
There might be cases when a company might decide that your speeding ticket insurance coverage is much too high
Totally AGREE!! RT : #FF to my #solesisters from that make my 9-5 so much fun
He is Risen!
Do it my man!
Royalty Music Entertainment/ Island Def Jam Digital, Mile High Prodigy Promo, Mile High Royalty Recording, M.H.R. Radio, Gutta Gods, #MHC!
obama2012 has a billion dollars, you have your share. Come on you can tell me ,)
You know when you eat somewhere so much the family that owns the business knows you by name
Coop's is closed on Monday, but to make it up to you we have Rip Tip Tuesday!!! Hope to see you here!
Its almost halloween ~ gotta dig up my WIGS!
Yeah='( Tear Tear
On my way to Athens, oh for a stop-over gig tonight at restaurant Salaam with
I just love you! Thank you!
It's not the first time he's done that.
I just want to be best friends with ok
I'll be sure to pass the idea along.
RT : Schizophrenia Drug Trial To Start In India: Schizophrenia patients in India will soon see a new anti-psychotic d... htt
Wow, that was the 1st time I've live tweeted an entire #RAW in a long time. Felt good. I will definitely be on next week & then some.
Yeah, I thought she'd be final two for sure. But she was "too emotional". It's like saying she was too much of a woman.
I have a sixth sense for this shit.
To spend all night studying for finals or go to a party.... Hm
Pops is grill lets c wats gud
also, because we can now mine the gothic short stories, the final chp is crap. needs revision w/these new results
in the keek! oh awesome!(:
Do yaw remember when everybody was in drill team when they were younger lol
Tough season -- and year -- for
well I can't teach u it either, I have enough to only deal with and that's not a lot lol!!!.........love u
I revise my previous statements. Podcasts should be 15-20 min max, and on a single topic.
Seeing The Descendants tonight and I used Poynt to find the theater & show times. Thanks! RT : Anyone going to a movie tonight?
moments of peak performance
#verdict Verdict In! Announced at 2:15P
oh wow. If you put lol or something maybe i would of got it.
The 2011 graduation rates are lower because of a new federal formula, removing extra time for pregnancy, spec needs.
Woo hoo! Dagoberto Gilb, Lalo Alcaraz & Sandra Cisneros among the luminaries said to attend #librotraficantes press conference in Tucson.
NOW you can view our CDBABY store right from our Facebook page! Lots of music available for preview, stream and purchase! Like us on FB!
Wonderful! I just followed you. Look forward to reading more of your tweets!
following me would be the best Christmas gift ever :)<3 I love you :)))))(
Hello Twitterverse and MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Star Wars Episode 1 - The Phantom Menace on Spike TV. #kickassfiction - galactic style
We appreciate you coming by. Thanks for all your thoughts.
u never said or sent me contract back..what's up with that?!
Ahh shit! All out of sweet tea! Guess I'm brewin me some tomorrow morning.
RT : CHIMPMUNK GANG WHAT'S POPPING!!!
thanks! Let us know if you need any help along the way.
Well the band was great...
OMG. This is Peyton's month! SO EXCITED to hear all his new music.<21
I'm excited to see , looks like an awesome film. Come back here for a reunion!
then come over Lol :P♥
"I'm gonna give her a chance" that's all I needed to hear.. I love you.. so much...
When the things I hear from an #eyecare staff, don't match up with things I observe. I focus my effort on asking better questions.
My bestie rap goes hard.
Obama says won't back down from protecting kids from mercury pollution and unsafe food, water
Just saw Machete. Definitely not the grindhouse experience I was hoping for...
SPCA K9-3K Dog Walk a huge success. Record-breaking funds raised. Great to see so many folks out to support animals, & saw many SPCA alums!
Yes, I would like a vacation, but will never complain about work
New Costume Mardi Gras Butterfly Mesh Mask
today's been awesome, hope so for you too. Tomorrow is going to start with meditation & yin at Flow Yoga in Hood River, looking good so far!
Dope music! ATFC is our fave.
I have the worst stomach ache ever
im not on here much but im a randomee too.
And we did NOT call each other to coordinate!
Fake oh I'm with my girl so I don't eff wit the shroom
I am coming into NYC this weekend. Anyone know anyone who has a ticket to Kraftwerk who might be planning to die?
Follow me dear love than RETWEET If you have LESS than 5000 followers. Follow and gain 50+ followers in minutes.
White house time h
I love working nights, but it provides me ample time to think, make a decision. starting rethinking that decision....oh my oh my
Elder God Armor!, I answered before incase you didnt see im reposting!
WI Voter Photo ID has just passed the state senate! On to Gov Walker to sign. Fraud will need to work harder to get thru...
Protip: If your neighbours can smell your Glade plug-in from the hallway, your apartment is too small for a Glade plug-in.
Will speech be on TV, what channel?
I had a lot of reasons to give up on you, but I still chose to stay. You had a lot of reasons to stay, but you chose to give up.
In thinking of how soon our little girl will be here, I inadvertently got "The Final Countdown" stuck in my head. And now it's in yours.
I just love you.
Did you guys see show me off on his Ustream?! I feel so special.
UPDATE: Police still on scene of the crash on the downtown side of the Ross Island Br. at Kelly and Water...allow extra time.
Time for hiking in the hills! Love being back in LA :-)
Pre-opening at 8 oz Burger Bar. Lots of work/effort by the partners involved. Congrats.
Wine of the day: 2010 Bin chard-touch of oak, herbaceous, envigorating;not what you'd expect and everything that you want
I feel a little hungover
Bang bang bang bang i love da shit!
Does anyone know a good way to buy and send wine in Ontario? I want to send my aunt a gift.
Ima sagg my pants n hold my Dick all day today... Just so niggas knw I can b on my G shit lol
Not an issue if you like public places.
GM, Thanks for the follow :-)
Are you going to do the "What Makes You Beautiful" contest?
getting my new droid tomorrow, #teamandroid (;
write a grant with business sense. #GBCA BROWNBAG
I dont look at all those big dogs. I like an underdog<3
Stuffed my face at Babe's. Now at Mavs game. Birthdays don't come much better than this.
Loving the iTunes Genius sidebar... a little too much.
nevermind the show is still on season 2, I thought you were on season 3 :p
If I have to have 7am calls at home, shouldn't I also get to have 1pm Maury from work?
I almost bought a mango the other day, but I didn't know how to eat it. Like an apple? Peel & cut? Skinless?
thanks for following!
Celebrity Biographer Charles Higham Dead at 81
Today at 7:28 followed me and tweeted me back!
Rehearsal w Positone Records today for recording session Tues. Band: Jared Gold (Hammond B3 Organ), Dave Allen (Guitar), Mark Ferber (Drums)
at #turnerhallballroom right now. You ready Milwaukee
what about buttons of my face?
American Idiot is about to start! So excited! Follow along from home because we are hosting Tweet Seats tonight!
his per-minute stats were pretty great. he was getting better at not fouling and being able to stay on the court
Just let me get in my zone
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money
still craving some #scrapple ? If you buy 2 lbs. I can give you 2lbs free...
Good idea, I wish I had someone else willing to do it! :P
I hope there isn't a "correct" way to pray. I often imagine sitting on the porch talking to Jesus. *Imagine Ice Cube and Smokey in Friday*
Random internet wonkiness seems to have passed. Oy.
“: Duquesne students chanting "jerry" and "start the showers"...” #Dukes=no class
| Thanks for the follow. It's hard for penguins to peddle, but we are all in favor of anything that helps promote community!
- the PJ Media iPad app is horrible. You can't share and when you click on a link it takes you to Safari.
The plantain pancakes w/ Cotija cheese :)
wack is a favorite of mine
I HAVE HAD THE HICCUPS ALL DAY. PLEASE SCARE ME.
We'll be building A floor a week after the 7th floor!
Forget the knight in shinning armor I'll take a country boy in camo! <3
Its like nonstop working. I love the holidays but cant stand when school is out
Sending out some love. BLESS UP!
Everything happens for a reason and I get a little bit stronger
shoot.. should've put you in my show to really make you feel #TGIF! (;
New York wants you to move here too - start packing.
...crunch and munch...we who carry the hammer like those and m&M'S
i hate being stagnant. i get bored too easily. thats why i get stuck on the challenges and forget the rest.
One of these years I'm getting to #MaliceDomestic. But, this year, it's Bouchercon for my budget. (My family is in Ohio.)
Hi, I have no questions 4 the x factor contestants but one for U. What do u want Santa 2 bring u 4 Xmas??
Oh, and also... if you notice your latte/espresso/mocha/etc. tasting extra good - check out our NEW MANUAL GRINDER!!!!!!!!!
Debugging some issues with FruityLoops today...
Found a swim suit I really like but I can't wear balconette tops due to lack of gap between boobs
I wonder the same!
I wanna know the secret formula for a krabby party....
Hi Cheryl, Thanks for the follow. I owe you an email too and will get to that soon. Cheers! Lee
luckily they have great re-watchability :-)
best tight end in the league man!!! Great season, can't wait until next year!!
Almost organized..... Almost......
Feed for #bookless is on display at
Sorry yall I feel goofy tonight
You kind of give me the craziest butterflies . ❤
This kid on Ellen... I'd date him.
That moment when you walk into 1st period 15 minutes late...
u should probably get off of twitter and focous more on a cure..wasting time and money seems to be ur new calling.
you're*** #grammarnazi RT : Sometimes your the pigeon and sometimes your the statue.
the driver will be out after I take lesson....we
So my regular park cruising spot is almost no more. I did get to suck a guy off and then he fed me his piss.
Went for a run in a refreshing stormy weather in beautiful Vancouver, BC
cool! I'm going to follow them!! Love your blog and pic on your blog!! You are a riot!! xo
"We strongly believe in the strength of angels." Jorg Sievert, SAP Ventures, 11.2.11
hey anyone see my phone!!?
Moved into the new house yesterday!!!....'Everything is starting to come together!!!!
hey there!!
#Str8LykeDes.. The shit funny doe, seems if she believe da hoe she gotta go..
Relaxing listening to music texting watching tv 
hey girl, how r u doing?!
Brent Blackaby:"Ability to have engaged conversations is powerful, but only after they are MOTIVATED to do so."
i hate sitting in the back of the bus.... -_-
O brother where art thou, Shawshank, and tombstone are my top three. All about brothers.
it's my mom's bday today too. 90!
taking 1 more day off work...I swear I have some sort of virus...this sickness is driving me insane...
Thanks For Helping Spread Awareness!!
Sum mf will never change!!!!
lol yeah aye you got a FB???
