Wonder if they have it in my area...
My pleasure
thanks for the follow back! :-)
When I was in school, a perfect S.A.T. Score was 1600. just said 2400 is a perfect score. Wow. Are there more questions?
i'm excited to use/help with waterlee! fyi it looks like your site has a malicious iframe injected into it
RAISE IT
No friends in gym class right now super sad 😢
Is there a word count? When does it need to be in by? I have a wonderful true story to tell.
AMEN that's the truth!
during the school day...I am free 12 - 12:40
you never got on monday was on but all he did was watch netflix lol you work today?
1st entry in 2-year by-30 plan: be published in the Chattahoochee Review.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf someone says a sentence and there's the word "but" and you still laugh.
I'm in love with this state. #bestvacationever :)
Guy boarded the train carrying a golf club. Somehow that looks more menacing than if he had a whole set.
being the guy that is good at excel has to be the worst...
Had to share with my boss ha. Killing time til the gates open
how are you?
#MyProblemIs i party too hard sometimes ....2 much fun isnt good!
S'mores cookies are bomb as fuck!!
#OCOG MDC Pumariega quotes Richard Florida saying we need to create our creative class! MDC programs are key.
RIGHT?!? “: The Dyson Airblade makes drying your hands a truly exhilarating experience.”
good time :) hey but thats just my opinion :P
Huge congrats on your new position. You've got a great director, staff and collection to work and play with. Eyes are on you bud.
We'd match our competitor's prices ... but it would mean raising ours.
Anyone else going to see childish gambino aka tonight at ace of spades. Totally stoked about this show!
Turns out my old roommate put in the order and they goofed on the address.
i'd love to win myself a set of steak knives...
In 2k11 I want to be in the heat
Don't compare yourself to others, that's when you start to lose confidence in yourself...
Hahaha ik the game has no importance but the heat are down by 25 at half to the wizards haha. Now back to the NFL draft.
I don't trust nobody!
Turn off: someone with onion lips lol
Ok, now that is a great reply. I love it. See, be funny or worth knowing and connecting is easy!
Exciting news announced: Brittany Hall to be closed for Spring + Summer 2013 for major renovation. For Fall 2012, Brittany will be open.
#ThingsImGoodAt reading peoples body language.
had fun watching my parents put up a playground (;
yea just msg me what song and ill send you the info
Dj Paul X will be dropping the needle @ 9pm at Tequila Shots so come on by and enjoy the best best with the best drinks
Watching these brats on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
MT iPhone users, our app is a great way to stay connected to info we have to offer. Check us out in the App Store
WooHoo! Time to hit up the bar for Thirsty Thursday drinks!
I think its a favorite of mine too... I always watch or want to watch it when it's on.. But I don't own it
yep of course it was him
SPRING BREAK!!!!
I didn't know we were going.... YAY! :)
#DAMLA be a DAM dictator, this is not a democracy - Jason Dittmer, GA Communication Group
haha that's what I like to hear! That is some quality learning right there. Take the stolen puppy to class. He will love that
is visiting Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School in Takoma Park, Maryland!
Another non-Mets no-hitter
I got word from our race director that they have mapped out the course with 16 to 17 obstacles! Water tight rope, mud, hay bales, cars!
We still have Blue Berry Pancakes!
Not that I can remember right now, but cool when I start up my team I want you and Ivan to play
Thanks 4 the follow Francisco Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Hoping to visit soon - Cheers!
N MY NAME "MERCEDES STREETS" WE GOT BIZZY BONE, SHOP BOYS, BONE CRUSHER, M-DOT, MR CHEEKS, FIELD MOB, CRUNCHY BLACK
Oh gosh. I hate skyrim :p
Possible supplier? Let's find out and see. Also, if you're not biking..I don't know what to say...LET'S KAYUH!!
The movie companies call and specifically ask for the No. 3 - Mova Verde
Congrats on another season of #Parenthood. You all deserve it and so do we!
xbox is great online GT
Fuck yes. Dance Until Tomorrow is the 2nd trending topic WORLDWIDE :D
thanks for the recommendation!! We had a great first day with the lenders. Love this group!
who do you think you are responding to my tweets?! D:<
I am going to set the over-under on GOP defections on Paul Ryan's budget at 13. There were 4 last year. Vote is tomorrow.
Valentine's day.....i don't have a valentine.. :( ....SHIZZZ.
nothing would beat a massage right now
Thanks, but I already hauled it to the DoubleTree!
Morning/Afternoon Beautful Twitters! How is every1 on this lovely day! Me? Tired still! I'm tweeting w/1 eye open! Lol!
Fantastisch! Hoera, Kelli! Very into the Dutch world right now, so have to get your opinion. Do check out
Just found out I have almost $600 in my bank account when I thought I was broke. That just made my day!(:
stop, that's my song
all of us need to chill. Like soon
I am not familiar!! Smh! Who said they was they Lying
I haven't had crazy weird cravings like some women claim..
Ha! Mwah!
When I start work on the third and final #novel in the Temperature series it will start as an #eBook. More about that later this year.
RingzTV will be at CES this upcoming week in Las Vegas, NV. Anyone interested in getting a pre-launch demo, contact us!
Ralphs is insane right now!!!!
some dude just spent 20 minutes trying to get me to join his kool-aid cult; judgment day is upon us and I'll feel gods wrath or some shit
couldn't disagree more! :) He was most interesting in context of Anna or when he had multiple women/contexts
joining #Union ALWAYS optional, dont work there. Higher pay + benefits come with a cost. No free rides.
Studying for Spanish 2 final... /: urg. so many words!
not me lol
SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY FOR COMING TO THE D THE JUDGES ALL THE TALENT AND SHORT DAWG YALL DID YALL THANG TONITE
If the Flyers cant handle the Devils forecheck how can they handle LA or Phx?
last day for the beach!!!
Happy Tuesday! #gym! Need I say more?
In case you needed another reason to root for IU against UK tonight, IU has more Pell Grant recipients than UK. Go Big Red (my alma mater)!
espn U documentary "40 Minutes of Hell" hope u see it some time soon.
Happy Mother's Day, but where's my mother..? Woke up and she's not here... A little strange
Isn't this where the -ahem- NBA MVP is supposed to take over the game?
Some people make it so hard to live life.
Terrible day....
Tonight, Thanksgiving Edition Happy Hour from 10pm-2am! $5 cocktails, $6 wine, $6 Martini, $3 beer, food specials and more...Join Us!
Why am I getting so worked up over this? There are 161 games left!
When my bby takes long to reply back I just want to strangle him
My Pandora playlist played Dropkick Murphys "state of mass." earlier. Now I don't want to do anything but watch Nitro Circus! Lol
No words truer, ESPECIALLY this year RT The NHL playoffs are better then the NBA playoffs
im droppin knowledge! Call me Marketing Director.
The Difficult is that which can be done immediately; the Impossible that which takes a little longer.
yea I did awful. It was a mean joke sorry.
😃😉no problemo just stating
i just got to english! what do you have next ??????
Sigh #AdamLavine so are so beautiful!
you better not be or ima beat you.
hey man I took my girlfriend to see it. And some guys from the fire department
it's in my bio “: so nobody says Mulatto? ...”
#Super8 or so I've heard is good, I will check it out soon.
#Librarians, what has your experience been interfiling collections? Fiction, Sci-Fi, Mystery living together in harmony?
oh god. Haha but yeah, I'm hoping to go up for those shows :)
And Another Thing…I Don’t Appreciate You Wearing The “I’m With Satan” Tee-Shirt When We Go Out…
Hi, this is Duncan McGriff, the hottest online radio station on the planet is WNJR-Newark.com.
how r u today
I wanna give ya devotion......
When people call me a little girl! <<<
Thanks, Nice to meet you, I will add it to my reading list!
Check out the new album 'Nothing Nice' coming soon and keep an eye on DatPiff for all the latest hotness from the Young Slum Lord! Love!!!
still bummed about Carolina's loss, but psyched for the #MadMen season 5 premier tonight!
what kind of dogs do you have?
Why are speedy checkouts so fricken slow?
That's live theatre, folks. The potential for failure is part of the thrill.
Last call for requests for tonight's #Wits!
WHAT! Lo mein and snowboarded? Ya know...people get killed over non invites like this :)
Ew you creep why are you even following me 😳😳😳
jimmy has trained his whole life for this
DHC's Christine Varela & are out this afternoon w/ for the US Olympic Team Trials for Women's Boxing
#truth change doesn't start by moving to a new city, change start with you making up in your mind to change! ()
PMP Cert is a great baseline, but never stop learning. So much of project mgmt is situational
going to sleep now .
Some woman in the bathroom asked me to smell her to confirm she didn't smell like B.O.. Oddly, I was honored.
Definitely "A perfect murder" with Michal Douglas and That NYC apartment is absolutely stunning! Ranked
Our wild leopard printed velvet gloves are in Dec Elle Page 286. The model is totally clothed in Leopard Print. Great photo.
That sounds really nit-picky, but when writing a lot I need to know I'm going to be comfortable with it in a few months.
Get to see Reds in NYC tomorrow...Get to see Reds in NYC tomorrow...Get to see Reds in NYC...and with Christopher...it's New York Eve!
thanks 4 sharing
I wrote Amy a post card, our whole class wrote to Amy, each one us picked out a special post card for Amy and she wrote back.
is the coolest!!!
Can't. concentrate. fuck.
The Continental Club, Houston, TX tonight. Show starts around 9, see you there!
How is Brand Steakhouse? Whats good on the menu?....
Just hold me, okay?
That's Ben's thing too, huh?
u going to bed no way thts not tht morgie i no hahhaha(:
cereal before bed always tastes better for some reason
good luck with that!- hope you've been well
R.I.P. Junior Seau #55 ... Never forgotten, forever a Legend!
Bynumite defense leads to NBA Playoffs win #1. Kobe & company position themselves to play to their strength, BIGS! PaPau in Sessions
Just ran into Brian Taylor in the Nokia plaza... Awesome? Yeah ;P
Find the soul of your story. What moves the characters? What moves you? Connect to theme.
u just called me à bitch i aint helpin . U wit shit
Man this concert is gonna b fun as hell singing my songs on stage
Beautiful day today can't wait to start it
lol no but I've been tryin to find a job !
Sleepily (naively) taking back
i do
Star-News is local wkly, OBRag is alt, & Voice isn't "mainstream." Is Q really, why aren't CityBeat & SD Reader on the panel?
There's a place in this world where people like me are found by people like you. So find a place as this forever divine.
hey merry xmas
lol rarely watch tv tho only at night an sports lol
Grab n go on the way to work, you won't be sorry.
thank you for the kind shout-out. Hope your new year is off to a good start. :-)
What is your favorite thing about the change of seasons? #SummerIsAlmostHere -CS
Fear of losing you
Making christmas, making christmas, is so fine. It's ours this time.
Israel is finally ungrounded
#oomf will never learn.
grading, grading, and more grading.
Your thrown awaits -- SECCA has new gallery furniture. Just the place to sit a while and enjoy the exhibitions.
getting some taco bell maybe :P!!
ocupado currently. I'll hit you up later today
Belger Arts Center will host a demonstration by The Print Factory on Sept. 2. It's a mobile printmaking collective founded by KCAI alumni.
A brand new XPS 13 laptop could be yours! Just come by our booth, #1503, & fill out a short survey
Excellent choice :) We're happy to have you around for a bit longer! RT social work!
What's a good way to digitize notebooks?
Assuming Brees plays, a part of me thinks the Saints might not miss a beat on the field - and will rally for Payton
why can't you ever Text me ma'am?
Hi Nas, you wild and crazy photographer you! All great on this end. And u? Wishing you a terrific Spring.
other than just youu.
Side effect of being open, is student's work will be found. Opens up students to powerful interactions w/real world. via
and CJ got you a gift. Idk when I'll get it to you cuz he forgot it haha
Good Morning! :D
Clint Session signed with Jacksonville.... wow....
Happy Birthday!!!
That didn't work either.
Almost dinner time...what's on the menu?? A juicy burger of course...or how about some local rabbit? Dine in,take out, or porch!
Legendary Dallas Cowboys Reunite for Charity Golf Tournament
where are people watching the Champions League Games tomorrow in KC?
whys chubbs dressed like a lady?
I don't usually hit the "post score" button but apparently the slight rocking #JCCC2 world tilt put me in the zone tonight
So excited new bedroom set in 2 days
RT “I made a choice to stay home + raise five boys. Believe me, it was hard work.” ~ Ann
Happy Birthday to a terrific guy & great actor! Looking fwd 2 working on w you & many more projects.
I am doing my quarterly re-watch of the series. I keep forgetting that my favorite scenes are earlier in the first season.
it says the link isn't working :( can you send it again?
So excited about my ever increasing Twitter Family...welcome to ALL! More personal 1-on-1's to come! Esteem-ly Yours, Queen Esther!
Wishes life came with a rewind button
ty Bobby for all your amazing support!!
The trouble with law is lawyers.
lol this girl
It's my birthday party and I'll cry if I want to. But I think I'll laugh instead.
Hoffa speaks truth... Romney and his goons in the GOP care nothing about this country ... that being the 99 percent!
": shoutout to glorious follower" check this smoothie out :D
my TL is so dead. *crickets*
RT : S/o to the team
Fasting and cleansing season woohoo
AND THE #KNICKS STAY ALIVE! INCREDIBLE CLUTCH GAME FOR MELO! AND A GREAT COMEBACK GAME FROM STAT! WE'RE GOING TO GAME 5!
Called it
Just dropped your order in the mail! Hope you enjoy!
and I'm comando 
It's a full house at friggemal studios today with special guests Kevin Pollack,Rich Vos, Neal Brennan and Keith Alberstadt...6-10a on 101.5
#Stachetacular MT : #Brewers Axford keeps saves/opps streak in tact, 48 in a row managing chaos today vs STL Impressive
Cincinnati #PRSA March event on all things on Tues 3/27 at 6. More details coming tomorrow via
great video Brittany!
Bouncing light? White bed sheets or muslin will fit through a door & can be put almost ne where.
Who has the best fans in the world and is number 5 in overall votes to play San Fransisco Warped Tour? We do :)
Sometimes, in the name of survival, a person must pretend no other times existed or will exist.
didn't see it
it was truly outrageous!
try to get follow by you :) #NeverSayNever :)
Take a moment 2 express ur gratitude. What r u thankful for?
you got that right James, hopefully the rotation can shake it off and throw some Solid innings.
Gonzalez out of lineup with strep throat
We can't wait to see it!
Gonna have to raise that bar in Phoenix #nascar to beat Daytona's craziness. There's a fight that day... GO Ronda "Tap-em & Snap-em" Rousey
RT : warhead freeze pops are so good
Im on for a bit. Anyone on? :)
#saascon Cloud is transforming computing to utility so do the providers need to come under utility laws ?
Last tweet I sent that I was a lie love is way better than just sex
it was funny at first but cmon.. that show is so stupud now. and the dudes in regular show are 1947391x funnier. omg.
Omw to the airport .
I'm excited for you!
Remind us on your bday. We may be busy stuffing our faces...I mean...spending time with family.
Believe in your self. Never back away from your dreams. Work hard and things will happend. Be smart in the things you do to get there. M ...
Drinking local Arden's Garden "Salad in a Glass" vegetable juice. I can't believe I've been scared to try this stuff-it is awesome!
Gary Smith had won 42% of his games as #Rapids manager and has a 29% win percentage at Stevenage. Let's not go gong show on his leadership.
you are never an "Ex-Pittsburgher"
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. please RT
You go with your two feet bare
Red Cross certification complete. All that's left is application approval and Captain's school. Get excited for your tour this summer!
Last ever dinner and walk across the quad with
I'm pretty sure I'd just punch the guy
it's cold up north. and where's all the bbq?
#Ed Hochuli is my favorite referee.
Yaa Bitch Ass Got More Followers Then Me -,-
Watching #giants at the Harlem Tavern. Let's go Big Blue
Embarrassed to admit I didn't know Dom Deluise was still alive.
that's why I don't wear makeup anymore.
Got picked up from school early from finishing the Bio EOC & going to the dentist later. :/
I did. Been thinking about ways we can share good practices for academic social media. We should chat some more.
Wishing everyone a happy, safe, and relaxing Memorial Day weekend! # SLPeeps
The Cafe 4 burger at in Market Square in Knoxville is awesome! You should try one.
Come see me at iBeach Chandler we have the BEST beds in town!!!!!
Vikings stadium bill passes senate taxes committee heads to full senate floor for a vote. live from Capitol on KSTP-TV at 10.
Thanks for following, PetTalk!
In Monrovia staying close to home and avoiding traffic
Saw Black Swan & The Fighter yesterday. Both were great with amazing performances but it's hard to beat the creative talent of Aronofsky.
Not feeling well. And at work. Ugh is it 4 yet?
Guest column: Chris Bent ... Conspicuous consumption and legacies: I had been in a world distanced from pain, where everybody worked ...
likewise, Frederick
Remember, eprom is playing crisp tonight!
RIP Heavy D gonna miss u
Loving My Husband So Much
Can you draw them from Facebook and Twitter?
Thanking God for my busy day:)
Good Morning Hope you enjoyed ur Bday and ready for a weekend celebration.
rotting not allowed on Fridays. Only Monday's. Guess you missed that memo :p
what is up?
Great on the clock trying to tweet
Promoted #TNA this morning in a radio appearance in Beckley, WV. live tomorrow night broadcasting on location.
haha so true! Very fishy indeed
Great to know about you - thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you there, ! Thanks for the shout out, ! ;-)
just suck the dick!
Q. What's the difference between tampons and cowboy hats? A. Cowboy hats are for ass holes.
i miss you this stinkss
ikr! & yeah that's exactly what he told me
thanks much for RT- have a great week
“: 2012 Common Core Summer Institutes - REGISTRATION is now OPEN”
Deuces Vegas. Oh hii Texas
Happy New Year everyone! Love you!
Holy cats, is it beautiful out there today.
There is nothing I hate more than school.
<Stellar. If you can bring some fine Cognac back, consider it............
Can I stay at your house
haha we should for sure!
cool cool. They switched me to the golf.
Hey chick!
Our album, Peace of Mind, is coming to iTunes and other digital outlets very soon!
Noo you live & learn and won't make that mistake again !
lol aye I appreciate that lol an nice song
I think Ezekiel english muffins just might be the best things on earth!
When it's time 2 decide whether or not 2 push the button, do ya want an atheist, or someone who believes in eternal life in the White House?
What an awesome idea.. we just saw the news bit about it :)
Beautiful day on the coast! We have a ton of rentals this weekend, come enjoy the sun!
Eating sushi,and Colin snacks!
Omg I never saw these tweets. Rofl rofl
Swear to whatever: Just bought The Odditorium from , then checked email & library has it on hold for me now. Spooky.
We gunna be partying it up this weekend!!!(:
.'s John Lozier: "Average life expectancy in US is 80; for folks experiencing homelessness it's less than 50."
I got my drivers licence today so I am officially an Indiana resident!
thanks 4 mention! much appreciated
still alive
WATCH AND GIFT DRAWING ! FREE RAFFLE DEC.24,2011
I am a slave to the food pyramid
I dont think anyone had Coyotes, Predators & Kings as 3 of the final 4 in the West...
I'm so turned on by alternative punk guys! Ugh!
#LOVEIT It's also been too long since I've seen that movie. I need some Effie in my life!
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
too bad there's no other way to communicate than hand signals
where have noise canceling headphones been my entire life?
it's good bruh
Golden raisins, I'm sorry I don't tell you I love you more.
Actually I'm planning on doing a lot of the work.
Free Game 6 Sixers club box seats with ? I don't mind if I do
hello beautiful amorcita
Disappointed with the produce out. Anyone have a good place to buy decent produce?
playing devil may cry 4 on the xbox360
What you wont do the nxt one will
On my way home to LA and stopping for dinner. Can't wait to be in my own bed.
“: Good Morning RT : Good morning” 
Tonight: mic-check of Alderman Joe Moore who voted for Mayor 1% Emanuel's crap budget. Joe, you've made it clear whose ally you are.
Searching Craigslist for apts on April 1st--yea or nay? I'm seeing some REALLY good deals, and yet no one is answering their phones...
im overloaded on college bball, but the amount of time in between FSU games is unbearable
Pop goes the wessel :)
awesome, if you ever wanna throw anything on our site gimme a shout!
Indeed. You'd think the Preds were the Blue Jackets or something.
I'm excited to hear it!
People come to arts events because of what they say about them
What you are is what you have been. What you�ll be is what you do now.
Does anyone have reccs for a great pillow that helps with lower back pain
is it too early to eat a hot dog from kwik trip? gonna grab two when i go to get some gas. probably some scratch offs too. maybe slurpee?
Just got blessed by a crackhead
Devils food cake!
South Waterfront blog: Happy Birthday Tram
Hey! Happy Tuesday! How is everyone doing today? Drink that water! Move that butt! :) Make today count!
making thru this whack ass doctor appt. I need a referral for work and I been here 2 hrs. I'm blessed regardless
seeing the pitches for #3DS at was awesome! i loved seeing these new ideas and how quickly they came together
Tomorrow we are working on how to get more Healthcare providers and Law firms as clients.
RT I hate when your text message fails to send and you don't realize it for hours
Ugh! Im ready to leave now!
I impress people, you depress people.
brush to teeth nigga
#NowPlaying Timmy T / Time After Time
5 Women flashbacks?! I need another bottle of champagne...
RT : It has never been so easy to earn a living as a poet in the U.S. as it is today. Dana Gioia
haha, why thank you! So when ya gonna help me make this one come to life? :)
Geared up for our mentorship panel on July 12th! Visit www.strategycoaching.info to rsvp!!!
Sunday Sunday .. Cleaning the studio
You're welcome, Karla!
I was gonna tweet somethin ignorant but I will just tell you when I see You lol .....
I always forget how simple and brilliant really is.
props on getting signed. Heard it on gci last night. Putting #Chicago on the map
Testing, testing
A little boy just played Gandalf with my car in a parking lot. I had to come to a full stop bc he wouldn't move. His mom just watched. WTF.
Very cool. He grew his hair again? Need video! I looked but couldn't find.
I apologize for not being able to attend tonight's event as I was already committed to another meeting. Congrats
RT: Govt. run healthcare: it's an oxymoron to say you can cut costs by expanding coverage. You must make tough choices!
just fucking awesome
"I'm married to the music. For better or for worse." 
okeayy cnn ! tell her cheer up kaeyy !:>
Steroids just hit a HR against the Reds
I. Need. Netflix.
Because surely, this is the first time the players in question have ever complained about anything, right?
Happy Birthday, Will you emcee the Pulitzer Award ceremony when we're finally recognized?
That article brought tears to my eyes-you hit all the right chords-I feel that way every day!!!! Send a copy to Arlen!!!
Rachel kinda looks hot there..
That could've been the stupidest thing to keep a secret...
#borgata ac BorgataAC with the bitches!!!
Family of nerds ehh?
I got 1st overall !!!!
When people I wouldnt expect open up to me >>
I'M ON MY WAY BACK 2 THE MOUNTAIN TOP, & THIS TIME I'M BRINGING THE CORRECT GEAR, MATERIAL, MINDSET AND ATTITUDE. FUCK U IF U AREN'T WITH ME
I can connect you with my friends that have : Vanessa, Margot, jimmy, Jen.. Lettme know
#nowplaying Phil Ranelin/Wendell Harrison - A Message From The Tribe... pure beautiful genius
Where you workin now, still bartendin?
Seriously 30 emails in one night and there are all ads! Lol
Where's the live music gonna be at for Valentine's Day????
is upgrading the office and building desks. Anyone else hate putting office furniture together?
getting my butt in gear, working out every night. booyuh.
Happy birthday good buddy!
What's a mute point?
Reentry Anonymous: Ex-offender Reentry Education, Information, and Support. 12 Step Recovery from Criminal Addiction.
:O that sucks!! but yeah i dont have time for anything anymore. when i dont have homework, i always have something (cont)
Tell McDonalds who are cutting benefits at home while building a store a day in China.
"The one thing you cannot teach is passion"
Everyone awake and moving on this monday? What was your favorite #pcbw event of the weekend?
#ILoveMyMomBecause she still gets angry at me when I don't give her a goodnight kiss!
APRIL 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character!
Planning a day outdoors? Lips, along w/eye area & upper chest, has the thinnest skin on a body. Apply UV protection to your lips too!
I know Walter subcheck
Call JD Systems Toll Free: 877.778.JDTV(5388) for all your Audio and Video needs!
I prefer Jesse McCartney quite honestly lol.
Shit got real today.
Absolutely! You should always take the opportunity to expand your cultural experiences. Adult or not :)
Team EFG. Are you an amazing graphic designer? Include 3 samples of your best work. Apply at
long day tomorrow time for bed....OK maybe after DA BULLS game
really good one ,,, coldplay- strawberry swing , every teardrop is a waterfall, glee- dog days are over,
is the current domicile on the market yet?
Great job, Philly. Booing Noah after rolling his ankle.
After two years, finally shooting a self-produced project again this Saturday. Hope this becomes a regular occurrence.
What if like Ono is purposely trolling Capcom and making each update of #SFxT worse and worse as a parting gift from his former role?
so now you're molly sender again on the book? I feel like I dont know who you are...
Pay For This Book
Dear "normal people", I'm not weird; I'm a limited edition. Sincerely, Lighten up because you only live once
“: Next one of y'all mention Tami on my tl getting unfollowed lol” even Talib! BBW is a hit tonight. Lol
Hello Mother :)
Listening to the new album on Spotify. She's amazing as always.
Bahaha, well played sir RT : you just described Brett Farve's last 6 yrs of his NFL career
"Great! Because I have to pee!" "We have been on the road for 38 minutes!"
Notes written in blood should say things like, "Don't forget to pick up milk..." or "I'm sorry I hit your car"...
There is nothing in the world so much like prayer as music is.
Happy Cinco De Mayo to my love and ...HORA DE LA FIESTA!!!
Chau Chiang is my fav professional poker player, because he "love play pokah!"
ha ok! I saw "we" & then wasnt sure!! left message for reservations. They r gonna call bck 2 confirm.
Leaders have a responsibility to see their blindspots or be mature enough to let others point them out.
I know right! Gardening is great but I kind of want to live on the edge again!
your unfollow software doesn't allow enough time- u should check ur settings- u r followed.
bahah Dancing With The Stars was classical night last night , they danced to all that type of music .
Will you be wearing # 44 this season? I want to buy your jersey
Thanks for the RT! :-) Have a marvelous weekend!
New Google Chome logo. I liked the old one better, but it isn't terrible.
Yes I did - would really like to talk with you and others about it more.
Tonight and 10pm We will be sacrificing a goat onstage to the Pagan god of comedy
i love you
Receiving > Stabbing
morning :] how are you?
Today was the day when everyone realized that The End (of the semester) is Near.
Thank you for the bundles of grapevine, old friend. Now, the weaving begins.
jonathan hi <3
Sounds good. Can you provide me with a URL for the UI console?
Yum! Nice choice! :)
OMFG AW I FEEL SO BAD BECAUSE I DIDN'T SHOOT FOR THE FIRST TIME IN SO LONG CRIES
RT : For out-of-season organic produce, try the frozen food case for a selection that's half the price of what's been flown...
My laundry sorting piles resemble Everest, Lhotse and Nuptse.
Yo oh sympathy ass.
Twitter Nation .. How many entered the #WSOP 2pm Deep Stack today??
i love tht song!
Thanks for the follow, good sir!
if one more person bashes country music strait to my face making fun of me for liking it, I'll strait up hurt them. KISS MY COUNTRY ASS.
I hate to find a kid in highschool died:(
Where'd the rest go? RT You Can See Elizabeth Taylor's Wardrobe and Sparkly Things at MOCA Before They Go to Auction bit.ly/oY38TF
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You're always up for an adventure
No! He hurt Pappa Orton!! And now Orton!! :'( ah
:) oh yeah I talked to mrs judy and you will receive a fear the brow tile for your room
Good luck! Wish I was there with you guys!
I'll take a look at Champion. Thanks for the recommendation!
We are a Social Media consulting company for the business that is looking to have a professional image online. www.allerentconsulting.com
What are you doing in Linthicum, MD, of all places?
dang, I bet! You can cheer for the Blazers when they come to Dallas on Wednesday.
#TheVoice good song choice.
that's a shame. Have seem some HS programs offer sports/recreation mgmt/admin as an elective class. Good idea when done well.
Any news on the Parkway redevelopment? I haven't seen or heard anything in at least 18 months.
In wanna jump in my pants?
RT : Opera is the Ron Paul of Web Browsers
Lol, what you doing
I wish someone will talk me to sleep!
female logic
It's the curse of Sid Bream!
(AP) -- Ex-Ill. Gov. Rod Blagojevich arrives at Colo. prison to begin 14-year sentence for corruption
at 0:28 that was actually
lmao I know
Twitter and Facebook on SelfControl for 23 hour increments until this presentation is done on Wednesday
Luke Kuechly will have a great impact right away covering backs/tight ends and smacking around opponents.
“: Jordan Taylor. Onions!” ironic or factual?
thank you! It went grt - pretty fun & I am looking forward to exploring deeper now that #nycswmg is over
I would like to clarify my previous tweet... I like the format of this debate, but not the questions.
Gotta be on top
thank you.
You just need to watch it, asap!
announcement will be via press release, web site and social media
welcome to twitter bro
The problem with being a living sacrifice is that we tend to scurry off from the altar before we have been consumed.
Yah, I know :) I saw it on YT while looking up videos of Toer. Do you live in Jakarta? Would love to read your work!
Hi Mina!! How are you doing this week? I just had a lovely anniversary wknd w friends & family & am just so blessed!! ♥Aoede♪♫
why u no go sleep eh? Lol wa goin on
Michael Edwards of Fort Worth, Texas named VP of Basketball, Travel Sports.
That would be cool!
Me and my buddies chipped in & rented what we thought was a limo. Turns out it was actually just an El Camino with a topper.
Matthew 9:35ff "Then Jesus made a circuit of all the towns and villages. He...healed their bruised and hurt lives..."
Very true, we think it will be good. Especially if they blow us away with some type of Apple TV update.
So fucking annoyed with everything.
Did Adjustments on last stop help Boris?
You making IT happen up there ? Have a great weekend!
That is the one I was leaning towards. Just like the flavor, or I guess I should FLAVA!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you touch my food.
Dunk you very much!
I loved your advice on backstage why actors should join twitter its because of you that i joined!
haha, it's scary how well you know how i operate...
Sounds mildly terrifying. And I thought the Italians made a big deal out of their pizza!
I think I need to dance it out, but there's no dance party. Even HP has gone home to bed....
Am listening to the Blues Show on #KUNM and reminded how much I LOVE the
Seen way too much abuse. If you're looking to fund something sustainable or long-term, you should have a business plan.
I don't understand Charles Dickens
Lol, true true “: girl they look like buffed up toothpicks”
. Nowww, that's not nice. Scrapple is definitely meat. Also cornmeal, and spices.
We had an amazing time at Wholistic Life Ministries yesterday. What an awesome move of God! Pics coming soon!
Congrats! MT has received a grant from the NEH to digitize it's Flemish books of hours in 2013! Thank you NEH
#HealthCare bill is gonna be overturned.
I catch your drift, I catch your drift all night long.
Let the work begin...
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong. - William Thackeray
Sorry I didn't get to see you! I know visits are hectic. catch you next time :)
“: Breaking: is an asshole who works spoilers into every conversation” hahaha
just got home, about to watch a movie. :)
meadows is a gigalo
Can I reach 3,700 followers for today please, Monsters? :) (RT).
Watching Never Say Never ! :D #MyWorldMemories when started singing rockaby baby<3
It's not that I hate you. I just want to punch you in the face, that's all.
I believe that Epik Gamers will win woo
Depending on your budget, any current router will work. Is roommate using wireless connection exclusively?
Kardashian: "I luv animals & always will. I believe in freedom of choice" Right, so where was the animals freedom of choice #not2bskinned?
others we'd like to meet: divorce/family law atty, va, promo products, caterer, dentist, mover, auto repair, biz coach, movers...
oh alright, bye! (:
Had to pay my respects to a G, #RIPClipD , a stand up dude 4real.
me too bruh! send that joint so I can knock it down for ya
Passion is something we are all born with BUT something very few die with.
really? Did you get confirmed too? :)
Someone who actually cares>
awe she so cute!! :) Congrats!!
I don't think there is anything sadder in the sports world than than being a fan from San Diego. #Padres #Chargers Need I say more?
Newt is the "King of Exaggeration".
The UWM Women's Chorus sounded amazing in rehearsal today! Our concert is gonna be fab!
lol, do you remember the cartoon they made after that?
Award to Ranking Joe
Please... Do NOT zoned me out.
ALL PACKED! Whew! Now I want to sleep!
Ah, Spring. Time for whiskey. We have over 80 varieties. Have a different one every day, then start over. Barrel 44 1120 N. High St.
yes, the plans were different. If you have any further questions, please feel free to email me at emile(at)simplegeo(dot)com
Some of them have an "accomodates X people" with extra fees for extra persons.
Delicious Egg Nog and Peppermint Shakes!
Cenk Uygher is pretty good, not my favorite, but he's not bad for a liberal
Last chance to win tickets to see Real Estate on Friday at Neptune Theater. Retweet to enter. Drawing this afternoon.
American Media, Inc. Appoints David Perel to Executive Vice President of Digital Content
got shot next to my heart
text me(:
Headed to the gym. Looks like its all I do now!!
I hope u love the clarisonic too! I also bought polish today. And #secondguestofaweddingdress cc
whatever. At least I have my driver's license.
You were so young, You were just my age when you had me.
Shifman: We must name sexual exploitation as violence. Most of these girls' experiences constitute torture.
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has to get down to work. - Pearl S. Buck
i grabbed the last copy at the video store when i saw it! :) haha
Wavering between super excited and super nervous for
Im just a little too not over you.
Cookies and vodka with !
Just had a kickass photoshoot with photographer Wes Naman for the Local Iq. Look for us in a couple weeks!
. Just wait until wins the #Indy500 later this month. We all celebrate with
I love the Money Wheel!
I been swell man. I started school a couple of weeks ago so I been missing raw & forgetting to record it so I'm lost
Meaning it's all Favre, not Rice? RT if favre were wearing a cowoby uni today, dallas would be up at least two tds
Reading important tweets like "Hey ladies, we finally got the purse hooks installed at the bar!"
If you're interest submit your knitted wears in the Holiday gift show.
Good morning and we appreciate this tweet! Happy Friday RT : killin' Chipotle...seriously, gotta put you on
I may get blocked myself for doing this but ok i'll see what i can do :)
what about Tryst in Adams Morgan? Great place to snuggle with a hot chocolate!
Don't say a word, just come over and lie here with Me.
can u tell princeton from mb to follow me plz im a big fan plz do it for me
#raw10 saw an OG wearin n 2piece grn knit suit wit a FUBU shirt wit sum karate shoes. must be Bruce Lee-roy!
Oh no. If you can't beat them...you could always join them :)
…It's not about giving people what they want. That's marketing--and it's a big difference." -Chas Esche
one of my magazine contacts called me sweet today. I believe friendliness is a way to set yourself apart. :)
Thanks, we'll keep IAH in mind.
I am highly annoyed, in Orange County they are more tolerant than in
Hedonic gloss is a term I've been looking for my whole life. My brain is very bad.
oh yea I was out there yesterday
I'm so blessed (:
every friday it seems i tweet about #coffee. wonder why
When choosing a location for your #familyreunion, make sure the venue is void of traffic and parking nightmares!
good luck!
You should keep your hate focused on the real enemy, Zooooey.
Thanks for the RT help! :)
Serious lightning and thunder in Madison right now, but so far that's all. (Sidenote, my dog is NOT a fan)
Providing tax and accounting services to dentists is one of specialties!
woo thanks!! See ya there!:) hey text me so i have your number! I lost my contacts a little while ago.
u r very down to earth and humble
In the cave workin with my man
i dread back-to-school shopping, but it has to get done asap.
Y'all stay safe out there!
You wouldn't be the same Ashley I met while I was training Eric would you? This is Todd, the strength coach. Hope you are!
There is a gift in every experience. The only thing that gets in our way of seeing it is our perception.
I GOT MY IPOD SO SKYPE
Wow, you just gave me two fabulous resources for my classroom! Thanks!
you must have me confused with someone else. No recollection of that
ok one last thing... I introduced products one at a time... partly so I wouldn't become a product junkie! lol
hahahah he meaned before you play
"I hate this school" (x
sounds like Romney needs to have an open bar at his rallies
Well someone needed to go. Hatcher had been on the hot seat at times for years. Thx to him for his work for the Angels. JD is in charge now
This girl? No way. ;) Delayed gratitude tweet... :)
Thanks to everyone who helped make last night's MWA party for VENGEANCE such a success!
#Mymomisthebest I love her a lot:D she always speak the true
Happy 's Birthday!!! She's the most wonderful friend a girl could ask for... And smokin' hot to boot!
Looking forward to reading my students' Davis/Moynihan papers tomorrow. Last week's class was elevating. Hoping for the same tomorrow!
Nebraska Legislature overrides governor's veto on prenatal care for undocumented. AP
They should create an app that makes your cellphone go "ah" when you plug it in.
♀I start my workout 2morrow! It's been long over due♀
The wise don't expect to find life worth living;they make it that way
You hear, O LORD, the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry. Psalm 10:17
The shortest way between two points is the one that goes through the stars." - Jose Antonio, The Poetic Imperative
I hate to see my grandfather like this...... :,-(
"our cabinet is full of kisses" me to the roomie in reference to the abundance of Hershey's kisses in our cabinet....<3
hahaha! That's def what I meant! Wow I can not believe I didn't catch that myself!
CJ McCollum is thinking too much, League MVP, has 28 tonite, make your damn FREE THROWS!
it doesnt let me :(
Just got it last week :) RT : Do you have a lens flare license?
so I kinda calculate the time lol
Is it "Black" Friday because your wife makes you get up in the dark??
it's against the law in Massachusetts too. At least it says so on the displays over the interstate every so often.
PLAYIN CALL OF DUTY
starting OKPancake for me to find brunch dates
Missed opp for #p2 & #obama2012.... seems to be the most active political grp @ #sxsw w
RT : RT : "Quick, Everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the Most un-natural pose ever.*
casino? Let down at the game huh?
GM down south
wow, that was terrific! (and scary)
That's certainly very snazzy!
After four days of staring at my phone at nsta, I am finally sick of smartphones.
You like who you like.. right?
I gotta look at a car waiting on when he calls
piano tuner confirmed for 1pm Tuesday. Also, Louise may be able to get Erin at the airport, but need to firm up the deets
who was the first girl to run off the stage on maury that cause every single girl to do the same ?
unsafe for visiting fans in bloomington. Was a vile as it had ever been. No sense in risking injury to fans/players
omg you don't remember him??
USGS: Glut of quakes likely manmade, fracking possible cause
Skype, Rosemary2941. You should Skype me! I love your videos! (:
My Grandma Has Sold Avon Gor Over 27 Years She Asked Me Did I want To Continue It I Looked Like I was Crazy lol
YOU LOOK HOT
Listening to on kpft on SOS radio
“: Day 2 of #MastersPOV. Great previz talk. (It's good to be king.).”
RT : Tweet Up is Monday from 6-7pm. The online program says it's a ticketed event, but it's actually not.
Happy birthday Elvis!
Your church can still be hip without knowing Florence +the Machine! At least, I hope I'm still hip without knowing them!
If u r not here at Eden lounge, u r missing it! Fabulous is all I have to say. Rooftop rocking w DJ life!! Free til 10p
hahaha P Sherman, 42 wallaby way, Sydney 🐠🐟🐳🐬💙
Just over a week until my first trip to #Vegas!!! Please, flood me with food and entertainment suggestions...
Thanks for the pictures bro! ;) I put them on Facebook
aw I love you too <3
O'Rileys 8-11 pm! Chris Kohn and Big John gonna rock the house! See ya there :)
it is going to be a up and down with the weather this week here
will u please follow me
Bowers & Wilkins of course!
whats up everyone? got some songs in the works, along with a new logo soon!! :]
My sister and her girlfriend know how to light my day in preparation for my birthday. Hooters and avengers movie ^_^
I got a comment from someone saying that they just picked up some tank maxis a Dots so they're prob still there =D
Um, I don't know about that.... its hard to explain. Try finding some on youtube. :)
My dad does that when he's bored. He goes and he looks at houses, even though he's pretty sure we're not going anywhere.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
; Kony 2012 . Like if you know what it's about .
Smoking on the beach at night >>>>
He nothin but a stupid lil boy! He aint SHIT! These lil girls need to stop lien to him cuz all he is is a lame tryin to make it...
Having a sleepover with the bffs Kirsten and Ashley
New York! Do I miss this? Seems kinda crowded and hectic
ahh great timee at the graduation dance(:
just archived my entire gmail inbox for the first time in 5 years. I feel slightly empty, but refreshed.
Thanks for checking us out, we are checking out your tweets.
They said your purple hair and body suite is intentional bad taste on access hollywood LMAO
Did you run today too? It took us about 2hrs and 4 mins to finish. We were in the purple wave. :)
Merry Christmas!
I'm good...going to Vegas tom night! :) Any upcoming parade appearances? :) At least it feels like Cali so you won't freeze!
Well now, is anyone confused on the market's direction now. I have been telling clients to hedge and move to 80 percent short last week.
so what's the deal between us???? I mean I thought I was this sectors only protector but then I met you. What's the deal? LOL
School is for suckers
Wat a monday lets get it y wait till tha weekend im grown i chill everyday
Wow. 20 kids in a camp can take a lot out of you! TIRED... But, looking forward to seeing my daughter in a national dive meet in LA in am!
just means we have gotten 21 years older lol
Catching up on sleep, email, FB & Twiiter. Not at the same time obviously. Not yet catching up on laundry or house chores. Oh well :)
You cannot teach anybody anything. You can only help them discover it within themselves. - Galileo
hungry and mom is no where to be found
what's doing a fish?
Thank you, Julie! OxoA
Chad is such a meanie
Put a normal looking n7k log message into the Cisco error decoder, got nada. I think your NX-OS documentation is a little behind!
yeah that was the first time. I got like 3000 people on that one.
u are right! Such an easy thing to use, but we just don't do it EVERYTIME...I would think they would invent something even easier.
Sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. Sometimes it rains. Think about it!
I totally skimp on toilet paper. Melody all the way!
Are the white guys on the end of Texas' bench back-up players or back-up cheer leaders? They are unbelievably giddy in OT
Today:South Beach Food and Wine Festival!
Typing up my notes from #pla12. Wow, what a great conference! Lots of ideas to share.
NFL Banquet feels a little bit fancier because it's the same night as the
is it gonna be televised?? I'm so happy for coach Pop!!
& that show "the voice" was so annoying I'm glad it's over
tu go a doul? safe trip ! see u soon
I must have done something really horrible in a past life to be immune to the effects of caffeine. I'm talking Caligula horrible.
Impressed by Loyalty Dance Crew! To cut the music and stay in sync... Amazing!
Kinda getting sick of band names that reference violence towards women, however "punk" or "funny" it might seem to the members.
Good from afar, but far from good.
Just gotta keep trying...
Game set match!!!
I'll keep that in mind!
Kristen Stewart on Jay Leno ! Can't wait she is gonna look gorgeous(: lol
Dreamed last night that I accidentally bought a hot pink T-Mobile texting phone instead of an iPhone 4. Shiver
Amazing. This singer severely underestimates how long it will take me to get my Ph.D.
Is this real or fake? Make up your mine before everything is gone ! :)
Evernote (and a lot of other note apps) seem to really be a place to dump a million things you'll never look at again.
Harrison Ford did. Heck Wesley Snipes did too. Of course he couldn't escape IRS.
I'm in Houston
Visualize, think, and reflect!
#RedSox just can't live with success. 7-1 lead dwindles. Need to just blow out another team and move on, stop this losing streak/attitude!
"Let me remember that the unintended meaning that people project onto what I do is either my fault, or something I can take credit for."
Milwaukee Bucks 31 Washington Wizards 28 End Of 1st #bucks #wizards #nba (Via )
So tired, and really hungry
What's your favorite #beauty tip?
Where's for this party? She needs to come to !
And this is why i don't look up to you !
we're working on the Android, we'll enter you into the drawing
You suck.
In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm. #Quote Corrie ten Boom
This guy is wearing shape ups #springbreakbod haha
wish I could! but maybe I can join you in spirit later. thinking of making it a Netflix night ;)
Tonights show at #ScottsCityLimits was awesome!!:)) Thank you everybody who came out!!!
Of course without the spit up and tantrums, I hope. lol
I am a broken man
#somewhereintheghetto you can find a 2 year old in a diaper, standing under a lightpost on the corner, selling crack.
Happy Birthday to my mother! ily, even though you get on my nerves sometime !
looking for actors for upcoming paying projects. start following me for more details. Creative director hip how hang productions
Just back from meeting first guy in like at Best Buy in Gresham, OR. Mike O'Brien's been there since Monday for Black Friday deals!
where do they sell 8 bit ale?
O lord. At least now I will always see him getting stuck ;) that's what a bitch gets :-p
She kept boom box guy? Seriously?
Lowe's "Never Stop Improving" slogan is both a great perspective on life and a great money-maker for them.
Yay!! That's awesome--seriously, you and the kiddos will have so much fun. Keep my info and let me know when you swing by :-)
oh aight. You went to the hanger lol?
Well, I'm gonna brush my teeth.
lol you had your chance and you blew it .....
Realized that I haven't been tweeting lately, so sorry!
#36Days until the best album in the world will be released. The album that will make history and convert haters. I'M READY FOR
Glad i got to say hi to u guys, great job again! can't wait to see u guys in palm beach in a couple weeks.
I mean, I'll probably be inappropriate for the rest of my life so I suggest you get used to it now.
Fantastic Dinner Theatre! Congratulations to all the talented performers.
Thanks for stopping in! RT : Getting my hair did
Harassment is the silent killer of organizational excellence....what employer wouldn't want to eliminate that which keeps them from WINNING?
editing walls with
Frustrating when presenters don't talk about topics described in the program guide!
hahah I didn't come up with it, a girl let me have the name..so I just run that twitter now
Paper? What type of paper at this time of year? Scholarship paper? A paper for an internship opportunity? Nonetheless good luck!
awwh, "Turn to You" is simply beautiful<3 Your mom is one lucky lady. She has such a loving, appreciate son.<3 i love you!
just yell out BASED GOD
I might be too far away next year to even come home for easter :(
Yep, it's me. Tried to respond to the DM, but it didn't work.
God is Calling ...Do you hear HIM?
hmm...guess that sucks for that person. they're missing out.
We are looking for a high level person for the Boston area. Be glad to tell you more about Zooppa, are you available for a call?
Have a great time at
Call postponed until later. *turns music back up*
Lebron keep throwing little baby ass elbows at Granger LEBRON BE A FUCKING MAN hit him or SIT TF DOWN
I got my hood in this bxtch!
Speed is 7.2 up and 5.2 down. Battery life is 4 hours max; depending on how many are connected.
My "OVER YOU" playlist is in full effect. mother fucking fucker.
Looking forward to talking to the BC Social Media Council about communicating to students thru technology!
you would.
I just made some slappin-butt spaghetti. In yo face, ! Lol
Wow these weather men suck!! Its raining reLly?
I'm happy that will hug for me when I'm sick :)
welcome back.
still lasted longer than the Magic Hour MT : Magic/Bird bway show will have its last performance 5/12. It lasted 52 days.
Being single start to take its toll..??
SAD. Also, pretty much unnecessary. Flerf.
How's that bat coming around? saw you last yr in dayton. Hurry up and get to the big's. we need a speedy leadoff man
So, from our two amazingly sold out weekends, Comedy? raised 400 dollars for Operation Smile. Thank you to everyone who supported us!
I need to go out partying.
Great day at Augusta Nat'l! Got to meet Nancy Lopez-super nice woman. Wish I could go every year!
at South Miami Farmer's Market
DEM BOYS LOOKING GOOD BABY.....GO COWBOYS!!!!
When they said Ross was leaving 1st, you said "leave big stories for the pros"; now you give props? Which is it?
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Good Head
There goes my #Orioles :) lets get it early
im bored so im probably gonna do some sick ass makeup
Sorry your day was shitty on your bday
I suspect that the woman in the Abilify ads who talks to living bath robes and umbrellas has bigger psychological issues than depression.
Republicans just forced a $1,000 to $1,500 tax increase on middle class Americans. Just to protect millionaires. There is no spin to that
wow !! that's new pic>< sweet
First day of school went great! Met alot of great people :)
Now I'm going to be forever enslaved to your cat.
I just gave my tangled up earbuds a real stern talking to.
they gave you a BOX of gloves. Didnt know adidas shipped things like that lol.
Drywall repairs,texture matching at Mr.D's painting we can make your walls look new again.Check out our facebook link @ www.mrdspainting.com
Gallo said Gasol screen was a tough screen and he felt his throat click. Then it clicked back.
"I vote for meltdown" Martin Mull in Serial.One of my favorite silly movies.
Tonight we honor 20 powerful leaders in the #LGBT community!
Morning Thanks for following us at Newark Twinning. Proms at Palace Theatre news coming soon so keep 28th January free.
wow! He was creeping on you Kashe! Lmaoo
Official Facebook Page is up...are you a fan yet?
a museum should be a motor not a mortuary
What happened to the fan club - mail in some cash in return for a glossy photo and a bit of swag?
A rare getaway!
Longest half time ever. Come on Kansas!! Let's get this win!!
Thursday afternoon shout out << Go Follow my homie!!
um, hi! are you here?
so i got an iphone
Ahuntsic crash may be racing related
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x9
Everyday I'm on the grind NFL I will be back.
Is that #Thunder ball?
Or the Groucho. RT Merkel should replace the Euro with a new currency called the Tebow.
Grow bigger ears. Listen and learn.
No way!! Z - you were killing it Tuesday!! Maybe 'cross bikes on table tops isn't such a good idea.
not to shabby considering I passed out at 8.
What kind of stuff would you want to win?
*gets magic stick* poof!! You're breakfast
It's so great to put a face to your tweets!
#morningjamz: "Wolf Like Me" by TV on the Radio.
Watching E.T ♥
Unemployment is what
We may not have world economy in the fall, but at least we'll have football.
watching play sonic the hedgehog on genesis, in bed, with a drink and some carrot cake. not too shabby.
I was born to support and love I was born to be a belieber :) <3
Hi Ginger, did you get to see Frankie Moreno perform last night in Ravello? Yes! Frankie put on a fab show, always a great time ツ
RT : Mike McHale from Invesco and Greg Tennyson from Salesforce.com share great insights on the role of the CPO
Farmers market with food and cocktails at Browntrout
We Republicans love Mitt Romney because he pulls no punches in fighting the radical homosexual agenda.
Turns out I'm going to the Phillies season opener today. Thanks Raph!
nice choice! Enjoy!
Today was boring
Welcome friends, thx for following
Done trying to hang out with you anymore, if you wanna hang, okay but Im not asking anymore. #OverIt #Done !
NSU, I love it, I love it, I love it!! Spartan Spirit all the time!!!
R3 Program , Free PBX Business Phone System, HD Voice, Auto Attendant, Voicemail etc..., visit www.discountedt1s.com or call 512 873-0447
just finishing up a work trip in Berkeley. It'll be good to get home.
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever.
Old people can be really stupid and ignorant. Thanks for making life miserable.
word! we live in a country where we supposed to respect the authority of a screwed up government.
if I wait any longer to see you...I'll go crazy. This weeks gonna be hell :( Can't wait till Saturdayyyytt
Still here, missing another meeting. Hate when stuff runs over.
embargo bro
My throat hurts o:
I'm so sick of this damn spam!!!
Tell us did you fire your boss and hire yourself in 2011, if you haven't, we'll help you make the transition in 2012!
Why is there still no One Direction tab on your website?? Look how many followers they have, they need their own page!! :)
gave you some props on this morning. Agreed with him.
Im so not ready for today
no like the 50th time
#Brewers turning point in magical 2011 season? A 14th inning walk off win against Colorado in May with bullpen struggling.
RT : Half of people on Medicare live on less than $22k a year. - Tricia Newman, Kaiser Foundation
Our entire Hampton Roads area has been energized by your heartfelt message of encouragement.Thank you for the RT & your remarks
I now live within a mile of 8 bars, hope my mom doesn't get wind of that and try to move in
Infant mortality rates are 2.4 times higher for African Americans than Whites.
oh boy I cant wait to hear it!!! Ill call you shortly
Today was funn !:D but tommorow shuld be better cus im hitting the gym with the girls <3
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🎥
Not sure, I haven't seen the data
Let's go we gotta play defense here!!!!
my parents are stressing me out -____-
Scratch that. Its tomorrow. Whoops lol
Not yet ... you haven't signed it!! :)
OBSESSED WITH
the #devil: when you point your finger at me, remember that you're really pointing 3 fingers at yourself.
Thx God!!!RT : .. LUCKY ASS LAST MIN ASS CATCH.. ELI THRU THE HAIL MARY AND GOD ANSWERED HIS PRAYERS..
love her #greattalk (:
Exchanged my Leica CL with because of a defective meter, replacement arrived QUICK and in PERFECT shape. So happy!
LeBron James says the season won't be a failure if they don't win the title. Wow, that's pathetic.
Derek Stop it! I'm serious!
do you have a cut and color open late Thursday morning?
NP! Keep up the 'good' work!
It gets harder and harder ever moment of everyday. But your worth it because I love you
It's easy, basically u reblog (retweet) or post whatever you want. The ppl u follow show up on ur "dashboard"
Wrap this up: Buy a package of sugar cookie mix, rolling pin,mixing bowl, wooden spoon, sprinkles, frosting, & kitchen towel
Thank you, Jonathan Larson.
about time they made your twitters official.. Hope training is going well for you both!
Amazing to hear how hard worked to get to where she is today! Real dedication.
Okay, then, I reiterate. Would government relaxing restrictions on gay marriage increase or lessen individual liberty?
Had to go into town to buy a volleyball now going back :(
AvantGarb is headed to Orlando this week! We would love to visit!
Happy birthday Uncle Gary! I miss your laugh, your smile, and your voice. No matter how old I get...I will always be your little girl. R.I.P
All Looks Good But Thats Mad LED Poising Right Thier >,,<
If you only knew what i dealin with!!!
High five!
Love u NY GIANTS. God bless u all! We are praying for victory!
When a girl asks where u got you weave and you respond...Its best you snatch that shit out the same time...Cause tmr you'll have a twin
I will be right there.
Education must be a priority in the US and higher education cost must be monitored "it's an imperative"!
RT : Developing love and compassion and reducing anger and spite is a universal activity which requires no faith in any religion.
Ah-ha. Random, seemingly leftie person who has now for the 2nd time referred to the President as "Hussein" on my blog is a libertarian....
The Max trains have always freaked me out... Well the people on them...
Waddup w/all? Interested in a Movie?
RT #ITSMA-AC11 Marketing Excellence for "Marketing with Social Media" - Winners are: Hitachi Data Systems Gold & HP Diamond
I was just so into my workout that I hook punched myself in the jaw.
I'm loving this LHH relationship, LOL... It keeps me on my toes, LOL
That was special.
*shudder and nod* (I think #bloodymary plays a part in PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 3? Gah.)
"I'm not myself today. Maybe I'm you." --Saw on bumper stick this morning
I don't kno wy I'm so mad this morning I just wanna cry for some reason wtf is wrong wit me lol
good 4 u! Pls keep in mind that what works 4 one person doesn't mean it will work 4 ur hair too. Research n learn "your" hair!
Do we need access to personally identifiable records? Why not use sampling techniques or other methods that preserve privacy?
Yeah! Thanks.
Saw Paully D!
RT Fall for the "someone is saying nasty stuff about you" DM? Go Twitter settings >Apps and deauthorize any strange ones.
The new stills don't look UNLIKE them. Just no Beta Ray Bill, plz RT Latest Avengers rumor: Loki's army = Korbinites?
San Diego Social Media Symposium!
S/o to those that support me!!
I want chipotle or pizza
The Slap Shot is Chilling On Ice Tonight For A Big PayDay. Let's go Penguins
So keep the blood in your head. And keep your feet on the ground.
Porn stars have really weird twitter accounts.
CA governor vetoed $144,000 for Curriculum Commission to complete History/Social Science frameworks. $$ redirected to Common Core Standards
Watching Men In Black.
any good deals this weekend for the Big Game?!! We love Papa John's on
Ha! That's the response I expected.
Great night in Milwaukee. Props to the Premiums and the Up and Under Pub for having us. Brady street rules in the 'wauk.
lol, I do that! "Hey I love that song" Yeah cause someone is calling me and it's my ringtone
Sonny Moore is dope!
Tired, hungry, and ready for bed. but guess what... i have homework. two 2 page reports and a presentation. I hope Culinary school is easier
So what was my score yesterday? Take par, double that.....yeah, seems about right
Virginia #museum expert Walt Hayer advises that delegating, strategic planning, job standards will help staff do jobs better & keep sane.
Working 1-8pm today. Bummed that i missed the chat last night with Joe M on the Criminal Minds Fanatic site. Darn internet connection!
at my home
Serbia named to chair OSCE prior to anyone is prosecuted for war crimes for #Srebenica? OSCE mandate includes Human rights.
mine exploded on me 2 nights ago, and almost started my bed on fire.
I think Dropbox is my new fave.
I'm scared of spreading diseases. Just after this movie I saw, i'm washing my hands every once in a while.
While I was in NC I heard some great news! Congratulations!!!!!
its a shame! the death of #amywinehouse...drugs/alcohol is not a joke!
if it gets your panties all up in a bunch why don't you just unfollow me :)
You mean Judith Viorst?
Hour 2 of the show is underway! hanging around for 1 more segment to talk #NBA playoffs and more. Let's go!
word right
All I ask for is reason but ok
Bartlett Regional Hospital has named Lawrence G. Leet director of pharmacy, effective May 14.
Go #BrittanyZika I think they just found a diamond in the rough!
thanks for the follow
New to twitter, lovin it!! Totally major!
Erin Go Bragh! Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with MPTV and #Clannad. The legendary Irish family group perform at Christ Church. 9pm on Ch. 10.
yes yes.. but then we can!
Chopping onion for 4th of July fake-burgers! Got the French's mustard ready, too.
i know that also she said do u have a gf
Thanks Hey , look forward to starting a dialog.
Wow. My scout radar even works when I'm watching a game on TV.
RT : A laugh is a smile that bursts. ~Mary H. Waldrip
I'd hit that
oh I'm glad you guys weren't hip to that info! How's everything going? It's been a while!
“: I probably had my chance at love but knowing me I missed it”not really
Contextual.... ties into interesting events and pop culture.
i'm just not fangirl material, i've never lived in the realm of dating or "like liking" people, that's probably where fangirl manifests...
Huh? How is Nationals Park your home when you live like 5 miles from me? This is #Orioles country son!
It's great to hear a security expert promoting info sharing and open, "social collaborative" approaches
that's a lie
i better
So glad to have USSA! MT : DC bound with the staff. Amazing conference, excited about this new direction.
RT if you are a mahomie for live!
Its a beautiful day to get pierced or tattooed in Albuquerque! Come see us, we'll be here till 11pm
agree - Lil Rounds lost her mojo a while ago - too bad, she has a really good voice. I predict it will be Danny and Adam at end.
why can't i stop eating chocolate? this is so unlike me
Can't focus, HATE HOMEWORK.
New job taking off running....I love it.
Hello,everyone. Planning a meeting with this week.More details coming soon. ;)
We have to generate a national buzz that is going back to congress. Hlp me create that buzz. Plz RT and follow share FB
Help me grow my professional network on LinkedIn. I just joined LinkedIn and created my professional profile. Join my network.
Hottest guy with thick eyebrows on this bus. >>>
On brighter side, breakfast apparently included in hotel room fee.
I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it. - Marilyn Monroe
It's April in Miami and its like really cold outside, I just don't understand..
Watching 90210. Brenda: "What was that?" Brandon: "I don't know...Mexican Death Rock."
#smallfryarmy sorry I haven't tweeted! Let's talk xoxo tweet me! Rt
we started last year on my bday aug 30member. & I start the 1st.
haha *shrug* i've been a turtle lately kinda. going to Royce's any time soon?
It doesn't even matter? I'm baffled by immaturity, on both sides.
probably from lunch
Come say hi to us!
#Boycott cat food & products sold by who supports #rush #limbaugh HateRadio
It looks like google books makes more information available to Zotero than Amazon.
i didnt get a mised call. call me back hurry
im getting like freakin yelled at
I'm rolling...
Ouch Phil! Looked like somethin off Happy Gilmore!
What's the last #MadeInUSA purchase you made? Were you happy with it?
At Jefferson to cheer up my girl in the hospital
LOL. I wish, but I don't think he'd like me. Talk about a crazy screwed up P-Diddy/Ricky Williams deal!
RT Sec. Duncan’s dilemma: What happens to states that don’t get NCLB waiver?
So tired. Trying to have a catch up convo w Elsa but I'm fading. She's gonna get a 'tude if I rush her off this phone tho...
Pacers and Clippers today.
3 Gold #Addys for Yup—that happened. So proud of everyone & had a blast last night at the
Be proud of who you are
I want to send Welligton mail and have them send me something back.
You have got to be kidding me Capitals.
U'R PROLLY RIGHT..BUT I KNOW PURTY WHEN I SEE IT THOUGH..T/F/S...
First day at my new job. :D ah, lets c how this goes.
“: I make minimum wage because that's what I deserve.”
cooking soup with and #NOTWITTERDYLAN ! iron chef meets chopped.
few more minutes till
The time to do it is now, OPPORTUNITY is BANGING on your door, so OPEN IT UP!!!
Don't people get that it is bad form to speak at the top of your voice in a library? Apparently not.......
sadly. Lol On my way! ;) How was work?
Brewer, Pearce, Sheriff Joe - white supremacist that murdered 4, including a toddler in AZ today - these R the kind of people that LOVE YOU
yea, worked great
Anyone have a good place in Vegas to catch UFC 145?
Had an amazing weekend spending time with all my friends (online). Met some great new friends (online). Can't wait to see u all (online)
Last Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: Reset Motherboard on Dell Dimension 8400 due to power surge after storm in
~le never on this account~
Mothers define altruism. Thank you Mom! :) #Boston #GiveBack. Please Retweet! :)
thanks for the #FF!
A lover of dominatrix. Nice to meet you.
you don't know how your careless words affect me
Maybe high-hat of me tht it matters, but #ColumbusCircle was brilliant mr.
Doing some serious work for film and photography crew in Tampa Bay http:/
Maybe I'll pick mine up in North Ga....can't wait to go up there again! Too much pollen here, inhalers and Hepa's!
We love u too! RT I love you
fuck my dreams, they're fuckin exhausting!!! no rest for the weary...
nothing quite like hand rolled pasta with pig head ragu and tarragon to make a boy smile. come try it tonight
Catcher of the Future!
Congrats from your fans in Baltimore!
