I love my #Daddy:)
"so what I got a #yellow bitch"
Badmotorfinger mode is *ON* at today.
Watchin disturbia the beginning is good
Have fun and tell them hello
- ouch. But so true, sad to say.
It feels good to wake up and look forward to the day! Life is so much better when you enjoy your work.
i wanna take a iconiac to see titanic3D.
everyone who has ever contributed to Lucky Peach. Bye Bye.
I have spilled a cup of water and a cup of soda today, maybe I need a sippy cup
me and the other dude on the track haha my bad we always rap together
crazy ass! LOL
Hey , does the spit or swallow?
Awesome day making some connections and talking about the future!
Listening to Pink Friday: roman reloaded for the first time... Love it!
I thought you already had one (;
HA! You have no idea how much loves
thank you!
lol great comment!
I was not trying to shade Rih, I actually felt that WHYB was going to be bigger than WFL. Excuse me for liking the song.
Finals are a pain I've been getting prepared all day
congrats on your win! Please follor us so we may DM you with further information on your FREE bag of tea :)
More editing and more writing kind of day. A not thinking of results kind of day.
Today in 1966, Dr. Martin Luther King visited Miami.
40 minutes into THE KING's SPEECH and Colin Firth just went from zero to hero in my book!
Need your restaurant patio power washed? vegaspressurewashing.com
end of villain phase Zero down, Ra at 5, Fanatic down, Legacy down, Tachyon at 2, Citizen Dawn at 40.
the song i would pick would be jessie j price tag
<3 you're so sweet :)
Support of family or friends is a great help to keep you on track with weight loss.
I've seen people who think hope is a strategy & don't plan. He did a great job!
' Oomf just too good for the ppl , gets on my damn nerves!!
could be worse, but it'll still probably cost way more than it should. Glad you're ok.
Sometimes I feel like taking a trip down to homestead by myself just to drive... And think....
What *are* the books on the reading room shelves for?
CHRIS BROWN
I like the way you think!
Excited to check out for the first time this Sunday.
Its just another moment When one stupid reply can lead to the walk of shame Its just a drunk text This is the last time I ever drink & text
I prefer Ode To Joy, but I've been a little constipated lately, so.
"these grapes are squishy..i'm committing suicide"
Preparing for Hurricane Irene's fury... Philly area might not get the ocean issues, but we'll get the storm and floods... UGH... Here we go!
Thanks for RT on our contest!! Can't wait for Thursday! Vanity Insanity!!
Back in the lab with Daiyon who flew in from Chicago to record here in Denver I may be a small studio but quality I can guarantee.
same number?
fiddling on my iPod while waiting,where the fck are ya.
Lmao why am I not surprised, we think bout same things same times.
Our Resveratrol contains NO animal, fish, egg or dairy products. There’s no reason for vegans to steer clear.
yes sir! Are you jumping this weekend?
Earth hour people! What about #MM2011?
Anyone want to grab lunch on campus?!
Can't stop now =)
Building stronger walls this time.
Gearing up for the big Raw Deal Prod. Anniversary at Red Eyed Fly on Sat! We hit at 11:30 PM. Prepare for the Rockness!
Whoa!! I was literally just talking about that with my friend a half hour ago.
Swayze's dead, Jennifer Grey's like 90 years old, and they've 'remade' Dirty Dancing dozens of times since, anyway!
haha I got you soon homie just got some stuff to get out the way
Did you know that there is a real-estate specific mobile check-in app? Neybor.com/Footprints lets you check in to listings and neyborhoods!
Dressed right, for a beach fight.
“: RT me some good luck got my last final of the semester bright and early this morning” I hope you fail
gross dude
Lax ===>Chicago... can't wait... its been way too long ...
Mobile Apps for your biz or organization. Works with iPhone/Android, Blackberry & over 900 other handsets. Contact us today to get started!!
I'm going mountain bike rideing this weekend. Can anyone suggest a nice trail in the ABQ area?
Bedtime! Got my exit interview tomorrow for graduation 👏🎉🎓
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
RT : 500 FANS ON TWITTER! WE DID IT! Congratulations!
Where at kiddo?
These cats are shit/puke machines.
Only 179 more days until the 2012 Maritime Ghost Conference... but who's counting?
Restaurant Week Now thru September 3rd. Come feast on Kat Smith's amazing dishes!
RT : RT : The #Packers have FOUR touchdown drives of 75+ yards tonight. Three of 80+ yards.
I did not just set my eyes on 10,000 dollar shoes....
Now I'm just waiting to see how long it takes him to notice my tweet ...... oh, now he's noticed! ;)
Duh. I reread my post and saw you could tke it taht way. Sorry not to see you in London...
my number one favorite from young and the restless
Happy #leap day! isnt that so #interesting! PS stop changing your handle.
Will there be a consumer social network for #SmartGrid enthusiasts? People are building it, will consumers adopt?
Come on new york, we're about to release the exact location of the prize...
Finally ate today
Took a header off a ramp. Will quite possibly have a black eye. It was so much fun. To quote Tony Wilson: I'll definitely be doing it again.
Any #APteachers or #teachers in general know where I can find the College Board's statistics for what age of students take different tests?
#TheStatusLounge at Saturday 6/2 3p-8p sounds by l 2 VIP cigar rooms l Food specials l complimentary
I'm not a bad person
My mom and me been through some struggles since my mom and dad seprated that I don't want my kids to go through that .
RT : Many people don't set goals because they can't actually see themselves attaining them.
Yo I'm TOO tired ):
Thank you for the retweet, sad to hear of Murice Sendak's passing, -Mark
or for customer identification and authorization in high security systems. Example: 23N7 (General Motors)
There just isn't enough tar and feathering going in these days.
yep- it&#39;s listed as a chat site so the filter got it. If I fill out a form and make a good case I may get it unblocked.
louis cagami. follow me.
My mother is starting a road trip, I meant to text her "drive safe" and accidentally sent "drive sad".
thanks so much for your help today, it came in handy, but then the conference wifi crapped out on us.
Happening now: Packed for the game. If u r off tomorrow stop by tonight for food, fun and the best staff!!
and there was a roll call and the bots crashed the party
We rockin this Monday morning!
I did not receive an invite.
Watching Friends With Benifits :D
I feel like #kevinmitchell 's number 7 should not be worn by the likes of Gregor Blanco...
I think today I will drown my sorrows in some goat curry from savoy. It's the halal thing to do.
Hendrick Motorsports joins Petty Enterprises as the only teams with at least 200 wins. Petty Enterprises has 268 total wins.
Juniors: Labyrinth – Anniversary
I swear when Josh Smith bring the ball from one end to the other, my heart stops. Smh
Why don't we play something these hoes will like?
please call 311 - thanks
Dani, do YOU assume a man is gay if he eats one of those items listed?
Homemade Pizza for dinner? #IThinkSo ;)
Wow! Editing your promo for Friday night story. Scary stuff. More to come.
hey , why did get all weird? And where is my diploma from Viral Video Film School?
undisclosed location. check your email.
Diablo I is now available for preorder... You can put it on your V Card.
Up late listening 2 Bringing me back to great times. Can't wait to hear and Schematic!
"There's nothing, but NOTHING in this WORLD, stupider than a LIBERAL" - 17th Century Naturalist.
good job.... fight for your own happiness. You earned it !
he's so stupid but I guess he's getting it in and that's all that matters, she's probably a beast in bed too hahaha
CMON MAN!! “: Touchdown Chargers. It took just 4 minutes, 22 seconds. Malcom Floyd is about to put Chargers up, 24-7”
Hey u watch Falling Skies?
Thanks to Endeca for the chance to talk SEO to your NYC user group last week!
Thank you! We're glad you like it!
Tell us somthing good about
gym at the moment
Agreed! I missed you this week BFF!!!!!!
perhaps it's just that dry sense of humor? (ba du pah)
wow. I don't even know what to say! makes our lives seem so easy! bless her!!!
Friday! We made it to the end of the week! Treat yourself to some tasty toffee! Dark Chocolate Sea Salt, Chocolate Peanut Butter, anyone?
(Mr. Brown voice) Bar! Shut your mouth! lol
AWWHHH HOW SWEET!!!! Lezzbehonest, we all know this is about, your truly! Hhaha :)
It's very dismissive, as though your point couldn't possibly be valid. It's insulting.
Sometimes when I am drinking at the airport bar I forget to add my pics to my tweets ; ) OOOPSIE! XO J
can i be a mod or a on your beta
there's not one day i cant spend in guitar class without laughing.
That 16-month-old Las Cruces girl had been left in the yard with just the dog—something someone will always remember, that will always hurt.
Love your Avatar!
alright but just wanted to let you know I miss your crazy ass x)
I'm going to stand on water not float or sink, just stand and play the holy keytar!
That awkward moment when you trip infront of the guy you like.
Can anyone recommend a good food processor? Needs 2 slice, shred, mince, & whip. Variable slicing thickness would be nice.
can you tell me when you will be in Joliet again? I'm dying to meet you, you are my inspiration! Xoxo
Season 5 episode 24 of desperate housewives yay ending<3 & amazing episode.
please prove to me and everyone you read your mentions x
sitting in the Atlanta airport waiting to go to Philly on a delayed 2hr flight.
Playing at the High Dive in Fremont tonight. 8:30.
I wont be able to see justins video premiere tonight. 
maybe I'll come back once in awhile to pay them (and you) a visit. ;)
Come to Portland!
the pentagon city location on fern st
Power/control over another human being is biggest illusion of all
Crazy the iPhone now has an app that scans ur face & indicates ugliness by submitting u a score...
As more sites offload eyeballs to APIs and apps, their at-domain redesigns become increasingly irrelevant.
Finally leaving and shit
Just another day in paradise.
In 1983 a single parent and 2 children received 63 percent of what they required for basic needs. Today, 27 percent is covered.
2 Mtg. weekend. Look for us at #OAH2012 American History Association and #SAA2012 Society for American Archaeology. Maybe you'll win a book.
gravity, fairytale, one sweet love, and a fun cover would be nice :) See you Saturday!
Looking to buy tickets for Coachella weekend 3. Anyone selling?
tacobell for dinner.
I wish I knew how to dance like these beautiful people here. Make your way down to Embargo in Ft Worth. No Cover charge all night!
"Praying For Him" The Hell Happened To You?
I wanna go to Italy!
Well then maybe he's worth it lol“: lol he will work a count.”
CB Merrill, the one-time Badger out of Cleveland Glenville (tr. to Ill. St. like so many ex-Badgers). Nice to see.
You can't love nobody until you love you so when you do love somebody you know what to do
said that her team is going to take home the championship this Winter season! Who is going to challenge her?
Boxing is not a hugging sport but of course people are gonna find a reason to hate on Money Mayweather. Get with it people.
Nothing like falling asleep to a thunderstorm... Maybe this will cure my insomnia? Let's hope so. ☔
What If I Need To Access My Stored Items? We are able to provide you complete access of all your stored items. We request a 24 hour notice
I hope it doesn't come to that. Same goes for your school's awesome newspaper!
": Lmao!! I definitely have to agree with that."*is that true lol*
it takes a special kind of person to be a publicist - - - i really don't have the stomach for it...
first tweet in months. guess that's what being locked away in a basement will do!
I'll let you off bro
Thank you so much, Logan! I am so excited. And you're internship will be awesome too!!! So proud of YOU!!!
Pressure has been turned up because I'm close to my victory!
Time to workout, feed the kids & get this day going. #occupygym #scriptchat #writing #screenwriting TVWriterchat
uhoh, you're about to get a knock on your door from Kojima demanding money
75% of the Country says #pop not #soda #justsayin lol
really??? Wow!
Sounds good Patti, the weather is looking good as well; was a little worried earlier in the week!
Great meeting with Matti McCormick of Indy's The McCormick Group. Inspired by all the on-the-ball women businesses owners I get to meet.
poem accepted for a Polish-American anthology. Finally, this Polish thing is paying off in more than good looks.
Ugh tomorrows school well at least we start in the middle of the week(:
hahahaha. i knew that ;)
Drunk dialing mom. Its mothers day right?!
And no NL team is even over .280 as a team!
To this day, I have to ask people to date what they are doing. Sam.
So fucking hot in my room.
": Bitch, you're just like Monday, nobody likes you."
: It isn't too late!!! Join #RelayForLife and sign up at the field tonight!!! Doors open at 6:30 pm on Harbin Field.
I'm so sorry, Morgan. I was looking forward to visiting. Love,
I want to call her jane!
It's not over until the clock runs out...Go San Diego Chargers!
I SPENT MANY NIGHTS DOWNTOWN PHILLY BUT I DO LIKE THE BURBS LIFE NOW.NEVER FORGET MY CITY ROOTS
When people tell me I look just like my mama.>>> 😊😊😊
If you have an event or promoting something & need me to send out a tweet 4 u. Let me help, send me an email
RT : "You are the absolute pulse of what TV is not..." --
I hate morning radio....
For a chance to win 2 tix to the First Round of the #NFLDraft RETWEET this & follow by NOON!
Watching my favorite movie of all time
Shawty wanna ride with me.. :)
I wish there was a second leaf pick up day in Rochester for slackers - will need a million bags for this.
I thought today was the final.
Good Evening:)
Wait no, poopeeing.
I'm always on so you can catch me
My Newest track will be released TONIGHT!
I do love me some surprises! Thx babe.
Great camera work
The wind is blowing hard at Wrigley. Get ready for some long balls!
Friendship w/ the angels is similar to other friendships. Listen, communicate your needs and take thoughtful action. Gratitude always helps.
+ mary anne doane deliver a quite awesome panel: theory not dead at
I like zippers… Just don't chip your tooth on one.
good test tonite in h town
"Once you have direction, it is essential to take action and do all the things necessary to make your plan a reality." Michael Podolny - S…
Fighting my temptation to spend money right now.
IT WONT LET ME FOLLOW ANYONE ELSE!!!!!!
no I didn't I just pretty much hung out in thornton the whole time
Thanks Jenn!! Right back at ya!! :)
Did you get the DM I sent you? :)
See you at 6, yo. Just walk outside and follow the sound of and you'll find in no time.
thanks for following
Actually in a pretty good mood for a monday
S/o she the shit
I am always in the right place at the right time. Today, I am exactly where I need to be in my life and my career. Nothing is missing.
um Idk...that's never happened to me.
RT oh yeaaahh(: #fail lol (: I remember when I went to the wrong class and & Priscilla where all making fun of me ..
no way ? Wow she bein bougish for that! Like she accepts things she did wrong and u forgave her ! She should forgive u ! :/
In the lab with Crypts. Scary beauty.
great seeing you today!
Make Monday memorable.
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
the hunger game rocked <3
Man, I wish I could get frequent flier miles for emailing and using FaceTime™.
Oh never mind its in May ...
Alex's tweet is going to be the saddest out of all of them.
i love your family!
Fake bitch
You still gonna go to Orhs ?
is realizing after all this time the corperate life may not be for her.
#whatitis im not living a good life but i make the best of it so i love my lil life i have going on
I believe your rite
The third does have more weight, but Katniss was rather out of character for much of the start-to-middle, to my perception.
"Don't get married for 'Better or Worse' Get Married for 'Better and Better'..... 'Dare to Win' (Book')
He's in Greece with all of Dickie's money.
"Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose." "I wish, it's a nickel."
O she just "K." you then called you a ratchet ass bitch who streaks. FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
we agree! Mr. pointed out the parody nature of our account on our very 1st day! Observant like a reporter should be.
I hate drama, good day with my two babies and then their Daddy has too start shit....That's why you aren't in my life mf!!!!!
IT'S ALL GOOD BABY, TIME 2 RE-GROUP, GET HEALTHY & COME BK STRONG 4 NEXT SEASON.
corn dog!!
I managed to get fun dip all over me today. Still finding it
Excited that my original song "Lost" received an honorable mention award from West Coast Songwriters International Song Contest 2012
are u down here?
So.... all the derby horses who don't win are destined for jerky and glue, am I right? I didn't see seabiscuit, so just assuming.
These allergies are really kicking my butt ;(
We are pounding the table on stocks here, with the DOW now down to 11,200. Buy quality stocks now! We are buying call options on MOS, CF,…
If you're local to NOLA you should check out French Quarter Fest and come back in May for the Birdfoot Festival --good stuff!
Thanks for meeting! Looking forward to partnering.
Morning... Why must you come so early?
RT : "looks aren't everything" says the tan fucker with a 20 pac and brute chest. Theres a special place in hell for you.
Celebrating the year that was with a trip to the DMV. Don't be jealous.
The celebrities ruin the dorky joy.
A BIG THANK YOU to Forrest Roan for becoming a Sponsor for our 2012 Fight for Air Climbight For Air Climb on May 19th.
Kelly Peloza talks about newly published book The Vegan Cookie Connoisseur which was released this month. www.cbrdb.com
Putting together DVDs for the last two
*fingers crossed*
Nobody Perfect...
I'm down!
Good morning! I'm at the Ladies Day Out Expo TODAY at the Odeum Expo Center in Villa Park. 1033 N. Villa Ave I'll be here from 10-6!
My phone dry A'F doe
please follow ? please please please <21?
Who knew willy wonka could be so condescending?
I never really used the sharing w/in GReader features. More about RSS aggregation, accessible anywhere I am.
Great interview w/ tonight. Thanks guys, You tweet like a 13 year old girl
RT RT : Every time you don't put an apostrophe in Hallowe'en, a zombie kitten dies again
project seems an attempt to impose peer review (by librarians) on web info so will teachers use it?
no problem! #Haiti holds a special place in my heart. Good luck and thank you for remembering What's gone on there.
This was my favorite glee episode yet! Arties dive into the pool? amazing.
Thanks for the follow, guys. I followed back. Are you guys playing on the Adrenaline Mob show in Pittsburgh?
I sure would RT : and you stating that you wouldn't trash talk the Vikes right now - Sure.
Happy Friday Damon, thanks! RT :
Welcome! Our new night breaking news reporter. MT Changed my handle to reflect that as of today, I'm working for
Treat History like a trusted Advisor.
thank u
I left Crytek almost a year after we were finished with Crysis 2 for a new job in NYC. I have no idea what updates are planned:D
Spoiler alert #WhiteCollar posts. Just got in from a birthday binge and not ready to cuddle up with Tivo.
Off to Golden Gate park for a company picnic. Hello taco truck!
Dang. Well thats a bummer.
Nice. Sounds tasty. I got some porter, of the robust variety, going right now.
Why do men chase, catch, release? lol
Help is requested
BELLAS GOT FIRED :(
I want to repeat the American Red Cross call to women doing private luxury nursing to join the Armed Forces. [1944]
Not as much as we love you!
Do they have a weight room for bball players at #unc? Soft, soft, soft.
#STAY STRONG!
well he says he'll leave in 2min but I doubt it'll be that quick
I love you Mom!
just surprised me with a room at the Oread tonight heeeeellll ya best bday ever already love ya bitch
Btw...I wanted to put you in contact with my good friend, , director of multicultural center at Whittier college, CA
Sloppy challenge. Can't dispute the yellow.
Gross and cloudy Monday. I have a feeling I'll be slightly grumpy today.
Thunder up!
That's super exciting. Good luck!
Right back atcha, darlin! Just read your relocation blog post -LOVE!! I want to see you keep your blog up! We'll def KIT! :D
Lets discuss at happy hour tomorrow
Today's guest is John Patterson, expert in helping organizations effectively deliver great customer experiences and driving results!
sure we can do a collaboration! Can u msg me with your info?
Give me an Effin' Break! Verlander whining 'bush league' because Aybar bunted? Sorry Verlander, make the play and quit crying.
Melky and Pablo
Happy New Year from all of us at Castle Group! We love you all and hope to have another great year! Stay tuned for 2012 we have big plans!
i am like so freaking scared
Some brie & pesto fries would literally change my entire life around right now =(
Aw man. Elias is bleeding al over the place. Ouch
Hello Friday. Glad you finally got here.
The K-train!
Organize Your Photos Like a Professional! Your site will look just beautiful!
hahaha, something to look forward to!
If you are wrong, then accept your mistake quickly
If your gonna make a status about someone at least make sure you don't do it either...
start saving!!!
follow me :)
lolz I didn't know that was a saying
uh huh, uh huh, i feel yu
#themostcommonlies how my hair look good
Game Of Thrones: Rose Leslie On Joining The Series &amp; Playing Ygritte
Sniff it.
Thanks in advance for Chairing the Special Lost TweetUp Paddle Task Force w/ & me as members!
My parents like don't understand that I'm a teenager and I use my laptop. Like EVERY OTHER FREAKING TEENAGER. UGH
Im watching "hello dolly" - striesand, matthau , frank spencer - what's not to like ?
I have no idea how to do this
I'm disappointed my iPhone did not understand I meant 7 am when I set alarm for 7 pm last night...
SHOUTOUT TO TAYLOR! SHE IS REALLY COOL AND PRETTY!! FOLLOW HER IF U WANT FOLLOWERS!
thanks man
CRY ANDY CARROLL, CRY. MWAHAHAH.
I left this boring computer class just to come to the library to get on the computer #smdh lmao
Running with wolves and I'm on the prowl
That must be why our UPS's blipped.
haha I was startin to think the same thing.. Speaking of drunk we gotta hit the bars soon!
can anybody really be afraid of Irv Gotti
Between my iPhone sucking and my Macbook not cooperating, I have a feeling I will be at Best Buy before the weekend is over :(
tell me you did that....
"young at heart" <3 best song ever
Sorry Bro , Acting Like A Dick Doesn't Make Yours Any Bigger . #BeAGentlemen .
Reddick says "fuck you" to Diaz and the Rangers with a homer.
Attention New Customers!!! Receive $10 OFF your first Full Service Oil Change when you follow
VAN lesser of two evils.
Listening to music Lala at work & crying inside that it's soon to be taken from me. Even if Apple brings iTunes to the cloud there's DRM BS.
hahaha! love it!
"Hardest of all is to practice the Way at home, second in the crowd, and third in the pagoda." - Vietnamese folk song.
Almost 50K words for Skin Deep? Hoorah!
I bet skype comes in handy RT : That "I will run to you" video kind of applies to my fiance and I.
words 2 live by!!
The Bachelor's girl talk episode is slowly killing my brain cells..but sadly i like it...WHY
understand. No more from me on the topic.
Your twitter acct is hacked dude. Also are u coming over
after seeing my cousins son dance, my mother in law said "do they have a pole in their house?"
Painting at mom's house today. #90210 rerun on the TV. Good! But it's a Ray Pruit (with one T) episode. Ugh.
Someone hijacked - Don't click anything, its a trap!
HOLLA!!! Welcome to twitter you twatter!!!!
1/2 price bottle night! Drop by today and try any of our reserve bottles for half the price. Summer is here to stay, so drink away #whynot?
's in the Night sounded great ABC's superbowl ad for "Awake"
do you know if there will be one kit for everyone to use or should we bring our own?
you should always be ready. ;-) yours look good though. They should last at least another month.
Have you discovered Screen Import on the Edit Menu? You CAN import easily from other sites...
In Omeka session
You'll never be happy pretending to be what others want you to be (on Twitter or off).
ugh fuck man ;
You saw that eh, Yes I honestly would if I had the chance, but I want to focus on my Charity Foundation.
Got my nails done. Ah feels good to be a girl! So relaxing.
I may or may not be working from home while wearing my shark hoodie....
when are we gonna hang out come black friday shopping wid me <3
Morning, Twitter! My last day in Hilton Head, boo hoo. Happily tomorrow is another vacation day before I head back to work on Friday.
Cant count on nobody.. Swear I'm in my own little world!
": The U.S. is a trillion dollars in debt so if they aint paying they bills I'm not either. It's the american way 👍" ha I wish
Time to enjoy these last few moments of FUNEMPLOYMENT
": play at 2:30pm on Friday? Looks like a long lunch Friday at is in order. What say you, ?"
People think the rules apply to everybody but them.
well good luck to both of yall
Excited to be speaking tonight at the Dallas County Young Democrats! 6:30pm at Zubar, 2012 Greenville Ave in Dallas. Hope to see you there!
Attn all crafter who love animals and want to help over populated resuces and Orgs. visit www.creativeanimalrelief.org
Mine too :(
yeah fenn tower. I think its cheaper off campus but you can't use student loans off campus and I didn't have the money for an apt
Live free, die hard
Garcia draws a 2-out walk.
i haven't had the urge until i seen her tonight and she said what she said #who lol
Yeah, Angelina Jolie is frighteningly skinny, but she carries all of her weight in her lips....
Next Wednesday?!?!?? U gotta be shittin me!
Happy Monday! What is everyone up to?
After watching a music artist on the Ellen show I start to like and become obsessed with that artist.
Sounds good to me
we need you to fight Anderson next cause you would have make it exciting I hope Dana gives us fans what we want
Just completed my brother's college graduation present: his resume.
mitus and this other dude ra shawn
good look nigga where you been lol
How come the time of day with the slowest traffic is called RUSH HOUR??
Once again, Rebecca Black, you cloud my thoughts this morning with your incessant singing.
if that comment was a reference to me,... Your welcome, muah!
seeing you both as well as baby Bodhi made my day! Food was aces too, but just time to catch up-the best!
Yep! New series (Project Paper Doll) starts with THE RULES in May or June next year! :)
In a few mins will be here for the Yards Saison Pint nite! $5 gets you the beer and the glass! Our new spring menu is here too!
It a tounament at rio rancho high, gyms from all states .. grapple mma style , look on web grapplfest 2012
I hope it's a sunny day!
Watkins, Hopkins, Ellington, Allen and Boyd.. Pretty tough
Oh. Hello Um. I really really like you.
that you destroyed 
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Turkey Club on a baguette with a cup of soup.....$6.95
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER.
He can fit a square peg in a round hole ... Stay thirsty my friends.
ACLS Fellows Speak on Emerging Themes and Methods of Humanities Research #ACLS2012 (1/4)
RT Global Entrepreneurship Week starts tomorrow! bit.ly/vnT7Q3
If the Cherry trees are blossoming then the Salmon are running in the Willamette...get your fish on! Lots of boats out there...
I will be on with in the morning. Tune in @ 8am www.kpfa.org 94.1FM
Haven't heard that one--that is awesomely terrible. Is it in some sort of TV context?
A study from Penton Media shows that 49% of respondents were worried about the economy down from 78% in 2009.
I fucking LOVE how Bring Me The Horizon makes me happy
#sfgiants 7th inning is party time
I'd like to give a shoutout to ! :)
“: Alright time for Justin Roberts to deep throat Cena dick...”lol
Less than 2 hrs left! Wanna join Zipcar today? We're giving $75 driving credit to today's sign-ups! DM us for details
My hands hurt soo bad!!=((
Family picnic today! :)
Overjoyed that liked the drawing I did for him!!! He is just the best!!!
Hope all my friends & Family are safe in NC. Heard about the hail storm. Stay safe!!! XOXO
because you analyze things (I.e. the game of baseball) in a manner that reminds me of myself. Just sayin.
ahaha, that was funny :P
Aw, thanks sweetie!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. Dutch Proverb
omg i love u!! im going to meet u on sat.(:
It's hard to truly enjoy something when the clock is constantly reminding you it's going to end soon.
Its gonna be HOT today! Mention twitter or facebook and get $1.00 off ANY frozen drink today!
LA/PHX/NSH/WSH have never won Cup, PHI not since '75, NYR since '94, and NJD was worst team in league last year, looking for PHI/LA Final...
FREE: Join us at Legacy Church on Friday, April 13 at 6:00 pm as KKIM celebrates 40 Years of Service! Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smoth
I seriously thought she was going to stab somebody ._.
AP Mobile SXSW Interactive Booth Drives Massive Foot and Web Traffic
This year’s Super Bowl could mark the true arrival of social TV — or show just how far it needs to go before becoming a reality.
WAS being the operative word here. What a piece of trash. Fits in nicely with former IU coaches.
RT : We are having too much fun on the show!
hahahaha I know everytime I see that he puts up pictures most of the stuff he wears is for us (: yay lol
Thanks ! It's a great article from We're proud of Chad!
Stefan Demos with 32-yard field goal with no time remaining gives 26-26 tie against Pittsburgh Power at the half.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 13
Well at least I feel good about the exam I just took.
The answer to our previous tweet: 30,000 eggs!
Crazy how after all this time when the lights go out and the sounds grow quiet you still creep into my mind and dreams... #what undertone
oh my goodness!! Katie showed me his audition a while ago and oh my geez so freaking cute! Why am I not mystery girl?!
Lolol is it sad that I often have to validate happiness with "I'm not even drunk!" too??
I would like candidates to make more specific action promises like this one. Going on the record.
I blame you 😷💗👊 but yes, I am quite ill. So ill that I watched the Martha Stewart Show without complaining about it.
WHERE THE UNDISCOVERED TALENT AT?! Ppl get at me and tell me where they are cause i wanna find 'em.
Tired of ear phones failing me everytime
I hope you and can stop in for a mimosa on Thanksgiving around 11. Take care.
but you can take the new stuff out of the bowl?"
aww you're so sweet :)
I couldn't have said it better myself.
It still amazes me to see tens of people in public suddenly stop, look up to the sky with a smile and say "wow!" when the sun appears. Nice!
We got a mouse in the house!
so did McGhee and you loved him temporarily
Jersey trains packed with fans. Heading to
Quick Fact: The Fleetwood Mac song, "Oh Well", does in fact contain the lyric "Oh well". Several times. #mind=blown
Dan Pasqua, a personal favorite of mine.
Lots of performances coming up in December. Stay tuned.
lol Canadian for garbage disposal
Anyone online???
ok I'm a call you in a minute
Created a Chris Hass cons group. Now a full list send.
And another loss to #BU RT This game is out of hand ~ #BC is just too strong. Looks like another #Beanpot final for the Eagles.
We still have units left in both FloCo Fusion and Historic Florence Court! Call before they're gone 612-703-RENT
Thanks for sharing! RT : RT : Interviews CEO & Chandan Board Member Bill Hoffman...
Vanessa Whitmire, welcome to the team! Great to have you to the home office today!
if you go viral and your server crashes, you've wasted your time. hosting is imperative.
Working out and laying out in the sun makes me happy! What is everybody up to today?
TO Clarify: We are looking for people who already have a bodymedia fit and would like us to waterproof it for FREE! We will guarantee it
I wonder what people think the income of the 1% are?
Nice work! RT : need to make goal today!
there's gotta be some way outta here.....said the joker to the thief
Time to bed. Sweet dream for coding.
...Also, Ibanez not bad for a 39/40 year old...(they couldnt decide on PG)...LOL!..Wish he didnt "chew" though...
Happy 75th Birthday to the Golden Gate Bridge!
lmao that was the funniest but as actual beef, Pippen and Ewing was great
nice wine. Lees work? Tasting side by side with ELV Bourgogne
The American dream can become your worst nightmare if you strive to achieve it. Seek first the kingdom of God and everything else will .....
I like how my hair looks right now,
How big his feet are.
Almost there and flying first class home!!
Most marketers and agencies don’t focus enough on the principal method a brand is presented to the marketplace…via the company’s employees.
Hey I want to DM u my contact info
It's not denial. I'm just very selective about the reality I accept.
holy fuck, i'm the most jealous person ever.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 65
Not as much as 70% but I did sth similar. Trick is 'gradually & not openly' no one noticed either
Shoulda thought of that!!
everyday i wake up got bunch of different haters tryna get this paper....
oh chess hehe
Needs more ctb and pixel, but yes MT: St. Patty's is so much like Slope Day it makes my heart happy. Am I right, ?
I'm very down to earth.
#apple get down with flash will ya!
There Is No Limit
Started eating #paleo yesterday. Im suffering from #sugar and # carb withdraw. When will the headache and sugar cravings end?
Had a great time at my class. Yay! feel Blessed
Q: Shouldn't universities re-look at how they fund their university presses?
yeah, Raelert's coming for Crowie. Will Chrissie make up all that time???
Love Mint, thanks for the heads up on this Pat...
- sorry, working tonight
I wish I'd grabbed my geocities before they wiped it!
yeah gurl! so great to hang with you. enjoy the road trip; glad you'll be bringing a little bit of SX on the road.
Well done , great establishment and exceptional beers. We will be back!
Have you seen any #WILDPITCHOFFENSE shirts? No? Well it's your fault for not buying one.
Lots of calls about a BOOM. It was a sonic boom. White Sands Missile Range says it was a mission near ABQ in support of the Navy.
So nice to be back at the gym. Next goals: rockin' abs and a pull up
Tina Fey and Wyatt Earp should do a movie together where she protests mustache rides in a small town.Guess what he does?
Russian history is leaking out of my head. If I sneeze, serfdom will get all over everything.
Thanks to Sen Boxer for advocating reauthorization of #VAWA with provisions to protect ALL women, not just some.
DM Not sure what your interest is but looks like this one is going to swamp us. Considering selling. DM if we should talk.
So #annoyed nothing to eat in my house but eggs can my father go to publix like now 😡
“Life is not about discovering our talents; it is about pushing our talents to the limit and discovering our genius.” - Robert Brault
A MN family is asking for prayers for their 3rd son as they mourn the loss of two other boys in a boating accident. More details on Fox @ 9
Trying to get to follow me is kind of a joke but kind of serious & it's all Dadaism in real life
When you're in a bad mood and that special someone puts a smile on your face!
I wish I was a super hero <3
Sounds Good!
take me! Lol
no babe just a quickie, going back on the 26th!actually looking forward to the warm weather!
Know any great sites to post infographics?
I'm still mad at the way those games went earlier today. QPR is on my eternal shitlist now alongside Chelsea just by default.
shower time !
In other news, I get to leave early today! I hope the snowstorm doesn't hit before I have a chance to go stock up at Fred Meyer...
RT : She wants a lover that respects, appreciates, and desires her and make passionate love to her.
our bullpen isn't as strong as we thought it was
Need an Apple expert click here now!! www.appletekguru.com
Bubble baths and Back rubs >>>
I miss my baby <3
Good thing he didn't just sign a monster contract. Oh wait........
Thanks for your support! We appreciate it. Have a great day!
What first got you interested in sports #physical #therapy?
Or how about Austin, Tx? Where is the cheap flight to London from Manchester, NH?
hey girl!! Where have u been? How r u?
Locke vs. jack
Ur da best. Just saw this. Slacking on my "tweet game", been working on my "creep game". S/O to and
Come meet us at the AFP Expo! Jossey-Bass authors will be speaking Sunday, Monday and Tuesday! More details to come
The HCG Diet tricks the body into burning the excess fat, leaving behind the necessary that your body really needs.
NO I AM! And now let's screw this shit! lol :'D
I should of stayed home an cooked like da basedgod
I'll be saying "shiiiiiiiieeeeet" often as I inevitably mess up time and time again
Good lord, the Bucks beat the Heat or did I take too many Nyquil's?
Our long awaited debut album is going to be available soon!
When you limit your dreams to what you *think you can do*, you miss out on all you're really capable of doing. — -()
The Alliance of Galactic Federations/the AGF/the GF also always prevents Earth from straying out of its proper course/path around the Sun.
do you have your iOS software up-to-date? You'll need 5.0 or 5.1. Update in Settings > General > Software Update.
and to NY to be a Knick!
Bay had dinner ready for me when I arrived ...gotta love him <3
#Bachelorette etiquette: "A real man wouldn't shoplift the pootie from a single mom" (Cuba Gooding Jr. in "Jerry Maguire")
Lol is so over!
Just photoed a beautiful bungalow in the mt Baker neighborhood. What a nice part of Seattle this is,
Studio on wednesday
I would say getting a hashtag going... #NominateBuyog :)
The cubs are in town....they play the crew at 7:10. Come show your support and enjoy $2 dogs and $3 cans of Louies and Damsel!
Just be I have long legs doesn't mean my shorts are to short!
Here's an "alternative" to #redevelopment. It's called the free market. Ending RDAs allows a fair & level playing field for all businesses.
I think those two feelings go together way too often in this job...!
I hope I can finish. I just lost my job and this is my boss's computer.
asklfjakslfdjlg i wish i had brown eyes...
Ready to take it on!
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” Albert Einstein
that is an odd rememberence. You sure that wasn't a dream? Beasties booed off stage? SMH?
you got to nap? Between thunder & a bunch of unhappy cats I'm lucky to have closed my eyes!
chicago tomrrowww... going to be the bomb .!! haha (:
To be Good you have to be bad first?
Hope you enjoy the show!
Oh snap my boss said go home
Bummer. Looks as if Web site is down. What to do? They are 1 of our main sources of what's going on in world of #poker!!
watching the office scene in Death of a Salesman, so great, so sad.
Off to spar @ the gym. Need to vent.
Talking to this girl <3
Stop by for some pre-spring break stocking up.
A musical Grey's Anatomy is just weird as hell lol
like who? Give me an example!(; & it's black? Dayumm.. You need to get that checked out.
Oomf's so cute!
two and a half men rofl rofl.....hahaha i love lol
Yup, just got mine, derp, thanks!
Lol. I'm afraid I have bad news for you - she's married.
I just can't believe it!Henry was shot!And why is the next season of #psych in the Fall?That's like...after summer.Why God Why!?
OMG #SaySomethin IS PLAYING AGAIN, OMG OMG OMG OMG
Being sober when u r an addict is so extremely hard, I'm so freaking proud of you. Keep it going!!
ima pretend I didn't see that.
Full house for ! RT : If you're not at the tonight, you be missin' out!
Rams bounce back and win big in New Mexico 102-71. We are now 22-6 with 2 regular season games left.
You're not mature, you're just boring
What are you looking forward to nabbing for this year?
hey!!!!! Are yall outta school yet?
my daughter & her friends have me additcted to 'Words with Friends'...wanna play? let me know!
I lowkey want a pair or two of those black YMCMB socks, pleighboi.
Jose Veras just isn't working out as the #Brewers 7th-inning guy.
It's hawt in Texas. Round3 going outside. Sorry no livestream :(
One of the best sayings ever. Also, "Even an old barn looks better w a fresh coat of paint." I know lots of saying for old people heh
Special mother's day gift from my family... 1 day off! Daddy and girls planned the whole day and executed it...priceless.
You start to see your life change when you stop fuckin with broke people.
New Era #Streetlit. Introducing the #author Cole Hart.
Counting down 60 days left to get an accepted offer to take advantage of the tax credits
Just wrote a Sidewiki entry on "Online Shopping Superstore - www.kandizone.com
Sotomayor isn’t just a powerful woman in a black robe—she’s a stellar ex of exercising authority over every aspect of your personal life.
when people get into other people's lives and they think its okay.
Thank you for the FF!
"What kind of car do you drive, a short bus?"
i actually miss school.I wanna ride the bus.
Chicken wrap for lunch.
Work we meet again lol
Feeling nostalgic 4 Barnstead Media. Working with #lucyliu. Love her!!!
so what lost game one last series.
they aren't homeless by the way. this is actually not that uncommon in Miami ... people are weird.
We did it for old time sake
Pardon me? I have no idea why I was supposed to be trying to impress you....(I am #3stepsback) in the first place?
buy me a diamond ring so I know it's real !
what is this medieval times?
You know it!!“: Now we can get to the important stuff: One Shining Moment!”
Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought. by Pope John Paul II
They are becoming pros! And as handsome as ever. RT Another pic, Cutest ring bearers. #paulesboonewedding twitpic.com/5nrx6n
You know if somebody slashed my tires I would just buy new ones and put 22s on them the next day!! Hi hater ( wave )!!
Stick with us as we become the number one online source for specials & shows 's bar scene.
"When Love and Skill work Together, expect a Masterpiece" --John Ruskin .....This Dynamic Combination will Create an Environment of 'HOPE'
where would the QR Codes be? On a power point? Poster?
Don't miss Sade w/ John Legend TONIGHT Scope. Tickets are still available @ Norfolk Scope Box Office & at any Ticketmaster outlet.
By the way, you may spot some Symbolicons in our overview video...
"Make a gift of your life and lift all mankind by being kind, considerate,
: Great, we'll look for your tweets. We'll be tweeting as well and using #seamayor. ^ec
a warm sales call, then
When was the last time the sun didn't come out? SOLAR IS HOT!
Hm..... idet i should go to sleep to just wake up in 1.5 hr
My puppets keep me up all night. Too much sewing needed, no time for beloved followers
Thank you! :)
please follow me?(:♥
Fellas, givin oral. First start w/ neck,lips,neck,chest,stomach back up to the chest , back down to the hips then hit thee clit
Cool site. There's got to be a way for us to do business together. How about making commemorative bottles 4 your customers.
Well, they're not the Nats. I will watch them play the Nats later this month though. I'll report back ...
Whenever I used 2 play "Mista Grimm-Indo smoke" my uncle wud barge into the rm, stop the tape n put on "RbL Posse-Bammer weed"
REMEMBER: Nothing worthwhile will ever be very *easy*
A true moral dilemma. I'm gonna go with COD.
Glad this day is over.
Why would you guys think Rose would be 100% back in shape?
hey have you noticed that the flash goes into strobe mode upon receipt of a text message? I think it's new with 5.0.1...
May The Fourth Be With You!
Good bread, like good wine and good coffee, is all around us now in Washington and the suburbs..- Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
QoTD: "I will study and prepare myself... and someday my chance will come." (Abraham Lincoln)
Power is out, must be Sunday.
This kid bet me $100 that he would find my personal twitter by tonight. Lmao looks like imma be $100 richer(;
Loving the humor of Rabbi Irwin Kula at #ideaseconomy & irony of him talking about the confession app. The Haggadah App was approved today.
Wait, are you suggesting 'designer arrogance' is not a thing?
Happy Mother's Day!
going to try the loop again tomorrow see if I can make it around. I'll keep you posted.
wow! that's all I'm saying.
So will this amendment ensure that the state gives me free ESPN?
yeah i wanna be like you
its true that a high cute quotient helps ease the pain (but not the bleeding).
#RIPBoyBelieberJamie I wouldnt are if he wasnt a Belieber, he had cancer which is hard to deal with he is Strong & now is in a better place
. "it will be a relatively quiet end of session."
Back in LA. Look at that mountain! Look at those trees!
FUN gift for the moms in your life. FREE shipping on 2 bottles or more. Use coupon code MOM010. www.giftedvine.com
1/14/2011 Win a Copy of The Facebook Marketing Book! Marketing Pilgrim
Watching freaky eaters:addicted to cheesy potatoes. This show grosses me out.
oh Lord what happined?
The answer to their questions -ALL OF THEIR QUESTIONS- is Charles Johnson is my lawyer: 713-222-7577
whats good bro
Still single ?
[New Slide] UC campus graduation rates correlate to that school's funding profile.
One thing a absolutely hate is homework on the weekend!
S/O to for being there for me for the past couple of days! Thanks for everything! (:
What a poor asian boy living his dream through twitter......
Bitter Sweet emotions about Grubb & Ellis bankruptcy / sale to BGC Partners. I spent 4 years there and worked with some amazing people.
Fa sho... and younger. RT : u got that right... OKC is hungrier
I'm so sleepy & it's only 10pm
big to fail especially if they don't stay innovative
trying to skype with my grandpa is such a struggle. lol
I haven't talked to in a long time. ❔👎
if unlive in town shud try rolling bones on Edgewood--has Caribbean influence on it. Brisket is awesome
word, you quitting too?
Dnt knw why I waited till da last minute 2 get my mother something
Hey no problem buddy! I'm glad you got that awesome noteRT :
Phoenix here I come!!!! Jay jay the jet plane get me there.
I. Need. Sugar. NEED. NEED. NEED. It
Pretty cool that my favorite PGA golfer who's ever tweeted me (twice even) is now a Masters champion! Congrats !!!
Forget not that the earth delights to sense your naked feet and the winds long to play with your tresses.
Yes, I can use Google Maps, but it's much much slower and provides less info than just entering a stop # would be. Please consider.
do have any idea how FICKEN AMAZING it would be if u followed me? i think we should fin out :)
Kobe couldnt get open. And my daddy is salty too.
I love you,
Join OVS this Thursday, November 18, at 7:30 PM, when Rabbi Efraim Davidson will discuss the 3M's of Judaism. Cost: $5, includes ice cream.
My hair grows faster than a god damn chia pet
yeah or the Stones.
there's little i'm as afraid of as worms... and they're everywhere.
im sorry for your loss <3
It's day break it's def time for me to go to sleep, def enjoyed my night though.......
"Much ado about nothing," Shakespeare was right about so many things...
Thank you! :) RT : congrats on the temp job!
We work with venues that already have screens and digital OOH networks. We do not charge the venues and networks. We bring interactivity...
Watching Tom and Jerry ... Hmm, JERRY. Do they actually looked alike, somehow? :P
A few more days until the Cetona building opens up!
Fascinated by the vastly different presentations for #TwistedTitus #DigitalBard final projects. Vids, Prezis, boardgames, performance art.+
I'm gonna find a way to make it w/o you tonight.
yes absolutely
Aw thanks!!! I'm just gonna blame it on Uncle Floyd.
'RT : RT : We are born with nothing and we die with nothing but our student loans.
When are you and the team coming back from the Left coast?
Impossible is not a fact it's an opinion.What's impossible only remains so until someone finds a way2do what others are sure can't be done.
Its real cold up here this morning...
Beginning to learn that Foursquare has better reviewers than Yelp if you dig a bit.
Hes seems so upset, sad and lonley.....I hate this....
- And I didn't even have time to perform my exegeses! Just wait for my epic-poem-spread-across-a-huge-python-class.
I Got A Big Ego. B*tch Dont Touch Me.
Everywhere! School, malls, home, etc.!
just when i think you cant do anything dumber, you go and do something like this...and TOTALLY redeem yourself; great play by Arias 2 end it
Okay y'all this is it!!!
ooh good one
I love you, you love me, worlds apart, but I'm still me
Writing social media guidelines w/out stifling free speech, a new #UMBCsocial session from Look forward to meeting you, Lindsay!
Quote of the Day: All knowledge, the totality of all questions and all answers, is contained in the dog- Franz Kafka via
HEY!!! Just busy with a few photoshoots and DJing at a few places, what about you!?!
God there are a lot of hillbillies here
If u see this education connection commercial one more time with that hideous chic blowing a corndog.. i may die
we all miss you too :) hope everythings still going great out there!
Running on two hours of sleep making double-doubles all day and I've sill got a smile on my face :D
I talked to her and she said she has to get 12 hours before she can get a free ticket and doesn't have that many yet but she
There's nothing like a shot of whiskey with a pickle juice chaser. Try it.
What version are you on? Should be fixed in 1.2.1.
well the show was a soap opera...and the movie seems generic. If it was called something else it wouldn't be a big deal.
I heard that song the other day. I think that guy has the lowest voice ever! Crazy.
Sorry Chris Davis played like poop today. Give him a week and he'll hit a few dingers for you.
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
The way he kissed me
SOMEONE BUY A BOAT FOR ME
#RT if you love your boyfriend/girlfriend. (:
Did I say something?
It's Catalina Island Jazzfest time. Second weekend coming up. Who's there? Give us an update!
We look forward to seeing you again!
I've been testing some new moves in the lab. Saturday seems like the right time for their public release.
Setting up for success!
we should change that together.
ok, i'll try to pull this together real quick.
there's a flight to gboro boarding in the gate next to me and leaving right now ..potential switcharoo?? thoughts??
aka the preggie munchies! Xo beauty! Miss u!
RT Very cool : under the lights at YSC!
Beautiful morning, but the studio is so cold! Taking my coffee back to bed.
An tech rep just said "18 seconds is an acceptable page load time." Are they crazy?
Actual conversation w/: "Does service include calls to Spain?" "I am not in Spain. I'm in the Philippines. My name is Sarah."
Keep a roll of painters tape handy in the kitchen; great to seal bags and such, re-sticks over &over (even stays sticky in the freezer).
Are you seeing any #Snow where you are?
I still have a bedtime...but mom's letting me stay up tonight...
never said I didnt
It was my pleasure!
I heard once that some countries give new entrants a vertical integration grace period to help them recoup startup costs.
you got science all over your apples!
Yes! Looking forward to it. See you there.
have you ever dated a girl?
where my 50 bro
I have lots of extra time this week for #voiceover work. Need a professional read? I'm your guy!
#itsbadenough i gotta live with yo a$$ :)
I think the link is no good Kent
I think everyone should come to my birthday dinner tomorrow, that'd make me one happy girl!(:
On rainy days like today, I wish I could just curl up on my couch with a blanket and read 's new book. How about you?
WHICH circumstances?
were the weed at
"The Mirror Has Two Hartmut's Faces"
DAMN bye david that was cold trump
Driving is a spectacular form of amnesia. Everything is to be discovered, everything to be obliterated. -Jean Baudrillard
Play me some #mountaingoat music, like grandma and grandpa used to play.
RT : 10 June / consider me there. Over 15 years as a fan and their music never gets old to me.
but they don't open till 6
S/O to for staying strong
Please follow me too Vera :)!!!!!!! you're my Fav #Tennis player!!!!! & i think you're an Awesome person :) always u'r fan :)
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2011 Oakland #Athletics defense.
Oh no Mrs. Donohue isn't going to be happy.....
what the heck happened to ur shoulder
On my way home from long work day!!
yeah! 6th grade was awesome!
B-Days AND Dolla Burgs? HOLY!
A twisted knee isn't serious. Hopefully the MRI will be negative.
lol my names actually Naomi, but I'm great lol wbu!?
Is Aroldis Chapman healthy?
Had a dream that Abby went bald!
RT got mine yesterday! already watched it twice! I know, I'm that lame... but it's that good! nice work!/ NOT LAME!
Mark that down on your calendar- that'll be a good one, folks.
Trufax RT i wish i had that
Good Saturday morning to you. Thank you for following me:
I'm officially a soccer mom. Yelling "spread out" the whole game.
The only way today's game could have been better was if men were playing and I actually cared.
This damn Path be packed like sardines idk how ppl can do this everyday
New nickname: Turd. How appropriate since I float and I'm getting nice and brown in the sun right now. Blodwyn accepts this!
I agree great job, I am jealous...I can't do that
Duhh RT : You got to watch 'Braveheart' love this movie!
my moma workin on my nerves man!
So some dude kills an unarmed black child and the Sanford, FL police chief has refused to arrest the dude who did it. Why? And no outrage?
I signed the petition although I haven't eaten Domino's in about 15 years.
Saw Iron Man last night -- loved it! Downey was perfect in the role. It's a little goofy but totally true to the book.
Love is love's reward.
What a game last night! We had a great crowd come out and watch on our new flatscreens.
we was young we was dumb...
Carolina is too scared to kick to Sproles.
At Denver Jazz in the Park
omg dude ha it didnt start until 5th period ;o
I now feel that a picture of a smashed keyboard should be posted with the caption #ChrisBrown's Keyboard.
#Loex2012 A GREAT presentation on a survey of the importance of teaching #ControlledVocabulary and #Boolean search operators AND, OR, NOT.
no balls, when !? I'm literally 4 hours from Vegas when I'm home
hooded, fluffed and graduated... now why does that sound so dirty?
Backstrom is getting raped in the face off circle. Good god.
my inspiration has run dry, thats what goin on!
Can Facebook Get You Fired? Not Any More
I thought that was just me!!
u need to tweet
ELEMENTS opens tonight in Power & Light! Salsa dancing outside! Just next to the H & R Block building.
Happy Mother's day to my amazing godmother who I miss so much, ! I love you!
Congrats to the winner of the #NFLDraft Sweepstakes ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets. See you Thursday!
Super Wet call it SLOPPY JOE!...lol
if life is sacred than it is sacred accross the board, if killing animals is wrong, killing babies is wrong.
We're looking forward to seeing you!
that's my plan...we just need to become DJ's.
Is it ever not Lobsterfest?
Responded to FIRE @ 187 Highland Blvd, Brooklyn, NY 11207. Red Cross auto update.
Did Penelope Cruz cut her hair to run in a Natalie Portman lookalike contest?
My hair takes foreveeerrr to blow dry
When Denis ask you when's Christmas omg are you stupid or are you stupid?
OMG ...WE can't wait! This SATURDAY is FRUIT OF THE SOUL !!!!! Amazing Food, Drinks, Live Music and MUCHO ART. www.fruitofthesoul.org
Here is one of the greatest secrets. Recognize that u do not need 2 go outside of yourself 2 create what u want. ~Alana (via )
Getting closer....Cleared to record.
hahahahahaha I like that one!! Mr. and Mrs. Yum Clinton
Thanks Alex. Happy Friday!
should follow me :) <333
New email protocol: read, respond/take action/ignore, delete. No more marking unread & pretending I'll read them later!
I'd love to see an enterprising hacker insert that caveat in a few major editorials.
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 😍
why dont u stop tweeting n come by already
You can hate on all you want, but she has the boy and you don't so you just look stupid! True fans love Eleanor!
How ironic that #ThomasKincade died on Good Friday...let us all pray that his paintings do not rise again. Amen.
If you received any addressed to , let me know! I'm sure I didn't get all of mine....
- did I just get thrown into a freezer? It is ice cold out.
How was you turkey hill ice cream? Or Did Paul finished it off for you?
2012 Global CEO Study...Top Human Capital Strategies...Grow #talent internally; improve #leadership dev.; provide emply T&D
I checked my videos from Sat game. I have all of Collin's goal on video. You will not believe it.
contemplating suicide
Pumped for UFC tonight. My predictions: Lesner loses, St.Pierre wins, Bisping/Henderson is the best fight and DH wins, loves it.
A strong core equals a strong body. Soon you’ll be thanking our Core Resolutions class for getting you there.
UGGGHH IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE FIXED my dad called the place and they said itd work now
About time Simon!! Thanks for following, see you soon.
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed. :) Hopefully you're learning a lot at the conference - the lineup looks great!
Now I really need to go to bed
I guess thats why ive outgrown ALOT of ppl...i got bigger and better things coming...small positive circle is all I need!
Lol :P RT : We would almost get ran over! :P
Lake Norman, and Charlotte are beautiful places to visit in the Tar Heel State of North Carolina!
Love that film!
I need to watch THE FRENCH CONNECTION again soon.
actual fire?
Worship was bananas!!! Had a soul train line down the center aisle that went all around the sanctuary!
Battle Bots was pretty awesome. Many styles of robot could win. Remember when robot fighting was popular? Wtf was that?
but we gone hafta change shoes on this costume thoughh :O
In the weeds
lol! Your post inspired me :)
running to ohio with my boy , long day.
bahahahahaha all the time... jene & i both got told tht one time while we were walking together by some friends
Led the wobble at red brick woo
what! that "previously seen on..." told me NOTHING.
if you are open to everything around you, the ideas will come: | On keeping momentum
Merry CHRISTmas everyone! Have a safe New Year! Thanks for following me, thanks for sharing the new video, and thanks for your support!
#Madmen is like a car wreck... you don't really understand what happened but you keep staring at it trying to figure it out.
youre fine as you are :)
And cream puffs. I was able to resist the cheesecake. I know people love it but me, meh.
Is it a pho day?
Leaving tomorrow to France to mix the album!
hey Carly follow so I can dm you. Thanks!
which one ? theres three>.<
It's funny how when One Direction sings…they sound American, but when they are not…they sound british+irish.
I am done with my retreat and headed back home. A long drive awaits.
For real really
RT : RT Quiet win for NCAA. Plaintiffs in Keller/O'Bannon hit w/sanctions for overbroad & unduly burdensome discovery
I feel so sick :x this better go away soon! >:/
They got my foot in a boot
yea I only get it when I'm with the rents
Exactly: time. You can build yr own "come play in our sandbox" site, or you can spend incalculable hours playing in others.
haha thats what i think(: x
Interpol was better than I'd remembered. But to be fair, I don't think they played a thing off of their last.
Buffett is one of my favorites, Buffy! Enjoy!
this is why we're behind the scenes, there's a little less of that going on.
Cannot WAIT for the Project to being Tuesday, September 6th!
in South America on set and ready to watch the Thanksgiving parade thanks to
Hi Kathleen, do you know if tomorrow's genomics forum will be recorded?
#AdaptedScreenplay goes to #TheDescendants #Oscars Daniel, this one was for you! :)
thanks for coming!“: Great show today. Lots of great art and good advice for my daughter heading to art school.”
The campus is buzzing! Love the first day of classes!
She chose to persue fame. The risks were hers to face. It's a shame she was not up to the relentless attention.
What can I do for you today?
A tip jar in an airport bathroom...only in North Carolina?
Just lined up doby for the first Friday Night Live of the season on May 6. That should put spring in the air!
yep, I'll be there for about 5 days, though some time in Uppsala, where my sister lives and a short trip to Amsterdam
performoing at the sweet auburn fest today...
wow. You make me hungry..
thanks for the thoughts John. I look forward to finding out more about his thoughts on education...
for sure email next time your in SF!you still talk to G-man?
I'm gonna drop you like 3rd period French !
I will bring an ice chest full of
oh and thanks for not punching me in the throat 👊
I think I'll just be sappy and sit here listening to three Norah Jones' songs on repeat and star at this book, and hope I retain something.
I was wrong about the distance thing. I guess it was the angle that made Uranus (7th) look bigger than Jupiter (5th & largest local planet).
aww hell yeah man, if were not out in colorado enjoying the powder
Moss to Ravens do you think it is a good fit for both sides?
Anne Selleck, and Pat, Vince and the Time Jumpers, Pomeroy's Christmas Benifit, Wonderful Night!
I think Hootsuite is probably your best bet at the moment.
Thanks for coming out Jacob!
Reading steven tylers book and bret michaels is on tv in the background
ill Tweet Ya Laterr Ight I'm Doing Community Service :P
Good morning. It's 6 a.m and I have JUST FINISHED tattooing. Going to sleep and then start my appointments at 10:30 am,
PLAY TIME!
thanks for the retweet!
Not to mention casting stuff...finish writing stuff..webstuff..approving stuff...How do I sleep? Or when? Heck, I date my TV...
Come to NYC and we'll test this out
At the AT&T Center with Ready for the game to start.
Too bad Knaus Berry Farm is closed for summer. Ugh.
I'll make a big announcement!
Every time they say "viral video," a kitten gets kicked.
lol, why you say that? I been knew ur email, I just forgot if it was gmail or yahoo
Who think tiger is gonna hang on to win?
Love your tumblr dude! Couldn't sleep so you successfully made me go through all 40+ pages of it. haha
USC Dean of Law, Elyn Saks to receive Inspirational Person of the Year Award at the NAMI San Diego dinner on Oct 2nd, www.namisandiego.org
I CAN'T FOLLOW PEOPLE
Friday is Funday for me chillin at home and networking making money on the phone.. cool I love my job
It's a pretty good video.
Haha awesome. I'm pretty sure Day 1,2, and 3 will consist of soaking in the Blue Lagoon
you have a higher threshold for audatory pollution than I do. They really just have no clue what is going on during games.
Thanks for looking into it. I did a lot of reading in the forum and a lot of troubleshooting on the site, but it seems like a bug
RT : Why does traditional university procurement process need to be so cumbersome? How many innovations get killed by this?
hi I love mindless behavior
Yay!!! He is always gracious and wonderful! And yay for Lego Curiosity and kids everywhere!
Is the podcast on iTunes? I couldn't find it.
no days off for the team while we're getting our newest nutrition club ready to open in a week!
This is the best Diablo 3 joke of the night.
The politics of snark vs. the earnest spirit of Zuccotti park
They have to put a Play All option on this disks? #AmazingMilwaukeeRace research Season 2
One of my all time favorites!
email us:
are you sad that Hollie went home ;-;?
thx for spreading the word! :)
Pls check your DMs here. D
why you hatin so hard mane?
Woke up voice gone, drink me some hot tea & a teaspoon of some holy oil should work. THANKFUL 4 this day GOD let us see
Yeah I can't either haha.
Walked in the Susan G Koman Race for the Cure in Indianapolis today! Cold and windy, but still a great walk!
Thanks Miss Silvia! Great work too!!!
batting cages here I comee. :) time to keep it in
. Have just had the privilege to read #11 of the 1000 copies of Nin's "On Writing" could you blog on how this book came about?
Idk how people can stand me.... I cant even stand myself
If Nebraska is undefeated, they'll play in title game for sure. 1 loss will get them in over many, many others as well.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 43
Wow. More work than its worth.
Motion carried.
I Am Following (:
They say I'm just a kid I told them go figure. Is that even right? lol
Oh my God. What happened in your life that made you so needy that you’ve got to fill every waking second by babbling on?
My maxim for life: I�m responsible for my happiness and you yours
Multitasking is less productive. Let technology make your life easier, not harder.
Who's interested in another Craft Swap for the month of May?
Notice: I'm not drinking a MGD.
"charlie was engaged in a coke and hooker rampage..." Entertainment Tonight -- Nice!
- The does not apply age limits to applicants. Contact to join!
Wish me luck
Paranormal state it is!
Orchid Fest opens Sat. Nov 5! Don't miss this amazing collection of flowering orchids! Nov5-13, $3.
great to meet you last night! I want to get more involved in PR functions... sending you an email to pick your brain. :)
"There's a Canadian consulate in Chicago?"
Just got through eating Ihop and I got the itus like a biyiyotch hahaha
Beliebers Are Very Sexy , ;)
HEY! What about Freedom of Disinformation?
I hope it's not another place that doesn't allow people with kids. RT : Welcome to the neighborhood Raglan Public House -
Seriously! I am pretty amazing.
I love jazz!!!!
Bored out of my mind! (+﹏+)~
would be great to see you too!
Funny...Mark Sanchez is trending because of Tim Tebow
ohh, well she might be Bi? lol y ea h? Ill.get you the dankiest.edible ever when you do :p
Season cut up chicken w/ 1/2 tsp each of cumin, chili powder & garlic salt & drizzle w/ olive oil. Bake 25ish mins at 375.
That awkward moment when girls pictures on twitter arent really them, but they have guys telling them their gorgeous. LOL, gtfo.
This sums it up well. RT : Yo, watch idol tonight. Someone gonna win, people gonna sing, stuff gonna happen.
I like to think that Jon Glaser is really you guys.
Yes, that elephant in the fridge reference is from an anecdote told by (zoos, books: we got 'em both)
Justin Bieber sounds sexy in his new song.
b glad 2 show u sights, if I'm not evicted first :-)
": I seriously wished I lived like rob dydrek." If I could hangout with any celeb for a day, it'd be him. I'd do so much shit.
Life is one big road with a lots of sign! Good morning ppl..:-)
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that...Martin Luther King
Respect is the first step
Jaidie usual retweets all of Tyga's lyrics that people / myself tweet.
Totally there dude. Opeth and Mastadon are cool, but Ghost is were you'll get the most bang for your buck...
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again.
Thanks Mark!
Lol imagine 7 guys yelling because we finally found an open fitness center after 1h of searching!!
if you didn't live lightyears away id find some really cute way to ask you to prom
instagram is very, very promising...
It totally isn't! Both my mom and I get them. Carbonated drinks, too, but that one seems obvious.
"What if going to sleep was actually waking up" :-O
If you're as real as you say you are the. You shouldn't have to tell people... People will KNOW IT!!
All of this #levilowrey talk is freezing my computer!
your dog is so cute! I'm ridiculously jealous!:)
The sun has managed to squeeze its way out after 5 days straight of rain here in NY.
Dad Impossible!!
only good song...
