Damn lol.. good looking!
in the lab putting in work. Good stuff.
Savage U.. This show is hilarious.
Im out
Thanks for recent RT! Lovin' all of your support!
just picked up my cap & gown from the Suffolk book store!!!! ah
Dear self: "someone is wrong on the internet" is not a valid excuse for being late.
cell phone got a phat ass antenna lookin azz
Never really knew what human traficking was until today,breaks my heart and We can ALWAYS do something about it... Starts with prayer
Well , looks like this is another show to see when I get back from touring in October!! Can't wait to see it ! :)
hope you pick us a day
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
When you see someone get bitch slapped it is the funniest fucking thing ever! :D
can't WAIT to get into the studio!!!!
I rise for my niggas!!
productive as a mo-fo today! feels great! a lot of things have been opening up as I've opened up and changed my perception... eyeing the sky
whatever. they suck. Nick Case for President of Twitter!
My sunburns are so bad that even getting goosbumps hurts like a bitch
YES! hit 200 followers just now. He has to start using Twitter again!
In a good ass mood ! Woo !
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle RT
I'm usually not one for remakes, but the new Total Recall with Colin Farrell looks pretty darn good. I hope they don't muck it up.
Wow, I can't believe how hard it's raining today in South Florida! We have the TV volume on 42 so we can hear it!
that's all I'd really need it for too. I send all my lenses off to the Canon factory. But even in SF that was hard to find!
lololol RT : Bow Wow show on June 3 at Buchanan's Event Center - Canceled
rain makes my hair look really pretty
el-oh-el!
hi love. How r u??
15 days of school left, 14 with students...but who's counting?!?
Marshall and Cutler will be reunited. The smug douchy QB and his eccentric screw-loose WR together again.
Oh haha! I don't remember?
Stop by Booth 1111 at #ALFA2012 to see Silverchair Learning Systems!
Danngg. Not gonna lie... I do too!! Haha
Winners from Iran and Pakistan. Mullah 's hair on fire.
Strange to say but, when I was a homeless drunk life seemed stress free.
Listening to Franz Ferdinand in the Mace office today.
worth mentioning that I really enjoy your photos.
Whose gassing that hoe? bp? Hm, thinks 678 bitch ain't got a car!!
Dare to dream and dare to love.
OMG, worlds colliding!
Jut found out my friends Austin and Sydney are coming to Nashville with us during CMA Week! #Party!
Dont forget the Full MV for SJ Opera comes out next week!
I left my work badge somewhere, it has my name on it. Pretty sure anyway.
thanks for pub - hopefully see you out at
Pick me
The loudest sound on earth is the unbearing silence
On my way up
RT "Consistency" gets results and "Efficiency" gets them fast!
heeeyyy can i have a shoutout??? :)
I wish I could deliver you both late night ! Thank you:-)
please follow gurll
To be perfect is not real
- I finally found my micro SD card adapter got around to ghost imaging my card - got most of my data back! Thanks for the idea!
Girl time in full swing
We like your persistence. RT : Yes! ...Sell Frozen Pizza At Grocery Chain N Elkhart! Pleez! We Luv #monicals!
The and Continental deal was all stock, so you'd think they could find the cash to hire a UX designer. The new site blows.
Just landed in Berlin & drove past so many interesting places on way to hotel. Can't wait to explore. Will let u know insights!
We do, and it is! RT I didn't know had luxury cars. Rock Creek Parkway is way more fun in a BMW.
not all beers are for everyone. I can appreciate a good stout, but it's not, nor will it every be, a favorite style of mine.
Fan us for a chance to win both, the true blue romance, Sleeping love just released today & romantic sci-fi adventure, Was Once a Hero.
Thanks! Just started pinning today...we hope it takes off! :)
FR3$H TO DEATH
On the road to Kansas City!
Bumping some Amy Winehouse. Why don't u come on valeraaaaay!
umm we ain't spoken in weeks ; you don't have the right to tell me to shut up .
it's okay:) and yeah:/ it sucks.... Hows your knee?:)
If you were born lucky, even your rooster will lay eggs. ~ Russian Proverb
me three!
check it out...it's awesome!
Always great to see you at Dobsons ! You don't have to wait til wine competition in April!
RT : i will not go to bed til at least 9. i will not go to bed til at least 9. i will not go to bed til at least 9.
i followed you. please follow instead of following me back.
Thanks, Heather RT
Submitting my own AASL/ALA presentation proposal for 2013. I have never done one on my own. See what happens!
You too cute to be working at 5 guys
See how many mentions I get....fuck y'all opinion tho..
Had a great first day at my internship, now off to a red carpet event in Beverly Hills! 🎉🎥
Lol RT : Why does Chris Paul look like LOL
can u follow me since i followed u?
RT : Sick of daily deals in your inbox every day? YipIt aggregates them for you and only shows you the ones you'd like:...
likewise - and I vote for cookies
im not mad ?
and that was a great cut by Johnson, not a great play design.
Another fantastic message. God is using you in a mighty way and the message He gave you to share spoke to my heart.
Great! Let's do it soon! Maybe Monday??
Lunch with my mama on a Tuesday afternoon. Life is great.
Are you there God? It's me, Kenny Chesney.
S/O to !! :) GO FOLLOW HER!!! DO IT NOW! She loves Vinny Castronovo as u can see in her name, and she does amazing imagines!
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
I'm naked underneath my clothes.
"He is your praise and He is your God; who has done these great and awesome things for which your eyes have seen." ~Deut.10:21
crankin is actually the technique we have just recently gotten serious about....it is addicting! You will have a ball mastering it
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings. I'm a drinker, we go to parties.
We leave in a few hours for Amsterdam!!
i should show this to friends who think im crazy about
Yes, working another night shift. Today 1-9pm. Tomorrow i work 8am-4pm, and then i am off Sunday! Yeah!!!! Hoping to be off Monday too!
I need mahomies to talk to on kik!!!! What's your name on it?!?!?! :D
Take a look at KenLM. It's even faster & smaller than Berkeley LM. #ACL2011 #aclhlt11 kheafield.com/code/kenlm/benchmark/
We're hosting a lounge this Wednesday with a new artist...Benny Marchant! DM us if you and a friend want to go!
That's so exciting...and likely a little nerve-racking :)
Do you tweet, so do we
This sunburn has ruined my life.
you too. Hope your practice is going well.
Down goes K State lol, next maybe Baylor??!!??
how do I block them?
play like a scrub-u get called 1.nickname or not...deal with it
that doesn't sound good, but I know what you mean.. any small town has its ups and downs.. hang in there :)
#Didyouknow Pu-er tea cultivation can be traced all the way back to the Han Dynasty in China, 202 BCE-220 CE.
Me: "mom... dad.. I decided to live on my own from now on" Them: "ok, cool" Me: "your luggage is outside". Lol :P
I understand that it may really frighten you that people are using social media to spread the truth. It's okay.
People say HATE is a strong word, but so is LOVE and people throw that around like it's nothing.
I am assuming What To Expect When You're Expecting is "asswipingly terrible."
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
whether you think you can or you cannot.... you are correct
KUIK Taste of Home "Cooking Show" coming March 10th to the Washington County Fair. Get your tickets at KUIK.com
PLEASE follow me back! :) I love youu.
Always a pleasure!!!
ohh thank you! checking it out now!
Best Eastbound intro of All Time
Let us be of good cheer, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those that never happen. James Russel Lowell
try Sonny Bryan's in the West End, or go a couple of blocks to Dickey's off San Jacinto.
Thanks for the great overview on the new Facebook timeline for fan pages!
Did I win? I was dead on with 117-111
This fucking bitch
Glad my throat better tho. That Chloraseptic spray is what's up
blah -.- it wont let me delete from my phone, I have to wait til friday </3
man they're always going in on u haha
so how did they tell you it was your turn? I still haven't been forced to switch yet but I know it's only a matter of time.
...fell behind slightly but I'm back in the groove. Today is thirsty Thursday and I have some serious work to do!
shoot me an email at , would love to chat with you about
can't wait to see you tonight theater!
Yes! well put.
Aw! That is great. Let me know if I can help in any way! At the very learst I'll be there drinking wine asap! ;)
it's like the woot bag-o-crap, people love cheap surprises
Amazing work, great interview RT Interview with Tim Knowles in by Ben Sloat. -
Goin' to see Think Like A Man ! (:
► Kill everybody - Skrillex
Really great talk from also, masterstroke for not feeding the trolls
day in the city. Heading to Cafe Latte.
It's a good thing computers eliminated paper in our lives.
Big fat mustaches weren't cool in the 70's and they aren't cool now. Come in man....
Wtf! I don't work sundays anymoree so why would they schedule me to work this sundayy!
"I am a boy!!! You are not in prison anymore, Damon!!! This is not how we do it!" Money Mike from the movie, "Friday After Next".
Can you tell me what was left out in a Tweet? If the style's not right we can definitely work to correct it.
I finally completed my #marchmadness picks and they ended up being chalk, what a downer! What are ur predictions for the Tourney?
It's May already?! Ahh! Happy Tuesday, and MAY, all!
Enjoy your ENTIRE journey -
stop by our cafe when you are in town. We are near Pike Place Market
You mean Carlos Del-got-it!
Turn To You is freakin AMAZING! You inspire everyone so much. I'm proud to be a belieber since day 1! #NeverChange <3
definitely nick!
I miss clams together...<3
i like the idea of Nick Lachey replacing Regis... He's good.. team Nick!
Come leap into new possibilities at Marietta College #studyabroad fair!
Fuck wit this twitter bird it'l poke yo eys out
I feel so ghetto charging my phone path train station lmao -.-
Ben, sorry you've had some issues - we have reduced support hours over the weekend, but we'll get to your ticket ASAP!
Midday #36 Broadway bus in the Summer. That is all.
Made seared Ahi steak for the kid. She complained it was undercooked. Made me cook it all the way through. Sigh...
No. That was a short summary.
bring the #vmas to
The Caps have been off since Monday's 1-0 win at Pittsburgh
People need #dreams, there's as much nourishment in them as food. ~ Dorothy Gilman
Robert putting finishing touches on “Negotiating in a New Economy” speech for New Orleans ISES Chapter next week. Stop on by
u bringin us one next year homie cant wait...Go BigBlue!!!
I try not to pay attention to it. If they move, they move. I just care about football things, like draft and FA.
#SFOutsideLands - This #EarlyBird caught a worm in '12. Love my annual pilgrimage to my #birthplace on my #birthday. Haven't missed one yet.
Johnson Wagner has birdied the 17th hole each of the first three rounds at The Players Championship.
your nails are so pretty! 😄👍💅
The network is down.
Yea that works Asap
pretty simple goal. It's realistic and achievable! We can do it :)
Delicious lunch with San Fran MAM alumni at Slanted Door
Truth. RT writes the best art tweets.
Wishin you a HAPPY & SUCCESSFUL NEW YEAR!!! Xoxo ;)
Our phones have literally not stopped ringing since this morning. Keep 'em coming!
chicken tortilla soup and CAKE tonight for #mondayfunday and as always talls for smalls!!
really brilliant high level convos on Alma and nextgenlib going on in Seattle. i'm suddenly stoked on scholarly reccomender services.
Content can also be pushed to media platforms, niche blog sites, tastemakers, and brand ambassadors
Sometimes, i just HATE you
So hungry *grumble*
fire in my pants
I listen to obscure bands that only 4 other dudes w/stupid looking glasses have heard but I also listen to Brooks&Dunn.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GUYS TALKING ABOUT?!?!?!? Stop tagging me I have no clue what's up.
man get back on that AE crack man
Run along the lake is done, now off to eat some meat at Smoke Shack!
I threw u that Jesus piece in Boston. Ur my motivation. Holla atcha boy
hello MKE! henry rollins! chuck prophet! Three Brothers Serb restaurant! and that yummy taco place just south of the city.
I was a top reader in 6th grade so I'm very literate. In fact & I are working on literacy programs
Get that baby a blue blanket!
lmao I know right! Finally man
not a problem...be prepared to roll me out of here, though. Lol
Signed local car dealer for interactive SMS alerts. Movin' & groovin'
Everybody's saying "Sex ain't better than love" but some of ya don't even know the difference.
GAHHH. Haven't been this account in forever!
Whoa. Didn't see that one coming.
boring day :/
You coming out to the quality hang? :)
Using the new ebs system?
have you released new music recently?
BTW is my back-up husband if things with Niall don't work out.
thanks g!
nice...does it need more processing power...for each CS they launch it goes up exponentially. by CS13 we need fusion powered PC's
We iz gonna shake dat mb concert on july 20,bra
I'm on this new diet where it's too cold to go to the grocery store.
I'm glad to hear that. I hope it continues for you!!!
RT: More than the much-rumored tablet, sources say Apple also plans to end its iPhone exclusivity contract with AT&T
Interesting content, though.
I saw Adam Yauch in person one time, but if I told you where, it'd feel like bragging, and now is just a time for being sad.
Interlink Release Candidate 1 has been released to beta testers :D
When people RT my shit but dont be following me <<
we are okay right?
RT : Princess Beatrice's hat sells, confirms nail polish deal, Balmain to launch lower-priced line & more!...
OH MAN... you may have some people tracking you down.
RT : Christ gave one commandment: "Love One Another." Period. His message has been distorted by hate & politics ever since.
Hugo Chavez!
I was reading synopses of 2012 debuts and was seeing more diversity represented there. No covers yet for those books, tho.
#nowplaying Somebody That I Used to Know, cover of Gotye
My cat is pissed. She is locked in the bathroom.. How else can u teach a cat not 2 claw the crap out of ur dog? Seriously does an1 know?
I am humbled to have 's endorsement of my campaign for Congress! My father told me to serve the people just like him.
No! Anything but the '' los ramblin rebel rousers get away car de cincinnati. ''
Lmfao so funny how Filipino thinks that and are BF&GF. They are like brother and sister tupid
At&t to wed Tmobile. Following the ceremony, there will be no reception.
How many times have you typed "l'm okay" while crying?
A THOUSAND TIMES NO. If the Vikings move to L.A. my heart will be crushed and I will be forced to root for the Texans. Have pity, Commish.
RT Looking 4 #NYC #FoodBloggers who might b interested in charity blogging. Email fabfoodiebites (at) gmail (dot) com 4 info
Can anyone tell me what the Masters Leaderboad looks like at the moment? Thx
Sorry for the trouble! Send me an email with the address you used to register, and I'll look into it. ^MG
only a few more years until Poundcake arrives. What are you doing to prepare?
Thanks for RT! :)
Blackhawks were offered Teemu Selanne in a trade for a Signed Andrew Shaw Jersey, Hawks deny & CSN raffles Jersey
I need to test my skillz. DM me your email :)
what's up bro
True. Do that shit!
#todaypk I lost interest in Meg Ryan as an actor after her interview by Parkie.
yes this is interesting !
Happy Birthday to me!
dude that's not rick, that's ! lol
Just stopped by your table. Super rad artwork! I want to know more.
4 tweets and little over an hr ago I said "I refuse to believe my #Sixers will shoot this bad in the second half" Check my tweets!!!
Opening day for the Cubs! If I only I were actually there...
If I was the girl in the #mistletoe video. LORD knows what I would do to Justin.
Guess that shows who they think their customer base is, eh?
PS: new superheroes material to be dropped in 2 weeks!! Stay posted!!
Put 25 people around a table, you have 25 disagreements. Get them to agree on something -like, they want water. Pretty soon, some agreement.
"You have hedged me behind and b4 and laid Your hand upon me. Psalm139:5" so thankful that Jesus is always taking care of me!
It's awesome! try it!!! is that convincing enough? =D
#cwcon Julie Church on confounding Facebook: don't tell the whole truth; become a slippery persona; avoid becoming a conglomerate
Fall term is almost done. Prepping to go East for a month. Great idea for a new story.
naturally. it's because everyone's a-comin'
hey, I know him!
A tough way to lose for the Bat Cats, but Arkansas is a tough place to play. Now focus on winning the series.
My new speech can be. Don't mess with Kass or you'll be dealing with me... And I am old and tough.
Let me know how the library can help!
That awkward moment when people are in your parking spot in front of the store because they didn't know it was yours
The recipe will be on soon!
NC #NCRA skills testing site no longer @ Myers Park Church. New site TBD soon
K9 guy off again. Troopers off again. Amazing, but not surprising!
We will be announcing the winner of our Anniversary Give Away later today!! stay tuned...
It is National Melanoma/Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month- have you been checked?
that sounds amazing! :) are you from there?
"He who conceals his sins does not prosper, but whoever confesses and renounces them finds mercy." Proverbs 28:13
Devonte Lively enters not guilty plea to murder 2nd charge in death of Larie Butler - families were a bit emotional after court
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic? ~ Lily Tomli
“I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down...” -Abraham Lincoln
Pat "Melt Your Face Off With Rock" Young will be breaking a world record this evening, 'round the 7:00 hour. Bear witness.
Wasn't clear but probably not. Still, that 1/4 doesn't make sense. Would end up with ~50% of adult males in detention.
its true tho(;
School can't end fast enough
Tiger's Jaw is perfect, La Dispute is perfect, but my two favourite bands are Bright Eyes and Radiohead.
that sounds awesome, I saw NGR ibn 1984 in Toulouse France for the first time... awesome!
Libraries must be a critical part of our ecosystem. ~Susan Hildreth
I meant insanely "busy" lol! Does that give you a clue? :-)
Oh, and not said yet... Congrats to you and about the cabin!
I think the second one is super cute :)
: draw me up one better or shut up!
it's Glover's best performance. If I taught a film class w/ a focus on directing actors, i'd make that film required viewing
UC head coach Mick Cronin is a graduate of the UC History Department. A humanities degree will take you deep in the tournament.
Good Morning. I hope you all have a productive and blessed stress free day!
Following you!!!
I have the honor of cooking for 500 walkers this Mother's Day as they raise money to help breast cancer patients get to treatment.
It's Midnight! Get on over to either of our locations and celebrate our 1 year anniversary and KKD's 74th b-day! Free doughnuts!
really ? your site only lets me investigate non-bundled options if i'm logged out? that's just obnoxious.
I've been told im comfy ^__^
I haven't connected mine to Wilkes, but would not be surprised if there was a relationship.."cousins"
I love you more than this world my love ALL #BELIEVE.. Please Please follow me and answer me: D I'll always be #Belieber ILY
dont mess with me...i kill zombies..
Somebody is craving your presence, someone loves you... Go where the love is...
sure right armpit. I know pronounce us, husband and armpit. (;
yes, and it starts to pass faster even when you slow down
Ima lose again .. Ain't being negative.. Just telling the truth.. You feel me
get some sleep bruh :(
Simplify your Thoughts: Look for and express love to yourself and others.
Sad to hear of passing of Dr. David Bishop, great man, great family and a great blessing to me in many ways. Praying for family tonite.
RT : Q4 Also, everyone is right about volunteering, interning, or working part-time. You need experience to get a job
That hot problems video is from a company called Old Bailey Productions!
Sock hop cancelled! No wobbling, shuffling, or sliding for me. Taking the boys 2 eat some BBQ and to see "Journey to the mysterious island."
Ok, am I having a #SUBWAY Meatball Pepperoni Melt or an Italian BMT?
Daphne. Lois. Jessica Rabbit. I don't know why it is, but the hottest cartoon chicks tend to be redheads.
I'm in a particular mood for doing yoga a little later.
Happy Sunday, Twitter
it's more so a lot of people claim to enjoy it but never go to shows..it's like saying you like girls but never gettin a boner
So happy I have 3 days off!
Milwaukee Sports Marketing Professionals to hold event on Feb. 24 at The Capital Grille, hosted by ESPN Milwaukee.
#FF thx & welcomes new follow Move your way!
Usher and rick rosses new song is sick
I stalked tonight with brenden.
Thanks Cord! Glad you liked it :)
why not!
Class today oh well #not kool
Haha! That, they did. They sure did.
YES. If you like sappy romances.
Couldn't have said it better myself, knows what it's like to be an entrepreneur!
And 6 hours later I finally get to go workout #ChampWeek. Forcing myself not to watch #bigeast championship.
HAHA! I love it
but Fatty Aaron got a power sized Jamba didn't he?
Instead of pointing out people from the audience, he could've performed like 3 songs.
thats the phone i have
And that's a wrap
#prophotosupply I heart you :)
Haha. This is true! Only reason I was glad she won reward! I seriously wanted to watch it again right after it was over. LOL
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Please Please Please follow me good afternoon bonita
I'm always happy haha! It's dad that says STOP do that again lol!
Even if you wanted him to kill his self he won't be able to do that right....
It's stripping not hooking!
lol well done
when u coming to Louisiana
said I needed to watch this week's episode of #parksandrec I am doing it now.
forwards or backwards?
Who do you think is today's hottest Hollywood couple?
Watch Julie O'Keeffe promoting her new book on Fox 6 Milwaukee tomorrow morning at 8:15 a.m. Learn how you can live a more fulfilling life!
Good question. Might need to hire someone. Interested? I'll even pay you in quarters if you are :)
if Iona beats Marquette they'll go to the final four
lmao..on Vik..I'm taking Kane, needs a Real woman to set him straight & help him!
My new life has been A Year in the Making!
kind of...paying $5 for tall boy bud lights isn't fun... will be broke after this weekend!!
Sucks to suck! #jk We still need to FaceTime.
Sittin on the dock of the bay
App for Android: Helicon Remote: Control DSLR camera via USB ...
#FF because I love her. That's all.
Oh yea Jared Allen and Adrian Peterson are beasts.
I wish I had an Xbox 360 and a Wii at school! I love playing games sometimes! This the perfect day to stay in and play!
Lol at least your not fat!
Ugh...i hate packing sometimes. I wish i could just snap my fingers and it all be done.
": I want in on the next skype date." Hecks. Yes. I'm free Sunday-Saturday for you. Just tell me when (:
!+_.+- WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Achieving success really depends on how you define it.
I'm about to feed the social networking beast.
Look for and on PetPals TV on MyIndy! They're filming at the game tonight!
nice! thats almost every day for me. ha
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Alfred Jefferson and Cyriaque Sukan!
Although I'm not a MAYWEATHER fan, Cotto put up a good fight.
Help me?
Saw "I'M STILL HERE". The documentary about Joaquín Phoenix quitting acting to start rapping. It was such a awkward movie. He's wacked out!
"Beautiful and Well Made! Thanks much!" - Ursala from Mobile, Alabama
From the University of Kentucky! Ha! RT ": Rondo!!"
glad #oomf woke up & texted me :)
Bible Download – FREE download bible Wallpaper for Your Desktop Article by King James Version Bible Bible Want you desktop t
its up to obama
Your tweets provide me with 140 characters or less of the giggles.
Oh my...no way! LOL That wasn't nice.
Talk to me if ur up :)
what video? If love to.(:
Thats an Honor Fam! #Salute I know what I need to do I just have to put everything in motion and Im doin it now
Yes. Yes indeed. Get it #Patriots! RT : Rob Gronkowski is a MAN.
no problem!(: thanks for following me too! xo
I JUST FEEL LIKE RUNNING OUT INTO THE RAIN AND LET IT JUST HIT MY SKIN
Had a great get together last night with and the boys at Tin Roof. Love you Taylor.
When one of the few pair of shorts you own sadly are no longer fitting 😒 <<<
Need to collect books and raid museums though before we go underground.
Check my show out anytime. On demand.
oh yeah! Forgot about Easily.. so good! getting excited for this ride!
Miss you! The DCHS rockin' reunion was not enough! (Still laughing at the insanity!) Let's get together soon!
Headed to Reno a day early for the craps and midway games!
Thanks man! I first heard about Wildacres from you. Sounds amazing.
Hey! I know you hear this a lot but I really like your nose! :)
Craving popcorn & chocoo!!
You just popped in my head when I checked it out. I am strange, you know this! :-)
I'm no Walter Payton. Close... But not quite.
hmm New Mexico CEO's and their pets slideshow? I love it.
lmao.. im gonna holla at you later .. night
The connectivity issue with the WCDC was resolved at approximately 10PM EDT. Thank you for your patience. ^SW
OMG! I need a life!
This sounds really familiar, and I think it's good to be candid about these issues.
got an extra ticket to the Angels/Dodgers game tonight in Anaheim if you would like to join our family.
By the time im 25 I will reside in brazil !.
Hey!! You are very pretty 😊
I Cried When my brothers left to college
Happy Birthday Big Head :P
I really want to take yoga classes in the mornings. I'm having a hard time finding a good affordable yoga studio in El Paso!
Lol thanks ": I do RT : I don't think I like my twit pic"
doesn't surprise me!
Crushed that I was left out of feature on reality TV "stars" from WI. I think I was the first from WI to win a show (more)
Closed today from 3-5pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
That slow-mo video of Prince Fielder rounding third on has me feeling much better about my physical fitness.
I respect confident girls.
I have a harder time throwing away a magazine than I do closing a website. Print is not dead.
Had a wonderful audition for Freedom Summer on Saturday at the Network in NYC!
Key takeaway@ #istrategy: design for experience worth sharing. So simple. So different from tweet to win an ipad...
"The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that...
They're loco en la cabeza, as no Spanish-speaking person says.
penalty for Matt cooke
DOES ANYBODY KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK!
My heart beats. Echoes into the cold streets. Where nightmares and darkness begin to meet
Psalm 138:2 - "You have exalted your word above ALL THINGS."
Tomorrow is a half day so that means I'm not going
TV Taylor will assist with anything you need.
thanks for the info twat!😊
#Revenge is off the hook! She kicked his ass! So glad it's back!!
I hate when i get a txt or call from someone when they want something from you, but when you hit em up they dont reply and shit
I love it too; it brings tears to my eyes every time I see it.
Thesis writing going well today on page six of chapter three. Now procrastinating.
or what?
RT I have Baylor over ND tonight. Baylor is just too strong inside & out.
Ahahahahaha, Jury Duty huh? They haven't changed the movie, I see...
Wishing u the best Pray that u are blessed and much success no stress and lots of happiness
Just came back from the gym: 20min of squats and lunges + 45min spinning and now legs feel like jelly. Love this feeling!!
Happy Birthday Fam
Happy birthday Grandmama! Oh how I love and miss you!
Hey Eddie, do you pay attention to your Facebook comments or twitter comments more? P.s. Feel better!!
Law of averages states that Judd Apatow will never win anything, after landing Leslie Mann. Judd has won at life.
I'll cook breakfast for you anytime, cuz.
haha, yeah I've been checking in a lot on foursquare. I'm so bad at regular updates. Not the queen yet, but working on it ;)
I love thu too
Call me cynical, but I'll start believing the Orioles are for real if they're doing this well in September.
Almost blew my Chick-fil-a sandwhich in the microwave. Thanks to the foil in the little bag thing wit the sandwhich in it im real smart lol
today's public service announcement: if you add a few inches of half-n-half to your coffee, and it's still black, don't drink it.
from now on just equate lenox with cookies and you will always remember to hit me up first lol RT : aww man 😔
Good morning everyone!!! Who does everyone have to win the #NCAA college bball championship tonight? Kentucky all the way!!!!!
okay I will not accuse you of not tweeting anymore ha!
House page questions: Who will move flags flown over Capitol btwn offices? Who will eat every dinner at 4:45pm in tiny House cafeteria?
☝one more thing...Rent'em spoons!!! ✌until next time compadre!
Melo is taking over this is ridiculous
RT : has had quite a week! time for some sunshine and rejuvenation.. thanks #pdx for some killer ideas even just today!
I'm sure we can work out something bi-continental.
#drupalcon #ux let's hope that future colors modules will have many suggested palettes. Most of the user color choices are painful!
I promise ppl act too damn childish these!! like can u grow THE FUCK UP... Sincerly, Grown Ppl!
Nice game
"We have to kill the kiddie table approach!" I was blessed to start my day with words from of True man of God!
'Bron is ass, do all that shit regular season but Playoffs come?
; would u be kind enough to retweet my post re: Jack's Pack, u have WAY more followers!
it was weird! i havent seen or heard about that guy in forever and he was just a person in my dream!
Let's go play beerpong brah!
Cozette wishes to remind #Aurora, #Illinois residents of the #library talk by two #CCP #authors tonight at the #Eola Road Branch at 7 p.m.
we can help :-) visit awesome4.me
I can't get past the media room. Any closer to Ozzie and I get shot smh
Wahh. I hate twitter jail. I don't like having to use my backup account
Cats can eat raw, days-dead carrion just fine. They can hack 12-hour-warned catfood. ;)
Day starts w/ an intro to face masks, bulletproof vests and helmets (not good, think NATO); ends with abducted boy reunited w mom. (Great!)
i just had sex with a pbj sandwich dont be jealous
Google investing $300M to build Iowa data center
saw this tweet as the gate agent in Cleveland announced the delay.
Sometimes I get messed up DM's lmao. Anywho.....
I love you Pizza Hut. <3 So please bring me my pizza now! I'm still waiting...
Really love you please follow me! sound corny but personally my dream is that you can can follow me! can you follow me please?
TOTALLY GOING. A little odd to use the acronym HAM to describe vegans, but I'll take it as a compliment
Where are you?
Haha I know! My brothers always saying again? And I'm just like yes nigga again!! Lol its just awesome, have you read the book?
Walk much?
the CSPA requires the child to have “sought to acquire” the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence within a year
Catch the at JM Lexus of Margate Friday Night!!!
Ayers: Maps show our construction of history, Construction is key. Visualization is key.
LOL. RT dude when taking a shit at the please wash your hands after..
I got it. Thanks so much.
oh yeah
I am assuming you are speaking of Soccer, as I too will be partaking in Football watching this afternoon. American-style.
can't get enough Kings of Leon today!
Sitting in a cab in crosstown traffic, trying to envision New York as it would've appeared to a young Georgia O'Keeffe.
Craigslist is full of places... But be careful!
Happy birthday. i hope you have a good day and i hope you get to go to sleep soon.:p<3
Just gettin home a late nite i wanna go again tomar
let's make it happen.
If you email him, he can probably find someone to take the 5-9 since it's a super easy shift.
the fat blue fox jumped under the boring dog.
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this.All those fairy tales are full of it One more love song & Ill be sick.
I'm waiting on a mountain top, for the moment the sky will strike
Life is short, art long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.
Off to do some damage shopping.
rihanna, i love you. but this song is not one of your strongest.
I like the figure above (shoes)
cop out answer
When I walked in the house with flowers and a card my mom started crying right away and gave me a hug
#hungrylikethewolf for real! The Lord opened this door for sure. What's next? #celebraterecovery?
ART CONTEST!! WINNERS WILL BE FEATURED ON HAUNTEDHOUSES.COM email to enter Some art can be Displayed in Milwaukee
TCC Group at FA on Friday to continue our capacity building work
's tie reminds me of the opening day scarf. Go Sporting!
Appreciate American #History FF
I miss you :) happy cinco de mayo
think I heard you yell "don't give up Big Show!"
Thanks for the great class today Rita! Lots of fun! I'm fried :)
Beer, brats, und schnitzel ya! Go find an Oktoberfest tent near you :)
You done good, Dirty District.
Hi there. Because we only sell to retailers and not directly to the public, prices are not listed.
better that than my feet :)
are you here today? Miss you!!!
Real life quote "yo shorty look like 50 cent in things fall apart"
hey can u follow me please i got in a lil car accident, itd make me feel better if u followed me
How did I possibly not get a mention as eye candy in your article. I mean come on! OK, face-lift it is! Maybe calf implants
Standardless decisions made by unknown bureaucrats in secret, based on secret dossiers, w/out judicial review.
I'm so excited for #NewZealand I could scream!
You too, thanks! RT : Very much enjoyed working with you. Hope to see you, again, soon.
"I didn't know what my scene was but this wasn't it"-Carole King on her first hip Hollywood party in her memoir "A Natural Woman." Love her.
no. :( I don't think they'll like it.
What a great day for burgers + shakes on the porch! Come try our special bacon milkshake...it's heavenly.
Hahahaha... Feel your plight... Enjoy the flight.
#ItsAmazingHow amazing the Avengers was
Thank you for the bday msg
Hey there!!! thanks for mention!! keep in touch! -G
So sick of hearing man if this was the 60or70s or90s niggas would be_its2012 u niggas is scared
Not buckling on a roller coster
I'm coming back call of duty fans! no more basketball for a while! I enjoy winning money in call of duty tournaments more! 3v3 BO tomorrow!
I will definitely be there. #ilovearepas RT : nice group!! LET's Do it
Slacking on my tweet game.
ditto. We're just the messengers. Folks are gonna have to judge for themselves
A change of look... Moving the old website to Wordpress. Check it out and give us your input.
We should get a food truck in WFB ♥ (lol)
he is acting like it and never text me back
that's such a crime!
hahaha so true
Only place 2 watch sharks... Comfort of tha crib : Sitting here watching the end of Shark
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the video! i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video! RT if you agree!
sounds like a road trip might be in order!
great! Will shoot u an email this week and catch up. Good Sunday night!
YAY the #pirates won!
are you at kelly's?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he is one inspirational guy :)
RT : You're my favorite Boy Scout. <3 <3
#TallTomComment love it
Happy Friday everyone!
the BULGARIAN BELIEBERS ARE WAITING FOR YOU JUSTIN !!come to Bulgaria- ive heard will be..
(C) you dont see the smile i'm faking! You dont hear me crying every night... So shut up about me!
Play Your Favorite Music on Hand Held Devices - dvd videos music
“ Too much on my mind.”
Just got back from my date with Mila Kunis
I have not been, but clearly should be.
Two of my favorite topics! RT : Going to write about bacon and freedom now. Yes. Bacon and freedom.
you need to see the diffrence between love and hate bro I said I HATE you not I LOVE YOU get yo shit straight homie :)
You are on fire, so inspiring to read!
Ah ok, entiendo....
We miss you...stop by next time you're in town!
Hi Tom, you're pretty awesome! I think your the best host on TV!! I wish I could be on DWTS but im not a star.... YET!
1st scoring play a safety. Lots of losing bets then
Happy Tuesday )
your new twitter pic is so pretty :)
best quote of #aea09 imo... "I have no idea if this is useful, but we'll never know unless we try"
I agree - it was one of my favorites.
- on top of it. Just did. We are all good. No wait list. Said they will be ready for us to pick up at noon on Thurs
Mentions are dead. Someone wanna change that?(:
Like when you feel like venting on a public forum... but you DON'T.
No problem! Thanks, man!
when are you coming to new york?
If your not giving 100%, then... what's the point?
When you stop for coffee in the morning bring a resuable mug from home, refills are cheaper and there's no trash to throw away!
For me I like Jem better :D
I sure hope your live tweeting again tonight!
Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it...
I'm not a huge Ex-Im fan (or a Solyndra hater), but to be fair, former doesn't post losses. apples & oranges.
ok, so i totally missed what this was about. Need to watch my twitter better. Milton Berle?
Yup! Aint he sexy!?
Grantwriting workshop. Good prep for a future grants subject guide?
Great run in DC I could get used to this... Home is where the heart is
Duke was down by 10 points with less than 2 minutes left and came back to win over UNC at UNC. Proof you should never give up. Never.
you're early! 4.1.12 is days away.
Work later
Juicy Pear is the best Jelly Belly flavor. It says that in the Bible.
AAT not suitable (pun!)? Its entries match how I would define these garments.
Let me grab my helmet. RT : National High 5 Day. Or, we can try a headbutt.
Whenever retweeted, the rocky theme song should automatically start playing from your phone or computer so strangers can know you're awesome
what are you talking about? O.o
I agree! Spurs before chelsea and Newcastle... Arsenal can rot in hell
Nice tie. Thanks for the follow dude.
Doing it up w/ the staff. These guys rock! And we're actually getting some work done!
Hogzilla, Burger & Beer Joint, Chow Down Grill, Primo Pizza, Cheeseburger Baby
Too much talent in the end. Oh and I hope Davis gets his grill fixed in the next couple years!
hey i just met you and this is crazy but we're on the team too so pass it maybe -Kobe's teammates.
Those late night convos when everything comes out >>>>
Good look! ": Finished my Psych Paper now on to my marketing paper- 20 friggin pages of fun! lol -_-"
How about you do your self a favor & close your legs & your mouth , everyones sick of that nasttyy shiit.
My first gettn my name tatted on him lol :)
Unbearable! Sending hugs & zen vibes your way!
My Sister Is An Weirdo. Them Hormones Ain't Shit
Disappointed in you.
"So I had to go in of course, there were bubbles coming from the place" haha funniest thing I've heard in a while.
not to mention Newsweek's cover...oh well, they gotta make a living somehow!
AVR is getting it together! Soon we will have shirts to sell so anyone interested should give us a shout and we'll be happy to sell you one.
checkout www.mastermehrdad.com
We want to welcome Andria "LIVES" Servin to the Pony Productions Street Team. Go add her, follow her and tell her hi!!! ~R~
If you retweet one of our tweets, we'll retweet one of yours' -we're down to help
love how I lost 10 followers for a little mistake I stupidly forgot. Great.
#insomnia is a bitch! Ugh! Maybe one day I won't sleep like a vampire anymore...
Heavy heart tonight. A lot of stuff and certain people on my mind tonight. I love you so much
Hey, look the Royals are pretending to be the Red Sox. Isn't that cute?
My guess is it's some copyright thing, like they can't use our logo unless they alter it... (even if it's not our logo anymore)
Future never speak in complete sentences ...
we followed :D
Omg 2 days.
SCORE!! OH LETS GO RANGERS!! I was yelling saying SHOOT THAT SHIT & it happened..now the caps scored SHIT!!
A late-period obvious tripping penalty on Quick is a "good non-call." Huh.
They was wrong when they said there's nothin new under the sun because everything has not been done
I'll have the strawberry one.
Free for the moment..
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on Summer time.
RT : Another wonderful #LATFOB comes to a close! Congratulations, , it's officially cake time. // MARET ROCKS!
Omg!! fucking sucks..fucking douchebags. Never watching that channel again.
Bison shortage in the UK. Time to move across the pond...
what, really? ;o
Spinning tonight at DAVID BARTON GYM on Miami Beach
My bf was at the Unchained Tour this evening (think: The Moth) AND I AM SO JEALOUS
Awesome! Me too RT : yup going strong and looking leaner!
ESPN NCAAF - Oregonian: RB LaMichael James will forgo senior season at Oregon, enter 2012 NFL Draft
so if you add up the costs of going to the salon, it pays for itself. My nails came out great, too!
:o who?? It was probably me
Trying to die RT : You wildin RT : Drinking Henny on a empty stomach !!!!!!✊✊✊✊✊
why so depressed?
I miss 80 degree weather.
With all these quakes, shake your case with an Expert Witness! www.freereferral.com
Stressing praying my friend ok btw Norweign is the worst hospital in america
they shouldn't, the pro. Teams & city's benefit, all the fans do is pay, pay & pay again. Not fair!
The theme announcement for 2012 show is next week. Can't wait for you to see the artwork
Wait why am I on the bus?
wheres my baby
Too much social networking can deprive you of a social life.
I need at least 200 followers to beat my friend by December. Can you help?(:
Let's try this to again. Katia growing in size faster than
Where do you recommend eating on your first trip to Ann Arbor? Going to my first ever game at the Big House.
hey steve how are you
compared to last week, this was, in fact, short.
did you get Jackpot from a breeder .
;* kisses to the barbz
WOW.... Now that's a cover!
Playstation Network right now is doing the most
Advanced Mailing Services ~ serving the Albuquerque area since 1992.
Leaving #M1GS in SF way more disgusted than inspired. Maybe should have gone to Oakland after all.
That's da bomb.
listened to the full song #turntoyou it's beyond amazing such strong words #muchlove♥
I remember at this time last year, I was in Dallas eating and chilling with Andre Miller when they came to Dallas for the playoffs. Cool guy
Thanks for the recent follow, folks.
We should meet up during breaks & before & after !
I swear I wish I knew
Which I should've studied for, but I'm stupid and forgot my notes and stuff.
Crazy how people drop you and leave you on the ground like a penny
your welcome.
Lets Go Lions.. Make me proud!!
English teacher back down because I will go full throttle on you!!
I always keep a condom where ever I go because you never know
#36DAYS and counting (:
I like how my dad's tweet has been retweeted multiple times and is now all over Twitter thanks pap! Haha
So, happy! Nothing is going as planned ,but its amazing anyways :D
where about in Philly are you?
Nothing really good on tonight. Modern family tomorrow! Can't wait for terra nova and I'll watch new girl I guess. #2brokegirls was awesome
Just sent wittle mikey off to Washington DC for a week! This is weird...he is ALWAYS at home. Wah come back.
Calendar is filling up, y'all.
I am so blessed to have been a part of something so special for so long I hope I keep in touch with everyone Tonight was simply so much fun
I'm Tweeting on the go, now. Capitalism waits for no one.
oh, def! I have that album... yes, the album, somewhere at my Dad's house lol.
Thanks for getting the art show together this sat at Turquoise Cafe, we look forward to it!
I feel like Gates made "Baddest In The Building" for me & :))) lol
So if I drink 5 gallons of bourbon a year is that a lot?
terrible person you are
My band plays believable
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend: who try's to act just like you but completely suck at doing it
Let me be completely honest with you by saying you don't want me to be completely honest with you.
No problem, just play like I know you can and get a win!
We need more likes, go tell your friends to like us. Please!!!!!
Im taking life 1 day at a time...
I choose not to think of that scenario at this moment.
On my way to Wondercon. I am hungry. I hope there is food behind the Orange Curtain.
it's the Miller Lite Party Train, Carrie.....nighty night = ]
I rock wit ALL of the #LEM family know each other or not we cut from the same cloth believe in us all that all I need
yes i definitely that police work now is more dangerous than 10 yrs ago..there is much more crime happening now than b4
haha every episode twice? Thats awesome, we just started!
You know how I knew he made me really happy. Because when I got that chance to make everything better? You know I went for it(:
to you.
Yeah but now I'm pretty meh about it.
“Strange how a teapot can represent at the same time the comforts of solitude and the pleasures of company.” - Author Unknown
Off to MelCamp 3. Looking forward to 2 days of DH and Melville talks and workshops.
recovering from a wicked cold but I'm feeling up to writing tonight! Got another 1.5k words in addition to some research. You?
Hasted Kraeutler is pleased to announce it's participation in Pulse Miami, Dec 1-4, 2011
You seem to have made some fans with your #devlearn notes! Keep em coming =)
#2012NationalForum great sharing by Shelby County and their focus on student learning and literacy. Collaborative Success on so many levels!
I don't think we say "alas" enough anyway. Or "indeed".
Coffee is a definite priority this morning #tooearly 
I'll bet all that I can beg, borrow or steal that you couldn't play the radio as a youth.
I'm doing the same thing except the ski part!
RIP Whitney Houston
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!! COME CHECK US OUT FOR SPECIAL HOLIDAY RATES!! 678-377-0003
The fun part is going to be a)following people currently in the lobby & b)anticipating arrivals thanks to tweets.
Foligno is my new favorite
Thumbs up, thumbs down on the media going gaga over Lady Gaga being in Boston this week?
looking forward to a weekend staycation in rainy NYC. on another note, had weird dream about sexy aliens abducting me last night. hmm...
#10thingsidrelive can't think of any more...
Thanks girl appreciate the support
Sweet. God. did One Direction and I missed it. Thank god for TiVo.
RT OH: "Bordeaux? More like Bor-don't"
such a tease... Wish I could take your classes!
The 7-year-anniversary celebration continues tonight at Sutra Lounge with Rohit B, drummer Dholi P, and a special guest belly dancer!
doing well, been busy. Enjoying the gorgeous Chicago spring weather this yeat!
sometimes i imagine myself grabbing onto the outside of the train like in the movies.
Imagine you are a tiny figurine #shivanaut, flailing on the desk. Then grow yourself bigger. You are a giant flailing across the horizon.
tomorrows my birthday I'm gonna be 13. It would mean the world if you tweeted me happy birthday jillian (:
I'm well, just keeping busy with work and everything. How's school?
Checking out the reopening of the Belmont Branch Library this afternoon. Ready to have the neighborhood library back.
you're mad.
I just laugh at you. You
Wow...congrats man!
trying to start up the business
Fiscal conservatism + social liberalism? That's centrist Dems the past 20 yrs. Yeesh.
Justin Morneau (wrist) hopes to be activated from the disabled list when he's first eligible Wednesday.
Fucking winter my ass.
Away on vacation for some much needed R&R. Kauai is the most amazing, beautiful place to vacation! :)
Hahaha Mr. Officer was very interested in the bike. He had a lot of questions.... starting with the usual, "What heck is that?"
It's freakin stormin here!! I hate!!!
Hi Wes! I was wondering... Do u like Toby Keith? He is always looking 4 artists that write their own.
that depresses me immensely.
there r 3 seasons... 1-2 is on Netflix 3 u can watch online
ABOUT DAMN TIME! NOW LET'S GET JAKE HIS FIRST WIN! WE CAN DO THIS PHILLY! WALK IT OFF! #LETSGOPHILLIES !! !!! 8D
Line for keynote Seth Priebatsch starts on 3rd floor and he's speaking on the 4th floor. Crazy!
~ Sängrë by far the best Southern California Metal band to come out of the 90's!
I LOVE Mojitos, will definitely try some of this recipes!
And u suckk.
What a Journey...
The correspondents' dinner?
Me neither. But I'm loving the beer recipes so I ain't complainin.
u r so cute!
Basically like... status. What's the craic means what's up :)
That awkward moment; when no one else is laughing, except for you and you can’t stop.
Must stay awake through this last class....
Yeah, that would have been cool. And I bet people would have actually looked at the ads...
We're happy to be in the neighborhood!
Our sister site Easy Canvas Prints is hosting a Photo Contest Giveaway for the chance to win an 11"x14" canvas! Don't miss it!
haha! You can either use you second hand, a foot, or your forehead!
is HIRING CasePro is a Federal Contracting Company who hires Medical Professionals to work on US Navy and Army sites. Currently CasePro is…
There are so many kind an generous people in this community. I am so unbeleivably grateful to DC Theatre Scene for it's support over the p…
no, i don't wear gloves when i wash dishes
Chief Justice Roberts: "The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race." PICS 2007
I wanna see my broski :DD
I just woke up to Old McDonald had a farm playing from next door,now it's bingo the dog
We just made one and ate it and it was indeed very delicious!
might not wanna post that on twitter. lol
when are you coming here? It's miserable and wet
Oh, it's ok, thanks anyway :]
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what is happening out there so let us know!
LOL I love you.
I am quite pleased that is filing a formal complaint about the bitch i spoke with. twitter is totally useful!
I woke up in a very good mood!!! :)
so happy that ontop of hosting a party you guys were able to recycle glass/plastics and aluminum!
Get song " Girl I Used To Know" FREE on their facebook page and while your there ' like' their facebook page! Thanks! :) RT
Damn, i wish my dad could fly.
Just saw Horrible Bosses. More horrible than funny. Though definitely not complaining about Julie Bowen!
TREE INFO- Identify the problem b4 you treat! No brainer right? I get a lot of calls from people that want me to "spray". I ask "for what"
Students - why did YOU #studyabroad ?
Let's go #Bengals! This drive could define the season.
It's over:( truly over:( one thing you learn over 7 years is you never really learn anything you think you know a person but it's not true
thank u, Gina! it was a beautiful run, but a hot one! what a great day!
Don't forget our reception this Friday, May 6 from 6 to 8:30pm!
Just put finishing touches on my "internship by the numbers" speech for our intern going away dinner. Hope our interns enjoy it.
My corgi wearing jingle bells collar, barking & hanging out car window. Man at bus stop talking to him like he's Santa's elf.
Hello hello. I been doing this thing since the get go get go
Tune in at 7 to win tickets to and this Friday
Republicans believe that torture is a good thing, which explains why they keep paying Sarah Palin for speaking engagements
Chuck Pagano had more to say in his introductory press conference than Jim Caldwell had to say in his entire 3 years as head coach.
I want an avengers shirt !
What if I told you I think your #beautiful inside and outside?
I'm going to play the "can I get a run in before it rains" game
RT : "What's the nearest metro station to Georgetown." Answered with laughter.
Back to recording Sunday! New tunes coming soon!
and you two were a huge help today, hope you enjoyed #SLS12!
RT : If there is an attorney that understands social media better than - I want to meet him/her
busy and productive day...feels good to be making some good progress...now it is time for some decaf and relaxation
Cute couples<3
I'm as charming as a wet cat Bad morning to not have my car, umbrella or trench coat.
i love you, Cel! im sorry you are so tired today :( that was exhausting but its over and out. i cant wait to see you!
In a s/o mood!
Decosta: Christian Thompson visited Ravens, scouts got a lot of info on him.
What keeps me awake at night: What impact will JP Morgan's $2B trading loss have on #NYC's residential real estate market?
Some people suck...I mean REALLY suck.
Watching a live google+ hangout demo
just saw tjv and team htc out warming up. first climb today may be fugly.
“: So there's this girl. Shes beautiful, funny, has a great personality & guess what? She's reading this right now.♥”
Thanks man! RT : Listening to on ! Do what u love, love what u do. Do the Damn thing homie!
Lordy lordy, about time! ;-) Glad to have you riding with us, Chris!
HA how could you forget your cousins bday lol (: I'm freakn hungry
no. They looked gross
“ I wish i was in class right now”
Finally got some sleep after 2am- after the storm passed through, scary stuff.
New Jersey Delegation is checking in to APA State Leadership Conference (SLC). Follow the conversation at #SLC2012!
I think a 2 week gym hiatus is long enough....
Does anyone know of new twitter tools coming soon?
follow back plz!
A u-turn for Metcalfe, who had previously denied any notion of authentic blackness, was often viewed as Uncle Tom figure
So excited the learn there is a sequel to Wolf Hall. I will be checking my "Available Holds" obsessively starting.. now.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I hope everyone is being safe!
At the ICL breakfast Chancellor Patenaude states "the problem with great ideas is they generate hard work"
Merry Christmas, lovelies :3
I haven't even gotten myself past Thursday yet. Thinking about coming?
although I just found out that is an apocalyptic shit disturber and elephant trainer, I'm not surprised.
well, after I get off this bus from Boston to NYC, I plan on preparing materials about my feature film for my trip to Cannes!
You only have to set it to receive more than one response. I freeze my board so they can't see answers right away.
if you don't have Royal Trux or Boredoms, you can hardly claim to have "almost all of the recorded music on the planet."
U wanna move on my couch?? :)
I have used both Automapper and valueinjector. Automapper adds on extra line of code
Good Morning!
I hope to make it on Sunday!
With real Mongolian snow pls
...well? are we in bidness?
#kids Over the Moon – Puppet show at L.E.R. Schimelpfenig Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Over the Moon – Puppet show and craft. FREE All Ages
why not?
be sure to come meet, eat and tweet some
... But.. what if life is SO MUCH BETTER with you in it ? Hm?
Collin clearly connected with the ball before he took down the dude.
Yea right, your going on a day vacation for your birthday…BTW Happy Birthday Old Man!
PHOTOS PLEASE.
You Know , Use My Time Wisely . .
Nice! I am using the free trial and loving it so far.
RT i wish i could just hop on a plane and go to another country
what ever happened to Creppy Little White Girl? u should have her back on the show
Bring out the BTR, bro. (; Lol.
Adrian Gonzalez has his stroke down, 8 HR's so far with 8 outs in 1st round of Home Run Derby.
The cocktail w/Fino Sherry and Orange Bitters (name?) was a hit at #FamilyDinner last night- thx for the inspiration!
Awe, my chiquita is afraid of the lightning so she's hiding under my bed. So cute
Most wonderful time of the year... Love the holidays!!! <3
teaching my sister how to play untouchable on guitar. it feels so good to be better than her at something, especially what i love most.
Missing seeing you both!
Couple of days off in #Omaha. What is everyone doing?
Thanks for the tweet re Mr. Cardinal photo. Blog comments seem ok now.
"Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
Does anyone have a web series they watch on a regular basis? If so, which one?
are you a bot?
#mdcsymposium Do we need to raise awareness among students about their digital footprints (privacy, etc.)? How savvy are they?
Thanks! Yes, Gerima (whose work I love) and a host of others.
who's ready for a semantic debate?
"Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it." - Salvador Dali I need to remind myself constantly...it relieves stress.
HISTORY OF RAP! Jimmy Falon and Justin Timberlake. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE JIMMY FALON. Justin isn't bad either.
Someone in the office is watching/listening to every #Mac commercial ever made. Literally! Too funny.
are you gonna go on tour anytime soon?
Driving to a meeting I caught "Patience" start to finish on XM. Still think its one of the most moving songs ever.
If gas prices really do get up to $5 a gallon by the end of this year, hit me up if you want to fuck shit up.
The eve of my first half marathon
I have to work until 9:30 :(
Monday...madness! Anyone going through it?
I miss volleyball so much
the nutrition app on Android is broke yo. It tells me I've entered no food when I've entered a few items.
Welcome to new followers - makers of the very awesome Cocaine Cowboys documentary! SWEET!
WHY HIDE FROM YOURSELF
Many thought Measure L was a bad option, but its passage does show L.A. that people care about their libraries. Glad it passed!
Life is, more than anything, 10 minutes past 9.
Break That Single challenges all the indie artist to be their best do their best and give mainstream a run for their money.
Got plenty of sleep and I feel like I didn't even get an hours worth... 2 PowerPoint/presentations, exam, work then finally girls night
my resolution is to eat as much as possible so I will help u by helping me lol
Ugh I had to miss #SandersSunday :(((( hopefully pey recorded it
Can someone explain how it is 1600 EDT. I don't remember doing the time warp.
Getting my nerd on for tomorrow's feature Stay tuned!
I put people's feelings before mine sometimes when I know they wouldn't do the same for
I don't hate it. It just wasn't my favorite one.
-- do you offer #API access (at least) to your rank oriented data space?
My favorite part of traveling is seeing new things. taken time off to relax, and have fun.
You're about as cool as the side of the pillow I always use..
We love our Julians in the Dio of Chi!
Cincinnati. Time to learn to love chili.
ik and i would totally scream in fear. And excitement. my grandpa thinks i have ADHD.
Hi was wondering if you be interested in a freelance UX Arch position in Philly?
I'm never up at 2am, get outta here pneumonia
dang got work in the morning ! then pumpkin patch with mercy and
I hate that fake baby voice Courtney does. IMO This #bachelor just doesn't want to send the slut home b4 sealing the deal.
TFF really? I'm sure you mean thanks for following rather than the texting definition - confusing to many though - thanks
I totally love love Ariana more each second!!
Omg yes The Lucky One. Hes so hot. :D
I'm great love . So what have you been doing today?
Another day in reptile paradise. Human paradise, not so much. Unless U like 2 sweat buckets.Then it IS paradise 4 you U. Enjoying AC today.
thank you ... i just have so much to upload .. and double check.. whatthefrank needs 300 pages uploaded.. for example
just got a 3D copy of the Color Purple
Im Gettin Tatted Either Today Or Tommarow
hi Emma I'm a big fan. Thanks for following me;)
Thank you! So never an issue with Stubhub? Just got done reading reviews...kinda scary.
Hello SUPER MOON!!
Brown bag talk at the office I interned with in college.
RT : Embracing uncertainty is the key to creativity
I'm going to be in Kentucky the 1st thru the 4th :(
not everyone can be classy like us ;)
Celebrating! New Roommate is really cool.
Playing at Bentz Street Bar in Frederick, MD this Friday night. Come out and enjoy the funk!
I can't wait for your book #ACCELERATED to come out! I've always believed in the over-medication of Americans.. but kids too?
Oh Child! Things Are Gonna Get Easier!
- Who knows, he could be the next Jamie Moyer. I predict 3 more retirements/comebacks for Andy before his career is over
#eecms "go to" Content Management System
Getting ready for our NYC Trip in a few weeks...
Feelin like I got morning sickness or somethin :(.....where tf it come from that fast?
it's kind of late. What's out?
I Got My Vans On But They Look Like Sneakers.
welcome back, one of my first twitter pals! phone's dying; electricity's still out... resume convo tomorrow!
I bit into a soggy waffle today and thought of you! Loool.
I'm the bitch people go to when they got ashy skin. I can start a business. I would make that money. People are thirsty for some lotion.
Who wants a free #ShareHappy t-shirt! RT with #IWANTONE and we will pick a winner in the next 15 mins!
yeah may need to. Trying to avoid drugs
It is freezing in this house!!!! Turn on the heat!
ah you finally get to enjoy that glorious American pastime. What are you and Kurt watching first?
hey cool so this data analysis that i thought was going to be a total wash is actually coming up with some significant stuff AWESOME
thanks for the RT; and we have a couple of social media jobs open (hint-hint), call our Mpls. office.
Lunch need to hurry up in come, them sugar cookies calling my name
Happy Mother's Day to all bossa nova loving mom's today!
Sick of this cold weather in April. Where's the spring sunshine?
time to fly!
S/o for the follow!
My toe nail cracked :(
Misha Peric is working on the animations for this crazy little bot :-). Thanks for the hard work!
Im So Damn Tired Of This WHOLE Thing ... Flat Out!!.
#fml laptop tooks a shit and now it won't turn on
My power nap didn't help me stay awake in this class
You damn right I bought this juice box at Starbucks.
Legends. Don't. Die. At least he has a trend about him, you never will.
I was winking towards the macker tweet as in if you need an extra guy and/or cheerleader let me know
We're on the right now "Big Beef Paradise"!
but I LOVE YOU
Thanks so much for the follow, guys!
Thanks for the RT and for following us. Did you get a chance to try our delicious tortas yet? Saludos :)
Goodnight everyone! I love you all<3
Listening 'Professor Green - Remedy ft Ruth Anne LyricsHD' of '(null)'
Real anxious to see her, but I'ma remain patient...
Looks like another storm's comin
#FACT Thomas Eddison, (the guy who invented the light bulb) was afraid of the dark. #RETWEET? :)
hey Victoria i LOVE your show and i am so happy you won favorite tv show!!!!!!!!!!!
We love you lovin' our tee! It looks great on you BTW! Now all you need is a shotgun and a melee weapon, we'll bring crossbows.
Thanks to you as well!
Thanks Molly! Hello brettish!:) Nice taste in music, you have!:)
I be h8tin all right, hating the devils inside of you
how is that at all racist? If a player was from England and some one made a fish & chips joke no one would bat an eye.
I haven't spoken to you before or seen you have I ?
My dad just got club seats for the Ed Belfour Heritage Night game… March 25th cannot get here fast enough!
IT WAS PERFECT<3
I am heading to the bar for a glass of wine if anyone wants to join me! :)
| Nice note cards!
Just realized Bob from #Bobsburgers is the same voice as #Archer! They should put Archer on #FoxSundays instead of this crappy burger show!
I'm in more pain and I threw up today so idk if school tomorrow and if I do go then I get out of pe
if you add an ies to a word you drop the y.
Tax dollars hard at work... In Pittsburgh police spend all day investigating a murder scene; the murder scene... A MOVIE SET! LMAO!!!!
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”
haha aw. It was really funny! How'd you do in micro?
Congrats are in order to for advancing to round 2 of the NHL Playoffs with the #Flyers!
enjoyed the interview with #Adele. Only #live West Coast would be better.
Prize for best commute goes to the guy with the briefcase and tie who was skateboarding to work.
RT " should follow their the best fan in the world ---> " ONE request !!! ONE request!!!!
shut the he'll up
Is it normal if I go through one tube of mascara in a week?!?
I can't wait. I'm off to watch now. I can't wait to see how Kathryn's alive when her heart was in a box.
Shame, shame, shame on those who are distorting the life of "deceased" Prof. Derrick Bell. I applaud his widow, his students, his legacy!
haha maybe we can chill cuz ill be down here, july im moving :o
We sure as hell tried. Good effort from one of the best group of men to wear the crimson and blue ever.
biggest mistake that a girl could ever do... tell a boy she likes him cause they take it to a whole other level!
what's the matter JCJ?
I am not a morning person!
Hey buddy thank you for posting my video. I have a new one that i think you would love.
#iss2011 trying to think of deal breakers in digitization is complex
great pick!!
I am my thoughts & my actions are submissive to my thoughts.
Christina, can I book you for a birthday party? Please reply
I am pretty exhausted.
to teach cost-effective audience development strategies in the Odets during Get Your Print Books and E-Books Noticed
Tonight -WEIRDOWLKAROKE , 70'S&80'S NIGHT- RICHIE'S ALL STARS. WIN A FREE IPOD.Bud Light girls are Here. Bud Light Bottle $2.50
it wont work
no is not hahahah is annoying lol :P
Life has been crazy. Just trying to make it enjoyable. Transitioning well underway. One more week and the real fun begins.
is leading a seminar on enhancing online user experience.
seen the video to the new song...what's up on the remix?
Go follow
Friends: How many of us have them # Friends
wasn't he in the tape wit Kim K?
Hey thanks for signing up for the AT&T #mobilehackathon #education in Palo Alto!
87 degrees is the new 77 degrees.
According to , helps its grad fellows become "vaguely dangerous" in a number of different areas.
Two Sharpie references in the one tweet? Honestly! RT : Yes I went Sharpie on Florida. Earliest Sharpie of the tourney so far
quote from newspaper: When I Realized It Was All About Money, I Made Sure I Was In Control
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay that i trust someone
Oh I thought u did it on the iPhone. But still good to no 
Performing #Environmental Due Diligence is similar to being a doctor where the more you know the easier it is to treat the problem.
Indeed, but he was not nearly the hipsterest hipster there. I might give that title to the guy with Flock of Seagulls hair.
Lies!!!!! RT : #Cancer cannot handle multiple partners. They stick to one.
Got my quilt expanded by two rows yesterday and the inner border sewn on! Now for the outer border and QUILTING--dum dum dun!
All this years ACM winners are locked and loaded on
Never a dull moment in the #BBN my stomach aches and it's like it's the last part of a game on the edge of my seat for an announcement
How do I know who to connect to Gina ?
Hey You guys ! Follow , She helped with #Bring1DtoHawaii !
right on! thanks, see ya next time.
Current speakers: Sports- Journalism-
Waiting for Carol, so then I can go to the confra. c:
Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing your THIRD place Milwaukee #Brewers! Yay.
Last night there was a lot of mean muggin' and date grippin' lololol sorry bout it .
Beautiful! I need to go there now. RT #Ireland in Photos: on.natgeo.com/mYjMrP
Recognizing 's family at #hillman2012. His two daughters are here tonight.
You are the results of the greater ones decision. No adversary can stop you or harm you because you have already won and you are destined …
Dodger fans don't worry Andre Ethier will most likely remain a Dodger
Buffalo chicken soup! And the best rueben around?.stop in and find out.
Pondering movies for #hillyhundred weekend. Already screened Breaking Away, Chasing Legends, Flying Scotsman. Other recommendations?
“: Welcome home #roaddron.”<<< it's good to be home!!
Love you sis! It's been a blast chillin with you these last few weeks. I'm gonna miss you like WOAH!
Being sick on the weekend is the worst. :(
opens tomorrow and runs for a week! TY for the tweets and retweets. Looking forward to everyone seeing it!!
that's because your wrong a lot.
Zack Greinke is mowing down the
gonna be in the house tonight!
