I'm already packed!
Thanks for the video, btw. I'll take a closer look and maybe throw it on the site.
I'm a Colts fan..pal ;)
some family lives on W Eastwood , and then others live on Grand Ave in chicago.. chi has the best street names..
Commitment is never an act of moderation. -Kenneth G. Mills
If today wasn't my Friday it's quite possible that I would go crazy.
20 #ElkRiver hockey players interviewed as part of investigation against HS coach.
RT : Wade & Bron are the two best teammates! Durant & Westbrook are runners up!
damn bailey's got a nice bodaaaay
Agreed! She is making the show unbearable! ": Who else wonders why they even incorporated Nellie into ?"
I'm so very sorry.
RT : If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
I'm familiar with that, yes. which one (program, not officer)?
Pancakes? RT : The Mavs discussed how active Hickson has been. What do you think the Blazers breakfast table discussion was?
Thanks for helping get the word out. :)
get back to work...
We all have that one friend who's dad scares the shit out of you :x
Me neither!! I would love to have it before they come to the DMV area for their show!!! Hint, hint... :-)
I think Sagget is slimy. Not funny. His stand up is AWFUL.
Bet you not going to tell your boys about that one are you?
God Help me
RT : We are rebranding! Please follow our new twitter handle, We appreciate RT support.
wuddup brotha?!? I been working and snowboarding man. Hardly ever get on here anymore. Hows training going?
test test test learning how to tweet
RT Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Go to iTunes or Walmart and buy album "Tabloid Truth" if you don't ur missing out on HOT MUSIC!!!! Get there
I'm waiting to have my legs waxed for the 1st time - I'm scared
New extension Densify Arc for ArcMap from Kubilay has been approved. You may download from GIS Extensions Market Portal
Congratulations! I look forward to hearing you speak :-)
For those of you that share my love of fro-yo, get your fix for FREE Friday 4-8 at the new Yogurt Shack in Tualatin 19245 SW Martinazzi Ave
love this tweet. Lmao
or voting
catch a surprise?? Did you know it's CMU alumnus night at the game tonight?! Sec. 111. Bring the THUNDER!
Have been wondering all year what ABD stands for, and have finally come across the answer twice in the past two days. Neither via the U.
We wanna say a big WELCOME to DC this week!
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Yessir we did. It was nice to meet you as well. Great class. Hope to see ya again soon.
Washington #Huskies not getting in is a major disappointment.
they will easily make it. Thanks to Pardhu baava!!
I agree! Sure am! Great performances so far...
I got an LOL from my professor on the Blackboard forums. It is amazing the way you can overanalyze such things.
Follow , one of editors, who is reporting from #VATech Press Conference
MB look good..
Morning Gourmet Asian dish hope you have productive fortune cookie filled day
Tyler and I will be there sat and sun :)
I really can't afford to lose anymore weight. I've never been this tiny before...
I like someone and I just feel like giving up on him cause he don't even like me......well idk that for sure but yeah
Don't miss the final two 'Septime Webre's The Nutcracker' shows at at 11AM and 3:30PM today! :-)
EVERYONE please follow my friend she will follow back, I promise. pleasee?
RT:"ARRESTS happening now. Our city does not stand up for our right to free speech. #occupycincy #ows"
RT if you love Justin Bieber more than Selena. (follow me, I follow back)
Another one bites the dust.
#sheISthebest if her name is christi. ;)
lol my moms used to it..she talks about it too(y)
you got me nigga... I thought you were my boy
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels. - Faith Whittlesey
that'd be rad! we love you!
Congrats to the winners of the flier contest in San Diego!!! Free passes to the show and some free goodies, not bad.
So damn true! RT Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
I gotta show I need a hype man to help
Ooh snap...so we should b haven a baby within these next 2weeks right??
On behalf of the Harriet Fulbright College (HFC), we would like to wish HFC`s teachers,students and friends of HFC a joyous Thanksgiving.
is the most inspiring person! Literally a role model, my father figure! #SK Movement!!!
fuck yes I bounce my ass ;)
This sandwich >>>>
having the best meet i've had in a really long time! so excited that all the hard work is finally starting to pay off! :)
School school school And today Monday -.-
i enjoy reading your political opinions haha
Yes how are you doing? Right now it is snowing out and very icy. I hate cold weather
OMG Andre is playing out of his mind...so fun to watch
So just logged in and had 50 new followers not really sure how but thanks guys:D...
I'll rephrase. B, due to the fact that the E2 mechanism requires an anti-periplanar beta-H
Yea, if he ever wakes up from any of HIS
that Corporate Communism is destroying this country, but you keep buying crap from Wal-mart destroying small businsses/your local economy.
That iam on joint with lupe,big boi,wale, wiz,n trea the truth is cold they all killed it
pisses me off when dogs won't even sit down for a picture, ugh!.
Thanks, we are happy to help! RT Thank you for the carry out that filled the hole in my soul this eve.
I don't see why they didn't cast Justin Hartley as the Green Arrow next season, but it's nice they're bringing Kristen Kruek back to the CW.
UC Berkeley does, but I'm looking for a community thing. maybe I can recruit, though.
You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.
#ImagineMB *You're sick and have sweats on and you hair is messy* prod:Your BEAUTIFUL! U:bu- prod:what did I say! ;)
Madison Pharmacy Associates – eating soybeans, soy nuts, soymilk, or tofu can help protect against bone loss.
Big fire in elderly apts at Center and Cathedral. Whole pane of glass blew out and smashed on car. One guy down hit with glass. Rained on us
take action, quit honing the business plan and get out there
yes confirming next thurs @ 2p. Our email went down fri & they are working on it
I assume creating a Google Calendar invite, reoccurring yrly, for your birthday and only inviting one person is passive aggressive, no?
sending creative vibes your way for tomorrow... finishing up a week of vacation & I've always been a night owl.
thanks anyway :) u're the best.. RT : aww happy happy birthday! Have a great day :D
I don't think so moosh mommy
At Christmas & Mom's day: "Give a gift she won't have to dust or feed. Call to purchase a Gift Cert. now <--my fav
HE IS A Wonder! You Were Created In His Image And After His Likeness...I Guess That Makes You A Wonder Too! (dgr)
I'm still shocked to have learned years ago the original Hamtaro is 296 episodes.
so i was asked my one of the men that i talk to about dating what woman really want so i came up with a list
Can't believe it's the last full week of school.
I know that i say this every year, but this is the worst new years EVER
yup, and yup lol were you looking for extra income or something?
Aw, thanks, Shaun! Did you all have fun in Chicago?
“Feeling important makes one heavy, clumsy and vain. To be a warrior one needs to be light and fluid.”~ Carlos Castaneda
the amazing , the song is called Get Right. (We're partial to him since he's from OK.)
Only redeeming thing?....How many pay per views have you seen?
Thanks for the reassurance.
#bcn09seodesign session in the Karma room is packed!
RT“: #Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt "Acquiring Peyton Manning is no longer an option for us." #PeytonWatch”
you were a phils fan? Did you stop??
Im not trying to hate, i have a REAL question for you, doesn't it suck knowing you can't sing good without auto-tune?
top three biggest sport stories of 2011. 1) Penn State 2) NFL lockout 3) Tebow Take care Brickster!
Yu welcome.. I'm da one who shoulda been sleep.. got a interview and work todayy.. at 2 an at 3
Black is the color of all cancers anyway. We need a cure not a color.
“...inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.” ― Terry Pratchett
Dress for the day: White shorts and out new orange and white polos!
Golf pro who likes West Side Story? My kinda guy. New follower!
Today in 1960, April 13 – the first U.S. navigational satellite was placed in a north-south polar orbit
Thanks man!
Im pumped about ur signing in Nashville! Are we allowed to get pictures with u!! :)
Can Thursday be over?! Running a mile then softball practice. 😒🔫
Good times fellas! “: Catching up with and in Naples”
“: thanks for keeping me safe in your arms 💗” You're mad at me 4 the Bachelorette but you put this mush on Twitter?
Rock your weekend! : )
NO! But I am officially amazed and happy that someone already addressed this idea!
My Body Tired As Hell!!
Road trip on Friday! Woo!
I'd lie and say that your not on my mind
welcome my friend
"I'm saying believe in magic you Muggle!"- Howard
Rick Perry seems to have a Medieval agenda; keep women down, keep people dumb and pray to invisible sources for unlikely answers.
take away the stigma and ensure that getting psychological help won't end your career
love it
: says it is more than he presented to I'm at #JCMOSoMe class right now, very informative
Any video of that?
looks to be right up our alley! pm me with your email
Mention of THE RAVEN movie curdles my soul. How did two men I love--John Cusack & Edgar Allan Poe--come together in such a marriage of suck?
excited to be accepted to the American Humor Studies Association panel at
Congrats, you beat the 17th place team at home with a man advantage. Would you like a trophy?
your grilled vegetables list is incomplete without onions!
Building form to capture input, validate data, then off to save results to database for new feature.
Welcome Myrtle Beach appointmentlink.com
Plenty of #skills and #jobs postings going up #nationwide. Thanks for the
Holiday playing the role of Teague. W/ Bradley out of the lineup (for now), can Rondo slow him up?
OMG. A Bean ottoman??? I might need a photo. lol
Lol I'm seriously trying to find me a girl to kick it with this summer. Imma have a car, prob not a job though lol.
What a fine morning it is. To go back to bed.
I love the Cars movies so much.
Good point. I will strive to ask better questions.
Decided to end the week watching Star Trek! Damn Abrams and his lens flares!!
finally in Idaho! Already missing . :( but on the plus side I'm not sitting on a plane and I can finally feel my butt! 😊
Aha Fuuuuuckkkk Sounds Like Someone Got Lifte Aha.
I need to go to the bank tomorrow.
bro i like ur background is so cute^-^
Shit. I painted my nails on one hand and now i dont wanna do the other hand -.-
Looking forward to seeing you!
I'm psyched! juliaroy, who I consider a twitter bigshot is following me. Thanks Julia.
So many black lights in one room...
should have designed that in Atlanta, right? It goes with the standards...
Today I'm feeling absolutely lazy. I may pay for this later this week, but I just don't want to work. :-/
Wow, didn't expect that, Don.
Chandler Harnish shouldn't be worried. Tom Brady was Mr. Irrelevant too! Keep your chin up, kid. :D
Screw it the wife wins!
right now, i have little/no hope, so i guess im resigned to loving a loser.
Sweet!! Because all I do is read my tweets from my phone on stage!!
i wanna date him
Yes I can, I'm taller than you! >:D
well obviously or we'd all be stuck in never ending relentless conversations consisting of mostly boring ass people.
Tom Morello says #hillman2012 crowd clapped rhythmically and in time. Against all odds and predictions at
who you calling chica, my african $_438wuctrvtoweuSuuA
Epic fail... Tripped and fell on my butt trying to get out of a booth ... Oh gosh. Lord, please help me. (: haha
I need more followers.../: anyone wanna gimme a shoutout?(:
Ambassador Susan E. Rice, U.S. Permanent Representative to the UN, will be the speaker for Ohio State University’s spring commencement.
Working on a great new job opportunity with a commercial construction company. It should be a great opportunity for the right candidate.
It would be great if you wrote about the event - feel free to ask us any questions you might have! :)
I still say Bulls weak az hell even wit D.Ross
He said I am #1 Cause 2 is not a winner & 3 nobody remembers :)
You should try the Twist Aid. Unreal new product for opening bottles. Orangina would be easy.
Ask: what will you do differently once I give you that data? Educate or stop.
Our favorite lion dance troope has retired (sigh). Any suggestions?
#ilovealltimelowbecause I've met amazing people through them. People who share their umbrella with strangers on a rainy day d:
RT : FLX REDC just like one big frat, says co chair Danny Wegman.
things are changing in academic publishing. We're working tirelessly to allow anyone to manage and publish their own journals
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 7
Back on the right track with him . I can never stop lovin my charm man =)
Gotcha... I'll catch you at one of these games...
Wow ok i didn't follow anymore ppl so what the hell??!?
hopefully i also find a way to weasel my way into the music business, emphasis on the business.
I say fuck bitches then I fuck bitches and after I fuck bitches I be like yo fuck bitches
Bought 3 new scripts and the January edition of American Theatre magazine yesterday. Lets do this
Everyone should have the equal chance for all great opportunities.
Looking for a tasty promotion? Why not imprinted lollipops ?
haha guess jus a personal preference. i dont like the ps3 controller... the downside to xbox tho is lives not free. tht it tho
I am what I am , and guess what that's pretty Fucking cool/good... Believe that
Amen, my friend. BIG trouble...
evidence emerging that #tech has benefitted the medical practice...lowers admin time, allows more time to treat patients.
Avoid going outdoors at the highest pollen times, typically early morning to mid-afternoon, or when it’s dry and windy.
The Risk Summary Report is great for #Commercial Lenders so you find out if the site potentially has any hazards prior to starting the loan
CWCC sends a big welcome to our newest members of the chamber:
no problem !!! and happy birth day ... ure lucky to tweet u
nike air yeezys for the low factory direct deling hear to the next 500 $100 a pair to email us at 13
Just saw Al Roker grocery shopping at Whole Foods in Columbus Circle
I like this song, i like Avril! :)
Today Chupacabra is in Chinatown, right by Urban Outfitters. I know you think you are over it already but Pitchfork totally gave us a 9.3.
#GoTribe Going to miss the game today but I'll be cheering at work!
So much hearing loss. :/
c'mon you redss well get chelsey next time we still rock x
Super excited that my bother was hanging out at the 1st EVER White House poetry event with Barack, Michelle and the girls. Go Poetri!!!
Just spoiled myself on #Glee, which even though I don't care about spoilers or, you know, Glee, gives me just… zero reason to watch it.
Sorry Daniel! It's a bar, so it's 21+. Catch up with us at the conf before the event and we'll give you an iPad giveaway ticket.
I have good memory I don't forget what's your plans
Good morning!! Let's do this!!
To play a beautiful song for two people or a thousand is the same song, &the amount of thanks you receive isn't part of that song.-SethGodin
Thanks for the broadcast :)
I dont know what that was. :(
Who would you put on the ?
thank you baby! It's going to be pretty fucking great because you are coming over, right now! 😜
if you think you cant make vlogs, you should see the thing i just made... It is pure fuckery
~ Thanks for the retweet!
Green Lantern is very legit in 3D, and an empty theater makes it better
Your hair is becoming too straight gay boy, too straight!!
females who lie about gettin dwn. its ok if u a freak, b 100. u luv suckin dick. i love that u love 2 do it
Trust in God at all times, my people. Tell him all your troubles, for he is our refuge. -Psalm 62:8, GNT
that is so exciting! Good luck with everything! I can't wait to hear all about it.
I think libraries just need to come to terms and understand this: We don't run these places. The people do.
We will be there serving our delicious Hawaiian Poke Bowls #ahi #salmon #tofu over rice or spring mix! We are very exited!!!
Im Starting mY OWn business....what kind Advice to have for me????
Dam OKC Did Work Tonight !
is your heart broken ? how do you feel about me now ? ♥
no sorry :{
Wishing much #funinthesun to and the phenoms in training at his youth clinic today! Gorgeous day in Hawaii nei!
No. 8 was my 1st & it was fantastic. It should be worth every sec MT : At my first #ignitedc and hoping it is worth the time
You're welcome, Baltimore.
In the 11/17 edition of Venable's Ad Law News & Analysis: State AGs on #FourLoko, on internet self reg, CA supply chain law.
Celts !!! Sox ! Time for Celts to end this series , and get rested. Sox, one word; Will
why not?
2 hrs of sleep & now I'm in bed! Nappy times are the best!!
Astro-Med Introduces New 18-Channel Data Acquisition System
Have some fun together & enjoy a seasonal sporting event! Buy some peanuts & crackerjacks & hit a baseball game together.
I'm miss lying in his arms
Would it be rude of me to ask the arguing couple across the way to speak up so I can hear everything and not just the yelling bits?
I'm tired of being what u expect me to do
I wish all this spam saying "make money by tweeting" was real. That'd be a legit af job
Nothing like some delicious chicken legs :P
Here's to hoping that radio trends start shifting to something good. Cheers!
I need to watch that and Avatar. So behind.
You know I'm not lying! You've seen the too-tight suit before.
is wandering.
come on guys keep tweeting Get Austin Mahone Verified its trending in the US already!
My name is Stephanie Mullins, . I would like to be entered in your #Giveaway! Ty...I need to #Win! :D
Oh yeah, at a family function & everyone decided to leave me. Cool. Just ready to leave.
Thanks for the shout out I mean Tweet! We greatly appreciate it Thanks again for coming out :).
There are only so many things a kind heart can take.
How bout them #Heat !!
didn't you post an article about the #sandiego #realestate markets that have come back the most? I'm trying to locate it.
Xcel Energy Center says Katy Perry concert scheduled for Saturday postponed to August 23 due to illness.
hopefully super soon we can! i am glad she wants to learn : )
In the Game of Thrones you win or you die.
#Firefox, your inspector is fucking useless if I can't cut and paste some of the bizarre CSS declarations I have to deal with.
RT : . put on a cool panel discussion on Artist Residencies tonight. always love their events.
well-founded!!! People should have to retest for their license! My grandpa has parkinsen's & can't walk but is legal to drive!
having a blast with ma friends(:...!!<3 got to love them<3
One of the most boring halves I have seen in a long time.
Replies to everyone but me.... 😔
we must be brothers in the prognosticating bidness!! Saints and Pats for me too. Brady will be a surgeon today
yeah, he waited at her bus stop for her and then swung at her. And then he left and followed her home to do the same thing.
Can you get a JLPN? My Dad still drops Not jokes like it was 1990 I may need to start bringing those back into my rotation. Not
do you wanna come Turkey ? :)
#M83 tonight so excited love my
love your song huge fan :D
You can tell I have been playing around with computers tonight.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
Finally figured out why 's voice haunts me when I listen to .... like getting coding advice from #Snape! :)
I teach the Ides of March to my 6th graders, and they are NEVER bored.
Learning new ways to think about biz models with Tim Clark author at w and
Exactly. Gender is just an idea, right? Bring on the Brylcreem!
Could have been at the end like Stan's cameo. A Daily Bugle scene with Jameson barking at Parker to get photos of the Avengers.
yes! How do I proceed!?
Half hour until tonight's PSO concert with Andre Previn. Didn't get a ticket? Tune into Classical QED 89.3 at 8
its ok, I'm in town all the time but your exam on basic psychology is prob really important.
we have had some group coupons and are located in downtown Columbus!
We got in! Good to see you. Safe travels! RT : I'm gonna get my boy and raise some hell tho at some point this wknd…
If you're in Tel Aviv tonight, go! RT :"Protest against Israel's new anti-democratic laws will take place in Tel Aviv at 7PM"
Netflix on twitter. I doubt theres going to be credits for this movie..
yeah its corny
Payed on the same day. How nice is that.!
#WhyDoHoes like to act slutty, and wear not enough clothes.
my people u can make A sandwhich what good is the sandwhich if u anit got no bread $$$$$
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I think STL got to0 clever trading down and missed on guys that could meaningfully help the offense. They need Oline and WR help in 2nd/3rd
great! we are meeting at at 5 am and walking downtown if you want to do that wih us!
hopefully things would be better by having women asking me for dates since almost at rock bottom
East Lansing for the night, flight to DC in the morning.
Anytime you feel alone put on your headphones.. #Music <3
Letter Home
's new song #boyfriend is out of the roof! its the best song ever!! (: <3
Appreciate it :)
not if they keep playon the way they did last night that shit was sloppy KD, Westbrook, and Harden took notes & dominated
RT : I'll sum up my 1st experience like this: Go for the beer list, stay for the tater tots. NOM OM OM. Well done!
My black kitten (not so kitten anymore!) is sitting very prettily on the chair next to me... asleep. She looks so posed and poised. Love.
needs to answer my calls sometimes D:
Sunday I am taking a ME day and going shopping in the city alone :)
WIthout TV, I would have no idea who Mel Tormé is.
So terrorists were planning to blow up the casino? Well good thing they were caught I need this job.
taco time
ahhaha that's okay ;)
Thanks! Off to a good start! Digging for Dinosaur Bones. “: Have fun! RT We were headed to the Zoo, but it is too cold.
thanks Kyle! got it
Noop u can't come back! I would rather b alone then live a lie with u!
When you know someone's not interested and that they're just acting like they are.
Hey everyone, stay tuned we have a NEW VIDEO headed your way today!
oh, yes, i totally forgot about it! thanks!
your a guy right? dont answer that. How do ou know if someonelikes you?
No, you look way better...
Writing style is High falutin flower arranging
: If you see this will you PLEASE FOLLOW ME & RT THIS (: ? Loveyou (:
RT Whenever there is injustice in the world, Americans will rise up and retweet a hashtag.
I've wasted an afternoon trying to restore an iPhoto library from Time Machine. Grrrrrr … still not there.
Thank you for the mention. Sure hope you recover from that stomach virus quickly. Drink lots of water! Get well soon! :)
If my recent predictions are any indication, Man U will probably win 5-0, but tonight I'm calling: Man City 2, Man Utd 1
Should do a time lapse on this conversion Brad. Would be very cool.
new favorite: earl grey ice cream.
I'm watching High School musical. Yeah. Be #jealous :)
any fake boozy in scene study?
yeah the black jelly bean liquorish is gross.not my type of candy#just had a to say now that i was eating jelly beans..:O)LO via
love it.
Actually I just had a good bite...completely wrapped in a corn tortilla with the hottest green chile on the planet.
Who takes shower-baths? (a shower sitting down)
Watching Titanic about to cry looking at Jack and Rose
You can watch the entire pilot episode of "Nurse Jackie" free on youtube
RT ClaireInParis: What we need is a new Red Cross. For netizens in danger. NOT linked to gov.
Also started "The Other Daughter"....very intriguing so far!
We've got a feeling that this is Day's Major as well. Don't see the American's ending the losing streak this week.
Damn it Cubs... Would have been fun to see this go on into the night.
still doing my homework on him. But he looks like a special teams guy
Panasonic TX-L42ET5 TV review - MSN Tech &amp; Gadget UK
uh ohh...... im confused :P You just randomly tweeted at me and you don't even know who I am???? Haha
Excited to use the new user interface!! Bring it on!
for the win!!!
Red clover is used to treat a number of medical conditions, including cancer and skin inflammations, such as psoriasis and eczema.
On 8/22/97, I left on a training assignment to India, where this picture was taken on 8/31/97. I felt blessed meeting BLESSED MOTHER TERESA!
come on Dan! "BCE"? "ACE"? Why the fear of recognizing the "common era" is the Christian era? "AD" and "BC" are correct!
Lots to do, lots more new work. Its a fun time.
Puppy arrives Saturday! Many a photo to follow. Can't wait to hear all about your fab get-away & ringing in 2012 w/ HtheSixth!
Day one of the #Piranha3DD mix on Monkeyland's B Stage. Kelly V and Mark Rozett manning the mix!
My first film "Lake House Leopard Escape" followed closely by "Suburban Sasquatch"
#shoutout to my newest follower
my workout tonight included making oatmeal & a grilled cheese. Now doing a cool down w a mt dew & kettle corn.
dope. All I do is work I wish I never left college. Getting old is the pits but Im able to support myself so no complaints
& : Per the FB/Instagram news, if can help in studio, just let me know:
& I don't want the world to see me cause I don't think that they'd understand.
#wewontwork if you feel 30 seconds is too long to wait for a text back
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! We'll never be able to thank you enough for what you do!
add Daddy Yankee. he has a twitter.
I refuse to teach Musiq Soulchild how to love.
Listening to 's song BAD :) i love ur voice Gen <3
hey have you guys ever done a piece that provides data on american middle/high school students knowledge of US history?
These words are my own.
Just stupid stuff :P
Maybe the State Asshole
#Royals split 4 game series with #NewYork. 3 game series vs #Boston begins tomorrow.
Haha, well, by the looks of it, iPhone. As long as business uses BB, you'll be safe. =)
Hope that today is a great day i just hope(:
": We Spared Them Life Lol...Next Game It's OVER"<="WE" since when did u become a fuckin CLIPPERS fan?!?!?!?
Anti-hipster is the new hipster.
Spotted getting soupy:::RT : I see sweet little on while we wait for class. :)
#nowplaying ignorance by
thx fam..ima get at u when i can handle talkin bout it. Preciate that.
Having a great time visiting the family in CO.
u dont wanna be the man?
trying to get our numbers up for upcoming mobile media project for the galleries. Pls follow #txst_gallery and stay tuned
Ha! "Yes" is our answer. If it's San Diego County construction, you can only get it all - and first - from Building Velocity.
Justice is truth in action. - Benjamin Disraeli
I have jury duty next week :(
I can't decide on a dp now haha they're all so fucking cute.
...unless you're taking me to Disney World... I'm quitting
Question for my IT savvy followers: best inexpensive tablet and EASY to use apps (e.g.streaming tv) for 86 year old guy ( my dad)? Thx
Some people search for love. Some for money. I'm just searching for that shower experience that people have in the shampoo commercials.
Is it me or do the names of #IPL teams sound a lot like cigarette brands?
Thanks so much for all your support. You've been with us since the very beginning and we really appreciate you.--
Britty's Tattoo view - UAB Kaleidoscope
Sometimes when a girl pushes you away, she's really fighting for you to pull her closer. Don't let a good girl go.
Don't you have some sort of homework or studying to be doing?
Merry Christmas Everybody hope everybody has a Great and Blessed Day God bless!!
"God I am single as fuck."
At the courthouse for my bf's court thing In the lobby there's marriage license apps I say -let's get married All I want is to marry a felon
Thanks for saying nice things about my blog, Anthony. What do you think of the name World-Voices?
Loving today - they have some really nice schwag (Gunnerkrigg Court! QC!), and they have responsive & great customer service. <3
cripes, how could I forget.
Lots of #PackPride in alumni turned author, Tami Hotard, on her newest book, Big Charity, about
Over 60 after shocks in Tokyo, as high as 6.0 and lasting as long as 3 minutes long.
Don't forget to reapply for NYU Housing (current students) by today! Apply through NYUHome....and apply for Special Interest Housing too :)
Billy Crystal makes me feel like I felt when Bob Hope dressed up like The Fonz or Luke Skywalker.
yeah the family I nanny for is going out of town this weekend and since there's always leftovers I made them early this week.
Aww thanx for the love home-slice. :) Love ya honey.
North Korea has their own Johnny Mountain?!?!
I hate that LOUISVILLE GETS OVER LOOKED TALENT WISE ! IF YOU DON'T LIKE LOUISVILLE FUCK YOU ! COME SEE ME ! I'M TRIED OF THIS SHIT !!!
feeling like a goddess after restoring two computers w/ blue screen of death
I've been dreaming of you every single day, but when I wake up I still have nothing
thanks! we hope to see you! and black coffee is one of our favorites to play :)
we're back. ;) we should get together. ;)
Follow us to help reunite lost Indy and surrounding area pets with their owners.
A bunch of assholes at Buffalo Wild Wings are all thinking they took this game into overtime
Today is a rare day where I'd rather rip my eyes out than do my work. Not enjoying the ride today. Thankfully this doesn't happen too often.
Meh. Waking up doesn't sound appeasing.
#WOTD: RT : announces their latest album 'The Whole Love' will be available on April 31...On player piano roll.
what does Kyle make you for lunch? Maybe we should share ideas to each other??? I've got some mad sandwiching skills!
no dont worry i believe u
I'm so tired!
When you said "Carlos the doorman" thought you were joking about v.o. character from TV #sitcom "Rhoda". That was "Carlton".
The Meaty Part of The Line Up...
people change.
Yes Always De
your quite welcome:)
Only one tweet? Gotta keep up kevin! Lol
I love my Mom 💘
returns for a special I AM Industry Monday Night only As always - Free Cover! $2 Shots, $3 Beers, and $5...
we loved having you! Thanks for the great performance!
Wondering how much , is listening to right now?
As long as Koivu and Heatley are still on the line together, they should be all right.
Check out these 25 hot movie releases from Thanksgiving to January!
I chased the rains down in Big Africa #SKC 3-0
Treat your girl with respect, not like shit
Kids are hilarious! Hahahahahah :)
I know so many different kinds of dinosaurs because I memorized the Dinosaur Rap from
my name is Queenie yeung. & yours ?
The difference between Firefly and the Republican debates? One presents a future where government crushes dissent. The other was canceled.
thank you
please include the @ if possible. again thank you.
this guy is a bum he is soft like a cup cake
Killer crowd, exciting speakers, packed house 's Social Business Summit 2012 | RIO
I wholeheartedly agree with you! I hope we are doing our part in helping it be more awesome!
I saw a big ol’ mangy tom cat beat the sh*t out of another cat last night. It was not nearly as sexy as I thought it would be.
its but ill take that lol
Take care of your character and your reputation will take care of itself.
I'm trying haha
Haha. We'll keep our eyes peeled.
So ig let them bieber tweets begin , ik they're coming since his birthdays tomorrow /: lol
haiyaaa : D how're you doin?
Planning for our trip to Hawaii next week
Sometimes. I really just want to punch you in the face. -.-
speaking of #glamour, I'm doing some vacay shopping on the manana. First, gotta get new luggage b/c my suitcase to' up.
I love the song "The Closest Thing to Crazy" by Katie Melua.
Excited to see what you guys are up to. Stop by HQ anytime.
Thankyou professora for sending me home now I helped a puppy :)
Thanks for the feedback! We'll make sure to include the details in the lift notices as well.
#dearenemies You're all jerks that can go fuck yourselves.(:
What is your favorite show to watch locally in OC?
Where's my follow big guy? No love for some Chalk Talk?
It’s getting hot Vegas! Cool down with one of our shakes or malts!
Will celebrate Bday by going to farmers market and talking inside baseball about media business.
Thanks Nancy!
Yeah, I know I hope so too, but I have to go. byee
Doesn't look like they're going with the short shorts.
Cleaned up me and my twin room. Its lonely he need to cum home
Good seeing you too. Next time we'll get organized.
yes maam I will send you something by tonight
You're not married. >_>
ha, yea right
Very excited for my new Kindle subscription. Thanks!
I think you're missing the word "Republican" in this tweet
Hubble saturday night at the Freedom Garden in bushwick!
a year from this weekend...i will be hosting the Newberry-Macon reunion here in Florida...theme "Standing on the shoulders of our ancestors"
Commission meeting will start in 10-15 minutes.
dreading or anticipating this coming season, no one can turn down shoppin 4 ur #swagger use repcode MARYJANEEATER @ #karmaloop and
how you feelin
Thanks for the follow!
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. ~ William A. Ward
Yeah they randomly followed me so I checked them out and I'm impressed and found a new favorite band haha
that gave me happy tears too!!!!
Btc when I see you make sure I do the the blade dance on yo ass..... Boyuu wont yuuu boss up.&get this money get ths money lol
Irony is, same thing was going to happen to LBJ in America for same reasons. Party insurrection bc he was crass and bullyish
Dang ! I should have brought you some today !
God dammit Ant.. I'm eatin Doritos and you just went and fucked up all the taste now.. Grrrrrrrr
oh...AND was the deal 2day!!
#10FactsAboutMe I can read and write vietnamese
The Pack killed it again yesterday!
damn she all fucked up then!
Louis is all like bitch please we are to good for you
B-14% of us hate when people do what at the movies? Call in to win: 313.298.9630
Thank You for being so funny!
IF YOU LOVE HER BREAK UP WITH KATIE.
does life really have have to have ups and Downs can't it just be straight
me duh
Huge S/O to on walking across the stage today @ the IUPUI Graduation. As his former coach & now colleague I couldn't be prouder
Like the farm subsidies that go to agribusinesses to make HCF for McDonalds? Well, maybe not that bad. #I'llstoprantingnow
do i know you? Haha
Design driven tech, "how you handle big ideas is really important".
i listen to 1D and dance songs to keep me motivated:)
woah that's awesome, yeah sleep will probably do me better anyways #thanks!
happy bday john have an ICONic one C:\Users\Amanimada\Documents\johns bday
Hey Can You Follow Me Please..! ??? :)
Aaawwww so sweet, thank you.
People still talking about #8 being vacated??? Lol
would love to chat with you sometime regarding ! We're a one for one soap company that loves your site.
has just signed on to as a leader in making Milwaukee one of the healthiest cities in the nation.
As Warren Buffett said: "There's class warfare, all right. But it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."
Thanks for the follow Eric!
RT : Thanks Lisa Sanders and Del Sur for sponsorship of
Don't go into business to get rich. Do it to enrich people. It will come back to you. - Stew Leonard
it states user doesn't exist!
The weather in DC today is virtually indistinguishable from downtown San Francisco. Not gonna lie: I love it.
Nice knowing ya ✌: If LeBron James wins a ring this year I'll delete my Twitter for good.
wish i could be watching right now...BIG NFL discussions
What year was the album “Come Fly With Me” released?
CAN I JUMP N THE RING REAL QUICK AND BEAT THE HOLY HELL OUTTA H
Focus Group, Manhattan, September 14th. Looking for Cell phone owners. $85 for 1 ½ hours #NYC nyfocusgroups.com
consider yourself followed
Skyline chill!
The baked #potato is rich in #magnesium and #potassium, two minerals that fight high #blood pressure.
The longer that I wait, the more that I'm afraid that someone's gonna fool your heart and take you away <3
In the past three days, I won 5 Science Fair awards (including a perfect score on my presentation) and am $190 richer. Life is good.
I did but I thought the yacht was better. Now I just need to find my first Billion.
To say the least, the stock market will be Clouded today by Steve Jobs' talk. Look for the signs under the averages.
in the studio until the new year...only a few open appointments! visit saintclark.com now to book yours
Yeah it really pisses me off when people try to put Lebron and Jordan in the same breath
YOLO kind of night with
surgery done. Recovery is the worst part.
Just got accepted into college :) lets go!
Damn.. let's see how this night turns out
I wanna forgive but I just can't.
Sometimes you rly piss me off. Instead of saying "he better back off cause you mine (: ." you tell me to go for him? Wtff.
The black market this time round is damn fast lor.
Bad Grades Ain't Cute .
Hell ya. One of the coolest apps available.
I'm buried, not married.
what's happenin bro? you in town?
Life is good
whoooaaaa that looks tasty and easy.
I've been in one of those rooms..we all know the cookies are brownies are just to the left, out of the camera frame, haha
haha. I sure do
A pleasure to walk the streets of canary wharf.
Changed the profile picture! Singing "Catch Me" by Demi Lovato!
I have a binge-ing problem. I think im ready to admit it... I Have Sleep-Bulimia! lol
hah you would know that
How are
Dang my legs feel like jello tonight!! Ugh! :-/
Great day - Hofbrau Haus for lunch, then swimming at Coney Island - finished with pizza and rides!!
U didn't taser anyone today did u ???
I love working with talented people
Half considered the City of Lights Jazz Fest this year, but only can make it Sunday & really can't stand Eric Benet. Designed LX for a 1off
Either the rest of the league got really good really fast, or the Red Sox suck. Now 4-4 in 7th.
“: Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.”exactly!
youre the best (:
Interesting concept, but I would call it a 2-wheeled car. Completely misses the point of motorcycling. Don't want to be caged.
Hope he fuckin u good!
Happy Mother's Day Ladies!
Isnt it time for Beaujolaus to be released? Or was it already?
It would be different if we saw record after record w/in the state Bar assn of Rubio fighting the Bar for disability & Autism rights
I want all of you or none of you.
#cil2010 if you have usability policies or guidelines at your library, please share links!
Watching a new series of airline TV ads which keep getting interrupted by v exciting golf - funny I thought it should be other way round!
just like yhu bitch
When does American Reunion come out?
Join us in wishing a 10th ANNIVERSARY to The , who started playing in April 2002. ALL HAIL THE INVINCIBLE CZARS!!
id rather be drinking a smoothie from Mickey D's
Kentucky has to get their offense going.
Sounds like there are a lot #Lakers fans at #PepsiCenter tonight ... I don't like it. C'mon #Nuggets ... keep 'em quiet.
we can't wait until it's 77 degrees on Wednesday! What will you be doing in this warm weather?
#whenblackpeoplegetpaid they go pay the rent on their rims!
we don't have any downloads available at the moment. Maybe in the near future!
he says with loaded gun, sweaty brow and bulging eye: say "mad men" again! say "mad men" AGAIN!
Trying to get my sons, firsts scrapbook done. love to scrapbook.
Cannot get over the fact that when a cat repeatedly paws at something it is called "biscuiting." I mean....what? Why?
Nice man! I'll ship it out the next day! RT “: hell yeah I'm gonna order that night stalker tee”
ha ha you're right about that..off to rock this sportscast..
thx sweetie...we try...im a paramedic and my boy is an emt...we try n make ppl feel better : ) thanks for noticing *hugsyou
Good stuff! Working on a new piece, which I haven't named as of yet. Also took over the Fulton Market Art Walk here.
You're going to be on tonight! Can't wait!!
when I'm old as fuck I'm still gona blast my reggaeton!!!
How did everyone enjoy 99 cent Iced Tea month? Sadly, it ends today so stop in and get your fix!
Share with everyone <3
Fear less, hope more, whine less, breathe more; talk less, say more, hate less, love more
Josh you need Annette to draw your pills
holy shit holy shit. holy shit. the vampire diaries is the best show ever.
lol iight how bout both of us take sum blame
When someone makes you feel more uncomfortable in your body than you already are <
Moonshot for #Brewers Ryan Braun, he hit it into the NYCE club
A guys sleepy voice <3
god!! =) lemme know what you think?
Jack's Mannequin is next Friday. Wear dark blue to the show.
i met Q briefly and he let me come take/assist! i just met everyone yesterday! but i make friends quick :P
I am honored and proud to say that I share the same sisterhood as women like Such an inspiration!
Just saw avengers. Pretty sick, but couldn't they have given Black Widow a bigger gun? Huge hulk, iron man, and ScarJo w/ a lil pistol. Welp
Just bought new asics and joined the gym I said was too expensive. I figure, what better to invest in than my body?
CyberStationUSA.com is the first and largest internet station. We are the future of radio.
Today, I'm gonna let people know, "I'm better than you."
I'm so crazy for you, but I love that I am.
Start today! We're living in very interesting times, think different and don't follow the crowd.
hey Nicole kendaya is against austinlets fight back
Awee Ashley Has On Her ACG's Too:)
Heat Win Game 2, On to New York
unzop. unzop damn you! why won't this thing unzip...oh
Wow. You're too funny.
You must play as one to win one individuals never win any thing. The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary
Get to the foul line to slow down a fast break team.
Steven:She plays basketball Me:Yea Steven:That's good the means she has handles. ==✊==D~~~~
"I will never say duck"
Is there a full moon tonight? Four critical work issues today along the the normal stuff. Will this day ever end ?
introducing #scon12 talking 4 trends of tech and he says he likes to zip like with capes.
lol yeah why don't I just take a pillow and a chair to make myself comfortable too -____-
Last day at st Mary's
it's only 9 something
My workout obsession is back and this time I hope it sticks! Let the countdown to Vegas begin!
same here! Wht grade u in?
rag on Calipari but he gets the most out of the most talented players. and he's not afraid to freeze out talented players who won't listen.
"I don't know why I've done half of the things I've done, but I know this is where I belong."
Danfung Dennis: Virtual reality + filmmaking to shake people from their indifference. Powerful mission!
I LOVE YOU INFINITY x 100000000000000000000000
Update date :-) :-) :-) :-) who thinks snooki is preeggers I do
Captain's joke, "Your fare just doubled."
Soon: not just site-construction updates but actual news about a major production this year. For now this is just activity for its own sake.
Time for ice hockey. Let's hope we keep it under double digits this time!
I wasn't sure the website teardown session was going to be relevant to me, but I've picked up a number of good tips!
Another outstanding Mayor's Cabinet Annual Meeting earlier tonight w/ &
did u just tipe that lol!!!
She's my boo thanggg <3
The agent of reform is not the rebellious slave but the repentant master. ~ Tom Stoppard
it's getting hared to
thanks to and all the volunteers and participants we had lots of fun again this year
Fat girls who think they are hot and are hot shit
Updating NetFlix..
no kidding! Let's hope or the best... Can't wait to be reunited!
wondering if mayyybbee you'd like to follow me?
i just want to give ' boy this money so i can own the cavs 4s. my life will be complete til next month when the militarys drop
time to walk the Ockhamite
The three areas that cause newlyweds the most problems during their first year of marriage are finances, work issues, and household chores
anyone have the score of the manchester united, blackthorn game
of course they win gold! With that amazing move how could they not?!
Don't think I want to see new "Promethius" trailer. By all reports, It may give away too much of the plot.
In need of some coffee.
deal is still a verbal and handshake at best. There is a lot left to be finalized.
,lol low and behold! Dr. Perry gets her own show!
Thank you and thanks for the follow! Hope you have a lovely day!
What a beautiful bittersweet Thursday!
Fresh Air on today is about childhood obesity
sounds so cute! Can't wait to see!
#fantasyfootball draft tonight
yes I did! You guys are amazing! c:
man u replied to the oldest tweet in the world know u don't know what u doin
we can't tell him who to hang out with! I know she *probably* didn't have a right to say that but still..it's not his fault
Running Rebels needs #tutors. Please email Emily at if you or anyone you know wants to tutor!
did somebody say liquior
If i can just say what i wanna say
I'm thinking it's a carbonara kind of night.
gr8 to have everyone for Tuesday Afternoon Lunch RT Solid cameos here by , &
Great show, part solo, part with hushed backing band. No Lou--he ended by covering "Alison" and making it his own.
yes and I hate it
Watching the #Dragon_Tattoo_Trilogy DAY TWO - I think the literary title was the
#PeopleNeedToStop having periods
i need more followers
to every one who gives us a shout out will earn a discount on their smog test all it takes is a shout :)
RT : north america you are up first. get ready. #BELIEVEtour next week! LEGGO
HEY PEPLE THE MAYOR IS PREPARING FOR THE NEW STEVE TURNER ''COMING HOME DVD'' LIVE IN CLEVELAND
Vincent Castronovo Is The Meaning of H.o.t
I second what Marcus said.
has a VARIETY of delictables. Stop by and taste their healthy selections. Get 15% OFF w/ a
Are you a musician looking for a gig? We've got a few Monday nights open - contact us for more info.
I definitely need to find time to write up that piece on the flex classroom we built at UMW...
I know, right? It's been too many years since I used "ceedus lapeedus" in a conversation...
I've been meaning to do that as well. Still haven't got around to it yet. Probably too late.
the originals are the best too
Thanks again for the mention before!
Why is that girl wearing a black and hot pink corset? This is chili's.
When I tell he's hot, I feel like a damn creep. Tbfh lol
smoke break in Hollywood at 5 am...I just witnessed two guys try to break into a car and fail at it.
-Baird Community Involved Player of the Year: A.J. Hawk (Green Bay Packers); for his work with local charities.
In the end, dear friend, it is always between us and God, not between us and them.
Warning Stranger: if u stay a min pass d point when she wants to leave. You could get the CREEP-meter slapped on you. Creep-Odometer police!
it was so good to see YOU! :)
U of Minnesota to introduce Teague as next AD
seems like I've been waiting forever! needs to come out! I'm waiting for him to sing! :) haha
HEY. TELL ME ABOUT GAMIFICATION OF ART.
**Specials of the day**: come in between 3 pm - 5 pm for a LARGE cheese pizza for ONLY $5.00 OR a LARGE pepperoni for only $6.00!!
Night Twitter! Have a Happy Thursday!!!!
I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY HERO AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU FOLLOWED ME
thanks for putting that on this morning! It was awesome. Let me know if I can help in any way for the next one.
Today's Quote: "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift would
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Didn't Even Know What To Write!
You are brilliant! Clueless is one of the best movies ever!
that's open to eat now
RT : u outdid yourself again. Awesome dinner in tysons corner, VA! thx!
that's nor Kelly.
OMG OMG what was i doing?? He-hee "oh yeah making loofah soap
Use coupon code MATCHY10 for 10% off earrings & bracelet that go together nikkoneko in my shop. More matching to come, next few days!
Brother coming in from Germany, family coming from New York
Big difference in bringing a guest lecturer into class via videoconferencing (VC) and co-teaching via VC. Base-level change to pedagogy.
So happy
Oh dear!!! The power of cheesecake!! You should come here tomorrow and get some cheesecake to feed your family!
I know haha
RT : All these videogames rated "mature" do not seem very.
Yo cant wait to see u in #blueandyellow I think youre going to make an excellent fit in Karl's system! #goNuggets!
They are! And the Motley Crue cosplayers made my weekend. xD Motley Crue pwns everything.
What a fun day. :)
I have a fat lip and I don't know how. Somewhere between Mariah's house and Mezza...
Oh shit, typo.
The Assembly will be in session at 11 a.m., debating mining, concealed carry training requirements.
your startup story (the day the website went dark) was great! Thanks for sharing!
Our fourth installment on insulation is about insulation effectiveness and fire safety. Go to oklahmahomerepair.tumblr.com for more!
You are so annoying. Get a life. All of you.
We have the countdown tickin...
& if you wonder, about the spell I'm under, it's your love.
so happy
Grateful to see a new morning
Why would you only add Barrett and Falk? if you add in the other Dem candidates, plus Kohl-Riggs, the total is just under 556000
I'd like to connect with you about my work.
let them enjoy their little run. (obviously, im still very bitter lol) who do u thinks gonna take it all? im leaning LA or NYR
I respect how actually listens/talks to his fans. Not many 'celebrities' do that now a days.
Up early grinding riding round and gettin it. I'm on my
#maddow: You found a new Talk Show Host!! Jane Lynch!! Watch out MHP & Dylan!
Political panties
I'll be playing at Johnny Nicholas' Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg, TX - Monday the 14th @ 6pm. Duo show w/ Kullen Fuchs on piano.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. Marie Curie
Tony, I've meet him, he rocks. :)
thanks Mike. Short trip but should be good one.
yes till 8 tonight
This week's 10% off code for #CHIchat members is "Bowl for Fitness"! Stop in this week and take advantage :-)
When the person who matters to you the most STILL doesn't realize it
Anyone want to follow my second account? It's for Directioners(: if you want to its
No worries. The Internet still likes you. I got the link.
How long until YMCA commercials stop bumming me out though? :( #Y #MCA .____.
u.r. welcome! u rock.
So great catching up with u today!
"Eating healthy is not a punishment."-Meg McCarthy, The Miami Herald - I'll add that not only is it NOT punishment, it's delicious too!
LMFAO UR HOT AND FUNNY ANY CHANCE YOU WILL DO PLAYBOY??
i think its a good game nephew!
www.codeschool.com/courses/jquery-air-first-flight New Jingle! I'm hoping this gets the same buzz as 'Rails for Zombies'.
you are a beautifoul person... Thank u for following me back!!!
You need to color tint your lips in that pic to a blazing red. Otherwise it just isn't you. Or is that your Clark Kent mode?
Solving four international challenges in website translation with four of our clients.
I'm gonna make sure I get my tickets...I'm having me, my dad, and my friend online tomorrow just so I'm sure to get it
Sure, my pleasure!
Couch Money created it all... is a part of the start.. New Mixtape of his coming soon! #poptarts&applejuice
do you have an online portfolio or instagram?
I wish i could find in the world, run up to him, and give him the biggest hug for his 18th birthday<3 that would be amazing<3
Great twist on BPO from COO of Hanover: we didn't outsource entire jobs, just the portion that didn't require certain skills & exp
Molly, you in daanga' girl. Right?
Beauty fades with all the games you play
sidney crosby trending worldwide? thats my boy ♥
Things are looking up!
That is awesome, good for you!! :)
Luclay needs to stop crying like a baby, enough already.
Helen Hayes stamp to debut Monday at awards program named for the actress
Booked a television show! Shoots Monday! :) ill give more details after the shoot!
Are you or Sam dating Rebecca Black?
vernon hills
I love her so much I don't think I could make it if she wasn't in my life
ya and when someone does come the tickets sell out really quickly so it's pointless
Both days are filled with treats; 31oct is just lots more fun!
A favorite form shooting routine is heavy ball 1-hand shooting 3' from basket w/ elevated set position..targets foot lift force focus.
(c) for my birthday but he'll never do it now!:(
Coffee, tea and milk concoctions, CT&M for short, are definitely destined to catch on—at least in frat houses.
Gimme time. :-) 2013 Soc of Hist Archae has their conference in Leicester; hopefully I can get myself that way before or after.
about to go to nifs! We could tumble n grass before we go in?
President Ulysses S. Grant was also known as Unconditional Surrender Grant. He was not a fan of war & moved to end it as swiftly as possible
If ya guys loved our song "Ron Ron Back" it'll be available for free download tomorrow before the game..
aw! ;( come on it will be super fun! Besides fritz Javon Victoria and Nathan will probaly be there 2!
Instant deals now available from Living Social! Download their app if you don't have it already.
My #Metro train is being held because of an "unauthorized" person on the track.
I feel I need to help you overcome those bets
hah. It was a dumbed down version of the game so there were none of the gimmicks, even though we asked for a street shout out.
May is skin cancer awareness month. We're posting related questions all week. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
I want to be a pirate! Just saying, (he says with a shrug)
Job interview went well. Hope I get a call back soon! :)
My head is going hammer! Bammer bammer ugh!!
thanks for sharing.
Does someone wana trade hair with me please
Rain ultra lounge tonight! Your new Thursday night hot spot NO COVER 21+ guys 18+ ladies amazing drink specials! RT for me!
we know its not now go STFU!!
Probably not too close to south KC, but oh we'll
is that what it is. Don't tell me men can be scorned too..lol.
ordering a triple meat with extra everything, large fries & a DIET coke? you sure are saving yourself. lol.
Bagels with cream cheese and orange juice :D yummy.
Much better!
Thanks for the RT!
Hats off to Potomac Edison! No power failure during a 24 hour tropical event....outstanding!!
Awesome!! Congrats Claire!!
Working on and Rod's engagement pics from yesterday at the flower fields. They turned out amazing. Can't wait to share
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library #ABQ!
"Dancing to Le Tigre may not be enough"
Just found $12 bucks in my backpack. Studying does payoff
And this ballgame is Ovvaaahhh!!!! Sox win!!! Now in first, and 2-0 over Detroit.
Including screen caps with annotations in response to emails.
I-O-U
I NEED AUSTIN
Good night. Ap test tomorrow. :/
Cool! Thanks! :)
in bed, sunburned and worn out, watchin a movie with my ladies :)
“ Extra smooth, green's....early....dass right!!!”
So I have Missouri playing Syracuse tonight. I think I have a future in bracketology.
of course.
apologies for the delayed response! yes we do sell packager separately. did you have any other questions about it?
hello my love!!! How are you??? Xoxo
#26MoreYearsOfGagaTouringWithUs I #HIGHLY doubt that we will be listening to this krazy music for 26 more years.........
Looking to hire someone to make a custom costume ... Any recommendations?
Is it weird that every time I eat pizza I hear the music from the opening credits from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II?
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Tulsa! When they come through drop in say Hello!
My son keeps me up that boy woke me up im talking about my puppy
Gracias Tim!! Have a good weekend!
someone's bday is coming up!!!
I don't always agree with everything you say, but man do I agree with you tonight. Appreciate your rational take on the
So jealous that has 1k but im way more proud, i knew she'd make it :')
“: Tomorrow is TAX DAY & we've got your refund. All orders on Tuesday, April 17 will receive an automatic 15% Discount!”
RT Or has he? Has he quit smoking? Don't know-supposedly sneaks off for a puff still. I know! VET HIM!
always hilarious. Always pitiful.
OKay three reboots and I now have an active feed
There are times when two people need to step apart from one another or break up, but there is no rule that says they have to turn and fire
Thanks. And thanks for the support. You guys (and gals?) are great!
Fake Vs. Real Lets See Who Will Win
Nothing like sushi with to brighten up your mood. celebrate!
How much of grading is an attempt to control the behavior of the student in class and towards the subject content?
Whats the difference between a crack head and a base head? I ask because my boss has GOT to be one of the two....
yeah & so was i sorry if I hurt the baby feelings w/ the name calling
RT : #Sagittarius can have hedonistic tendencies.
RT : Interviewing lots of people. Out of meeting rooms. Saw someone getting interviewed in the storage closet.
I never did send you that draft - wanna see?
AKA eating at Bluegrass Grille?
Did you have a good New Years Eve? What did you do?
it's june 11th! And if you do you should stay at my house!
Ate at Knuckleheads (Downtown) for lunch today. Got "The Chopper" with a side of beans and a Coke. Go see Bridgette at the bar & order it!
dude - what new weather guy? Trout?
Wet N' Wild tomorrow!!! Woohoo!!!!! x)
#Turntoyou is so beautiful Love you my baby
I think I could run that, let's go! #whiteteam=scoutteam4life lol
Try the sea bass
I need to play a show again.
“: time 2 give my pillow some head n my sheets some ass.... lol... this 1 never gets old... it deserves a rt” I hear ya! Gnite
Coffee & Tour de France whatmore can you want.
In honor of opening tonight, what is your favorite Judy Garland standard?
Boy n The Hood OR Don't Be A Menace To Society
prom, open house, best friends birthday, new york city, summer time, college...shit.
Ask your questions!
I make the money but don't let it make me, so even if I go broke niqqa you couldn't break me
I am going to email you. whats your email address?
anyone catch our first live stream yesterday? should we do it again?
Route 21 run 308 bus number 4803. I've got to get home, so why are you behind and stopping at McDonalds for 5 min more?
Poetry is like a really short story, great if you can only read for a little while.
I hate how people say they have freedom of speech, yet get mad when you speak something they don't like. What happened to freedom of speech?
#Wedding #Freebie RT email us now for a free 5 song sample mix! Why not?
i heard u gettin involved with top name producers?? that's wasup but please don't tell me ull b writing secular lyrics?!!!
hahaha you and me BOTH! I'm gonna be there the whole week.....
Why does my dog smell like rain? 😒 I think it's time to give her a bath...
Extended-Stay Travelers Enjoy Lower Rates for Stylish Carlsbad, CA Corporate Housing
Mayor Gray: “I stand before you today humbled by the oath that I have taken.”
I could wash my hair all day and night with Shampoo and Conditioner.
Just another Manic Monday!
k I'm gonna get a room at the eldorado for free I'm jus working magic right now haha
tired. layin in bed. thank god tomorrow is friday!!!
Can't even say a girl isn't cute without being accused of hating. Her face just isn't my cup of tea
:D ...I LOVE YOOOOOOUUUUUUUU!
I'd love that! We could catch up here or back in NY some time
Just saw the Daytona 500 highlights......
Packed house for #APCAbaby! Now if they'd only bring some water backstage...
Had a great time but I think we made the questions a wee bit too hard…
you need to see the beautiful reds, oranges and yellows of Northwest Arkansas in about 2-3 weeks should be perfect!
How could anyone in the Senate or House sill vote yes on SOPA or PIPA when they have seen how the internet will respond? Swift & harsh.
I know, right?! Love that zebra!
Omg,my timeline is full of this TT : Justin Follow Austin Mahone ♥
Yess all the beers gone!
happy mom's day
Exhausted & headed to bed. 7am comes awfully early here. Back to the wetlands, and then teaching a class on Tidal Pools.
use all caps for AERA
Obama vows to
Americans for Prosperity...Doublespeak... Everything you read in the book 1984 applies for real right now.
Be careful on how you judge based on scars, they make people who they are. You see the ugliness but,its a reminder to what they can survive.
Did you eat amalaya? Cause you're kinda bitter haha.
I'm closing chrome tabs like I'm trying to leave work.
That #DuctTapeIsland episode of makes me want to go buy a gross of duct tape rolls, just in case.
im serious
everybody loves a dashboard!
thanks for coming!!! Always great seeing you!!
RT : "And when I leave...every body come together..." -E. Griffin [I'll be sure to use the full quote on my last day!]
Make sure you include BmoRecycles in your #FF for us! The more people that follow, the more people we can get to recycle!
Just watched "The Vow." I cried like a baby.
I'm convinced that my phone is smarter than many of the damn people I know.
great meeting you last week! just got your message, twitter on phone not working great. have a great weekend!
54% anti-SSM? But 44% of respondents are teabaggers! Surely you don't think that poll actually represents CA body politic...
one talks to much, the other startin to talk too much shit n one jus wont get the message........somebody save me
#JMTmentorCall Melissa rocks!
Im Tony Montana i just bought myself a cougar .
thanks for the retweet !!
morning! How are you? 😚
mom out of town and dad works late nights ...
Absolutely! We were in dire need of WPSL here and that's why we exist. Giving the girls the 'next level' to strive for.
Only at this dealership - this lady has a big ass dog sitting at the Lexus cafe...
She's looking right at you. So much for sneaking the shot.
I know! I'm sorry lol
Can you link me to the podcast that I did on Pinterest? Thank you :)
You cant be friends after you've cared for someone, at least not right away...
RT : and at the same time, is culturally-based so that our young men and women can preserve our cultures.
Trained clients, photo shoot, back to training clients= one busy girl:)
Come on bears! Kill kill kill!
Dear food poisoning, this isnt working. i think we should start seeing other people.
Everyone affected by these storms, be safe!
miss you man!
You know you're eating a fatty ass burger when you could see you reflection on the bun
it is NEVER to late to do The Wave. Or The Macarena.
- so, a combination love affair and Vulcan mind meld. Party on.
RT "Burning bridges" is normally a bad thing, but if it's a bridge that enables you to access sin easier, BURN IT! -Rom 13:14
So hungry. But don't want to eat.
Dunkin donuts my life line.. I wish I could have a Dunkin iv lol
“: Stuuupidddd!” <--Appreciate it bro!
Ouch. Thanks so much for trying it out for me. That's insanely sweet of you, honestly! Looks like I have to research more. :)
Gorgeous, intelligent, kind, sweet, charming, sexy, hilarious, amazing......well, enough about ME! How are you? ;)
Weird, maybe. I think we both liked it more than the academy.
I need some new tunes.
ohh mkaaay , ah well good luck finishing , I'm on page 9 :(
Derrick Favors is averaging about 16 points and 14 rebounds per 40 minutes in the past four games for the Jazz.
if there's a leap of faith assumption in your business plan, shouldn't you run a quick experiment to figure out the real data?
The footage of the video shoot looks amazing! We can't wait for the release!
LOL. I think I have pink eye. I mean...really?! Who even gets that after kindergarten?!
Your the best cause we think so <3
finish with your plumber and come into the office. It's too quiet in here.
yes I'm standing outside waiting I said this in chat lol
": An #Aries in love, loves to the fullest."
If its not important, put it off for tomorrow; because tomorrow ain't promised, and that was yesterday!
Funny how some act different wen they around their friends like they dont kno who they r. Guess pier pressure still work for grown ass women
Anyone in Ft Worth area? 20 at 35W area?
nothing much. What's going on this Saturday?
it has to be for wine! Otherwise, what's the point?
What do you think of Apple's Announcements yesterday? Much ado about nothing or truly "Resolutionary"?
Up all night with a sad little sick boy. I feel like in this current political climate I should blame someone.
bahahahahhahaha!!!!!!! i know i know i caught the mistake this morning lol
3) There's a limit on the number of foreign players allowed on your team (8 I think)
You go girl! Do it!
Geoffrey Canada says wraparound services are great, but teachers, GREAT teachers are much more important
thanks luv .. make sure to let me kno wat u think !
I would like to undo the trade that sent Hamilton from the #reds to the Rangers for Volquez a few years ago
I'm not judging, really, but eeeew!
aww :( and it sucks cause its actually true for me.! :(
#ytfuquayvarina The F.V. police department arrests and tickets an inordinate amount of people for no good reason which is good for business.
"... the fog is rising." - Last words fo Emily Dickinson
nothing planned yet! Either gunna stay around saug or venture out!
that's what's up! Hope you are well. Much love!
RT : Having a little fun tonight before going to The Bahamas tomorrow with the crew!
Oh man - west coast playoff OT games here in Eastern Time ... fun but not fun
Research and Markets: Romania - Digital Media and Broadband Market Insights, Statistics and Forecasts Contains ...
You know you watch too much tennis when you have the calendar marked for all the tournaments for the next 5 years
Had a wonderful dinner with last night...I love my life!!!
“: The GOP demands Obama campaign repay taxpayers for travel costs. Yeah-right. I want my money back for "Mission Accomplished!"
Follow the homie
Easy cover for Baylor...This line should shoot to -10 quickly. Too Athletic and dominate the boards. Should name the score.
Happy Friday everyone!
that show still comes on? What season are they on now?
get more shirts in stock on the website you shithead!
So tired!!! Must sleep....z
Wow! They just said on CNN that 10% of all photos ever taken were taken in 2011. Does that blow your mind?
you can borrow them.
EUPHORIA -- cabins, no internet access... I think I see where this is going.
Haha, that's fine! Thank you so much!
(and...its application frames have minimize buttons)
Where did the agile/scrum "managed chaos" post go?
More of a college b-ball fan, don't follow pro much, but I respect anyone who has skill, and Lebron certainly does!
TODAY. Station 4! 5pm. Be there. That is all. Kthnxbye.
don't even know how this ish works
"her name is tree" "do you know shrub and bush?!" - Lauren Picado
I did not! it's sitting in my inbox waiting for when I have time, so...
What Steve,Les Deal from Detroit, I am looking for an agent to help my boost my comedy career. Help!!!
Narrating the scene just made my life a whole lot easier. Thanks
Their newest version is 7, and it has features not even found in the full Sibelius. Upgraded yesterday, trying now.
this week couldn't get any worse.
Good idea. I might do a few before bed.
Getting the facts on lyme disease in dogs. Not something I ever want
haha ya I did it twice yesterday 2 but hell I might do it 3 times at this rate :) haha
RT : Here's the long version of the "Phone You Buy 2 Years From Now.." talk I gave at yesterday:...
happy but really sad at the same time , everything will eventually get better .. i hope
If it turns out that Justin Bieber is a girl, then the name ought to be changed to Justine Beaver.
oh and just to forewarn you it's not exactly "legal" so go at ur own pace, however nothing will happen to you soullbefine:)
This sucks so much
Hugo has won all these #Oscars so far, yet no one has thanked Brian Selznick?!?
Goodnight Twitches
lets go
We missed you last week!
Happy birthday to my homeboy !!!
Ladies and Gentleman, your 2012 Milwaukee Brewerz
RT Patterns are like pornography, you know it when you see it
We recently a tweeted about our new social "Friends Mode" feature for CandySwipe being a #gamechanger Now its a promoted trend!
I miss my best friend
Dear Joseph Kristapher Johnson, i love you with all my heart and soul. Always, Cheyanne Brooke Nester HateLies<3Trust
you really believe in ?
RT : Failing fast is part of learning fast. If you knew how to do it already, you wouldn't be where you are.
Thanks for the kind words.
Good morning... mostly. Have a nice cup of Earl Grey Creme at my elbow. Being at the beach in a hammock would be better.
Bulldog Gin great drinks with
no she jus sent in an article
My smoke detector DEMANDED I replace its batteries at 3am. Lovely.
Okay, you are making us jealous. Sounds like a great time!
Am I alone in missing the old, simpler days of Twitter...?
for acting check out the local schools they always need people for independent productions
Owners accepted the offer on our new home/studio/office this morning. Hurray!
Gotta appreciate the love by , he's big in LA, trying to do the same in NY. Great guy and Producer!
I'll just let keep me updated on future festivities.
A girl that can ride it really good Damn! Ha ha
you are a gift from heaven!!
hey Dude !
is having an early birthday party at the atomic on friday.
Peace is flowing like a river! When you ride in the #peaceride -- peace will flow around the earth :)
will settle the matter today.” 4 1Meanwhile, Boaz had gone to the gate and sat down there. And now the redeemer whom Boaz had #Torah 74/9
Yaritza's dumb
good you better boy !!! ;)
And IDGAF if youn like me, I'm my mom's gift!!!
thank you! Great #socialmedia conference.
222nd annual meeting of the American Oriental Society begins today in Boston.
Some teenagers my age are out drinking nd having sex. Then there's me like "I love food"
Congrats!!! RT : It's our 5th year anniversary today! We have big plans for the next 5 years, stay tuned!
he's in A for Oakland
