If a product has less packaging (i.e. it's greener, less waste, easier to oen, etc.), is it perceived as a cheaper product?
Tired of all the driving!
Today us National Chocolate Chip Cookie day! What are you doing to celebrate?
Where are you from? :D
Diablo 3 is coming out May 15th! Who else gonna take a whole week off to play :D
Guy Fieri, host of the Food Network's "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives," will drive the pace car at 2012 Indianapolis 500
Thank you for the mentions Happy Wednesday!
Thinks her DC cab driver is hilarious - he calls everyone Jojo - must be an ex-Wolfers student!
#TwSIG Can organize people from a conference, or from higher ed or other sorts of ways you network. private lists don't make favorites
Do I want to see Tthe Hunger Games? Not a fan of sci fi or talking animals. Does this movie have talking animals?
We need another coffee date...
also, if I have to DD after 10PM, I'm within my rights to leave without him
hahahahaha English was so much fun last year
Hopefully getting half of my sleeve done today.
Good Morning #Miami #Caterer, let's start this Tuesday with the best vibes and positivism. #Happiness is contagious :D
Happy Bunny Day everyone :)
Why do bachelors like smart women? Opposites attract.
You had better be staying close young lady!
omg how many dogs do you have i kind of lost count haha. you're so adorable i can't.
love it, you are awsome!
The Dick & Jane Show Congratulations Elvis Winterbottom, our first ever recipient of funniest actor in a comedy.
Damn you for ruining my healthy eating
lmao sorry im in new mexico, you go find a guy<3
Some say this game is a joke, but i hope they get it -weezy f. Baby
My calves be so big it make yo girls ass jeolous! Lol
have a goodnight
why thank you darlin!
meet me at bus stop?
#GeekTrivia answer: Who are Wolverine's son and daughter/female clone? Daken aka Dark Wolverine - son. X-23 aka Laura - female clone.
Great seminar on modernism and neuroscience this morning. Lots of great connections and new ideas.
No exp in apartment, but if you do that, adopt older one who is beyond chewing shoes.
Man damn i had to take da vett bak if i had 9bands i would buy dat bitch
ow thank ya baby, it's cool :)
goodnight! follow me tomorrow? <3
I'll be here! Social media seminar is at 1:30
just thinking
If you never step out without being absolutely #FAB even on a bad day, you're still gorgeous and you know it! RETWEET TikiDolls (:
Is it really bad if i took tylenol 2 hours ago and now im about to drink?
Haha! #wellsaid RT : Beck to life. Beck to reality.
Cab driver now watching Bloomburg on the web. While driving. Snow blankets the road.
Hey, it's a rough world out there. Not everyone can make the cut. ;)
No one told me mothers day was going to be such a huge event at the Krieger household
With For her last day in San Diego we're going to Coronado, again.
"that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain; that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom.."
900th tweet goes out to my fave senior <3 you
My mind is playing tricks on me right now ... not liking it one bit.
lol you already know . I GOT HOES FOR DAYS !
Hey what can I say...when ur good, ur good....sarcasm :-)
new day new money better decisions here we go Cashhouse
No weed no liquor so the night we go well as planned
just watching a movie and about to get ready to go to bed long day
why the hell do i always see sports shoes on facebook news feed now
LOL this is so wrong in so many ways
A Whole New Look Coming For Ukeycheyma
The very first online poker room was called Planet Poker and it went live Jan.1, 1998 with a game of 3 - 6 dollar Texas Hold ‘Em
RT AND I'll put a pic up of my butt or boobs
RT : RETWEET if you love your followers
another B.S. story?
Nice! RT RT : We've decided on mid-life crisis cars. He wants a 76 Eldorado. I'm leaning toward S2000.
sup folks headed to the #cubs game with my bro
the story of my LIFE for the past year. Both mine & Adams identities were stolen. :(:(:(
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
haha. Tom Crean pulled a Bart Scott with his post game interview.
I want to thank everyone that has visited my page @ reverbnation.com/roberttorme because of you, my tune "everything happens to me" is...
Why wasn't one direction nominated for best music group? Bitch excuse me but they are 100x better than BTR and the Black Eyed peas .... wtf
Dr. Neal Chamberlain & Dr. Peter Kondrashov were selected for the Max T. Gutensohn Teaching Award for 2012.
Liking #Lions offense so far.
whoa, i think my twitter is really confused. i'm in the for jamesdcalder and its replying as ohiohumanities. wild.
Leaving 66 in TN for 39 in UT. Will those 27 degrees fit in my carry on?
No it isn't right, he made a promise to return for his senior year, now he's just a liar and a cheat.
Now until close tonight $3 frappes if u mention our tweet:)
In Milwaukee?!
Thinking good thoughts for She's interviewing for a different position in her school district. She's been prepping for a week.
looks like you had him up all night sewing on hem tags ..:-)
RT : Follow for best Alabama coverage:
Thanks big Jay, we just bought our tickets to go to the Jersey Shore in late July
Cruel intentions on netflix >>>>>>
yes i still havent done my spanish shoebox project
I can drive her to school. Depends on conflict start time with but we can make it work.
Good Deeds was incredible!!
Put that emotion in the food, because it's so much more rewarding down the line,
Story of O-:
Take yo medication Roman, take a short vacation Roman you'll be okaaaAAAAaaaayyy.
SPACEBAR--if you have ever written a play, been in a play or seen a play, you will love SPACEBAR. #sourcefest June 2011
you always make opening day more fun. Ha ha ha
if y'all are still looking for co-owners, let me know! I'd love to help out :) xx
we're free to construct an identity online and then begin to act out that identity IRL.
la cancion de rihanna?
We're still celebrating AMERICA!! Come see our Red, Whites, and Blues!! You won't be sorry you did! Open till 7 on Sunday! :)
Thank you, sir lol RT : Good luck with those exams to all the students! Study hard so u can party harder!
Doing that senior memory book really made me realize how all my life I've been used to a mentally rough home life. God brought me thru it!
Starting pitchers on my bench. No worse feeling.
It's #fridaythe13th what spooky stuff is happening today?
FINALLY HOME. LONG NIGHT.
Free money. Really. No lie. Seriously. Just listen for your cue in a couple of minutes.
hey we still blessed we have it better than most as long as your healthy & happy with no stress we living comfortable sweetie
RIP cell phone - fear of seeing #cliffdiving incident and ROFL w/ you #woremeout! =D
what channel?
what's your email address?
I loved Korean Zombie and now I love him even more for calling out Aldo
I wish your son good luck today.
#NYC public saunas: 2.25 per use, stay as long as you like. Subway ride included at no extra charge. Unlimited use available for $89/mo
Spending too much time with 19th-century cemetery records!
Embrace change. Accept it and let it in.
It's snowing!! :D
ok somebody plz help me get more followers
The smell of the smoke earlier tonight reminded me of Christmas.
Memebase is my only source of entertainment
I forgot what I was going to write so I'll just write this
My 30-year-old brother and I were birthed three years apart despite mom's failed early '80s IUD implants
I wonder what % of emails were lost or missed due to #sxsw :) My guess...a lot!
[+] Turned said college essay on the topic of napkin poetry in to handwritten on a stack of Dunkin Donuts napkins.
Good morning world. The pounding in my head says hello
"Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing"
Can't be your savior, I don't have the power.
Happy new year everyone!!!!!!!!!! Make it count, apparently its out last! Haha
Well, a bird flew into our home this a.m... had quite the adventure trying to get it out. EWWWW! Glad I wasn't there (sorry Ty)
9 LIKES AWAY! Prease spread the word!!
Aloha Friday! Come in for some $3 Primos and awesome surf vids from 4-11 pm!
But when I read the documentation it sounds like it should be super easy.
Accepting sponsorship applications for a new project. Direct message me if you are interested.
Rock the bells ? No thanks .
cant wait(:
Bet you didn't know this: Today is "Sneak a Zuccini onto your neighbor's porch" day - started because a guy grew too much so he gave it away
Fuck the world and everyone who's in it
#NoOffenseBut I'm a Jew so Easter means nothing to me except peeps in the microwave and my friends' houses smelling like rotten eggs.
thanks for the mention!
i came to see you today around 530 but you werent there =(
a hot cup of tea wold do nicely right now
Find me on Hanging With Friends! My username: ElectricFeel_
I'm on my way over k?
hahahahhaa this account is awesome
If you give a prostitute 80 cents to leave you alone and not receive any sexual favors. Is that still illegal?
lol. My squirrel was playing tether ball.
“: Tomorrow night @ 8pm me, , will be on VERY EXCITED! :)
"like you're reading in technicolor." I like that.
I don't want to go back to hell tomorrow :/
I went there last week for the first time and loved it!
Where can that James debate be seen?
I just can't wait until Teen Wolf comes on again. It's been too long
Serious LPCs happening right now. (cc )
What's the best work out right now on humanities in higher ed., esp. in American universities, esp. threats to humanities study?
Just saw The Avengers at midnight, why you up.?
is getting looks walking to street. he either did a really good job dressing up or a really poor job.
Wine plays a role in holistic health. We love your events and specials & I enjoy visiting from time to time! ~Linda :o)
": Bet I need Lactaid for that new "Adult Chocolate Milk"."its in my fridge now. Yum!
Check out whoorli...social exchange.
It's all a process.....
#UMNproud RT Four #Gophers have been named to the U.S. National Team for the 2012 IIHF World Championships.
This is a very special day for your fan and you would do well creeo a happy birthday from you Please C:!
If she'll trade you her virginity for a Charizard card then #shestooyoungforyoubro!
Tomorrow night is our first Wing Night. Who can eat the most?
stop calling me out on twitter jerk
Funny, that's what my adult co-ed softball team sounds like too...
Hahaha! Something like that.... ;-) I love it.
Kentucky Wildcats 3/8 ′ ‘Paw with K ’ Dangle Earrings – 14KT Gold Jewelry
Cardinal rule of St. Louis...visit Busch stadium on a beautiful summer night.
About to schedule 12 credit hours for summer. First summer classes ever
My mother is killing me on Words with Friends.
can you help FXFITVID get to 500 followers by the end of the day? Please RT!
Actually LOVE this.
ramble on
Know a Pittsburgh college student interested in Marketing or Graphic Design? Have them e-mail for the fall!
help paulie! RT In St Pete FL - feeling really sick. Someone bring me soup
I want something new, exciting ,and worth my time
#Spurs are gonna outshine the Suns tonight!
hi mr b. Does come home tomorrow? I am mixed up.
My brother is tryin to show me his lil magic tricks & I'm fucking them up. Haha! He said I suck as an audience. Hahaha!
well you could just look at the info...haha.(;
My pool is closed by health dept...trashed. Sad that people lack respect for property, and good to know my HOA fees will be used
invites you to a Free Introductory Class this Tuesday or Wednesday night! Contact me for more details! Hope to see and hear from you soon!
RT : Dear Yahoo!, put up the pic of Polly's 2000th hit. Love, a blogger
. teams should be named after regional monikers or barring that, the color of their socks.
I'm so freaking bored right now.
Beautiful image! Is it an oil p.?
Please note that RSVPs are accepted on a first come,first served basis.Thank you for your understanding and continued support of our program
you slay me...
My song of the day goes out to: #StoneTemplePilots ~ SEX TYPE THING! Yeeeeeesssssssszzzzzz.....
Ex #brewers hairston and wright beat us today
All #sxsw tweets bring back great memories of my panel session w 3 yrs ago on social media & your boss + mtg good friend
RT : The are really being represented by the speakers at #cda11!
lol well worth it! they should play it on the jumbotron when he gets his # retired at Lambeau
#FF Jack Kevorkian died today. I'm sure he'll always be remembered for his oil paintings and his jazz flute.
Neutralizing doesnt mean everything is beige. Decorating tip for sellers: keep big things neutral, use color to accessorize.
thanks so much! Be sure to use the #ETC11 hashtag when tweeting from the conference :-)
The lasting inspirational benefits from Apollo continue to this day even though that project ended
my bad. Couldn't help myself.
I'm on a sea of moving emotion, tossed about like a ship on the ocean
Great question! I'm addicted to naps, but they have not apparent benefit for me.
can Bo get our zone offense squared away by Thursday? They struggle against average zones.
Inquirer wins Pulitzer Prize for public service
Have a sketched #painting ready to be finished for #etsy To see what I've already done #rustic #modern mix www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
hello there sweety that avi is hot
I don't quite get the big deal of Jim Nabors singing Back Home Again in Indiana at Indy 500. Is no one else capable of a stirring rendition?
sexiest thing alive!
Happy New Year! I'm operating at about 80% usual energy after bout w/ pneumonia, revamping habits and looking forward to a HEALTHY new year!
The Mav's goin to have play perfect to win this game
So many fun places!
Beauty agenda: 7th Makeup Show New York, 5th Hair & Beauty
It's all about diligent practice! We'll see you next Sunday :)
Proud of my little bro
Lost sentence regurgitated by albino pigeon: “They would stay the night, but on their own terms, in your pajamas, in your bed.” Anyone lose?
Your facebook store is looking nice. Is a facebook app powering it? Or is it custom? If custom, do you do this type of work? thx
Almost saw have a heart attack this morning when he left his tea outside the BBQ bus
Watchin freedom writers
watching the episode of the power rangers when the puddies turn people into cardboard cut outs. Impressively economical plotline.
i'll be at the house bro
guess its about time to change my twitter handle...
"I fell in my shape ups and sprang my ankle."
High school personalities.
#AskIL13 When is it appropriate to increase tax rates?
I'm taking care of you, precious.
: it was Ron Paul who left nails in the parking garage causing your fat.
They say good things can come from being downsized. Wouldn't have had time to make a cardamom spice cake for breakfast.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon. ~Doug Larson
you go dutlynn
I have the same name as my stepdad's cousin. Me: Stephanie Rene Garcia Stepdad's cousin: Stephanie Renee Garcia
So tired of internet marketer dudes bragging about how sloppily they make products for people...
. I can't. I'm beginning to wish evolution had never been invented! I mean, "discovered."
stop it! can't do nothing with hits like yours ;-)
Happy Mothers Day #bestmomevet 😘
I dont think he means princess in the way you think RT : My teacher calls me princess, at least he knows his place
You know you're a young music business professional when your phone autocorrects emo to EMI.
me to . We are so big fans of you and we love ya
Guys who surf.<3
aw omg how cute im in love can i have it
Upright. I need pick up though because it can't lay flat:( Just thought of that. I need to use it tonight. Shoot!
lol Lets have a sesh today?
Happy birthday! Looking fwd to seeing what else you've got on that list!
#NeverTrustAGirl that can explain what lead paint tastes like
Uploading a sample of a new song today. check it out later:)
well once i go black...
is on fye da hottest Rapper in the nation
Modern classic RT : 4/8/12 rec: THE THIN RED LINE. Malick. Slow, lyircal war film. Perfect for a Sunday night.
They don't have a good enuff reason to. It has to be real to them 1st.
Appreciate the mention! Hope you're having a wonderful week Leslie :)
Picking up some musubi, kalbi and mac salad for the crew at L & L Hawaiian BBQ! Why does Aurora have L & L and Denver doesn't?!
“: they are playing BSB "shape of my heart" in Ralphs right now.” ... One of my favorite tweets of All Time.
will you comeback to Wwe? Please answer
happy writing!
I see Longoria is still being pummeled for his tweet last night lol
How is it that even when you don't overeat, Thanksgiving dinner leaves you feeling bloated?
Last year this tweet would have seemed uteerly ridiculous RT : Clippers. Grizzlies. Game. Seven. Enough said.
Dirk is on fire in the 3rd
Theres this girl named Becca and she means the world to me and I would be nothing without her
you too!
That Fake Head Wounds of Zimmermann could have been Fabricated and Staged after he was released and went Home from the Sanford Police
welcome to twitter Dave :-)
ya. Not going to the game but will be in Dallas.
The Blue Demons get it done 68-64. We're only half way through our day of hoops at #OSC2011 - Fairfield and Indiana State up next!
leaving in an hour. Putting key under plant on back stair. Thanks for looking after phoebe.
Today, my kindergarteners and I discussed the etiquette of farting
Just trimmed my mustache
thanks for all your hard work, we'll miss you, go get 'em at the next level!
umm, do you have your Jamboree ticket yet?
We roll like that! RT : Hah! That's the mark of true deliciousness.
hey !! I'm great. How are you ?
Dropping your #Mac off at the UPS Store for a repair is not a smart idea! Stop by either of our offices to speak to a tech about your case.
Great play! RT : Seeing my costar Annie Potts play After Math at the Matrix. I ♥ theater.
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s super good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO (OK we are, but whatever).
Never leave something good to find something better, because once you realize you had the best, the best has found better..
Hi! Do you have an email address I can send you an announcement regarding the upcoming council elections, sir? Thank you!
lol on payne.
yeah we left pretty much right after that conversation
@ the Back Alley Blues Club in Baltimore about to throw down with Jazz Journey.
It ain't what you heard.. It's what you seen!
haven't drank since saturday
WTW. It's 430am and the line at security is so slow. Part of the reason I like to fly in the AM is that it's usually me & 4 other ppl.
My guess is the nfl has done a lot of negligent stuff with regards to concussions that is ripe for the picking in court.
johannesburg,south africa he's using precise bio/publicity photo for hip-hop marketing advice
“In the Studio,” Shasta Ventures' Rob Coneybeer Envisions An Internet Of Things - TechCrunch
Smiling doesn't necessarily means I'm happy. Sometimes, it just means that I'm strong enough to face problems.
Piers Morgan's interruptions are ruining the flow of your interviews...
Spent the day listening to great music by great friends. Thanks !
Will be trying out MLS Live streaming to my tv via 's awesome media computer. Technology is awesome.
I can't stop eating!
come over
Calamari - Is it best dipped in cocktail or tarter sauce?
uh no
this is crazy!! RT : holy mother of … reports saying Junior Seau killed himself
That is kind of close! You are going to have to come ride with us this summer.
#Dolphins draft key #6: Playing a drinking game whenever commentators say "What are they THINKING?" is a delightful way to pass the time.
YES!! : Is it obvious that I'm gonna win this season on the voice?
POLL: would you wear a Dirty Birds t-shirt with an artistic rendering of our faces, Britpop style? (Assuming it was well-done).
Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!
Feeling a little like a plastic bag drifting through the wind...I need to let my colors burst.
Congratulations to Jake Zadra, named to D3 all-district team. Hitting.367 and carrying 3.98 GPA in biology. 5th Eagle so honored this year.
Good to hear from you today, sorry it was one-sided. You visiting the city anytime soon? Clapp and I could get some #nando's 4u
Call us for all your water emergencies, We never close! 702-664-6910
Ha, that's hilarious.
oh why your welcome:) call me.
Tried instagram. Wasn't amazed. Am I missing something? It's like Flickr & all others. Just give me a billion bucks & stop it.
looks like ya do! & ikr? The nerve of this kid!
Sometimes I wish I could just be home schooled
Please excuse John for not being in school yesterday. He had diarrhea - the shits.
Want EXTRA CASH? *** My company is paying a $250 CASH referral fee for properties we put under contract!
Working on VO
Thanks also to the media who covered the #FrozenFour. Great local, regional and national coverage all week.
Well, that was an excellent candidate for Outstanding Drunk Tweet of the Day this fine St Patrick's holiday, don't you think?
At the watching the show. I'll be playing here on the 19th for the benefit
My new EXPRESS briefs are hella comfy ;)
The sound of that scares me...does that mean no more moves or just not an everyday 2B. Someone like Furcal/Carroll an option?
May still be recovering from all of the pork products and red wine. It was THAT good.
Hey if we got tickets to austin's concert how do we know of we were part of the first 400? :)
Profs Grunig referenced in almost all #prsaicon sesh. Too bad I didn't recognize their PR legacy when I was 19 & in their class
I'm scared of the things I see when I close my eyes.
Why do the mavs suck?!
Boys should NEVER wear jean shorts.. Never
Good news for mixed-breed shelter dogs!
Excellent. Quick recipe on the list.
I think President Snow is here. I think.
Buckle-up w/ ; Berlioz Requiem calls for 10 pair of timpani. Yes, really, oh and a dozen horns.
I think it's Zusi haircut time. Magic has run out.
I am bored
U can't be serious, Obama is a joke!!.: I couldn't agree more. You inspire us all, President Obama.
Listening to the Republican leadership talk about fiscal responsibility is like listening to a prostitute talk about chastity.
NO MONEY+NO HELP=TROUBLE
And in the near future, it might be me at more risk -- since every basketball player down to our walk-ons is going pro...
Why does sex have to make babies?
you are loving this too much!
alright I'll be lookin for ya peace n luv : )
All you need to know about the start of LA-Denver: Lakers just finished a 2-on-1 fastbreak with an oop from Gasol to Bynum.
the heat better come up wit a new game play cuz that shit was booty tonight
Yeah that tall guy with the weird, low voice who was the mail guy on Just Shoot Me. Cute movie!
lol, im down.
I have a friend like that..
preach sistah! “: “Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” Goethe”
It's sort of like watching the tall clown in the circus, trying to do his bit with only one stilt.
Remember: Christ has given you power to go into every mans world bringing Jesus to people, be courageous!! You can do it!!
Information is the mortar that both builds and destroys empires.—Tobsha Learner
just loves her legit furry babies(: it is just so durn cute!
Special times ahead over ! We hope everyone has a productive day!!!
We are happy to welcome Irvine Pacific, Genesis Real Estate Group, Ashton Woods Homes, and Brookfield NorCal to the #newhomefeed family!
good luck sugah!!!!
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do, you apologize for the truth.
I am
#JustSoYaKnow Haters Gone Hate But It Take A Real Person To Ignore It All
Seriously ... plenty of intriguing baseball news, yet we're being force-fed the Posada non-story; he's a 39 yr old DH & hitting .165 !!!!
yo I only found this message today. Your Knick fan "sage and eggs" line was OUTSTANDING! Thanks for listening!
I totally wouldn't mind if you came to hang with us, Mana. ;)
Chipper burns Narveson with a 3-run homer. #brewers bats gotta get going here in #ATL - Weeks has whiffed like every time up this series
#cw09 G3 writing instruction and the world bank employees. woah.
I hated the way "Too Big To Fail" movie made Dimon look like a rock star. With Bill Pullman playing him, even! Oy, the writing.
Upgrading the Meter Intelligence (UMI) upcoming service by Intelen: how to raise existing AMR intelligence and connect existing AMR to Inte…
Fuck you KFC with your "we don't serve beef Burgers" and your "we don't accept £30 notes". The customer is always right!!
I sense an April Fools' Day prank :)
I'm just now seeing that tweet... Lol.. "its o.k., I'm mixed" Lolol
Kwanza is at breakfast, talking re his partnership w First Step Staffing, hiring their homeless clients as our office managers.
or michael douglas in falling down.
The is 5/5! Catch ALL the action on our HD TVs! #Derby Day is a big day for us, we recommend reservations for the Clubhouse!
Happy Halloween! Did anyone catch the costumes? So creative! What did you all think?
hi super beautiful girl who I definitely haven't seem all day;)
San Francisco with great friends...doesn't get much better than that!
I'm sorry.
I have pork tenderloins marinating, coleslaw chilling and potato/parsnip/onion baking. Planning on cooking beets later. enuf?
I need some green tea
Your Family Car is a Volkswagen Jetta?! - Chicago Tribune
a big day for the Quakers. Boys become number one seed with win and Girls advance to Finals, won 15 in a row. Ranked? whynot
Agreed. RT : The Empire Strikes Back is the best of the six Star Wars movies. Hands down!
Craving some pizza??? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win FREE pizza!! Winners announced weekly!
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved
It isn't easy being me, but I wouldn't want to be anybody else.
#indubitably #indeed #quiteso #pippipcheerio It works!
S/O to my new follower DM for my music & give a S/O baack. & Follow him!!!!
Happy Belated birthday! :)
Getting ready to watch the live taping of Dancing with the Stars. Make sure to vote for and tonight!
NO. NO NO NO. STOP.
Hey Now
Badass for a day is ALWAYS worth the money and time!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce butthey limit self-pity, vengeance and spite.
we ordered some workout DVDs from amazon. They were sealed in plastic..seemed new. But don't work. Grr. That's what got stuck
me too! better see u!
im writing a nice letter right now hopefully itll work
Yall Notice When The Lakers Lose In The Play-offa They Lose Bad AF Last Year They Got Swept!
Psyched that a spot opened up for the / SEO meetup in Philly tonight.
My professor has said the phrase "lets do it quick and dirty" like 5 times in 2 classes. Kinda weird
lol u can't eat the news??!
In order to win, you must expect to win
OMG so much fun & fashionI luv the word "fashion".its pronounc-able even after 9 lemon drops woo hoo =)Twistii is the word.Hair is the world
whop whop. Will do. Remember they have to be FB friendly also. So whoever you take a pic of do headshots also.
I will run to the hiding place. (Aka my home in Colorado springs). Great weekend at Shoreline in Monterey, CA
Drink, to all that we have lost, mistakes we have made, everything will change, but love remains the same
u can meet at FirkinFest on July 23rd. I won't bite
Dis dude was playin the kinect and his son punched him in da dick dude fall down lil boy said " DIDNT I TELL YOU IM HUNGRY " lol
Consumers given wider access in purchasing cell phones - The Korea Herald
Oh even greater. Mark Kotsay
early voting begins May 14. Thanks!
Yes, of course I realize. I only tweet about serious relationships...like the ones we have with our sporting interests.
thank you so much!
on the bus witcho girl lmao
This bitch ass really piss me the fuck off !
RT : RT : I have autism and I'm a college graduate. I'm proud of that. :)
Goodnight world or morning....or April. Whatever it is, I'm getting real physical with my bed!
Nap? Yes, I do agree.
i am going to watch the movie the stepfather the new movie
shut up u know I keep it 100 I gee for the lil nigga n my gangsta voice
whaddup fellow geek!! Love it!
Isn't an agnostic just an atheist without balls? Stephen Colbert
Me and Briana have a song in mind for xfactor, but I'm thinking next season...
pretty good, crazy busy with school and work but I'll get a break in a couple of weeks, how about u?
FREE Concert: 6pm tomorrow #HangingThread plays our Lake Stage, Crazy Rib Man fires up the grill, and of course our Award-winning wines.
Is anything I'm doin brand new?
"unlock" is a word that only locksmiths should use in their taglines
"Things happen for a reason, just believe.."
YOU ARE SUCH A FREGGIN' ROCKSTAR!
the Mingei is storing theirs in boxes, not strung. so there'd be a stringing process prior to each batch
Need to change account name from AlysEdwards to... Need a new Twitter acct name. Any ideas? TileDiva????
Me too!
welcome to my world!!! miami was crazy!!!!
When is Dag more appropriate than Dang?
Eden Lounge is off the chain DMV!!! Every Friday, Eden Fridays Happy Hour. Fabulous!!
Currently, liv'n a dewd, rock'n the cup.
RT Sounds like #Illinois House panel laying groundwork to oust #DerrickSmith for not answering questions about charges.
Weather like this calls for Al Fresco dining, AM Wine Shoppe-style! AdMo, Celery Root Salad, and an Arancita. Yes please.
gurl I already follow you!
Hell, even an Account Exec could beat Leaders and Legends!
Baby you light my world like nobody else
On my way to "The Rhythm Room" to demo some new songs/tracks to my engineer and producer Peter Carey!
no lunch time today. But, visiting would be easier for me.
It's okay Pacers are the better "team"
still at 5 and trinity? I sing a mean Eternal Flame and I want to find you.
Kids are so weird 😳 always saying the most random things hahahah 😂
Wow ! 3 Yankee players dropped out of the All Star Game ! Y'all ain't all that special. I find that disrespectful
#BlackWednesday is upon us....No plans? Join us & Bottles? Parties? DM us to book your celebration today!
We won our heat at the Grape Stomp. We'll see if we have what it takes to give dad and Brian a challenge in the semi-finals.
265 channels and nothing good on TV
great news! RT : Jason Wu is the next Target designer collaboration.
Jack and jill went up the hill so jack could lick her candy but jack got a shock and mouth full of cock cuz jills real name is randy
I DISAGREE THAT YOU HAVE TO SELL YOUR SOUL JUST TO MAKE IT.... SMH... AINT SELLING MY SOUL FOR #PARTYRIOT .. ILL WORK #HARD than PLAY
soy rocio:p
look at the photographer you've become.
Atlanta Hawks jump out to an early lead 9-0 against the Bulls, the Hawks playing solid defense so far
hear hear!
Uh, does that mean all the screen shots in your book are now obsolete?
#Gemini season in 3 weeks.....the best sign!!! I mean it's 2 of us so why not!
Snap your ass back in to reality hoe you ain't on #jerseyshore so don't act like a #DTF KINDA of bitch
Great job by singing the National Anthem ! Now, let's play ball!
Six flags <3
If my wife finds out, she
but if they don't not comprehend then its redundant.
OMG my face in this picture is definitely just going to scare him instead
come with it!
Only best friends can play with a balloon for an hour and still have fun(:
When is GoDaddy going to add the "No Fuck You" button to sales cart add-ons?
All festival attendees will get a $4 off coupon for ! RT if you're excited to tour the museum.
the date on tweets is the date u tweet it not the date it was first tweeted
I honestly can't remember the last time I've worn real clothes? Norts and a tee everyday.
IT'S NOT FUCKING OKAY. BULLYING IS NEVER OKAY. GET THAT THROUGH YOUR THICK SKULL.
;; I just had to walk like 7 miles , and I'm still freakin walkin
obama didn't grow up christian and I'm in the process of learning about it, but I still don't see any problem,
irealb is the best fakebook solution for a jazz musician. write out chord charts, easily import fakebooks. cheaper than a realbook
Ahh.. sorry about that. Good thing you're tweeting though and not tied up in a trunk or something
Love the Fab Finds! www.lebury.com Check us out!
Hella Projects To Finish Up.🎥🎤🎧
Nfl Draft! Go Pack Go get Nick Perry!!
High 5! RT : introduced and to this morning on the way back to Tigertown....
you can literally just down the pee fast and be alright, the semen will creep down the glass
I have a Giggs, and I got one with my nickname on the back of it for christmas.
Yes, we carry the entire Paul Mitchell line.We may not have the product in a set, but it's Buy2,Get1 FREE, right now!
I'm pretty sure you can look on your phone without kneeling down. -___-
Mention me if u want a txtn buddy
A small bald man was pan-handing in the subway. Then, he suddenly began to meow at me. Kenneth, I just don't understand the frequency.
#soyuz has a precious cargo :) ... #Boricua on board.. LOL
Just woke up and already thinking about a nap before I get ready for work. Haha. Time to move around.
hm I'm stumped on Q3
am going to go shop around on Friday and just wanted to see what time you'd be there...
We've got an anthropologist involved, but only because I married her first.
Who else watches Million Dollar Listing? As I said before, you can learn a lot from the show!
Thanks 4 the Mention!
I can also say I was the only girl in my advanced math classes in high school and I was regarded as insane.
you should just post more though :3 cos it was like perfect
Of course
GO KOMETS! Time to win the cup tonight!
In 1975, the first United States National Marine Sanctuary was established: the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary!
THE WIZ is still the best movie I've ever seen.
I started a new one RT : that app sucks!!! Why does it always do that?!? Grr
Happy New Year! And Happy 2012!
I wrote a son about my son who has autism. You can download it for free at www.harkerwolfley.com I hope you find it inspiring.
Yeah, we won't be seeing Aroldis Chapman with the if he throws like that.
And I'm pretty sure they have that authority.
Is there a "revert back to the gmail that doesn't give me eye strain" option?
Step one: stand next to a road.
Awesome. I mentioned that yours was an inspiration for ours.
thanks for a great event tonight.
I smile every time I c a call or a text come thru. Don't know if I should be feeling this way this soon. I can only see what happens*scared*
Broken Hook Bitter and Testy Trout IPA ready for MCN silent auction. Be prepared.
We follow anyone who hashmarks
Getting kind of amped for the new season of #TrueBlood to start...
You bewitched me, body and soul, and I love you...Pride and Prejudice
what the f--k
'd rather have Brockers. He's the one that reminds me of Seymour/Haynesworth
LMFAO just working like Mexican lol... But right now i'm down some paper work to go back to school :)
lol how's your family taking it
Happiest birthday ! Here's to a lifetime of success! 🍺
18 days left!!
RT : But I say, walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh. (Galatians 5:16 ESV)
That's a very nice space. Have a productive day.
Starting the morning off with a grilled cheese sandwich and some Fresh Prince of Bel-Air... No telling what this day will bring
I blame dis shit on bosh how Da fuck u get injured
Come on Ducks... you can do it.....
I love when that happens!
I take MORE crap from people than I should...
If you get a tweet from me that seems not business related, just go with it. I always forget to switch accounts.
I need strength to get through these next few weeks. This not my month.
Bike riding to work again. So invigorating!
sushi with my big brother :)
I agree, the refs are not gonna give the Niners any breaks today.
I'm very close to pulling the trigger!
Bitch Im Moving On Up!! While Yall Seeing The Same Shyt Yall Was Seeing 3 Years Ago!!
i definatly will! :)
Omg here comes the talk -_____-
The Hounds Below are killing it!
wouldn't be the first time xD are you challenging me?
The sun is shining, birds are chirping, people are smiling, and I just got 11 hours of sleep
If my baby come out ugly, she/he gonna know how to hag, know how to dress n have high self esteem.
Remington Capital Can 'Bridge' Your Loan Requirements.Banks aren't your best bet. Traditional lenders aren't known for being quick.
Hi Dwane :) They went out in the mail on Wednesday so you should be getting them soon
Happy Bday Big Boyy! What's the word for tonight?!
Love Toyota reinvent spot. especially poopless baby.
Currently in first place w my bracket in our office pool.
RT : Nothin better than waking up to the voices of the ones u love..good morning..,hav a blessed and beautiful Sunday
College Sweethearts Find Love Again After 60 Years Apart, Marry In Their 80’s
And the hush falls over the audience for #TDKR trailer . . . Then cheers, applause, can't wait for that movie!!
YAWN. STRETCH. SMILE.
BIW celebrates their annual Xmas event in Notts tonight. More importantly has Woking or Nottingham won the inter office 5'a'side match?
#Dinnertime! Gotta do burritos!
Craziest day at work ever..... that's an understatement. This suppose to be my day off
I come in handy on occasion! You should sign up for the weekly Duotrope newsletter, too. New markets, contests, etc.!
Page says: "Already invited? We've temporarily exceeded our capacity. Please try again soon." Hope it opens soon.Thanks Sherree!!
Apparently riding your bicycle after being inactive for a couple of months is not the best idea...
and ballers going to ball #Wayne .lol
RT : A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. ~Nelson Mandela
I changed the speed of my mouse, now I feel like i’m watching a puck during a hockey game—just with an arrow…
thank u Benny!
and when you think you like it, i promise you gonna love it
Prepping for Fridays Westword's Best of The West! Shaving our backs for better aerodynamics and eating as much chili as possible!
Kiss me I'm drunk
Keep on tweeting the hashtag for a better chance to win! Good luck! :)
Be a #thriller but not a (whos) bad gurl!
Are you tired of scrubbing your own pool? Cleaning the filter? Scooping out leafs? Call Aloha Pool Care to the rescue!
I can be a bitch too.
Insomniacs UNITE
so many jokes about killing kittens ("bullet points kill kittens") and mentions of drupal (even though mostly to note how useless it is).
Bilas 4 president RT: As expected, Bilas tops President Obama in the Bracket Challenge. Commander-of-Swag beats Commander-in-Chief.
bad day bad month bad year
Thank You :D!
okay! Just making sure!(:
Employers should have faith. The social media PW topic is a hot one lately!
#Youwannaimpressme then come to our #BlacklightPartyOct22 in Dallas w/ and show me your dance moves!
Ball: "[Knowing and doing] enough is a journey, not a destination."
SHOT OUT to for ALL your entertainment needs they do it ALL...FOLLOW THEM
these girls be flexxin talkin bout sucking dick and eating pussy knowin damn well that they get scared in real life #toosoon?
BUT I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THAT I WAS FLIRTING WITH YOU. Fuuuck.
perlaza scores first goal!!!!!!!
Very interesting column AP.Your point is well taken about blocking.Maybe newer fans need more offense.I like the blocks myself.
Hello. Have a great weekend
The next time I see a computer I'm deleting my twitter. It's just unhealthy now.
Try a at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC to "nourish your mind to support calm, focused thinking with enhanced memory function". Register today!
O Holy Night, The Giving Season, Only --- More Shopping Days,
where in Wisconsin?
came out with 55 different color washes for their skinny jeans, my 5 favorites: Chalk, Silver Sage, Sphinx, Tapenade, Violet Blue
I have stories for you for tomorrow! Haha
if I'm ever employed, this summer/fall/next year I am going BUCKWILD with music festivals/events
No sleep in two days. #insomniafail -- no sleep in the fluffy Hyatt bed is a crime :(
Eventful night to say the least...
Awhh I love waking up to birthday voicemails  Love my friends 
The full run of Pakistan Forum is on JSTOR
thanks for the intro to !
happy birthday bro(: Hope it's a great day:D
They don't distribute their brews this far west but I would love to have it!
Look forward to hearing #DrewRosenhaus on #60Minutes explain how "NFL will fall apart without him"....should be interesting!
Q6 In walking cities, could they bolt laptops on a cart and take the computer part of the lib to the streets like a hot dog stand?
What a long week. I can't wait to be at in a few minutes drinking with my friends
Glee just got to real for me we with puck failing and Rachel choking
Thanks, Justin!
Thx for the shout out!
°o° Watching Neil Patrick Harris perform at #wdw Candlelight Processional - even with horrible 6-deep standing-room-only it's awesome!
“: Aaron Craft best defensive perimeter and maybe all around in college ball!” Hahahahahahah
#ItsAwesomeWhen my mom asks to come into my therapist sess and she makes it sound like she's perfect...
3 year anniversary party announcements coming this week!
WATCHiN MOB WiVES ^.^
all you tweet about or tweet to is :D he is pretty cool though...:D
TEA & HONEY & CHEERINESS :) ... and sleep
Done for the night
: S/o Happy Birthday bro!
Any negativity, regardless of if you think someone deserves it, is a reflection of the individual releasing it.
Even the weather knows its finals week.
Yo...on some real shit.... New Jersey Drive>>>>>>
Awww, I will! Thank you!
I feel like I should have a box of tissues for each episode of
Yeah! Finished cutting Spring leaves for my pretty glass tree! Gluing next, photo update, then on to Summer!
What happened to your back?!
I spend a lot more time & energy on CDs flaws than Dems probs. His are much more significant.
amazing poetry
Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. -Marilyn Monroe
they're supposed to be a great brand. Let me know how you like them, been thinking about a new pair since my Saucony's are old.
Your Welcome!! Hope you have fun today! :)
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 490. 482 calories burned.
WISHING I WAS THAT LUCKY GIRL THAT WOULD RT AND FOLLOW BACK:( BUT WONT EVER HAPPEN BUT JUST INCASE I HOPE YOU SEE THIS ALEX
so it seems. It baffles me that folks put their @ on a biz card or e-sig and then are 'protected'. Sends a bad signal to me.
It's hard to tweet from Afghanistan! Hope to find a better way to make this happen.
#BELIEVE Is going to be amazing ! Ill be the one who's first in line. : )
Looking for a nonprofit position working with one of these areas: Volunteer Coordinator, Youth Leadership, Development, or Walk Coordinato…
“: I hate giving niggas the satisfaction of fucking me just because I enjoy the sex.” <--- but we love you for it!!
that I am! Good ol Long Island..
starting my masters degree today. Let's do this.
#CrossEyedNipples is trending...which of my former lovers let the cat out of the bag?!
OccupyMN is back-- where will they be and what are they protesting now?-- you can find out at 8:30 on
I love making a good ol' hearty din din for the family! They don't have to say they love it, the clean plates tells it all!
sweet I'll look into it, thanks!
Hello there! Look forward to working with you on upcoming #Schoology projects!
You should travel in to give us a try.
“: u asked, i followed. thanks. btw, is it rude to call a trumpeter a blow-hard?” depends if it before or after a gig ;-)
I'm working with Andre and to update all the social networking, can you send me a DM to get in touch?
thanks for the trophy!
im chillin keepin busy how u
Turns out my 8th grader is not too cool to dress up as Frida Kahlo for an art history presentation! Hooray for her beauty and bravery!
If there are Chaco Tacos, why aren't there ice cream enchiladas or ice cream burritos?
Russell Brand is divorcing from Katy Perry after 14 months of marriage. "Oh no! I was sure they would stay together forever!" said no one.
#free daily download of "Bandit of Love" by Jenny Dee & The Deelinquents
Bet that kitchens hot.
Buildings consume 40% of energy transportation 28%
If you could achieve any one goal in your life within 24 hours, which goal would have the greatest impact? Health? www.healthfacts4all.com
Get psyched for ND-USC next Saturday night!
thank you lord for an awesome year:) lets make this next one better:)
"my back, my back" oh nm I'm okay. Gonna run back out here now. :-|
Great googly moogly! Watching cartoons with my neighbor Ayana.
has spent the summer reading scripts by the pool and drinking mojitos, resulting in an exciting fall and winter season to come!
#lies that we can't afford every single person in this country, is unfounded. It's there for all who stop living the lie and accept
before i go can we just all take a moment to admire how sexy looks in my icon
We will be posting some new videos later today!
Loving the new secretary.
I'm thankful for my family and friends and country music and just everything I got
oh, i'm putting that on the list. Never would have thought to look.
"Release the kraken!" -President Obama
I hate people who put on fronts to fit in & wanna be bad but around they peoples they ain't shit!!
Going to Austin for stuff to make the next custom leather guitar strap.
thanks for the follow arynn! i like how you spell your name!
Completely understandable. Thanks for the consideration! Good luck w/ the new school year!
Don't be jealous of My Boogie! RT you 2 need to get off twitter its to early
No pics & No followers= Fake page
OK Gov on May 8 signed law directing agencies and higher-ed to achieve 20% improvement in energy efficiency by 2020.
I just learned the word peroration. Thanks, !
I enjoyed seeing him escorted out. What a tool.
#QuoteThis if #Butler keeps it close. They will out play #Florida in the end and make it to the
already following you! follow me back!
Sophia, Isabella and Emma top baby girl names in country. Country apparently living in Jane Austen novel.
No problem. -- LA, for the most part.
See you both there!
Hey, I think it's weak that you banned me from posting on Engadget because I called you a hipster. Unblock me!
Hell Yeah ! U already know.but aye i work at wendys now
I love being in the big room for the keynote. I'll probably get in line before 8am and make it.
I won't be watching bc I have to study LOL #fU 😃
that was quick
It's hard to let go of people who mean so much to you but sometimes it's necessary to promote growth in both parties.
Why the fuck is this man talking about voting. We can't fucking vote.
having some friends over.(: , , Bailie.<3
Exactly Germs Much Something I Simply Do Not Play With
Depressed because of this book 😔 this book had nothing happy in it at all lolol it just kept getting more depressing and more depressing😢
thanks for getting threw my long drive...can you put on some
As much as I want to do things my way and take matters into my own hands...I'm keeping my peace...I'm going to keep still...and it works!
I know but she thinks that we are all around the same age and them maybe a year younger xD
We think this coming Tuesday is the real #SuperTuesday bc it's your first chance to catch #LOSTINYONKERS! Previews start 3/13
get those new clubs out!
A determined soul will do more with a rusty monkey wrench than a loafer will accomplish with all the tools in a machine shop
hell yea Cash Is That Nigga he deff did his shit wit it
RT Warped Tour in two months. Get stoked.
Agreed! RT : I could drink the Wild 5 Amber sour ale all night.
Much fun was had and much more fun to come
let's go sometime please:]
JESUS SLAPPED YOLO IN THE FACE!
for sure! will let you know when i touch down :)
I say lets boycott America's got talent which is British owned as the joke it is boycott the sponsors and Howard
#LAMHarvard LAM fourth entity: metadata aggregator. SChapman How do we turn this into an opportunity?
Are you coming to Portland on tour? And was right, you were fantastic during the National Anthem during Playoffs.
I fucks wit all of them they get it in !!!!
It takes a bold man to wear pink gingham shirts. Cheers to you cta man...
Love that the 1st convo of the day with is an argument because locked us both out of our account because of login error
....coming in around 1 pm or 2p tues. never heard FROM DD or Ty? U around?
Just had a good swim, stretch and core body burn. Try bringing your workout to the pool and you'll never get bored of your exercise routine.
I 'liked' your page- love your clothes. That fitted daisy skirt is so pretty!!
That show would only be improved if Flavah Flav had to choose from Ice Truckers!
The nigga missed
Pls follow amazing actress, in May on & coming soon new movie #LeftTurn w/actors from
Sucks then that Im not musically inclined... ;-)
same here. i'm still watching the news :-/
Do you make 100 % of your income from photography? And what % of your clients say your web site brought them to you?
Enjoy 's new show... It's very reminiscent of my early-20s experience... charming, funny & clever. Even my guy watches & laughs.
why do you say ok after every tweet lol ok
Does this phone thing work?
"Can we go see Titanic 3D? No homo"
Peace Organizations around the world UNITE!
Truest statement I have heard all week. A lot of times its about interpreting advice from multiple points.
no I'm not
It's 3:00 and still can't sleep!
Can I have some? Got some student loans to pay
only way to Bee.
The Believe Tour starts next week apparently. why aren't we going?
Its always playing basketball
funny thing about all this stuff today is that it's easily the best press she's ever gotten, and will help her career immensely
On to the 2nd and it's tied at 1.
Mike, Rand Paul is not going to be the VP pick under any circumstances.
RT : Q4: #MAMAVATION MOMS WILL BE GETTING IN A MINIMUM OF 10K STEPS PER DAY. HOW DO U GET ADDITIONAL STEPS IN?
hide it again and see if he thinks it is funny...8-)
Gettin my hair done....
Got my spring game ticket
So this time, I finally will put my foot down. I'm tired of hearing their crap about how that person hurt them. Guess what?
I guess I'm being to much of a burden on my parents.
I went back to the first blog you wrote & just read them all - WOW. Thanks for sharing the pain & frustration.
Buffalo had a big win tonight too!
Have a great weekend, Supertweetah! (the man of titanium with the Bawsthun accent).
thanks for the heads up - I think I fixed it, but I'll check again tomorrow.
Good morning from the #NURFC #Cincinnati. What will you do today to #FantheFlame?
Paris mtgs going well. Saw some old friends from Tokyo, interestin​g Nike event last night (incl​ good music, of course!), n slept well!
Look at the correlation between political ideologies, wild conspiracy theories, and spelling ability...just saying - missed
why am I up this late?!
"if it was 4 hours before my wedding and I looked like that I'd have a conipshit"... I'm in tears
I've been in strong like ... It sucks “: Being in love with two people seems complicated af. Hope that never happens to me :/”
RT : couldn't have killed my erg test today w/out delicious start: #highperformance food from the farm!
I most def need a tan
Im just waiting for you to give me some pointers!!
Lmao like I said I can swim underwater ')
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning...waking up before the SUN! That should be illegal somehow!
awesome show tonight at UCB theater, really funny kept me laughing at all times, good job.
Well, that makes two of us then. The backlash starts here!
oh nice. have any snow yet?
"I hate living in braddock absolutely hate it nobody fuckn delivers to dis place ugh" you know this been like that 4 years lol
North County manhunt - PD looking for a man suspected of shooting his pregnant, teenage gfriend through the stomach - killing her and baby.
RT Props to for calling out #FGC sexism on CC Live without "sky is falling" rhetoric. Let's fight like gentlemen!
Sipping on cognac enjoying the evening with th kids....and amazed
congrats to gary harris on Mr. Basketball...idk why your leaving the state to play tho...smh
lies! you said she was smart
as part of our travel show i ma very interested in doing a show on oklahoma & its native american history. the u.s. is a beautiful country.
idk I guess I was hungry lol.
yeah he is, need to get some goals in this period!!
"My wife can sleep wherever but I want my two dogs by me"- guy at dealership
HA! RT : #astronomyPickUpLines Are you dark energy? 'Cause you're making my expansion accelerate....
i want to follow me!:(
shrimps on the barbi?
Happy Anniversary William & Kate! Cheers to many more years of happiness and love!
finally (!) made it out to open mike Monday at Lestat's. So much talent out there, including great songsters and a sword swallower.
Excited for #sdsms to get started this morning!
i need somethin lucky do go down so i can get out this funk
Is this kid still talkin ?
rap but not hardcore
They Say The Sky Is The Limit But How ? #Biatch I'm MOON WALKIN' !
Is anyone out there working with 5d mkII files in Avid Media Composer 4?
I'll continue to defer to your expertise :) I constantly refer people to your site. Always happy to collaborate with you.
Congrats also to on her dean's recognition award too!
Wait, did I just tweet that swooning out loud? Oops, sorry.
Good Morning Everyone! :-)
Glendale Community College! That piano was definitely used! Awesome idea that needs to be done again.
Seriously??? Cloud bought 11 tickets at a SpeedStop. "My 401(k) is worth so little. My only chance to retire is Mega Millions," he says.
Called T-Mobile re unsolicited text spammer charges; they say burden is on me to reply STOP, per FCC. My research shows this to be bogus.
A sweet girl!
Thank ME?! You're the ones with the raviolo, ricebeans and endive salad! Thank YOU! RT : thank you!"
Training schmaining! You are going to tear it up! cc
If my skin was at least one shade lighter, I would totally dye my hair platinum blonde.
Who's going to Magic in Vegas?
“: Sometimes you got to accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they used to be.”
Tip 2 for conference prep from "Don't forget to bring notes on those specific organizations you want to engage"
I hate u chelsea
Dirty Joke Alert: "How do you make your wife scream for 2 hours after sex? Wipe your d**k on the curtains." For more follow
Agreed RT : is about his business, one of the hottest artist in the game.
Kyle Lohse and Bob Feller mentioned in same breath. Alert the Mayans.
"A righteous man may have many troubles, but the Lord delivers him from them all." Psalm 34:19
I promise i don't have any fucks to give.
has a high school shadow...that poor kid will learn nothing...
Thanks Matt!! RT : Shoutout to my friends <- great sports fans who give back to their community.
My how times flies - exactly 5 yrs ago right now I had butterflies in my stomach and was about to lead my 1st ever food tour.
i'll be back believe me i can't go all season without going to a saints game..i'm regretting the decision i made to move to fl
fOLLOW FRIEND AND GET FOLLOWED RUSH
"If they don't love it they hate it well get yo hate on n**!"
Social Media Distortion
What's the best drink to have during the game of the century?
Full House♥
Bullying sucks.
A fire-damaged house can be very dangerous. It may be structurally unsound. If it is, the fire department will not allow you on the site.
U cannot beat California weather.
Who do you think will win the SuperBowl?
I'd kinda like to see a comic book movie in which hundreds of innocent bystanders die horrible deaths. It's just weird when they don't.
So coach is bouncing back on Friday?
Thanks for #listing #WritingEditing /marketers-techies !
my movie name would be
#everyoneisanartist MSG ( is all over the place)
Nice bulb. How about warranty of this item? With so many LEDs, heat sink is a problem.
yes, sir.
I'd rather be hated by a lot of people instead of being ignored by the person who means the most to me.
Haven't seen Mizzou play in awhile...impressive. Could be a good play in early rounds (16-8-1 as Fav this season, 7-3 as dbl digit Fav)
I'm crying out of pure frustration right now.
#kids Endangered Species Day: Endangered Species Day from Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 3:00 PM Dallas...
Been out with a cold. Back now. How about that Reagan Library Debate? Republican debate on a liberal news station with liberal hosts???
should join Indy as an engine supplier, Who Agrees?
thanks so much! those two are adorable, my god!
It's always fun to have my bags searched at the airport. The small airports are definitely more thorough. And the pilot carried my bags!
who has time to beef? i got too many things to worry about! atl, denver, minnesota, memphis, mia are what im focused on this summ
Gettin my hair cut
I should have screenshot my Bob Dylan #drawsomething it was frickin legendary.
I heard that Prince actually had a really terrible New Years Eve in 1999. After all that anticipation and pow! Food poisoning.
What's your e-mail Bobbi? Been trying to get a hold of you for a booking.
RT : I am a Conservative: People, in fact, do "choose to be poor" when they choose to do the stupid things that make and...
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam this Thursday from 7 to 10.
thanks for the follow Joe! Take care.
Hopefully we'll see you in Indy at the end of the month!
Glad you like it!
I'll take them off your hands
seeing change thru Don's eyes allows me to see the other side of change that i cant grasp in the present
Noreen Evans Stop taxing California is broke We are broke and over taxed your programs don't work keep fire and police cut the rest
With the success of the Avengers film, here's hoping they "finally" make a Sleepwalker film.
Yea! Figured out how to add categories to my store, now I need to figure out how to add the items to the category.
That would b nice, but I'm far from the beach :(
Dem constituencies don't have 'hobble the Federal govt.' as an objective the way Repubs do.
Fun night of tennis & chicken fingers at BNP Paribas Showdown. Go Sharapova!
“Broken Vines” Supporting Actress – Sophia Angelica will singing and interviewed on Good Day New York on July 4th.
CALL ME
S/O to and my new teammates at Bellarmine in the Fall
thank you. I will keep u posted on my new songs. 
I'm on www.netvibes.com This is a very cool RIA,.
#imagine Austin:the world is full of beautiful things but not as beautiful as you♥ *kisses you passionately* -anna
Hey troll face (: He wasn't Indian. :O His best friend's so much better sorry. He's cuter. J-J
A group og us should just get together and throw big citywide bashes.
sfjazz collective rocked a packed herbst theater last night. standing ovation for their originals and stevie wonder arrangements.
I have an idea
Position open for a senior doc attorney for top financial firm to act as head for corp trust trans grp.
This is hands down the smartest thing you have ever said.
In her hair and her walk in her legs in her talk in her smile in her eyes in her air in her thigh, In her story, I wanted I
shot aerials in the north county recently. Matt, the pilot at Civic Helicopters did a good job getting us into position.
Paul Reid, author of the forthcoming The Last Lion, Defender of the Realm is tweeting . Follow him.
Never had a team growing up in #Baltimore, spent two years living in #Phoenix and working with/closely to the #Yotes. Fell in love.
I'm definitely not proud of myself
My love of pizza really can't be overstated.
let's go Idalou Wildcats. Does Peat think we will Repeat!
show me love
let me talk to them and see whats crackin!
Wow...Pats lookin' good right now.
So difficult just to GET on the boat -- had to actually push hands off the ladder just so I could climb aboard
Eli just needed big bro to take a year off to become his own man.
Day one is down; broken arrow, broken sword, broken battle axe. No broken bones or spirits. So far, an #indiefilm success!
"Just as companies now compete on quality, communities will too." Collaborative Economics
•| FOLLOW & RETWEET |• for a chance to win a $100
The feeling like a part of me is missing
#YOLO is for ppl who make decisions off emotions before reality catches up.
I love Chicago! I lived and worked there for 6 years and met my husband there! Great city.
Break out the #golfclubs Time to shine 'em up boys. #canucks Congrats on another good season
I'm freezing to death in the warmth of your arms. You're wasting my charms.
thanks for following us !!!
#4: Plan for effective & frequent communications. Create #CRM comm plan. ID key leaders, msgs, timing, ownership. Tailor your msgs.
We will follow the "advise" of people rather than word of God.
In a little over a month , my mommy will be seeing me graduating. And i can't wait to hug her again  Happy Mothers Day
Until friday i will be in a bad mood
Things that are exciting and frightening at the same time: graduating and starting a family. At the same time.
TONIGHT, ESPY'S AFTERPARTY @ PLAYHOUSE WITH SPECIAL GUEST DJ JERMAINE DUPRI!!
We have top men working on it. TOP men.
I need to complete 2/3 questions, prepare for my flight tomorrow, and start on homework before the #Pirates tonight. Busy busy busy!
Frustrated... Again.
<3 Chris Rock!!
Know thine enemy...it may be yourself and your view of the world.
#Scandal is off the hook! They're not playing tonight!
"celebrate life on this planet and all its capacities"
nothin' looking for a domewhere to live :/
Time to focus. Vacation is over
Good AC in the apt+ refund check+ernesto's pizza= cool, happy, fat kid.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
We'll see though. It's not like the franchise has good luck with first through third round picks.
i just had a break up can i get a replay to make not kill myself.
the world continues to shrink! It was a pleasure to work with the team to plan the concept.
that was the term used in the GOPs presentation!
you and the crew dne with jersey shore ? lol
thanks for the RT's today! Great sessions at the conference.
Saturday night, watching kick it on
thanks for coming!!
I would like to go on Sunday to see Brand New. *cross my fingers* This Good Robot will be playing sunday!
You could tell that BOTH Jason and Sam wanted... more. But that they're struggling to bridge the gulf between them.
I thought you didn't like them?
Nobody ever gets me, nobody ever will.
At the gate ready to board. Flight leaves at 720. All of our seats are scattered. Tired ha. Getting excited.
#Wranglers lead the Kelly Cup Series Finals 1-0
I need you here with me
Tablet computers that don't have GPS can still be tracked with apps that use Wi-Fi hot spots for tracking.
“: Well it's clear Herb Dean is sleeping with Figueroa. 2 points for biscuit shots...He mad.” first time ever seen that :0
TOMORROW! Backseat Goodbye, Goot, and more! $10, Rochester American Legion @ 5:30. Be there!
dude. Just had feeling we needed to bag those goals wholesale.When City got 2, you could feel it coming
Good morning! #Oscar night!
mhm! Biffle is pretty awesome! But I am definitely a girl all the way!! :) :)
"In love she is always winning" What?
Yes actually, but we need help with the programming. It depends when has time....
"Yo , my VDay guilty pleasure movie is Sleepless in Seattle."
Merging two company’s does not happen overnight. It takes time for adjustments to be made and for everyone to acclimate to a new situation.
tweet tweet caroline!
RT I hate when someone doesn't respond to me but can talk to others
I'll see what I can do.
I've been a long time Palm fan and that fandom just got stronger today.
RT iF i Be Messin With You (Girls)
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 5, 2012 Inside GET-THIN The obesity empire built by Julian and Michael Omidi comes under scrutiny
Yeah, right? Tony's getting funny!
DTRO CEO Discusses the Roa... 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
6 year old apparently killed after jumping out of his moms suv when she pulled over to talk to the mailman. Child locks aren't just for cops
I dig spotify, but haven't paid to use it from my phone.
I am thinking diversely Ryan, no need to be specific, anything that wasn't tradition theatre years ago
Don't bother me. I'm living happily ever after.
Hanging out with , , and for bday party!
haha at that point it's like "watch me not be so forgiving on your ass when it kick it!!!"
I need to buy two kids from somebody for my taxes. And I need to get on somebody insurance male/female. Real talk get at me
Even tho that 3hr nap i took after work was amazing ...now i cant sleep!
w/ Settle (Epitaph Records) this Thursday 8/6 @ The Factory in Rochester - Kevin Devine afterparty - $5 or free w/ stub - 10pm - all ages!
Where'd all this #snow come from!? Crazy how the weather here changes at a moments notice!
so true! hehe RT #phrasesthatdriveyounuts "Let's take a listen." (used by news commentators)
RM theory? There is such a thing?
how many waters can I drink & smuggle out from Lexus today?
“Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.” ~Henry David Thoreau
45 minutes until we announce the Mendeley-PLoS Binary Battle Apps for Science winners. 5PM GMT / 9AM PST
Im tired , slept only 3 hours -_- .
The 1st behind the scenes blog on my fitness shoot with Laura Wright has been published to www.brandonphotos.com. Check it out now!
omg I'm such a big baby I would've cried lol
Hehe;)) and I don't know why he isn't in, I don't think she was allowed to tell me?:)
The rains continue, with the clouds hovering day after day. Is this really San Diego?
Hope he's mindful of the tons of people that are relying on his forum to sell WSOP action
You're most welcome!
brilliant! my kids are older, but i remember those days!
My sister's a fucking psyhcopath i swear.
u eat my food and the murder case will become the next casey anthony trial
999...Guess who I just ran into here in Washington DC?
Yeah but I have to go to school anyways.
lmaoo everyday of my life :)
Spring Break! Hope everyone has safe travels and a fun week off!
Largest Scentsy order in the world?
hear Field Recordings composer w/ Jason of + tonight in NYC!
S/O to my homie u killed it last night man! Salute
WE appreciate the follow! You've got a great web site w/ lots of interesting resources.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves
In Pixley with my #dying Grandpa Fred O'Conna Johnston, 86 yo March18. Says "I just need to know someone's there." Camped by his bed.
Woo don't front on me you better be going to Vegas !
Definitely a Brian Blade / Soy Latte kind of morning.
If you're not willing to fight through the pain, you must not want it bad enough. -Me and probably someone else at some point
we geet to play owners vs players...you get to be roger goodell or pres of the plyrs union
God is good all the time!
Happy Easter!
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein
can we see new pic of you guys together
Tomorrow is the big day? Ready for the speech?? So proud of you.
Movie recommendation is Seth Rogan in "Pineapple Express"
same..ugh
i hope your mind overdose Thinkinngg !
there doesn't exist one but I've had good success at crystal city sports pub and mister days on Virginia side
. The fact that you're coming to State today lifts MY spirits! #didn'tpacklunch
Relate the causes and results of the Revolutionary War
I feel ya
If u don't feel at least a pang of red & white pride at the game, the cold New England winters have driven you batty. Go #Wings!
Have a great time at the conference! look forward to hearing all about it.
So I should have a more boring job in theatre? Aren't we in theatre for the interest and excitement of the job itself?
Perfection needs pain......and i wont stop fighting for this...no matter what, cause i m so close.....♥♥♥♥
No doubt. First game...long season!
so rainy!
Happy new year
Its #nationalgrouchday lol! I could find something to be grouchy about.
Ready to return to pdx :)
you ain't the only one we both
Great job Drew Brees..Go Saints
Hey, , what's going on this weekend?
Just saw my friend on wheel of fortune
wish I could have time off to go to the 24hrs...too busy..a good thing
Who is the best rock group of all time?
I laugh at that name...what is it with women and cupcakes? SU is a good school!
We want to welcome & to the Transform Music Group family.
I am a hustler baby. I'll sell water to a whale. -The one and only "J" Hump it up and #Hustle!
Definitely agree in migration 2 tech. Gap btwn PPL who purchase & people who Use/implement = fail
RT : Sometimes I simply breathe.
#thatawkwardmoment when the lights are off in the boys' bathroom and someone is actually inside...
oh thanks! that's so nice of you. bwa ha! no way, man!
oh oh: ridonkulous!!! I actually used it today, not on purpose. Then I ran to the bathroom and threw up.
please do a cover of Justin Bieber song Boyfriend please
My birthdays 4 days after Niall's..just in case <3 DM us!
shoot at you with that luger, come at you at night and murder you, Freddy Kreuger.
I can't make any promises.
Thanks to all "SNO" Clothing follower's. New Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt coming soon!!! www.snoclothing.com
and there goes my heart. every time i open up to someone, it backfires.
Anytime! :) #SICEM RT Thanks for the mention!
Have you heard of TOPYX?
Swagger. Either your born with it or not.
I'm sure he'll console himself with his championship in Toronto.
Things are under control. Madison & I run that. I can take it down & I found the mistake, she did try to credit Annie,
just totally threw salt, on accident tho lmao.
you monster.
*ding* Cupcakes are done! *slaps hand* No, Twitter, they're too hot! Now go outside and play, I'll let you know when they're cool enough.
Disparate Access to technology throughout MN.
Oh. Well then! Guess I've got my evening viewing :) Thanks!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you special women who've given so much of yourselves to the lives of another!
love the enthusiasm! I thrive on it. I'm an idea man!
#HowToPissAFemaleoff Not texting her back, and taking a year and a day to write.
RT : New winner drawn for Vampire Wear bat wing backpack! That winner is ! Congrats! DM me your mailing address soon.
Always lead never Follow
Sometimes, people succeed because they choose not to listen to the naysayers. How many of you have succeeded in spite of it all?
Hey--there is nothing wrong with Steely Dan (says the guy with a ton of Dan on his iPod).
Coffee or pop to start your day? ~Annie~
hahahahaha no way! I'm a country boy! :)
A dirty mind is a terrible thing to waste. Just sayin, LOL!!!!!
Woohoo! About to take some loads at the bookstore.
Shorter version of why Mitt lies: he's a politician; it's in the job description. ... Why, yes, I AM a cynic; how'd you know?
I think I just witnessed Obama passing the park. Great. NOW CAN THIS FUCKING BUG GO?
If you want a RT hit me you.
