How can steve McClaren blame lack of ambition! He spent more than most other championship managers! Can't stand that waste of space!
Homemade burgers! Yummy!
Middlebrooks! MT :A source confirms Aaron Cook will B added 2 #RedSox roster & Will Middlebrooks is also headed 2 Boston.
Dear Florida, please continue being cold :) You are making business awesome!
Stef: Great to see you again the other night at the mompreneurs event at JCC. Hope to see you soon! Therese'
#MachineGunPreacher has a strong religious subject addresses the civil conflict & crisis in Sudan, ideals, hypocrisy & religious fanaticism
Carlos: "I grow impatient with these Mazeltov crea-" Me: "It's 'Malevolent!'" You're fucking with our minds already...
You know you're emotional if you cried when... the dog died in "I Am Legend" lol
My people are the chosen people
Like this question about the wives...good call, Wolf.
Thank you so much for all your help on "Mike's Crush for Families." It made a huge difference
"Melancholia" is available on Instantly Watch via Netflix. Everyone go watch it now. No, really. Now. Now!
you love me 😘 mooches!
Congrats to on being named captain for 2012!!!!!
My cat is chasin' his tail... Wtf
My mom thinks "Sheldon" from the Big Bang Theory is "nerdy sexy".c: her bf- "You can't be sexy & nerdy."
Not looking good for LA.
Goodnight twitter!
Spent a week watching #crash in one of my major classes!
Popping Nyquil & watching Girls, it's only been on for 2 min & I'm already laughing :)
Why are you always up so late?! And I don't care if you could ask me the same thing! :P
Realized I'm not paying close enough attention when it takes me like 7 sessions or about 50 hrs of exposure 2 realize dude missing a finger
Can't help wht I got . Gotta make do w/ it
90,000 FREE LEGAL GUIDES, LOWEST PRICES. SEE OUR 100 BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM
Me. I'm STARVING.
#ICANN "Defensive Applications" panel for #newtlds is really about "offensive" applications to prevent legitimate competition
brussel sprouts + bacon = heaven.
So today's cafeteria menu has sushi in the 'hot zone'. I think I'll stay away from that zone for lunch
I don't strive to write a bestseller but I'd love to be the author of a cult classic.
Lol I'm up all alone now ..
Headin through the mountains listening to Old Crow
Been there, done that, let me know if and when you need help, because I sure will be there if you need me.
Can't argue with you there. Not making excused for him but he spent alot of energy covering Kobe. Still he did not come thru on O
#SaySomethin Was Amazing <33 lolol... I was Jamming Out!
"As if you could kill time without injuring eternity." Henry David Thoreau
I could come off the bench in the league. I would start for the bobcats tho.
Doing Crossfit again. WOD: Chelsea. I hurt so good.
That's All Folks ! - Epitaph of Mel Blanc
Knee really hurts... Don't know what else to do?
So Sunday is a river in Africa??? De Nile
so wat did u do for your bday
I hate when people put "the" in front of their twitter name. like no.
Hey you!
CHECK OUT THE SITES IN THE "ABOUT ME" SECTION!
Only love let’s us see normal things In an extraordinary way.
i am gonna miss my best friend who is about to leave vegas in a day
Try "lien".
weird-good or weird-bad?
I pray for the children & hope I get give mine the world when they come.
Watching The Big Bang Theory on DVD. This show is hilarious!
#No “: willard turkey club for lunch! i know you feel me ” aw shit might have to make it down this week #cravings”
Yeah I gotta new phone. 770-295-8684(same) You?
lol I would kill myself k
Scutaro is a great sleeper this year
innit! Golly I'm good.
Praying for moms of the 4 young men who died in plane crash this weekend and for Katy Luce as Hannah heals. Only God can comfort !
And they can only get better, right?
Roasted loin of veal w/morel sauce, fingerling potatoes & wild ramps. Life might not get much better than this...
One hour from showtime at the Hermit Club for with Chuck Booms of music and more! Get here! $10 at the door
Anyone else going to #CES this January? I'll be in Vegas from the 4th - 8th.
make sure your fellow workers know whats up, we'd love to hear from ya! #<3
Ready for the race in the morn. Nothing better than the smell of wet suit the night before the race.
Just arrived & might I say it is a pleasure to meet U!
It also has games and a online mall ! I just wanted to share this I thought it would help some of you. www.mrinfoguide.com
you wanna go to vain tonight ?
I would sob.
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
Watching Avengers with my baby :D <3
Hahahaha shit I was afraid my Mafia painting was gonna fall on me an shit. Lol I wonder what thinks about this
Took a trip out to the shop today to count inventory. Its hot as hell outside!!
that's why in Indiana we do our own lawn...
Congrats to my beautiful cousin and #twitterlessjen for graduating from UM today !
did you watch that video..?! YOU NEED TO WATCH IT! And when you do, don't get any ideas, he's mine (;
Yeah, I've started, pretty interesting for sure!
this man needs to lose at some point! Im voting for the underdog lol
I wish shit was the same but I guess its time for a change
Yeah!!!!!! Now what? College basketball is over!!!
Dad was talking real loud,all eyes on us! When I mouthed SHHH< he got mad and turned his head to the side to the table beside us.CONT>
Summer needs to come quicker, All of this stress is killing me.
sorry I didn't get to chat more at the show!!!! It was a zoo! Hope it was good for you and hopefully we can chat soon!
Its real funny how u go outta ur way to help people but let u be the one that needs the help and everyone forgets about u.
hahah yeah. its so random though
We often deceive ourselves to think we are living better than we are. Can you be honest with yourself and God today?
I got some connects I want you to meet
those multicolored shorts are really something… I really can't decide if I love or hate them!
Just registered for #bloggerblitzdc on June 3rd !
Yes I can! !!! LOL.. luv that commercial ; )
*smiles* RT Waiting for the Matthew Broderick commercial.
Your Awesome! My friend say you Cool ;)
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
My boobs hurt right nao.
Okay, enough rain already.
Good morning Fans! How is your Monday turning out??
Ain't seen his seed in 14 days that dude to weak
Huge difference in enchantment between the genY presenter and genOther that I mentioned earlier. GenY lost me a half hour ago.
bye rafi. have a great day
People watching. It's amazing. . . And hilarious on occasion. :-)
Just cost a run! MT : folks talk about the #Brewers shaky defense, that missed cutoff (Corey Hart) is Exhibit A.. Can't happen”
Hows the tour been?!
Big time when it counts you guys RT : That was Martin's first home goal as a Penguin. He has scored five on the road as a Penguin.
hey thanks for the $5 bucks Samsung
Hasso Plattner asks what are the architectural factors for better transactional performance of #HANA?
pacific northwest needs an MLG stop!!!
Friday, May 11th , come on down to The Up & Under on E. Brady St. & help us get into SUMMERFEST! We only get in if you come down & VOTE!
yay!! One for me and one for u lol. We would put our names on their metaphorically.
A Little
And on another note, no more swear words. I use them too much/for no reason
lmfaoo, smh. & I said hi ! Well I hit you :x lol
Looking for #Unix or #Linux #Engineers with strong #networking experience for a company in Seattle. #ISP experience would be a bonus.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
because his tweets get sent to my phone an di read his tweets and when u are always live on twitcam he always talks about u ...
That text I sent him >>
I don't understand how someone can drink 2 energy drinks in one day, just a small one kept me up fur dayz.
Long legged in sidewalk trance; body bends at knees for the cloudsurf advance. Om.
It's night time! Go back to bed! :)
Yes sure but I will have to do it on Monday. Email at and I will send you the complete details
i think you were the only one lol
she was actually likable on that date. She'll probably go to top 5-6 before he sees the nasty side
#TeamFolllowBack #FollowForFollow just @ me when u've already followed me so I can follow u!
What??? R u injured? Ur car totaled
nope babe I didn't cook today..I ordered Chinese.. I have a upper respiratory infection & bronchitis..been in bed dying lbs
Engrossing Georgia O'Keeffe abstractions at the Whitney Museum- saw 2 old friends: 's Blue Sky/Pelvis and Vassar's Spring
Everyone please get ready to help me celebrate a Pats victory on sunday...have a great weekend.
good to know I'm not the only one who's done that. RT : On another note, I crashed myself going 5mph 10 minutes before the race
God choice for Featured Artist! is the shit!
I wish I had a girl but can't because bitches I know will try dick riding me again not mentioning names
More mosquitoes than voters out here!
Tebow haters would still call for his head if he won the next three super bowls. whatever happend to "just win, baby"?
^jw I thought it was that corner but hard to confirm because it has changed so much
RT It's here!! #Liberty555 wait to hear about all the awesome stories that come from this wkd {ditto! BRINGIT!
who cn confirm seeing alleged #monkey tweet re: ?
Here ya be! RT Grandma, request from Elmhurst, Illinois: I CAN'T GET STARTED - Bunny Berigan
yes..you follow me on instagram. You're scaring me.
Well done, ! A real milestone.
Sen. Webb is a great Virginian. Thanks to those asking me to run for his seat. I promise I will look into it closely.
Last night's shutout of the #BlueJays was just the 4th time they've been blanked this season, the fewest times in the AL.
Love getting out early on Fridays.
I'm thinking #BealeStreet tonight...
I have personally invested over $10,000 in the past 2 years on this community.
Aww, you are so nice! Hello, Kathy and Amy! Let's talk books.
Darvish's first game has media far more excited than mostly-empty Peoria Stadium.
A headshot is your key into casting gates. Use a pro photographer! So many #actors have not been called in based on their headshot.
Do whatever the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end whos there ? you '
COOKING UP HITS + = TRON its coming!!!
Just conveniently emailed myself a shopping list from #Epicurious, with little checkboxes and all - bliss... #guesswho'scookingtoday
Job help, networking events: Business calendar - Plain Dealer
Ball So Hard booest of all the bears.
you'll be old one day! Stinky!
yup...#LiveFromDarylsHouse is the BEST damn thing ever!!!....period....;-)) I am so hooked...
Buckeyes put an ass whipping on that POS school up north! Love it!
thanks! I'm so excited, can't wait till tonight!
aww when was this?!
Lmfaoo. Frank Got Me Cracking Up!
Watching Jess work it at 🎤
saw the movie safehouse... not that good. :( had sushi. day 2 of diet good. think i have a bit of a bug. i hope i feel better tomorrow.
While I was researching the pros & cons of "log in as page" on Facebook for the 2 sites I help administer the option disappeared!
On the way to museums and the web conference in philadelphia.
Clark, why is the car still running? Oh all new cars do that honey
We'll see how this goes!! ": Kyle Orton reached a three-year agreement with the Dallas Cowboys."
Are you cheering for the SA Spurs?
What happened to ? Make him come back I miss him
the new girl..
lol, I watched the 1st 7 seasons a year ago i probably woulda forgot if i watched in 2004
Sorry for so many links about the LA Banks auctions! I'm just trying to get word out! I swear I'm not a spammer, you guys!
KG so old he forgot how to set pics smh
I know "Il est beau" :)
$alute to you my G.
Ugh. School
Practicing for live chat on #dlday. Interesting!!
The 9yo HamSter is going to work with his step-mom today for Take Your Kid to Work Day.
Always hold your head up, but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level. ~ Max L. Forman
pet adoption day... Why do I do this to myself!?
Getting up at 4:00a.m. Was the worst idea ever
Yay! Let us know how it goes :)
ADD/ADHD treatment is often done by a team approach of medical practitioners and counselors.
20 push ups Gordon. Keep it on the ground.
'The Initiation of Professor Kimmer', 'Role Play', 'The Crippler', & 'Devolution Reckoning' will also be shown at 4PM at
I wish SOMEDAY I could be Mrs. Alyssa Nicole Holmes Justin Drew Bieber LOVE ME LOVE ME hHEHE GET BABE;)!!!$#
Thank you
is that for real , it was exposed?
Check out photo of cast&me of SAG pilot DPI:Discount Paranormal Investigators www.facebook/discountparanormal
Dinner was great :)
I haven't listened to switchfoot in ages.
Now & then I think of all the times you screwed me over .
Congrats on a successful season! Join us after the game for 80's night at Amber!
Aniston Denies Planning Big Wedding
my birthday was bomb C:
take care of your family. Our thoughts and prayers are with you
Just got Spotify. Should probably listen to a song a day (or maybe 3 a week). Any suggestions to get started?
From our family to yours, both here on Earth or Above, Have a Wonderful Easter!
How about a realistic salary for all around? Say the average median wage? Fair Enough, right?
awesome picture! Kelly definitely belted it tonight!
a secret box willing to be opened...
"I am writing my 'J'accuse,' to have it ready just in case." - James T. Farrell, with words to live by.
"I am still learning." - Michelangelo
thanks for your kind words
Woot! Finished #girlWithTheDragonTattoo last night, now I can go see the movie. I had a feeling that was what happened to Harriet!
Hell only exists with its creator who believes in such a place .. Hell is a myth designed by mystical people
Just arrived in Austin!
FOLLOW ME
Murray.........please no. Looked like an ankle.
Oh, no no no. My playlists do all the talking, it's pretty embarrassing. Funny how the tone of the music legitimately changes.
Uh Now blood the fuck up.. everydays a gamble mathafucka tuff luck
Hm. Too busy ordering a free Wisconsin Cheese Map online.
You got something to wear for your shoot Sunday??
staff predicts continued sales tax growth for next 5 years; 5 percent in fy2012, 3 for the remainder
'Come at me Bro' is actually a catchy phrase. I like it.
For some reason, I am feeling cocky and happily INDEPENDENT today. Headed for the all-American, totally green, INDEPENDENT farmer's market.
Eh, 'love' may have been too strong a word. Bahaha! I kid.
"Go for Gold." official long jumping motto, we're gonna kill southport (:
WMYB on the radio
Back in the city...at 34th waiting on 2 train to Brooklyn
Site just went down...I knew it was too good to be true! We'll be up again soon. Problems with the dedicated IP for our SSL - UGHH!!!
My grandmother is in the hospital and I'm at school. Anyone besides me see anything wrong with this picture?
I miss the #Blackhawks :(
oh i just got a ride from my gma with john ben and landon
I would skips you if my laptop was working!!!
I wish I liked ALL classic rock n roll. But I don't. I have a pretty good music taste I think, though
I think Wordpress and Magento going to much over the head.. The back end users need a simply user friend back end, and nothing else!!!
oh!! Lmao I thought those were called clavicles:p
Still can remember playing soccer during O level year. But we still study anyway. Hahahaha.
What happens is, when I perform, Im somewhere else, I go back in time & get in touch w who I really am.~Etta James...thx Etta... peace
Mastering a new song tonight! Young Widows show at next Thurs - 6/16. Too busy to tweet.
#thatcamp lunch table in con A?
I thought you were a beer person? Lol!
come smoke 1
Ok, you seriously need to go to HEB more often!! like, i wanna meet you!!
Hot chocolate sounds good right now(:
option+apple(command)+Esc
im over getting older
Congrats ! Fantastic news.
Can't wait to hear your
But to live outside the law, you must be honest / (-- you know who)
Happy birthday! Keep doing your thing.
Something about a free iPad 2? I'd say Photoshop or Illustrator would be the app i would like to use from an iPad.
finally done w the ACT
aww true! By the way your phone is gonna die 32% you should charge it
I will punch you in chest and make ur shoulders clap
its me duh
idk maybe cuz i know u so its s bit surreal to see u on the front of a remy weave box lol
#Str8LykeDes... Damn where did my damn day go...
": "Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do." - Benjamin Spock"
Call the colonel we hit the #popcorn #ceiling! Now lets get it #removed for you!
gonna try almond nails! Thanks for the trend!
This is why you need the Kindle app. Never a bored moment!
GOD Is Love.Greater love has no man than this, that a man would lay down his life for his friends. Esteem another before your own
done. Good luck!
...I called someone a spawn?!?! So be it.
Lock and Key singles event tonight at 5. Pub Quiz starts at 8pm. 3 Olives drinks for $3 all night. What a night!
WHAT?? how did you have school?! Im going to complain to them for you lol. Please follow me!!!
Havnt been on here for a while ;p Follow me on (;
The NHL's second outdoor game of the season will take place tonight in Calgary, as the Flames welcome the Montreal Canadiens .
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist wipe me down
I hope so, I want them to beat the heat.
Humboldt Center for Evolutionary Anthropology Fundraiser
You've been hit by, you've been hit by a smooth criminal!
RT like logic that Eagles won't take Cox b/c they've been connected to him >>> Clearly not scientific. Call it strong gut feeling.
I really like dickish tweets. I don't do a lot of them, but they frigging kill me.
yay!!!!!!!! You'll be so proud. Can't wait to see you and hear all about everything.
You too buddy. Let's grab some drinks and catch a game w sometime soon.
Bastille Day 5k race in Milwaukee this summer! GREAT run!
where did u find the scores?
He worries to much
damn your life can end in the blink of an eye. honestly Yolo & you better be careful❤
Gone the way of the tape player? I've very nearly given it up completely.
no tours or anything planned yet but were trying to make some out of state gigs happen this summer :-) I'll keep u updated
Happy Book Birthdays to & Tess Hilmo!!!
I need a break, been working to hard this morning by myself!?
There's something about hearing Tone Loc on a Sunday morning that just seems so natural.
Hop-on closed 300% up. The volume was 960,515,471 shares. It was a good day.
We Only Argue When The Lakers On Ova Den Dat I'm Gettin My Marc Jacobs On
trust me If I could pick up and go I would already be there lol
not that I disagree with that philosophy though.
I know it doesn't mean anything but isn't it nice to see that #mubb scored more points than any other winning team yesterday?
I was right. Tonight's NBA D-League #Showcase #pressboxfood update: BBQ chicken, pulled pork. Served with a side of exhausted.
Agree to disagree. Personally I can't stand it, although I enjoy watching the games.
live life with no regrets
Dont we all :( RT : i miss the iconic boyz
watching Real Madrid vs Barcelona and doing homework at the same time
Louisiana: Adoption Attorney Louisiana
Up early to make banana pancakes before work! Yum!
but I thought today was a good day😜
The Power score a touchdown on their possession, winning 57-54.
RT : BAR to discuss 8 story Marriott hotel on West Main Tuesday.
Tryna have a good week....But,Tryna make new friends
Awe! I miss you guys!
Cutie Alicia Silverstone from Clueless turns 35 today.
That was the worst pass ever
Talking to farmers today about their eggs. Who wants to eat some farm fresh eggs?
I jus texted yu :D . I thought yu forgotten abOut me boo
If my computer not picking up WiFi isn't an indicator that I should stop playing on Facebook and start writing music, I don't know what is.
That one persons attention you can't seem to get
Vodka Tasting & Booksigning at Kepler’s today! The King of Vodka: The Story of Pyotr Smirnov and the Upheaval of an Empire. Free Event 7:30
Dark Shadows was a great movie! Must see. Next is Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter.
Still love the Marlins but that logo is gawd awful ugly.
I rode an elephant at the circus before. It was a lot of fun 
Last few hours of hump day. Time to get your #t-shirts printed
Thanks for the RT!
Trans Hook Festival in NoNo all night every night #open air headquarters at gas station 21st Chrls
What?? #creepingmode Aha.
hang in there!
everytime I try making plans, something always interferes ..ugh
Happiness is new issues of , FDLP Connect, &
I would give away autographed pictures, but then you'd know who I am
Assisted by Danny Welbeck following a fast break.
Hobo with a Shotgun has turned into Ho with a Shotgun.
Must you be a sarcastic asshole when I'm like totally not in the mood to deal with anyone's bs?
New record... STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME! stop targeting me stop George Zimmerman sounded drunk or high
"I might get too drunk and forget my room number." She's back in town as ready to party apparently.
I need summer NOW!!! :(( Beach,Tan,Shopping.
RT : Never doubt your specialness. There is a specific mission on earth that only YOU can fulfill.
There is nothing better than taking a ice cold shower after a long day of work.
Dont forget to get your MALAYSIAN HAIR for the holidays I got mines Pix coming soon!
that cool :)
Nah, probably just Loteria as entertainment..
Sandy Ravage and Randy Savage are both two different icons with plenty similarities
i find that typing on the keyboard very loudly helps
Making some production notes on our new song "Sorry For That" today! Getting ready to have a new song for you! Who's excited!?
Hitchens's sessions with Rushdie was been one of the real treats of having Sir Salman here. Very sorry to learn of his death.
It's way too early! I don't want to be awake
“: And just like that #Braves are down 0-4”<~~smh
Happy Mother's Day!
Sounds like Cliff Christl is spear-heading the Packers Heritage Trail project. Be interesting to see what it's all about.
Time to whoop the Aints
it's a great way to kill time
RIP #Don Cornelius. There goes another piece of my childhood
We have SO MANY scarves... Bring a friend, or nine
I love 2 send u things but the hardest part is not knowing if u get them,do u get all your packages?? I sent u a water globe!! Hugs
you have just inspired me. I don't like ginger, but what about Apple Cinnamon? How would you make that?
Morning treats for the #BlueRock team from Baltimore's Famous #Fenwickbakery !
Going to talk shit about me? Say it to my face next time.
Porsche Announces Cayenne Diesel and All-New Boxster at New York International Auto Show
we need to hang out soon since we are both DIOR and does too!
you truly are a peach. What would I do without you?
Former Lead Inktomi Engineer On Why Google Beat Them
possibly. Check ya later on the week. Go O's!
Thanks for that feedback, Bobby. I'll pass that along to the magazine and to the annual gifts team.
#yhukno something is wrong when it is hot outside like 70 degrees n ppl still got on uggs....got you just standing there like wahhhttttt???
ok last one. Riddle me this. When filled I can point the way. When empty nothing moves me. I have 2 skins, 1 without, 1 within. What am I?
I have nothing to put here right now...
Appreciate it bro
Dc is jumpin....m
The officiating in the NBA is getting ridiculous. Refs make unnecessary calls in big moments so they can be on TV.
Thanks. Love your new report.
Had some good Easter fun at the Callanwolde Fine Arts Center. Beautiful historic mansion only 30-min walk from the house!
What are you doing this #Friday evening #SanDiego?
yes please(:
get on the iPhone tip! Lol
Yes, they keep me on my toes :) Have a great weekend!
No, not only. I also like monkeys (in the bush) ;)
haha, I wasnt trying to be mean... only trying to tell the truth
#edshow Don't believe Bill O'Reilly. Mitt's no benefactor of distressed companies -- but a wolf in Brooks Brothers clothing.
Fast Forward is killing "maneater" right now. Amazing.
Great job scoring
If you're not following , you should be.
Glad to see a state probe over beyonces hospital security shenanigans A few bucks in your pocket doesn't mean the public world is yours
DarenKagasoff. That is all.
the Fish no longer own us!!
and grandpa lol wee needa hangout this week andgo see Aranger movie where like iron men and those super heroes.
That might be less unnerving if I knew what #arld12 is.
this has been a rough week... thank goodness tomorrow is friday, friday, gonna get down on friday...
We just modified a photo
#YEEE GREAT WHICH RADIO STATION?
Prediction of the year RT : We need all that great Seminole defense v. Carolina today. And Dulkys to heat up early & often.
in Chicago this weekend... You spin?
Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter. Try grading/ writing conferences. Would it matter if you had more teacher evals to do?
This might be well worth the late bedtime
thanks, and we love it down here! The only other place we'd consider living is the French countryside :) but San Antonio's fab
Beautiful Las Vegas day
says the reclusive one in the corner
"Diversity" is an old, old wooden ship that was used in the Civil War era.
Tina was mind fucked.
that gave me a good giggle too!
Whelp, Its been real! I fux with all my followers, But to all those not following back...dat ass will be gettin Unfollowed 2morrow
Ugh!! I saw it coming. COME ON CHELSEA!!
Ha! RT : Admit it, At least once in your life, You have tried to balance the light switch in between the on and off position.
hey! And nm just dumb school drama...
Man I'm only half memorized and I perform thursday
congrats dude!
need a drink right now
Forget Carl world. I want to live in world. Gotta get me some of that red wine . ;)
sounds great! Appreciate it.
Lakers aren't good enough to beat the Thunder in a 7 game series unless Kobe has a couple 40-50 point games at some point. But he's capable.
I LOVE playoff hockey! Let's do this Hawks!!!
Can't stop watching the miner rescue, but that tube isn't looking so good and the are at least 34 more round trips to go
Great day! g'night, loves <3
Made it to Tulsa. Time to go find an awesome place.
keep me honest. Can't keep all these girls straight. “: you mean "The Dragon Tattoo"?”
5 Billion For Michael Jackson...Gone Too Soon
What would you suggest instead?
I think anyone who has been in theatre knows more than they'd care to about dressmaking.
But, still got some great deals on shoes tonight from my favorite brand (practically the only one that makes shoes narrow enough), Nine West
Ohh cool (: I live in Denver, it's hot here too lol
": called fake and bake...we all can't be like mr Ones you go Brown you don't turn around.
I love my moms bed
Downloaded the books last night but haven't had a chance to look through them too much yet. Hoping it was worth it ;)
Today is the last home game for Be sure to stop by the Aztec Lacrosse Field at 1 pm today to support the team!
How this shid get to OT?
as always, reading imagines :)
#GreenMorning twitter world.
Visit our site www.engagemyfamily.com and post your topics of interest and like us on Facebook. We appreciate your vote.
It never gets easier. You just get better.
u shld also get rid of ur True Credit monitoring program. Waste of $$. I cancelled it 2 months ago & am still being charged.
Yup, I'm actually the author of Deadline. Thanks for the good words.
I'm not a self-help book, I'm just a fucked up kid.
Is anyone catching this sky right now? Go look outside!
...be unveiled as the New England manager. COME ON EN-GER-LAND !!!!!!!!
Re:| Amen
I hope you got yours. ... I keep mine.
#mindisrunning I thinking about a lot of things 1. and 2. It's not fair my sis and my mom get to go to Cali......
: haha what did you? Security was tight!
Any spooking knocking on door at #uclasandbox?
“: Finally, someone uses the word Bush. Fox News will edit that out.” YES
but i will judge out loud : If you format dates as MMDDYYYY instead of YYYYMMDD, I am silently judging you.
WHY WON'T MY HAIR GROW? :(
? Thug? Have you read his bio? He likes science, books, and his mother's cooking. Like said: non-issue.
Anyone out there interested in joining the package exchange? A spot just opened up and I need 1 participant. Any takers? :)
Everyone thinks we're done with testing...don't we have finals the last week of school?
I believe are complementary and powerful when we combine them
lol now you're like me
Memory is the cabinet of imagination, the treasury of reason, the registry of conscience, and the council chamber of thought...St. Basil...
well where the H. were u for eight hours???
SO TRUE!": It's not always that I take everything too serious, a lot of times its because you don't take things serious enough."
Whoa my dad just informed me that I got Neil Patrick Harris' autograph when I was a kid. Whaaa? Also: I'm now 29. Hi.
On NFL .com it's just 1 on 1 matchups, so voted for him a few times over players I liked less. Looks like 13 QBs made it
We should not teach children the sciences but give them a taste for them.
lol! It took me a while, but I know who you're talking about, ha!
playing focused by wale trying to make myself focused on this homework
My dad just made a joke that mentioned the Fresh Prince of Bellaire and hipsters. Not bad
When we love, it isn't because the person's perfect, it's because we learn to see an imperfect person perfectly
Just watched a dude hit a half court bank shot at the game & won $10,000
for sure! thanks for checking us out! ^dw
The inactive volcano that is in Yellowstone National Park.
Re tweet about exam MT : damn autocorrect. Thought I fixed that. At least there wasn't an iPhone writing portion of the exam
thanks for the follow! I never got to congratulate you on getting married!
Pay back's a bitch ! Yu fuck with me and I destroy yu mentally (:
Behind the wheel at 3 :o
crazy kids!
Defense wants to know how much money government spent on terrorism investigation in alleged Christmas Tree bombing plot. Judge denied
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
I do not know what your destiny will be, but one thing I do know: those among you who will be truly happy will be those who have sought and…
You can keep ya pussy, im on ma own dick!
Chaudhary compares famine photos to film Precious - need to see another's suffering to feel pleasure of sympathy, a sadism w/in compassion.
Headache check, sore throat check, ringing ears check. All signs of a good concert, I think so.
#FF for tweets like this: "The newborn in the library can be excused for crying. The rest of you? Not so much."
It is unspeakably beautiful in KC tonight. I wish you all were enjoying a glass of wine with me on the deck.
pistol-whipped so far but I haven't listened to the whole thing yet
Serial killer Scott Williams had dozens of ceramic dolls in his bedroom.
just got got in #io2011 try again folks, thanks
oh wth! U even trade up for something better.. Nice trade!
Thank you for the follow!
Thanks for sharing! I love FREE Kindle books.
Habitat 4 Humanity will be live at Organization Fair. Spread the word and tell everyone to come out and support.
(Elbert Hubbard) Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them.
oh that's cool! :)
Should I buy a hand gun?
New York's #1 Full Color Printing Company - www.Rushflyerprinting.com
this is in San Antonio
hi slut i missed u
The more I get pulled in one direction the more it makes me want to push away.
*crickets* *crickets* - Sarah M.
Live tweeting from #brandCOS. Give us your feedback! Tell us what you think about your city!
OK...I'm late...but I just realized I can stream my netflix membership through my Droid phone...
Weird people
": haha. Shh. I had to test it for you two :)" silly.. well when is our turn
you'll get the hang of it, at 1st I felt the same way u did, but then I got used to it, just like I got used to FB lol:)
When you want to talk to an old friend, but know it won't be the same:/
also if is interested in a folding bike fixed-gear conversion: LET ME KNOW
My house. In front of my TV screen with junk food surrounding me and preparing 2 fangirl ;P ^.^
you had a better chance of winning with Denver. #knickssuck!
sorry.. not feeling too great tonight :( we will make this up on cinco de drinko??
Cute LONG fan fic in the process of writing, dedicated to y'all :)
Winter colds are beyond miserable!
From my friends to my enemies.... I wish you all a joy filled holiday season.
Ah nice to hear it's sunny where you are :) We've got clouds but had days of sun so I can't bitch!
Found worlds best pandora station. I forgot how much I love music.
yawn to the rest of this draft, seeing who the giants get then done
what a day! Wow. And I still can't believe Arsenal managed to finish 3rd.
#vegetarian RT : Case of mad cow disease confirmed in California, USDA says - Bloomberg News'
GOOD EVENING.... TO ALL!!~
I wish you would reply to me :( check your dms :(
happy birthday ! :D <3
At the #SOTU sitting front row center in the press gallery
Editing has resumed. Here's hoping it one day ends.
Trying to battle a head cold for the past few days. Missing my
Ha! "The classy kill"
If I could prioritize myself. Easier said than done. RT : Create a plan. Execute plan. Achieve goal.
RT - Was that a great NFL regular-season or what? Lockout? What lockout?
Some people simply don't find it funny which is fine
eh, i don't think the rate hike is that awful, but i love a lot of the weird, not so well known movies that are instant :)
Audience Of One acoustic.
Come to our Holiday open house!
sorry we didn't manage to get together during daylight hours. One of these days I will make it down your way.
thank you for the mention!
Paolo and Eugenio — We look forward to your tweets! Your friends in California, Alisha and Polly
- Prash, thanks for the
i need kid rock tickets 2 b day bash 15th
How was your special lunch date?
Basketball season is officially underway! And while I forever miss the SuperSonics... I still love the game! :-)
boots, baby, boots
it is amazing how many people are still awake ha:)
When I get paid, one our my top priorities is to go hang out with
has been a huge trial for us today! Anyone know why we get an "Upgrade Now!" page after every 10 or so search results?
I needed that talk
you already know them Brit boys drive me mad
stay tuned - we're working on a MLK day community dinner. Would love to have RT Networks involved!
So lets face it i can't pick a dog's name. Lol
Whoa. I really shouldn't have checked the time in Warsaw. I just realized I've been up for 24 hours and haven't even had dinner yet.
you got it. It's what I do. ;) look forward to seeing your site.
I am frequently mortified by the volume "kids these days" listen to music on their headphones. P.S. If I can make out lyrics, it's too loud.
Well, since there's overlap of Keegan working at the farm and me needing to go to classes, two vehicles might be in order...
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Looking out the window, watching that lovely, seasonal April snowfall. Ah, Denver weather...love it, even I'll never get used to it. :-)
It's not a trick question if you can come by for a visit right now!!
Sad day. Steve Jobs passes away at 56. Great man. Will be missed.
It made it. It's hanging. Get used to it, because it will always hang. Nat'l titles you've witnessed: UK 3; UL 0
Dear #PassionPit, please help me keep sane throughout the rest of the day. #PleaseAndThankYou <3
You are so good at bridging! Your mama raised you right. ^LG
Shockers up 32-10 with 4 min. left in the first half. I guess that's pretty good.
13 wins to go.
PickUpLine: I'll bet you $20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
to define Hollywood, Silver Lake, Echo Park, Los Feliz and Downtown. Thursday, May 7 @ Eastside Luv
Ill Strangle You With a Pen
My nigga Rondo showed out tonight.
Its going to be a KILLER show and best of all its FREE!!! Contact us at for tickets! :D
What would it take to get Justin Turner back?
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. —Oscar Wilde
Peacha n I will meet you there! (that was so wrong)
what got a twitter???
Hey there! I noticed you're doing the competition also for the TR Blog. Good luck to you too :)
Also, that's sold out! And that's
Side note : that fruit cup I just had was aweesommmeeee . I def need to make an effort to eat more fresh fruits on a daily basis. And water.
NEW AIRSOFT PISTOL SET Model P618 REPLICA HANDGUNS SET fires ;P
Add BBC/PBS to the list of things capable of terrifying me.
Monday again, Happy this week, Everyone!
You can gadge someone's mental illness by how clean they keep their sweat pants.
A baseball guy to watch the baseball guy to watch the manager to watch the baseball players?
Ah, gotcha! I haven't been up to that facility.
Thanx for the follow
Had a meeting earlier today trying to deal with the budget cuts to the UW. Not fun. Lot's of innovative tech programs on the chopping block.
What if we come to both?!
Thanks for the reference~
always great to see you and hear you sing!
I woke up feeling so amazing this morning! I love when I sleep so much! Now Happiness is going to be this Rock Star 18 hour day of work!!!
I kinda wanna bleach myself...I look like a starving African child.
We are coming for you! RT : #oldstyleopener bout to set off!
Lalalala that's all i hear you sayin
the video is awesome. I watch it ever so often.
haha I might have to do this too! I'll set "eye of the tiger" as my alarm tomorrow morning, do you think it'll work?
Rick Kern of UC Berkeley on "Textualization and Recontextualization" at #cercll2011. His opening remarks will go up on YouTube next week!
that movie was kinda a toilet. Bad.
hey momma !!
Hey Young World!!!
watched a movie today, it made me so thankful our world isn't like that today. good movie-
we'll fill your stocking soon
hey party ppl! in baltimore,washington!
I LLALALALlLLlalalalalalaLALALA LOVE TURN TO YOU<:
God told Derrick to rise, so Derrick Rose.
I done just made love to a catalytic converter. Shur do loves me some plat'num
is singing to me on the phone again...please SHUT UP!
I am very excited to be included in the audience workstream of the DPLA. My first meeting will be next month in Dallas.
Can't find my elmo hat :/
People in wheel chairs always have the cleanest shoes #tomean?
Good Night <3!
cute amber!
Social media goals don't have to be rooted in selling more tickets. Consider targeted audience outreach.
wish I could be there cuzo
compare me to Gwyneth again. I dare you.
#Str8LykeDes... Time after time mane gad damn....
What an incredible game
I am so condescending with my mother
"Does Minimalism make Pop horny?" Good question, John Waters.
watching #FavoriteWillSmithMovie Enemy of the State
You've got that right! Any fun sunny day plans?
ever hear back from Greg Oden?
Iggies is included in our newsletter along with other industry folks.
so I'm at McDonald's and I'm sitting by a window and this kid goes thru the drive thru and points and stares at me so I gave him the finger.
My hearts a stereo, it beats for you. So listen close, hear my thoughts and every noo ot ote. , damn you this song is amazing. :)
That is fantastic, and I am not at all surprised!! Many happy returns!
i told them but they kept on lol
Opening the Garage Jason Evenchik (Time, Bar, Vintage) goes before the city Zoning Hearing Board on Wednesday with his plan for The Garag
We all just expect more from him than he does from himself
Are any other Mac users having trouble viewing PDFs from EBSCO or ProQuest in a web browser?
You guys hear about the basketball player Dr. J.? Yeah, he committed suicide today
maybe he figures if you cant fully understand what he is saying, he will sound less idiotic...
you're taking the mcat?? awww yaayyy! good luck girl, i know the struggle!
RT! Perfect✔ Sweet✔ Hot✔ Caring✔ Gorgeous✔ Amazing✔ Nice✔ Incredible✔ Personality✔ Funny✔ Talented✔ = #JustinIsBiebmazing. -ali♥
#UW and #OSU coming down to the wire. Love it!!
sure wish. I'll make some calls
i really need to see the #BELIEVEalbumCover ! like now im gonna freaking die justin!!
i am Stacy Mildor
Cant waiit 2 b done with school... 4 more associated terms... 2014 is my last year i will be done by 23... Thats old as hell bt oh well
the way me and stephanie are standing on the street by ourselves POSSIBLY GOING TO GET RAPED OR SHOT
Thanks to #iste and Debren Ferris for having me present on their Webinar series.
Well I know you are. What about them?
Xtamina Energy Drink's sampler packs for $10 you will get 2 cans of Xtamina Energy Drink + Xtamina Mix CD & Pumper Sticker
I am working on budget for IntelliJ for my dept right now
Should I hand out another chance? Tough question...
Thanks for the RT Love!
and it's not even my birthday...
Only 6 more performances of Rip Tide! Get your tickets now! You don't want to miss this!
Dr. Who + scarves + Facebook + laughter + helping
Looking 4 more support for our fledgling FaceBook page: please search on "Memorial Branch Los Angeles Public Library" & give us a thumbs up!
If my dude don't be here by 2 iam cheatin#NEEDDICKNOW!!!!!!!!!
Every second I love Ariana Grade more than I did before!
I am not dogmatic, but I am much less apt to follow those who tweet for PR only.
thanks! I really enjoyed having you in class! Stay in touch!
I can't change a tire, yet I learned to juggle.
My brother high as a mf playing call of duty lhh
Jaguar to build F-type sports car
Country music as this crowd rocking can't wait for the line dancing
How exciting to meet Andrew Dosunmu & on Twitter. Look forward to seeing RESTLESS CITY this weekend in Atlanta!
Is it Friday yet?
Alex Wilson is starting. Stop down for Booze & Blues. $5.00 Stoli Mixers. $4 Skyy Bomb. Show this post for a free C22 shot!
we love you<3
I hope I get to do the millionaires video
writing a job description for our summer intern....can I include Starbucks delivery?
God Morning! Iet's start off the today together on KXAN News Today with news,traffic,weather and live from the cowboy breakfast--yum!
Can't trust none of this niggas... Can't trust none of these hoes. #SmokeOut Conversations
I already started, lol. I'm about to put people on. "you too can slowly stare into space with a smile"
Talk by Mark B. Brown "Is Climate Change Good for Democracy" at 7:30pm in the JO Performance Hall today. Join us.
Thanks for making dinner! You are a good cook!
OMG!!! I just spoke to Timo Hildebrand!!!
If only we could!
The Great Road was the earliest English thoroughfare developed in the Colonies.
im not sure how to take that.. compliment? insult?
Sparring at
:-) RT : I love cooking for boys!
Agra: Milk adulteration on the rise
lmao I hate u
Avengers for the second time.... Pray I stay awake!
I was just going to ask you (or your bot) how this is similar to / different from
#Netflix is not letting me view my Instant Que
aw crap. I owe a beer, or something.
Thank you so much :] You're too kind. We're working on it though, we'll be hitting the road a lot in 2012
In the doc's office to find no appt. Efficiency at its best. It's cocktail hour somewhere.
excited to be heading to Seattle soon (#UCDA) but anxious about getting everything done today before the fun starts.
Today we gathered for Holocaust Remembrance Day to mourn the millions of lives lost and honor those who risked their lives for others
Updating my resume reminds me I've become a shitty activist. Maybe if I dread my hair, no one will ask me what I'm doing for the movement.
yes! I hear those are expensive... save the phone, you get a new one every two years anyway :P
I mean if you know me, you know I LOVE to take pictures so I guess it just makes sense..
Heads up - We're going to make a special announcement about tonight's Chris Robinson Brotherhood show at exactly 4:20 this afternoon!
What if writers communities began organizing to demand price-setting norms in the new e-pub market?
HIS IDEAS. Hahahahaha.
Getting ready for Aprils Birthday Bash at Mastrellas! Come down April 23rd for a great night of classic rock from The Pretenders, Deep...
Just saw a commercial for frozen fish that said gluten free
I really can't stand that team!!! However your looking great in that pic!!!
Well my twitter handle is better lol
Golden Ticket: Win ur choice of a live auction item! Check out catalog for full details or talk to sellers w/ flashing rings!
The Candlestick Park Antique & Collectible Faire for tomorrow has been cancelled!
People look happy, in fact. So, I reckon it's much ado about nothing. That's so often the way it is.
Back at you, girl!!
thanks for the follow back. Great job on the podcast.
Nice photo. Wish I was there : )
I lol'd at velociraptor toenail
The sex commercials they always have on late night are funny af always got me rolling
no, you don't understand! Girardi's binder calculated that Bucknor ...
": Thank you for the follow:-)" thank you also!
hey! I finally decided to follow you on here too!!
I don't even Bike anymore haha it's all about
I'm with Sam. I'm having a jammies day too.
Why you inspired?
Not true. Let's just focus on Jillian Barbarie for right now.
What trouble shud I get into tonight hm.... #scandalous lights, camera, action someone's making a flick tonight lol XxxoXo
Sweet #Boston Sales Guy got an offer to valet cars. Progress not perfection :)
Make a habit of reading something inspiring or cheerful before you go to sleep
Stop walking around in the grocery store eating all the fruit an then blaming it on yo kids -_-
. I would watch, but your draconian and outdated black out rules prevent me
a lot of people were into self-harm, only because everyone else was doing it.
First of all why the hell did Ezekiel go to Visible Changes lmao.
Heard you had the 👏. Get well soon, Bitch. 💊
Jarred is now on Twitter - follow him
#3rdshift on the grind. Almost done
Well, I'm very willing to create special brownie deals this week so let me know if your brownie craving gets too intense. ;o)
Wiping the slate clean for 2012. What inspires you?
And He's Always Gonna My Baby Boy No matter Whatn♥
RT : i want to be reincarnated into anthony bourdain's thumb ring.
I can't wait to hear it!!! I love you guys!!! <333
Where is that? Looks alot like coastal NC.
lol I cracked the hell up when I read your response to
It's 11pm on a Sunday and im making Mac & Cheese without milk. No food in the apt and im starving!
Just mke the announcement already.
I could think of about 100 more words that are more fitting, but it's Monday morning. I'll keep it PG.
Yale Forum posting on 9 scientists' "lessons learned" from controversies of past 12 months. bit.ly/9UYOjt
Had a great time working a product promo for earlier today! So happy to talk about my fave product: Super Slip Sudsy Shampoo!
- how about wine in a pouch or a keg?
TWO. MORE. DAYS.
Three more days and then a full on Christmas vacation. I'll get to dive into some books ... which ones? Depends on what Santa brings!
God, thanks. Life is so crazy these days. Everyone i know is currently trying to tackle insurmountable odds. 2012 i guess.
I was wondering why you kept tweeting about work and stuff. It kept adding spam links too.
"I only argue wit’ ‘em when the Lakers on other than that I’m getting my Marc Jacobs on"
I do it two time a week at the Y. I'm trying to start teaching it again, now that I have my work authorization.
you can't be lonely here for long. especially if you broadcast it on twitter :o)
NFL Draft Party! Aye yo, Andrew.. I see you!
OMG THE LIKES ON BOYFRIEND JUST GET HIGHER AND HIGHER :D !! HATERS ARE SAYING THEY LOVE IT ;D
Mojo back to the farm next year... PLEASE!!!
This light room is cold as fuck though.. Lol
what's the fine print on the Tuesday Kids eat free? I have 5 kids. Be afraid, be very afraid.
Amen :P
Fuck that !! So why didn't she talked to her calm and collective.. She came at her like it was.going down lol
Job interview tomorrow. Goodbye, poverty!
How come ESPN doesn't have the match up option on the brackets this year? Can't compare teams statistics...
God Bless The Jonas Brothers is trending. Ah, I remember when I was an 8 year old crazed fan #Memories ♥Bretana♥
Thank you~I've never been disappointed in Asheville;) Thank you for the weather update ;) (50's) ah nice!!!
When is your class reunion?!
is always delicious! Then again Al Boccalino is a treat & so is , just up the street. Bon Appetite!
Rock-bottom. Either that's the lowest point in one's life or Kim Kardashian's ass.
tv: Martin show, In Living Color, early Scrubs, Gilligan's Island, Adult Swim movies: Young Frankenstein, Blazing Saddles, Half Baked
I heard that "Today is the first day of the rest of your life" I prefer to say that "Today is the Last of your Past!"
downloading you new iPhone app now! Thanks for the blessing :)
No one wants to help us get to follow us?...okay then
Hope had a wonderful birthday 😊😁😜
Where does the mapping of symbolic name to target English string reside? Did you write your own genstrings-like workflow?
Thanks for the #WW! Hope I'm out on the left coast soon!
My Night Doe ! Lol
that is awesome lol. That was very well played, have to use that one some time lol
Cell phone: off; Internet: going off; Coffee: brewed, let the studying commence...
my brain hurts
there is a meeting this month about the preposal between perry and oliver highschool now if any adult has anything to say about it come to
For a parking ticket...
lolol........... are you slow. give me some blogs to follow... acctually nevermind i'll just look at who you reblog slow one
nice. come on down to State and 4th :)
Thank you kindly for the RTs and mentions...
congrats making the tourney. Good luck to you and the bobcat nation. We will be cheering for you here in Marietta.
Commissioning on Twitter! LOVE spending not-my-$ for awesome ideas on my couch in my underwear =far better than in the office
Tonight you can catch Envy Protege Fashion show at the Other Side arts Venue on 1644 Platte Street, Denver, Co 80202 <3 starts at 6pm
where are you
Sorry Araknsas! AP sources: #Arkansas hiring John L. Smith as interim coach to replace Bobby Petrino next season.
congratulations, Jennifer - I thought you kept it together pretty well!
Ima delete my instagram app off my phone on Thursdays.. yall invade my timeline with your throwback struggle pictures
nmmm I just got home(; u?
If you think swimming isn't a sport you are an idiot and you should try completing one practice. You will probably die.
You're welcome! :D
Happy Monday everyone! Hope your week starts off well :)
great talks by both and Mackenzie Smith
Having a great time pickin' and singin' at the
Let me out of here !!!
WTF Franklin went digital! that's jive!
hi pal. I couldn't find my psych paper.😔 Sowwy.
! : Today is the day! Come visit us at The Market located at 328 W. 14th St (btwn 8th & 9th ave). We will be here until 7pm!
He picked Boston for his fantasy challenge! And, 3rd day at work and they already gave him a $1 raise
that was two days ago about the convo with me and mark and I have to tell u something else...wat happened to u?? :'(
Enjoy your meal during dinner the dining experience turns into dance known 4city of best nightlife in Baltimore!
This Female That i Keep Seeing In My TL Wants Lola's Cookies. XD
But evil requires the sanction of the victim, amirite?? (Just kidding just kidding JUST KIDDING!!!)
where did you guys go?
Congrats to Heather Bowe (Regis) & Jenny Lindner on being named Cloverbelt West & East Division Players of the Year!
We offer multiple quotes from an array of companies to provide the best coverage along with the best premium for our customers.
Klout - it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority ~
of course your welcome. your awesome!
My dreams be telling me shit!!
I think it would do so well here. Maybe Georgetown?
Chick-fil-a for dinner
I have such a baby face it pisses me off
Nearly 50 #youth signed up for our customer service seminar tomorrow! Wish us luck!
Can't believe I was too scared to watch "Super 8"...it's so good...so new millennium "ET" u Rock
My coworkers have seen my undies more times than is kosher. It's a game now. Just have to be sure i always wear interesting panties.
and i just walked outside and its freezing!!!!
you're beautiful! Theres no reason you should feel bad about yourself!
I haven't. But I'm guessing I should go download it right now!! Lol
9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. is prime time.Give reporters enough time to meet their deadlines. They need 3 hours for the best story results.
#Slatest makes exc. point. Why have 50 reporters from 50 outlets chasing 1 story? Share story > pursue 49 new stories
Thrilled that (Clair Huxtable on The Cosby Show; one of my fav. TV characters) will be teaching at my Alma Matar Fordham.
hello only place i can freely vent. FUCK!!!!!!!! FUCK FUCK!!!!!
Who's going to cover the stuff in Boston? I recommend you hire a freelance guy named
thanks. Anything i can do to boost your rpms
#YouCuteAndAllBut you talk like someone smacked you with a slang dictionary. Speak some proper grammar.
Man, oh man! Split pea and ham soup, cornbread, hot tea, The Gories on the box as I watch snow pile up outside! This is LIVIN'!
Can you quit being so bored at work and taking pics of random things haha
add a goal, work on spelling. *personal
Nothing bout to eat... u going tomorrow?
Hawaii olympian shares history, heritage of spearfishing
The Tell-Tale Pancreas
lol I'm slightly disappointed that it's not a wisk. :)
It Bee The Dumbest FUNNIEST Cutest Saddest Rawest Shidd On Tumblr Lbvss ;)
Wow, trained for an hour. It's been a minute since I trained outside, I need to stop going to the gym so much!
oh, my hands are shivering... too much WII for today
lol she tired of us ignoring her every year lol
I think we got our dough *too thin*!
I have 1 quadrillion of US Treasury Bonds for sale. They are in an old US Army trunk. I will sell them cheap. Lmk!
Another day at school of massage therapy MLK is on monday no school but keep on studyin tho i luv my school.
Telling myself I won't regret that my gestalt moment of paper writing came on a Sat night when I'm traipsing through Germany in a month...
Had a great visit at today with to see "Royalists to Romantics" and explored the other exhibitions.
vote let's bring her back a third or wait 4th time lol
There were a few days when nothing snip-worthy was occurring - thanks for your concern!
Not one Damn thing to do at 2:45am. Who knew?!!!! Bored outta my mind
Lisa Lampanelli is coming to Comedy Works late October. Who's in?
my mom just asked me why i tweet you all the time. the answer is cause i will never give the dream up of following me.
Jjajajaj Yupii..! Go to Acapulco the Sunday..! Jjaja flow me back?? Yes or not
I'll have to catch up on some work notes by Monday. :)
I'm so tired and I just want sleep so bad.
When church folk get excited they'll usually say 'Amen'....i like to say....'Yaymen'...it just sounds more fun adding the 'yay'
thanks for the follow Jim. Please spread the work about us
great site!
Not sure who I want to vote for tonight.
****NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT
Cardio day to workout the soreness.
please follow I love all your videos'!!:D!!!!!
i gotta get some medicine soon my dogg
Do you have a favorite from #CES this year? Fantastic design at CES Photos | Fantastic design at CES Pictures - Yahoo! News via
...Dont u hate it, sweet dreams ;D
Yeah, sorry about that. Glad you saw it was spam.
"Just heard Depeche Mode and thought of you..." This is what I was talking about.....
ya.seriously.
Okay, that's it...after this year's I'm making it official. NOT filling out a #bracket next year! Done & Done.
not sure what to say about that...
omg then drinking will keep you up more , and omg NyQuil works too :!
RT : Getting the right players together leads to a wonderful experience
I love the word "pocket." Also, for some reason, "mozzarella." Abd "giggle." They're just so fun to say.
What's happening at right now? They started airing the Tonight Show as usual but then it switched to Jimmy Fallon after a minute.
no we never practice we have it Thursday
Bite Your Tongue. “: was Black Sheep mentioned?”
Is that supposed to be a bad thing? It sounds kind of fun, actually.
My wisdom tooth that's coming out made a cut in my mouth /:
It's easy to forget how much easier it is to work on a project when you stop thinking about it and just start doing it.
Lest we forget.
If the city never sleeps then that makes two.
act like she can't buy me a baseball bat. But I still love her though
I wanna be Filipino thou. They're cool.
Thank you! Good win
additional items: eat from 30 different Austin food trailers, "run" a 5K, attend Austin City Limits (for at least one day)
Potential negative side effects frm drinking Forever Aloe Gel: NONE! Order today! Stay healthy so U won't have 2 use chemicals & drugs!
If you're in #Vegas tonight, its not too late to get down to or | 2 of the best parties on the Planet! |
my anxiety level has to be at its max right now.
Thanks Teri! We're excited to share in the Twitter trail love.
It is. You thinking I'm a bigger bitch than you? That's funny stuff.
yes well most of them that aren't greedy.
so excited for you to play for us June 5th!
that is a good accomplishment! If you were in Dallas I'd take you out for coffee to celebrate!
scar from the lion king
oh and whats the topic tomorrow?
How's the mask doing?!
All-AMC Baseball Team was announced today. Pioneers get 7 on 1st Team, 1 on 2nd Team. Torres Coach of the Year, Peluso Pitcher of the Year
It's so hard to blog w/ a 16 month old hell bent on preventing it
It's going to be a great week for Dogging in Indy this week...
All the UDID talk over the past 2 weeks is grt. Now its time for us in the industry to execute! Moving on benefits the entire eco-system GO!
get on it!
- "do u have any skills beside basketball” - "a couple" - "LOL..funny question"
Lookin for a place for Jacob to ride this weekend on his Cobra. Anyone know any tracks that are still open?
This CeeLo character singing for the #NBAPlayoffs on ESPN looks like an overweight chocolate Easter bunny with bite size snickers for arms.
Follow back Chick!
Fun day hanging out with Babbie Mason taping Babbie's House!!!
Follow these people
I'm attending so many concerts this summer. Going to three Thrice shows (punny), Murder By Death, mewithoutYou and who knows what else.
irving is an ass nxt tyme i c yuh hope yuh run faster
I have that car ha
Thanks for the follow!
Yeah hey flew over here on Thursday and on Friday he started working and i got to meet him
I hope you watched, although my spoiler tweet will make you happy :)
I believe u were thinking something else & miss spoke in English. Hell, u do it all the time.Have a translator for awhile. Lol
A gr8 tchr should be able to do amazing work in a room of white walls! It would be interesting research!
it's in the terms of use. You've already consented.
Jubilation, Whole Foods on Carlisle, and Kelly Liquors on Wyoming are the only places carrying it
I want them for me. picks the 11 best illustrated children's books of 2011. brainpickings.org/index.php/2011
Good day tweeples, what a fabulous day in S.Fl. #gottaloveit :-)
uh - easiest question of the day. iphone. no debate.
I realize this is an argument that will go nowhere but: while I admit the superiority of the socratic NYC slice, I reject the notion
... too windy and cold for the great game of #golf in the great city of #denver today ... tommorrow ?
Josh Hamilton is unreal. That ball was up and in, I have no idea how he hit that.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
I woulda talked to you but I was at dinner with mom. Misquoting Doc Holliday, my rudeness only goes so far. :)
SHARON NEEDLES!
Great to hear! Don't let them overload on Buffalo wings and Tim Hortons. :-) ...
Perfect end 2 an always fun night w/ dept is playing essentials front 2 back!
got to go bye tweeters love y'all
No because I haven't had a nap in months.
Word, Go In A Foe!
Having movie night at my house
Good point. And to think I was alone on this issue.
I lock the door behind me when no one is home because nothing seems worse than being attacked while you are on the toilet.
cool let's go
omg i hate myself oppsieee!
i love maury so much.
That's a question for ! #smbaustin RT : And about that Tweet/Book contest thingy?
San Antonio: Much of the work week, we'll have p/cloudy skies. Few Shwrs Thursday and Friday. Today: P/cloudy, High 84.
Hunt for a Doberge Cake in Houston continues....
Save the Cow and the Chicken eat more Hot Steamed Crabs!
well I'm absolutely down for that. I start work at 6 so anytime before that
yea the cheapest I've seen is 70
no been in gatlinburg and headed back north
You’ve still got a chance to WIN A NEW 16gb iPAD just by having drinks at Fire during the NCAA Tourney, stop in for details!
Watching finding nemo with in Critical thinking!
ur so done in the Playoffs lol
Ira furor brevis est - Anger is a brief insanity. (Horace)
Bummed that the office was a clip show tonight.
I will!!
Hope all my alumnae and professor friends tweet from Commencement today.
I swear, a glass of wine works better on me than a case of Ambien.
I miss you too ! Oh Kay sleep good ;) ! Love you too 💜💙
Shawna, East County Biz Center's resident message therapist, is offering a one hour message for only $35 (619)456-3754
Thank you ^__^
“: New music from and in a matter of minutes!!!” RETWEEEEET!!
Follow Back please <3
My coffee cup had orange tea in it yesterday. Today my coffee has a slight orange taste, it's oddly delicious.
Good Morning! It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Woah..actually felt that quake..wild sensation. Glad it was nothing big.
Looks like tomorrow is the day! Keep your eyes peeled for some fresh storefront art if you're in downtown cville
OFFSTAGE: Rascal Flatts Reveal Top Crying Songs
#abbeyroad medley, rain, and cold toes. #oncetherewasaway to get back home.
Haha. I'm not homesick. Vacations are just way more fun with you. (that earns a foot and back rub, right?)
Cruise for my birthday, then to Palm Springs to talk for Autism Society, then to MA for my daughters graduation, then back to NY.
I do not wanna do homework. But I have to 😢😒😔😡
Let's go we got this!!!
Nope it's King Arthur's REALLY BIG MAGICAL SWORD! - Enjoy!
Parents&#39; student loan debt
#Cardinals way to go cards fans still in the game
bedtime for me.
my birthday is in 8 days...yay
I'm thinking about building an Ark.
That is an un-achievable dream for me. I tip my hat to you (and hope you don't get an email to alert you of this message).
The full moon isn't 'til tomorrow, but I feel like doing my Tarot cards tonight.
“Perhaps one of my many weaknesses has been an oversupply of confidence”- Lowell Thomas
You guys, try not to fall through metal chairs. You will get stuck and it will take 3 people to help get you up and you will get scratched
#AirForum2011 Stop by booth #30 to learn how to get 75% online course evaluation response rates. MyClassEvaluation by IOTA Solutions.
Wanna record that? not kidding
can't wait to see the commercials
Hi Norma! How's it "in your region"? :)
pleez follow mee im new to twitter and needs advice
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Spongebob squarepants! Who died of an oil spill cause of BP? Spongebob squarepants!
RT We love dogs! Send us a photo of your baby and we will pick one to post on our Facebook page!
im right by oomf rite now
we can date just move to tx
Wow, thx for all the compliments! I'm going to take you up on that cause mkting follow up...
In we went up 1% to 49.5% almost 50% come on #teammindless lets win this for
You STAY hungry
that's what she said!
Cleveland is the headline story on
I blame it on the Model broad with the Hollywood Smile, stripper Booty & a Rack like Woww
Textaphrenia - thinking you've heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.
aaaahhh love it!!!
Children's WIP for Tweens, has become decidedly serious. Going back in for more.
looks like a nice night out tonight
Congrats to Jennifer Old! Winner of our $250 Holiday Feast Giveaway. Thanks to all who entered. Check back for more contests coming soon!
I'm a stubborn nigga mayne
I got that garage band app for the iphone ipod right..and i must say its a pretty awesome ass app....GREAT buy
thinking about relationships and relativity... They are not one in the same...
I'm spinnin in your head, spinnin in your head, spinnin in your head.
Done. Thank goodness they forgot the second one. If you're thinking of attending my talk, I'm way less nervous in that setting!
Zombie junk heads in
Duh! Just saw that you already read it. It's the sun stroke! :-) Hope u r having a great time!
More #soccer Coachisms: You can't teach that.= I know I can't anyway.
i know that feel broseph
is one awesome woman!
Jus Gttn Off Fina Gt N Bed Wen I Gt Home
*sings to Rae* "I wouldn't care if you was a prahhhh-stitooooot, annnat you hit 'err man that you, ehhhhva knew…"
My mom wants to watch The Avengers, no lie this will be the third time!
Send me those slides!
Thanks Holly! yes spread the word :)
Austin's curly is sexy af
When I look int the distant future, I see us tweeting 2gether in real time sitting in our wheel chairs. and walkers. -Sincere Sweet Tweet
wonder what it'd take to meet that someday. listenin to your music forever man
keep in mind I did just bike 50 miles yesterday
Sun is shining in Wales! Feels like summer!! Hope it stays like this for my birthday in 3 days!
Betty Buckley on stage at 's 25th Emery Awards!
Well good night Word of advice PLEASE don't get on my bad side tomorrow I'm going to be very stressed out I'm gonna try not talking tomorrow
There's a 90 degree day in the 7-day forecast. In 2011, PDX didn't see 90 degrees until August 20th!
I know they sell them at rei
all I am saying is $214MM can buy a lot of pizza
lol. You ain't gotta tell me twice !
Thanks dude, didn't sink the ship...
If u say ur #Mexican well make sure u kno wat holidays r when an that #CincoDeMayo isn't a real Mexican Holiday
One week till prom! & 6 weeks til school is out.. this school year flew by fast
call me n u will get ya head ripped off!
Democratic office on the north side is crazy busy today
ah, when ur at a comp !
TONIGHT: Brent Glass on the Future of Museums at at 7 PM. Sponsored by
Debra Stevens
good one Paul ;)
I haven't been to Red hook in a while. Had a great meal across from the Ikea.
+ FlipBook App on the iPad + Droid to FlipBook saving = long car ride boredom averted!
good job! Thx for cleaning 'em up for
Friday, February 10 is my 63rd birthday! I was born on February 10, 1949 at 5:33am in Washington, D.C. Interested in astrological reading.
The spring concert was perfect ☺
I can't wait to spend the night with the love of my life tonight. :)
. Yeah, the "should I throw this away yet" does force me to read. But email might do same?
My Automotive Technology Highschool Class has really helped increase my tolerance level
Saturday Night with DJ CUT aka "The King of Albuquerque" spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !
Happy Monday! The weekend weather was a nice change!
how is your spring looking? Who are you singing for? What's in your audition book?
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music
Scottish Clad bagpiper playing Amazing Grace at sunset-wow!
You can't believe how insanely good the music made for #SexyResuts is. Can't stop listening to it a million times in a row.
thats not what he said
come on budknocker get it right buddy
You talk like a shit salesman with a mouthful of samples
2 week break from dance, and I don't know what to do with my life.
Face hurts again.. :/
Thanks to for mentioning 20 Mayoral Questions col at last night's #sdmayornp bash. Much appreciated!
It's clean up time. Always better when you put some P-FUNK it iT! Funky.... yeah. Burn Rubber. cause you and yo folks love me & my folks.
THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT ONE!
From seeking spiritual enlightenment, to climbing the corporate ladder, the things a person seeks from life usually take effort to achieve.
Taxes: filed! Refund: in process!
Philly sports fans up in arms. JR has been taking a beating all day. lol.
yay, thank you for the mention! Happy Valentines day!
Investors wanted! Great income properties, 40-60% below market value! Several with financing in place and 0 down!! Call me today!!
I could take Rahzvan, bro. I can do it.
Does anyone else have a problem with cracked closet doors at bedtime? Wide open, no problem. Cracked...
good morning LosAngeles, drive safe everybody!
welcome to the #Patriots, you are gonna fit in well and kick some ass.
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT about Lupus dermatological issues with Activist Leyla Moreno
