Don't be like crazy man.
sad...“: BREAKING: Famed painter Thomas Kinkade dies at age 54, family spokesman says. -JM”
Just realized that is 450 Twitter followers from 2000 -- and that means cake in the newsroom! So follow her! She's amazing!
Oh, March we hope.
she was extremely nice and was happy I recognized her.
What kind of bud did you smoke today?
Gallery Night and Day is coming up! 30 local artists showing their work at '30 years of Dialogue' at the Jazz Gallery. Come see it!
hope all is well
you did great!
LOL! RT : Cats humor people because they know that their ancestors ate yours.
thank you for making and me coffee every morning. love my #UWS roomies!
If you haven't heard, Derrick Rose is out for the season with a torn ACL and MCL.
I got to meet last night in Atlantic City! I even got the guitar pic and an autograph. I'm just a bit happy :)
Another one of dem nights dam free style session follow by wings at bdubs with a heat session for a night cap
That's the truth and that is so sad!!!
RT : Conservative strawmen aside, should note most #edreform groups think successful #teachers are UNDERpaid.
I thought about that. Shouting something in sports bar doesn't feel the same as "tweeting". We do what we must because we can
I'm Like Real High Ryte Now
I don't like your attitude.
Sleep is for the weak..
I have made $37 since 11 AM. Paid $25 for parking and spent $15 for lunch. So I've lost $3 since coming to work.
How did I miss passing 2k tweets? It's like I missed the first step of my child.
RT : #CenturyLink name coming to #Denver skyline! New signs will replace #Qwest signs in early August. More details to come.
#3WordsOfAdvice Put God First..
Ok so were trying to figure out sizes for the limited line so YOU have a shirt! What size unisex shirts are you?
u are awesome!!
they better not
Never worry about numbers. Help one person at a time, and always start with the person nearest you. Mother Teresa
#ThankGodForRihanna She's got the biggest ass ever :D
I learned this week that people who I thought were my friends turned out to be my enemies! All because of one tweet. Wow.
#InMiddleSchool There were 6 periods of pure torture....besides P.E.
RIP DONALD YOUNG! whoa
4th graders love Colorado author Justin Matott. Humorous and meaningful. GREAT picture books.
its not an excuse i got so many ppl in my room right now...its hot af, my eyes burn nd shit everybody talkin boutt sum diff
Must. Read. More. Now. Tired of blaming social media for its distractability...
And Fuck You to the lames that hacked my account you scum of the Earth inbreeding assholes!
My brother just ran two red lights o.o Lmfao
party dont start til the other clubs end
Looking forward to NCIS filming at our dock on Wednesday!
hahahahahahaha that just made my life
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Lights off celebrate earth hour
Libido is high just like my standards :)
she's cute!
annoying tourist shows, truly a piece of California's gold.
I would still probably eat a sub before 8 am sober so I think you're ok.
This chick is talking about going tanning today and she already looka-likea-pumpkin in her avi... smh
Ha its to early bro
can't wait!! <3 I bought a rompa & my mom goes you can wear that when you go to the feast & I was dead, lmfaooo! &
Doing great! How about yourself?
... P1.9 billion from its stake in Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co., acquired last year following a share-swap deal for Digital...
Must See Video!!! "Let It Go" ft. Produced/Directed
where do people get off. I don't mind taking the occasional request, but come on..
Super moon looks great even tonight! Also some great timelapses of today's weather.
Guess what % of libraries do not have a digital library presence? (i.e. more than just a website but content)...
Happy birthday Mr. Rogers!
from , "Every story is interesting, and we all have one."
You've been cookie-bombed! Happy birthday!
Yeah, I DO think Whitesnake is a pretty good follow to #Muppets Life's a Happy Song.
You will not need to show ID to vote tomorrow, but you will need to state your name and address out loud.
Happy Birthday Shelly have fun & enjoy
View from my seat in the ATI club for tonight's #BrewersSMIS event. Pretty cool perspective.
$20 for a single one-time report. Our Pro subscription service starts at $84 per month for unlimited tweets.
If bigger is better, at what point is big too big?
Thank God.. I am so sick of these people. Throw them all out!!
HEADING TO THE DELIVERY ROOM after 17 hours of contractions at home!
We can assist you ONLY on days that end in a 'y'
nope he left to go to the heat, i will cheer him but not retire the enemies number
I just met the most fabulous stylist that does what she loves and makes 6 figures. She can be my mentor anytime!
Garrus is my homeboy!!!
I am existing. Woo.
Good to hear from you HG all the best!!
Apparently 35% of Americans believe in ghosts - 100m people. I find this fact scarier than the prospect of real ghosts
Hook's 15 year cheddar is in the house!! Stop in for a cheeseboard and a Duchesse de Bourgogne. This won't last long!
then i'll kick you...
ON THIS DAY in 1952, Cave 3 was discovered. The cave yielded 14 manuscripts including the Copper Scroll, the only metal Dead Sea Scroll.
Pizza is the "North Atlantic" - garlic cream, mozzarella, capers, red onion, smoked salmon, and spinach. $12. Mention it get free ravioli.
You mean having it as a mom or dealing with it in your child? My daughter has CM w/no syringo at this point.
no one but himself. I'm just saying. This has nothing to do with racism. It has to do with caring for the people of the US
save?? it's worth it if you really want one. i just don't like its piano sounds. everything else is great.
I feel like such a fat fuck today.
got our letter from KO - Dante was selected!!!!!!!!!!!! Yayyyyy.
Indeed Our #Yanks will prevail this evening..
Da week-end with so many things 2do.Adidas store here I come buy 1 get NEthing else in the store 50%off,saw run'n shoes $10/dang Imma getem
Speak not Speek. Nice spelling.
Let's hope the Mayweather-Cotto fight is better than that Redick-Hansbrough skirmish.
can't wait for LOST tonight!
Congrats to and for making it to the Tournament! Good luck to you both!
Did you know that all our food trucks offer catering? Hire one or all of us for your next event!
Nap time before tonights festivities!
Cool new very slaunchy song rough draft! Great prax last weekend with the new lineup. finishing new demo for "Dominion" thurs. >FluiD<
hahahaha then why would you throw that out there? What are you trying to do alert the cousins? Ha!
Tonight at 7:30pm - "The Motorcycle Diaries" (Brazil 2004)
they are now called Big Chow. But the food is the same
ok then..
Let the real race for governor of Wisconsin begin!
Missed my flight to #cwcon due to traffic jam and 1h late bus in Pittsburgh. Flying out early tomorrow instead. :/
Awww my Babe is so sweet <3
LOBSTER TITS!!!
I am so lost
where was my invite??
I'm a bit embarrassed to ask but is the crowd at the terrace for this new #uwseniorday? How in the world did I miss this boat!!
Are u telling me or asking me? lol
it must be that time of year again! Lol.
wonder if Christian Bale is gonna help and perform all talk in Madison on Sunday
oh, it appears the lesson is down completely. Let me check into it. Sorry for the confusion.
she has the best voice in the world
still up!!
Fake Diet Coke! I tried the Walgreens brand recently. Tasted like lysol.
Your one in a million 💜
Just followed 10 people, who wants to be followed next? (; tweet
DoiNg Preparation for IBM Toronto Conference.... a lot of demos & presentations
That's why I aint even do em cus I knew something in my stomach would be like nanie.. Run! Your dead pal. I'd be pissed af too tho lol.
Use to run streets wit different hoes every week. Which surprises me to be wit one woman now
I would not buy Twitter shares privately anyway. Neither would I buy Facebook or Zynga at these idiotic p/e and peg ratios
Happy to help!
Enjoying the beautiful day. The harvest continues!
Ratings weren't good, I guess. Networks are cut-throat haha.
announce our US Cellular Connection w/ Leinenkugel's and Summerfest stage at 6am!
I hope that the blazers make smart moves rather than being stupid and feeling you need to sign somebody!
crying hahaha... i just browsed the tag pictures of my boyfriend on his facebook account and deleted some pictures that reminds me of pain
The gas light goes on in my car. Then it goes off. Then it's back on. What does it mean?! It's like a double rainbow...just not cool.
Thanks!! “: welcome back”
Crime pays
haha. Found those seats on Craigslist and they were way cheaper than some upper level seats.
REMINDER: The deadline to file your reassessment appeal is April 2, 2012. Call our firm today at 866-273-1941 for assistance.
lmao!! I dont even know if I will be on the sale floor I am a stylist there an we have meetings for the new line coming out!!
cool beans! hes funny!! didn't know his tweets would b that funny! :)
Pelfrey likely out for the season, just what I wanted to come home to, are there even even words ?
The morning joe is HARSH today. Like what the Tin Man would have ordered if Dorothy and Toto would have stopped for a coffee break.
The Lakers got swept in the playoffs with healthy players by the Mavs, that's even worst when you think about it. Yet no one brings that up?
The Internet wars are upon us. People used to fight for territory, soon they'll be fighting for Internet territory.
not sure how a teabagger is the lesser of two evils, but sure
I want a milkshake and I have to ask the pros
MPEG Streamclip should do the trick... and it's free! :)
plenty of opportunities to come to LA. SC has you high on their list and we all waiting for you to pull that trigger.
omg i found these shoes..
We might have an interview with soon! Very excited! :)
my mom is cooking me eggplant lasanga
I thought everyone's pretty (:
Just saw a guy with an "Irish" hoodie on.. All I could think of was Niall Horan. <3333
Never mind--smithsonian app is just a prototype.
Did I reallu just say Orgasm instead of Organism in front of my science class
Good morning!(: ": goodmorning! :D"
Jammeng to all of songs :x tuh this guy is to SEXY!
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Pink Banana Theatre! Gobble gobble. :)
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George Bernard Shaw
I need a ticket out of this place
Fuck school I'm staying up and watching Halloween movies :)
yeah thats true
ohh yes vinny haha how do u get away with doing nothing? Have a GRAND day!
I hate fucking school!
Looking forward meeting you tonight and of course to here you spin:-)
.......someone bring me more jameson.
HEY GUYS passed all my OGTS [: #EarlySummer!
Thanks for the #ff love. Hope you have a grandiose week!
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 4 days!
Technology challenges institutional coherence
Being Adele must be pretty awesome.
I KNOW! This is ridiculous!
This weather is crazy!!! I'm about to duck for cover....the aquarium is one if the safest places to be!!
Happy Friday friends! Holy thunder and lightning early this morning! What are everyone's weekend plans?
"Being single doesn't mean you're weak. It means you're strong enough to wait for what you deserves"
swag for days!
ONLY thing I dont miss about my Heights bungalow. Impossible to warm up!
ooohhh, that sounds good. need a fridge full of food so I don't have to decide this wk. Oh & can't sleep past 6am...argh!
If you're traveling to OHSU today RT : OHSU Inclement Weather not in effect. Call 503 494-9021 for driving/parking conditions.
haha no worries...I'll spare you the lashes. I was confused when you said our teams.
can we interview this weekend?
not Everyman is not like that on here 😉
Oh wow, a GIFT! That's REALLY nice and even better! Hope you enjoy the Osborn book.
don't forget you're playing boston tomorrow
hooray for you indeed! Happy Friday!
North Carolina: In spite of last night, I still like Bojangles, the ACC Tournament, and your great golf.
Team trivia starts at 7:30 $50-$25-$15 could be for you if you win stop out.
New info: RT : Air Attack is over the #LowerNorthForkFire checking out the situation.
I am writing a paper for LIBR 200 class and I would love to have this data for my paper.
I miss the old him...now when I look back at his old self I miss them way we'd laugh and smile :/ we don't even talk anymore..
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Zayn comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
Music coalition
red beans, peas in coconut milk, avocado, peppers, tomato
#Fact: When given the choice on Temple Run, I will always turn right.
Now you're just
awe. has food poisining \:
R&B Debut Album ''So Sin Cere'' available on itunes,nokia Ovi,Google Music,Android Markert,Spotify,Zune,Myspace Music,etc
awe. U da man.
People are so backwards... Who says "PAPER, SCISSORS, ROCK?" It's "ROCK, PAPER, SICSSORS," dangit!!!
I think people who constantly stay involved in drama and don't know how to cut it out of their life are slightly slow.
The Rum Diary was about 7 hours too long. Most anticlimactic movie I've ever seen.
Is it just me or is one of the best
Learning to use #Audacity. If someone knows of a straight-forward tutorial, please point me in that direction. Much appreciated.
Nintendo 3DS? ipad2? Sony experia play? new bbq grill?
No sleep.
- I am wearing purple, just read about it last night. Not enough people are aware of what epilepsy really is.
Are you loving it in Miami?!?!?!:)
Lance Armstrong's livestrong social media is great in engaging their stakeholders - Joe Lawless
also to let you know i'll be playing GW2 when it goes live. hehe
now if you can find some in superhero prints I might have to try and convince my wife to try wearing stockings
To sum it up #oscars2012 was a mix of hits & misses
they have to play Arkansas and IF they win that game, then the play UGA in SECC. Gamecocks are out.
hey twitter friend
i love this
In 1994, President Bill Clinton nominated federal appeals Judge Stephen G. Breyer to the U.S. Supreme Court to replace retiring Justice
ill show you mine if you show me yours
Getting sick and obly days til the talent show
calling like a collect'a... :)
I always thought of shitbox as someone's ass.
Alex's gifs are like. Perfection.
Same! It's like saying having a significant other is supposed to validate you or something.
like no offense but if we were to go see it, id prob pay no attention to you. lol
me and the bro coming to see y'all on the 7th
been telling you that for years. You're turning into me without the range....
Aww, sorry to hear that. You know, they only accept 4% or something ridiculous. My advice? Play the lottery.
Joshua Black Wilkins, The Turkeys & The Avenue & its inhabitants last night were FANTASTIC! Thanks to everyone who came out. :)
Thank you for following and the add to your list of artists. Appreciate all the inspiration & support of artists. Welcome!
Thank you!
RT : Family Dollar Stores Inc. says it will create hundreds of new jobs with an $80M distribution facility in St. George, UT.
We are working on something amazing here people!
Listening to 's new lengthened one-oh-three, very solid jam!
Thanks love ❤
Oh, and my wife (I love you!) stomps the floor like an elephant herd every morning as she gets herself ready for the day
Chicago couldn't take on the Heat. This is our House!! #HEATNATION #LBJ 27points #MVP . Lets Go! Haters where you at!?!.
Its beautiful out, and its not just the weather
15 KY House members down, 85 more to go!!!
Wow. Just heard the Duquette interview on & I'm dizzy from all the circles he just talked me through.
this self deprecating Romney is new - admits that altho he failed to invest in Jet Blue, it's now one of his "favorite airlines"
Very excited for Ultraviolet Festival!
yanni is like the musical fabio :)
You've read TWO bible verses and now all of a sudden you just know what its about. GTFOH
break legs!!!
how you gonna tell me?
AH! It sounds like he'll recover quickly. Wondering if he'll miss the annual meeting? Would be the first time in 40+ years.
omg are you serious??
Hoping can pull off his 8th win in Monte Carlo this weekend. Suerte!
Tears for beers. Wa wa
The Pacers are looking nicee tonight! This is the team we all wanted to see the first game.
Excited for my first day at Hamiltonian Artists!
money can't buy you love cause it's overpriced.
If the wrong paradigm can get in the way of progress, how do we make sure ours won't? I go to TED talks for motivation! What do you do?
So glad to read you loved the crab cakes! Thank you for coming in!
Merry Christmas America!
Oh, yes, that's newsworthy. And a reasonably happy-ish ending.
Not again , didnt Rachel or Brendon win first HOH of the season last year on #bb12 #bb13, and how stupid was Evil Dick to belive Rachel
I just Love rufus !!
#Brewers #Cubs on ! Let's go BREWERS!!
RT : Chris Bosh doesn't walk he glides. I'm almost positive he has a belly ring. Fruit cake.
Only u want only u need, and Only You can make the choice !
thats what I'm saying lol
your mom
thank you!
How do you mix it up so that you do a hybrid? That sounds interesting...
If your sport doesn't produce a dime, your players shouldn't be paid.
about to walk out to the beach now. Going to head by roach and the crew on a bit.
yes it's nowhere near as brilliantly acted
Haha I am!
You played a hell of a tournament - sorry to see it go busto in such a shitty spot.
sorry manchester united wow how did that happen manchester city
xpctng thunderstorms in N IN 2morrow have not heard how strong they will B yet :)
i knew they would get It passed. Was so happy yesterday
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. Steve Jobs. Marketing takes the guts to promote weird! Go! Mendell.
Are you going to continue wrestling? I'd rather watch your movies! #RockTalk {{HUGS}}
Sabrina is amazing...cant wait to meet her
Loving God, you have sustained us through the darkness; now you bless us with life in this new day. ~RT
Stroking the football #totally not weird
Obama: protect investments in medical research instead of cutting taxes for wealthy.
Support at Lone Star Steakhouse Alexandria on 5/6 from 11am-10pm! Mention Lucky Dog Animal Rescue to donate 15% of your reciept
Yeah, I've been meaning to get around to doing something with it for a while too. Finally found my excuse!
That girl got fucked up in those hurdles
At the strip club foolin
same thing on my way to work but it's a taco truck.
So many damn things on those comm sales that I want to snag. I must control my eyes.
Aaaahhww, right? I remember when we added each other because we planned to meet up the weekend of Jingle Ball with Val. :)
I miss you like crazy!
You as well :)
thank you, christina!!! :)
Really Doe
actually, no, im more worried you'll get an STD...that shit aint cute
I will after TG. Check back!
We love getting Retweeted in other languages. In fact, we should tweet in the languages that we speak.
Well thats their fault cuz they're missin out on a really gr8 person.
the fest is live till the 18th check it tomrrrow. have a good night!!
RT : Currently in the studio, cleanin up that & "Army Strong" track as we speak ...
I'm ready to with #IITGrads2012 a big congratulations on May 12! Just one more week!
Doesn't sound like your day is getting on very well at all. Hope things take a turn for the better.
Stale peeps
"Shadow Project helps me with reading because I get more knowledge in my head." Dreyona, age 9.The Shadow Project is aiding < 1,300 kids!
you are adorable! have so much fun!
No that was a type error. I read that first last year. I dropped the link as soon as I saw a captive audience.
I can't look at following anymore.. Im surprised is still following me. Hm
is Gay she likes boobies ladies beware
a little tired, been under the weather a little. Hope that your feeling better.
dont lie an use God name in vain
Got a plan every day at six a.m.
Just saw interesting talk about Tokenization vs Encryption for cloud data protection given by
lmao favorite line to say...
Michael sure would be pleased if the King would like to stop by for a sandwich.
About to upload it baby!
can't wait to get a lil pup to run around with.
Agree. Too cocky. RT : RT : One other note, Wade is really getting to be a jerk. He's hard to root for.
- I CANNOT wait for An Idiot Abroad season 2 to hit the US airwaves in January. Pure genius.
THANKS new Followers!
I do better in my Shower,man it iz noise~!
Just watched "Down By Law" for the first time since it's release 25 years ago. One of the all time great Indie releases!
Glad to hear it!
Kierkegaard, Neitze, Socrates and Plato. All very smart, but couldn't bake a potato. Overlook can though :) Order some great food...
You have no idea!
We need to meetup one of these days!
I've been so happy n I don't know why but I love being this happy :))
Of course mom LOL (that's what she always tells me). I'm sure the trip will go alright
The road to success is constantly under construction!
AWESOME! You go, Girl!
I want him<3 He lives so far away</3 I wouldn't mind but he might<3 I love you<3
OH NO !!! This man sound like cleaveland brown lol
Please reconsider appearing on The Adam Carolla Show. He is one step away from going full on Dennis Miller.
anyone who wants a shoutout can get one!
Hey Delgado! I was watching your highlights as a Met. Sure do miss ya! You were one great player! Your a beast! Go Mets!
"What is the right motivation for work? To Glorify God. Glory =God's presence + beauty."
# ThingsIReallyCantStand people chewing with their mouth (Ewww !)
But I did like the way I had it before.
i plan on hanging out with soon so she better make time for me
": connect the cuts connect the cuts!" My sis brother and I always say that to eachother! Lmao
Hot chicks that date ugly dicks<<<<<<
silly woman come here let me hold you, have i told you lately, i love you like crazy girl <3
I remember when I saw you on ANTM. I rooted for you to win. I knew you would. You're amazing. Don't change
Money Saving Tip #41: Don’t fear leftovers – instead, jazz them up.
why I worry about the value of social media ranking tools: "Hey Beau, Klout believes you are influential about Donald Trump."
it's cool I guess.?
gladly hosting all the competitors and spectators from playing at Octagon field on Roosevelt Island today!
That is great! He is so cute!
so is there anything new from chris
God's favor!
I dont know!
There are so much people DMing me! :(
u got a girl u been waiting to call? lol
You sing about things ANYONE can relate to. That isn't very often anymore.
No church in the wild.
May 10 B-Day Time: DJ Rony Seikaly, Jerome "Junkyard Dog" Williams, Young MC, Sid Vicious & Sam Dalembert.
Today I discovered the best Whole Foods in the universe in Redmond. I want to be a little mouse who lives there in the cookie aisle.
Super! RT : I look for passion, commitment & ability to pivot. RT Can you "judge" start-ups before the marketplace does?”
you from the ill MIL?
Shrek got a standing ovation last night. You can take the kids today or tomorrow.
Yes we ship to Canada, what fragrance you are looking for and how many so I can give you a shipping quote? Thanks
Many thanks for the RT and !
Im bored, any needing a shout out for more followers, just ask me :)
Congrats to for his Grammy nominationfor best new artist! See you on NYE in Milwaukee
recorded a podcast today with Nathan Martin () one of this year's keynotes. Look for the recording from soon.
well that's #always a plus!
: are yours?
PLEASE STAY!
RT : Thank sweet Jesus it's almost Friday! And thank Zeus the show is just 24 hours away!!!
what the fuck twitter stop being stupid.
Anyone else headed to the Grassroots Advocacy and Political Messaging Meetup tomorrow? Looks promising!
Looking for something unique to try this weekend? Hit us up! We are at 1138 Bethel Road in Columbus.
Starbucks all the way!
gotta get'm in when you can. I like you though. You call it like you see it.
Chris mann and xtina duet was so on point.
Happy Mother's Day, ladies! (YOU are looking gorgeous today, btw...)
“There must be more to life than having everything.” R.I.P. Maurice Sendak - Hope your supper's waiting for you and that it's still hot.
Federer not going to finals in Wimbledon, this has brought me down a peg from my root beer milk joy.
Awe ^.^RT : I haven't been so happy in a long time. :)
Doin the math of gas and miles it's gona take me to go to work and back! Thats a lot of gasoline!! and miles!!! xD
is it really snowing!?! wow
Two bad this week's SNL is a rerun. The show's two brothers would have gotten more airtime.
RT : #RESPECT , #SALUTE on #SHOUT keep #MUSIC alive
Thunder, Rain, Wind, & Palm Trees about to crash through our window oh my!
Rapping seems to make my brain focus better...I think that's why rappers smoke weed every night coz their head overloads
Just like a teacher on vacation... YOU GOT NO CLASS!!!
Just turned on the TV Glad you are ok Thanks for posting
You did? I really hope he was able to put a smile on your face:)
wonder if the kids will have a delay tomorrow. I'm south of you .
Yes!! : FYI: Creatives w/ no interest in running the business need to add a business partner when pitching investors.
Kimbo Slice with the steal. Harden is tough!
I would like all xstrological signs
And to game 7 we go.
Financial experts need schooling
what Mikey tweeted you: OBVI ABOUT US FROM CHICAGO teheheheheheh
I'm in love with cities I've never been to and people I've never met.
": Most people put more thought into Facebook status updates than Herman Cain has put into running for President."
TUESDAY MEETING tonight at 8:00p in Monroe 114. see you all there! and at 's V-Day reading fri, feb 10th in the Alum House.
When you become a partner you become a part of the vision of your connection you've made. So when you join a team be sure their vision beco…
Nice. Emerald or class assignment? Let me know if you need any help interviewing people. I can hook you up.
Walk off grand slam for Inge!!! Five infielders can't do nothing about that!!
The things I hate the most about break-ups is the questions u get asked and the constant reminders of them..
That is awesome!
ahha i was thinking the same! Unless maybe i do both hm :]
Oh now that's just too dern much! #MicromanageMuch? Sheesh.
Got 18th at regionals today with two falls not too bad
Sam Coniglio braids his pubic hairs
Now c'mon Aggies! Keep the upsets coming!
This weekend was great . <3 Got to see Grandma, Grandpa, Kitty, Colton, Ben, PJ, Zack, Beth, Tyler, Candice, and Aunt Shelley . <3
thrilled that it's friday and had a blast playing last night!
Isle seat! I got a feeling thing are coming way. Spring training here I come!
I'm leading the program team meeting in 10 mins. Basically using it as an excuse to get everyone out of the office for a coffee run
All facts do not come in 140 characters or less. Do your research!
Wore sleeves out for the first time today. I feel I missed that awesome moment of putting them on after!
Cafe Iberia features a new espresso on the go! Check out Cafe Iberia on Facebook!
Human error. Thanks for the catch !
In Tha Gump shooting the last scenes for Poke Dog Ft Lier and Sackman - Big Dreams
which one?
What's more confusing? Bands at SXSW or RSD releases? Me, I'll take a Lightning Slim 78rpm over all of it! Less confusing for sure!!!
Oakland winning against the Chargers. I can't pick a game to save my life.
Thanks for the tweet! I hope to attend ; look forward to seeing you there.
Your profile picture needs no words !! I jus love it
just left #Perimeter with the lovely doing what girls do best!! yall show love.. she's in the city!!!
": The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. -Unkwn"
Deaf, dumb and blind. "trying to be a playa with so many woman"
Aladdin's Lamp Book Store Going out of business sales in June - Arlington, VA 703-241-8281 - books, puzzles, puppets, Baltic amber jewelry
HAHAHA. Think bigger! :)
Girls= Drama
ALL FIVE CHOICES ON INSTAGRAM
You'd have to be pretty thick to believe the WisGOP would actually say something like that.
Just saw the #Conan blimp on our way into Chicago. Neat.
Well...I went and put it out anyway despite waking people up...but we gotta do what we gotta do right? So waking up in 5 hours...yay.
Good Morning Alex! Hope you are great!(;
Stay tuned for details!! thanks for the tweet shoot me a email
Funny ladies Tina Fey and Kristin Wiig look FABULOUS!
Realizing you've been replaced #thanks <<<
i think she likes me 0:
Go get some fish, make us proud.
- good idea. I got the land. Barbecue?
My term paper will be awesomee lol !
We're awesome! Hope to see you in class
i didn't realize there was a racine one!!! is it new? I'm doing this race in July in MN
Oh wow at trending topic
Time to see what fitocracy is about. Any means of workout motivation, especially in video game social media form, is a plus!
Semis these guys are killing it!!!!!!!
Just being honest... #ku needs some luck down stretch here... Lazy turnover, tough bounce, "nudge" in back haha
Solution to hidden collections ... Make friends with the archivist.
I feel a shift in the atmosphere. Feels like the gloves are coming off, whether we're ready for it or not.
keep up with the huge up and coming music scene in #Branson MO by following my friend
I'm going to have one tonight lol :)
See ya Nashville. Heading home with the kid who is half done with college. Time flies.
Survey says?
Huzzah indeed! Although, I wish you could join us for the movie tonight. >:(
Just had the best idea ever!
Talked to winner James Prather today. He's $34.5 million richer, but wasn't real talkative with me. Shocker, right?
Anyways finally took my placement test, I hope I did good on it.
Such a happy chick!!!
Viva el Friday!
RT : "The state of AL is telling me who my friends can be"
it was a great conference. I think there will be recordings of the conference available at some point.
thanks again
Power of the Bull Terrier Pulpit? RT Keystone XL
Dub step is the shit
Anything going on Memorial Day weekend? I'm contemplating a trip since the 17th-19th I'll be on East Coast but unable to see people.
skipping cheer tonight, my fever is escalating.going to CVS to get some meds.
Is it me or is masturbation essential to the creative process?
I HATE when that happens!
So Come and Get Me!
Martinez is going to smash Macklin.
Super time on the media bus tonight! Welcome to #Indy world!
I watched it on a bus! Definitely felt a bit awkward.
they say that shit lame but we drinking
What is it? RT : So, who's going to do the flash blog for #Autism Positivity with me?
Great weather people, go out and enjoy it, i am on my way to a tennis court
Of course mama! Good Morning :)
To all the artists out there, take a bow, you are creating the future. Thank you.
#pastors everything you need to accomplish Gods plan for your city is in the House! Start working w/ what you have!
no one likes you;)
those come standard when you sign your contract to live tweet our games ... Playoff bonus
Last drama class of the year :( . can't believe you missed it!
thank you thank you
Saw the movie Chimpanzee. Beautiful story, Stunning photography. Amazed at how all the little kids in the theatre were spell bound & quite.
This Peter Bjorn and John song reminds me of when #GossipGirl was new, and awesome.
How far outside GA 12 do you live exactly?
I wish you all could perform players ball and I wish goodie could do goodie bag and then for the finale black ice : )
we act like this win is both of ours....
long night man lol thats all i can say
Oppose policies that undermine women. Stand with We, the Women.
Big props to , , , and for their awesome input to on social media today.
We've received some great answers to our giveaway question: How do you give back during the holidays?
is cracking up laughing at one of his male neighbors that is bumping Janet Jackson's song "Control!" He's probably doing the "snake" too!
I think we are free next weekend. You?
I'm ready to meet this summer at hoot fest :)
cool. in mexico if a girl is white or blonde they call her affectionately güerita..
I just showed this to Cherokee. We are cracking up!
well its close enough lol hahha
thanks man, I'm withholding my vote until I get a few more.
what them FLAKERS gone do ??
World economy: An Act of exploiting cheap foreign labor for mega profit$/corp gain$
#youknowyourfriendsarehigh when they call it.
Doubt Eli will ever match Peyton in charisma & camera-presence, but could still up his deals by $3M a year with a win.
Who bought the hard copy of #WTT?
I'm expecting a very important call.
Mobile, social, rapid, real-time are the new required modes of learning says Metcalf from
Related: just walked by two girls who aren't wearing pants
can we enjoy the weekend with a dinner out possibly? <3 you and welcome back!
Yes. They. Are. I died when they came on. I was a huge fan of them before they even got live (the day before :P)
You bigots are bound to lose! It'll just take longer in some places. (Even Oregon is on the wrong side of the divide, but in a few years...)
Thanks for the RT!
thank you for the music monday!!
this is why i have such great spending habits.
I'm going2a kendrick lamar/big boi concert this weekend so Cartoons&Cereal,General Patton and some krit have been in play.
great site! i will be adding my world travels to it
Foggy and out of sorts. Come on, coffee, do your thing so that I can do my thing!
Aftereffect of watching IN A LONELY PLACE: Reciting Shakespeare sonnets in a feigned drunken voice.
why did my dog just do a drive by fart right at me? what did I do to deserve that dick move?
ROFLMAO! 's updates. He's all up in the trending topic #whatimreallysaying & I'm RTing & laughing!! This kid's funny
": New rules will disproportionately affect minorities and underprivileged student-athletes"
rocks my soxs off <# .
pussy lips of course
#NW Harlem Nights
Hello new followers ! I hope you guys had a good day!
if u have salad, u can't even claim to just go there for the wings!?!?! ;)
WAS it free speech? #rushlimbaugh If he can say w/e he wants, how can his bosses make him apologize? This is not a 1st amend't issue.
John King looking stupid again as he needs the crowd to do his job for him. What an idiot!
- Yo! I used Twitter as a news feed, for the most part. I rarely send anything out.
Noon, UWM Union room 183. I can shoot you an email with details.
#CTA bus hauling' ass I see you and am right here with ya ;)
You were my inspiration!!
#nmsugraduation what a beautiful prayer.
#OWIF: I can hear Maurice the Giant Carp swimming around outside, but before I fall asleep I keeping thinking I hear other noises, too.
you are correct. These pictures are gorgeous
seriously, if not SW, ?
White Fang came upon him unexpectedly
#FirstEdition packs up the clubs & heads to the #Masters. joins us w/ the leaderboard & green jacket
James Fairchild Opens in the Hamptons A new store from the former vice president for design at Ralph Lauren offers home and fashion items
Me and just made that shoe of blackjack our bitch...
Haha I'll keep that in mind
Fitness Tip 5: Protect yourself from pollution!
kota says i'm "just conner to her" bitch please, i'm CONNER MOTHERFUCKING MURPHY.
#whenaguy tells you you look beautiful with no makeup and you're silly for putting it on. #sosweet #babyyoulightupmyworldlikenobodyelse :)
If you were going to try out for American Idol what song would you sing???
Coverage/analysis/guests viewpoints from tv, radio etc this week leading up to and during Survival Sunday, grade it. Please.
What else are you looking forward to? I think both Prometheus and Dark Knight Rises could be great.
So excited that someone came forward and did the right thing....
Awesome show last night! Big thanks to Gang Age and Newspaper Taxis for great performances.
Don't know
definitely keep up the great work!
In need of a hair cut ... Time to even out my hair ..
How to please a man: Show up naked Bring beer x)
bra the Bengals making me mad they don't never do nothing with in free agency got all that money Mike Brown boa!!!
packing for #dc2009 in Seoul
RT : Thanks to of Pro Football Weekly for joining Drew to break down the drafts of the AFC North teams!...
Happy Anniversary I love you more than you'll ever know.
Dalton F talks about you a lot when hes talking to Karli in 2nd period
and i most definitely am rooting for the rangers
Amazon truly has amazing customer service!
I miss your face.
no I am still dying in bed. I am guessin today was a day Peggy scheduled this segment lmao
Is it true your Hobbies often become your career?
Dear every Zerg player who has ever built a hive. Stop forgetting the adrenal gland upgrade for zerglings. 20% damage is neglected! :[
Or at least get through there storms.You dont have to go through it alone.
no bueno /: sorry for that loss && nice school for what? And I'm good working/ trynna get into school
Wesley snipes gettin bank so I mean u kno now franklin on the other hand idk
The love that Justin Bieber fans have for him is unreal!! *i Want My Fan Base/Follow Base Like that*
HaHaaa... Set yourself up for that one buddy. Lol
I can't wait till I see
Had the pool to myself this AM. Swam my laps and watched the sun rise. Let's hope the rest of the day is as nice.
this is exactly what we like to hear!!!!!!!!
Congratulations Nidhin Pattaniyil! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
love you!!
changing opinion Thompson. Quick off ball vs FSU. Gets solid push. Extended arms well. Collapsed pocket. Plays to whistle.
thank you bout time we all figure it out LMFAO
Fuck Happened To SUNNY and CLEAR…
for #workshop/audition cbeckin out their "professional program"
Appreciate the RT!
Thankful 4 the difficult, negative, close-minded, ungrateful people I've met on my journey. They've shown me exactly who I don't want to be!
So bored. Maybe I should do my hw...Nah
Former #YukonQuest champion Aliy Zirkle currently leading the #Iditarod - will she be the first woman since Susan Butcher in 1990 to win?
#abq Looking for a roadside spot for your pumpkin stand - I have a variety of locations available from $350 month call 4801602
then he wants a piece of ur ass lmfao if hes callin u then he wants ur attention (;
Wow I havn't tweeted in forever... Ok I am now making it a priority!! So what has everyone been up to??
I was initially concerned with only 16gb of internal memory and no microSD port on my phone. Now I don't think I'll ever use it all.
I only ask for this, please stop hurting me
Facebook is for all the kids who liked 'show and tell'. Twitter is for all the kids who liked to go out back and smoke.
Texting him :)
Dad told me today that if I don't get my post-move voting situation worked out, might as well cancel next flight home
Facebook Brand Pages are said to be a desired format for future engagement. Note taken.
the Force is strong with me...at least I hope it is...gotta battle some stormtroopers at city hall a.k.a angry citizens ;)
Looking for the best sites w/ statistics on things like health, employee health why biz supports fitness Any Suggestions?
I called.... Twice!
Friday night: Jim Ripp 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm Check in on foursquare to earn free drinks!
I did awful
Obi Wan. He's the one who tells Luke to see Yoda in the Dagobah system
".... as we know it. And I feel fine." Name that tune!
RT : Session 5, "Surround Yourself With AMAZING People" is about to begin at the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit!
Ok someone tell Steve Blake this isn't #LobCity & that he had no business trying to do that.
3.5 lbs down so far. I am pleasantly surprised. :)
I didn't even know the Fail Whale was still alive.
just woke up from my Saturday nap to Notre dame football
Yep don't want him biting you and getting drunk
Easy answer: "Rill Rill" crowd surfing closer.
New studies have correlated the recent rise in teen pregnancy rates with the advent of "Abstinence Only" Sex Education. Just sayin...
We'll tweet as soon as we have more information. Yesterday (we forgot) was a holiday here; today ought to bring news.
The Blenderz will be taking the stage Friday and Saturday night from 6:30-9:30pm.
im done
"Everyone lives by selling something." - Patricia Fripp
omg!! You are coming?! My day has been made!! :D
thanks! I really hope I get it. And I go to Starbucks all the time, just not before school.
thank you Todd. Hope your weekend was great, I sure am sleepy this morning! Have a good one...
We are thinking about #fundraising options. Any thoughts? First we tried our couch, but $2 in change isn't gonna get us there.
when it opened for android users- monday, to be exact.
it's Ana amazing day in Vegas
pretty good jus tired ive been working my butt off /: hbu
Dont feel to good hopefully sleep will help Goodnight people
Really enjoyed my annual trip to St James Park last night
Thanks! My crystal ball comes handy.
Upset w/ for canceling my return seat. No reason, no apology. #fail way to treat a #MileagePlus Platinum flyer.
I wish i could stay outside all day.
The sun is shining, the weather is sweet.... our patio is open and the breeze is PERFECT!
I want to go homee
Some athletes suspended 4 possible #NCAA rules violations. Athletic prog not suspended.
Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top up's. -Peter Davies
With my sisthaaaaaa :)
Did you dig George Mann's vintage color film of the Three Stooges at Atlantic City? Stay tuned for more wild, unseen stars from the vaults!
N now i think #oomf is messin wit me... But who
Morning bootcamp was a lot easier last week when it was 60 and sunny at 6 am :-( Still freezing!!
Hope u made it out to hear Every Minute Can Kill tear it up tonight!
Your soo adorable and a good dancer too.(:
Think I'm falling for you <3
thank you
Would you agree that men often makes a fashion disaster? If so, what do you think are the common fashion mistakes men make?
Decided on this post after arguing furiously about how good Byron Scott's been at player development.
"Civics"...boring...but it's Power.
Thanks for the follow, -- can't wait to hear the Tradewinds jingle.
Ok, I am sorry but Juliet Simms just #pwned the stage on
watched, laughed, and almost peed our pants last night. New appreciation for you and your humor Adam! Great job haha
Serious inquiry. Does anyone have a banana or monkey costume I can borrow this weekend?
I Am Already A Fan, I've Been Following You Ever Since My Manager Told Me About You... Lol...
Thank you sis...
you should come at like 4 cause thats when Taylor gets here. And its always awkward with her..,
So sick...this actually sucks.
Thoroughly enjoying my Dunkins coffee bedore heading back to Austin :)
where you at son?!
hey whats good
bout to get unfollowed for those comments... Lol just kidding
You could include water textures on your webinar ads, alleviate your visitor's inhibitions and make the sell.
Didn't even realize it's friday the 13th
Gonzalez Northgate Market rocks! Just visited for the first time and had real authentic Mexican Food!
Happy labor day Weekend find out how to get funding to ur business that means money read more www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
Chlorine makes me tired.
Thanks Mary! Happy New Year!
,Elle, & wrks so hard for me i appreciate them so much
u suck, u r everything that is wrong with pro sports owners. I will not spend a penny on anything Colts.
Is she also the only one who said in April to forget about Justin Duchscherer because he will never be healthy enough to pitch here? Yes.
looks nice and beachy. :)
Banned list for BF3 is getting bigger and bigger lol. Cry babies will be Cry babies
I'll never get over my life for jersey
go follow lol i cant even name all of #teamsongbird just go follow
bottoms up
FOLLOW BACK :) AND TELL PPL CHECK THE MUSIC OUT THX
and let the the CHUCH say AMEN!N! N
Looking forward to meeting Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Porter, Stein, Picasso, Dali, and even Alice...What a great flick
On Facebook I post inspirational things. On twitter I can say "shit" without catching flack from granny's bridge club.
Who has fun plans this weekend around town? What are you up to?
the demand has always been about a more equitable and fair system for the 99% who are the wage slaves supporting the 1% lifestyle.
I didn't know you had twitter ! Welcome !
RT : U had great moments in ur life, share ur stories & preserve them for future gens. Like it?...
The new peach pinkberry flavor is so good. I don't even want to talk about it.
Want to know what's up in #wickerpark and #bucktown? Be sure to follow us at !
Great start to #ylyc10!
Just watched Princey positively love-maul A. Jackson for walkoff win BOSvDET- ahh, def like watching a family member. Let's get it tmw Crew.
State Boys Over Here. My Antie Betta Close Her Mouth & Say She Aint See Shit !!!!
so there, man.
Thanks to all that made this weekend such a GREAT success. NEW FORMAT this week starting on Tuesday & then on Thursday nite
I can tell you Dave & Terrie are both nice, well-respected and well- qualified. Sorry, prob not much help
you get me to follow you on twitter for this?
That's KY left over from the Mets' collective assholes Schneider had oil or KY in his glove, not sure which.
Most of Apple's cash comes from outside the US. Interesting.
Tried going out to the "car" at work just to ride my bike but my dumb ass lead is afraid of what?
Marcus Houston Naked (: Hiss Bestt Sonqqq
Did you see this? Burger_Lounge - Yup, just today from 3-9pm! RT Is the free burger thing today only?
My boys brought Anacostia to NW today. Little kids running past said "Move out of our way!" Had to hold some of them back.
"She will"
Wow! Durant!!!! Great game.
Winning? RT : well, I only saw 2 penises in Pioneer Square on my way to Safeco tonight...
Who has put their organ donor status up on FB? I have!
don't want to be mean, but it has become a "dead horse" of an example...
has taught me all I know...I owe him for little coolness I have. Thanks You are truly my hero! MUST FOLLOW
That right there, my friend, hits the nail on the head. I can see both sitting for more than a single game.
years and years
Weird. I'm intrigued but also frightened. Getting any?
What a coincidence! That's my aproach to a winning presentation as well! :-)
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl"! Stay tuned 4 details
Clearly Frankie Rodriguez realized he was an out away from a clean inning and walked a guy out of principle.
Susan Rice, our UN Ambassador, effectively characterizes irresponsible North Korea missile launch - she's good. - JDG
Awesome weekend!...So glad a Christian won the Masters on Easter...way to go was so much fun to watch
Enjoyed Bresson's methodical "A Man Escaped" tonight.
Wanted 5 corn dogs. Ate 7. Because I knew I would be upset there were only two when I went back next time.
Why does twitter like auto stop following ppl and ish :p
night victoria grande <3 lmfao i love you so much :] hope you have fun tonight at wango tango!
Da heat is looking good let go
thanks so much!
these farm fresh eggs are quaint and all, but we really should find a way to make them more uniform, more white, more boring
how is this used as far as being in the US but selling and working with other countries?
Seems unfair.
*dougies* RT THE VIDEO IS IN! #RightByMySideVideo from feat. is uploading now! Thanks, #TeamMinaj!
Don't stoop to the haters' level.You're doing what you love & you're extrodinarily talented at it. Jealousy is a very ugly thing.
you can't see it, but I'm laughing.
hey we'll be posting some of our previous work later on today.The new material wont be out for about another month or so
Pondering opening talks from #BioIT12. I'm not sure that a software app/pipeline can ever be more then 50% of the solution for clinical WGS
I do what I want smurf dawg
My first book is available on Amazon, I know there were some issues over at createspace, so it will now be much easier to order.
ohh lord, haha we shall make a date soon! I heard you got a jeep, I'm coming to ride in it soon :)
I feel like death. Holy hell
I know! One of these days we will coordinate schedules!
I love Your new Album always and will be a very BIG FAN!!!
I heard that episode too! I had no idea that was an Indiana thing.
It looks like we are going back to in two weeks for a quick weekend trip! Woohoo! Now...where to stay?
Woohoo! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Do you have first steps in mind to help break down these silos? Saw weekly chat idea--anyone else have success?
I don't have a guitar lesson this morning, going to my sisters dance show at the Albright Knox museum later today. should be interesting
A bold claim, methinks. True...but bold. ;)
Cant wait to see my updated headshots!!!
Really excited for lunch today! some co-workers and I are going to for their work week lunch specail!
Now following ;) Appreciate man!
dude, that sounds good to me. I suggest that you bring food & a drink.
Watching the #spazmatics at tonight. I Love the 80's!
Hah "Money From Strangers" is trending and has the top tweet
#CareerTipTuesday: Target your job search. Don't just apply to 100 jobs because its easy-Find jobs that you are serious about.
Remember Joey? Yeah that was a thing!
the questions kind of repeat themselves in a way so i can see how you can do that
Everyone keeps tellin me to get a twitter...lol whens a better time than 6am
And my day begins with a cancellation...time for paperwork and other sundry documentation tasks.
Thanks for sharing that TED talk, Mari. Really, really powerful. Will include in August #reverb11 email!
I'm choosing.
it beats a lot of the junk I have been watching. How did your day as a gym teacher go?
#WEWORKIN Got one for us already #CUTDACHECK Lets get it in....
Do thy CSA homework to make sure you get a good one.
Go for the Mac Mini with wireless trackpad and keyboard. It has HDMI. Use any internet account - Netflix, Hulu, G+, whatever.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. -William B. Sprague
can't wait beautiful <3
theres supposed to be a presale tomorrow but i dont know the details or how to get it. otherwise general sale is may 5th :)
I miss playing soccer.
makes me laugh every time.
Want a free copy of #BigPhatPussycat on vinyl? Come to SubT tonight, mention this post after the set & it's yours. We play at 8.
It's certainly an interesting notion. Might turn campaigning on its head!
thank you <3 you're amazing yourself :)
“: The old WSJ would have exposed just how idiotic Murdoch is. Selling it was a national tragedy.”
Norm Duke has gotta be pullin in the ladies..
Planning to take part in today's 1pm User Group? Remember to sign up at least 1 hour before start time to ensure your space in the webinar!
MY LIFE IN FACEBOOK (Esp4) "Strictly Facebook" Premieres tonight at 7pm! Stay tuned!
I'm home girl!
Just tuned into radio & hearing about Rob's huge game! Pumped! Can't wait to fire up DVR to see complete game.
I personally had one inquiry from a listener who wanted to know who sang "American Pride" and passed on any information they wanted to know
Never Give In. The day you give in is the day you wished you could take back
Wordle supports multiple language scripts (latin, greek, cyrillic, hebrew and arabic) it may not support asian fonts yet.
Kyle Stanley is six-under par and has a one-shot lead over Rory Sabbatini heading into today's third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
Check out these guys must be joking.
Rightt. Everytme I hear that song it makes me want to put my hands in the AYER A AYER
thank you :)
homoside sounds far more sexual than a massive "homicide" anyway, good luck.
Planning a Digital Humanities meetup this May in Cleveland, Ohio. More info forthcoming.
but rigrag has always had amazing service/support. NLH has grown too big and don't pay much attention.
Meghan can you follow me babe . thanks Bobby Howard ;-)
Gymnastics is calling my name!!!
y not let all the fishing boats in the gulf bring in oil & sell it 2 the refinery & they wld all get rich. black gold 4 the taking
thanks for the follow, i followed back ;)
Just watched Rio with my baby. :)
His wife left court crying. That's ALWAYS sad to watch.
RT : The Uni-verse supports those who take risks on it's behalf.
lol, it was kinda weird because it was just ANDREA, I was like oh shh. That's auntie angies name! Haha
Do be do be do(Scooby do)
#notgunnalie I feel like a badass. Got in a fight and her blood was on me lmao.
Which shit particularly? The fact that we're obsessed with the trivial while paying no mind whatever to the BIG issues?
HAPPY CiNCO DE MAYO TO MY FAVORiTE MEXiCAN ON BEHALF OF ALL YOUR FRiENDS, WE'RE SO GLAD YOU MADE iT ACROSS THE BORDER 
we haven't posted the photos yet but it is the next product from the creator of Silly bandz
WITH MY TWITTER PAGE YOU CAN FIND WHAT EVENT'S I WILL ATTEND, MY WORKOUT'S AND WHERE I WILL TRAIN. ONE BAR,ONE WORLD MAD LOVE AND RESPECT!!!
Another win for the Heat <3
Happy we could make you chuckle. Have a great weekend!
if anyone blames Bryz for that loss I will knock them out and put them in the woods with a bear and tiger, for Bryzgalov LOL
How does one argue for fair use while using materials copyrighted in a diff country? - wondering at the back of Pat Aufderheide's talk
20 DAYS :-D
ah...a little creative release in Photoshop today
Thanks Ray, very much appreciated!
ey bro, you make music videos?
We all feel the same deep down inside. Just trying to get warm.
k it was funny :p i didnt laugh but dependin on the other videos i might
how old is she!?
who loves orange soda? Kel loves orange soda!
follow! “: My fellow tweeters. I am at 695. I will divulge one embarassing secret for every new follower that gets me to 700.”
Tokyo *negates* Disney, it doesn't magnify it. Rock wrapped in origami paper disintegrates scissors.
2nd week in June,going to Boulder Colorado for 8 days for work.Hyped for the trip...puttin us up at some 5star resort on top of a mountain..
Club Rain tonight!!!
um duh! We could spread our water balloon in a hottub idea to everyone in need lol.
My mashed potatoes don't cast a shadow.
Jon Ippolito: before it was how well you could frame and photoshop an image; now it's snap, post, I beat ya!
LOVE YOUR POSTS!!!
I see you walk by extra fly, Baby where ya goin can I roll? <3
My rendition of "no day but today" is sounding god lol ready to KILL IT on Thursday.
Let's get this to OT #LAKERS Awesome playoff basketball
Wait tomorrow is monday, oh shit open mic Mondays...
Good Morning!!!! We are ready to serve coffee...we just started high season, thank you so much for your constant support!!!
Oh cool, i didn't realize that & were using #backbone :D rock on.
Just remembering now to when I tweeted that it was simplistic but if the Rockets beat the Jazz they'd make the playoffs...
thank you<3
Madison Pharmacy Associates | If you don’t know where you’re going, any road will take you there.
bye, bye, Michigan
follow back?
Nice! And nothing, just listening to music and editing pics~
#FF she's an incredible inspiration to those trying to get fit and be healthy. Plus she's an awesome friend :)
I was there! Incredible show!!!!
when your up at 1:33 AM just to talk to >>
As soon as I return I'm shipping you some good stuff as well. Will include Rayon Vert as well as a non-beer gift... ;)
staying in bed and watching himym aaaalllll day. oh! and chicken noodle soup. tomorrow i will feel great! :o)
#precommerce whole generation out there that doesn't use 800#s Jan Ryan Social Dynamx
i know man thats some bitch made shit!! them niggas in Miami gay real talk
It's Friday! What's ur workout? Lite cardio for me but a total body lift ahead ! Listening to tunes by !
Both & are at #NASPA12 but their prog proposal "Honest Insights on SA" was rejected.
Playing with the Rez Youth Orchestra at the Overland Park Convention Center for an off site Easter service. Come join us, service is at 9:45
Passion Pit is sold out. WTF were we waiting for. :(
I actually did homework today! Now for "First Pie-day" and The Avengers!
can you please follow me and ? We love you and the rest of RNG crew!
you love me you love me not! umm can u pick please cause this isn't really working out:) constant feeling</3
Also Jefferson looks a bit off. Several mis cues and bad touches. Even dribbled out of bounds
remind me why im back on twitter?
So, #beerclub, where can I find Zombie Dust around these parts?
lunchtime + park = meditation
It's #NationalNursesWeek. Celebrate through education.
Be sure to catch us live on air tonight at 9pm with Tony Stone!
#Actors, #MyGoal: Be the BEST #HeadshotPhotographer in the WORLD! WHY? I truly believe I am a stepping stone to you fulfilling
I still love you! Your a star to me! :DD
As soon as they decide to have good music for it again!
'Cause you make my heart race.. ;)
Happy Birthday
if they are it dont matter we still gonna blow them out ! and ight bro for sure!
but u niggas suck, so u don't feel me
Hey 7, workin like a slave, how are u though?
If Its At The Mall I Wont Even Wear It, 20 On My Dick Tell Yo Hoe To Quit Starin
I saw Pierce playing tough defense I thought Johnson would fall to floor like Pierce got him w/ the body. Pierce woulda flopped.
falling asleep to your favorite song >>>
Last day for me Hats off to my mates in the EDP dept. for the great work you do.
#madmen LOL = Roger dancing
Would you rather they be agitating for a return to the gold standard?
vin.... sometimes I wish he would talk about the boyz.
So tomorrow's New Year's Eve, and I can't wait for 2010 to end for a fresh start in 2011. Sad to see it go but ready for a new beginning. :)
Yep!!! You won!!! Congratulations!!! :) We'll see you Friday!
Sorry for the inconvenience and ! It's not your fault we miscommunicated. We hope you have a successful event!
I need hockey season to start like NOW!
Woke up from a pretty amazing nap :)
#classic RT #ShitNewYorkPeopleSay is there anyway I can get in the Casablanca?
five more weeks of therapy then back to doctor a week before my birthday.
Why Does my room have to be the hottest room in the house -___-
How do you get such great pics on IG? You got court side seats or are you in the biz?
YOUR vote counts! Send in your ballot & vote YES 4 #oneunion #sagaftra "03" was decided by just 600 votes!!! Dual cardholders get TWO votes!
#stayawayfrommeif you think George Zimmerman shouldn't b convicted of murdering Trayvon Martin!!
it was! We can hang soon!
both parents on business trips PARTY AT MY HOUSE
Yeah she's my kinda crazy..
We'd love for you to try us! Here's 50% off your frist ride with Coupon Code: FIRSTRIDE
Indeed!!! I know brother Prosper. We never chopped it up on that level tho.
no mercy big sean!
haha that's funny that you would tweet that
Your gym looks awesome! who do I contact if I have some business ideas?
Congratulations! Welcome to the team - very excited for you to join us!
Omg! You're so cute!
Logical over conventional placement every time. See 'Punctuation and human freedom' (Pullum 1984).
If u haven't already tune in this am to meet our new traffic reporter Lauren Cook!
I don't think law enforcement celebrates!
yes indeed!!
"Someone told me eyes are the nipples of the face" what the
Good luck!
Thank you!
Thank You!!
Just now watching yesterday's amazing Law & Order-themed #Community !!! :-)
Are y'all tryin' to get a record deal?
man i am so bad at school it's so funny.
yo i don't care what ya'll say radishes are so spicy
As far as chains go... Yes. RT : papa john's is the best!!
“: “: Ive never been this tired” I got the same issue” me too :(
i have the cutest best friend in the world
She seriously needs to calm down. She's so fucking annoying
Hangin' out at the pool with my husband....I love Sundays! Our one day off!
It's not that we need new ideas, but we need to stop having old ideas. - Edwin Land, Creator of Polaroid
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
Totally tearing up at Forest Gump.
I hope my book ”10 Minutes” will persuade you to take a second look at journalists, and say a prayer for them instead of condemning them.
I miss
Watching Click
Amy Frykholm fascinating + funny talk on writing bio of obscure historical figures +her gorgeous work on Julian of Norwich
black eyes too. U got me thinkin now
Twitter's suggested I follow the Milwaukee Police. LOL! LSD!
three more weeks <3
Research and Markets: KONAMI CORPORATION: Technology and Communications Company Profile, SWOT &amp; Financial Report
RT : Interesting to see that about 50% of #EDULIVE participants think mobile apps is most important for teaching and learning.
Tell them we don't know either.
No matter how many pens you buy, they always "Mysteriously" go missing.
Happy Birthday to and :)
Chief of University Police just told me he estimates around 5,000 are here for the #trayvonmartin rally.
i been following you. Ha lol
TY for the follow! Los Angeles IS what you make it!
free pair of AA batteries thx to Johnny Sprockets. TODAY IS THE BEST!
broken link?
Explore, Create & Thrive with Story Healing - creativity/writing/healing workshops for those touched by cancer coming soon to !
Ending all campaigns until further notice, and going to get a job and go to school.
What drinks will you be serving? We love tequila with our
back at mojoes in Joliet. You guys were awesome to hang out with :) and have the cutest girlfriends!!
MT We had 694 international students graduate today! Commencement
October is Energy Awareness Month Saving energy is good for your wallet, your health, and your environment.
Also, Ben Stein is on my flight.
when you want to bro?
Woke up older...
well... here we go again
Agreed. Its twitter I can't give up.
BIG thanks for all whom attended last night's Martyrs' show in Chicago!!
We need your help Coach, bad!!!!!!
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.
Day trip to boston. Dinner with pops. Pray for me
How are ya Reuben? lol im gna try and find that clip and post it lol
Wats up I need more followers
So I see everyone is going to the Ritz tonight...
Get off twitter d:
• He should write an F'n textbook. Would be HI LAR IO US
#FridayFact: Studying earthquakes began in 350BC. Aristotle noticed soft ground shakes more than hard, rocky ground. #shakewhatmamagaveya!
Beginning to get a headache...
I had forgotten how deliciously low this movie is.And the horrible unlikelihood of Clooney and Tarantino being brothers...!
A study from Japan suggests that drinking 2 cups of tea or more a day can cut risk of cognitive impairment in half!
Hey Jodi! I'm Caryn and I am from San Diego Ca!
In Alabama bout to head to the gym and workout 7:42 am
Rising gas prices got you down ? Call Mr.D's to add some color to your home. Forget about driving and Stay home. "We Love to Paint"
It's almost time to #BearDown!!! Go Chicago Bears!!
I know, I've tried 2 make a mental note but I've a feeling on another day of the week I'll think something quite different!
Submitted my last undergrad paper. Ball so hard.
TSA agent #1 to agent #2: "The key to this is to look like you're doing something." Could be a direct quote from the TSA mission statement.
Happy birthday :)
ubetcha! Any chance you'll expand a few designs for the ladies ;)
Sapporo, what a great city. Found a secret restaurant, where? It is secret although I can give you a hint. Stray cat lives at the doorway.
boy stfu...anyways...
why should that even be a question? Hoe.
duh you're awesome!
bitches ain't shit and they can't say nothin, a hundred mothafuckas can't tell me nothin
Come with me, hail mary.
There are 2 kinds of people in this world...those who do...and those who don't...
I'm specifically gonna' miss 's short ass, and making me laugh. <- SO YOU KNOW IT'S REAL!
"who want what others have rather than earning it for themselves." << Watching #FOX much? Ruins brains, as you prove.
#twothingsthatdontmix niggas and money....give these negroes money they wanna trick out they pagers just to hve 6 kids and go broke...
I just got all happy Lmao
Full disclosure: Moved my #BoozeforBooks event to Sat. so we aren't hungover @ work on Fri.
Ready for Summerfest!!
I feel the should get rid of the zone in the league, you agree? That makes defensive poy real. Then you see people shine
cool, if I'm correct we get 500 clan xp just for enlisting him and any more #'s we can add to the core group on clan ops is a plus
Lmao. Ghetto talk Leo.
Pt4 even during the Bush admin the strategic focus of the use of those assets changed dramatically & even bigger change to Obama
gotta add his jersey to the list of "qb's who don't win anything for the jets"
saw some #volunteers at this weekend. you guys are everywhere I turn, volunteering to help
sam you knew what we was doing. we didnt leave you out.
Are you fucking kidding me!?
Giving away Free ticket for Capt Briens Off The Hook Comedy club on Marco Island FL. call 239-389-6900 mention Trixx ' tweet.
I click on all my short list of friends' tweets, see a days worth of whatever with context and I'm done. I view it like
now following the beautiful
Hollywood Crush Blog | New 'Breaking Dawn' Teaser Poster Is...A Tease!
Mass amounts of website design and development going on in Columbus, Ohio. Just got a Wii for the office to have a little fun on breaks....
I took a nap instead. Also, realized I prefer a juniper-ier gin than Boodles in my G&Ts.
Best start all season long by Noesi..
You rap ?
Welcome to Rob Wilson's coming out party!
ok *still looks like an angry grizzly bear*
these "Fuck Kobe" tweets getting so old
Ok Phil didnt like the last pick another "F "Hardin has bust written all over him lets try again
I'm just getting out of bed but it was so worth it. Right, ?
"Klout believes you are influentail in Bangkok." Is that like being big in Japan?
My bed is feeling extra comfortable today
AT&T: "Oh, you've been with AT&T for YEARS! I see. That's what's causing the problem."
i'm fine you?
He is going to the FINALS WOOT WOOT
All my sexy ladies if ya like R&B muzik, check out Legynd "So Conceidit" at myspace.com/legyndmuzik,
Are you listening? Did this woman just defend giving her Latino boyfriend soap because he's "a dirty sp*c"? I can't with this.
#ICanHonestlySay that this summer sucked..
RT : " Thanks for the #ff love - great company! :)” THANK YOU!
Finished Gresham's brilliantly unpleasant NIGHTMARE ALLEY -- the Tarot and psychoanalysis each dictating an inescapable, intertwined fate.
Scarcity of self value cannot be remedied by money, recognition, affection, attention or influence. ~Gary Zukav
I'll look into that, thanks!
did my uecker sound ok
Pints drinks gyros !!! Where else would you go on a Saturday night!!! #firestonedistrict baby!!!
Tryna unblock you, can't find yaa!
Found ringtone with a chicken clucking theme to Mission Impossible. Amusing. Am loading it.
Duke will go to the line again.
cool we'll send it over again now
Houston Preps get the win 66 - 55 over Kileen Elite in the 17u East Gold Bracket
That teaches me to check Twitter before watching my recording.
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." ~Leo Tolstoy
Systems act as your accountability. Every successful business has systems!
I know what u mean. I have boxes of those (story pieces)...I need to learn how to organize an office..SMH.
Polly prissy pants!
I walked that whole room trying to find u after, but u left early - I even asked people near u if they saw which way you went
Hey why did I wake up to find 5 guys sleeping in the living room? Next time invite me to our own orgies.
Gotta love it, when TUSK is being played at the #LAKERS game, and you're the only one in the room who can identify it, LOL!
The formal better make this day better.
make it about missing us.
#DuckDynasty might possibly be the best show on TV...love it!!!
Happy thanksgiving! We are so greatful for everyone who has supported us through the course of Colours. We love & hope to see you all soon!
come visit me! I'll paint you a picture. Haha
Dance Is The Answer "Tango Your Taxes Off!" Fri., 4/15, 6-8 pm. Eastern Market North Hall. Demos, lessons, BOX O' ART. danceistheanswer.org
Thumbs down to the 'viral membership' trend whereby members are rewarded for spamming Twitter and/or Facebook with company signup/info
You know it's bad when someone from new jersey is scared to drive through Malden.
I want Donato's!!!!!
can you follow me i just followed you back!!!!!
Kevin D says Michael Jackson is not an angel...heretic
Intermission: getting to hang out with my gorgeous and talented wife is even better than listening to great music.
watch the olympics RT : A6: Lighting other peoples hearts on fire makes you memorable; they never forget it.
yeah buddy watching Pauly D project now 😃👍📺
I just want her back, I know I'm a liar.
no problem!
Relax, dude. It was a pun. I'm from the backwoods state on Montana. I realize that not everyone embodies their state. Chill.
and U wonder why you don't have any culture...lol....U BEEN CORPORATIZED !!!! go back to listening to Pandora now....I'm done..lol
2nd attempt at this wireless fence training #pray4me 🐶
Be a people watcher
Jealousy and insecurity wil KILL your relationship
At a public forum on transit safety at Chicago State University.
