screwed up a word
Well i went ahead and circled you in case you're ever over there. I have to admit, I like Google+. I always learn something from it
School is POINTLESS English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: We have Dora. We are smart
Aw! Luke can't move out until he's 35, so you can move in with us!!!!
Yikes, hope no one is hurt
hmm, beautiful white face on top of What looks to be a red body. Fire the photographer!
ehhhh idk we will have to see!
Andy slow motion pieing Jerry is one of the top one TV watching moments of my life.
Business is like riding a bicycle - either you keep moving or you fall down.
“: #kitchenpetpeeves servers who think they're chefs” omg
i think i ate too much. ;o
Back in Phoenix!! The way my house look you would have thought I left for a month. Smh
Desert Harbor Coaching for women who need an oasis, a place to rest and repair, a place to dream and plan, a desert harbor of help and trust
Glad you liked it. That's mostly what I write about, so stay tuned. :D
I've been sick for too long. Ryan's reign of cat photos is over.
Getting ready for my Orthodontist appointment. Kill me now......
Saw your request for help with DreamFace, feel free to contact me with any questions you may have,
your lyrics are plain, like 8 ball jackets ~ Phife Dog
Wow i am so tired!
cc: MT Just read about AOL launching an online video network... VERY interested to see the concept
Thanx 4 the praise! What was fast & strong again?
So I walk in there and end up kissing my own brother. Yeah I know it's fucked up. You know what they say? Like father like son. You said...
The weather says 76 degrees, but I am saying sweatpants
RT : lol willow hush it make me
I tune in all day every day :) !
I'm reading it right now!
im 4 or almost 5 hours away ;/
No problem bro have a look at my site... we will be more than happy to promote your site, if you promote ours
Going to the movies later... :-D
That's what I said xD! Dear god sometimes I wish they could understand /:
Chocolate Bacon was pretty much
#InstantDebate I like wat marshall is sayin the better twam always wins
I agree! "Water" is one of my fav songs...RT : LAURYN HILL UNPLUGGED IS TRUE GOSPEL... OMG I FEEL UR HEART MISS HILL
debating if I want to sleep now and wake up at 2 or if I just want to stay awake. hmph.
I will be attending an aswesome fundraiser this evening for a great group of women who walk the 60 mile #breastcancer walk every year!
U be nice. That's my homie.
"politically physical" .. I love it. I'm gonna borrow that, with proper APA style citation of course. ;).
What's your favorite shop on Charles? Who's got the best style?
hallmark of #libleadership - yanking people out of negativity and fostering positive interpersonal relationships wherever possible
going to sleep dnt text me or call me....#stressed out! >.<
Hey - Sick of all your typical unhealthy options in the neighborhood today?
Someone show me how ANY new space company can guarantee a return on investment with their ideas?
u kidding? I will be front row (no pun intended ) with my I <3 the B-more Fergs tee on.
Lol fun day today!!!
So cute waiting for while he is singing Cancer
We'll be happy to see you! Have safe travels! (You can always order online from our store as well for your added convenience!)
it was thatt much?? Well damn! Lmao sweet dreamzz peanut 😘
OH: You have goals and like, try to do stuff
Hi Janice thanks for following!
Palace bbq buffet, too much meat
Thank you!!
I think I'm seeing things
I love you<3
it is amazing how much I want to scrub toilets (literally) when I have writing deadlines.
she just called herself a "mahonie". someone hold me back
oh youre welcome brian :)
Today was one of the longest bloody days EVER ... glad it's over. :) And for the record, I love AMCs THE KILLING -- seriously it's so good!
Kickin' it old school & rocking some Blink 182, ah high school! Hows your Tuesday AM Going? p.s Luke just stole 4SQ Mayorship from Gabe ;-)
Facebook bought Instagram. Sigh.
👈 loves Ray Allen. Sad that this loss may have been his last game. Even Jesus Shuttlesworth gets older
We keep it classy but when we drop it we make it nasty #mansionelan this friday
Blue Jackets make history tonight...a full playoff preview..plus a big warm up in the forecast...80s anyone? And a 100-year-old bowler-at 5!
Are you guys playing at country music fest?
A big shout out to Jon Lovitz for proactively and powerfully protecting his daughter. Good role-modeling, Jon!
Good morning!! :-)
I want to be more than friends, do you?
which one had your vote?
bo this sucks !
Same to you. Peace.
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging is a great way to keep clients up to date on business activities. 918-271-0062
Yay, on your great recs in I am so glad you included one of our local faves,
Oh stop it, you. You're making me blush!
« Lol ooh damn my mom gonna kill me , I just smashed all the eggs !»yurh gymnast died..
Floating in the vacuum with no purpose, not a one. Why in the night sky are the lights on?
yeah! Lol I love cupcakes!
to talk about my mama ! but you doing crack TF ? She Super Silly ! smhhhh
ah, is you. dope! music + vegans are my 2 favorite things :)
omg like no way????
nvm I went to Tonys house and I saw ur bro and mom but not u :(
Boys - Never underestimate a lady's power when it comes to the
closer to home?
I missed you luv, how u been? (:
lololol I never thought of it that way!
you'd b a sucker if u went to UofLOL. Because their coach has fewer NBA players in his 9 years there than Cal's 1 at UK! BBN
but my iPad fits in my bag and my iPhone fits in my pocket so......
I miss you SO much girl!!!! Thinking about making my way out to LA for a visit this summer!
wondering how i never knew about #iTunesGenius ...IT'S GENIUS. duh!
I am blonde again--thank you Jill at Magnum Opus in #pdx! With this much hair, having someone else blow it dry is the best present ever :)
going out tonight......trouble!!!
the fact is, our hand-eye coordination is way better
what is the issue with slow starts coaching or motivation?
thanks.. any pointers for a beginner?
Good morning, Dear! How is your day going? How's life?
I love coming home drunk af, and walking in to see my mom wide awake
where u watching it??
Congrats to the for their 2 Webby Awards!
And the campout for Wiz tickets begins!.
I hate seeing " does not follow " (me) depressing 2
I plan on setting up a fake FG account
Thanks for the RT Rachael
Having a substitute teacher, also known as tweeting frequently and creeping on people's profiles.
my name is kaitlyn am so very fly oo my its a little bit scary boys want to marry
Avengers was so good!!!!!
All the single ladies put your hands up!!!!
If you are tired of making ends meet, you need to be on this call at 9:00PM EST 646-519-5860 Code: 64630#
Seriously, so disappointing! RT Unoriginal. Audi obviously didn't get the memo that vampires are over.
hello world, i've been up for 20 hours straight now and i'm still not tired.
We have a new blogger. His name is JORDAN. Say hi to Jordan or he might cry.
he makes us forget that. Nobody wants any tiger to struggle. He has been awful this year and we have series expectations
"The Show" Directed By: Cynthia Graner "Los Gritones" * Directed by: Roberto Perez Toledo "SaE" Directed By: Christopher Oroza
whats the status on Gonzalez? and brauny for today?
rock. see you at the show
I will put it on the list for a kitty name now!
nice to see your finally rooting for the #Padres!!
Can't wait to hear it. Damn good flick.
The Fashion Show is no Project Runway....that's for sure.
Happy Monday!! What dance did you see and/or do this past weekend? Did you take a class, rehearse, perform, see a show? Let us know :-)
I've got my wicker basket on standby.
who you calling a #hoe, #skank? I'm about to pop off on a #bitch!
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say �I
I need to get my tweets up
RT : So proud of all my students. Congrats 2012 graduates!
What a throw #bradytobranch one of his best all year
Great interview with Fred, and thanks for the awesome words about the program.
No pain, no gain!
I like white girls more than black girls for some reason now I need some white girls to fwm
not gonna touch that one...
IM THE MAN IN MY CITY
Having a great week celebrating our birthday!
Do you favorite tweets? Think I might start.
If you don't start writing then I'm going to cut your fingers off.
ID'ed it! 03 05 08 09 all terrific, too! RT : Christy, the '98 will seduce you! re:
Right now! Tune in to 91.7 FM for an interview with Michelle White inside the exhibition 'Seeing Stars".
"And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves." John 17:13
they seriously do! I work out at Premier Fitness in Webster. One of my fav guys is the kid that runs BACKWARDS on the tredmil
is tweeting some real info to live by.
“: Them: Were you dropped as a baby? Me: Yeah, Into a pool of sexy.”
congrats on being named first team all-american kind, gentle, secretly #beastMODEallDAY sir
my family
Goodnight :L
I was paying more attention to the #puppybowl earlier
what channel?!?!
some of my favorite bizness ppl to w/ work with << all talented & professional.
Where's my boy at???
Awesome. Delivery too??
Gaaaah! I'm going to see it next week!
Bust a move, cut a rug, or tear up the dance floor. Whatever you call your dancing, come express it at Hip Hop in #anhkc. Sunday from 1-3pm
I'd like to try video blogging
How will you make this week healthy, fit and fun?
Theres no christmas spirit without you here
well according to the playoffs they are one of the top 4 teams in the west... Right? Define "bad team" then? Lol
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
It's Friday and I'm letting my hair down. Let the weekend begin
lol, we saw him walk into the liquor store - as best he could
i love your new single Boyfriend! you are beautiful inside and out and i am so proud of you! cant wait for #Believe!
oh, you mean like a tapenade? You're right, that's certainly a key ingredient on a true Muffaletta! I will scold the chef :)
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
you are creeeeeeepin
Republicans support tax cuts; unless they're for you.
Thanks!!! You're the first and that means you're my favorite! :-)
Hola prima! Lol I didn't know you followed me. How have you been?
Hope to see Ramon Hernandez at #Redsfest. What? Rockies?
A man with no imaginations has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
Have you read John Jeremiah Sullivan's essays in "Pulphead"? Great stuff. Also Wade Davis' "Into the Silence" re Mallory et al on Everest.
One guy lied about loosing a fight. Some guy beat him up so badly, he lied. Saying that, he had been jumped by several guys.
Moneyball is still one of my favorites! Next time, Brad!
Saw film Sanctim. Seat squirmer! Story line predictable. Underwater cave diving scenes awesome.
a knife
Cool. It's on my shelf, like third up on the queue.
Selective memory, most likely. Let's hope he never moves beyond candidate. Meanwhile, I should stick to neuroplasticity and poetry!
Want more free time? #Vote #TeaParty this November?
you can split it and blame me if anyone calls you on it :) I love those debates.
Good news: my office got Office 2010 today. Bad news: Outlook says I have 17,072 unread emails in my inbox.
i was there from 1 to 4
Pictures due by next thursday :)
David Cissé nasty
I'll try too! But guess what i just found out :((
I'm so sad cause I've never meet in front of the Al Hirschfield Theatre ... :(
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "I'm Fat." "I'm ugly."
RT "Thinking about the 1930s thanks to I won't say what's in the works yet but its something cool" and crazy :)
Flying to Saigon, then Singapore. Look forward to the food, the people, and of course getting business done!
the shirts for the trip look like mustard thats gone bad .wth. ._.
if u r going 2 see Inception tonight, u might want 2 plan on brewing some good ol' Celestial Seasonings: Tension Tamer Tea, before bed. ;)
you smell...
Damn i forgot all about june 23rd ...
Needs to be problem centered, NOT content centered
omg, one of my followers are DROP DEAD gorgeous. & shes darkskinned. thats amazing.
Running time is a beautiful thing.
I passed by it and then the menu makes me want to be 12 & dress up! IRL!? That's crazy! :)
Thanks. Watch Gayle today @ 4 on OWN.Stedman's on with her.
I give up. Could not fall back asleep after the dinosaurs galloped through Tulsa (actually crazy thunder rumbles). Treadmill time!
. Any day we () grace the front page of the Star is a great day!
": I eat the news for breakfast. #Nomnomnom" well this was the easiest RT I've ever done lol.
next on the meal: equipment and supplies?
Off to work.. Come see me 😊
Ah I think a lot of my sunscreen washed off in the ocean today.....used SPF 30 but still got burned! :-(
so what's this morning's buzz
Be prepared to see an influx of photos today that are new for a bunch of people. And eleven years old for the rest of us.
sup shelly shell
Welcome, Mr. Sperry!
Sounds like our Hopped Up 'N Horny IPA is going through some major improvements. More on that to come!
Some of the most amazing things in life can be the most overwhelming. Moving, raising children, getting to know someone new
Lawler returns as the Cardinals take over on the 24-yard line, down 28-7. Six left in the half.
Hello how are you?
Today's not a good day.
And now all I wanna see is
Police in #Indonesia tell they will not issue permit for Jakarta show, amid concerns that she could corrupt the youth
Monday is my great nephews birthday he will be 5 years old.
Thanks for the RT, you sweet thing, you!!
you blow something up in your microwave???
lol nah was watching the weigh in but yeah you see his work ethic on 24/7 haha RT : you must be watching 24/7 lol
The lightning show tonight is amazing!
Vera Wang "we don't glove you anymore".
Tweet Drama? "Twama?" how can this be? ❔❔❔
Why would anyone FTA and have thier Bond Double as Opposed to paying the same $ to an Attny to Help them?
The first studio I ever worked for day 1, is doing a new mech game! Congrats!
lol oh yes!!!
Thanks for the RT :) See you in a week!!!
HA! (in a whisper: I think he might see your tweet)
I definitely agree with that, that's my favorite meal of the day anywho
Why do you think there's a "w" in Velsaquez? Just a hard K sound in the last syllable!
love it!!! Back stage is also fun :-) happy opening cast and crew !!!
Jenny's so gorgeous
lol alright. It better be good too
thank you :D you work tomorrow?
Some, but not all. And if you want to listen to one of the albums w/o it - kinda sucks.
Court is in session....
Tweeted something. Realized I was logged into wrong account. Logged out. Now have NO CLUE which account it was.
By the hammer of Thor! Could this day BE any longer?
the thing is that we don't have the whip right now
Come on !
Already sick of it
Jonathan Allen and Manu Raju write a hit piece on for actually working across the isle and not playing partisan BS. Fuck
and i went through her messages on her phone and saw everything.
bc I'm bright orange and once I'm on u you'll really start to question the life decisions that got u here
RIP Maurice Sendak
What an awesome set by at
dude help me with this twitter thing, not really sure how to do stuff haha
got some family in from Germany so I'm out to dinner with them right now... what's poppin
If a Danny DeVito bio-pic is ever made, I have no doubt that Stan Van Gundy will nab the starring role.
Imma get my rat tail today when I get home
Awww! What kind of pet?!
Thanks, I've placed my order. I'll let you know when the card has arrived and is activated.
US: 25 out of 30 for infant mortality rate in industrialized nations. Rates even higher in most communities of color. Need
That's a GREAT song. And I'm from Wisconsin. ;)
RT And Get The Biebs To WASHINGTON!!!!(:
hiring for a .NET/C# developer to work in #PDX. Let me know if you are interested.
Intense morning! Gave a 4-hour session on CQRS, event sourcing, RabbitMQ, Riak & Erlang pattern matching. Went well, but now I need a nap.
Did you see him carve that spoon? And build that fireplace? He could kill Bear Grylls just by looking at him.
I was gonna tweet something weird, but I'm kinda drunk and forgot.
Thanks for RT Nicole. Have a great day!
this Sunday, Raleigh, NC
Interviewer: "Who's your rolemodel?" Liz: "My mom,"" Awww<3.
Only through knowledge, are top decisions that you'll be able to make for yourself without worrying about the risks!
are u a girl?
haha i know i didnt see it but it will be the longest 2 hours of ya lives
Complete the sentence...."I have a better chance of (fill in the blank) than winning the latest Mega Millions!
Time for Glee :)
You guys crack my shit up -- hope you're both not hungover today!
Shut up. I'm sure some ppl appreciated my public service.
the fat brown fox waslked under the lazy dog.
Soo bored in kingston
no later than 6 pm.
To all the people: stop posting overexposed pictures of yourself on facebook and accept the fact that your face looks the way it does.
Anybody care to guess the 2 new flavors for March? My guesses are Ground Beef, Taco, Pickle and/or Salad. Hey, it's okay to get creative.
Heard a german girl tell a jewish joke!
I'll be checking you out homie, miss working with you! Foodchain is killing it!!!
Lol yes it is! I wish there was a store that was like Wegmans, Trader Joes, and Whole Foods combined, but all at TJs prices;)
VIDEO POSITIONS OPEN! ANY GIRLS IN COLUMBIA SOUTH CAROLINA THAT WANT TO BE IN AN ADULT MOVIE? RETWEET,DM,OR REPLY!!
sure man whatever you say :)
ayoo are you gonna be in dubv this weekend?
Happy Birthday Wayne Gretzky!
Today: Do something that has now been medically proven to improve the immune system and increase our positive brain chemistry-- Smiling.
I feel a fever coming on.. 70 Degrees in #Denver today and 80 over the weekend. It must be SPRING FEVER because I just want to be outside!
I feel like I'm carrying a large fetus. Never eating again.
Time flies. I'm not that old! ;)
i love ur hair ??
Deal... How are ya liking the gig? Cause it MUST be so different (ahem... sarcasm)
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone. - Tennessee Williams
oooooommmmmmmgggggg but I guess this is what I asked for...
what a great fucking day. didn't know joking with your friends during class would turn into this big pile of bullshit.
thank you very much. thank you for reading it. :)
true that
time together is just never quite enough.
Emergency water help is on the way! cc
wat!!!? if all else fails, DM it to us
the call in number is 503 225-0860 hope you can do it
RT : The Barrick Auditorium is rockin' for a Get Out the Vote event. Titus, Berkley and Reid will be in the house @ 1pm!!!
RT : I got a lot of important things to focus on, and the shit some of y'all talkin about is irrelevant...
Jesus lol so sexy
“ I do know..but I don't tell guys...” Good luck with that, I hope ya don't wind up on hoarders with 100 cats when you get older!
. Thanks for the Tweet about 's blog!
I just thought about the fact that left the premises with giving me my bag... :(
Home of the city's most sexy sandos!
just got a proposal for an atari themed html5 dev competition! Keep the ideas coming
Silence is not weakness, ignorance or fear. Silence is going back into yourself & remembering who you are & your strength. xo's & ♥
love u 2 sunshine
Mazel Tov - that's all very cool and exciting, yet crazy at the same time!
u know it.
your cute. ;)
Dental floss appears to be in a constant state of revenge against the bathroom mirror.
Blood on the Dance Floor Interview is Dropping this week. Nate is editing it right now.
Ah!! Parks and Rec is renewed for season 5. 22 episodes!
In Vivo => Within the living organism
Get to see Tomorrow ! I'll admit, I'm pretty stoked to see them again (:
Kevin Durante bout to catch fire now
i kno u might not see this but if u do can u please follow back!! i LOVE U! xoxo
If you Follow what others do the best you can ever do is 2nd..... Be yourself and be Unique.
Yeah, just saw tweet from saying he's going out for run. Kinda stings. Hopefully still nice around 6-ish.
Also good night to the wonderful and :) I'll talk to you later today haha
I like naps
Hi! Sounds like you're very productive this morning.
You're going to love it! Celeste did a great job!
So I've heard, I'm checking out Austin this summer, there are rumors of serious swag.
Thanks for the shout-out! And, I'm glad to hear you're a fan! DM me your address and I'll pop some in mail!
Shenandoah! I just camped there last weekend.
So fucking siced I got that job training on Sunday.
yup DIED AGAIN!! She is not responding to my facebook chats!! :P
You're Responsible for Your Life......
It is HOT in Boston!! It is perfect weather for frozen cocktails!! Come try one at Tia's
Check out our new look! We can do this for your fan/business pages as well!
Go Pike Westside Rhythm!! State Finals! #MarchMadness #HoosierHysteria Winter Percussion
In case of Zombie Apocalypse, I'm tripping you.
you got it lol you guys are hilarious!!!
yeah no problem!!
Shout out to for finally joining twitter (Meredith Gamble)
I'm a bit out of it, haha. I totally forgot
proud that I mustered up the will to take hot yoga tonight. Incredible mind & body workout. Great way to close out work week & get centered.
go to sleep .
Such an emotional weekend at my confirmation retreat... I'm so thankful for my friends and family. Love you guys
2/2 "... and helpful holistically towards my performance in the course"
The only thing is full of is jimmy john's. Honest
HAPPY JORDYS DAY JORDAN!!!!! :) hope it's great;) hehe
hey Mario do you work today?
Thanks so much! Glad you liked it :P We just got started, so please spread the word to your friends :)
it's whatever bro
I'm thinkin money every moment thinkin money
Thanks for following my twitter Ahmad.
for , every commercial is as good as a superbowl commercial
you were my favorite character this evening!! Congrats on a fab first preview
Apples & Oranges my friend.
Yes. Yes is my answer. And, I was hoping you were writing something scary! (I shoulda said 'brains' instead of 'minds', huh?)
But idc. "Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Holy shit I almosst died! :O
Awee they are the cutest little fluff balls! I'm in love lol
Come tweet with us tag your NYC pic
so are you(:
YESS!!!=) I have an Auditions for America's Most Wanted this week=D
A big 6 publisher is interested in DCL #ebook model!!!
wish I was there with you guys too. Soo much.
Good luck to all of the STL Bracket Challenge participants from ! Winner gets a great gift certificate from REDD! Go
Better then your vagina bahahsh RT : Your sex is on fire 🔥
no worries there, well see to that :D See you soon!
haha, i'm definitely holding you to that. #freeloader lol kidding
the mantra right now has gotta be "don't fuck it up"
thanx for the love, check out MrSelfServe23 on Youtube
My roommate hasn't seen Firefly. This...this is being remedied immediately.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. --- Peter Ustinov
Where is marketing going?
awe the good old days !
Stranglehold before the anthem = awesome
#boyfriend is # 1 on itunes! great job!
i didn't think that would go to twitter lol
Who ever thought they would see the day that Tim Tebow went to hell?
Just entered to win giveaway from Blue Cricket Design. I give stuff away all the time but never win!
Carlos Gomez seems to now be injured as well.
Nice! Bring us a W
Lol aiight good bro, everything went well?
I'm so tired if being told be happy with yourself. I AM HAPPY W/MYSELF. Others need to get on board. To me reality is happiness
U IZ SO MEAN LYKE OMG
The dog does not understand the time change. She's ready for dinner, even though she's two hours early. It's going to be a long two hours.
RT : happy B Day!!!!! You got a whole new life to live!! Enjoy it
Orthodontist tomorrow :// not cool.
I let my five-year-old take over all my Draw Something games. Stick figures for all!
yeah bro I gotta leave
very nice daaammm
Yeah, pretty late/early there, no? Deciding between River Plate & Sons of Anarchy season 1. Seen the series?
if I'm louder would you see me? would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave it gone again
#Hoeski chants are still a thing?
You are gorgeous! ♥ Ohh! & i love your Marilyn Monroe background:D
Don't miss out tomorrow! Sign up for a mountain bike race and join in the festivities - food trucks, free beer and a great crowd!
Morning world I’m riding around on my side of town wit’ my dubs up and my window down
lol don't mention it
note: next Christmas Album U should sing "Cold Outside" With Beyonce! Awesome~
wait, wtf. this vegan shit is MICROWAVE ONLY? This seems wrong to me. Also, I don't have a microwave and its in plastic. Shit.
your awesome!
May 15th @ 8pm will host it's night of readings @ The Cherry Lane Theatre!! Reservations:
what a great weekend, super excited for this week!
The very essence of #leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. -Theodore M. Hesburgh-#
Can't wait to see everybody out at adairs Tonight! Special thanks for sticking up for old school friendship yesterday!
i followed you =]
We are planning to be busy busy with #SB46 and we've got the booze in-stock to be that way!
and soo u. Can't reply
stop trying to play the victim
that's always me. i think i must have been born sleeping!
RT : Early going in Omaha, 17:12 to go and #Gators with a 4-3 lead on Norfolk St, all of UF's pts from the FT line
Thank you media for regularly pointing out Chen #Guangcheng is blind, otherwise I would have assumed he was some kind of hipster douche.
I love chuck...lots of flavor from the fat!
when there is a good reason to... love...when there is no good reason to... love...when there is no reason needed at all... love...
Happy Friday! Hope you do something fun :-)
Okay, I may as well say it too! The snow was nice today! We got our Christmas tree up and built us a cozy fire.
thats whats up..can u e mail me your# and when r u free to meet?
I'm hyper let's play volleyball - Michael Stallings
Emergence or epiphenomena may be the terms we were searching for to describe the whole being greater than the sum of the parts.
I'll admit that I do have an incredibly large amount of work to do with my house, ha.
Hahahaha I am. stop replying to me go on &finish yer sammich! :p #FatAss ;)jk.
Doctor Who marathon. Please stand by...
Iced Tea
The kid pulled 30 hours of over time.... Lol....
That hotel room getting really boring, huh?
sexy pirates that's a scary thought.
LOL yeah true.
Pretty amazing link, Liz.
Legs: heavy and weak leg
I love 2012. When artists like A$AP Rocky and Lana Del Rey can work with each other and have no shame.
u know it
The day is going good so far!
Wow, beautiful storm out. Nice night to leave the windows open :)
You always know when I'm tweeting about us, don't you?
(: your video is almost done(: please watch it! it took my a while to do this!(;
Interval cardio still kicks my butt to this day! That's how you know you're doing it right!
Who gets the most ladies out of the three of you?
I don't see it. Two current players got suspended. I don't think that kills their whole season. This is a team built on offense.
I like Pie!!!! America needs more pie (more cow bells too). Pie = peace. Pie = happiness
tongue fuck my pussy
RIP Junior Seau...
I can't believe how many teenagers getting frappucinos are ahead of me in line while I wait for actual coffee at the Starbucks downtown.
Congrats Running With Panthers on your sick new 7 inch!! First 50 colored wax come w/ 4-26 show ticket and PBR goodies!
I wonder when #gristedes is going to catch on to this, and how much $ they'll offer you to become their official street blogger
Lets see you back on Twitter full time, what music is happening?
oh by the way that was sarcasim..its my new thing but thanks tho
Sounds like you guys do a good job of connecting. Do you just not care that much about what a band's up to?
Lets go
Ya think?
You can tell when someone's insecure when they're a completely different person on twitter than they are in real life
RT : Sigh..I go to somebody fb page just to laugh at them...jesus please take this ratchetness away from me.--lmao, I do too
Happy Early Birthday! “: starting my birthday weekend off right! going to see and with :)”
“: they are not winning it all.” who's your team??? Oh bulls? Where they at? Oh......
Should Calipari go to the Knicks or stay at UK? If he stays at UK he will achieve God like status..if he already hasn't.
Phone chargers forgotten: 0. Phew.
I hope by the time you come to the USA....you are still a humble harry
If we desire civil discourse, perhaps we should ask people to read not Ayn Rand but Jane Austen.
Vikings to play in Gopher's stadium while new stadium is built. So now two amateur teams will play in the same facility.
R E S P E C T, find out what it means to me! Lmao idk why but I've been singing that all day
lovely view! I was just out there last week, club scene besides 1 spot was garbage though
I've always wanted to visit and it looks like I might get the chance this fall for a PR event. Fingers crossed!
#EVERYONENEEDSAFRIEND so don't
Check out my live feed interview around 8, I'll put up the link in a few
I've got some serious work to do to my stomach before next weekend... This is ridiculous..
Things you don't want your dinner guests to hear at Thanksgiving #5:" I am SO not wearing pants today" Husbands. Sheesh.
#myidol - Elise picked a great song. She's one awesome rock chick. Very cool.
What does David Bowie have to do with Texas history?? :-)
Tired of these antibiotics and being sick :x
Cmon Lexington. You're better than this. It was just Louisville. We are supposed to beat little brother.
f i STOPPED TALKING TO YOU .....don't take it PERSONAL ...I'm GRINDING so that the next time I talk to you u I got some WORTH TALKING BOUT
ticket sale has been moved to this upcoming Friday
Wide awake right now. Could use a Dutch.
i get you :) because we catch up the minute we're together again! i'm gonna miss you SO much! more than anyone else, obviously!
same! My Faves are "96000", "ChestNuts"& "Last Dance". I memorized almost the whole rap for "96000", hehe♥
“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” -Maya Angelou
Now head on over to Old Town ;)
hey long time no talk :) <3
That's great news! (P.S. radio reaches much of the state, not just Portland. Lots more ears.)
The other big reason to watch this morning... a big change is coming in your forecast. #Patrick Hammer
May the Fourth be with you - #StarWarsDay all over Detroit! Things will never say...
Chris breezy is fucking whack
we need a pic of those shoes!! :)
Anyways, taking a break from packing. About to get dress and get ready for downtown.
Both gross but I guess Gatorade.
I heard that show as well. I only have their first fabulous album "Entertainment!" and now want more....
two meetings for separate webseries and events in the next few months.
: me too! And for sure on the feedback, thanks!
Thank you!! Have a great day!!
too cute
And good point on the "too real" look hurting fantasy. The LOTR universe requires an otherworldliness a film look can provide.
totally. oh wait, do you mean me? because then no.
RT : I care to much, I needa stop.
Days like this are great to just enjoy outside and not be in.
blago got screwed now he needs to bring the rest of them down with him starting with Obama started it
lol! To be loved
& I ALWAYS am the first to message back. I thought if this time were different he'd know I won't tolerate being treated badly!
“: I'm glad you guys like my "54 Minutes Of Funk" mixtapes!!! Spread da word!”
#GOP: Property over people. #Dems: People over property. Where is your loyalty? People or property? And what would Jesus say?
Look both ways before you cross the street. Always.
Hey Stephen I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you <33
How would you like it if you couldn't marry the person you loved. It's not right! You can't help who you love!!!
i was born to spit this dope
Talking to Tim Allen at 2pm (PST). What should I ask him?
I freaked out big time when followed me imagin following me. You better watch out no telling what I will do
he looks so different now....
Rules for NPR party: no flash photography on solange knowles
Speed Training
Just got back from camp and it was TERRIBLE, just ask your sister. I can't wait 2 go to Camp Fusion next year
do you know what time the greenwood/Whiteland game is?
All Thursday ticket holders will be honored admission on Friday ONLY.
I aint throwing no SUBS
Boom. Birthday.
Gods Little Instruction Book~ If you dont stand up for something then youll fall for anything.
NYC @ Arlene's Grocery tomorrow! If you know those any NYC peeps let them know! Important show for us <3
I get the same amount of attention as a white crayon. Yep.
Brown Sugar is a good movie
I wonder how many black people can actually resite the 10 commandments. ............. Still waiting
Murray for sure...I like Greene after that, but it's close between him and Blount
I'm game - maybe early June?
GOOD GOD!
lmao when? I get no calls !!!
yep don't want to get up at all ;(
I actually might do what i say i will do today lol
Can't zoom out enough on #raceview to see, you know, racing. Please fix
Her Avi Aint Cut At All !
P.S. Go Skins!
Oh yes, but I'd say most. We cry on the West when it barely sprinkles. Still doesn't validate winning experience points tho.
S/O SUM OF THE 412 ARTIST'S
Are you a #cancer patient? Know someone who is? My #book can help w/inspiration & info: Amazon "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer"
#DBLsocial Speakers and Engaging Social - 136 peeps signed up for event.
Don't suppose they have any penguins, either. I'm going to TJ's.
Thanks, Megan! We think you're the best.
I would wake up with a sore throat....great
Haha that's cool! Hmm I don't know? :)
Don't be sorry about anything! You rocked that last minute of last night's game :) GO #BULLS!
I have so much building up inside of me that I don't let out. This is gonna eventually end in a bad way.
Is this the same station Erin Davison works for?
ayy my dad is DJ'ing for kirko bangz ;D
What a beautiful day in ! I love my heritage, it's great to be #Danish!
You must visit soon!
NW Cherry Chocolate Shakes are back!
wait I have an issue someone dm'd me I gotta fix this shit!
MINDBOGGLING. and scary.
a fellow TM member just recently passed away anf if you can show some love for there fam
Who's ready for the summer?
Creative really needs to follow through to landing pages to share a cohesive message.
Cam already did it
#RIP day shift
Im a fucking awesome cook!
• Also pitched very well.
I am a garden. fertilize me.
Fuck man I need to sleep.
going to lunch with a random czech man to help him practice his english.
Matt's mom sent me a box of those really expensive teeth whitening strips, which is one of those gifts that makes me say.."Thanks?"
Rewards names tho - but that's changing... RT : The market doesn't necessarily reward the best educational experiences. #eisu…
are you still on ? If so what is your store name ?
hello there! how's your leap day? :)
Let's keep the internet open. Support the
Feelinh lame moment,when nobody gets your joke
Taking off for Atlanta! Can't wait to be back in my favorite part of the country, DC tonight
Guess I finally figured out how to work this Instagram thing. still in hospital, still hoping for the best.
Joey Diamonds Official Sites are.
Aldridge out for the season, will undergo hip surgery. Plans to be back for training camp but does it jeopardize his Olympic shot?
just sent you an email! So sorry for the delay!
Giants continue making power moves right up until the 2012 NFL Draft. They are looking good and the NFC East should be afraid!
This Good Friday is turning out to be great for me =D
No matter how badass you are, when a little kid gives you a Toy Phone and says its for you, You answer that shit.
Thank you for the RT :-) Cool, right?
hey ! happy birthday!
Your asking me to leave...It's my house
Not sure who I feel worse for, my twitter followers or my pinterest followers.
I am pushing to get the book, The Dutch Ship Brederode 1644-1658 reformatted and corrected. I am talking with an ebook publisher.
for x factor or glee project?
www.supertova.com Thank you to everyone in the millitary!!
... To be followed by a screening of their film about a nomadic Tibetan family, Summer Pasture @ 7:00pm.
I'm checking out Pre-Paid Legal. Does anyone know anything about them or how their services? Please let me know if you do.
now watching with
enjoying your presentation at
Ian from ian and the dream just sang at my karaoke show at vintage!
My nightmare on elmstreet collection is finally complete
Hey use your super powers to sell books on Twitter. :-)
Happy Birthday! (Swype offered grout or hippy. Unacceptable birthday wishes.)
All human beings are born speaking the same language and die speaking the same language.
Can you hold more then one disguise in #prototype2?
Really...tell us to enjoy our lives without caleb....enjoy your life with caleb...you dont know how to take care of him you twat.
Only 1 more day to join us in the #paleo #zone #diet challenge! You don't want to miss this. Call us tomorrow 2 sign up!
I just get a text from my boy saying come meet me at the bunny house lmao
Some people need to
Opening Day details should be released soon... Probably Tuesday....
hope u stay forever and ever .. :) keep making us happy .. Kau ang inspiration nmn mga lovebirds hehehhe mwah!mwah!
not their fault the Rangers take forever trying to finsih the deal =(
I'll look forward to it
story of my life.
Michael phelps is the man
is in 4 the Knicks!! Big Blue Nation all over the NBA!!
Speaking of #c4l12 and awesome, I believe the only thing truly missing from this conference is some
Everything I've tweeted the past few days is either from a movie or music. Hmm... I need a day away from everything.
Not gonna lie. Classic rock blows pretty hardcore.
So cool you are already there. I leave early in the morning for #ASTD2012 in #Denver & hope to network with folks from
It's going to be a cold night in New York
Tryin to get fucked up and parents ruin it #Graduated life soon:)
#uwm apparently a light pole fell over... On someone near BOL?
Either a song from one of them, if you like or dig their music!
Neither are my children. They disobeyed me and ate after midnight.. Oh no... I think they are hatching!!
I wonder if Jeff Lurie will ever figure out that the problem is Andy Reid, not player personnel?
"Community colleges are community assets. They understand the needs of local employers." - U.S. Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis
Did anyone get rained on this morning? We had some tropical-esque showers near the Encinitas retreat.
damn it! U win! See u next month bro! Let the party begin!
yay! yes, let's do that :D have a great weekend! love you <3
Thank you Lord for paying the ULTIMATE SACRIFICE 4 us, broken, imperfect people as we r! Your LOVE is immeasurable! I am forever thankful!
What was it?
That's a crappy way to spend part of the day - it goes w/the territory. Mountains win sometime. TLC is good medicine.
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get your are to sleep.
Time Warner cable has by far the most useless customer service ever. 4 phone calls and a failed online attempt with no help in sight.
"A WET PUSSY AND A DRY PURSE NEVER MADE ANY SENSE TO ME!"- My Grandma Mandy !
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past. Feeling the Irish spirit today.
Writing thank you cards my hand hurts so much more to write someone should distract me and tweet me haha
“: How long before somebody in the Reds ownership group is arrested for money laundering? #bigcontractssmallcrowds”
Happening Now! RT : LIVE view on NASA TV & http:///www.nasa.gov/ntv of Soyuz landing and touchdown at 10:26pmET!
I am having issues as well with the search!
It's National Peanut Butter & Jelly Day! It's peanut buttuh Jelly time! It's peanut buttuh jelly time! #singit!
What does chez mean
don't go getting pissed at me cuz I'm busy doing my stuff and can't help you with yours.
*they aren't too dressy
Why does it always rain on the weekends?
Email us -> so we may exchange info!
I support you, Mr. President!
What the hell i can't sleep!!!!!
Cornrows - $30+...Quick Weave - $50 Get at me for the lovely looks done by the Diva herself. 214-636-1762 "TEXT FOR APPOINTMENT"
Haha i feel like a giant eating a tree when i eat my broccoli....
Somebody turn the sliders up for the Lakers
“: “: u may wanna clarify that u have no child & that u would like to bring ur nephew lol” 😒 shutup”LOL
Thoughts on Cave of Forgotten Dreams: You can't just say something is about "beauty and death" and expect people to believe you.
For the next three days, no classes.
Congratulations darlin'! =) Have a happy and safe New Years
Hi(: please clean my screan. Your thumbs are all over me:-)
I just wanna go home and go to sleep and shower and write my 5 essays.
Honestly if it weren't for all the hype, I'd be running out to get pastries and the newspaper.
Enjoyed yesterday's great crowd at the info session for prospective MBA students. Still time to apply for spring, start classes in January!
Chinese food :)
haha before or after you brought me a water into the bathroom? Which incidentally ended up in my front yard 😔
I know! I can't believe they passed it!
I officially feel TERRIBLE. J has given me his sort throat, swollen glands, stuffy nose, head-achey, feverish funk.
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
I need to build a new terrarium or paludarium or any type of tank again. bad. I miss having greenery around home!
Trying to look intimidating in my new avi as to scare away spam bots.
Watching CSI: Crime Scene Investigation with Viggle Mon | 3PM | Spike Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The hunger b
Kinda wish I was paintballing in the morning haven't been since last October
I know a blue eyed angel. You should beware of her.. She stole my heart right in front of my very eyes ¦)
I have decided that it is people that make life interesting. It'd be very dull without them.
Why a 3D model rather than video? Can accommodate tangents in teaching, branch and return flexibly
that would be carving KNIVES although carving KNOVES could be equally dangerous if left in the wrong hand
Noted relationship expert will be on my show this Wednesday 9-11(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
of course! Mason's like a brother to me.
*I* just found it randomly in a google search, and it made my day!! It's on my FB and I've tweeted it here too! I LOVE IT!!
Never mind the ACTUAL assaults occurring IN #OccupyOakland…
Great #Rembrandt exhibit, yes, but let's not forget the Gala Opening Party Fri June 22nd! Last year's theme was "Bella Naughty"
is he as cranky as his online persona?
C'mon Kobe
definitely! Dont know how some people do it! Btw, just RT you again by accident! Sorry :)
One learns people through the heart, not the eyes or the intellect. -Mark Twain
Right back at ya --> " Good mtg with today! I love working with cool peeps"
absolutely beautiful :)))
that was a past event and I was not witness to any of it! I was on the calm bus!
About to wash the whip and grab some grub!
Kids come w their stacks of books labeled w names on them. That makes it faster to sign.
dont get smart that's why you need some more followers lol
too white you wouldn't understand my nigg.
SOL until after third cup of coffee, vision requests after 3rd meeting of the day will be denied due to decision fatigue...
just read that one online, really wanna get down there and take some photos before its all gone.
I swear if I ever met Justin bieber I would literally jump on him & start 2 makeout with him lol justkidding but I would hug him
Having a bad day. :( if only tweeted me.
children shouldn't drink or smoke to make the pain t go away . TRUST your friends and they will help you get though it <3
that makes me want to have breakfast again!
dress and heels I could do, I have killed legs. Makeup is a no go
That's why you should never get out of bed earlier than your normal time!
welcome to Twitter my dude
I heard a rumor.. is it true Ryan and krissie are expecting again?
Hope we are still on for coffee soon!
right. Noted. thx.
At school i never go on twitter
pshaw! I appreciate anything anyone can contribute!
Thanks for the follow :D
#10FactsAboutMe I love to sleep
ICE CREAM SOCIAL!!!
#Maxum deadbolt offers unmatched protection against bumping attacks, picking, drilling, wrenching, kicking, or other physical abuse
kind of robotic and has become part of the modern pop "sound." One day it will sound "dated" like any overused element in pop.
Home from my 1st nite of Bikram Yoga. If what is most difficult to achieve stays with me the longest, this practice will be with me forever.
...cool bones - almost expected to see a skateboard under its feet...
writing rough drafts for yearbook posts
Giving this a try...maybe i need to read the directions first. Twitter, can you hear me now?
I am the next biggest thing watch as i create music like you never knew it. Follow me at my twitter and see what happens as I make it.
miss u babycakes
Is it dinner time yet?!
Tickets now available at rocderby.com for Global Harming, July 10th doubleheader!
what made you want implants if you were already a perky C? Just curious, luv u!
“: Looks like he's been crippled in a freak car accident...”
almost at 2500!
Thursday a.m.: grading. Thursday p.m.: dentist.
Lakers/Nuggets tonight; has all the makings for a classic. I'm pumped.
Excited to try some bites from #ElCentro #Teranga #Stella at #TOSE12 tonight!
All of the recent news aside... RIP Joe Paterno. Thank you for all that you have done for the sport of Football.
and got spun out like a mofo
Kelly clarkson got some lungs on her. Almost put me in tears.
Distract me from reality, kind soul.
Trying to catch up on MobWives and I keep falling asleep. This season is LAME
if life throws lemons at you.... They better be pink:) justsaying night
Hello & WELCOME! :) RT up early for rutgers orientation. idk why I'm nervous. however, I will despise the commute. wish me luck!
“I will stay in jail to the end of my days before I make a butchery of my conscience.” ― John Bunyan
sounds like some late night porno on cable " yu just turned in with mmh goes both ways jessie, caller ur on the air." Lmfao
Photoshop CS3 was released as a public beta, if I recall correctly.
Wow! We love that you <3 Naz so much ... best of luck to you!
I Love you Austie ♥ Hope you had a great Monday :)
thx miss C .... You rock
if someone got shot down the road you should re enact it on
TY! That will be a perfect summer activity. Depending on his schedule most days/times should work for me :)
yeh too bad so sad lol
I can't wait!
not at all.
Simon Cowell wants A LIST MUSIC STARS as Judges, not Chaka Kahn, Wynonna Judd, who Z LIST MUSIC STARS.
One day I truly will be able to sleep in just not today...Eveyone have a wonderfully blessed time in this day that the Lord has made.
Just got #instagram. Follow me: lovecourtneyoxo
Just started researching this! > I'm excited and terrified to hear what you find out.
Holy hell what a great day today, landed an internship, got federal work study, and graduate in December. Taking on the world! :)
I had a great time performing and STRUTing my stuff in the 512! Thanks to MKV Productions for having me. It was a blast!!!
was great meeting you both at ECGC :) Been pushin' Bust-A-Marble to a ton of ppl since then :D my gf is playing it right now.
oh my god i had no idea! we're even more meant for each other than i thought
The Balloon Museum hosts Balloon Explorium every day during Balloon Fiesta. Bring the kids by to enjoy some balloon fun!
#RiseNGrind Blessed to See Another Day! God is Good.
Kay i think i might be in danger of throwing up
(This urban renewal digression brought to you thanks to )
Another day...another local murder suicide..at least kids weren't involved.. glass half full kind of day I guess.
I was actually pretty good!(: ill be home in like 20.
Welcome to Twitter! Would love if you came to our favorite Old Style Bar and had a beer with us... Go Cubs!
Do you have a dream? Stand up and go after it, I mean NOW!!!!!!
ME. It's so good to hear your voice!
Yep: we WILL be having our corporate webinar-conference tonight. Usual time: 10 pm EST at www.lywlive.com. Christopher / 602.573.4157
first dance class starts at 12:30.. last one for the MYACT dance elite team starts at 3:30! gonna be a long day..
awh thank you =) you have a nice day too
#LIKE RTG on Facebook for news, contests and of course insider announcements about on September 15....
watching Dexter on Boxee
I got u
Lol awww that's nice he knows you & Montell are my friends you good:-)
Thanks so much for the follow!
Great picture, Michael! How is your day shaping up?
*looks around in kitchen* are they all gone? *looks out window to check yard*
Back to work💰💰
To upgrade to an iPhone or another BB? I cannot decide!
followed:) follow meback?
seen in #CartergateNewark: child on parent's lap, front seat of car, no seatbelts for anybody; plus it's pedestrianised area.
#5bestsmells Lilacs, freshly mown grass, leather jackets, French toast, cologne (on the right man).
Profile pictures giving the middle-fingers...
Aww :D really that's so nice of you.
Ascap/ party!! Bringin home 18 awards...black keys playing tonight...shhh that's a secret
preach about that vitaminwater
I'd like to ask for prayers from my followers. We just found out my son has a large hole in his heart and needs an operation next year.
I love you baby more than anything u make my family complete!!!!
I wanna watch safehouseeee
No David Garrard? what is the world coming to? Why? We, here at the shop, think that this was a bad move.
it's crazy how friends can become strangers
RT - Go D-backs! have a powwow with those Indians, and sock it to 'em! (Cleveland Indians that is!)
Thanks to all who attended today's concert despite chilly, pouring rain! We loved singing for you all & meeting you at the party afterward!
yo quit stealing my tweets
Romney: "Americans are tired of being tired." Miller: "Who writes this poop?"
RT : Do a search on #whirlwind & check out the tweets.Tweet the same thing yourself & you may win a $50 gift card.
thanks for the follow :)
....I'm eating pizza
Better. RT : If you don't generate PROFIT, you don't have a business either :-)
Wow today was overwhelming for me ...i really need to take care of my self if i want to be around 4 mylitlegirifeeldoasiambeingdrainbyothers
"Gtr Aerobics and the Poetry of Technique" my method book must get written! aiming for universal theory =tech. + theory+ ear train.
There u go loll!!
luck w the Green Thumbing
Call her the titanic, the way she goin down
Physically, or professionally? I suppose the answer to either is yes. ;)
Bruno's sisters/ Ryan accept on fb? That would be so awesome :D
Excited to be the volunteer on 's #Anacostia Riverwalk #BTDC tour this afternoon!
Eating Tuna on toast and watching Bill & Ted's. Yea, it's a great day.
haha. that would be MY parents.
": I am. RT Who else is a #SaturdayLibrarian tomorrow?"me too # :) no rush hour!
Yes! We will have to discuss it....hope you're having a great day.
me and the kid i reaaalllly like are going to date, and he said we would be cute. i almost cried.
sometimes it's the only choice
We only count one entry per person (one additional entry if you provide cell #). Thanks.
According to saint index, casino developers and large retail developers among most hated community projects
Can't wait for the future of :) so proud of him<21
Kinda down.lot of good things happening, but my personal life is in the crapper. Headed to gym today to workout. Maybe that will help.
Its a mighty strange thing to organize the who is who in Econ, finance and business titans to? To do what? Silly Bilderberg Goose.
straightening my hair then watching #RAW :)
i got dibs recording a guitar part ;)
Did you know...you can win Doc Chey's / Osteria gift cards at 's Monday Night Trivia? 8pm tonight!
Mayor Gray: “Make no mistake: there is far more that brings us together than there is that drives us apart.”
only the best band EVER!
WAS WRONG? D:
Up on this late night thinking bout shit...hungry too so subway it is!
Exciting partnerships happening with Opus Beauty, In 2une Music, and All Celebrity Travel! Stay tuned!
In mediation this morning. I think we are finally getting somewhere: one has admitted she thinks the other is a "meanie head."
Oh. Now it stopped. Hmph.
bouta go to sleep den wake up at 5 in the mornin. good night twitter.
In case people want to change, they will. In case they don't wish to, it is hard to make them do so.
"Emotions will destroy you if you let them make decisions for you."
Windsor is clean and locked up. Keys at Olivia St. Just inside kitchen door.
We've got two tix to give away for tomorrow's WI #Beer Lovers Festival in ! Pick up onsite..tweet us why you should win!
Tonight's Drink Special: Boozey Hot Apple Cider $6
It b crazy how u could say shit on the net...and 10 different people n 10 situations take it like u was talkin to them...I guess so then
The useless things we do with money...shame.
I love when I see Britney trending on twitter..yup it's a good day!:)
hahahaha yea bitch!
when are you guys going to support at&t locked iphone?
Andrew Luck just needs to walk on stage before Goodell, and say "I'm the No. 1 overall pick, GET ME PAID BITCH"
You got it! LMAO
Thanks for the yums and the laughs at Leon's and
The PA mic will be silent for tonight's game in honor of Carl Beane, who passed Wednesday.
Chatting with audiology students online
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit
Skipping lunch is never a good idea! We have delicious & nutritious lunch choices! Try our Tuna Melt-Down Gourmet Panini!
DC: Early voting starts today. Cast your vote for the candidate of your choice; VINCE GRAY! KWAME BROWN! 441 G ST NW, DC 8AM-7PM....
Why is it that on Facebook all people do is TBH or Truth Is. Or Post a picture of someone with a disease. I mean its sorry but. Idc
How we are thinking about our game will determine the out come. So my question to you is how are you thinking about your game
Heck naw. lol. But Im headed to the library though in about an hour to start something. You been able to get stuff done this week?
": If you had no limits of time and money, what would you do/create?"
hahah twitter trashing love it
And....it's official. Going HOME to Boston for Memorial Day Weekend. Friends, beach, BBQ, liquor....this is gonna be epic.
The skill it takes to produce a sentence...is also the skill of creating a world. -Stanley Fish
Just made some cooling lemonade with fresh lemons and stevia. Sweet, really healthy, high in vitamin C and perfect for this hot weather.
Yup. but the choir is tight tho. Lol
Thanks Elizabeth!
Sittin on a backporch in Brooklyn. Whisky is good... and bad, right??
Pete, you should write this! There's plenty of fodder.
The first SATC movie was so good. I wish they never made the second one.
Mines next week....
RT But know what? The people make ANY place. Houston has really good peeps that make mosquitoes & heat worthwhile #HIWI [WORD]
Wayne County Sheriff's searching Sodus Bay for George H Heinz I, 21, missing since Monday
This is shit. Get it moving blues this is QPR my god.
Producers & advertisers will try to make you think you really need their product, infact you don't.
#NewRulesofCivility 81. Wash your hands before eating, and do not rest your elbows on the table.
getting a good chuckle out of those who still see Twitter as useless and self-indulgent. such a powerful tool if you want it to be!
I had to go home 1st & then I made the mistake of lying down. Are you guys doing something after?
- "self-help" books < SELF-HELP by Lorrie Moore.
Hostess at mermaid inn seated three walk-in doubles before me then said I'd have to wait for a table. Fu mermaid. Lost me as a customer
yesterday was alright i guess
love the new icons
Love your life and life will love you back♥.
very excited to be a judge tonight! RT : Tonight 8pm #collegekidsgonefunny finals w/
Hats off to for his MC, moderator, people herding, & piano-playing skills at #get2012 !!
Thanks to #thesimpsons for the not-so-subtle reference to #wargames by having Protovision exhibit at the electronics expo in 2nt's episode
Good luck
sounds good :)
Just as seeing the never gets old, opening a new book & reading fills me with pride.
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder
My major prof honored➤RT Congrats recognized by All America Football Foundation for FAR work. Gotta see the tux!
#bulls game vs. #nuggets should be great tonight
>>>> this some Bass Music Club Shake Your Ass Shit!!!
LOVE the new twit pic! Think about Superbowl Vegas beauty! Xo! ;)
"I imagine a world in which __________."
Doing some HDR timelapse tests. We'll see how they come out.
Fabric of society RT Fabric of time, heart on sleeve - what are other metaphors that involve lives and textiles?
I can make that happen. I have a few bottles left.
I hear you! Good luck and keep kicking a$$.
Eating home made ice cream(: beating up haha
he's not hahah
It is with great sadness that I accept your preemptive resignation. You were a worthy opponent.
he got hacked
CD Release show @ Rex Theater, Pittsburgh PA on July 2nd! Be there! ITs gonna be the best show yet!
OKAY THAT'S AWESOME. I'LL SEE YOU IN SCHOOL. BYE ZAYN!
Mediation Prep Seminar thru #PBCJA was outstanding. Thanks to Vince Leonard of and others for their time and expertise.
Fire ineffective teachers and support the great ones. Why in education do we expect the best, but accept mediocrity?
Definitely! :D
One month til I see Shawn! 💃👍❤
text me!!
I am comtemplating staying up all night and then coming home and sleeping when I get off work. Because I really cant sleep.
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL....HAVE A GREAT ONE!!!
i went a lil left and forgot to mention the unachievable goals of people..
Foto shoot for major NY magazine. I am lucky girl!
so long my friend. Til next year of course😊
Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?
The Black Pine - Let Go
But I'm thirsty !
if #buffalo had an #NBA team would you follow them, and the NBA? I think I would
RT : Paul Glen and Maria McManus were excellent presenters. Great way to end the conference!
Woke up with pain in every part of my body.. At least it's Friday, TGIF!
Checkout the Shin Do Kumate & Muay Thai event for Feb 27th at www.shindokumate.com
Ain't - no - lie. Baby, bye-bye-bye. RT " darrin's dance grooves"
exactly. I just don't get it
And/or a SS teacher's memoir! RT : "The DBQ of Life"--sounds like a good end of the year project-kid created!
Thanks for the RT
Exactly. But it'd be irresponsible to put him back in
we plan to be at this year ! Everyone go follow them, and show love !
Aww why's that?
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Your blog is the best I've read in a great while, sir! Just absolutely wonderful...
Walked into work this morning and was greeted by 1) the most adorable dog ever, and 2) a brand new, beautiful work computer
Listening to in the car. 😜
Thanks! RT btw: great bio, Carolyn: "I am not a maven, an expert, or a guru. "
wait...did I just read what I think I read?!
You won't find serenity as you spin around on this planet, without forgiveness in ur heart. (That doesn't mean u shouldn't defend yourself).
excellent talk by Gorno-Tempini on PPA @ UCLA. PPAs are helping us understand lang networks in ways that are different from CVAs
How are your studies going?
everybody's lookin 4 the ladder
inever got to write on it
that would be awesome!
#HowAboutWe get this fire going.
Long day at a press check but excited to see this come to fruition!
Do the John Wall - Troop 41!
plz follow me and send me ur email. I'd love to connect!
wheres ur track for the 's video contest
Rush Hour 2 
The Group Travel Leader is doing a State Spotlight on #Iowa in our April issue!
ha I'll keep my head up then and try to take it easy on the
She never shuts the fuck up! I swear, just let me do me you do you. You say you don't care bout me well show it. stop worrying bout me.
Try it! Thats where its at. Everybody can't pull it off though gotta have that era
My time to crash,it was fun,hope we can do it again...I'm going to dream tonight.....LOL
#Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. Sweet YA quest tale, maybe not as extraordinary as the reviews
Going to listen to Sky Blue Sky presented by the wonderful for the second night in a row. Great sleep album.
how are you today?(:
when i was young/foolish, i probably visited 100k, maybe. but never even close on aero bars. i like downhills but not that much.
Before everyone passes out or get's drunk, I wanted to say thanks to all of you guys who follow me, this year was a lot of fun with you guys
Holy crap austin looks so different now.
Check out Diversepopgroup Video Single For Sure and vote for it!
Re: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY- driving to Annapolis w a buddy, if anyone else wants to car pool w/us to see this history changing moment, txt me.
nice. thx man! i think im gonna buy A #SWIVL. Thanks man!
I bet all the money that I will ever make that Ice and Coco will break up .
How you gon' #win when you ain't right within?
And that is the beauty of a good trade: I think I have it best. :)
Dark lord day tickets on stubhub for $250. What a huge bummer.
You can't talk basketball until you commit to a team
hahaha sorry we are weak when it comes to follow backs! see you on friday at the masq w/ cartel?
Hello to all the new followers!! Help us spread the word about our new twitter, FB, and 4Square pages!
I think we should vote for the most negative person to do one for
": Taking my shorty on a date.">Now thats a Good Mommy... We need more #Motherslikeyou :-)
#2BeHonest I'm in love with a boy in my class....
We did everything backwards, you and I.
good afternoon ma
I'm such a bone head!
can. Misread.. freakin wiki answers. "top answer" my ahh
Cabin in the Woods... #this late
The blonde ballroom with the infectious smile can DANCE! Mamma mia that was good. Woot!
I just irked & sad
Politics thrives on conflict, where there must be winners and losers. Pro-love is politically incorrect.
Awww it's ok! That's so weird! I'll see you all next weekend for sure :)
all he does is fill in and yell how smart he is and how dumb we are. That makes for some great radio
Not a very insightful reply.
LaHair is also hitting HRs on 36.8 % of his flyballs in play this year, which I think is pretty good if I'm doing this right...
everyone please pray for Kyra's family. no parents should have to bury their child, especially this young.
How did I just find out that was in the #Avengers movie?
Ive never been this hungry before
they weren't allowed to before? i'm surprised a married couple would be on a deployment together. didn't know that happened
Seriously? Airships in the next Three Musketeer movie? Hollywood, check your fan base before you do something stupid.
Steve Schmidt talking Schmidt about how bush will be viewed as a positive for
lol aye i feel u on that one
Samsung unveils the Galaxy S I
The speed we get with is amazing. Never going back to DSL or whatever ATT has.
Thank you to everyone who attended the Great Person's Ball Sunday.
DoDo you ever think about where u'll b n a year Who u'll be talkin to and what and who you'll be doing? #shitscrazy #justsaying»
Good to meet you! Thanks for the follow, hope youore having a great weekend!
I wish I had the power to ignore you the way you ignore me, the problem is i think about you too much.
Obesity on the rise… come run one of our 5 events - a distance for everyone!
And she's so much luckier to be named Azauria... *snicker*
What is the bbq, song?
Why is it that "to do" lists grow exponentially, like bacteria? I have yet to meet a "to do" list that didn't double itself within 2 hours.
Just landed back in vegas. Thank God for all you do n have done!
Be official. If you're open anyway, why not. It's so easy. At my lib, we had 2 people come every week.
My friend is new to twitter...please follow him lets show him some twitter love
Been a Packer Fan ALL my life, will save a spot just for you just in case !!!
Kyle who? RT : I was trying to root Kyle out of hiding.
let me know where your ready
I drink perrier
MT : Want to help others? big radiothon! Call 1-877-719-KIDS (5437). All money goes to help sick kids.
Now giving you BELLY REWARDS for pampering yourself!
ReadAloud at Thompson Library today, 3-4pm, room 202. Trifles from Tin Pan Alley. Sean Ferguson reads lyrics by Ira Gershwin, Cole Porter
I have a bad addiction to pizza
"There's a simple formula for success: refuse to accept failure." Damn... why didn't I think of that? So simple. So easy.
Please feel free to add any names from my list - we're in Brooklyn also, Brooklyn Heights, feel free to stop by!
I LOVE this story it's so adorable!!:) Can't wait for the next chapter!!:)
thanks for the RT! you rock!
"City Hall has decided that poverty must be punished with hunger." Burk
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.”
You know and everybody will be like... Why.. why you so different like why yo shit so different.. hah.. and I'm like why not.. "nigga".
Juggernaut will wave on a hoe with no doe in the club/shit u shouldn't be in the club if u ain't got a DUB
U don't like beating up on . He should be tossed out of the WH on his A$$ for turning USA into Nanny State. SAD 4 U!
We wish all #veterans a #HappyVeteransDay. Thank you for serving our country!
Talking to Courtney. Gosh i love this chick!:D
I was just waching some youtube vids of justine and jasmine omg!!!! Weres that old with his perfect hair and big heart!
Tried to go from the pool to the buffet and the Wynn security told me I gotta put my pants back on.
I have rounded up 6 cords and counting of free firewood from neighbors and trees on side of or blocking roads.
In in Chicago on the way to NYC - I've got a 3 hr layover and it looks like my next flight is delayed, what're you Chicagoans up to?
spring has the best weather
#MIS7557 Mashup #1 I would like: reply to my tweet with a relevant question answered on LinkedIn
Thank you to and hageman and Gail DeGagne for their support of Muffler Men!!!
can we get a reciever please?
Tryn to smoke a blizzzy drink 4-5 brews at the dockside and watch the #Celtics close it out
So..this is it?
how would beans feel about that
1:30 AM Spending time emailing with my young model friend from up north....I really need more guy friends...someday...lol...lol...
It's a waterproof/drop proof case for iPhones..... Hope this helps! have a great night!
yep, its there
looking forward to Il Barbiere di Siviglia tonight ! Good to be in NY....
What is going on Twitter today with the trending topics - did 4chan storm the site or what? PS: So sad about Steph Curry's ankle.
"Brenda, I love that you think" -Dylan McKay
What about Thursday night?
. Hey Scotty . You coming back to Mass again anytime soon ? I saw you at that Top Rope show . Great match !!
Really going to miss Easter...especially since that means no more creme eggs until 2013...😱
Thinking that I could use more fresh flowers around the house
"It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement."
This Thursday, AMST and GIGH present “Why the US Moved to the Right in the 1970s: A Conversation with Rick Perlstein” @ 2pm in ICC 662
At the #140Cuse Conference!
You guys are so creative! :)
Babe is not here yet but I'm killing this Ben & Jerry's!!
"You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down."— Ray Bradbury: American author - great quote 4 today esp.
thank you!
nope. I mite
Good morning loves!!!!!!
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it. Buddha
Thanks for the kind words!
