Be sure to welcome from DH team to twitter!
Only $45/ month when you sign up for 1 year!
what u want to bet?
no problem!(; Your Welcome
The Lorax!! Love! Favorite Dr. Seuss book :-)
of course the game isn't sold out, no one comes to watch the Pacers unless they play New York, Miami etc, no support!
out of any gal I ever had i gotts say. I fx with u the most. !!!! Just know that
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar books? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. $2.99 AmazonKindle. Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
I'm in the mood to watch movies! 🎬
Yah, tell me to die of AIDS when you're the one making out with random guys you just met.
Preventative Patrol, Routine Incident Response, Emer. Response, Crim. Investigation, Problem Solving, & Support Services
I saw (I think it was in a vignette for twitteR) that there are no built-in warnings when you exceed API limits..
RT : a week from now i'll be waking up in the big easy! hmm, cafe du monde or straight to bourbon st? (You have to come see us!)
has been twirling in the snow :)
Another feisty episode of Portland Sucks - today at 8AM Pacific - www.pdxsucks.com
I find backhanded tweets/facebook comments to be the most immature thing ever.
Haven't twit in a hot lil min. Sitting on the side of the pool in Vegas. Miss the West coast alil ;) Heat is playin no joke out here
Took my first shot at guacamole and I did pretty well.
2 interview melanie campbell on Tom Joyner in am about Susan Komen cancel grants 4 Planned Parenthood cancer screening
It's Friday. Start your weekend off right! Come by Shorty's for lunch. Specials start at $4.79!
Time to return home from parade and I REALLY miss my car right now.
#ASTD2011. M301 Plan for data collection early, before the intervention. Jack Phillips
... To do! I am so incredibly pissed right now. I wanna punch a wall.. better yet their faces!
re-reading this now makes me realize that
Wishing it was thunderstorming tonight.
Growing Local: Sheerlark Farm - She's Got Your Goat! - The Chattanoogan
THE MORE YOU JUSTIN FAMILY EVER IT TAKES A LIFETIME TO LOVE LOVE YOU
I'm looking extra cute for my BF today but I don't think I'll have enuff time to see him ☹ #FuckNATO I'm finna protest!
What's better than working in the garden this morning? The nap this afternoon :)
Moving to Lisbon, Portugal for 8 months in a bit (dissertation research). Any recommendations of things to do/eat/visit etc.?
Its really all i got in life haha!!
"Spanish Pantalones." Love this movie.
“No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind." - Taylor Swift
Exciting news! We will have Manning T-shirts starting next week in Orange and Navy. Sizes xlt thru 4 xlt, and 2x thru 6x.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-50
to your bio no that makes u fun
Memphis forces Gm7 on Sunday...Spurs will play Gm 1 on Tuesday
Hi! Thanks for the editing. Excited to see it. Small world!
ugh i know and december is not going to be pretty either, 2 games including the new Star Wars MMO...bye bye life.
nothing just listening to music
lol people think i'm cute.
Long Story Short Kisses!
Thank you! Feel free to bring them in to the showroom!
yep.. gotta have that special someone with u or else its just plain gloomy lol
what will happen to traditional retail? Wheaties FUEL® Honors 2011 Baseball Champion Albert Pujols MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wheatie
anxious ambivalence is an essential part of the experience
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo DM me back!
It's Andrew Bogut bobblehead night at the Bucks-OKC game tonight. Whoops.
I wonder what the folks at Flickr are working on these days?
Starting to think chivalry doesn't exist anymore
's brothe met today .. OKAY IM JEALOUS.
Obviously! Hey we still need to catch up sometime soon :) RT : 2012 will be great!
Compounds in green tea have been shown to help reduce inflammation in your joints.
I was at school all day, then went to work for the rest of the day. It sucked ass.
Lower back pain: lower back pain when twisting
May your blessings outnumber the shamrocks that grow, and trouble avoid you wherever you go. Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!!
Ok, fine, all you want is to be with him. But can you please scream about it in front of someone else's house? It's kinda late.
@ @ woah totes!! I have an order to place!
yeaahh thank god! :)
sarcasm, right?
Happy moments, praise God. Difficult moments, seek God. Painful moments, trust God. Every moment, thank God.
have you consider the impact #bbh1200 will have from stop 212 eastbound to harbor? You may also want to have a voice in this
raiders going to Superbowl baby :-)
Come on Rangers, score a goal. It's really fucking simple. Put the puck into the net and we'll go fucking mental! (tune: Yankee Doodle)
ITS FUN!
I wish I had my girlfriend back
I love pencil to paper, and my mac can never duplicate that feeling.
So wish I had a love life :/
Happy New year lady! 2012 is your year!
From Washington to New York to Japan #NBAlogowontdisapoint!!
Not yet on the market#SonyEricsson GreenHeart ismade w/ recycled biodegradable components
If the #Bulls don't win another game against Philly....It makes u wonder
Mike & Mike pushing 2 buck tee-shirts.
Omg it's so cute how Justin put his performance for Someday At Christmas in his album. His voice is just so soothing. Love u
Now that song will be stuck in my head ALL day. ;)
ohmygosh, that poem in your pocket! I'm carrying it, too, along w/WDMyers "Love That Boy"! xx
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken. ~Orson Rega Card
aight next time I will! Wasn't sure if it was u but now I know! See u got your lil poodle, Brook, on lock huh? Haha
Attitude is like driving a car; people notice when you swerve.
You're a jazz fusion shenanigan.
I didn't notice that until you mentioned it.
No Problemm. Xo.
Hows about No. 12 :) I'm intrigued. RT : Too high with the 7th.
Nationals scoreless in first 3 innings.
#fundraising+you know how to use #angellist they understand human psychology
Aaayyyeee grab the mix tape bro! $7 17 songs!!
#BREAKINGNEWS: There have been more than 30 white powder envelope scares across the Country so far this week alone. 6 in PDX.
Very interesting interactive map RT : Dadaab: city of refugees - interactive
According to the National Institutes of Health, up to 80% of the U.S.'s Hispanic population are lactose-intolerant.
is the stuff about his weight, strength, and speed
Hahahahahahahaha probably that was the funniest thing ever... Oh my ipod is in your car will you bring it tomorrow??
bc they accepted you!
About 24 firms white-label mobile apps by that let clients see their portfolio reports 24/7
Your social and personal life will be affected with all responsibilities and deadlines.
I can't even read the word without hearing that woman's voice
hardly sounds like a challenge anymore. Maybe they should call it "watch the big ten beat up on the acc for a week"
Was wondering why MSNBC was torturing us with whole Newt speech--realized their anchors had errands to run and dinners to eat.#blathering on
The line at the pharmacy counter at the Columbia heights metro never ceases to amaze me
“: I remember when the Pro Bowl games were actually good” I'm 31, and I don't. It's always been a wall thru (party) event...
ok after listening to a little more music, then to bed
There are no words to say how happy i am that has got his Skunk hair back :D
People say too much too soon...
Hope things get better for you soon.
Sweet! RT I am so excited! is amazing and taking me to meet Katy Perry tomorrow.
but idk what though :/
Thanks Liz for the Retweets!
Gonna watch netflix.... C:
THAT'S WORSE THAN HIM NOT RESPONDING :(
come on wednesday ready to sing :)
mono donde estas metido i miss you , i'm so not looking forwardto school sigh...
So, yeah, Qtips is an a-hole. Sadly, many of those he'll be endangering will still worry for his safety.
those look super neat!
Life is beautiful. And getting better by the minute.. So blessed Xo
while I'm monster drinking. Yea love that song.
Welcome back....Sorry the ADS will take care of biz on Fri in front of 17,000 FANS!
Life would be easier if you could mark people as spam...
don't be an asshole
What should i eat 4 lunch?!?
thats sounds good make me wanna go hit that starbucks
You writing an intro to Bob Moon's piece? RT Why do candidates "suspend" when they're dropping out? Is it about the money?
Crazy week ahead with and - gonna make some FIRE!!!
yes please!!!!:D
I'm Bored.
We need more journalists like you. Kudos 4 taking guest 2 task on "bombshell video." 2 often, no one calls them on the lies
#miobi #makeitorbreakit did they really just cut you??? No!!!
Moving. Moving. Moving. Moving. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Just keep thinking #biggerplace!!!
Do we ask of God all that we need, or just what we think He will give us?
Pudsey, the Britain's Got Talent winner, is now the second richest dog in England, after Harry Redknapp's dog Rosie.
When your singing in the shower & you wonder why you haven't recorded an album yet.
#iDiversity - using adaptive technology to translate formats from motion to sound.
lmao you're a jerk!
What time do you open tomorrow? We are looking forward to visiting and filling up.
Lifelong Wis. resident. Mayor Tom Barrett needs more than Obama. He's a weak candidate.
Im all ears....and fuck those people at dat strip club u need to go to Magic City or KOD lol
Hi Keli! Any chance of getting an original copy of the article from Jan 6th? Thanks!
is this real?
i know:(
in regards to his original post
I follow so many porn stars now because of you.
Nice! It'll be a good show!
Trying to make something from nothing! Follow me...
"into your arms" is always our jam
I'll keep an eye out for you at #ShelfLifeTwo!
Don't waste time concentrating on your fake friends, focus your energy on your real friends.
was it fun?
Dear high maintenance baby fussing in the jumperoo: who are you and what have you done with my son?!...
< are constantly influenced by other systems of oppression. Can't separate identities. So we can't separate oppressions.
oddly Twitter says you aren't following my accounts.
RG3:I plan to be successful
I'm glad you joined us :)
"Life is a saga" Vojtech Jasny (Czech filmmaker almost died 3x)
Form is key! If you are doing a workout or motion incorrectly, you can lose up to 35% of that workout's value, wow! Ask people for help!
Sam looks like he's getting a boner watching Mercedes... Just Saying.
In the morning, I'll be heading up the mountain for a writing marathon. I will be afk for 36 hours of clickety-clackety. Need anything?
To clarify: libraries can be good at hosting web content. Don't have the resources to run an e-journal independently.
PACKERS all the way!!!!
hope to see some new wares from yall soon. it's been a min
welcome nick perry
Just wanna go to Stratford, so bad
Have a buddy that has one ticket left in section 141. Ticket is $300.
I need to go to Madison this weekend. I think I'm in Mad Withdrawl
Lol im not at school .. Idk how you're gonna get it
ah bored! whuut to do todayy ;p
Covering up a WWE ad???? Smash is dead to me!
And thank you for the card!!!!
Thanks for sharing the Google Plus invite!
Wow... Great start to the final game of the MNSHL hockey tourney! Lots of hard hits. Go BSM!
My eyes burn!!
“: People who have no standards <” Derrty Mufuckazz would fuck a roach for a Slice of bread wit no crust
Dam it I got hacked sorry guys!
Overheard in the Praxis Fellows' lounge: "What if you had a kid with Hitler?"
I Gotta Pee Every 5 Minutes!
His smile, his laugh EVERYTHING Lol <333
here i did numba one ima do 3 right now :)
If I saw a woolly mammoth today I think I would have a better camera to capture the moment with. Give me back those 48 seconds.
You still down to chat? We need to catch up :]
Well, Italian, but still
Right back atcha! So cool to meet you in person. Would love to do it again sometime!
Just heard "She's an easy lover" by Phil Collins en route to a court hearing. I don't know if that's good or bad.
I can't help but be amused at all the cutesy dumb messages and posts you get, and all your posts are straight up business.
Looking forward to be working at marianos again this summer... NOT
Who buys toothpaste without the "plus whitening" or OJ without the "calcium added"? I mean, its just good sense.
thank you that means alot :)
kierra is that ms.arnold in the back
Treat your #mom to a relaxing, fun getaway with us on #MothersDay weekend! There's so much #shopping and dining to be done!
(technically theres only one king to guard, unless you are playing several games of chess with several people)
Good mornin' Twitter!
Brunch with 3 amazing ladies, great Mexican food, incredible mimosas + beautiful weather = perfect Saturday afternoon
I normally have to pay for that kind of service!)
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 28
im leavin now
haha not many people do. but its so good for you!
So close. Too much Smith.
Your professional clothing drive donations can be dropped off at tonight's Social & Cultural Committee mtg beginning at 7pm at GWUL.
Tina Brown says failure of Talk gave her connections that enabled later success of Daily Beast
Balboa island= heavenly ! I don't wanna go back to cold chitown tomorrow
Ability is what you’re capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. -Lou Holtz
It'll be a "Super Bowel Movement" if too many hot dogs, chicken wings & beer is consumed that day LOL
you'll rock it :).
haha im gonna keep it..
#InMiddleSchool Recess Used To Shake!
What a day. If they made Thundershirts (those sweaters that calm anxious dogs) 4ppl, I'd be wearing 1 right now. I need hugs & maybe a beer.
Bad ass #BoardwalkEmpire finale! Sad that one of my favorite characters is gone. (That's me not spoiling the ending for you!)
I think everybody ought to get rich and prominent and do everything they ever wanted so they can notice that it's not the reply.
What vet to you use?
oh babe
for sure. No worries. Will be back soon!
Filming Damian Chapa's "NIGHT BIRD" until 5PM & then Day 2 of shooting feature film "BROOKLYN BREACH" until midnight. Time well spent!!!
learn before you go!
i want some chicken n waffles an some kool aid:)
Have a great 4th of July!
I love what?!
I'm so confused as a baby in a top less bar!! Brahaha
Wishing the #archivist and #librarian community had a resource like
I had to reread that bout 8x I see why you cant get your own crib you probably cant spell you name a application
Makin' it halfway through the week.
is sitting in a swanky house in swanky beverly hills. that's where i want to be!
COME TO NEBRASKA!!! PLEASE.
tht phone call was pointless -___-
What to do w/ old PNLA badge ribbon, service certificate for WA Gov's conf on libs, membership cards for WLA, SLA? Toss I guess :(
Headed in to DC to volunteer for at the Science & Engineering Fest!
As one door closes, another always opens.
Anyone still need/want G+ invites?
Congrats on the FGOTW feature!! Go girl! You look amazing!
You go, girl
I think being GRAND is what I do best!
where can i get some jerk energy soda?!
OK, can someone tell me how to make it so that random "friends" on FB can't just add me to their frivolous groups and events?!
no, I'm coming back in a couple of days. Don't want too though :(
I did so many times on the number you texted me on vacation
Take a look at the crowd and hype surrounding LSU-Alabama and you see why the S.E.C. Is so dominant. Players want the highest level-its here
Use Akismet, it's awesome for fighting spam
thanks for confirming, you are most welcome.
Willow Smith Is Gona Be THAT Girl Within The Next Few Years
so austin is maybe going to london or berlin but why not Paris ? :(
For mothers day i got my mom a card that said grandma, ON ACCIDENT, she freaked.
After 2 days @ Washington DC @ Freddie Mac/ Multifamily Conf. Freddie's multifamily lending platform robust. Future looks promising @ conf.
please follow me <3 <3i love you Giuliana you are fantastic please follow me
thats what happens in May
sounds sucky, what did you watch that made you worse?
I'm coming into b dubs this week! U workin?
4 straight hits for the Giants and still nobody out.
"Facebook is fuckin up the planet." - Shakespeare
I loved all the questions. Ya'll are smart cookies.
ys " Someone take me to bahama bucks! And i'll love
I toast my colleague and friend, Walt Bodine. 72 years as a broadcaster. Secret? Loyalty. Constant loyalty to the audience.
Omw home Finna take a shower wash my hair then relax.
Work and then Razoos with my girls and then movie with my hubby! It's gonna be a great day.
that sauce was damn decent.
How can they possibly have not yet learned that their modifications never ever work???
Thanks Julian, but the only thing I (w)rap are presents. “: >>> >>> 2 Live >>> Hoopla Gang”
Saz's State House Steak of the week is an absolutely nutty 20 oz. Prime Porterhouse! That's right...20 OUNCES!!
Hi Laine! Support our organic salon in Fresno by giving us a shoutout or enjoy our organic salon services at Thread&Sugar:)
Shoot. Someone call Dan Bane and tell him Fresh & Easy opened a store right across the street. He can't ignore that, right?
#NWLC11 If you don't get a balanced diet in the Word, you starve. (Buddy Owens)
No worries Devin. Good to see you back out on the scene again man. Too funny to not do it!
You mean murder threats shouldn't be taken seriously?
dinner with a schmuck.
pretty good just working & trying to find a job in Journalism. That's cool your graduating soon. We should grab a beer sometime.
What do I do with a boy like you? :/
just won a free case of Hop On Top! Congrats! DM for info where to pick it up!
one more cover idea..."Miss You" by the Stones and it's sweet bass line
Chilling down south Florida! Bout to hoop a lil..holla
Why is it that my dog gets pissed off when I blow in his face but when I put him in the car he sticks his head out the window?
I hate when I have to confirm my email to sign up for something t-.-t
LOVE it! , ROCK & ROLL! Tonight 8PM Tix $15 available at the door.
no worries-I do! LOL
great phone convo with today. very encouraging!
SAT today and I have the worst cold of my life.
tired of twitter, tweeting and everybody on here. and it just happened and suddenly
make your profile private, you have to do it from a computer though
Just had a little black girl ask me where her mom was
Happy birthday to the AMAZING Janet Jackson, she turns 46 today!!
don't even THINK about tweeting me, again. fuck you. leave me alone. leave me alone. leave me alone.
Celebrity Cruises Holiday Savings Event! Book by Friday for low holiday cruise prices & ship board credits! Call our experts 800-803-7245!
my feet hurt so bad its ridiculous i might hafta go in a wheel chair..totally #worthittho ;)
Social networking made for achieving goals! www.iaminc.biz
come over. :)
Failure is not embarrassing. In fact it inspires renewed determination and vigor.
But then again, so did the Voodoo Glow Skulls...
Very happy my wife likes #topgear!
Just saw a cop driving in my neighborhood
Welcoming timeline to the official profile. We'll see how it goes...
Ting Yang Twins!!!!!
I'm better than you think I am.
Today seems like one of those days were everything is complicated. Although the positive is that I think I did well on my math test!
Only laker playing with a pulse tonight is the best player in the game
my pleasure! Hope your Saturday is off to a great start!
with ur looks ur amazing voice sent down from heaven you'll make it further then you ever thought keep it up <3 you!!!!!
LOL right now I just got home from walking 4 miles al day. SHOPPING. And the movie um and the cop place.
I'm sitting here trying to craft one in my head - so hard! Such clever people, they're cracking me up too!
woww, I can't believe! Do u remember me? I don't think so.. when I met u and u had 1K or 2K of followers. I'm happy for u :)
I'm glad! The next one is a bit of a slow read, just so you're not taken unawares, research the narrative construction.
what I precious baby!
how i determine whether an paper/book is good or not: if it reads well in John Green's voice, it works for me.
I wont happen because congress wont pass anything that hurts their employers - the oil companies, not until money is taken out of politics
and you know it!!
follow me please<3
yeah me 2 but i dont want to do a old song
Maybe I'm too much for my own good...
Soo...Selena and Justin broke up? Someone fill me in!
Thank you for that fun contest and also for those coming Cutey bracelets. :)
building for #mobile 1st, Web 2nd; is a smart way to plan for the future Instagram Deal - Move Toward Cellphone From PC...
Ha! Q: Fave Shakespeare A: The Tempest. I like that shrimp, Calabash. j/k Seriously: Antony and Clawopatra. No, really: Coriolanus
Xbox 360 or ps3?
Staying up talking to him is worth it
Customer, grasping antique looking, but actually not, library table: Wow, I love this table. Is it for sale? Me: No.
Well, if the won't invest, why don't you offer them positions where they're paid in equity, rather than money?
I was right! He's pulling up to my house now! Welcome, Oberweis!
Thanks, everyone, for a great day of Bootcamps and conversations. See you all at 8am tomorrow morning for session voting! (It's fun!)
jeff don't pit like i pit. I bring the rage of 2 ethnicity's.
looking for a Financial Analyst - NYC
Haha, you sound just like right now! Oh wait, that's her everyday.
Hanging out at 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!
*pokes head into kitchen*
Why are we pumped for the 2012 season to get started? Because it is that much closer to 2013!
What many r missing is most of these guys aren't learning personal finance in the NBA, they're blowing their money & broke.
yeah surf you're the G.O.A.T you should retire like Mook and ask for 25k.
That awkward moment when I drunk text saying Happy birthday, then when she tells me it's not her birthday I reply "yes it is."
Now why you gon do that.? Let YOUR insecurities ruin a perfect thing.
Better behave, or I'll have to hold you down and give you what you deserve.
: SFilming Rock House Keyboard Course book with Sal Grillo local CT keyboard legend
I wish the Pacers had as good of fans as the Thunder do!
But we miss you in Cleveland!
lmao really your gonna say 3 tits ??? O.o im very confused xD
it's time!
You got it right Coach! That's more than the majority of people will do. We are programmed to turn away from God, not toward Him!
spent my weekend in westchester with regina, we got some awesome creative furniture for our new apartment!
I support #anonymous because the vigilante aspect is captivating.
75 million Twitter users as of the end of January.
Having coffee at 10:30 at night? Yep! :)
or judge apatow...
Welcome! Make sure you swing by the Weiner's Circle after a Cubs win :)
Smashed: an alcoholic love story that somehow manages to be really funny, & not melodramatic. AA put in the language of the Gen Yers.
Appreciate beauty.
Your Inception talk forced me to tune to Joe Rose. You should apologize for that as well...
Ah the dryer trick. Forgot about that.
been getting feedback that the squirrel being clickable in Proximity was maybe too subtle. Did you notice? :)
LHP Robbie Ray starts game two wedn afternoon at Salem; 1st road start of season
Be the change you want to see in the world.
I've tested out a few alpha apps already - I'd love to help out! Let me know how I can be of assistance.
at the Lit Managers convening. Lit Managers having office hours once a month. Open to anyone to start conversation. 2/2
Oh, I'm so sorry for you
Every once in a while I go to the drives and delete images now lost in time....
you know it!
Schneble uses affirmative private messages to inform students about their strengths in the course - helps them gain confidence.
Happy Monday and Martin Luther King Jr. Day! Just wanted to say thanks for your support so far! We all appreciate it.
shit I might as well wit the way these customers be actin
Id rather live in GOD's arms... Have a good day! =) RT : Die in a burning bus
Art night is going on now. Bring a craft/art project and work on it here. Creating in a collective environment is always fun!
do you ever follow any fans or do you just keep it friends to keep down the asking and begging?
Thanks, it means a lot<3 We'll try to make it over there as soon as we can.
Lover.ly Makes Wedding Planning Simple
I can appreciate a tasteful nude. I can appreciate other types of nudes too.
come here kitty kitty kitty :)
So I deleted one of my MySpace profiles! You proud?
Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded.-John McCain
I highly doubt we will have mass in the auditorium next week
Hey I heard congratulations are in order for you. Way to go. So excited for your new adventure.
I follow the next 10 who follows !!!
Happy Friday the 13th!
has been such an inspiration to my writing lately. Thank you!
InCommon and PESC announce a pilot project, AdmitMe, to demo the advantages of federated identity mgmt to streamline the admissions process
If your dying 7 year old wants to trend on twitter his last day on earth you have utterly failed as a parent and human being.
Good morning folks!
ah you poor dear
Happy mifflin folks. Ill be at work if you need me....
Mark my words: will outlast them all.
i love not having class!.. i know how that feels haha
I won't be able to get enough of you after an eternity baby <3
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
Happy Belated Birthday
No kidding, the Leafs are going to really turn some heads next September.
nope. Nobody wanted to hangout with DJ for awhile. Tonight I'm headed out with Picard!!
Running in 80 degree weather! Kudos to the #bostonmarathon runners.
Happy Birthday to the Beautiful, sweet ! Love u Friend! Hope to see u soon X
Basketball practice tomorrow morning for a little bit then going to head out to the beach for couple hours with bro !
#ICantLiveWithout My music/iPod.
this made me laugh out loud. thank you.
yeah I thought about that challenge but I don't want to die from it
We are so glad we had the opportunity to showcase Eva's great work. An amazing woman!
i'm not liking trackD: only because i'm forced to do distance
As Woody Guthrie said, "some will rob you with a six-gun, some with a fountain pen". Pirate!
got them. -.- u need to stop with the old ppl
happy birthday Buck! We're sure you will have many many more!
thought you did?
Seriously had 2 DM 2 C what the hell he was talking about! Bahahah! So funny!
thank u
No problem w/ looking at it, just don't confuse its importance. It's fine to have Klout...it's another thing to BELIEVE in Klout.
Re/Your local bookstore: Good to hear, but I don't think we can use Vermont as a bellwether for any general U.S. trends :)
Thx for the #ff, great to see you on twitter again :-)
I just want my diploma already.
Got the night off! Chillin with my daughter and niece!
Me too!
WTF!!! Rebecca Black would never beat im sorry rebecca but justin bieber is the #1 best teen singer in da world but nice try
My mom just forced me to cancel my order of edible arrangements because she doesn't want fruits .... It's my gift to you so shut up 
i hate fucking waiting, shit blows
Hey pigeons the rock and Cena going lose tonight
In NYC?? That's surprising.
Phillip Phillips, I bet you're a real catch. Will you let me reel you in? You don't want to win American Idol anyway right?
me too...there is none here :(
you're so sweet & thoughtful <3 :)
note to self: when you use candy for markers in BINGO, the kids will be happy about the program ending
Lol!! RT : #TodayInTwitter close to home; has fun; watches it unfold; annoyed
hey, only being completely honest! :-)
got it thanks!
I'm facetiming you tomorrow in class #JustBecause lmfaooo i missed my phone
Watching Gordon Ramsey's great escape on #Netflix right now. It is awesome.
Unreal RT Worked in MiLB for a year, the number of people that assume there's a peanut-free zone in ballparks is laughable.
been listening to Second & Sebring all morning & just wanted you to know that i'm sure your mom is so proud of you (:
Woahh bipolar weather up in huuur..it was fricken hott today, tomorrow it will be cold. Sick
I want to do the Trans Siberian again from West to East
Walking away from what I want and waiting for what I deserve
whoa! Had no idea that was you Margaret---awesome!
Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly. -Shaquille O'Neal
Music is the art of thinking with sounds
unlike Coachella which is absentmindedly retro, it seems 90s+ indie will throwing a multi-city festival this year!
I'm pretty fortunate. The theater I'm going to tonight has assigned seats that the ticket buyers get to choose.
I'm coaching a girl for a State Teen USA prelim. Any last minute advice in 140 characters or less?!? ;)
Didn't see the game, but it does happen quite a bit in a lot of games for sure
25 days until Christmas and 32 days until 2012.
thanks Kevin!!
I feel so awesome ;) 69 followers...Jamino. ;)
U need Colt Mcoy on ya squad RT Steelers are monster!
#mpmf - Greg from Deerhoof will be a special guest with tonight at 9 PM Cincinnati Club Room!
FACT: listening to men at work makes working on saturday better. Seriously, throw their song overkill on repeat. I miss nostalgia.
where do you guys think the future of the NFL is going? I hope nowhere....
Jeanne love to hear about any examples of iPads in the corp classroom. Looking to pilot at SBDU
Social media boot camp
I've got too much shit going on.
ROOOOAAAAARRRRRR!!!!! Merry christmas....
Eugene folks – look for our bike cart at Eugene Sunday Streets today and grab a sample or a full growler of Oregon's tastiest kombucha!
Went to the Blackhawks Flames playoff game tonight. Went to overtime and Hawkls scored 12 second into OT. Blue Jackets lost to the Wings.
Send birthday wishes to #birthday Please retweet
Sitting for over an hour on a Delta plane- waiting to take off.They closed the doors and decided we still weren't ready to take off.
I love the female form....;)
9pm sharp! Looking for to catching you.
What are you looking for in an interviewee?
Big Marketing Day for Losing Ground tomorrow! Catch us in Time Square, Central Park, and Penn Station! Launch in 4 days!!!
Cooler Than Me- Mike Posner
I Feel Like Crying, Screaming, Yelling, Curse Somebody Out And Hitting A Bitch In The Face!
Allegheny Technologies Announces Webcast of Conference Call for First Quarter 2012 Results
you don't "get" to do comedy. It's a mad skill!
Yeah haha it's good
Got my popcorn out for 's story.
Good morning! The House is back in session. Trying to psych myself up for it!
where is it?
Jimena's 9th Birthday is tomorrow :) Lots to do tonight! So EXCITING!
hey I still dont have my phone so just letting you know I wont be at practice tomorrow..
I have WAY too many calendars going right now. Phone, outlook for work, purse sized and family calendar. Anybody got a better system?
DC artists have been neglected: vast majority of funds go to national programs. Today, the City Council showed it values local community.
#makemusic be about something
Mr.D's Painting.Call us for a free estimate.We pride ourselves in the work we do.And we "love to paint" 619-562-5848 or www.mrdspainting.com
- lot of zorinsky running. But, with marathon training I get bored - gotta 16 to do this wkend probably on keystone
lmao , thank you (:
Thanks for the follow.
well thanks man...NOW SHE WILL KNOW THE NEXT TIME SHE LOGS ON!
oh, do keep calling me that, please haha
have a great week in Sarasota!
thats what im talkin about...call corb...im in the building..
"...if our history has taught us anything, it has taught us to beware of elites bearing racial theories." Justice Clarence Thomas
Carla Chambers, defendant in #surrogacy scheme, gets 12 month sentence: 5 months custody and 7 months home confinement.
So I'm in Fresno, CA 1.5-2 hrs from Yosemite Park, I could only go tomorrow. Wake up at 4am get there by 6.30-7am-spend 2 hrs in the park
Do you shop for your man? Scott thinks it's cool Moose says he would NEVER let a woman pick out his clothes 222-9800
Thomas I missed you!!!
It takes little effort to make a girl smile and just feel appreciated, so take time to just do something nice and watch the nagging stop!
Good morning by the way
Love this. RT If you spend your life making excuses and telling sob stories, you get bogged down in negativism - Junior Seau
come to rochester new york(:
Researches say that the pill, bras and washing machines are the top 3 inventions that have changed women's lives. Washing machines? Pssh.
Just put some miles on woodway and pumped out some weights place is great!
Determined to get a cat in the future
Well I'm the Mary!
Sup all A's
keep voting #FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA they deserved it for all there hard work n cuz there awesome ?
Glad I'm off tomaro...tryna just str8 chill at the house
Finally got Twitter and Facebook hooked up again. I can resume the posting.
Stranger opened the door for me at work, said: "Every day is Be Nice to Someone Day."
what do you want? Shirt? CD? Poster??
mine went fine. Glad its over. Heard good things about your presentation and mindjet. Looking forward to seeing it online!
Where is ?
Sorry I missed this tweet yesterday, but how was your burger? Have you tried our new jalapeno jam option?
Homie I'm 25, not 21 ..But ok, cool
MY HEAD IS BANGIN
You and me
is it anywhere as good as MIchael Jackson's "Girlfriend"?
#YouKnowYoureFromUtahWhen your friend says “The zumba class is in the gym,” and you say, “Oh, it's in the cultural hall?” LOL
yes for me and Colby!!! #highrollin'
& are hanging out with Jimmy the Groundhog in Sun Prairie this am! Tune in to - Jimmy's a cutie!
I now understand the no pepper sign in Major League.
Yes please, O Lord // RT : We always end up regretting what we say in prideful anger. "Set a guard over my mouth,O Lord" Ps.141:3
RT if you need followers Thanks Also This site on Staining Concrete Floor
But you already know BULLS all day everyday
HA i knew it, the power just went off and on
AL I FUCKING DO IS WIN!! sorry Jesus for the language! Forgive me!
it's to cold out.
finally! and aw but he still texts doesn't he? lol missed you here! ;(
Sitting bAck listening to me ,Karl and Linda song please by toni braxton we was gone off this song yes sir fall back and breathe !
Sick. at home. hate it!
Straight up tell me , are you really gunna love me forever . ♥
Something just hit me. What am I supposed to do with my life when there will no longer be shows to attend w/ ?
MAE MAE <333
To be honest, can you really call anyone in the Black Eyed Peas "important"?
Currently re-airing the livestream from from 02/12/11. Check it out! Http://massiverocketradio.com
hahahah u too much Eddy
J-School is a great background for EDU communications. Only prob comes if they forget which side the bread is buttered ;)
I love this title: "Quiet: The Power of Introverts"
thank you sir!
hope it's late nov! I won't be there till at least the middle of the month at the earliest!
Aw Thank you so much!
#OneThingIDontLike twitter glitches
this weekend? ;D
My Religion is simple: My Religion is kindness. Dalai Lama
nigga you retarded
Too far , in my condition lol
that is correct B-)
Blowing air into the caprisun to get more juice lol
i just deactivated it you can try now and let me know if it works
Fav quote from #sla2010: "Some use information like a drunk uses a lamppost—for validation and support, not illumination.” James Carville
I can do this FUCK THE WORLD N EVERYONE IN IT :(
yeah can we? g2g
Pat Riley would do some shit like that too
You're welcome, and thanks!
Another sunday, hope all my followers are cool and you all have a great relaxing day
Like, why didn't they do that the first time?
im trying to do the online thing
It's hard to imagine #Apple without #SteveJobs at the helm. He's made an amazing contribution to technology.
What's your 1st stop today at Day 1 of ISE SLC? Share your experiences and photos on FB or tweet us using the hashtag #SportsExposSLC!
JG aged so much in the last 2 yrs. Had just turned 47 but looked 77. Tracie Bennett's good in #EndOfTheRainbow?
Lol mama enjoy
I've got a lot of feelers out. We'll see what happens.
We first met f2f at NECC in San Antonio. Guess where ISTE is next year!
no its not ppl is just lost n wrong life was supposed to be greater then this bt we can live rt lol.
Fun facts for your BBQ conversation: Button Gwinnett was the 2nd signer of the Declaration of Independence and he died in a duel.
Bout to go to 5th period
oh yes were crushing brew ha's brew ha's brew ha's
RT: is wanting me to recap her alcohol suppressed memories when I wasn't even there. I'm not a fucking miracle worker.
It's in-friggin-tense on #meetthepress this morning.
This poor old lady. She has so much make up on, she looks like a clown
it's TUESDAY! two new tracks from '...I Spent All My Money on Speed Metal'
Happy Beautiful Saturday!
Visited friends' new home in beautiful Woodacre, Marin (nr Fairfax), hiked massive protected open space across road: hills-sky-birds-breath.
Nootropics by Lower Dens - I Rock Cleveland | Indie Rock, College ...
With my Cousin!;<3![:
can you tag photos on twitter? (I feel dumb lol)
Rainy lazy Sunday I love it.
Happy Monday from the Garb Gang!!
RT " Paris is always a good idea " -- Audrey Hepburn
No one wake me up!!!! Need to sleep then working out like an animal tmm
My grandmother is a damn comedian...lmao up in here!
I can't find lyrics for Is That Clear. I'm now convinced he sings "I'm gettin' paid yeah & give me a PAP!"(as in pap test)
The Berghoff, which boasts the oldest liquor license in #Chicago, is now featured on the domu Chicago History Map!
You can't pick and choose which of God's rules you want to follow based on your political views. That's called hypocrisy.
El Dorado Furniture plans first store on Florida's Gulf Coast
I HAD TO GET MY BIG BRO BACK CTFU
has to get goin' to work, so everybody quit distractin' my ADD ass!!! LOL 0:-)
Or maybe I just can't reply. I don't know what's up.
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God
Actually, I gave up on the Republicans, when I saw that they were stuck on the past and couldn't adapt
good! And Sweet, that sucker is SO machine washable (and dry-able) that you should just throw it on now - just no chlorine! :)
{Sings at top of lungs} Nevermind I'll find someone like yoooooouu....
yes. East Loop gang. Summer is the best.
Kms because tired.
Hey thanks for saving my dads life today
I figured as much, that's why I already have an excuse :P
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire and we can burn brighter than the sun <3
Pink is not just a color its an attitude!
Have to figure out what books to download for my California trip next week. Plane read suggestions? Something light and escape-ish :)
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it is certain that there are vastly more approaches of being dead, or instead not alive.
It would appear Marchand's playoff beastliness wasn't a fluke... kid can flat out play.
anyone know the best place to report a facebook bug? found a bug in their iOS app on iPhone
That was a good post. I often wonder about protecting my son from disappointment/hurt and how that will impact him later. Thx
question of the night "can you chainsaw inside?"
Tonight at The Gramercy is playing with and
an old Richard Dreyfus
. 's drummer looks like From "Chuck." So you see, it comes full circle.
- I was so angry w/ them when they let Harry Smith & Dave Price go, for last year's fiasco - but this year CBS is really good
What up GSTEEEEEEEEZERS
I'm sorry but I go to take a shower :/ So I think you're gonna sleep.. But we can speak tomorrow?????? :D
I will be at the Locker Room tonight from 9-1 with Madtown Sound for a Karaoke show. Come on down!!
Check your credit at least once a year -- every six months, if possible.Never use your personal identification number, or PIN, in public.
sometimes, i blame my daddy for the way we turned out.
i hope my friend doesn't forget to give me her CURLING WAND
don't say that. You have to try harder. Music industry is difficult. Your day will come. Hangin w/the wrong people.
What a beautiful day to be in #SanDiego! RT Enjoying the IBEW Broadcasting & Telecomm Conf @ beautiful Hyatt Regency Mission Bay!
yo im fuckin mad my phone is off and my mother cant pay it until tommarow im going to die without my phone
Screw the peanuts and cracker jacks...buy me a beer!
Ah yes, Unicorn, I wondered what that sharp thing was that kept poking me....
RT : One of the #OldWhiteDudes is whistling in his cubicle. I wish I had a rocket launcher. I wish I had one right now.
Its gonna rain on us :)
Hopefully I get to see the 4th quarter.
Talk about greedy, I'd settle for 80. So whats next 80000 FB friends. Well these days its possible as one can buy em.
thx, been looking forward to it for months, love that town
oh my goodness! Yes!
Jersey Friday! MURFC Faithful, look forward to seeing ruggers walking to and from #KingField in any and all sorts of sports jerseys(andjrtz)
Feeling panicky while scrambling to write two papers due very soon--The Long Goodbye is the perfect soundtrack to destress.
hey, I love you *blush blush*♥
booth looks great
Well. I will be at SMC tonight. You going?
So tired and sleepy! Heading home..
What you doing put here?RT Exit 44 Lithia Springs!!! Hey Goodmorning!!
Merde to my friends Florian and Valerie on their MFA concerts tonight! C u there
Hey thanks for the re-tweets! You Rock!
:( I'm looking bout sad as hell now. Lol
I can't believe that its barly TUESDAY I wish I got out of school more earlier ....but no I have to wait til May 24,2012 ...only 7 more days
Had a ball wit my husband and day fam last night!
Did you get those pants on sale ? Cause they're 100% off at my place ;D
YOUNG MONEY!! RT
I feel like I just got out of a European rave! And it was AWESOME!
Done and done.
Who's poised to win on your #MarchMadness bracket?
Soon. KJS and I were just talking about it. Will be in touch.
Highly, highly recommend Abaco, Bahamas for a lovely getaway. Can't get over how beautiful and unspoiled it is.
Getting ready to see Rude Mechs' The Method Gun tonight -- !
:-( Well, at least you're still moving forward. That's the strongest thing we can do when facing challenges.
Oh well, didn't see my tweets, but I will still help him trend! He is amazing!!!
Guess I'm just too old school and also stayed in Belgium too long, loved getting tangled up in all that hair.
: If your first initial is the letter 'D', You have the shortest life expectancy.
Right. Write... working. It's working right? Right.
Any resources for writing "something of consequence" in radio ads?
YouTube is now the 2nd largest search engine in the US behind only goggle. But it only manages 25% of the videos watched.
Plane ticket to #ala12 booked.
-__-+- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
ok I can't be the only one with a dirty mind?! That word is sexual.
Q4 Always looked at opps to improve skill sets as a perk - Such as presentation skills, proposal development, etc.
A smithicks, a harp, now a guiness black- good start to the day!
so did I make the list.
hahahahaha oh there will be plenty of talk left for Tuesday. Or come to Jess's now too!!
It's good! Cold right now. How have you been?
yeah you right.
I'm mortified!!! Lmbo!!
Today is the perfect day to sit outside and read a great book! As a child, what was your favorite book?
Hiccups. Nice.
She-Ra on Netflix means me taking a long break from working on my songs ;-)
Aight meet u there at 915
OH: "Don't hate on us married men - we make the best boyfriends."
Austin's going to start traveling all over the world for concerts. And you said he couldn't make it, look at him now.
Got my blu-ray of Underwear Awakening today!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning *What made me do this*
Snuggled up in book order, reading Library Journal and buying books. It's like getting to give presents to 325,000 people every day. FTW!
We've got Buy2,Get1FREE on hundreds of items from Matrix, Sebastian, Wella, TIGI, Nioxin, and others! But, it won't last long!
We are currently in the planning stages of this event, please keep us in your prayers. Thank You
Thanks 4 your support this week!
48 hours with out a phone this is probly hard for you
“: shoot me an email lets work”
which type?
kicking ass and taking names (:
Call your imagination into being.
great tweet Richie Righteous! Man, I wish I was more like you :)
Did you have Wisconsin losing today?
hahahaha I can so imagine that
Ok I was told you was the best lol “ O r u now??? Well got chu lol”
for 9 yrs no matter wat.
hope you made it back to NYC safely! Great hanging with you at
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy. Showers with a chance of thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of showers...
“: You don't bring me dead flowers anymore.”
My fingers are too fat for this keyboard -_-
get it in
I still say that was a mean thing to call
sweet dream 4real
i think i promised you that too! Dont worry! We wont!! We have too many new songs that we are in love with ;)
I wanna wash skyscraper windows in NYC - said by no one ever
lol nah he a little coward and doesn't know how to act.
so so so so inappropriate in so many ways
Last sports tweet before Mavs/Heat: Canucks owner has church rally in his arena. everyone prays for Sedin's head.
that's what I hear, work with what you have, fake it till you make it
Yo Fang! dinner needs to be more exciting or send a discretion if you are tweeting about it. :). Much love!
thanks Kevin! check out some other songs of ours at facebook.com/theshakeband. we're releasing a couple newbies in a few weeks too
#OneThingImSureOf...You're everything I want
nice seeing you from a far at leasat. Hopefully next time I won't be in such a hurry.
Back from Long Island. :D Did a lotta cleaning. time to do last minute hw cuz school starts wednesday :(
"Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises."
Just had my weekly mid-life crisis.
omfb , i love your tweets . please follow me back ? :)
Pleasantly surprised to see A Trip Down Market Street in the Stein exhibit at Restoration/preservation by
Andy. You better not be lying. Please do it later so the people at school can watch!
Yeah move on.. It's written all over your face!!
Oh, Eli Manning... Really? Go home, little boy.
Yes. :) Let me see if I still have your number... Is it the same?
Hey Joey thank you so much for the follow!xD -Ashley:)
DM back! :D
Another spammer just unfollowed.
Saw Something Corporate in '04 & it was epic. Off to have epic deja vu w/
Your gonna have 1,000 fans by the end of this day ... I betcha! ;]
Celebrating the centennial of #GirlScouts by eating some delicious Girl Scout cookies.
Waking up at 5am should be illegal.
What is the timeframe you are looking to have final files in hand for brochure, web production, etc?
why are you following people?
Super Bowl Prediction: NY Giants 34 - New England Patriots 21
The 311 show rocked faces last night - now it's our turn _ TONIGHT! @ the VOUS! Dsoedean! see you there.
You mad? STAY MAD? ;)
well shit girl you know that I can't go single! An I don't think it would be too much for #Cous lol I'd chill like Pauly D!
new website idea: the x factor where contestants sing in the nude......and then they hump
Apparently u can get a life changing snow cone for a $1 from some random UC students. Ha so stupid........... I think I need one
Forever Alone
thanks bro
cool. If y'all can rock with it cool but if not I got more
such a wonderful idea! Thanks so much for including me:-) xo
Glad you will be joining my #CMLbookchat tonight at 7PM EST. Get ready to get your scare on. It's all about chills and thrills.
thanks so much for listening!
I can't imagine losing my mom so my prayers go out to Bobby Christina cause I can only imagine what it's like when ur mom is Whitney Houston
Call me, come on I am waiting.
Today is the day would never notice me like all the other days :(
Great job Knicks! They avoid the sweep!
is my best friend because he gave me 32 cents.
slutty and crazy. worst combo ever.
So wasup y'all? Any one going to watch Project X tonight?
Happy 10th birthday, !
happy b-day isabelle! you rock and please follow me back. =)
like that K.R.I.T. mixtape u put out...track 2 JAMMIN!!!
Going on in 5.
Fireworks were kindaa amazing, all in amazing company <3
Thanks Jodi! Trying to do things a bit differently...
hope to see you soon chris, love you<3
One thing that has taught me this week - When it comes to our Bears, the orange C always comes first.
And I am telling you that I'm not going, you're the best friend I'll ever know, and there's no way I could ever go.
One hell of a race guys
Thank God for a new day!!
"THIS IS NOT A DRESS REHEARSAL! This is IT!" ~TCunningham So let's join hands, seize the day with a smile and genuine heart to do good.
Smart phones are hand held computers that can also make phone calls.
HA! you are full of good ideas!
i hope PMP aggregates a nice open dataset that can be exposed through existing tools (atom? linked data? ) so all can play
Everyone who follows after this tweet will get a follow back! Follow each other to gain more!
new chapter:) hahaha
Recipe development starts now.
hey girl!! How's the scene your way?
europedotcoop, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Friday is gonna be dope.
Things getting back to normal somewhat after Alex braking his leg on Thurs. learning to crawl in cast.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. ~ Henry Ford
You guys are awesome! :)
hi bella!
Even though you aren't in Baltimore anymore, will you miss the Ravens/Steelers games?
OMG I thought for sure you we weren't going to find that funny n curse me out. Lol. Can I get a follow n a s/o?
I think they put out these reports to discourage visitors but anyone who can walk down can see beach is open and in use.
Links about the #occupy movement. Is your article there?
We here at #MtIda think the Madagascar penguins were inspired by the #marypoppins penguins.
i agree w/this
After a long night of rock and roll i like to shorten my lifespan by consuming george webb. Am i alone in this pursuit?
no worries! I've been lagging too! You know what, I'm really liking it! Watch it next time!
What torn ligament? Kobe has scores 40 once again
im sure u do love him lol Faye is my second favorite. She's beautiful and funny too lol :D
Personal confession: I both envy and pity a person who can believe in a God outside of themselves. Guess that's my cross to bear!
Thank you! Thank you!
Looks like there could have been some hacking on the food dude twitter, if I find the culprits you can guarantee they will get many lashes!
pizza hut b hitting
Life is SO much better when you stop caring what people think about you . ^,^
Indoor farm is alive and well. Cant wait for the first mature heads of baseball size butter head lettuce. Watch our facebook. Two weeks+
I wish I was Annabeth! Her eyes are like so pretty.
I'm about to get some gummy bears,
No tellin with Skip. That's something I want to ask him one day.
: oh wait. after reading your heartfelt comment, my comment about turtle soup seems insensitive.
How was ur trip!? :)
English teacher talks of how flannels arnt sexy ha
Defense out of position on 3rd down. WR drop the ball, TO in redone this is the bullshit.
I can't flip my hair anymore :(
I get it how i live it. Fast life
If loving #5Guys is wrong, I don't wanna be right. Thx Nick's Dad's gf!
They also went to visit the University of Chicago this afternoon #239DaysLive [2/2]
Haven't watched either play much, but savvier Laker fans than I are stoked about the potential of Beasley & Sessions, so thumbs up, Mitch.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ~ William James
At the south campus diner this guy playing the sax goes ham
Rain is finally moving in.. will let you know if it's going to be a rough morning commute.. Microclimate Forecast on
For a sublime Saturday, join on 2/11 for their #Valentine's and "R" Rose Release Party. We're Ready! (503) 864-4600
this wasn't on Twitter, it was at home. I was close to being condemed no social life at all.
Anyone else wonder why your phone seems to ring longer than usual when you are ignoring it??
Memories are the most beautiful pictures our minds can paint, and nothing can ever erase them.
MT Kevin Costner's speech was not only..for Whitney but a testimony of a man who had the courage to stand against biased Hollywood
My observations of Ryan Braun have nothing to do with his current struggles at the plate. Just making a physical observation.
can we get updated draft lists online anytime soon? Thx
Yep Gallery injured leg then held next play negating a first down then whiffs the DE play after that
dont know either that well to have true fave, but after watching Barcelona game other day, impressed with Chelsea goalie.
Of course!
And somewhere in Rhode Island a man known as Tim O'Shea is cursing all of those who call themselves Bobcats
you heard my traks??
Best to Golden Globes winner Iranian film 'A Separation' at
...were there and seemed not quite in the category (e.g. Cat's Cradle? Big fav of mine tho'...)
I don't know why people are hostile by default.
you should follow
Your wristbands have free shipping now. It will come up as free shipping in checkout but not shopping cart yet.
T'Wolves @ NJ...Live! Everyone on the Nets is named Williams
I am kind of afraid to reply to messages now or to click on links. Not sure what to do or not do. All I can think to do is to talk about it.
For example, the SC2 player in question often live streams his games to audiences averaging ~2500 people each day. Very public.
A random lady just asked me for fashion advice at the mall.....
Late start, mass, 25 min classes, and I'm leaving at 2, and the best part I don't have to take the rem quiz! #lml:D
That's so cute that you watch another make up girl's videos! I just watched the Collin make over, LOL! :)
I men has a fetish for shoes :o normal? I dont think so but we love him do mug
By boldly committing to choices in the room, the post-aud walk allows different intriguing ideas to arise but not shoulda-had-a-V8s. Bliss!
What Do I Get When I Try To Clean Up.? A Lost Earring -_- Ain Gon Never Find Again Hopefully Thats The Last Thing I Lose
HEY!!!!! i just mentioned them. not by name, but.. hey can you get him a clip? any chance??
Why was it so hard to just ask for your bag back? I don't think it would have gotten physical if you stood up for yourself. U?
Woodland Hills Taft, emerging as the City Section Division I title favorite
DM me your address and I will send one out tomorrow :)
wanna hear it
Vocals are done! :D
my obnoxious neighbor is moving 👍
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: David Lazarus Jr ⁰Rising 10th ⁰Washington, MI ⁰Travel Team: Michigan Hurricanes ⁰Point Guard 5’10
LOUD listening to Travis porter
Playing Music in the Grove tonight in New Windsor from 7-9.Come check us out!
Great to see at #RIT event last night!
Likewise Jennifer! Thanks to you for been here! Blessings :)
well there you go.
Spent 20 hours on a plane so far. One left, after 4 more in the Vancouver airport.
What I like about Bogart is that he's so ugly. I've never liked pretty men. ~Fran Walker, The Only Game in Town
Fudge it. I'm gonna be in Hodges until the end of this freaking semester.
interested in teaching English at home or abroad ?sign up for our Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certificate Course.
#ideaseconomy: Corporate world in 2050 - water, software, internet banking, sov wealth, Chinese autos, pharma mergers, education
Yeah!!! RT : Just won $100 being caller 12 for 's Workplace Payoff! Thanks guys!
Thinking about attending #RootsTech but not thrilled about flying from warm Florida to cold/snowy SLC in February :-)
haha looks awesome!
Successful weight loss can only come when someone is as determined mentally as they are physically. It takes a complete investment!
Okay, I'm done tweeting sweet yumminess! My apologies! G'night everyone! 💤💤💤
the book Unwind>>>
Fantastic meeting you last night at TAN! I'm inspired!
Woohoo HEAT!!! Nice shot BOSH!!!
Weakness dwells in the mind. not in the body.
I get to see my bae today! I'm excited! He work all dha dam time!
go for it!!!!! At TRAVAIL we salute you x
Even when you think I'm not paying attention, or didn't hear or see you, I did
I CANT STAND WATCHING SCARY MOVIES CUZ THE TV WANT LISTEN TO ME!!!!
Thanks Beth! Boiler up. RT : Sign up for and save $$ on golf!! :)
Just ran my first 5K. Discover the "K" stands for how many times you say "Kill me please" per mile.
we couldn't see. No replay here either. Smfh. Cunts
Talk about life-changing moment.
Glad to see you on line, Gene. Trust the week went well. Very interested in your feedback on #ECET2 survey.
i'm not a fan of wine, and i don't have a moustache :P x
1 month already she cries!!
Can't Wait For The Video, You're Friggin' Hilarious!!!!! :D
SO EXCITED!!! Pre-Sale should be up for my album "REACH THE SKY" by tomorrow!!! Thank you for all your support!!!
Been banging on the #Windows8 consumer preview over the weekend. My opinion: it's a step back from the #Windows8 Dev Preview.
UI Designers, we are looking for our first designer. A lot of responsibility for the right person. Profitable SaaS startup
I love these! Also doing this in unused phone booths in NYC!
You should go see The Cabin in The Woods though. Its really good.
Its obvious who is gone die first, hate horror films like this, next...
There may be a tour in feb. Denton is one of the stops.
Love your tips/tricks and insight. Would love to pick your brain for 10 minutes!
Ever get out of work so late and you can't wait to go home but when you get there you can't sleep.... Crap 😔
hahaha sounds like a cool thing to do 
She gave him jungle worms😨😱
Can Someone Give Me Their # So I Can Send them a Pic I Want For My Icon?? (:
Is it really fire season again?
We can counteract the poison of meanness by remembering who we are in God’s eyes. I am excellent in the sight of God and so are you
Ack, all these public flock thank yous are bogging down my feed. DM the new followers merhaps?
I Hate puttin ppl in my buisness but I dont like hiding things from my ppl they textin me like crazy
I would like to meet media scholar John Merrill.
get down there and put it on Mario Chalmers and MIA like our man did yesterday!
I dare somebody to call the Spurs' bench "scrubs".
how? I said I'm going to the gym. I actually go unlike you
that sucks guys.
i am speaking to you
Thanks. Those poor nurses though! lol
I can't wait for that 1v1 match-up!
#mm love the song by this group called subway let me be yo dire
Github rolled out their UI updates again. Now they look like Bitbucket
#simple chicken recipes #simple sticky lemon tarragon drumsticks #simple recipes #dinner ideas #family dinner
Would LOVE to see Pauline Maki do a talk. She is killing the audience at with her talk "Her Brain on Estrogen"
It's not enough.
Reminder: Register for today's 1pm User Group featuring & Gwynedd-Mercy College's Help Desk services showcase!
LMAO! ... and what's worse!- I responded to it, explaining myself.
I'm full of useless info that occasionally becomes useful!
only make moves when your heart is in it
Many thanks, Carole and thank you for your early support of BENT ROAD.
My taste buds are totally in New Orleans
tells 2012 graduates that he was a WONK before Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg made it cool to be one
it's on NBC lol
how is the shifting going for you?
that is the creepiest fountain in all of Seattle.
RT : makes a surprise video appearnce w/ at #ilshrm10. (Lol all from my vacation in Orlando!)
not a surprise, but very disappointed all the same
RT Big up all the djs let's get it ! Its 5 oclk let's
Haha u look amazing.that guy look hot to.but u r amazing.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Don't be easy, be WORTH IT... If they want you, they would accept the challenge."
Good TGIF Morning, You have a good Open House this weekends!
My life never goes as expected...it goes way better! So happy today!
he will b4 the CAVS that's 4sho
#brewpitch what is the difference of bitraider and the Steam/Valve gaming platform ?
. invested in for-profit NeighborGoods because they saw its potential to connect ppl and potential application to its work
I've never wanted someone as bad as I do right now.
Still achy from carrying too much at once on Sunday followed by 3 hours on the risers last night.
Landau performs on city auditorium stage - Bluefield Daily Telegraph
The Bellmen want to play at Hole in the Wall.
Happy Hallows Everyone
Alright, I'm looking for a light-weight, 3/4 sleeve, big girl blazer....where are my fellow
I'd settle for just a Taco Bell if y'all had more working power outlets...25% battery on a 6-hour flight? You do the math
agreed #RIPMCA You made us all Party while you were here!
Lakers blown out! I smell a rivalry in the air!
is ready to get out of town, but I just don't think it'll happen this weekend. Sigh. Staycation, anyone?
you were great thanks for bein there!!
it means everyone is entitled to their own view lol
Sorry to hear about the problem w/your site. Please follow & so we can DM additional info ^CH
I can never remember how to spell fellatio.
Amazing! Four full days of unbelievable food, wine, cocktails, and music. You should go next year!
Hi , it's been too long! Hope you and Nathen are well.
He needs to be brought back to the show. He invited Boomer&Carton to the RB/Galaxy game.
What is your favorite UWM Grind location? Any reason in particular?
I SAW U I SAW U I SAW ISAW U!!!! lol
Thanks to the Internet, every week is Shark Week.
basura you love me! With or without my fanciness
I like that
I wonder if Outside Lands is going to have any surprise holograms like Cliff Burton of Metallica to emulate the success of Tupac.
Ready to kick 2010 to the curb. And set my sites on 2011, which is already shaping up to be an incredible year.
: listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 2
I'm on a roll and finished module 11 of 17 (Advanced Database Marketing) in the DMA Certification Program. My head hurts!
I think my oldest cat is going blind. Both her pupils are dilated and they don't respond to light. She is afraid to even move. Its quite sad
Just putting it out there. If you need to take a picture of yourself, consider taking it in our Poetry Booth out front. The red really pops.
Just delivered a gift family portrait session! Someone is getting Balance in their stocking for Christmas!
#NeverShouldYouEver lead someone on..
You're beautifuller ( :
I cannot focus today.
4-0 Verona and we're not even halfway through the 2nd period.
Technological advances at Norwell Middle School
Slowly went away after I got a free glass of merlot, a bottle of champagne and an avocado!
obviously, but i wouldnt know cause im not a ginger..
oh my gosh i havent been on twitter in forever! lol love all my followers yall never fail to provide me with funny tweets :) <3
RT : The best thing about being a teacher is it matters. The hardest thing is that it matters every day.
It's so nice to be downtown for a change. :)
this Thursday, I'll be performing at and eating the best food in town thanks to !! I can't wait! pool, gaming, go!
if I could go anywhere in the world I would go to Canada!!!:)
Just effing lower the drinking age already, so kids stop worrying about getting caught drinking by parents of the police and call for help.
I had to unfollow Paula Deen because she was unwilling to spell things correctly.
already following you Keith!!
"he's not a licker, he's a sniffer"
I'm down whenever holla at me bro!
I'm Listening &&' Jus Heard Him Mention Austin!! <3' E.
Sitting on my friend's couch with a guy who used to hate me . I guess he doesn't hate me anymore ?
Thanks for the conversation today! I'm so glad to connect with you and look forward to telling your story on
I'm so tired of this ☔⚡☁ weather, it need to hurry up m get hot n ☀.
U already know!! Bong!
Nice words my friends. Blu-ray is good! RT : Ride The Divide is rad...double rad on BluRay :)
Hope you are doing well, so happy to see all the great work you are doing. Say hi to the family from the Leas'
Have a safe trip.
We will be tweeting every 5th application.
I ain't one to brag, but I'm pretty sure I'm smarter than everyone reading this tweet
morrning! ah. spring break~!
Proofreading another student's paper draft = fun way to learn and help out at the same time...a good way to end the week
If you think you need to take the edge off, you may be missing the point.
Recovery starting to show in RealEstate mkts hit first by recession such as Arizona etc. Good sign now job mkt needs improvement
I watch The Karate kid is to listen to Never Say Never by my sexy man he a sexy ass 17 yr old too Sexyness much BIEBZ
Ok, I'll get it to u this week..most likely tomorrow. When is the tour coming to the ATL?
She said it makes me so sad I gotta leave you alone
I went to the game
Watching 'Hobo with a shotgun' this movie is so bad it's good
What are you all up to this Friday night?
Now I need boxer-like (buff) actors for THIS Thursday!! Anyone free??
Jealous RT: Can't wait to hear speak at the #UMNGraduation today!
Thanks Rod. Best of luck on your coaching search. Get a good one. The MWC needs you guys back on the rise.
Media wont blast Dwight for shooting a gun in a commercial like they did Kobe b/c Dwight isn't a famous rapist with 5 rings..hes just corny
Minor headache and cant get to sleep
tell us what you think of our designs
"If true love makes me a faggot, then I'm a faggot." -Nick. I love him<3
GAGAGAGAGA! for braunie. that's what we the business call "the dagger".
Enjoy!! I'm with you girlfriend... I feature yummy things and great recipes :)
US urges Tehran to free Bahai leaders
#EmailMarketing Tip 19: at signup, define what's in it for the recipient. Content, frequency, savings -- & then DELIVER!...
Thanks. We will be sure to give you credit. :)
I survived an entire weekend in the woods. Without internet. Or cell reception.
did I win the FB work up yet? Hahaha!
Happy Birthday, Gator “: Waking up at 4:10 on 4/10... Of course. Happy birthday to me”
I'd tell you I miss you, but it wouldn't change anything.
Baby, rain or shine, all the time.
I wonder if is still going to do jasminator of the week its been long she hasnt choosen one :o
Is anyone doing live coverage of the #MetGala?
Yes, and judges cannot make decisions based on an unequal history of discrimination against Autistic disabled people.
I'll keep an open ear tomorrow at the run! 6:15, Sulivan Cnyn in Beentwood if ya wanna join!
Here's to making new friends and making better friends with old ones.
u thought wins are what mattered (tebow) in regards to brews outplaying rigers
“: Adele: Don't look at me like that, like I'm damaged goods. I'm still me. I'm still here.” AH
It will be hard for you to be as hate-filled as Rosen, unless you share her anti-woman views.
I need sum wake and bake like a.s.a.p
On LANL air quality data; when will it be public? Day to day metrics to be made available?
RT : Rep. Heck withdraws his second degree amendment.
That was you? Sorry, next time I'll switch off. ;-)
Best show on TV :-)
I wish there was an app that would tell you when you're singing out loud w/ your headphones on. Like a shock collar of sorts.
I'm expanding my HTML vocabulary
hahaha, thank you(;
Fair enough :-)
right now, it sounds as if the data re:on/offline connection is "ambiguous" - cant leave it at that!
Excited to receive my package from today!
Locker Room Gift from Ersan Ilyasova
Really sorry mate...things are mad here! Are u already testing our iPhone app? If not send me your UDID & I'll set you up!
We had some anniversaries last week that were missed: Lisa W with two years and Rick D with one year. Congrats to you both!
WIN HAWKS BOX TIX - REDEEM $1 BARTAB DRINK TO ENTER
People Need To Get A Life And #Stop Hating On !!! She's Really Nice!(: I Love You<3 :D #ForeverAWrighter (:
remember when you pounded two bottles of Kombucha because I told you it cures hangovers? Good times.
Hahahaha, no problem, I'll hold your hair ;)
Um, Mars? Guam? The North Pole? RT : If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be???
OMG I KNOW!!! RT customer service blows. I hate you for ruining Palm.
yeeeeaaaa! & candy. M :D while watching children swing lololol.
Sorry, Everybody! I'm not a whiner - I just got hacked.
wondering how you did your content aggregating . I'd love to pick your brain.
Thanks to Ben Ramirez I for helping nuestra causa! See you on Saturday!
keep it
no im not lol
#dallas #dallas #dallas oh how i loathe you. . . However, a king sized suite does make it more tolerable! :-)
Singing BABY COME BACK, YOU CAN BLAME IT ALL ON ME when you realize that has FINALLY left TEXAS! -____- :'/
If you hover over his picture there is a gear icon. click that and a dropdown appears with a follow option. I had to look =)
I RULE. /O'Doyle'd
Morning session is over! Now for a quick field trip to Tolomato before lunch. A treat unique to this workshop!
I think I can relate to this trend...
