----------> needs 2 PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO
haa ones not good enough for ya shadow? lol JK :P and BEST PENGUIN STANS FOREVER bpsf <33
What is the best burger joint in the WORLD?
RT - Oh you have a Cleveland Indians snake skin rare snap back? Oh were fuckin tonight
#regret wsi classes at this point
Happy Birthday 
happy mothers day (:
IN Quotes: "The body knows what you need before the head does."
May is Cancer Research Month. We salute the scientists who are looking for a cure for the disease that touches many of our lives!
RT : could you arrange with to make this ppt available on blackboard for us #mc220? Will do.
will they be restocked?
lucky bitch. i wanted to go to that but shit's fucked up. :P
And thanks for the RT!
: Not mine per se, but… you can add a trigger to set the update to happen at regular intervals… Can I email you a bit later?
WOO What you call 8:00, we call home. Community returns to Thursday nights on March 15th.
getting swill tonight. Next season starts now
my damn clock played a dirty trick on me this morning and i got to school an hour early!
You can have a productive day if you had the right coffee.
Do not want this wonderful weekend to end! Tantrum throwing, commence.
When Yu Have Five Or More Different Colors Of The Same Retro 4s
I think since Williams has past history Goodell has to suspend him more than one year. Agree?
Everyone have a safe st pattys night
dont wanna go to school!
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
2012 Shooting Guard Akeem Springs will play for Northern Illinois University next year....Congrats!
i really wanted to set up contests with Austin, but i guess it's not going to happen #ohwell sorry guys :/
hate Math :(
we love you!
At 3:30 p.m. Central Time, Mrs. True & 'Abdu'l-Bahá left the Plaza Hotel to drive to Davis's gravesite in south Chicago. #239DaysLive [1/2]
Digging that hair
I feel sick to my stomach thinking about those poor people in Japan...I'm praying for you Japan
haha but we have swag and i think our future husbands would agree. bahaha.
just followed ;)
I've been busy! RT : It's just amazing how a guy can be utterly dominating on every level and then just suddenly lose it.
Opera dinner tonight on stage! Loving it! I will be surrounded by the set of Barber of Seville and serenaded by an opera singer:)
Ghetto translation: "So you Mad?" = "It amuses me that your angered by what just occurred when it didn't seem like a big deal to me
I went to the bathroom and like a heard of elephants came in making lots of noise
Oh man... Kevin McHale is so awkward sometimes. hahah
RT : Today I stood in a slave pen with shackles driven into the walls in a bldg I've driven past with a tragic history I never knew.
For New Years, no CX bikes at the dirt crits. But summer series - if there's enough interest we're planning a CX bike race.
if you bcc someone, it should be impossible for that person to then reply all to the entire group no matter how hard they try ()
OH from our IA: "Not sure what planet I landed on when I started here. Actually getting to focus on one project."
I really wanted to go but I have school tmm and I didn't have a ride! Next time you guys go please include me I want to go
e-mail on it's way! Thanks.
Walking into UCB without having to pay is literally the coolest thing I've done in New York. And Baz Luhrmann once came to my house, so...
where did you get the SEC shirt? I need one
his eyes just looked so BEAUTIFUL
estimated time servers will be up??
haha fuck you! I know ;p but idgaf I wanted to drink and it was all that was available :)
At the UW Madison terrace. I forgot how friendly college students are. Making quick friends with those around me.
Can't wait to go pick up my copy of Mass Effect 3 after work.
WE ALL FEEL GOOD NOW. get it? knee-slapper. lol, im not even in columbus, ohio. but i thought i'd share a good joke with ya.
'Panduit conforms to solutions based market approach' - Voice & Data Online
Today is my birthday,if you guys see this,hopefully.. Can any of you please wish me a good birthdaay? (: Thank you<3
If there was one thing I should know about you, what would it be?
RT So is this BLUE water shooting out the fountain on the KC plaza dedicated to us (Sporting KC) or the Royals???? (Royals who?)
comes to mind too.
drunk-driving) if they have eaten someone who was drunk?
Philly Eagles? No thanks lol
Anxiously awaiting the arrival of near #americanu (supposed to be at Mass and Nebraska). Yum!
When you say feminine traits, does that include feminine activities like hanging with the girls and jumping rope with them?
Good times
#NP a #Headbangers Double header; Linkin Park: Given Up & Avenged Sevenfold: Nightnare.
No don't do that!! LOL.
Im extremely hungry too..haha
Let's all pray that Ben & Jerry's stays out of the #FishFry game... Go get your free cone today though!
Can I just Grants Pass OR is amazing. U sing like a choir. U pray like Moravians. Thx for all ur work. Stay thirsty my friends
Famine, the new size 000
were can u get. The I swam with mcafee shirts. The would b the shirt I wore to every party. Follow me
I just moved to Birmingham last year. Lived in Atlanta for 30 years. Live in Birmingham now and I'm 48 years old. Yep.
Kentucky better hold this lead! #Leggo Wildcats!(:
...sell one, and with the dole, buy hyacinth. Feed thy soul.
Shot at Toro with for a video series. Jamie will be featured in October. Thanks for the hospitality Chef!
Those are the BEST! Nearly impossible to resist.
RT : If You Want Your Music In 24/7 Radio Rotation Follow
I got you that job app!
Fall down seven times, Get up eight.
Lakers still the greatest of all time ! Js
you noticed it to
no problem!
they could have the police go check up on her.
Jimmy Fallon Debuts &#39;Blow Your Pants Off&#39; Album Cover
let me tell you about my grandpa a. faal....
PBS referred to your people as "fiber enthusiasts." Is that acceptable? Sounded a little unseemly to me.
Do you hear the accompaniment in the upper winds? Remember it from the first mvmt?
ha! there's still a lot for them kids to learn
I look good... #Anchorman is on.
Saw that Twilight movie. I learned that Jacob can only leave a room if someone shouts "Jacob, don't!"
Love you girl. J and I will be skyping you soon. Be ready! Xoxo.
Montee Ball is at brickhouse right now...shouldn't he be at the KK?
... been watching the ESPN coverage of concussion related brain trauma injuries and their effect on football players.
Were glad you like it. Leave the bubble untouched and it will dry out with no issues. It should be clear in 24 - 48 hours
Did Jones really get a tooth knocked out from the helmet to helmet?
Goodmorning everyone!!! Hope everybody had a great friday!! Now its time for a great saturday!!! ^_~
haven't gone a day with listening to at least one song by you guys
would be easy if the game was 20 second long...but it's 60 minutes...same question could be asked of Lee Evans, I suppose.
What is the source of this story, please. Thanks
Lose your dreams and you could lose your mind. #Lifelesson"
After six innings, Trinity leads St. Xavier 3-0 at Slugger Field. Last chance coming up for Tigers in top of the 7th and final inning.
Is Tuesday the new Monday?
4 more workdays until the
I love twitter
Still looking for #recommendations for
Happy #FF to some more new followers
#pssst everyone #turnon your phone and try out ☺
Guess who turns 39 in a week? Hint... It's VERY classical... & it's VERY Pittsburgh!
my phone must be broken since no one is texting me back today
Great sound bites at World Business Forum in NYC; GEs Conaty Performance Culture = Rigor, Rhythm and Consistency
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. it is the transition which is troublesome.
"When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills." I'm also seeing lots of people raise their sails leave.
I AM SHIFTING into my NEW Reality! Support System; International Speakers: Gerry, Paul, JG, Publicist:J. Price, Marketing Manager: S.Simmons
I love how easy it is for you to lie to my face.. It's not like it surprises me though. You do it all the time.
u so sexy i love it lol
I wanna see my baby today but he's retarded .
like when Ray J went to negotiate with Kim Jong Ill a few days before he passed
That's nuts.
I want a guy who will come up behind me & wrap his arms around my waist. Just to surprise me & whisper in my ear " Baby, I love you."
LOLOL Rodney! We tryna change our lives!
great story! Older than dirt?
And I wasn't attending, I was trying to bike home from work.
Going to my first game tomorrow! Fulfilling another right of passage for me living in Seattle. I'm excited.
Ole willy wonka Drambuie ass wanna be's.." u aint gotta lie to kick it"..lol
The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less time you have to do anything.
if this girl dnt come in the house..we gon lock her out!!!
If the Knicks make it to Game 5, I expect the injury report to read DAVIS, BARON: Out (knee explosion)
One wrong turn trying to exit the Herald Square train station and I'm wandering around JCPenney for an hour.
Is Facebook down?
to the rats fuck you you know who u r
Blowing up phones ;)
Automation Alley Fall new member networking meeting tonight. Always great opportunities at these events!
thank you! but you seem like a sweetheart yourself, just being happy seeing others happy!
ahahahahahhahaha... oh wow. people are
bro i cant talkntonight. i would text but dammit my phone
Album cover/promo photoshoot. We stay
Love the new season of Dexter.
Congratulations to Art and Art History Prof. Evan Reed, who has been awarded a prestigious Franz and Virginia Bader Grant!
Someone dumped a... ahem... Personal entertainment device In my yard. Ick, & umm how? And umm why? & umm ick. Surreal to say the least
Not taking a dig at you this time. Referring back to a yesterday tweet about teachers thinking we play favorites.
Did Carla just retweet that? She is DEFFF not funny c;
- My " Ex Bestfriennd " Said Relationships Are Not For Me , Be He Dont Know Shit Cause He Still Got Hoe Problems .
Sleep sweet.
RT : "Diving into Riak for a few days. This is looking awesome so far." <- Go Josh, go!
Disappearing? When I Google Shaima Alawadi I get 460,000 results. When there is news there will be more stories.
It wouldn't be the Women's Open without an evacuation. We're in a suspension of play.
We are creating our facebook page right now. Coming soon!
Twitter Interview with & is starting now.. follow #TRRPA to see whats going on!
Smh she trynna get tough already,
I don't get this soccer thing. When are the TV timeouts?
lol I love doing that ! But then I take a shower so it was just a waist of my time 
What's up everybody!!
So incredibly envious! What a group!
thanks amigo!
Havin a really bad sunburn and takin a hot shower
It is so awesome to direct college theatre students!
Photo printing is a technique that helps us preserve and cherish our beautiful memories.
We just received SO many accessories from Top it Off! Cute, preppy totes, flipflops and keychains. It's gonna take me forever but check back
I can't help myself Imma pusher.
Hi me and my partner over here would like to get suited for matching tuxes
Follow my friend !!! Do it!!
Our office will close at 1 p.m. today and re-open Monday morning. Here's wishing you a joyous Thanksgiving!
"There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last."
RT When claims government doesn't create jobs, odd he forgets it's created every job he's ever had.
Excited about these new tracks from Usher's album that my favs are working on!
totally thought of Titanic with your last hashtag
A black some vodka and home is how I'm ending my night
Keep up the intensity Coyotes!!
Now that Adele is in love she better still be able to write a good album and not be like 2 different artists. ( a la Mary J Blige)
getting stood up is totally embarrassing.
Clippers vs Grizzlies.... Hopefully this series ends tonight.
got this new keyboard skin for like 3 dollars on ebay!! man its SICK! (:
Up again with the sun, off to a campaign breakfast. No, I'm not sipping fresh squeezed orange juice & reading the Ft Myers New-Press.
true. The Internet is gospel. ;)
just posted video of the march with all sharpton you can see me in the front at about the 30 second mark
Download Game Center on your phone! You can listen to the games while running.
I swear I'm such a good friend
I think and I are long lost sisters.
'America's Next Top Model': Nigel Barker Says His Firing 'Wasn't a Tyra Banks ... - Hollywood Reporter
Party on Friday ! To ready ! Ayee, ! #TWERKsum !
New Follower <3
Ridiculous how mobwives gets to me sometimes
suffice it to say i put that in the rear view mirror instanter.
you were superb in Unreal estate Agents! Missed yout at the screening, and class!
If your friends broke your not too far away
an early special #FF to the old pals , check them out you won't be dissapointed.
Hm....which winery to visit today?
Financial Tip Friday: Here is a priceless article with tax tips for the freelancers and self-employed. Be sure to know how to maximize...
In Wells' Time Machine, the palace of Green Porcelain contains a ruined library. Borges' Library of Babel is arguably sci-fi.
Fuck. Less than an hour of sleep. Fucking great. Thanks. Ouuu so mad...
Great session of #eci831 - thanks Alec. Will check out the student blogs.
Facebook gets soo old.
I sware, if it's not one thing it's another.
Nashville Crew Goes Behind The Scenes With ABC’s “The Bachelorette”
Miss you too
Hot guys follow me! 😉
Check out Antengo! We make it ridiculously easy to connect and sell with buyers in your area!
I am glad I finished my basement, so I can store everything from my baby shower.
Working with Apple's new Motion ... it's pretty slick and almost idiot-proof. Almost.
paving my brain with this steamroller and catchin z's
So #Sarkozy is no longer the president of France?
Someonee Wanna text Me ?(:
Did anyone else notice how segregated the #hungergames dystopia still was? The only non-white people seem to live in District 11.
Chicago is BURSTING at the seams with cool shit to do. But since I'm new to the city, I need to find some cool people that do cool shit.
Nah! You just concentrate on my pretty face and it will al be oooookayyyy !!!!
Ah, the sweep, sweep stench of a winning streak. Keep it up #SFGiants www.WeBeGreater.com
Crap. My secret place that had a good amount of Hopslam has finally run out (thanks to me). So long, friend. See you next year
Sr. Year basketball coming up....gotta make it to state one more time.
A place for everything and everything in its place. ~ Anon
Enjoyed visiting MUSE publisher colleagues at booth here at #AAS2012. It's great to see our publishers from outside North America!
So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains And we never even know we have the key. "Author Unknown"
Someone starves to death every 3.6 seconds, 75% of those are kids under the age of 5. JOIN THE FIGHT!
RT : The verdict comes from those with nothing else to do, the jury's out, but my choice is you. -Taylor Swift
I'm waiting for James Dyson to claim he's reinvented the shop vac by simply selling a black hole generator.
Gulf Shores bound. Can't believe my cousin is finally gettin hitched...poor guy ha
At Helix bar Palazzo with ODs on FB, cool group. Just met
everyone looked great at pictures today! REMEMBER: if you are on the stop list you have till 5 pm tomorrow to get it cleared. GET IT DONE!
YAY, purple's my favorite color!
i got my own money tew get my toes&eyebrows dun for prom yay me
If you know how to make memorable art, you know how to engage your tribes & clients. /QqP8Ld
YOUR UGLY YOUR UGLY YOUR UGLY & YOUR SO UGLY : ) oh well
Thank you president for noting desire to include Reynolda House fine art in campaign.
Told you, Its such a good movie!
I make my debut, Saturday March 26! That's where it all started for me...how cool.
Love is better in person, but made stronger with distance.
oh well then there you go ;) online never worked for me either I'd rather do the leg work haha
12 in a row!
"Living and dying is not the big issue. The big issue is what you're going to do with your time while you are here." - Bill T. Jones
lol, I know. I'm tryna take the whole day off to make it to both
West Dundee enters ‘economic diet’ mode on expenses WEST DUNDEE — The unexpected closing of the West Dundee Best Buy has v
“: I should be credentialed” as should i and we can sit at PressConf and do shots while mocking stupid questions
Jason aldean looks like ludacris's gay meth dealer. Go listen to johnny cash live at san quentin prison and be amazed by real country music.
Who creates trust and higher purpose amongst their people and gets unparalleled levels of support for common goals.
http:// via R.I.P. CHRISTOPHER WALLACE, AKA THE NOTORIOUS B.I.G.!!!!!
museum staffers casually chatting about WHY social media belongs in exhibits
Getting my grub on at "La Ponderosa"! Woo! Yummy! My tummy is gonna be HA-PPY! XD
A mistake is just a mis-take... Take another shot! Learn from it and keep pushing toward the goal !!
preparing to leave for #icsf in the morning. one more late night for the team.
We don't have a horse in this race, but opening nights are always fun! RT Your #WhiteSox are home!
This guy right here landed a job! Giggity!
deanthony thomas is stupid fast
Sitting on an empty beach & a crazy family sets up 5 feet away
RT Who are your go-to tweeters for museum news? wants to know!
": Stay Strong Like Demi and put your finger down your throat until your dinner comes up :)" You are so fucking PATHETIC.
Just read book 'how to win in the sports of business' and gave me a lot of inspiration! Love the make it from nothing and hard story
Happy Mothers day to My mom! and all #yankees fan moms, #nygiants fans moms, #Syracuse fans moms, #nyranger fans mom, #Knicks fans mom
Don't forget to get signed up for this Saturday's Hawaiian Tea Party! This may be your only chance to taste rare teas from Hawaii in #Omaha!
Whether you're #TeamClimateChange or not, save some time and go outside while the weather lasts
Happy birthday hope u hav a gr8 birthday
Peloff (making Stuller's argument): The female hero's journey is a collaborative, communal, adapative journey.
aww that sounds like fun!! I've been chillin done with the semester n back home now n yeah def! Hit me up sometime!
Plus the Reagan administration helped set up the funding networks that led to Al Qaeda. Not mentioned too often today.
Think before you speak.
She said Chillin In the Cut Like A Band-Aid -__- , Ctfu Boosie !
Just tapped Lost Abbey Deliverance
Woo! Sub in history
I hope its ok, I mailed it 2...Zarin Fabrics.......
En route to Detroit. Trying to make it out of Ohio before nightfall. This is bat country.
Hey Juan! Message says your site is down temporarily
RT : Don't let math push you away from science. You can get math along the way. (EO Wilson being quoted) YES!
#JoePa looks about 10 years younger when he isn't wearing glasses. No joke
lol. everyone is tweeting about Justin on the voice. ok. i wanna see it too. :3
Remind me never to sit in the first car of the Acella. Feels like I am on the worst roller coaster of all time! Come on
my hurricane tweet yesterday >>>>>>
Whoa wind.. the pollen count is peaking at 11.8 today! So prepare yourself for the wind and swirling pollen.. subtle decline tomorrow.
Just now watching the Teen Mom episode from January 3rd. THIS IS NOT OK. I need more computer and TV time.
Watching Eclipse. I'd forgotten how hot Jasper is and how horrible Kristen Stewart is at acting
Put Ah Condom In Your Ear And Fuck What You Heardd ♥☂☁
which Rao sauce?
RT : Thanks! MT : Great interview with iPod inventor Tony Fadell - Great #entrepreneur success story...
Thanks to everyone that voted Vision Optique Best Optometrist in the Best of Houston 2011!
Of course not. I'm a temp, not en employee.
#takemeout side to shoot around and play basketball with me :)
Long May You Live!
Sadly, you are missing out. :(
~Good morning everybody! Time to get up n at 'er!! Be the best u can be today!
No matter how big your dream may be, GO FOR IT. Don't let anyone or anything get in your path!
thanks for the MT Peter. Weren't we trying to connect with ?
via : Placed about 14 chairs on brick(?) area on our SIM.
Calling someone fat or too skinny or anything far from nice.. yeah your not hard. Your just a judgmental fuck who made someone insecure.
Another great performance by the legendary orator and debater.
do you also go to USD? Did you win that tennis match a few days back?
Who else is more excited for Believe tour?! :D
It is noteworthy that most of the great people of the Bible were busy when divine necessity laid hold of them. - J. T. Pugh
love and miss u girl. Thank u. Texas misses you. MCMEOW!
It's a new level of awkward when your mom asks if you've read 50 Shades of Grey with that far off look in her eye...
They�ll say the old rules are still in play
Wisco sports 2-0 for weekend thus far. Pack will make it 3-0 no doubt. Great performance Badgers
You know it brother! I can fight the good fight because of all the useful info from you
Two stops...
we talk. we flirt. we joke with each other. and were not dating why...?
(vice pleads the 5th of *vodka")
AU student suggests another Huntsman run in 2016
I hope it's more useful for you than it has been for me. Nothing very drupal-specific here...
sending your best friend tweets because you can't put them on here >>>>
I've thought about someday moving to #NYC but imagine myself pulling an Elaine Benes at Yankee Stadium.
My thing is if I'm with a nigga I'm faithful to the dude til the end. period!
I hate users.
As in academia, Maya scholars even form groups of researchers who take sides according to which particular meaning is chosen for a glyph.
Going to followback some ppl :)
Thank you Encinitas!
I tried! But I was beyond the wifi range! Sorry #artsummit12 They recorded, so it should go up somewhere...
donk. RT : color me peach and black. color me taken aback.
LOL RT Who gets custody of Willow's hair?
hopefully peyton didn't hurt his neck while he was kissing elway's ass today during that press conference. jeez, you two, GET A ROOM!
can't wait to see you there!
Yesterday, we installed an alarm for someone's daughter, attending the UofA. We installed it, as if it were our own daughter's alarm.
Today is the day. I'm putting a few of my precious shoes up for sale. I hope that people buy them, but mostly I hope that they love them.
Some people at my school need to learn how to sit down and shut up
You think this is about you? hah
You raise some important issues. Now more than ever preservation is something the industry needs to take more seriously.
looking for leaders connected to Australia. A project that I am working on will be there soon! pvt msg me.
Hello new followers!
Thank you Jen...I appreciate it.
I love seeing clients like Peter Twohy out and about.
I felt ma bed shake, and nobody was in ma room!? WTF
what a wonderful and nerdy day at smithsonian museums. i really miss living here. even if it was just a month or so.
lma obv i was being sarcastic
Haha - I'll suggest it next time there's a foiled underpants bomb plot.
I love to see ass holes get screwed over. How you like me now punk.
Thanks 4 a wonderful time! Great premiere of our little short, great networking 4 Saw some great flicks
The live stream wasn't working, I'm watching it on a delay now...no skips. Thanks for reaching out.
2011 Resolution: an improved culturenow.org homepage. We'll let you know when we launch it!
“: He messes with Sasquatch. And gets away with it.” Is that true ?
Sad...the ties that bind can sometimes strangle your spirit.
enjoying the random suggestions of "People You May Know" today on LinkedIn. Robin Hood, Activist/Chief Fundraiser @ Nottingham is particula…
hey think you could sign up on dccodeathon.eventbrite.com ? i need more librarians... purty please! you can play act!
Getting busy at the new gig. Off to Fredricton, New Brunswick Canada next week.
RT : It is impossible not to believe what you see, but it is equally impossible to see what you do not believe. T-11.VI.1:1
My feet hurt I met some cool ass people today tho, I need to learn not to blush. Haha
What a GREAT story!!
Alcohol in mouthwash dries oral tissues. Dry tissues create more sulfur compounds. Sulfur compounds enable infection & create bad breath.
Loved watching you guys arrive in #Lex & get off the bus at #Rupp. You're all going to be missed. Thanks for the ride.
Hidden camera: FBI seizes - and then returns - anonymizing email server [VIDEO] - Naked Security
Ian Desmond said during wknd series Phillies were up for the gms and played harder than they usu do against the #Nats, he says thats big
Good pace so far from the Thunder. Keep it up.
Betancourt and McGehee are pathetic with the bat.
I dont really interact on Twitter lately so Im surprised that I still have followers. Lol.
VeroKNEEcun, NAOMI, Steve called 2 have YISD cancel that YARBROUGH BRIDGE meeting but I have tht Aaron BarRAZA on my tail & couldn't call 2
How are you sir? Hope things are good. Say hi the next time you are in Austin!
DO IT!! RT : In the mood to workout
IS A JOKE no consistency with anything like I said earlier you can get away with murder if you are a big name player
Hello!How are you?:)
I feel like ass ass ass ass ass ass ass....
This nigga almost deleted the beat lol
With my By Sunlight dudes and hitting the road today, I'm going to have to catch up on a few episodes of the OC.
Lee Ann Womack quotes “I thought it would be nice if I got one or two. Everything after that was just icing on the cake.”
can't wait to see my loves & in 3rd period (:
Great to meet you too MT : Loved discussion abt digital pedagogy, scholarship, & future of humanities w/ &
Dinner with the Athens family. Happy.
it was a treat to get to see you and the entire GTG Team this weekend.
What is the #worst time that your #car has broken down? Middle of nowhere, side of the highway? How did you fix it?
Make love not war, my man is happy... what a hippie thong 2 say...
About to cuddle with all 6 of my big pillows,,,
MT We've monitored Sat.'s forecast: high risk of thunderstorms. We postponed #DITC to May 13. See you then!
Latin Gold Thursdays tonight at The QBar with &
Which is more conducive to personal growth? The right question or the right answer?
call me
The beings had no dents, grooves or anything, they were smooth all around.
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see.
Get the burger... it's AMAZING!
sounds great!
RT : Q1. How do little things like enough sleep or ups/downs at work affect your capacity to learn & change behavior?
Who's watching the WWE Royal Rumble Tonight? :-)
Gotta make moves
I just got home sorry
well I have a snow day today so I will! :)
Peoples should follow !
OMG OMG OMG if I win the get One Direction to party all night with you im inviting and !!
lol welcome aboard!
Then had to wake up teenage daughters at 4 am to take me to airport. That was fun...
Omg we did ATVing at pismo beach, hella fun! You must eat at splash cafe, its so bomb!
Word son
gone night running williamsburg bridge for big thinking
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
Funny,I have 2 male co workers that I told the same thing!They busted my chops!Now who's laughing?Pats sore losers.
Brought my mom to the #HEAT game for an early mothers day present
Happy Easter for those who celebrate and Happy day to those who have been given the opportunity to have another day of this good life.
2 yo went to daycare in underoo's today! (also with 2 changes of clothes) - God Speed Little One!
All I wanna do is tell you how I feel. that you would listen and all this time I wasn't mislead. That you would catch me as I fall.
calm down you bottle stabber your dad might have 2 arrest u for assault
New rule: you have to go to all games!!
Chiana:Yes, I'm still here but my tweeter is tuckered out!
I am so, so, so tired. Miss my wife.
Studying lines for tonight's rehearsal for this weekend's movie shoot. Love love love when we have the luxury of rehearsal! Don't you?
Your wish is your command. If you had 3 wishes in life, what will they be?
Needs some new friends
on oovoo with emily and alex♥
#HappyMothersDay to my mother, the very best!!! love you mommy!!
That shouldve been me
Mud Hens player is like Bull Durham.
casual, organized with lunch in mind, and will potentially keep 1-2 rooms for conversations/hacking deriving from courses. [+]
Hearing about Google+ and +1s but hasn't addressed user adoption. If target audience isn't there, success is limited.
where are you?
Thanks for a great today!
Nice to see you at Julie's show last night....sure can't wait to hear her back on the radio!
lol I think u gave it to me on my birthday when we were like 5
hang in there man.
have you tried it with cold pressed dark chocolate?
Power's out again, down Sellwood-way. Wind-related, I assume. Our office needs a diesel generator, it would seem.
There's a lot of apologizing in softball. Ladies, we need to stop it.
Uhh Justin Bieber Gonna perform on grammy award SUCkS!-__-
Bout to hit turbulence at the banquet
convoluted attempt to imply eating unprocessed foods will make your kids capable of high-level reasoning?
I took a nap and missed dinner omg I'm so upset right now. this is child abuse
NBC yet to show hit. Suspension worthy?
They'll make it the right time! <3
My friends & started a wedding Twitter account. Officially the cutest thing ever. So excited for them!
LMFAOOO!!! My momma just said Terrell mustache look like DIRT! Bahaaa
Story of my life RT: I won't text back. I won't text back. I won't text back. I won't text back... "Nothing much, you?" Fuck.
A big fan!!
thanks so much for featuring us!
Are you playing 8 mile on Easter because Eminem's character's name is "Rabbit"? How festive.
Say what you mean, and mean what you say.
RT: : #MittRomney still losing Michigan - this guy cldnt be less popular in 'heartland' if he strangled Dolly Parton and came ...
I don't belong here I dnt belong anywhere
how much ? I'm a broke beezy
so I finally watched Doctor Who.. don't worry, you're not missing much. it's retarded.
Too bad we don't have that here. “ did you know in Australia, Belgium, & it is compulsory to vote! If you don't you can be fined!
tweeps! what's the plan for the weekend?
Gary Coleman's comeback would've happened right about now.
dumb bitch
let's go! When and where haha
Hanging with sadie tomorrow...I miss that girl even thou I see her everyday and school :)
And they go down in a whimper again...
I'm in the business of illusions.
You can always trust me to be me!!
It's a great night for Wisconsin football! Here's to many more! Cheers!
happy bday to one the greatest!!
Subway cold cut and some hot as gripos
John Lennon would have been proud. His hopes for peace and revolution realized.
NEWS: Psychic medium will be here in San Diego on 4/4 for his own event. Psychics can be a great resource for para investigators
In my head
To describe this seasons collection at TOPMAN AW2012 I would say hip 60's take on Russian military
Bronchitis. Awesome.
like my bio? ;)
Are you an interaction designer with visual design skills? Open to new opps? Please reply with a portfolio link.
We're so excited to be on board to help promote the best #stpattysdayparty in #MKE!
hi. Can't wait to see you tonight. Xo
Pretty little liars. <3
is this rap?
I'm missing my phone right about now...
I can forgive but it's just so hard to forget
God bless you, Theresa! We radiate with pride whenever we receive a compliment.
Uh oh.... I may have just been DUPE-ond. Which is of course when you get a shitty Groupon.
What's with all the police cars in Santa Fe right now.
I'm finding that QR codes are about as useful as a pimple on a design. It gets attention now, but that'll dry up in time.
Omfg i hate bugs!!! Ewwww. Im gonna cry!!
and I was like plus, you got invited to this party last week? I've had these tickets for months and they were a fortune so shh
Lunch time in school
Nap time :) ... Working extra hard I need to go back home #DominicanRep #Santiago #cibao for at least 2 weeks before summer time ends
It looked like Sveum was giving his 4-year-old son a lecture when he got mad at Campana for not knowing the goddamn signs.
They are saying I have to pay to upgrade my device. BS. BS. BS. It was FINE until you pushed the update.
I live a double life.
Ready for the Weekend Sales event!
However, it's worth wondering since his camp. manager is an oppo guy - is that what his campaign will be?
"Live doesn't matter I still like their album" excuse me last time I checked if they're shitty live they're shitty all together.
let's go to the circus...and cirque du soleil!!!
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1968 the 58th and final episode of "The Monkees" TV show was aired. -
U were definately right! RT 2010 twitter prediction that said this year all about drake next year gona be about wiz kalifa?
Today 1936: Hottest temperature recorded in Wisconsin: 114 degrees in the Wisconsin Dells.
Hey Follow Me Here Hey Follow Me Here Hey Follow Me Here
RT ": Always do what you are afraid to do. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson"
I just threw up in my mouth a little
6 more days till my birthday
Monday Night Football...Like or DisLike???
Nope, I think I'm getting a cold though
I'm addicted to heirloom tomatoes.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
Gifts for all! We have giftcards! And, we will be open December 24 for all the late shoppers!!
nun much chillin bored listening to music
Any chance you guys could share your Tempeh Shepherd's Pie recipe in honor of St. Paddy's Day? #prettyplease?
Happy mothers day to my baby mommas
Major thinking to do..
We'll announce the new airline in one hour!
haha seriously do it!
Me too, Kate. Me too.
Miss America 2012 go NC
Which constitution will Egyptian government go with?
you have very good sources!
Woke up a little high, definitely anxious. I'm not looking for sympathy, I'm just annoyed.
dont give a crap if its saturday....killllin my legs at the gym today ;)
With 57% of wards reporting, Walker has a 27,654-vote lead over all the Dem candidates and Kohl-Riggs combined.
Commercial auditioning comes down to the right amount of finesse for that actor. I've coached actors to 100's of commercials. Find mojo.
Do y'all think I am fake?
Followers, my tweets will be sporadic the next 2 weeks. When they are posted, they'll be comments on the real austerity protests in Spain.
it gonna be in july..I'll let you guys know :-) we're having a girl!!
FEMALE MODELS: If you can use some FREE PROMOTION for urself as a model to let ppl know about ur work, holla bk.. SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY...
Everytime I dig into a fan,they only can throw shit bout kim!Y can't you defend nicki with how good she is or impact she makes?
Wouldn't *increasing* their availability make more people recycle?
Can't tell you how much I appreciate that you're always there and one of my biggest supporters! <3 & Miss you!
RT im da type 2 say a prayer and go get what i just prayed for!
Seriously, Emerson's got nothing on them as for as interpretation of this piece goes. So snappy and articulate and
Meet the mighty Mojave Desert Up to $150 off deal on now!
Yes Madison has gone R of R for a while now! $ from the R pays th way
Greateful Dead Acid Test 1966. Yes, please......
More: brown chicken brown cow
going to netherworld tonight
It's like I'm talking to children.
follow back xo
Good work and drive safe!
TOTALLY worth the wait! Good to virtually see you man!!!
Anybody have 4 tickets to The Master's this week. I'll swap for 250 of theCRICKETtoy :) Please RT
Alrighty Twitter people's. Time to get married in less than 2 hours. Been in deep thought all day, but I'm ready. Let's go!!!!!
i got thinking and i just released i would die to have a mom as cool as you :)
Dear junk food, So yeah where do I start how bout this, I Need You Now ! Please come back! Those veggies meant nothing to me! Honest! -Me(:
Mistake 1: lit 40 candles with his pants unzipped.
has a nice lounge at #sxsw. 4th floor of the Hilton.
That sounds fabulous!
Kepler Lucas :I <3 Animal Planet.
You sat Selena is a fame-whore? She got only hate from dating Jus, no fame. So what're you talking about?
RT GOP believe $$ can win their elections -that they will complete corporate control of US in Nov. #Vote them wrong!
That's the spirit!
thanks for the recommendations!! been wanting to try PS7...
i got homework i havent started yet smh i dnt think imma do it
I stand tall wit da fuccin world on my shoulders... I might stumbl, but I don't fall! No nigga or no chicc has evr been my crutch!
IDL6543 Faculty Showcase students describe varied experiences taking online courses. Nice addition to hear from students
Workin my butt off to save everyone 10 bucks lol
Tonight's pint night is shiner wild hare.... Followed by trivia at 7!
#accordingtoasource is very sensitive
So what did you guys think!?!
Working at the office this late is creepy.
Sending video messages back and forth with Morgan because texting is overrated
Good to hear! RT : Yo the bonavita brewer is great. Crazy to think "make a pot of coffee" has entered my lexicon again.
Did you unfriend him?
Will do! Are there lyrics and a bouncing ball to follow along?
just got complimented for being able to dance in stilettos
my humor is like Franks... You can put that shit on everything!
BREAKING NEWS MICHELLE RHEE RESIGNED! GRAY WILL NOT CONTINUE THE EDUCATION REFORM THAT HELPED DC GET 75 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDING!
You're not the first west-coaster to lament no opportunity to see ! Should be a great show.
people, they come and the go, just as easy as breathing. u aint nobody but a person to me, and i aint wasting no more air on.
2 great shows tonight! The Dangerous Summer/Weatherbox/Ten Second Epic @ The Loft and Marco Benevento @ Redamte!
We just started #nosework last weekend and it's so much fun - enjoying your posts!
thank you! Lets go Aussie Babyy
no don't touch me!
Took the kids to the Children's Museum of Atlanta. Warms my heart seeing how children, no more than one time acquaintances, can be so kind.
I need to smoke!
make sure to tweet plenty--I want to hear about that!
That is very true. But now she has a great mother like you. And she has just been given a life she would not have known otherwise.
Baby im not like the rest!
whats going on with the urltv website my dude
That's right! RT : Chef of just stopped by the office told us he takes all his line cooks to In-N-Out to...
Alpha Chi Omega installed Epsilon Eta chapter at on May 6, 1967. Early happy Founders Day !
haha. I wish. I clearly don't excel at tweeting yet. Dude. U r the man!! Miss u bro
Don't forget... May 18th is #HoodieDay - Thanks to the $FB IPO
i dont , they kicked me out.... after my 10 days outdoor , i go to w.r thomas...
Oh, wow! LOL...is the dog THAT bad?
Great! Was just thinking to do that as well. Will connect with you right away!
Someone tell me what this 50 shades of gray bs is
don't get butthurt cause you got a small dick !
I am well. Tired.
Lmao everybody mad
Stay in, away from the snow and ice! NO REHEARSAL Tuesday, February 1.
Welcome Jack!!
After watching the unveiling of the #WiiU, I'm intrigued but still maintaining my skepticism. In any case can't wait to see games for it.
Pretty likely, yeah. Filming is big biz here. But arcade at Redondo pier is big and open-sided. May be able to grab something.
What day are you thinking off?
has invader zim, I have adventure time. I can just watch this over and over
RT : Great! We'll see you at 2012 too then! Can't wait!
Bitches who sit & gossip aggravaye me
This wasnt the end its the start of a new chapter Your dreams will come true hopefully soon! id buy your music, much love💋
Thanks, just emailed you.
Anyone else in Milwaukee (who is stuck inside working) wishing they could just move their desk outside?
new follower! :)
Please take a second and check out my video Meet JO-WAYNE!! It's our way of introducing myself to the World!!! If you like it Please Share!!
Really? "#Bruins defense is like Tim Thomas at the White House, nowhere to be seen." Wow, is this what it's come to?
Hope everybody's spring break is going great! Next week we will be starting our week long raffle and silent auction, more info to come
3 days until new site launches.....
Yo who wanna hit me up though?
Are these tweets from old people in Miami?
National solution in the form of strengthening #CAPTA requirements warranted. #ChildAbuse #State Secrecy
Beginner Yoga with Laura 6pm tonight. Great for new or seasoned yogis to practice asanas (postures) & breathing techniques
Yay! Congrats! See you soon, love!
Better than Things? was just thinking of downloading that, but if Omnifocus is better I will look into it!
#dragrace is this for real?! has to win! Squid fingers, c'mon!!
Just crazy! If losing weight and toning were THAT easy, I'd be thin and toned too! ha ha
you should do it! You are definitley emerging leader material!
NEW ACOUSTIC SET in WA Where: Mandolin Cafe, Tacoma WA Date: Friday March 16th 7pm-7:45pm $5 at the Door Ill be hanging out after the show
Definitely! Let me know details whenever you have a chance.
Waiting patiently for my iPhone to finish charging. It isn't easy.
I'm coolin wit my youngest
Senator Herb Kohl at the BC tonight for the #bucks and #knicks game
MD Court of Appeals have decided that pitbulls are "inherently dangerous". Next up they will decide certain races are dangerous too.
Gotta get rid off cellulite before the summer....
Steve Blake. Like A Boss.
YOSO - You Only Sleep Once
The NBA is just the worst.
gotta love ms.waldron...
Why is the schedule different ? I wasn't at school today .. I probably missed everything ._.
At the ob/gyn with my lovely wife -- I've never been in a room with so many pregnant ladies before, lol
thanks for the shout out Stephy!
we're trying to do at least one a week now because i know how desperate you are for info about our activities.
not fun...ever hear of the cellhelmet?
Not in the mood to work today, feelingg like poop.
please follow back (: im watching you on younow right now ^.^
Daley maneuvered to expand pension: report
ha! awesome. At least i know my career has a future with the anklebiters.
I always win
we need people to follow on this account. our timeline is dead.
Everyone please tune into Tonight at 9 pm and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary :-)
Surf & Turf Burger, 1/2# prime Angus beef, lobster, fried onion rings, provolone cheese & truffle aioli served on a kaiser roll w/ steak fri
such a fun day :) i love my boyfriend.
watched the oscars last night!!!! ii have to watch albert nobbs, war horse, the muppets, and a whole bunch more!!!!!
Deepest Condolences...
Call Now for a Complimentary Consultation (800) 810-1580!
The are no answers to love, success, or happiness. That is the beauty of it all.. No answers. Just life & adventure.
Sounds like a good 48hrs.
Thanks! Wanted it to represent the #lnyhbt soldier that is weary from long day at work but ready to fight!
FAKE FAKE FAKE! !
What's Love ? In Math its A Problem, In history its A War, In chemistry its A Reaction, In Art its A Heart, In Me its You :)
I was a jock, but I've never understood also why sports takes priority over academics. We've got to fix this!!!!!
' Newsflash: I am special, and I will never be one of you! I have a disease? Bulls**t! I cured it with my brain, with my mind
shud have came. Makenzie is here too :P
nah girl im good! Relient K is just kinda depressing sometimes lol
That game is really Early but could be worth waking up for. Isn't it 5:30 AM? May have to run the DVR on that
Feeling inspired by the new content I'm discovering from all you wonderful folks out there twittering :-) so...thank you!
we're still here, just masked in alternate logos till fall!
I love that started off today's company meeting with a rap that had over 30 dick jokes in it.
you should go to Wisconsin! Lol
Carwash, new bike tire and I'll be ready to roll
EVEN ONE DAY I'll meet you '.
Another hot day today......
Landed in Orlando last night; not working definitely has got advantages. I highly recommend Airtran, first time on an LCC, and it rocks!
Bring me along..Bring me along!! Ohhhwhoaaa take me anywhere with you my girl!! Why can't it be June 15th already I'm in full Pepper mode.
A. Chase Budinger
If one word could sum up the way I am feeling it would be: Karōshi
correction: no one is going to believe the fake ID you made with photoshop 2 and a color printer.
is going to be on #ninelivesofchloeking tonight!!! I'm soo excited!
Still thinking of what to do for celebrity day... any ideas?
Ravens Sunday= Free Sonic Purple Slushes> Just ask> Limit 1, No other discounts>valid today@ 8212 Liberty Rd>Try the new $1.99 toaster melts
I love when mom calls to offer me some of her prescription drugs. once cured a severe cold in a day w aids meds my dr aunt gave here.
Your full of it... I'm done trying to be nice, and dealing with all this BS! I'm not gonna feed in. I'm just gonna kill you with kindness.😊
What is a biology teacher's best tool? What is the one thing you can't teach without?
They truly did deserve it and we can't wait to have them come to San Diego!
brb gunna kill myself
winning!! studio!!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence
My favorite part of Saving Aimee - Kassim!
Get your Grandad Turner(feat. ) yet ? #4 on Billboard (jazz albums). this & other on iTunes
Oh dear. Hope things get better for you soon.
Pacers lose.....again. Wake up pacers organization. I think a change in leadership is needed.
you poor child :(
RT : - Hi there! I sure do have a blog - still trying to find my voice though. Here ya go - housefulofnicholes.blogspot.com
Did any of our followers participate in the Shamrock Shuffle today?
Festival opening night! #MFF2011!
Don't forget Rotton Wisdom. Peep us on Pandora. Thanks peace
I bit my tongue earlier and now i cant stop biting it. uggggghhh it hurts
#BadBasketballPuns She told me she wanted to
won symphony tickets and $100, kicking ass @ the trivia cruise this weekend
what the F?
Suffering from a bad case of 'I don't wannas' this morning but life is kinda smacking me upside the head & saying "Shut up & do it anyway"!
its like 1:52 its lunch but u look like me cuz n big fan true jackson vp is the best tv shoow eva
I found your Load Storm tool site. Awesome tool! How does the licensing work? I'd like to use it for a VMworld lab.
we're so excited to work with you!
Two Words: John Carter.
HAHA yea, where's the tall brunette on the menu !
My ex husband and his brother had been out drinking, and were pulled over at the end of our block. The ex passed the field sobriety tests...
Shes so lucky:)
While you're hopping you may as well rinse off, I suppose.
#ff a shout out to all this friday
Autumn in New York City. Finally.
Daniel Webb needs to stop pooping his swim trunks and farting in enclosed spaces for ALL to smell!
deleted it :-)
Testing: hello facebook
me too! Ps nice article!
Thanks, Dave! It was a small conference (100 ppl) but very worth it.
Your farts smell like vanilla
she was asking me how to sign up lol ": lmao my mother became a Street Teamer on my mailing list lmfaoooo"
Apparently I passed all my classes this semester. 👍😁 guess it won't hurt to do summer school.
haha I really don't know..I must have hurt it during dance
Man Ziss Lens Rock
LOL. Hayleigh tweeted it from my phone at lunch and it won't delete
YEAH for Season 2 of #Suits If I get this job in Chicago it will be the reason why I get cable faster after moving in!!!
what u ridin girl???...u betta behave....
now do the bourne movies.
Nice visit to Allora Vineyards, St Helena, #Napa. Small, family owned/run producer of interesting cuvees. Like Napa used to be.
If I choose you over sleep, you better feel fucking special.
Lots of dads and kids fishing at Wingra Park this morning!
lol I'll make sure to put money on the side to buy you that red electric wheel chair :P
NEW TWITTER !
Haha. Well truth be told, we've been saying nasty things about you for weeks and I thought it was time to tell you.
just saluted a stranger on the street...but why??
I am noticing CNN usually picks things up about a day or so after it hits the Net. Bring back Walter Cronkite!
Wow. I didn't know Jennifer Morrison had it in her to act like that.
your welcome Jann and thank you! :*
RT - July 2nd and the tribe are in 1st place. That's right people Indians. As in Cleveland in 1st place. Where are al...
I'm not the only one. "RT : It's sick how much I love the fact that Withings data can integrate with fitbit, RunKeeper, etc."
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we unfortunately didnt have to provide us with insightful and educational information on IT topics!
Fucking A. Seriously? When is the Chamber of Secrets gonna be open on Pottermore? It's past "early 2012". Just sayin'.
And let the excuses begin!
hey tweeters, do you love the performing arts? Then start following this incredible theatre company based here in DC!
- Thanks Victoria! Hope you're having a great weekend.
Who wants to go see wiz Khalifa wed with me
Thought the macaroni box said sexiest macaroni there is.
It was our pleasure! Can't wait to see the episode. Watch out for those racoons!
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
We would pick the one day of the year that Ft Myers only bridge is closed for the morning.
The rocket summer/switchfoot concert tonight in asheville!
great to see you at the UPAF Kick-Off yesterday, too!
my friend tells me what she likes about me is that i am a positive person. so true but sometimes it's a burden.
oh just wondering how much time difference there was between us!
I think these niggas out here reading lips, salty we the only niggas eating chips
seriously. when can i see you?
we were there-trust...just not by choice
It's terrible.
You really think fan interest will return if Bucks push towards .500? That's the worst place to be in the NBA.
lol yea once a year! Go get up more than that buddy!
Why can't the judges stand up for Jessica, she sounded better than Joshua!! Not fair
4 Yrs $85 Millions with a Team Option of $25 Millions for a 5th year.
Sorry if your account says we've followed you 4 times over - twitter isn't showing we've followed folks we know we have!
Yay Everton! & happy with Spurs of course. James and rest of footy world still reeling from City/MUFC matters.
haha. Awesome I'm Physic !!! John cena and the rock !!! Tag team !!! lmfaoo !!!! =» eve and kelly kelly now !! Hahha
ur not hungry? Omg call 911! Ill eat for u!
I don't love you, like I did, yesterday.
Thanks to BizJournalMke and for posting about the Grand Ave!
"Midnight in Paris" reached $52.9 US and $98.9 globally as of Monday.
Does that necessitate three exclamation points?
John Richards () killin' it this morning ! Heard Joy Division and Kermit the Frog!
Awww...Thanks, Lola!
Good problem to have. Shoot an email to and I'll get you connected with the folks who can make this happen!
I will NEVER smoke another cigar in my life again! Same with He said maybe he will.
Besides being witness to an insane car crash where the lady turned into the oncoming car, my day is going just fine, thanks.
i must be running on sunshine, ain't no rain gettin in my way
Thanks - great tips! RT Using iPhone to shot video? Touch the square over the subject to keep the subject in focus.
I love how my parents call me dumb..
I know bahahaa
no doubt as a journalist I think you have to test every social media option. It doesn't work for me but hey who am I
Too late... We're at home watching Sounders Vs Dynamo...
Hey Milwaukee! Come workout for FREE every Sunday down at Bradford beach @ 10:30am! (@ FREE Milwaukee Bootcamp - Sunday Funday Bootcamp)
In which we attend a wine dinner & decide to cap off the night with a margarita. Best evahhhhhh
ugh.. Good luck man, I'm sure you will be just fine
Having fun screen printing simulated process & full color process prints.
Thanks for the support!
I have an over abundance of snow peas from the garden. Anyone have a creative way to preserve them?
So excited to play at our new release show tonight after sets from & Doors @ 8 | Show @ 9.
Deadlands y'all!!!
you're nicer than my bigger sister haha
TELL ME I'M A SCREWED UP MESS, THAT I NEVER LISTEN LISTEN! TELL ME YOU DON'T WANT MY KISS, THAT YOU NEED YOUR DISTANCE, DISTANCE
you are an amazing person and i love your smile((; and am so happy you were in rebecca's music video!! please follow me <3
Douche move #153: When you should be conversing and you find yourself SCREAMING and SWEARING...you are a douche. You're welcome.
Smoke makes gum taste gross.....
I keep wanting 2 change the channel but my love 😍4 pooch hall is forcing me 2 watch this terrible movie 😞
whats up people i need you all to follow me also check out my music
LOL HOW DID HE DO IT THAT WIZARD
VERY proud of her! That combined with Today's TMJ4 and you'll be well covered with severe weather!!!!
probably going to be free... acoustic show
Romney having veep candidates go through vet process. I don't think his vet would've approved the car roof traveling though.
dawww. de coltey baby is growing up :)
I hate it when Draw Something asks me to draw Pegasus for people who have never seen the Disney movie 'Hercules'
But she loves you!!
Reed Johnson with a walk of homerun????? Never thought I'd see the day.
You don't have to be first. Just be right. RT : Scott Skiles confirms he will return as #Bucks coach for next season.
Snow flurries began the moment I left the house, so yes on the freezing.
Not fair we still in school
I'm like a kenyan running a marathon, but I'm a drunk in
yes!!! Me too for my birthday!
Milwaukee City Transit System <<<<
ugh! Just UGH!!!
Great blog post ! Kept us in suspense. Everyone is asking what the fish measured?
did u? Where?
Yes, absolutely. :( Definitely sticking with it. It's not worth it.
Please send your contact info to
Out of the hospital! :D
Heck to the YES! Thanks, I promise I'm a real person and not a spammer! I DO need your social security number though... (J/K)
My friends think the most interesting man in the world is planking the final boss of the internet. Challenge accepted. Come at me, bro.
do u like fish
lol for secret service on duty... yes I am!
lol. My point exactly.
": Its a Thin Line between Love & Hate no its a thin line between fries n shakes lol
Iran or Arizona?
is it just me or did tumblr change it's font...?
When laughing, bodies produce more neurotransmitters for memory and alertness...so laugh!
We are hosting a Lunch & Learn opportunity for anyone interested, clients and associates. Our first one for 2012 will be held on January 20…
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to musicians that have influenced their lives! check us out?
wow, it is a gorgeous day in san francisco!
I will for sure :]
"There is a slideshow, and it's so slow - flashing through my mind. Today was the day...but only for the first time." ::travis::slide show::
Haha that's so cute! Was he just that cold?
#milwaukee We make custom products! Stop in, ask questions, get ideas on how to complete your project
It won't stop. Make it stop!
Gearing up to write new screenplay and getting ready for my next role... Getting ready to set up with an acting coach. Missing my kids...
I SPEND SO MUCH TIME ON PRODUCTIVITY TOOLS THAT I AM ACTUALLY NOT PRODUCTIVE
Hey wana go sunday? me and my friend whitney is seeing it on sunday
Thank you for the mention! If you have any questions about my positions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for...
Everything about her is PHAT RT : The dude that called Adele"Fat" is an idiot. The only thing "Fat" about Adele is her paycheck.
I beez in the trap.
Cherry all day. I don't even want to know what kind of crap they're printing on those banana ones.
who would you compare Barron too? I don't see the Berry or Thomas comp. Not sure I see him as a top safety, but draft is so thin.
Me too! Thanks! Have a good day...
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
love when that happens
At home:)
Damn, they have badass shoes. Lol.
im about to come up your house and go to sleeepp. cause im scared if im sleeping my mom will ne like why you so tired lol
Life Marches On! Live Each Day To The Fullest!
Practicing when your sick is the worst! But I'm excited! Even though I'm gonna die(:
That's a role compared to batting under .100
It's only after we've lost everything that we are free to do anything.
Old news buddy, had it at Piper's yesterday. It was unreal, even better than I remember.
just focus on the beer!
not a bad idea -- i can certainly do a fedora/solr/blacklight VM; beyond that are a lot of missing pieces for a full UI..
No problem Michael, glad I could help, I always appreciate it when people point out a bug on my servers.
I'm a coconut black outside and white inside
Alright, I have been dreaming of a site that aggregates all my social media sites into one...alas was found!
Do you like fish sticks? Do you like fish sticks in your mouth? What are you a gay fish? Fish dicks!
/// I've noticed a lot of Laker fans tweeting "Kobe would've made that shot.".......did he do anything against OKC last night?? [crickets]
yah it's a total deal-breaker for me if a guy I meet isn't into hockey. C'monnnn man. Lol
Dr. Antonio Flores President & CEO of HACU will be at USD on 2/21 at 4 PM in MRH Auditorium. Dr. Flores will chat about the future of HSIs.
Girls get fed up over all the bs and when they do they can hurt you just as bad as you hurt them...
#oomf is beautiful. Inside & out. Her personality is just as beautiful as her voice. Can't wait to see her on
Over a third or 33.9% of U.S. adults are obesed and by 2030 about 42% will be obesed, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported.
Brio Flatiron Branzino, Mediterranean Sea Bass With roasted Potatoes grilled string breans
Thanks, Sec. Duncan & Dr. Alonso, for coming out to play and for support of recess!
They are indeed. Hehe
Congrats! How do mummies celebrate?
Welcome and thank you to all our new followers. Look forward to connecting with you all.
Hope everyone has a GREAT weekend!
Which and JOJ songs were your favorites (to perform or liked the most)?
Wow we are busy. Thanks for the no show. Joshua
Me and my twin are going matching tomorrow :D
Improvised diner at Meza in Cap Hill, and loving it!
This week needs to be over
Yes, we would like to be considered for best desserts. That would be cool.
Not let Iran go nuclear a$$.
been glued to the tv watching the #CaseyAnthony trial for a few days now.. its like a reality show + extra reality
Read about Disney doing customer service consulting. Hm. I will take the STARBUCKS experience over the Mouse any day.
Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Anyone have any good stories from the field or court?
This white dude is about to get slapped in the face.
I got the best present I could've get, but one thing is missing. to follow me! :)
thats a good thing but i can tell its kinda gettin to him lately. he's still tryin to juggle work/us but he's doin ok it seems.
What can/must be done in order to end all major problems (poverty, unemployment, homelessness, crimes, hunger, etcetera) of Earth humans?
you should be able to get Yuni in the 4rd as a steal!
at the next Thursday is sold out, but you can win tickets and find out about other great shows on the
While u all up on titter
lmaao for real dude! This thing loves me :') its my new bestfriend <3
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music
i lost my voice from the concert last night, but its worth it!
i love you!
#NM, please be safe during this storm!
Consider said marshmallows routed (and yes!)
I really did not tweet jack you! my guess is the cats
Congrats man....In 15 yrs as an NFL agent, I have never had a GM call me so many times to sign my clients UNTIL NOW w you!
At Church And Fredo's Fine Ass Just Walked In ;)
Brett Favre has not yet been cleared from his concussion. Will he play tomorrow? Yes or No?
I hope that manager nigguh calls me back tomorow for a interview , I don't like depending on others for money.
no problem!
Cmon you know it only plays "One Less Lonely Girl." #paymoreattention ;)
Quote by Horace Mann -Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity -comes to mind watching tedx youth day prez.
These are my own fault so why I'm even crying.
Come see #TheOysterPrincess tonight with a live score from #BeeVsMoth at 9p
Such a treat to have a great convo with a great friend. is a woman wise beyond her years! Thanks for tonight :-)
#houseofblues just launched a brand new #restaurant Crossroads at House of Blues! Come check out the brand new amazing #food in
#bruins GOAL!!!
So quick to hate and so hard to love
that or we will all be paying this new amazing trend of RSD12 EBay hike the price Bullshit.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Reach Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
Stephen Jackson on the spurs...
I'm good, wbu Youngster??
Woe up earlyAF, soar throat, went back to sleep, now running a little behind and may be late to class..
you need a man like you need rat poison in your cereal.
I like exercise to relieve stress. What do you recommend?
"Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity." -St. Augustine
Wow, thank you so much for helping me reunite with my community with plane tickets
Thanks for coming out! We hope you had a great time!
Really looking forward to the gym💪
i really like being online at the same time as the boys aw
2012 Goal #10: Feel good about completing Monticelloman Sprint Triathlon. Feel good about the run and the knowledge that my knee is good.
It's too early to be awake. Have to head to Indy for IGS board meeting.
Thanks for the shoutout!
well that would explain the epic fail. Who did DW7? Has it been the same producer the whole time other than DW6? Really it is? Huh
for real? can't tell if you're joking, but that's the most fucked concept for a strip club imaginable.
Back in 2003 on Presidents Day: TWO FEET of snow. Wouldn't mind that today at all.
Where can I get a Twitter #Election2012 tee?
Make sure that good stuff still in that Sprite
Happy Mother's Day! Mothers make a positive difference in their children's lives.
Commissioner is on his way to meet me n the photographer clifford dickson
Started a spreadsheet to track duplicative bib records I don't have authority to resolve. Next up: spreadsheet to track my spreadsheets?
haha I mean do whatchu do! It's all good.
I didn't get your Mother's Day wish, but I accept it now. Steve is awesome. The kitties are now living with Whitney Hoffman
YOU GOT A BAD ASS BACKGROUND ;)
is Wil still part of ive been trying to contact him about the gruesome death of tommy pistol.
It's still a trek, but a bit more to it now. Like
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. ~ Dave Barry
Satisfying win. I think we call all agree on that! Roll Tribe, a 5-4 W!
-- it was really great briefly meeting you after the panel today. "Oprah still means something...."
#colts news conference on now - Irsay now at the podium
Thanks, we had a fun day!
good luck packing!
watching a documentary on some guy walking a tight rope between the world trade centers. never in my life.
Library Program today, looking for ushers for MML, and gearing up for our Beginning Acting Workshop.
Okay, cool. We weren't fighting :)
Thanks for the follow miss
30 rock pulled off saying "jack-off" on primetime. South park would be proud.
RT:New artists or DJs,start w/ what you CAN do. Get a YouTube channel, be compelling.No one is stopping you
I had so much fun last night thanks
Memories don't live like people do... They ALWAYS remember you.. Whether things are good or bad... It's just the MEMORIES!! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!
Too, too kind.
Hey #Wausau Folks: WAOW and WSAW will have unclaimed property stories tonight - make sure to check them both out!
Heat will when by double figures. RT : DWade scoreless in the first half.
I will check it out. Flipping Boston isn't too exciting!
There's a smile on my face when I'm broken inside...
: T. Ridge & L. Freeh back online #poker licensing. Please back Rep. Barton's HR 2366 at the 10/25 hearing!
book u can't sleep tomorrow haha
im not a star somebody lied a nigga play around with me somebody die.
I'm not surprised! It was very obvious, especially when you were thanked in the end credits.
I kinda like it when Ron Paul gets all fired up. I find it amusing.
Lol right, I wish I can go all out like I want to but Im doing what I call "ballin on a budget" lol
of course they did.
JMU graduation, cinco de mayo, and 's bachelorette party. what a happy day today shall be!
Sorry, can't. Attending the ITA CityLights event.
National Travel & Tourism Week begins tomorrow! What are you doing to celebrate this weekend?
I Knowww Omg and Thanks... And No Big Diff... So What You Did Today
bestie I'm exhuasted. I had to work from 4pm to 12midnight then stay at my store and open up at 5am due to the door wouldn't loc
iOS 6, what I want: A system to allow and buy tweaks, widgets, themes, etc. as well as normal apps that are approved by apple
He wasn't on bench; he was at the concession stand. LOL Got a pic of him!!
another epic friday at the library. prepping for visit tomorrow! very excited to learn more about the two weymouths!
Chipped black nail polish! :)
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery
OMFG. RT : If you're havin' life problems I feel bad for you son. I got 99 problems and your capslock tweet is one.
I wanna feel reckless. I wanna live it up, just because. I wanna feel weightless, cause that would be enough. "Weightless" by All Time Low
she can no longer bring movies. . .ever
Me too baby! ": :Ding lol"
#Breakfast #Baltimore #FarmersMarket (saving the vegan cookie for later)
ends with question we need to ask "am i living up to academic practices or academic norms?"
I am home, exhausted, but really, really inspired by an amazing team and amazing fans, thanks!
There is a certain subconscious expectation when I buy a burrito from Chipotle that I will not be awake for long...
2 new paintings finished! One of them (24" x 72") has taken me forever to finish. If all goes well I'll photograph them both tomorrow!
Kay sweet I got it!!(:
Does anybody wear a 3XL?
POSITIVE MINDS..THINK ALIKE :)
I like life.
Hope today is a good day :))
Peyton Manning here in Denver not sure how I feel about it?
"He go and make breakfast... you walk around naked."
How long do you keep eating the Tigers cornbread before you say man this team has some issues
mourning the death of Steve Jobs on something he created. Forever grateful.
lets go!
People that Made Me Smile Everyday & <3 :D
I had so much fun today with at Jungle Jim's!!! :D
Ha Ha Ha ha ==>I. Be on fb foolin
Two Jordans on the Lakers today. Durant and Westbrook losing their youthful edge..
RT i don't know why they say a girl's best friend is diamonds when in reality all women adore pumpkin flavoured coffee
Watching Law & Order and wondering how I made it out of NYC alive this weekend.
Good suggestions, but emphasis on healthy relationship over slow jams. I guess B's Love On Top would count, but..
thanks, but no thanks...
Yurrp I'm in solon right now at my ppl cookout...what you in2 RT : you in town bro
Can I get a refill. :-)
watch out! (crash!)
welcome aboard!!!
it's perfectly normal for me to pretend I'm the #barefootcontessa when I use pricey cheese in grilled cheese sandwiches xo
thanks! :) whats up?
A fuck niggaaaaaa , thats that shit that i dont like . Fake shoes that's that shit I don't like .
Got neg. ppl in ur circle of friends? Make the circle a little tighter.
I spilled a popsicle on me on Sunday. And my arm still has red dye on it.
Hoping that #CPSiliconValley will include highlights from Brasil, México, etc.
The winner of the VIP table at Smokin Hot Aces tonight is !!Congrats!! Please reply/confirm by 7pm
I can dig that!!
Working late finishing a semester's worth of grading, digging your grooves. Thanks.
I agree! I don't think I'd ever want to use one, either. Those who tout them are often pretty aggressive marketers.
...and what's that?
No prepurchasing, unfortunately. Its going to be first come, first served. RT : Can tickets be prepurchased?
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation. ~Author Unknown
Better make sure those are some heavy-duty earplugs if the LRAD gets used. Beyond loud, possibly damaging.
Impressive Established Leaders panel! Purdue black alums are doing some amazing things.
A healthy, low-calorie "ice cream" from # Tastes like the real thing, I swear!
hope you are having an awesome day! Xo
Feels good to not get stuck in the cluster funk that is the red line during rush hour
. thank you for your support. If you have any friends who haven't yet voted, now's the time to get them out!
I just finished a 1.81 mi run with a time of 22:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Watching charity basketball (no defense) > watching Spaziani (no balls)
At Cal Expo for the CHiPs for Kids toy drive! Come out and hang with us, and Fat Lever! Don't forget ur new, unwrapped toy!
Don't think just do!! RT : Thinking I may go down to to check out His production is fire.
I certainly got my cardio in for the year!!!
I'm working on a new one!
Ate at Veerasway last night. On Randolph. Very nice, service was great, food has some kick. Drinks are strong. Thumbs up.
i was sitting in the middle of Math 120 this morning, and about half way through i felt searing pain all over. I don't think thats good :(
what a day, what a day! Seattle, I love your schizo weather sometimes.
I have gotten So many emails about supporting gay marriage...we all knew he was getting to it!
congrats on winning some free tea. Who doesn't like free tea? DM us what you would like. Thank for hooking it up
My manager is two hours late....oh I am about to be so fucking pissed if I drove down here for nothing
I wish book club would just die
There are just some days I really dislike my alarm clock and today is one of them!!!!
is almost finished our next behind the scenes video with En Fuego, and !!
Me too on that site. Love windowshopping. Buying... Not so much.
Just finished Alice LaPlante's Turn of Mind.
I say is officially a Texan. Happy first week my friend!
you didn't follow me, but I followed you, follow back ? (:
yessir it's gonna be an epic nite!
“: Wish today was Saturday” I'd like to redo saturday.
What a great morning in #Chicago!
a lion or a snake..idr some type of animal
I ripped open my back...
Oh bbyy , You're welcome .(;
Hate period pains
I dont believe in that Expensive power balance bracelet!
that picture was legendary
These articles cover what we spoke about last week. students learn writing skills from immersing one's self in social sites.
Even at higher genetic heart risk, lifestyle helps
#GoodMorning #twitter I'm up bright an early and I have no school!
As just said, this #Rockets season began w/ The Veto & it's ending w/ The Losing Streak. Could not have been more painful.
Today's Soups: Clam Chowder, Chicken Noodle, & Chili
“: Rihanna wears “Cunt” necklace to church. That’s the most awful thing she’s had around her neck since Chris Brown’s hands!”
