Turning tricks!
was here hacking yooo shit cause i made it :D
On vacation,listening to a playlist of and by the pool. Translation:I'm a happy camper.
Forgot to get the lil man snacks for preschool..snacks that start with 'W'
Twitter seems to be working properly again on my Droid. Yay!
Great clothing swap party!! New clothes for free! yay!!! :)
hey mason(:
that's a laugh out loud tweet.
I have no appetite, this blows...
Tired need a nap! Can't take one though b/c teachers like to give me homework b/c they think I don't have a life outside of school smh -__-!
RT this if you want to be in our next video!!
It smells nasty in here o:
Im just trying to get you back . Lol yeep :)
yea i have
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I like it, looks cool! It's a little off center on Chrome at least though.
That's cool! I'm sure it will be good. An old student of mine might get hired by Apple soon. I'm a reference.
Damnit! I would rather be doing that then hanging out here :-(
doesn't think outside the box...he thinks inside the box, he just goes deeper
happy birthday...its mine too :)
Liking Chris' eastside google map mashup idea for my #buildmadison project.
Really paranoid about bees today. Not helping that I wore a sweet perfume & am chewing fruity gum.
Joe Lacob needs a hug. haha. the boo birds ain't playing.
Volunteer Orientation at Sacramento Animal Control is tonight. I promise not to leave with anymore dogs...maybe..
give kristen what he deserves i love you all your fans a counting on you :)
I hate how some people in twitter have fake pictures.
But his name's so fun to say! MT Nick Markakis of the #Orioles really bugs me. Stats show he is an average hitter at best.
hopes that everyone has a lovely and safe new year's eve! i wonder what #2012 has in store for each of us?? hopefully happiness and health!
The elected officials and the general body must work together, and do what's best for the general organization.
I like a girl that's
Who plans on getting lunch or dinner today at Beef Burger as it celebrates its 51st anniversary?
Enjoy decadent cocktails, delicious wine pairings and a cozy atmosphere this Valentine's Day. Still tables avail for tonight!...
yes someone to save eve
I can help :-) www.prbynatalie.com lol “: Did you know that an average married couple makes love 98 times per year.”
The engineer's first problem in any design situation is to discover what the problem really is...
Attn: Lucy Tiven Do you still have my copy of "The Good Life" by Thax Douglas? Did you at least read it? Thanks, Andrew Irvin
I found my watch
thanks for the info. Where can I find out more about your project? Good luck!!!!
Damn cereone looked good. Hook that kid up with a title shot this year Dana
I need another tan....
#SOTU over and out..
Are you serious? 😜
I'll kill you! My keys smell like nasty metal and they're greasy.
We're on the train to Bangkok aboard the Thailand Express!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet for sure ain't no doubt ill go crazy if ill meet him , ill start to cry like a lil bitch lmaoo
No WAY! RT : Platypuses are poisonous.
Your last year of high school is freaking expensive 👎
waaaaah you're a but ;P
Did anybody else see that ad suggesting we should take our moms to Hooters for Mothers' Day? They confused Sunday for Fathers' Day.
happy birthday baby girl 😘
Haha, I thought you were being sarcastic. I will do that, sir.
<fist bump>
next time, on air!
#DisSummaries: disdainful, dismissive summaries in a dissertation
I don't see how that's an error on me. It wasn't a great throw, but that's catchable. I mean really.
Karaoke tonight I think yea !!
Woot! Thanks for listening to , y'all!
Thx for the mention, Bridget... hope all is well in your world! xoxo J
Like any good Christian brother, I hope to see drowning in a puddle of his own green and yellow tears in about 4 hours.
Mark Sanchez's dogs name is Judas
Is LeBron out there?
i did follow you. follow back?
need as many likes on computers , thanks to all i follow or my followers, have a blessed day
The trees reflected in the river -- they are unconscious of a spiritual world so near to them. So are we.
A musical legend is a fan of "The Beautified Project"!! Follow us and find out who!
hey - how are you liking my #Boston now ;)
Oh look, Tottenham is playing Manchester City right now...
I wish Briana was here to see this, she would be cracking up lol
IM PUTTIN THE MAGIC TRAPPER BOOK PAD DOWN....GOD SHOWED ME A DIFF. WAY....
I just grabbed my hand sanitizer, thinking it was my water, and almost took a drink.
you have a good time last night buddy?!
I like "Mercy" by Kanye West; I also liked it a few years ago when it was known as "Still Tippin'" by Slim Thug.
NEED sleep but not gonna till the winner is announced :-)
Having a tough time getting anything going. Let's see if I can double up in this last level
#followfriday #atlanta what's good
Happy Birthday to our very own SHAWNA! :)
If Evelyn feels so bad for Kesha why would she put dead fish in her room?
dj shy and dj dario from power 98 will be in da mix 2marrow at the state capitol
Slam dunk contest would be better with midgets and little tikes hoops. Boo
Why is there nothing on TV at night.
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you like me how I am
A study done by Loyola College showed color invoices get paid 30% faster than black and white! Call us for details 303-778-0600
I applaud him for that. And respect him for wanting to choose the best fit for him not for everyone else.
Just booked a sweet show in june by the
#tlg2012 Don't forget to get your tickets for conference festival, 3B's, tonight. Stop by Alliance booth.
I cant sleep cause earlier i recieved a text saying cops came by and told us some guy called 911 and is gonna shoot as many as hes can
Its been a while but I'm back to tweetin
After work nap :) till I sleep
It was the celebration of my dreams.
It's been a week since the #hungerchallenge started! Eating on a food stamp budget can't be easy, have people started to feel the pain yet?
": Sleep sleep sleep. I need more sleep."
I just set a reminder to remind me to look at my notes that were intended to remind me of things on the first place.
really,when?and how does it work?
Rich Ross out at Disney. Wow.
Look-another old white man on American Idol! Some of them (Joe Cocker!) are awesome, but seriously...what happened to contemporary artists?
You win some, and then you lose some.
Your mom.
feeling better now. #420 @
im not wasting my tears over you, are you fucking kidding me? i have better things to do than to waste the liquid in my eyes over u, bitch.
I'm imagining myself eating a sundae right now. M. Imaginary sundae.
I wear slip-on sneakers. Minimal effort with maximum results.
were u in the new hiphop room? I was there
I will take your Bitch and turn her into everybody Bitch- Lil Wayne
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.
No midnight worship tonight....
Are you going to be doing a tutorial on your blog for it?
I can't tell if I replied to any of these or not..It doesn't show me. Lmao. I'm PRETTY sure I did. xD
Really?! Cobbler? What a coincidence! Are you going to a movie next? Perhaps Iron Man?
Big THANKS to my new photographer :)
But since he wants to be a douche bag and cry about something so stupid. I'll let him hate on me all he wants.
Thanks ! We at BAA are very excited too!
Do you think an amendment should be added to the Constitution to officially define the federal bureaucracy as the 4th branch of government?
WHAT DID I TELL YOU.
excellent English.
U said u were the better man.... But all i c see and hear is the same bullshit again...
Yesterday was the day from hell. No. Really.
you drink that stuff? if so, how?
Austin likes any kind of girl. (:
Should I get McDonalds before my meet or bad idea hm...
#23 "If ur looking at things u shouldn't be looking at, sooner or later u will be doing things u shouldn't do." -
MT So pleased that people took the time today to recollect and honor teachers that changed their lives
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank. ~ Woody Allen
Being in the Piney Woods of E Texas reminds me what the night sky is supposed to look like: it's dark & there's more up there than Orion!
Thanks alot rain , yuh fucked up my hair -_- & now my boots are wet !
Did you know 12 oz of beer = 1.5 oz of 80 proof liquor?
i rub off on you.
No way! The Pack is going to be out in force tonight...that's a whole lotta mass for one row of chairs
naw mean i love ya
YES! We will post the link this week after final bib assignments are done. Online Registration ends tomorrow, so it won't be long!
- please check out the website www.engagementexpo.com and www.loyaltyexpo.com Thx Mark Johnson 513-290-5147
LOST DOG ALERT! Near downtown. Red, female pitbull. Spotted this morning. If you see her, please call or text 317-215-1387....
Look out , is done with exams.
Know the names of your partner's friends and ask to tell you stories about them. Its a great way to show that you care.
how often we are dissatisfied at either end of an extreme but instead of seeking balance we push further into the extreme hoping for relief
Both. Foundation of beer, then shots as nitro to push through checkered flag. Or checkered toilet bowl. Whatevs.
People are mad funny.. Just watching people at the gym..
House Strain BELLA ROMULAn featured as NUGSHOTS Strain of the Month MOTA Mag July Issue! SD City Council Repealed Ban 10-2 Yesterday!!! :)
downloading yet another poker site...I will find one that I can win on eventually!
late lunch? Try our Chinese Chicken Salad ToGo! Call 214.742.3873 to order now!
where you parking? Canal St but Shh it's a secret
Oh, yeah, saw Swervedriver at the Bottom Lounge last night. Amazing show.
you could come relax with me if you want!
Quality is an excuse for lack of quantity
In the groovy 60s we were singing “Where have all the flowers gone?” Could a day come when we’ll sing the same about the honeybees?
Grateful for Sundays, to rest, recreate and recharge for the week ahead . . .
Where are you ?
I play the same song, over and over cause it reminds me of you.
glad to be one of the lucky ones!
He's in Gemstone. Not a good thing at all.
Like Wesley Snipes I'm Riding On That
Congrats to you, Del!
Drank a lovely Kir Royale last night...forgot how simple and stylish Champ and Creme de Cassis can be
we new tweetaaaaa :D
Asian supplier getting more queries about key resin Ube Industries, Asia's largest producer of the crucial PA-12 resin used in cars, said
My dumm ass just found out I could disable the dlc maps on #mw3 & u will get nothing but low ranking noobs will try when I get home #rape 
#IDidNotMakeTheRulesIJustFollowThem That's because the economy is always more important than nature
Yesterday was the best night of my life, by far.
Yes! Sometimes we like to sucker punch in the introduction, sometimes we spread little truth bombs throughout. Enjoy!
God is great, beer is good & cats are crazy
RT : Joint social event w/ Rotaract in #JCMO on 12.8.11 at Spectators. Bring a can - or a bunch - to help !
don't have a dirty mind... I have a sexy imagination! ^_^
Bailey had a bad inning!!! I hate him!! Why is he even in the majors?? Time to cut him and start Chapman!!! #FireDusty!
Bilderberg meets to coordinate the global meltdown u c today. Meeting of dumb n dumber
Great #xcskiing at Deer Grove today. Cold and sunny, reasonably fast. 16k in 1:50h. Got another blister, but it was worth it.
you soo funny!!! when are you performing in nyc next?
you are so hot.
Has anyone ever bought a suit from Joseph A Bank? Is the buy one get 2 free deal worth it? Or will we just have 3 crappy suits?
Casey Anthony is the most remarkable liar I've ever witnessed. I can't be alone in this but I know I'd be DONE if I were a juror! DONE.
3 months is too long with my Russian!
They choke? RT It's like MMA. But for actors.
I am off to find me a gypsy. And eat copious amounts of hummus. Don't be jealous.
“: Asher told me he really liked my poof this morning. Ha ha” love it!
for dinner!
About to take this online defensive driving course...
Part 4: Too often we seem to hurt the ones closest to our hearts. And we let the most foolish things and people tear us apart.
Nope, definitely GroupMe. Look at the other spam-like GroupMe tweets in the Twitterverse....no warning.
I just got the gentlest airport pat-down. Either the rules have changed, or this fellow was a gentleman.
enjoying an evening of Ghost Hunters and Destination Truth. Ah...
The West's framework of meaning….
Did 5 miles today
Every time I see a picture of Karl Rove, I can't help but think that his neck is trying to swallow his face.
RT : Easter brunch? Take ’s class 4/16 to become a pro at savory egg pudding, grits soufflé , & streusel Bundt cake.
RIP Amy Winehouse
It is What it is.
i'm a big fan good to see u tonite and get the win
Thanks for following! I Love the Name of Your TOUR!
yeah...just when u needed them the most. GO FIGURE!
OMG too many things *dies*
#TEAMRETWEET JOIN THE TEAM
lmao I mean it wasn't amazing but it was cool...ok try something like a business
Tango music , groovy
Viqueens. he knows the system. Shanahan has run him out of DC
lol that night was bomb!!
My friend Nick's nickname is Name. Wait, that's not right. I hate that guy.
Thanks! :) TeresaY Have a lovely evening.
Like could this dude go any slower
Game 7 in LA.
Watching a movie
Just finished press conf with r Barrera. N Fletcher bill Freeman asking City ccdc to excelerate redevelopment $ to schools
I bet Zuckerberg didn't "like" that
The next week and a half is going to drag by
great talk last night.
please. I have more speeding tickets than anyone. #leadfoot they will recruit me to drive nascar
ooh! You didn't use three words! :o Lmao I kid. I kid. :') And calm down! o.O
PEANUT BUTTER cheesecake! With chocolate glaze!
you have me chills last night! AMAZING!
buy me one and send it to me in my po box that im getting soon
Fuck em with your Vans on! ;D
HA!! What a great photograph!
making up stories about the woman who walks her dog on my morning driving route
Once Austin meets me, he won't be single anymore..(;
If I let you borrow my #JCole #ColeWorld #SidelineStory album,
We will be there! RT Town hall meetings in OKC today @ 11:30a. Details here: goo.gl/jj7Pd
and looking at Twitter isn't helping!
Last day of old menu Get it before its gone! Happy Hr 4-6 $2 off bar & apps. Wine Wed 6-10 $6 glasses & 25% of bottles
I told myself a year ago I refuse to get Sperries until I see high tops with my name on them. Ask & you shall receive 👌😘
I was able to do an entire 15 min ab workout while mom was sitting on the toilet
I hav a crush on Victor <3
but me and my friends are going to see it in a hour D:
stop tagging pictures of himself in pictures even when he's not in them
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to seeing you guys at Green Drinks tonight!
": #WHATAFEELING When your crush Messages You." and then says something that makes u realize u weren't the intended receiver
other peoples' lives seem interesting cuz they ain't mine
RT just got our copy of a fun new guide to chicago dining by jennifer olvera. yfrog.com/kfacfhp
Happy Mom's Day to you also!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time." ~Betty Smith
Hoping for some real spring soon, blizzards are fine for winter, but not in March!!!
Happy Halloween! What are you being this year, tell us!!! Stop by the stores for a quick in between treat, we want to see your costume!
I forgot already. Spank away.
glad finally learned what the scan button did on the radio this weekend, but who still listens to the radio anyway?
This concert had no intermission either. I actually had to leave the audio rolling to go use the bathroom, the audience must've been dying
Whenever you accidentally burp in the movies. And the guy in front of you turns around and laughs.
Derangement,Desperation, Self-Destractiveness
Getting nervous K-Rod will accept arb tonight. Love him setting-up but not at $13M. And, will he be content at setup and not cry?
Thanks for the Re-Tweet!!!!
Not that hard to believe RT : Hard to believe, but #Mariners 0-for-48 w/4BB and 21K vs. Neftali Feliz.
RT : ": Sipping #clear10 n da middle of da day wit my pinky finger up... Feeln like my bigger nigga...
Woo! Listening to cover artists and play LIVE on Insight right now. Sounds SO good!! 90.9 FM
Jordy other guys have to many question marks around them
check my tumblr. Just loaded the tootie fruity fun bag video
with the caveat that I am not a lawyer :-)
Way to many people in Vegas. Going to hotel. Room service and gonna watch my #Mavs in a few hours.
Whatup Doe! Hope this is a productive summer for the team!
I really like my bf. He's awesome!
that's not too shabby there.
#FF Playdate movie peeps. Know them
Who's awake?
they're so gross. I cried last time I ate one
My bus is so quiet
For accordion, I suggest learning left hand & rhythm first b/c simultaneously squeezing the air is a feat of its own!
That'll work.
She too young crazy white chicks this movie smh
That's why I can respect teams that put money into defense and play small-ball offense.
Davis has beads on. Did he show his boobies?!? Lol
Ah, yes. That could be awkward. I think it's great that they want to learn and you want to help.
We all know Eastdill never talks so I can only imagine most of the info in this piece is from CBRE.
bro I'm watching your shorty play after the game! Too cute
As always, I left our meeting with tons of new ideas. Thanks again!
Sweet. Take as much time as you need!
Follow 4Humanities: Advocating for the Humanities at
Anybody like perfect? lol
been there!!!
Ohio librarians volunteer to go to SXSW '13 to study the feasibility of moving the dates of #erl14 to coincide...
It burns my ass to be treated so disrespectfully I don't deserve it I will try not to tweet u any firther adios
I have 5 different twitter accounts but this is my main one.
today i had a #tape fight , a #water fight , AND!!! a #MUD fight ! so fun who doesn't luv little siblings ?
bet me bitch
Never thought I would say this, but can't wait to watch okc punk the lakers lol THUNDER UP!
well i'm excited to hear it!!! we have to make her record it so I can hear/see!
Very soon! Keep your eyes peeled!
I want to preorder the 1D live tour DVD but I don't have any money. I swear, I'm broke because of One Direction. THIS IS WHAT THEY DO TO ME.
haha suree for u :) he is cute but mikey gets more attention from me ;D there all cute mikey stands out tho
I need a drink.. #Billiedeewillams said #colt45 work everytime so im on my way..
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. Lanston Hughes
Sleep tight💚 Please follow me💙
I wish there were an instagram filter to make you look more decent.
I'm finding you don't always recognize the red flags until the game is already over. Then again some games are meant to be lost :)
LML AHH FUCK THIS SHIT LML, besides all i wanted was to ask if u wanna text ?
Went to Trader Joe's and bought a few cheeses. Game on.
Bank of England Keeps Rates at 0.5%, Leaves Asset Purchase Target Unchanged.
ha just in a mood. Long day in the sun plus caff withdrawal and stuffs. Stabby feelings lol
F#@& YEAH MAN, sometimes good shit happens to hard working people....up with hope, down with dope, unless your Canadian, they need that shit
ROC YOUR SUPER HOT AND I LOVE YOU😘
Katherine created a music video for Wye Oak, entirely out of papercut shadow puppets.
You deserve the best.
Thanks again! I think it's important to honor any talent you have ..
Did my writing assignment over the ICONic Boyz. Got a 100! :)<3 Right there, Yeah Buddy!
Do you have a hashtag for this event? I could use some grins. But Vilas Mom would like to remind you, #besafe (never #dontgo).
Who made it through an 11:00 Multi position plank today??? This guy! So happy! When I started training 5 years ago I couldn't finish 1:00.
Come see Kazu Kibuishi and Allen Say drawing live in the Graphic Novels Pavilion!
You don't tug on Superman's cape. You don't spit into the wind...
Good luck to all Tigers testing this weekend!
Impractical Jokers finale tonight! :)))
Of course! There are also rumors of a Minecraft server...
1. Domestic Oil production is up under Pres. Obama. 2. Oil price is set at a global market. Your empirical facts for this weekend.
I love how you can see Cliff signaling 'two outs' emphatically.
shut up my uterus!
"Give me oats or give me death" -Patrick Henry horse
Hey Mark - it's about 90 today - whew! How are things in Beantown?
The price of gas doesn't bother me at all. From West Texas and Daddy's in the Oil Bidness!
Sleep, preferably on shoulder next to you.
UCLA class as an experiment in public history, bringing together UCLA students with high school students who know the community
Can you support me guys?♥Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me ! Please.No?OKay.Bye.
A butterfly can look at you through 12,000 eyes.
My new songs #SHE'SGOTME and #DANCETONIGHT are up on facebook and up youtube. Check me out @ Aaron Davis Fan page on Facebook.
Listening to the mixtape by for the 1st time. Shyts pretty good
RT : #RelationshipsRequire a good friendship. A bond that is everlasting.
Oh, you never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the lava? Please, tell me more about your amazing childhood.
actually i am writing them out now. they take a long time to write. i felt it would be cooler if they arrived individually
RT- Let's bring back Geren while we're at it. - Let me talk to about coming back aboard.
I'm working hun, sorry I can't come watch you.
no spamming!
Words to live by, my friend. RT : "Stay gold Ponyboy, stay gold.
Did you party this weekend?
Good Morning!A nice Cappuccino...CAKE! sounds good. Order our Cappuccino cake today or any of our 13 flavors! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Amos 7:6 That situation you are trying so hard to change... you can't; but God can! LET HIM!
Build Day in 25 days!!
Who's idea was it to hold council meetings st 6 pm? Don't answer I know.
walking down the steps.. yes I'm a clutz. Lol
team law suit... And GO!
lmao hell yeah! And when he did Trust Issues too!
OK, fine, sure - #ssrn is now working; no responses via twitter, but 2 via a listserv; long live Web 1.0!!!!!
I would rather go through our way than yours!
Never give up, people eventually come to their senses.
Today is so nice. It’s like the weather is smiling, and I’m smiling back! ☺
I NEVEAAAAAHHH thought it would come down to THAT!!! WOW! WOW!
"I'm enough"
Somebody been eating my chips..but I'm not even gone flip out..cause I will ova these chips.
Miami-Dade County looks and feels like the mid-west. Thats a good thing! #happyhumble&modestsunday
"YOLO. Tell that to Jesus." -
#ihavenorespect for the bitch that took my sex toy and made him a daddy lol
I knew I liked that man. RT : Everything can change in an hour so no early celebrations here. Yiddo. COYS.
not funny. & yes, it was the white boy!
cause im bored :(
The location pin is getting near accurate. 
sure why not follow back
damn right lolz
Wisdom teeth extractions are lethal! My mouth is still numb :____(
Facebook currently unavailable?! Better start working :P
Everyone seems honest on the Internet.
just listening to music
ba da BOOM, girl... I feel ya.
who he rap like
no problem.
Now that jury finds Kelly Elementary shooter Brendan O'Rourke guilty on all counts, "part 2" of trial (the sanity portion) starts tomorrow
Vesta and Chaka Khan could have been sisters. Two beautiful powerhouses!
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. -Booker T. Washington
There is a rapper named Chief Keef...
Happy Birthday Nessuhhh =) Have a great day!
You looked way too disappointed over 13″. You did well! Buck up, take care of your foot, and see ya tomorrow!
who inspired you the most?
Be TAN for the HOLIDAYS! *Specials TODAY* All UV and/or Mystic tans are $10! Buy ANY membership and tan the rest of the month for FREE!
I doubt I'll tire of this any time soon. :) RT : You're welcome, Drew. Or do we call you Dr. Dellinger now. :)
What's going on
DITTO RT : Out of the office and on to happy hour with , , and Andy Reynolds. Yea for Friday!
city streets probably provide a grander palette, but out in nature i bet you could make a duckhead to represent for the DocBook book :)
doug - 35 years from now, tim tebow won't be playing football. well, duh.
WHERE THE HELL DID ALL THESE DUMB ASS ADS COME FROM?? HOW DO I STOP THEM?
i love your morning with all the jokes and stuff. This morning was like a romantic morning.i love it!!!
With a psychology degree.... sometimes I feel awful for having such an amazing family. I feel like I can't relate
I love you guys too! Come back to the bay! <3
thanks for the RT Rod
New liners featuring Trace Adkins, Taylor Swift, and more, up now in Artist Audio on #productionvault!
Wrangler for my son Oscar
You see, I am also Grohl's bitch.
i'll check on it for ya
I think I'm about to give up.
You are a human being. You have rights inherent in that reality. You have dignity and worth that exists prior to law. ~Lyn Beth Neylon
It's Caymus time! Ten wines, including Special Selection, all open for tasting, all sale priced. 4 to 7pm.
my puppy kept barking in my face , and trying to bite me ... all night !
FUMBLE!!! FUMBLE!!! #Steelers!
#itsabeautifulworldbecause You are still here.. Follow Me
EWC Carmel has 110 fans! Let's get this number to 120 by the end of the week! We know you can do it :)
When i'm gonna walk to school & my boyfriend forces me into a ride with him -.-
Action without planning is the cause of all failure. Action with planning is the cause of all success. - Brian Tracy
When Im ready Ill let you know! HA!!!!!!!!!
Make my dream come true</3
haha what do you think I did? I got up took the belt off my neck and got outa there lol
Thanks! I wasn't aware there was a #bitcoin conference happening. :)
Wah! Rick Roll'd at Ben & jerry's
GOOD LUCK IN COURT BIG CUZZZ ILY !
I live for tweets dis dude is straight too funny!
it's barely 7am and I already had one kid hit the other with a whiffle ball bat...
Well, Ron Paul's out of the race, but you can still catch him this Christmas in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit.
"What a sense of superiority it gives one to escape reading a book which everyone else is reading. "
I make people love me!
#TwSIG Beware of robotics and spammers. Time for questions!
hey so what about going to see june 21-25? fly out of greensboro, nonstop, 181 bucks.
Another NBA Playoff Prediction: ONE of the top four seeds in the East will go down in the First round! #nbaplayoffs,
The majority of cops r good. There r 14,0000 in Chicago. The fact a handful have been in news 4 misconduct shouldnt taint the other 13,990!
My mom always finds a way to making me cry and felling like freaking sh*t...
It's finally happened! :/ And right after Gary Coleman too!
Your boyfriend looks like a chick.
AGENCY MASCOT. We love you amore.
You drive me crazy half the time, the other half I'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true.
We spent the day coaching some very talented high schoolers at Northwestern in Chicago. So inspiring!
Seattle folks: is 8/20-21 at Wanna go? We have a discount code for Twestival folks (code "smcsea").
been great, have a good balance of work and play too so we're not going crazy haha
I'm a skeptic of everything that people tell me. All the time. Its frustrating to not trust ppl, but same time I listen.
the key is have have quality faster than your competition.
Fed up.
RT : #ASTD2012 I just downloaded the ASTD Events app and love the features!
Yesterday: 2, today: 9... Can't keep up with this weather
you and me
Getting new followers! When I get to 200 I'll share with everyone the first concert I went to.
Moscow and no Missoula? Come on man;)Guess we'll have to wait until Nashville...
'cause she loves you.
Can You Follow Me Please RT
Lmao 😂 RT : No girl under 5'6 has a chance... I need to breed a cam newton or lebron.. no Gary Colemans
Today I made some oil paint with Joan's mud! I mixed dry, powdered mud with linseed oil. The paint color is similar to raw umber!
already here! Excited about God!
Keep plugging, Zoe. I'll be monitoring your continued success with envy.
is it possible to get your email? Very detailed questions
45 minutes :) I'm really glad Jordan can't leave
Austy needs concerts in other places too, js. It is sorta unfair.
At my parents' in West Chester. Can't say no to free!
appreciate the RT
I'm now following Trib's beer guru b/c of 's Three Floyds mention (Paul, tip of my hat to you. I'm a craft beer geek).
My #Graduation is in 11 days! Staying with in the summer and then in September! :oD
sent u an email, let me know if u got it! #weedropweerock!!! Pe
Hooray #Apple! iPhoto '11 is a buggy, backwards pile of un-Apple-like shame, though.
The ladies in this salon callin kanye west gay....lmao
Haha.....that is so funny! Watch some of the other Chicka Boom videos...trippy stuff. Especially the comments!
So this week #Leverage out Office'd The Office & #Community out Glee'd Glee. Neato.
now delete ur account, ure not wanted there :austin3:
Going out on the town and have a little fun....and maybe a little trouble along the way lol
It's #NothingPersonal hahahhaha that's awesome!!
Give me your best story as to why I should give you some The Maine merchandise, posters, CDs. Post them here on Facebook.
Just realized #zombiemoms is a hash tag ha!.
I feel bad for subs ,becuz kids is bad af!
I'm looking for a cincinnati based iOS developer for the summer innov8 for health accelerator.
been here 13 years and still never been to to Telluride. Is that where the Blues N Brews fest is held?
Mitt Romney thinks legal immigrants shouldn't get in-state tuition. Vidal Sassoon died today.
ENTER TO WIN: Calendar Datesake Jewelry From Not Just Any Old ...
Made myself some french toast! So glad I can semi cook. >,<
Nod, agree, agree, agree with the new parent! (happy new year)
I am relax
Will do! So far the Twitters have not been forthcoming.
RU in sales with experience in radio/tv who wants to sell time on a Christian TV station and website in Las Vegas, NV?
(bryan) RT : "jackson pollack velocity" best analogy for keeping up with the noise i think i've ever heard.
Love it, RIP BIggie
30 blocks in stilettos? s Very impressive!!!
I will never fault a man for fibering up.
My apologies.
that sucks D: what trip though?
:) all da way ya hurd
yess...i watch it last night justin....your in the x factor.....
"I wish we had another time, I wish we had another place but everything we have is stuck in the moment."
He told him that I talk about him all the time. I don't. I made that clear to him.
Yes!!! Richard Grenell, a gay Romney spokesman on national security, has resigned! We want missiles pointed in the right direction.
yes i am and im going to bed now night
must admit I'm still watchin those world star videos...
Hahaha. Not enough #twss on here RT : #twss RT GOOD THINGS HAPPEN WHEN YOU GO INSIDE.
Grateful to my mum for filling my life with happy & my closet with her hand-me-downs. Love to all you wonderful mamas out there!
Really, really awesome. I think the kids and nonprofits both learned a lot.
I went for a long walk w husband and dog so yes
Excuse me if I choose to act like a young lady and not a hood rat!!!
tried my hand at digging my own grave this afternoon. broke the shovel, kept digging by hand.
It should be pretty obvious that it said "gote am"
I should apply at apple bees (:
we made new friends!!!
I'm just not an Angelina fan.
thanks buddy! And thanks for putting me on the 'Harry Potter Death March!'
make me some breakfast .. and then come suck this dick
are you done with school?
Brazilian workout!! Love it!!
There isn't a whole lot of good hip-hop from this millenium to be found.
Thank you everyone for the overwhelming amount of support! We love you guys I really mean that!!
Ready for a night out!
God I love gay bars so much. They're playing non stop Madonna. I will, however, never find a boyfriend here.
I'm thinking you've got a lil baby baking in the oven. That's joyous news, but all the men that fancy you might be sad now!
Taking a late shower.
Thx to the gifts in my fridge I think tonight's dinner calls for pasta, basil pesto from 's garden and tomatoes from mine. Yum.
I'm really starting to dislike thee unconscious
chillin man,puttin some work together
Ever been so hungry you got sad.....done let food fuck withcha emotions
On MLB Network, Harold Reynolds just said Philly is a 45 minute drive to DC. Bullet train? Time warp?
Arik Cannon is backstage. He's upset about getting snubbed for the title match. He just beat Stevens last week.
pic or it didn't happen
still waiting for the day when will release more tour dates/ album release date .
nice to meet u Taylor, im Shelby :) haha!
You know that long tile-lined tunnel with the greenish lighting that's in every contempo noir-ish movie filmed in L.A.? Does it have a name?
imissyouuu to :D
OMG !! Did the real Lea Michele just tweet me !!?!???!!!
Wow I truly hope this day doesnt get any better, I dont know what I would do!
this month lol
I think the battery life is fantastic, but I don't use it as much as my cell. I charge mine about once every 5 days.
Hubby & I decided to do the meatless Monday thing. Planning a mexican salad w/refried beans served on toasted tortillas 4 dinner tonight :)
I call it how I see it, I won't give you the title if you don't know how to be it
I love #cigs and I #wish i had one #fuck #school. Cereal Bowles
first he buys the Soho House, now this : Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson still in communication with Ron Burkle about Kings purchase
I love how whenever I get on Twitter, there's always the Perfect quote flying by in my Twitter stream....
"I love Diana Krall" -Moms
I love you Harry♥ you are beatiful♥
what did do with all his posters in his room?.. did he take them or leave them :/
Going over Feb reports. Have a pest control customer who got 26 leads and 1 roofer who got 23 from footprint bundle. $500 for these results!
What is it about rich assholes that bring out my inner Robin Hood? The urge to balance things out & remind to all that everything is God's
": Did Lynz Delete Her Twitter Or Is My Phone Juss Tripping?" Shereally deleted it
eating recesses puffs cereal...
We need more followers and Likes on Facebook!! Help spread the word!
last year somebody told me something outrageous and when I asked about it the answer was "well i got an email about it"
So & #RestoreOurFuture favors creating a 2nd-class of #AmericanCitizenship...he seems 2 believe inalienable rights R alienable.
Sweet! I hear that they are really cool people...that dog is pretty crazy though :P
s/o to all the women that take the pill period. they ass to old to b sitting up at the abortion clinic at 40yrs old
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. -Euripides
Aw...What Sport...Fun Times!!!
thanks for the follow, in reading your bio, I see we are like minded. cool, you might like where I journal online, free!
all very nice! And you live so far away WHY?
Thanks Kendal! That's great advice. I'll be sure to mention it tomorrow.
welcome:) if it wasn't for you i wouldn't be able to do what I love for a living
your a great singer I think you can go far!<33
Woke up early. Going to yell at my mom to wake up already lets see how she likes it.
You know it's gonna be a day when you wake up with the Arthur theme in your head.
It must be screw jazmen over day
Sign up for our Annual Win a Trip to Ireland Party! March 16th at Ned Devine's! For more info visit...
Thanks for the detailed update, user! We will try to fix it for good ASAP. _Art/GK
I'll take your word for it. RT #FF because if you take a look, it really is in a book!
Looking forward to chatting on here! Always excited to meet other Seattle music tech peeps.
Anyone else having problems connecting to Facebook?
pffft...i've got about 15 hours left of Ready, Player One for my Wheaton fix.
right now!:)
Shucks...back atcha!
I love it when bands follow me. I get to look at there profiles, look them up, and find a whole new group of people to enjoy listening to ♥
Off to Ratings!
im pee pants the inebriated hobo clown
LET'S DO THIS: Sunday, 9pm, Twilight Exit - it is so been broughten'!
haha too funny
Congrats on and all your hard work!!
We're attending the RATE corporate tax event at The Blackwell at OSU. Ohio US Senator among the speakers.
"how come lemonade doesn't help us?" MH
Drew is the best. Horrible decision. Let's hope you're not there next season.
do not follow this guy he dont follow back
Merry Christmas Asia, Australia and the Far East!!
Yes! & why for premires & red carpets would you wear sleeve less dresses if you have nothing to hide? Think people
Today will be unforgettable thanks to and Silvester. Lolol. xD
lmao the heart eyes face lol
It's Wednesday so House Martini's are only $5 today!
Pictures from last night's show w/ will be posted on our facebook momentarily!
watching never say never (:
perfect!!!! It's beyond amazing;)
Maurice Sendak's work engaged readers of all ages and made us think. I was sorry to learn of his passing.
Oh gotcha. Thanks
Time to switch to Google Docs! ;)
That intentional grounding in the end zone is a safety rule is terrible. I hour the owners discuss it in the off-season.
Actually , was responding to me. She doesn't need to use gimmicks to book work. She has talent for that. :)
Beautiful pics and blog. Yay! Hugs in you Lil Concentrated Mommy. Hugs from your bigbrotheruncle Marc :)
The awkward moment when you see identical twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly..
you got it!
Bout to eat as many wings as I can
Have we enough to keep it together?
Nothing like watching glee after a lame solo. Makes you feel like a even bigger loser. -___- curse you glee.
Amazing how often it happens. Despite a great 20-30 secs, most of them aren't better for much longer. Often works for TV themes too.
RT : #Nuggets sweep season series from Orlando for first time since 1991-92.
hahaaa! you're a fool kyle.
Thanks, Aaron. Obviously really looking forward to it. Now I just have to wait out an X-mas Eve lasting 2-3 weeks.
Gotta Blunt Wit No Weed <<<<<
Fucking pissed right now. Can't believe Lakers lost this game.
they were too hard on them, I thought they did great
hm. perhaps fremont market again??!! who know! come visit us for some summer deals :)
thats awesome man! i can't wait to see what you do!!!!!!!!!
did you go to the Hello Nasty tour in 98?
Working hard on the #NewBeauty Launch Event at #FredSegal in Santa Monica!
for killer reviews......
Oh never mind :o
Va Uranium - Piedmont Residents in Defense of the Environment
that one time when your watching the videos from a concert and you voice is louder than others
a moment to brag plse -worn out, sunburned & battle weary-my daughter's Eclipse sccr team WON U13 Des Moines Iowa Premier Soccer tournament!
Thom just dropped pontificate. Slow down.
Hope you enjoyed your Linner. Happy Birthday!!!
so thoughtful! Mine gave me one of those Tiffany's charm necklaces. I was like, do you even know me?
That moment when you have a lot of homework & you all ready Hav enough to do after school & ur just like t(-_-)t 'forget you !'
tweet tweet
GoodMorning! Hope you have a great day, <AB
i love that song!:)
Young men, hone your fistic skills! They will enhance your priapic prowess.
. But they're pretty much just smoozing right now. Thought I saw Ivanka Trump? When do the speeches start?
that Monday evening you would still be here with me.
and compared to Canada.
This may be completely lame way to use your FSA but you could give first aid kits as Christmas gifts or for new babies.
Happy mothers day to my self and all mothers out there, :)
I'm good. Lovin this 80 degree weather. Miss u much!
I just killed that final.
so my ipod is on max volume and they're still louder.
didn't know I was being tested and for what? How can honesty fail? If you love the lord then u realize only he can test sum1
hell yea , well mine is the 3rd , but sat. At midnight strikes the 3rd so shit hell yea come thru , we got bottles, ya can
family first
WE ARE!
I can't believe ive never seen you there, I used to go all the time with my dad!
you are beautiful!:) i love your style
checking back in after hiatus... waiting for the hub to come home
ugh, after the 2 years we've had, we deserve to GET IT 24/7 right now, son!!
I tried texting him and it was like "this number is out of service" Then I lost it! Haha :]
I will not be surprised if #Butler beats
Okay Brussels sprouts. Tonight, WE DANCE (with some red onion, garlic, and poached eggs)
Happy birthday Nelle Harper Lee. Thanks for giving us Atticus, Scout, Jem, Dill and Boo.
Cleaning up and out my following list...
Cute Austin,How's it feel to be Famous famous
I hate Facebook. Myspace is so much better! WTF, world?
Congratulations to all the lucky actors cast for the trailer directed by
Hope you had a great b-day celebration!!
A leopard CANNOT change its spots.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 9
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a lifetime supply of coupons to KFC, Church's, and Popeye's.
Singing #SaySomething in science and having people stare at me.. I regret nothing. <3
And just like that they are up… definitely time for me to leave for a little bit ;-)
#deepestsongsofalltime love like woe
dude I am tonight ;)
denying a woman the right to life is greatest violation of all
My friend would email me the Google Voice translations of my VMs. They were hilariously bad.
well that's great! But surely that's not the only department?
"The High Road" is now available on Itunes, Napster, Amazon MP3, Last.fm, Verizon, Zune, and iHeart Radio and more to come.
in Eau Claire and I never understand why u have 24 checkouts and only 4 are open.
They're filming an episode of one block from my house; it'd be awesome if Dottie could be an extra--she's so Portland
it smells like an air conditioner in my apartment, and i don't hate it. #summer?
Back at work today. If anything these last two weeks have proven that I will be able to handle retirement without any trouble.
Associate Director of the CO-OP program Barbara Smith is speaking at the #NASHCO conference.
#Best #Golf #Jokes 'An old #Man with a #Bad memory came home from a long round of Golf...' Read PunchLine @ > www.ICUGolfStories.com LOL!
Ash Bibi thanks for the add!
Again PBO shows who he is and what he's about. Wake up people and smell the roses for he is for the people and not for money. Can't buy him
very true! We have been fortunate, I'm thinking a cold winter in TX since it have been a hot summer/fall
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicting!" by Amy
hate it when ur trying to straighten ur hair, and u straighten all ur hair and none got straight and u realize its not plugged in!! lol
one good ML-related thing is Messages. I've been using the beta.
I was working! Or destroying the competition too quick, I went for a throw setup that last match. :x
is the MOST excited about 3FL metal night. E
Can't be happy about this Bulls win until I know D-Rose is okay...nonetheless
i added you
Happy 8 week birthday :-)
#bbadam what is your ideal pre performance food or drink?
I HATE the LAKERS
#bored. gonna straighten my hair for fun. BRING ON FRIDAY.
I'm still missing Ryan Dunn. Watch Jackass 3 this week and just left me with a heavy heart.
If there is no chemistry between you and the person during sex, that's just a setup for failure period.
Ari's proud of her body so you people can continue hating.
killer cold weather, boston.
pupils big as shit.
WHEW! RT : Inbox: "INHOFE REITERATES SUPPORT FOR TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE."
yeahh if you did like it you would of said pretty much the same thing I did lol
So true, I suppose I'm getting ahead of myself. A4 As long as a break is doable, the rest is details
I don't presume to go so far as understanding G's actions. But the 'vision' is intriguing
u not gonna see eye to eye on this my friend lol
what's good with ya!
[5 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 0
Victorias Secret Wild Things Something went wrong
I hate my room cause it takes forever to clean -_-
It's free!
same lol RT“: wait you mean this is actually real life?! I thought it was just a dream!! Wah :D”
Do it, Jen. Live tweet your meltdown!
Sorry about that! Your order will ship before Tday. Emailing you as well.
I wish i had a damn car. -_-
": Loyalty is key no matter what type of situation u put in..."
send me a pic of you making a heart so i can put it on my phone
I'm totally interested.
Contraception: also a public good with benefits far beyond the private benefactors.
Eye of the tiger, spirit of the squirrel...
actually I'm not doing service learning on Fridays anymore so how about this Friday? At like 11:30am?
NEW PROMO CODE: 6JUNE2011 - Get fast, secure, managed WordPress hosting at RocketPress.me! Expires June 6, 2011 - Better hurry!
you better get some food then
that's awesome!I hope they were saying good things. Have u heard about our 30 cent beers? U should come in and get a couple!
alright I'll leave in 10
how else would you like them to be trained? Do you know?
Erin said you moved
RT Now listening to #prettyprogressive on uctcradio it's not too late to tune in w/ my Sorors &
My autographed copy of Black Cool came today!!
I loved that 30 Days of Night gave Vampire's balls again.
have you ever participated in Jouett House Frontier Days? I used to run archaeology for them, I think mostly 4th graders though
First stop: where I will either cut or not cut my hair short...
ORDERING SHOES ONLINE!
Struggling on how to manage your social media strategy? A good rule to follow is 80% of content to be planned and 20% to be supplemented.
Haha u got a glass roof??
RETWEET IF YOU ARE CUTIE! :P
hey man...are you going to the WASU celebration this weekend?
Happy Birthday Princeton :) I hope you have A GREAT Day With the people you love and have a great time :) <3 Briania :) <3
Love 's Japan pix. Not many people can keep an honest sense of wonder after fame. Cool dude.
Whats for lunch? If you don't have an idea then come in today and try one of our delicious Salads or grab a Giant Slice of Pizza.
#HowImGrand someone at my school was getting bullied so me and my friends made room for her at my table :)
I've been paying 2 much attention 2 my cricket blog and tech stuff--I'll take a look!
you can do your evals on babe heads now!
You too!!! RT : Following! Have a great night everyone!
I'm alright! She hit the back of my thigh. It doesn't hurt that bad.
Manners Tip: Be sure you have a firm handshake when meeting someone new. Practice on someone you know!
I love studying
Just had a perfectly ripe, home-grown cantelope.
I just finished a 3.30 mi run with a time of 1:05:51 with Nike+ GPS.
Read this is an article today & Liked it: Social media isn't about telling stories, it's about participating in the storytelling.
Gotcha! :) Cool!
Thats that #TrapHouseQuality ! ! Get a clue what your talent is because its not rappin
Great post Definitely shared it with colleagues!
hope you finish it soon :)
Are you following us at yet? Well, you should.
I first had it at Marquee, but Jules at Cedars Social makes a badassed one.
Any one been to the glover park flea market? I'm gonna check it out during my baby free afternoon.
Imma stop being nice to my female friends. From what I was told, being nice to them and wanting to hang out means I wanna have sex with them
he owes me about 5 double shots so hold him to it lol
Love this infographic video! Thanks for sharing!
I don't wanna run anymore.
thanks a ton!!!!!!!! We appreciate your support!!!! :) keep it metal!
We're excited for our launch party tomorrow at the ! We'll be live tweeting the event so you won't miss a thing!
I guess!!! Maybe in time it'll go away. =\
Mom Duties got in the way. had a dance performance. Watching at home via the stream
Jamming out to with kallie (: <3
what are smeltfish?
so true.
AH I have been so busy at work. sorry & !! i <3 you guys!!! come visit
Hey Burton! Sent Jason my photos about an hour ago. Looking forward to it!
Gerson Law Firm is currently attending the MBA CREF Conference through Wednesday
30 minute nap before work.
Lindsay: In 2007, the FDA required Ambien to change warning label to include "complex sleep-related behavior," including "sleep driving."
CAN'T STOP WON'T STOP. I'm hoarding boxes of #chedbunz AND #chocbunz at my desk!
Damm my stomach hurts
They have nothing better to do then bully people. Get a life. Not at you at them!!
“Beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.” ~Annie Dillard
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to all of our veterans!
yes I love it!(:
DDing tonight and getting paid.
I'm proud of everyone that showed up in their cold weather gear tonight.
Happy birthday my dude! 😊
mm mm mm get out dem feelings
Thanks to ALL my friends and faithful listeners of KKIM for attending our 40 Year Celebration @ Legacy Church last night :) Keep listening!
Never underestimate the impossible
Cesar's Copa Mundial's are the difference in this game.
I'm a 2nd weekend-er! Are you going?
Girlfriend wants to keep a mouse she found as a pet. I think we're way too liberal.
That, so the support. I do it for people like you and other. Spread the word around about me financial blog. Thanks,
Just checked in California Speedway 4 Mario Andretti Driving Experience. Stocked to drive an Indy Car!
It's hilarious watching the (few) non-homophobe Republicans try to avoid agreeing with Obama. Yes, CHENEY is the true visionary, of course!
awe what's wrong?
true statement
too late. we bought your ticket already. be ready by 1 tomorrow (:
Oh man, there's burger pieces all over the bullpan after that Lucroy bomb. Don't worry, is saving their souls.
You are better than me already! And I don't know if I couldd ever match master tweeter !
In Savannah GA...reminds me so much of Charleston SC...going on Black History tour in the a.m..can't wait..my 13 yr old son should enjoy..
Great warmup: glides on /ng/ = siren.
Why do these guys on Maury still mess with the bitches in the green room
mine? Tell me the truth!
RT : you are gorgeous (:--- me or ?! Thats him in that picture.
I don't know why people keep on insisting on pissing me the fuck off.
Yyyyyyyaaaaaayyyyyyy :) ...............bout 2 hit the shower ish might get good! ;)
a jury found my friend Hex was arrested for no good reason! apology from . should be forthcoming
DAILY TIP: Try to have something to do while playing live online (Radio, TV, friends) because playing 20 hands per hour can become tedious.
Look in the cabinet;seasoning packets high in sodium and exp 2yrs ago. WOW
We are still looking forward to welcoming you!
Anytime you try to prove something to someone the music isn't honest
1st tweet..hope your night is being fabulous:):)
Hold on... there's a beer and bacon fest in Boston and I'm hearing about this now???
Korea: Free Trade Agreement will soon result in an immediate elimination of the 20% tariff on #bourbon and Tennessee #whiskey imports.
I did! Hahaha.
Stand in the gap for all of the young people who are in the arena of selling and using drugs...let's fight for our kids.....
1-800-BOB-STEAM RT Going to tweet a winner every week starting this weekend. Stay tuned. Going to call it Steam Release.
#Caps Chimera was the first one heading to the locker room and destroyed his stick on a wall
Katharine McPhee hairstyles: Curly vs. sleek
Wife says to husband: "Whisper dirty things into my ear". Husband leans in and whispers: "Dishes, Laundry, living room"
I wanna go to Shitterbahn or whatever that shits tight
Excited to be a part of for #socent and #socialinnovation. #Designing a better world.
is just so mad because the cookies here at McDonalds are two for a dollar and not three! LOLOL 😂😭😂
I just heard "Mark Kotsay hits it outta here!" and thought, "hey! There we go!" then realized he's a Padre now.
Grateful to be auditioning for a great guest spot today on GOOD LUCK CHARLIE playing 'willard' the creepy care taker at a haunted house
back in php class - at least 30% have pirated the ebook - at least that is what i can tell with my seat near the back of the class
I wish I was as certain about anything, as he is about everything.
Damn the block is hot. My neighbor just hit me with the "I wanna kick it with you as long as T Money isn't anywhere." Lol got to love it
Agreed, it seemed that the rain brought out more people that we even anticipated. Best event of the year!
boats 'n hoes
Oddly enough, my wife brought home a pack of Shrinky Dinks just the other day. Not sure why.
Morning world!!!!!!!
thanks, I will!
jus got off work Bouta Go get Tatted : ))
RT : looking forward to setting up a Ladies night at & for lots of fun!
May Birthday Bash at Mastrella's The Imaginary Band will be celebrating by Rocking the House! May 21st! It's Lisa's Birthday! Let's Party!
in louisville, kentucky drinking bourbon, kentuck derby museum tomorrow
dude just shocked me...
i hope and can still see each other a lot.</3 i love them both!!(:
Today I pledged to #lightitupblue with and continue #rethinkingautism with
excited to see you, , From Indian Lakes, & tonight Coffee House in Madison!
Headed back to my house hung out wit my big sis all day yesterday n this mornin my spring break already fun cant wait til the summer
We are so happy Mr. Red will be in the parade!
he may be a tool, but he's our tool.
Lil Wayne - Prom Queen - 05:41 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
that came out really good!♥:D
Okay cool that's no problem!!! My Birthday is Saturday.
#HouseofRepresentatives votes down #Obama budget plan, 414 to 0.
GREAT WIN #PADRES! #HEADLEY WHAT A GAME
I'll tell you once more before I get up and go: Don't bring me down.
There's actually two ways to sort poker apps in AppData, so I'll give you the top 10 again, sorted by MAU (monthly active users)
Thanks for the #FF love!
. If the NCAA loses its billions, what happens to all the other sports that can't sustain themselves?
Ladies please take care of yourself :) Sincerly- every guy in the world
If u need me, i want you to call me..-Solomon Burke
Woke up this morning wondering what happened to all the people that said they would be here.
One more day til I have finished this damn training and am a certified lead estimator... 💰💰💰 cha Ching
Once you hear that Palpatine started out as application support, you appreciate the fact that things should've been much worse
Man, reconciling receipts is no cup of tea. Bah.
texting - limit number of texts and times/places texting may be done. ck ur provider for a text limit cut off--not paid overage charge
. * fake handshake* *run hand through hair* ( to me)
he hung up on me. I hope he's okay, but I'm a #sundaylibrarian NOT a doctor!
Officially back in Reno :)
We have breakfast all day, is that music to your ears?
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. Anton Chekhov
glad you clarified!!
Sounds like an amazing weekend!
I like it!
Okay, let's say the "Woodstock" project *is* real and it replaces Zune + Zune Pass' unlimited music subscription service. So what?
jordan taylor speaking now. rob wilson and taylor present bo with the game ball from today. badgers 11-0 on senior day under bo
RT : Change the Way you Look at Things and the Things you Look at Change. ~Wayne Dyer
I hope austin dosent see that stupid trend. Let him live his dream don't try to make him feel bad for leaving.
haha well you gotta get on that then!
First day of classes
I'm glad people understand that private or not your information can still be found. It's not just
We Can install Photoshop extended Cs6 , for 80 . This is not spam , if it don't work we don't charge
Only a 2 hour first half for the Giants. Love how New York games are always drawn out to extend the ratings.
I'm a model..
Same guy hits on me every time i go into zumiez........dude your 20.
Discussing walking volunteers up the ladder of engagement.
- Will there be an app this year? > Yes, an app will be coming out about a week or so before the show.
cant sleep
Steve Earle is AWFUL in The Wire. Stick to making bad music, dude.
Keep One Eye On Your "Blind Spot" Before Your Enemy Take You By Surprise.
Hi Mary. Welcome.
The audience doesn't like reality musicals where even though it is true, the heroine dies.
Forgot it until last week, a friend was wearing all white bc she "can't" after Labor Day. I laughed so hard.
Jayz makes P.Diddy look poor RT : They arguing who richer Jay-Z or P.Diddy?
Apparently I'm not the only 1 interested in salsa fiesta!
At doctors office what will he find this time
can't ask for anything better
Thank you for the #FF!
I want my hair to be down to my butt.
I seriously can't be in the same room as my computer or I will never get anything done. Now the problem is that I have a phone...
When I look at the Gospel, I see how it is speaking to me at this time. I see how to be to others and it helps.
I dont want to see #Kardashians on my TV, computer, at the check out line! ANYMORE! Someone please tell me WTF they contribute to society!
Am I an uber-geek if I think LinkedIn discussions on 'death of the hyphen' are fascinating? Probably so but I'll own it!
they won't! “: Don't care if people mock me, but there's some darn good basketball being played down at these days.9-0”
Any other nerds on Pottermore? If so, DM so and I'll send you my usernme so we can be nerd friends!
they certainly are !
Who are YOU going to help go RISING STAR?? Let's Crush it! How many can YOU help cross the finish line???
But seriously though, If you don't watch The Weiner Circle, you're lame and live under a rock...
I loved it! So wondering how they'll do next season.
The most depressing moment in life when you lost track of time and miss austream</3
:)! You do the same! : Thank you so much! Right back at you! Have a beautiful weekend!
Hey TAAP fans! What gets you going in the morning - music, working out, coffee?
I LOVE YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME. I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY LIFE. <3
i texted you the other day totes forgot u didn't have a phone. sort it out!
that's a tongue twister. New is good, we should do something new. 2012. Ok.
Head feet chest hands stomach
there's no need to encourage that! It happens on its own. :P
Here we go - more heat - at least in the east county...sunny & 70s coastal, but 90s to near 100 valleys and muggy in the mountains.
The Modern Family Disneyland Episode is on
Not sure, but that is a serious sling!!
thanks for the out!
I'm glad our dsl is on the slow side. I don't think I could keep up with this with all this nonsense at full speed.
Thanks so much for the love :)!!
A2 #sbchat follow up: offer unrenewed season tix holders personalized jerseys if they renew w/i next 72 hours.
The only thing keeping me from driving off this bridge is the insurance rate increase if I survive
#CinNoir I'd like to hear you interview Amandla Stenberg on your podcast. #suggestion /
Their face or upper chest. Proper treatment of underlying disease may results in regression of these angiomas. .keloidsurvey.com
did u move to Minneapolis?
good to chat with you today! Wish you the best and remember anything at all to help just ask!
Looking to spread #holiday cheer? Donate to and support local empowerment efforts! Click donate at extrememoms.org home pg
Free nation banks on voluntary compliance with law. Not enuf jails. GOVT can rarely proscribe conduct that masses crave
Staying in and reading because I'm broke and nerdy. But mostly, lazy.
Vh1 party here we go with my frendly wifey
mi like how u dash mi weh
Did you see that the Hoedown Is no longer free this year and will be held on the CoPa grounds?
welcome to twitter!!
Rondo cant be stopped!!!
No bourbon! No mint! No horse pick! It's criminal!
— Dad, the price of alcohol is increasing... does it mean that you'll drink less? — No, it means that YOU will eat less!
I updated my blog probably for the last time. The journey is complete. The link is in my profile.
well i g2g now Love you my wounderfull daughter's and
I'm good sweetheart(: & I'm glad ur doing good *:
Monday morning soundtrack - Miles Davis "Live-Evil." Bring it!!
Probably the dumbest article I have ever read, Common
what do those taste like?
Much love to for always being so darn good to look at.
"Pain is just weakness leaving the body". Thanks Coach
Dude like no joke!! I feel like dat too!! X( life is hell
can u get me some to ?
can I get a feel better please
haha. Got the message. I don't wanna talk to him unless I have a cigarette
aye did yu really sign ?
conversations i love to expect and eavesdrop on at coffee shops: business deals, politics, and religion
I don't worry about giving my family what they need.
follow me backk?(:
Kenny Chesney tickets printed and cowboy hat dusted off. Now what to wear?
I'm in a bakery right now and they were just playing WMYB. #ironic? I think not.
I love that Nanna is teaching the kids how to doorbell ditch lol
yeah just give me a few. How late will you be up?
Yes the timeout ended up being stupid. But you'd rather turn the ball over on a 5-sec call?
If the pill from limitless was real , it would be in the liquid form we call 5hr energy drink .
Somedays I don't wanna hear a peep out of absolutely anybody
The Seattle Seahawks just picked Wisconsin quarterback Russell Wilson in the third round of the NFL Draft.
London is baking - enjoyable to sit in Hyde Park eating lunch, watching the passing parade...may check out the new #Google store
If McCarthy has an eye on my fantasy football team, he'll call James Starks' number here.
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Hard not to feel nostalgic walking on 23rd Street and seeing the Orion Diner instead of Cosmos.
Going to sleep no texts no calls :/
Like, they're using jingoism to express something else that I don't quite get.
In some ways, I envy my friends who don't know what's going to happen.
I WANNA GET BACK GET BACK WITH YOU
To put it rather bluntly,I am not the type who wants to go back to the land;I am the type who wants to go back to the hotel. Fran Lebowitz
fat, a person has to burn
Hello there ms. Themay
Well, so much for the beautiful weather. That didn't last long.
6 million people in the US play 10 rounds of golf or more a year. Cost and time consuming are biggest deterrents
When they constantly yap, you're doing something right.
umm...we should write music together...not you Josh...
C R A P. this day sucks all around!
oh wow meant where in Texas?
Likewise! RT : I'll be at the #HL7WGM, keep us posted...
Cant you just..go away?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 76
Packing my stuff with apple green boxes. A nice #ecofriendly alternative to cardboard.
Thanks Christina! Congrats on your wedding too!! :) looked completely awesome.
This weekend - Cards v Pirates. All out on the table!
Thanks for the kind words!
hahaha he said that on NFL Live and I was like did he really just say that?
Storms actually terrify me
Unique apartments off the 805 & 163 freeways has openings for two bed room apartments. Amazing customer service. Call 858.279.7410
COMMENT A ♥ If you Love Austin(: Lets See How Many We Can Get. stolen from (: Austin Mahone Is Amazing
the things we do as teenagers to cover up all our shit.
Feel free to email - we can talk more about your requirements there. Thanks!
I've lost all the motivation to tweet.
good morning and have a wonderful day
maybe its his ghost trying to talk to you
Tossing and turning not really getting a good amount of sleep right now :/i need to do something different.
Try to forget you play for the Ravens 4 a sec. Who do u think will win the series(or tie) between them and the Steelers?
#ColeHart just released the #Street #Advocate on #Amazon for 99 cents. #UrbanFiction #Atlanta #Augusta #youths in
buying tickets online for the laker's next home game for me and #oomf <3
Magic is an emotional experience, not a scientific operation. --S.H.Sharpe
1 word texts to me mean: 1. you don't care or 2. I did something wrong.
Wishing you and those you love all the good fortunes of life, health, happiness and peace throughout the New Year!...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope u have a AMAZING day!!!!
i just blew your shit up, how does that make you feel :D
Indianas liquor laws really put a damper on my
Ok, I'm celebrating! Did you get your new glasses yet?
Thats good :D
I just heard the weirdest version of bennie and the jets a minute ago
Now selling our autographed book 'Within the Power of Universal Mind' direct from our site! www.sparrowkane.com Check it out!
THANK YOU again, to TMobile for Ashleigh's SURPRISE check for behind the scenes video! Curious to see how residuals will be! #Happy4Ash!
I'm about to take. Nap
My iTunes shuffle just jumped from 20s musical Sitting Pretty to Glenn Danzig. Not many can claim that, I'm guessing.
RT : Phillip's finally home!! yay!!!
My idea to improve free throw shooting: For each free throw missed in a game, players shoot 100 after practice. Worked for me!
thats how its done
#TraderJoes' dark choc candy bar w/ caramel and black sea salt... stop. I just ate the whole thing. Oops
Please #MLB....please don't have the 2013 All-Star at Citi-Field!! The stadium doesn't deserve it! Niether does it shit fan-base
ahahahahahahah!! Your dads hot as fuuuuuck.
Yankees down only 5 runs. We can make a come back.
Global Ireland Football Tournament match-up: Loyola (IL) vs. Dallas Jesuit (TX) on August 31st. #HSFB via
41% of B2B marketers say producing the kind of content that engages prospects & customers is their biggest content marketing challenge.
my is good. You?
well then I guess I'm goona die. Because I'm not goona stop. Don't rain on my parade! Let's go rangers!
That is verifiably the cutest baby ever. Didn't need Jimmy Fallon to say so!
Pietrus has the drive after the pump fake, but elects for the one-dribble, step-back three...okay then.
it was good =)
OK enough with the zombie bullish*t.
Expedia Shares Fly On Stronger Hotel Bookings - Forbes
To whom it may concern: my phone is outta comission at the moment. Will get back with you when i return.
Do you have any water..?(;
I destroy the ignorance-born darkness by the shining lamp of wisdom. -The Bhagavad Gita
Seriously? I wonder what debts are included for imprisonment?
Well fair elections in Iran may be a safer bet than 6-3 on this road trip, oh the Audacity of Hope!
Like in the economy starting to grow again. It was part of their investor cheer leading effort.
The Auto Defiance is led by enigmatic songwriter Bradley Boyer. Text getautodef to 88704 to check them out.
I have a lot to catch up on
Too funny! RT : Sanders just said "Rount Mushmore." Twice.
lots of mining jobs for geologists around, so I might come back! Never know. Thanks man!
Thank you! :)
The drowning man is not troubled by rain. - Persian Proverb
Don't trash the Nati, guys.
what's good yea I produce for
Note: TBS follows Pretty Woman w The Wedding Date, eliminating liabilty for gender stereotypes perhaps mentioned/assumed by
i wanna see Eminem lovers ?
Was skeptical of MOOCs until someone taking a class at Udacity walked me thru. Very impressive. I wonder, can it work in areas outside of CS
Oh do try it for at least 30 days- you'll never go back if you do it right! Unexpected health benefits will motivate you
yea im 15 yeah im from baltimore why
Links seem to be working fine, did you try copy & pasting the URL?
Whitney Houston left her fortune to daughter
is hi-larious! "The thing about yourself that you're trying to fix is the only thing I like about you."
Yes I'm eating and drinking my way into 42. 36 more to go!
Quick #FollowFridays before I leave the office! #ff (thanks for the link!)
Proves, once again, that LeBron is not a closer. Let's remove him from the list! LeBron is definition of oversell/under deliver.
Best damn ass licker you ever knew nigga
Makanna is kinda great:)
Tis the season to be screamed at by dozens of drunk singing Santa Clauses in the Metro.
Look down and see leg bleeding, automatically assume you're a woman now
We have w/us new #book feat. Interviews, fotos w/Angela Davis, Stokely Carmichel & more
this summer stuff will change I hope
These are just weird almost spammy DMs of people Ive already followed without validating before. Just strtd & happens more & more
The Facebook page calling Erin McHardie Greedy has now been taken down. They cited the outcome of the situation as the reason.
I dont think she understands how much I truly like her & honestly I doubt she ever will want to know or care,
Happy Valentine's Day everyone. And to Matt Harris, I'm so lucky to be in love with you. <3
Great feedback for "Why I Love America; part I, Mugg's Movers" from the IAWTV panel at BlogWorld. Thank you! :-D
looking good bro
Philly only made the B's look good for half the series. Game 2 was a nail-biter and game 4 was inflated by the empty netters.
okay is your job still hiring?
Stairs are my mortal enemy this morning. No more lunges. Not now, not ever.
Damn! Choooo smoked that for a double
I tried to reply to you but you gotta follow me for DM :/ ttys
Looking for Network Engineers today..
Wait . No one talking bout you tho . Calm your fucking balls .
I was a tad disappointed
