My Journal Writing class today discovered the origin of Wonder Woman and just how many X-Men there are. Poor things.
Thanks Sarah! Have fun and good luck in Australia!
you too!
Feel like idont even exist to you anymore !
thanks for the shout-out!
I'm not f'd up Roseanne, everyone is calling for justice for trayvon, but no one knows the real story. What about justice
Baby I love playing with fire but were bout to get burned.. #❤🔥👎
vacation over- back to work tomorrow. enjoying getting web-minded again by reading some blog posts
My stomach is making the oddest noises
have had timeline since sept and I love it. It's great, organized & i love being able to find stuff from 3 years ago. love it
Binay meets with top EU execs in Seoul
Gettin' all Tweety with it. Getting Twitter house in order while nursing sore throat. Follow for all our doings
#YOLO You Only Live Once
Hope everyone has a great first day back!
Signed up to be a running buddy today! Can't wait. cc
At least the Grapevine is nice to drive through this time of year.
FREE TROY DAVIS!!!!!
i'm so happy that i wont be sleeping alone tomorrow.
With the new facebook timelines for brands, wonder what this means for companies whose primary biz was facebook landing tabs
I'm deleting my account tomorrow ...can't enjoy anything anymore someone somewhere always has to ruin shyt....
glad I could make you smile!!
#linsanity in full affect!!! Nice hearing good things from about #knicks phenom...
Watching the stained glass giveaway sign ups on www.americanpbc.org.
Yes, please. Please pray that our Christian TV station's new venture gives us the $ to broadcast the gospel to all of Las Vegas.
Broke my glasses clean in half. Now I'm in what appears to be a LensCrafters in Atlanta, but I can't be sure.
Go get that new mixtape
ugh SAT saturday...
Unfortunately that isn't something that we are good at doing...cats are very hard to rehome! Contact reTails.
It's the June ArtWalk - Festivall Edition! Come see our exhibit at the GoodNews Mountaineer Garage Art Gallery
My favorite FAMU grad, how are you?
nothing just messing with u!! But you got something
Good morning to you Greg
You might like the book 'Ride with Me NYC" by
AND WISH HE WOULD FOLLOW US
RT : is joining the Air Force with me! :D // haha :P
Time to change my look. Hair,makeup and outfits. Spring is the best time to mix it up.
Jerome wins "audience choice" award at
lol very true
Two days of convenings in DC discussing libraries role in community transformation.Awesome. Urgent. Important. Promising.
& , what a great week! NBOC was nothing short of amazing & we are taking care of our customers after last weeks hail!
“Do not work for food that spoils but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you.” - John 6:27
awesome. Well thanks dude.
what makes me say tat about jayz? bcuz he is a evil prick ass big lipped devil loving rapper
I recently started juicing...a surprisingly tasty, and very healthy combination...2 cucumbers, 1 apple, 1 carrot and half a lemon
We aint goin out without a fight, we with whatever
"Time flies, but you are the pilot."Just heard that; sadly, the speaker was otherwise a jackass. Real quote from Michael Althsuler?
About time - Monday, July 18th - National "Get Out of The Doghouse" Day... Hear that honey - honey - hear that!!!???
#iwish I would have handled this whole situation differently.
Stuck working at 4am is not AS bad when is playing live in Melbourne
Back in the country and no panda car =( breakfast w like I was in
Space bags are the technology of the future
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
When you do your US Tour will you come to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
He hates freedom.
false as hell !!
#Rockies Jim Tracy and Tulo looked at video of Tulo's swing, trying to work out kinks. Didn't look good in 1st AB.
report: GOP budget "would enact new tax cuts that would provide huge windfalls to households at the top of the income scale"
Good he deserves it... hope his season is done!
have a blast!!!
You wish.
Human heart.- Greyson Chance "UnFriend You"
We support you and love that you and your child is active in staying healthy! Follow our blog, for tips and other useful info
LOOKING TO GET ON TOUR DATES (SECURITY/BODYGUARD)
#uknowuranerd when u play a game for 3 hours straight and beat it lol
NC sees mobilization on gay marriage
We used to worry about browser compatibility. Now we worry about e-reader compatibility.
Things and stuff are happening.
you share squat with me.
My friends always come to me to make them feel better and ask for my advice. I wish I could listen to it.
Haven't Been On In Forever, Whats All The Mahomies Up To??
I don't think it's normal for families to fight as much as this
Last showing in the USA is coming up - what are your plans after?
OMG THIS WEEKEND WE LEGIT NEED TO SKYPE
another motivational video?
Can't argue with that, brother.
rain rain go away come back another day
RT : I'm smoking TCHO in LA this Sunday 4 : Ppl always ask us if we ever get sick of eating chocolate. Answer?”
At today's meeting: "Twitter is useless for business communication other than for marketing." True?
yeah why?
RT RT : Remember, no matter how old you are, an empty Christmas wrapping paper tube is still a light saber.
No communication leads to imagination. If we don't talk about problems, you are going to imagine the worst. -
And I don’t mind when we fall out as long as we fall back into it.
haha ok short .
RT If its good, it's wonderful, if it's bad, it's experience...no regrets.
Melrose is the place to be.
: "Reinventing mobile gaming and education for kids?" I mean, while we're not overstating things...
whats the difference between us ? we could start at the penis. or scream I DONT GIVE A FUCK and see who really means it.
Happier and healthier than ever!!!!!
W.whoistrillogy.com check out the new webpage!!! Follow
Thanks for your support!
It's quiet in the systems department...too quiet.
hell yeah shit I would to! Lol
Come in and check out some books that inspired Oscar-nominated films! GRUFFALO and LOST & FOUND, we're a-talkin' bout YOU!
All time favorite. Confessions because for like 2 years i was convinced you said my name in that song at the beginning
#ZAP the boys would visit
iPod Error. Forced to Restore
"great eaters and great sleepers are incapable of anything else that is great." - my logic textbook which is clearly FALSE
you invite you host a Pure Romance party with 6 or more girls on one of those two days.
My boyfriend just geeked out harder than Sheldon on Big Bang Theory. Oh my
If Yo Number Aint Saved In His Phone
Fedex cutting jobs .. Who's next?
so i can ask u out
you suck at spelling Watever*
Just made some rhubarb crisp. Luckily, I'm the only one in my family who will eat it.
she's gonna learn how to make hot cheetos in it :p
Thanks for all the donations this week! We'll updated you again on Monday. Have a great weekend. Ride safe.
Our Worksite Wellness Forum is 5/22 at Premera Blue Cross in Mountlake Terrace. Email for more info & to RSVP.
thanks for the #ff! enjoying my saturday.(:
secretly enjoying this. Giggles
Sorta miss ya.. Wanna see your pretty ass in person
Great job on last week!
I'm in the brand-spanking-new WeWork Labs SF this afternoon if anyone wants a tour (as long as you don't mind a bit of construction noise).
HAHA same here! I always get spammed :)
millers my wingman on this night
Even tho I was getting irratated by her >> You_DahOne friends!!
“: Trying to have a little fun for a change.. ;)” Good 4 you! We need more of it! :)
Lmfao Making Me Mad & Ion Feel Good Tel Him 2 Leave Me Alone &&' GoodNight Because I Ain't Talking To Him.
I wish all these girls would realize their potential and stop selling themselves short.
yea my partner calling from 803# it wouldn't let me DM you back
The 11 million followers is Kim K. Not J-Lo just to clarify
hahaha alright i have a ton of hw i put off so imma goo(: have fun with Helen(: bye<3 ~Sarah
did not just tell us he on STRIKE! Because of chicken and spaghetti
you better, or i'll make you. :p
Ooh, that does sound lovely! Will have to find a spot for it on the old day planner...
The Government will help banks but not USPS? How fucked
Let's go blackhawks. Gonna watch till KINGS <3
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
He's just so talented too. #mancrush haha
Send a wish to our company dancers by posting on our page! They would love to hear from you.
Happy 13th bday to my daughter Draper. Plus a SO to Draper for turning 12 this past Wednesday.
Students contributed to scientific community by expanding Wikipedia articles as assignments. High sense of ownership after due date.
Meet , & He knows #CAPS hockey better than anyone!
#Peoplelikeus believe that there are no limits to what we can accomplish
We're back! Special thanks to Comcast. They had their crew out late and early this morning to locate and splice the fiber cut.
you and me both. where is tony terry anyway, talking about eye candy.
Im living to much right now..... jus followed me.....im bout to do a whole brandy concert just cause!!!!
Happy 199th birthday, Charles Dickens! Uh....hope you're relaxing.
Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal Everywhere!
Go for it! Ali Velshi is trying to eat healthier, so maybe he'll take you :-)
An investment in developing your bar/restaurant's social capital, can help you turn the slow days in to special days. Ask me how.
Spurs tuned the Jazz today!
I was worshipping with #whatloveisthis earlier today. What a wonderful and anointed song.My lunch break is just not long enough...
"Never ignore someone who cares for you. Because someday, you'll realize you've lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones."
I'm one of the few who did not care enough to watch the royal wedding.
....but then I remember that I'm having lunch with and it makes it all better.
I'm really happy for you, and I'm gonna let you finish, but turntable.fm was the greatest DJ group of ALL TIME.
Hey EVERYBODY I NEED YOU ALL TO CALL POWER 92.3FM AT 773 375-9248 and request "FEEL MY SWAGGER" by SOLO XQUZIT
Don't know where to apply for a summer job!
: KM failed because it was a side activity. Knowledge sharing is a by-product of getting things done in social software.
Bad ass pic!
We will have to see what craziness is stirred up ;)
#Tigers. Most beautiful double play ever.
Sure - I could buy 10,000 followers... but what would that prove???
Did you know? has met two of her moms celebrity crushes of all time? One being Alan Alda whom she filmed with on Wanderlust.
Cousin Sal is actually understating the advantage you have by not making your picks ahead of time. It's really unfair to him.
I'm not say that I was talk contacts smh
The best time there is XD
Getting ready for my next web project. WordPress was mentioned but after reading client specs, all roads lead to
If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it. -Toni Morrison Say Hi on FB on.fb.me/qc2iDO
Gotta wake up at 5am to go to New York for my class trip! Hope it turns out good(:
idk if that thing is parking pass material!!
So we had a bunch of new "likes" yesterday...where are you guys from and what is your favorite episode so far?
Yummy!! RT “: Cheese cake, cookies, and bread!”
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. ~ Henry David Thoreau
So me being to dumb slut I am liked them. ☺
We're still hiring. V. small company!
Okay now that I'm done with #Stranger, it's #HungerGames time, but that'll take a day. What should be my next literary fix, twitterverse?
LeBron is hated because he told us he was the best ever. He set unattainable expectations. A victim of his own ego.
Thank you Christine.
I miss my best friend 😔
Steph Curry's not on the team anymore right? Then ok, yeah we can play them.
Karma is a bitch .
Think about the ethics of that particular bit of entertainment and then I don't have to feel guilty about cancelling!
If you're around my sister, Taylor Jones please tell her to call me at: 773-875-0043
HA! I just found out the idiot kid's name across the street. Darwin. I think I just peed my pants!
bedtime reading: javascript closures.
I am honored..drop me a tweet when U do. Happy Easter RT : would like to get your music on the show.
ARE YOU PASSIONATE about the environment and about music? Join the Rock the Green team! Send your resume to:
I am in DC Tues/Thurs. Would 30-50 be too many?
I like that answer
Who's going to to see tomorrow for MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE? Can't wait!
What time are y'all going to Waterfront tonight?
I MUST have one. The waffle maker. Ok, and the waffle.
“Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute."-Proverbs 31:8 (NIV)
I'll be seeing you on Saturday morning. Looking forward!
My love life is your highest priority? Honored Mrs. Horan, honored indeed <3
At this pace, the west coast will be lapping our Seder
. Everybody Follow He Follow Back Nd He Gives ShoutOuts So Go Follow Him Nd Me .
Hope you've had a Sensational Sunday shoutout
I have nothing on the calendar at this point. I'll likely end up walking over to that WI beer fest at Bayshore next month.
:Thank you for standing up for what's right! I am so proud that you are my president.
“He who opens a school door, closes a prison.” – Victor Hugo
really were
All I do is sleep or read the newspaper
just did
I would go further.. its the "Paris of grocery stores." RT : Just had someone describe Wegmans as the "Vegas of grocery stores"
HathiTrust: single entity, many partners, bringing libraries closer together
Sometimes the right thing to do is not to do anything at all.
Training with video is ever surprising, for instance - how to evacuate a prison, how to be a visitor at a hospital
They way you do anything is the way you do everything.
News From TTB: Disclosure of Cochineal Extract and Carmine in the Labeling of Wines, Distilled Spirits, and Malt Beverages required.
Rays won!! So excited for the playoff games!!! So exciting!! I LOVE MY Rays!!!
“: For every actress that gets a Hollywood lead role, 1200 other actresses are forced into the pornography industry.”
ugh lucky. You left me at this hell hole by myself :(
When that dude enters your subway car reeking of weed and you're like, "Happy Wednesday, Bro."
follow back
oh no you didn't! *snaps fingers* :)
People piss me off. Not in the mood to deal with people right now.
Can we please get a home run shot out here in the ATI Club?
and he be floppin his ass off smh
I know, right? Oh well, it happens! I'll just have to wait until we play the Cubs :)
No, we didn't have any handouts, just a script with a scene partner, so you're good. Hope to see you next week! :)
Watching an episode of law and order svu where the judge refused to sign a warrant because there was no probable cause.
HaHa, I did! It's MINE and I'm giving it away, because I'm SO nice :)
do you think the #mets will make the playoffs this year?
Cirque du soleil rules ... pardon my french
Who is out in the big Sac tonight?!?
Good Morning World... putting my projections to bed but have to admit; recrunching the numbers more time consuming than I thought .... :(
The #Bulls should not be down in this series. Iggy is shooting 31% [19-62 FG], only has hit 3 3-pointers, hasn't gone for 20 points yet.
Tune into WPFW tonight from 10 pm to 1 am for a John Coltrane special in honor of his 85th birthday.
working orientation as
Good morning! Morning checklist. Coffee....check! Yup I'm good to go now! Happy Friday everyone.
Crazy RT I mean, no Heat player outside LeBron/Wade/Bosh scored after the 3rd quarter. Tough to win 3-on-5.
I'm not on a set date just need to get away from things and when I feel like heading back I will
and always thinking you're right. And the coolest motherfucker out there.
Where do you work? I'm guessing we know a lot of the same people.
YES we can certainly use them!
I'm good. I'm a retired model and working actress these days. Lol
Not justifying Olivia and the Presidents affair but it all make sense now.
I hate Ironing this what a need a girl for>>??
I've got two suggestions for my #WTFPlaylist for the commute home. Gimme ONE suggestion! I will blast it out the car windows no matter WHAT!
Just helped Yaz make herself some dogz for lunch :)
in here working on fixed me. Sounding god
congrats #Austin Young Lawyers for 1st place overall in the TYLA awards of achievement for the last bar year!
Placed 4th at Miami open ibjjf tournament
I'm starting to suspect that Draw Something is just a really easy game. That, or me and my partners are just rockin' it. Nah...
Lakers wasn't expect that. Wow
RT : Wow RT : Elias: Jamie Moyer has pitched to eight percent of all hitters in major league history.
LOL. Yeah.. 党在我村 to you too.
In Labor .
it seem like my grandmother finds a way every freakin day to piss me off qnd this shizzz is makin me really angry
The only thing worse than a dementor is a dementor wearing flip flops. That sound is going to kill the rest of my sanity today.
The Hunger Games #LessAmbitiousNovels What?
thank you sir!
I felt like I did a lot better on my PSAT because of your class. It's sad that students won't have that advantage anymore!
Happy Mothers Day Pattie! Thank you for bringing Justin into the world and letting him live his dream. He couldn't do it without you!
Every night I have a dream about some crazy shit & this one specific person from my past always shows up in it :\
...staring that is! I need to wake up!!
hahaha yeah! I'll just turn in two book reports ha.
you obvi. Never had cookie dough ice cream ..
For your sake, make her cum 👍
I know that you like working on the Stage. So wanted to let you know that I got my Actors Equity card yesterday.
Gwen Stacy: Ah! Peter Parker: What is it babe?! Gwen Stacy: I saw a spider! I HATE spiders! Peter Parker: guhhhhhhhhhhh
no I'm pissed off like hell
I can see the light at the end of the tunnel, but I'm just sitting here in the dark, unmoving. It's really cold in here.
thanks for the warm Twitter welcome!!!!
it was like you know
did the heat win?
O, nice comeback! Do better! Lol. Hey, how 'bought some more antiquated racial slurs? Get out ur Amos and Andy records
Too many robotic followers out there! Walk your own path, think your own thoughts, have your own beliefs! Be authentic...
Getting interviewed on graycenycradio.com! Tune in!
If it snows during the Shamrock Run tomorrow I might cry.
He's got a photographic mind. Too bad it never developed.'
On this day in 2011, Edge retired as the World Heavyweight Champion.
Happy Mother's Day!
Not essential to remove knots but talk to your therapist for the ultimate relaxation experience
Have a nice afternoon.
proposes amendment to HR1070 requiring companies provide annual audited financial statement under
& my dads doesn't even back me up anymore.
didn't know they played tonight! Glad you had fun!
Girls being overly excited and extremely loud in the mornings
I know! I laughed out loud. He's a friend of mine from high school. Very funny.
sitting in civ pro class
You have any crazy dreams lately?
u around? Had a quick Q for you.
great, now, we're interested in you.
hey there miss fancy, what u up to
Hello! Do u know a way to help Google crawl/index sharepoint javascript menus/links? Wonder of there's a SP plugin or something...
Grace Period is a Non Profit started in Washington, DC & Kingston, JA.
have you watched any of your old contest videos recently? :)
Someone else with no children took the family parking space at the mall before I could grab it. Glad I'm not the only one that does that.
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
I'm learning how to make drupal themes. global naming and assumptions everywhere.
Before you would say he meddled too much in the team's decisions, but now that he no longer does that he's inept cause he ALLOWS
My sister bogus az hell but I got her doe
sounds fun!
robbing people of inhalers and cough syrup. man...the streets are ROUGH these days.
2 Chainz says he wanted to keep things real when choosing Drake as the feature for his latest smash “No Lie.” Watch
absolutely delicious
seeing , voice activated lamps onstage, beer activated fans in crowd
I really like what you've done with the committee. I fully support that effort---and I think others on the committee are on board
I Was Watching Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs Then I Think I Saw You On The commercial :0
cant wait to get home
ta-ta-totally jealous
Whats good sis how's life been treating you
Corporate personhood rights were developed by a supreme court that was simultaneously defending the institution of slavery
and are looking forward to hosting a big data and #Hadoop training session in Maryland. Stay tuned for details!
The sentence gives the proper sequence, but we aren't yet able to do the encoding. If you have suggestions, please let us know!
Hate to miss two Christmas parties tonight. :(
Enjoy working today! (How's that?)
Happy Birthday !
Post here when you release some cool new stuff, and I'll pay for it! (I'm a big fan of Meta-Message.)
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Getting from Jamaica to Cuba | Caribbean Travel Guide
...when you check your spam folder to find enough porn to keep you busy through the wknd...smh
Mixing a sci-fi rock opera makes me want to go home and watch The Event or Battlestar Galactica.
Let's be positive about this. He has force outs at both third and second now.
hurumph. KanLib gets the news before employees? Sounds about right...
just make sure the teleporter isn't experimental like in #Spaceballs... "Why didn't anyone tell me my ass was so big" lol
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no is watching.
Hey guys. Sorry I didn't get on yesterday. I didn't get to see breaking dawn at the premiere but I did see it Joliet. My thoughts...Amazing!
the pacers nigga?!?
Not your kind of people new album te
I knew you wouldn't hit me up again..
solved my first support ticket this morning. woohoo! I have a feeling this will make me obliged to solve more. bring it on.
What if you have a case that hides the actual home button?
I'm pretty sure we have talked about that... And somehow overcame it in our friendship once... Do we have to re hash this conflict?
Tracking is difficult. Fundamentally tagging all your links is essential
listening to...stigmatic...it's the ETHER that makes the soul burn slow! Luv Nas!
Best Fans in the world! empiresupportersclub.com "HAPPY 2011 PART 2" party this Saturday. Music by Tony Cirne and Victor Fonseca.FREE WI-FI
You calling me old? lol jk
Just wrapped for Flock. What an amazing day. I love being around amazing actors and filmmakers! I love my life!
Those nappy headed hoes; but my kitchen good
Now Following ;)
Nice! Thanks bro
Thanks for the RT!! =]
Officially a painting instructor. Let's get the paint flying!
no problem anytime
aw man she messed herself up? Pic?
leg process can benefit from crowdsourcing of info ( )
#show i like mag & pic w/hat a kiosk 4 #vegas Silk Secrets Beverly Hills Club Flamingo like concept
Gettin ready 2 go 2 school...we got a field trip yaa :) #Christianschoolswagg then we r out 4 spring break...thank God
Anyone looking for a touring sound guy? Hit me up! Also im a recording engineer if you need good studio time =]
Much better! :)
Rules of the road for a boundary less economy #edu2011 #edu11 Data is rocket fuel of innovation
Make your own Monday! You pick the 4 wines you wanna taste, only $14. Happy Hour kicks 4-7pm. Enjoy.
Isn't New York wonderful?! Will be there for a week in early June.
So you wanna do something April 11-13, 2012? Gotcha covered..
GA Gwinnett College continues to push the envelope. They are now looking at digitizing lectures & making learning more accessible
Very impressed by quick & direct response to my earlier tweet! That's some solid engagement & how good #PR is done my friends!
It'll be amazing if you'll follow us back, thanks :)
Did everyone wish a happy birthday?
yo falloutt sorry i missed 2 streams i will be at ur next one but yea im so sorry man
Not loving either Moodle or the server right now. Everything slow & lots of "cannot find" errors.
Of course not! Congrats to you guys! RT : Don't forget us! RT : Pele Gold awarded to for Room Service!
Chillin in midtown h-town... Enjoying the nite!!!
dammit. Got tix for another show same night in sf. Wish I had seen this first.
“: Excited because this week get to meet this Wednesday ”
r u going to the bowlin alley Friday?
re: Books at home - Hard to prove causation there. I bet there's other reasons that the kids of parents who keep books at home read.
your hair color is rockin!
God is doing something right now. Not sure exactly what it is but I'm happy about it.
#TheVibratorPlay by was amazing! wonderful work.
RT I'm pretty excited - we gave our website an overhaul and it's ready! I welcome your feedback. Please check it out! rkpr.net
Fish Fry in the books, now how 'bout a big win for the Crew!?
“: RT you've ever had the lead in a game, only to lose on the last turn because of pesky leftover tiles knows that
GO BUY YOURSELF SOME AUSTIN MAHONE TICKETS! Theyre onsale NOW! goodluck, wish I could come. <3
haha no problem! I'm from long islandd
a Harvey Milk Day. that's an of course
"It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up."
My boyfriend died :( RIP I love you.
This tattoo is taking forever to peel
Stop looking in the merrier merry! you'll get your self all horny. hahaha.. lol
#4 will be the best Christmas! we're looking forward to ours in punta cana
Cheers to all!
Lets see how this goes...
☼Naked I seek the camp of those who desire nothing.
I love youu katie!< 3 I miss you:/ planss soon girl!(:
Hello twitter!! How you doin? :)
that it is!! Watch it rain soon. The bay's weather changes SO much. Lol
Thx Mark. Whats every1 else seeing? Like it or not, how are your customers changing?
Currently reading The Beginner's Goodbye by Anne Tyler.
can't change members views but shared concerns with them last year - skipped this year. Definitely a mixed bag.
do you wanna see it? (:
Has this world been so kind to you that you should leave with regret? There are better things ahead than any we leave behind. -
everyone be sure to support tonight, keep the local tunes alive!
-- Which one of the two is your final answer?
Jeez that's some nasty.
lol what can I say :) Thanks!!
The wine is flowin' like beer! Prob cause it is beer
Rebel America lands song placement for Fuse's "Hoppus On Music" Congrats to Songwriter - Dom Gonnella!
If people had a clue about my truth...
Rainer Braun from Germany. 70% of world budget spent on militarization.
or go to a library
yes!!! We do!! If graduation isn't inside on Friday we should go together!! Are u gonna be here this weekend?
Thanks for the RT, guys!
haha nahh I'm good it's ceramics so the floors are like dirtier than in any other class >.<
lmfao wtf are you talking about.
We are fellow Tauruses. ;)
testing garza all night lol keep it going
It is on in GAFE too!
this is the first weekend im trying uber but its crazy expensive!!!
Cooked my lonely ass some shrimp.
haha I had too
I love when you smile baby. You are just gorgeous.
yay! Get your logo here inside of egg head! Welcome to the party!
Last night I slept with the lights on cuz I was too lazy to turn em off.
HELLA S/O to and congrats on #corstenscountdown250 get online NOW and join the party! WOOOOHOOOOO!
i bet this goes on at directors meetings all the time, doesn't it? :)
I miss my baby :(
Completed move from Delicio.us to Google Bookmarks. It's sad when a great product goes downhill because of corporate trading..
Is It Hawt ?
Nice win, especially with the way Haren was pitching.
Perhaps the Mayan's were right. I can't imagine a new year without Dick Clark.
Starting to get a grip on this HootSuite thingamajig
truck race today! lets go ty dillion and joeyy
No, Beyonce likes diamonds and if Rita Ora is a success, Jay-Z gets a payoff and buys diamonds for Beyonce.
I love the communal table. Today I eavesdropped on 2 elderly Israeli men telling each other jokes.
Do you have to park so close?
Watching today's historic match Houston vs D.C. On
Working on my book's final chapters.... Almost done.
yay I know super exciting!!!
Ok that doritos ad is my fav so far
Welcome to our Newest Followers! We need you. #Boston #GiveBack Pls RT!
#happymothersday to all and to all a great day!!
TONIGHT- The Black Honkeys will be at from 7:30-11:30pm!! Come on out!!
nice! Have fun!
even tho the man can do no wrong. Jeter isn't retarded, these other ny players should take notes
We can already see an egg on Elways face
awesome! How long are you staying bc I have to go to my nanas today?.
#sixers Yo Brand has to give us more in this series than he did against the Bulls
Hey what a nice surprise! Turned on TV &I get 2watch U play game today. Guess I'll cheer for the Yankees, who would'a thought?
we will forward your request to our advertising team. Thanks again... Now go get you some #Monicals Pizza! :)
busy firming up some projects today.. mixer tonight dtown DC.. BIG sponsor mtg tomorrow and Boston this weekend for the 4th to see my fam!!!
hey i just met you on omegle. can you follow backk plzzz?
Where are at my twitter buddies?
Happy Friday everybody!
Testing twitteringing from my phone.
Done with work already! Sleep time
Agreed. Full of outdated clichés much, Glamour? Kinda sad.
dam rite Never give up hustle loyalty respect and Always
suddenly realizes that watching the debate alone is lonely.
have fun! Its ok to slip a "Lets go Bucs" yell tonight..
we'll talk about it. Wendell and I already discussed lmao
FOLLOW ME
so cute
Good day all! Hope everyone has a blessed weekend!
at #herworld. You personify what every girl should strive 2 be. Faith, family & a desire 2 make the world better
hm... Not sire if we have one nearby
Butler wouldn't even do that.
. Maybe we both need smthg like: if Last.Sushi.Delivery < 30 days then display "We think u might have a problem. Love, "
next you'll be waving a white towel like patty mills. Lol.
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Boozie delightfullness. RT This is wonderful: Australian wine puts wine-making infographics on its bottle labels. bit.ly/qdfDIw
Doing my 100day challenge is very challenging but im doing it and everyday I get more done than the day before.
Thanks for being active in building a culture of life in this nation!! Congrats on the big win Thursday!!
watching the NBA Finals... until my 15 minute break is up. Working third shift is severely cutting in to my life as a sports fan.
awesome. Thanks.
funny how it really is a choice some days. Always a great decision though.
#IMISS you n u kno who u r..i wont explain wus understood..ily<3
i didnt see that it said her
eww i have to read xP
By the next change of millenia the richest and most powerful of us will be completely forgotten, superpowers will came and went...imagine!
I feel stupid retweeting ... b/c eveyone on twitter should be following.
Hiya! Figured it might be a good idea to follow you :)
#communicationwin “: If you want to know whether someone has understood you ask them to summarise their understanding.”
When things are at their worst, keep on going, this means they can only get better from here.”
me too. i'll just pop over to for another pippin' hot cup. i think there's a mcdonald's close to your shop.
is starting & growing a food-based business in NYC. And freestyling.
she is stunning! as for time i still remember the first time i met you at santa monica civic when i was Bill's wife! memories!
Oh my, dirty bass... Oh you got it like that... I can work that bad! Let me get that...
Is reading "Making a Living Without a Job: Winning Ways for Creating Work That You Love" and hoping to be inspired!
dude. Even Seth Rogan is engaged. Boo.
Want to be a part of our music? ASK US HOW!!!
Trying to attend #mbta fare cut hearing feels a lot like riding the Green Line: no space in room, no overflow room, no clear backup plan.
Dusty is making the lineups.
all this bitching bout lebron still , how he MVP tho ?
When someone offers you a last-minute Of Montreal ticket, you say yes. Hello, Chicago!
it's been on the top of my list forever, sounds great!
Omg, I'm listening the Alanis Morissette Cd and I immediately feel jaded about life.. and I love it!
So I have to jump in. LMFAO at Blair and Nomas as 1 of "the couples."
ur such a sweetie... I luv u bunches
Newsroom working to find the source of the loud noise withing the past hour. Details as we know them. #wsfa Anything from your end?
seriously I don't know(; everyone needs some of our swag(;
BLACKBERRY TO LOW FOR RADIO USE. Omg fuuccck you blackberry fuck youu :@
Maybe! But Kansas City is so much better!
Sounds a bit low-key for you.
Do we pass the test, "Deal or Dud," on Fox 45 this Wednesday morning show at 7:50 am? Watch Fox 45 for the answer.
She Just Took It :) .
Needless to say, I fell even more in love with her
Fans even booing the UTEP band!
Have a great time Erick! Much love for using ShowClix :)
I read 'em last year. my recommendations is can't get thru 1 (probably book 4), watch the movie and move on to the next one
We are talking about that on next Monday! Taxes during Ath. plague of Peloponnesian War, Justinian, and then the Black Death
Read Chapter 9 of Jasmine Absolute right now on our website!
hope u feel better Matt<3 LOVE YA:) i'm sure u are going to be en los premios juventud<3333
The cashier at Mcdonald's greeted me by name this morning. I think I just took my fatness to a whole new level.
way to make us sound wimpy haha
Belafonte supported a program to bring Kenyan students to the U.S. for study & exchange. One student was Barack Obama Sr.
OMG RT Re my 2009 survey US woman was homeless on street and going 2 surgery. Lost everything 2 pay 4 surgery.
You know that you've reached new levels of uptightness when your 70-year-old father has to tell you to hang loose and relax.
Really wanna skip scu…
. & I are debating: does anyone care to talk about Interleague Play or is it a dead topic since it'll be everyday next year?
I'm obsessed with that song. “: take me down like i'm a domino.... #onrepeat”
RT if you have skin
Haha! RT : we don't have to move...YOU do! MOL! Cats go where we please
My friends are amazed by how much I love my job. 2morro I teach. Not so 4those #Miramonte teachers, ripped from their students
TF im go do without my phone ????
ME TO!!!! we need to spread this around school.
absolutely!!! New house is 2 miles from the one in downtown Franklin. But we can do the Puckett's tour. :)
This bed is freakin comfortable !
Fowler looks likean idiot in all orange & his stupid mustache....
RT Moonwalking away after mugging someone because you're a smooth criminal.
where's the fight party tonight
Lol im so Bob Marley!!!! (high)
I never sleep I never try I never eat with you on my mind your the sun to my shine your amazing, beautiful, handsome, & ALL MINE. <3
taking a little break from twitter , need to just chill out .
his dancing was better!!
I mean, what else could it be? The chili alarm?
YOU NEED TO SEE THIS PLEASE AND FOLLOW ME I PROMISE YOU IT WILL BE THE BEST THING YOU DO IN YOUR LIFE
Be careful Garmin, you're dangerously close to ruining "Carol of the Bells" for me. Check yourself.
*pins you to the ground* damm girl! *squeezes cheecks to get them* RT : Damn. :( *stuffs brownies in my mouth & runs*
Almost all of this week's is dedicated to Larry Clark. Good stuff. cc
Really loving my #Sleep fragrance from #BathAndBodyWorks -_- ...so soothing.. z
Jamming to aventura pandora station
Our dog's birthday is today - she's turning 5!
“Unless your heart, your soul, and your whole being are behind every decision you make, the words from your mouth will be empty, and each...
I'm drinking a Dig and it is spectacular.
Thanks for the re-tweet! :)
Ill keep everyone posted!
Really liking spicy foods should be considered a form of masochism 😂
This could spark a good debate. Best Chinese food in the city? RT : I want Chinese food tonight. Make it so.
yo ass is crazy
No prob! Have a great day! :)
i am eating tacos. this makes me cooler than you.
blah, we need to hang out and burn one...
nothin same over here
McDonalds does kidney transplants now.
My mom wants me to be perfect.. Not happening mom lol
yeah i hear what your saying
I am at the aurum lounge. I think they made a mistake with the latin. I know my periodic table...
HOOAH! RT : #shehechat A3: I don't mindslidesbut they should not be the presentation. You are the presentation. What's in your brain.
Off to work soon! :-) Ill be leaving for work when you get off! -slaps knee
which is bigger news, Tiger missing the cut or 59-year old Tom Watson tied for the lead?
U R right. Sounds great. Lots of options. GM salmon for PEI link. All kinds of lab animals, from bacteria to mammals. Good luck!
Why did you unfollow me three days after following me? Did you not like my to you?
We're in a really good place now.
it happens with auto stuff, sorry. Following back again. LOL! Happy thanksgiving.
We met, we talked, we liked, we texted, we dated, we committed, I loved, u cheated, we're done, you're deleted. #wedone :/
Nice avatar----
My new obsession
Onwards through Chinatown-- all clear now!
I would do it. Trade with NE if u can.
What do all you fine #socialmedia folks use as your twitter client/service for brand account? Is Hootesuite still cool?
Women comedians just aren't funny unless they have the humour and personality of a man.
U hate ants so do i U like basketball so do I U love to sing, so do I You like to make people smile, so do I! Let's hook up :)
girl people talk about people regardles Can't make anyone and everyone happy. As long as your happy that's all that matters
Prince James - "Call Me That" Freestyle (Music Video) YL.: via
get purple haze in a boot!!!!! Love the #biergarden!!!!
thanks for the #FolloWednesday shout out!
Friday again! Hit some live music spots & buy some CDs & tees! Enjoy the weekend, safely!!
Does anyone know if the Jack in the Box is open yet on 116th and Allisonville road? If not, I'll have to visit at Culvers.
PR=personal record, like in running. Only by word count...dorky writerly humor which is probably not really humorous
RT : When you're mid-message and they beat u to it. There's nothing like being on a persons mind when they're on yours. Ahh!
On El Cajon Blvd & Oregon next to the Chicken Pot Pie Shop
good dreams!
next show - wed feb 16 - renfield's corner, dallas 9pm Free Show
It's called the forgetting hormone :)) I don't have my own but I see how it is thru friends and cousins. A lot of work!
Let's leave no words unspoken, and leave regrets for the broken.
that's awesome! Do you have a webcam yet?! You need one.
Google Drive downloaded to my phone, but Google Drive says it is not available yet? What a country...
RT : brand new release. It includes Facebook integration, powerful new Post UI, YouTube video integration and more.
Shutout to ma tigers across the globe
Good talk this evening by Ruth Mostern on 2500-year environmental history of the Yellow River
awww, you should have told her that it's an American custom to take pictures of your masseuse's feet.
Music for 18 Musicians should be required listening for any team!
. Cuss wee Gotta BIG dae Tumorrow
“: <--- homo tweeter” <------ am not your just mad cause woody ain't come see you
Work in the food industry? Learn how to recognize common backroom hazards and recommended safe work practices.
Yanks and Redsox's.....what gives?????
Foxy got you hot, cause you kept your face in her puss,
Q: This whole snake thing is just a metaphor, right? A: I assure you, the snakes are very real.
I turned on a show called pawn stars and was verry dissapointed.
Damn that sucks
I only watch the last 30 seconds each week and I HATE it
Congrats Class of 2012...welcome to the club!
Heavyweight Champion Joe Frazier dies from cancer.
yep.. just ordered some grass fed beef top sirloin.
"My middle finger gets a boner whenever I think of you."
lol good luck sir.
In my dream Thanksgiving, we would dress like vikings and eat with our hands on a huge wood plank table. Instead I ate at the kiddie table.
Looking to exercise your taste buds? Register to be a taster at www.TasteTweet.com Remember, u taste then tweet. Plz RT
Hell of a game!
So sick today...I think it all finally caught up!!!
Tonight is the night www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=243491828997375 looking forward to this!!!!!!
RT : Come to tonight (4th & Bainbridge) at 9 for Fibber! I'll be telling a story which MAY OR MAY NOT be a fib.
Life it's never flat
The more lawyers therThe more lawyers there are, the more people are out there to encourage others not to go to law schoole.
Do it!
Did you see your reference on ? It prolly wasn't perfectly placed, but it was still in my head, so I did it anyway.
An anti-Scientology tweet by any other name is just as sweet.
The face I make when I poop >>>>>>
haha wow REBEL! :D
Not to happy with my friends or anyone else today...(but hey it happens!)
Freakshow. The Korova. Tonight. Bands, Dj's, slick dickens, cardinal health. Corner of Soledad and Martin. One night only
So weird to look in the Tweetstream of someone you interact with regularly and see all kinds of anti-gay-rights stuff.
man you have failed me...
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers out there
Are y'all ready for a contest from BonfireJam? Tune-in to our official Facebook page for information on how you could win a backstage tour!
o fun ! What are you listening to ?
it was good to see her stand up for herself. Next weeks episode I'm gonna die a little inside
I want to win!
Sup man. How can I get ahold of the #BucTown singles? Mine are terrible quality.
happy birthday babe<3 I hope your day is just as amazing as youu(: I love you so much<3
Wow I hate being in NYC today with a bunch of giants fans.
If there are particular new books you'd like to see us carry, please email us your suggestions.
I'm trying to see if I'm getting my phone again this weekend.
Vegas's polo is KILLING my eyes.
what was that about? #unfollow “: Boy if you don't shutup boy I show you something”
In LA now - let the apartment search begin!
I'm just gonna TRY my very best to stop thinking about it and pretend you never came back into my life
I need to go out tonight.
Hope to see members of and tweeting in for tonight's #YPNChat at 8 PM CDT! cc:
Chill nails it RT : Duncan - All Skill no Flash,,,, Griffin - All Flash no Skill,,,who would you rather have..damn highlights
#hotforteacher is extremely excited to see you tomorrow Bring your game face. We gettin wild.
A whole bunch of weird ass people. They wanna be buddy buddy with you one minute but then act funny acting the other minute smfh
Thank you for RT! Glad to share with you !!
What item of clothing best describes your personality, Seattleites?
Just wrote a brutally awesome #bootcamp workout for to be done on 3/31 at 8 & 10am!!! Super excited!
I know..its just irritating when someone just think they know so freaking much about you but don't know a cent
Don't wait on tomorrow to come to take advantage of today's agenda. Procrastination is the archenemy of success.
You have my heart , he's just renting.
I don wanna sleep........ Please get out..... Yeahh I love you but I don wanna you sleep... :@
meant u havent had a 3td game yet
if she dies... I might cry!
I saw THE AVENGERS today. That was pretty good. :)
Brenda is asking advice @ going to Hawaii. Going on business trip to Oahu. Should I go to another island? what things should I definitely..
Liszt was def an inspiration to heavy metal.. came about in the middle of the romantic period that circled around emotion..
thanks for a great time at my first practice!
Yea the umpiring helped him but Garcia couldn't take tht advantage
love love love! Gagas thanksgiving! Now I still need to get stuffed!
I don't think so. I'm not mocking Carl's name. I'm mocking his actions.
I'm gonna have to walk... And swim. I got this.
Welcome to #NOLA “: On my way to Nola..looking forward to some hoops, fattening food, & warm weather..”
best 1st dance wedding song- Better Together by Jack Johnson!!!!
Last commit for the night: "Adding preloading of all modules. Holy speed increase Batman."
How fast do you want to go? LTE Network Ready For December Launch In US | eWEEK Europe UK eweekeurope.co.uk/news/lte-netwo… via
Just read your column and wanted to comment. If we have 2 superstars on our team, why not give it to the hot hand?
This week is going by so quickly...knock on wood
Finally taking my acting into my own hands... It feels good.
Got me demo's done by Those joints went from ok to amazing.
I wonder what looks like with the #ponytail down?
Blooper extends Castro's hit streak to 10 games.
#Terps #feartheturtle need this W let's go terps!!
Thank you for the follow. Cheers!
#CageKelly with the snipe for the win! Bruins lead series 1-0.
"Georgia On My Mind"
Hahah getting ribs on the corner by the NBC towers. Sounds not safe but okay. Hahaha stop walking fat or pregnant girl you're gonna get hit
#frequentlyaskedquestions are you mixed with german
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Seattle Post Intelligencer
Rereading: Archive Fever. Thinking about Abu Ghraib & photography and the kinds of taking-place taking place
“ good night”
thanks for the #SO this morning
Good job,just wished it was filmed!
what happened. Why u cry
yes, maybe later! Will be great to see you!! Love you! :)
Only 1 week left until is closed for the season - have no fear, they will be back in the spring
A plan in the mind of a man is not a plan
there is a difference in embracing "old school" and being stuck in "old school". You can't dig your way out
tomorrow after class I'm free! lol then Monday!
At the Burbank Airport, waiting on my flight to Austin. Happy to avoid LAX.
what, you didn't see him at cherry hills country club last night?
I got then went
Bvlgari found my bag... Who wants to gift me?
it really isn't a secret any more... HUM
Am starting new acting classes using hypnosis and I tell you it is a great way to let character come through you..better then a poltergeist.
No kidding. I imagine that there's an app for it on the iPhone that I'm just completely unaware of.
I got stood up tonight
you KILLED that dance with Louis and !!!! I miss you two dancing together!
Another great bookkeeping tip is to outsource to Mazuma!
Im on a mission to get mine I dont talk about it baby I be about it baby you know on a mission to get mine I wont stop til everybody knows
Good win for the #bucks. Jackson completely took over
Wow!!! 1st Don Cornelius now Dick Clark!?!?
Is it Friday yet?
i think mc hammer show is going to be good....
Boston Strikes 1st, quick goal off the face off, Might be a Mark Recchi Deflection
Baby sissy is snoring cuz shes so tired! Im gonna have to wake her up though so my mom can sleep through the night.
Southern Arizona Celiac Support (SACS) - Explorer News Southern Arizona Celiac Support (SACS) Explorer News What: Lecture and General Mee
Didn't realize the treadmill was still on when I went to wipe it down and had quite the entertaining fall! Could have been way worse!
ha ha sweet. send me the link :-)
Use media of all types- not just digital- to make museums more social
awesome! Can't wait to hang them!
happy birthday!!!!!
Lots of visitors tonight! We were invaded by Georgia Tech and UWM folks tonight, along with a Canadian!
I get flyers in my email for events in LA, Austin, and now... Brooklyn? I must be classified as a hipster.
lol well when I get on the computer we could promo eachother and gain if u want :)
RT : Using big words to sound smart... Oh, I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence. <-----that's my brother 👍
ooooookkk! Print out directions!
What was Jon Baker's unit ID on the show CHiPs? Answer: Seven Mary Three.
I can't bring me one :) RT : My sandwich was banGinG! Go Get u one....
lol nahh I won't hurt nobody :)
to be able to share my path photos into my feed like twitter, FB, 4sq, and tumblr
I love computer classes.
After a surreal, star-studded weekend, we're back to work preparing for our annual #Christmas concerts at the !
KEEP HITTING HIM!
extending UNCONDITIONAL LOVE AND THANKS to all the vets out there for everything you have done for us.
Sammie is my most favorite grandaughter luv her very much even if she does like cheese and butter sandwiches lol
I love how Grandma SImpson is CGF and #FoodThatHasCrackInIt are trending at the same time omg :')
trying to figure out whether I wanna go out or not! Hbu?
ahh luckyy youu! i tried to get UVIP but they were all sold out! i kept saying no matches found! i will again next week
see him sometimes at the mall. w/ all the other lawyers. talking abt price-fixing the broadcast/cable tv :30 spot rate
I miss you guys so much ):
I grew up on #whitneyhouston music. "How Will I Know?" "I Wanna Dance with Somebody" + "Greatest Love of All" dominated my 80s + 90s :(
u know u do lol
I feel so revived.
Australia bound next week. Ready to ride a kangaroo and get lost in the outback!
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason so few engage in it. -Henry Ford
I'm told people hate when you're doing something right. It threatens them. Let them hate. It's all motivation.
Bay Area traffic so ugly in rain. One more reason why I do Caltrain
Great time tonight at Phil's in Arlington! stole the show! Thanks to and for the opportunity to play!
Good work figuring out three of us!
If you use the N word then you have no right to get upset at the MJB #BurgerKing commercial.
Went today for a slice of strawberry-rhubarb pie & was denied. We sold week's worth of pies in 1 day! MC making more...
suck it up
alright W.E
Happy birthday to Sophia!!
Word to your Mother.
Honored to represent the hard work of staff and corps during meeting with today in Milwaukee.
#Verizon #DSL is having problems with #DNS lookups tonight. It's not broken, but it is slow. Good thing I have #Clearwire as an alternate.
Impressive congrats on surviving the sun. Who needs #yodertoenails and #yodernipples anyway
Perhaps a broader consideration is that insurance increases availability of health services in Indian Country
Benton falls to McDonnell.
Hey Sara..You busy?
um....eww. You also forgot to add that you snore like an old man.
I'm only getting older.
I miss basketball.
yeah:-) ..but now u can root for the Stl Blues #StanelyCup1/4Finals
The Work Ethic « Welcome to Planet Terry
kind of like my dog. she hits her head all of the time and she's managed to stay somewhat normal.
lol...I told Orie I'm on the lookout for her..Do I need to be looking for you as well?..lol
But the dirt still stains me. So wash me, until I'm clean.
Ripken Stadium against the Ironbirds might be a good idea?
Officially goodnightand goodmorning beautiful people of earth,may the forces of good bestow on your beautiful slumbers and early awakenings.
woah, meta, you're all dressed as hipsters.... ;-)
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Fantasy baseball question who's is the better pick up on the Yankees to close games? Soriano or Robertson?
KIM YOU MUST TAKE LOTS OF PICS OF DUBAI
Most used letter in the alphabet?
OK, dammit, we are doing it and there will be a space shuttle involved. Maybe even dinner out just to say we did.
I love me some White Chocolate Mocha.<3
My monkey went to 6th with his biffles and left me in his room to study, but he did leave food, drink, and background music.
you "supporting" everybody but the important one ...... =
from now on and I call you #Nostradamus. HUGE win!
": Love it...just got an email from the producers of Troubadour, Tx..looks like me and Florin Sanchez will be... What????
coroner and police on the west side of Lake Merritt ???
Free on Oct 1? In Pittsburgh, PA? Come down to the Penn Brewery. Boulevard of the Allies play at 7. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
bringing great NOLA artists to the people!!! Keep it up!!
I will never forget my memories at Trinity with all my brothers
Thanks a lot! RT : Your place looks awesome!
RT : I jus wanna look pretty and go to dinner for my bday. Simple right?
Mary Kay Truth About Abuse national survey reports #victims struggling to find jobs & #shelter expect situation will only get worse
My shit messed up
living young,wild & free!
Good evening #bcsm. I'm in LA - officially NED now!!!
lets do it haha
Going for a new Iphone today!! Wish me luck ;)
"Blah blah blah" -teachers
will do, my sistah!
yes! i love teen wolf. when does it come back on? dm mee.? <3
RT "#tweetshout...a tweet shout out."pass it on ;)
"Good seeing y'all. : It was great to see my brother in the D yesterday! is a great speaker.
Love the attitude! RT : Great day to remember that you are exactly where you should be.
. They were deconstructed
Albon: Ignore politics at your peril, tools for governance, not governance through tools- integrate tools to make gov effective
what up bro! We still gotta link. Phonix told me you got stuck at the studio. I'm at the same spot
Broken down on the side of the road. Yep. I feel sorry for my aunt/ uncle. :/
Number one I do not get jealous of anyone number two I have been taking photographs since I was very young like 7
PreCal test; prepare to be dominated.
thanks dude!
He knows who he is
This is the day that the Lord has made, we will rejoice & be glad in it.
RT : #FF Bringing the #juvenilejustice news to you from the South Eastern US!
As a Drexel grad I wonder how this will change the CAA tourny no reason to have it on Richmond or Norfolk now
In my Opinion, foursquare can use geolocation data to deliver even more hyper local ads when their users check-in. Great for SMB.
If all you do is talk about people, then i must not like yourself very well
RT : RT : I hate it when I forget people's names
people is hella thirsty for
thanks for following! Check out our iPad/laptop app for real-time student data. We are being used by schools in Gaston, NC.
Lucy&#39;s Home Job Listing » Participants Needed/$175.00 (Houston )
When you're tired, draw strength from God. When you're speechless, talk to God. When you're lonely, there is God.
My phone is being stupid -.-
we will make it work suggie! I can't want to be able to pop over for a little weekend visit! Whew, the search is finally over!
sort out my nuts and fuck off
literally lasting on ice cream, a twix bar, and water right now.
Gotta love the french resistance; 53 degrees in Amsterdam, 47 in Budapest. Wonder how the Dow will react to this storm tomorrow.
I'm pulling for indiana I'm this round too
YAY!Got signed to Nashville Records and Hollywood Records.Which one should I pick?
too arrogant
Hey, Lee Child: Jim Caviezel would be a hell of a lot better as Jack Reacher than Tom Cruise ever would be.
Wat it do
Post a picture!! Something other than the egg. ;)
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
about to go bomb this final, but atleast i will be done with the class...hopefully, if i don't fail
JESUS.H.TAP-DANCING.CHRIST. Did Toledo leave his cards in the locker room again?
I gotta lotta stuff to be happy about but I don't praise certain suff cause it's materilistic. But I still give thanks
throwing a handful of nickels out your driver's side window is a great way to deter tailgaters. Just a heads-up...
Eric Schmidt says the greatest leaders breakout by their late 20s. I think that makes you the pick of the litter.
Just failed epically....
RT - “Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success” --Napoleon Hill
DO IT then. <3 haha, we love ya too AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!! :)
That mean I ain't hittin hard enough lol
the CIA
Great pics. Thanks! d) Goran? They all look sacked out.
while I'm driving? Impressive
#stm2012 economic impact of human genome project: cost just under 4 million & has a ROI of just under 800 million (May 2011)
hip > thank you cards... you may be at an impasse.
'behold a pale horse' is an xcelnt read
- Thanks for sharing these! Very powerful photos.
The music was tight back then too. That's probably the only decade id travel back too
it's out of the question after reading their totally lame Valentine's Day prank list
Going to sleep lil upset
who do you think should lead the collaboration charge?
lmao! Doesn't that make you miss taking the train?
If the Middle East was a collection of gas stations, Saudi Arabia would be a station.
What about kids in detention centers? How can we use #portals to help them?
No..although I wish I did, it bugs me when people text and drive.
Picked up an iced coffee in #LovePark for 28 cents. All proceeds go to park and recreation of Philly. Grab one before they leave at 3pm.
OH: its not raining, the air is just wet.
We'll see you in a pink Cadillac soon
Aww thanks. Yep. RT : you named Indy Hall?!!??? Incredible.
just put the zig zag dress on backorder! hope it comes in time for Thanksgiving!
so like; i just murdered that food & i'm not too happy about it. lol like it is all GONE.
U bitch
I will say this: Seattlites of all ages will be excited for this new product...especially when the sun comes out ;)
At least the WVU game was the second worse lose tonight, not the first lmao
Can anyone tell my why you would own a #powerboat and a #sailboat?
SatansParakeet: Working on my reimbursement submission for #sla2009 and mourning the decrease in travel funding from last year.
Haha you know I'm just kodfing! it is cute that a few days ago he was all, "i'm not gonna get a twitter" yep thats true
Put Bead Fest Santa Fe on your calendar for next year! Such a great show in such a beautiful city! Don't miss it!
& good morning to you!!!! Hahaha & Happy Mothers Day to those it apply lol
is it sad I could see show costing Cena the match so he can get his job back?
you look faded as hell in ur default pic... Lol
Thanks for the insights today. We appreciate it!
follow because he's a bitch. Nah just follow him,he really wants 6k followers lol.
RT : Safe flight <-- We miss you!
Textin' Brandan ((; He's the guy I met yesterday and he's just like me! We're trouble when you get us together ((x
Be regular and orderly in your life, that you may be violent and original in your work. -- Flaubert
Well I would, if it wasn't on my feed. That's what IM is for.
Thanks :) It's only for a year but I think it'll be an adventure.
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the "Startup DC Student Career Expo" 3/5 from 1-4pm at GWU's Marvin Center
All I have to do is look in your Eyes and I can see right into your soul... You can't hide who you are from me... It's a gift and a curse.
Hey! Everybody really needs a #businesscoach & #lifecoach...I'm just willing 2 discount. Wow...better email.
I became my worst cliché last night when I fell asleep with The New Yorker on my chest, listening to Bach's Preludes and Fugues.
I can't even be around you.. #quityelling 
And that familiar feeling off being numb creeps on in
Wondering why a woman’s best friend is a diamond and a man’s best friend is a dog! Can someone with intelligence answer???
Virus warning : vitoria secret giving away gift cards. Virus goes after bank info and passwords !!!!!
Give that special Mom in your life the enduring gift of a Prefinished Tiete Chestnut Hardwood Floor.
love it, reppin the bravos!!
Just spent 7 minutes on the phone trying to figure out a stupid online order with I miss :(.
Wonderful, thanks! I've sent you an email from my SI address.
i gotta hit the gym
3.2 is available! New transitions like box fading and blinds. IE has trouble with transitions so use opt {IESafe:true} w/ larger galleries!
The heat is making everybody ruder then usual.
"We"were never on trial-that's the difference. #9/11 “: What differs us and the terrorists if we punish them without trial? #osama”
Avocados are high in fiber-bring on the GUAC!
Check the glove box for the chewed pencil.
Jim Henderson is way better than the tv shmucks! Just local coverage.
haha oh ok, we'll then I stand corrected :P.
Good night 
we are dirty and unclean! a congregation of the unseen! together we will set this world on fire! this is the new religion! AMEN!!!
you tormented those shoes 
Oh, I get it. You're an idiot. Why didn't you just say so?
because Cleveland sports generally aren't successful and OSU sports generally are. Less to be critical about when you are
It'll be here on the 17th, so I'll definitely do that. Thanks for the tip!
I felt a little thrill when Friday's TV genealogy show had a Cameroon cowry shell shaker just like mine.
haha never heard of it :o
lets stop this dick hole!
"Midnight in Paris" now at $53.7 in the US, $53.0 foreign.
and both picked Starfish! RT : Tonight's Houston #NET2 quirky question: What sea creature would you be?
Finally, not a shocker in the AI results. I would also assume Hollie was not actaully bottom 3 by votes and the was ranfom for drama.
Reading Jess Stoner's I HAVE BLINDED MYSELF WRITING THIS.
Sister's Dance show ☺
Enjoy the weekend Linda!
#PAPARAZZI Artist Video Premiere party this friday on big screen for rappers who want to show case their videos
When people try to copy off of your paper in class, like no, I didn't see you do all of this damn work to get the answer.
I've done that before...actually, did it within the past two weeks, and I love it!
okay, tell me when you can tinychat
Sell it. They are going for A LOT!!!!
You like krabby patties DON'T YOU squid ward?
NEW YORK FUCKERS!
OKAY BABE LET ME KNOW OKAY!!
RT Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, abuse ... Females go through a lot. WOMEN ARE STRONG.
I so wanted to dunk mrs.cox idk how to spell her name...
Thinking of seeing a movie by myself w/free AMC pass. Seeing Avengers this week so not that. Hunger Games or 21 Jump street?
Has ANYONE seen Jack White?
I was cracking up! Try it..respond to someone's tweet w.an opposing political view...fireworks fly. For hours.
Love your pic!
don't push too hard!
Want FREE tickets? Respond with the two rookie players who will be attending Be Social Night on 4/4 to get FREE tickets to the game!
Last night in portland, strip club. Yea.
Amen. RT : Lesson of the day. If you draft an amendment to a bill, research the subject that your amendment deals with.
that's wonderful!
The words that are unheard from a true friend's heart are "I'll be there... whether you say you need me or not."
#nkotbsbaussie is TRENDING AUSTRALIA YOUBGUYS R NEXT. PARTY BABY.
Lunch at Flemings today with my fellow Opera board members.
I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was a baller.
Gonna go to Chilis with him
MM..no question she was ground zero for a decade+ power-struggle between the most powerful factions of America..both political & otherwise.
Take risks. You'll never know the outcome if you don't even try."
Beilebers go all the way! We supprot not ONLY But Eachother WE'RE a family <3 Godbless You :)
Best Summer blockbuster of the last 5 years. // The Tree Of Life. (Hey, you live in your world, I'll live in mine.)
QoTD: "I'm going to make it someday, just because you said I wouldn't." (A.D. Robinson)
We kindly invite to follow us back. Thanks.
The alarm going off then turning it off to go back to sleep>>
No not yet, maybe we should?? Let me know, and feel free to do so if you'd like. I wrote you back as well :)
I love you too!
Wouldn't that give you some indication that people are spending more time on your page?
My cousin is getting married June 2, so we'll be in town that weekend. I'd love to try and squeeze in a drink or two with you!!
Did anyone else just see that homerun?! The pitcher even wowed it lol
Nothing like the real thing“: Real Hair fetish.... Short, long, nappy, straight, whatever... I LOVE that real hair.
Son: I bit my finger putting my gum in my mouth. Husband: Don't share things. Like that.
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 x,
THE GAUNTLET, yes, that's the name of the 4:30 X-CLASS...come early to prepare....really.
nope, technically they're only miserable. Red eye =overnight so at least a shot at sleep!
RT Damn! RT : prayers are wit he dinged up his knee in the senior bowl and gotta get an MRI! <- OH NO!
Battery is going c u later
No words can explain how I feel about you, but sometimes I wonder how you feel about me.
yet another time sync?
holy ! Crazy view.
In Rochester, she would be called the "Garbage Plate Hooker" to reflect her appearance. In NJ, simply called "Snooki @ 35"
- Thanks for the #FF, you can't ask for anything better than a love letter on Cranes (I vote for letterpress on Lettra!!)
Do u have a facebook
MEMBERSHIP PACKAGES $44-membership package of 4 classes | $80-membership package of 8 classes www.tribalenergycardio.com
we both picked the same game wrong
god damn teachers. worse than the hippies.
RT Congrats on winning Student Journalist of the Year! I see you USC –– that's two for two!
no I'm so sick of traveling and am going out of town twice next month
Email issues is NOT a good way to start the week -- especially when I am Assignment Desking.
Announcement at school: "We do have school tomorrow at 8:00 in the morning!" Random kid in the hall: "NO!"
Good way to start #raw with Orton
you don't wear elites with samoas!!!!!!!
I'm sorry & nope, do you?
How many breakfast spots do you have? We've got 6! YUM!
Got a txt that my boss's grandson fell off a waterfall into a river at 2pm and they still haven't found him! :( Please
it would be easier if we owned our own factory for strings, drum sticks, drum heads, etc.... so exhausting! ..but we will sound killer!
Headed to speak at Tea and Tales of Tenacity at W.V. University. There is a mighty stream of power that emerges when sisters get together.
Are you tired of templates??!? Check out Diamond Dezign Ideas and get your idea of what your business should appear!
explaning how Google+ offers "one stop shopping" to integrate the way we spend our time digitally.
that's awesome, my nephew got word that he's in couple of months ago, congrats
Down by 13
Crazyness. Things a-changin round here. Wink. Smh too.
thanks, If there is a unit cap say it up front. Now the ME is isking me to cut 1/3 of the plot.
its amazing what a girl will put up with for the boy she likes.
except in the workplace :p
It's been great to see you all! Have a wonderful Christmas!!
So they say.
GM and you too
:'( thanx for non!! Wen I need to talk to somone there not there for me!! Wtf!! #gettin more cold hearted
Girl I wrapped it UP dat how I know you Lyin! Lol
I was a ninja
Off to L.A.
Ladies and Gentleman, we are BACK! Year 4 of the camp will happen this summer from July 16 - Aug 1st. Spread the word, tell your friends!
I'm gonna make vid saying " I cry because I love " lol
The rebel in me LOVES knowing I don't HAVE to do anything today. Nope. I get to choose.
Volunteer Orientation tomorrow @ 6 pm #weloveourvolunteers!
I hope the other women reads my last tweet. You got fucked over, and was okay with getting fucked over. I call that
": You know those questions about when apps would overtake passive personal privacy? It just happened."// and its going to keep on
If God had a refrigerator, He'd have your picture on it. If God had a wallet, He'd have your picture in it.
I almost stopped in there a few minutes ago! I should have but now I'm on my porch with a beer.
I love watching golf but I'm not sure I can today with Kevin Na being the leader.
I'm getting pizza! and no to the pumpkin cupcakes because I already went to the store and I'm not paying for more
Not that im hatin ur profile pic but.. when r u gonna change it :/
Thanks for my first Journey! Really enjoyed it.
yes, I often find myself thinking "That's what librarians do!" when I read about DH.
"Jazz Crush" dinner is happening right after all the wineries close at 5PM in Zillah on Spring Barrel Tasting weekend (near Yakima, WA)
you are a stupid cum rag.
We love spending our weekends here with this gang. :-)
yeah we should take a detour to afghanistan during my trip to columbus in 2 weeks!?
I'm Gonna Lick His Ear Tommorrow...
yes, but network nightly news didn't spend 2 segments each on caterpillar-gate
Remember (on this day of love) if people are negative towards you, they're just exposing the things they deplore most in themselves
okay you HAVE to tell me #YOLO means. I am behind the loop
Go Extreme! RT Welcome Cincinnati Baseball Club to the Extreme family
Your brand is how people perceive you. It’s the impression people have in their hearts and minds when they think about your organization.
Justin Bieber: Holiday Album
what am i doing tonight Watchin old videos on youtube(: cant watch Waka Flocka with out thinking of summer 2011 on da cruise
insanity is intense... Even for you
Dreamt first downs were measured in baguettes. Pigskin bahn mi?
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Rule #1, No tweetn, Re-tweetn nggas or whateva else ya do on here! Jst incase you didnt get the memo the first time I told you
Pimpn want all good producers!!! "Lets Make Hit Records"..
dude I know. it's fantastic
Thanksgiving is coming... Time to dust off those sweatpants. Yum! All the food and pies... oh yeah pies... I lika pies. :)
We are looking for a Warehouse and Despatch person for our Newark based client on a permanent basis. Interested? Call 01636 701702.
calm down in there it smells like fufu and soup, X_X j/k
today for film ACT OF VIOLENCE. Beautiful print, riveting story, intense performances.
Definitely haven't seen enough crossover photos today guys...
you better believe it!
: No. But recently I have been blamed for getting cancer!
Thanks for the kind words! :)
never get enough of seeing people get electrocuted in the snow
how you looking on threads neighbor? I need a t for the summer
What if when you clicked "Expand" your waistband became elastic and your belly thanksgivinged out
Blackberry still marketing on the myth of a difficult to use touchscreen. Yeah, that'll work.
Robert Aubry Davis bringing his fine-toned radio voice to the #HHAwards stage. Great to have him here.
lol i dont know why but i find it funny how is going to Miami this weekend and was just in Orlando
Call Sojo @ whatever # I said
If everyone knew the real me, they'd probably be disappointed
Occupy #ROC says it likely needs more time than mayor's Friday deadline as some members need to find places to live.
