Ringing in the new year building new features! Wait till you see what we're cooking up!
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B-) I cantt waiittt !!!!!! And are you gonna rap in the song??? :-D 3
I love you !
#ThoughtsAtWalmart I'm going to the dollar tree
Saw some edited scenes. Looking good. Can't wait to share our film with everyone.
Celtics trying to literally steal one in Toronto
Hope everyone is making it through their finals! Only a couple days to go...
You got it! now share the Love :)
Started day with a walk and then some music/singing. Now shopping. Unemployment's sometimes ok... :)
well there's probably no way I'd be able to find you haha, tweet me after and maybe we can find you guys!
Heading to bootcamp with for a challenging Monday morning sweat! #myfitnessforrmula is Union station!
The voice results better hurry up, bc I just took my pm's in my tea... Let's hope I make it.
WOW!!! #desperatehousewives is going out w/a bang, loving this final episode!!! Gonna miss this show...but its time has come 2 an end:(
Time for my whiskey coffee instead. Super Mom potion.
Humidity is so misleading. "oh it's cloudy out I'll grab a sweatshirt" - psych it's 90 degrees.
I want to dream that dream but I still need a working MySQL driver for Django…
What does DSU do for marketing content?
This game is nerve wrecking
Its taker a shower while sitting in a chair like a handy capable person tuesday
Thanks to everyone who attended my re-election kick off fundraiser yesterday evening and making it a great success!
10 More Stubborn Food Myths That Just Won’t Die, Debunked by Science? -
my mom just parked in the expectant mother parkin lot...only thing she's expectin is a ticket.
FAKE SHIT HUH
I'd not tweet 90% sexual. I omit tons because it doesn't fit the 'theme'. I feel like my creative side has no outlet.
Its 5 oclock in the morning :)
Just got home from class, waiting on the wife so we can a tasty dinner
Was the drop in CBS's March Madness views/users made up for by the $3.99 subscription for online content?
You can use bigger ones, too. They don't have to be the Air chargers.
"It's #cincodemayo and I don't have a margarita yet!”
you gotta watch from the beginning #weeds, thorough show
Sporting a faux-fu/handlebar mustache today in honor of baseballers like Rollie Fingers, Dennis Eckersley, etc.
Awe, thanks for the offer, but I'm good. Troy is able to go. If he can't make my brain scan appt. I'll let u know ;)
I'm literally so confused as to why this is not like facebook.
is playing February 25th, it's a saturday! 8 bucks in advance, 10 bucks at the door! Bring your friends!
that's the problem!
What a day...
Rise and shine...Mavs parade today!!
2 more hours -.-
Thanks for posting that Santa Cruz PBR video, much appreciated.
A Latin Media Guru is a talented and motivated individual that drives the Latino and Media community to higher heights.
We just got in mud-flap lady silhouette decals. 2 piece sets for right and left side of window/car. 1/2 price. Only $3.00 a set.
i'm an expert at sharing, graduated top of my pre-k class in fact
Wouldn't it be sweet to have some inspirational lady entrepreneurs at my launch party? Whattayasay, ? Come to Minneapolis? :)
every time i treat my mom bad, i think of the days when i wont have her and how i should appreciate her.
Make that "Toasty Torpedo" not "Toasy"
My kids, younger than 8th grade, are in touch with reality and they know that a woman's right to liberty are inevitable.
Absolutely. Discreetly. In the men's room. // RT : If your tie contravened a members' club's dress code, would you remove it?
Blog Break cancelled for tomorrow. Ashley is ill. We will let you know a rescheduled date. So sorry.
heading to google ;-)
lol, swear I thought the same thing
Print1Media received it's "Ambassador of the Month" award at Plainfield's Member Luncheon, so nice to be appreciated for all your efforts!!!
We are anxious to see you as well :)
#ghlive I don't think my tweets are coming theu. :(
always the clever one, I see. Or not, because I'm blind!
Really enjoyed the "Animals" piece. And the subtle, blink-and-you-missed-it WC Heinz homage felt like a knowing wink.
if you take skin tone as "orange" (most of those examples aren't egregiously bronzed), it's hard to avoid because of the sky/water
What's your Facebook???(:
You can't on one hand complain about an achievement gap and on the other choke off supplemental ed. funds for poor kids.
Ewww robbie just ate a huge spoon full of mayonese
I just picked up the album! I love you
My 8 year old sister is on the phone with her friend talking about boyfriends < Smh.
~i'm working on stuff for my presentation and communications class online, while watching the Orange Bowl.
That TFA article I tweeted raises some grave concerns. Community building...relationship building...how can these be done w/in-out TFAers?
Your moves? I'm so confused.
hey cody let me know a new cover is coming out very soon :)
Not sure what to order? Call Jeff at 312-320-5862. He IS The Soap Guy!!!
you gon make me hop on dis bitch & take a twitpic lbvvs
To live is to fear, to fear is to hate, to hate is to learn and to learn how not to fear, that's living life to its fullest. Embrace fear.
We will be in NYC May 4th- 5th performing! More details to come!
ah dilemmas
Who needs a huge & fabulous 4 b 2 ba condo in North Center (Chicago)?! Your kids can go to Coonley! Message me for details.
Thanks for all your submissions! Keep them coming, site launching in March!
Dnt you hate when you fresh out the shower and all of a sudden you gotta shit!!!
Good night :)
Hey can I borrow the 2nd book in the #HungerGame series? Pa Pa Please!!!!
Pussy Dropper :D
Working on Orlando & Miami now... Send us a message with your address & we can get that shirt out to you this week!
Try Reign, Velvet Room, Opera, if you want a hood ATL Experience, Central Station
Happy Birthday :) Hope you have a great day and can't wait for your new album!
💋 Miss you girls! Happy Valentines Day!!
Thank you for the mention! Hope you are enjoying this lovely Miami weather!
Happy Father's Day! Sending out a big hug and a pat on the back to all you dads out there!
Congrats to your son! I'll pass the word on.
my mom says thanks!
best wishes&a happy new year from europe,germany!I l♥u so much!Just saw a shootingstar,pls fulfill my dream&follow me!ILOVEYOU
Goin to find some mess to get into with Kaitlyn ! Let the ignorance begin !!
Gladwell says, #CFB is just a game. "Replace it with another game!" (he suggests Monopoly)
Kristen. I see you're online.
For heading structure, I usually check with WebAIM toolbar.
I'm wondering if we are marketing content or contenting marketing.
and we all believe that one!
“: There is always that one girl in your grade that is obsessed with horses.” dude this reminds me of Katie haha
Ready to see these grabs!
Sing all hail, what'll be revealed today when we peer into the great unknown, from the line to the throne?
Aww...you're an absolute sweetheart and a wonderful daughter. I love you too! Thanks for the kind words!
It is official. I am holding our vendor passes. Three Heads is going phishin'. See you in Watkins
. shouldn't open his mouth until he pays his child support.
Tis the season for heartache, disappointment, REALITY CHECKS, and finally realizing who people really are :(. Not a good day by far.
And just like that, we make a game out of it.
I respect their opinion and they are entitled to it but I'm also entitled to completely disagree with it. Bummed me out momentarily
Fickle Pickle is so fun to say! xD
"I fly because it releases my mind from the tyranny of petty things." - Antoine de Saint-Exup�ry
Welcome, stop by the office for coffee ": Touch down in New York. What a day, what a city"
Happy Birthday Sweetheart...hope u have a goodtime...where the party at
Great recommendation. Thank you!
Thankful to my 1st & 3rd grade tchr Mrs Muller-Gaydos who taught me 2 read & taught my mom 2 stop doing my homework
Cleaning the studio. It's long overdue for a scrubbing.
Jane, is there a link where I can learn the days/times/and protocol for participating in #lrnchat?
Thank you so much for the S/O in the latest e-News abt why I am a Democratic.
Craving Sushi? Who said Happy Hour couldn't start @ 10pm? Join us :-)
Trying to convince our teacher to turn on Man U vs Man City #please ⚽
They are vaccinating children in to chronic illness to protect against a handful of truly deadly but mostly nuisance diseases.
“ Get to know a person before you put your heart in it, If you dont you'll end up loving them for the wrong reason”
I have dinner date. How about Tues? Hotel bar or wherever's convenient! Happy hour starts anytime after noon. :)
When Girl's Put To Much Make - Up .
School Softball game latr
Glad you liked hipmunk, thanks for your mad meeting planning skills.
lol no you did not
Q7 Enhancing job & career services
Did u know there r only 50 different words in "Green Eggs and Ham"? Only "anywhere" has more than 1 syllable.
DJ Harry Sutton spinning at Diva tonight!
I can't sleep most nights cause I don't really know what I want out of my life
Don't drive through DTLA right now. Yust no do it!
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL WE GO TO CLASSICAL TOGETHER
You shouldn't eat gluten because it has a name like gluten.
Hoping xboxlive Gold would be free, because of all the advertising now !! And, now gaming companies are charging for servers
So glad we watched The Descendants last night!
Are you sad often?
Hardin didn't seem to make the same mistakes w/Novitsky that Bonds team made (unflappable, so Hardin avoided attack) (cont)
I think my students invented a new adverb today: "Juxtapositionally." So much handier than "In juxtaposition to..." Actually. No. It isn't.
Testimony done for day in punishment trial of Jule Bronson, who ran over toddler in yard while drunk. Prosecutors should wrap up tomorrow.
im fine just tired :) . Im so happy to see that some guys are mahomies too :)
but he's your bitch!!
DJ Frisko Eddy, DJ Cinco, DJ Santana & DJ Martin Kache bring the beats this Saturday for LMP Coast to Coast Edition!
thanks! it was a pleasure talking with you all
Enjoying the beautiful weather in Hazleton, PA! Thank you Jesus! JOEL 3:10!
THE AVENGERS IS SO GOOD BEST ACTION MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN SCREAMING OMFG
never again microsoft
Paterno's legacy has been chosen for him.
in spanish this is soo dry. what am i doing. im bored af..
Great. Let us know when its ready!
Thomas Peters~ The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
Power outage in Johnson County. Lots of unhappy people if it is not back on by game time.
how far is mesa from Scottsdale?
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :I learned this word today. "food".
What can we do? put the pressure on the system to change it
I can do this. A week and a half left and I'm home for summer
LISTEN HERE YOU COCKSUCKER! I MAY BE STUBBORN, I MAY BE STINGY, BUT I A NOT A POMPUS CRITIC! DONT YOU BURDEN MY NAME LUKE HILL!!
Sometimes it weirds me out when I randomly come across people blogging or posting pictures of me or that I took. I could never be famous.
Every. Single. Spot. In the new Hampden Giant parking lot is full.
Just got home from school! go follow my co owner account ! :)
#ff Jazz Institute of Chicago partners with the Drake for #NextGenJazz. We're so excited about the partnership and the series!
For 2012, we resolve to teach even more people what it means to be an #Upstander. What are your #resolutions?
wantt some help
Don't charm to harm, unless,you want to!
Go follow new account please ! ! :p
WAY excited for 's new west coast tour dates<3
Thanks for the follow GET MONEY
Goodnight guys.. xox
Thank you, sir.
thanks for the FollowFriday love! Right back at you!
Celly- Short for celebration often used in the sports world after scoring a goal. It's not a party; rather a brief expression of joy.
All out atthe buffet with the , faculty, and fellow students & alums for the Florida State reception!
The sun just broke through the clouds - we're on at 2pm in Eastern Market!
Sub four hours. So delightful.
I was in Santa Monica, Ca today. Why do all the pedestrians carry yoga mats?
no I wasn't able to see who did do I had to re add my love... But I added u bak lol
Ever thought about making Cpanel use free? $10 monthly is a lot. Many places offer it for free or just $5 monthly.
Running in the 4x100. Are you kidding me?
haha ok and yeah I had the perfect picture of u saying that in my head:P
Driving outta my way to the good beer store only to find that they're out of Brother David makes me can-kicky ( #boontlingo)
you never know how much you may be helping.
Ataulfo mango and macademia nut S'mores at over a campfire, haha.
Whats the biggest problem you think that needs to be solved between parents and teachers?
thanks Dan! :)
Busy day today. Hopefully will get it all done and get caught up. On a different note...I hate wearing pants... EROCK
Looking for a good mobile phone app creator on equity basis. If you know someone...
that's real shit g gone mke them A+
Yes, I have heard you can use a paper towel as a coffee filter if in a pinch, but I have not tried it. Hope u get ur coffee!
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. Euripides
Focused like a laser. That is me today.
a big man will ejaculate in your rectum shortly
Looks like JoePa needed football to live. This reminds me of a wife dying within a day or two of her husband passing.
I think Go-Sees are like doctor's appointments. U get an app. at 10:40 & wait around only to be seen at 12:20. Anyways, just had a great 1!
I will see you on November 19.Hope we can take pictures together.
Downtown is INSANE! And 's mother is driving like a madwoman to get us outta here!
Haha awe! Well keep your head up and find someone worth your while, you don't deserve to settle. Just keep an eye out :)
song "Tonight (Best You've Ever Had) just does something to you; I absolutely love it
oops! Latin for persona=mask.
Ah, alas, not quite yet. Maybe (hopefully?) at some point in the future =D
Ha! Not sure. A laugh if we're lucky.
Seriously, when did Ryan Gosling start writing Obama campaign emails?
we love MIKE MODANO
thanks Laura!
Hi everyone! Happy to be here :)
Four season relationship: Faithful in Fall .. With them in Winter.. Sneaky in Spring .. Single by Summer !
oh. Is that like some different language or something?
R.I.P to a good friend Kathryn Moroney :( you will be missed.
Was I ever! I was naughty, and it was yummy going down. Then, nature took its course and I paid my penance!
submitting my video manana yikes
Everyone's telling me to ride the Mr.Freeze tomorrow... D:
That is a seriously cryptic tweet... not sure if you have insider FTP info or are quoting a brutal fortune cookie
Bout to bring back my dayton ways with
I need to get some new friends. Ignorant people on facebook are a bit ridiculous.
Bacaro restaurant on Union street in LA was AWESOME!
Thanks for the follow.
Been working so much I'm having nightmares about it.
did I seriously just lose my voice?
#saturdaylibrarian...doors open in 30 min
so about the twilight porn for girls "50 shades of grey" convo last night. Got an e-mail about it today?
No motivation to finish this paper that's due at 8 am. I have about 15 minutes left and I just can't bring myself to do it.
1 more day. Friday...BRING IT!!!!
Kind of glad I was overwhelmed with my own work stuff & largely missed the national political storm of the day
#smh to that also
Mo Monday!! Let me hear you.
How you doing
follow and please :D x71
...Rickie Weeks has more walks than hits so far this season. Bottom line: the offense is obviously better than these early stats...
when short people go to the tall water fountain
awesome song :)
#DontCallMeIf you know I can't stand you!
Saw a mitt romney sticker and it may or may not have been on my car..
Not sure exactly how can deny the accuracy of #GameChange when the McCain staffers say the book/movie reflect reality..
M coffee.
Giving himself a Black Eyenga?
#TheSadMomentWhen even though at one time they were your everything, you realize that now your their nothing
Tmrw night Xanthos Ensemble give the Boston premiere of my #VanGogh piece, la tristesse durera toujours at So cool!
apparently this is also the standard policy at Netflix and "other forward-thinking corporations."
Well sorta. Illinois cleared death row and stopped executions, but it may still be legal if unused.
wait till i see you again, you gonna hate me again
Future Juniors! Interested in Autumn Capers?! Our introductions meeting will be next week in Mrs. Reyes' room, so be SURE to attend! :)
hey lady! Did you get my email that your book came into ?
listened to #CAT11 East talk again preparing to share with community group tonight, it's really awesome, thank you.
@ the Why Did I Eat That launch in Brooklyn
Thrilled to hear it, Mino. So, you got your copy back?
Ugh u don't feel good:/
going hard
You too. Have a great day :)
Photoshoot with today. wouldn't let me put 3D glasses on the Lego lions, but we still had fun.
My parents always decide to make family plans when i already have plans with my friends...
why was it best for you not too come out?<3
fight fight fight!
Football's one win away from winning the Sun Belt Conference and a first ever bowl bid. It's great to be an FIU Panther...
Days like today I could have really used one of those car periscope things from Curb Your Enthusiasm.
I'm pretty sure Code Racer is the opposite of a good tool
Are you crying? No. I'm trying out my new waterproof mascara.
I forgot it was Friday.... #Austream day<3
think those storms tomorrow will hold off until after 2pm?
Official partnership with the Napa Chamber to be announced. Listen in right now on KVON 1440 or go to KVON.com and click "listen live."
Looking to connect with artisans who would consider adopting children one day....
thanks Nate! hope your semester in Beijing is going well!
10 miles! Only 15 training days left until the Austin half Marathon!
10p I think - straight to aloft
chilling at Rallys , Wassup wit you
Mr.D's Painting for all of your home renovation and painting needs.Interior / exterior we do it all.Call us for a free estimate 619-562-5848
at the empty bottle in chicago this Friday night releasing their new beautiful record.
He got a very stern raise of the eyebrow.
an a free appetizer. And it lasts all week. They must be struggling
growin an learnin. one day at a time.
Yeah John Carroll is awesome.... I love all people... Especially those who blow vike and accuse people of stealing. Fuck these kids.
Watching "Welcome to Sweetie Pie's" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
what's good bruh!?
your housekeeping staff would take care of that.
. test presses in the house! sounds so smooth
I liked how Giambi mashed it, most went crazy but my buddy just sat there. HA! In yo face!
They should be good and saturated after Holdredge got through with them. And sent all his taunting pics.
This game has gone down the crapper
or barca, but people ride their dick a lot too lol
stayin single is the way it's gone be. Now I can really Flirt
Happy thanksgiving!!! Just had amazing dinner with family <3
Normally I'm a mojito girl, but you can't have a derby without a julip!
Thanks, you're very kind to say so. ;)
DesignerEco Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
you asked me to follow you, so now i am. sorry it took me a while, i dont get on twitter a lot.
Gingrich: "Only I can go 'toe to toe' with Obama" has not seen his dick in years, NO MAN could go toe to toe with him.
Loved it
it's going okay because I've hit the follow/following limit and I don't have to keep going back to find people to follow
4sho. Stay tuned qt pie. I got it all on deck.
Enjoying the show about high rise buildings East of the River in DC!
I'm a big fan of your work! Big Fan! I hope to one day have you in a class or workshop!
Said I'd never do Twitter, yet here I am.
Just heard the heartbeat!
Heading out in June to TM on their just-announced tour with and ! Stoked
Last night, I had a dream about a dream... about you..
is Jessica Walter more like Lucille Bluth (ArrestedDevelopment) or President Garcia-Thompson (PCU) in real life?
Pink Slip "Diary of a Black Author" book release on schedule&should be available before the workshop tour Pink Slip"Taking Back Our Lives"
Somebody's head is going to roll in North Korea because of their rocket exploding. Would hate to be the one who messed up.
Flirtationship: More than a friendship Less than a relationship!
MIssed you last night! Hope TJ is feeling better!
Clark County Fair. Comfort Inn Vancouver. Just 5 mins from fairgrounds Book online @ www.comfortinn.com/hotel/wa198
In A Lot Of Pain Atm, But I'm Sure I'll Get Through Okay, Atleast My Son Is Fine
It used to be that scandals were comedy gold. This era will be looked back upon with scorn for its meekness and obedience.
Manu lookin like Jon Barry from behind
If only I knew the answer to that, I'd write a tween romance novel centered around whatever it is and let the $ roll in.
Who else is going to be in Bellevue / Redmond next week? We are organizing a dinner! (cc: )
Dad went to Tampa today, wanted him to take me with him but go to Miami and drop me off so I could see
This is something i've thought about. They may win themselves out of a great lottery when they still need parts
Woohoo...close to getting our new web site up!
All black everything. Gametime.
then I'd say gin & tonic
Creative Commons is investing up to $100K to empower individuals and communities to share knowledge and information, deadline: June 30.
Just did a great Business Workshop with fab fellow actor Kari Nissena! Great ideas, especially on Producing, Cold Calling, and IMDb!
hahah yea. That Target is like my second home!
Are you high when build gazebos?
Let me get up.
Bad day :(
...big changes are coming...call mem to find out.
thanks! Same with me. I can't devote an entire weekend but I wanna drop by and see everyone. What time does it start tomo?
maybe I just dig transformers references by random computer nerds. Geez.
Don't call it a comeback, I've been here for years. #5thyearsenior RT : Holy crap there's a giraffe running around campus!!!
any results from Williamsburg vote?
I am also finding that testing out an iPad for a few days poses a dangerous risk towards productive dissertation writing
I'M OPEN!
After a full day at the Las Vegas airport I think I am going to leave this madness
My brotha love you USO! love you bro and it was good seeing you!
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood as sophie-anne lecerq?
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me. William Shakespeare
"In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins- not through strength but by perseverance."
R Westbrook last nt was 7th player in last 2 yrs to shoot 0-for-10 FG or worse. The poor shooter's team has won 6 of those 7 gms.
We have vouchers for a 1month supply of Advair for FREE! That's a savings of $124.90.
Jason Hamilton will always be one of my heroes. He was clever, he was a role model + he was punk in a sea of mainstream gossip faggotry
Have two extra tickets (great seats) to tonight's #ShuffleCulture show at Any takers?
she's so beautiful ..
Astros and Former Shell Executives to Address Houston CPA Society Conference
#Add us on #facebook before it turns into
Wine peeps, which app should I get to use with cellartracker for iPad: cor.kz or CellarVU?
Radish 4 prez RT : Right now the Olive Garden salad bar offers better choices than the Republican Party.
No worries the game is being replayed right now! haha
You can still get tickets to the Imagine event that we are producing - Cleveland's Crusade to Cure MS www.IMAGINECLEVELAND.com
your definatley a 10. I was going to say something else but i sorta forgot lol
Thanks Sean-David - thanks for the recommendation
Sad to think that voters don't notice the current flood of "No energy taxes" commercials are funded by the very Corps. that will be taxed
Salutations to everyone is following me! And I most highly appreciate it!
packed and shipped off tea gift baskets today, now to pack and ship family gifts...maybe after a cup of tea :)
#Oomf Sucked me up in school today -__-
Time Warner Cable =)
FREAKY.....love you with our without spirits around you.
Lol you don't have too :P
Tonight the Rangers, Knicks, and Mets all lost
Darwin didn't give enough credit to his predecessors including his own grandfather.
Recording vocals
#Celtics is now a scary team leading into the playoffs... #Heat got to bring their A game in the east...
Indycar timing and scoring sucks.
School doesn't start for another hour... Why am I here do early?!
Glad to hear the Pats signed a former UB Bull..Trevor Scott and I now have something other than the New England football in common..
We're playing tonight at 6:30 at the Banchee Theater in Burbank CA! Its Free !
I think I have only been on time to first period. Twice.
“: Leaving CNN after taping a contentious interview with Piers. NBC confirms G Zimmerman's attorney : George & Robert haven't spoken.”
hm.. sure didnt say anything sweet back.. lol im glad yu like it
Been in the library since 2. Its 2 again... 6 hourss til the test..FUCK SLEEP, gotta do it all over again after too..haha....
Hey Zuri, follow back please? :D
MY wedge sandals is bad (: Ima wear thm 2 my shower
instincts baby! Ps come hang with me!!!!
Oh no, we've lost Jeff to the darkside!
getting lead is the worst feeling ever
o really? Hmm i hardly go to bars
I need my hair done
Way to much wlking for a sunday ...time to go home? I think so
Guess no lesson was learned from naming the ipad...
understandable :-) Just know that we're here when you're ready.
it's super easy!! take a package of oreos (use only 36) and mash em up, mix it with a package of cream cheese, roll into balls
is lying! There is a second season, in which I'm going to appear in!
Seriously. The emotional drama cracks me up. We're in deep doodoo when they hit the tween/teen years.
wine & words, a wonderful combination ...
Hey , you should get on twitter so we know that you're still alive.......
YOU'RE THE BEST! I WISH THERE WERE MORE RESTAURANTS LIKE URS W/ ORGANIC INGREDIENTS, AWESOME TASTE, GREAT PRICE!
Is McEwen beer still being made?
can't tell That would hurt lots of ppl here sorry
Halftime over, Madonna was fun to watch (53 people!). Can I go back to downton abbey on netflix now?
RT : 80% of Americans read labels for things like calories, fat, sugar, and salt, but 44% buy it, regardless of what the label says.
Why do I all was lose #1follower I feel like everybody hates me 
Where did the fortune-teller go on her vacation?To Palm Beach.
I know I shouldn't still be upset about this, but I can't help myself. I wish we could go back and change everything.
I get that! Computer I bought 2 yrs ago in Nanaimo died recently;grateful hubby got a Kindle Fire 4 Xmas. Slow, but serviceable.
Hanging out with elizabeth ! :D
i wanted to go see nevershoutnever at austin today!!:/
Lola Monroe
lol ok fine, lets be friends. HI.
I love everlasting gobstoppers, thank you
naww :S just take your ipod and sleep <3 i usally do that when mum picks a borring movie xo
Packing, packing, packing and more packing. Getting ready for the move :)
Saying goodbye to your close friends for something ridiculous is getting hard:(
True! I must analyze data & make prediction. But if data r not predictive -> nothing any human/analysis can do. So data do contrib
Well in this case it would be several...uh...several, several times. ;)
Rest in peace Christopher Hitchens: You were smart, articulate and fearless. We will miss you.
‎***UPDATE***ROCK THE INK ALBUQUERQUE WILL BE AT EXPO NEW MEXICO OCTOBER 14-16 IN THE LUJAN COMPLEX.
lol why not I like to get your input just to know how far can I go, because I will do it when you least expect it
u guys really went to erin for parade?
RT-walking to Morrissons in the rain/// perfect...unless of course you were listening to Morrisson in your ear buds
There are worse problems to have. It can't rain all the time.
I don't know if gets that hot in Portland, but a mango paleta when it's 90+ degrees out trumps everything.
11 year old sister's boyfriend broke up with her because she's "too nice." Poor kid...he obviously doesn't know she has 4 older brothers
LMAO! I love when you go hard on people booboo!
I bit my tongue , I have a cut on my lip . And now I need floss
Using animal abuse as a title for a speech about anything but animal abuse is bad form.
Only 8 more full days of school! Yes praise da lord jesus
practiced yoga today with Antonio Banderas.
www.mediaplaynice.com. Still working to make life a little easier.
Word nerd Factoid: The study of eggs is called oology (pronounced roughly “oh-ol-uh-jee”).
I know everybody has an opinion, but I'm pretty sure I'm right on this one: Cats will never be as cool as Dogs.
thanks! you r really helping me! you helped my friend find PB and C last year!!!
Downloaded Nike + GPS application on my iPhone and it maps my runs, tracks the progress, tells averege pace and calories burned! Very cool!
as you should be
Hey GP...Are we on your favorite list? ;)
Watching Harry Potter, third one this week. I wish I was a wizard.
you are always happy and positive that's why I love you XOXO
the best thing i inserted into any orifice in my entire body today was a pack of mini eggs. (im not getting any more specific.)
oh, i saw that and i was like O.o?
": ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ No one likes me." Lol my life
Congratulations on a great season You guys made us proud and will be stonger next season.
#bandsilove Dave Matthews Band
Watching AAGL Events now
Niche Dating - Finding Needles in Haystacks
hey i just met you and this is crazy but you're annoying as fuck
Okay think about it :) I dyed my hair it looks just slightly lighter (:
great to meet you too! happy to have some more cool folks join the ATX lifestyle
Gettin my learn on, working towards that first promotion.
That sounds awesome! If you know anyone who is good with sewing I am sure that they could do something like that pretty easily!
KD didn't hit the three double OT
Fuck You Suck Me !
Home, Where i can look ugly and enjoy it.
I would love to win tons of miles from !
RT : Innovation, experimentation, risk & failure, tech, independent thinking are entrepreneurial trademarks.
Not that complex. Just storing one value at a time in the field.
Can't sleep >__<
Wow. Never a dull moment with Axford on the mound. Brewers win. Brewers win.
i dont deserve this . but then again , life is unfair .
It's really weird to say your own name...
why is the question tho?
Baseball league claims contract faulty, sues law firm - Chicago Tribune
LOL- Glad to know there's a difference. I feel a bit better now :)
The retina display on #Apple's new #ipad has you seeing crystal clear? Let open your eyes to the coolest app developers around!
weekends would be best but if not, Thursdays and Fridays. /cc
I approve so hard <3
big android UI update today. So cool! So distracting! So confusing!
what happened? Your guys were up when I went to put my kid to sleep
Take me to your best friends house......
i dunno about you, but saying ROLF instead of ROFL is hilarious.
#Bitch please! I can wipe off 90% of your 'beauty' with a wet towel
Folks have begun uploading some really good images/stories on the revamped houstonitsworthit.com. There's always room for more....
You See What We Did Last Saturday! Now Come See Whats Next At #Obsessions Saturday! Everybody $1 All Night!
lmao only dinner!
Yes. I wish more presentations were live online. I can't afford to come but I can Tweet, Facebook, Google+, etc.
Me-ah-me...Are you from there? I was born there actually (can't reply to ur direct message unless you follow me)
e-harmony proves that even people who wear shorts, dress socks and sandals CAN find true love.
Saying "no" before someone finishes their sentence.
I guess I really did upgrade :)
I hear that homie!
I punched a hole in the wall in my rage... now i have to make a list of the drowned and how to appraise them...any ideas?
aww thank you I edited it myself~Monika
Wearing your cowboy boots to Panera again? RT : Lady outside Panera tells me "I like to sing country music, I really do."
Delicious Mexican food in Merced. Visual contact w mtns
If you're okay with odd, comic, wry, clever, fantastic fiction, I'd recommend 'Johannes Cabal the Necromancer.'
Amazing day in DC- walked across the city and took it all in
He actually spelled loser correctly. Color me impressed.
regular season baseball is only a week away!
making the private world public, that's what the poet does. - Allen Ginsberg [Goodnight friends. It's time to think... :)]
Geek Alert! Leonard Nimoy is going to be on an episode of The Big Bang Theory! Cool!
1. You'll like this: Portland's Bagdad Theater live-screened the last season of BATTLESTAR & one night had Mark Verheiden...
They are dredging the Hudson River for PCBs directly across from us...bright light and noise 24-6...air quality monitor in our yard...fun!
Welcome new followers , , , , , & 5 star blogger
Let's get to 500 followers tonight!!! RT if you love
I wish #duke and #unc could both just lose.
Good morning world! I'm on a Christmas hangover... IT WAS A GOOD 1!!! Back to reality. Enjoy your day.
I tried it, but couldn't get my code to work. Have you found any nice (video) tutorials?
Good! Not sure what my following will reveal but early in a.m. I often read tweets from Ireland, England, Scotland.
oh my , I FEEL YOU! hahaha x)
TV is chewing gum for the eyes - Frank Lloyd Wright
Mahdd a** hell
follow me please :)followed
Happy Birthday to ME! :)
no problem! Anytime.
Things I love more than most people I know: stars, macaroni, snowy winter nights, warm summer nights, books, and the smell of sunscreen
So.Indiana was hit hard with tornados feel blessed new albany was passed but sad for pekin and henryville.
I'm happy today! Yeah !!!
how long is this contest going for?
is the only person I have on my private friends list that I check 24/7 because the tweets are just too good.
So, Tuesday. Yeah. Um, where the hell did the day go?
": great team win to close out the series, on to round 2...i will be better!" - that's what I like to hear!!!
you foul fuck
wonders how it can be 88F in Seattle and 66F here in LA.
yes!“: Don't know when lineup is coming out, but RR has to start Gomez tonight and rest the struggling Morgan, right? #brewers”
every dollar is an employee make them work for u, you're life is a business as well, run it as such!
thanks for the follow u should book Dj for an event
So thankful that the sun is out!! Makes being not sick even better!
We are now resuming the IAP Crafts panel with app # 130093 Scott F.
the GOP race will go to the convention!!! I believe that Santorum is the only candidate that stands a chance against Obama! BAGGAGE
At least yours is take-home! I'd be pumped about that!
"Slow Show" - The National ---- AmAZing song!
The moon is beautiful
A2: I can't think of any specific "bad" words, but avoid sounding desperate, rude, overly casual, and typos! Typos kill!
"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground"- T.Roosevelt
I wanna girlfriend so when im hanging with friends, i can point to her and be like "thats my girl." ♥
Ha thanks! Yes, I did and it was beautiful. I love the moon.
I run this & ya'll know that. I take the purple & pour that, all in the sprite, all in the sprite!!
When was the last time you had popcorn? Today is National Popcorn day, tweet some great popcorn recipes or facts to share with us!
Choneese ! What time are you coming home ?!?!
FYI- we did make it to the cell phone lot. Jerk.
Rainbows + Yogurt = heaven in a cup! Come get some Fruity Pebbles flavored froyo at our Porter Square location :)
AGREE. One big sales pitch. RT : If you ever have the opportunity to go to a Skill Paths seminar, don't.
heh, I'm surprised it isn't carrots today.
Fuck. Migraine off and on most of the day. Isn't helping my foul mood.
It's a joke , not a dick. Don't take it so hard .
Ok fine, Ill check u out. Stop lurking around my dreams, already.
Kris Boyd with a header. So close!!!
we took over sage for 's birthday.
What are the chances that an 18-year-old music video on VHS would sync with a digital remix? Pretty good, it turns out.
<3 :) Haha yes you are the first love! :D
Good Day my tweet peeps!!!!!
RT : City plans to suspend its redevelopment reform committee until the state courts figure out the future of the program....
sending clothes, shoes, etc.. to developing areas damages their economies. Don't send stuff, invest and let them grow
wht you doing tomorrow night? im at home too i got in and i just got in bed and im still here.
Finally caught up on Game of Thrones! The tension is building and the show gets better and better!
The way things have been going Lamar has Vermont right where they want them
Woo! Thanks for sharing!
Oh Monday, you would be so much better if I could go down to Terrace & get coffee with & again.
Patties tweet omg.
Morning all! Don't forget to go and check our face book for exciting news and a BRAND NEW song! <333 facebook.com/bellemanoir
im dying of boredom :(((((( help mee help me
FB fans & Twitter followers. Don't forget to tell all your friends to add or follow us; so they to could receive our great weekly promotions
Wow - 700th follower. Thanks for tweet!
Totally inspired!
who told you that...that's been circulating for a while
I feel fine, however, I get the stink eye from those who don't "get" social media.
I can't get no sleep ....
Yes, volunteered to be my nemesis a couple of years ago. I'll get around to destroying her eventually. Y'know.
i feel like a three-legged squirrel trying to cross a freeway.
Hey #dc it's #banktransferday! If you didn't already make that move go see the good folks at on monday
Whats poppin??? Just cheked ur site..U know Kevin Kash DC CHERRY?U GOT THAT DC THICKNESS.THANK U GOD 4 UR BODY.HOW IS DA MIND THO?
Book signing today....6722 Old York Road, Philly...east oak lane area...support black writers...
MLB likely to expand playoffs for 2012 season
Right now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you will ever be again.
Hey will yall check us out?? :) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast we would really apreciate that if you like good metal!
PUMPED for some MM2012. Love this time of year! Hope you're well GP.
When will teams learn they can't beat with aerial attacks. We're way too good in the air.
Wow, damn!
Do other booksellers get asked -- all the time -- if they're writers? Or is it just me?
While your hear I don't want you to do other work but here.....well fine ill watch the paint dry for 9 hours.
Wonder if I'll ever grow out of nerdity
Not a bad way to go. OK I'll stop now!
Just burst out laughing at your photo. Is this your version of Black Friday? xoox
“: when does the gloriousness begin? More importantly, when does 1414 get tapped?” 2 barrels: 7 & 9PM
SO when we meeting up?!?
hahaha that's not natural..you might wana goto the doctors for that. I had too
walking to my son's school to pick him up. i was so afraid of everything!! just wanted him with me!!
The oldest recorded American Robin was 13 years and 11 months old. Some probably live even longer than that.
I don't give something for nothing. U ain't even fought about giving me a gift. U just want want want...Smh...lol
Heading over to KUNM to talk about some promo opportunities.
RT real fool./ That a typo or a comment (valid) on a stupid question? :-)
yes! He is so fine! Lmao
And perhaps one of the best geographical names ever: Smuttynose Island (York County, Me.)
Anyone have a gel pad they prefer for typing? Having wrist problems.
Having friends already working there is the icing on the cake! RT my friends that work there say that they love it too!
Perhaps it's proportional to amount of creativity and actual writing that they take.
it's okay! Hopefully the number will change tomorrow ha ;)
I'm watching Anastasia.Anybody remember her?She's great.I don't know why she wasn't a Disney princess
South St swag! First stop...Jamaican food!
Don't eat and drive! LOL. Take your time, see u when u get here. my aptmt. Will text u address. Can go somewhere near or far
The worst part of Mother's Day is when she gets drunk and starts flashing her tits. Also the best part.
Did that just happen?
not mad at her
Limited availability - Now booking photoshoots for 2012 at www.brandonphotos.com
+1 RT : How do we get Ward 6/#HStDC to engage on campus plan? It's fabulous and will have positive impact.
The #FlopOfFame has an entire wing dedicated to the Boston Celtics! RT : All celtics
I can't wait till gets home! We're gonna kick it, then chill over the weekend like old times <33
New lip shine is called 'naturally envious', but seein the actual color it puts on my lips it could be called 'rape me red'
I saw your tweet from earlier an I wanna say I love your tweets an it doesn't matter plus haven't posted a picture before?
#MyProblemIs i tend to be shy at first...but once you get to know me and once im comfortable around you, i act like im on crack
Us trying to bring out the coolers is the funniest thing ever!! ☺
Whoa ! what a shock! can't believe this :O
after justin bieber and austin mahone, you are one of my favorite peoples in the world. i fucking love you bitch!
Which pitch? …and the result?
We maintain a very crime-driven relationship...only, thankfully, we're not the criminals ;-)
Wow, not a single foul?
just fish as much as you can; learn as much as you can.
um don't think so hehe
YES! This week's is up!
i love noodles yumy yumy......snack of the day
maybe will get a clam tat? Ewwww sorry
They do get incentives. Just not for concussing people.
George Clowney is officially launched; GeorgeClowny.com ( newest bolg)
that class just one example. everyone i talked to said it was widely taught.
Grind for ur dreams it's not gonna come gift wrapped
oh. my. gosh. GHahahah
so sleepy. -_-
I seriously don't know what to believe anymore.
Now those are just the kind of Titties that make my Friday night as sexy as can be Tex! Have a fabulous evening! Xoxo
is this every week? i'm at home!
Get to bust out my old viola skillz for tonight's film.
Shantz did something for the first out of the 7th. Kirsch up.
we do not need our stream blown up by crap pre season football play by play ....thanks
LOL. My phone was possessed :-)
Lol! RT Condom Ad: If your not 100% satisfied with our product, Happy Fathers Day!
Listening to "Love Don't Cost a Thing" fr as I work-an all nighter-Big Project-12 years ago today my child was born at 9:27 am!
Tomm. night 6-8PM 405 in B-more: Closing reception for "Units of Measure" featuring FIVE mica alumni from '75, '86, '06 and '09
awesome! Joe D was just suggesting it was about time we all went drinking!
Hope to see you there! The 12th Annual Excellence in Interactive Marketing Awards are coming to Union Station in downtown Dallas on Thursd…
Can you help us out with some mentions? Trying to break into twitter.
And I love my Broseph, too. Pretty sure I have the best siblings of all time.
Ooh, have fun!
Thanks Gail and looking forward to conversation with you all!
On my way to my LBs commissioning ceremony
Good afternoon Tweeps~ Catch your Dream today. #Work!
I'm going out of my way to say how awful this new show Whitney is on fox....so bad, how did it even get past a pilot?
47% of pubs didnt know where and how their metadata is changed
M looks lovely. We have many fro-yo joints in DC but this looks similar to Yum. Now I'm craving it!
plans for the CL Final tomorrow?
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Top 10 SEO Myths… Dispelled
A big thanks to SeaWorld's Azul cast members Brittany, Gabrielle, & Marc on their last day with the show. We'll miss you!
I heard them tonight from the lobby, they were jammin'! Maybe next week?
I HATE DOGS.
Hey hunni I am great ! How was your last show x
thank you for your kind words :)
Good Morning Everyone!
La cancion con ritmo latino es: Don Omar-Taboo!
I can't think of many instances I'd want an athlete to shut up.
Drive thru Starbucks guy just sang a song to me asking if I had any questions while I was deciding on my drink order hilarious!
Hello to all my new followers....even though I haven't been tweeting much lol
Well yeah, me, but that's about it. At least that's it when I DD.
yea but I'm high so you know how that go .. And just listening to this BS .. I used to get it in Ohio shit is blowan me
Birthday greetings for Nora, from another Nora. We have the best name ever. Seriously.
Don't forget to swing by tonight to see us (as well as ArtWorks for Milwaukee) at Gallery Night!
i would call "mom" but then i couldn't date my brother haha :)"
btw - May the 4th be with you
#wordstock was an honor to attend! Great to see the always fabulous
Pocket my lighter, and I'll drop kick you..
Trayvon Martin case's judge disqualifies herself - Washington Post
aww :\ feel better
Shoutout to for picking up on The Fink's addition to the ATL Reunion Fanfest lineup!
Hey, I'll join in too!
Corned beef, cabbage, Guinness, and on TV. Check, check, check and CHECK!
Rehearsing a new episode of iNickelodeonShow in New York!
Hollis cuts the deficit to three with a huge trey, but Sims just picked up his fourth foul. NC State shooting two after the TV timeout
Currently 24-27 before the half. Thrilling stuff, guys.
Major Shake-Up on “America's Next Top Model:” Mr. and Miss Jay ...
I think cereal brands with raisins in them are in cahoots with the dental industry. Hard raisins = broken teeth.
Enjoying today's live-Tweeting of a #pubarch from Hopeful the metal detector will turn up something interesting.
I supposed CHI was the northern culinary boundary. I lived in WI for six years, and it doesn't appear that they have chefs.
1-10. Chances that D-Will ends up in Mavs jersey next season?
It's the right time to go to the movies - only 5 other people in the theater
Listening to & loving THE CUT by the great & flawlessly performed by smooth-n-silky Dion Graham
So SMASH convention! Let slip the dogs of... uh... games? YEAH! GAMES!!!
Horrible friday so far, come on something spark already
It can't be proven that's why its false
I've always seen it with solo cups - hadn't heard of speed quarters. Hmm.
you win...
I need some new shoes...
Cause you had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song just to turn it around
Why is it so hard to throw away rubber bands?
OPMG back in the game.(for now)
Engagement is..."activating people to DO something!"
Today was a perfect softball weather!! Tryouts start Monday
this is gonna be my first time watching the Follow You music video,I cn already tell its gonna be great!
It's a fact, Cuban knows how to building winning companies on and off the court.
Doesn't help that they try to trick you into thinking it'll taste like Fanta! (BTW Meg, congrats on your book!)
Hope you can join us May 24th for our one year chat milestone! Thanks to for her inspiration!!!!
so..he totally forgot the bears again. -.-
Whoever created this STUNNINGLY disrespectful cover of President Obama should be fired immediately.
awesome man! Should have brought my box for the evenings though!
We love our River Cats!!! RT : The Sacramento River Cats would like to thank for sponsoring our social media!
I hate texting someone first; It makes me feel annoying,.
please follow my new account
Oh I love you I don't care what they say
Play us some good running ish during 5:30 Freestyle. That is all.
Pike Township home sales are up 18 percent over last year, year to date. Quite an improvement. Showings are up 11 percent.
RT Mitt's running for President for pete's sake, he can't stand up to lunatics who want to try President Obama for treason.
THX! RT : thanks for allowing Tipsys lounge on your site,you guys have been a great help!
I sayy my name Sean . And ain't know body realllla cup upside a cup smoking ghost face killa..
If you can't get to #gym, go outside, take a walk, walk farther & faster until you are #running or at least walking really fast.
Who’s going to in a couple weeks? We’ll be there with some fun giveaways, as always.
on my baby brother that wasnt me.
Going to #4c12? Say hi to Michael Bérubé Ask him how you can make a difference in the MLA.
Chasing Disaster is "Featured Artist" on ReverbNation this week. Also, check us out on itunes, Jango Radio, www.chasingdisaster.com, an...
The easiest job at the Newark airport is the United "help"desk. Don't let me wake you, guys.
I just earned the Pro badge on #Yelp!
Call Of Duty MW3 anybody????
Let's go LEBRON
Oh, I guess that and actual interviews with the recent callups to the Crew to air on tomorrows episode of Sports32 Weekly
Work is so boring tonight
Silent night. Christmas night. Now I eat sweets. Tomorrow I move my feet, eat lean meats, and make my heart beat. On my way back to petite!
Rooting for the Refs. So far they've been pretty good.
See how I changed Porn spam to Shakespeare on kayblog.com
alot ..lol My business..my book.. Just wow ive been lucky.. How bout urself
#whenyougonelearn to enunciate properly? Welcome to the grand olde U.S.
what's a testable definition of creativity for #brainstorming experiments? Number of ideas is a terrible measure.
hit me up big brotha... this shabba car wash man nephew..i got a fire saints song...send me yo numba big brotha
lol especially them fast lil ass boys tryna dance on me and hating ass lil girls. Lol
I completely agree!!! He should start working on that!!!
LMFAO NULL. RT : Why they hating on you ??
PeekScore isn't a measure of influence, rather the relative size of your digital footprint...
Next week works, i get out at six though on Monday. But just let me know!
In other super important news, the new pinkberry flavor -chocolate- is freaking amazing. Especially swirled with coconut.
ohmygosh. your making me so #excited !! I can't wait for #Believe <3
An interesting perspective. No doubt drivers have to deal with some awful riders.
my roommate needs people to follow him for business class! DOO IT or I'll hunt you down
I survived my first week of work!!
245 Likes! Keep it going!
Watching Poetic Justice on #BET. Such a classic!!!! Janet Jackson had the fresh braids lmao. Would definitely eat her braids for breakfast!
Old San Juan is a must!
Im looking for some decent boots and some great sandals. Maybe some that don't look mandally. Some plain, I walk the plain of africa joints
#vicadeln Jackson County finishing last precinct.
yeah I can ask my mom?
Swimming competition!
Highlight of my day : met up w n on the trail when they got close hid in a bush and jumped out n scared them
ok lol ill apply tomorrow
": Stern on flopping,: "I think it’s time to look at it in more serious way, because it’s only designed to fool the referee" Amen.
True horror films are about the risk to your mortal soul.
I love me some zaxbys fries.
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it! (: please help!
So happy this is only a 4 day week!
Good afternoon wishing u all a nice weekend many blessings from Music is a Weapon
it's so weird I had to go read the directions, you have to 'preoblem solve' to open the door and go to the next floor
Ya keep em comin RT : Four-star DE Kylie Fitts a big get for #USC and
"A #kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous"- Ingrid Bergman
don't be "so emotional".
nice to connect with my former uni. How goes it in Ottawa?
Why tf is this girl staring at me ?! & it's like the death stare ! I'm not looking her...
SNOOKI IS AN OOMPA LOOMPA FACTORY. So that's where they come from....
Booyah is coming off the line this morning! Miller Park has picked it up for their Craft Beer Kiosks this summer along with Louie's!
Kyrie Irving to Be Named Rookie of the Year
I love salty food... And Jen.
Thanks for sharing this!
RT : why update saying the boys are going/are clubbing like what's that going to do to your life like what's the relevance ...
Looking for sex in Orlando?
you a senior or junior ?
Happy hump day, y'all. Anything interesting happening today?
rap battle may 20. text BATTLE to 72727 for details
Thanks again for using ShowClix Dominic! Enjooyyyy!
Going to see the new transformers movie tomorrow night...woohoo!
I love your self-portraits. This one is wicked cool.
A3: It's much easier to keep a relationship going with so many social outlets out there. Utilize them! Connect on multiple platforms.
did you get me a christmas gift.? i thought we were friends.?!
Just landed in Cali... happy to be here... but sad at the news of MCA Adam Yauch... the Beastie Boys, Wow, their music brings some memories!
Thank you so much, glad you liked it
hahah oh gosh, I must see !!!
#edui - wow.. Michael Wesch reminds me of why I work in this field
haha I do that all the time!
Appreciate the update and mention
Who is Robert Griffin and why did his draft pick by the Redskins just interrupt scroll across my screen during #Community ?
That's the plan! :)
is it just me or are the majority of tweets about lost love??? Wow... inspiring or depressing??? what do you think???
Dear Mr. Fink, if the #49ers bring in Peyton + Wayne, I think a Super Bowl appearance is almost a lock if Peyton is healthy
I obviously do not have wat yur looking for
gm @ my hotel tells some australian guests the united states has 52 states. wrong. they caught the max dwntwn to bus to kci. good day.
George Lucas talking about flipped classrooms @
Browsing the #4c11 program, seems like a lot of "IT" panels folded into other topics, so I was curious about panel nos... (1/3)
Ah. shiny = bad for eyes. Got it. Thanks! (I hope my shiny jeans and my shiny bling aren't too bad for my eyes, though!)
WHY IS THERE CLUB PENGUIN ADS IN THE LIVESTREAM
ooh snap. jon stewart disses vanity fair party superficiality.
Some of these bus drivers have terrible attitudes...
Have fun & bring home my Celts a win! Make sure 2 run on 2 the court during the game so we can use it in our highlights at 10!
Workshop:Simple Self Care Practices for Stress April 4 at 9am.Practice proven self care routines to help reduce stress. Call 344.3933!:)
You're a wise woman! Hehe.
So good.
Had the pleasure of speaking with recently, she is amazing! Thanks Melissa, looking forward to our next convo!
I know.
No call # on many #ebooks in #library catalog, so can't do online browsing or create feeds of new purchases by broad subject area.
ughh been up all night with alot on my mind... i pray yu okae nd come bakk wit a good recovery ....
She Cute Af , I Wanna Bag ; )
Waving back!
I catch myself making up situations in my head that probably will never happen .
of course lady friend! Where did you go? I saw you were flying.
but if they had waited and dealt those parts to the hornets for cp3...
Rise and shine!
I love you Lord for this new day!
If you're leaving home with your books...stop by and we'll lighten your load and give you some cash!
Guyysss turn to u is OUT!! I just bought it!
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause u kept making promises u culdnt keep..
Cowboys Vs Aliens Vs Apes.
we're about 30mins away see you soon sweetie, we can't wait!! =) muahhh
I got to watch 3 innings, but that's all. Close game at the end. But took the opener!
oh yes
Errands, Edmond Arts Fest, see Mom, hang out with a cpl of my sons...no necessarily in that order. playing on Jango...
Congrats! You're about to experience the worst part of #iOS development
hey wassup Lady J! Everything is going well. Having a Wrap Party tonight for my webseries. Just some last minute...
RT : Better to lose the anchor than the whole ship
Put 3 #multigenerational #multiracial almost nude #women together & what do u get? Steam #film about 3 #women & their complicated love lives
I wanna go home so bad.
I hate this cold weather...but I'm glad cause it's cuddling weather :)
'pop' or 'soda' at University of Michigan in 1990s, this was the question that dominated the first week of life in the dorms
I hadn't thought about the Yellowstone Project for a few years, but 's "Alien Phenomenology" got me thinking about it again.
it's 2012. What do u expect.
it's ova!!! Try next season
I'm so confused I thought he said Tuesday... Which would be tomorrow
#PensShouldTrade Paul Martin for a nicely written Thank you card.
How do we get parents more involved in student's education? Is calling home enough?
Working on solutions & resources 4my son with Sensory Intergration Disorder or Syndrome, belonging 2the Spectrum of Autism. Any thoughts?
Nice post. Use of "curation" in archives/library space is fun to debate. We should discuss some time.
I was a nerd before it was cool, the rest of y'all just jocked it. (punchlined)
How to disappear completely, on Facebook
Job Opening: full-time Bldg Ops Engineer w/ HVAC & systems experience. 2-10pm shift. High security clearance req'd; downtown DC. Anyone?
Anybody want a free 7" stack of Videographer magazines? Pick across from ACC Riverside?
I will gladly take credit for this. And have you tried the Samoa ice cream?
Definitely interested in going, should the opportunity present itself
I think it just hit me
Miss my old friend smh
just beginning. was supposed to start at noon, but it didn't start til 9 p.m.!! or maybe 10 - if you call this work
these boys should just quit haha
Jur welcome <3 hehe i might move to San Antonio :OO my parents like it there O.o i'm scared to :(
we are looking for a stage to play warped tour.. maybe we can play on yours all summer??
I love the fact that doesn't realize that I can turn him off in a NY taxi. Captive audience my ass!!
thanks for the mention...funny enough I was enjoying a cup of tea while your tweet came through lol..
 Outta my system..
My services will show you how to not only protect the money you have, but also turn that money into a #moneymachine if you seek a way out!!!
“: Baseball. Titans Handle Aztecs, 7-1: Richy Pedroza had three hits, drove in two and scored two more. Alumni love!
You spend the day at #Disneyland and get home exhausted. You crash at 7:30 and are up at 4AM. Don't get up at 4AM. Get another Sunday hobby.
not clear, Walker endorsement?
An infield pop-up with the bases loaded drops harmlessly to the ground and scores 2 runs for Northeast. It's now 7-6 Galveston still bot 8
Congrats! He's precious :)
Thanks for the mention!
Hey hey triple A! retains its A rating from Moody's bit.ly/sNT0db
I LOL'D! Haha And I'm guessing that someone is you! Do you like the drive thru or Just chillin inside?
Fuck U imma star in the making
You are up early;) **Peeta<3**
rub it in why don't you :) glad u had a weekend full of fresh powder!
I used exposure therapy on my daughter to help her overcome her hair washing fears for over two months. Her hair is now clean!
a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc
Veggies, dip, salsa, guacamole, chips, licorice, beef sticks, peanuts and a partridge in a pear tree
right back atcha!
My track record this semester has reflected how much I don't care.
lmfao. He is clowning now
yeahh I know but my mom wants to go. I told California was way better.
GLEE :D
is a prime number.
Fair point. Wasn't Fiona Apple about 15 when she got her start?
OMG I hate Rain -____-
Anyone can look at others eyes, but Lovers can see into each others' souls through the eyes. Larry Latta
Just flunked it!! :(
So...Brian Xanders was fired. Does anyone want to tell me why?
Yuma speaking of star wars you should be following Hilarious.
“: College graduation with only 50% battery...” Bring the boards. Come whenever.
We would have loved to attend - live right here in SA - but too $$. As our business succeeds, maybe next yr
should I be worried?
Going to career counseling in a bit. Should be fun :)
Oops, sorry I'm late. It was supposed to freeze, but I don't remember the temp. It wasn't so bad, though. ;)
Twitterless Chad got me hooked on buffalo chix subs
RT : Totally agree. Nick Harrison is a wise wise young men.
Well,here we go...LSU or LSU in the big game. It's not a typo,it's the Truth. GEAUX TIGERS!!
So they are still in town? Thought they'd be on their way to LA by now. Yes, very cool!
Exactly. Most PD has one person talking, everyone else listening.
Happy Monday! How was your weekend?
Painting my nails then falling asleep <<
Smith breakfast for my birthday dinner was on point tonight
Thanks for the retweet We at Bilinguals Inc. / Achieve Beyond Pediatric Therapy loved it as well
All night writing benders are great, but a regular writing discipline is crucial.
No commitment! NetCDP, only take action if you like it. www.netcdp.com
Real Talk: If you identify as Mexican/Mexican-American, do you celebrate Cinco de Mayo? Has it become St. Patrick's Day part 2 in the US?
That sounds like a great way to relax! What did you think of The Avengers?
This time they blogged vehement panting
marry me please i love you so much x
Every wave is new until it breaks.
lol!!! Just saw that tweet from last night!!
saw my bestfriend to day <3
Went #YOLO boarding yesterday with jenny and watched the sunset.
So bored
Is the librarian actually a Mrs.?
RT : People who follow me and I follow them, but when I try to strike up conversation they don't reply and ignore it <<<
The twin killers of success are impatience and greed
I'm watching reruns of the Hills and it brings back so many memories from my college days. God I'm old
The past is the past
Welcome to Twitville
Everyone go eat at Blue Sky TODAY, at anytime and tell them you are supporting the Foundation fundraiser! We get 20% of the proceeds!
thanks Paul - look forward to great things with Xasis
Aww you're so cute there with your few thousand followers, following zero people. Sorry about your unemployment though
thank you Carol ! Packer Nation ROCKS!
Happy Birthday today to Quarterbacks Matt Leinart and Steve Bono!
SLA rocks. KY Chapter conference is great. Exciting times Future Ready – Smaller & Smarter | Future Ready 365 futureready365.sla.org
heavens no, dear
I definitely don't mean it in a strictly bad way... yet. I plan to play a lot more.
yes! am glad, he's been struggling so. woodchipper next. but still, a wins a win, no?
RT : Marty Pupil #Colliers: The down market has helped us restructure to a pvt company that can offer clients more services."
I definitely wanna hear it. I'm trying to make it to the party next week too...
.....provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.....
First year of college done?!
Oh what to do with myself right now, i don't even know
So excited--I was quoted in the Computer & Internet Westlaw Journal--thanks !
Before you go, could you love me just a little bit more?
Learn from Dream Theater "Shame and disgrace over mental unrest, Keeps us from saving those we love" --Fight the Stigma, Help and get help.
Hilarious ": I really love FATE based RPGs."
Sometimes moms are wrong. When I was a boy I had a penpal in China. He said he would not want the pot roast I wouldn't eat if mom sent it.
Twitter deja pho weird i saw this years ago in a dream same tweets and everything wtf :-)
Our nanny couldn't believe public schools in the US were FREE and GOOD. That's one of the tenets of the US. Let's keep it up!
The creative mind plays with the objects it loves
RT/ Still pushing your song to the radio stations here in Baton Rouge, & New Orleans
I wonder if people can tell that I'm getting treated like shit. :p
can u stfu gosh ur so freaking annoying i am blocking u now bye
So what does it mean to ? My thought is that it's a sorry, followed by Ru's trademark cackle
yeah we could go to the bahamas
Im good and u???
wet crack baby
Sleep, its not just for breakfast anymore!
Thank you its nice to meet you as well watch the video on my site and share it with the ones you love what i love about america thanx
RT ": Pain makes people change but it also makes them stronger.”
I swear to God, the weather here must be on it's fucking period.
aw omg come hang out with me!!
Damn.....I forgot....this means no Olympics for D. Rose either!!
Dropped my phone on my forehead
Yes, There Are Even Fist Fights In The Lingerie Football League via
Note that that statement came from the humanities side, not the silicon valley side.
Well I technically did put it on because she doesn't know how to use the remote but she's the one who wanted it on.
Bristol palin doesn't support gay marriage. Well, I dont support children having children.
Heading out to a Promo. Already smashed and 30 minutes late. That's what you get for asking me to do a Friday night promotion.
Shine shine shine on 🎶
no ma'am...must be the sticks. Unless its freshly grounded.
i was in morning mentoring :))
Let's go Pacers
Any good coffee shops to work at near Bart in SF?
He lost me :/
I'm so proud of my cousin , she's doing so many awesome things with & And she's a new mom!
Hopefully my cousin and I will be working on beach property's this summer! *Fingers Crossed*
Glad to have the trades back today. It was getting a bit muggy in ole Hawaii nei!
Im really Tryna start this org.. but im in Ghana right now.. bittersweet
thought you were coming to states
hahaha!! That was the plan....imma have everybody sayin it now
.....why are you such a tool?
yay!!! Sun baby time is the best use of time.
OMG I literally just finished eating that #LeanCuisine! I recently started adding edamame to it. Delish!
I would song on the JG Wentworth bus but it would bug me to see the Viking come from nowhere
I have three days left before i have to do my 4 Months
Happy easter everyone!!
I will challenge anyone in America that my hang over today has them crushed. How did I not puke last night.
As expected, the Ozzie circus in Miami didn't take long to get started
People that don't have iMessage: Get out of the past and get and IPhone and get iMessage. #teamiphone 😁👍✌
RT : We're setting up at Darrell's Tavern, getting ready to play soon - 4 acts, we're 2nd. Get down here. :)
RT CaseyAnthony is so pretty w makeup! And shes gonna have ALL THAT $$$. I bet that really chaps your hide!
Happy reading! That sounds like an excellent pledge/project.
First time hearing is your dad. Are you serious or J.K.?
yeah ok...
Laughing at myself
If you woke up today with a case of "The Mondays"... walk it off! :oP
Kelly Clarkson speaks to my soul mayne. She makes nothing short of classic music.
It's funny how your life revolves around me and you do everything you can to act like it doesn't
Still Lookin To Rock Our Gear? DM Me N Let Me Know Where I'm Sendin It Bro
I think I missed that day, but what are micros?
Last day b/f Spring Break. It's supposed to be crazy busy like Monday and Tuesday were. Where are all those last minute project questions?
26 DC area hotels have signed up to participate in an advertising revenue sharing plan with us. Contact us to become a venue.
If you don't text me, I understand. If you act like you don't care, I understand. But if I stop loving you, it's your turn to understand.
Who wants 2 win a Zipcar waterbottle? Guess the # of assists 4 the home team in 2night's game. Closest guess wins!!!
it was seriously the best game i've ever been to. i had so much fun! :D
So excited about our FREE pageant event coming up on December 10th in Santa Monica. Details to come soon!
I don't know what you'd call it, but I've never seen a camel with five fucking toes.
Just dealing with the death trap .. I mean incoming traffic sorry.
Jonny Muller was telling me how good it was. It may be my new guilty pleasure show since gossip girl has sucked this season
Anything, and everything.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. NO . GET OUT. NO YOU FUCKING FUCK FUCK. GET OUT WITH YOUR SHIT. GO
Thinking of you today on Mother's Day. Know your mom would be very proud of you. xoxox
Please Please Please my love follow me baby love you my beautiful PLEASE :) Thanks
Day off at house! Always a good time
I'm not wearing green today....
Never look at the cost, only look at the value. An investment in knowledge is always earns the best interest.
S/o in all the house parties
Book editing and promotion: the evils of book writing.
Do you ever look at a person you know- I mean really stare into their eyes- and wonder where they went?
Is that a robot butt stuffing reference?
why am i awake....
I am near Flat12.
Are you watching ESPN2 right now?????
Want to go to Paris and London with alumni association? Meeting tomorrow (Thurs) at 5:30pm in the Clifford Room.
u know ya man had one of his earliest releases on Suburban Base
#ToddlersAndTiaras These families better have bodyguards and 24/7 security cameras. We've seen what's happened before.
Wow, what an amazing day! Cheers to everyone one of you who came out and enjoyed a true Winter Can't wait until #WBC 2013!
it was 420 sixteen minutes ago.
its ok :( we gotta really meet up next time !!
Just released new version on ripple.com -- bunch of new improvements
Ha! I'm sitting here writing code at J-school, but wish I was way cross the country w/ you in Waycross.
Really happy with customer service. Not often do I see customer service good enough to tweet about.
My nostril don't know what it want to do. One second I can breathe next second I sound like a excited overweight kid
The Facebook app for iPhone really really sucks
No real hope for tomorrow I can't wait for Friday.
would now be the wrong time to say we should get together someday?
RT : Hey I will be debriefing about the DCCodeathon at #polc2010 on April 20 at 3ish! hope to see some of y'all there!
“: Most important thing I look 4 in a player is accountability. U have 2 b accountable. U can’t blame things on someone else.”
was it a good movie? (:
i'll just say it. i think bleeps are hilarious.
Black Veil Brides own
Young basketball players, please avoid developing the habit of jump passing.
Having trouble sleeping, but "When you are in Love you can’t fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams."
So wrong.
I like showing people new music. I'm not really sure why.
Fashion is fleeting. Style is timeless. Our style? CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.........
hung up on step 3, keep clicking and all the page does is refresh
Everyone keeps saying "Like a Boss" psssh too much responsibility. #LikeAnIntern that's the new thing!
I agree! Whatever girl ends up with him is dang lucky
I love you too!!!
Or perhaps it's a URL shortened referral to an amazon associates link to get a percentage cut from anyone that clicks and orders...
Hi, I'm Robert Downey Jr. and I am simply irresistible.
It is a Gorgeous day out! Let's go egg hunting! Lol Everyone Enjoy x
My bd tell me every other day how great of a mother I am and how he is lucky to be parenting with me!
Why, Plan 9, , today of course.
#What2ChainzWouldSay Took ya girl and I'll do it again. My girl thick yours super thin. Gotta yellow hoe & a brown hoe what I call em? M&Ms!
Alot of these niggaz ain't seen or did shit!! Don't believe the hype!!
hello all and how are you i do not twitter alot i little new at it but what do you want me to twett about
Best place in the world - Review of Walt Disney World, Orlando, FL ...: Walt Disney World: Best place in the world - See traveler rev...
61 more followers to get to 1000 calling all simpsonizer and pastry girls your mission get us to 1000 today
Thanks for the #digitalsisterhood love!
I have been trying to use Google+ more lately. The more I use it the more I enjoy it.
we're getting help from our good friend Maya tonight to continue setting up our home studio. Yay!
ut oh. lights out.
Exactly 5 yrs ago #Grindhouse was released. 1st major motion picture for Dan Jimenez ( #RedBlackBlonde Director) as the Editorial assistant
Why is there some girls ugly ass niples on my timeline!! (/.\)
