Ash did you stay in Hoboken?
I know say those two solo HR by the
RT : has taken over this feed again.....Bulls win!!!
i cant imagine getting old , lol .
I know!! Hahaha!! Just putting that idea out there xD
Just discovered TV ONE, geesh!
So excited to see up next on !! I loves her!!
I feel like a wet dog
I hate the fact that I have the attention span of a nut. I seriously need to study for these finals.
Random: I need to learn how to take pictures of myself. I feel I take not-so-good pictures!
It Is Sad
I dont think they are allowed to reproduce, because they kill them to study their brains. But if they did ... ?
no I don't. I've been busy with studying b/c I had to review everything from last year.
Cinco de Mayo is definitely influencing our May specials - now if we could just find the tequila...
I wonder if Rahm will be removing Sweet Home Chicago from his iPod now.
lol what do you normally drink?
have fun D. tell the boys I said what up and play some craps for me!
I do... It's called twitter
Rules on race that prevent thousands of middle-class parents from adopting ... - Daily Mail
Any functioning gas stations near Carlsbad CA 92011????
I will keep you posted!!!
I love hearing the words "I missed you" :)
Game Over!
girls want ATTENTION. women want RESPECT
he deserves a chance, u fan bases need 2 stop bein so selfish, I'm a mahomie n gave him a chance n he's a
Working on posting having issues uploading pics to ChicagoNow..in the meantime just a few minutes away from chat w
You bet! Were you able to get in touch with anyone regarding that gift card? Hope so!
Just saw a man on a bicycle get hit by a car and brushed it off.
as long as your happy and safe, nothing else matters in the world
oh no I live about 10 minutes from Georgia state :) I moved from Lawrenceville back in August
I could watch that on repeat everyday. He'd probably pitch better from centerfield.
great to connect! Hope you're having a great start to the week:)
Does anyone in the greater Los Angeles area have a bass amp we can borrow for a series of upcoming shows?
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it." Picasso
Getting my 6th tattoo after work tomorrow to celebrate my first time on a New York stage. :) Why ink? 'Cause that's how I roll!
it's ok, it's actually not that bad... Are you?
Hail in South Bend.
That is so cool..I love the Scots..however I am Lebanese & the name Hanna means John...someday I want to do a DNA test..who knows:)
Sal from impractical Jokers is definately gay
aww it will happen
Thanks for the follow, if there is anything I can do for you please don't hesitate to ask
hope it's high octane gas at least! Lol
Don't call me for a ride... We all kno what happened the last time I did that :/
yes ma'am. you have so many o.o
so I need your bbm pin again lol
Rockies' No. 1 starter Jeremy Guthrie (yep) on the hill today; sweet green glove.
"Owl... We need honey"
I just wanna go home.
just realized how short the guys on Jersey Shore are...I would look like an absolute beast next to them
Are you cold today? We have plenty of clothes to warm your bones! Come by and check out what we have to offer!
Quinoa breakfast cereal for lunch.
You are a special woman.. The right man will come along and u deserve the best
silly - of course i would! horrible waste of good cheetos..! reminds me - i'm in a cheeto free household atm, must remedy that.
me too, we on duh road again
There must be a hidden message
MN got so much construction on the roads
Beware of people who speak to you on the street and try to lure you into their dispensary. Trust only #CosmopolitanDispensary on Ellis St.
RT : If your at the Indy Dealer Expo this weekend be sure to stop by & check out Castle Streetwear! They have amazing......
I'm a huge online shopper. However, I waited until the week of FAAW. My mistake..my son loves it.
Thank you for supporting BFB again. Our bowlers need to hydrate!
tastes like heineken, kind of
Last night's #LosAngelesClippers game was a Litmus test for me, and it showed me that the Clippers have little to no chance to win.
still in print?
I heard this morning on that a sequel to Anchorman is coming out! So pumped!
#communityservice best feeling in the world!
great i think toast hates me...
oh lol x) i thought you werent and Dangg girl you got alot of followers x) which verified accounts follow you ?
Our pleasure! And thank you! Hope you had a wonderful weekend! :)
HEY JASMINE V Can you my friend ? I love you and Can you contest me I live in spein and I like you concuerse
Jake Owen you are killing me. :'/
THANKX For the follow ....Shots fly out to Ape Gang..
With a get better mindset, you focus on improve rather than proving. Via Karen Halvorson.
BibleFax: Gospels were written by writers skilled n Greek composition, not by disciples, who were Aramaic-speaking, & probably illiterate.
Why does everything sound so much more evil with a weird european accent?
Don't miss out on our annual Valentine's Day program Sweets for your Sweetie. Make reservations by calling 327-7580 today!
Thx Rachel! We are on FB as well :)RT : Looking forward to seeing where goes!
How many will go forward to next week?
ur welcome! I am excited to follow u 2!
we launch this week! DM me and lets chat.
thank u again for the support! :)
not a virus just spam
why doesn't it seem to affect you?
Just did week 8, day 1 of !
Why can't we have iPhone batteries that last forever?
Show TODAY at 3pm. Yesterday sold out! Get tix in advance and dont miss out on some funny improv comedy for al ages.
One love <3 RT haha i got nothing but love for people that are taller than me!
I also have signed up but have not received the newsletter! Would love to read it!
Good work Momma!
Chicago Public Schools admin on search engine: "Based on way it will have to spread, it has to be a killer product."
Spin Nurses
Working on the Craziest Light and Sound Experience in NC. Come out this weekend for our Flare Friday for a Preview Before Grand Opening.
Happy Independence Day!
What a great drive u r on today Jen, have fun!! You even have a personalized tour guide, , giving u fab advice -
:) Way to not take the bait. :)
agreed, it is a sad thing.
We are at 499 followers. Looking forward to No. 500 and beyond!
All that woofing you hear is just the sound of the #Huskies choking...
my best friend that i never get to see anymore has a twitter!!
Aye. Va beach is great. DC is the furthest into the NE Ive ever been. Brother lived in Syracuse for a while
That awkward moment when u look @ ur clock and hurry to get to ur bus stop and the garbage man tells u that there's no school today. :-/
. I thought it was about 2 albino, head-wobbling aliens who's blood was solid until it come into contact with concrete.
is awesome
Does anyone out there in twittterland use Hootsuite Pro? Is it worth six ducats a month?
If a child comes to you and uses words instead of behaviors to tell you what he needs - celebrate that need and MEET it!
A grown-ass woman wearing a tiara is grounds for suicide.
what's going on over there?
Every morning I wake to 4 alarms (none of them mine) going off at 6 am. It's still dark outside. Not even GOD is up this early!
I just lowered my book to $2.99 on Kindle. Let me know how it works out for you.
yeah it's one of my old ones from fb. lol
Thank ya kindly.
thank heavens for podcasts on those long Wednesday commutes.
*quivering* RT : Everyone stay calm. Take a deep breath. is seeking volunteers.
I think I just agreed to defer more than a third of my pay on a project, and thats only if the project gains more funding... bleh :/
you got that right. but being 15 is still overrated. even though i love you to death. ;)
No negativity survives the fiery of inspiration.
Its not an opinion if its the truth.
Just overheard by a guy proclaiming love of his new iPad: "I sync with a PC now but soon I'm going all #Apple." Amen brother!
Skipping the burbs today. I wish everyday was a skipping the burbs kind of day.
You know that smell on your hands after you get done tuggin' one ... That.
I find most of my tv-watching happens during the morning -- thank goodness for DVR.
Moving out from the Modjeski household. Big day!
Happy Monday!
Is it wrong that I'm already looking forward to my girls night bday pub crawl NEXT MONTH?!
“: Devils score. 3-1... 5:59 left to go in the third.” it hurts
lighting issue in the car.
When you expect bad things, bad things happen
there was a deaf protest in downtown Indy yesterday, so scratch my theory of there being a whale orgy
Follow also RT : Can ii Get ah Follow Back Plz
MBurger has beer?
This lady sitting next to me at the doctors right now, smh!
Heroes is a bizarre show bring back the wire !
I'm blessed to be afforded all of these opportunities.
OMG what happened ?! O.o
Think #oomf needs 2 hurry up n come b4 this food eitha gets cold or disappears
First band practice, SO FUN!! :)
fixing my tumblr ;]]
I trust people way too easily..
Outside = sucks.
I don't think heroin is supposed to be fattening, is it? There goes my next diet plan...
Just got raped by a swarm of mosquitos. I'm sure I have the Hanta virus or polio. This is beyond malaria.
LOL! As a lifelong Brewer fan, totally understand. Until recently, we sucked too.
ma is making a instagram lmao -.-
Oh thunder.
Creating an ad campaign is mostly heuristic. You have to come up with something new. Daniel Pink's book Drive. Great new book. Mendell.
listening to the redacted episode. The pauses before daisey's answers are agonizing!
Fine,thank you:).
Good morning Austin .... Let's have another amazing day..!we open at 11 till 2 pm
Good Night ❤ I love you
Yayy! Can't wait!!!
Right back atcha Already signed up and excited to see your stuff.
We choose those we like; with those we love, we have no say in the matter - Mignon McLaughlin
breakfast? or are you skipping?
Getting psyched for our show with REBIRTH BRASS BAND tonight at TIPITINAS uptown! GROOVESECT hits the stage at 10pm!
sounds like fun!
The only Marvel I read these days IS Marvel Previews. It confirms I'm not missing much.
Why can't my AP be over like every other sophomores?
honestly idk hey can u txt me 9512938966
I was glad to be outside, but the transition from indoors to out and back again def slows things down.
You forgot an integral part of the contest...be sure to include the hashtag. Congrats though, you are the winner
Can't believe you caved on this stupid boycott. You're Coke - The Boycott wouldn't work! I'm going back to Pepsi!
Break My Fall - Breaking Benjamin
also, there are TONS of awesome mini golf place in the Dells. You would not be want for those there.
Ties up baby!
watched a really creepy guy taping himself playing video games & it reminded me of when we had Dad tape us playing Nintendo. :D
Thanks for putting these together, they're so helpful! Do you use a system to collect them or do it on your own?
Lets go Celtics!
having been part of the male gender for almost 26 years, i am confident that none of us know what's good for us.
Outside hygrometer claims 5% humidity right now -- lower than I've ever seen in VA. Heading up the mountain to admire the unwonted clarity.
yes, not down the stairs UP the fucking stairs ladies & gentlemen.
you can watch all the games for free at justin tv or vip box :)
I'M IN THE BEST MOOD EVER!!! THEY HAVE A MUSIC MAJOR AT MY SCHOOL!! AH! I'M SO EXCITED! :) :) :)
good point. maybe more specifically: do you find at the center of product definition process + decision-making?
Maybe the whole of UK decided to go to bed early. 'Cept for maybe. Lovin' the sounds.
PLEASE Mommy?:) i love you
Only when I need to be... (;
We're all stars in the eyes of our children and mothers, so tell me why we all strive for the praise of another.
“: Doing well, how 'bout yourself?” I'm doing good :-)
thanks Jason! Great time had last night!
Ughh now we gotta wait 2 more months until Fortune !
Lobos need to go after all the transfers
haha omg is that cat yours??? How adorable & precious!!! :))
I think your question is among the most interesting for workers today. Hope you stay dry.
I will wifey
Shout out to Fab Follows #FF and
it's my moms birthday today. happy birthday ma
super cool!!
#WhyYoShoes talking to me, when u take a step
Jet lag.
playlist-live & meet Austin Mahone (on my b-day) OR tickets for Cody Simpson and see him in concert again? asdfghjkl; help.
maybe I'll just have to convince my wife I need to upgrade to the 3G model.
your not a lawyer or a paralegal. Wtf do you do? Pissboy. Besides I know exactly what u do I've known u for years
that should be sport covered by ESPN or is that just wishful thinking.
We've put 3 Elance proposals out there. Can't wait to get a writing job!!! I want to make money with my creative side!!!
RT : Wanna talk to co-founder of ? Enter to win fab prizes, too?
just listened to Michael Irvin's take on why the #packers should go for 16-0. it was the best i've heard yet...
#stlcards Lack of clutch hitting and base running blunders killed the Cards tonite, not Dotel. Cards should have put it away in 9.
Cody punched me....
chubby checker, psycho, belgians in the con-go...
hahaha no you have my name :b
I love how more and more people are able to work virtually from home. Moms can work from home successfully
“: #InstantTurnOn Lacrosse/ Soccer boys” <<<--- Your #InstantTurnOn Trends Are VERY Disappointing.
A snowy and sparkling Merry Christmas to us!
Asking a question you already know the answer to just to see if the person will lie.
Its def a critic week...Avengers was also excellent!
RT RT : When teachers act fake when the principal comes in the classroom.
there's a lot of things this country does that I don't do lol.
A huge realization for me => Success isn't a zero sum game. There's always room at the top. Somebody doesn't have to lose for you to win.
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
Thank you for the mention! We're really looking forward to #ALFA2012!
They're still playing. Lakers leading by 5 right now.
Cannot put "Blink" by down
get on my level !!!!
Conquer Fear with Knowledge.
#Mixtape #1 is available as a digital book through iVerse (iTunes free app). If you love #alternative rock, #Mixtape is the book for you!
Who's at the #Derby today? Mint Juleps anyone?
Working on a Mended Arrow Store. Might even be done by next week!
I truly blieve u will return to #DOOL-u r 1 of the best & I believe u r a favorite of everyone.Njoy watching Dirty Soap.
i have no trust for a boy that think he's a man.
SEAN PEYTON IS GONE FOR A YEAR... SORRY #Saints better luck next year lol
So how many people out there don't care about #Diablo3 and are actually laughing at all the #error37 issues amongst others?
Me & (: #trackswagge remember the look alike (;
Well damn this is gonna suck ass I miss her like crazy and she gonna get her phone takin away lets see how this goes 😒
"The problem with quotations on the internet is that they are difficult to authenticate" - Abraham Lincoln
I haven't seen her since she went back to Cali, but I get the feeling that one day I'm gonna pick up a random magazine & see her in it.
CAMPEONES, CAMPEONES! We're all in soccer bliss right now
all Derek Holland did was pitched lights out to lefties and righties. See that Joe? THrow out that book now
Enjoying some lemon-doodles from #Costco. Awesome!
oh um RT : Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.
Some day you need to throw me an alley-oop, Dave!
I can't believe this coach tried to come at me sideways today. I just kept quiet & let him look crazy. Then he tried to come back & be cool
If I taught a class in being a fan (" Fandom 101"), yelling "stop sucking, Danny!" would be an automatic FAIL.
Tuesday means $1 Lone Star at W. Alabama Icehouse. Yeah you heard me correctly, LONE STAR IS ONLY A BUCK TODAY!
I hate JR Smith
Why can't I remember?
I Tell Em' Things I Don't Mean At All, And Don't Say Im Mean Cause I Ain't Mean At All, Just Blame All The Bitches That Let Me Fall </3 .
i love when niggaz act like big time niggaz is fuckin wit them when they not even close...they dont know yu dumbass.....
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
Walk/run this morning and a fresh juice! Feeling good:)
Snow worries! THATCampVA will go on! They're predicting a few inches today, but roads are salted, warmer tomorrow & no snow on the weekend.
Just walked into a Radio Shack and "Zou Bisou Bisou" was playing. That was weird.
RT At the #rentonfilmfrenzy curvee awards gala where is killing it as MC!<<<---I killed it, all right.
RT : Games this time of the year are won by the tougher team; physically tough but more importantly the mentally tougher team.
hi sammie, happy tuesday
lets be honest.. you had to have seen that coming?
Lets make it 16 straight, Sparty.
Yet another reason to quit: your heart disease risk is two to four times higher if you smoke cigarettes.
Yo know, I have been "abusing" Gary Busey for weeks on Twitter......but the truth is...I like the guy!
Think Im Finna Go To Sleep, Got A Sub Lbs
I signed Gooden for those step back jumpers.
The is open until 8 pm tonight for all your late night gift buying and robot toupee needs.
I want to go to there. (I'll be there in like two weeks, FYI.)
Right now if you tweet it won't go to anybody. If you tweet , it goes to someone who works at cnn.
They are actually citing use of 3rd party code reuse (i.e. custom tags, etc) that may not have been developed to be secure.
Proud of Reds Nation tonight. Everyone kept their cool about Cueto's bad start and most of the negative tweets about him were sarcastic.
lol popped the tip in that's to funny.
Hey Ryan! Thanks for following!
of course! :) when are you movin?
wonder how conceptual framework reconciles with/can resolve to approaches like curation microservices
Like your not even cool..
RT When i say 5 more minutes #whatimreallysaying fuck off and let me sleep!!!
geez some people cyan tek hint dah they gehin run -.-
is nominated for the 2011 ZMT Awards Breakout Band Category, GO>>>>>VOTE HERE: .com/Tremblay-Tonig…
great school, too. All the best...
or when you wanna smush
King of Prussia Mall being evacuated bcs. of a live grenade found on premises? Any one have any other info ?
RT : Rejection doesn't hurt, expectation does. Lies don't kill, denial does. Forgetting doesn't heal, forgiveness does.
I'm taking a #libraryschool management class too! And honestly, i can't help but think I'm too young to manage ppl :(
Spurs gonna get ready to take down Lob... or SLOB City.
RITE... In the Bed Rolling around n this Comforter.. Enjoying my Body Heat.. U KIDDIN ME? LOL
ain't that the truth
Just downloaded the #Zimbra Collaboration Server Appliance and am importing into vCenter.
yo myspace friends im out ck out the music leave some love by the way the game was some BS celtics!!!! celtics got it
Happy Pie Day to you too!!!
That shiver I get when I'm about to break.
Mr beans holiday>>
RT Ok, then my feedback is: "You're doing it wrong."
Its hard to keep up.
Buy it
RT : Let's go ! Beat BYU!
just tried your gin last night *and* learned I'm only a few blocks away...this could get dangerous.
LOS ANGELES Independence Day 2011 festivities will include the Mr. & Ms. Muscle Beach Bodybuilding, Figure, and Bikini contest on Monday
Thank you kindly.
Dooley is in Gibbs right now
First .. I order new clothes hahaha :D
Not even gonna lie, he kinda made my night :)
that sounds great! Do you have any ideas for your presentation yet? I need to research the format for examples.
I have Two tickets left for my event. $25 each. Anyone interested? If so, I can explain more details about my performance.
woof dot com. keep your heads up over there, guys.
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
At my father's house. Oh my god, he's blasting John Denver. . .
wow. i'm so bored that i'm actually considering reading my book. -.-
It's OK, I have no idea how to use the weapons I have now.
Just peeped on RPDR ..SICK!!.. more please
I'm excited!!!
i would be dead omg
you should get them everyday lol. (x
genuinely surprised the play count is that low since
I'm now following 1,the sexist females with a Twitter, follow back
going to eat you
Oh it sucks already. Everybody walking around like they belong in the FF.
Just downloaded "Thumbs Up" from iTunes!! Great song, Tae!
Happy Meat Lover's Wednesday! You know the deal - 1 pound of meat for only $8.99 today!
RT If she whispered just the right words in his ear, she didn’t have to lay a finger on him.
Tuesday means #Trivia @ 8pm! Which talk show host married a Playboy bunny in 1961 and again in 1967?
Getting ready to go on the air on Call in if you have any legal questions, 800-295-1180
excellent news and Congratulations. Would love to help spead the word.
at the senior lock in its bout 1206 am and enjoyin no school for me since im already at the school leaving at 6 in the morning for home
Over think things at night but everything hits me then
Phila City Council Committee on Education hearing today - follow for updates
i wanna seat myself in a chair of gold
I'm not as nice on Twitter.. I can cuss here.
Had a great night with good friends - super fun!! And now I'm sick :( Woke up with a sore throat and snarfy nose. Bo! Happy New Year all!
I wanna sleep on the hard ground, in the comfort of you arms, on a pillow of blue bonnets and a blanket made of stars <3
Share actual customer care calls with other departments so they hear unfiltered VOC
Bingo! RT : A4 Time, cost, knowledge
Alex & Austin's bromance is too cute. They are THE BEST of friends <3 -Ally
Words can't explain how much I love my step kids and my own daughter... I wish things were different... so tired of stupid shit.
Your first tweet! Very exciting. Greetings to you on a chilly Boston morning
I beg to differ! :) RT : Smiling is better than chocoloate
try to be everything you can be in this world because it just takes one person to start a chain reaction and make this a better planet! =)
Mt. Dew and a chocolate croissant start the day off right in Western Wisco
B4 someone gets their drivers license dey should have to beat rainbow road on mario kart without fallin off....
What questions will you have for from at NMDD? Tweet them in using #NMDD & get live responses on 5/19!
#3WordsOfAdvice Life goes on .
Let's get my buddy to 1,000 followers before their half ironman!!!!
"I'm okay with that!!!" #HotTopPick by
Just looked it up! Congrats - very cool.
On average, people divorce in year 3 of their marriage, which is extremely concerning becasue it indicates marriages have become disposable.
Mexican candy is the best thing in the world
But....if the treadmill works for you....def go for it :) We just have to keep the sweat coming, no matter what....right?
Thank you! :o)
Thanks Gloria...get you in here soon! RT : YUM! Enjoy!
Always count your blessings first...they almost always outweigh the bad and make it easier to get through the hard times!!
I'm watching it thru ESPN online. you should be able to as well
does the chick up front in your twitter background have her arm in dude's shorts or am I just imagining that every time I look
Thank you for playing #GuessAnumber!! Good luck!
Ugh! RT : This is where we lose out on weekends. It's not just about posting, but listening too!
so you will never date a Packers fan? Hehe
RT : New varietals on the way! Only restaurant in Texas serving these babies. Sweet tea!
Excellent start to my morning after a class of bikram yoga.
Going to be live tweeting the inflation of my sense of self.
loose lips lager
Get me 200 followers? Goodnight.
- We Have Over 7000 Texts On My Phone . iDeleted Them All So We Could Have Ayye Fresh Start... <3 ( A New Beginning ] <3
PR Tip of the Day: Know when to join in on the feeding frenzy. Come up with an angle that will tie into the big story. www.RealNewsPR.com
Welcome & thanks for following #FF #followart 🎨
4 thugs jump soldier and beat him for $1 in Tampa Fl. Soldier survives but still in hosp. Where is all this trouble coming from?
“: goat whisperer lookin ass” You needa whisper to your little goat looking buddy
Anthony Johnson does not have a neck...it freaks me out
spring break 2011 on the way to pensacola with my lovelies ;)
dude i love the green ones how can u not!?
The word AWESOME is an American thing. To sound like the #Irish, use BRILLIANT or CLASS instead.
Loved this episode!!
So proud of all of my friends who are graduating from law school today :-)
They only overlap modestly. I'd probably get a lot out of attending yours.
Ha! RT : Best. Fanfic. Ever. RT : I've been so busy writing AT/Archon slash I didn't even notice...
Beta testers: tried texting your checkin to Budge yet? "I weigh 145 pounds." "I meditated 5 minutes" & Budge texts back w/ useful context.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 21:34 with Nike+ GPS.
Need a layout, Creative work for a flyer, Promotion/Sponsorship for your band? Message us for info.
RT: Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
Gator needs his Gat you punk-ass bitch.
figure out the possession arrow!!!
Ugh. Yes. Thursday! Thanks for noticing that!
Mental Coach has joined twitter - feel free to follow. He is our primary instructor for junior & collegiate golfers.
quit your bitching
TONIGHT LYTE! - THEN HOT PINK DELOREAN ON FRIDAY @ PARTY FOUL!! - THEN ROCKIN F*WORD 18 IN FLAGSTAFF - IF WE DONT GET SNOWED IN!! LOL.. ...
thank for the follow! We think mlearning means "Learn Everywhere!"
+ everyone plays a part. Cut out the woman-blaming.
Morning view from our AHA Board of Directors meeting at Miller Nash! Please join their employees on May 19th at the Heart & Stroke...
“A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." - John Lennon
(slaps forehead) i guess i've been holding it in for so long that it finally came out cuz I had beans like 2 weeks ago.lol :P
Glad you could make it! RT : Attending today's meeting Looking forward to seeing what new.
heard parts of your speech today at Georgetown. You are always right on the money. Thanks for always standing up for America.
API (Application Programming Interface) or this plugs into that and they talk w/ each other. Kind of like dating
congrats on the new movie #1 at the box office this weekend!
“: One of the most depressing factors of modern politics is the horrendous mangling of statisitcs. sic
haha yep :D and awesome! I love that movie :p
pretty scene you describe!
Excited for my first #newfront!
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me
Made it!
SO to for getting nominated again for the Hobey! Couldn't happen to a nicer kid.Time for UW's 2nd win
500 wristbands though.. do they realize like thousands of fans are going to show up..
awesome movie!
#Tellme If you want to meet B2ST!! ;) OF COURSE!! i really wanted 100%
Feeling a little #Linsane today...fun, fun, fun to watch!! LOVE to see this kind of energy in the finally!!
YES. I DIDN'T GET DRUG TESTED TODAY :D
This might sound weird but I get all excitedd when I hear Optimus Prime talking in the transformers moviess (: lol
Writing some music
So how long have you been with your Valentine?
I think the whole world is at SXSW, jealous
I had to gerr some
We had a great meeting this AM with OrchKids, a #westbaltimore youth program from , to plan a spring concert in a park!
hey babe I miss u, hope everything is ok. Call me when u can I love u!
Glen Cambell would've made a good career counselor: Wichita Lineman. Rhinestone Cowboy.
the singin' bush!
Where the loud at not kinda loud the super loud
I can eat all day and still stay the same size without gaining weight.
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether ME & God! 🙏 Never go anywhere without Him!
You're not only doing good work--you're doing awesome work. Don't just hang in there--let go and fly!
so the giant angry green guy is your cup of tea?
Join #campCharlie! We have liberated the space in front of the state house and we need you to help make this a beautiful productive space!
Had a great time last night with an old friend from Cali in town taking over the rooftops in Adam's Morgan.. Gorgeous Spring weather!!!
woah woah, she seems like a nice girl!
happy belated bday boo, don't be mad at me...I hope you had fun....what all did you do
It was a silky block print, longish, flapper style, very fashion weeky.
#IHateWhen peiple want make but them dont no effort in the ralationdhip
#itAnnoysMeWhen my brother pauses the movie and I'm sitting here all alone...
Lol yeah I couldn't think of which song cause hello came out of the blue !!! Maybe it will be hook it up video !!
RT : Some of you should stop asking for iPods for christmas and instead ask for some punctuation & grammar skills.
Awesome event! Thanks for having us! RT : Special thanks to for their interesting & insightful panel session!
Made your reservations for Father's Day yet? We're giving each Dad a free Lowlands Brewing Company bier on that special day... Does that...
I just ❤ good morning 💋 from my 🚼!
I asked my sister why Zooey Deschanel has sideburns, she said they aren't sideburns they are peyus.
Thanks! Queen Anne is one of my favorite places in Seattle.
#LakersSuck lol RT It's a LAKERS thing still bitchess, don't like my tweets then don't follow lol. I warned you all what it is.
Not this time, anyway. RT : Just glad it wasn't the police blotter.
Very sad game, lost it from the beginning.....where was the DEFENSE....COME ON GUYS! We know you can beat that THUNDER!!!
Following she's got ninja MUA skills
Calm down, Ravens fans! Is it possible Jacksonville's defense is better than we knew?
I assume the laughter in the room while Ed White describes the plot of *The Hapless Orphan* means we all will be teaching it soon.
Taylor gets bulled over going to basket no call, runs away from guy on d gets a and 1. Bull shit
Indeed! Or soCal RT : if im ever in AZ i NEED 2 shoot with
He didn't get tired of it??
let's go get some
Yu got tired after 90 pitches, keep thinkn how will he hold up in the HEAT!
Great Google Drive - Nice, but no one really wants their sharing docs out there in the land of Unsecuresville.
who wants me to post a new song ?
Hi Trev! On episode 25 u mentioned that CDs won't pay attention to lesser known improv schools, just the big ones. Question...
how's the casino look
Can't sleep....Any one awake
So thanks to leon & bre I feel somewhat better
"I'm like, 'WTF?'" New saying. Then busting out in dance.
A youth learning all they know from their peers=disaster. A lot can't be learned from someone who doesn't know much more than you.
Me too!
In related news, I restarted emacs for the first time in about a week now.
Oh #Wikipedia, how I love you! You make my job so much easier.
ribs and I have strep so I couldn't swallow it
Understand this, my dear brothers and sisters: You must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry. James 1:19
you're awesome #nuffsaid (:
"It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart. - Anonymous
that's what's up. I'm in the Sipp right now wit AustinWyatt.
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!!! SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
wow. Look out Davies. Here comes hoch
that story jus gets me on the floor each time I hear it
Must be the reason why this grown fucks on my dick.
checking in to rio room now, message me from riu lobby which has free wifi
Dont have "friends" the few friends i do have, who ican trust and kno got my back threw anything are my BROTHERS.& SISTERS.
Love Sargent and this famous painting... but show is so old. Huh?
Xmas errands ahoy
What up my brother!
There have only been two episodes, but I really like "Girls" so far. I have problems with it, but find it funny.
Spectra Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
is gearing up to open a new show on Aug. 13 from 1:30-4:00. Go check it out!
Heard car stopped, boy was crossing, car pulled around and hit him. BAD move.
#AskMindless please give my girl teyera(tiera) a shout out because her BIRTHDAY is APRIL 6
Monday Tasks: 1. Showered. Check! 2. Dressed? Uhm not so much. 3. Food? That should have been first on the list!
This week's #SNLideas — #MIckJagger in studio cranking out "Moves Like Adam" while dancing stiffly & awkwardly
I'm so grateful to live in a world where Angelina Jolie's leg can have its own Twitter account. Happy Friday everyone!
Do you miss it?
Today begins NY Fashion week:the runway shows,the 1st guided by updated health initiatives for models.Eating disorder groups want more
Can someone bring me food or ?
": #Brewers Ryan Braun loves goin back to Cali." No-no-no notorious!
I dont feel like playing the role of a super sweet helpful employee today
Since that card-reading video, I'm ALWAYS walking around saying "AUSTIN MAHOOONE, YEAH YEAH!" (;
Once, in my backyard. Said he saw "a dark figure," which was actually me on a cold night with my hoodie up.
We're just dipping our toes into Pinterest, but I think ur right. In a simple application it's pretty visually stimulating
would you be able to come on my show today to talk bengals draft? 1057the fan in Baltimore we are on from 3-6pm
im waitin for K. Sweat to git back cuz he went to germany n london so he shuld be bak by next week
txt me !
how is the flyer/event page going for Friday's in-store?
I'm sorry!!! I can't control myself
Shop online at Barnes and Noble and Support the #Museum Checkout:1. click "check this box if this is a bookfair order." 2. enter: 106454145
saw great show ....had the best dinner... all with bad hair :)
"The chopsticks..... Of course."
In the Batman universe: is Gotham the only city with superhero's and villains? If so, why wouldn't normal people move away to avoid danger?
What #rockstar would make a great #President?
13 hours in my contact lenses. Can I take them out now? No really... are they baked in there now? I napped in them too. Briefly.
Thanks a bunch for another great class!!! I may be joining you again next Friday. : /
My radio gets awful reception BUT only on the classical stations
Just got Mickey Mouse to sign the jersey.
idk , im off today.
Me too. #ROC is definitely unique for its size.
suffered the injuries, not sustained.
Thanks for the follow
#BOYFRIENDReview your voice is so good
A Libs Segal original: "Great minds think alike--Better minds act alike"
Hey girl. Thanks for the lovely card. R u coming to this area any time soon? I'll be in NYC tomorrow!
oh! hello #fredericksburg, how ive missed you
I may have to get on the bike and ride to the George Washington Bridge, it's so nice!
this cute little boy at the daycare i work at loves watching barney. he goes "i wanna watch 'Narny'." haha so cute.
thunder and lighting ⚡😳
Meeting voters at early voting letting them know to vote for me in Nov
Hence the $$$ To land Stern RT : Going to watch AGT tonight. Never seen a second of it before. Only watching for
Aaron Hernandez and Brandon Spikes showing up Tebow is pretty win win for me!
oh lol yea
I have the perfect person for you. Check out
enjoying this morning with my breakfast, my coffee, and the first "Hunger Games" book. =)
radiation is the big one challenge for health
finally the weather is amazing but im cooped up inside writing this paper. only one more day left of work and then #freedom!
Talk that talk.
Yep Bennett's not Billy's type of player. He's definitely not an undersized guard with a terrible shot selection. Good call.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom
"Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything."
Senior Day was a success with a big win over a great Yorktown team. Last home game ever at St. Anthony's.
Pouring and windy to warm and rainy, come on #Boston #weather, make up your mind!
hey when you get a chance can you please send me the notes for History? thanks :)
Be sure to join AnaJet for ISS Orlando, FL February 17-18 Booth
RT : Being a jayhawk fan is probably not good for my health but damn its fun
We're showing evidence that convinced jurors to convict #Amy #Senser. Next on the
RT : Our world needs help. Corporations are a huge force for change & am convinced sustainable business is better business.
Ding. Lvl Up.
so who now?
whole song coming in 3 days!!! Tell your Friends please sweetie :)
At the SWU festival in Sao Paolo. Brazil is fantastic.
Remember, I'll be at Sylvester Middle School a week from Saturday!
Sitting on the couches with my faves
Smash putting.
If you celebrate Easter, have a good one.
Who Me.?
i'd love it for that reason, too. frustrated that front office wont go after free agents. too many holes to fill just via draft
RT IF YOU LOVE SEX
hey want to see magic okay when you click follow it turns blue!
I want one.
Will Fast Five race to #1 on Weekend box office charts? Probably, it's in IMAX!
I love you ! Everyone follow and support her
A man who dares to waste an hour of time has not found the value of life.
Just watched Obama's white house dinner presentation. I'm sorry but I'm GLAD to have lived in a time with a president like him
Tomorrow & will be headed to Georgia Tech for Girls' Night Out!! Join us @ 8pm/Student Center Theater
Vampire Diaries is my fav show & cant get over the fact, I always wanted Elena & Damon 2 get 2gether & I found out Nina & Ian are 2gether:')
My Paw-paw used to always say that. He would never say bullshit. LOL
I thought I remember you saying at ABLE your dad has a used car mart? I am looking for an extra vehicle. Lets chat
Just chillin' in our cars with the engines running and playing with our laptops. Thanks for the free gas, dirtbag tax payers!
hard to tell. they settled in our tree earlier. not sure if they move on yet. maybe I should wait it out?
I'm not doing anything. I should be cleaning my room >.<
Piggybacking on FB: Chicago folks ~ Scoutmob needs a short-notice feature in CHI on 4/23. Looking for quality food/drink/boutique. msg me!
You have to try our Newest Pizza Creations - like our Sweet Sunshine Pizza! Check out our menu for details!
#kellsbrewpub on 21st & Everett check it
3 points for the G-MEN
In Dublin, Ireland.
I need my fake nails back on
The only instagram worth a billion dollars would be an app that instantly gets you a gram of uncut, Columbian, black..Coffee! - Jon Stewart
Blah. Watching American Idol.
2,000th tweet goes out to those few people who I foremost trust & love with all my heart!! You make me want to see another day!
you want to be in the video? haha
Dang! When did Starbucks drinks go up. I just paid over $5 for a coffee!
good to hear and I agree! I'm from Green Bay stuck living in enemy territory (Chicago)!
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have teenagers of their own. -Doug Larson.
seriously love your foraging posts. They are awesome and I learn so much. Keep 'em coming.
Having dinner out with my three favorite people in the world! My family!
What are shooting stars? Stay tuned...
Make sure talk follow
The true depth and breadth of the heart is measured not only by what it can hold, but also by how willing it is to let go
RT q4) don't be afraid to fail and share 'lessons learned'
OMG he spoke! whassup with that?! You've been ignoring me for a week now... #youarethebratnotme :)
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely
Happy birthday to my husband He's wonderful!
I didnt sleep to good last night :/
Who would you trade places with for just one day?
Score: kids - 10; single mother - 0.
don't act like most refs in UFC aren't shitty, even Dana white knows that, but he knows more for sure.
Math city math city bitch :D
Why should you hire a General Contractor? Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com - Additional Services and learn more Jan specials
Final Hours - $2 for $10 Worth of Food and Beverages at Copper Gable Cafe
nothing boardd watching tv
Thanks for your call tonight. I was very happy to discuss the Facebook/Organ Donor story with you. See you at 11!
I'm just about to s/o randomed people. In the mood.>>>>>>>>
Congratulations to all who were involved in yesterday's blazing hot Boston Marathon. One to remember for sure.
That seems to be what started the NFL to a deal that the players lost.
Isn't that the truth! RT We can face work with new energy and enthusiasm after having a well-deserved
Auto Glass Experts is the clear choice for all your auto glass needs. From windshields to rear glass & expert advice, call 414-409-7263
where is the injustice there? just a game; perhaps it's better for all involved if it's not taken so seriously...
Congrats to the on opening your new wing! Can't wait to visit!
Lol I know :) im just playin with you :)
HANNAH FREAKING FORD. i miss you! are you doing anything this weekend?!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you don t have the fear of a judge not granting counseling between the parties.
Oh I like when cute boys in bands follow me hi [x
you must have one direction tix today. Im getting blown up with 214/972 numbers calling the wrong 106.1 KissFM all day.haha
this is like my million attempt to get you to Follow us I want to give up but my daughter says #neversaynever she loves you.
By the power of my #UW snuggie, we kicked USC's ass!
*cuts down shrubbery* Here he is guys! Happy Bday to 1 of the funniest comedians w/ 1 of the worst taste buds
Wow countries?! That's terrible, but I'm glad you got used to the environment.
You ever stared death in the face.....well don't, that's rude......
I was told that when you sneeze a lot someone is thinking of you :)
Chillen just making my way home from work ur mother told u I called her yesterday
There were lots of wellwishers,posing4pictures,toasting up mixtures w/the brothers&sisters,everyone lined4the big parade on that special day
Choices are the hinges of destiny. ~ Pythagoras
Did you change something in tomcat What's in the log? And don't tell you didn't look at logs before tweeting.
I'm far from the best rapper in Pittsburgh but my music has much more meaning than almost any other rapper's.
I thought as a play to possibly be produced? Matthew
yea only problem is, its a technical institute lmao
Hooker¹s delivery is so dead-on that listeners might begin to wonder whether the tales he tells are true. Find out on Friday April 8th...
that's fucking awesome, that poor bastard that has this number is going 2 jump off a bridge yelling Horatio gave me no choice
cough cough.. HOT! Hahah
*you're. (fat fingers)
Done with finals! summer time is here! i got 3 months to go in!
Sweet memories. Our car (i.e., my son Joe's) was always the wickedest looking car in the race. Also, alas, the slowest.
i am going to make shoes out of duct tape and wear them everywhere until my parents change their mind and buy me some real working shoes.
Has anyone asked Colt McCoy how he's doing this morning?
any time! Show was good and rowdy. Just like we like 'em.
you corny af
“: Yeah, me too. I have a strong feeling that it will do very well. How's NY?” it's being nice to me. So far.
contact me
We are a family owned and operated music store established 1975!
www.LunchinLodo was great today! I love Sam's #3 Milkshakes :) Delicious!!! Join us next time at the Cheesecake Factory!
Thank you to The Staff for ur donation to My 28 mi training run tom'w is dedicated to YOU
Needed your blog post today. It gave me much to think about. Please pray I act on a decision with godly wisdom.
”No (wo)man is an island, entire of itself; every (wo)man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main." -- John Donne.
Angel Davenport sound kinda tight
Ever sign on to some #social #media site and end up on some random #profile 10 minutes later, wondering how you got there?
thanks for your follow.have a great day
Make sure you have a lot of time. Seriously. Our food took 39 minutes and we didn't order anything complicated.
Thanks for the love!
When my mom and grandma tell me I officially have NO curfew >>
Anybody wants to see my big young boobs? :)
Out of the arms of crazy, into the arms of crazier. I'm never going to learn.
I think my spine just gave out.
fyi, will bless us with a set on Thurs. stay tuned!
I honestly agree with some of the stuff skip say but he says some real bull shit sometimes.
: bring the beat in give me the go go beat
you got work today?
I know! My veins are magic. Doctors cleared me as of yesterday.
Yum! That pizza has got us drooling over here :)
Good morning everyone. I hope this day brings you all joy :-)
TY! : So much #kindness on
no, dm it to me.
Doesn't the abundance of voices from those sources allow for a greater field of vision on responses to the show?
The US needs more rental housing to be constructed and built, than private banks have shown a willingness to finance.
my whiskey thinks differently sir
Where tf my brother at man! Aint tlk to him a couple of week!!!
I cann't be happy for you,many girl's make you happy
Does anyone else agree that ESPN's baseball reporter Tim Kurkjian could be a pedifile on Dateline NBC's "To catch a Predator"?
I am so sorry
I'm ike the modern Picasso. My work isn't perfect, yet it is still beautiful and delightfully intriguing.
Fresh out of work now gonna chill and enjoy the NBA playoffs
Can you please give us the location and direction of that stop? Thank you.
Too far away to run for the bus, but I can see from here that it's empty.
Ny suck so bad
SHE TYPED THE WRONG LYRICS TO WMYB AND WHEN I CORRECTED HER SHE DIDN'T REPLY. THAT'S RIGHT BITCH SIT.
It's your season to be blessed
Hello beautiful world!!
is too freaking cute :3
:) so it was good huh?
Look for some exciting announcements next week!
that was a great song & video
“The love of heaven makes one heavenly.” -William Shakespeare
Much respect to that Gold Record, but show at old school cat like myself you can go in on the fly!
Through networking and word of mouth referral with online and offline networking organisations
Thank you for joining us yesterday and hope you had a great time. We're still blown away by the happiness.
i literally lose everything
the trip was good after last wednesday. I bet u i wont go on vaca with any of her fam besides her bro anymore
your mom? lol
its all her computer fault.
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
I'm not making any exceptions for anybody anymore
Thanks for the Birthday wishes
TIL vanessa minnillo is black, john legend is white, and drake still sucks.
Lmfao : I don't close my blinds when I'm changing. If someone wants to see me naked, enjoy the show tho RT
Add Satyendra Huja to the list of Democrats who will be at the People's Forum tomorrow night. 4 Independents and 3 Democrats.
get one alexis!!:) lol
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
Had a great talk w/one of my former colleagues yesterday. He is out of the biz4now but will b back soon I bet. He is doin well tho.
Can only imagine what it was like to be inside Allen Fieldhouse yesterday-Bill always peaks at the right time. Pumped for March maaadnesssss
I hate pretty much everyone in my math class.
Wow the NBA sucks to watch...
hell of a time! Miss ya “: Listening to #KidRock thinking of dancing barefoot in the grass and rain with ”
Irony: Gosling says, "Google slimed Sun"-- ever heard of Emacs, which he took and commercialized?
Wow! I thought W of Briarcliff was CoA up to LaVista or so. : that area is just outside the city limits
Recognize what is happening when you are praised, you are being tested to see how will you react! #humility Prov 27:21
california love - 2PAC
Going to church... happy Mother's day :)
Why didn't anyone tell me that doing frequent intervals on the treadmill makes it go by so fast? Am I actually starting to enjoy exercise?
how are you cutie on duty?
That sounds amazing! RT : Pumpkin Spice Cappuccino is 11 days away. Ready?!
awake and watching The Hip Hop Project on the Documentary Channel. it's good!
The NHL might be the only sport where scoring plays can be waived off for intent to blow the whistle. A negligence tort has a tougher test
Ohh I have a pimple on my face!!!! Just one !!Ohh shit .....
Trivium Proportion is getting ready to head into the home stretch! It's gonna start getting #epic and tense!
": I Still really really Love you RT : Love is stronger than pride."
I know, to bad I was hopping to get away from the up to 8 shots a day I give myself. Oh well.
related: hello, yes, I've been in hiding. I was saving twat #1 of '12 for something good. This applied.
Yep Twitter on Computer is cool but still confusing me :P
friends make everything better:)
GoodNite to all
you'll be done in time for 3:22
Tips hat. We thank you for your support.
Yeah she did! That girl was a crazy bitch haha! It was such a good episode though
Hello! And nice to meet you! Glad to be number 500!
Thanks for the RT! Just a quick note--it's a middle school :)
plug that in or it's goodbye for now - lol
why do you think disney is run by
Perfect - thanks. I kept getting caught in the system and ended up in an inbox that I'm sure had nothing to do with PR!
happy new years to you too! sorry it's late haha
I hate when people use subliminal messages in they tracks....if u got something to say to some one just say it straight up
I mean u don't have to txt back it's all cool !
Father, thank You for Your good and precious promises to me! I choose to receive Your goodness by faith and sing a song of praise to You.
I'm going to community college for my general Ed(it's way cheaper) and idk where from there. I have to figure out what I wanna do
So sorry. I hope he's better very very soon.
My 1st tweet!
- Is their snow in England? There's none here in MA :(
write whatever you want or respond to what someone else wrote.
thats my boy
if only people heard our entire Moe's convo.... Hahaha
I heard about this book, didn't realize you wrote it. Congrats! I promise to buy it for someone else #gowhitesox :)
Woke up n couldn't find my wallet went to check in my car it wasn't there but instead on the street on the passenger side nothing was stolen
Your a lair you'll always be a lair . Why do I even bother with u . Oh wait I know why cause I listen to my heart not my brain.
Locked down in Benton all day. Finals grind
its dark over here but I'm sure well figure it out
My sisters gonna be 18 in a few days...wow i feel old now
Looks like my truck is totaled...anyone trying to sell a vehicle for a reasonable price?
casual yakanelli cleanup
I don't know what kind of camera Nathan uses for his videos. You can ask him here ->
Up late last night finishing up the last minute details on our new exclusive TMNT themed design coming out in a week or so. SO SO sick!
Wish I was there! I'm sure it's gonna be a great event - :D You'll all be great, too!
Where is the sun today!!! Come back
Holy piss is intense.
Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self esteem, first make sure you are not, in fact, just surrounded by incompetent crowd.
Sittin in the hospital waitin on a CT scan. This is just phenomenal.
DT Hi Karen...would it be possible to send us a copy of the book?
love the song
RT : I fear we won't have Taj Gibson for much longer. Once that rookie contract expires...teams are gonna be thirsty for fam.
Us knocking heads would produce some cool results, I'm sure of it! :)
#FF great #cycling people
"eReader format" confused? Check Wikipedia for an overview.
Looking forward to the Stay Classy Awards tonight in downtown San Diego!
My guess is that you already know that and are red-baiting because they call themselves socialist. Right?
I miss you!
we've got that awesome Peanut Butter Smoothie dough! come get it, omnomnom :D
First Christmas song of the season!
all I'm gone say in #2012 is catch me if u can
The Ellen Show = #TheRosieShow?
All successful people men and women are big dreamers
Feeling the urge to watch Dr. Who!! Anyone???....any takers??..... *whomp*
If you're at the #GABF this week, swing by our booth for some samples: Oktoberfest, Nut Brown Ale & Honey Brown!
hm. I've never tried it. Looks boring
let's bet
Hey why does Ben follow Demise Over Fame
Goodnight means i'm about to lay down & text for an hour.
Web Tip of the Day: No. Your logo shouldn't be bigger.
Whoops. Just figured out what an amazing movie Heathers is. Sorry guys.
i passed out on her floor and she droped a whole bag a chips on me. had no idea till i found crumbs in my hair this morning.
me too, preferably the ones attached to your bestie!
Pahahahaha crazy ass LA folks~: I have some crazy ass followers and most of them are from LA lol
nevermind I'll find Someone like you
I'd rather be the butt of someone's joke than the butt of some of those people telling those jokes.
I'm glad to see that "wicked" has persisted in your vocabulary from your time in Boston.
Set your DVR's! My "Days Of Our Lives" episode airs THIS FRIDAY!!!!
Ideological Fundamental 'Biblical inerrancy:historically wrong/culturally bereft b/c it elevates ancient cultural superstns w #Jesus ' ethic
RT : I'm hosting #Echelon3000 tonight! & performing live!!
Just saw Gordon from Sesame Street on an episode of Law & Order: SVU. He is not the serial killer, but I am still deeply unsettled.
girl you are making me lol with this series of peppermint patty tweets.
Thanks Julian! I'm curious: what did u hear that you want to practice? For me, it's the idea of "citizen history".
Winding down our first big UX Research effort & we're starting the 'rolling around in the data' phase. It's like catnip, I can't get enough!
Oh that's right. You told me that awhile back. Haha. Sorry.
Facebook finna be for the KIDS smh watch lol
thank you. we did the interviewing today, going to start video friday. may need your expertise at some point.
My main goal for the day: stay warm.
Well, here we go into 2012. Let's all make it a year to remember with JOY, LOVE, and PEACE.
Today I give THANKS to my Great Grandfather, grandfathers, my dad, step dad, my aunt kat, uncle dave, my cousins max and sam, my friends (t…
I don't know what the hell to wear to this wedding today. What shall a nigga do!
Tuesday: MCAS & english test. Wednesday: MCAS & work. Thursday: 2 Tests..... This week already fucking sucks.
too tired to even function this morning💤
I am not flirting. I am just being extra friendly to someone who is extra attractive.
No promises can be made...
y the fuck is it so cold
Nick and Chassidy. Thank you. #bigeasybrides is now a regular on my DVR.
thanks David! Maybe you'll let me win at Words 1time then?! Lol
Thanks Enjoy your weekend. Spring us finally here - yay!
plz follow me. i have a really inspiring story that has to do with one of ur songs. it changed my life. i wish i could tell u
Salman Rushdie~ Our lives teach us who we are.
And the sky is blue. “: whole different offense bud. It was out of their comfort zone.”
Commentary on the notion of the common good in Aristotle's works.
Josh Hutcherson has nice arms..
Why is finding an affordable 3 bed/2 bath to rent so darn hard?? 1 bath is everywhere ...2 no! #Can'tWaitToBuy
sounds like you did awesome! Especially in this warm weather.
I love cartoons :)
LOL Naw not really ha ha
k cool. I think I can go cuz I'm not going to the pool til like 7
A lady told her 8-10yo son: Plz don't stress me, I already get enough trouble from u know who! Stupid slore! Don't take it out on him!
burned 378 calories doing 40 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
This Friday's game will be played in honor of all the service men and women who give so selflessly so that we may all live in freedom!
I don't really understand this #UAWOW. Is this the protest against pay disparities in the White House?
ha! Nice.
5 days until is in #Nashville!!!! So excited!! ~Aria
my cousin is watching the bachelorette during the #NBAPlayoffs. Who do I talk to about getting his man card revoked?!!
"Don't wanna mess my nice nails" BITCH GTFO NOW.
Thanks for luv!!!
omg the OMG GIRLZ CANT RAP :O
:( I dont think this is ever going to stop.:/ just can't wait to see him tomorrow.
Happy New Year!
i wishh i had those moments.....
EVRYONE OF YOU THAT SENT EMAILS ARE NOT GETTING A CALL BACK, IF YOU'RE NOT SELECTED YOU ARE GONNA GET A REPLY!
Very well,thanx(: What are you doing?
My name is Jubblies . (;
why are moving to NYC?
Weird he's not here. Lol.
really not bad at all for a guy who was out of baseball for a year.
Him 2 ☺ RT : ": I love seeing my kids happy" How about the biggest kid of them all?
Above & Beyond, bitches!!!! :D
So dam fat right now
I follow you already silly! =)
So very sorry...
Saw THE UGLY TRUTH with Katherine Heigl. Theater was full. Good laughs. Entertaining but not special. I give it a 6 out of 10
this is your last day on Twitter for a week better get all your tweeting urges out!
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
Dude, I didn't get a chance 2 make it downstairs to say hello to you guys. You KILLED it last night! RT : jada...
come get some
Maybe you can call in sick, bring it to the crib and get all this dick.
Aww it trended :S
No one can say it like Stephen King - "Books are a uniquely portable magic.” Here is to finding the next King. Indigo Tree Publishing
#hookmeup with a hottie that has a brain lol
Seriously people upstairs?! Do you really have to vacuum at 9:30pm? You just vacuumed Sunday night. Just as late.
Woke up to my next door neighbor's alarm clock.
oof - sorry! didn't see your tweet until today... tried a bit of internet detox this weekend... how's things?
I rent in Alexandria & had to offer more than requested to obtain the lease over other potential renters.
#TextMsgsThatMakeYouHappy I need to sit on something
been tryin to get in touch with you for weeks, what's up?
Live music during lunchtime at Potbelly's. Nice but also surprising.
The people at Hollywood and Highland are WAY odder than anything in Ripley's Odditorium
☀Good☀Morning☀
totally Kalia shocker
HELL NAW..YOU WAS ABOUT TO BE BUMPiNG CROSSROADS x BONES THUGS N HARMONY...
Right now I'm wondering how much we can do re:live webcasting w/o knowing about wifi at future mtgs.
Nw: Miami heat vs NYK this is gonna be a gud game
And food delivery :) RT : The #brewers are doing awesome. Great night for baseball and burgers.
And now for the latest in #ArabicMusic and Entertainment news.....
This meeting is just what I expected
i dont know it just says coming soon lol
So you do associate it with your sense of identity.
BABY! It is almost time for Z-Baby 2! E!
My Old Bitch Seen My New Birch N She Txt Me Go Ta Hell I Txtd.Ha Back Cn I Gt Sum Head Lol
Contemplating registering for the #AAM2012 Virtual Conference. It's $119 - what do you think? Has anyone done this before?
Bynum >> Your teams center
#poweroutage in poway. Does anyone know anything?
#Ifyouknowme you know I have a short fuse for my temper and patience.
In 1954, New Repertory Theater tried to stage _Waiting for Godot_ with Buster Keaton as Vladimir and Marlon Brando as Estragon.
in Houston put your number in my inbox I want you to come c me
I am so awkward.
#ASECS12 Seeing fascinating images of pages from "princes Ans Lutebook." Winn noting that Anne was not only patron of arts, but was...
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Just wanted to confirm your coming.
It really does!LOL
If u lookin for somethin to do right now, go to Terra Cafe & help prepare meals for the homeless, support Neighbors w/o Walls
My followers are so stupid lol
We're outta here! See u tomorrow at Gold Coast Railroad!
Oh hello there, perhaps u want to #FF or or I would if I were u because doing so will make u climax
My mind is on a post #ARMA11 rampage. So much to consider - so little time in which to do it!
We're looking into it! And so sorry it's affecting your site. Will get to the bottom of it ASAP.
I definitely need to start looking sexier at the gym ..
thank u so much! all credit goes to ! just wait til the next one, she's already got ideas! ;)
Who is grilling out on this beautiful day? Hopefully no "dogs" on the grill! heehee
Hi ladies! So nice to see you on Twitter :)
Finishing a paper on how I would rate the moral imperatives common to “professional” documentaries. Man I'm tired.
Jordan did lose in the playoffs before ppl!! Fact he lost by over 20 points at home!! smh
More like CHANGE RAGE-NT.
it's okay lol
lol yes that's right pastor has personally request DG
": This game is horrible!!"
I wish everything was different. I wish the lies were never told. And i wish i knew why this all happened...
#Weinstein producing #Tarantino flick #DjangoUnchained with #JamieFoxx as a #Slave and #LeonardoDiCaprio as an evil #PlantationOwner Funny?
Years ago. That tradition was pretty creepy...
uses written evals from staff, patron evals -- suggestion box, surveys, F2F comments. Data data data
Sick! :P I feel like shit now…
(George S. Patton) Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
algebra and Hair Loss « Quaint Scribbles
we hang out for 6 hrs but just cuz shes there, you dont notice me? u do realize shes married right? why cant u just open ur eyes and see me?
sitting at my house hbu
Sonic drinks >
looking Forward to that next mix tape !
Idk haha some sexy ass mexican ;D
Kid's bff is Russian-American, and just put sugar on her pasta. Is that a thing?
Kay Kay
Quit posting 9874928374892 pictures of yourself on facebook. No one cares.
Why are we just sitting here!?
I'm in a meeting with and we're looking for a program that transcribes an audio file. Do you know any?
#BRIALL everyone was trending it I felt left out
Can u have an episode where someone throws a dirty diaper at Rick Santorum's head?
Having one of those moments where I feel like life is passing me by and I'm not doing anything to actively contribute.
2chains bringing his baby elephant to the party tomorrow night
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.7
I did indeed! I believe that did as well - the office flooded to the roof this morning for an impromptu viewing party!
I was just a victim of a "chat and cut" in the line at security.
THANK YOU CHIPPER JONES!
we get to meet finally i think i'm going to puke
the dreaming is the easy part its the succeeding that will be the fun part
Good job today!
Craving frozen yogurt 😌
mutual opportunity here.<----loose translation: work cheap, or better for free and we will see if anything comes of it
If you're still interested, we can set up tastings Barbur, otherwise we'll be on the streets next Thursday!
Welcome to our new followers! Have a fantastic weekend ♥
I'll try. I'm gonna see him tomorrow for some thing for school
Follow the brand new (almost) US chapter of Archivists without Borders! Yay!
thanks Stacy
what about red sox flip flops???
Holy shit wtf. Tornado movint 25 mph. Thats not that fast...right? right? someone say right. dear god holy shit wtf.
I am so mixed up over everything
Would be more exciting if I was more prepared ;) RT Last final ever is one week from tonight!!
Do I need an Ohio State rug? No. Do I want one? Yes. Will go great in my man-cave.
I think this short season made these players appreciate the game. I see more talent and teamwork in every team. Season's up for grabs!
how'd you find out? o:
HAHA its ok you can stare..you WISH you could rock this summer kimono like me ;)
It was The Mysteries of Pittsburgh. Damn my memory. But I would start with The Yiddish Policeman's Union.
I have to turn it off. I feel my blood pressure rising.
Hi there Fadi_Semaan
by the way your picture is gorgeous!
you already know fam!!! Keep doin big thangs out there in NC!!
Speaking of natural beauty, I saw this lightskin sister with so much make-up on that she looked like Ronald McDonald. Smh
#GiveObamaCreditFor... Jeremiah wright
RT : Students put a QR code on the front of their paper that leads to a jpg of "A+" Nice! | ha!
Maybe #OzzieGuillen can join Amnesty International to bring light to human rights abuses in Cuba
wat that is
360, already beat, replaying.
I have a bad habit of gawking at guys with tattoos xP
Sorry for clogging up your newsfeed! Just want to make sure every girl who needs a gown gets one!!
his black power built ass
You know you love it. :)
The motives to dispatch were forgotten, and I amused myself for an hour, with talking to these cliffs:
We will be opening at noon today! Come by & see us!
boo! XD I'm at work and bored. Lol
Lovely Los Angeles afternoon.
Want to learn how to build healthy & sustainable communities? Check out our panel today @ 8:45am in the Congressional room
Why do I have a feeling the Huskies are going to win the Pac12 by losing to UCLA on Sat and then Cal loses to Stanford on Sunday?
Thanks for the Sweet Tweet!
TOMORROW IS THURSDAY.
So who is batting for the Bucs? Not a lot of options.
Sorry for the confusion, the Keurig brewer giveaway is Twitter only. Once you upload a pic, you're entered to win!
It was port... both Dr. Tubbs and Loconte would cry.
Belly is full, comfy clothes are on, everyone is napping, Xmas tree is lit, cozied up by the fire with a new book...holiday bliss!
Are you a photographer interested in covering the Wynwood Art Fair? Contact with examples of your work!
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” —Oprah Winfrey
The problem with Corporate America is that they live quarter to quarter. Long-term investment and strategy is a rare occurrence today.
They all had the same stupid rash
I do, a small one, I am always happy to test stuff.
Anna's dream: library collapsing from overuse. People in wizard outfits saying "But I only borrowed 2 things!"
#DASER Borgia "intelligent male bowerbirds mate more often...intelligence counts."
I want them to play "Day Bow Bow" at my funeral.
hahahahha i didn't even know yewh sniped me!
I'm going to end it right here in traffic. I swear. Been on the road 80 minutes for a normal 20 minute drive.
you guys are amazing :) :)
I've got 2 slots open for next week left who needs some social media promotion? $50 for a week(7days) real results real followers.
I keep telling myself shit happens for a reason.
Look at the trees and look at my face and look at a place far away from here
RT : RT “: Mobile is most personal computer we've ever owned. The avg person looks at their phone 150 xs a day #dsum12”
I'm actually about to cry.. THIS CAN'T BE THE END OF KURT AND BLAINE!!!!
we are concerned with the corruption of Congress, bought and paid for by corporations. Americans against Americans = Democracy.
Great, that's all that corner needs, more empty storefronts. Hope it's only a rumor.
I cannot get Call me, maybe stuck out of my headd!!!
guess what its FRIDAY!!!!!!
I'm stunned. A city plow just went through. Not a subcontractor.
MLB season starts in less than 4 hours. Never been more excited
For most men a women is karma on how he has treated females of his past!
Ha nah you are cool Augie! Dude what happened wiff you and callaghan?
Looking forward to #CincodeMayo! Why, u ask? It's the next day I get to sleep in, & will be 'I'm not getting off my butt all day' day.
lmao you guys look good brother. Rep your hood nigga lol
looks like I got hacked. changed pw... sorry about that!
Don't Ever Play That Tough Shit With Me. . . PLEASE !!
she here
I'm trying to write in 140 senetences what will be obvious if you draw it :)
Still think the jazz's old uniform & logo was way better.
I had the iPad in my cart and then it crashed. I was THISCLOSE!
Hella hot outside,
What a day...
had a great time with and at a great burger place in Pittsburgh !
Cant believe im sitting next to Ellen Degeneres right now
Xmas Tweets: Mom explaining how another family celebrates Christmas by "opening their presents, just like us."
no problem Lil lady!! See ya tmrw :)
CF2 was a blast! #Turn down the fucking sepultura and listen, man!
If you honk at me to be moving faster for my parking space, I'll be pushing that park button. Falalalala
Damn look at this shit
I handled the fish and reptiles in short order, but Medusozoa are tougher customers by far.
Yes. The French Open in 2006 and last Three Years at Indian Wells
Middle of the day bubble bath...Relaxing and needed
I will add them to guest list and email them a confirmation email. Will just need address of winners.
Twitter is good! Facebook is better
A Hidden Benefit of Afghanistan: Peace via
way to go, Joe! We need good men like you in Philly
you're just figuring that out? Well, admitting you have a problem is the first step towards recovery.
I knew it! haha
do you miss being in the fron office after seeing all this action in the past 48 hours?
When I say I had fun with my girls, nobody ever knows if I mean my friends, or my boobs
Tom Petty, The Cult, Judas Priest ...
Discretion is the perfection of reason, and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
thanks for the follow.
Do you know when your panel is going to get started on CSPAN? Let me know if you can, thanks!
He should really stop hanging out with the wrong crowd before its too late.
What a perplexing day. Is #KONY2012 #coverthenight trying to overshadow #NationalWeedDay?
Friendship isn't about who you've known longest, it's about who came and never left your side
We have a huge show announcement on its way!
People change, memories don't.
ME TOO. I live down the block from a shop called Doggie Style where there are tiny dogs shopping for canine accessories all day.
hey tiff just saying hey girl miss you much:-)
Travel writer friends, do you post to #TripAdvisor? If so, anonymously? Or straight-up regardless of hosting/comp guilt?
Working over here.
has been doing traveling arrangements all night and is now going to bed.
Save us some seats at your church.
well you tried. Everything happens for some reason or another. I know it will happen when you get this all solved!
Still talk to some old CC profs as well MT : still very close to my journo prof from Valencia CC & he knows his shit
The b*tches aint loyal! And these NIGGAS not either!Let your loyalty lie within!Trust ones own self! Cause ain't nobody else TRUSTWORTHY! 👊
Its so hot. Pool be so perfect!!!
Damn you work, always interfering with perfectly good video game time.
Mass Effect 3 looks really cool. I look forward to playing it when I finally have time to do so, probably in the year 2019.
