Our Spring Opening & Plant Sale continues tomorrow 10 am - 4 pm w/ tours & children's activities + food truck joins us for lunch!
Conflicted and PO'ed /:
Wait til 2012; you're def getting coal from Santa for your 2011. ": Totally gonna try being a nice person one day, you guys."
please follow?(: I love you so much!please follow Jacob!<3
Hurry up football season, it's time for the titans to get a ring!
plzz follow me i beg you like it said on the letter !!
What campus are you going to attend?
Mark, please get a base hit!
I still got that jacket
I'm trying to connect with girl scouts of America. Any ideas?
hey did u get my tweet?
she already did I was pissed man I start to tell her fuck that I'm heading to skool lmao
LOL I've been #paleo for about 18 months now. I've lost 30 pounds (not that you need to, obviously). btw, i consider red wine paleo
“: is probably the best person on the planet.” << I have the BEST followers!! Love you guys!!! 😘
Has anyone started thinking about Teen Read Week? I'm brainstorming some ideas. Would love to know what you're planning!
I am a headshot photographer in Philly area, do you need updated headshots for next week! See camseaphotography on FB
Thought I spotted Gov. Christie at the Columbia, NJ rest stop but it was just some other fat douche.
I forgot how many cool features has that it's taking longer than I expected to build out the features page...
thanks kid, can't wait to come check your shop out ...
Anna Wintour spoke to us today, Kim Kardashian will never ever ever get back into the Met Gala! that she never worked for anything in life!
We're at #HWW2012, listening to Regional Director Ken Munson and WI DHS Sec. Dennis Smith discuss health reform
Every morning wen that alarm goes off I jus wanna say fuck that job....but my #getmoney habit is something I can't break
That was a Optimistic fan making excuses & stating delusions
Listening to NAACP General Counsel Kimberly Keenan speak at the CBTU Awards Dinner in Buffalo. Powerful words, powerful woman! Go NAACP!
Ah! metadata jokes...
like, she seriously thinks i give a fuck and it's sad.
Join us for Happy hour, just starting! Food items from $2-6, drinks from $2.50-6 and sports on all the flat screens!
give me a shout out on that well done 3
That's a crazy addiction. She was "The Bomb" !!!
Overheard at church: "He learned the photon torpedo from Henry." - Boy, 6
lol ha she said sorry
So, the website says it's sold out. Did I need to get a ticket? I thought it was just a show up kind of thing.
The fact that you telling me it's cool if i go on a date lets me know you doing the same.
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection
About to go check out think like a man
Still pretty chilly out; its the thought that counts though; amirite Dr. Feelgood?
Back to la today
eron riley is on ur practice squad it looks like.. and then kyle mccarthy, i dont know about.
Goodness no, we lent our voices but #ColorofChange etc have been heavy hitters on P&G. But it takes a chorus, right?
If anyone feels the need to find sex distateful and bereft of feeling just in time for New Year's, just watch
A great rain for Houston today. Good thing I mowed the lawn yesrerday!
heyy (: nothing much man chillin! You?
I knew I could count on you. :)
Slightly different than how I imagined it, HUNGER GAMES really rocks as a movie.
haha glad you didn't that made my week
May 1st, 1707, the Act of Union joined the Kingdom of #England & Kingdom of #Scotland to form the Kingdom of #GreatBritain |
“: A 16-year-old boy died after masturbating 42 times without stopping in Rubiato town, in Goiás region, Brazil.” monks bro?
yes, no duh--Tina Fey in a dramatic role is the whole awesomeness of the idea.
That was the fastest Andrew Bynum has moved all night trying to get outside to take that 3
bahahahahaha we have a winner
I got plenty sauce , call me rago # $auceeeeeeeee ;
Nice! :D Yeah, the mailing list is a HUGE resource. Lots of *amazing* people on there.
Let's go
Thanks, Thibaut! That means a lot.
Im a gentleman. I know how to treat a girl. I wont EVER hurt a girl. Yes.. we exist.
Definitely got to be the first to launch things. Be way ahead of the competition.
Why do the world's problems always get overshadowed by celebrities?
Thank you and give my best regards to Shelly
have fun in Japan!my mom lived there, theres so much fun things in Japan!Jade is very lucky to be with you!Love you & have fun!xo
honestly...they know who they are
3rd is Rice University as Judge Hofeinz secured oil rights for the school.
Zumba= fun! I have video. Do you take a class? I would love to be in a class!
I love to make art that is out of the ordinary, that makes one feel or thinking something special.
HAH good one. Count Eli's rings THEN compare peyton to Eli. Stankin up Denver.
#sschat, The sts write scripts for newscasts or reinactments, use a rubric to keep sts on track for writng,let them be creative for filming
why in the hell my followers keep droppin??
I need more followers follow me and I will follow u I love u all so much
"I'm American who gives to his country. Even when I make it rain, I'm giving it to Americans. - Floyd Mayweather jr
I know, she dont listen to anyone, I tried telling her!@ Next time she come to BK you tell her lol
I missed it :-(
Had so much fun yesterday at the #RecruitCamp UnConference. Can't wait for the next one!
If your in town for #westweek...stop by Christopher Farr Studio and check out MK Collection textiles and new rug designs
hello friend my name is fernanda c. your friend of school :)
One less lonely girl coming on in chili's. >>>>>>>>>>
At the game with and #DCU #VamosUnited!
My question is did LSU practice at all over the month? They look terrible!
Overheard at #IHOP: some guy reading aloud his dissertation on the merits of Clarissa Explains it All.
Officials make use of services from collection agencies to track down nonpayers of civil traffic violators
Don't get all pissy. Just some #rsdiu real sauce drink it up. That prove I'm actually a fan?
Never lose yourself in the process of valuing someone so much that you forget that you are special too.
Hadn't tweeted in a while.. felt like I needed to
A freshly opened tower of blank cds smells like maple syrup
Tonight at work, someone checked a backpack at coat check that had a dog inside. A living dog.
yes, we are a very happy family! :)
RT : RT : Big Welcome Home to the homie #QUEENS!!!
No problem. Just get the aspect ratio correct. Thanks. Just discovered the problem. Using #AMIA11 and most others using
Shoutout to my "new" followers...my bad for the late follow back
“: When your in Sunnyvale, Liquor is considered a food group.”
Live your dreams....
Thanks. See you tomorrow.
woohoo! follow me!!!
I'm aghast that ANYBODY wants Santorum to be our next president. What ARE they thinking?? Hey , what's the weather in NZ like?
how is track season?? Muncie 70.3 will be a fun day!!!
I think I would like to sit back and reread Rich Morris's The Ten Doctors sometime this weekend. One of the great pieces of Who fiction.
They discontinued rainbow twizzlers? There is no god!
Do I like the song 'Bring me back to Life' by Evanescence?? Uhh... yeah, I did... but then the Kidz Bop version ruined it.
Step Brother
come over and straighten my hair......
no diggity... No doubt
idk when we start
GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE - tonight at 4am. Dean Martin in THE SILENCERS + EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. mai tais & movies. no place but Frankie's
stealing your idea...
Excited to shoot with and John Andretti this morning.
Thanks Tim. Hope the full response was helpful.
LOL I am working with on a 1 minute spot to post on YouTube for Olivier is my guinea pig on Thu
Nirvana's Nevermind album gets me so hyper x)
says im influential about #champagne and #drinks. sorry for partying.
no doubt
Love the rooftop at AMLI On the Boulevard!
First five minutes of this second half could decide the game. So far so good for #Vermont after five quick points. 35-23 UVM 2 mins in.
lol that's my college email. Pretty much the only one I actually check.
2012 Best of the Best Awards... and the winners are: Best Studio: Azmyth Recording. Best Producer: Travis "Kold Kut" Moore.
I'm BLAZIN' ;D
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a sexual abuse victim's life spiraling out of control.
Lord thank you for all my wonderful friends and family. I am truly blessed!!!
The only thing that could make this night better is
so goodbye everybody.. .
Thanks boo!!
I'm glad I no longer have to read what I write to my madre cause sumthing about her mind I have to explain in full detail every sentance:p
My pet rock was used to vandalize a car window.
I have to choose? He can't just make me both. My other dream has always been to become a man with a suit.
big ben and marty on DP this morning? nice.
tweet tweet...have a great week! :)
what guy
is it possible for someone to have a diferent personality when they have a guitar in their hand and singing? cause he is a real jerk mostly.
Helped out an old lady in the laundry mat by buy the socks she sells hopefully there good ones and not itchy
yalll yalll yalll hah i like saying yall. i always do. omg i need to stop
jennifer hudson sounds great, admittedly. but i would have liked to have heard dolly sing her own song.
has seen your last tweet? Thats so sweet <3
Interview tomorrow.
I m addicted to the song thug le <333
It's moving along - slowly but surely! Thank you for asking!
Though, I completely forgot about the 'Canes. My apologies.
I bet<3
I was right! Thanks to quoting and in my Bio 100 final I got 100%! A for the semester!
its me your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick i kilt that pussy and grabbed that knife now ive got
5:40am and guess who's awake!
Saying home on a friday night and playing my xbox alone.
girl y'all a mess! Lol
Dont' forget, we also have the #best #mojitos this side of #havana in #nyc. #HappyHour #specials drinks are half off from 3PM to 7PM!
I was complaining about this in my 16mm film class and the teacher told me to deal with it cause it's the way of the future.
` Bout To Go Eat Ill See Ya Tmrrw : )
So when I tried singing Ludacris part in "Baby" by i learned how to speak yibberish :D
I hope he starts touring the country. Right now he's only doing shows in Cali.
waving at you way up there from Wichita..... Had fun at our rainy state fair
I'm finding out that MKE as a city really respects its bus operators.MKE off duty.
Durant seems to have fixed is shooting problem
We need more braves games on TBS.
About to watch Jane Eyre.
is coming out swinging at Newt!
THE COLUMNIST, with John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines, opens on Broadway tonight from
Destroy What Destroys You
If you don't decide what your life is about, it defaults to what you spend your days doing. ~Robert Brault
HA! You guys are awesome.
unstream made my day(:
Can't sleep.
Do not pray for an easy life. Pray for strength.
such a beautiful woman
Going to O's game on Sat night w a pretty fun group. Pickles pre-game and all. You know you want to.
A6: no big regrets, but I have learned so much from mistakes. I am learning to enjoy the journey!
Wallpaper tiles would be fun too. I wouldn't hate seeing that pattern all over a wall in my office :)
no chance of rain for Prom night!!!!:D
Officially cancelled See parallels to a first girlfriend situation. Good times, we grew together. Moved on to something better.
:O I really liked!
Sounds good! I'll be around next week, definitely.
I caught the awesome bug too; hearing it all day long at work.
Nah, I don't glorify the penitentiary, I talk about it because it was a huge part of my life. What were you dong at 18 yrs old?
I love it there!
I'm going to a Cubs/Braves game today. I'm going to cheer for both teams. Twice the excitement.
Pacers are killing it let's go!!!
I would digg the Bury Brigade in a sec!
Sleep for mama, !
Of course! :) followed!!!
I love you.
match one
Need wisdom for your love life? Come check out our new series called "Love Life Rehab" this Sunday! Your love life will not be the same!
Wow! Just saw highlights of clippers-grizzlies, wish I could of stayed up for that, who doesn't love a comeback?
I thank god for waking me up this morning, & for all the ppl in my life.
My first kiss went a little like this.
Yes. wtf Twitter...stop being an asshole twitter...dammit.
Basketball then family today, gotta love Sundays
I'd rather be alive than to deal with your oppression.
nice meeting you today!!
Roses are red violets are blue its timf for u to follow me:-)
... and it usually ends at the time parenthood begins.
Potential wedding caterer is a BBQ place out near the "Holy Cow" ice cream shop. Sounds promising!!
Staying the night at Sam's \m/
My brother is going Miami on Wednesday, so not fair! And I'm stuck in this piece of crap.
I'll get down on my knees for you.....
Painting to video—I feel like painting is very "new media" in it's process. Did you find the transition to be easy
I stay on Facebook like Suns defenders stay on Laker 3-point shooters. Far Far away. ;)
She just did it again, without a blink!
“A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.” -- Hunter S. Thompson
Hey its #followfriday. Wait no its not. Lol who came up wit that anyways? Ha classic!
Great indian meal... St pete feels a bit like india... Think humidity
I'm hungry. Someone should take me out to dinner at Peter Luger stat! Or at the very least Boulevard. We both get coffee and everyone wins
Anthony Pettis has the meanest head kicks!
I been seein a lotta heads drink those lately. U co sign em?
New Belgium Shift, never had it before. Good stuff.
well that sucks
I'm turning into such a softie😏
The men's US Open final today will be a Djok.
With you, I'm stuck in the clouds
Orioles heads aren't in it tonight...
Seth Godin giving a great talk on "what's now" in marketing
I know bad boi
I'm sadistic. I go to the supermarkets to watch mothers lose it and beat the shit out of their kids.
It's at the end of June, so I think it's too late for dept. funding. If I can scrounge up the gas money I'll go & stay at a KOA
I'm jus sayin he don't dress like it lmao
haha meanieee. But seriously I'm envious. I need a beach or a pool
I really hate what you've become
sending positive thoughts your way. You are a very strong woman. :)
been waiting for southbound light rail for about 30 minutes. Broke train.
Man . I'm not gonna do no hw today lol
thank you Long fight for the middle class survively .u in the city
yesterday way a great day for Team Go. Gotta start getting some more ads out there though...
its not trending here
Sleep make sme feel drained but its the only time I dnt notice figgments of my imagination coming to life :p .
my friend, who was Hari Krishna, is discovering "Life is so much happier with God" Praise Jesus for revealing His truth and His love!
I Love Living Life !
Interesting. A is your friend.
Wicked Carnival apparel will be coming to a store near you in the near future!
I love that played Raise Your Weapon on the
When somebody tell you "You good" that means your a non factor
it wasn't below market when he signed it. He needs to understand that he's not getting $24mm/year when Brady/Manning get $20
Responded to FIRE @ 135 Palmer Road, St. Regis Falls, NY 12980. Red Cross auto update.
Returning a movie w/ from red box was a fail the movie is in her xbox :D haahaa
Panthers fans...look at your timeline. Which writer employed to cover the Panthers is answering questions, giving info? I got nothing.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society
cause am either getting ten or forty depending if my dad chooses to wait or not
Can't wait to do it again! All new guests, games and hijinks: Friday Nov. 11 @ 9:30pm
oh yes. I am working on it now.
": Tim asking if you can pencil the Brewers into the playoffs?" Yes, they are still my preseason pick for division
Mama I'm coming home
More wins for Vancouver USA - State Girls BB Champs! #Prairie & #Skyview!
If Andrew Ott can make Paulina Rubio super hot in her videos, I can't wait to see what he'll do for us at the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conf!
If you have a triumphant story...... We would like to share it on the KOKO Dennis Show. Email pic/story to
Hey Wayne! why have I not seen you since you were outside work in clifton?!
Ctfup Why y'all at my house eating my food my mom made ctfup.. Idc I Love y'all :)
There are soo many good movies coming out soon!! Can't wait to see them!! #TheVow #TheLuckyOne #HungerGames 🎬🎥👍💗😍
Ok gaga, this Joe act is just getting old
Thank you Sean. Why id Gods name are you awake?
going pee in the Venice Beach bathroom =
Don't wanna work tomorrow if I have to start at 5:30am.
And is awesome. I totally want to direct it.
Can it really be true? I have shorts and a tank top on!
Hasn't stormed this hard since nam
Thanks, Pat!
I also want a new DSLR that crushes the 7D so hurry up with that , I don't want to have to threaten you with a switch to Canon.
Thanks so much!
#Syracuse basketball goes 20-0! Best start in school history! Go 'cuse!
According to the President of Florida Naturist Association and South Florida Free Beaches, we'll occupy the only beach canopy at Haulover
It's been good so far. Just getting into therapy of things, but made good connections re: iPad lending.
it's all worth it of course
is she ok?!
I haven't been able to spend as much time with God this week as I would like ~ I'm so looking forward to a solid 2-3 hours bible study today
Challenging Richard Lugar is beyond me.....More nukes the better so when Indiana gets hit by an ICBM I'll blame it on tea time
Going to Sunset Place. Gonna spend that cash flow at Forever 21 💰
you the shit for that
no one wants me. I'm broken down. And I have helmet-hair :(
you too!
Everything gone be fine !!!
Well he gone take wat i give em
"He sees two moons" - Benjamin Franklin on being drunk. Presumably they were both in the sky. #18thCenturyStreaking?
yeah. you forgot about your abs......
Nope! It's "Say what you want".
Yeah “: is that the movie with Channing tatum & Rachel mcadams?”
Omg! I miss this. RT : How is everyone's #Bateman planning going? February is Bateman Implementation Month!!
Woohoo! Party in the snow tonight! Free show Friday @ Legends! It's warmest closest to the stage!
bracing myself for a day of internet asceticism
Barbie, in case you didn't know, is "really smart," evident cause she speaks in a "fancy voice." Barbie talks?
At Car Crafters, we use nationally recognized standards to determine whether or not a part is repairable or must be replaced.
Can't lie, Dropsy Brain gets me all the time.
It teaches me. You teach me. When i'm down i think "What would Justin say?" &' When i say its bad .. it's bad. tbc
Cheers! And
How great is that! RT "The Super Bowl overnight rating in Boston was the best ever for an NFL game in that market (56.7)"
#SMW Speaker Dupleep Wijayawardhana discussed "The Three Es of Empire Avenue: Engage, Expand, Evaluate"
lol I plan to :)
I'll take 10% for electrical consulting support
Yeah!!!!!! Love It!!!!!RT : #PanAm is still alive and will air through February, says ABC President Paul Lee.
kind of want to register for ALA conf
its all good.. its just a small one ;) and it would be cool if we could put them in our house lol.. maybe one day
Whats is the Problem??? :I
You're moving AGAIN? :(
Did you know EBA clients and customers include world-renowned medical centers, professional sporting teams, soccer moms, & active retirees?
hike. if you see me carrying what looks to be a rodent...dont be alarmed. it's only Lola.
Lol! RT : Ghanaian Pidgin is lyk a powerful irritant in my ear drums and it get worse sef.. So bloody nauseatin ...
Twitter says we have 0 followers and 0 Following WE just had 192 followers a sec ago ANYONE else having this issue??
Santorum? SANTORUM!?.... Just pick Romney you d-bags. Santorum is a messy mess that no one likes to clean up.
Smart play by Watson draws the foul.
#3losingseasons He needs right kind of players with a worker's mentality, otherwise he's screwed. Cal can mold near anybody.
David Nour is our guest today, talking about relationships in business! Great stuff! Join us!
ok man
Jonathan Medved - Israel's output on research is multiple what you're getting from (investing in) Harvard, MIT
Recording tomorrow.
It's all moody portraits of douches and the suits they wear. But super-well art-directed! And there's lots of booze.
Emerging markets boost Electrolux profits in Q1
New years resolution: get signed to
Some of those earpieces are so hard to see that it looks like the people are walking down the street talking to themselves
That's what the Red Sox get for trading Papelbon lol
Worst regret = Going against your gut feeling"
Andrew McCutchen the other? Kemp? Granderson?
Thank you SO much!!
They have many loyal fans here. Plus they went through a ton last year
The first track it's playing is by Mickey Hart. Not a promising start.
We're getting closer and closer to the launch of SmashtagConcepts.com!! Start camping out in front of your laptops now. :-p
RT : So apparently, Wrigley Field is the only ballpark where you can throw a home run ball back onto the field. Lighten up ...
I just finished #1q84 last night. Thanks for writing an amazing book. Were you a fan of Darby O'Gill and the Little People?
don't forget the water too !
skip is like tebows angry wife trying too defend his honor
"lookin like a bag of money 💰"
Never enough time for fun stuff. Tonight: grocery store, play guitar, learn some javascript, read "Pygmy."
look forward to the festival..
Lin is the story of the year...he is lighting up the Lakers like an All Star
Vikings players hit Capitol as stadium vote nears
i love it austin (:
Grass fed beef
Facebook&#39;s Creepy, Mesmerizing Roadshow Video
will that land use debate be pre-primary?
I am therefor I would :P I wanna go to my friends house and play mariokart on n64
If someone betrays a friend, then don't be surprised when that one betrays you...
Do you have any upcoming twitter chats?
R.Emerson, It is one of the most beautiful compensations of this life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
bored as hell..wat u on
4 more days till the color run! Yay!
omg this is going to make me cry. I wish things wouldn't change so quickly
why you delete fb
wait so the ref of the current paper would ask me to remove the reference to the other paper for blinding purposes?
The critics keep saying Keira Knightly was miscast in A Dangerous method but c'mon. She's always in period pieces. Like Star Wars.
I've been flipping between Saved By The Bell and Friday Night Lights on Netflix...High school was different in the 90s....
Just finished rehearsing. starts on east coast in 30 minutes.
Thank you for the review & delicious pics! RT : Full review is now up!!...
My feeling hurt real bad I'm off to bed now good nite
Nice to connect with you
Yeah! Thank you, it's so amazing....
You gets no love.
Explaining to my friend what Google Wave was.
If you’re bringing your phone, camera, or other valuables, make sure you have a safe way to carry them so they don’t get lost or taken.
Back to 505 area
B/C of the recession from Bush and you that we have started to recover from thanks to O.
Learn Chinese for the day: 黄色(黃色)[huángsè] yellow
also Mexican Soccer Playoffs! and LEON FC wins Liga de Ascenso!!!! LA VIDA NO VALE NADA!!!!!
RT : Much to be thankful for today. A special thank you to the all of the teachers working so hard each day to educate our kids.
I'm jealous!!!
it's cottony fluff.. Isn't it? It's all over at my place
new , feature on Dr. Stanley Greenspan, nice mentions of & as well!
I put u on my list
My new intro will be premiered in my next video on June 3rd!
good luck today Frat! First in 4 steps to get another ring.
used it in Philly for homecoming last year, got a fantastic deal on a great place in UCity. I'll shoot you the link
To embody the Soul is relaxation, peace, calm, bliss - our natural state.
Do people know what DRM is when talking about online music or content?
I have an "alternate" google notifier I signed so it can store separate account details and run two at once.
Ready, get set, go!
UPCOMING SHOWS......THIS SATURDAY MAY 19.2012 in baltimore for THE MAYORS SUPER SUMMER FEST...its from 10-2pm...100 N holiday street
Mexican Tycoon bails out NYTM
Heading over to KM camera, renting a big lens and shooting stills at the Gotham Dance Company's presentation of "Shady" at the Joyce Theater
It's great on burgers! I'd almost put it on toast!
tell us how you really feel ;)
I've seen him twice, both concerts amazing. My students love the social experiment he did, playing in the D.C. Metro.
I have to clear my mind! ! But I still have no one to trust
Study: Depression 4 Times Higher in NFL Players
I am so sorry. It is very disappointing. If you'd like to email lori I will gladly discuss. Thank you.
I thought it was because of the me and
lol I'll have to see it
fuck i wish i was at your concert... instead i was stuck in the car with my mom drunk puking on herself... fucking gross
awesome thanks we'll make sure to check them out as well thankyou.
Girls say I'm to nice
#ThatAwkwardMoment when everyone asked who #Donny is
Pineapple, orane, coconut smoothie from Surf City in 30th st station just made my day!
Better yet would be if you got an applause break when you walked in the door.
I got new contacts and these are a lot more comfortable
Thanks for following!
can i get a follow please, and how happy are u ot have Crawford as a teammate?
apparently, i look mean. >:(
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Special week in Buckeye land capped with Final Four tomorrow.
Who called it": With an entire quarter of garbage time coming, what are the chance a Laker or two DOESN'T do something regrettable?"
...Oh, geez, now there's an ABBA song stuck in my head, too. FFFFUUUU--
we all miss u so much! We need to get together over summer!
ok i dont
If a Lion swallows his pride, does that make him a cannibal?
What shall pass...gas!
On our way!
DA news conference at 10 a.m. today to address South Bay corruption. Media credential required. 13th floor press room.
Shxt fa the birds --
Very interesting article, Thanks for sharing!
Next up: Top 10 #CRM Best Practices. 10: Leadership Buy-in & Support Are Critical. Make sure CEO/Managing Partners understand key biz lines.
i'm attending avengers! will i see you at the screening tomorrow?
it breaks my heart too
Yes, seeing it Sunday. Trying desperately not to get spoiled.
I wonder what Ray Allen's mom looks like??????
Great night:)
Last day smoking , wahhh :(
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 1
I'M SINBAD IN THE FLESH FOOL...!!! LOL
this is at the forefront of jquery innovation, in the future, if we're lucky, every web site will use this on every link.
It came to a point where it turned into a futile attempt to undo all the wrongs.
--> RT : your the reason they invented subway ha
lol my mama said georgia people cant damn drive , dress .. like where that come from .
cannot contain my excitement for your concert tomorrow boys! i expect loads of hugs!! xx
idl I feel like I don't go on enough and people are hating me ):
yes! Been meaning to get a hold of you. I'll be driving to palm springs all day tomorrow so I'll be free whenever
"Your love so real. I'll be a fool to play...play around on you. I want to stay with you." Jon B- They don't know
I really enjoy getting walked all over.
babies need you
Weather forecast will be too... rain. MT - "Family Night" details for 2012 season revealed tomorrow morning.
RT :can't wait to go watch WICKED at popejoy this afternoon with steve and crystal!
Just discovered Google+! EEk!
Don't worry about people in your past. They're not meant to be in your future.
Welp I guess "casually going out" turned into a party... why does this always happen to me?
Go go
thanxs for the follow boo
Answer me. Does a bought and paid for Congress not concern you?
Just made 200 followers!!! Thanks y'all...
it's possible; everyone's body is different. some people do really well vegan, some people don't. it's biology.
In Miami, just finished my last long run before the race.
Hilary Rosen goes from "Meet the Press" to "Meet the Pests"!
Our team is playing the Lakers in a 7 game series. Metta World Peace is bringing his elbows
MCA and the beastie boys are dope and he will be missed…
Hey tech writing academics! Are you following yet?
thanks for the feedback today. We'll get it done.
what could be going on? It's the great big mystery of this century at this point!
lol at least you didn't eat the whole bag... Also chocolate is good for you lol
Work dont stop. I move according to the work
I will never hear the end of this from all of my friends who go to Kent State
I have the hiccups.
chilling @ home
Completely new experience!
Doing our part to reduce emissions - take the bus, ride your bike or walk to VIA today and get 20% off your bill!
do either of them involve a snitch?
Omg u don't take notes and u can do calculations in your head ur so smart
man, 3 OTs for a loss. painful. RT : YOOOO! Just saw my man on tv at the Heat-Hawks game!
- fixed!! thanks for the support!
fhdskjfghkhgksjdh JASON LANCASTER JUST TWEETED ME. excuse while i go shit myself. okay.
My perceived indifference on #Occupy is not that at all. It is a mix of fear and reverence. Together they are paralizing.
Spin me around this big ol' barn, tangle me up like grandma's yarn<3
I wish I was sleeping as well as the guy snoring next to me at the infusion ctr. 3rd Benlysta infusion is easy peasy!
I do the same thing.
Hope this will be a good 2 hour show.(:
GOD I WISH I WAS BLACK
Those are not even close to be the top 20 breweries in the US.
It is better to be beautiful than to be good. But... it is better to be good than to be ugly. - Oscar Wilde
Sodium Chloride is being used on MN roads right now to make travel safer.
RT : Kirk Cousins goes to to back up RG3. Best remaining QB is probably Ryan Lindley or maybe Case Keenum.
oh yes! Say that one more time...And it is momentum that can't be stop.
done :) good luck to you
it's all the folks connecting there to go to NOLA for the final four. NCAA doesnt hook the dr up? Shame
CheeseCake Factory Sunday Brunch........ Gotta love it
Want me to play the family man ill spray up the family van
Caught singing in public. Again. To the guy that was blocked on the sidewalk...behind me, my singing, &killer Mariah moves..I'm so sorry :/.
Still plugging away at these rosters. Strength management is a beast.
I'm always gonna call u that now...eskiho
Well thank you! That's really nice of you. :)
I'm on twitter all night
Damn.... Really sorry to hear another kid died from that school shooting yesterday.
goes to see Art that cannot be named
Jay and kayne got a lot hits, long list
no hun stay its ok I was just wondering we can talk
Your brother is Dustin Waldron I assume. Congrats to him.
Thx for the support, RT Staff!
Let us know if you need any help! We have a ton of scholarships on our website.
imma bring u ur dress tomorrow... I promise, sorry for the delay
Heard Tea Obreht read tonight. She balanced excerpts from her novel with backstory about writing it. Great way to engage the audience.
hm good question.. what are you doing tonight?? Want to grab a drink?
Hope she heals up well! Lost my cat to cancer this year. It's so hard to see them go through that.
so I only eat meals for social purposes. the rest of the time I put whole foods in small containers and graze.
He also said it's ok to have sex with ugly women. I'm not sure how to take that.
Aw. Happy Birthday!!
RT : Love is like a gun.. If you play with it, you WILL get hurt..
In line for Super Secret Screening - let's go AVENGERS!!!!
I'm going to go do awkward things with awesome people. Or maybe awesome things with awkward people. I'm not sure yet.
Ugh, seriously. That book is epic. And then when you finish you're like, huh?
Almost time for hey Arnold (:
Wow! We are so awesome :) Yes! We were meant to be friends! I'm so glad we are. I wanna see your cowl when it's done, ok?
sorrrryyy, my friend is on my twiittterr .! :)
It's kinda sad watching deadliest catch knowing that Phil died. RIP Phil Harris.
This is a question that all parents must ask during every night-time: Where are my children?
Toured Woody Hayes Athletic Complex today. What an incredible work of OSU football's storied history an rich tradition. Can't wait for fall!
There he is!!!!
<<Follow the new page>>
yes! They're a great source of protein and healthy fats. Just don't get them salted, only have them plain!
Had this one in the line-up, Omar. Great minds...
Physics 232: Robbing young college students of their time, freedom, sanity, anal virginity, and dignity since 1937.
Yea This Summer ; Since im not going nowhere .. AGAIN ! lol
Mention deez, shun. (this has been a test)
i hated when i cant find something. Lol
I have absolutely no experience with 5-inch heels. I think will corroborate that statement.
America celebrated its first Labor Day in 1882, when 10,000 ppl descended on the streets of NYC for a parade to honor the working man.
We wanna include u in our article promoting #AtRisk #IgnacioSerricchio #JodiHarris are in it!
The e-mail odyssey just never ends for you does it. So what'd English Mr. Pike think of our classmates' grant proposals?
Fab pants! x
It's not that I'm not photogenic, it's just that I cannot be captured in only two dimensions.
#listening to mindless behavior hello
that's what I feel like saying right now haha
The pumps at the new gas station near RIT have the little catch thing that lets you pump hands-free. Why is this removed everywhere else?
Isn't there a slaughter rule or is that just when I drink beer and a play softball with desk jockeys?
PIPER'S SON is AMAZING.
Ridley wins one for 'Schnell' A bobblehead doll of longtime Ridley assistant coach Carl Schnellenbach sits on the mantel in Jalen Randolp
“: Big shout to for helping setting my partnership w thanx guys”
holiday season 2009 coupon coming shortly. we don't do many specials as we are already 30% cheaper than most of our competition!
#Writing eases the mind and invigorates the spirit! I make it a habit to write everyday...So can you!
#saturdaylibrarian and it's such a beautiful day outside. Go out and play, people! Don't be trapped indoors like me! Read a book outside!
Here it is again.... Inspirational Thursday! :)
Off early!! About to go get my main and spend the rest of the evening with him 😍
Lucroy stays hot with a double.
-This bitch is saying bugs will if i'm a bug then you is a ugly ass bug.....
Home! Actually had fun speeding to get home...:3. Got stuck in traffic. Played bejeweled...still made it home on time.
If people LoL-ed in real life as much as they do in texts, the world would be a really creepy place...
Keep ya mind on ya riches
slowly but surely we will cover your entire feed in tweets.
when we cruising?
Isn't that green slime algae? As in, "your next tank of gas"?
Hey, Fred Thompson just endorsed Newt Gingrich! Cue the crickets.
do you remember what excuse was to security that got us on field at 3 Rivers Stadium? dont ask why that came up 2day lol
Who will be in Charlotte, NC 4 the conf? Would love 2 connect with you! I'll be there Thursday afternoon.
Search for hashtag #DigiMe to get panelists' tips ... What suggestions are you hearing for revamping your LinkedIn profile?
My brother, but I miss you cuzzo. Remember that day we spent together playing Uno with the old deck of Uno cards? lol
It's official: I'm now living in the Twilight Zone.
Don’t undermine your worth by comparing yourself with others. It is because we are different that each of us is special. Brian Dyson
Wyoming! Back Tuesday. Thanks!
Hi, everyone. This is Doris. Here is a special place for me to share my "Sweet Journey" experience.
You thought you had a real threat with all that lawyer talk huh? C'mon big man. Get that lawyer on the horn. Why you scared?
Back to the AFC North grind tomorrow. Illness has knocked me out today. Sorry friends.
thankfully it wasn't as cold as last week!! but yea it was a bit brisk. I figured I got some air time as I was following Brady.
Here comes the walk off...not good.
Off shopping and for a full English breakfast, then sofa time
Yes, straight away. Drummed into me at school in England I guess. Plus I'm a nerd.
And bachelorette party weekend begins!!!!!!!
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
same here(: I'm like addicted to twitter it's insane(:
Boehner disses presidency, Obama takes it? Obama should show up Saturday without Boehners approval. the president can go where he wants
Or Yikes!
R.I.P. Maurice Sendak
“: Giving your friend the "what the fuck is this" look during a test.”
I am with you. Good lord deliver me from ever seeing that movie.
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit."
dylans british accent < british people
not only am I watching the draft, I'm DVRing the ESPN feed while watching NFLNetwork feed...and switching back&forth to rangers.
is in the middle of seminar week. As always, making death and taxes fun! :)
it's alright, with friends just watched the M's game
ah - yes, I forgot...so I put on 10 lbs and have a year to lose 'em
okay let's go
Tonight's screening of BATTLE ROYALE has sold out! Look forward to seeing the second wave of fans tonight!
yeah be jealous! lol whats your favorite cereal though?
We did way more videos then tht we just havent put them up.yet.
Do you love any sport? Which one is it? Which team do you support?
I just witnessed one of our actors give the finger to one of our child actors, so Saturday is going pretty well so far.
Surgical Technology
Atlantic City, dinner then tonight....
PPS I miss you too
"Callie did you just come in the kitchen and turn the lights on?" "No mom, you never turned them off." "Oh i thought i did."
At least we'd know that Romney believes people into rope play should be able to get married.
Half these hoes on fb postin sexy pics broke as hell and livin at home or wit a friend.
#ihatewhenpeople at like evrybody wants to be like them... L.A.M.E.
What is an astronomer?A night watchman with a college education.
Did You get Your Star Wars Cake Yet? HaHa(: Happy Birthday Prince 1~4~3 ♥
I'm loving this rain for our farmer friends -- I hope it soaks in and helps them grow beautiful crops! :) Happy Thursday everyone!
.night the for retiring finally .work with obsessed pleasantly become again once have i
Nice weather makes me listen to bad rap music.
Almost Friday. #good shit
Happy Birthday
Poor baby...!
I love that show!
finally watching East-West game. I can see Matt Conrath as a late round #Packers selection.
#Pens, you're killing me!
I never thought I'd miss my home town so much
Fire tie the Sounders tonightg 1-1 at TOYOTA PARK. Go Fire
well if you get invited I better get invited too.
“How could any rational being even dream that man was a rational creature?” ~ John Adams, 2nd US President
R.I.P Osama Bin Laden - World Hide And Go Seek Champion (2001 - 2011)
The pig roast was great. Perfect weather, great food, fun tunes, and a fantastic group of people.
Lunch with my mom in downtown Naperville :)
It's a beautiful morning, Haha. So good to wake up full of life! Have a good one
hey nick its jess. Check ur phone.
Sierra Club endorses Pastor Pat Spearman for state Senate | This is ...
Who do you have for the Super Bowl? #Patriots or #Giants?
awesome to see more people playing racquetball. how often do you play? where do you play at?
Happy Monday.. 50cent wing day!! And Hospitality night.
Hilarious how Bill Lawrence altered the opening screen to Cougar Town sine the title doesn't make sense
I think being a blogger's kinda sexy now, don't you think? I'm always intrigued when someone says they're a blogger.
What do you like to use better Makeup Forever or Chanel Foundations?
I don't understand tweets but still I follow.
Always get w/ the #FF luv. so when are we going to do coffee sir? Happy Friday to you as well.
kels and chad left. I hear them fighting. :(
its a good day to skate....i think im going to the skatepark 2day and learn some new tricks :)
Its been a good fucking week :) hopefully this snow doesn't kill my mood
Please trade Josh Smith
operating the crime aand terrorists watch program with my two service dogs, i need my electric wheelchair to be retrned from the repair shop
lucky for you, i made a new batch last night~
RT : As we begin to wrap up, Id like to thank all the great participation, especially to our new faces and anyone lurking!
I know. I pretend I'm bisexual so I can justify a nugget combo
Nigga we all going to the mall so put on a adidas jogging suit don't try to out dress nobody....
I thought about taking one but thought it'd be weird hahaha
Comedy Store tonight 8PM- I'll still have my makeup on from my photoshoot today...so world, I'm ready for my close up.
Exhausted after today's audition, and prepping for another and a shoot tomorrow. Yet there will be sleep... Soon...
it's like that dried pumpkin squash looking thing right?
better and younger than Nazr and has more length than Collison. Thunder doesn't have a true offensive post player
good...that tweet was mostly for you.
It was beautiful. You are so lucky! RT : It was a Gr8 day for a ride! “: 60 degrees #rva #wbgva”
Feeling whiz'd out I think i'm gonna go home eat some tostino's pizza rolls in my pink Ed Hardy pjs & watch old Jem episodes.
please follow me 👼🙏👼
Thanks to all the Santa Fe folks who came out to the Cowgirl last night.... It was a fun show indeed.
There is always an aww-inspiring number of young dads bjorning adorable infants at the whole foods.
What makes your pussy any different from the next hoes??
Bad hair day w/ urge to drink &fight like a drunken Ernest Hemmingway with a machete. Chingasos-a-go-go!
The real crux of this story is that you were eating tofu. You think you know someone...
ugh this account too?! Fucking Internet...
The Prime Time Shuttle to LAX is pretty unique, it stops to pick up passengers and also stops at Jack in the Box.
life is too short for the bs..live and learn
haha, nope just black and white for the most part. We're due for a beer.
#earlyworkout this morning was great! About to start two a days! #PuertoRico trip in 2 months!
getting dressed. getting my baby together....... What to do today?
whatever happened to the mixes? I used to look forward to that podcast more than This American Life. :(
Just finished the Deforestation of Liz project. Apparently, shorts and leg stubble isn't a good look for summer.
I find it interesting that some people can run off 4 hours of sleep. The most interesting thing about it is that I am one of those people
At the Esperanza spalding concert
What U think of as "Green Tea" is dishwater. Try matcha. It's so green it'll make U shudder (& the caffeine'll make U quiver).
word to that sister
Travel back in time for Groovy Science at the Francis Branch on February 2nd at 5pm. Ages 7 and up. Pre-register online or call 282-4641.
Huh. Interesting. I've seen far more "graphic" things on FB. It just seems like people zero in on the ultrasounds.
's bum is on the printer
Seriously, Fulham. I got up for this? #COYW!
Yeah I can't sleep
Loving my honey and cinnamon paste for getting rid of zits in under 24 hours!
On audio, finished THE CUT by & loved it. Started TRACKERS by , read by - very promising start!
Happy Mother's Day to the beautiful - she has to deal with 2 kids. :)
Today was a good day. And Eleanor Roosevelt knew why: "Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people."
Ok. Good. I love you, Mik. Never forget that. I will meet you both some day. You're the bestest friend I ever had. <3
Why don't you just ask him?
and meh, guy = gay 2 posts ago. what a contextually awkward typo explanation.
I have a creation of my own! ^_^ ugh i cant wait to find out wat im havin! I swear im to hyped! *Fingers crossed for a girl*
Had a great book club meeting (4HrWorkWeek) w/
annabell by arttm is probably one of my favorties by them
starting my GGS smoothie today only green I like is lettuce hate veggies will I like this..bought vitamix pls RT back super fan
How is it that everything says is wrong. One would think that once in a while...nevermind.
feel better lady bug!
Whoa, Madlib is coming to NY in January. That nevvverr happens.
Right? Like #19thCAmericanists?
[This is Good]
nahh I'm fine sir(: but thank youu
University Ave construction <<<<<<
Where's my cellphone? I think you've seen it. I had it tucked behind my Smith-Corona.
I'm so loving 2k12 rite now cuz is going hard this year we taking over MB takeover baby <3 luv u ROC
Loaded our $19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies! Receive amazing savings on Zutano & Kissy Kissy Layette!
OKC is an exciting team, but you got to respect Dirk. When he's on the floor you can never count his team out.
hahahahahahahha u had to finish the sentence?
U are my superstar <3
Hey dude watch this video you'll pie your pants it is FUNNY as hell oh how I love the video it might take a while to download
Does he even wear shoes?
Is #Following : thanks friend. I help other's too. View my profile web addy for my info.
i think i'm going to have to try that wonton recipe first ...
Not me.
Dude went to jail and gave up pork but still won't pay his child support #BackwardsAassNi**a
Sweet! Looking forward to it. #summercamp is the best!
A dress for a BBQ? Must be a fancy BBQ. Have Fun!!!
lets remember mr. jimmy norman, i was blessed to have the chance to hang and play with 1 of my fav songwriter.
I think its so cool that one of favorites on JS, played soccer like I do:) awesome!! soccer is my life <3 Tweet back plz??!:) ily!
Less than 36 hours until Cubs opening day
Ya know, just hanging out with No big deal.
The slushie machine at Sonic being broken is a crime against humanity.
Recording session with and Za' firah, then mixing for and
he sounds pretty amazing
It's always fun walking around the hotel with , Caleb, and Kyle! 👍
This is only applicable to me, I think, but even the pit stops are out of my way. Because, yeah.
what? I want pictures:)
The time change caught me slippin
you guys are on the road to fame<333
Of course! Haha I like got dermits if I sneezed too hard. Teachers hated me there
WHATS GOOD WITH YA CUZ, WHEN U TOUCHING DOWN IN THE EAST AGAIN
Spending my 22nd birthday in the library
they must've been some really special boxers... ;-) hahaha
They got any size 8s ?
im all yours
RT : Apparently, the Boston #Celtics made a midseason trade for a 23-year-old center named Kevin Garnett. (via )
Yeah, it's hard to stay on one subject for me. And yes, all those guitars are mine. I have a problem. Ha ha.
Good talking to you today lil bro, even if it was only brief!
I Seriously Can't Wait Til The Summer
Have a great afternoon all!! Time to go back!!
Nobody gives a fuckin shit about you and your stupid boyfriend. don't make 5 fb statuses about him every fuckin day. Dumbfuck.
I could tell by just looking at you if you are an ass man.
aw you're so sweet
#durban can you give me tips on what you recommend to do in Durban, So. Africa? Where to go on a safari? Where to shop for gifts? what to do
U do have the hottest SHIT! I have ever heard, lol
will you have helicopters too, to film them? Heh
yay! What movie?
I just watched Paul. He needs a shirt.
text me!
Omg I know I was mad! I told , I really don't like iconic boyz anymore...
MAN I WANT TO COME THERE! LOL
wait who's gonna be PUNKD tonight?
thanks Kelly! I'm editing some pictures now that you could use. where can I email them?
yeah I bet. And im doing great, we got full rides to this college in Atlanta
hey, I'm right next to you
This is what happens when you're watching a game, designing stuff for a wedding, and are starving.
Are you gluten free? - RT Gluten Free Pizza or Gluten Free Pasta for lunch? YOU decide! Just got our G-Free Pasta in!
Remember to see me off everyone around 5 all stop by! At my house! Ask me for address if ya need it :)
oh yes i did just go there !
What up Stephan? Rock on brother.
Doesn't take much to school a hypocrite loser...LOL.
: Point of reference: Master P is a classic rap artist.
i def. tried to call ur monkey ass again
..sorry, but how? Actions can appear different to others, what one calls "love", can be obsessive & abusive to others savy?
Another round of buyouts at the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. It's been two years since I left the paper in the last round.
I ran across a picture you took of me and you crossed my mind. I can still hear you saying you love me when I close my eyes.
I wanna make you another beat! Holler or send me an a capella to fuck with.
who is the most annoying sister out of all
Dear Steven Tyler, Kelly Clarkson just showed you how to do the National Anthem. That is all.
Saturday Sips continues tomorrow with the one and only Todd Ruby from 2-4 p.m. Hope to see you for a free taste!
Sittin in the house bored on a friday night
#WeWontWork if you cant kiss me in front of your niggas .
Are you trying to commit suicide by #KidneyFailure ? LOL
The 1st Lady is concerned about the health and well being our youth and we should be commending her not condemning her.
If you're coming to Back Bay Social, they are at capacity BUT say you're here for the 80's party and downstairs. We are locked and loaded.
"Open different doors. You may find a you there that you never knew was yours." –Bert (Mary Poppins)
I bet i could get a date with #IfIHitTheMegaMillion jk:)
Wow RT : The upper peninsula wants to be its own State??? Even Michigan doesn't want to be part of Michigan???
Anybody have any great plans lined up for the 3 day weekend? Any adventures planned?
You still have the open mic at the VICTOR HOTEL on MONDAYS
Can you play #ClassicGirl tonight? Wanted it played at wedding 16 years ago #FatherInLaw wouldn't have it.
It's in the building! The tricked out iMac editing / content creation station is here!
This was in fact, by far the worst/funniest Friday ever! #Crazy,Isn'tEvenTheWordIWouldUse
Looks like and her breakthrough might be next!
for the record, is instagramming photos of our dog.
little boy: "my computer froze." me: "you broke it?" little boy: "no, it's just froze." me: "you broke it."
Christopher Guest & Troupe - Fabulous.
That is VERY true!!
Damn pat summit done
More & more research out there on lack of evidence for learning styles theory! Stop wasting instructional time on inventories and such!
have you tried it?
that sounds like you did them a service to me.
#RESPECT RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 40-0.
I honestly believe i have a kid somewhere that i don't know about
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do. ~Benjamin Franklin
Movie time. Game over. Pitt vs Green Bay
"Don't live the party, be the party"
You're welcome...I'm nice that way.
Why do I see many people saying that they're going to delete? These are memories you dont wanna forget!.
well, as long as the Dems don't have 60 votes in the Senate McCain and the GOP would fillibuster free hugs.
elaborate!!! Define: all
Miss me with that fake shit ain't no time for it niggas barely reaching 25
You think the neighbors would notice if I threw the entire sink full of dishes out the window?
I am completely fascinated by Betty White. The world is so lucky to have her!
Oy vey. RT : Among those trying out at Chiefs rookie camp: TE Martin Rucker and ILB Leon Williams--both have ties to the Browns.
Darn you, Ms. Hoff. I don't like writing papers on reconstruction.
I Am Beautiful(:
I think Papa Grows Funk will be less crowded at tonight. Like maybe 2% less crowded.
Greetings, all. Very happy to join in today's discussion on IMAGINATION.
Tori Is Sleepy Now , GoodNight Twitter <3 Wish Me Luck On My Game Tomorrow Against Rudder :D So Pumped (:
Followed by "I do, I do, I do"
RT : Back again w/ , and come down, there's plenty of parking!!
He's at golf tryouts, you can probs text him though.
Hopefully Chuck takes Cam Cameron with him.
Look for at UWM and MSOE today promoting the Hackathon :)
enjoying my first day off of summer. of course, i go back to work tomorrow for a few hours, but nothing like the regular work week!
praying for my sister. Gods speed.
Thanks for sharing Phil!
Koolaid and muffins ha
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
It's hot as balls in my house. I don't wanna wear clothes anymore.
Nice suit Bruno Mars!
Banks ejected ... What for?
It is good stuff.
check out & go to website. Cinderella castle lunch!
You bet! Thanks for following us :)
I didn't even see this tweet last night! I won't be there :\
ENKG... Easy 400% profit from here!!!
So stoked it's gonna be on a Saturday! RT : I think BFD is June 2nd with fun. Calling it now. We'll find out Monday.
waiting for 2 come online, then going to bed . =)
Follow me and I'll Follow Back.;..
Whispery, quiet voices make me extremely uncomfortable.
#Rockies get a gift. Replay show Helton off 1st base by about, oh, 2 feet.
Seasonal Hair Color..let the spirit of the season move you...
somehow Ted Thompson needs 3 or 4 new and impactful guys on defense this off season..preferably not 6th or 7th rd picks..
Thanks for checking in!
We are Broadcasting LIVE on from inside with & ! 226 West Bitters off 281 - JOIN US TONIGHT!
Against my will I suppose my corpse will vote for the big O :/
Hi pls follow me back ?? :D
DON"T be BORED this Monday Night! Go check out these PUNK bands! THE ENDERS & the LUSTKILLERS - Mon. July 19th - THE MUSE - LAFAYETTE, IN!
I don't wanna get out of bed. It's too comfortable!! D':
“: Ready to hear jonas music....we're making some right now. Thanks everyone!!!” Work!!!!!!
Right and a wrong way to love somebody
Wanna be on TV with Eyeshine!!? FREE SHOW! ALL AGES! 9/14 Weds 11:30am @ The Key Club 9039 Sunset Blvd BRING YOUR FRIENDS!!!
I love getting tweets from the cast!!!
Sounds like today is going well for you so far. I'm at the Enum library hiding from visitors so I can get work done.
sort you out? That sounds a bit odd...like I'd be filing through your underpants or something. Ha ha.
more like #bothteamsspecial since men are #1 and women are
1st Lady Michelle Obama in Pittsburgh this afternoon. Will meet with members of 911th Airlift Wing. Mitt Romney also in Pittsburgh today.
With Tim Jankovich leaving Illinois State for SMU, a very good MM-plus job has opened in the Midwest. Should attract some good candidates.
Today's practice
Woohoo!! My daughter just anchored the winning 4x200 m relay. She really ran a great 4th leg. #soproud!!
Nothing beats our fresh lemonade on lazy afternoons...
Just watched ET with the family. Oh the memories :)
had the fish on the drive over to the ballpark!
it was good! challenging but good =)
New twitter background finally. Was getting pretty bored with my old one.
Thanks for the RT of #VeniceBistro :)
Thanks for the message ...let's see what we can find!
miss u too</3
i followed ;)
& for a limited time only I might just give you all my attention.
$$$$ leave so fast ..damn smh
What is your favorite movie character of all time? #actors #film #movies #acting #favorites Mine is Frederick Treves from The Elephant Man.
Of course! Have a great weekend :)
I'm totally going to use that talk in my Information Literacy class this week!
Hi Tweeps, it's ! Sorry for the silence on this account - we are working on new events and will keep you posted. Thank you!
did you know that and will pick you up from wherever you are in PB and bring you to #happyhour!
#AmericanHorrorStory yep!!! I'm addicted
RT : Hahaha BREWERS!!! great win for that organization and the state of WISCONSIN!!!
How do you calculate simple interest?
Happy Easter
is that the opening theme song to the "Gilmore Girls?"
thanks for sharing with us today at YPO. I'll never look at relationships the same again. Thank you!
Grotto Tonight. Don't forget your dancing shoes... I hit the Decks at 10:30pm. That it all.
I agree...DMXs was pretty moving in a strange way.
Reason #1 why I'm voting for ? Them baby blue eyes.
Do what you gotta do...
Our vending machine at work has stickers next to the healthy choices. There was not a sticker next to peanut M&M's. Whomp whomp.
i check'd out that biggie smalls movie and i liked it!!! did you?
Man, I can't believe that I am sick! It sucks having a runny nose while awake and not being able to breathe while sleeping...
I agree completely. Overall the tone is much lighter here. You can get deep if you want to also. I hope that never changes.
I try :p love these guys
I'd like to see Tebow go back home to Jacksonville. They will always love him there. And hey we all know Blaine Gabbert sucks
Hey AT&T is expanding is coverage in the metro stations. Just got a connection in the van ness station.
A year since launched. Quite a year! Congrats!
You just can't forget something that played a role in your life so much..
Hahaha! Sounds like we'll get along famously!
Taxes done (1 federal, 2 states), sort of.
your TechStars url doesn't work?
I didn't have any swimmers! Lol
Yes, yes it is! RT : Is this the book that was featured on an episode of ?
Dude I do too
Man, I was really hoping there would be a cookie in that envelope for Angelina. Homegirl looks hungry.
We will be open on Memorial Day, for all of you staycationers!
#FF inspiration now from L❤VE
and gone b at #Figure8 this saturday turnin up !! Make sure u there !
Remind me: How many tattoos do you have now? I need to know how high the bar is set for myself :)
Loving Arlandria, and amazing new song. Who's got two thumbs and is buying this album? This guy.
you're scared of me
MT: Shooting response today Wed 3/21 at 6pm, Kingston Ave & St Johns. Stop Shooting. Start Living.
if any of you want an early dinner were eating o'charleys at 5 !
I think LA Reid dips his head in make-up every week.
Audience is asking really great questions of Ben. #UW represents!
has been absent from my life for so long that I've resolved to get #gregbaumann trending.
Dr Craig, no problem. Thank you for the follow as well. Have a fantastic week!
We r very excited to be at #eTailWest! Lots of great presentations. Stop by Track A panel at 4:15pm today. See u soon!
According to , my Klout score is 57. If I reach 100, do I become King of the Internet?
Jacketman09 cusotm apparel caps shirts at www.customcapsunitedstates.com we love your hitzzz
Thanks, Mike!
OFF WITH YOUR HEAD! ;-)
My girlfriend is so beautiful
Work hard, drink more..lol
Amazing words from
Follow back! .xx (:
stay bless homie :)
NEVER!!! :) still owe you RT : You must have forgotten about Fat Tire David.
i want red in my hair like my twin.. NOW. (:
And a wheelchair ride to breakfast! : sympathy drinks, all new clothes...win-win!! beauty in the moment. :-)"
my strange addictions is the shit
rofl you facists need laser weapons to disperse crowds? Get a grip with reality and lay off the paranoia Kool aid
I love Arsenal, Theo Walcott is my favorite player! But he is out for the season with a hamstring injury :(
Is it just me, or was my old twitter username: "" was dissatisfyingly "Tony Glive"?? Hmm. Hence change
How Old did Montana turn?!
If you want to!
Yes America, RG3 has been carrying this defense (or lack of) all season.
half hour in already. Janelle is still a hot flaming mess!
Night #2 no power. I guess I'm gonna go to bed
anyone who believes that is dumb,
Does anyone remember LipstickParty? I sure as shit do
dj porter hahah follow him lol love you beadle
I'm obsessed with the unwich.
In a heated argument we are apt to lose sight of the truth.
missing you !!! <3 Hope all is well in NYC!
Just showed my friend 's Jennifer's Body for the first time. Now we are going to be quoting trendy teenage girls all week. Shit.
good morning world, I'm up and ready to have my kinda fun today!
More Money More Problems follow me n da Team
your tweet after the game: "The Lexington Police Scanner is the new "Door." - was most profound tweet I read all night!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
love you too(:
If anything the opposite is true. The view that marriage is anything other than economic is a recent development.
lol.sorry.ohh Yes good.i love volleyball more then cheerleading! :)<3
Ok it's not called an ice match
hit and run! They got arrested! I get to go car shopping, haha.
is it wrong that i blinked like 73 times? :$ <3
is Midwestsyle is a clothes store?
Happy Birthday to my great niece and God Daughter. I love her so much. Love u MiMi AKA Ernestine.
Looking at the art & architecture in Spain makes every notion seem possible. Alhambra to the Prado to Gaudi. Stirs the soul and the mind.
An even more earnest version of "2001: A Space Odyssey"
nope - to DCA. Safe flight! Gr8 seeing u!
I've been staring at fonts all night. The swirly kind. Like Kool-Aid. Oh Yeah!
oh my gosh.. Will they close up?
Eric () has shared a Tweet with you: #Packers stock sale to begin Dec. 6, team announced today."
only if you are there good morning
As construction projects start back up this week following one of the wettest weeks on record are your soils pumping?
So funny! RT : just ate intense al qaeda space cake. feeling...revolutionary
I know sweetness. It's ok. ;)
Lakers pls win if they don't it was nice knowing u all good riddance ill b in the looney bin rocking a str8 jacket
the song for your mom, was so sweet <3 i cried, GOOD JOB. I'm so proud of you (: #ReTweet back!
with my brother who's visiting from south Jersey.
Thick girls plus weed .
Laid out most of moms mothers day presents on the counter for her to see whenever she wakes up. I feel like Santa Clause ☺
That goal post has not been friendly to the Terps, but that is the same end FSU got a FG blocked a few years back by Jeremy Navarre
My iPad update wiped mine clean as well! Pretty frustrating, good luck!
Dig it. That does seem absurd. I go to JFC. It's a great spot, but they are totally struggling at the moment.
RT : Just got my blood drawn for my new life insurance policy...yuck. but thanks for your help!
me either
FOLLOW ME MA IM PUSHING UR TRACK
I thank GOD for my sister Sydria and Bro n Law I would be so lost right now. They are a example of what I wanna be.
Imma fuck this Chick Snap Wrap up ...When i get out the shower ..boi!!
I agree I'm in need of them I don't care what we do lol
sorry. I shut Twitter off. Every time someone tweets, I get it 3 times. Too much on my bberry.
So excited to see the boyf tmr!! Ah!! :D
Damn RT : She can't handle me Smh
Apparently its wednesday...oh
It honestly feels hotter in my basement just watching the Coyotes play. Get them out of Phoenix now, NHL.
dang all yall blowin up fast chicago goin stay on the map and haters is fire
thanks for the follow, Dave!
Breaking bad is getting intense.
so? you never told me when your getting your phone back!
Turnin Up With At #Shadow Room Tonight
stopping turnovers would be step one....
Straight #INDIE brand with JenoLo Clothing..starting from the grass roots up baby #motivation ALL DAY
Or you are waiting for me to do something cool. I am surely disappointing you.
Warm weather tomorrow? Okay.
I'm home from the gym! Been doing 3 a days while on spring break. The transformation is taking shape!
Or the top? I think they dominated it
“Your responsibility at work is to help people achieve more than they know they are capable of.” - at
Hey dj's! Who's playing what @ Midnight?
Really shouldn't look at the promos, considering I'm getting on a plane the day before!
omg, Blackpeoplemeet?! I was someone who would eat at KFC's with be on a daily basis !
thank you sir, i appreciate it
Dalmations are not known for their ability to sit still for long! For both of your sake I hope Rexie recovers quickly!
No. Is it on the website?
Car crash on Fitzsimons Parkway and East 17th Ave. on Anschutz Campus. Car is leaking fluids.
Lmaooo Maxwell is playing in the parking lot .. Weird.
Slow news week.
Oh my goodness. I approve of this, quite a bit!! <3
unless I would win
M , why my eyes hurting. Feeling like they're about to start watering
You are awesome Maria! Can't wait to see you tomorrow night. What time does the show end? Will I see you after for a moment?
$4 you call its and $6 pizzas today!
Believe it or not, but we ALL have secrets
Me too <3 and me vice versa Dylan more lol
I believe everyone is beautiful.
Too low. It is tracking huge ": Sherlock. 55 million"
lunch at south beach :)
I don't think it's likely but it's still an entertaining thought & IF they keep dumping money into the GOP rat hole, it COULD happen
1st guy is a stripper magician w/a mirrorball hanging from his nipple. is going 2 bring out the crazies on America's Got Talent
My head is still swimming from yesterday.
I am so tired of turning on my heat!
Don't doubt God's presence because of your Predicament. ~
Curled up in my jammies waiting for the premiere of Mad Men season 3.
Look the way lala was playing d I think they can get two at home and make this a series
Texas, Detroit, even the 2 teams above us in the AL East!
A relative had room for us so we moved here about a year ago. Cheap rent :)
Wish I could. Next time. I'm already out in the burbs. Y'all have fun!
Come on Badgers, time to OWN the 4th quarter.
This has been one heck of a productive week. #acting :) keep it up everyone.
Hey thanks for the RT!
Hello, and thank you for the link. checked it out, you are coach Michele, right? Nice to meet you. Isn't coaching fulfilling!
thanks for the follow back!
Sounds like a Homepage, downloads page, bio page, merchandise page, tickets, photo section, events page, and a newsletter?
Where were you when I needed you, eight months ago? All your girlfriends talkin bout me, now you ringin up my phone.
inbox me on facebook and ill give it to yhu!
If you want your movie to suck, put Rhianna in it.
Not weird at all! RT : is it weird I am still talking about Stanton Social??
53 is a prime number (not that I knew that when I was a little kid), so we named our online journal Prime Number
I fill like she treat me different
Tired of this Diablo issue, so Im just gonna go crazy at the gym & hopefully it'll be fixed when I'm done. Thanks 4 ur hardwork!
This game has to happen at Mean Girls night
Jake Johnson draws a leadoff walk for St. X in T2, but Eastern turns inning-ending 4-6-3 double play. Still no score after 1.5 innings.
Sunrise is like nature's way of telling you Let's Get It!!!
Putting away dishes at 4:15am...
I wanted to make her smile because of the bad week she had last week. :)
The answer is Yes.
reserved my spot!
Yes, I picked #Missouri. But considering I don't have them going far, it's a loss that I'm totally okay with. This hurts most more than me.
#SanDiego knows how to start the new year off right. Loving this 80 degree weather!
O'Dell IPA, nachos, fam, friends and mountains. Perfection. Go Packers!
"Never let your short term greed get in the way of your long term greed."
Like your activity ;)
Please follow me(; 10
ah so THAT'S why everyone loves me. Why didn't I see it before?! Thanks Major.
Did I just see you at the SD airport? Where are you headed?
thnx for the forthcoming update. Mine might be there tonight :) DrWeb hearts #Tivo and my Premiere!
hello there
Baby, I want you to love me..
#ICC2011 Daniel Boulud demo on Charcuterie starting now. M, I sure hope we get samples with this one!
Got It In The Twitter Bagg:))) MEE!!!:D
This particular lawsuit is for damages that happened to people that were possbily wrongfully harmed by bank errors.
Lmao tryin to still be on that player shit yu should get sum.cash n split it with a nigga den
definitely will…she's a bigger star than Paula (WHO I LOVE) and Nicole combined times 47
I wanna see him!
Lovers and lovers
really in the hotel did you see thenm a lot!?
Anybody else watchin this LSU Alabama game in Baltimore ??
please identify all the American industries owned by the government
...definitely worth a shot!
Good to be back in the Chi!
Indexing means you can serach digital Newpapercopies for article titles, topics, etc. ProQuest Webinar
