Sippin' on some Tampico and enjoying the last of the weekend! ;)
Oh you married? Oh ok you love her? No? Oh ok
Website down for a while as our host is upgrading their servers.
GOODNIGHT ERRRYBODY! And hell amazing bed 💙💤
Does the XQuery Mediator of the ESB support XQuery Full Text? I'd love to handle messages based on tokens (vs. strings).
at the verizon center watching raw live!
I knew it new Black Manta!
someone must be suffering from small pecker syndrome! Hahah we so funny
Shady. I just called to make a dentist appt and they said it would $195 with a card and $125 if I pay with cash. For teeth cleaning...
hey love
THanks to all my new followers. New videos this week
oh no they don't have my phone number now lol its different now...
Big run of projects finally at an end, can prepare for the rest of the summer. What's that? Prospectus? I can't hear you!
CSG director calls for feds to show real commitment to intergov relations instead of just promoting talking points
MK: Dr. Kahn is going over the irrational fear of Islam and Muslims
Congrats to and , who r running unopposed 4 city council. Hope you spend that political capital wisely.
GET TO BED, DAMMIT!
Raise the Jolly Roger!!! McCutchen is the man!!
Always happy to help! :)
Thanks a ton Bismarck, ND! We had a blast! ...and we made it back alive!
#pleaseExplain what is difficult about lime flavored limeade? Did I miss a memo? I feel like
Great rehearsal tonight! diggin the new tune
Who will come to me to Chicago mall
Speaking of Winterfest..do you have your tickets yet? Go to www.runninforrhett.org/Winterfest.
Whent to the Hollywood farmers market, great produce,great meat can't wait to use you guys Thanks so much for your hard work
hey hun....let me know if you are free Saturday after 3 to set something up.
If you done got it you got it stop pretending like u do
the willingness to do what is right, even if it goes against popular opinion. The next president must also have the decency.....
they called me in
RT Oh snap! just broke the news to the #mozinar crowd that we're launching social monitoring. The beta invite will open up soon!
Hope it's a great show!! RT“: Almost game time #bandpagehq #AUSTINROX ”
ESM Client, CB Ron Brooks shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
FOLLOWING!! long overdue! :)
I have a "friend" from Utah who's looking... Would that be weird? He's not a mormon and would prob stay at my place a lot...
Hansen continues to walk and pose for pictures in Barn 42. Union Rags is back in his stall.
The mind is a crazy thing.
It's never easy with the Joker.
.. will be shocked if doeboi dont be d.o'd for his 2marrow
Rez at Chez intact. Quite a crowd joining me, but you'll b missed :( details later
And the follower of the day award goes to ~> “: sounds great! looking forward to lots of great twitter conversations!”
I don't want to be your second prize but I take it anyways and wait until you find your first…
Are you wondering if I can dunk? Alas, I can't. Yes, close to 5'4".
FOLLOW ME BACK IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY :)
On Behalf of Houston's Attractions We send our Deepest Prayers and regards for the lost of your Uncle. May he RIP
if we get something at this point its gon be some west side shit. idk if its gon be worth it to go down there then back here
One more thing though.. If I were to say that I didn't still love her, I'd be lying.
- Thanks Ass ! QT : High And Lost Track Of Time . But Happy Birthday !
i think my "spidey senses" are tingling ;) lol
Why is my stomach feeling like this???
Devils advocate: would you see the value of the project if somebody had described it you without mentioning the G word?
Playing baseball with Savanah, Christian, Angelica, Joey, Mitchell, Melissa, LeRoy!! Hopefully i don't get a sunburn.:(
I agree. She will make money on this. Good question, this is going to be a lot like the OJ verdict, but w/o the civil issues.
thanks for the follow! We hope to see you soon!
who wants to go out in
Anyone have a recommendation for ballroom dance lessons in the DC/MD/NoVA area?
Michigan, eh? Whereabouts? I'm bopping back and forth between A2 and Detroit.
And I so appreciate it! <3
Naptime. " : Forgot my travel mug full of coffee in my car cup-holder. Absolutely heartbreaking."
Just watched the 30 for 30 on SMU Football. SMU definitely was The U before the U.
I'm doing well...just started a new job. Are you coming to NOLA for the holidays this year?
- Hi WoB- thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
is preparing to register securities in the great State of New York. Many thanks !!!
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Madame CURIE
I found the same company listed under 3 different names on my credit report. The correction gave my credit score a huge boost.
I love your music!!!
Is there anything that doesn't need cake? I really don't think so.
when are you broadcasting ?
I am so tired! Glad to be home!!
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends. - Herbert Hoover
Mission Critical: How Translation-Focused Disease Foundations May Save Medical ... - The Atlantic
Let's Co-Op Tonight! I'll be on around 7 for a couple hours.
Lol xD My mom wasn't to happy when she found it in her bed…That was the first and final ball python I had xD
sounds good. I can do any day but Thur and maybe not Wed. Let me know if any other day works.
Sorry for the late notice, but our phones will be closed this afternoon from 4-5pm ET for some team-building. Reg hrs resume tomorrow.
teapot dome: 2 federal oil reserves used 4 navy were handed off 2 Falls dept. later found he took bribes & sold the lands 2 private owners.
That way they are not caught off guard by any surprises! The best part is that it's free, Low Cost and Smiling clients :)
Just explained twitter philosophy to potential client. Twitter = listening tool.
God gave me you for the ups and downs. God gave me you for the days of doubt. - Dave Barnes.
Live at TD Garden.
i seriously think i keep that place open single handedly - theres one on campus and right across from my apartment =/
following back =)
where is my little Quinta. We missed you last night.
YES parents not here :D
thanks for a great Balboa Park Commons Advisory Committee call today with
RT Ay but for real burger king breakfast better than McDonald's • negative!
#school #libraries and #librarians not represented either at #ESEA! Good schools need good libraries!
YES I DO !
why isn't intoxication permanent
Thanks for the follow. I believe you also followed today as well. We are one in the same! Love NY.
hope you help us! Not trying to spam you! Just needing all the help we can get to make ' dream come true! :D
Beez in the trap
brilliant redundancy with great sponsors. I hope Ralph Nader loves his Merrell's
To prevent injury, it is important for your child to warm up before exercising. This should include about five minutes of light activity.
theres a new Shoneys(year old) on Taylorsville Rd, very sharp. Comparable to a remodel.
RT : There is a sometimes fine line between crowd funding and pre-ordering.
can be such a meanie head sometimes. :(
Skeels you're going to murder me tomorrow with this test
I love your blog! I'm a fan! :)
Saturday drink special, the "Luv Potion" $6.00, served all day until 11 pm - Peach Ciroc w/ Pomegranate Cranberry Juice
To many people at my house.
"I'm breaking through, i'm bending spoons, i'm keeping flowers in full bloom, i'm looking for answers from the great beyond." R.E.M
lol, Heebie, you're the best.
i know!! I freaked out!
Welp...Youk it's been a pleasure. Middlebrooks is taking your job.
LOVE!! where did you get it?! i may need to copy....
Doin Videos in the mornin during #PopHour at Soul Asylum Studios!..
I'm sorry about that, George. I'll drop a sternly-worded email...
A1: If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete. Jack Welch
Wow #mubb is lookin good tonight....
No need to worry folks! As far as I can tell, Sharon, Lois, AND Bram are still alive.
I HATE #boxing snobs
Yep. You? Then praying it does not rain so I can drink some beverages and go on a boat ride.
RT : It has been almost 10 hours since I trashed PassivHaus.. Tick..tick..tick < ruuunnnnn !
Know your FM transmitter | articleshub6.in
was the scope question Q3 or Q2?
if it isn't much trouble, I'd like to get that recipe at some point.
make sure to make plans robe there all the 352 artist go be there
Happy Friday friends! Cheers to a great 1st week of 2012! I hope everyone has a great day!
Damn VIP? What do you get if you buy VIP?
If doesn't visit and Tavern, it'd be a goddamn shame.
I think his Coachella performance might have started the 2pacalypse in Spokane.
Like a lemon to a lime - a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women
It gets weirder and weirder every day I swear... And YES THERE'S A CHEESECAKE FACTORY. In New York. 😉
about to buy something and realized I didn't get my $5 off coupon for signing up months ago...what's up with that?!
I couldn't be more excited for this!! THK YOU for hosting this!!!
They Say I can Eat A Pussy better Than A Chick Due To There Experience I've never had a complaint Anyway.
what? nice!
Got my first question of the night after 2 hours on the ref desk. Of course it came as soon as I started eating my sandwich.
at the garden gates! Fantastic!
the children of sewickley need some #theatretime with and me
"I wanna get married, now!" "I have gym!" Hah(: I love Glee!(:
because uncle wes is being a meanie and said I need a real job.
"Only God Forgives" strg Ryan Gosling- A Bangkok lieutenant and a gangster settle their differences in a Thai-boxing match. My kind of movie
+1 “: No question RT : Fishing Without Nets for documentary of the year.”
"I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian."
Spend some time just thinking... Where did that get me? High, more drinking.
RT : You can change your Facebook language to Pirate as well as Upside Down.
that's one of my favoritest quotes, it's up on my wall :)
QB Philip Rivers just went for $18.00 - a steal - $200 budget.
everyone dances better with alcohol. Recommend alcohol by brad paisley
everybody does! You're welcome man!
Le Practice de Band....
finally... that's been on my timeline for like a week now!
Awesome catch.
All dressed up and no place to go. :) I hate it when people cancel plan at the last minute...
can you message me? sorry my dm wont let me send anything new for some reason
Definitely! Swing by and "test play" them sometime! Look forward to seeing you! :)
What a blessing that is.
were here! Behind home plate. Come say HI!
Tonight I'm going to sleep with a smile even tho today was one of my worst days,,,
Viewer puts raw video of the moments after the Kenosha house explosion on wisn.com click on the story and go down to comments
by an act of generosity i find myself with a ticket to the opera tonite...kinda like the idea of going solo to an Italian tragedy at the Met
Do you like energy savings? Do you like easy, efficient home improvements? Well, "like" me on facebook, I can help! www.facebook.com/mkeme2
IM ON MY WAY TO THE SOCIAL! IM SO EXCITED I LOOK EXACTLY LIKE DAHVIE! IM SO PROUD. I CAN'T WAIT. I LOVE U! HOPE TO MEET U AGAIN!
Congratulations to the winners of our Cancun trip - Jessie Anderson & Chris Vohs! During the Alice Radio promotion with Slacker & Steve,...
nothing don't take that in a mean way
HA. I just lol'ed. We'll be drinking for life.
GAHH .! I'm Excited . I WANNA KNOW WHAT IT IS :DD
Ooh...in that marchup, I don't know which philanderer I'd take.
Bouta go on a gas station run
LOL, was just thinking the same thing.
there are no UP's in the SF Apple Store, the employees have no idea what I'm asking about.
I went to school in TX; it was taught in 9th grade biology. : Perry says Texas schools teach creationism. False. bit.ly/rtwPYW"
HOT NEW DIAMOND TEES FRESH OUT THA BOX TODAY! COME GET YOURS !!!
It's a wonderful yet extremely busy day here at TeamQ,between learning about the new short sale procedures to client meetings we are packed!
Oh, you put $4000 dollars rims on your 1998 hide civic? Cool. That's like Betty White going out to get her tits done.
Knowing we're surprised he didn't bring the ice cream with him to the taping.
Landry Fields is no longer a shooting guard. He is now a dunking guard
RT : Check out how I incorporated my very summery sunnies into my outfit on today's blog post...
all again for you, august is over, the entire smile kid album.....
Oh, a stabbing in my neighborhood? Once again I stay at my pied a terre with
ctfu u ah fool # tease also
Steak and shrimp marinating...dang,we eat good...
Morning downpour in DC = clusterf**k Monday morning commute. DC drivers are the worst. It's RAIN, you stupid shits.
Lessons learned: the big winner in the USA v Brazil match? The ref! USA win takes her off the hook for her terrible incompetence!
Having variously designed, directed, produced site-specific performance struck by 2 categories of issues: logistical and aesthetic
This dope.": One day can have a such a impact on somebody's life.. one day can ruin your life, one day can make your life.."
fairy lights!! how do I go about that?!
"Just what we need; another Amy who is down with the get down." #partytrain I miss ur face can't wait for tonight
Being good at what you do won't matter much down the road if what you are doing isn't what you want...don't sell your birthright!
Happy 100th Birthday, #Oreo!!
ha! RT : A4: Seeing the drunks walking from Wrigley Field to the bars on Clark St. You can laugh multiple times a week!
why are you sad??
Just announced the contest!
you would probably beat me right now. I can likely only do one two combos. Hahaha
back!! -smiles-
So I noticed haha but that's a good thing. It sure beats being in a bad mood, eh? ;)
#Spinners hold a 4-3 lead aft 1st qtr. Philly still committing too many turnovers
S/o to for tackling the tough stories. Great read about blasphemy of the Holy Spirit on the site.
he told us a few months back that not one of the 2012 guys would have started in 1996. A good and interesting interview.
and now I'm crying inside... just helped a customer looking for shelter for his infant son & wife.
I told her, do #ThatThingILike and she fuckin did it!!!!!
Don't no what ur destiny will B, but ths I no-the only 1's among u will B really happy R those who will have sought & found how 2 serve!
i may need to attend this ;-))
RT : Must listen to this show online, to hear words "Seafood Hash Knish" spoken.
In a pissy ass mood.
Follow me ? (: kisses
Thanks for the follow Maura!
Im glad your not my problem anymore so that other nigga can deal with your shit.. Happy being single no drama from a dumb as broad!
I am following you.
re preppiest colleges, I love that 3 out of 5 are from good ol Virginia
": We all make mistakes, but they don't define you. What defines you is learning from the mistakes you make."
how'd u know lol
praying for Mr. Colson!!
are you offering? :scheme:
If i dont eat wendys soon i might hulk out
I wish my mom would ever wake me up to log into FB. I'll take her laptop and iPhone privileges away from her.
DMX rough riders rapped better than p swift and they were doing it as a joke.
Naa im good(: ": If you wanna be my best friend come to The gym with me and rebound :)"
Oh my god Seabsyyyyyy!!!!
#blocSTAR RT : Didn't want to work out. Did it anyway.
Followed, love ya 2 ;)
Seriously? They are totally worth it. And if you guys would really do it, i'll tell my friend the ticket was bought.
Watching on #TheView. He just called #DOMA the "Defense Against Marriage Act" again. Not just a slip?
I have to admit, I like the new Korn with all the dub step flavor. The skrillex songs are slammin. Best stuff they have done in a long time.
it's super sweet... Tyrian is the shit!
I hope you feel better
Cranking up to write an article on pet insurance, counting my reasons to be thankful and wishing everyone a great Thanksgiving.
Grace = God’s unmerited favor, undeserved kindness, approval, acceptance and favor towards us all because of the merit of Jesus Christ.
last night was too much fun!
How can we help you in your Marketing endeavors? Call us today to schedule a complimentary consultation! 502.742.4929
I will do no such things. Lmao hopping in the bed right now. Look at Chelin hogging up the bed tho UGH
Even if I had millions reasons to leave, I'd still look for that one reason to stay.
Proper running mechanics is the key to injury-free running. Book rec: Chi Running & free clinic on Sun DeAnza Cove
I've finally figured out why so many women have dreams but rarely take action!
We need to learn to score in the run of play.
The music CDs have moved! Everything fun lives in Open Book and CDs have joined the party. Get your tunes in Room 1250 from now on.
Mailing the Season's Greetings from Chillycago cards from to family today. They are adorable!
lmfao wat kind of person do u think I am..
Soups o9f the Day: tortellini bro do...Greek Lemon Chicken...Split Pea with Ham...ravioli Florentine...Chicken Pastina...Minestrone!!
There are only 2 ways to get everything you want... Work really hard OR desire less.
I dont get a bad case of disappointment anymore, just
Try not to say," You Know" today.
Red sox game
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the infinite.-Francis Bacon
Except when it comes to the Packers, and then it's definitely us vs them. Today is a sad day in cheese town.
i'm excited to hear abt ur progress! yep is pretty cool, ain't it?? :) glad all is good. keep me posted!
We love our #tweethearts. enter 2 win 2 free meals by RT I heart green salad peppers on my salad at
Wow great capture page Loving mlm
ill get u
Darn it. Buckle on my collar broke. And my buckle guy moved. Anybody know a good buckle guy in Chicago?
Susan B. Anthony, take the wheel.
I tried playing the Blame Game but I kept losing because of reasons out of my control.
hey Kim from Milwaukee, WI. Just wondering if are going to be staring in any movies soon?
You are very welcome!
You have to make your investors believe that you know the techniques of starting and running your own record label
#thehungergames with the family....FINALLY!
LAKESHOW BABY LETS GO... S/O TO THE BIG HOMIE D FISH THO... CHEA...
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
who are you drew brees? RT: : Sorry for all the Nyquill Tweets
everyday im tumbling. lololol. .
SCREW SCHOOL
I just saw the Oscar Meyer Weiner truck!!!
Oh, yeah! And greetings from the public library....
why you always so selfish .
I hate him. Although it did help my fantasy team
Knuckleheads on Friday !!! Brewskis on Saturday !!!
fine, be that way.
i am going to drink micheladas tonight. i am stoked.
If this is someone you know, then you may be on the receiving end of a proposal or proposition from this man or women
Getting a run in while the rain is taking a short break!
follow me baby C:
82% spike in paid downloads from BBAW when ATT Carrier Billing was integrated
im down
durr? That might be the greatest comeback ever.
Made it to chicago for #neara11 and now we are going to #tasteofchicago for some food!
Dig that hole girl.
#Angels !!!!! Tomorrow is the day I became an #Angel !!!! 1year #Angel !! But I've always been an angel !! <3 love ya ! Y'all !
to little, to late!
what r they?
"He himself was not the light; he came only as a witness to the light."John 1:8. We're here as witnesses to point to Christ, the true Light.
Doc Friday: Exit Through the Gift Shop and Being Elmo. Inspiring me to pursue my dreams even more!
Nijas are very nitpicky. Surprised you didnt know that.
feel free 2 come over here if he want, have a lil nite cap with a brother, ill give him a nite, he aint never gonna forget lol
I agree it would be a massacre. Dan Morgan, Edward Reed & Co. would dominate #01Canes ##greatestteamever!
I�d rather fall by myself than let you drag me down
i LOVE my beats. They're amazing. I've only been Producing for about 10 1/2 months and I feel like a pro lol
I don't see any "I'm live @ _ _ _ " for this morning.
and by hot chicks i mean the female gender.
I love you.
WHAT THE FUCK I'M NOT SURE IF I WANTED TO KNOW THAT. I'm slightly terrified
Does anybody know of a good way to save live css changes made in Firebug????
Someone check to make sure is not trying to drown himself in the river
Got an apartment today!!!
hahah omg nice gurl it was the best night ever right??
Can't wait to see this layered. Gorgeous!
SatansParakeet: Dislike information professional as a replacement name for librarian, but don't really have a better suggestion.
i should smack u 4 callin me a bumb...
" I love me some Him "
Bacon sundaes currently being tested on the menu at Burger Kings in Nashville.. Hit or miss?
yes I would be here
Have they come up with a cure for jungle fever?
friend: i miss my boyfriend me: so do i friend: he calls me princess me: he calls me fan -Oh !(:
thanks for the #follow. looking forward to your tweets!
Selling out again for #PlayItAgainSam !
Ya nigga wanna fuck me...=D I think we're gonna!!!! #WellDamnGucci lol
Improv 4 Kids MATINEE performance TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Join us for some funny improv comedy!
Wish she would text me idk what i did....
3/3: "...& only from a dream can u wake to the light" -Tibetan Book of the Dead via #MadMen LSD trip
Hi ! I'd love to hear more about the highly anticipated gift guide. Feel free to DM or email me. Thanks!
GOT TICKETS FOR IN HERSHEY YES!
Our distributed crawling tripped some alarms, even though it didn't hurt the site. They put us in robots since it was easiest.
have a gorgeous day. :)
HEY HEY HEY TRUE BIEBS FANS ! FOLLOW ! shes so awesome , is following her . lucky . wish he was following us ):
we made it back to the gate in time. All is well! Thank you!
Thanks Sharon - we're excited!
I have an EXCLUSVE C# Developer/SQL backend perm spot in Cherry Hill, NJ. Did I mentioned it was exclusive? #perm #nj #in #C#
No Chris at 7-11, today. I also just have to work, one more night. Then I'm off for four days, I will be enjoy that. Later!!
Tonight starts the LBT Takeover-Mardi Gras Edition at Le Bon Temps Roule. You know how it goes down when B-A-H takes over...get in there!!
it's not my birthday. It's next week.
my mommy got me new running shorts 😄
I really don't like any teachers at my school whatsoever. They're all assholes
Heading to the Geist reservoir area to get in on some nice lake-front home squatting opportunities during the rapture.
Cooking parsnips for dinner. It's a revolution!
BOPPIN STRAWBERRY JUICBOX , hell yeah , im too down this saturday night lol .
Shabazz Muhammad will not decided till the Spring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My pleasure! I hope that the event is a huge success!
So there are 5 kids in a family..one is gay.. what did the parents do "wrong" with the gay child & "correct" w/oth?
Was he referring to the impact his presidency will have on the U.S.? ? ? ?
Whoever goes, take mental notes for me. Really.
because they aren't Oregonians. U look delicious. Need a fedex dude in your life. Right here in PDX!!!!
Can't wait for College Hoops
PubMed on Tap is ok, but I prefer using the regular PubMed on my iPad. Which do you like better?
i know, but im sure ill see you again :)
And then you wake up...“: Griffin wants to play for the Rockets next season..”
John Riley:"I can attest that my experience at Lynchburg College has been an life-changing one; I was urged to go Above and Beyond."
Cant wait to get off work and enjoy this weather with .. Anyone have any suggestions on what to do?
it means just do. it. live. go with it babyboo. YOUGOTIT
Ok. It's official. I'm tired of eating Cosi salads. There's only so many Signature Salads a guy can stomach.
Think I'm gonna get out the house tonight. Hm maybe Ill hit Frequency, whos in Think it may be one of those nights!
yo! ASAP! I gotta hit Vegas in February , Utah in march, so more than likely, in march... Gives me time to make appointments.
Funyons and donuts.
Starters being introduced for the All-Star Game. This process could go a bit faster.
gotta moodle tonite. Would rather eat sand.
We are down Inner Harbor with alot of awesome food trucks ! Check us out and enjoy the festivities great food and Miss Twist Ice Cream !
followed! I hope your mom will give you the ticket regardless
I couldn't find my credit card, I called it in lost about 4 hours ago, I just found the card 20 mins ago - just my luck lol
getting ready to go to tempe market place......
Can't connect to shared drive. I'll take it as a sign it's time to go home.
I'm gon 2 write on all da bricks I MISS U and i wish dat 1 falls on ur head,so dat u knows how it hurts when u miss someone special like u.
Annoying when someone doesn't believe I have ADHD like they're some kind of omg I LOVE this song! GET OFF THE ROAD MORON hey its a half moon
We really are! :o
That sounds like such a fun event!
I have read Brave New World, though only once and not for a long time. I need to read it again!
Love that you noticed that.
RT 3 teams are tied atop the Mountain West this week.. who's going to win it all? #mwbb>>
Perusing #craigslist for tickets to next Sunday's game against MN. Sellers are f-ing nuts if they think they're going to get face value.
“we are looking beyond pure military might as the solution to every deterrence problem”
: I hope to hear from you soon! I lost my phone, but we can Skype. Miss ya and I hope all is well.
A1 Ideal metrics per MASB are relevant, predictive, objective, calibrated, reliable, sensitive, simple, casual, transprnt & QLTYbased
that's funny.
Hieber’s compounds Kligman’s Formula to treat AGE SPOTS and MELASMA. It works! Call 412-681-6400 today!
Goin to New Orleans tomorrow night..Yerp !
Feel likes everyone is applying for a job but me?
It is fun to see how a restaurant should not be run
plenty, lol though not me. The most famous i have ever met was Dennis Washington
Im overr it doe
thanks for listening to presentation!
Why Isn't Dirk Demol wearing shoes?
I'm thinking about getting this loft
omg YES!! chicken parm calzone for dinner!
Are you using social networking to find your next job? Give it a try, start with Linked #in - get your #professional profile started today!
Today my kids were "tweeting" at the birds outside and all I could think about was how "tweeting it"
Oh my, these errors are killing them. What does Zimm have to do? Commentators say he's unflappable. Accurate. And patient!
My coworker just took my picture without me realizing it until he walked away. Whats the opposite of a photobomb?
heath slater is so hot
RT : What other government program can assure full benefits decades into the future?
Shea Butter Scrub is a blend of super moisturizing organic shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane.
Black folks always be the loudest at a graduation. Lol
...and yes, christmas ale is being served tonight
LUNCH DATE! RT : Are you & Batman in Oakland today?! Eat franks! Truck off 5th Av, Uni Pl - Soldiers & Sailors parking lot 11-2.
I love baby mama I'm so proud of you... can't call you a hoodrat no more lol
super. I have a session until 6:15. Is that cool?
I might just wear orthopaedic nursey shoes..;-)
you're welcome!
please tweet back and if your crying im srry i just love you so much please follow me love you bye bye :[
is picking me up on his motorcycle tomorrow .... #imightdie #i'llprobablypee
Paul is for separation of powers. Why doesn't that get a bigger clap?
so lucky! I'm so jelly!
Thanks chica. I'm not familiar with the HAPP-3?
Thanks for the follow. Saw a presentation relating to your company a while back. Very intriguing!
go follow
Public Enemy...wait for the rental!
What happened to Ruby RT “: Ruby wont run forever :(”
I miss you!
must begin tweeting again.
We *will* bcast a live one. More deets to come.
RT : A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.~ Richard Branson
there's gonna be some big people here and alot of protesters. Chicago is going crazy. Could be really bad
Hope everyone is safe from the #tsunami here in #hawaii. All my good luck goes out to those in #japan!
On my way to meet with a buyer for a store. Interested in having SheaMoí Naturelle™ jewelry in their store!
Just finished filling out and organizing everything for PRSSA National dues... it took forever as usual! Glad I got it done 2 weeks early!
I'm David Hasselhoff :)!
RT : talked to me on fb. My life is complete.
Haha. You're a fool D.
Excited to be learning more about impact investing from J.P. Morgan, Osaka Capital, Hotfrog, and Armonia.
Someone should remind Ron Paul that those anti age discrimination laws came into effect at a FEDERAL level..
It is a decent sized project, but almost done now! Good luck with writing weekend! Nail it!
congrats on that - it looks sick!
There's a cop every 50ft or so in Alamance County.. There's my PSA for the day.
I aint saying that she dont love you, but i dont think she love you like i do.
i cant make you love me, but im sure somebody else wouldnt have a problem doin it
I finished reading a book today...that makes me a super smart.
Thanks for putting up with us this weekend. Rascal Flatts and Illegal Pete's got the best of me. P.S. Still love your mustache comb.
One of the guys in my department phoned at 11:30 on a Tuesday to explain why he hadn't come into work that week: " I went to a party on S...
cocktail server. Training is boring.
Working out the mythology of my novel. Yes, I know I don't have to go all full-on Tolkien. But as this is obvsly gonna take me a lifetime...
yes I have Asian powers
I love MLB baseball but agree... regular season is way too freaking long
killin it at sports right now. Lace up.
Looking for a fundraiser for your school organization? Contact us about selling biscuits at your school.
I got it from Netflix
my grandma tried to teach me when i was younger and it wasnt a success, maybe now im older and wiser.
Oh yeah and if you guys have any questions about The After Party, feel free to ask and I'll do my best to answer! (:
haha thanks!!! you should deff make one!
That was over ten years ago and I'm willing to bet that that graffiti is still there.
good luck :)
Looking for tv/movie clips to target basic social cognition with bright 8 year old #emergingsocialcommunicator. #slpeeps #PreSLP any ideas?
I made cornbread and beans for dinner. liked the cornbread, doesn't get the appeal of beans only.
cool have fun
Can't decide who I want to win on #SuperTuesday I think Romney has the edge tho..
the wind-wow, imagine where those strong gusts were before reaching my window
Ugh my throat hurts!
Dinner is ready now I can relax until later xoxo
Happy Nw Year Darwin
Door knocking in Summerlin today it should be warm and sunny with a chance of meatballs!!!
> We are now serving Gluten free beer for 21 and over =)
Wedding Time at #BaliHai. Gorgeous day! And we get to work with our friend !
Desire 4 control\RT : Non-Muslim But Burqa-Wearing 9-11 Gitmo Trial Lawyer Demands All Women Wear Burqas In Court...
Today is gonna be QUIZ. EXAM. REVIEW. EXAM.
ohh I get it, because your bday is saturday!! What are you going to do for it? Better not be working -_-
I just feel like everything should be glow in the dark
Thanks to , and for the follow... and have a great week!
Bing UI Changes Harken Back to Google of Old - Marketing Pilgrim
knew this. " The least successful Harry Potter movie earned $90 million more than most successful Twilight movie."
#WhenAustin sold out his first concert in under 48 hours <3
#KingFamily We're not going until 11:30. In the gym!!
You can now easily import Twitter friends, so ppl flwg u on Twitter are adding u to their Friendfeed
Hello twitter....
send me it and the rules!
Meetinghouse is pleased to announce its affilation with Rock the Green The Midwest's Near-Zero Waste Music Festival
where ya goin'?
Thanks all, I'm set on video for now.
RT : anyone do WP design and want to help me? :)
Hey Hannah, thanks for the follow!
#ImSingleBecause I don't mind being single, unlike some people.
email to set up a date ad time
Gonna be a good weekend in the ville
Ima be me, you be you.
"Why are you so obsessed with One Direction?!" "140 characters is not enough to answer that correctly."
It wasn't cheating, I just misread the word so there wasn't even a fair chance!
justin the song that you sing all I want for Christmas is you. That song is awesome you should do that more.
Changing up the avatar after who knows how long. Love that kid's smile.
Enjoying every second of not playing a spring sport
Looking to my PLN for resources on Webb's Depth of Knowledge.
oh, you're within stumbling distance of my house! please let me know if you find any decent cocktails around here.
Please don't take me to any more Great Lakes then force Journey and Abba songs on me.
Maybe a Heyman appearance, but besides that, I've got nothing.
haters cant't see me , nose bleed seats
i dont understand why its taking you so long. Its so good.
o i get that one every day of my life "YOU'RE NOT GETTING INTO COLLEGE OR A JOB IF YOU KEEP BREATHING" osorry
Just Kidding Hey :p
I hear main entrance gets mobbed around 7ish. Also, don't go against the flow of traffic :)
Hi Danielle picked up another one. Yeah just when the resids off my other commercial was running out yes
Getting things done involves a lot of organization, and being faithful to one’s goals and routines
It is a hot mess!!!
GUYS ITS NOT MY FAULT OKAY OMG I JUST ANSWERED THEM SAYING ENGLAND OKAY. DONT JUDGE ME
so many new followers! Thanks for following!
Line dancing with old people? #Swag It was straight out hardcore.
you sure know how to kill me
Can we be done with class?
Sleeping With Sirens❤🎧
have a safe flight
That is so, so true! :)
some friends suggested I try asking here my com can't upload the fyrinnae site no matter what broswer used. Could it be my IP?
This. ": She's not a slut, she hangs out with guys to stay away from bitches who talk shit and start drama."
YouTube. Creating an account was just too tremendously unbelievably stoopidly difficult. And I HATE captchas! Trying Vimeo instead.
Agreed! #Bulls >
don't mock soccer. It's one of the worlds toughest sports to go pro u need a lot of skill. Not hating on hockey But dont hate futbol
right now i am tired...
Nope. Just read a lot about them over the last few years. Don't get bitten!
unfortunately, that means I left before the LARS had its public dispute with Beckham.
A2: aging population= ^healthcare industry$=healthcare industry investing in museum programming?
My friend is a good dancer and he's a guy and when he danced , this guy is like " you dance like a girl!"
"Any moment of the day, you are not promised life. But during this life, you are promised to make changes." -#TLT Kiara Daniels
Some weeks you bust it more than others. CNBC, Forbes, WSJ Marketwatch, Meet the Press among others. Hoping clients are taking notice :-)
Never knew I could be so mean,but that's just how far you pushed me...
WHY AM I SO FUNNY? #loljk but that makes me LOL
Other games that look very good for Wednesday in College Hoops are Colorado St -4 (8 PM PST), Georgia -3 going off in 2 minutes.
"Be ready to roll at 3..." and coach is no where to be found
Almost the three day weekend! Looking forward to it :-)
no kidding!
pretty much!
Thanks to fan support, we are up to #13 on the blues charts for LA/OC. Our shows are becoming more frequent and we look forward to...
HEEEEEEYYYYYYY u remember me from myspace? we used to talk al the time! i missed you(:
win the game tonight with a score of 6-13.
I found another camera that has pictures of Holden on it. Haha
A1 Also, you have store brands in the competition now and their brands have greatly improved
Chief Noble Wray just walked down Mifflin, which is amazingly, still open. However I have not seen a non police car attempt
Student - "Mr. West where's your glasses?" Mr. West - "Up yo butt, you know it" LMFAO
Furthermore, since I was not offered courses to teach next semester, no contract, financing this operation has taken on an ashen hue.
and the large banner of you he has sewn on his back.
It's getting close to playoff time for NBA. Good to see some surprising teams in the running this year. Who'd gonna win it all though?
hahaha thats all you care about,... and Showtimee Is Following Me... Aha Awesome and Yeah
Why is that the past always has a way of finding you?
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe adults who have ring backs...do you think you're in highschool? #GrowUp!
Southern Texas rock and country! The Jobe Wilson Band! goo.gl/W08J39
thanks Ben. So glad you're enjoying it. It was an unbelievable experience to make.
I'm sorry babe!
haha. She seemed so taken off guard when I asked her.
I like you!
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult
The end the first period with a 1-0 lead over the Bearcats.
I wish, when someone tells me I'm pretty I can believe them...
Do you like ?💗 They come out in #AmericasBestDanceCrew 💗🎀❤😄 I love you💗Do you like reading books?💗
Seriously in this day & age if you can't open word docs you have no business leading a Board.
Happy Birthday to my sister
thanks for mentioning us!
Melissa, I left you a present at your store!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're enjoying your day! Looks like the sun is poking its head out!
Yeah, right. I'd fall asleep behind the wheel.
so each person has there own morales and values throughout their culture making several cultures within one
Moving My Room To The Basement :D I'm So Excited!! It's So Much Work Though! I'm Exhausted
B content with what you have,rejoice in the way things are.When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.-Lao Tzu
ONGOING: Dances from Trinidad, French aerialists & much more! See an intl mix of performances only at UniverSoul Circus....
Alert: Emotional mess in the Weather Center for the next hour! Reading/Judging the 50 Best Moms in SD essay contest right now.
I want m hair braided....i cant take dis shit nomo...its 2 hot 4 long hair...
preach on holmes
not if they just extraordinary rendition the guy to Kabul or someplace. "Well those bomb threats just stopped, whaddaya know"
you dont even understand how excited we are to hear it!!!!
If I had a gun... I'd just have a gun
Many thanks! RT #FF all star cast
She's so good. I love the vintage feel! Where have you been pretty lady? Haven't seen you in forever!
I really really want to be in LA right now.
“: and are so adorable when they dance together(:” awwwwahhh
Follow Me Please!? 64
Up early saturday skool den gotta hit da road for my game today
Where the Cougars AT?!?!?! The cubs are linin' up! Ladies 40+ FREE Guyts 21-30 FREE! See you tonight!
I am terrified just thinking about what the "perk" would be for that.
Yeh, I'll get on your jet ski with you!
Live Twitterview this afternoon at 3:30 pm (ET) with one of my favorite LB prospects Be there and bring your questions.
Romney and Perry bickering like old couple
did he say something to you today ?
oh my gosh! That's crazy
Sneaking into 's NYC concert because YOLO.
"AM Radio is still a viable media.... Did anyone hear that?"
Eww school is gay. The teacher says were watching a movie and then tells us were reading moby dick. Well isay mm no bye dick
Its nice when you send an email to a biz contact from years ago & they respond "of course I remember you." Makes me feel warm & fuzzy inside
if you have any questions about any smog check ups or any concerns about your vehicle gives a shout and we will help you as much as we can
that dog reminds me of your performance at f8 last year
Sorry I never responded! I had a great time & met w/ the director of Kigali SOS. The property was GORGEOUS!
Today is officially "Name Yourself" Day. What would you change your name to?
funny when u look in the mirror u still cant c urself clearer or fight life cuz ur still not inferior.
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind. -Aristotle
nah, I do that in the Jacuzzi
listening in the Yount lot...how bout some love for Carlos!?!
I need some #naturalhair deep conditioning advice. What do folks use that they absolutely love?
We have REACHED our goal on Indie Go Go! Thank you for everyone's generosity. If you would still like to donate, we can do even more!
We're very excited to be apart of the diverse community at ! Thank you all for being so supportive during our transition!
But whatever idea was forming in his mind, was dissipated. so fuckem
I don't care if he's 2521 miles away. He's still mine. Back off ladies. (;
The opening for early afternoon posted this morning has been filled. We now have no openings for today & Friday.
How degrading!! They gave birth weeks apart
Lurking sounds like stalking.... lol but I get what youa re saying
Dear Robin Yount: Don't you dare join Sveum in Chicago as his bench coach. Signed, Brett Favre's Legacy.
Lowkey miss my friend
Awesome blog Dawn, Glad you posted all of the various Autism Charities, which shows you are supportive of all. "To ea. His own
What’s your favorite song from “Throwin’ Down”?
At with drinking cheap burbon barrel stout.
In every cinema, there's always that awkward couple kissing in the corner and I'm just there like "uhm.. i like my popcorn."
' son met his wife thanks to #nationalservice Another #loveservice story!
my SC is soundcloud.com/spotlightz I'm not that good. And my criminal mix is my 1st house mix lol.
"blunch: it's when you miss breakfast and eat close to lunch."-says 5 yr old Jade this morning ;)
Good riddance to SOPA...
I also met with a publisher today about my first book!
HA. its okay karo your just indenile at the moment evvverrry guy wants to be Alex
That moment when u think u helpin somebody and they really jus tryin to leech off ur blessins
Chinese food...in Spanish.
Yeah! Do what says #Sweethearts!
But surely your fans can understand Anne Burrell's hair? #WorstCooks as
Got a text that starts: "To Ruben..te sacas el dedo..." Thing is, I know I've used the term before myself but what does it mean? LOL!
96% of the time, i have the dirtiest mind.
the old guard get stuck in their ways and are reluctant to recognize the power of new movements and trends. so they talk shit abt the youth.
finally he's coming! we have to meet up:)
Good luck #Padres!
and we out !
Thanks so much!
Obama in Austin to talk about immigration reform? ugh
I might have a teacher who would want to have a philosophy discussion.
Just augmented my cafe experience.
following everyone that tweets #FollowMeRomoTheCat (;
i followed
Actually this is pretty entertaining. Feed away.
My client Danielle is a superwoman! This morning she did lunges, squats, jumps, sprints, push ups and 36 dips straight! I'm so proud of her
Got my 1st parking ticket. I'd like to say FU to Seattle, FU to University village for making me park offsite, and FU to the Huskies.
I've just skimmed an article that supports my beliefs; now I'm re-posting it as fact!!!
Getting ready for skewl, feel so horrible ☹
hello, you can call Chris Sherman to discuss. Pewaukee location number is 262-695-0800.
Thinking about the good & the ugly in organizational #leadership! #inclusion #diversity Was thinking of the worst work environment I was in.
It is really tough to navigate now. Way too many little boxes of info.
the fact that random bands are following me and musicians makes me smile a lot. i feel accomplished.
My mom's face expression when I scared her
your welcome. How are you?
just ordered my 80s shirt online, I hope it arrives before may 2nd!!!
I have killed about 9856712337 zombies today
I don't have a type . If i like you , i like you.
Morning twitter! Got a nice day in the heat yesterday, I think I got a little tan!!!! Yes!!!!
oh i do too!
Jesus said, "I am the light of the world; whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but have the light of life." John 8:12
dude beside reading and writing what are you up to these days?
Wishing I were at the IA Summit. Not a fan of Phoenix after having lived there, but the past 2 Summits were good! Where will it be in 2011?
Hi new followers! :)
I forgot that I have officers hours that start at 8:30am tomorrow. I am exhausted because I worked tonight. =( =(
Good Result for the yellow today
": Wow! I'm at 82% on my MIBM Goal. " #awesome Gotta log all of my #weekendmiles !
Wow rame amat ne tempat,,in a rush to coming back solo
50% is a solid F. (you're in academia, right? grades n' stuff?)
It's a school. If you don't like loud, snotty, hyperactive kids, get a different job.
Getting grilled by
I was SUPER sad when Miami Medical was pulled, but not anymore, My Queen! You. Reign.SUPREME! I'm so in love w/#Once!
I don't 'eem smoke.
Tackled the backyard. I think I'm ggoing to paint my wooden bench a lush, happy color and write PEACE across it.
I thought it had to do with a hero's welcome from 12,737
I was nauseous and tingly all over... I was either in love or I had smallpox. ~ Woddy Allen
ah, gotcha. Well, good luck a week early! And hope they give you the good stuff!!
Zoe ate all the cat shit... One less job for ma.
Downloaded CATMA and started playing around with Ch. 1 of Autobiography of Ben Franklin. Fun.
Dear person who chose the location of my gym: I should slap you for putting it next to a pizza shop!
Weekly I hate school and want summer tweet
"YOU HATE ME" Why should you care WTF I do!
": I live all alone on your island, on your island " oh I like to see the. Pretty girls
I have to SSH into my work computer to SSH into our server to do work from home. No wonder I had no problem following Inception.
Not mine ;) Although, the Notebook in a few bold colors sounds interesting...
Shout out to my 500th follower :)))Thank you!
Real nigga shit my dude!!!! Allergic to the fake..... I fux witcha bro bro!!!!
just a bit weary of the poseurs who think slapping on a grunge or vignette filter turns their mediocre photo into "art".
#museweb Love the Amnesty Int'l add. Although, it does remind me of the pictures in Gryffindor.
That awkward moment when you hit your vag on a bathroom stall door.....................
oh ok thankz for answering I wuz just wond3ring:)
they didnt let her on the plane like she wasnt on it at all and they took a fuhken hr later to call my aunt and tell her/:<
Yeah... be strong.
A father never sleeps when the daughter is at prom!
HERE'S THIS WEEKS LINE UP pt 1: Banana Cream Pie Blood Orange Lemon Blueberry Bugs B Mocha Mel Apple Pie a la Noey Chocolate Explosion
Successfully finding ways to inspire you can sometimes be the difference between success and failure. " "
Thank you! Yep, he's an awesome kid. Grandson, though, not son. :)
I take hate on 1D so bad. I just wanna punch haters neck ×_×
(Broadway/Musical references are my favorite)
I don't have an official favorite NFL football team, but rooting against the Steelers at all times works pretty well, so easily hated
opinions are always a tricky business in a free speech environment and should be handled with care.
This great, love it! in other words don't lose focus
RT : I drink straight from the carton #Thuglife// welp!! Won't be drinking at your crib then! Lol
stop by for a panini. we are around the corner fro the Market
I received my order on time and I have to say it's amazing! The quality of the craftsmanship and materials used are tops!
Hahahahahaha that Bitch is so stupid!. Girls these days
and that , all WOMAN
so tired but i know better than to fall asleep first.
Depends on specific goal, right? RT : Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE! Cc
Strange Monday
I put that weed in the air and pass it now thats ally oopin..
Buying 21 Questions on iTunes<3
Father's day, is the most confusing day in the ghetto
Not the eyelashes! They get me every time.
great Mountain Jam show!!
Nerd. :) (Also, must find few minutes between saving the world Saturday to discuss soccer, as all sorts of things happening.)
We Been Bonding DUMB BITCH Lol Niggas Needa Think!
Loco for Locomotives: Model trains on display
I've got 5 treats down on Master of Hounds in the Derby. That means 150 treats when he wins!!!
We will probably start taking applications sometime around the beginning of next year. Check back then for more info!
Get em horse!
wish it was at Miller Park.
With Tapatio-flavored Doritos like these, who needs non-Tapatio-flavored Doritos?
Power out at HQ. says "I'm gonna go read something!" Me too!
Can't wait for the Voice!!!! Sing it!!!
lol there is a john also but he has red hair
Greenberg Traurig's Jaret Davis will discuss his work w/ the $1.4 billion Verizon acquisition of Terramark
You should just skip. The entire week.
You kill someone u needa die God
The Blazers should never draft a big man again. Aldridge is doing his thing tho.
Yay for Jenn coming home today!
I am so happy we pulled another fan in!
Yeah, that was a good year. #YankeeNation RT : #Yankees are 0-3 for the first time since 1998.
Calling someone a Hoarder is just a really nice way of saying "Hey, you collect a bunch of stuff that totally sucks."
your face, it's perfect.
what is the schedule/location for RESULTS this Saturday? planning calendar, thanks!
Yea! I'll swing by Treehouse tomm to get all the paperwork done before I go apartment hunting.
Perfection is not just about control. It's also about letting go. Surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience. Transcendence.
The older I get, the less I care about what others think of me. Therefore, the older I get, the more I enjoy life!!!
Cleaning up the kitchen & turning in for the night. Don't tell anyone but I mixed Cuban rum in with the strawberries. Whew.
you were the highlight of my week! Can't wait for your next NYC visit!
I only just finished watching MTP. My jaw dropped. Rachel handled him well; I wanted to throw a drink in his face.
Joyful performance today Avonova w/ Grant Levin, p., & (2nd gig with) Fred Randolph, b., & Akira Tana, d. Proud of self & my dancing Santa.
It's really hard to make a decision when you're too tired to hold on and too in love to let go..
RT : Given the success of the Tupac hologram I'm now considering going on the road with Bob Hope.
Just had a really enlightening yoga session! LOLJK! I'm drinking warm whiskey out of a water bottle designed for hamsters.
Are you on a bus?
hey jacob how are you :-) i need more followers any help is needed. Cool and thanks
Excellent job, Boys! 3 points!
Check your inbox yo.
hey boo ;)
Cinco de Mayo! Ole!
whats up man
I'm so hungry.
Time 4 the gym yeah Buddy
Great day, Social Media Universe! Are you ready to tackle one item of highest value today and ask for help? I support u!
John Elway, Coach Karl, the Rockies and Missy Franklin are all donating prized items to our auction. You don't want to miss this event!
Ah I'm soo fuckin mad rite now!!hollie leaving no!!ugly phillp should have left Ah!!!
Dammmnn its cold
Shout out to one of our favorite #NYC ppl, ! We're adding her Basement Bhangra to our FIT class tonight! 6 pm, 219 W. 19th St.
easing back into the work week... need to ease back into the riding routine too
Kinda excited to see wheezy
Congrats Re 'reading' your book! You'll do great! Excited for you!
I know, right?!?!? This guy had boxes full of awesome. I wanted them all.
thanks. How is Jimmy doing?
I want a book like a robin mckinley book but I've read and reread all of her books so someone tell me what to read.
People that make multiple brackets
says 77% of families use social media to keep in contact with deployed service members
It is now my intention to eat at yogato for 30 days straight.
-And Kiss Me Good Morning Too
Ha! You never know who you'll meet while waiting in line for the bathroom. Just chatted with Lori from !
We have school on my birthday this year. How disappointing.
And of course I sit here, a blubbering mess watching Crooklyn...
testing to see if u get this? Don't think I've tweeted u before (?) :) have a great day!
Alfredo wants Jerry. He thinks he is appetizing.
Ah Clifton's. There is no better atmosphere in town.
: haha, I get those all the time.
There are tickets listed on the Twins website for the home opener, but it's only loading SRO tix @$35/per. I think I'd rather stalk stubhub.
remember to have wispy hair!
Not everyday you see a giant purple catapiller and an ice cream sundae ride by you while you're pumping gas at the gas station. Hm...
what channel?
Meghan Calahan, thanks for having our back and helping to make our dreams come true!!!!!! Yr so rrrrrrrad!!!!!!!
I'm already following him
Just watched the 80's classic "3 o'clock High" on hulu. Loved it.
Thought I would ask anyway, thank for answering luv, also new to twetter, enjoy.
youtube hit me up with an invitation to "start earning revenue from my youtube videos." Word
Esodophobia is the fear of losing virginity
My ward of the day is: " ABSOLUTE FABULOUS " now who ever sees this by tomorrow say it 5 times in school kk love u guys
just east of Viterbo right?...wasn't there in 03
Band practice tomorrow (: go hardcore or go home.... We are going to do a poker face cover and hopefully play at the Pep assembly!
That's what I figured. Plus if I get off track or need to take it slow, it won't kill me :)
Thanks for the order! :) You should have your cards in time for your conf on the 5th
bitch i really dont care
This mixtape goin in right now
happy b-day! Zombies! What do we want? Brains! When do we want it? Brains!
Even rain doesn't stop us from cleaning
Mariano Rivera potentially going out like this just doesn't seem right. The greatest closer could have his career ended by...
You could follow to talk about Jesuits, Gerard Manley Hopkins, or ANY BEATLES SONG EVER. Also for pics of kittehs.
good morning (: & ive been ready for Tuesday <3 you ready?
that's why we have a can for them, after all.
I haven't heard from your people yet. :(
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
~ For some reason I have this song 'bout drivin' in my head, & it's stuck! ;)
Made the fastpitch softball , officially a high school athlete ! Aye
How do you feel about speed dating? Would you go to a speed dating event?
I just looked at the sched. You have a HORRIBLE time slot. Also, it will fill. They don't keep endless 402 wait lists for nothin!
A sentence without punctuation is like a wiener without a Prince Albert. Just, like, what's the point?
"shouts out to Jay-Z"
How far is San Diego from LA?
"YOUR 15" is trending worldwide instead of "YOU'RE 15" and that's why we haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
August 13, 1995 - Mickey Mantle dies of cancer at the age of 63.
stay safe and warm!
DM me :) I'll tell you how to get him to notice you.
Fun fun fun! thanks ! was awesome! it is now time for bed.
It looks like the NY Giants will be headed to Title Town next week.
My mind playing tricks on me
Good Morning! It's a crisp cool Fall day and it's so beautiful! Hope you are having a Fantastic week! Are you ready for Fall?
Don't forget the Mission Reach Phase 3 public meeting tonight at 6:30 at Connell Middle School (400 Hot Wells). See you there!
with ur LOVE :*
stay with the stale face
RT if you're pregnant and or old. I can't have no old pregnant bitches walkin' around here.
Thanks :D
aww I missed you too goose! Sorry I couldn't be there to occupy the emptiness of your day! haha jk jk
RT : Just noticed that a lot of people's phones autocorrect "stoked" to "Skokie," and find it completely fitting.
and in the end.. the love you take is equal to the love... you make...
The world would be a much calmer place if people would learn to think before they speak.
Ouchh, I have to be up by 8 :(
you do have the look and the talent :)
what's your favorite color baby?
I was trying to prevent myself from spending more time on the internet than I already do.
"Wimpole Street Writers: An Anthology" is now available to download on Kindle! More exciting news to follow soon...
Im Trying To Make Some Music That People Can Enjoy & Just Have A Good Time To & This Song Fits Perfectly. Cant Wait 2 Start Performing It
Currently we r only selling our album as mp3 the actual CDs are limited
Is it my imagination or does the moon appear to be, like 13% or even 14% bigger tonight?
Looking for a #ebook with taste? Download A-Town Veteran now.#Georgia #writers #authors .
there is absolutely NO requirement that the presidents parents be both citizens. That is ludicrous
I swear I thought he was an imposter until I saw the other guys following him.
Dear Ladies #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
If you haven't tried Currant's Fish Tacos on the Bar Menu you may want to try them...great on Friday Night!
needs sexy guys with tattoo's for AussieBum shoot on May 30th. Pay is $1,000 for the day. Email pics to if interested!
RT : be on da look out for this new track with me, & !! "Im On"
2012 Formula 1 Rankings After 4 Races: Fan's View - Yahoo! Sports
no prob. You were right.
awesome twin peaks tour I can never find those places
Only if my dreams were reality, my life would be successful.
im not actin like a girl. Get off my nuts
You are so beautiful..to me
if you really want to get crazy try a couple bowls of Count Chocula
I'll let him know you think so. He's also got a cannon for an arm, which pairs nicely with his massive, air-filled swings.
Im here
NFC North Champs baby, and it's good to see winning again.
GOOD LUCK BBY ;*
yaaaay:D &yup me too-__-
"Only those who can see the invisible can achieve the impossible." - Patrick Snow, Creating Your Own Destiny.
If churches are concerned with helping the poor, they'll be concerned with climate change, since the poor will be hardest hit.
Eh! I didnt know she was having a cookout...I go be deh live! Lol
Appreciate the article. But the PR damage is done. Mr. Selig would have helped. Did MU even ask him?
Just became a new fan of I'm in love <3. He's definitely gonna make it to the top! <21
This page is registered . I'm that good.
Yes! I will head up the campaign.
RT : OMG...got some SICK fucking tours to announce soon...SO SO FUCKING STOKED ;) we are fucking coming for you :D
LATE NITE HAPPY HOUR!! Watch the sunset over our beaches then join us 9pm-11pm Wed-Sat for 1/2 price draft beer-it doesn't get any better!!
happy New Year to you!
Embrace this paradox today: Be intense and positive. We don't have to go negative when we turn the pressure up.
Drop by the #mla12 DH poster session this afternoon to see a demo of the DiRT / integration.
I used one of your posts as an example in an NSF-sponsored workshop I taught recently. Thanks for your tweets.
the word: shemomedjamo. Memory eventually kicked in.
Do you know any startups that could use our services FREE for a year? We're looking for 14 more companies we can help! www.billingcamp.com
Cant wait to i can really shop..In dress back to normal
Grizz fans -- stop by after the game for Grizzly After Party. Grizz girls will be attending.
What food, farming or sustainability books are you reading? Share with
One final down, one more to go. Sweet sweet freedom, here i come!
Man. Rascal Flatts be playing with my heart strings, making me cry nd shit! Such a Sap :'(!
Getting on the #kobesystem. Over the top
Ah, Sori's 1st homer ties things up in the 9th inning :)
Our lunch is amazing at Crush! We have panini's, salads and 1/2 price sushi from noon-6pm!
CHECK OUT AND HIS NFL CELEBRITY GUEST THIS SATURDAY NIGHT AT PALM GARDENS...
Lazy Sunday - I've missed you so...
Prove all things; hold fast that which is good. - Bible
I had the same deal with upstairs neighbors. Turned out to be a chair on wheels rolling back and forth.
One of football's greatest linebackers is dead, & ESPN's 'breaking news' is the Saints' bounty penalties.
agree (: its gunna be the best year ever.
if this is the real michael i <3 you, my 2 and 5yr old loves you and we miss you :-( my 2yr old carries your photo everywhere
I am incredibly bummed the Beatles: Lost Concert is cancelled. Someone needs to take me to Chuck E. Cheese or something to make up for it.
L.A. Zoo director: “If you talk to people mostly on the Westside of Los Angeles…if you ask them ‘Where’s the zoo?’ they say, ‘San Diego."
Epic Audio. "Nice job, Phil." You stoked for Craft Beer Week?
I want to do a reverse morman
S/O to for being awesome, I love you! And btw we are totally hanging out this Summer <3 (:
- Thanks. We will pass this on to David
“: #weallgotthatonefriend that has no concept of geography.” isn't Alaska next to Hawaii
13 hours with ms. Martin... Wow this day is gonna be SO FUN
Agree MT : The best education companies are founded by passionate educators. #simpletruths -Jonathan Gr…
100 points to you.
He was in this series, no denying it
Just spent the last hour teaching my grandma how to use her new touch screen phone. After all of that, I'm ready for anything.
Just saw last night's "Scandal" (Thank God for DVRs with kiddos!) -- awesome work. I am so proud of my classmate!
who cares. If it's not Comic Sans, it's not worth identifying.
Hello Sagira, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
whats popping big bra?
Hey umm I think you should follow me :)
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” ~ Bo Bennett
Sarah Palin wants you to invite her imaginary friend into your life and let him take control of it.
Looks like this will be the end of that show 😒
“: No more birthdays for me wtf”did it expire or something lol
Time to get up & wrap some presents for Christmas Pt. 3 today.
haha, i hate when that happens! :/
true true. Oh well!
Erica was all "my tooth hurts" and I was like "oh no, I don't want it to be that time for you" and she said "what?" and I said "tooth-hurty"
Oh snap..!! No hangover!!
It's a tragedy :-/ Too many good memories with those guys
thank you! Even though today was slow and boring at work. Lol
Go Green @ UTD Tech Store! Turn in your used iPhone, iPad or iPod for an in-store credit while helping our environment.
LOL! I flew to Vegas yesterday, by myself. What the heck?
Happy International Women's Day!
I'll probably just wait for it to come out on Netflix. Other movies I'd like to see first
May the itch of a thousand crabs affect the one who ruins your day and may their arms be too short to scratch.
RT : Nothing does the trick like a 2nd floor window table overlooking Lake Mendota. (We concur!)
Girl me and the phone don't mix. lol. Except for very specific circumstances. Skype is better than phone too.
As someone who is trying to nurture her lesbian impulses, this catalog doesn't help. Do more, JCP!
Relationship doesnt get closer by meetings, But it is sweetend by thoughts
Hell I'll go to another Church ...watching Rickey Smiley
ONLY people without smartphones. Which means you can't have this type of conversation. So, go away.
See all the Freestyle crew at the 2Chainz concert (: VIP
Welcome to DFW by the way. Have a friend of wife's just got engaged & they are in process of interviewing photographers.
i just checked out your page. GOOD STUFF! :) it's just the kind of music i like!
Come enjoy our $2 Max Rake on All Limit Games! Call (702) 770-7654 for more information.
Happy Thursday- Gateway to the weekend baby! Wake up with the for fun! :)
Who needs free promotion to their social networks? Check out the site on my page.
Send some of that gear to the way of the Wisco baby, start sumthin new
#learningsomethingeveryday " Histologist " ~ one who studies the microscopic structure of plant and animal tissues in the field of anatomy.
That pizza I just had was good but the cheese was a bit tough.
I should say... J
We hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
Happy Thanksgiving (a day early)Don't forget, Santa & Mrs. Claus arrive by locomotive FRIDAY at 10:30am!! A must-see for children and adults
#idontlikeyoubecause you too sensitive
yeah...we kinda swagger jacked the name from that album haha!
Lmfao , Ricky Tried To Do My Hair .
Lol no not right now we have millions of volunteers to try out the lozengers though. They need to LEGALIZE IT!
Gabriel & Chris won't be home then
Women Unlimited is a national organization helping Fortune 500 women break the glass ceiling. Helping develop female leaders.
I know it's very alarming
how much I miss him when he's sleeping even I'm exhausted and the amount of feeding he does!
That seems to work. Thanks!
If Bush was still President, this morning's news would be a Predator drone strike that killed one of Bin Laden's wives.
Step Brothers never gets old
Having a good hair day? Stay inside! We will deliver lunch to your downtown office!
Got nothing better to do right now than tweet..
Wait, "supermoon" isn't some kind of flash mob? Because my buns are toned and ready.
THANK YOU
The narwhals have been baconing for 31 minutes now...
amen and a pristine hallelujah to that!
Everyone Follow trying to beat CNN to 1 million followers and is going to donate tons to charity.
I also screwed up with the twitter too, but I got it fixed also lol
no modern today :'( hitting the gym instead.
I'm craving flautas right now!
u dont know, u dont drink it
#NDSA Aaron Presnell says sustainability solutions are networks of mutually interested layers, like here (read as / NDSA)
And your light will forever shine
You are getting hungry...very hungry....yes, we are hypnotizing you via tweet. Get to The Lube for some wings tonight!
Dont walk away when im talking to yew xoxo
No Miami for me next month, but knowing me things might change....
just had a great coffee talk with happy energy!
Yeah Buddy!
#drinkingforjesus needs to be trending.
#OutoftheLoop What if the marriage is emotionally draining? Seek counseling
Happy weekend everyone!
Wine bloggers! Need a quiet place to think and write during #WBC11? Come check out OpenSpace- show your credentials and get a Free Day Pass!
same here! i shall wait until then
As you watch "Shame" (a must see!), check out the Girl on the Subway in the opening scene. That's out own Lucy Walters, aka Jess. Yeah!
Going to shower then sleep (hopefully)
Oh that is soon! Well, tell her I said hi.
Playing hide and seek with my 5 year old. Hope he doesn't find me for awhile.
Does one take the money and run from Kodak?
Mahalo to all who ate local at Picnic for the Planet! Local greens
Isn't it interesting how #Obama chooses to beg a women's college for the commencement speech? God, has this man any shame?
www.MorenoValleyTestOnly.com and don't forget us on facebook
It doesn't help? When I rearrange I always find enough space to land a 747. Maybe I'm a bad organizer. AM I IN THE WRONG PROFESSION?
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
bwaaahahaha. Spot on. Norv Turner is the worst coach since Herm Edwards.
Blessed be the Lord my strength, who teaches my hands to war & my fingers to fight."#Psalm 144:1
Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too
why is that? Its the weekend.
you guys know each other!?
Modell's. Just bought one.
like when you told me you were 5 and liked to play in that sandbox in your friends backyard but then they got rid of it. lol
Obama = politically INCORRECT
So is anyone interested in sending mealpacks to dying kids? This will be a great opportunity to help those in need and make some extra cash.
Going to start on Soul Calibur V.
Then I'll get u voodoo donuts for a house warming gift LoL
"The difference between a successful one and others is not a lack of strength or knowledge but rather in a lack of will"
This is going to be a great Friday.
damn right!
So I can't get a case of Coors Light? Damn.
are you gonna tell everybody it's a work?
well aware of this
Making mountains, not out of mole hills but chips !
RT : Since bin laden's death, 367 American troops killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
Visiting with family and friends is wonderful, but there's no place like home!
So sorry about that! :(
sorry about the spamage. gotta promote DAB. :) thank you for the advice!
The shit says..on YouTube is hilarious!!!!
Come on Caps. Tie it up.
ELI'S BBQ com ing to Columbia Tusculum on Riverside Drive! More details coming soon!
Did i really just fall asleep watching TV? Damn! Florida is wearing me out...in a good way.
still mad about that lonely packet of salami they use to keep on deck lol
wassup sorry bout that .
Long day of filming...back to the drawing board call @ 8:20 am. Looking forward to another day of filming. After that, TimeScare
Signs of Spring finally breaking? RT Perfect day to enjoy some food outside on the patio!
Because life is too short not to seek, play, and laugh with reckless abandon.
Baseball practice tonight. Hope the Tosa Muckdogs are all ready for some fun tonight!!!
btw, 2011 splits don't seem drastically different: is Affeldt a LOOGY? What's the criteria for getting this label?
Also mark your calendars for SAT 5/14 - guitar virtuoso FAREED HAQUE and his newest group MATHGAMES! A musical genius in the house! $8 / 18+
what day
love love love your pic #gorgeous !
Believe in your dream & work hard to get it, successful people are sleepless...
A message popped up and said that!!
Gn don't forget to pray 🙏😘
Massumi: instinct triggered by intensification not resemblance.
#LMSunSIG how to sneak in getting faculty to embrace course design?
I walked 15,000 steps today and got a badge with Fitbit! (actually, this happened on May 9 but #FitBit is rewarding me today... glitch?)
is your boyfriend like mexican
Do ever get tired discussing silly issues!
Is it too late for JR Smith to give up shooting threes for lent? 2 for 11?!? I was getting Harrington flashbacks.
They auto tweeted this for me. I dont use the word "cool" unless I use it in a cool way or a very uncool way that makes it that much cooler
Don't put your lips up to my mouth & tell me you can't stay.
Nope, they're exactly the same.
Currently battling an on-the-way-to-work flat tire... Great.
C/O 2013, MAKE SURE TO VOTE FOR ANTON TEEHANKEE FOR SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT!!! THAT'S ME, PROMISE YOU WONT REGRET IT :)
Spurs v. Warriors... The Warriors ave 107.9 points at home. The Spurs have lost 3 straight when allowing 100 pts or more.
Tumblr > Twitter > facebook
who's the lucky winner?
Rock bottom = Putting saved Taco Bell hot sauce packets on food that is not from Taco Bell.
well maybe lol where are youu?
Thanks for the #FF!
ONE week from today I will be on my way to visit Erica in Modesto/SanFran!!! :) so freaking excited.
Need a catchy name for a fall fundraiser for the Oklahoma Humanities Council. Any ideas?
True Story, that's how I found it. Also found I needed to delete my old blog
Nice job!
Mixed combo, of course! Why settle for just one? And we've decided, that mustache of yours deserves a cameo in the near future.
Awesome busy at #LGO. Line's our the door.
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." -Helen Keller
Aha Why You Realy Dont Have To Feel Bad Cause Its Gonna Come Back Alive,Unless Youve Already Killed It 8 Times lol>,,<
I'm a fan of but they were sold out for today. Got stuck with the Megasuck.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles-The Player, Psycho and Liar, Liar!
How is it that we weren't following each other before this?
thanks for visiting me when you picked up your mommy!(:
Aloha ! What will Seattle do without that smile?
I dont wanna throw you away, coffee house monday
I hit send too soon...compedium of your vocabulary?!? RT : have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
a friend has a 7 year old son who started playing piano one year ago and can really swing in rag time. now that's gifted. way to go josh.
SMSU seeking a tuition increase to improve the old Mattke field
kind of like new facebook...they're just makin' changes!
