Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other thing. Abraham Lincoln
Book! On what?
Check your DM's.
at times
omg.. Tumblr is the shit! I just need to focus on more important things :)
right? I don't see anyone planning anything that could end with a fucking disaster
time to eat hot chips to make my throat feel better...<3
Sleeping with no pants, no undies, no shirt.. completely naked
I know right?! RT : How do all these college athletes afford so many tattoos?!
That picture of Jamyn cracks me up everytime!!!
Today is what I like to refer to as a 'Pajama Executive' day. Because work need not include actual pants.
Dissapointed with this day....it's just sucked. Headache is killing me..blackhawks lost...have a shit load of homework...I miss Nathan. :(
Your negative attitude towards things is why I turn off ESPN after Mike&Mike. Stop treating caddies like lower class people!
Have you planed a Cash Mob yet?
Congrats to our 48 our music video team for winning Best Film and Cinematography. See ours "Up up and I" and others at musicfromtheq.com
Oh, now I get it. Hipsters are hip because they don't know they are hip.
My name is Danny B. i'm very short as you can see, i need a ladder to reach the toilet so i can go motha fuckin pee!
I'll take another one!!
If you need a recommendation for a web host, contact Black Kat Studio at or (352) 369-9607.
Sure can!
indeed it was. Come celebrate with Us in DC
thank you! Yes, you were a trooper...I'm gonna have a preview for you soon.
No studio work today. Writing copy for a big fundraiser happening in May- A Slice of 1946 - radio shows - music - culture - sports - news
I should've known something was up when asked to be forgiven...
Girls are giggles with freckles all over them. ~
0-3. Game against the pistons is just what the doctor ordered
Gotta look for a second job
just in case your spring break tans have worn off, I have plenty of instant bronzer left.
i watched TED talk by Brian Greene and I now understand string theory (in a manner of speaking.
Isn't it. I saw it this morning and though how eye opening a statement it was!
. Some people make the world a better place, YOU are one of those people!
ill be 17 on oct 7 :)
Prouder father? Doc Rivers or Archie Manning?
Well, after working at golf courses for the past two years I am finally taking my first golf lesson on Monday!
Looking forward to connecting with a fellow Everett resident and inviting them to Isagenix.
I'm gonna go ahead and say that must have been having a sale today bc I've seen more Saks bags in #gct tonight than ever!
Ain't shit changed, ain't no ass kissing, ain't no begging. People learn not to try me, that's a known #fact !
1c coconut milk, 1c water, 8 dates, 1/2c sunbutter- food processor until smooth-then pour into ice cream maker. AMAZING
My brain is going to explode! (and yet, I find it all fascinating)
Making a spiritual contribution:The greatest and most effective leaders stay anonymous.
I seriously feel like shit right now . . . Mann 😞
I don't hate you, I never will. I just act like I do, because it's easier than admitting that I miss you.
"The KING has one more move" Killer preaching tonight by my man !
How was the publishing process? did you DIY or find a publisher? thanks!
Joel Ward is the answer to the Ultimate Question.
yeah like secret undercover ninja ha
what is it inbox me it
Damn just remembered I have to come to school Friday.
but I wanna learn how to dance like a Beyonce or Mcjagger.
Chrissy a fake B/you suppose to call me back-U didn't
Finally-great news! Thx 4 update, Terry. ": "24" movie will begin production in April or May. #kiefersutherland #TCA12 #knoxville"
We never lost it, just waiting for you to cash that check buddy =)
2 more hours till 12 o clock my bday and Mikey birthday and my mom yes gonna be 13 finally same with mikey
you working hard or what bro? You stay off twitter
you to
“: Mushroom & Foie Gras stuffed Quail with Pork Saucisson & Buttery Lentils” Yes, please!
So much traffic. Definitely forgot homecoming was this weekend.
make sure you guys check out our new song "Sky on Fire" Ft. and let us know what you think of it! www.inspireandinfect.com
This label project is boring as fuck and I have zero motivation to finish it.
I could never talk shit about someone and then act like were friends just not me bro
Birthers are racists. They believe Obama is not American because they don't want him to be. That makes them racist scum.
Louise Waite is taking her husband, Edgar, to meet 'Abdu'l-Bahá at the Plaza Hotel.
okay, but if I don't like them, you will be the first to hear about it!
Come Bowl the night away @ Frames on April 26th, 11pm-12am or 12am-1am with your fellow seniors!!!! Cost $12
What's the first thing you notice about a person? For us, it's their teeth. :)
Kinda tired of seeing 12 year olds take photos better then 18 year olds w/ film cameras
Ah, archiving emails. It's the little things in life :)
I guess thats my version of playing in the snow this year because there wasn't any to shovel.
RT Today ...wow....not much I can say..but WOW!
OH MY GOD. IM CRYING. WTF. TRAVIS CUT HIS BIEBER HAIR. OMG
Yayayaayayayayayayayayayy iPods not gonna be taken away, just phone (:
awesome episode of P&R. I was LMAOing and ROFLing and BBQing
Finally done with my freshman year of college, yet I still look like I'm 12.
People believe you need to give a team 40 games to see what u got Jang that what spring training is for
I'm in direct sales--- skin care.... also helping ds pros connect with their clients via cards and video emails.
Nice one! I like the Joe-ish blur in the background.
My parents called to say they were renting a boat today. I told them I have to give a speech and write a 5-7 page paper. FML.
I just love stress induced insomnia.
There is really nothing better then having down time. its really the only time of the day you truly are yourself. #whtdiduotoday?
Happy Friday.
re: -- right?! :) re: #cssts -- Thank you so much for coming, and glad you got something out of it!
at some point your going to have to relinquish your privilege of being the only woman there.
cash money young money$$$$$$$$$$$$$ im red hot welcome to dat hood
Sunglasses on or off? RT : Somewhere, at this very moment, David Caruso has his hands on his hips.
pshhh..that's wat they think...ha...if ur being caught being sneaky...then??...lol
watt really bo we wap ak suppose to go to Vegas
hey man I chipped my tooth in high school! Did you ever notice at AU?No! Because theres a god lookin cap on my front tooth haha
That was a crazy person. Me! It finally happened, I became that lady who yells out the window at people!
Going to try to sleep now, so goodnight. c: or... good morning, I guess. ha!
hey..its Kimya from Chicago...can you give Karyn Calabrese a call..she needs to speak with you...or hit me on facebook Kimya Norene
Sophia! You are incredible and you are an inspiration!!!!
Im just a humble mother fucka wit a big ass dick
Inspired by , I just resurrected and refactored all the ignored integration tests in my Rails project.
Best moment of the game has to be Torii Hunter saying "Wow" towards Ibanez's HR.
BIG CONGRATS!
old Chiodos will always be the shit.
you keep telling yourself that. Nothing says true fan like an empty deck on a 1st place club. Good luck making your $ back Gugg
Just ask the HR Director if she needed my email address for a proj. She smiled & said "I'm HR I can find you!" 😨
(Anonymous) The only difference between stumbling blocks and stepping stones is the way you use them.
I wonder what's going on with G Road teams playing this weekend. Can someone give me an update?
Watching Spurs Insider In The Morning ❤🏀 >>>
Call ne
why do you promote race wars just to hold power? Why do You want innocent people to die?
Willy wonka and the chocolate factory is classic! Perfect Sunday
Yes, it is 15 days until Christmas....Breathe...It will all get done...
This is ridiculous no two hour delay even though everybody around does. Obviously no one cares about our well being
One of my promises to myself when I found out I was moving back to DC was that I would travel to NYC more often.
Marriott Pinnacle, Opus, Westin Grand, Shangri La are all pretty solid. Staying on the harbor at Fairmont, etc. is great, too.
ps. I see from your recent tweets that you are a Unibroue fan...I knew we like you guys for a reason!
eating food
The Last Nigga On Earth Starring Tom Hanks-
I am excited for a new month to begin. I set my intentions, write out my goals, visualize myself succeeding and take inspired action.
√ me out bih this nigga try a sell out bout me working at subway but he 26 and can't even get our on his own.
Me too. He was a good young player that had his career cut way too short.
You are so sweet. I want us both nominated and at the ceremony.
how much
holy shit..just realized i met friday with and too cool. humble dude
E! is making me tear up lmao
The earnest prayer of a righteous person has great power & produces wonderful results. James 5:16 Write your prayers, watch & be amazed!...
Thanks Dunkle you've made me waste my time
hell yeah they suspended my ass
Still time left to get the #MothersDayPromo email me for details.
I hate that your pic makes it appear that 1 of the 26 ppl I'm following is Will Smith. That said, did make the list.
I love you too ❤
Cats by 13.
3pcs 100 Cotton Bath Bathroom MatRug + Toilet Lid Cover Set- toilet lid cover
that's meh ^^
I just want my freedom back. Real talk.
what could we do?
RT new founders aren't children, just inexperienced. investors aren't parents, just uncles & aunts. & we all make mistakes
Im getting some laughs in today, lol he getting some major points!!!!
What the Dickens?
I CANT TELL!
I like someone:o
And a fold out print of 3 images (maybe one of Franco?), the final one with "Brad" being carved into an upper arm. Is it a young Franco?
That girl whos in the song though is good. Inspiration to the fullest
Gracias, m'dear. I'm excited to see what new photos of random rockstars you've got up next. :)
"Whatever the Situation, theres ALWAYS Solutions"
Mad had soo much homework I don't even thing I finished it what eva don't care I got most of it done!
Hunting Arbor Mist. Study night!
and thanks!
Yes . I understand I'm one weird mother fucker c:
not a dig at his integrity, just an acknowledgement that it was well-timed for the polls.
I know someone with one. A very nice one in fact. Just spent a week there.
follow back because I'll never unfollow you?(:
Great discussion with RDs on how produce can get a robust marketing plan going. Any ideas out there??
surprisingly today went by really quick 👍
Planning, swimming and the Military Covenant | Life of Brian
Just got 3 new members for the zombie defense crew! Keep those applications coming! Direct message me :)
Send 'em all to me, I'll reject them one by one by one. And probably take a couple.
this is her second set as well. Best thing ever
Children and young adults can be compensated for foster home abuse via civil suits.
You totally underestimate me. And I've already got an airbrush girl on lock.
#wewantromo even if tweeting it gave a tone of people tweet limit.. lol
You say loves over rated ......... I call it complicated !!!!
What is love, what is love? Is it giving up? 'Cause that's not how you raised me.
RT : #WHBrief so overflowing with marriage questions, that reporters are trying to ask "quick" questions on the economy.
Want to see Zac Young live at your favorite venue? Tell us where its at so we can book it and we will hook you up at the show!!
I don't play. Unless it's keys, then I play all day.
I just want some chicken wings lol. Scotty's chicken wings
Brazil Is Ready For Big Time Rush
Thanks:) Hope your having a great week!!
Im just a lesbian on the weekends. RT : omg stop it! i'm laughing so hard right now lol
something is out for delivery via UPS for you today ;-)
This airport has too many hoodrats.
U know Id fall apart without u I dont know how u do what u do Cause everything that dont make sense about me makes sense when Im with you<3
Please follow
Why is it that when I really really need to go to sleep, I simply lay here worrying about all I have to do the next day?! :(
I have 6 spots open for this afternoon. I come to you for a change. I may stop on the way!
No, afraid not! Something to think about moving forward.
All cable news should be streamed live 24/7. Thank God for al-Jazeera.
Please follow me for updates on open Engineering positions!
It might snow today in Nashville? I'm not prepared for this...
Praying God's favor over you tonight
Tf do niggas be wearing now. Outfits dont be matching and shit.
Thanks for the #ff, friend! :D
So glad my bday is over....I rather it be just another shitty day instead of a shitty birthday......
need a sugar rush.. :D
go sadler go win a 3rd win in a season you can do it
US Sec. of Education speaking at #cysummit 'We need can't do it by themselves"
You like someone who can't like you back because unrequited love can be survived in a way once-requited love cannot.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them. - John Stuart Mills
Daylight Savings Time reminds me why coffee exists. Thanks be to God.
It's been good so far. Wat about you?
Just in case there was any doubt - we are super blessed!
That's like 8 of you!
Looking forward to see how mythbusters works with Twitter and
UC football IS mediocre
FUCK AMERICAN IDOL
thats almost all I watch lol kinda addicting ..😣
pink satin panties for breast cancer research ~ order yours today! visit our website to place your order. thank you for your support.
Dang! Been a Long time since I haven't been on twitter! But happy 2 be back! :)
this is why I love you. Such a random snippit of dialogue. And not even from a major character.
i can make yo bed jiggle ;)
Join us TONIGHT at 6:00pm for Opera Supper- our wonderful monthly event!
Do you need a free cell phone? Come to our workshop to learn how you can get one! March 15, contact us for more info.
I would tweet specifics about my Saturday night, but, come on. You don't want to be depressed, too, do you?
She's totally right! Thanks for the shout out and come to Hubler Nissan today for your best options!
Social media tools at BCBSFL. Engage in something meaningful.
» What happens to 's mobile apps now that their content is digital subscription only? Those costs should be refunded.
I appreciate this!
You make me crazier, crazier, crazier. ♥ yeah, you.
In the best mood. Nothing bad about the last 24 hours of my life.
Just back from NYC and ready to make people beautiful today!
So glad they found who killed He deserves the
And there it is! Big hot by
bout to smash on some food!!!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 30
I've seen you use the litter box and now you admit you want to be a cat. YOUR CAUGHT lolz
Fear makes us feel our humanity.
Yeah! In my seat waiting 4 Goerne and Andsnes to take the stage at Carnegie Hall for Mahler and Shostakovich.
there's no need to reminisce bout the past...obviously cuz that SHIT did not last..
RT : “: Can't wait for tomorrow. Last time we meet at the High School...”/surreal.
That's awesome! Come to Cali! :) Let me know when that happens
Its the Humanist in me..=)
your teeth are like perfect.
#nowplaying The Cranberries
hey we wouldn't mind it being a kia! ;-)
that it took me forever to reply back i was puttin my clothes in the washer and dryer: P I've only got one dm from dare ?
-__- we need to kick it this lakershater image isnt good on you
#celebrityapprentice Loved the mens presentation more. It was way more informative.
I am laughing that you would post the photo!
Mitt Romney is filibustering
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. ~Sonya Friedman
#euro tour hanging in Amsterdam waiting for our connection to Edinburgh.
did u find prince fielders answers about Braun a little strange??
i had to take my english eca yesterday but i didn't know i had one until i got there -__-
<sigh> #reality!
the soup could not be recommended to you :D
<< No dirt.... all angels and amens!
I'm actually not supposed to make OJ jokes. Nothing funny about a black man killing his white wife.
Samsung’s Galaxy S I unveiling happens today; here’s how to watch it live
I won't get my hopes up. I won't get my hopes up. I won't get my hopes up. Fuckit, they're up. COME ON NEWCASTLE!!!
What's for lunch? Stop by the Kilt today for 1/2 a sandwich with side salad and cup of soup, plus a soda or iced tea for only $7.99
wher u graduate? And what u do?
What?!!!! RT : The Pacers aren't scheduled to play any national TV games (ESPN/ABC or TNT) this season."
hello beautiful
Has anyone else found out that the superscript short code in iBooks Author does not work? (Control Command +) itself does nothing.
Should be done with the first book tomorrow! Only another 1130 pages to finish up the next two!
"What Color is Love?"
Ps the food was homemade pasta salad with dill
lmao, really ? I've fought way bigger people. I'll be fine.
San Marino tomorrow, round two of Christmas celebration! I am hoping for sunshine, safe travels, and holiday cheer. Bring on the vacation!
Brunch sounds like a good idea on this dreary day. Serving it 11-2 today.
omg. I love baby feet. Happy mother's day! Enjoy your nibbling!
I made that #DD just for you ;)
I've missed having tennis practice! So much fun
Nothing like sitting in traffic bumpin
First bachelorette party sighting in Nashville. So it begins.
I can't wait to go home and get these sessions on with
Yay it's friday!
Hell yeah!! #Bruins tie it up at 1 w/ the 4-on-4 goal!!
i think someone stole the nacatamales out of my freezer
#Geithner speaking #portland city club: Why hasn't growth been stronger? Shocks: Europe, threat of US default. Not taxes, not regulation.
That would be awesome! Congrats on your love! :D
u forgot about the "good luck tonight, i mean, good game"
Omg is moving to miami in week:O hope you like it theree, but why don't move to the Uk instead hehe loveyou over in the uk;)<3
what kind of phone do you have? I drop iPhone 4 all the time. It's still good!
#RT ": Put your future in good hands - your own."
When I want your opinion, I will give you the proper forms.
nice shoes, sir.
Thanks to and for being extras in today's shoot!
Cuse wins! Great game. Badgers are some kind of a team, too...Jordan Taylor is super.
PB2, where have you been all my life?
By 6:30pm on the first day of the Facebook/DLA partnership, 540 people registered as #donors in the state of Illinois! Great work!
follow us for upcoming details about Wordcamp Ed - a meetup of teachers, institutions, and developers to discuss WordPress and education
Birthday bash begins... time for some booze so i feel comfortable pulling off my apollonia impression lol
Thank you! It's warmer than I thought it would be at least. And my SEPTA train was almost on time.
Hahaha In Dire Need Of A Straightener...
Single Life Is The Best Life So Far:(
All the people voting and nominating the movies are stuffy and old. Funny is not their thing. Sad, but true!
Hello Linda. I hope you are doing well.
War zone or tourist trap? Mulling the Korean DMZ
#LETSGOHEAT Road WARRIORS!!!!
Dear Florida, I'll never bad-mouth you again. Not after this past 2 weeks in Oregon.
Bored to death in government and have been on Facebook and twitter the whole time...can't wait for some rolf all next block!
I don't know *shrugs* you tell me why.
HAHAHA! I DON'T HAVE ONE!
There are 84 million moms in the United States. Wow! I am grateful to be one to two beautiful children.
Nice day out in Vegas under a 100 degrees today. Won't last long though.
Also Zach galafanakis luve at the purple onion is great RT : Any recommendations for good standups on Netflix?
at the Library of Congress working with an amazing group of experts on establishing best practices for oral history in a digital age
you are a supermodel, it doesn't matter what you wear, you'll ALWAYS be noticed!
wanna know what I hate? when a person I talked to starts being friends with the person I talk to now. lmao
good news they still have
David Ortiz is a big man.
Would love to see Brandon Weeden backing up ARod in GB for many years. The kid may be 28, but he can play.
thank you, thank you. It really was awful!
Let's Get a win today my dude!
Got some contacts now thinkin bout gettin some colored ones what you guys think?
2nd Amendement + Training = Ready to pack. Of course you used "best judgement" when you fired in that "tough situation."
possibly, but might also be the beginning to an H&S as well, we need to watch it a bit more.
my 499th tweet s/0 is to because i love her likee o m g
Thanks for following . We're excited to learn about the great things you do for women and families on our community!
Thank you!
Agreed...AFC South sends 3 teams to playoffs this year!
taco time :)
G.M.N.I.: Shyt has me on edge thinkin' bout my 3 younger bros all the time. I can't see one of them leaving this earth before I do.
Downtown traffic this am is brutal
Why is engagement before exit w/ ALL employees important? Because you establish credibility, diagnose problems early, cure them w/o fear.
Remember today is new for most of us.
Looks a lot different from the western ones, no?
Thanks for stopping by!
A few more things to work out, then it's off to the studio! - zach.
I like it, but bummed that Rangers are blacked out in Austin.
You must have a belief in yourself larger than anyone's disbelief.
H20 Pool Party with the brand new SKD has begun! Come down to and hang by the pool with the dancers!
RT Woops too busy exploring my new dashboard to focus on #mediachat. Ya gotta know I love this stuff
Ho-hum. Drumming up a new website.
This >>> RT : I just LOVE We The Kings so much! :'3
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.' People tried
: "are we going to let technology be a distraction or lead us forward?" one of the best presentations I've ever seen.
good how are you, anything new?
Some days I wonder if I should hang out at my local 7-11 and play the lotto all day.
What's that link for the pet food donation program again? I'll be stopping by tomorrow & have some kitty-no-likey cat food bags.
Oh.. I guess there was a 5th band at #rockthegarden and I didn't remember them either. Left the announcement a little early.
Lisa Sun: It's important to add a conversation starter in the interests section of your resume (e.g., TV shows, books, sports)
don't even worry about it :)
im so hot I didnt know Jeezy was performing at the house of blues!!!!! did he kill it????
2012 is just a rise in disasters for a while then it leaves that is all that is going to happen
God bless the USA - Osama bin laden dead! Proud to be an American
yes, this is in fact TRUE. I'm giddy with excitement.
Happy #fattuesday! Where will you be celebrating?
#Mavs win and Steven Jackson is waiting by the refs car in the parking lot.
Just saw 2 guys running while holding hands. Probably straight.
He also finds her classless and fake.
Your recent blog was dead on :) You should consider being a Professor. Teach Women's Studies through Soaps. I'd register!
Milwaukee County Housing Authority is opening low-income family public housing waiting list if interested call 414-286-5678 on 1/17/12
How can Michael Jackson still be dead? Isn't he like, dead or something? Lol
sure thing!
Told my Grandma I was running for President and she should write me in. Her response? "well THAT wouldn't make sense"
Is that where you went to school?
hehe :D guess what? :)
awseome!! Hope to see you Thursday at our show!!
lol i should yeah lol but idk if i would be able to keep up with it lol
thanks for the RT!
RT : Join us on Monday for happy hour & casual networking as we team up w/ to empower women in Haiti & Guat...
Q4. What is the most bizarre drink you've had on the road? (via )
My butt is expressing boredom and annoyance due being on this damn bus for 3 hours
you auditioning for teenhoot too?
Hana I'll always have a soft spot for
STILL GOT MY MONEY ON THE DALLAS MAVERICKS WHO WANA BET?
Happy #Follow #Friday everybody!
i just love
who DOESNT like Star Wars??
sorry cuz, I didn't even know I did it til I just read this... When are we gonna hang since u ditched us last night
ok ill check it out when I get off work :)
SA what goes down tonight
actually not even going to ontourage...heading to the strip club babyy!! my first time!
Disneyland is going to now have Starbucks locations at the park. Holy crap. Stoked.
Almost just left my house without shoes on. That chill.
Happy summer .....that's so late
was good bro
yup just got back from Georgia this morning
If you missed the Great Picture, world's largest photo, while it was on view you can now see the gallery view photos here...
we hope it wasn't actually a BAM! We try to keep our pillows fluffy. :) Hope you slept well!
Well, you look fabulous.
just bumped into Spurs Jesus at the game
Sat at Gibsons in Chicago, charming outside seating with flowers to give a sense of Europe and privacy. Watching the beaut.ppl walk by!
we tweeted each other at the same time..weird..what are you doing?
aww thx doll! RT : I approved this message! 💑RT: Just wanted the twitterverse 2 know I'm madly in love with ;)
Happy Mother's Day!! Yay!! So glad to be a Daughter to a Great Mother and a Mother to a Great Daughter!!!
Love you boo <3
Wasabi & soy sauce almonds are the bomb dot com
Agreed. If they weren't consulted during development then the product probably doesn't make it long
Thanks! Getting out of town before the snow! RT : O... Nice, Jenn! Have fun :) RT : Heading to Moab tomorrow.
Interviewing and then this morning! These will be on at some point soon.
On a first draft, yes but I didn't discover out lining until I was on the umpteenth draft
Starbucks is my fucking favorite! my best friend and I had Dunkin' Donuts today haha I'm good though, thankyou =]
I've got my beret and my jodhpurs but no monocle. HOW AM I EXPECTED TO DIRECT WITHOUT MY MONOCLE???
Learn how to use social media and viral marketing best practices to get people to talk about your business online
good luck to your brother tonight! Hoping to see him in Green and Gold!
#Packers fans could encounter traffic delays heading to and from Lambeau as most major roads in NE Wis. are under construction -- DOT
“: Three hours away ... oh man. #SB46” let's go
sounds like a plan, man
YO CHECK IT!
Good morning all
Too often we hide our brilliance in order to make others feel comfortable... Don't be scared... Let it shine
Horrible play calling...huge waste of a possession
People say 'why do you still love him?' & honestly, i don`t know but theres just something about him & i just can`t let him go.
Maya Rudolph and Amy Poehler rock.
My point exactly! RT : there are people that don't think Danity Kane was a failure? Didn't they only last a few yrs?
My dog is trying to kick me off my bed, how lovely?!:P
I wish I had a sister like that!!:)
Haters & hoes make me laugh! (period) them ppl make me laugh on how hard they thinkin' about my life instead of theirs!
Thanks for the offer but my workout windows have recently gotten a lot smaller (toddler and a baby). Maybe down the road?
omg u should really like legit follow me please :-))
Good trade during the super bowl! Glad to see you stuck to the plan! :) P.S. Congrats on the 25 pds! Good work!
The owner of our company is in town today ... and suddenly everyone is wearing ties.
Garth & Kat might be the dumbest recurring SNL bit in a long time. What exactly is funny about this?
you said it lm Keep the flame burning.
Glad you are seeing it with us!
Fuck the art project Gaahh. To much homework.
NF HEY WHAT UP INDEPENDENT ARTIST GO BY MR KRAZY JUST HERE NET WORKING SO FOLLOW BACK HOMIE
... I spend seven years waiting for you and this is what I have to show. nice.
congratulations on kicking the S out of your 10 course dinner
HABITAT is hosting a High-Level Meeting on Sustainable Urbanization in Konya, at HQ today. Stay posted for updates
Trails are soaked. Guess it's going to be a road bike kind of day.
Aww I'm sorry I wasn't, now I am though. 😊 Goodmorning. :)
Can you dig it? I can.
how many days have you been taking it?
DO IT.
Burke or Millard north 29?
Thanks for the follow! I am a woman co-founder so love your mission!
Next Tues at 6p! In the Cosby Academic Center
Yep. Karl Kopp had a potential project on MLK, Jr. Drive. Never happened.
#askzacefron will you marry me ? or maybe just follow me ? i hope you have a wonderful weekend <3
What? Say it ain't so!?!
The #AccessSports Silent Auction bidding is now closed - who will win big?
Next Fri #NYE Fireworks on the roof w/the beautiful Sarah Chapman at
OK, I've blown the beautiful lead I had on this day tweaking pix of goslings...
Great! MT : Today the Justice Center is training Harlem faith leaders on prisoner reentry with the Interfaith Center of NY.
Latin Gold Thursdays is always fun @ the QBar!
Have you seen an agenda, or just guessing based on next meeting dates? I can't find anything on 6B website.
Great book. Another excellent examination of being a fan (gridiron): Rammer Jammer Yellow Hammer, by Warren St. John.
Happy Hump Day to our staff across the country! We hope you are all out there working for excellence!
The correct pronunciation is fung-shway and translates as “wind-water”.
Mom taught me how to make kimchi pop today. I now know what's going to kill me.
You get nervous, worried, sad, angry, and stressed cause you care. It's better to care; it means things matter to you.
don't need a phone!! She don't answer and it take her 5 days to reply to text. But let me tweet her I bet her ass be on it!👊
Windows Phone LTE plans: Nokia Ace, HTC Radiant, Samsung Mendel coming to AT&T early 2012
Total RT Best male R&B Group of the 90's ???
I think I have an NU key chain with me. I will wave that proudly.
lol sex ? what ?
yes really. Thats the only grey hoodie I have
Me and Davis are shopping with Leah and Joan. So fun.
Never mind...
BTW, Pam, you know Elizabeth Deifell? she is a great friend of mine. we are co-authoring a paper now.
simmonds and clarkson
Had a football meeting today.....the schedule is looking real weak so its time to go to work on this new region
We'll look back on this as a golden age, when guacamole finally became widely available at fast food chains.
That's the longest I've ever been without my phone, I was going crazy ;(
This mess shows how politics is corrupting the supreme court. The one place it should never be. Sad
my options for what?
Low waits! Low rates! Cars ready to rock you to your destination right now!!
#marketing is crucial to the success of your
“: Going to watch Menage bring down da house tonite at the Viper on the Sunset Strip!” :) :)
Agree! MT Like your 133 pg groundbreaking case broken up into useful 140 character morsels? Enjoy last hr of feed
oh then we gonna get along just fine cause thats what am having tonight
Thanks. Would love to go, but going through economic hardship right now. $$$--:(
May the 4th be with you! Happy Friday! :-)
Out to Austin for the weekend to relax and promote!
Everyone knows Carlos means the world to me, right? End of story.
I swear I'll be what you deserve.
then I say its time for a drink
No. It was PI.
Timbers Army!!!!!
What will you #wonder about today?
Sounds like the opening scene of a Seinfeld episode.
History shows again and again how nature points up the folly of man Godzilla! Matsui has come alive!!!!
haha but I'll be home Saturday until next Sunday!
People tell me that I fell off.... Oh I needed that
Looking 4ward to supporting at the with this evening.
on average I spend 25 hours less than them studying each week
Where my fav bartenders at??
RT : Family Matters Vs Full House Carl Winslow & Danny Tanner conspire to keep Steve Urkel and Kimmy Gibbler from falling in love
The McClain Sisters are gonna get the party started at the Minnesota Mall of America right! Woohooooo!
So apparently concuring the world is alot of work....LOL
We'd say this weekend was a SUCCESS! Thank you all so much for coming out!
more like block stumbling
Will be at #FETC Wed. Hope to talk to and while I'm there.
enjoy vol. 3 of #britishskins. new kids though- not sure how much i like that..
all good! live tweeted the event 2.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. Abraham Lincoln
when are you and coming to florida? I can't wait any more longer since warped jul 31 :D
"Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse." ~Thomas Szasz
RT : When your mind says "Give up" Hope whispers "One more try"
oh thats not good.....did you have chemo yesterday?
There's a difference between joking and lying.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday! :)
I heard rumors of a 1000 person centipede.
I'm late to respond, but "yes ma'am!" When can we make this happen before you hop across the country?
wow no wonder there were a lot of gaps in their story!!! I missed out on a lot
Awesome! Can you please follow me? I am a HUGE fan...
Let me think of a good one right now hm
I think they should be - otherwise everyone they ever met will at least hope at worst demand a share of the money.
Jesus Christ, the son of God, died a painful death on a cross to pay for our sins, then defied death by rising from the grave.
more business on its way......
You'll have to wait until I get some NuggetHead mints like had then.
Hbu no I don't smoke and why... u only want to hear from those who do smoke???
if you're creeping:) Please follow me, i love you and austin:),
go one and out of the playoffs next 4 years or rebuild a franchise. Who's the real fan?
here we go 4 show weekend!
Don't wuss out! Be a man! ;)
I actually didn't see the relevance. By the same token the entire Golf Mag Top 100 can't talk
Drake, Yeezy, & Q-Tip.
of course I remember you!
Odd decision by Tennessee and UCONN to wear their alternate uniforms in the championship game.
Intellectually, MUCH to gain; pragmatically, would lead to more downsizing of humanities.
- My pleasure, thank you!
#stoprightthere and add a picture to your twitter.
Only 3 more Sunday night cookouts left... Make your reservations to come out & see us tonight!
RT : "Failure is an important part of development. If you never fail you aren't challenging yourself."
My just earned me a free paid of #Frigo underwear... can't wait to try it out!
Im So Bored
A victim's identity is based on what was done to them. A victor's identity is based on what Jesus has done for them.
Can't wait!!
Is it true--there is no specific English word for "baisemain?" UK is having a field day with this over in
words can't describe how excited i am for this last math class EVER
I'm gonna stick with God even if I'm all by myself
What do you guys think of Hell Is What You Make It? If you don't have it, you should buy a copy at Hot Topic or Best Buy 'er whatever. :P
im pulling for you two
With all the NFL firings today. I may apply to be a coach.
#fact RT : has trained over half the players on the court right now for the clips and the spurs
this kid: there something different about you. me: i have makeup on
nice, maybe i'll have to check it out. also, hay
yours will come out nice. Sound like you've done ur research
yup, and i can tell its real cause it was with a silver marker
Fair to say more people at Terrace to see Neil deGrasse Tyson lecture than recent Ron Paul rally. Well done, Madison.
Most of the time I consider myself an intelligent person...and then there's today...
Taking Mom to Brunch! Happy Mother's Day!
aww i was reading all those #IWondeIf tweets and majority of them was a sweet and some of them was like #wtf!
Over 200 Tape Contest submissions so far! Keep em coming!
Managed to get through half of U.S. History tonight....what know #apush ?
“: ": Go jeff!! Great djing" ” thanks guys
Question is dere stripers in Africa????
lol, don't worry - it's almost Sunday again...
You know there are trash cans on every corner, right?
can't ask for a better start. Finish this one!
concert at was #awesome!!!
Hi Dave!! *big smile* It is a beautiful day out today! Hopefully my crazy schedule will slow down soon so we can hang out.
i dunno, it would make kid shopping easy, who wants to give birth when i can just pick one up from the playground?
You say its too late to make it, but is it too late too try?
Interesting way to start the day, a phone call from Google...
Now taking live feed of Kathleen Falk's speech at Barrett party
#TeamNoSleep or #TeamInsomniac Whatever you call it, I'm making my dreams come true while you keep dreaming. Studio time.
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight. But she replied: "I write music for ears, not eyes." ♥
thanx 4 follow, back atcha. You are one busy guy!
smh, ya gotta sleep sometime!
Only a few days left until spring break and only a few days left to check out the first round of spring exhibitions! Stop on by!
Does Tim Tebow have to submit photos of his feet for Rex Ryan's approval?
thank you
haha talking to cookie is productive though.
Familiar melody… Ah! You haven't lived until you've heard "Achy Breaky Heart" in Spanish, blasted by your neighbor down the street.
I <3 Pip. He's just too cute.
I wouldn't say that is true, many programmers are out of work due to offshoring. Remaining jobs are highly competitive.
Really want to get to know
tampa vinyl acquisitions:gnr's appetite for destruction, dj's fossils, nilsson's pandemonium shadow show, and a marvin sease record for $40
thanks for the #FF! Happy Opening!
So apparently Taylor Swift has a greeting card line...
Best wishes to you and your family. Good to connect with positive people like you!
Have you met the new surgeons at Hamilton Surgical Associates?
Some people should tweet me!
is so scarred of
Welp Looks Like Im Always The One Assed Out ... :/
we win! #capsisles #Capitals #Caps !
Same to you! It's a great opportunity for local parents to speak with Sec. Duncan
What about "NotTalkingTV", or perhaps "TalkingNoTV", or maybe even "TalkingAboutGeneralStuffandThings"?
AGREE! u can co-create to death & it all becomes mediocre & "mediocrity sucks" says Ruud. need experts!
So you would recommend? I haven't seen it yet
Welcome Aboard, Vincent Van Ness.... 80 agents and growing!
is in town; the world is a better place for it!
Thanks for the kind RT, Kathy :) Happy Sunday~
Cloudy with a chance of today is going to suck.
If I'm honest with myself, the only movie I ever want to watch is Stepmom.
Lol ": Most women hate their periods. If I was a woman I would aim to praise my period. But I am not so I give praise to my
how do you deal with the black hat marketers that are polluting your site?
Show at the Byham on Saturday, next week!
Keep an eye out as I merge another feed with this one. BEER ART! A (twice) daily compendium of beer design, mostly packaging or promo stuff.
Shoutout to for being the lucky 300th follower. Looking forward to some cornhole classics this summer.
lol... That blows. Fixing myself some #tea #manzanilla :)
Yes, I would expect a statement like that from people who have a vested interest in the status quo.
why did you call me
I wanna put my daughters ribbons on in my proud father voice nobody else
Can't wait to hear what you all come up with...sounds like a great event!
Thinking about different promotions for teams instead of individuals. I'm thinking jerseys, tape and pucks. any other suggestions???
I'll be happy as long as you're by my side ;) I'm not? Why is that? Unless you...
I been texting #oomf all day & the convo still good! That's that shit I like!
so you coming or what mama
austin i can't wait for you new song's #yee tht'a awesome i'm very happy (:
“: American Idol HANDS DOWN has better quality singers than The Voice. No questions asked.” yep
Whoeva thought sex aint betta than luv they lied...lol which do u choose sex or luv...be honest
My name is Jon.
thank you for the follow. I'm interested on your take on things.
ah okay. Do you think it's possible to do a pbl in 2 block classes for the end of this west Africa unit? This is w 9th graders
Now put the foundations under them.
Haven't heard much from Asian chapter on this. Moving there next week
Registration is open until 7 p.m. tonight. It will then reopen Wednesday morning at 7 a.m.
I hope OKC beats the hell out LA!
Being that the vs. Kane match will be on , WWE should allow him to bring out his Internet Championship ?
Totally crying watching Ben Hur.. Haven't seen it since I was a kid. What an amazing film!
i miss u, i miss ur hugs, and i still shed a tear every once in a while... i edited miley's song. its true, i miss ya.
Ready to head out to #Urban Ecology - let the candles light the way through the dark!
I know it's been a while but when did Felli Fel start playing house music on Power106?
We'll be blending from 12 to 6 today! Come by and pick up a new wardrobe!
when niggas tryna kick I think we gotta another week and a half before mib 3
thanks haha. And I know.
hey Noah!! fell in love with u wen i saw you on tv tdy. Ur gorg!will you b in NYC? Follow and mayb I cn hlp set up a meet n greet.
i sure did! We waited FOREVER! i had never seen it that bad... i had just arrived from China was looking forward to home!
its over lol
Omw To School.
Simplicity, carried to an extreme, becomes elegance (Jon Franklin) Damn, that's true!
I've been listening to for the past hour and a half..... I really like his songs (top of the world)
Wed trivia: What holds the record at 6,050 pounds? Answer at noon.
Giddy up! " : Back to the 70s tomorrow with some sun. Clouds gradually increase through the afternoon. Enjoy the weekend!”
Also: Mya "Free Fallin'"; Ice Cube/Mack 10 "Shd I Stay or Shd I Go," Gnarls Barkley "Gone Daddy Gone"
#signsofagoodnight you wake up drunk on your friends couch.
You'd better be the mayor!
I want a convertible
Thank you for the follow and for your support of the community!
SON. I'm SUPER PISSED. Then You Wanna Fucking DIP AFTER You Brought Up That Shit && I Get Mad!?! Way Too Piss Me Off && Just Leave -_-
I'm kind of a luddite when it comes to twitter. Never really know what to tweet about.
We're closed today and tomorrow! Come in Tuesday for some post-Christmas libations! Merry Christmas to all!
Jesus, me too.
Aw, thanks!
Sam - Hot Dean - Sexy which one should I choose?
Lil Boosie found not guilty? How?
i fixed it... lol
I like the easel town idea... could do big paper mural on side of room too!
The 2013 Cadillac #ATS was unveiled last week! Check it out at www.austincadillac.com
This will sound dumb, but what is FF and E?
Only Davidson failed me so far
The Walkie Talkie Radio; Uses In The Private And Commercial Spheres
RT : MLBDepthCharts RADIO today at 12:30PM PST. I already have a lot of questions but feel free to send more. Listen live:...
Big girls don't cry.
Get heard at today's Atlanta Teacher Town Hall with the hashtag #ednatatlanta. They'll be including some of your comments!
why aren't you here?
I hope I make it home before it storms! 💦💨⚡☔
I do not disagree that the gov is stuck in the dark ages and you are probably right that the DOE should give up control.
Celebrity Fit Club: u're almost HALF FAT!!
I really need to get a cat or something..
sleep well america, tom brady is on the good side!
Class act!! Wishing you and your family the best!!
We love it when Senators drop by the office to hang out!
Asking you all to keep my grand father in your thoughts as he is in the hospital.
She rollin weed and she don't even smoke
Great swim this morning - best pool in the city!
People in #Brookhaven - take #MARTA to Music Midtown this weekend!
Krispy Kreme donuts all over the break room but this girl has self control
got some free time today? head over to Peabody for the Friedheim Library book sale!
I accepted your friend request because you were nice to me in elementary school, not because I think you'll react well to political screeds.
That is pretty huge that is signed with
Yeah, man. I don't know how this is going to play out... I have such a crush on Instagram that I don't want anything to change it.
I was thinking: They say "an apple a day keeps the doctor away." I eat two everyday, so that probably causes cancer.
i loved #AlexMack! but i havent heard of the other 2.. i will look them up maybe i just dont remember them haha
. sounds like you should get some ointment for that
RT : Don't forget, tonight we're lucky enough to be playin ! On 7ish on the stage by Theatre 7 and Snicks!
hey alan! Is there suppose to be a video link in your last tweet? ~~~~rich
exactly! Giggs the player has 25 trophies but Giggs the playah? we will never know how many he scored.
Actually, "Somewhere Over The Rainbow" was a stunning moment on Idol
I'm kind of in the mood to do something, NOW. All week off
RT : Wearing skinny jeans when you know you far from skinny #thatsabadidea---- lmao
Chocolate milk, please!!!!
RT : BREAKING: earthquake aftershocks will be felt in the form of overtweeting and Twitter crash. Expect fail-whale...
its really hard to have a bluetooth keyboard with ipad
Thanks for the tweets yesterday from the Peace Corps event! We followed along!
Oh dear, a 30% off deal on #MedievalStudies books from ? My credit card cringes.
In the "zone": The task must have clear & immediate feedback. This helps negotiate any changing demands & allows u to adjust ur performance.
Lucky man!!
Just out of a great meeting!! Kelly from is one of the nicest ladies I've ever met and her gallery ain't bad either =)
yes, just replied
#AvrahamInfeld - Jews: confused if we are majority or minority - complex issue b/c we are both & should have understanding of both.
- The We-Vibe 3 is getting some great play on set today!
umm there should be something.. I'm using tweet bot app so it's different than yours.
Babi. Ray ray is on on this
My #Twitter username is changing from to That's right. It's my move to full time
#onlyskinnyppl have fans in there window in july
ok Aww I'm happy for you
Take away from eReader session: Get teachers to create their own material using open source.
Come down to Beer Co for the Friday night special: Free James lovin'.
Yesterday's high point: exchanging my grad cap for the "freakishly large head" model.
did they ever send you copies of Tessa Masterson ?
lolololol, don't you just love shit talkers? get a life , cunt.
Wenndy: "Why's it a 1st down if they pass the yellow line?" Courtney: "It's a magic line." "Oh, because we can see it & the players can't."
Wish i could see you this 15th ♥ :(
If you received a message from me stating "somebody is talking about u". Ignore it. I've been hacked.
it's a baking mystery! it's fabulous b/c w/ the jars, i can fit them all in my convection toaster oven -lisa
Great #brewers game tonight and great company!! <3 you beautiful! 9 more days!!!
Members Card Twins ML +175 (10 units)
things in my world looking Brighter everyday
Love casting AMW, the show that aired last night...resulted in a double CAPTURE today of 2 really BAD guys!!!!
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
Just watch my back , i got yo front .
Sad day at Trekk after sixteen years The Can-O-Death is full, & as far as we can tell the cleaning lady Threw it away! Farewell old friend.
Congrats to dallas lol wat r u going to do next...
Pedal Steel guitars ... That is all ...
“: get the Xbox an the game. Then the three of us shall conquer the cod world... Together.” winning!!
Whatever's meant to be will work out perfectly.
I might know one ... Yell if you want me to contact.
we should all go one day!
The extra hour felt really sweet this Monday morning!!
yeah I know ... Less than a month away. Putting together some plans?
Thanks I'll share with him!
how far along are u? :-)
tomorrow i go to austin ((;
If love is only physical its not Love
I don't dispute that "it's the going rate". Are voluntary transactions, set by buyers and sellers, okay in your view?
Darius in for a few words
you inspire me everyday with you brilliance style and zest. has a hug for u from me!
Anyone else feel like they're going to tear up when they watch the #smallbumpvideo ?
Where u from??
LIVE RIGHT NOW! MPHAZES AND MATT DIAMOND ON POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP-HOP LIVES!! ON DECK T SCOTT AND LOST OF THE COUNCIL PRODUCTIONS!
could be the biggest understatement of the year.
I really don't know he moved to Virginia I think
Hey you! Yeah you! No not you! The other one! No! You! Yes you! You! Yeah you! Follow back?(:
don't panic, I bet he's seen it.
Just a few hours away from
Gave my favorite senior her flowers & softball tonight for senior night... #tear #gonnamissher #loveher 😣😢💔
I miss my cat so much right now. That's like the only bad thing about staying the night at a friends.
BE MY DATE THIS CHRISTMAS EVE, BE MY HOLIDAY MY DREAM
Who's Want's To Talk?
Cool thanks! It helps me in my career to get press citations (good for C.V.) + I can share w/my department Thank you!
i have to agree with you. I love homemade food
Stick to the b-e-a-t
Just interviewed for the upcoming edition of the Chicago Citizen
I hate the smell of new dick
I still can't hear someone say "Niagra Falls" without immediately responding "Slowly I turned…"
Milkshakes for the next two days. This might get old.
Have you ever been to Siberia?
Groovy. I loved it, too.
One Strong Voice = Power
hm... Sounds like a story is in order??? I am struggling to keep up with both twitter n FB. Ive been choosing FB. :)
Jeff Suppan to start tomorrow against #Brewers - here's hoping Crew absolutely shellacks the big fella
She's the kind of teacher that should be president.
holding a shovel and staring upward.
was the first follower I got that I didn't know
I hate wen ppl change der moods in a matter of 2 secs
Screw You Revue was once again Wonderful. It takes such professionals to pull off that offensive humor in such a loving way.
15 ∞ Hunger Games or Titanic IB- Jason 
Yew just jealous.
my fav is ill communication
The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it.
Hearing that and are both there..
God has MORE for you!
I am very bad when you're not around ... But I get well when you come ... And I admire you forever you are my sun: *
What is LTE? 4G? What are the research problems & potential creative uses of this technology? speaks 2:30 School of Management
All I want for Valentine's day is a Yorkie! Is that too much to ask for??
homework time
- awesome, can't wait for launch and to get ourselves in. Much success!!!
:) back at ya, girl
Just was sitting here thinkin bout that song "Big girls dont cry" and started busting out laughing cuz big girls DONT cry, THEY EAT!...LMFAO
That was a surprise car battery change but now I think I'm ready for #alamw12. Well, at least able to get there.
is tired of rancid political neologisms.
POST-GRAD/PRE-WORK ADVICE: Get Faculty Recommendations; Take Entrance Exams (GMAT etc); Read "Young Fabulous & Broke"
our pleasure! Happy Holidays! Now how about a follow back?:)
How me and Genesis make it mad obvious when we steal from Save-a-lot and we still don't get caught >>>
what's up my boy
Seems unless one lives in NYC, one doesn't count. My daughter and many friends are in Maine -- no word in media from there.
"Put on some music ! I can't do this without music" lolololol crazy freakin hilarious moments :D
We are here at the HAUTEST show in Houston
El Dragon!!!!! Meta World Peace!!! Queensbridge is definitely in the house! #FEELINGYOU!!!
The only things you ever really have are the ones you hold inside your heart.
Star Wars Family Guy >>>
My Goal Today Is To get To Follow Me Or Notice Me!! I love You alex!
Very nice
Finding money in a pair of shorts that you haven't worn since last summer.
SUCK ON DEM NUTS, JOHAN.
Did you send the only copy of the tape to me? If so, I'll save it for Pearl and Nico to enjoy some day.
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Cliff Armstrong. Congratulations Cliff! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
RT Everyone please follow the new along with the CEO
We're open until 8 tonight and 10 to 3 tomorrow. Lots of great books in stock!
I can't eat.
I'm diggin how has been playin local artists like but let's get some and and rep the land all day
Listening is an attitude of the heart, a genuine desire to be with another which both attracts and heals. J. Isham
i wish i could come to ur show in NYC but i live in missouri if u have a show here ill b a first on to get a ticket!!
Sledding is still really fun.
“: Varies but I think in future it will be independent #custserv”. Seems more trustworthy from a consumer POV.
If God can't do it! In my "Italian voice" ay forget about it.
Reflecting on how God blessed me having my Mom for so many years, missing her terribly.Grateful and blessed 2 also be a Mother.Love 2 all
Taking tips & advice for my July trip to #ChiangMai, must-do's and must-see's needed please! tiger park? elephant camp?
WHAT IT DO TWITTER??? HOLLA AT UR GURL!!!! S/O to AL MY PEOPLE!!! LOVE YA'LL HOPE EVERYONE IS ON ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!
NYC will be back on the left coast this weekend w/ . Palm Springs bound baby!!!!! #BlatinoOasis bout to be a problem!!!!
PR-Squared's Social Media Tactics Series: PR & Edgework Via Facebook
I lol'd to your tweet about the paper thing..
yes, and good for you. Great design does its own marketing, to a healthy extent. :)
#pipa Remember when this trended for the other Middleton sister? trend downgrade...
so it sucks, but yea. how come you never talk to me in spanish haha?
to quote full house. HOW RUDE!
thanks 2 everyone who came out.so fun! is now changing a flat tire w all our gear in the car in the middle of bkln.. woot
the one time Cal is the nationally televised game and you're in Mex. Go Bears beat Puke.
I'm stealing all the notes in your instagram pic and posting them to pinterest.
i miss you grandpa <3
Talking Spanglish all the time!
Just got word we are going to dinner Thursday night after ur game !
Honestly, it's like you WANT me to steal your dog.
I temporarily changed voter reg from "Non-Partisan" to "Democrat" for the June primary... who wants to talk about that?
yeah dey got a cold ass bench squad!
Fog's lifing and it's looking like a perfect morning for a ride here in Monkton, less than 3 mos until
Excited to meet and learn with members of #NSMN #Chicago tonight!
Graduation was so amazing
is just getting started.
we wish we were on the whole tour too! So happy you enjoyed our set! Why didn't we get to chill?
BOOKING INFO/VERSES/BEATS/ETC: OR HIT AL2K AT 586-873-2357
Finally used CS5's Content-Aware feature for an actual project... WOW! Saved me hours of clone stamping!!!
Psshh, that's no big deal. You'll get in.
#ff - She has really helped me out a lot this week!
Twitter won't let me follow anyone bac sorry
I'll be right over!
Color corrections on Finding Hope today. Almost done....:)
ya rough morning but im good now thanks
#nowplaying Afterlife-Avenged Sevenfold
Sometimes I wish I could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end
That last joke has me cracking me up
Feng Shui Tip: To bring romance into your life place 9 pink peony flowers in your relationship corner! LOVE IS IN THE AIR!
if you can't get someone out of your head maybe there supposed to be there.
Ad design for a local transit line done. On to more inside news design.
anyone know of a good BASIC international comparison of #copyright law/issues? Time to move to the EU...
Met lots of nice people on the campaign trail this evening at the Ripley County Fair in Osgood.
What's the difference between and Superman? Nothing, They both save the day. Thanks for pinch hitting at CLV today!
Hey , you lose a bet or something? Or you been watching too much A-Team? What's with the haircut???
And they just got in trouble
All you girls who like him so much - you have no idea who he really is
I am at the point where I will not use a service that does not provide SSL to all paid users. Stop using basic security as an upsell point.
The next #HoyaRoundtables will be the first or second week of November! RT : when's the next one?
Source Studio's status: "I never tell my friends how I live. Instead, I simply set a positive example."
What motivates the leaders in their activities outside of work: Seeing a need, and meeting it. We have a calling.
let me know...i went to his show in madison over summerand it was hilarious
But thankfully the music was still playing so, all is good.
pretty good, you? And I gotta go so talk to ya later :)
Indeed! :D
Loyola's school year just ended, time to unwind with at tonight!
great to connect! Gotta Love #IMU !
try doing both :P
you go Mrs. Boss Lady!
Swag Swag Swag on lou chillin by the fire while Niall's eatin fondu Liam knows about you Harry knows about me so say hello to DJ Malik!!!
: I would #LOVE making a #Supradesignshoe with you...
#RainyDays..mak me tire'd/sad =(
Just finished reading this book, it was soo good. Transfer of power
hey erik
We agree! Thanks for the #FF love. <3
Done. I hope you get to take my money! ;)
Happy 100th Birthday Fenway Park! Son and I made trip from Louisville in 2001 for 2 night games. Did tour.
"Wayne's World, Wayne's World, party time. Sw-wing! RIP, Bodolai.
Thank you! RT : So nice hearing you speak today #IACPNYC Wonderful presentation w lots of take aways
anytime my friends!
I really enjoyed that film.
Local sports digest: San Jose State beats Stanford in baseball, sweeps season series
saw the YouTube video of you and Ashley Tisdale and Selena Gomez and BTR and fredo and y'all danced to call me maybe hhaa ...
Fuck what people say
Why is called tweeting wen it's spelled Twitter
love the video an the song. Keep up the great work!!
I cant see em coming down my eyes so i gotta make this song cry
The thought of summer >>
holy moly . i dont know how people love writing papers.
Thanks! Lots of cool apps out there use. :)
RT @ iamthatspigga "my smile is the reason your bitch is catchin them cold feet" - that video should be next man!
That food was good af tho
joel what are your 4 favorite colors?(:
Hey there, thanks so much for following!
no better way to start the day!!
. joins in Chicago! #nowplaying 'Anywhere'
I disagree. lol
got my oil changed , wasted my money putting oil in it last night lol
Ok lia I here you but I'm trying to ignore you your mother is thinking
It kills me to know that I'll never be able to tell you how much you mean to me.
Oh snap! Where'd 2 o'clock go?!?!?
hahaha when you got class?
Heading to Orlando, Florida and Sunset Beach, North Carolina this week. Speaking to the School Resource Officers
Let's run over and ask him for some advice on women's health issues. You know, since he's an expert.
Someone told me coconut water is great for a hangover!
plz follow me u probably wont but its worth a try:)
Azarmehr & Associates is a proud sponsor of !
Just having someone to sit wit and understand im hurting makes me feel better
I am getting ahead of myself...for some reason I was convinced that today is Thursday...
hah! that's impossible! keeping it chill never goes wrong!
I really don't like this dude Landry Fields...... He garbage as hell
I think you're one of the first to rock the "film" trading cards
sketchy ethics & badly etched positions = RT : Mitt as Etch-a-sketch. Perfect!
Make sure you look for their Video Producer tell him I've been telling you his secrets!
Wtf is up with the weather it's not winter still it's almost summer time and it's snowing
I'm Happy for my mommy ahahahaha..She Needed that yesterday =]
Could there be an awkward misfit human girl who creates a love triangle of paranormal romance? Nah, that would never sell.
Monday Night Opera HOORAY!
I've said nada. I don't get involved in other peoples biz. My life is complex enough.
The chances of you dying on the way to get your lottery tickets is greater than your chances of winning
let us know how it goes and good luck!
Im gonna take a nap!
perfect! Its thursday night!!
he's the nicest football player out there! I met him last week!!
Shout out to on the packed SuperCross AfterParty
I thought Id never say this but I miss the US :O
I maybe had ten minutes of class today
oh absolutely. That would have made Packer Nation Twitter meltdown...
Why is the work never finished?!?!? I just want to relax.
HEY! RT:: SOMEBODY SAY HEY!
I agree!
yeah, they thought he was a bear. An annoying bear. Who had to go.
Wow. We haven't had an actual fight on school campus in a long time.
#obamaFirsts - nobama now the first gay, Kenyan, anti-colonial, socialist president (via ) who banned Jumbo Snickers
Didnt really go anywhere today
Hey it has been a while how have you been?
Yeah, I don't do spotify. I know, I know. The future is whatever.
yeah we def could do that
I know the feeling...
Real talk: God's standards do not change just because people do not live up to them.
word up do it u ain't going to miss shit in jerseys
Sorry black people but the way I see it the Jews were the first ashy people.
My non-athletisicm and reliving memories of middle school bball nickname "d-man" isn't helping.
Get your Rockstar! Right now on the 2nd floor. Thanks,
hm there would be no world or everyone would be depressed
rondo still my boy..but that jacket was so last tuesday!
Love this. wade cheap ass RT : That's a GREAT no call...GREAT
you better
A boss's boss
Much appreciated! It was a lot of fun to put together.
#ebsco fail. There r LOTS of iPhones out there. Prolly not standard-issue PDAs for hospitals, but some drs might use.
The basketball court of #Oregon is one of the ugliest things I have ever seen. Seriously unwatchable!
watching truelife: im a newlywed. the oldest person on the show is 24. that is nuts
Interested in taking your music career to the next level? Contact AMPmilwaukee at
how tall are you? I might be interested
Looking for #Mother'sDay gifts, book a City Tour or shop at our Gift Shop for unique experiences!
dude gonna destroy welcome to mile high boi!!!
stretching and blow drying my hair at the same time
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I've been on a lot of first dates, and you take the cake. Seriously...please stop eating so much cake.
Ben-hur on !!! My grandpas fav movie
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
I've seen dirtier screens set by KG. O well.
Most improved organization -- !
brilliant, astute, challenging, refreshing as always.
Would Never Do That. Still Waitin On The Show N I Havnt Sent U Gear Cause I've Been Waitin On My SwagBands,Wanted to Get U 1
straight up son!
uses google+ Does anyone interact on #Google+ or do the people in my circles...
So apparently I'm a model today...Life as an event planner- you're always doing something new everyday~
i would never take the bus
Can't wait to see who hops on the lakers bandwagon to the finals after tonight -__-
You don't say a single word of the last two years, where you were or when you reached the frontier
we didn't have a Porchini's
We've provided hassle-free service to Ballard since 1960. Let us show you that buying a car CAN be a pleasant experience:...
I'm banning all of us from drinking till...thurs RT “: my Sunday Funday turned into a don't get out of bed kind of Monday :-\”
ZOMG look at the #Milwaukee today!
New cologne idea... Victory: The smell of America.
i wish i could hack you so that i could see what you say to other people about me.
Decisions decide your wealth.
Big win for and the over #Badgers big-man with 8 pts, 7 reb, 2 blks off the bench
okay that's so weird lolol
Mine is MIAlise :)
We service Detroit Metro Airport with transportation, as well as Flint Bishop, Windsor VIA-RAIL & airport, and more
If you lookin' for the main attraction , Just hold on tight and let me do my dance , c:
Playing a huge MTV Awards After Party on Sunday June 5th. Check facebook: Adam Sizemore Music for deets
Dropping off literature for Louise Davis of Interior Decisions. Are you a designer who would like some gorgeous brochures? Let us know!
Thanks ! Does anyone actually post what they ordered from you? For real?
AIA Akron #Canstruction 2012 Call for entries, sponsors, and volunteers going out tomorrow -June 1st Build Day, June 2nd Party
Dear Science, I am open to being considered for cloning. Said Jennifer Clone must be able to complete 50% of my to do list. Thank you.
I believe it's "in #college" love you goober ✌
Maybe he can get a pass and go in the locker room. Unless Bill King is running PR.
Dream. Be. Do! Your life is waiting for you~
Rip Joe Pa!
Hey, I'll call you now!
I feel that dude has become more gender neutral over the years, so yeah.
Wishing I could go to sleep but my muscles won't let me rest spasms aren't fun at all
I never understood how a girl could sleep with a guy and all his friends..
The sky looks crazyy
50 cent follow me please
#honored - thanks man
I need like $800 more for the #BelieveTour. Le wondering if anybody will let me borrow some money. If not I'm committing.
why be sad ab out that? They both look good
I dont believe so...
Don't let them fool you. It's the same liquid as MGD 64, they simply changed the label.
Ooh, that looks dark. I just one-clicked it after reading the 1st 3 reviews. Sometimes Amazon is too easy!
Kobe is going to work!
Spring Forward Festival was a blast! Rocking and ROLLing down the hill at Brompton with
You wanna know who's amazing and has an amazing smile? Read the first word again(:
i used :D sarcastiically, if guys use it they are 200% douche bags.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 4
I like that a lot. Thanks!
My ideal friday: Staying in with my best friend eating pizza and dancing with the radio on full blast :)
dude! You're coming to Greensboro?! What what?!
haha my life isn't all that great
im so proud of yu
#SomeWhereOutThere is a kid who's down on her knees praying hard up to God for a whopper with cheese.
I love when Taylor Swift's documentary is on E! <3
Dont froget this sunday Bad Girls Club will be hosting at the lounge im spinning make sure you come through
the message I woke up to >>>> thank you , you are the best girlfriend ever!
Thought for today: If we are what we do and we do nothing, then who are we?
Steelers!!! for sure what about U?
NOO. I wasn't! My eyes were super red because of my contacts!
FB isn't that bad and will at least load, the new MS loads slow and never takes you to the right page. It's crazy.
Getting 12 hours of sleep
#BackInElementary I was a happy child
We will look back on this time and the bigots will feel the retribution that the bigots of the 60s have felt.
That's the problem. An employee damages business prospects, the management is going to take action.
Wow those Stuggy's guys are workin' it (they own Rye too)
Thank you for the kind words Mark.
hey thanks for the invite! done, and done! :))
Oh right, it's Mother's Day...
Check Six's Syckness with a 2-0 extended series takes on RGNFuture, winner moves on to the champ bracket
These five hour energy shots really do work.
reach out to Steve pease. The good senator will probably send u a copy!
you have a TV, don't you? and you posted your score request online, lol. i hear the internet is good for finding information.
On another note.... I'm dying for fro-yo. But I'll settle for some apple slices.
Anyone else loving this live #MetGala stream? #Valentino and #SJP are a powerhouse duo.
also, come hear play in our living room on Sunday, May 27th at 7pm! I promise it will be lots of fun. and HILARIOUS.
happy birthday Nicole? The Chippendales were all booked so hopefully the pizza is a fair substitute.
The Trouble With Girl on
I like all this music imagery is using at #umwfa12 my inspiration: fela.
need to stop speedin, almost killed us & shit. lol
No way in hell I'm clicking on that photo!!!
Really great photo...
I haven't partied ina while...savin up for MY BDAY!!=P
the writer of the column had an apology to Manny. And he clarified too that all that was written in the column was his opinion.
Game 6 is tonight. I should be at the Amway Center right now. Ugh
Apparently I didn't get the memo that pregnant was the new black
This was a good game Clippers played a hard game
Just ran out of gummy bears as I'm doing homework, oh no.
thanks so much!
#HEAT need to pick it up that was a horrible quarter
I love y'all too :-)
Wow, it's been awhile. Boulderfest 2009 is coming July 24 25 26 @ the Wedge. Upwards of 30 bands over the 3 days and its FREE. See website.
The definition of the word !Beautiful does not involve the word skinny! JS!!
Finally joined !
