The Blue Note week w the Dizzy Gillespie Allstars was bliss! Now off to Singapore for a private engagement,then to Bonn w Kirk Lightsey trio
If you let me heres what Ill do . . Ill take care of you.
Too sweet to be sour too nice to be mean On the tough guy style I'm not too keen To try to change the world I will plot and scheme-MCA
Im tired of you ugh
wat up bro
I'm reading Insurgent by
undergrads are also worth triple points.
Loving the #DriveInMob It's feels like the Twitter version of MST3K #hilarious #Airport75 not so much
Come back on facebook!!
El Cajon council discussing the possibility of a "four-star hotel" opening near the (closed) East County Performing Arts Center
THANK YOU! We are going to kick this goal's backside!
did you have fun at #wcmia what parties did you go to?
man, i love i could sing a song to him and pet hi barber shop pole (; JUST KIDDING
This is all about to go down! Similar feelings to before running out in the Murray league under 17s grand final for the Cobram Tigers.
Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
Please welcome TheKidDazeLo to the Max life
Its crazy cuz he was still young... (43) >>RT : I hate hearing sad stories like this.....
Today, I am hoarding Dove chocolate to get me thru until Christmas.
>>>hahahahahahahhaha. I saying real fast.......#shescominInAHonda! (Me speaking in tongues!)
Yes, it is a blessing. did radio news in my first life/career.Feel so much better about what I'm doing now & more fun!
ALZM keeps going and going and going and ..... you get the picture.
LMFAOO! For real!
never been to one ever lol
Thank you. You must be so proud. You should follow if you dont already. Have a great weekend.
Rise N Grind everyone! Update tonight! Get stoked!
Wazzzzzzzzzz up w/ u girl?
Wife,Mother and one of americas brialliant actresses of our time...Keep the flame going :)
but if none of those work out, ill still play your album, on repeat, all day of my birthday, and pretend its real life
In 25 days school is over. Weird
lolz #sad imma need you to go grab some honey & tea asaperz :)
march madness is a perfect day to bust up the blazers, my sports head is about to explode
#single doesnt mean I'm looking for somebody.
cant help it
“: "Take a picture wit no filter #SoIKnowItsReal."”
que cute :') rt ": Just like gramma does :') rt JayYF_: when i try to hide 69Maryjanee 's boobies and fix her shirts :') >>>"
its too painfull its tragic but if i say itll hurt more :(..
As I get older, I just prefer to knit. - Tracey Ullman
I'm a reflection of the community. - Tupac Shakur
Anyone know where to get some free Disney tickets?
Salute to fa da follow I Preciate it my G!
Hahaha RT ": Sorry I haven't met one #Playmate that can actually #DJ - stick to the pole ladies"
#10beautifulpeopleifollow I can't narrow it down. They're all beautiful.
I'm Sofa King We Todd Did
M. Make me dinner.
Vivat Regina => Long live the queen
Making forts with my little sisters <3
Shots of reality
We are excited to attend this year's forum!
Thanks, but that's actually another Night Kitchen. They're in Pennsylvania.
I sit here and wonder if you’ll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
When you realize you hardly ever talk to your best friend anymore <<<<<<<
Florida st, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me #bracket busted
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge; Fools despise wisdom and instruction..
Well played RT Not to be outdone by the Yankees, the Sox plan to sign Johnny Pesky to a minor league deal later this afternoon.
Bulls’ Odds of Winning NBA Title Widen After Rose Tears Ligament - Businessweek The Chicago Bulls’ chances of capturing their first Natio
Penelope Cruz is/looks beautiful!
Meanwhile Cards got franchise QB, Rams a year wiser + more weapons for SB, and Seahawks win FA...
That sounds...stinky? Really though, what are those things stuffed with, anyway? THAT stuff probably smells weird.
omg stayed up almost all night and slept all day, havent done that since i was a teenager wow
Sorry there wasn't room when you arrived! The house was almost full when we arrived at 6 p.m.
Just gave away 20 copies of Bel Canto in three minutes flat. I love World Book Night!
I bought a Nook tablet!
ACS partners with libraries to hold events that demonstrate how the library supports faculty & student research "ACS On Campus"
#WhyShouldI care if you don't care...
how do you gift it?
story time. One time on a rollercoaster, I dropped my phone. Great story right?
The reason why sign spiners spin their sign is because if they don't they just look like terrible protesters.
ha, I dont hate it! Ive just played the hell out of Swoon/Carnavas recently, maybe I just need time away to appreciate it more.
May12th! I hope you can be there! #SEIPDX Let your people know!
barfing is good ab work, you're welcome
yeah! But how? Because I stay in Scotland. :(
i do that too but with my d**k,
My cousin smoked a #SuperBowl before that skrillex concert. Then proceeded to pretend he was having air sex with the robot from the jetsons.
Listening to 'Five Leaves Left' by and JPQ after getting the CD in the mail this morning. Gorgeous! Lovely packaging too.
Thanks for tweeting about the #PhDStudentPanel - I couldn't make it but like being able to hit the major points
you look beautiful
I don't wanna see One Life To Live go :(
Happy Birthday!!! How many candles were on your cake this year?
Listening to David Blight speak about the Civil War at the Freedom Center in Cincy...just another regular night.
Apple Cider Vinegar and beer are the household quick fix for damaged hair?
Reminder: Viewer's Choice Voting Ends at 12 (Noon) PM PST!!!
That is wonderful! Congratulations, Seth!
Bicycle injuries and deaths affect children and young people more often than any other age group. Wear a helmet.
does also follow your goth attire?
Rich! Whats good mane!
You guys are awesome! Can't wait to see the new show!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
If you have to print "Grown and Sexy", your party is neither the former nor the latter.
Headed to the game with !
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
Don't you fret my dear, this is WAR! 👿
thats good wat are you up to today
Just realized I can't DM you :) Shoot me an email thannan <at> ipcommerce <dot> com and I'll get you in touch with right folk.
RT : Jude1:25 To the only wise God and saviour, be glory and majesty, Dominion and Power, both now and ever, AMEN.'
Need to practice fire staff. It's really something for men, but I think it rocks. I've already got poi and fans down. Staff is an art.
I appreciate you being here for me in my Jason Statham crisis. New movie Safe coming out soon :)
dem dudes
now I remember the case you're observing. ugh.
Any chance youll still be in the Minneapolis area on Wednesday 12/14?
You laugh now but I know my Zombie Apocalypse Insurance from Zaico will come in handy.
thanks for the RT, Billy! See you at #2012tcc :)
Thanks for checking out our glossy #flooring!
thats what she said
I was joking too ;) I am great! Just back in the SharePoint grind...how are you?
Love the Profile Console feature on , really helps troubleshooting #ajax requests.
Reports: Peyton Manning negotiating contract with Broncos; could lead to trade of Tebow.
Feeling planny today but got nothin' to plan. Guess I'll just write an article instead.
bout to go z
Tami always talkin about where she came from. Ok but you're not there now get the fuck over it and grow from your past don't keep living it
Fell asleep on the floor of the union. Ultimate low. One more final and then comatose time.
Doc Rivers and Rajon Rondo are just so smart. That's how you close out a tight game
- please,. you don't want the boys hating us because we keep sending hate. It"s not right. I know we can be better than this! xx
Hey there. Enjoyed your comments at the art writers meetup earlier this week.
Ever thought about starring in a new Star Trek series with Geordi as captain?
heh heh. lets go. what position.
Kyle Korver is the new Lebron, well for tonight atleast. 2 Blocks?!
Goodnight everyone! Come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; White Walker! See you tomorrow!
yes you are! you are stunning! (: <33 x
oh OK I know the owner I have the #
nothing says summer like that.
Income investing is not simply about investing in companies with the highest dividends (in dollar figures). The more important gauge is the…
sorry if we haven't returned your call, we are experiencing crazy phone traffic. email us for faster response:
who's in the city cuh?
Good luck man RT: Gaucho's tuckered out from loading up. Which means it's time to go. Goodbye, Las Vegas, we'll truly miss you.
I mean the Twitterlove Fest...LOL!!!
i love you follow me or rt me or something please!!!!
Everything HALF OFF at our #etsy, #artfire, #zibbet shops & our website! On sale thru New Years Day.
I'm tweeting so much today. So this is what it feels like to be
I want to thank for supporting me. Just got a big job squared away from a client seeing me on the WM website.
interesting. mind sharing a few URLs so I could get an idea of what this looks like? Any words of caution or encouragement?
Sometimes I have split personalities
I have Lou lined up to be a shepherd, with Wykle as one of the three wise men.
thanks dude! :)
In football, the greatest satisfaction is winning when they say you can't.-- Robert Paul (same in business)
“ Yo Orlando is the spot right now, rappers performing at clubs plus the All Star weekend”
I want to thank Suzanne Koett, John Mulvany and Cherie Weaver for a beautiful show! It was great to work with y'all!
I smiled while the trainee took his money for me. I walked away saying a silent thanks to Grandma for smacking the douche out of us.
then yeah
LOVE!! Does Wonders!! SEXY DDUB!! iWANT in poster size;)
Obama returning to Gulf Coast this Friday. predicts that he will be on a boat and in the thick of it...let's see if they're right.
you're doing a great job at work lol thanks for my food!
good luck!
Thank you Milwaukee! We will continue to serve the best Indian food in Wisconsin, while making the changes our customers want!
Hey... Glad you made it.
OU Men basketball game thursday night at 7PM!!! Come support the Sooners!!
It's a mobile workforce in that you go where the jobs are. When you work with MN unions, MN workers will be the first hired.
We're camped outside Tennies Ace Hardware downtown
Happy Monday Buggies! We are hard at work getting closer to you! Happy trails and don't forget to taste outside the box! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
I got an iced white choc mocha anyway lol. I'm so selective with my frapp cravings :3
” The internet is like Esperanto—only different.” ~Brune
An 👽 got RT on my TL
Nathan Fletcher has some serious momentum cooking. SD's next great mayor and regional asset!
Procession of Faith right now at OITP - Mozart's "March of the Priests" leading them in. Slowly.
Good morning Houston! Friday is finally around the corner...what's everyone up to this weekend?
i started that one...but the one i wanted specifically right now is...the MissionHub one. :)
Flyers Eulogy was top notch.
RT Reagan won because he ran against Carter. Had he run unopposed he wld have lost – Mort Sahl
Omg...how funny. Its okay. Every place is not too exciting if you grow up there, but I love the country so who cares.
“: Have you photographed your #idea10badge yet? We'd like to create a Flickr set #idea10”
about what?
some 💰 ideas by noah
two... and i think this is an "on-the-side" project for them both.
I do this the majority of the time. Oh, they're making a movie out of it? I guess I don't need to read it.
My baby (now 17) crawled out of the apt, down the hall and up the fire stairs. It was her first time on steps.
OH YEAH!!!
yes! Dr. Doom is in the room.
What do you enjoy most about ? What can we do to make your experience better?
that sounds like a challenge! :-) Round 1: Angry Young Man - "He's proud of the scars and the battles he's lost..."
I wanna go swimming on this nice day
RT : OMG just remembered seeing Miike Snow tonight too. How could I forget. I LOVE
Dang! I havent been on twitter in forever!!!
OMG how? Are you serious?
I dunno, it could be. Hm.. I got like 5 different spirits asking me either "who is this" "who is that" or "who's there" O.o
of course
texting you now stfu
Motherf'er man
yes it does your just retarded and don't know how to use twitter
How are the sodas as a mixer for a cocktail? Noticeable difference?
#Ihateitwhen guys tell half-truths.
-_- bout to try an take a nap
yeah but ya play b ball like grandma rose . Lol
it only occurred to me later it was filming. rave woulda been cooler. looks like the architect was on...something.
Can't wait to see you in.. And we accidentally retweeted you twice!..
Hits!!!! Wats hood playboy
Thanks for book cover congrats!
I luuuuvvv spring break!
and it's not getting any better. It's so sad.
I hope that you've been spinning The Whole Love all day, because this is going to be ah-maze-ing Dec 9 can't come fast enough
Nimble's a brand new social CRM still in beta. Jon's the founder who also started (& later sold) GoldMine back in the day.
trying to do my job. sometimes is not easy :)
A Low-Cost Social Innovation Alternative to Arrest, Probation, and/or Incarceration is CAP -- Community Acceptance Program.
Brian Blackmore will present a paper to Am Acad Religion essentially saying my Elias Hicks findings offer a promise of "Queer futurity."
For a Twitter client? Echofon.
All you hoes still get no love all you can get is a fuck you get mad if ya want to you can kiss my white ass lol
lol we did
LOST 2 FOLLOWERS
What do you suggest we do as a country to improve the market place???
whoopensocker is just that, except the wonderful part.
#ThunderOverLouisville weather lookin better. AM clouds, PM sun. High 62. You two should come!
hahaha yeah right we love it. Sure do miss you though!
Hey what are your thoughts on Delonte West giving Gordon Hayward a wet willie?
Never got it, i checked ... blame hitler
in short, I loved both but found the original more profound. And the story is only half-complete w/o Smiley's People.
love you. Will be happy to join in your crusade.
Tech isn't a villain; it's a tool. But it can feed into mob mentalities. Ppl shouldn't take on the judge; judicial system should.
And good Monday to the rest of the Twitterverse, let the week's games begin.
Twitter rant over. Happy Lil 5/ April 20th to all
Just got down packaging some Love Crunch bars :) Tomorrow...post office, then get ready for another Chicago delivery this weekend!
Excited about the VA film festival! Going to see more films this weekend than I usually do.
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.
Teal, eggplant,burgundy, orange
Best response I've seen to the Romney bullying story: it can't be true because it violates the first law of robotics.
okay talk to u later
I was unaware you had the authority to take all my shit away & not allow me to talk to my own mother. Then hit me. You're only 18. Bitch.
I believe I'm capable of making some really good music!
I only knew one song! Lol RT : wish I was there! They are one of my favorites.
Safe travels to all of the #Amerks -
I'd 5-7 days is good. Enough time to hang with , catch a heat game, checkout some of the better restaurants, go to a meetup
shyt u saw me
judging a person does not define who they are.....it defines who you are - Marilyn Monroe
Also, isn't what tried to do like 5 years ago? Will a for-profit model succeed over mission-based?
Bought my STREB:Brave tickets way back in Sept bc I love that group but I had no idea that it was connected to that week's fest.
LOVIN ! U just killed it!
Hooray for Jan Maxwell on her Tony nomination for Best Leading Actress in !Thank you for your AF support...
Who picked #Ohio and #NCstate to reach the sweet 16? This guy!
Working on the lookbook for the new spring collection. It's something different, you guys, and it's SO exciting! Should be out next week!
#summerplans are ruined today cause its rainy and crappy :( wahhh
call me!!!
Skip Bayless: Questionable journalist. Horrible analyst.
true...I'm always cold anyway lol
~ Maybe you should do 1000 more! LOL.
Ignore last tweets, I was hacked!!!!
hey now, nothing wrong with that.
In flow/"the zone", the emotions are not just contained & channeled, but positive, energized, and aligned with the task at hand.
Don't count on your pacifism before your fists hatch.
It's wonderful to have a clear focus, genuine interest and actual programs for vets! Bravo!
day 20 of the heavy metals cleanse! my sciatic nerve is inflamed and clearing out toxins. hurts so bad i can hardly walk. woohoo!
My girlfriend Brandi mad at me cuzz I deleted a tweet about her ... Lmao who cares
Woke up to the sound of burps and the smell of eggs... 426 pride!
Oh, the flyers are at the nickelback concert? Please, someone jump on this. Two birds, one bomb.
I'm sorry but lesbians gross me out.
Morning practice yay!(:
my dad is concerned about the amount of drinking we did in Barcelona
Time to chipper up:)
nice. I say go for 45 minutes and see what they say.
the weeknd <3 new obsession "dedicated"
People are coming out of the woodwork to show their support for Baltimore Twestival. Thanks everyone - and keep it coming.
Didn't your mama ever tell you that fibbing is wrong? LOL. If those songs are posted, I can't find them.
Play Your own Mp4 Easily Along with Mp4 In order to Imovie Converter
awwwhh i do to !! i miss you sis :\
Totally agree with this John...Well said!
Working with this huge cramp
i freakin miss you bro
"Consuming wine in moderation daily will help people to die young as late as possible." ~ Dr Philip Norrie
I can't wait till I can have my site shut down for recording a cover song!
Sky with the great question, FTW.
haha nice, mine dropped a lot the last 6 matches or so -.-
Need some Vitamin D? would be the place to visit today!
no, I just don't get it
being more serours I'm here if you ever need some one to talk to :')x
you are welcome
The best band you signed while at Megaforce? (we have something in common...we both worked with Icon)
Avoiding wrinkles tip: Avoid the sun, except for early or late in the day for a few minutes, depending on where you live.
my mood seems to be adjusted by who i talk to in the mornins....
Working from home is bad for me. I can see how beautiful the day is. Makes me want to not be in here.
YES RT " A3 Tell me I'm going to experience a problem before I see it =good. Fix it before I feel it =great"
- miss you, too. you seem happy with your man. may God continue blessing you. love ya.
The COOLER SCOOTER is Now part of FLIPCUPS.com Products page
Good Sense
Bike ride home from the train station... Still steamy out.
Dear Newt: Thought we were done with open marriages in the WH when the Clintons left.
Either the rosefest is drawing a whole new demo or something else is happeming at the waterfront.
no he didnt..
Im hungry but I left my money at da crib.
Rest if you must but don't you dare quit.
NW; Bait Car
#TEDMEDgreatchallenges what do the buttons/pins with the challenge numbers on them look like? anybody got a pic?
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
We just read that for my book club! Did you know the author is from Austin?
Eleanor was the best Teaching Assistant I ever had, while doing undergrad at York. Set me on path for Queen's PhD 1999.
Does Marvin Lewis know you only get two of those red flags per game? What a terrible waste of both in the first half.
Both with a gigantic loss, and the fact that sudden, unexpected death is horribly triggering for me, cannot do anything in next cpl days.
I Understand...! You Are Most Welcome...We Are Here To Serve :)
My goodness, even the Oregon's band unis are sharp.
oh the irony of that tweet.
": Steven Spielberg produced 65 episodes of "Pinky and the Brain."" I used to love this show as a kid#:-)
How good does a female athlete have to be before we just call her an athlete? -Unknown
Texting my Bestfriend and some more people(: hmu ?
just in case? more like definitely. i'm still not completely sure i understand the rules...right
iPhones covered in hair spray.....
Cameras ready #movie #plies #ritz2 shout out all my ladys
RT : Meet Dr. Jerry Gordon - 2010 Virginia Person of the Year - at Breakfast with Millionaires. May 13 2011. Jerry is a...
no, I am single. But, me & #youknowwho are great. <3 .
We are glad you had a lovely afternoon at #winerev, could you choose a favorite wine?
awww Nialler. What's wrong blue eyes?
Yes it does.. And science is a process.. Not a thing...
Ah! #Bbfail, eWarning cannot be used during reading period because no classes are running...
I've read some stuff lately about the procedure that is VERY scary. If it was me, I'd pick the mask.
Mitsubishi Motors in the UK Chooses Incentivated to Build iPad App
I spend 2 hours walking around houston with just to get some symphony milk chocolate bars
thanks mark you're the man too
Went to #ChelseaMarket for my first time yesterday and it was AWESOME! Food, desserts, and clothes. What more could you ask for?
I missed my 8k tweet :(
Anytime the Smith brothers need ne thing, its done..
Haters start ya engines, I hear em' gearin up
HappyBirthday to the most funniest/gorgeous/everything twins in the world and ILOVEYOU
It isn't me and you are on!! :O
Thumbs Up RT New M. Ward album on a quiet afternoon = perfect.
Thanks Steven! cc:
must be a lebron fan
I thank you God for all you are! I am thankful for you everyday! I love you Jesus Christ!
It was great to have you! You did great!
Interested in writing bout for HuffPoNY. When does #54below officially open? Send DM
I said "hmm... I see a moment forming. A moment where you and me can change both our lives" he looked at me as if I was drunker than he was
I was following your friend but she didn't follow me back and she didn't help me gain is what I'm saying
Next Meeting: March 28 at Lot 117 "Video and Photos in Social Media" - Keep your eyes peeled for my info
Roger that, Range Boss!
I swear to god if someone "nudges" me ONE MORE TIME on Draw Something I will lose it
don't get me wrong, I am rooting for osu.
needs to come home nowww :)
what time is practice tomorrow? is it open to the public? anything I should know if I have never gone before?
Austin, can anyone tell me where the #ddp currently is? They're doing a terrible job of updating status!
I hate you lucky duck!
writing some blogs ... it's fun to write!
I was changing up my room and then BOOM it got dark
jennielle and I do a bit of back messaging during the chat to plan on the move!
Let me guess: the one negative was probably a bully his or herself. If so, that's really sad in my opinion.
THAT HAPPENED TO ME!
#Twitter is starting to be fkin gay. Every time I try to login it fks up. Twitter you are so lucky I can't stand #Facebook or I would be out
Checking out terrance Blanchard tomorrow w hell of a musician. Wrote some soundtracks for spike lee films
Even thou your hearts on da left side of your chest , when it comes to makin decisions its always RIGHT!<3
anytime. It's truly is amazing : )
Are you ready for the Spring Lucido Tacori Giveaway & Trunk Show? Stop by today til 6p, tomorrow til 5p
Ain't nothin to it but to do it...
Somebody done bit this bitch Burger than gave it to her.. lmmfao
Perfection: "...to combine the seasick physicality of hardcore punk with instrumentation beyond guitars and emotion *beyond* anger."
Yes I did a keek & posted it to FB & Twitter :)
Hahaha Love it!! So what can us #Wellers do for you for #TroyTuesday ?? :))
I had no idea ppl wld B going this crazy 4 the Missoni stuff! When I say nothing was on the shelves..it was lk a tornado hit.
1. that's not a pregnancy test, and 2. you're pissing on my flash drive
and what did you think of the HG movie?
HEALTHCARE:Home-Family-Job-Assets-Health Ins. Which one can take the others away from you? Buy your book!!! (TheProfitTrap) www.amazon.com
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. --Ayn Rand
Leaving today for a little Dollywood and backpacking in the Smoky Mountains, going off the grid for a bit. Hold down the fort for me?
Obama says he supports gay marriage... That's cool.
still sexy then and now!
I had a good time playing with the JCC. Fun gig.
I'm so lucky to have such an amazing boyfriend :))) <3 so understanding and caring.
thanks for the update. Police officer passed away perhaps?
Practicing my spanish at amigos supermarket
thanks for the opportunity!
Join us for Sunday night tunes & toons with Jed! 8pm EST on www.jedluckless.tv :)
All of a sudden you want to be in my good graces.
We look to help a population of young ex-offenders succeed!
Mahogany Productions Android App is pending in the Android Market and it should be available for download tomorrow.
Friends don't let friends use #godaddy. ;)
it will be ..the republican party has yet to show anyone else worth considering.
I can't ever just fall asleep. Although nighttime garbageman has come and gone.
It's a Janet Jackson kind of afternoon...."It's Janet, Miss Jackson if ya nasty!" WHO...okay I should start drinking now.
Eyoo. Its Yadi. I know this ain't FB, but here's yadi hackin jazmins twitter. xD This chick is amazing. I love you with all my heart jazz!
RIP Selena April 16, 1971 – March 31, 1995 We will always love you and never forget you <3 Dreaming of You <3 A legend in music <3
in this economy its probably like a nickels worth for a dime. Lol
Am i the only one who want the shoes kobe got on rite now
cool!! Is that Arabic? Awesome!
Have to find some of my old Smiths CDs.
cuz im. down to hit it up:) an thts really close:)
Ton of cute guys at park st. Station right now
Things are good! Catch up soon?
Excuse my language But those B*#ches on the TNT half time just refuse to give our Hawks any love. That's ok That's ok tho.
#MTVWEHATEYOU because you put so much pressure on us to be perfect.
Sounds fun.....not
FWM WE TRYNA GET INTO A STUDIO IN DALLAS, N WE NEEDS SOME COLLABS....WHATS UP
Doubling down on our watchdog commitment - Chicago Tribune
OH GOD I CAN'T STAND IT! GO !
oh so you got the skills on the Wii huh?
The silence in honor of Carl Beane is great, if only we could get Bobby V, Joe Buck, and Tim McCarver to do this forever.
Okay, I'm freaking excited for the afternoon trek to , but it'll be great to see Mi Suk Ahn again. She crafts a mean cocktail.
The US needs to move on from 21.
Thank you Melena for following. Have a fantastic weekend.
In fact, dear lady, I came here to find out what was going on. I rarely do twitter. Go to G+ I can send you an invite.
Incredible night w/Haskell Wexler, Rita Taggart and Dir Andy Davis @ screening of Stony Island. BRILLIANT piece of art & exceptional score!
Burned out playing games. Apple staff nice as always but the reality is it's a S L O W line at Uptown Apple.
Well if there were 3 of them, that would be weird
Fasho! I got you!
hi i exist.
#Whywelove #Taurus they love to get touchy feely -- Terry Nazon () so true
Actually, I'm a little tarnished today...Lord Voldemort compromised my FB again. May pull it down.
thats whats up… im def down to make moves
Dag yu gone fa a min ...
it was like 4 days xD
yer awesome! Other people just suck.
Shoutout to GO FOLLOW HER! She seems EXTREMLEY NICE and should talk to me more!! <333 (: GO FOLLOW
There is some kind of St. Patty's bar crawl going on at the Square. When did March become "let's get drunk" month?
they are currently blasting your footloose song on campus at asu right now..made my day bout 30x better.
Listening to at #whatsnextdc. Gets it more than any lawyer I've heard. Talking about getting legal on board first.
OH NO DUDE! I had mine taken off :/ I can't make puppies :( Thanks Lisa, I had a dream for a fam.
I already have 3x more followers than I have friends on Google+ lol
So many wonderful performances tonight already, but rooting for as always!!
"Riding with my top down listening to this Jesus music.."
Didnt really tweet much today.
next year... but she doesn't want to you know with her making new friends and all
let me know my dude i got you you need layers flyers i know how to run how a campaign
I'm revisiting #ZendFramework - looks like they've added some better documentation with the newly release v1.8.
We love
I'd text but I'm dead on my feet. Talk tomorrow? You guys are my drug!
Enjoy BC! RT Dead wifi stopped a productive day on way to Vancouver. Guess I'll have to read Thank You Economy
I'm definitely going to regret tweeting and texting during this.
I know :( tommorow for sure though! :)
Watching Blood and Wine w/ Maynard James Keenan of Tool. Great flick.
who needs those groupon wannabes in DC. I'm ready to rock.
and , Happy April Fools! Try not to get pranked (;
that depends, does the ugliness of it affect my grade?
o ? Ehhh not goin to class if I can't make it to my own class. TOTAL FAIL wahhhhh :(
omg McCrain it's so short! It looks good!!
Well sometimes I go out by myself and walk to Ben & Jerry's
Carl Schurz~ Our country right or wrong. When right to be kept right when wrong to be put right.
Female vocalists FTW! ;] - Jess
Looking for Alpha Phi Alpha members for an article I'm working on.
wifey & I saw the movie last night! Just awesome! Wash your hands next time ur b4 u touch somebody! LOL! Again Great job
Awesome both! I think I'll be learning lots more about this as my book goes into production. It is all fascinating.
nice! Gotta love the 90s music :)
thank you for this. I have been exposed to "reality" TV on vacation, and I was letting it get to me.
Happy Red Aids Day. Happy Birthday Bono? Oprah, why'd you have to go?
I just realized I'm going to be single for the rest of my life :)
If I don't make it to work tomorrow, it's b/c I just did a kettlebell workout for the first time. Dammit, work wellness assessment.
Tweet us your #hangover stories! Best one gets a RT and a FREE sample of Closing Time! ;)
makes sense to me. Where do presentation skills come in when selling ideas? Face to face.
hey, you said your Kristen Stewart. Why would you wanna look like her? I will never know
ok. I knew I tagged you on one of my posts... just wanted to CMA. And abt PM to Denver... Why don't you ask her yourself??
Matrox Announces Support for Adobe Creative Suite 6 Production Premium Software - Broadcast Newsroom
oh shit. I'm on a plane tivo'ng
Turn to you makes me cry everytime I listen to it <3 Why does this boy have to be so sweet and flawless?
Still hype over the #Sixers win!
lol and then you lost with them. Lucked up and beat me and then stole my team! Lol you're searching for an identity on NCAA lol!
I'm sure I could arrange a private concert.
oh i forgot the subsection - "except when idiots make 2 fake ian accts"
Nice seeing you, I liked your hair, ugly.
watching the documentary again just made me prouder than ever. It made me remember all the good memories, fangirling and all :')
Sitting in court, waiting ... The wheels of justice grind slowly.
Ah fall weather!
going to sleep after means you did your job, now if they get up and start talking on the phone you have a problem.
Very applicable, interesting social media conference- but haven't heard much mention of
Way to finish strong with SClub 7 and The Cardigans !!!
LOOOOOL whod oesnt think is pretty most pretty girl in the world <3 i love her I.aM.mE SO INSPIRING AHH
The one time can watch 's austream he doesn't :'(
Who knew Blessid Union of Souls was spelled like that?!
Thus far since joining twitter, #jenniferlovehewitt has had the most interesting things to say...
It seems like every Oscar show has at least 30 people on the memorial segment.
hilarious... Oddly enough though, I just realized they have a grammatical error on this picture. Oops!
5 contestants in the running in the Twitter contest. 2 contestants at the top. Will it be or ?
Returning to Ohio next year...who knows.
“: MY NEW YORK SHOW IS SOLD OUT!!:D Thanks so much guys!!!<33 I love you(:”
Ha, love it! Will give that one a try for sure.
Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive. Haters gonna hate!
The Secret of Happiness can be read in my 5 previous posts...
Honesty is the Best Policy, Just Ask Yahoo&#39;s CEO » Flip Traffic
Anyone go to the Buffet concert last night in C'Ville? Heard it was awesome.
Dinner break after 8 levels. Nothing is going my way. 14k. Avg is 3 times that.
Galvanized by #2011ASA. Great panelling, project planning & catching up w. friends. Screamed lungs out at 's book party.
same here, here, here lol
I thought it was 4!
I never received my acceptance letter to Hogwarts, so I'm leaving the Shire to become a Jedi! #nerdstatus(= this makes me entirely too happy
Had a good leg workout.
Essentially, a few people come in and share how they use technology. Then we give a chance for teens to share with us.
some good ideaz there!
I can tk 4 max to Bellevue
Happy Mothers' Day! I know some pretty great ones.
all of the above! Jon said any IPA that we can't get here.
I Hear Angels Singing! HA
CALL ME MAYBE BABY ;) BHAHAHAHAHHAHA HYPER!(:
Oh and nice argyle pockets on your baggies.
HEADS ARE GONNA ROLL Y'ALL!
Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary by Brandon Mull
same to you...have a great weekend!
What TV show would you MOST want to be on?
When somebody says they had no choice,they're lying people always have a choice.They just chose to take the easy way out..<3
Is anything im doing brand new?
Alright. Christmas is over. We can all go back to being assholes again.
We all have a really short friend named Gary
Thanks for the mothers day retweet! Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Blah RT : Training camps won't open on Oct 3 and the league canceled all preseason games scheduled from Oct 9 through Oct 15
already did.
Jen....I want to apologize for upsetting you. I dont like that your mad at me. Im sorry. Upset bad friend
I hate it when my mom thinks everything is so easy & then her stupid fuckn words that always get to me
Feel Asleep For Literally Two Minutes .
I wish jeydon wale followed me or read my thingy I were him but it's old lol you should go rea it it's In my faverites
BB, if Boyz II Men loses to Big Time Rush, MTV should just close their blog. Period. No questions asked.
well you still have time! It's not due till Friday!
"Who I was": common avoidance of "whom" "Whom I was": See, I can use "whom" "Who I was": I can use "whom" & know about predicate adjectives.
The may never lose again.
"Friend" is a strong word.
coffee ice creamm (y)
heyy have you checked out our music? We're to to Vegas, moved from Florida. Our new ep is up for free download on our page!
It's not fair
I need to buy more VS sweat pants
I wish was my best friend...
My first book- 'Conversations I recorded without them knowing.'
for some reason I can't open the link. Doesn't Fb have >500M?
Rocking out to Mister Heavenly's "Bronx Sniper". Find it free on Amazon.
And I'm not trying to bust your chops; you wouldn't have your résumé w/out a good head on your shoulders & passion for the game (:
LOL, Schaub continues practicing his running TD's... just in case.
When a girl ceases to blush, she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty. Gregory I
Can Dampier replace Matt Light on the #Patriots offensive line?
yeah me fucking you in the ass bitch!
Was feeling sorry for myself with an hour plus wait at the DMV until the guy next to me woke up and had overslept by 80...
right?! He's terrible
Nice! You could soon be Mayor there. LOL Enjoy Bill's talk.
from the neck down is good that head??? Not so much
Can't believe I missed that. Do y'all have other upcoming events?
In a hidden vault buried under the house with some creatures guarding it. No one's seeing those. RT: where's yours?? Lol
I'm Bea tweeting on behalf of a Bay Area emerging arts leader network
Gore: The average American watches telvision for 5 hours a day, and older Americans watch 7 hours a day.
"i think id miss you even if we had never met."
when your thinking gets in the way of your sleep <
Ah, that's why I couldn't find it. I had "A". Looking again...
Well. We tried to leave gator town early... But Carter lost his iPhone. And we had to circle back twice! Northward!
Starting physical therapy again today
Not yet. But keep your fingers crossed!
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include seeing your grandkids grow up. What motivates you?
no . But u must still go all out lol
here too. .
on ur computer u can
I always think these things won't mean anything to me. But then they happen. And then they do.
Anyone going to buy an iPad as a gift for someone for Xmas?
Two new batches of cold process soap curing: Tropical Fruit and Stargazer Lily. Ready to list in three weeks. Vegan, gentle, pretty!
Four more commitments to Lady Royals’ program announced
Getting ready to watch USA play Brazil in FIFA Confederations Cup. Go USA!
Overheard : "If you guys bought me teething rings, I'd totally chew on them." (cc )
aww me too, represent(;
I heard your interview on the heat sattelite radio station. I think you AMAZING haha #1 fan right hurr ;) <3
what time and which cluster? Lol
Life at any time can become difficult: life at any time can become easy. It all depends upon how one adjusts oneself to life.
#CLIPPERS Safe Travels.. Bring home the chip!!
He who lives by the crystal ball soon learns to eat ground glass. -Edgar R. Fiedler
because it was an improv field trip....
I think another issue is also the name. "John Carter" sounds like a Masterpiece Theatre #film. (on Mars! with monsters!)
Wow... that's a lot.
I would love to hear more about the conference! Thanks!
Today's projects: homemade roasted poblano sausage, bacon caramel corn, sweet tea vodka in fresh squeezed lemonade. Not a bad Saturday.
I miss you too!!!
Bubba freaking Watson
Happy #StarWars Day, everyone! May the 4th be with you. (stolen from a friend)
Woke up late ._.
become a fan on facebook King Of Fitteds
U just as dirty greasy.
swing by my office in waltham, we have a softball game this evening and could use some wings!
Stoked to try out my new windshield wipers. Too bad I live in Southern California and will never get the chance :(.
Couple A,B,C's, bad bitch double D's, poppin E, I don't give a F nigga told you I'mma G.
HE ALREADY DID HE'S WITH ME
Last Thursday photos wanted! Send them to us at
here we go again..
#The Top 5 Lies women tell "I'm Pregnant and its Yours lmaooo"
lmao man yeah
lol i was being a clown that day
Remember every situation has a bright side .. It just depends on your attitude and how you look at a situation
I'm going to be
Like I said to you (er to Jeffrey Dallas LOL) today, I am inspired by how you got started as well as your skill and tenacity.
And if you all are really really lucky, I'll break out the #aasl librarians at the conference haikus I wrote last Saturday.
in We Trust...all others must prove they're #BITW .
New #Nike spot #basketballneverstops is epic!!!
#mortgagenews What ’s Ahead For Mortgage Rates This Week : November 7, 2011 Mortgage markets improved last week as optimism fo
Glad to hear it. If you have questions, send them my way and I'll answer on my blog.
Just started reading NYT profile of Fascinating.
Thanks for the shout-out!
Brady is a consistent 20 ppg fantasy guy, no reason to it him against Jets, he'll do just fine
Your the best!
....I love this weather
tweeting random shiittttttttttt
It's crazy here Lots of things going on Can't wait to share with you guys but we'll give you a heads up soon :)
lucky banana. Hey do you know if they have physiology as a science class over there? :o
RT : Frustrated tweet
Everything always sounds worse at 5:30am besides, "I will make breakfast you sleep for another 4 hours"
“True love cannot be found where it truly does not exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does. ” William Shakespeare in the house!
Global tourism industry is double the size of car manufacturing and roughly 1/3 > chemical, says World Travel & Tourism Council.
yuup im down!
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's. - Martin H. Fischer
#Someday Justin will see my tweets to him and follow me back or retweet my tweets I'm never going to give up Justin <3<3<3<3<3
Such a politically correct answer. You're such a pro :)
RT : "Enjoy yourself. It's later than you think." ~Chinese Proverb
Good tip, saw cheapest tix there. Now I know why.
are you available in Illinois?
TWEET TWO!!!!! LA spirit baby....LA spirit
This Mikayla Girl..
Can't be there, but I could prob get y'all a table.
HOLY SHIT it's cold. What happened to out like a lamb??
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT TONIGHT be there at 6pm! NEW SERIES tonight 'OCCUPY all STREETS."
plus, I need to go retake my english placement.. I know it still cannot be the same.
SHERRY'S KITCHEN - We finally got a beautiful poster for the first season, designed by Suzanne Baranski.
RT : literally just preached amazing at #gcconf ! Cant wait til he comes to in vegas!!!!
I'm going to end up hurting the ones who are the closest to me, but I have to do this if I wanna be happy. Alone is what I have to be.
Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. Reports Technical Disclosure Review
Apple orchard =satisfaction
RT if you love BET and MTV
hey bro. doing fine?
Went #HAM at Lunch Today, which made my Nerves so Bad.
|★ATTENTION★| For all Photo Shoots contact ► everyone follow now ► For Music Videos contact
is Las Vegas today - Ballmer speech & Medialink CES Kickoff Event
Thanks buddy!
Compare & Read Reviews now Schlage LiNK Wireless Keypad ...
you have to follow me haha
is this for real
well u gotta come by the crib wen u make it in town so u can see yo godson
did Mr. Wigget do it??
got my taco bell. happy cinco de mayo to meeeeeh.
Do you ever have days when you think you could start a business counseling the salespeople who come in to pitch you on how to sell? Today!
#thatawkwardmoment When you're singing your favorite song & still mess the lyrics up..
Who wants join me in a class action suit against the city of Seattle for their 8pm parking zones? Hurts businesses and neighborhoods.
What shades of gray are you looking for? Charcoal Gray, Heather Gray?
it's not her birthday smart one
wow i'm a spammer bc I sent you 1 msg in reply to something u said? ok! Make your tweets private if you don't want replies
Love my KOOLAID PICKLES
No, do not take a job to retain your sanity.
I am thankful that I have such incredible parents.
I'm still not against taking a corner in the 1st. I wouldn't mind DT, CB, RB, LB, DE. Depending on the player of course.
eBay Bought DVD GPS Radio Gap Filler Installation on TOYOTA Highlander - gps car dvd players
Al Harrington...trying to scare Kobe Bryant with his own face mask.
Did you know this fact?! Every home purchased pumps an additional $60K back into the community?? For more news, check out my FB fan page :)
I don't wanna go to work!
Did anyone else IMMENSELY enjoy "the Format" back when they were making music?!?! (I'm always 2 years late to the party) #FUNgreattune!
o who is jehovah?
I've been waiting on God, and god has been waiting on me.
Big thanks to Strong Midwifery and the family maternity center. We feel very well taken care of here.
20 more minutes then im out of here.
You're still stuck? Good luck today! Get home soon. RT And another delayed flight. Joy.
You're welcome. It was a very good talk.
That moment when everything falls into place
Guys, I do NOT hate Kate. My iPod shut down while she tried calling me and she's just being a drama queen :p
hate you
#Retweet if you like freegive aways! Especially if there Giveaways!
fb chatting even though hes 20ft away from me.
it's slightly soapier and slightly sillier west wing
We Go Together Like Cocaine & Waffles.
What album have you heard recently that you can't stop listening to?
wonderful day!!!
Thanks, Plaid!
I need a new AVI
And the wheels fall off.
Feeling rather rough today. Cuddling my dog and a bottle of water while I curl up on the couch and watch chick flicks
take a shot for me.(:
I know. Cavs beat OKC, Irving is great, talk radio: are the Browns a bad team or the WORST TEAM, call in...
Why must we create a new website for EVERYTHING...
hello new followers ! make sure you follow us personaly too ! were and
A5 Moments of honesty, insight and humanity. There’s nothing more moving than hearing someone speak straight from their heart
Unscramble,Guess the song, True or False, Who said this? Any of those
Today on my bday, I just wanna run some errands....that actually is exciting to me lol
no your hot i just got the movie on dvd the directers cut even though i saw it in the theater 3 times!!
I love Comic-Con because being there makes me feel like I'm on Cloud Nine. Being there is a great experience & I love going every year
I cant wait for the show next week
All of the pretty bluebonnets make me think of my younger years; stopping on the side of the road and snapping a few pix!!
It's a lightly smoked sablefish mousse, wrapped in a chive sheet and topped with Ossetra caviar and a pain de mie crisp.
I swear I bowled a 114 last night... I swear
I hope you didn't forget your wallet.
Are you staying warm in this cold?? We have just what you need to feel better! Stop in and see us open till 9! :)
hey baron...sent you an email....
Are you ready for Summerfest? Who do you want to go see?
illicit flows
Tune In Today: Bill will be on to talk about the new book and the 8 steps of collaboration. You won’t want to miss this.
i describe twitter as mini-blogging. of course describing twitter to people who don't know what a blog is tough.
Love the photo of you & !
Anyone in the Madison area heard of or used General Purpose Movers? Thoughts?
You want the truth? I love you
On April 18, 1923, the first error committed by a Yankee was Babe Ruth. He dropped a fly ball in the 5th inning of the Yankees vs. Red Sox.
He who began a good work in you will perfect it until the day of Christ Jesus. -Philippians 1:6
love you beeb.
Ted Nugent Booted From Army Concert
What a terrible, terrible accident. I've never heard of one of those chambers blowing up like that, but w/ all that oxygen...
Holy moly! Have fun, you're gonna crush it for sure.
$500 dollars, down the drain!
Cannot believe that, with just a little more work, we will no longer have any wine left in boxes. Racks all around!
I leave town for a month and you write a new book??? That's awesome. Looking forward to it.
he's pretty solid right?
Serenity now!
Santorum said he "doesn't believe in an Internet where anything goes". Better Google his name to find out why...
when i get paaaaiiid
Yea I would be up anytime in the morning for your job ^^ Have fun!
the best feeling in the world; falling asleep in his arms watching a movie <3
": wins the Democratic primary for Lieutenant Governor!" a star dem for WI one day G-d willing. We need one.
Never really figured how to get value out of #AdobeBridge, would you mind sharing your contact sheet tip?
I love lunch time
I don't want a late practice.
Brennan sacked by Muldoon, but there's a flag.
I can't believe people are actually following me :) I'm so flattered!!
. I did. Love the Cinammon P! Saw something similar with Bombay East at Social Mixology's gig.
Me!!!! Lol “: I'm going to make tea, who wants?”
I give up xD
My Head Hurt So Bad :\
Everybody be safe out here!!!!! Ride for ur team....
Beautiful day for landscaping at Avenues.
Off out soon to do some photography at a Fancy Dress 40th Birthday Party!!
so super psyched
Traveling today...later gator
I know u're kidding, but need to interject that yesterday I interjected in a convo about meditation that LoL = restraint
Bard to take the hill tomorrow if the weather holds up. How do you think he will fare for the #BoSox?
Not sure yet! RT : Trying 2C when u will all be there RT still working on schedule
We put the "us" in "trust"
enjoying your comments via googledocs at #ntcamp !
I don't hate you, I've just lost all respect for you.
aw man!! at least i'm on the train now-- I'm stoked!
Dear Acer: You make some good-ass computers! But you need to dial it back on the smartpad sensitivity. It's fucking up my writing. Love, RMJ
Ah, sunshine! It's amazing how a little photosynthesis makes all the difference in a day. Soak up some Vitamin D today, people!
i want a follow!!! I love you <3 and im actually wayching u right now on tv lol , pleasseee:)
does the war still want to kill me? -k
Heading to Texas to see my colleagues in Houston and Dallas. Looking forward to conducting training programs for you!
Looks like "Hot Dog" Sanchez will be using Tebow as a bun for his wiener.
Tribe line-up set to tee off on this 9.09 ERA. Sounds like hits, sounds like runs.
do work son...
Very much yes. The ALA theme doesn't mesh with our marketing & it's Friday afternoon so...
That Algebra 2 test<
What a surprise. Security not explicitly called out in requirements means it was never a consideration.
I miss you!
What was your key takeaway from ?
Just got my bill and they gouged me with overage minutes with no warning [not happy] VERIZON....
Rock it out as always!
Not trolling, just reaching out to people who might be interested in visiting the exhibition! :)
its pretty
i don't think bobo really caught on.
Blood Drain Angel's Story get it #blooddrainbook #barnesandnoble #fiction #vampire retweet this plz
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. Mother Teresa
Thank you #AngelaCorey god bless u!! #TravyonMartin- he has been arrested! may ur soul hav comfort and RIP
What neighborhood in New York do you live in? And what is great about it?
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
Holy crap, my awesome sister is graduating college tomorrow
teaching style has nothing to do with charter vs. non.
Standard hip-hop bar has 9 words, mine has 30.
Too desperate? : (
I get home faded af everyday & straight knock out then wake up like at 12 wide awake . I gotta stop these habits -.-
All shirts should be Dri-FIT.
You're really bad at comebacks !
Close of business today and no LOI from hoops prospect Tank Mayberry. We're seeing if we can get more info on this situation.
you'll be having 1-hr straight moments a few times a week pretty soon
fuck my feelings right? I don't try to.
Do you and some chick named Stepanie have a problem or something? :o she goes to stephens >.<
not even their accessories? :)
I'm coming over cause I nearly froze this afternoon. Let's talk about shrinkage shall we!
Watching Seether, Shaun is like Kurt Cobain reincarnated. Everything about him is Kurt.
ooohhh the bengals almost come out with the win. lol
Thank you for meeting with us.
Two participants in the tasting guessed the wild card wine correctly...Detailed results coming up this week on the 'Zilla
Who ever said 'What you don't know can't hurt you' has got to be a complete total moron.
Lunch at BASIX CAFE with mom!!!
I'm so happy that NBC renewed Whitney!
Happy Thanksgiving !
*belly-laughs* I was in #bitchmode. Now i've switched gears to #buzzmode :)
“: Ex-Olympic swordsman who performed as Darth Vadar in 'Star Wars' light-saber scenes dies at 89" this is breaking news?!
#CommonTattoos Nautical Stars, Tribal Armbands, Black Cursive Chestpieces
Keep the air your baby breathes smoke-free - both to reduce risk of SIDS and for baby’s overall health (as well as your own)!
Free Ezell's chicken at work. Thank you ESPN you work above me on the 12th floor.
thx for rts ☆ “: ; Greetings! Thank you, for following. I appreciate it! Best Regards, ~Beannaichte'! Alicia O'Hara”
Before I hit the sheets, I'm sending a huge Happy Birthday wish to one of the most amazing ladies I know! Happy Birthday !!!
Headed to the auto show been a long time looking at the future garage lol!!!
Cookout... fun?
Yay! Positive, encouraging feedback in Music Cataloging. These are the days I love
turns out it wasn't cosplay, he didn't know who Haggar was!
Today we are excited to aquire the art work today!!!! thank you artists!!!!
RT : Guys always make girls cry, but if a girl can make a guy cry, she must really mean something to him.
Is that your excuse for not going? The bubble? Hm. :)
No. She thinks that person doesn't work for the Packers anymore, I haven't looked. Not all GBP empl. paid well.
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b! #sciencerocks #STEM this is what #scied needed
A Lean Marketing Revolution by John Errigo, has made the concept of marketing easy to understand in 40 pages.
Love checking out trending topics. :)
I felt it. Crap. This is last spring all over again.
RT cheers all from the Barossa! Busy w/ vintage!
and #BryceHarper is on
but you would like him back if he liked you?!
I don't think you have the right # I'm about to Dm you
Love wen bitches twitter fight;D
Actually, I have a great sense of humor. But some mocking just meant for public perception.
That would be really, really fun... And so useful! Alas, I cannot attend this year but will avidly be following.
Enjoying some BBQ w/ buy she's a vegetarian... More for me!
Hello Twitter World !!!
« me either Tiff»
Doing financial analysis on SKUL for a final. Judging from the scene in the library I'm recommending they move into the yoga pants market.
Wait until that money come in... all your friendships will end...
it's the atheist in you.
Loved seeing you on Sunday! Show is too short; more kids=bigger time slot! “: and mys
#tasteofdc is only 6 days away!! featuring wine tasting pavilion & The Wine Games with ! will you be there?!
im always carrying a poptart with me
hahah she didn't even know what it was until I said something
Fashion Star is really off to a good start. They just referred to H&M as a "juggernaut."
Pre-All Star Game the #Yankees .258 team BA was 9th highest in #mlb. Since then their .288 BA is
Tracking guitar today on six of my originals! (Don't worry-- I'm not playing!). I love recording.
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 26
by the way, my birthday is in December! I love to celebrate!
We have a truly special wine 4 you David Bruce Chardonnay w/flavors of lemon, apple, mango, bright acidity, minerals, cream & vanilla bean.
And get to Yayos Tacos at 5:45 pm to watch #NextGenerationRising perform an acoustic set
Even if the Lakers don't win tonight they need to beat up OKC somehow. Fresh legs = falling jumpshots. We're seeing that tonight.
don't forget that Reggie Wayne is going with Peyton and Denver has already signed Dallas Clark.
Thanks for the retweet of the Wired Campus piece. Would love your feedback on a demo.
I'm not seeing an image.
how much longer do we need to wait until we hear you play Cher Lloyd ? :-)
At Thompson Park in Arlington supporting Karl Warren for Arlington City Council, District 1, beautiful day for a picnic....
And I can only hope that Facebook meets the same fate as AOL.
You're welcome(: I'm glad I followed you, your stories always make me smile(:
it would have made a heck of a bonfire haha
This is stuff I need to cover on my album
I know god won't give you anything you can't handle. But hopefully things will be alright.
and Winning!
Throw out a RT if you'll be at our trunk show with tomorrow! 6-8pm Benson 410. Champagne's on us!
: WTH is all this candidate singing stuff? Its true Our election has officially turned in2 American [snip] idiots
Damn my throat hurts, but it's money for us
Good morning, all!
Hope everyone stayed safe during the storms! Looks like we are in the clear for the rest of the evening :)
Please bring me a ham sandwich. Just kidding. Enjoy #NationalTrainDay at
Thanks Matt!
Guy right behind me at a Starbucks - cashier: "what do you use on your mustache?" "oh, just basic mustache wax." .. Epic!
Nice guys do finish last, no lie!! & girls wonder why we turn into assholes lol
thanks girl! Samantha said hey!
Lilly said Coach Ditka has elf ears.
Convicted former SDPD cop Anthony Arevalos will be sentenced at 9 a.m. in dept. 37 of the HOJ.
no Justin Bieber
Thanks Jared.
Glad to have you. This is going to be a GREAT season, that's for sure!
I did paid close attention to Subway's ad during #ThePitch--a great commercial. The show is an advertiser's dream. Quite canny by AMC.
Soo, I wonder when I'm actually gonna start this sonnet.
And tonight it's Ommegang Keep the Glass Night at Tilted Kilt!!!
Support student autonomy. #savektru RT : how much do you think we could get for the MOB? you know, strip it for parts
More sem web use commercially than in academia.
I agree. I think it is because they are infused with self-righteousness and an air of superiority.
Naw im all good, I was back to zoning last night on xbox live. But I won't be able to drive to box arena for awhile.
Who did you hear that from?
its sick that someone can control a persons life this much. Roger should remove his salary for five years and see how it feels
Kind of jealous of the library with the three-letter OCLC abbrev "SHH."
Great first session of the future lab mentorship program with today, excited for the rest of the program!
Did anyone else notice in #GIRLS that Hannah is following 902 people and has 26 followers on Twitter? Protected account?
I knew Joe Jonas & Ashley Greene would break up eventually...
I wish had an rss feed for their blog.
it's tasty as fuck.!
Thank you for ending my search for the "most obnoxious sunglasses." It's a sick obsession.
The show is amazing and you're so Great! Can't wait for the next episode!
Wow just woke up slept 11 hrs...this shoot in the hot desert sun is kicking my ass! LOL
Cutting a Foot on an AgateWare Bowl
Wow, I had no idea that Kristen Stewart actually had fans.
still waiting for my skype lesson.
i fucks wit make a buck hard, and mf doom verse went hard and i like retarded fren but i didnt feel the beat
What along day. Sighs
Love the new song!!!
"AYYE LETS BLOW THE LOUD"..." I GOT MINE BITCH WHERE YOURS AT??"
S/O to my new friend
Now I need to find 1-2 days to sit back & kvell in all your rich new content. My #mw2012 PPT is short, but coming!
I know you miss DC!
Today is the National Day of Prayer. Whether you make it out to an event or not, please take time to pray for America. Romans 13:1-2
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 46
Realized the events of the next few weeks make me want to laugh, cry, and vomit simultaneously.
mine didnt want all that lol shes just finding 30 stupid things wrong right now
Tell ya mammy I said qood morninq ya heard meh
Hey follow me I know where i am going . . . I think.
Pussy on my lips. > I eat tha pussy up up up up up up up
y'all r behind
I just wish Tebow sucked as a Chief. We could use some wins.
Glad you enjoyed our photos!
I don't know but I like it!!! Follow E - she is :)
Somebody i dont really know should tweet me right now, anybody who reading this on they TL whats up??
Now following Seriously funny.
I have had the same problem with HSBC.
ugh! Almost done with my cleaning. YIKEYS!!!
I'm open to anything
#mona is not A if anything it's someone you'd never guess. I think Mona was hired to pretend to be A.
This is why we teach our kids the proper terminology. Last night my daughter announced she had to go drop the kids off at the pool.
My phones at 13% ):
Yucky day outside, today used to be a paid holiday for my company, not this year :( But one week from today i'll be in DC!.
I just found out that you had a SoundCloud last week. I literally have listened to nothing else since. :)
I'll post the online auction address this weekend.
Had Pho for dinner
I want the hamburger you posted on tumblr! YOU MADE ME HUNGRY. lol
Couch Park, it reminds me of the quad at UO. My new hangout spot on sunny days.
Thanks Annie! RT great video Alexa!
I love you, too <3
i'm volunteering @ a high school..very interesting listening in on the walkie talkie conversations...it's all good :)
I see any signs he's really straight... but still his words were like sugar, really sweet :) <3
Aleshia Dorst Happy Birthday!!!!!!!! This party is off the hook! Full house yo!
All work and no food ...
You are the perfect teacher, Josh--they're so lucky to have you!!
On our way to Davis Island for our morning session.
CD COMES OUT NOV 15TH! PICK IT UP!
Lol I'll be looking forward to that.
#happybirthdaytravisclark. If you had a time machine, what decade would you go to and want to live in?
Aw that's so sweet!!! Haha I'm really happy for you! He seems really nice! Lol and he's super cute!
Taco Surf best Mex in SD, breakfast burritos. konos @ pb pier, egg sandwich
Did you know Marilyn Monroe was a foster child?...
so i'm mowing the grass trying to hurry up and get it done and run out of gas...super
it's important we all take a moment and remember that pretty people have problems too
Memphis gon take game 7 but grizzlies I don't think will get past San Antonio
My brain holds 60% dance, 30% music, 10% miscellaneous
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 88
My my Mitch Daniels what a nice hairline you have
Wu Ting-Fang~ Education is like a double-edged sword. It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled.
i have a poem i wrote when i was 19. my mom destroyed a book of over 300 i wrote. poems have been a hobby since i was age 9.
YOU ARE AMAZING! Thank you so much for that. Seriously the best.<3
goodnight Chris jumping over the moon. :) thanks for your leads.
come and see the violence inherent in the system! help! help! I'm being oppressed!
It's crazy seeing Austin get more and more popular. But Im glad I can say ive been here since the beginning.
“ Frank Klopas complained to Fire FO and made the Cauldron take our banners down at a reserve game. Haha” so proud! Thats awesome
If I had an opportunity to reboot my business, I would start a larger PR agency. I'd have layers of assistants to keep people out of my face
studio session knockin out a smash!
Made my Momma some pancakes, bacon, and eggs!
"Same doesn't lead to different." re: people, places, & voices in evaluation -
Jan just mentioned Phil Ethington and Todd Presner
For a church to truly partner with families, family ministry can't merely be a department in the church.
Test posting: our Twitter client seems to be posting things twice for no good reason.
March showers bring April flowers?
Chicago Municipal Election Day Is February 22, 2011 We urge you to exercise your Chicago Citizen Empowerment. ChicagoCitizens.com/Candidates
We're building a global ent netwk fam friendly a one stop shop for all yo ent. needs.
No matter where you are, it's always the same story. Cops have ZERO respect for the people they supposedly "protect & serve"!
you know it! Hahaha All day & even more so lately since I stay home alot
Hurdled. Again. OUTS ARE YOUR MOST PRECIOUS RESOURCE, CLINT! Quit giving them up like a teenager on prom night.
well.. I'm always saying how much I like challenges. time to hop in the rat race and acquire some dead prezidnetz
Amie, angelic softness
Going to the tonight: Unanswered Question, 3 Places in New England, and some piece by Strauss.
You forgot burned popcorn
tonys game in a little :]
That earth quake is crazy. Never say never.
Mayor: even if there's a good reason for not making Fire Sttn 10 a restroom, there's a better reason for doing it anyways
Rebekah's hilarious typo of the day: "transhitstorical."
wat happened2Id b there4u no matter wat guess it just went down the toilet w/everything else u said bout our friendship I
i love your icon *-* <3
Classic song! geto boys mind playin tricks on me! that's what i'm listenin to. Hey chad im officially a patriots fan b/c of u sir
the men & the other women are both responsible. If either are incapable of controlling themselves, they need help
Shabbat Shalom! Join me tonight for live services. 7pm EST
it may be best for our relationship if I let be the mayor. ;)
Picking up good stuff at MD Entrepreneur's Expo, but the state needs to break its addiction to fed govm't contracts
I am so impressed with the housekeeping staff at the Hyatt in Cincy they are so attentive they will be getting a great Yelp review for sure!
Ppl who take 15mins to text back. <<<
OMBB, Our boyfriends, have the same name . <3
“: Watching the #RoseBowl and my nerves are frazzled. I like Oregon but want to see a big ten win"didnt figure u 4 a Midwest gal
I agree. Good for you!
I make a lot of experimental instrumentals, not just rap beats. Do you have any preferences or ideas on the vibe/style/genre?
OMFG REALLY!?!? What school do you go to? I go to Clark.
Listening to Country Grammar. Almost thought Nelly was clever enough to put a Pokemon reference in the song.
Yup. RT turn on rose or durant RT : when Lebron wins one what are all these people going to do with their lives?
my tl would be boring without and his rudeness(:
Just got your invite! I think LT and I are going to have to come!!
Thich Nhat Hanh has a wonderful saying, “Peace in ourselves, Peace in the world.”
I ate at the new one today m m good!! RT“: Excited that Chick-Fil-A's opening corresponds with my menstrual cycle”
no way, I live in hays for school.
whoa, leaving early...good luck bro! Is there a website to monitor your race?
WOW. Congrats, Caps! Well deserved.
# COLORBLINDFRIDAY!...wear it or tar it:)
Off to a 2 hour softball practice...
Keep Your Mind On Your Riches Baby, KEEP YOUR MIND ON YOUR RICHES!
I was really craving Hainan chicken (random) but #Savoy is closed tonight! :( Any suggestions for Sunday dinner in LA?
It is hard to be that smart.
Tomorrow ESPN will announce which 3 new international cities will host an X Games event beginning in 2013. The X Games have come a long way.
OPENING ALL OF HIS BIRTHDAY GIFTS = PHONE BEING BLOWN UP <3<3 HATERS DONT SWEAT US, ITS A MAHOMIE THING(;
Today might be what I like to call a "retarded" day
I'm a OG for GOD
should be on in an hour. Middle school dreams are about to come true.
I don't mind reading I wish I liked to read more but it's hard for me to find a book I can really get into.
*eye roll in unison*
Thank you for the #WW mentions
Was all hardworking yesterday only to find that everything was closed. Hope ya'll had a good day off. Hmph.
When people tell you what you did wrong and you attempt to fix it and they say "naw I got it"...don't complain then if you got it!!
That's awesome!
This #thatcamp #pmt brought o you by IKEA and LEGO
Need to jump all over NJ to start the 3rd period
Adrienne Bailon has a new TV show on Style starting June 3rd! I can't wait!
following! Great game by Dion and the #CUSE tonight! Happy to support!
LAUREN C shoots a beauty campaign for DERMSTORE today!
I tried to memorize all the French monarchs once, so I could stop googling them
We do. First, sleep.
Have fun you crazy bastards! Say ello to Harry for me!
I asked him if I could go away with him..Pack all my bags and just run away with him.
No Perk!
Good morning twitter, too much blood in my caffeine system, correcting that with some coffee , ricky tick ...
I can't wait until tonight!
Who says that?
Together let us run toward #freeandfair elections in Congo. Be a whistleblower for peace.
But, I'm most disappointed in the lack of customer service. #grouponfail #nmmagazinefail (6/6)
This is how we do it
I luv samsung phones
I really dont think you should expect to learn anything from this tweet... except that guy on #ancientaliens has one wierd doo..
#ABQ This sunday we'll be streaming live "Night at the Oscars" film industry party. so you can see all the behind the scenes stuff.
no good
no, you are just tripping.
2nite $4U CALL ITS ALL NITE ANY DRINK/SHOT
Its a good thing I am who I am. I would have been useless at anything else.
Seriously hate everyone!! I'm so done.
thanks, mate! hope to see you there.
Who says you can't teach an old cat new tricks: it's amazing how quickly kitty acquires a new way to subordinate me.
Listening to some Mary J. Sipping on that peach ciroc
Caught up on past episodes of #panam last week while on vaca. Ready with cocktail-bring on tonight's show!
FRI Dinner Dessert Special: Blackberry Cobbler with Brown Sugar Ice Cream
In 2011 you're still singing "we're so 2008." Really Black Eyed Peas?
my phone does that randomly all the time. I hate that.
RT They were painted a distinctive color to set them apart as fun, evocative figures that could be touched.
sanjina you can pick us up... Jk but seriously. Let's find someone who can drive that isn't at prom
sometimes it's hard to find like-minded people
a watched pot never boils...
RT : Happy Easter Tweeps. He is Risen!!! He has risen indeed!!!
whatcha doing in o-town?
......lifes too short for Bullsh*ting, get it right 2day, and be kind to others.......
Listen. React.
I need a #Tools #Programmer interested in working on an #MMO on the east coast.
Rock out under water with this coupon Code: GO BANANAS It is still waiting for love. $20 off
photographed U2 in Philadelphia. photos coming soon.
Filner says he has what all the candidates talk about, experience, new direction.
Morning Glory Coffeecake, Giant Blueberry Muffins, AND TOAST. Cinnamon Swirl or Eight Grain. Plus more, start your CoffeeFest in
remember the advice I just gave you, about F'ing the shit outta college for me, F someone else's college, LOL... Love you.
agreed very good
Do You have more month than money? Jobs 4 teachable, smiling, friendly net-workers. Possible 6 fig income. 360-217-7967 phone appointment.
Salutu! Friday greetings to my tweeps in the Corsican tongue.
