I was just way to close to getting attacked by my customers dog. My heart is beating so hard!
Going to the pool tomorrow ^__^
Putting out great brand new items at both stores! Got a great donation from a business, brand new stuff with price tags still on them!
can i ask u a question??? :D
Thanks for following all
determined to find more ancestors before hosting family reunion in May 2012 #orlando. need a #genealogy breakthrough...
thinks the people in the white coats need to bring their "A" game in order to win this hide and seek game we've been playing for years..
Congrats on your win today!!!
jordan writes songs.. i am aware.
first horse race I ever bet on
I hate how my friends are all like buying things and going shopping and I'm just like.. I have no money. Only in my card. Whatduhfuq.
They don't shut the fuck up and sit the fuck down!!
Oh bummer, we'll miss you!
Not who I would've drafted, but In Holmgren We Trust. I have faith in the Schwartz.
That is why I am on a long hiatus, girlfriend. LONG. I call it: Dishwashing my vag.
If you're using Chrome and Wikipedia is blue, go to View->Actual Size
Thanks Joe - Hope to see you out there and feel free to tweet us for a ride!
If you don't like you, the rest of us can't either
Merry Christmas Eve! Very excited for my husband's beef tenderloin in the rotisserie for Christmas Eve dinner tonight!
I LIKED 'Jeepers Creepers'!
Need a lunch recommendation for #lunch today in #seattle. Caphill/madison area preferable.
Damn then you beat me lol. Jeese what's next. There's too many social sites!
"I shouldn't be jealous... you aren't even mine!".
One receiving whale still awake. For now.
Pacman on mine :D
I am against Marriage period! Forever and ever, 68% of marriges end in divorce. I love you so much I want the govt involved in our love.
Something smells delicious but it is not coming from my apartment. and now I'm sad. and hungry. Sad and hungry.
Yes what a great weekend!! Rangers are headed to the World Series!! Had a great time with friends last night & football today .. Wooot <3
ride freestyle is dope
RAID THE CELLAR! Half off select reserve bottles on Sundays!
fo' sho. Given that I'm giving a talk on social media in a few days I opted to 86 it. I have enough problems. Good song though.
Waiting on Kobe for his post-game press conference.
don't cut it. Don't listen to the #dirtyrager lololol
blah its boring
Lakers should've won but they blew it. Stomach cramps all damn day. And now this shit. Just a bad day all around for me! Ugh!
out here, probably
": “: "17 Byron Nelson on Friday. Thought I won car~no dice #weekendonly :(" felt worse for ur caddie.. ;)
“ Fwd: Follow the KOKO Dennis Show today on Twitter or We follow back.”
#Mariners beat the #Tigers 3-2. M's scored all 3 runs in the 9th inning. John Jaso sac-fly RBI was the game-winner.
Missing it just isnt the same without you.:(
oh my god I'm literally crying holy omg my beautiful baby holy balls
She looks better than Beyonce, Alicia Keys Halle Berry, Miss Jolie, where’s she from? No I.D That girl’s an alien
oh. thats cool!
Hello Everyone!!!!!!! Young Trade Unionists Meeting tonight 7pm
☐ Single ☐ Taken ☑ God is still writing my love story.
my mission is to find more videos and watch them. I need more laughter in my life..
hey Sandy, thanks for the follow!
“: If walls could talk. Oh lord” pussy?!? Nah, he masterbated.....
RT says never believe what somebody tells you until you first verify that they are less of an asshole than you.
. Thanks so much for your #AD4MH tweets!
but I say that only based on lackey's outing today...lester at his best can do that almost every start.
exactly- it'll be a real achievement when it's learned! But in the mean time- the liquor store is calling haha.
yes but the only reason why i corrected you was bcuz you made it look like a run on sentence and it confused me lol
Not true. We're ALL dancing to the tune that we hear emanating from the pages of 100 year old
I like to send a SPECIAL SUPER TWEET TO ROBERT REICH, the author of AFTERSHOCK. He put it out there this morning in the DAILEY KOS. NLD Mom
There is nothing that I can't accomplish with proper preparation
break is flying by fast...i hate this.
I was so impressed! Ive been trying to get that off for weeks!
ya from your profile pic you definitely know what u want lol!
If you love sushi you need to stop at Kabuki in KOP and have lunch. 11-3
Notes from the Bmesh lagoon: stop selecting two tris and attempting quad conversion. Instead, select the mid edge and delete->dissolve
Since I've been in the hospital i haven't has my favorite things in the world... My puppy Martin! Beer! And Sex! I miss them :/
Latif: A Very Big Deal
Will be hotel hopping, pool hoppin, bar hoppin...Just to start:-))
almost 1,600 likes!? amazing!! xo
can this cunt be anymore stupider ! smfh . you NEED help .
Just cussed out an 80+ year old man on the road for not driving right. Now I feel like a dick.
lol on that's fine I'm about 87% sure I can take you
Every once in awhile something happens that makes me think that everything happens for a reason. Had a bad health scare today. I love ya'll.
Haven't checked it out, but will now. I forgot to thank you for the link you suggested 2 weeks ago - thanks!
Taking this test is stupid
I've been meaning to get to one of those!
IDGAF ABOUT THESE 2 HOES IN GREEN DRESS SINGING LIKE SHIT I FUCKING WANT JUSTIN.
I love listening to Tom Hamilton. We are so spoiled with our announcers.
“: okay nigga we understand your watching the game lol” lmao
girl it ain't nothin to do tonight anyway lol
Apporximately 80% of my regrets involve hitting "send"
Congrats! Great reading.RT : #POCGenealogyThe Family Griot Blog has finally reached 10,000 views.THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!
The Muppets!
bottom floor of my house. It is beyond creepy.
They're not all pure platforms. Even if they were, platforms can't survive without content.
what's there to save.. how bout we master something better, ohh wait. There's that cruise line liberty or something ..
Tipsy and listening to Young the Giant.
I am all for packer season too but its time for March Madness!!!!
aye cole
We gotta set up conference Call wit <<
I'll be the the dude beefin it up hard AF
Um...ok I think ms Daniela is gonna need a Rita after that late news!
how have you been aly?
is it possible to change the login name with one's account?
do you have posters and articles about in the new article???? :)
Character and competence are about our capacity, skill, and knowledge to execute higher principles and purposes.
LMAO!! Awesome! He is the dominate one over our Pitty/Rottie mix lol!
Come 5 o'clock ima get up wash my hair, clean then do my homework
I'm so sorry to hear that. I've already told my dog that she has to outlive me.
love u Candice
follow and retweet to grow followers fast and read tweets for earn money programs and marketing tips.
me TOOW FDJSNKFN I WAS JUST GONNA TWEET YOU SAYING "ITS HOPPUS'S LIFE IN A TEXT POST" FKDSNFDKJS
I think UNC #1 seed was already a lock.
Marty likes to party!!!!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 275
3 methods of learning wisdom; 1 by reflection, which is noblest 2 by intimidation, which is easiest 3 by experience, which is bitterest
Knocked it out of the park RT : & of now discussing student engagement at
The past is behind you forget it. God has a brighter and happier future ahead!!!!!!
yeah datz right. Yo car better smell like that all da time ;)
Didn't Rickie used to wear a big pad on the back of his left hand? If it wasn't Rickie, who was it on the team?
I AM OFFICIALLY RETURNED TO TWITTER :)
My supervisor is a twerp.
Always good catching up with masters at work. Had drinks with #charlypalmer in Harlem.
RIM Faces Class Action Lawsuit Thanks To BlackBerry Outage
and positive association between appearance orientation and social self-efficacy.
All these pretty little girls come and flock to me , cause I ride that beat.
Guy hip checks Jones out of bounds no call.
maybe riding out this storm on the 31st floor in Tribeca was not the greatest idea...be safe eveyone!
🚀🚀🚀🚀SPACESHIPS BITCHES🚀🚀🚀🚀 #moolaboys TO THE TRADEWINDS I GO❕❕❕
ive been ending my nights with a very bad mood lately ....
I know
Knowing you're loosing someone and just having to sit back and not care.
my mom is HILARIOUS
id kill for this project to be over already. so. much. stress!!!!!!!!!
I don't even know. I give up on wishing and hoping. It keeps leading to one disappointment after another.
RT Ilitch: Giving back is the 6th core value, no matter your success, give back civically to your local community
Grrrr why are the TRADER JOE'S employees at Sunset & Poinsettia so clueless? The whole lot of em? "where is yr cold coconut water?" duh?!?!
I can think of no logical reason #UK won't play #IU on campus. Does anyone think this makes sense?
did you decide on plans Saturday leprechaun???
I'm gonna mess around and miss my stop.
Thanks for the kind words this morning :)
Was told that I scored 100% on the pub quiz - didn't have the heart to break it to em that I never took it.
Definitely not this one. LOL!! Are you home now?
I've been saying this for months! There's something going on here that they're not telling us.
Thank you to all the people that are praying for Alexis. You guys are amazing. Thanks for all your support. I love each and every one of you
It's a white lady in North side walking a wolf
I think may have gone too far with the live tweeting of the Panda insemination. Makes me long for baby pictures
yup, and something about a bearded man running is just inherently funny
Lol can't beat King James :) RT : me and Lebron have your back;)
#DO WE REALLY KNOW THE RIGHT TO EAT
In time.
Aww! I miss you too! Are you working at Foundation Saturday night?
yeah that was my thought when I picked him
I wish I had some nutella right now...
Birthday suit -
big earth small world tiny art
It's the reverse actually. Cal offered to play both games in Indy. But Schrute was too sceered!
Hey Steven, you too!
The best advice: Never do anything you don't want to explain to the paramedics or in the ER.
GOING TO THE DARK SIDE OF THE Moon...Light 1 up...You Cummn?? KETCH UP
Side A: Everything should be free! SOPA = the devil! Side B: Free Internet proponents are commie terrorists! Rock & hard place.
On this episode of "The World's Next Great Accountant"...
Hello, everyone, when does the party start? TREH
Anyone know where Noah parked his ark? I may need it to get home this afternoon after school.
Attending a party, on your former wedding anniversary, in your wedding dress... bad idea?
Albert Fall accepted some bribes for lands at #TeapotDome and just lived off the riches.
lmfaoo im gonna come up w a nickname for u!
Get me a ticket
A leader sets a vision, defines what we aspire to and how we will get there.
So, its now official, the UK at Eurovision this year will be represented by... ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK!!!!!! #PleaseReleaseMe!
An adventure is only an inconvenience, rightly considered. – G.K. Chesterton
Long day at work. Sleep time 💤
Eating a light meal with some fruits allows us to sleep well. A good night sleep strengthens our brainpower.
“: Holy shitballs. They have it. US airways you have my heart forever and ever.”
not that we're biased or anything ;)
#NW My Soul To Take
You're so sweet, we're blessed and lucky to call you our friend.
finally downloaded TweetDeck!
Widespread panic is going off in the ATX
oh you know, just hiding from everyone.
#OSCARS Loved Adam Sandler's thoughts on great movies
Habitat 4 Humanity meeting has changed rooms. Still in the Admin but in room 312!!! ReTweet Now!!! See ya in a hour
On this day in 1867, the first stock ticker debuted, allowing the instant stock pricing that now makes the stock exchange so full of numbers
": Headache , scalp bleeding & raging hormones . Tf is going on with me ?"you're on your period ctfu.
rollercoaster of emotions - gain/loss, pain/pleasure - internal weather patterns - energy fields moving through us, learn from them
I hope I find some peace today It seems I've gone away It seems I've lost myself ... It seems I've Shed my skin
if my last name was virgin... Oh no no no I would change it for good
got a new box so host all day people dont even know what hit em
Free Tupac's Hologram
…drinking warm sake.
Wow wht do i see let's go Yankees (Posada triple)
Four for you, Glen Coco. YOU GO GLEN COCO!! :D
wonder to myself why do I have 5 yes of saved and then I happen upon this. I just love And you too!
#ThisSummer Is gonna be fuckn amazing
Got a 2mile run in with Lucy earlier. Figured it wasn't a good idea around a mile in. Had to cut short. Better than nothin I suppose.
Do we all get our yearbooks today or just seniors?
I'd like to own a Porsche Carerra GT but I'd love a friend who had an M5. Oh wait, I think I do... !
These $8 skittles sure are good!
Congratulations!! That's a great age
Tonight, Jabberwocky at 6 p.m. featuring stories of travel, IndyFringe Theatre, 719 E. St. Clair St, FREE with food and cash bar.
I want you to learn your lesson.
So the long week is over, thankfully. 1st order of business this weekend is to get some R&R in. :)
7-10-85 Shreveport 10 days later Snowman project ends. Dutch Mantell uses "shoebaby" to win Mid South TV title.
Happy Valentine's Day Friends!! You are Loved...
who is she account? And about what
Terra firma philadelphia!
Oh I wish :/ was it fun?
In search of book reviewers - trisefbook.com Please retweet, thanks!
Big black limo now between press area, spectators and stairs. No hand shaking in the crowd for sure
We ready for Denver, #SteelerNation??? Get your #YouKnowWhatItIs shirt for the playoffs at www.24Infinity.com
It's the return of Gold Coast's Finest to the Gold Coast
Yes! Thank you!
Who wants to help me with this one? Just found out my old elementary Cabello in Union City is now for special ED's childrens disabilities.
#Watching Teen Titans!(:
That's why it's a "best possible" If we hit 68 we'd have the shield. And playing in the East should help us....should
Drinking grapefruit juice straight from the carton is the only way I know how to live.
Attorneys File Suit to Stop Occupy Madison Eviction - Homeless group on East Wash. are supposed to leave the area April 30.
I'm supposed to meet Nick Mara tomorrow but no we hav a fucken hurricane!!!!! Fml
If we can keep this momentum going into the playoffs we could go far!
Matt Lauer spoof of commercial on display
For those who fucks wit me keep yall eyes open for the all new DJ KENZO mixtape "Before The Airwaves Vol. 1"
Nice alley oop by Scoop and Melo with the finish!
#Mariners got em right where they want em (top of the ninth, down by 3)
Don’t be specific in your acting. Chances are the scripts sucks, so just go ahead and suck too.
I always wanna post some sexual ass shit, then i stop myself.
Are you following me?
Congrats!! : I'm looking at a Page 1 proof of next Monday's issue, closing out SBJ's 14th year of publishing.
“: Catered lunch from Yum!” thanks!
The wait outside was a little rough but once we got in, everybody seemed to have a good time. Hope you did too!
yeah, B'More 2010. I'm the Sue L regional finalist in B'More. Awesome stuff I saw from your vid. Congrats on moving on.
Be who you are and be that well.  St. Frances de Sales
Now, the politics of opera? That's fascinating!
Seeing my bestie tomorrow 😂👍
1st Fridays at from 7-10pm. Music workshop and performance. All ages welcome. Sounds like fun!
Wis. elections board says recall election against Sen. Van Wanggaard of Racine may be scheduled
I saw an interesting slogan on a T shirt...."Gay is the new Black". What do you think about that?
RT In AC ..first time eating here it's so good. The margaritas and guacamole are amaze FYI
I'm her biggest fan!!! Thanks!
RT : Young kids should honestly watch Aaron Craft on defensive end. Not blessed with all physical tools, but effort-- dudes quick
Yes, it's my old stomping grounds,my old friend, Jackson Hole Wyoming!
Daytime #drupalcon sessions shouldn't be a huge security issue... staying safe at night in Croydon will be the real concern.
He is ignoring me??....
WHAA? I'd be down but have plans. Send me donut pictures!
Our new monthly email is coming out in a few days. Go to georgewatts.com &signup for our mailing list to receive exclusive discounts!
I never mentioned you. -.- Lol, So why qet so Mad??. It was just a quote, That's all. O.o (:
I'm letting her go.... For good
ITS SNOWING
& have a good day at school loves (:
Still awake. The consequence of sleeping until noon then taking a nap.
"I love purging bullshit" - (while packing my kitchen)
i find it incredibly convenient how the profile of every shitty, cynical, nobody on twitter happens to describe its user as "conservative."
Happy happy birthday to !!
Rise of the planet of the apes starts today. You have got to go and see it!!
Great deals this weekend. Inquire @ 360.696.0411 Close N. Portland & Columbia River. Bring your boat and trailer, plenty of parking.
best news of the day. Thank you.
Only in Tom Cruise movies
HaHa! I can picture it!
No, that would have been funny muahahaha, it just makes me angry when people walk in the middle of the sidewalk!!!
That's the truth! RT : a gentle reminder. Often those who know, don't speak and those who speak don't know :)
Can you say censorship and total disregard for the first amendment?
eatin ramen on way to soccer (;;((
What's this? showed some nip tonight? I knew I should be watching
lol well heres where i tease your other head hehehehe... cumm see me alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com ill sneak off with u
Grocery shopping done, going to hit the gym for a quick run and then a late dinner.
what about New Girl? Not enough dr-a-ma? Maybe in season two.
Confucius Say...Virgin like balloon one prick all gone.
Would you give me up?
Why are you sleeping on Young MC??
and you shall receive nothing less!
Chin up,brother. Kim & Kanye prob won't work out RT a popular hip hop artist is actually responsible for some of my stress today.
Never lol ": Just a puzzling move for the #Browns. When are they taking a receiver? 2013?"
Think about this people: Mega Millions jackpot is at $640 million, or large enough to give all 313,273,009 U.S. residents like $2.04.
Breaking News! Tom Brady benched! Drew Bledsoe back in charge!
_ill be gettin gettin my tan on in the sunshine state...have a few for me. Whiskey old fashion.
I'm in a New York State Of Mind.
RT : Joe Squared's Irish pizza, with corned beef . . . I tip my tam to ya. Thank you on behalf of guests
“: Logic will get you from A to Z. Imagination will get you everywhere." -Albert Einstein” yessir!
I love plyo, but had to back off today cuz my knee is sore. Bummer
This has been a disappointing day so far. I have not been in full blown #cincodemayo gear not once ALL Day
Very possible! The song will have you dreaming about someone:)
We really want another brunch place...Skillet is always so busy! Neighbor Lady is probably not going to be family friendly.
Fab Design Tip: Color looks different depending on what type of light you are using.
Great day in Irvine with Master Trainers - can't wait for
i just want tomorrow to be over with already
Pray, Fast and Slow For when you do these in the secret, God says He, Himself will reward you in the open. -Ted Lucas”
Hahahaha...good call...
Driving through roxbury blasting thriller. Ok...
thank you for affirming inspiration, action, and commitment amid so much that is enraging and depressing.
What's worse than being hated? Being ignored. At least when they hate you, they treat you like you exist.
m I can think a couple of things...
Imperfection is beauty. Madness is genius.
no problem.
Your the 1st one to do something right
At #ColesBar. Unwinding in Chicago, G.
ND oil tax 'Legacy Fund' has meager earnings
Lets do this shiiii!! Hahha!! :D
How is the dancing coming?? Anyone got all the moves down yet??
Do you think the #Chiefs could beat the Broncos with Payton Manning at QB?
Well said, RT: When you’ve got too many things on your plate; eat them.
Going to an #Allstar Weekend concert in a few hours!!!!! Can't wait. #VIP BABY!!!
Have Syracuse in Final Four, so they need to dispatch Ohio State.
If you use your lips, it better be on me.
awesome movie man!!! You MUST go see it! It definitely lived up to its hype
Bought more colorful feathers! Will post them up when they arrive!
I don't watch american idol or any other kind of shitty tv shows
most definitely. It's obvious and it's done for publicity.
I told myself I wouldn't get hurt again by you. That was the biggest lie I've told myself.
Having an early Americanist sense, i think west of the Alleghenies! Not so 21st cen though. RT : What is the West to you?
OH: "Ayn Rand is a crazy bitch, by the way."
Why am I awake. WHY.
that's all I could think about after I left u lmao. Hit me when u get back to the city
yes yes! Shakespeare Garden in Central Park? BYOCrumpet?
the rain is making my arms hurt from where I broke one & fractured the other.
Watching The Food Network while stuffing my face...
Ou skateboarding in the gorgeous weather
RT : RT : The WORLD IS YOURS
Who did you vote for 46 Superbowl Sandwich?
This cocktail is nice and chilly. Making another batch of sofrito! I've decided to skip the block party. I can't be bothered.
Gallinari back in!
So I REALLY need to do Wyk's homework . . .
total blackout is on syfy again... the gay asian is cracking me up
thats so true!
Working so hard it's vertigo inducing.
I wonder how I look in someone else's eyes 😳
RT : When you click "Notify all involved leadership that I signed this petition" #INLegis gets #INtransit email - www.cirta.us
you're welcome
My dumb aunt went to pcb with out me! She knows I bring the party! 😏🎉
what's the address? I can't find it on Maps.
trying to explain allegory is hard.
Thanks for following and ! We're excited to share stories and updates with you.
I know same here! #iwishmygirlwasasleep but yes I am
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. ~Bill Gates
im scared..im honestly really afraid....pleaze pray for my beautiful mom....eviction is only motivation..Cmon Bro..Lets make History!!
I can see it on twitter so I dont think youre direct messaging :-)
cause he's my bro?! Duhh (:
Hate high heels, but they sure do work wonders for a figure.
Lunch special...Fried Tilapia Fish with rice and beans $ 5.99 and have a ice cold Jarritos with it!!!
so you are saying it is hard to do right?
Oh Hil, headbands? Really? I'm not sure we're still rocking that look.
I ALREADY LOVEE YOUR twitter!! :)
putting up the Christmas tree today.Brett will be gone until tomorrow..do we decorate with or without Brett??
safe to say i'm going to live another day. tho watching talking owls sorta makes me wish #rapture would happen, maybe just to my tv...
i didn't see the whole tweet but due 2 recent fb post is this regarding sandra having no fb or twitter & the others r fakes?
Green Corona, Red Cornoa, Poo Corona.
What a buncha dirty rotten hipsters.
Any word on the lineup for today's game against the White Sox?
*gobble* *gobble* happy thanksgiving :) hope you have a great one!
but if course we still have to Skype:P so that will make up for it
Project Twenty1 Film Festival ... This Weekend!!! ... International House - 3701 Chestnut St. Philly, PA... Two of my films are entered...
Luck can often mean simply taking advantage of a situation at the right moment. It is possible to make your luck by being always prepared.
OMG if that last shot would have gone in......
you know me too well.
I hate haters. I saw bill Donahue from the Catholic league on TV one night. His hatred of "teh Jew" was palpable.
except for one bitch,
~Oprah Winfrey~ Change quotesA mind that has been stretchedwill never return to it's original dimension
Bob, thank you for adding our post to your twitter daily! Have a fantastic weekend.
great read thanks for the article.
History channel -_-
I know you are ;)
RT : Remember the last 2 days next time someone says a team is going to be rusty after a long layoff.
Last night. A guy. With just one simple kiss. Took my breath away. The feeling it gave me was indescribable.
The Great Khali is going to be Mark Henry's replacement? #AREYOUSERIOUSBRO?
Go away!
why are you saying this? Just to tease us?
just saw ad you are going to be at the tulalip casino north of seattle.. So cant wait to see your show!
My day off w/ lots to do but nothing pressing on the agenda to take me away from what needs to be done at home! Love days like that!
Am EXHAUSTED from tweeting and following leads all day yesterday........I gotta get offline..........soon i will
Didnt even get a Chance to polish my ties to wear my sandals
Don't hate the game tan, learn how to play it LoOOoL
exactly... People think #newt is best debater for #Obama “: SC demonstrated why all the debates are the engines of this campaign”
#10thingsifindattractive 10 things that add up realness
Drowning beloved pet, or drowning random adult? Which one do you save? Thoughts?
Loves it!
Can you say "chocolate and wine party"? The VitiVini Wine Game www.vitivini.com is now available @ TCL. Pick it up w/ some chocolate!
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tennessee announced that head women's bball coach Pat Summitt will step aside after 38 seasons w/ Lady Vols
The love of a family is lifes greatest blessing.
Fashion Iz Nit Lets us keep you in style The latest of the latest NYC Get 5 garments altered for $30.00 expires @ 8:30pm
i didnt get u.
Photoshop Workshop @ THE HANGAR
i gotta sit yo ass down before i tell yo momma wat you did lol
I've said this before... Don't embarrass yourself by trying to insult me with bad grammar...
Big money on this fight!
Another question. lol. Are you far from Manhattan Beach?
thanks for the star fucking, beautiful! it made me forget about the anal warts for awhile
Aww, thank you, dear! And you're very welcome + I'm sure I'll see you soon. Looking at your website now! LOVE IT! IN LOVE.
Erica look like big bird
Sony exec named to lead mobile unit formed from Sony Ericsson
yu should come ova tamorra or wednesday
“: Record of the year!” wow, thank u for being so kind..
are you serious? You down? This is gonna be lowkey funny
America's Cup racing in San Diego Bay. So cool. Even the powered chase boats can't keep up with these catamarans...
Are u efficiently sharing research? Your competition is. Client collaboration helps you reduce research costs ow.ly/7P807
KATIE IS GONNA GET RAPED
the fun part is, I only caught the last 15 minutes of the 2 hour show
A new era “: This is one of the happiest days of my life. Go !”
Just think in a couple mths you could be exploring the tropical island of Bali!!! How cool is that! I know I'm excited!
Don't tell someone to smile...make them smile :D /via
I wish me and julian could freakin change places, and I'd be in college, old enough to have a job and make money. -__-
Oh I thought that was Enterprise?
You were the best coach has ever had!
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog. ~Corrie Ten Boom
Does that mean #schools will make it easier for kids to #graduate? Lower standards?
hello there boo x
I wonder if world peace could be obtained through something as simple as a Shamrock Shake pow wow.
I guess it's unclear to me why you'd have to put on an English accent for a movie that's set in France.
I might just be like that because of the weather or he straightens it, so no, it's the same as usual :)
And they would be right, ! We follow her from our secret Twitter accounts. But maybe wants a more vapid audience? 
I do have a hot dog costume in the trunk of my car at all times. Just in case...
thanks for the retweet!
RT RT : Crazy how we thought we would be friends forever & our lives took us on different paths.
Thanks ! We're definitely proud of our sustainable development efforts!
okay weird
argh.. a day too late on the last retweet.. =( was too excited when I noticed a diablo 3 beta giveaway. Won't someone give me one already!!?
I feel the same! RT : It's pointless for me to be up right now *shrugs
RT - SuperBowl Prediction: New England Patriots vs Green Bay Packers. Calling the safe pick.
I am way too excited about some of these Chrome apps.
Happy Birthday !!! Just one more year lol
What to do
I love big companies' euphemisms. GM refers to fires in the engines of its electric cars as "thermal incidents."
An acronym for We Owned the Other Team.
Calc Final...I hate you. Now only one more left!
if you take on a project, be prepared to do the work yourself. ppl who rely on others to do their work really baffles me.
"You gotta be in the know, you know?" -Mortaki
Ok. Just cashed out my tunecore account and apparently I sell more songs in Europe than in the United States! WTF? I play Americana not...
Sweden has the least number of murders annually.
Kawasaki 250 today in Mendocino. First time since titanium was installed in my right forearm last year. Felt GREAT. #Gasoline, I love thee.
Ah yes, the pool at the is devine. Looking forward to our next training session! Xoxoxoxox
need music? i've got the perfect stuff for your 4am shenanigans.. WRFL.FM ->"listen in" playing forecastle music all night long
great content as always al!
CeCe Winans what a beautiful voice. Beautiful service for the
lol what u grr'ing about
I bet the next KIA commercial uses a impersonation, drive a KIA #winning !!
...I suppose the Women's Health Program suit makes this case #18 in Texas vs. the Feds.
Love has 4 letters, but so does Hate ; Friends has 7 letter, but so does Enemies; Truth has 5 letters, but so does Lying.
everything,about you,,,~~~___________~~~~~
you love it..
Masters Champion can't take their official green jacket off the grounds of Augusta. Replica can be. #whatsthedifference?
The news faucet is wide open! Brian Mack has been named PD of WRVW (107.5 The River)/Nashville.
My wife is 7mnths pregnnt-a slight waddle appears& most of her outfits r based on how easy they r 2 deal w/when she needs 2 pee every 20mins
haha I will not be baited
Excellence can't be achieved without effort. Always put in more than what you expect to get back..
The soundtrack of Little Big Planet....some pretty cool stuff. Wish I had a PS3 or PSP so I could play it, it looks like a lot of fun!
no idea. haven't paid much attn to nwide series. i guess today is as good as any? im on a #caps and #orioles high right now
Can't sleep. And since I joined this last week or so I've been getting junk mail with porn. :(
in time there is probably gonna be a hello!(:
Ppl always talkin bout u can b happy & broke but I never experienced tht so more power to those tht had tht experience lol
good to know ;)
I love Eastenders!
The internet seems to strip people of maturity and the willingness to give the benefit of the doubt. Honor exists on the internet, people
For the record, I would have guessed an age a full decade younger.
Good looking on the Love as usual FAM!
Whos had avocados before?
Let's go CITY!
give a follow or a RT it would mean the world to them. See u soon
Happy Mother's Day!
not to bad it's beautiful out here in mi
I've been thinking Oakland has way too much to be happy about lately. ": Addendum: "The San Jose A's" = epic fail."
M yep I really should it might look GREAT on me :) thanks
Glad you're digging it! Share it with your friends :)
I'm pretty sure I could watch that 70's show all day
woohoo! officially an member! Can't wait to get started back up and feeling healthy again!
First day complete: J-A class on entrepreneurship@ Gateway H.S., everything went very well for the first day.
ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....I LOVE THIS SHOW!
Twitter accounts getting hacked or what??
Cooling my heels in SLC. Fleece as far as the eye can see!
Go carts + laser tag + rock climbing + minigolf + arcade = Mulligans
You guys are doing an awesome job of promoting #Philanthrofest! ;-}
these next two weeks are gonna be hell.
Less than 3 days away from the ALPFA NY Holiday Party
We like the potty talk! Just gave an estimated for two bathrooms
Yet in 2012, programming stays classical; so does database. Relational works fine. Of course one database cannot suffice. Use pointers
Appreciate response. Just to be clear, whether you feel media glorified him or not, nothing in past would justify his killing, no?
who are these people?
Douglas Sills & Sara Gettelfinger to star as Gomez & Morticia in the National Tour of The Addams Family, coming to Baltimore March 6, 2012!
we miss the old earmarks because it regularly gave us great investigative TV -ala the bridge to nowhere etc.
happy birthday!!!!
A wake-up call’s mother is unfolding. At the other end is a bell, which is telling us we have built a house at the foot of a volcano.
negative ghost rider. I am 100% sober.
Fuckem. If I could follow u 4,000 more times I would. Wasnt SNL a big nose candy-land?
Yo I'd like to talk with you to see how I can further my career in acting, if your open
okay good :) your the first to sign it!
haha! Wait I guess I could've given you some old notepads?
Opening bid of $1000 is in. Do I hear $1100?
Chances are...Jason Wu at your local target is sold out already. Did anyone have a chance to get anything?
But my hero my mom kept on raising her real 4 kids I love her she's a strong women who has learned to move on many years ago
I know, I know...I try to send out a few UC related things and live tweet from confs/events...but even that has been sparse!
Safe to say that is in a foul mood tonight!! Not happy with anything or anyone!! Worlds against him it seems!!
Best way to change ur mood is to get ur heart rate up! Exercise is a drug!
Everyday is a gift from God. Use each day wisely as if it were your last.
Fkn Netflix romance genre!
Movies and Studio Time... What Rain???
Is it true about your commitment??
I love True Blood but series five is gonna take until next year to get to the UK and it's such a mission to watch online
RT passionate discussion about why online-gaming must move to the cloud where you no longer need to upgrade your P4
Chilli Cook off our next marketing event.
'The First Gay President' -- Not Blacks Unlikely to Agree With Newsweek Cover The new Newsweek cover shows the first black president wear
Alyssa needs a twitter so I can tweet about her more officially.
can we get a fuckin goal please
for what
Today in 1987, Bad (Michael Jackson) was a hit.
One class then it's time for fort worth. Hoping this class flies by at super sonic speed.
Luckily, the new bundle is rubbish.
Be confident too. Play fast. I mean FAST.
Work is boring need to find extra circular activities today, have a few in mind.....
people claim it is because the bathroom is the same as the xfactor bathroom in the picture haha
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!
getting closer to the time when my last brother will be leaving for college. never thought I would be this upset..❤
Still supporting Nashville this year since mah boys are out :(
ight man will do
so pretty! love!
I can hear it from here!
i'm debating with myself over fantasy baseball. To play or not to play! That is the question!
I miss the grassy hills of Kentucky... Those summer evenings with family were amazing
Happy birthday Bieeb's I love you ♥ I wish you well ♥ thank you so much (:
What if I threw a frog at a hawk...I would f*ck'n pay money to see me do that!!!
haha nice! you should post it before christmas so it'll be a gift to the fans. *hint hint* after xmas it won't feel so special
nice song
Nothing official besides maybe #ADDYs even though it's not loc-specific. Some groups have started their own.
QTz in my physics class hit me up!
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. ~Helen Keller
Here's some #LocalLove for Valentine's Day...
#KeyAndPeele I've followed those guys 4a long time. Such a funny 1st show! Call me wn u need a black girl! :-)
I guess Tim Tebow now knows how John Elway really feels about him.
Ticketmaster's captcha is really making me feel dumb right now.
grrr i got kicked out for trying to spell ur username on here!!
Got taste for a big breakfast but don't feel like ccoking
Hey Liam (: Can you come over to Hawaii and surf with me ? <3
#wreckdiculous was the very first ever trending topic. Pre twitter era.
it was rough!!! But I think I did alright. I'm just trying to stay positive about it :)
With hayden
Ready to have a great #Louisiana time!
yup....we're gonna get there soo late
Wow, tough, tough loss for the Boilers. I very much enjoyed watching Robbie Hummel play
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 89
Wow, guess every1 is a promoter. Maybe if I had that Mitt Romney money, then I'd try and fail til I found the best one, lol...j/k
yep, just cancer...but all kinds of cancer. His general doctor probably found something suspicious.
Is it wrong to hope sends a "Happy Birthday" tweet my way?
just something to make you smile (:
A7: Think SEO...what key words define you? Are they in your profile?
...anyways, thank you everyone who inspired me to translate my daily twitter prayers into a publication. :) "Thank You Notes".
I totally love<3 you! you have an amazing voice and you're so CUTE plz answer me! :B
only about a three second lag. Sweet.
I think that's legit, based on structure and organization. Proactive is not our native nature, and sometimes that's ok.
Yovani is about as good as vending machine egg salad vs the
I HATE WHEN ONE OF MY CONTACTS GOES FUZZY AND I CAN'T FIX IT.
If anyone is having a bad day, remember that today in 1976 Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now its worth $58,065,210,000
RT : If you find yourself drunk & mowing on pizza at 3:30am, perfect time for #SavageU marathon on - just saying! WATCH!
Interested in building a community of #filmmakers? That's exactly what I'm doing! FILM FORWARD is April 11th! Contact me for info!
Miss America 2012 miss virgin island os beautiful too
McGarry: must give probation and parole officers tools they need to manage ex-offenders in the community instead of default revoking.
The Tigers just LOL'd Gomez around the bases.
Sweet William Regal shout-out.
lmbo oh. Slow moment
I just saw on VH1's You Outta Know Artist! :D
Well, its a good thing that you have Holliday-esque skills!
Thank you! :)
4th of July was fun this year, lots of bangs and booms!
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do, but doesnt get you anywhere!
-_- well ok
“Begin to see YOURSELF AS A SOUL WITH A BODY rather than a body with a soul.” ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Just tweeting so I don't realize how severe my headache is... Work movin so slow
Spending the day with four generations of mothers/daughters in my family.
Birthday Dip time
West Marshall boys track is second at Ogden - Marshalltown Times Republican
It sure didn't help that Casey watched 4 pipe strikes fly by. Horrible at bat. Swing the bat Case!
If at first you don't succeed, quit and have a drink or ten. The world needs losers too!
that I'm having a great night!
thanks for texting me back last weekend!
Melissa Gilbert will dance off the stage (or the Prarie) tonight
only if they're crispy “: I LOVE TATER TOTS!!!!!!”
I feel so accomplished when she asks for my advice like awaw.
hey! Don't make fun of me!! Trick.
The wonderful thing about Tiggers, is Tiggers are wonderful things!Their tops are made out of rubber, their bottoms are made out of springs!
“: Marijuana had my back...” I'm with ya!!
Day 1 of the Boot Camp at #AcademySummit has begun! Members and guests are learning how to create a purpose & profit-driven law practice!
Check out our Free Oscar Night Viewing Party at Roxy's Pub in West Palm Beach!
Lactose intolerant but just passed a Brewsters and I wanna damn ice cream. Perfect weather for it
Love You, Love You and Love you... You my love Please Please Please justin can you follow me please?
I got skulls on my jeans #jakk!!!!
Well, it's Friday night and I've got a hot date with NyQuil and self pity. See ya'll tomorrow. I hope.
Today's GH forecast: rainy with a chance for a Timbers win in Vancouver #rtcid Get to a local place to watch
and I plan on taking major risk in 2012
Almost able to breathe...for a few weeks at least, then it'll be back into grind mode.
Every time i try to have phone sex i get interrupted
ha ha, good luck!
I won't have Internet access for the rest of the week while I stay and take care of Nana. I'm already feeling shaky about this. Addict?
You're more than just a follower to us! <3 We wish we could meet you all in person!
so excited to hear the new album! Congrats :)
Heading back to Zanesville tonight. Hopefully, I'll be able to get back to Cinci on Monday. Yes, More snow coming this weekend. Yeah! : (
Ahh sorry early onset spring allergies are fucking with my head PLEASE FORGIVE MEE
Coast Guard helicopters now searching the Rockport coastline for 2 year-old Caleigh Harrison. Still no sign of her.
the wrong time and place
TY for the follow. It will be great to learn together. Exciting time to be an educator.
Tomorrow, PHAME films a very special commercial to announce an incredible "Willy Wonka" campaign that will ROCK YOUR WORLD... more soon...!
you are old!
thanks for the follow!
whoa, how did ou get all of them to follow?
I have a joke for that but it's really rude. Even for me.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
you root for the buckeyes because you're afraid of the alternative in my presence
i've always found it interesting that since 9/11 tom clancy novels have been uniformly terrible
We're SO excited for your bikini tour coming to Santa Monica! We'd love to donate our sunscreen to your goodie bags!
LET'S GO RAMS! #GORAMS “: Let's go get this today #RamNation”
shakin' my head
"when the saints go marchin in...I want to be in that number" You want to be in that number? John 14:1-6 Gods promise is clear....
Lisa and Annie have great ideas for book club meetings. Check out their site.
lol do you not know what your transcript is ?
Is that good?
We are looking for someone who can help us speak about Stained Glass Hearts to a large audience. Who can help us spread the word?
been through some serious life changes in this last few weeks, oh shittt
Just watched field of vision & I loved it...it was a great movie & had a good story:)
either you just changed your profile pic or the mean mug pic was stuck in cache. I can't prove either one :-)
So much live music!
Proud owner of a new couch, I officially feel like an adult now.
I have used it with 5th and 4th grades. They love it. And I get emailed every time they post, so no issues.
Live For Today...Plan For Tomorrow...Party Tonight!
hey I need some!
“Pick the Target, Freeze It, Personalize It and Polarize It.” – Saul Alinsky, Rules for Radicals.
I'm sorry, can we make up? And by make up, I mean can you send me lots of autographed merchandise?
They could really use built-in kinetic chargers. Walking around w it in your pocket would build up a charge. Shake it for more
Yes, although I can't remember the URL at the moment. I know...this wasn't the most useful tweet ever tweeted.
#nwmra conference mobile research
we did that for about 6 months with our photo business 3 years ago, but then they had a policy change and we had to take it down
Redrock Hotel/Casino Las Vegas tonight (smooth jazz concert at the pool), then on to LA for the second game of the Lakers and the Magic!!!
Foot shoes - WTF? I'm sure there's plenty of Cab drinkers that say that about us lovers of Cru Beaujolais too.
Debating on going to the Royals game tonight... Haven't been yet this year. Wondering if parking/traffic will be crazy with the BoSox intown
As M. Gladwell said "when underdogs choose not to play by Goliath's rules, they win"...how the Broncs are!
Thanks and for ordering so fast at Quick Pita that I couldn't decide what I wanted to eat. I hate you both.
RT : I wish I was on my way! There is no place in GA like The Exchange on Tues. night! // Totally Agree!
Yea i kinda do , Im doing my reasearch paper but im barely done with one page :(
u know I'm down to work w u when ever John... Rich what's goodie ?
honestly I had a couple of physical setbacks and just lost my mojo. Have you seen it?
Justifications suppose that an offender shouldn't be held criminally responsible b/c the crime committed was the lesser of 2 evils.
|#quotes Before you can really start setting financial goals, you need to determine where you stand financially.
BO!!! Erika and Elise need to stay. Shannon should go home, but due to popularity, I highly doubt it.
"live life to the fullest" #DonaldDriver #DWTS (a theme this evening)
Everybody says that I'm my dad all over again, but as I get older I can see more of my mom.
Day Two of the New Year... Publicly, I ask you... Have you seen the Producer of my next track? I'm told we will meet soon...
RJD2 is pounding from my speakers
I still bawl my eyes out everytime Dobby dies... :,(
I am too tired, unmotivated, and unwilling.
": i fear you wont shut the fuck up aye" NOT going to happen LOL
Saw a large, fresh snake track on the 3rd (and last) loop of Inspiration Point.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 16
Shouldn't you be asleep?!?
I am at BBQ and I am a vegetarian
lol imma a lil loopy right about now .. Sheila is on tv
Joshua Ham says: Students like me have under resourced classes, overwhelmed teachers, & standardized curriculum.
olunteers with a passion for filmmaking, the crew of the Housesitter worked long into the night each of the 14 days of shooting
Thank you so much. (Blushing now.)
"tell me you got prerolled in your book bag"- ..."fruit rollups?"- "wtf prerolled"-Jerm .., "Pringles?!"😂 I can't
Ill Stab You With a Piece Of Paper
awk to the ward
just did.
busy next saturday? we're playing soma, it'd be sweell to see ya out at a show.
The nicest man I ever met was more malicious than malcontent ~
Listening to some new WCAR! Good stuff. -Jason
What in the sphincter of hell are you playing at? Watching Serenity on my iphone, oh yeah.
That would freaking rock!! Thanks for the invite.": if we come to houston you could come investigate with us"
Suck for Barkley doesn't rhyme. Give us your best Miami Dolphins slogan for the coming season. We'll retweet any good ones!
I need a guy best friend :p
Lauber's dead.
I totally agree! I LOVE watching you Ross, and would be thrilled if you had your own show!!!!
Eat lunch, give big! 100% of all lunch sales today go to benefit the Boy's and Girl's Club of Bay County!
my forehead is so fucking big
Late lunch M.
Wisdom from : don't let "no" stop you when you've got a mssg to share. Lol @ "kick rocks with open toe shoes."
where's my invite?
Hate to say it but I want new TOMS.
Shouting out to you back! I'm still alive!! Just without any of my fav sports teams to watch! lol
Are we going to pick anybody in this round? This is getting to be like The Bachelor. COME ON.
"My best friends BIGFOOT!" I heard two little kids saying this in the pool today, and I couldn't help but smile :)
Four off-days through the rest of the season should give the #Brewers bullpen and staff a little well-earned rest.
You obviously just had too much fun at #smbmad this morning
hahaha! Thanks again!
I like what I read in chapter 1. I downloaded book 1 to my stack. From the reviews, I look forward to the read.
It's hopping' in Lee's Summit! Melismatics up in 15 minutes.
It's totally accurate!
•...profit simply from the fact that everything created by man decays.
David Simon: "the fractured audience."
I'd say good. There's so many people calling. Well, that's what I'm HOPING, at least.
Oh, buzz off Lavinia.
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - Somethin That I Drank
My tweets are at 621, & I dislike odd numbers. so Tweet.
it may or may not be my lock screen pic....
pondering if is a good excuse for me to visit london this year? free.libre software conference for women and NGO's
you are always awesome. You coming to my bday HH?
Man what a flippin boring day, someone entertain me!!
RT : #aws2011 GSA Coleman says the agency saved $100M over the last 5 years through its gitco contract. consolidation and better...
That is a great commercial!
Just checked into the hotel in New Orleans. Pool side view!
Good stuff...we launched our retail solutions e-newsletter What's Fresh. Let me know if you'd like to be added to the group. 450 so far!
I LOVE YOU
Munchie Express is open Wed. 7PM-3AM through Sat. 7PM-3AM. We deliver whatever food you want for $3 per order.
I'll get the scholarship papers ready!
Who's coming to the open run tomm at groad 1:45. Bring it
RT : We'll be debuting our new Go Get It video today on starting 6pm! RT!
Double or Nothing bro?!
The Over is 10-1-1 in West Virginia's last 12 neutral site games
Happy Maryland Day!
Tyler, appreciate your support during the nonstop madness that was Finals Week and "Dead Week" (the week before) at school
"You can't choose your destiny,but you can choose the path to get there"
get to Tulsa this weekend to see Dead Man Walking!
these genius teens on jeopardy make my life thus far feel like a failure.
Thank you & for the mentions
I'm so flipping hyper and I have no idea why, it's almost 11 pm and I'm wide awake which isn't normal lol and I have no friends to
thanks for the follow (: I'm a hugee fan ! xD
how's the car holding up?
Screw this. I'm having my own cinco de mayo when and finally get their asses back to Florida
that pretty much sums it up
To blessed to be stressed.
Um, follow wack? Typo? ": 【RETWEET】 ★ IF YOU REALLY ★ WANT ★ MORE ★ FOLLOWERS ★ #TeamFollowWack ★
oh hah sorry I just meant -- what?? whose phone?? and, what???
looking forward to another fun night tomorrow with and
You look quite close to them - are you in a truck-type thingie?
Blueberry Style lol
and you just can't hide it!!!
AND HIMYM season finale is on tonight. What a jam-packed night of tv.
going to see next wednesday at puffabellys in Spring, TX
Change is in the air again.
Now that I sort of caught up with work can I have my Monday night back? I was really looking forward to relaxing. Womp womp.
People need to realize that with TiVo and DVR, you can't spoil shit. I might not be able to watch the finale til next week. Ah!!!!
Angry Beavers :-) taking it back.
Just woke up I was working hard las night
Q2 Shameless plug, but I taught myself how to cook by searching the "easy to prepare" recipes on MealsMatter.org
Obama's got his balls out - taking GOP debate lines and sending them straight back.
He isn't currently on an NFL roster
you know I missed all my peeps last night! Maybe we can catch up at sweet frog or yogurt mountain!!!
They say it's your birthday, duh dun nuh nuh nun nuh! It's my birthday too yeah!
thank you for asking. I am being stretched. I am looking for people that know how to raise money. It is a global world.
I just found some pictures of us from that time we went to Adventure Island. They're so cute!!
If u wise u think bout shit before u say it
If you're reading this from #Chicago, let your worries go and be happy you get to live in such a beautiful city.
I'm your huckleberry RT You, Me, & Polyphonic Spree? I have tickets, you pick me up in the next hour. Any takers? Shoot me a DM.
Or Hawaii. No passport needed if its in the states!
Are you up?? avril
No weapon formed against me shall prosper and every tongue which rises against me shall be condemned.
thanks for the suggestions, folks. wins for politeness, wins for craftiness and wins for, well, fuck you-ness.
according to my boy it could be an attachment too
One of my friends is a tottallll directionator and she wants me to quuiz her over them, send me some really hard questions to ask her :) xx
thanks for the follow!
Thanks for posting such great photos of Love this one from their Pop-Up Book Collection!
Day 3 is in full effect. Teams are getting their customer feedback, pitches & proposals together
01-21-12 twitter last night : Drove by students at the Joe statue. Just told my Dad about all the love & support--inspiring him.
lol oh okay then.
Dam y females shower water b so hot a nigga don't want to fuck n that hot shit dam cut a lil cold water on dam lmao
ah thats so exciting ! how long are you staying for ?
Friends don't let friends shop at Whole Foods.
how long are you doing this for??
Congrats! You did it!
Would be a terrible fate but don't see it happening to him. "I am afraid of not being curious anymore one day!" - Jim
Know of any information workers out there that are iPad _only_ yet? No access to Mac or PC?
you took me out of your bio? :[ -Jenny
#FreeConeDay at Haagen-Dazs! May want to stop by their location this afternoon!
now you know ima get to it. Im good boo. I miss you.
A1. As society changes, having a diverse workforce (not just racial, but gen. diversity) helps an org. approach situations in unique ways.
Live for the day...
Congratulations on hitting their goal!! Exciting project.
Quantify wherever you can. Jedi Mind trick; draws attention and gives idea of level of performance. Tailor to each job.
so much fun! Sad to say farewell to but at least we worked in one last great night together
thanks for the love Joe D! Missing you terribly. How are things? keeping you in line? :)
It's scary . . But a good scary :-)
Doing a funky winter collection editorial in 103 degree heat! :)
I'll protect you. I shall use my Twitter guns to attack the creepers.
Thanks for the shout out! Let us know if you have any questions!
are you the "west end spider party" handfish or the other one?
yup. Could be a tear in your stomach lining. Happened to my friend a couple days ago. Go to the doctor now
Sigh. These are my people.
I thought of going off it for about 30 secs but cooler, caffeinated heads prevailed.
I HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER IN A WHILE!D: Because You NEVER Tweet Me...
Oooweee my lil munchkin is not taking the church & gym nursery's very well. It's only his 2nd time w/ out me so I guess it's all a process😔
Thanks for the follow Jess!
Trying to figure out what to do about Monday's NYT digital subscription deadline.
haahaha I have a story for you.
Am too fly to be depressed.
Tired and sleepy I can't wait until June #daisyelectriccarnival :)
he seems nice.
The reason why #time didn't go too far is because they're now relevant for the first time in how long? It's a win, no question.
Thanks to all who came out for the "Explore Fulton Market" meeting this evening. Looking forward to a great event!
Tech is a poor time to learn how to stage manage
VIP karaoke event tonight at Karma 600 e Ogden at 9pm. Use this tweet as your invitation to get in.
Chris Neil is so ugly
Where in tha fuck is my chinese food?
I wonder r u really down 4 me
Whattup Wiz Im an artist out of Youngstown Ohio! I wanted to know if you were looking for any artists! I can send music fam.
Look, he's avoiding you now because you busted him cheating!!
Many people do not realize that when they need cash that their unpaid invoices and receivables have tremendous value via factoring.
Not busyy today ! (:
hey everyone follow my personal please xoxoxoxoxo thanks
kobe you bastard. why.
How do I get my own experience pod?
loves making boys so nervous they blush and sweat -- literally. ;)
how do you know????!
I think they bumped the price up on Adobe Ideas. It's like $10 now. Check out Neu.Notes+ which is #vector also
tonight I'll check out the river... a show I found thanks to
Ew, this nasty bitch is at the mall. Everyone can smell you, you fuck.
I always have so many bruises durning soccer season...
thinking of good tech test questions for open house at tonight. (any good ideas for test automation questions?)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 364
Where are you?! That looks like a fucking funnel cloud!
Be kind. For everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. ~Plato
sometimes i think that i'm the only one that wishes my parents got a divorce. i can't take this anymore. i want you to leave..../,:<<<
My mom has been in the Hospital and now she needs a heart transplant. It's hard for us both. Pray for Darlene Thornal thank you she is 64
also, call us for sandwiches /salads delivered or for pickup. 206-441-9235 See you soon Seattle :-)
Woot, it's Avengers time!
agreed! have you read silberman and 's work on turkopticon?
So happy I pass my state bored
My twitter isn't updating I guess that's it's way of saying go to sleep...
Mike McLennan announced hubzero v1 release at this workshop; George Adams begins roadmap for the future development
Lol, I just saw 's new pic... You're great.
I'm not ready for this
according to w phillips agent saying reports of firing aren't true. if i'm wade, i can't get out of there quick enough.
I need Jesus like super glue. Because without Him in my life,I would fall apart.
Thanks for coming to my show. Hope yall can make the next one too...
Taking public transportation today in this snow storm was best idea of the week.
Barnes' release reads in part: "My heart goes out to the family of Isaiah Simmons. They deserve a more satisfactory outcome to these cases."
not even you disappeared on us.
yeah absolutely! See you around this week
Squarepusher - Panic Massive ♪♪
. I think my biggest take away was that users don't expect a diff in physical vs online spaces (shop ex)
its ok i juat wanted to see if she like my song i made its coprighted everbody that hears say its awesome i just wish i ?
#Men you can't live with 'em and yet...they're everywhere.
Thanks for using the #btopco #infographic I made in your presentation! Was a nice surprise.
Thx for the mention!!
haha whatever I'm ready for this weekend already lol 🍻🍻🍻!!!! Thuglife y'all are thugs to I remember! Lol
Stoll is ridiculous! It's the same shot every time! How the hell does he do it!?
Good luck guys!
I'm so excited to start on my website again, I got a really cool layout idea.. :D
Sweet you were 665 and was 666. Thank you for the suggestion.
hey there resse can i have a follow please haha i just rhymed
laptop's name is 'Wonder Woman' and my Honda's name is 'She.' LOL Thought only I named my laptop.
#goblue u better fucking win this... I gt money on this game big money
I love how kids are smart enough to let parents think they are in control
Congrats on the clean sweep of South Carolina!
I love this show...I have watched it from the beginning! Keep it real...I know you be tuning in! (I'm just sayin'!)
I can say with total confidence that cello makes everything better.
Happy Easter to me and all my peoples that celebrate today! (:
I'm not a racist...I hate everyone equally.
thats silly you guys look so cute!
Art & entertainment aren't always mutually exclusive; sometimes they overlap. See how deep performers perform & surprisingly u may see art!
#10ThingsThatILike snicker bars :)
HAPPENING NOW: Save Time and Money. More With Less. Multichannel Production Strategies for the Modern Media Company in Alvin/Edison
Funny how things come around full circle in life..one thing for sure, you can't run away from yourself..
Patrick Scofield your crazy and funny!!
ladies going to your boyfriend or mans or potential mans sports game, show, or any event gets u mad cool points lol jus saying
most beautiful packer fan? has my vote.
What the fuck did I get myself into -.- is it too late to back out?!
You're most welcome! Check out our sweet Philly deals when you get a chance.
Last time I looked at your Connor you had thousands of followers? :o
Who feeling so throwed?
": im assuming that was sayin that Amber look like Lord Voldemort lmfao"
Heard those 5 golden words from my editor..."You're manuscript has been accepted" -Amen!!
Good morning
Chris Brown new video with nicki (:
I don't like the new fb page!
Sometimes, the water fountains don't work. I am sure North Avenue has a nice Deer Park water cooler though.
But you can write!
RT : Stand Out Salon is the official hair sponsor of the 2012 in Chicago! Support the girls while they compete!
thanks for the birthday wish! I'm old.
Uploading a new video in 30 mins!
Why do they make appointments at hospitals? I never see the doctor on time. Even if I'm 30 min early. I need that walk to the front coverage
FACT: Good morning sexts > sappy good morning texts.
LL Cool J? Really?
'Jay Matthes you dirty whore. You broke my heart and stole my shoes. So now my heart is in pieces and my feet are dirty.'
Fingers crossed.
Don't know why I said Lloyd Banks though.
i wonder whyy lol. Hope your head gets better kiddo :)
seriously.... why do the Orioles keep Kevin Gregg??
It will be the Ravens!
I loved 1Q84 :-P
Hey, I had an email that says you're in, so I guess it worked! :-) Thanks for accepting the follow & for following back.
oh? well "asking leads to solutions" ~Oscar L or "there are no problems, only solutions" John Lennon. <-- think about those
When you're in a crowded place and no one says bless you when you sneeze
I miss my girl!
81% reporting, by the way.
Hm....now that I think about it I'm guilty of being a
Just sneezed while turning my car. I now realize why that's so dangerous for racecar drivers.
Get Naked Too: let me feast my eyes on you while you undress slowly....
In a perfect world we'd be able to get every #NFL player, active & retired to support #TackleCancer & we'd support their causes.
Darn these stupid butterflies!
haha yep! I'm loving it
my phone is acting weird. Tweet me
Non-alcoholic beer is like licking your sister- It tastes right but it isnt...
I LOVE WHEN THIS HAPPENS
I'll be at the season opener on Sunday :)
We're so happy to have you back! Thanks for joining us tonight!
espresso milk stout. Tastes just like coffee. Perfect morning beer. And yes, I realize that makes me sound like an alcoholic.
Is anyone awake? Someone talk to me <3
MAYBE SO
WOW, Real Madrid Game ON!
Sometimes being a deliberately homeless company has its downfalls when you are looking for a space to perform
No dawn, no day, I'm always in this twilight. In the shadow of your heart. - "Cosmic Love"
could we all have been fooled? It’s clear now that Epstein and Francona were doofuses & didn’t know what they were doing. ~Dan Shaugnessy
Wow! Just paid $4.15 a gallon for gas.
u r Gods devine design! He does not make mistakes. Don't get caught up in wanting to be or trying to be like someone else.
Will you be adding playlists to the next update? That would totally make my day.
Follow Friday #FF Must know contacts from
: We appreciate the RT!
any new news?
Awesome! We are big fans of the : YOU program & firm believers in art, participation and community building :)
Shit is about to go down
Thanks for being our very first follower!
why'd you unfollow me?
Is it just me or does Emily remind anybody else of Dolly Parton? I hope she busts out with a little 9 to 5.
I feel like I can't drink enough water.
Not going to get the whole concert. Runnimg out of disc space.
WOW . It's been 2 years since SO SICK
Columbus's airport is large and yet it manages to feel cramped. Bad use of available space.
Just received a donation of school supplies. Fabulous!
RT : A4 I think best, most sustainable *promo* is not to attract downtown visitors, but get more downtown residents.
Damn, I can cook up some motherfucking chicken.
Awesome movie!
RT : A much-belated thank you for the mention. Wishing you a great week!
I've been everywhere!! Where have you been?? Are you coming to Heat tonight?? It's my birthday party
#Spicy, crunchy Tuna roll+chicken yaki udon. And a glass of red #wine found a place too:-) How were the wings?
Ha! I have a book named Overcast. Guess that shows how I feel. Lol
Glad you enjoyed it! Developing new issues right now! Please write a review on iTunes if you'd like.
Correct, with short hair no less.
If u decide to get natural hair does dat mean u goin to give a natural birth????
Today I am making Cioppino. I love making Cioppino, because as it cooks through out the day, my house smells like a seafood restaraunt!
Get smart about your learning in the critical, social aspects. Get finished with Credentials that stack or ladder to success.
So you can rake a guy across the chest and arms multiple times, and no call. But brush against his scalp and it's a foul. Okay.
Tonight i drank a bit too much, lived a little too large. When i wake tomorrow i will not be tired.
yeah, you gotta do some MAJOR tummy work outs though! the outfits are bangin though, aye ! haha
Wow what?? If it's something about you-know-what you DM it to me.
archives on our wiki.
ofcourse I do :)
Nice. What were you smoking?
well the way cisse is banging them in and Ba is due soon, I see them getting at least a draw.
#kids Gustafer Yellowgold's Show at Good Records, Sat, May 19 12:00p: Celebrate the brand new DVD/CD "Gustafer Yellowgold's Year In The...
you are wearing shades...oink...
Outside of the arena is live too! lol
Thanks for your RTs. Much appreciated
Drinks with the incredible , and
*Curious coincidence* looks just wrong
When things go wrong! Look around and see who's next to you!!! No one!! But Jesus
Somebody might actually die during At The Drive-In this year....if I go, I'll be watching from a distance.
(c) him a few times and he didn't reply when he'd usually reply in a few mins and I really wanted him to skype me on June 21st (c)
"If this is true, then these people have perjured themselves." So , does that mean Ed Lee perjured himself too?
Lol this is quite an interesting day.
you not following anymore?
If you blog for business, how often do you create fresh content?
We are on break for a few minutes..
What a great day it's going to be!!!!!!!!
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. ~~ Alfred Montapert
Spending the day in the library til I get shit done
Balancing what students need/want to learn with institutional priorities is not always so easy.
Lol. I've always wanted to do it. I was just never driven to until I found out my dad plays. He does tournaments and all.
Team 10 Media wants to Thank and REWARD all of our supporters! We will be giving you a chance to win some prizes coming soon!
Cant wait till next weekend! Lil 5 and grand prix 😊👍🎉🍻
Do you have a Tumblr Metrosource Magazine?
Holy shit. is taken on Instagram.
I'm pretty sure I told you to get on tumblr like 3 months ago -__-
Restaurant Wk is lovely - check it out! Bibb lettuce, flatiron steak & lemon pudding were perfect for a late dinner w/
Nice! I saw your pics! Can you DM me your e-mail ?
These lyrics tho...It's a old song but Sex Therapy.
RT So long status quo. You make me want to be brave. If you believe in me, that changes everything.
how to do a mobile phone video with u. I live in LA unsigned rapper go interscope records follows
the quick red fox waslked past the lazy dog.
Peace the new Dna Album is complete!!!!!
GET ON IT
Ima go buy some red pumps n do like Dorothy so I can go back home to jax *there's no place like home*
Excited to head up to Bay area next week for #MPINCC on March 21st at the Claremont Hotel Club & Spa !
I'm sure it will pick up soon. Stay encouraged!
hang in there! Let's get a celebratory drink this weekend when it's all over :)
Time for bed! But I have insomnia! Fak!
can't believe i'm still not sick from eating cinnamon toast crunch in the morning after so many years...
sure do wish programming from was free!
oh dear, what is going on in this movie?!
Someone put the Lake show on already...
It is a pleasure to share. Thanks so much!
BAnd Practice, Going going GONE! See ya!
Well, if you move here then I won't :) We can be snow bunnies together! Clad in fur!
TRAK is a specialized staffing agency for Information Management and Information Science professionals. Follow us at !
I love my first Jazz in the Park with my lady @?
Lil Kim and Biggie 're rich rap kids on the block, please stay in your own lane stink pussy Hoe!!! Who you trying to pass LMOA!!
hope work goes fast! ttys ;)
We need get those beats together homey
I hate when I tired & really wanna go to sleep.....but the faster I fall asleep the sooner mornin will come 😔
Daylight Savings has got you all frazzled? Stop in & get a free espresso shot in your drink!
Omg my butt cheeks are killing me.
hahaha you're a mess. Lol
"you know that cavalry of humans I told you about? Yeah, there is no cavalry. They're all zombies."
Patriots Super Bowl bound!!!! Yay Yay!!!
Senior day for This year, like most, has flown by. Hope the Kohl Center is rocking one more time for Rob and
haha. Im still upset it's Quinn though. I need to watch last nights two hour episode at some point today.
I love bacon.
Celebrating Mother's day with my children and family at a family cookout .
haha taken a page out of your sons playbook
at least once the fetus is formed, though perhaps not earlier than that.
I'm taking a marketing associate role Pretty stoked about it!
Getting better today.
I have not, and therefor I am ECSTATIC!
Thanks so much!
Is too shy for dork shorts.
agreed, i am just irritated
It is a weeping and a mourning and a gnashing of teeth.
Shakespeare festival makes changes for its 2012 season
MT : Abolitionist & suffragette Anna Elizabeth Dickinson b. 1842. 1st woman to speak before U.S. Congress.
Whether it's sexy or scary, what has been your best Halloween costume?
Amelie gets better and better each time I watch it. And for this film analysis assignment, that's a lot of times.
HELP! Looking for Christian Louboutin Bianca in size 39. Client willing to pay $$$$ Anyone have the connect???
must be nice.lol hope your having a great day babe.
Something must be wrong with me. It's like I'm eternally flawed. No matter how hard I try I can never get a non shitty job.
Editing dance videos. Love watching Desert Star Dance.
my downfall will come in a literal way: during a run. It's dark when I'm out and a fall is inevitable.
Being awesome in Chicago!
kids are working on both their laptops and the school computers...that's a problem. Printing issues?
Did AZ out kick the coverage on that.
"We need to promote African American women who are creating and producing." Gina McCauley #digidoy DMIS
Shit done got Real.. like Real Real
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut. ~Channing Pollock
Today is TOMS days without shoes.....Funny, today is also international "throw thumb tacks on the ground" day......
