Just spreading the love!
easiest move ever, two cases of trumpets, two boxes of clothes
what is it?
Hey Love(:
Thx for the feedback on salaries. I have some great summer internship candidates coming your way. Expect to hear from them soon!
*heart heat whatever. Come on
Spooky Old Tree by Stan and Jan Berenstain: Do they dare? Of course, they dare!
Great plan! That's the way to do Vegas! We can help you find some killer shows. Do you like , comedy or variety show? ^AP
Leaving Julina in Cali now i must get back to Kansas my need cash fast quicker than quick c'mon PRA!!!! next week is huge
doesn't understand how perfect my face is..
What is all this talk about the Tigers and J. Damon? I hope that relationship is over... I'd rather roll the dice with some rookies
i Love Valentines day, Makes Me Feel Loved <3
Nick Collins released?
Consuming drops of FlorAlive® essences overwrites and eliminates our limiting beliefs and mind obstacles, replacing...www.floralive.com
what's up
look forward to your information...like the twitter handle too!
I'll bring some sunshine and tan back!
Thank you sir. Understand, Ryan is one of my followers too. (;
Another great #workout #trapeze #silks w/
Left and center lane blocked on I-10 at Canal st exit. Truck either caught fire or spilled dirt.
I want to move. FAR away.
it is AMAZING how expensive #TimeWarner is .. no wonder people download everything now!
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
Thank you :-) If it doesn't always come from the heart then in my opinion it doesnt mean a darn thing. Xoxo
NEW: Our Syracuse affiliate reports that the defamation lawsuit against Jim Boeheim has been dropped.
We are at Track 21 off of highway 6. We need more people for laser tag! Come on out!
"Nobody puts baby in a corner".. Dirty Dancing ;)
Tipsy than a mother fucker!!!!:-)
Me and moms aint been on good terms I might take her out but idw
Looked to me like there might have been some bat on that
One day I'ma learn how to do splits though. #realtalk. I know tweeted how to learn via yoga or something.
- yeah, that's pretty much what we looked like. heh...
Kicked back relaxin/thinkin and missin Nashville, wish I was still there :(...
I love the library!
No amount of sex, girls, drugs, money, attention, glory will eveR be fulfilling because it can never satisfy. Nothing outweighs Gods LOVE
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your team mates to tweet #marchforbabies305 and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
Hey QT guy ;-) It was nice seeing u again!
The Lakers transition defense is pitiful but the Thunder are playing with poise. That's what you're supposed to do at home.
Made it safe and sound!
a happy mama = a happy family. Smart move!
#itshardwhen you have too take your own advice but
Do you think "iLove you" is the end of the Seddie arc?
guidebook data is awesome
Seriously about to start blocking people who keep sending me spam messages.
Great! Enjoying one's job and location makes for happy times :D
Volunteer op. times #4: Sat 3/17 4pm - 6pm and Get in touch if you'd like to help!
The kids love Alvin & The Chipmunks 2 -watched it 3 times 2day. Not sure if I should be embarrassed or more embarrassed for
Very odd that National Book Award fiction winner "Salvage the Bones" isn't a #NYT 100 Notable Book of 2011.
Don't be silly. He's the son of Coul. Everyone knows that.
I don't even think I've ever heard it used. Til now.
Making our customers happy is great; it's what we strive for with each & every plate! We love you guys!
Jesus enjoyed turning water into wine. Nuff said.
Why is it everytime I want the weekend to start the last two hours drag on?
Fantastic #FF's continued:
Who needs a plot when you got people going *car horn beeptrain horn goes off* and *fire whistle goes off*
Humorous to watch Romney campaign pander. They're so off the mark it's not even funny. And it's not helping make Ann a sympathetic figure.
Selling a brand new iPhone 4 ! DM if your interested !
We are resuming the panel again, starting with app# 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
Make it 6 through 3 ip.
jury still out on the change to but I do like the televised day games.
-- As soon as you help us get a large enough demand there? :]
That was fun!
Due to evil, actually considering deleting Gmail and using another search engine (although I don't know who TF to use).
Can the weekend like be here already ?
Qui! U finally surrendered to twitter huh? :)
slaughterhouse is going to be in town, what.. possible show?
action shot
Finally a break for one of the sports teams here in #Wisconsin.. #Brewer Ryan #Braun exonerated! Complete coverage tomorrow morning on
Interesting aspect of the June 12 primary: If a candidate in one of the Reno City Council wards gets 50% +1, then only that name goes to Nov
yeah I know what you mean! The wanted are going :/ it's just a few hours!!
haha I have every season of friends too lol.
Only play today is Oklahoma City -8 points tonight. End the week strong and ahead
Thanks Love how you get our customers home.
#freshmanyeartaughtme I'm fifteen. I don't know what love really is yet.
Thanks, Ward! And congrats on your new series-- NEW YORK, BABY! -- they look fantastic!
"I like...rugs." '_' -Stephen Negron
I completed the rough draft of my new novel tonight.
'S days like this that make me think I could live in the bay for a little longer...
Honorary degree,Doctorate of Humane Letters goes to Dr. Virgil Wood, civil rights activist who worked with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
I say we start making churches pay taxes since they want to impose their doctrine on government.
Drink extra water today! All the cool kids hydrate:).
oh em gee becky look at her but tunchiiiiii "lolz"
Last lunch'd have to be poolside.
go decompress, you crazy kids! early to rise & !! #shehechat goodnight!
What is everyone working on today?
oh that's cool thanks for calling me..... sheesh
wow, I honestly can't even think of someone. That's an almost impossible question to answer
Waiting until spring to sell? Find out what your house could sell for then if the market stays on the same course 1-800-731-7041 ext. 2306
Nice. Good luck! A great opportunity with a well established company.
naw but I'm
follow back?
i apologize though , didnt realize u hadnt yet seen it
“ #WhatiLoveMost, Knowing your the reason for someone's smile. :)”
If it's this dead and quiet on Saturdays, what is it like on Sundays?
We may have the same mother. cc:
An investment is something that is done in hopes of a return, usually monetary. If no interest, what return do you provide?
DANG U STUPID FLYERS!!! GIROUX THERE WAS NO NEED TO "SHOW OFF" AND JUST RUB IT INTO UR DIRTY CITY!! EVERY PITTSBURGHER WILL GIVE #REVENGE!!
Optimist: Person who travels on nothing from nowhere to happiness. ~ Mark Twain
KG with the big put back. C's up 4.
the default ones are obviously designed for digress.it. For what other ones can work.. you'll have to experiment. Keep me posted.
we dont have any good news if the #GOP gets in & controlls. I think we could have been in great shape if congr did jobs
I meet another Flint town native last week E-brezzy
the favorite song we are hoping to hear is "Let's Go Girls"!!
stephen_hobson you are the winner! Follow me do I can DM you.
I'm getting into the braid show if it kills me
and i gotta go to bed now cuz i gotta wake up early
Who the hell is Andrew Garfield? RT : BREAKING NEWS: ANDREW GARFIELD CAST AS PETER PARKER IN NEXT SPIDER-MAN
So if one is driving from NYC to Arizonan. What are some stop recommendations?
thanks for the fanfare
David Crowder Band – Give Us Rest or (A Requiem Mass In C [The Happiest of All Keys] --- Most. Awesome. Album. Ever.
looked like you were going to sleep !
Thank you to for giving me my only valentines day card. <3 woo 🎈🎉
Looking forward to coffee with this morning - We're talking Pinterest, and of course, other things too...
$2.50 Tuesday! Get a Polish Beef Or Regular Beef
5 Rings, or not, don't make any Fuckin excuses for Kobe <<<< Yeah I'm bein like that cause niggas would be on
but maybe she was a cop. Er, reverse undercover style? Let's not give them ideas...
Urg mother do not stand outside my door listening to me play guitar. If I want you to listen I'll tell you .
why do we fight/ when invincible
GET BETTER AND HAVE FUN AT THE DOCTOR!!!
Of course, I also use gdocs all the time, and everyone has a Google account, so it might come in handy at some point.
G.M.N.I.: It's always nice when ppl kill themselves w/ their own words. Saves me the time & energy.
Do over This. RT Wishing death on Steve Blake's family over a fucking game. You're a fucking dumbass.
I don't hate school, just the people in it.
Oh, stop. You're awesome, too. Keep going.
#moms : is tweeting a lot of cool facts that might interest you! we can't be too careful with our kids!
thanks for the ff!!
happy monday fam!
come get it!
OK If the video is wrong and I hope it is. Lets prove it and defend you.
How come mary kate has 2 names and ashley has one?
it is, but it's so worth it :)
AH YEAH!
THESE AWESOME LADIES BRILLIANT COMEDY ACT LOVE THESE GIRLS COME OUT AND SUPPORT THEM AT THE COMEDY UNION TUES.NIGHTS
Prayers for Robert Kennedy Jr's family!
Don't bleed
"We'll build the trees two days before the oxygen, so when they're bored-Breathe nice and easy." ::half-handed cloud::let's build a planet::
16 days and the music will begin. Join the fun while showing your support for the Sac Jazz Festival. Satisfaction is guarenteed. Pass it on.
yep, in shep right off 65. Also in fern creek. And Brooks right off 65.
Of her. Have patience and FAITH.
“: Spurs are a cohesive unit with phenomenal Individual Play that is created thru TEAM play!”
I'll be on Cherry Creek later. How about you call me when you're done w/ your appt?
The Inspiring Women Scientist forum is getting ready to hear Gillian Small, Vice Chancellor for Research at CUNY.
A new year with new opportunity is coming. Merry Christmas and a blessed New Year to all!
I saw tonight finally!
Isn't that fabulous! Thanks everyone. We have until mid April so we must keep on this!
Practice with infinite gratitude to the past, infinite service to the present, & infinite responsability to the future.
love you too!!
Am not only Cuz a wile ago I gave 900,000 dollars in donations.... I'm not saying to were cuz it was unanimous
Daydreaming about summer... what's your favorite thing about summer in NYC?
you're arriving in downtown STL. uhm.
Its super duper's birthday! Woot woot!
Indeed, a brilliant idea, wifey.
On line at the #MET with to see the McQueen exhibit. Longer lines here than Disney today.
i can't even pay attention to toast cuz shes all over the place and would rather not talk to me
Spending time with my beautiful daughter😍😘😘
Asm Higher Ed Chair Marty Block addressing CSU Trustees on the importance of maintaining safe campus environments for learning.
S/0 to all my followers this beautiful morning..
More testosterone than a million fucking bulls in my family
DON'T BE AFRAID TO LIVE A LITTLE.
Merry Christmas to all And to all, a good night :)
Small Business Saturday is 1 week away. Will you be supporting small business this holiday season?
RT : Thanks to and his Organization of Information class at for contributing 12 new records to Databib
<<<<Saying no before letting someone finish what they were going to tell you>>>>
Touch my computer again, I'll spill your blood.
If you are going to lie to me, at least make it believable and better still, make sure I never find out the truth. Word!
DM me your e-mail address and I'll send you our co-pack manual.
I think Goodell goes for the kiss on the cheek next year for draftees. Dude shows serious love for them on stage.
I agree w/ - #TomBrady, he's my #FantasyFootball #QB :)
Kinect sensor permits users to operate the Xbox Dashboard interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
I hear there's a place in Erdenheim next to a friend creek that'll offer to repair it.
I can honestly say they've saved my sanity the past 8 1/2 years. Only 1 dry night in all that time.
At Druid Hill in Baltimore. Pray for me.
when r u coming new York!! Lol
chasing this weird French. Drink with pickle juice.
Also I have a new theory about the anonymous owner of the #archimedespalimpsest. That's just a bonus on top of an amazing exhibit.
absolutely! It's an embarresment to the UW and to the city that they let this happen.
Excited For New Jonas Album 20
Really think about this for a second, do I look like the dude that you want to try to throw out of the bar? Didn't think so.
True 90's kids have used the phrase "Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet."
Tell Bleu Mag ....."What's one thing you've always wanted to do?" RT
Thanks for the mentions &
thank you for style performance the #grammys Amazing.
Keep Calm & Love The Crew<3
Fab Design Tip: Use repetition in your home to create balance. Repeat shapes or patterns in different ways to carry your style throughout.
#ILovePeopleThat have #tattoos of #Bach on their back.
It's that time Suckaaas!!!! #FunkyFriday Muah from Dallas. Zuckerberg can I borrow a dollar son?
where will your taste buds take you?
You know #thatawkwardperson who has to tell you their life story just because they sat next to you.. Even when you use the "shut up" mmhmms?
HI! Good to see you, too. Been awhile since I've made it to the chat...
please please follow me!<3
No way is new kids on the block jammin on radio right now 👌
It's chilly. These are Alaskans. Spanex and running tights all the way down. No short shorts.
"Our government rests in public opinion.Whoever can change public opinion can change the government." Abraham Lincoln:Quotes, Quips,Speeches
YOU PEOPLE!?!..lol..
Ny Rangers taken game one . Hopefully Flyers take the game tomorrow.
Spending the day with le #bestfriend 💗
Before I go to bed. Love the show #Girls on hbo. NYC is way more diverse than this. Would love to see an asian or spanish girl etc.
real music? -.- I should bust your head wide open.
So I'm by the pool an danger comes on and all I can think about is cross country
Paul Martin MUST be benched in game 2, Niskanen in. Sickening.
it was really bad... now 6 people are dead
Meditation helps to guide the wandering mind into peaceful concentration that helps to build strength and character.
It is so weird that we are waiting on Walkersha & Kathy Nickolaus again. WTF????????
dialing now ;)
Good Morning from MooN&Starr
I KNOW !!! Counting down the days :)
Cabrera is really going to play third base. You watch.
I'll always love u
So glad im a women so I can hold my smart phonetic my bra strap
So happy it's friday! Anything fun going on this weekend?
#nowplaying Sayonara-,so good song! It makes me feel awesome!
Mind is buzzing minus drugs
Thanks! I enjoyed your post, too. How are they on comfort, though? I have very intolerant feet.
Haha!!!!! That was a good one buddy.
What is with panthers and bears such a crazy connection with them and players
Ijever is a fish. A fish who wants attention. Maybe we just shouldn't give him it.
Hoping that the textbook I ordered online comes tomorrow - my class starts Tuesday!
From my book, Milliganism, Motivational quotations and How Comes:Don't try to save others from drowning, until you learn to swin yourself.
I had such a great weekend with my wonderful girlfriend !! Now it's time to snap back into the boring ol' reality!
no I saw you have lunch at the amore with some guy :( looked like y'all were close
☆ "Letters start with A, B, C. Music starts with Do, Re, Mi. Numbers start with 1,2,3. While love starts with You and Me." ☆
that was potentially the greatest concert opening I've ever seen.
It may seem silly, but it does help. I did the same thing when I wrote my query letter for INK. :D
hey just wanted to say, you nice, caring, amazing and lots of other things. I am so glad we are friends <3
Yes I read that. What a wasted life.
shaun marcum hit somebody in retaliation last week.
I'm turning 42 the day I arrive in Katmandu. Wanted to see Everest up close for many years. Making my facebook full of info
SO I just got flowers at the door and the card doesnt say who they are from! Crazy! :) #HappyGirland THANKU
Blake's are so nasty bc he is putting them on people's heads.
Hey Fans! Please follow . She is a good friend of mine!
Let's get high & cuddle.
How da fuck is this shit so ghostly? I mean how is there no star trek torret at all, of any kind? lame :c
Maybe he meant Michelangelo. Will the training involve pizza and nunchucks?
Happy St. Patricks Day from all of us at Montaño Acura!!! Drive Safely out there tonight :)
so excited to finally be part of this wonderful club
Starting the weekend off right at w Live for the service, the people & positive energy in this salon. Worth every $$
I AGREE OR IF MY HUSBAND OR I SAY ITS OK
North Carolina lands four of the top 20 players in the 2013 class -- and it's ... - ESPN
Wishing everyone Happy Holidays!!!!
If you ain first ya last. You either a champion or you like everybody else
Thanks! “: P.S. Snazzy new website!”
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVEREYONE!!! 2010!! Bigger, Better, Sexier, Smarter, Richer, Happier, HEALTHIER, More Love, More peace, More GOD!
What Mr.Harper and his sycophants fail to comprehend is that the gov't belongs to Cdns. It's not his to do as he will.
The Deadman is officially twitterfied! Now, how in the heck does this work?
I may not be the Cali Swag District that can teach you How To Jerk. But I can be the Lil Wayne that can teach you How To Love<3
RT Bobby Valentine told me he met with the #Brewers but "nothing is ongoing" and no follow-up meeting has been scheduled.
Don't ask how I figured this out, but: follows on here. Man, I love the internet.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. -Samuel Beckett
#IHateWhen ppl act lik they can't go ah day without smokin
No just wondering at the miracle of the Michichip.
I would do anything for a copy of Pretty In Black on vinyl! Love you guys <3
#ciosynergy conference panel discussion -- very engaging, here at the Trump hotel & tower in
#OperationBK's final step almost failed with her signal, but i got the phone call in...haha, now its time for me to go to sleep and relax!
Income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf. --Will Rogers
NBA: King of the Court nominated for 2012 Webbie award for Best Sports App & Official Honoree for Best Use of GPS or Location Technology
#wcmf11 Mandy Jenkins - she's had professional sucess by making her own job
Ditto on the beer - I'd love to see you guys :)
Won my USTA #Tennis match tonight and our team won all 5 courts! Go Smash Girls! Enjoying a post match big salad as Elaine would say.
omg... I love that shirt!!!
Oh, tech issues just happen sometimes. No blame attached.
U know what pisses me off? When your dude asked u 4 a threesome but wants u to find yall a chick..nigga they want my pussy not yo dick
On air in Boston..kid from the street team is in the studio next door making a demo. I love radio dream..I was him
Why do seemingly normal people ask to connect on LI that don't know me AND provide no note for context? Am I supposed to sleuth it out?
Done! Check your DM's. Also, listing Paul Sommer and Manda Ostoich wouldn't hurt either. Manda works at the Scotty's in Indy.
Thanks. Here's hoping that we can help you stickK to your resolutions!
So what happens if I already did?
I keep telling myself "No More Freelance"... Then some opportunity pops up and I cant say no! Good thing I love what I do lol
Oh yay, haha. I'll stalk some shops today after work too.
That twitter tip from earlier should apply to following Gator's writers during a bball game or NSD...
How loud is the arena now.
We tipped off 's Scoops Carroll to the story of a streaker. Scoops delivers the man himself NEXT! 222-6000
This breakfast bowl smells so good* man*!!!!!!
LOL!!! Good tag line.
Additional 30% off at Gap and Banana outlets this Saturday? Ugh I wish I had time to stop on my way to Madison...
Cummings at tech forum: We want govt to work right & tax dollars spent effective & efficiently
So true. Every librarian, unfortunately, has been gifted one of those at one point. I turned mine into a zombie
Man....whatever it USA that make you think of that raw Shit...do not lose it.. u r most slept on... Period.
if BH is the worst place u have ever been, RHCP is doing WAY better than I ever imagined. And I imagined a LOT!
Follow my baby brother
- nope. that is sweet! its cool to see these companies really making usable stuff.
Who brings me chick fil a with no chick fil a sauce. I mean really
Where are you watching #USA vs #GHA Sat. morning? Which team(s) are you rooting for in the #WorldCup?
Just unloaded a truck load of savings!!! You don't have to be a millionaire to sleep like one! Get down to Mattrezzz guys and save big!!!
So true...": "Example, whether it be good or bad, has a powerful influence." — George Washington | #quote"
Is the real Eleanor? :)
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup (as a cofounder) email is
I'm still considering an #sfgiants tattoo. My buddy has Timmy. I'm thinking Cainer. Hm....
Hey man, quick question for ya, would you mind if I posted your latest blog post on the GSID blog? With links and credit and all
I never fail to trip or run into something immediately after watching a kung-fu movie. Reality bites, man.
Gotta take care of the ball. Not playing OUR game.
yes we are, hours tomorrow for our first Sunday will be 2pm. After,our hours will be Mon-Thursday 3-11, Fri-Sat-Sun 11-Midnight
idunno, the 420 ones did, though. :o
youre posting so many good articles i have like 15 tabs open
To be conscious that You are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge - Benjamin Disraeli
thank you for sharing our event! We are so thankful for your help.
I'll take you and TB in any game in any situation over anybody every time!!! Thanks for a great season!!!
Wireless on Copley Lawn approved/ready by Spring '12, double-sided printing 5 cents/page - Kevin Murphy, Interim CIO
Boesch on #bay: Have to be realistic, and cautionary in clean-ups
Happy Birthday to FDDS Director !! :)
#RandomFact: My phone background is of Harry Styles. , why u so amazing?
awww! You will have to take me there when I get back in town!
It's Cold outside....Try a Bowl of Tempura Udon....Dine-In/Take-Out/Free Delivery. 1620 Market Street....
yepp! It was a party...
lmao not anymore
4 spikes...not good
2-for-1 Marital Therapy Sessions
People who quote positive thoughts on facebook never seem to follow them.
Maybe less of a role for librarians in big science, More of a role around citizen science. Galaxy zoo, Cornell Lab of Ornithology.
what Moron came up with that? That's hilarious
crap, there goes Friday ...
Lol Zach randolph needs to get rid of them high socks
Care about the future of libraries? Today help program chair Joe Janes finish this sentence: the ischool MLIS program should __
tell me about it
Really, though, thank you. I appreciate the vote of confidence. Actually, the continued votes... :-)
RT : when you cant sleep you gotta eat
Some free time has just opened up in Studio B tonight. Send an email to roz[at]kmamusic[dot]com if interested in booking.
I had louisville winning tonight when the upset!! Yes!
Commercials r real. Ask urself if this is how people talk. Replace the dialogue w/your own words just to find the tone, then back to script
Stewardship and Servant Leadership - may latest article at www.mikehensley.org
great quote
Are you a current PVLA client? Fear not, we're here (with reduced staff) at 215.790.3836x1
You may be the most annoying announcer I've ever dealt with in my long tenured career.
- I could tell you if you'd like.
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
Hit up Walmart around midnight when they unpack deliveries. You'll have all you need. RT : Need boxes!! Anyone have any?
Yes, #Smash! Make it a soap opera! Ivy now reminds me of Sami on Days of OUr Lives.
#AmericanIdol Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing what she is doing she be on top never give up
Katie Homes to play Jackie Kennedy? Suri must have pulled some strings. People listen to you when you wear high heels.
spend about 1 year of your life looking
I know all bout that. I'm running out of time again. Less then 6 weeks
RIP Lee Roy Selmon
I'll be there in person proudly wearing my Nash jersey Five hours until
you found it you cray stalker (:
It hurts like hell. Hey can I text you?
Finally got to 403 followers! :D thank's guuys :)
The hottest 40+ year old woman in the world is ________? Correct Answer:
I think we need 2 support all kinds of healthy parenting Not all women r capable of breastfeeding and don't need to be judged for that
Sorry that our facebook posts also post on here. Some of our tweets might not make sense. Sorry Tweeters! Please "LIKE" us on FB!
Oh, Texas! You & your crazy, random weather. High heat & droughts for so long & now, not only pouring, it's hailing. Keeping us on our toes!
Conducting an unscientific test of our network. 194 more laptops and 51 digital security cameras added to the network this month.
fyi: it's a full moon this weekend.
Because! You are the amazing one here, not me..
Sweet dreams :-* bye.
yeah i will have a good life without you chris !!!
With and driving to San Diego. So fun!
Thanks for sharing Joy!
I'm surprised at how much it has drawn me in. Btw you look like the manager of Mondo Burger.
My cat provides me with so much entertainment in life. As loser as that is, I'm serious 🐱
Follow and for me please! We would really appreciate it! :)
Kicking off production on our (my) first iPad app content. Yeee, EXCITEMENT. Also #tonsofwork. Should be worth it. #ohboy,
In bed with and twugs!!
I think May is going to be my month!
Sharon baby
How are you doing keeping up with technology? Social media trends? The latest apps? Maybe my new post will help....
#WhatGetsMeMad "Turn your music down!!!"
No one txt me ... Mom has phone
when is that over?
You're lucky as hell!
Charles Ess: exploits new technologies for political influence better than anybody
RT : Good times with good ppl.
It is my hair... Haha
- No bad. Will inbox you mailo. Night.
#fridaylistens Still listening to Divine Justice by Baldacci - have to find more reasons (and more time) to listen...
hey my fav. Sexy housewife!!!!
ck me out on the web love the site!
And its nice and cloudy this morning. My favorite shooting conditions.
you should follow me(;
#kids Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids: Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids from Thursday, April 5, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Thursday, April 5,...
I'm changing my top name:)
Thanks Duane for the RT
Little bottle hit harder than you think. Good thing we have a driver and I can sleep in.
Also I'm not sure what "Abortion" for delaware means. Does that mean highest rates?
ugh Betty Draper is such a bitch
damn I'm jealous, if I had More than $6 I'd be out there too!
“: Before a photoshoot, make sure you drink beer and eat foie gras. #hollywoodtips” hahaha oh so true. Good times the old days
what's up look for my video of opening the package Jake
Way more excited than I should be. is following me on the tweeters. Can't wait to see the show in Falls Church on June 30!
Purchasing tickets for the NHRA Full Throttle Series qualifying at Gateway Friday, May 1?...
Just University Village, they are the only store busy enough to warrant brining in a bartender during the day.
Show at Chuckecheese soon
LBSCBFF is right - I need a pick-me-up like nobody's business. Accepting suggestions ...
is my dude. He's basically my Caucasian brother. That's my n*gga for life and I will always have his back. That's my word.
did caroline ever follow you? :)
woah.. crazy lineup
you work at bestbuy?
I got a weakness for bread. I love all kinda bread. lbs. im sitting here just eating these rolls like I haven't ate in dayss. lol.
I don't understand why isn't verified
You're a sub...if you start teaching, I will leave.
"It's not like I would have bought a Ferrari anyway..." Those are both used to justify stealing music/movies.
I have big plans!! It's gonna be a blast time ever, you'll have a splashtastic day
#Random If you read the comment sections on blogs even in the NY Post and others you realize there are some very bitter people out there!
I'm straight like an arrow from robin hood's bow.
Soo pumped for our show coming up this Saturday at ! Going to be a HUGE show of 500+ so don't miss out Sacramento!
Haha oh realy? Technolgy is moving far too fast for my taste we'll all be in over our heads before we know it.
I can never imagine myself being poor,homeless, or living paycheck to paycheck. I have too many goals and plans for my future.
imma laugh if he saw that!
So much more time for exploration & contextualization of history when reflection, research, and funding come together.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tautology in the wild MT : FACT: Highly effective #teachers can give students about 3 yrs’ worth of learning in 2 yrs.
Health 2.0 - where ppl who are interested in data and health topics come together #healthnerdfest yay!
they said the same about you (:
classic! me, you, Nate were all into them heavy!
I'm looking forward to a night of me, Wii, and Twilight Princess. I'm such a nerd - it's no wonder my sons are, too :)
An unclean system could be the cause of many health problems u are having. Your colon is like your bodies sewer system. Try CleanStart $68
Thanks... Its a Great Bed and Breakfast and we are starting to do so many concerts and Events!! We would love to see you!
I really hope follows me or gives me a Shoutout....I <3 him.
#FF: Places we would love to have on Half-Off Milwaukee: :
Come to Celtic Tavern to watch the announcement of the #World #Cup cities for the U.S. bid, and keep your fingers crossed for
A13. Bacon, Fresh Breakfast Sausage, Smoked Pork Loin, Ham & more bacon on the side, stuffed or crumbled on the top
I fucking love the palladium. It's the most legit ass movie theater ever.
omg!!!!! aw.. that is awesome!!! congrats!!
#CurrentlyEating Crepes with cut bananas & dipping sauce (aka syrup). Dinner = curry. Home cooking just went GLOBAL.
hello everyone chloe mortez here :P !!
seems like a lot of my friends had a bad day yesterday.. somethin crazy is in the air! I'm still SICK too & not getting better :/
When someone is talking look them in the eye absorb their energy put your complete focus on them as if nothing else in the world exists
3 crybabies and a baby the movie of course skip is charlie sheen
It would be hard to do since I'm not there to watch it.
I think older communities (PL, downtown, La Jolla) are more likely to use neighborhood names
yup with no shirt on.
love it!
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad. ~ P.D. East
boo! Such a disappointment.
an entire generation of orphan birds. the greatest generation.
#ghlive Does anyone know if Jason & Grant heard a woman moan earlier?
the French king has met his maker. guiotile
Aww that's so super sweet...you guys are awesome!
Ovie/Holtby > Markakis/Reynolds. Oh well, just go win tomorrow O's. And suck it New York.
starting to read Accidental Creative, too!
Yes, AMZ is a threat. By being irresistibly easy, it could make our more affluent patrons care less about us.
When people claw at your feet and swim really slow once they pass you!
We have a very fun contest coming soon and we will be announcing the winners of last week's contest tomorrow! =)
would you like to not travel alone?
: The gift that keeps on giving.
Finalizing details for the 1st EVER RETREAT in Evanston this weekend is super fun!! But super email-y. : )
I will not share my pearls with those who can not grasp nor believe.My gift is discernment.And I have seen.
What are the odds that Delone Carter doesn't take another hand-off this year?
him on ellen was.. eww. icky live performance. the dancing was dope tho.
Enjoy Dana Point and the conference ... good catching up today. 1.5 hour drive back; well played dinner decision
I'll preorder one if your lovely fingers get used to type me a reply & click my follow button ;)
i want some oreos & milk ^_^
What part of Northern VA are you from?
Happiness is a how, not a what; a talent, not an object. ~ Hermann Hesse
two weeks from today we'll be firing semiautomatic weapons without a care in the world.
welcome back!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Wheldon family during this difficult time.
Not bad, need more of those out there for the people to buy.
I got new sunglasses! #theyalwaysdisappear :(
Pshh im so cool that Bieber is in my blood now u no when u c me u c a Belieber(:
CNBlue and FT Island together on one stage my dreams are coming true right now!
I really want a nice phone >.>
#Hoosiers vs. State Penn action at 2pm! We know you got this. $3 Miller and Coors light bottles today!
I promote bands online. and pass out fliers cds t shirts ect.. and we do interviews
ha nah dude if they would take what we made id def be down to do it together
Kreider's effort was awesome to watch.
omg I Love the new icon!!! Btw ily
sure what day works for you and what time? Cause I still have work this week
Have you heard?! David Puentez is coming back TONIGHT! Still no cover before 11pm and only $5 after! Doors connect w/ at 11pm!
sounds like you made a bad decision.
In my hotel there's always someone watching.
Wow, great control by Torts not to sucker punch Pierre right there.
If I was an idiot, i'd run out and buy an iPad tomorrow.
I met u at buffalo sports when I was in high school, now I'm In college come see One of my games, I play at ecc !
thank u...
It's the Ben Brust show here at the KC. The kid is feelin'it.
people are so dumb
thanks...back at ya!
I miss that about Colorado.
BRB GOTTA GO SHOWER AND DANCE
Nothin like california sunshine
Oh #Netflix... why -_- Maybe if you had more diverse choices of film & TV, people wouldn't resort to other sources and sites.
Only assume if you're questions have gone unanswered!
Is it wrong to want to run off to France with Ina Garten? #GastronomicalAffair is the new
You know we, cali niggas, know how to ride by...
absolutely brilliant. If possible I cherish him more now :)
It usually goes somewhere around 500.
are you getting any dental work done to help the pain?
“ When you separate yourself from the fake, they tend to call you fake, No its called MATURING & REALIZING Whats REAL.”
you still haven't followed me!! :(
#dctech panel kicked off w/ question about platform wars!
I hate being the jealous friend. But I friends with both of them before they knew each other and now I just feel left out. fml.....
Making my Ian Kinsler t-shirt look business casual.... #openingdayproblems #GoRangers!!!
and have struck an official partnership for sports-related check-ins.
#civility: Assemblyman works to bring both sides of #California Legislature together on daily basis.
I don't believe in political correctness only political POLITENESS. We can be polite yet ALL THE MORE BOLD in our proclamation!
So hungry😔
wow what a joke...
Send as PDF saves storage space. No need for two versions anymore. Slick.
lmao ilooked at my recent calls idid but it was a butt butt dial! lol what the voicemail say?
I'd be curious about how it is in the UK too--if you end up blogging about it please share!
u bite size huh
That would be funny if it weren't so painfully true!
You hang at Level these days? Mwahaha
Well just an hour left until my bday is over and no Happy Birthday from you :P
be aware of potential scams Phishers obtain public info and blast texts & calls hoping 2 trick people into giving personal info
...amazing experience. Now I TOTES want him to win. (I'm a sucker)
#Manning to the #Texans. That is a Super Bowl winning team right there.
Whats up man? Haven't forgot about the new tracks you sent! Will be posting soon. :]
me too
i cant wait to see you tomorrow for freecember :') im so excited!
#FF cause Kaylee is cool, in case you didn't notice ^^ I miss talking to you girl, hope you're okay! ^^ xoxo
win. Have a safe flight to OKC.
Umm not that i just had a water fightt. Smh im so childish lol
I can't stand people that disrespect their parents..
your finally on twitter so why don't you follow me 😉 I love you 😘
In the spirit of #musicmondays everyone FOLLOW music producer and sperantsa supporter!
On my way to San Fran to meet more young aspiring stars.
IM BACK BITCHES!
NYC is the easy choice for institutional and foreign investors who were burned investing in secondary and tertiary markets in the last cycle
Why does it always seem when your Dog-ass tired from a day on the run. When your finally able to catch some Z's, suddenly your wide awake?
OMG. Lol. You just made my day.
Monday, April 2: Tune into C-SPAN at 9:15am ET for an interview with 3rd prize winning film maker Avika Dua from Walnut, CA.
Welcome to the future of news~! (Don't worry—I'll invoice you for this tweet!)
#Aries generally are not looking for a long-term relationship, although at times true romance does happen to find them.
I actually saw horses crossing at a Horses Crossing sign in G'Burg.
Should I trust what my dreams are telling me?
Looking forward to seeing you in Indianapolis next week. Stop by and say hello, stay for a drink or12.
Almost time to watch my girl #AnnaMoon on #BodyOfProof 2nite! So inspiring :) #teamVictory!!
It's like 2.5 boobs per minute on that show. In the 20's apparently ladies were topless all the time.
freaky as she wanna b .. ima let ha gone in b .. she can b ha self any time dat she get wit me
of course! How you been Ms. Chavez?
OJ is what happened to the grizzlies. Fucking free throws and OJ
Love the fact that they play New Orleans Bounce music on the radio in Philadelphia. These people have no idea what they are listening to.
Thanks for the RT!!!
Indeed I do!
i havent tweeted in a long time.
New on tap today, Union Jack IPA. We loved it in bottles, we worship it on draft.
The Eaglets are some real classy girls to end up on The Dirty lolol
What other members of congress and Candidates support #Occupywallstreet #OWS ?
RT : wait. So I can et a membership for three whole months for $99.You can ise the gym 24hours 7 days per week.
Fyi, some of Daglow's design materials for Utopia are in the Strong Museum's archives (Rochester). Fun to see the screen templates
Home now! Going to have Christmas again!
It's such a beautiful day in sf & I'm almost over my cold...yay!
Rule #8 the money is in commercials. Go get it!
Keep calm and carry on
Will Chase Budinger leave All-Star weekend to go jet skiing for a couple of weeks after this, too?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Looking to hire licensed female thai massage therapist. Please email for more info
lol! Have fun(:
BOTH CREWS SAVED ! Oh my gaaaawd <333
Sumbdy txt me
Glad you liked it!
imma give u the tracking number lol
Bad idea to wear my TR wedges to the infield tomorrow?! I can't decide!!
Good morning Brian...hope your havin a good week so far. Just wanted u to know I was thinkin bout ya. Hugs!! Lynne
that's insane! Lik who does that?!
Several #HealthAffairs articles indicate higher valuations for metastatic #cancer and end-of-life Tx
thanks for following my new tweeps!
I had to leave early, I'm feeling sick :(
SepiaTownsperson P4ugo just uploaded a great set of images of Arkansas to SepiaTown. Check them out and add you own.
#20FactsAboutMe I wish I could change so many things about myself..
Like I said, I'll try!
i'm just a dude from the northwest who sings in a band, writes poetry and takes pictures of pretty trees. you asked.
An actors senses have to be alive at all times.
Agree. Completely. RT : Life is too short to put any energy into the negativity others want you to participate in
Looks like people everywhere are scraping their windshields with everything but a scraper. What object do you use when you have no scraper?
when the cat is away the mouse will play? Sadly I'm working with the game on in the background.
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
The fans attack her first. She just has the balls to defend herself. At least that's my perspective.
Go on and try to tear me down, I will be raising from the ground
Go follow my new twitter :p
haha watch the replay. He didn't even try to get in front of the ball.
is my babe. she makes me horny.
All Marble Restoration is a leading marble restoration company servicing areas in West Palm Beach, FL! Follow us for more news!
Experimenting with recipes for my Tea Party Business. I eat them anytime of the day. Looking for really different recipes.
Drenching your food from BaBa's in BBQ sauce >>>>
hey spammer atleast try reading about people before you spam'em to make your pitch more effective. Fyi, I AM my own boss.
Dr. Viktor E Frankl~ The last of the human freedoms - to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances to choose ones own way.
Factors prior to the 20th Century often had to warehouse and sell the goods they were consigned.
“: Southern accents.” what is a pretty spiffy album by Tom Petty.
very cool and oh, wow we are old!
Long: "winning teams have high expectations of one another, they practice to perfection and have enormous confidence"
have a great day!
Polo On My Body..
dude call up Paul Maslin at PM Woodwinds.
More than 90% of seniors who enter Transitional Housing Program successfully transition into permanent, supportive housing.
yes. open house party at your house. (;
RT : I have just been trying to figure out dinner....
.21 days till boyfriend .<33 Can't wait excited .
Learn everything you need to know to prepare your mind and body for the amazing pregnancy journey at the April 28 event.
Are they hiring profs who specialize in "The Last Thirty Years"?
Ditto! :D
Lux condo's for sale in South Florida, contact us for more info
Pretty sure it will be free. However, if you DM us your address, we'll send you a fun thank you for your input!
did amazing at her fashion show! Great job love you<3(:
Why does God keep making Gay people? Because he is a Democrat and wants to fuck with the Republicans!
Camel, pushpin, alphabetize. Take that!
awe thanks babe I like it too
"In my town, the sound of dragging knuckles is normal."
Enjoying my day off. Watching some everybody loves Raymond.
Follow the yellow prick road
If I have to read, analyze, or in anyway watch critical film theories, I am going to go postal...this means it's time to watch MST3K! YAY!
I love your default picture! soo chic =)
MEHNDI WORLDS: Wedding Hairstyles for Long Hair Trends 2012
9 days left until c-mas......
Surprised captured SD GOP endorsement so easily. That's a big win over Dumanis and Fletcher. This race is really heating up!
I have so much respect for He always stands up for what he believes in.
WORLDWIDE PACKER NATION behind you all the way!! GO DD AND PETA GO!!
No u weren't keep it real.. u gotta make a buck, I understand
Went with Imogen to watch part of the #LAMarathon this morning! It was awesome!
I used to be a student like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee.
Love. The best or worst feeling you'll ever feel.
okay... Do you remember the strawberry shortcake cartoon char? I loved her.
Fa Sure! The custom line will be crazy!
Bonjour ! We absolutely will! Be sure to follow ! Merci
going to bed. Later, bro.
sounds good!
Why do Friday's seem the harshest lately? Used to be they were the mellowest.
Yea ! NP ill say Hi if i see ya next time .. Come to Halo Friday ! Check ur messages btw
I hate that!! --->RT: Standing extra close to me while waiting in a line is not my thing...
why you gotta crush my dreams like that, Brit? :(
Sporting is handing our Garmin GPSs at their company xmas party....is this a sign?
So this is what it looks like to actually watch a game? Man Ive been missing out...we look pretty damn good
i took up on this couch at around 9 am this morning for revising this lovely paper. with a few breaks between, here i still am
Oh, I will tell our hostess that you're in love. :)
who's Cat fav Avenger?
I need to change my bio.
Got my bag full of goodies n pulled out my debit card, dude sd we dnt accept debit. Really?? Its 2012
: Like with all freshman, you should be doing more studying and less Jell-o shots. Also, cut back on listening to The Verve Pipe.
I'm definitely already at the "I don't care how I do anymore" stage in my studying..
Thanks for spreading the word about LePeep coupon donation to Indiana AIDS Fund! Appreciate your support!
so scary! And sad - article said they had to put 500 down last year because they had no fear of humans
Heading to Vegas for #Kobalt400. Look forward to hanging out with team.
I wish i cared who wins the world series
hope you're feeling better man! Awesome show last night. Gave Jon a picture to give you, hope you got it...
and some would argue it's been expanded.
BTW let's qualify for state
Haven't had homemade in years. Good for you!
Someone is here yelling up the elevator shaft at me. I told them where I thought I was.
If you ignore me cause of you wack ass boyfriend...
What we do in LIFE, Echoes into Eternity!
She's in a better place now & isn't suffering anymore! Love you Domii. Stay strong <3
there has to be a better way to remember all of these passwords. if you use the same ones - not secure. can anyone help an old lady?
that is awesome indeed!
Shake it to the floor!! grabb that monkey!!
love your show i watched it sicne it firstarred
Keep me on your list, will be glad to tell you all I know about BR
why do I want to sing "I wear my sunglasses at night?" :) or "I"m sexy and I know it?" Nice shades. ;)
Not for nothing but Santorum can't win the general and Newt is cool but doesn't have the money or wide enough appeal. ABO
Saw this Youtube comment: IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO VOTE HIM IN, THEN WE WILL VOTE HIM TO POWER HERE IN CANADA. RON PAUL IS GOD
lol. Im teaching that to jocy
I find the term nerd offensive. I prefer the term intellectual bad ass.
lol u talking bout R truth?
urrgh, school - tomorrow
Edson Barboza, Terry Etim Knock out of the night!!!
how long u been in washington
If this holds up, there's no doubt//RT : Dicky V's on board. Who's next? RT : Did someone say LSU vs Oklahoma St?
Gov dont let the people down you have a chance to create jobs and bring oppotunity to az sign hb2127 dont pigeon hole it again
Students Need Jobs
Hope everyone has a great Friday!
HA Prichard and his critique of moral philosophy/ intuitionism can run and jump
Looked inside the bag Coop packed for the beach and found that he packed his baseball glove.
i back this hard. not the penguins. all of these amazing people. go bears.
I was actually surprised that you enjoyed Never Let Me Go, in my mind that book seems more "girly"
Anyone remember the giant rainbow parachutes from elementary?
thank you as well! Right now everything is 50% off or more! :) ;)
Play is how kids learn to exist in the adult world.
One person in this convo has been home by 3:00 almost everyday this week. I don't know about u Drew, but it wasn't me!
I was gonna say it myself but I held myself back ;)
yeah!!!! I'm from Indiana!!!:D
My fave way to start a letter: "Dear Sir: This is a request for information under Indiana laws on open records." It's like magic.
Wait which ones Emily?! RT : Holy crap! Emily from this season's Bachelor is sitting right behind me on the plane.
haha you in class?
Good day! :P nothing lyk the usual day at JHS!! ;)
RT if you love your fans from all around the world. :)
Thank you all for making this last hour fly faster than even I am used to. It's been fun. Now I have to get back to my layout work
is that good or bad?
its not wade, its about chemistry. Id start shane battier at the 2 & bring jason terry off the bench. They'd win a ring
My dog made my sliipper her pillow
yea I know I can't wait!! You comin along right?! ;)
Of course it'll just be between us. I won't Tweet about it.
should a child have to have a business license to have a lemonade stand?
You're welcome! Just don't make me regret it! :)
We were out of the office all weekend (& yesterday), so we've got a few nice things to say about some more #followfriday peeps. Stand by...
Thx, JenEJ! Already having a ball!
Sandbags, Storms flood movie equpiment emergency management prepared ness Missouri water government
Tollway says online comments, and written and oral public comments in hearings were very favorable to the plan.
Would you like it if they live broadcasted EDC like they have with Coachella & Ultra?
Oh, and one more thing: A big thanks to my UCI and CSCW families. Thank you for all of the support today -- it made a world of difference.
i'm staying with you the whole time in june! :)
hi RC happy wednesday to you
Bachmann: "I asked Switzerland to become part of America and when they refused I canceled my citizenship. I can get my chocolate at See's."
Meaat a bad bitch white wine
Looks awesome; take more pics. I'll have to stop by and check it out later.
well good morining now(: im from fresno ca what about u?
I'm not living right, I'm not living life, I'm not living if your not by my side.. <3
thanks for the RT!
#QUOTE May the God of hope fill you with all joy & peace in believing ~ Romans 15.13
By the way, how much is UCLA paying these recruits? How you gonna get THAT kind of recruiting class after the past few years & the bad pub?
59k in the triple chance 2 levels to go running hilariously good
Thanks, following, #dogood #donate be a #changeagent!
The movie??
Thanks for stopping by to celebrate the weekend, our anniversary and #4sqday with us!
Working while packing for London.... hope I escape before the snow hits Seattle hard
#10thingsthatareattractive playing an instrument
I will NOT be dumb enough to disclose when and what the post meal munchies consist of..
Wow tonight's tour sold out just now, last minute rush! See you tonight and if you isn't get a spot see you next week!
is projecting a Romney win... is still covering Santorum speech...hasn't projected winner yet.
ugh I am in :( time to get rid of the chub chub
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.
I love my bitches. They make my day(:
that makes perfect since! That;s totally acceptable.
Looking for Windows File Systems Developers and SQL Server OS / SQL Kernel/Replication Developers email for more info. #ntf…
Some people sure are creative with their twitter usernames! -Jared
is *mostly* cross-browser compatible! going as far back as IE6!
yeah, they didn't handle it well at all but it's no big deal really. Eyes on the prize!
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. -Zig Ziglar
Sorry my account was hacked for a bit if you received spam from me im sorry :/
Follow HE FOLLOWS BACK
stay in touch! You were great!
I'm guessing most people didn't think #Iran would impact the 4th quarter of Game 6
They be raping everybody at tosh.0!!!!
i survived! Home in PJs and drinking tea. Nice work for an Irish man, me thinks!
looks dangerous ;)
Do not be surprised! The tree never looks like the seed!
never say never~
dam it sucks to be a bulls fan might aswell jump on that heat bandwagon
@ @ lmao i knew u was gonna say that shyt u need to change that twit pic lol
Pretty intense week filming on Manic Mistress. It's crazy having them not tell me how to play the character - guilty or innocent.
i would try to help but i have 3 followers
RT : RT #Selena #RIPselena she was NEXT LEVEL in the music industry.
Maybe she will. Do you have a problem with strong Black women? Cuz I wanna know if you do.
follow my new page im deleting this one
I can't stand people who were born on third base and think they hit a triple.
Just saw you guys on Last Call...now craving tacos...so where is tonight's last call? ;)
Ey gurl, you're one-in-a-million...(there are roughly 700 people exactly like you.)
People keep saying I've 'changed' not really I just met new people
Dale Hunter will now serve as a consultant for the Celtics during the rest of the playoffs
Will there be internship opportunities soon?
I secretly think Nils is hot (via )
I hate Texas.. I need to move somewhere cold. Too much sun, heat, and Stupid people.
First six seasons of Mythbusters free on Amazon Prime. Well that expense just paid for itself...
i would like to understand this.......
great time in NYC w/Inside Straight and recording new record. Big ups to everybody!!!!!!!
Freaking HOT I just can't even explain how I'm freaking out right now!
stupid ass hangover Smh Man lol n I got so much HW to do
I think my dad worked for you at Mason Co Jeff Hinson? He talked about you a lot when I was little lol in a good way!!
is it on ESPN ? Time ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Been flying in a Cessna but i wonder what it would be like to fly a WW1 fighter plane , i guess you could say i'm bi-curious
that's just creepy. if you didn't see that from Jessica I don't wanna know you anymore D:
lol. Im doing well, and yourself?
there are some real winners at the bar right now making me appreciate even mor that I never had a traditional college experience.
#ff one of my new followers spittin some good wisdom
Watching #NICKjr with my wittle sister! Those were the days, when I used to watch this! #BLUES CLUES AND #DORA ALL THE WAY!
is over. Disgusting. :D
to be completely honest, I thought you were like 29-30!(:
Reading this website!!!
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou simple God, My family, and my real friends
#WeLoveYouWhitney you will truly be missed
anything put together by people is going to have errors, and then there's where records get sketchy and one gets ...
I painted the words, yes. I'm going to print out the picture (it's my moms) an put it together and frame it!
As it turns out, it was smart to plan our layover in my hometown
Mc'd deluxe breakfast on point!! :-)
Day 2 of #C2E2 ! Come see us once again at J-14 in the Artist Alley ! Also buy art from the bearded aristocrat
“: You are one in a million<3” imagine Austin actually saying this to you(,:
Happy birthday the the best person ever lol
I'm still sick. Stress really does a lot to a person.
Crazy but fun night. These are the moments when you just can't help but be thankful for your
Fucking Ballard has been fucking us! CATCH THE BALL!
As Spartacus ends, Game of Thrones begins. Life is good.
Sometimes the people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it.
agreed.... 70 million customers around the world... If not more...
As leaders, we all want our team members to move forward with a presence of inspired certainty. Dean's post tells how to get them there.
He's right, I'll do anything to take AB's away from Reimhold. RT orioles could make sense for abreu, who wants to play 2-3 yrs
only becuz i know ur taste muzik too well
Russ, man damn! you fake -__-
Very interesting point guys....hm....
Lol your welcome ! :)
Thank you for the RT! You are now entered into the drawing!
he stopped liking beautiful souls of girls lol
I heard the Lord Mayor was involved as well. Is that so?
is the best thing ever!
Looking forward to a busy weekend -Lunch w/ , party, BBQ with friends, photo shoot, and hopefully a nap somewhere in there whew
how the hell are you there already!
Like Your Historical Fiction safe or real? Gritty GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle Amazon. #Civilwar #Hooker, women in camps.
Our very own Matt Esslinger will be speaking about increasing ROI using multivariate testing #socializeconf Oct 21-22
Happy birthday love you!
thank you!
I DONT WANT IT TO END
yea right? Have u tried adding me yet?
How come Ryno good enough to interview in person for team that just WON the World Series but not the Cubs?
it only took me 3 weeks.:) ahaha
oops! hope that gets better!
Who do you call when you know that Batman's Batsignal is not real...
Let's go big d hold them
Definitely chose my career by math needed RT : Uh oh is making us do math! Calculate customer lifetime value
Eat cheap week starts tonight. Retweet this and you could win a free meal!
Got my septum pierced :)! <3
On what planet could this ever be better? Clearly not this one.
Earl Buys performs solo piano works by German Master Composers: #Bach, #Beethoven and #Brahms. Today at 2:30pm! Bruno Walter Auditorium...
Starve the Ego, Feed the Soul
Today I bought dried prunes
These fucking mini panic attacks when I get stressed need to fucking stop .
Gov. Scott Walker (R), WI, is met with his 7th day of massive union opposition toward his attempts to eliminate collective bargaining.
Our kids are working hard for their Spring Showcase on April 26th! They'll be out showcasing the awesome skills they've achieved.
thanks! Excited to learn :)
Nothing like going shopping and only spending $14 on $36 worth of everyday stuff with
Just saw Santa walking on 26th and sheridan
Silence on matters one knows not. Wisdom too rare.
Major congrats! Do you know who you'll be working with yet?
Salsa Saves Lives tomorrow 10am-2pm! Free chips and salsa and ice cold water while you adopt a loving pet in need.
yea...the big guys in white coats make me take them....they say it's good for me. RT : um meds???
I already do, go me!!!! I'm so excited to see you at warped omg????
Just Because That's Your Close Friend... Don't Mean That's Your Real Friend...
see u there!
#FunFactOfTheNight Kevin Durant is really good.
Very wise: Dont be so arrogant & extra picky with your mate..The best way to cherish & love something is... Imagine you lost it
OMG great news! And I'm coming back for a few days this summer to see some family/friends :)
#zodiacfacts do Not exist
All I want to do is to sonify my tax data (instead of doing my taxes).
don't complain!
ok i did
Impressive. Dark Knight Rises is gonna beat that though.
followed. follow back yeaah?
Okay, I think me&kelsey just about died laughing at Niall's expression... Sydney:" Teeheehehe Niall! Omg!" him: O.o
so sad about the VT teacher that was killed tragic
me too.
Future of museum's bright if we remember it's about the message, not the medium. Hence this tweet- in- ink, on paper.
Are you serious? If the Yanks or Phils would have won, I would NOT have watched. Now I will since Yanks/Phils aren't in it.
Dear man on the subway! Thank you for making the train ride hell for everyone else with your loud ass music! You suck! Love Matt <3
Head of Daytime One Life To Live - Julie Madison -final 4 months of filming. Last chance to get on the show!
Wow, at 999 followers now....Who is going to be our 1,000th?! :) Thanks for following everyone!
We gave in and bought a mega millions ticket. First time ever. If I win, I am going to... probably hide?
happy birthday dipshit, looking forward to celebrating this weekend
When you're ready, we'd love to share your paper on our blog too! Ping us when ready.
Aw cant wait to see yeah :)RT : Today will be a good day!!!!! Ready to support my ladies
ARGH THIS COMPUTER IS SO SLOW!
That was fun! And u reminded me that on occasion I can actually sing
along with Saunders last night
excited is close to being open
Soo unreal. Ill miss you so much pawpaw..
. does think prostitution scandal is a symptom of wider problem of laxity and winking and nodding culture at Secret Service
Welcome newbies! Did we mention that FELON FITNESS is available in eBook form for your Kindle?!?
Had a nice meeting with Hugh last week at your offices. It was nice to finally meet some of the #entrust team.
Are you kidding me Dwyane?!
set up and grillin, come on down bike to work day if you show me you road a bike to work to get a dollar off any sausage
My last MBA tourney for the season. Tomorrow and Sunday.
It's weird because I like, never black out.
yea idk my mind's being a bit slow right now lol
Nick Charles graced Baltimore with his integrity and talent ... and he touched the world far beyond .....
Just watched that episode.
I'm watching Words, Words, Words. When is the next Comedy Central special so I can hear Nerds and Helluva Ride with decent audio?
Not sure I want a program to confirm how ugly I'm feel'n :/ But hey, cool concept none the less
Kale chips are in the oven!
Hey. Sup?
they also make you fart
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy dom~ hope you had a zentastic day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
Goodnight to you foolish one. Sleep well and dream--vague dreams of adequacy.
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS!
BOOK stands for B-boundless and useful O-organization of entries O-out from K-knowledge and ideas
Thanks, Mary!
aw, shucks. thanks, max! see ya in nyc this weekend?
shit I gotta wear two to hold these bad boys down! Lol
Happy birthday ! Hope you have an awesome day! :)
that was so cute<3 lmao. I'll catch you some other time.
Get that rest beast! I'm there Sunday. Row 15 on the 5 yardline in a yellow monkey suit! After your 3rd TD, point up 2 me!
CP3 is letting me down :(
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has. Henry Ward Beecher
Wow, big time...
Come get your pre-Valentine's day at European Wax Center, so you're looking and feeling great on that special day!
they are my dad's old collection. the $$ is going towards something for our family cabin.
Ready to go D! Heal fast, we are gonna need your versatility for the playoffs!
I'm just gonna stay single until realizes we're meant to be. <3
“: #Libra will reveal their sexy body in a modest way because they don't like to be a "Show off".” Depends on my mood...
Global warming my butt! It was dang cold on the bus stop this morning!!
Fantastic! See you there!
yo gonna watch mayweather fight tonite with my mom and her nd gonna be a crazy fight
atleast there are still the New Teen Titans shorts comin :) on CN
WT bloody F?! YES! Must see Wilson!
Listening to three stodgy dudes discussing merchandising at They totally don't get it.
I get annoyed so easily
Happy Birthday
The questions surrounding Shaq's career. Are the same questions people ask about Mike Tyson.
sometimes i think i feel my phone vibrating in my pocket when its not even there.
Yuroooo ! This YA Nigga TY Thee Human Follow ME But Anyway We Hitting UP The Studio Today &Coming Out w/ a HIT !
RT if you still Up.
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments
love u too bro always good catchin up
: Very good photo!
where the same people<3
soo if your not following me or im not following you and you add me on facebook im not accpecting sorry
Opening Skype on my laptop after a 10 day break and it is FREAKING OUT.
"The present is the point of power" Jane Roberts/Seth
I really really really want to see the descendants!
It does indeed. That's why we're working to make prayer easier for all. Please see: www.birdofprayer.org
That's love!
We all want to see dance with you and talk about their new book!
its beautiful'devri :) btw I changed my username xD
Officially done moving despite the rain and cold :)
I didn't even know there was a Daughters of the War of 1812 group.
L found a bird this morning. Most likely it ran into our patio door. We're half way through Bird Watch 1.0 before taking it to the rescue.
I focus on NC politics
My mom isn't here today (not like that...she's on vacation!), but still proud to say "Happy Mother's Day!"
Admit it, we all feel cool when we walk around the mall with tons of shopping bags in our arms.
I think #oomf & I could've been cute but oh well.
Your home is much prettier.
have you heard about our top secret international super star dj at First Night?
UrockTour 2012 darichboyz Getting to the money 'Travel the World"
You should start Tales From the Apartment Across the Street From the Independent. But like for reals.
Thanks to all of our sponsors, followers and those who came out this past week, for a successful 2009 Indiana County Fair week!
People die every day here, Death don't play fair.
Best definition of Tangible Interaction Design so far lol "You create meaningful conversations with desks"
I found it on Elk Grove Blvd :)
he hits 5 I got wood. Dudes a straight up beast.
Do ya wanna? Do ya wanna wanna rescue me?
The Silk Tie likes Stu! If you liked your tie better would you show more of it in your profile pic? thesilktie.com
i unfollowed you back when we fell out like 8 years ago i never followed you back sorry :/ & i miss you too
Congratulations on the win!
Everybody knows, wants to know.
if you make it downtown again, we should make out. Or something.
you're beautiful, funny, good looking, "phi"erce, smart, talented and reminds me a lot of myself (: keep it up
Fantastic choice. Essie is definitely one of our faves.
I'm the definition of an annoying drunk girl
I wish I had sprint sometimes. This AT&T throttling fear is annoying.
Hope your day gets better :)
I'm really excited for you guys! My 2012 Resolution is to not let anyone throw off my groove and I know y'all can help me out!
Me to Stress free RT: I like keeping my life private and intend to keep it that way”
Make it all the way to Venetian to play PLO with 4 people from Winstar. Standard?
RT #SideChicks Need Luv Too!...S/O To All The Ladies That Found Out Today
Wats up wit facebook and the miley cyrus post i bet its another virus
I love the entire NHL playoffs. I dig baseball but can only watch the Yanks. In hockey,I can watch any game it's that exciting.
just saw a commercial for Esperanza Spalding! :o
I'm not going anywhere until it has been. =)
congrats on your #49ers. It's nice to see the red and gold in the hunt again
#Jimmyfallon jack black singing on how epic is that :)
Hi wish Bri was online!! IM LOOKING AT UR HOUSE
Makin slaps at the crib...! My beats BANG!!!
Thanks for following! Enjoy our tweets!
S/O to the Beautiful Ladies of Divine Adonia and the Handsome Men of Divine Adonis
Setting up wireless in Baileys Harbor for my parents. Woot! No more trips to the library pavilion for wifi
Someone should create transparent solar panels and use them for windows on skyscrapers.
Crikey, what a week!
for a follow back go follow
olive garden?:)
Well now I'm going to bed :b
Nothing else matters much -- not wealth, nor learning, nor even health -- without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
I'm going to eat my lunch while reading a cookbook. What? Don't you all do that?
ugh infected belly ring. -_-
Gonna miss you, Lincoln.
I miss on #Idol this week. Ugh. I still believe the wrong person went home last week.
I've gone through three dozen eggs in FOUR HOURS.
kitty snuggles and maybe a wordy dird, or seven
I hope cheerleadinng Try-Outs go well !
any thoughts on adding a zip/download link to ease downloading repos?
Taking the from MI to IL and really enjoying the ride!
If Tebow goes,so do I and my season tickets. Been a fan since 77 but can't fathom mistake of letting best winner since you go
Attention Casting Directors......child actress/model looking for open castings
“ Hungry ass hell b !”
At Jim n' Nick's BBQ with Claire, Kaleena, and Sarah(:
What's a good site to shorten long links?
Congrats to the IU class of 2012. You finally made it.
Today I don't feel like doing anything. I just wanna lay in my bed.
Yap, see you at ICA and catch up!
It must be sports season or something? Well anyway, go sports!
I'm very glad u enjoyed it! I hope everyone will be able to analyze their studies w/ new method I proposed!
Words of Wisdom Wednesday! "It’s kind of fun to do the impossible." - Walt Disney
I've never been more excited to eat food in my life than I am today.
Hw the fuck u think twitter and facebook make u important u gotta put n wrk to get to a certain level n life u desire#real talk
I get joy from the littlest things
Falling asleep to rolling thunder and
Hanging at #jazzlinks jam session !
Tonight is our grand Peruvian Dinner with ! Who's coming out?
In a cab, with my fabulous assistant Leslie, on our way to the gift show! Gorgeous day in NY!
Song of the day: Burn It Down by Linkin Park. A step back in the right direction for LP.
If you click read more it brings up a screen with you in it and it says use code MUSCLESGLASSES until he returns.
get some people from crusade to go!
Why does hate, jealousy, and greed take over our minds and lead us to destroy others? When will we begin to live and let others live?
Thankfully, someone had the good sense to pull the fire alarm on this meeting.
how very Leo of that cat! :)
“: Do you think Snooki considers herself to have an old soul?” Great question! ?
yeah but I'm not first! lol
I went to it b/c I stopped driving and it's easier to transport. Should have switched years ago.
i'll DM him for you. :)
RT : Still in shock... Thank you America!!! You picked the right guy... Congrats You deserve this.
Ignorance may be 'bliss', but it's still ignorance
Yes! that's perfect! Can't wait now!
maybe you should promote voting for something that matters. I love mtv I'm a brainless,idiot zombie.
Looks like a big walkup.
Get to know ur breeder. If they hesitate 2 show u around-red flag. meet w/ ur pup 1 to 2 times a week til ready 2 go.
What we do for us, dies with us. What we do for others and the world, remains forever
changed my icon! I just made it! (:
If I had bonus features I would pawn the trophies.
I have always paid 1st month before moving, next months in advance. Usually if you mail it, it must be postmarked by the 1st.
RT : Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing. ~ Benjamin Franklin
wuzzam my nigga i been fucking with kc...he was asking bout yu...check the vids on youtube geezy504...i been getting it in
And after the way we lost the lead and the game to them in 2010, I'd like to see that rematch.
Glad to be part of the conversation!
with the kiddos tonight while mommy works.
why tf isn't my news feed on facebook loading? I'm tryna see something!
You are very supportive and appreciated! Joe
RT Seven years, $132 million. Lions reportedly just gave Calvin Johnson the richest deal in NFL history.
you call it irresponsible,i call it life...now go get one
Formulating startup ideas for recovery of lost Kindles on airplanes... $AMZN
“: Thanks again to from Noodles & Co! Awesome catering for our session " Thank you Joe
Why do people want kids to act like adults? I think adults need to start acting more like kids.
At 7:10am was already number 28 to vote
don't worry we're gonna have a blast over spring break let me know when you get here
- great Liz! We still have a chance!
ur icon>life
Last years wishes are this years apologies.
