RT : as long as you're here with me I know I'll be ok
seriously but their stuff is so cute
Flip Murray's coach at Shaw was T-Mac's coach in HS so maybe they can play together
Check out our new Facebook page for the Raleigh market!
you for Louisville or Kentucky tonight?
RT : On #LeadChange Today: 5 Uncomfortable Observations About Workforce Diversity
Nope, I use It's amazing when AT&T doesn't throttle you after heavy usage.
Works fine for me. Hope you're feeling better, having a good weekend.
Happy Valentine's Day! We're looking forward to you joining us for dinner tonight!
Welcome Shelly, Cindy, Mona, Jill and Tracy! Thank you joining us! :)
What to expect when expecting
Promoted to Lead Esthetician at Massage Envy Spa in Hermosa Beach. My team is awesome!
The Day Ahead: No Econ Data, Rumors of Greek PSI Dealy, and MIP Grandfathering
At the Hilton Hotel in Minneapolis for a photo shoot.
And that's when I called Will Farrell.
B*tch you bedda be following back.
I was pulling for Buble but Roger won
When mr.torres tells is to read a story <<<
"Generosity and togetherness and community all convalescesscens into...morale, thats what I say, so..."
Alors on dance is playing in the place
Have your favorite yea recipe listed on our new site with your name. Email recipe and your name to . New site in 2 wks
Thanks, spread the word..and hopefully see you out dancing!
would you say that if the celtics make one more shot last night?
oh well, had no way to know...when does it get cold there?
Boston just put them out
People be saying I'm funny, laughing at me..Like, WTF!!!! "My fat ass ain't said SHAT funny!.. So WTF!.. Is yo ignant ASS..Laughing at?"...
Sure I'll tell ma' fraands to do the same if u want.. :P
College Graduation time! Time for all the fashion majors to get back to workin thier local McDonalds drive-thru!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Military Army-Alan's Letters by Nancy E. Rial - Gold
Now: Queer Transnational Intimacies and Imaginaries chaired by Lisa Lowe
Don't give it up. Many mistakes will make something beautiful in the end.
SANTANA "INTO THE NIGHT'...bad ass guitar m
If you're looking at picking up Wolf's option for $10m or paying Greinke $20m? Lose three starters = 100 losses?
....and once again i look stupid :l
haha good time I bet u guys working tonight
They wnt give me the time of day for sum reason.... I wonder y ???
We consider bloggers press. in fact, we view book bloggers as a vital part of the future.
hey ur hot(;
there's no hotels to have my party at 😔😖😢 so upset
have you been doing that test for like 49464 hours? « Wow my teacher gave me the wrong test. What is life?»
I will never get tired of hearing "Jesus Paid it All." The words penetrate right to my heart every time.
It was too late notice! Sorry we missed you - tonight won't work either-thx for the kind mentions though.
Just a quick thought...I want 2 say THANK YOU 2 all my followers/supports/likes...whatever you want 2 call it! I call it friends and family!
Sad sad situation... JoePa needs to step down; Cancelling the presser not the way to handle...
so what is there to talk about??? Convey showed well Sat.
Doing anything good for #StPatricksDay? Take a road trip somewhere local and celebrate!
Just saved somebody's paper by suggesting that, when discussing Samuel Taylor, she might wish to say Coleridge instead of Colrige. Good day!
A/S/L
penny Marshall - Laverne!
With the 294th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Vernon Wells
Bus tix are cheap and I'm staying with a friend, so it won't break the bank. The program looks so amazing!
I swear i need new music -.-
6 Things to Know Before Starting a Business
Riots in DC after Jason Werth gets first meaningful hit with the
Thank you sir! Making coffee right this instant actually! ;-)
Don't let a day go by that you don't tell those closest to u how much they mean to u because u might not get another chance.
There is danger in both belief and unbelief.
endgame will just lead to defan and being brothers but from what the writers and people are implying I dunno :/
They better be going to see Shabbaz too. “: This type of inquiry normal for top prep players, usually covers top recruits..."
I hate using my phone while its charging :o
Forgot two really important things....well I guess they weren't too important.
- biggest problem for #klout is B2B space; corporate buyers don't engage in same way as B2C. New formula needed.
Hey your madonna chat is saturday with a live audience? Not a normal tape day..so how would one reuqest tix?
hell yeah and you you pretty descent wit rapping to. You should do alot iof rap.
they lovin the crew.
Also, Jackie, our event manager, , is from Pittsburgh and says hi! He voted for you on AGT :)
Bout time u followed me back, u dork lol:)
Really? Did you get a DM or something? Thanks! Will change the password, darnit. Cheers!
you missed a good night. Beer by the cases. :-) have you started the wire
you have the best quotes
Friedrich that is
We still need employers in NC,SC,TN,FL,GA,LA,MS,KY,and AL. Post your projects for free! Its easy, get bids, get best price, get it done!
Anyone know of a good deal on #Pilates in Manhattan?
Day 4 of vacation and my cold hangs on. This is just wrong!
In no way is this a "Good Friday" for me...hungover as balls. You're welcome Jesus xoxo -
GROOVESECT at the Maple Leaf tonight!!!
Thank so much for this. <3 Let's see what we can find out, shall we?
When are you opening in Chicago? I want to work for you!
why people edit the shit out of pictures to where they have no nose, just to make their eyes look cool, i'll never know
yeah! you were always lauging!
Some new followers, great local businesses - thanks! , , , , ,
So it would be 7 locked in?
is that by Eric Sloane?
i cant wait to see it... you are the greatest!!! I love you<3
Scent marketing: Women with testosterone driven HQ also more likely to be sensitive to chemicals, so stick with natural scents (food, air)
u should follow me now
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
MONTREAL, QC tonight @ Underworld Live w/ COME OUT!!!
Agreed! their event metadata model is very helpful for thinking about issues digital provenance
I hear you are coming for Wine Friday next month! Excited to see you!
Why have white buildings if not for this film "reveal"? Getty's Pacific Standard Time opening.
"No, Firelord Ozai. YOU'RE not wearing pants!"
forgot the critical #carsmayoralcandidatesdrive hash tag
There's not enough Chicano hip hop artist whose name doesn't start with lil or ese. The game needs a rapper that can turn it up.
I think should follow me cause i'm part of #TeamTurquoise ahaha :)
Cmmon Hawks u can do this,you can beat these grandpa's
Those are just the same rules you originally posted, but not reblogged
i don know why i love if he is a ordinary boy ... ok no XD
405N just past Euclid multi-car crash, all lanes closed. Freeway backed up for miles
The still have a lot of good options available! Come on !!!
Watching ridiculousness :)
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 22
When Scott Walker lies forgotten on the ash heap of history, we will still have Cher, and she will look fabulous.
They'll win tomorrow. This is #LeylandBall- win one, lose one. We lost today, we'll win tomorrow. As for FRI/SUN, sell the tix
haha me too
Absolutely. When Pau & Bynum dominate the paint like we know they can, they're a dangerous threat to any team.
She told me french kiss me...bitch im african
Powder puff practice was cool tho (:
Looking for a great place to lift? Look no further than ! We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
Temper takin over
That moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the water is too cold.
I dont wanna go to school tommorow i had such a relaxin weekend #waahh >.>
Y RT : Poll--&gt; Y/N: This week is The Shittiest Week Ever?
Start planning ahead. Memorial day is looking crazy toptional here! Can't wait! Ladies call to get on out VIP guest list today!
My kitty's spring is stuck under my couch and he won't stop crying :'(
Oh sure! My pleasure.
Talking on the phone weirds me out. Talking on the phone to a professor... that's a whole new level.
Andy-We might have a solution of high interest.So far, we have kept a low profile but effective Jan 1, that is changing. 9204505404
I know me too..just when i found out :o
they taste like turnip mixed with cabbage. I'm not a big fan, but they make stock yummier. ( you're a... ringworm)
#milwaukee Need custom moulding made really fast?Have a knife made in 2 business days thanks to #weinig We supply customers with options :)
Oh, yes, I'm afraid it is. At least it's what my job is like.
An hr away from home
Hmm * dusting for prints * Aww thanks you've made my morning!!
Taking the train from NYC to NJ on a Friday night
#whatsderekdrinking Old Grubby Porter
thank you! Jenna was quite helpful. Weighing options now!!
How can U be ready 4 the end of the world? Seems 2me we been monkey-ing round this whole time, like we ready any no way how
RT : Reporter: "Any security issues with looting?" Bloomberg: "This is New York. We don't have that sort of thing."
It's the best thing I've ever seen.
M dinner! “: Make inside-out BLTs for dinner: Mix diced tomatoes, crumbled bacon, mayo and croutons; roll up in lettuce."
right that's what I'm sayin', they want us to pay or keep doin' collabs like u mentioned or else they don't pay attention.
Thank you: did go too fast, didn't it?
oh ur so cool cause you shirt, snap back, and shoes match and claim you have swag. don't confuse personality with ownership.
girl I have a scheduled maintenance this Monday, 60,000 mile service; $550.00 😖 lol
yes, i heard you! i am so very serious about living my real life
Tulsa .... St Vincent... Cains.... Hey Mambo for cuisine
I freakin LOVE when we serve Squab ! Nicely done Chef!
Happy Happy Friday, friends!
oh yeah
Calvin is first player in NFL history w/ 9 TD receptions through first 5 games of season
It looked great! I don't think anything would have lasted through our marathon shopping adventure.
leave the guy alone and stop being so bi-partisan. We are all Americans.
its a song dummy
Hazza's pretty hilarious drunk too, though. Larry drunk is the best.
Are you ready? Like READY ready? This is going to a mini workout that you won't forget anytime soon! #9RoundMinute at Noon.
waiting on my neice to be born so excited i am about to be an auntie again
This is just the thing: an individual, apparently the only measure of the social under neoliberalism, cannot protect against chemicals.
Mini-office remodel underway - will post photos soon. And hope to have exciting news to share about the practice...
Pissing little kids off?
“: you sound like David lol” wow
Hahahah, you're welcome. yeah...you're not going to go to sleep. that thing is addicting. lol
Singing Taylor Issues (: <3
not yet! :) Happily encamped on Pocahontas St. (childhood home) since last nite. #notgettingshitdone xo
Free Anazing quesadillas chips and dip at work for cinco de mayo, I'll take it!
Do u think uve ever recycled something and then used it again later but in its new recycled form??
RT : Girls, keep sitting Indian style on stuff. Lovin' it. No further instructions at this time.
well It looks like I'm not running the half marathon this year. I can barely walk today..
Fartsmell trying to buy a call
Oh man. That oatmeal has been in there since fall! I need to sort it out.
The First Wave of Player Endorsments will be announced Feb 6th 2010... Stay Tuned!!!
Big Night Out cooking in a suite a
Hoping to get plenty of tips on blogging!
Right On Beautiful i'll watch :) We love it when your on :) besos
Tv shows are just rich people being stupid
Make sure you Link with
Beware the Ides of March... though still always better than the Ides of April.
Isn't a baker's dozen an extra one? I don't know. Just confused myself. Dammit.
RIP Maurice Sendak. Wild rumpussing will never be the same again...
As much as i adore Hello Kitty, im gonna have to let her go :( Too many hoes on the dick.
Strictly speaking, there are no enlightened people, there is only enlightened activity. - shunryu suzuki
damn shame.. lol
Long day tomorrow off to the tag office to get my tag so the cops can stop stoping me! Ugh
#SLB I need emails.
Libraries can't compete for commercial content, so why try? Service should be focused on empowering/enabling community creation
time to even up this series! Nashville needs to stick to banjos!!
Thanks guys! Lets rage. RT : Happy birthday to let's party!
Thanks for the follow from a Torontonian in exile since 1972!
Glass House was packed tonight but my Blue Raiders couldn't get the win.
kk ill be on it soon !!
Hat! will work on pics! Party! :) You were kind to give hat.
here terreculas had 3 tds last night, u watch it?
most def....and do the same www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
How often is the CPO stock refreshed on the vzw website? I'm looking specifically for a cpo thunderbolt. Can you help?
Hope you two are having fun. Lillian is drawing a picture for Santa. :) And she is pretty tired too.
Furious and Happy at the same time. #furiouslyhappy. Merry Christmas eve! Kids alseep. Santa almost here. Mom almost asleep.
The best thing about using sarcasm on the internet is that even people who are thinking the exact opposite will agree with you.
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. Pablo Picasso
My cousin boyfriend childish. Lmao .
The same girl has been in our store every day this week trying to shop lift.
The commercials are driving me nuts, it's not free money. It's the gov giving you back a portion of the #taxes you already paid.
At lunch with mom and sister...dad stepmom and brother randomly walk in.
Looks like you've made it a long way from MD. Congrats man. Glad to see that The Mountain served you well.
Kyle Singler? Really?
How sad is it that Portland radio is so bad I just considered putting the kids' music on in the car. Without the kids in the car.
How many times can you accept the apology of the same mistakes? It's not even a mistake anymore, it's more to your choice to do it.
It's desire and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living
The people who take risks are often the ones who end up being the happiest.
Absolutely!!! Especially if I'm not the one cutting it! Ha!
Hick Red Band Trailer
University of illinois basketball
Yet another extremely embarrassing game. Yet another, yes another, losing season. Pulling for my homey, Michael Vick. Bye Skins!
how could you hold out that long. i get every morning.
“: San Fran what up? it's only 8:30 right now.” go to bed. big game tomorrow.
looks like Ron tonight!!! Played excellent D and looks leaner, faster, meaner!
Wow. James Turrell's art is pretty much what I think about. Light and colour. Nice touch, mang.
Tonight! invades in Philadelphia!
damn u really are
kept me up till 4am, such a bad influence.
"Where is your assistant or...what do you call her?" "My wife?" Oh, office talk!*
Had a wonderful time at the annual luncheon today! Congrats to their team!
black bean burgers & Labyrinth :)
“: Girls suffer from PMS, periods, cramps, childbirth, shaving, plucking, makeup dilemmas and high heels. Guys just complain.”
I'll totally admit it. My first crack at a dairy-free coconut cream pie filling was...not pleasant. Onto round two.
did you for real do that HC3 on your lip????!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!! Wait when did all my girls become mommy's!? What ever happened to meet me in the club it's goin down?!?! :D
Thanks and ! We're so happy with it! There are some talented and extremely creative professionals at !
I can't wait until senior year! :D
RT : something i thought i'd NEVER ever do. just admitted to on TV that i have tattoos. didn't me to out you!
do you service palm desert? I just gave out your number if so!
amen 🙌 RT : Life is fucking good rite now!
Where can we find you before or after an O's game?
the TV show Frasier. I watch it every day.
God bless you all who followed me ... thanks
love. Tickets are cheaper. Food in general is cheaper. The field is actually mowed. Maybe the A/C will be turned on.
Cutting out snowflakes. Feeling artsy.
Magic Number = 25!!!
Had fun with Jenny ;D
I know right, and last year for us 2011-ers? Been pretty sweet for the last two years!
played great today, and to all the haters out there, keep on hatin' #HAAAAN!
Who do we bring in?
is this a lyric or real ..lol did her dirty
Been talking to on Facebook! Man, what great support they are for HPH!!!
Thanks! RT : HFD to my dad, and my uncle, ! have a lovely day guys!
What r we doing this for? You promised us we were gonna change things. You said we'd get jobs, interviews, Itrusted you. Look what hapened
Bringing up a child in the chaotic conditions of poverty must be something like building a skyscraper on quicksand.
Its about a hundred dollars a minute. 5 minute minimum...also depending the act. if I have to hire people etc.
I gave away all of my heels. Not. Worth. It. I'm a city girl & always walking:-)
time for movies and rdv later. what is some good movies out?
haha its not its small aha!
Thanks for the retweet! Helping others is one of the best ways to feel better about yourself!
Lake George NY, batueax below inc created shipwreck celebs; and preventative measures to curb unintentional diver damage -
thanks Steve
Thanks for Retweet !
on the show now! go to queenofthering.tv now
Meliztzana Imam didn't last very long...was there last night. Everything was amazing, however eggplant was sorely missed!
you look so cute in this picture. this is what i call SWAG
I look good.
The Pilot episode goes live at 5! Check back in 45 minutes!
Only thing I saw was Ben's sick ass fro!
If you would stop attaching cutesy signatures to your email, then I could mass delete your messages much faster
Thank god tomarrow is Friday!
Chef Hicks is cooking up a storm in Ft Worth.....
Had to tell her face down ass up
Good Morning! Looks to be a windy day here in Pittsburgh!
TOP QUALITY RABBIT HUTCHES !
Came home to a birthday card in the mail from the president of Bronx Community College. Made me smile real big.
Adios Hanzal. Enjoy getting your golf game back before your teammates get theirs. Absolutely stupid play. What a moron...
Just to visit the sister. Reminds me of New York. *sigh*
Its an amazing song & MV. ": So I finally watched the video to 'Father'!!!! ^^"
cereal bar in McMahon was a success! tomorrow is Breakfast For Dinner at Hillel from 8-10! Hot breakfast!
Thanks for bringing this to my attention. Nice to see all of this data in one place. When did the page launch?
My dog is scared of my Mom.
Thank you, and : Yes! A pretty great day!
Woke up this morning to what I thought was a miracle. Turns out, I slept with my contacts in. Looks like it's a glasses kind of day.
Thanks WJSU 88.5 FM for broadcasting my recordings of How High the Moon and Cry Me a River this weekend! Aloha Jackson, MS!
ALERT: Attention bikers, don't get off your bike in the middle of a congested road on campus. Someone might run into you. (via )
Stay strong.
id like me some titties with those fries
Not holding to the keeping it shtum plan then?
yuh should stop before you get unhealthy its not good D; im tryna stop too not really workin lol
I forgot I should be tweeting.
Sister got smacked for screaming at my mom
#going #through my #updates and
U been on the same level since high school...upgrade
I wish my parents believed in wifi.
BBQing? Come and get all your bbq food items...try our delicious marinated chicken!
more: looking for best .NET (C#) or PHP interfaces/SDKs for Dropbox
On GW's birthday, surprised to learn that he lost all but one of his teeth ( according to John Adams) cracking Brazilian nuts in his mouth.
I don't know if I like this echofon app yet
(this series only.)
I want some subway. Lol
Suppose I should quit being lazy & get in the shower #1ofmyflaws ha dinner date tonight! What is everyone else in #milwaukee up to tonight?
hey twitter ♥
yeah, I didn't even think about that when I got the tickets. Only realized today.
Y when u driven u look over at sum1 they look rite bak
Looking forward to boot camp tonight w/ !
#erl12 included in subject fund lists: titles, sub source, LC class, usage, cost
hi trevor!
I hope you know that you know nothing.
Ready for the weekend
Most RSVPs need this option RT One of the checkable options on this RSVP is simply "Regret."
#GamerPickupLines If I hit your box, do coins come out?
Fuck.he was hot.and funny.And of corse flirting with my friend:/
Check out Yale's ANTH 172 vs. ARCG 172. If you're checking out A&A then try Chicago, Princeton & Missouri depending on Culture
Good morning :)
Yes im in
Welp, Time To Call My Baby Bacc!
"A troublemaker plants seeds of strife; gossip seperates the best of friends." Proverbs 16:28
I've seen Powerhouse demos, nothing specific to Refine though
haha I know what your checklist includes bro
ah you're too kind! THANKS!
Listening to Marcel O'Gorman describe reading > making > writing pedagogies for intervening in hyper/deep attention binary
"WATER BALLOON WALLSTREET"......COLD FRIGID WATER....that would get their attention......FUN 2 !!!!! LOL :-P
Do you want to get and updates in one place? Follow us at !
that good baby
"gonna talk shit? do it right: in person: accurate information. Not just what will ralley your little friends along" -someone on instagram
First team to 70 wins?
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? (: .
I felt bad because you'd already retweeted it, but I couldn't handle it.
Not sure. Lot's going on that day. But, I will let you know. I'm sure it will be a great convention!
Yes, yes I do love salsa.
i hope these niggas dont think its gon b easy they whole lifes
yo momma so nasty she gotta creep up on her bath water
Thank you! You too! I'm in the middle of moving. Sold my house & hope to find an apartment this week :)
Bummer 2 of the morning: the Summer job I really really wanted is done hiring. Officially. I need a new plan w less than 6wk of school left.
Me and hannah and kiana are in a single swagg circle. We get pizza sometimes and kiana said tht she is gonna be all alone bc we like som ...
Thanx 2 Lithium for hosting a great event - enjoyed hearing from Best Buy's Gina, Motorola's Randy, Leapfrog's Jaeme + Verizon's Becky
I miss you!!!!!!! :-( stop being such a stranger slicerrrrr
We are about to come out with a 3 tier deal on Groupon. Look for it people!
There's plenty of COM swag that we can bring over if Eddie wins...
nf follow back (:
#odd arcane laws: California law prohibits a woman from driving a car while dressed in a housecoat.
I can't smoke right now my G. #MoneyOnMyMind RT you no I'm always the same ole mike.. Come thru .. Blaze n
Nice one!
I remember this used to b Chris B
Are you the female North Beach lifeguard responsible for having that handsy 58 year-old Jacato Drive resident detained?
Anybody know if the bar at the top of the downtown Milwaukee Hyatt rotates? Or did I just make that up in my head?
Hhaha.. Me too... I just write stupid things...lol
do you still watch the contest videos that people made for you?
Sapong's tried the diving header about 7 times now. He'll get one
I sense embarrassment in my future...the kind of embarrassment that takes you back to middle school. HAHA!
uh oh
Let's get the white russians consumed and get the rest of the 35 girls drunk! ;) Let's do this!
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
"what's for supper?" I've been hearing that for 43 years...
Thank You! I missed that game, Can't wait for the season to start again! Any plans to do it again this year?
can u help me plz and thank u :D
Cause I don't know who I am without you
no not yet :(
u didn't see Kat today?
Within minutes of posting the Big Island location, we had a Kauai signup also! Spots continue to dwindle.
Is there a term for when Windows blue screens as it shuts down, causing it to reboot and start up again?
there's no cure for that INSECURE
Monday is here again! How was your #HCG #weightloss over the weekend?
'Cause I totally love baby sitting until midnight, then taking late night showers on school nights... smfh.
Can I buy dopamine off the street?
I did something bad yesterday that I felt horrible for, but I know I'm going to do it again, I just wish I didn't have to.Downer!
got tickets for tonight? We'd love to go
sure, just let me know I would love to share my experience
But my name is mel :D
How much better it would be if I were outside right now! SO BEAUTIFUL here in
There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos.
Police camped out on da met niggaz aint doing shit but bbq'n and playing cards thisty ass
I definitely thought MGK was black
I miss talia Andrea and mayra so much.
Hunger Games premier!!!!:D
Chillin Till I See The Lady Later
The beer is flowing like a good piss tonight!
Just played pokemon for 2 hours in class
Any Dragon Boaters out there? We'll be looking for you Saturday am by the Esplande(Sp) Ask Duckey!
Wishlist 2011: Bourbon Barrel Abominable w/ classy wax coating.
I have. Very tasty!
Im so lookin forward to this weekend.
yea I definitely spilled some last night but I can still smell it and Im half ass hanging so it makes it that much worse lol
LAKERS STILL STUCK..WITH THAT SAID..TIME FOR EVERYONE ATTENTION TO B ON FIFA WORLD CUP....
she's the best for the twitter love!
My mixtape wasn't signed either and I was like number 16 fam!!!
RT Thank you and rest in peace, Peter Marzio, from another whose life you improved w/o ever meeting. #hiwi ( less so now)
Dam you two beers! Making me have pee on the way home!
standing on the Mountain tops in Colorado making lots of noize for the <3
Hey back at ya! Lol I'm good
I think you should have the new Rdio now (+ access to mobile apps) for 2 months. I won a trivia question & could give access
Fuck this TAKS! No reason for us freshmens to come to school.
Thanks to all for entering our twitter ticket giveaway! We have ended the contest and winners will be notified shortly.
See you at the Kickoff Party? RT Heading to Indy tomorrow for the Championship. I'll be the one wearing red.
Yu Darvish has a nasty, nasty breaking ball(s). Better?
It'll never get old not in my soul,my spirit will keep it alive
Retweet if u got some bomb ass pussy n u know it
No, it's sold out :(
UP ALL NIGHT! Reading out of all things!
No way! So, do we. We also like kids who are into looking confused about being subjected to rad doom riffs for 45mins.
RT : Hey folks at conf: Come to systems-building networking event tonight, 5-6:30, Fort Worth 7!
I heard he's a real asshole! RT : have you met yet?
Tonight: 'Contagious Behavior' | Ladies, receive Open Champagne Bar by texting the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 |
Thank you so much!
We had a great meal last night at Muzita Abyssinian Restaurant on Park Blvd last night with good friends. Great company, wonderful food!
you're thinking you want another RedBull!
I love your tweets!!(:
that won't win Barkley the heisman though...
Businesses are not stagnant - they are either growing or dying. From at Leadership Conference.
i left my window open a little last night. ya know so i would have to cuddle up cause it gets colder. but now i have a sore throat:(
...my brotha...how you been? We aint rapped in a minute....hope all is well...
When I hear "Wear My Hat" by Mac Miller all I think about is you. Even though it's such a gay song..
Thanks to everyone who turned in an application yesterday--we can't wait to read how you're going to turn Baltimore upside down!
sorry to miss you. You're doing interesting things & would like to talk with you. Will try to plan ahead for anaheim
The birds in my "hood" (neighborhood) wake up at 4:45am........ I was going to try to sleep in 'til 5am........
That dream IHad last night:) oh my!
Killed it
i can't wait to be 17 this year and 18 next year lol. and i know time has gone fast.
Rendezvous! Excellent choice for some Memphis style dry rub ribs!
Thank you!
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' TOSHIBA has just left with her Wonderful loving Family :)
Already tired
I bought the very first sweatshirt but I apparently suck at getting your attention....
UH-MAZ-ING!!! Hahaha SO excited for you to hear it!!! U rock my socks off!
Kiss Our Belieber Ass <3 LOVE THIS!
RT if your #zodiacsign is a
Well look who decided to join Twitter. Welcome my homie to the Twitter world. Everybody follow him.
"If you are looking to combine tried and true Sales Training with state of the art Social Media integration, Ron Nash is your guy. Ron's Li…
Looking forward to seeing #COMMUNITY back tonight! I'll get home just in time. Would love them to do another episode!
In range, just waiting for that brace from Corey Ashe. Oh, wait...
Another FUN morning of PT awaits for me tomorrow. Paying constant copays when you're unemployed kinda drains your bank account :/ boo!
Back from a long Sunday morning walk with my sweetie. Chilly air, sunshine and breakfast burritos, now coffee and football. Ah...
Wizards beatin the heat
great seeing you the other day! how goes it?
Thank you and right back at you
Sorry I'm not gonna watch some pathetic low life bring down one of my best friends.
Spring cleaning time? Get your exterior powerwashed or repainted, or perhaps some interior painting? Call us today! 877-912-5252
#NewFeds tip3: if you can't answer the question, admit so, that you haven't come across it, but are willing to look into it
Also carrying a minimum of two crystals on myself including a special one given to me by EZ of xoxo
Their fondling nuts just to make ends meet
Whats the boys twitter names?
Really excited to see The National and Arcade Fire tonight!!
we had something of a mix up today, but we will be at union station this Friday =)
Q -6 is right out of the book "The Busy Homeschool Mom's Guide to Romance" I rate it a top 10!
Why is bob vila following me??? O_o
Just realized that all us girls are single this summer...& we're kicking it off w/MDW in VEGAS!!!
The promos online right now make me laugh more than most 30 min. sitcoms on the air right now.. agrees
I'll give it a try. Still feels like weird concept to read a book on iPhone.
at you are officially number one on my most hated companies list, congratulations.
ha I make em not make an take care 1 or the other
how did I miss this event?! I've wanted to try since I learned about it a couple of months ago.
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I watch it every week because it's MST3K level riffable.
Gett a broom and hit the ceiling while screaming :)
Congrats to and on their new marriage. Great things lie ahead for MOMA's Digital Learning initiatives.
Watching Whitney's funeral makes me think we should celebrate our lives like this Gospel choir does, but when we are alive!
Music is beautiful. You're attitude is so far from lyrical.
Snuck a peek at the bio.
Well My Night Has Ended Well..! Night TweetHeartz..!
you're welcome! 17?
You're just a big fan of saving messages!
#behonest2012 was so AMAZEBALLS!!! Can't wait to show next year.
thanks for the tweet back jerk! ha
Give him more head than shampoo.
thanks for the follow
are you talking about our hippo?
Go Follow--------> for a followback from me.not kidding!Im watching.go guys!
Yes, incredible image.
Mike Bordick commentates like he played. Tries hard, a gem every once in a while but mostly average.
Last call for #CSWCPWOODS today at 2pm! Last call!
:Hey! Thanks! :) I'm good...lots of things happening, good things! How are you?
Agreed homie. And the new batch is all that.
hi justin bieber i AM an over obsessed fan
I don't think he did. ADARN SCHETTER is not a credible source.
LIKE US LIKE US LIKE US!!!!
Walked home from work today. Picked up heavy things repeatedly at the gym. Then ate an entire Tombstone pizza...
holy shit... I'm having a major breakthrough with r. Omg I can't even.
10/5/1938: German govt ordered Jewish passports marked with large, colored "J" so Jews can’t pass as Christians & smuggle into Switzerland
That moment when you realized you only accomplished 3 days of school
Stopping the replay of what you could've done better and trusting your choices (and your booth Directors), makes it even more enjoyable! ;)
Just don’t give up what you’re trying to do. Where there is Love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong. -Ella Fitzgerald
first things first: huge cuppa coffee, and 15 minutes of to start the day.
There is no greatness with out a passion to be great.. Anthony Robbins
: what's your problem #sinner? Too many no's at the fair and u had to resort to that #slumpbuster from yesterday
Video Production Service's #MusicVideos #EditingJobs #Commercials #Rappers #Artist Search Facebook For David Michael. SwagMyVideo.Com
thank you!
can't wait to see it!
"Jesus the name that charms our fears, that bids our sorrows cease; 'tis music in the sinner's ear, 'tis life, and health, and peace."
me or her or both? Lol
Is still haunted to this day by what I had to do for that Klondike bar..
Sometimes I wonder if I will ever be good enough.
#PCA okay I love pca but im tired of tweeting
the members of 1D are to cute!
Last Science Librarian hours of the semester, now til 1:30 in JE114.
Ive recorded more in 2011 than any other time of my life
I'm tired of sneezing :/
I'm fine baby and you? Are you still havin' exams or what? Good to see you back, darling
P.s they were deseptogons. So then my phone would transform and smash them.
Long hair don't care
Need a Marquette GIrl to pass out Flyers for our COLLEGE NIGHT THIS THURSDAY!
Fuck fuck fuck a duck screw a kangaroo finger bang an orangutan orgy at the zoo.
ma la rawe! I hope you're having fun!
Blue Man Group tonight; Orlando in a few months. The life of an (almost former) Provost is tough sledding.... ;-)
Don't let anyone put you down! Because you're a great person. And sexy. ;) HAHAHA! Love you. 
Don't be fooled. I love a good business meeting where I get to break some balls ;) x
Hitting the stage at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is Orange Avenue at !!
MORNING SORRY BOUT THAT TEXT YESTERDAY UMM CAN U SAY WRONG PERSON LOL
needs to accept the fact that I always win!😁☺
Have plenty of charcoal. Could do either.
alright, so is there anything in particular that you guys would really LIKE me to post about? i'm all ears.
All teenage girls are obviously skanks. Yeah that's logical bro.
Who is the one actor / actress that you've not yet worked with that you would like to?
Prayer changes things!
sometimes, something isnt meant to be, and you cant keep trying to fix it.
Don't think it's true- you have ppl who just want to read facts & ppl who want to dialogue. 2 diff kinds of learning
Want the My Barbarian PoLAAT soundtrack
13-1, finally no more undefeated talk.
If you follow tell him and he will follow back
Life is amazing :)
wrappin up this new song ive been writing gonna record it when i get back to the studio tonight
Royals prospect.
hashtag is # wcma (With a "c." I made same mistake, which is why I saw your tweets.)
what are you doing up this late?
Presenter: Every moment of the day is an opportunity to share you story.
lol I was only leaning like a cholo
This year’s Homecoming festivities will be celebrated the week of 10/8/12, leading up to the homecoming game on 10/13/12, Pitt& Louisville.
Such a long day I don't even remember where my car is from this morning...
Better go back to tweeting about sports to stay out of trouble. Just saying.
Everytime you meet a guy its the same thing over and over again.
when you sing it's over,such a strange numb,it could bring back peace to the earth...so god bless you all.For the song you saved us....
or douching with Lysol. Now THAT sounds like hella fun.
I grew up in New England, so this is an easy day to stay in and be sick... in more ways than one.
It's not too late to stop in tonight!
duh!! JK! miss you tons!
My sibling life is very complicated!
I will be there at 1030!!!
How come Ronald Raygan didn't announce who he's endorsing yet?
Exactly! I continue to kill the person that did that to me with kindness. It will open a big door to better people
very welcome! :)
Thanks for the RT, Steve! You're awesome
#FF definitely follow these great #cycling people
says if wasn't for me, it would just be aweso
Excited to announce my trio's album official release date in France.. April 12th.
Thanks to all my peoples that held me down today in my video shoot!
Jennifer Anniston is the only reason I watched that movie
Registration just opened today -- right before noon.
#liber2011 Lorcan's Netflix (online video delivery) favorite categories: 1) cerebral independent films 2) romantics from the 1980s. :)
Thanks to the riders, students, staff, and volunteers for another amazing
I don't wanna miss a thing.
Visa & Niners teamed up in 2009 to put the logo on their practice jerseys. Just for practice.
Hoping this Claritin kicks in soon....
i am on my way home right now, i will try to make it!(:
lol i read that book
"Hard row to hoe"....how am I suppose to explain that in catch phrase?!
Just bought a dress from my phone while in the car on the way to the beach with EJ. I just want to be proud of me.
Slowly but surely I think I am becoming more and more of that hipster douche type I hate. I think it's too much NPR and vampire weekend.
Zimmerman's attorney is the "cowardly liar" just like his "lying" hiding client.
Jewish Proverb~ Dont open a shop unless you know how to smile.
Need to lay down
it's all good #dontownoneeither :P
if the floppy isn't actually floppy, it isn't THAT old.
STARR is gayy!.
Have y'all seen the chronicle article on black studies? , , ,
Kemp is a monster! KeMVP!!!
Johnson County paramedic loves medicine and racing
Have you texted FacebookPJ to 90210 for your change to win a #FREEPIZZA yet? If not, what are you waiting for? Normal messaging rates apply.
God bless America!!!!!!! Thank you for supporting our troops!
Having a blast with and all the gals at the Chino air show!
start busting your subs unmatured nuts a bit more then
Welcome, Mr. Luck, now it’s time to work on your cliches
Gillian Wearing, at Whitechapel Gallery, Seven magazine review: The YBA, Gillian Wearing, has an uncanny knack f..
luv you too
After today, I've decided I hate middle school children.
yes of course!
i wish spots were never made, the one ive got fucking kills grrr!
Thanks for sharing this post with your followers
Hanging out with and at house wine. Join us for some wine and relax
I hate that feeling when you want to know something but you don't want to ask.
I remember that place!
Just saw a lady using a magnifier to use her phone, just another reason we need to design tangibles better that includes interfaces!
Ericsson and Alcatel-Lucent maintained top ranks in LTE Shipments
Annual garage clean out. Good times! Just can't figure out why it looks like it's never been done before.
Brain Floss: In Vermont, it is technically illegal for women to wear false teeth without the written permission of their husband!
bloody hell- I've got malware...again :( This week's infographic will be posted as soon as I can regain access to the backend!
Made by an ass hole spammer dick
work hard, play hard.
"Where are all of the Mahomies at?" Me: "HOLLAAAAA!"
That was corny but I wanted my 2000th tweet to b special
But I didn't say a percentage forever, I said a percentage that paid back the work.
Be sure to share LAVT with your friends and family! And follow me on twitter
Love people not because they give you what you need, but because they give you feelings you never thought you needed. :)
Come by beaumont kroger and see best selling author Katherine Coulter.
That's awesome, it's a great car. Enjoy!
by Francis Chan?!
haha, ill be back on may 19th for the black rabbit caberet, you coming? =)
I don't think I want to know what that tweet was about
thnx Liz! :). Day starting out very good. Hope yours is full of smiles and blessings!
Cute watch! :-)
loll oh my gosh i really don't know what we were thinking <3
Don't forget to put your car in park when you get out of it.
Live from the kitchen
If I were to get in a fight at school, it would probably be because someone was saying something bad about Austin..
its 7:30..been taking a nap..too finals tomorrow.. hello insomnia.
Happy Monday! What are you going to do today to #unlevel the playing field?
what's wrong?
Intuition woke me up, Confidence made me breakfast, Motivation gave me my agenda & Destiny gave me its blessing to enter world & be great.
So #grateful for the new followers! Welcome.
Hey Everyone Please Check Out Our Website !! Look For Our Daily Deal's
What do we gotta do to get you in that cage?? Come on , get this man in the octagon!!
Awww thanks S.S.
I take it Don was a touch-tone early adapter...
Tomorrow playing in Detroit 9 pm, come see us
Great to see you helping spread the word about Ross. His work is important.
I feel like I am tweeting to my self right about now
set bro
I love that your blog says, like the kingdom in the Lord of the Rings movie!
guess what??
The US & Japan pledged on Friday $10 million & $3 million in humanitarian aid for refugees & internally displaced persons in Syria.
Check out new 6 course menu!!! It's a hot move
Challenge Spotlight - Austin Munoz
working on two computers and realizing the clouds are overtaking the sun.
Dance party at 11:30pm with last night in my kitchen... Roommate-less for the first time in 9 years! Perfection...
KEVIN BACON.
The riskiest thing is to take no risks
Cause they know they'll never be even close to that awesome.
THANK GOD IT'S WORKING AGAIN
#YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen u've experienced legitimate fear that the doors that u go through at the "T" were going to chop you in half.
Listening to #SaySomethin and goodnight guys!<3
s/o to on the late B-Day shout out from #PHLIteSkooLPHAMily 🏀🏀🏀🏀
Caught up on the Office tonight. If Andy leaves after this season I will be so sad =[
no it was 2
Happy birthday beautiful girl! I hope you get spoiled!!!
I Have A Day & A Half Left. I Only Wanna Talk To One Person But I See That's Not Happening So
on Gotterdammerung. Great Saturday listening!
when are u not high? lmfaooooo ;____;
Off to by my graduation shoes! 2 more weeks!
Graduated last month with BFA from OSU and sold my first piece at the great OSU Urban Arts Space! Excited for Cincy gallery scene!
Found old backpack 2007? It has disks w/ old cook's schedules I use to write. Index cards from my SDSU classes. A B1 centerpiece by cont.
man, that's sweet!
My first 25 years: expression,expansion,exploring&experiencing-so my next 25 are about family,fearlessness,financial freedom, and focus!
Happy Birthday. I hope all your birthday wished come true.
I'll get it back. Had to take an out of town trip ;)
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Clarke, Mobile & Washington Counties until 07:30 PM
Money got my mind blown
Hittin' the scene last few days revealing on many levels. Tonite I'll start at Legion (132nd btwn 7th & 8th) then late night
Thanks for giing some of our fellow Hoosiers a wonderful memory durig a tough time in life!
The parfait is a side. Idk why you were told it isn't. I'll follow up w/ owner. I'm sorry. Plz DM me so I can get more info.
and right above something dirty.
A father is always making his baby into a little woman
So long Miami. See ya next year.
Next up is Jason on tutorials used as supplements to ALR and 1L classes where they don't get a lot of time.
Anyone in Little Rock, AR?
Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Love Friday. Enjoy Saturday. Damn Sunday!
that's almost a Rosemary's Baby!
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great. -Ray Charles
Can't sleep x_x
Thank you for the mentions:
I used an app called Snapseed ('drama' filter :)). unbelievably gorgeous 360-deg views from up here...
236 is now in the mix of this twitter page!
Noticed that created her slideshare acct and uploaded one of her past presentations before #TRMA585 Final - great idea
Pac 12 needs to change venue of basketball tourney...the attendance and atmosphere is a joke. They are wasting good popcorn & electricity
I always seem to get sick during the UAT phase of a major project.
What she said :) #bestrong ": go to bed."
I don't know what it is about Jezebel but every time I read it, I feel like I've wronged someone egregiously.
Reading up, math scores low
all night? Thundershirts poster boy??
you really should check it out. It's where trips enoteca used to be. I was really impressed!
sorry to hear that. Obviously result vary with the writer, the needs and the fit between the two. Happy to help joe@ email
Have a killer season! I'll be watching
I hearby release the use of my name at #AAS3rdcentury. Cite me as you like.
Gr8t job hosting & judging the #VIPVOICE on #NBC4 U guys shld b on #Idol & the real
:o no honey im talking about you .... lol i is no hoe
You link dont work!
Hey! I want to know what albums or tracks would you bring with you if YOU were stuck in mine. One miner in Chile asked for Elvis. Letmeknow!
Watched a bunch of movies today with my mom. Now I am going to sleep! Goodnight!
's tweets always make me smile... Love that man!
shoutouts to for being a guy Baeza supporter and being a great boyfriend to my auntie ! :)
you'll commit suicide tryna read my mind... screw face that!
Everyone is all like "Blah blah I go out with friends on Friday night" and I'm all like "I have no friends, someone please invite me."
#boots to asses
I think Darnton was noting that big publishers were getting the work for free (faculty paid by unis & taxpayers, not publishers)
thanks for playing GARRETT!
Well yes, you can go that direction as well - comedic. Could sell them in Urban Outfitters and such.
It does me too sometimes I cry tears just flow!
70 degrees today in Chicago, I'll take it!
Birthday shout out to the one and only !! Love you so much babe 
We are testing a major upgrade to our servers. Subscribers, please test using the basic service and let us know about any issues.
It's all about takin risks! And I am not going stop until makes the pain of balls and follows me!
Thank you for the message. Im so happy you like our site! it was created with Nurses!
Watching the day after good thing i knew the day before
she's always been great until now!
I have to finish this entire project in one night . #procrastination <
Talk Derby to me
Stay tuned for an upcoming announcement of how YOU can help and be a part of Hierosonic. We have two words for you: STREET TEAMS!
Thank you man!
going to Roger's
My brother is going to a college in NYC called Dubspot.
#chsconf: preconf more basic than expected. Not sure if this is where the bar is or where the LCD is. Or bcz it was a repeat of last year?
I can't help but feel sad for the parents of #DJHenry, they deserve justice as well.
Once again thank yall for all da birthday wishes!! Last night after dinner I was full so I called it da night and never made it to da club!!
we released the shirt design on facebook, check it out! presales end on the 15th, email or DM us to order! $10!
#SHOUTOUT to because she didn't go to school! and now i have to perform with someone else! plus i took her a rose & it died -_-t
RT if u listen to songs that have lil wayne in then just for
Good preparation can look like prophecy in retrospect.
I miss you short stuff >.<
RT: #iranelection #gr88 [TEHRAN PROTEST CONFIRMED]this Sat June 20 4:00 PM Enghelab Sq. Tehran Iran Please Share any which way you can
Happy Saturday! I'm heading over to the Apple store this morning! :)
my background on this twitter.. It's new
Maybe I need to explore the Lotus Sanctuary DC or NYC?
last line makes me : ) ": Vin Scully will miss tomorrow's game. But his condition is improving. Could be back this weekend."
a male grasshopper? RT : Who have the grasshopper dick other than the Chris Bosh and Ultimate Warrior tell me
Thank you!
congratulations!!! I just got your email :)
I'm impressed you actually convinced her to do both those things.
Hand fully recovered - found a label for last year's "365.52.12" CD Project - things are happening! Hibernation is over!
My dog Sushi turned 14 today, that is equivalent to 72 human years. That's impressive.
Well I'm not closeted to the guys I've fucked, and if your a guy I know and you end up seeing my page.. well, you figure it out
If one more californian tells me I shouldn't feel cold cause I'm from new york someone is getting punched in the mouth
Advanced screening passes to #TheDictator - the new #SachaBaronCohen flick! Listen to he's got'em appx 7:30pm
Actor Fest is almost here! Come visit us at our Rapid Reelz booth, 149 In the exhibit hall for your chance to win a free scene! !
follow me #Teamdior ♥
You're a winner in last week's Bobcat contest. Direct message us your adress and we'll send you the album.
what up Mr Young?
Pride is a spiritual Cancer: It eats up the very possibilty of love, or contentment, or even common sense
Prayer changes things
thank you for the #FF love! We are getting mad props on the new wrap on the
breastfeeding, but this is clearly about attention, selling copies, and righteous vanity/shock value. not my jam
Heard on radio tonight: "the person was treated in a hyperbolic chamber."
They are so relevant doe.
McIntire like to dress up as John Whitherspoon...
Dnt u jus love wen a girl say she love u. But dnt mean it.... Pshhhhhh
I think I need to get one now
about to delete my twitter!
The red moscato I picked up at the store tonight on a whim gets a thumbs up from me. So does the gazpacho a coworker of mine made. Yum!
Recent? SF LA Chicago Denver Palm Springs Boulder Phoenix Burlington MI TN “: Where have you taken your Goorin? #FreeHatFriday”
Great seats still avail for this fun event (black tie optional gala dinner) that fundraises to keep music alive with our youth!
Don't want you to buy me the world .. Just be here with me in it
when i buy new things, i also like to place them on the floor and leave them there
Death is but a trend
pouring! thundering! april showers! yay!
Happy Hanukkah! Be careful out there tonight...after that first menorah candle gets lit, those Jews turn into some rowdy assh*le sonb*tches.
I could see myself having a job here,either in casting,or writing. Oh yeah,gonna hook that up while i'm here.
think u have to use tweetdeck
I have ref desk tonight. Here's hoping for no demons.
They are better than you would think. They would be mind blowing if high.
Yum! How do you like it?
your picture is beautiful
Had a great night celebrating a friend's bday at the Rock in Bothell. Run at Carkeek park in Seattle tomorrow.
still waiting for a call back from last Friday. Damn, season starts and they forget about cha
I'm there. Checking my twitter...
not talking to you.
august 28th. mark it in your calendars! that's the last perf. that's right, ladies and gents. we're extending another week.
True story homie....
Remember when I had black hair?
“: Being at the game, but still having to watch the highlights to see what happened. TFM.”
I think u would love NC!
I can see you've been stepping up your twitter game
i read this wrong. I was speechless.
The wheels are turning...looking forward to April 27-29
Tell me about it! I just saw some guy out jogging in shorts...no doubt in denial. Tell me if you ever get down to Austin.
Pres Mike is on the mike right now!
With arms full of beer, sauerkraut and giant dill pickles, I'm surprised no one has asked me, "Are you going to Sausage Fest?"
#10ThingsIHateAboutYou "I <3 you baby and if it's quite alright I need you baby" Cant listen to that song without crackin up at
Done with my hair gn....have to get it done on the am
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Ah, yes. There's the Chicagoland winter we've all been waiting for!
Nights at the office
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. ~Arnold Glasgow
I want a Panini
best ever . :) I have a question.. Does my descreption on my twitter page still say 1.31.12 ? Lol
Thanks for the follow Are you a Steelers fan?
Highlight of my day: When Mrs.True was freaking out and said s**t (:
Drain sinuses naturally: Push tongue against top of your mouth & place finger between eyebrows, apply pressure. Hold for about 20 seconds!
our luck has changed!! I think we should go to Vegas, the odds are in our favor!
The Brooklyn Nets are here!!!!
Mink tonight (:
Just had a great conversation with John over pretty much of everything, such a relaxing moment after my presentation
Just met Macy Gray at Seattle Cafe right next to my work building.
Mine too, except that it's frequently a Packers jersey, even outside of Wisconsin.
oh that's sick
Sad day when I can't even trust good ol' fashioned fountain machines. #thatwasnotrootbeer|This is why we can't have nice things, America!
I'm not the only one still here either!
Not cool? Watching people in an exercise boot camp & eating a donut in front of them. Also not cool? Yelling "Try Harder!"
"My first piece of advice: fight for your seat at the table, better yet, fight for your seat at head of the table." Obama at
inspiration can come from some of the most random things and when you least expect it :)
too tired last night to tweet, but let me say it this morning welcome back Gray's Anatomy - i actually enjoyed you last night.
it's your browser settings: go to the top left, click browser name -> preferences and you can edit all that
Its amazing what a difference a bit of sleep can make. I would like to try it more...
Earl Scruggs died. Simply the finest bluegrass picker ever. I always got that "holy shit" feeling when I heard him.
The Avengers has to be the movie of the year. Yup, I'm calling it that and it's just May. Action and awesomeness from beginning to end.
let's kiss and make up.
One of those sheep herding dogs.
hi.. do u think i could intv u on your search for airfare deals?
#white wedding
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time
Progressive CHILDREN LIMITED 1951 film end line "children limited should not be children forgotten."
Considerate criminals? Broke into my Jeep, stole my wallet, took the cash then mailed it back to me. Saves me a trip to the MVA I guess?
Hello to my our new followers!
Who remembers their 1st Chick-fil-A Experience? How was it?!
gym or stadium
THATS HOW YOU DEBATE!
Seriously? To commute? Well, you better watch the drinks after 5. That's quite a little drive out to the country.
guilty as charged - I am the man behind the mask
aww thank u so much <3 please tell ur friends about my stuff!
Lady in the light & a Freak in the night is what i like !
but manute could shoot the 3!
To be told I couldn't do something has always made me do just that! Yes you can!
Gross. I suffer from that frequently.
u only have one leg :o
I hear you on that one! But we can always make a little bit more room can't wait?
you act like he a weak player, why you so obsessed with him?
thank you buddy...
Happy Hanukkah everyone! How are you celebrating?
I love the pics. I grew up there and love to see new people discover it. And definitely eat at Primantis.
Appreciate the input. Looking for some valuable organizations/associations to join in Iowa.
hello your welcome
Good morning!
Let me hold a dollar!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 1 | Vendita ...
Interesting... any links to why?
Interesting proposal for an online and elite university. Any sense when more details will be forthcoming?
Motion control is decent but the new console's controller looks like an over-sized Gamecube controller with a touchscreen in the center. -.-
"preparados"? Or on their own?
Congrats dude! ‘Bout time that song hits radio.
haha detective sister
Let's do it!! RT“: I wanna get some headshots taken where I'm talking on a pay phone for all those preppy drug dealer roles”
Prayers going up today!!!!
Not looking forward to the 2:30 alarm.
is it July yet??? I wanna see Jason Aldean NOW.
Donate to a charity via your wallpaper
WHERE ARE YOU
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!3
Almost a great week, streak busted.
OK, back to the real world, and a couple of episodes of Animal Planet's "Too Cute." Crack for cat people.
maybe I could crash in the parking lot by the VAB...ha!
kindly contain your excitement. messaging you about shoes in few. xo
The #214 had a phenomenal evening. Great job fellas
You don't concentrate on risks. You concentrate on results. No risk is too great to prevent the necessary job from getting done.
Someone just got served... Eww we lol
": I might be a work in progress, but everyday I get a little bit wiser, a little bit better, a little bit stronger."
coo . nd yea me to all day yesterday .
In Colo more than 15,000 people are homeless and 2/3 of them are children. Help now with a generous donation. Visit www.hacolo.org
either way, no bball fans really lose tonight. Oh this game is gonna be nice...real noice :))))! Can't wait!
Beautiful day for the #GuevarraWedding ! This time next yr will be ours !!!
And, tonight, offensively!
How long before pitchers and catchers report to camp?
LOVE him. RT IT'S GOD!
It's just all of these fights are making us distant.
Can yu follow please and tell her i sent yu to follow her! thankss xo
I need to stop writing comments that are as long as blog posts and just write them as blog posts.
why is she doing that?!
yes that's true haha but it's a classic, it's well worth it :)
It's bizarre being nearly entirely cut off from internet & social media here in Cuba. Feels like reporting from the past.
I had a 750 calorie day
Don't believe it.
are you waiting this week? it's been too long since i went to a blacker dinner
Anyone know how to pull data from a Zip or Jaz disk without a Zip/Jaz drive? Magic?
You need to visit Philadelphia to dine at City Tavern!
I think they are just like golden tickets but the prize is to be the OLLG and they are going to be in his CD.
I haven't heard that...but to make up 40 points? That's really not good. I wonder if Knicks have been bad or Miami good?
Tweeting from my Google Wave... :)
The Bucks being the Bucks
wsup fam dis mike nephew from dallas ...wat its gone take for u to get on da album i dont knw who to get at beside 3 letmeknw
If fail, if i succed at least i've lived as i believed, no matter wht they take from me, they cant take away my dignity.
These asian bitches is out here givin these White hoes a run 4 a pimps money
nice! I'm thinking U of M, if GM doesn't move me, but we'll see. Hope you are well!
I legit had to watch your #wedding special in segments, because I was so emotional. Such a beautiful day!
Happy Va-LIN-tine's Day!
Don't know what is more depressing, hungry emaciated children in Somalia, or obese, in the West.
you watch first take? cause they fina debate is Prince James the Greatest Player since Jordan..smh Thats Kobe all day to me...
Boxee box! Sweet... Sounds like a good time in Seattle.
We blame doctors for not participating... but let's be honest, how ePatients APPROACH doctors is just as important
I LOVE YOUU ! do you love me back ? <3
what were some of the other guesses?
I know I love my job when I can miss the Super Bowl for the first time in my life and not even blink.
When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch.
Thanks for thinking of me! No one calls me in advance to invite me though…
hey thanks :) one of my planned Spring Break treats is going to your book event here in Seattle! Glad the tour started out well
I can hear these men's voices way to clearly to pee comfortably in this bathroom.
sounds good! :)
Btw i'm getting those pictures ready for you right now!
Me: YAAAAAY, GERMANY'S IN 's POLL. wait, hold on, berlin's too far away.
I just spent half the day being a movie extra. Now, I'm ready to be the STAR!
C-c-coffee
Happy Birthday cousin :)
Holy shitballs...my mother is pregnant again, with baby #7. I'm gonna be the Liesl of my very own Von Trapp family.
I'm delayed 5+ hours at #ORD BC your plane has mechanical problems. Please msg me. I need info!
IT'S THE RIGHT ARMPIT UP IN HUR HOLLLLLLLA
RT : RT : Excited for female founded startup launch. Tailored-to-perfect blazers a click away!
You're all that I hope I'd find, in every single way.
are you grumpy again today?
Excited! Getting new ideas to pitch from savvy editor Leslie Wooldridge At
What if the boys' come out of our posters,and just chill and watch tv and right before you wake up jump back into the posters.WAKE ME UP BRO
i just don't like LeBron
I'm on Tweetdeck now but via an OLD version.
okay followed :) thanks for the follow <3
Why would I mess up 's room? *tries to think back and rubs forehead* I can't remember.
"I'm Tristan MacManus and im the hot one on dancing with the stars". !! yes, yes you are(:
Just saw my baby boy kill and eat a roach !!! So proud!
just broke a nail
Thx for the #FF! and the word is now out
Andy Pettitte That's Who
Join Agnieszka Iwanska tomorrow at 6pm at the Naperville Jazz Festival. See you there
“: lol so I see :)” where are you hiding at? I haven't seen you yet!
Your brain is not your mind; the brain is governed by The Mind... -MindFirstFitness
Do you know what a QR code is? Are you using them?
Stop by the this afternoon for tons of turkey, food, and drink to celebrate an amazing year.
Nice early Sunday morning... good morning all!
you're welcome. Hope to cross paths soon!
": #OneThingILove: 'good morning' texts."
getting ready for a good week.
Okaay, tumblr is too slow, Facebook gets boring, and I don't know anyone on twitter anymore... Whattheheck.xD
Haha I do enjoy being a Renaissance (Wo)Man! But it's a lovely picture, extra hair and all!
A guy gave me a quiz on theoretical physics to see if I learned anything from our facebook conversation. I failed it. :/
cant wait to see me sister!<3
I will check out your schedule. My girls would love to see you perform. Be well girl.
Hey y'all should play in Boone, NC. Its a great mountain town with a good college music scene built around
Notes about Tickets: International Airline Tickets
best in the business at preparation - Boals and Latkovic!
Meaning, I hope they arrive!
WGU is responsible for scoring work submitted through TaskStream. Please contact your WGU Mentor with any grading questions.
Dawn of the Municipal Chief Innovation Officer in , featuring , , and /via
no DNA sample?
If I saw you in the pouring rain, the illusion wouldn't be the same. I think you should know, you'd still be strangely beautiful.
THAT is the sign of a good librarian. Perfect. Now I'm ultra-insipired. :)
Who's coming to the show tomorrow night? Fun times will be had by all! Special guest opens the show!
Exactly, he had right t carry a gun, also to defend himself in case he felt threatened,result, we have a kid who had candy dead.
aye dicks! I don't look like that asswholes lol
For instance we rarely let any beans go much past 450~ °F
Srsly, when someone wants to argue with me, they use 1D to bring me out of focus. NOT FAIR I TELL YOU!.
delete this stupid !!!
glued my hagen-renaker hackney pony today. tommorow it goes back on its base. still looking for a replacement in mint condition.
I knew it was a bad idea giving you a ticket.
LOL thanks yup I'm loving this until tomorrow that is :(
The first time I had a McFlurry I thought the spoon was a straw.
Econ Dev? Hunter focused revitalization fund. McDuffe seems best thought out for development.
Every one of our branches got bomb threats on Friday -- plus a couple of schools.
awesome. Thanks and can't wait to watch!!
I bet pulls a Vegas today and doesn't make the show. Oh well, there's always next year.
Difficult takes a day...impossible takes a week. 2nd time I've heard that in 2 weeks. Must mean something...goin to marinate on that.
in NYC until Saturday...Sunday brunch?
Both. One lead to the other.
Fantastic win or devastating loss. No middle ground on this one.
Unable to attend #PodCincy this weekend, but curious to learn more about it! Will be following. :)
ARE YOU?!
i really be ignoring tf outta ppl sometimes ..
Hopalicious accounts for 60% of beer sales; brewery will use 12 tons of Cascade hops this year in Hopalicious. -- AA newsletter
But they're ready to go first thing tomorrow :-)
how is that a bad thing?
was amazing by the way. Come visit #NYC this summer and we'll go!
Shitty ride on me. (;
Why? RT Removing the word "fanboy" from my vocabulary.
Reading about RDA makes my head hurt.
I am really digging the Dirk Gently series. He is such a horrible, loveable person.
You can always leave me a voice mail, but I'll send you alternate phone numbers to try. Thanks!
I appreciate the tweet!
Was reading Haggai this morn ~ only 2 chapters in it ~ and it's all about priorities. Where is God on my list? On yours?
Last week to see Michael Menchaca's Of Migratus a haunting, color explosion and layered exploration of immigration in America.
In the late 1800s Cincinnati had qualifications for police officers: "high moral character and foot speed".
Another Wednesday with Whitney (for McKinley Hinshaw) I love these days!!!
bruhh I'm a gurl not a dude lol
&quot;We need radical experimentations to answer the questions around dwindling resources and increasing populations&quot;
The browns better not pick Justin Blackmon I'm calling it now that he won't be the best receiver out of this draft.
My pen just ran out of ink. Wikimania submission assessment fail?
show us a picture Austin :)
Peer to peer learning is best way for librarians to increase confidence, solve problems, & generally go for it. #dcsla O’Connor
We drew our winners for the free skylight from The Natural Lighting Co.! Congratulations to Mona G., Dolores W. and Jonni G.!! Enjoy!
**scratches head**
abe kitna padhta hai..you'd be having your own library by now.. :P
And, the Bears lost a tough one last night. My dad can rejoice. I like Cutler & look forward to next week vs Pittsburg. Go Bears!
I wish tweets could contain gifs. Because oh man oh man oh man. I watched the finale last night and I was like .... wut... dead.
watched some of your videos. love your style im going to keep up with ya
woah thats weird look at my last tweet
Who's the hot chick hanging off of Ben Kingsley? Yowza!
change halls password twitter got hacked it was just on the news lol
I don't know how you got my home address, , but please contact me here from now on. My wife, Jennifer, might get the wrong idea
WOW Im finna go in on you tomorrow......K BYE A.J
Long Beach State and NC State are my upset specials
Hope everyone had a great weekend Specyphi fans are a Amazing. We posted a couple of new videos check them out. Specyphi what you believe
I've found a reason for me. To change who I used to be. A reason to start over new. & the reason is you.<3
Hey buddy! DM your address in AZ, gotta send you some music I owe you!!
Wake people up and send them to the right place - THE FEDERAL RESERVE! That is the queen spider!!
THE LEGEND OF BUSTER NEAL by Jackie Alexander, opens at ETA in Chicago Thursday, January 12
hi #pubmedia -- i'm chris beer, web developer for wgbh interactive.. enterprise-y intranet sites are pretty horrid.
December 21st presents at with special judge . Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8pm
Day 1 of spring semester.
I hear you. Texting from a kindle.
Yep. And commenter Usha Nellore added "priapism" to our readers' vocabulary. Never know when that's going to come in handy.
Sarahs in a SUPER good mood today.....
This is the strangest gig i've ever had - feels like I'm on an acid trip playing solo saxophone at an Egyptian crack house. Because I am...
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
Philip Oldham confirmed as new president of Tennessee Technological University
More people need to understand eye rolls as constructive criticism.
- Hiya, Ive seen your videos on youtube! I Luhbs Them (: <3 Your accent. x (:
I'm just a bill on Capitol hill.
Forgetting the mutant turtle thing - isn't weird that April O'Neil, a professional working adult, hangs out with a bunch of teenagers?
would HS students be allowed to attend, if they were accompanied by a parent?
Come to the social media cafe now hall 8b #drupa for a presentation by Seshaasai Business Forms on how to delight your customers
you should feel honored!!
RT : A meeting site has opened for Va. Beach residents affected by #jetcrash at Va. Beach Community Chapel, 1261 Laskin Road
RT : But after hearing the cost of a clutch replacement on the Carrera GT, I'd rather oogle someone else's!
Gray days in LA... so rough...
A Kentucky derby mint julep sounds so good right now...
Back to back.
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS! :D
LOL that was classic!
Are you ready for some football?
Oh my god Im so happy and wide awake now! Woo
RT: "How are you going to ask that question this close to Cinco de Mayo?" Good point. Especially on LA.
Screw Jim Tressel and OSU, today is about the people who serve our country, not you! Your "shocking" accouncement could have waited 24 hrs.
Thanks for the follow Shayna! ( :
Happy Easter Everyone!!
That sucks ... guess #NBC wants to continue to be a crappy network. 8 million viewers down the drain.
yeah! They did a good job of covering that up.
Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LPFFWIQZ
when did he vote against labor? please provide one example...!
National Take Your Child to Work Day. I remember my old man took me to the Post Office. He was the boss. People were really extra nice.
The #garden on my patio is looking good! Half of my seeds have sprouted, looking to acquire a small kumquat tree and maybe lemon or lime!
