dgaf at the colosseum in providence! 18+ til 3am! B.Rich is playing with us!
Those who are heartless , once cared too much..
Seen my first girl scout cookie booth.. its the last weekend.. me and my "brother".. couldnt decide on which cookies had to leave
Me too!
Get Rogan some lifts for his tiny little shoes.
When eating pussy make sure you got ya whole face in that shit haha #😄😜😉
or are intimidated.
I am so hungry. Like I could eat a horse hungry.
Thank you for being in my life and for helping to brighten my day! Happy holidays to you my friends!
Work mode bitch
wowzer! Yes, your kitchen is phenomenal, but it must be nice to be in such high demand!
omg please get on
you dont understand Im huge right now I prob could be a stand in for free willy right now
re: personal training. What?
it's cool
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF!! Cutting through bone is hard. You just have to believe in yourself.
where is that?
Wade was a star on his own, but I think having 6 around turned him into Scotty Pippen.
Happy Thursday everybody!
no game on TV today? I expect a full recap after the game !! where we goin tn? ;) lol.
How you doing, sweets? Hope happy and *healthy*!
Just wrote out what I hope will be our last rent check. Ever. Yee-haw!
Almost everyone's been drugged at some point ...
Abscess in my mouth, so painful it's unreal
almost rolled her ankle!
I do too, weirdly. But then again-I'm a sucker for anything w/ Pitbull. He's music magic.
Don't be a whiney fuck
well I my chemistry teacher is awesome the class has just gotten hard
Dear Twitter, you force me to abbreviate the venting that alleviates the pressure beneath.
Impressed that . tweeting from the dais.
right lol... she had SO many!
She's got rhythm, she's got music. She's got you fooled, who could ask for anything more?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a step
Who's going to be the first reporter after NFL CBA is reached to get a player in negotiations to talk about it? Schefter? Breer? Kaplan?
Back home again in Indiana -- for the next four days. :)
Happy Festivus!!!!!! I can't wait for the airing of grievances.
Wow, November already! Make your plans now for joining us during the holidays.
haha you crazy! That is too funny!
Ive played angry birds but I dont see what the fuss is all about. You are not missing anything! :-)
wats gud man where u be at now
me too. Let's do that again.
so... Do you believe MVC is the right pattern for front-end programming?
Saw the sunrise for the first time!
": True #Spurs fans will #RT" #SpursNation!
Thank you for the follow!
Not totally sure what I just got myself into. I guess I'm about to find out! At least I will have someone to blame if something goes wrong.
thanks fellow jim. i need a more interesting life i guess. i cleaned my desk at work today, that was sorta cool?
,we are making Puccias today despite the weather ...let's see what happens .Puccias cravers come get your grub !!!!
USA USA USA!
hot yoga in an hour :) yay!
If you own a holiday home in orlando, visit www.villahol.com and sign up for free
Keillor says you learn more about the world drinking warm gin than watching TV news. RT : Why do I watch network TV news?
Nice Mark Prior Jersey. How relevant.
Run away with me, into a world where time seems to not exist.
absolutely loving the new album
Yes he does, but we need to work on getting him back on #Days :-))
Patient care hours. Helping people lead healthier more active lifestyles!!
it was good! looks like it might snow in Austin and South Texas tonight! Everyone is preparing for work and schools to close down!
sup ladies
thanks love, that means so much to me!
It’s that time of the year when high school seniors are anxiously waiting by the mailbox for those thick envelopes from their dream...
How do scientists make mice autistic to test drugs or is there a genetic epidemic in mice too? I'm all ears.....
Is it me or is #movingtomars by Coldplay a song you would listen too, when your high?! #passtheblunt!
We're excited to be working with you too! Don't be afraid to reach out w/ questions. Our team of rocks stars are here to help!
I give you 3 wishes , I wish I wish I wish a nigga would !
apparently doesn't believe in guaranteed delivery. Thanks for not delivering my package today.
Just gonna be taking math next semester
Great new D&O insurance products being presented at ACA Conference
35% of teens own smartphones
Why isn't anyone texting me. Ugh
Nice ah....Codpiece there.
'The World will be Watching' at midnight tonight... but I will not until 10pm tomorrow! :(
Loved meeting with last Thursday. Her advice is that I reach out to lots and lots of corporate CSR departments. Any recs? :)
wish I was there to celebrate Bandwagon! This is the first year since it's birth, that we're not playing! :(
Used to look for Tiger Woods at the top of leader boards, now it's quicker to look at the bottom.
Okay, that is definitely gonna be my screen saver...lord have mercy on where my mind is going!
since they raised the speed to 70, I've been delayed by a wreck every day... NTTA "lowering traffic by killing drivers"
What else could you want,6p-9p $2 U CALL IT, FREE FOOD 7p-10p and Hot Sexy Honeys!ONLY at the Hustler Club!
Do you have the courage? RT : All our dreams can come true. If we hv the courage to pursue them.
where do u wana go
Baseball is it
Tired and Hot. Fall please come! When will I finish recording this album?! Ah!
What's everyone listening to lately?
RT Rep Jason Altmire (D-PA), in heated primary for PA-4th Cong. district, makes huge haul in 1st quarter, raises $330,000.
until then... They should just keep being slutty.
Today already seems promising =)
there dude. i voted for you. real will ferrell
They have lost their focus. They are still talented but not as determined as earlier in the year.
change your fitness routine every 4-6 weeks to prevent a workout plateau
Ok, it is officially fall now that football has started.
#WhatIMissMost you need to do another austream<3 until next week..D:
Im hungry but can't find food
Journos of the interwebs: should I put my twitter handle on my resume? Waste of space? cc
is a fantastic service
I'll help. RT This tweet will be retweeted four times & then disappear into obscurity.
RT : RT : Promises are a bit like babies. Fun to make but hard to deliver.
you should show me how to do that :P
My sensuality, check
Ahahah Yr Not The Only One =D
Wine & movies with the new roomies!
..6th Sunday after Easter It's a beautiful Mother's Day! #Wisconsin ~No one has greater love than for one's friends. Thank You!
congrats Sarah!
my Lakers about to go Ham
why do celebs get tats of each other did you see the huge Mariah tat on Nick Cannon what is he thinking he'll be out in 2 years
2-4pm at Road Runner Sports. #JingleInJuly BE THERE!
I will be on the Stan Turner show this Saturday at Noon. Listen online at klbbradio.com
Brow down!
thinking of flipping a 4 headed coin, Battle, Moreno, P Thomas or Branch as my flex this week. Thoughts?
An amazing Mass at CCHS. God bless the Class of 2011 and best of luck in all they ever do. May their talents proliferate and lift the globe.
Bulls in OT !
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME
So. Bored.
What's life without a little adventure?
Completed (successfully) GeoSpatial Literacy 101 - maybe on my way to be a map librarian?? who knows :-)
One day at a time..
what am I chopped liver?!
Nice to e-meet you and look forward to your tweet wisdom!
RT Proud of my 'bird'! She's a page today for !
Cuomo says he is excited about introduction of defined contribution plan. It will be availble to non-union new hires
doing good sweetie. Watching your videos here. ( biting my lower lip)
I like Jill but her ad libs omg so bad and lucey takes a breath after every word for dramatic purposes is just to much of train wreck
life lol fail
favorite thing about #ACFamilyMeeting? Just watching you two be yourselves. <3
Glad today went by fast.
I love finding someone who thinks the same way as I do.
Chicken soup for soulless dummies.
What do a dildo and soy beans have in common? They are both used as substitute meat.
Silver Stars get killed on boards in first half, start second half looking better on offense.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
love me, love me, say that you love me! <3 ;)
It's a Jurassic 5 sort of day
Thank you!
wait till u hear this new shit!!! -_____-
As I suspected. So much for family friendly cute little places like - here! I knew I shoulda stayed in NYC.
Hey I have some lemon-thyme syrup left over from candying some lemon peel - cocktail suggestions?
idk if I should take that as a good or bad thing hah
#DaBears should have a great season! has plenty of weapons around him and we all know about our
At work busting my was and I don't even care
A lie keeps growing and growing until it's as plain as the nose on your face.
TGIF and, to add to the nerdom, May the 4th.
Is anyone else watching the pitch right now?
GREAT SHOW!! That gun dress was my vote for the worst.
thanks for stopping in!
Running a mile and a half at 8 in the morning. :-/
Lawd, my tax bill! How do I go back to the days of getting refunds? I am weeping.
okay good I will let ÿôü know more
Cannot get drunk tonight :/ tomorrow I will celebrate!!!
doing a "mature" monologue only tells auditors that you don't know how to pick age appropriate material. Avoid profanity, keep it simple.
Sunday night feature = chicken + pot + pie : See this place, smiley face...
tell ha ya BLFF PoOkie said Hey! lol.. have fun bighead
mann:( i wish i lived in nashville so i could go to teen hoot and see austin :(
Name on a cloud was my fav!! Spike Lee lookin' young Wiz! Goodtimes!
Nobody I call my friend in Trenton is real. Niggas dont wanna be bothered unless I got someting to offer
sorry lady! I've been off twitter awhile. Still need?
beautiful weather in Florida?? Man get to ur new home in the chi!!! 80 and sunny here!!!
I don't see why not. I guess we can only find out lol Pretty sure you are free to comment :)
Fuck ultra here in miami im pretty down for some ultra in brazil swoop
Alliance for Networking Visual Culture (ANVC) trying to foster scholars' desire to conduct their scholarship through/in new media
I will seriously CRY if you follow me :) I LOVE YOU AND AUSTIN SOO MUCH :) #FollowMeAlexConstancio :)
People need to grow up and stop starting drama. Seriously.
“: Its Wednesday so you know what that means? Onlyburger is at NCSU Centennial Campus for lunch service from 11-2PM #fb”. Yes!!
Kony needs to get a twitter
Lost my banylips tonight<\3 my life os over
Yeah man when your dad comes around it's like Christmas, hate to see or hear that he's hurting. They've been through soo much..
lol that's not an appropriate response at all. Its not rude, but its not at all appropriate timing for a goodnight
This shit is a hustle
It's hot.
That's my bday month. :-) RT : he should meet us in Vegas in October
I'm going to try this--- target.
I ate a lot today. I totally forgot the fucking diet/exercise. Will start tomorrow.
": Wanna get a new phone: scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ with a sharp object."
The type of week you will have all depends on you. Please make it great!
You can get away with saying such stupid shit in pop songs. Running with wolves and I'm on the prowl, indeed.
Just got out the shower after playin the Michael Jackson wii game i just cant get 5 stars on smooth criminal but i will
He's a very freaky boy, he get it from his daddy, first u get his name, then u get his #, then u get some head n the back seat of the hummer
Hear, hear, Eric!! There are very few composers who have ever or will ever occupy his stratosphere!
#SEM21 Kati Haycock at Education Trust encourages colleges to rethink financial aid policy
i don't even know anymore im confusing myself
Win a night in OR wine country with our friend & dinner for 2 at ! Follow both, RT and use #ANightinWineCountry!
broken hearts all over the dance floor.
I am. Quite excited bout this story. Immigration, mental illness, social sec, gender politics and zombies. What more to ask
This is bullshit. I walk into work on my day off and there is 200 USR's I have to pull and prep. I ain't in the mood.
You always deserve more...!
cerebral malfunction-realized I never followed ya.
It's our pleasure Katie!
good morning #mkBiblechat people
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." Arthur C. Clarke
You are the angel of my life, You were made to my measure
I was emotionally reclaiming the group Band of Horses from the annals of heartbreak when I realized I had confused them with Iron and Wine.
I'm ridiculously wrecked from an intense tennis match this morning.
I can't feel my toes
First home bout of the season! Rhode Island Riveters against Steel City Derby Demons! March 20th, 3pm, RICC!!
Anyone else headed to the #M83 show tonight? See you there :)
in line at Tim Horton's in Penn Station
For bottle service reservations only, please contact Blu at: (617) 375-8595
Sandy's 5yr old is asking for a cell phone. Will she break down and get her one? 98PXY
I miss my normal brother :(
Whoa whoa. Be Gentile.
Bizzy girl, did you know you're getting a visit Thursday from ?
thanks, will look into! RT : We'd love you to post your #travel tips for all our #HolidayFriends. Happy days ;-)
why don't they just.... run it two more weeks? Or, not have a giant hiatus in the middle?
We are growing and we are looking for an independent-thinking & creative front-end Wed Designer!
Sometimes you have to lie in bed and listen to George Jones. Why? Not quite sure, but I blame the previous 12 hours of boozing.
Stop playing the victim all the rime bumb bitch get a job! !!!
Impressive registering neigbors to vote as you meet them
oh too late! Either Learner Centered Classrooms or Mandatory FYS
two identical ubuntu VM's running drupal 6.20 - update.php hangs on one, but the other works fine ... *^%%$!!!!
watching the blues brothers with my brother(:
away, wear a helmet and I am going to have a good time. PS the Kate on State is an idiot. Recap: Kate, the president & car destruction = bad
Thanks everybody! :)
stay classy Dylan, dont let stupid brownsburg fans get to your head you played great man
First day of the year work with the laptop out of the deck!
It's like a pattern in Atlanta.. They collect ur number and only use it wen they horny. Try something else.
miss you both :) <3 I'm back!
I'm at the Nassau Co Commissioners meeting, always an interesting evening.
ITS GOING TO BE A GREAT SUMMER 303 !!!!! :)
I think I might! Here's to you darlin'.
good. I got you a generic Walmart brand dental dam.
Please please please snow enough for a snow day!!!
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
That's it for me. G'night!
love you -
Pacers bandwagon bout to be real full tonight
Audition Tip: When you're ready to sing, stand with your feet about a shoulder-width apart.
Pizza in NY is serious business. Declare your go-to spot. Better yet..send us a pic!
so delicious! “: I was just contemplating a trip to I blame their Twitter feed.”
tried to look at your material, as we <3 coolness and web - link does not work.
If you arent him, I prolly wont text back. Lol, sorry but I dont care to talk to weird ass peoplee that dont mean much.
I'm back bitch :* whatchyaa doinn beautiful? ❤
yeah, in all of your free time, right? :P
I'm with you, looks like you need a refill:)
Thanks for the RT and spreading the "secret of the Monday sombrero"!
Just wrote a long story about and #SexualChocolate and am feeling predictably thirsty.
Haiku: Tebow asked to prom, He sides with Reverend Shaw Moore, no dancing allowed
Don't judge me for my past, I don't live there anymore
Thank you Michael Jordan.
its well documented that Hamas broke the ceasefire repeatedly. They also used children as human shields. WHY ARE YOU LIEING???
getting ready for another opening night!
so the other day I woke up late to go to my moms so i was tired and confused and I actually put on 2 different shoes!
thanks for the advice!
Or read NOW in the Star. #scoop : New wiretaps released in fed case vs Tim Durham. We'll be reading them throughout Daybreak.
Do you think Verlander and Ellsbury for a #1 overall pick is a good trade?
Happy July 4 Weekend!
You know its a #rivalry when the fans and coaches need security between them
Ouch!!! These prices are great hahaa wtf!! 😄
Since #oomf has fallen asleep, I guess I will too
I'm good & sure
Two things to remember think before you speak and look before you leap...
I wish i knew how to make BG's u would be making amazing ones!!
WE LOVE MAMA MAHONEY <3 an amazing mom to Austin!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH OH MY GOSH.
6:08 then a movie with the lil lady...any suggestions!?
Reaping the fruits of poverty
Keep dancing Jacobs!
you should have talked to her
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER COOL JEANS prince: come on we can say butt
thank you! Hey, my dad is a pilot for American Airlines, I hear he will be getting FF for free? Is this true?
Math & Chem quiz today. I just want to get them over with.
Reno's Open Data Hackathon is in October. Join us in building apps that help make Reno a smarter, more engaged place to live
But hea a junkieRT : chris anderson looks like a pedophile..
can you get Maine lunch?
Netflix tells me Robin Hood with will be here Thursday. There he is in my inbox, & oh look! Here he is on Twitter!
Look out for to call into Primetime on this Tuesday at 5:45 p.m.
The #FujiFilm X10 camera looks fabulous for a light weight high quality digital. Love the retro look too!
Awesome! I'd love to hear your favorites.
Receiving an ADD/ ADHD diagnosis can be overwhelming. Remember that feeling that way is normal and OK.
If there is any doubt, researchers of all kinds will find & use your museum's online collections. Material culturalists need them.
these tricks at my job be getting me hot ! Lucky ya ass is a girl
pollard call me now!!
WE BUILT THIS CITY ON ROCK AND ROLL!!!! which in hindsight was NOT very wise. We're having serious foundational issues.
Scott Brown of Mass. needs your support to win and correct the wrongs in Washington. Go to his website and donate before the 1/19 election.
Is your site down? I am trying to access it, with no success.
you could go pick it up
hah you make me laugh
Yup. Figured they might be. They were just too cool to overlook.
you will end up hating Miss when it's all said and done. The longest drive of your life! Enjoy. LOL
Still feel indifferent about the PAC hologram???????😲😲
Ronnie James Dio (R.I.P.)
What kind of number is 000?! I need a new phone! Ugh!
thank you:) ps maybe this tweet can count as part of the twitter-involving thing I have to tell you but I forget what it is? :)
you're welcome and thank you, too.
almost done my hair . I never noticed I had a lot of hair . ! ( :
#Quote2SpinBy  Yawning is your body's way of saying 20% of battery remaining RT
I'm so good at philosophy.
Oh my dear heavens....if you haven't seen this week's SNL's Drunk Uncle, WATCH IT! hulu://w/348495
Need a study break this weekend? Don't miss Contagion at the Varsity Theatre sponsored by ! Fri at 9, Sat at 7, and Sun at 7:30.
So long
RT cfaulkner-> Called #Clear they say no current outages. Mean while I get spotty connection.
Rawlings: humanities allow to contribute to yr country by reading critically, evaluating arguments, apply serious thought to probs
RT : A #Libra will wait for their true love, once they've found them, they are extremely loyal.
oh yea!?
lol, editing at 3am...Props for your hard work with the show, I know just from the short remix that it's time consuming.
Did you (re)learn anything cool over the long weekend?
Remember, every meal doesn’t have to contain meat. Choose a veggie burrito and save up to 23 grams of cholesterol and 8 grams of fat.
Dr. Conrad Murray has been found GUILTY of involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson.
Tom Cruise and Robert Downey, Jr. Rumored for El Presidente The "Tropic Thunder" duo may reunite for Jay Roach's action comedy.
he doing better
'Sir, i wanna go where the women will like me for me.' 'this cab only deals in reality, son. we're not riding the magic school bus.'
Wait a minute, Mark Thewes - Josh McD's best friend from High School still works for the team?
Are you all ready for the LAMC next month? Quien va?
ok. Iwill. Talk to later
Last night I had a dream about your apple covers. The one I had was to big for my apple. hm
That awkward moment when a liitle kid is staring at u and when u look away and tern back the kid is still staring at u... :)
so wrong. Wasn't another stall open before you stepped in?
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after natural disaster ,Check us out! RT?
Feeling mistreated, misplaced & misunderstood <<<<<<<<<
Michael Myers is trending haha
Thanks so much for the RT! We truly appreciate the support!
Does the tech in your home know what he's doing? We are an #ACCA member and our technicians are NATE tested. Watch video...
needs alot more followers retweet this here for ya boy
studying for a test.
Thanks! :) It's weird to see how long my hair has gotten since December! Sheesh!
Drivers in #Somerville, if you are turning left from a stop sign and I'm crossing the street, I have the right of way.
sitting by the phone all night waiting for you to text back... And then youre sleeping... cant help but laugh
RT if you love all your fans and think they're all beautiful!♥
What is that cumraig?
Off in an hour....in 2, I'll be cozy and wrapped up like a 6'2" burrito on the road to recovery
Who wants a #FF!?
My phone is acting up. Won't let me send emails
i know you
Wishing everyone a Blessed Yule. Winter Solstice is at 12:34 am tomorrow morning. Sunrise at 7:17 am. May the new born sun shine bright.
I'm sick of hearing about the saints on espn and how they be cheating.
rt“: Final night of Seattle events tonight: Keystone Congregational Church, 5019 Keystone Place North, Seattle, WA 98103”
Damn -- yo titties so far apart if i wanted to see the grand canyon ide google map it!
I think when parents say "Because I said so" its because they cant think of any reasons to back up what they said...
Who's going to NJ or NYC Next week for UFC on FX ?
Ugh. My pop is trying right now. He is having a tough time remembering anything. Though to be around
It is wise to respect the rights of others & appeal to their intelligence with knowledge & reason!
Austin's Mistletoe video has over 2 MILLION VIEWS! RT if you're proud of him!(: -Kayla
Man sometimes i think its hopefully inpssible to act but i go on with cz thats wat i love and passion so i do it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 so happy
is Jordan Hill really +19 in this gmae?!??! TALK ABOUT EFFICIENT!!
#nwxportland planning with and !! Don't forget to mark your calendars Mar 9-11, 2012 with
yes! PanTone - that is excellent too.
can we discuss what symbaloo can add on PLE in new sealand and australia? 1 of the 7 fantastic free tools for teachers?
its like 9 around here and my sleep hasn't been good :/
“The effectual fervent prayers of the righteous avail much.” - James 5:16
Look at the twitter page and you will find out. Plus you are still on my email list; hence, you should had gotten the email.
#beforeiDie I going tell my wife who I been fucking !
Wow my mom really just told me she was done with me.
I'll try to get HQ pics of the boys.
ill get u a little sign...kindly do not let your dog doo doo in my office.
Do not fear, I am with you. Do not be afraid, I am your God. Isaiah 41:10
I wish I could too, but I'll be working that day
YESS :D I'll send you my bbm pin.
Yes indeed! Cheese puff anyone? :)
is the coolest person and my best friend in the whole world!!! Y'all should follow her(:
I'm sorry, I'm washing my hair tonight.
I want some Sprite for some reason
Every man should wear high heels at least once in his life.
I know - I'm a just a girl but I'm so excited to see what the #Broncos do tonite vs the Cowboys. Myla wants to watch it too. I love it!
omg xml class.. boosh.
I just love making peoples days, it makes mine too make theirs hahah.
Run man. Break-a-leg! #Fuerza Bruta
Jamie has a pico dolly and uses it with a t3i
hahaha go to bed if your tired hahah :)
seen this Cotto/Floyd Kellerman "faceoff"? Floyd stopping Max to check sports bets during interview.
All the GLORY belongs to you ,
LIfe at the beach suck much less than life in Roanoke
Haven't tweeted in ages, so...tweet
-- repeating / cuckoo, cuckoo / the day dawned #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
holy shit I'm wide awake as fuck right.
Morning tweethearts...its Monday!!!
So excited to be heading to Beijing to talk #socialmedia. But what will life be like without Twitter, Facebook, and Gmail for a week?!?
Trial of cop charged w/ sex crimes could last 3 wks. Women who say A revalos was inappropriate but who aren't "victims" will testify
Hey to everyone!
checking out on V - 103 !!
RT ": I AM THE APEX PREDATOOORRRRRRR"
Wish I was in the office for #signingday!!
you welcome! <3
I want to download the newest Nerdist Writer's Panel, but haven't watched Breaking B. season 4 yet. Should that matter at all?
Designing a t-shirt for a great local church.
"Kadesh" is the first part of the seder- we can sanctify the day over the first cup of wine.
Watching Despicable Me video clips on youtube could entertain me for hours! Best one is posted on 's FB wall now :-)
Love is a frequency of the Divine - Tune your heart to Love's frequency and allow it to flood your being with Divine Joy!
I'm so jealous of your life! I feel like you are in FLA weekly!
Sounds/Looks amazing. Can;t make it this time...But say hi to JOSH for me. Let me know when you head out WEST!
I know . It's all just really really extremely stupid .
Management training >>>>
o i wish bt im tlkin about mega skate plaza
try it first!
I hope you have a wonderful birthday tomorrow and I also wish amazing you would follow me but HAPPY BIRTHDAY <333333333334444
Hey did not think that we're going to win. Speechless
My new Cobb saddle and using Slather was awesome today!!! Highly recommend both
Yooo! Dude you were awesome in the We Found Love video! I wish I was you! Hahah I'm like in love with Rihanna! You are awesome!
Good luck HHC's Run for Homeless Children team in #BostonMarathon ! You make a difference for homeless children
its so nice out & I dont have anyone to hang out with -.-
What;s the best thing you saw round town this weekend? Del-Vipers covering the Kids in the Hall theme Sat @ White Horse was up there for us!
Romney promises to slash his taxes across the board--and you'll get some crumbs as he eliminates Social Security and Medicare to pay for it
Bedbathandbeyond has the same stuff as everywhere else just waymore expensive.
did they take it down?
is so humble. She doesnt even know the plans i have for her.
Drum tracking for the new full length album is.... DONE!!!! :-D
Online studying can be viding PDF or audio lectures. It is the call of the tutor. Textbooks maybe prescribed as additional material...
Ok cable guy, you've got 40 more minutes ...
Happy cinco de mayo and yes I am borracha.
Start thinking of those New Year's resolutions!!
RT: " Official AXO alum :) made it with out geting kicked out #proud" my little problem child did the damn thang! YeahMeems!
UNC is unstoppable. 55 points in the first half! Double Ugh.
Working on the display window... getting tired... help... coffee!
I believe it's because American's are scolded when thinking for themselves & like being told who they should vote 4
I'm working on the first couple chapters.(: Tomorrow I promise.!
interesting that the study focused on 1program on the iPad. Working on focusing my school on apps rather than the 115 we have now
Big S/O to #Innovation!!
Well, I was saving mention for a solo tweet. :)
Everything you say & do I take it against me.. maybe I just don't like you :P
and here's hoping does a story-arc on Law&Order UK soon
how was tola?
make fun of the old lady. at least I hung until 1AM... RT : That was hilarious! <3 u Joy! RT
June will be the best month of the summer, no doubt.
People who THINK they wanna be proctologists?? Helpful experiment: Eat half a bag of Cheetos. Look under your nails. Maybe reconsider??
Regrettably a restaurant I frequent has a sign that proudly promises "local nuts". I wonder...
This math is kicking my butt .
I wonder if its fun to braid mens hair
Yes, today I admit I was a bit lazy but tomorrow I have a jammed packed day :-)
Life is just bullshit and unfair, but it's life.
Having conversation about marriage at the bar, random dude walks by, says: "I got married for her credit rating."
Did you get your care package?
did it all work out this morning??
Adding pickles to a sandwich takes it from boring to brilliant. I think.
Had a great day volunteering for + !
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS
Wow. Nice work rationing that out.
ha, great minds!
neh no one likes Kerri!!! jk... there will be plenty of time for all these plans... just you get practicing
watching #Touch...and the fact that all of this makes perfect sense to me...speaks volumes.
Blessings to you on your divine journey.
oh lol sprint? throwback! ...the internet in Mentor was out, all the stores were a mess. now im gonna blame it on sprint.
Never under estimate the artistic power of the YOUTH!
Please don't look at me like that creepy old dude 👀
then don't put her on mobile notifications?
I been off work since 7 and ain't been to sleep yet
“: All I ever wanted was to feel appreciated, for someone to be happy that they're with me”
More concerned about how Obama faked Obama's life.": Turns out awful lot of people think Obama may have faked Osama's death."
My basil is shriveling!!! No. Do I have to trim the flowers that are sprouting?
Had a nice chat with Jane Goodall at the Eye on Earth Conference today in Abu Dhabi - a wonderful woman who feels guided to do her work
When people give me them big jump on hugs >>>>
Time to kick back, relax and enjoy the sun #shades 8-)
I have no patience - _.-
True...but you know the media.....
lmfaooo he was trying to touch Andrews car !
Hey you should DM me I love youu!!!<333 :)
#BecauseOfSchool I learned how to text without looking at my phone.
hi could i get a follow back please? :)
"The things you own, end up owning you" - Tyler Durden
here at ready to die!
Loved it. Glad you shared.
Hot AF today !!
Definitely Jennifer Lopez; her new sound is rocking my mind <3 RT Who's your current celeb crush?! (:
let me text tiara too.
Oh course it is of interest. Though I would gladly purchase a copy if I don't win (I've been meaning to for the last few months)!
Pauly's with the boys.
Kelly sing "every other" line of a song (while on hold with cox). Will someone pick up the phone already!!
I can't breathe through my nooosee. WHAT THHAAAA EEEFFFF.
Enjoying four Loko before the long lasting recipe of death is changed.
Farmer's menu. Fri-Sun. Corn & Tasso Risotto w/chives & fromage blanc. Confit of Local Lamb w/field peas & minted tomato jam. 404.681.4434
Well I got the tricky analog issues worked out. Now it's getting that board released, and hit the digital again.
I believe so :) RT : is it all week? Teen jeopardy is the best.
Lol RT : “: were you the weakest link on your team bro? Lol”you know this.... Man!
Jacoby Jones catch may have sealed it after an Andrew Luck-y bounce.
haha tickets are kind of... $4k a piece LOL
Filling out job applications and watching married with children then its fairly legal next
The irony of GRYP meeting 8' from BEP meeting not lost on me. GRYP is too important to . . . (fill in the rest on your own)
getting ready for the trip to Guatemala
Ozzie Guillen story is fascinating. Having lived in Miami, it's hard for people outside of SFla to understand Cuban exile hatred of Castro..
Oh boy the madagascar crew will never get back to new York
If your idea of texting is typing each message on your old typewriter you might be a digital redneck
It is complete BS that NBA players cannot talk smack to each other. Let them compete.
Love they have a great installation by Janis Leonard
Overheard in campus Starbucks: "I love Nirvana's Nevermind. Hard to believe it's older than me." Le sigh...
Followed!!! RT“: follow back(:”
is going global!!!! Representing the
Thanks for supporting Project Gado
Love the prom dress. Great photo!
I LOVE THAT! :)
Are you a researcher when it comes to restaurants? iDine has reviews, menus and directions to over 10,000 participating restaurants.
Free promotion for your social networks on my profile. Try the URL. trust me its great. BTW , follow 4 follow?
Happy Tuesday....things are s little busy here so we've been a little quiet but I will have much to share soon! Enjoy your day!
“: Looking at old pictures & noticing how lame you were when you were younger.”
RT : Just revisited that album 'This Way' .. use to rock it all the time! #classic 2 sax 4tet vibe
Right now im in school bored Af. spanish isnt that fun when doing work ugh but its almost over
I have booking information for jim jones mother if you need it lol lol
Did you know Bamboo is a member of the grass family!
you are alone here tracie lol
I have to wash off my fucking friend cause she got fucking WASTED and is puking all over her damn self..
with wwe controlling dialogue between rock n cena. I can see the smarks turning on cena one of these weeks. Bc he's being forced
those are the cheap people...
Remember that Tango Lessons and S.I.N. are cancelled tonight. They'll resume at 7pm and 10pm next week as always.
Not sure how to feel. Happy b/c they love me but sad b/c they indicated how much hate the rest of the world hates us
His darkness drove to deep, still water.
But, why??
Has anyone seen "The Devil's Double?". It is BRUTAL.
Oprah for Harry Potter | Harry Potter Fandom
Does Rick Santorum watch GIRLS?
It's not what you got, it's what you give. Check out today & learn how you can help! mylq.org
perk got me bent If you ain't talking 'bout money, you ain't got no sense
Boyfriend is back in town and I don't care
Damn the lakers play dirty.
welcome to the
that is a fantastic discovery!! 6 degrees of you! Love it.
Been editing that Deelishis footage all-week made sure my nigga had a tight cameo! S/O to
Take my word for it. It's not good to eat 2 wk old turkey.
It's a bon fire and hot tub kind of night:)
how did this happen?!? I feel pathetic now.....
Remembrance day.... I wore my poppy 2day <3 RT if u did ;)
It's Crafty
thanks everyone!
Cross country for sure. It is an amazing workout, but so much more than that. It is a great way to clear your Mind!
Ah, gee, thanks! It was a pain in the a#@ to write. No copy/paste for me, oh no! I had to write it all out myself. Glutton.
Stephen King's IT made me sleep in my parents room for over a year
I just love going to work in a bad mood
Personally I think Angelina will wear a Vera Wang wedding gown but this entire pizza I just ate voted Stella McCartney.
still waitin for a john rich / lil jon mash up!
if i see you today yeah <3 :/ rt ": I hope feels better :/"
hello thanks for follow
what's that? All your skirts are on sale for 10$ today? i'll take all of them...
sorry, think I confused you with
RT : Looking forward to the mobile storytelling Tweet chat with today at 1 (Central) Follow.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Devastatingly handsome man seeking ice cold beer for intimate relationship~>
pool partying.
I didn't cry, I tell you!! Something got into my eye... about three times.
A good healthy friendship is becoming very scarce among childhood friends now a days just like water is very scarce around the world.
Cool, breaking of the legs! Yes, we are masochists.
I only had one teacher show ip today
I promise never to spell your name wrong again! Thanks for stopping in, please come back :)
I actually bought my shirt from
If Bynum makes 2 free throws Blazers will be down 30 with over 9 minutes left in 2 Q .... WOW
mickey mouse pajamas♥
Omg is co hosting 106&park yes it's going to be fun.. N funny lol Roc is so sexxi my eyes gont be on him the hole time ;)
I'll dig into that tomorrow then.
Damn girl how you that sexy and femine, but why you walkin like a linebacker?
Lol u kno u r. I bet u horny af right now huh ? Lmao
He has your vote now RT : Will Newt hulk up, wag the finger at that old guy to his right, hit the big boot and drop the leg?
Love this quote: “You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler
will double student loan rates to support his cushy college job that is a sham
Want to join our mailing list? Email us at
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Woohoo! RT : W/ & 80 of my closest mobile enthusiast friends at the mobile meetup
Cat Fact: More than 35,000 kittens are born in the U.S. each year. Spay or neuter your cat.
Today should be a really good day 😃 have a photoshoot with #AlaskaAirlines at noon!
Papermill, and that's a great pre race dinner!
I will keep both of you in my prayers. I hope Nancy is recovering well.
you are very welcome! Love your sites :-) They take me away on travels, when I can't leave my desk
Our Volume VII submission season is OPEN. SUBMIT! www.polyphonyhs.com/submit
mr fishers dance durin that song goes in thats the new club move
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay , "You Talk White" .. O_o I Never Knew RACE Had A LANGUAGE !
on my way..where London
i dont know how to get you to notice me on this over crowded social network of twitter
my MVP vote is for that furry coat your wearing, everybody got a glimpse on national tv!
In a month, we'll have all but forgotten about Seau. It will be time for mini camps. The beast needs to be fed. And I'm one of the feeders.
sorry "the pez" is over and were making digorno and I'm not allowed to go anywhere
he's to old for you
#LastTimeIChecked, you haven't asked me out, therefore I'm single, therefore I can do WHATEVER the FUCK I want. ✌
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
Shout out to Doing big things!
I cannot wait to see you on the next episode of Punk'd it's going to be great!
i graduate before you ! yay lol
I was at the party last night.
Jim, real traders can admit to being wrong and your as real as they come, keep trading strong my man!
going to see the woman in black, wish my baby was coming with me thou. waahhhhhh.
Not feeling well
mind. blown.
Thanks for sharing my post on A/B testing!
I got played. Its all good tho
Sleep.... Good for the body, great for the mind, a necessity for the soul. Tomorrow is a new day w new and endless possibilities! Gnite
"Can someone turn the house lights up? Somebody backstage is going FUCK, FUCK." --Kevin Spacey. I only tweet what's said onstage.
Life on campus was really funny :D ahha
Thanks for the hospitality and great tour. I'm uploading video to to be edited right now!
Sites today! So excited!!!
they focus on how pretty Cloud and (which is creepy weird since they aren't real characters) are or how bad ass they are. Ya
The NBA has gone down hill since they started letting soccer players play. #wnba has more dudes in it.
Well I feel sorry for you! But we have dress code. The dresses or skirts have to be below your knees. But none follows it
That was my nigga! No bull IMISS HER :(
Love my chicken from popeyes
RT Feeling pretty good about my 15-1 prediction.
“Your work is to discover your work and then, with all your heart, to give yourself to it.” – Buddha
No problem. Gotta support.
just got your books guys!
Was Matsuzaka ever a strikeout pitcher? His nickname doesn't seem to fit his style.
jelly babies?:0
cracks me up That Man is Funny as hell. Macaveli Chitown in the building
about to watch a movie with my friend jennifer
See you then cuz! :-) : I hope you had a good time little cuz, miss you, I will meet her in June."
People are attracted to different things. Typically, the big 3 are: Money, Attention, and Impact.
That's a great quote. Any wisdom I have has a lotta swearing.
Congrats RT": I just got my keys to my apt and signed my lease...!! How excited am I???"
Are you at PDT?! I love that place!
and your a bit a old for 16 and pregnant. haha. you just want kids dont you?
": What is meant for you will be yours. It’s only a matter of time. #TLS"
What do you use?
Expecting old mindsets to blow up: It's #socialmedia day at #kipcamp. High-energy sessions with ,
lol OH those tights.
Types of #entrepreneurs by - Tinkerer, Life Styler, Athlere & Suicide
Yes! We are, "Dan Approved!" and much appreciated, it was a surprise when I woke up.
to build something better.
Mom iz taking us on errand run. Arooooo!!
GM and right back at cha
Yeah Karma can be a bitch to man.
Sam Bradford has to love not getting a stud receiver.
~ So exciting! Congratulations!
I ℒℴѵℯ it when you
is that how you like it? Oh?
I can't stop thinking about you; crack a smile and I just can't lose. #np (;
Numbers too big to ignore MT : 80% prefer social sign-in; leads to 10-50% increase in conversion rate via
LOL yah u got the wrong dani d.
Soon as my munchkins go to sleep im making me some breakfast. Eggs,sausage,and toast. Hm. Cant wait.
My hand hurts from opening so many direct mail contributions for Jeff Fitzgerald's campaign
well I ain't allowed to do nothing and I'm sick of being BORED
that's all you probably care about
Aww you are the sweetest! Thank you I love you!!
what's going on hows everything going for u
I'm thinking me and you need a Nandos date ASAP!
There are many things I can live without but this is something that if I don't get I will have a major breakdown #gottahaveit haha
This is a link-testing tweet.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Crest Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
after such awesome displays of appreciation, are you sure you want today to be your last day teaching?
-- thanks Lisa! Looking forward to re-connecting on #ConnectGens when I am back from
Hopefully soon! We're having some issues unifying profiles with our old CMS, and some other new platform issues.
. brunch in #DC is like "if you give a mouse a cookie" but with #cocktails. Then you realize it is 7pm.
I cough once and my parents are like "YOU ARENT MISSING SCHOOL TOMORROW!"
Not feeling well D:
Vega is looking forward to partnering with marketing/public relations and social media providers.
Starving in class. Somebody bring me some lunch please.
Floyd Mayweather? Let him serve his time. Send him to jail.
Last night..on my buidling's roof I saw a group of middle school kids drinking 40s and smoking weed. MLINY
May the 4th be with you.
True and honest change starts within. Don't look outside for answers, as everything lays within you.
the word abbreviated should be abbreviated
Jaylin seriously stop. your trying to back yourself up & protect yourself with bible verses instead of taking the convo to heart
come see me I miss you wahhhh 😔
Can people really JUST FUCK without catching feelings???????
I just went on and then went to the site they directed me to but did nto see the offer???
Yes (nice job , quick to the draw).
some good tv tho had me yellin at the tv and shyyyt lol
Thanks to all the museum partner who attended the Balboa Park Commons meeting today, collection projects moving forward!
Thank you again for the Pre Calculus notes.
If u believe it... u can achieve it!
so random
Thanks! The researchers did all the hard work. Read the full report if you get a chance. It's very interesting.
I've noticed that I'm not getting as many emails as usual...
If we don't get Yu we get fielder, right?
hot box it :)
Actually, paintings form one of the larger genre nodes, but despite a mini essay or two by Man Ray or Moholy-Nagy, not much writing
YOU WILL DIE IN YOUR SLEEP
*kiss* RT : kiss my lion
Can you tell me what he did?!?! I feel so lost and late!! And no one will tell me!!
New table this time maybe luck will change. Ready to start with 25-50 blinds and 10K starting stack
good luck :)
I'm too excited sis!
so gloomy and cold out today! well i guess thats what you get for living in buffalo..
There's hope. RT : Yay! After much persistence, I was able to buy tickets online.
Tearing me apart but you dont see
You dont fall into this category Chris. A. youre freakin hysterical and B. you already have tons of fans *see A. #forgiveness?
You were up against Salsa Fiesta and the last weekend at the State Fair...T Mobile sales hardly sound exciting after that
A sarcastic thumbs-up is a good substitute for the middle finger.
The CDC reports that one fourth of U.S. adults 65 and older have lost all of their teeth. Preventive care can help avoid this.
Uh... A what? The O and I are too close together apparently. ;-)
...Sagardi cider house in Barri Gotic for cider and tapas, and Passeig del Born (for drinks and dinner) on your list!
Hangin w Danny Carey... on my way to a rehursal Now...
SPRING FLING SPEICAL ~ 30% OFF ALL Classes! + A FREE Airbrush Machine (exp - May 31, 2012)
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
BlogWorld and Partner to Offer Airport Shuttle Service to Attendees! bit.ly/qBEy9W
new head coach! Chuck Pagano!!
Aw, thank you! Part II will be up some time this week -- nitty gritty cataloging nerdiness.
Even Stevie knows a bunch of drunk rich white people can't keep a beat by clapping.
Gods time absolutely is the best time
We're also welcoming our new board at this Saturday's chapter meeting!
I will be up at Penn State for the Ohio State game this fall. Anyone want to join me?
The way to sucess is failer! Most great leaders will tell u that it is in your failers that you learn what not 2 do! Just don't stay down.
Going to see at the Idaho Chapter of the annual meeting. Learning about the influence of Aldo Leopold!
and the bjqueen title cums back to me!
hi Ross! Nice to c u! Oliver Pesch will update on #SUSHI 2morrow in the #niso pres at #erl12...we'll post on our site
good morning [;
Me? I don't chase rabbits--I pull them out of my hat.
Everyone on staff at the Women's Fund of Central IN has been involved in Girl Scouts. #GSAlumnae are changing the world!
One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer.
#FF thanks for the tip
Absolutely!!! It was my pleasure.
#GOODMORNING!! Enjoy your day today and remember... it's a #tuesday...that means tacos are a mandatory lunch...
I'm not gonna lie, but one of my biggest fears is the dentist, i cannot trust one soul near my teeth.
Kipp76 I picked up a growler of Graham Cracker Porter from new brewery Denver Beer Co. this morning.
I want some BBQ. I want it right now. M!
MT : Attending #STExpo12? Come hang out at on the day before, 5/2 at 9:00pm for Apps & Drink Specials!
Wish I was at #NikeClinicVegas!
Wow. What an up and down couple innings. Win!
lol me fucked up? Lol no. Just sometimes you be actin flaw and it makes me mad
TRIPPY! “: After reading this tweet you will realize that the the brain doesn't recognize a second "the".”
Hehehe, me either. I have no clue ...
nice people at #TEDxDU but missing the mark so far, last speaker felt more like an advertorial than any new info
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives
types of tea
Carb Lovers Diet day 1: blueberry oat pancakes with maple yogurt. Saw it on the TODAY Show, yum!
who's the guy on your pic? Is that you, totally gorges!!
OH that looks painful :( <3
How was dinner on Saturday? What did you have?
I'm waiting for somebody to say "Fuck you, Dane Cook's Vicious Circle is a comedic classic."
Some people just need to grow up.
Black Sabbath returns!! Fantastic day in the world of music!
Getting the info to finish my last Genetics assignment!!
WTF WHERE DO YOU GET THESE PICTURES FROM
Now the half/whole scale is a cool Altered scale with a nat 13. Use over Dom7 chords!! Nasty!
Of course, I almost called it POINT BREAK a minute ago. That would awesome if there was a French version. Surfing in Cote de Lumiere? Yeah.
Beck is promising a miracle at his rage rally. Unless it's God turning Beck into a pillar of salt, I won't be impressed.
We're not Geeks, We're experts! Call 404-702-2865!
stop your making me sad!
Believe it or not I watch your online news stories more than I watch the local news combined.
me neither girl, me neither
Yesterday was nice.
you guys are gonna do great! Good luck tomorrow :). I'll be there Saturday!
just when I thought that I had seen every scary movie concept ever. Cabin In The Woods just changed that.
I wish I could be watching this great #Brewers game today! Stuck at work and not being televised!
Hey Kiko,are you looking for any new production at this time?
Just made it to twitter. Looks like I'm a little behind in the pop culture! Just got home from #Passion2012 and it was Amazing! :)
About 50.1% of the voters going completely insane!
Wow. This isnt the moment to waist time Kobe -.-
Congrats on ur win today against the Dolphins :)...now WWE Hell in the Cell....#TeamCenation!
own, sorry :P i need a lift to the florist and to levain, can?
Pokatok in Pasadena next Saturday.
are you going to cover the #UAWOW rallies across the country today to stop the GOP's #WarOnWomen ?
RIP Ben Gazarra, "Buffalo 66" and "killing of a Chinese Bookie"---real deal
#natediaz with the double bird! Quickly followed by some nasty combinations.
Well...wonder what this could be. RT : More big news for the program!!!!?
lil Wayne is so ass now... I dont even click on his shit if he drops a new song best rapper right now freal
I am finishing the last song on my new CD due out later this year. People have no idea how many hours go into a 3 minute song.
"I said no to drugs But they just wouldn't listen"
My foresight says partying in Miami until 7am + not having anything to wear to a 2pm wedding was a mistake.
I had to set up for the stupid neighborhood garage sale -.-
Hahahaha.....yeah....I know EXACTLY what you mean...
Just watched on w/ & NE 1 else feel Parazit guys avoided reality of being US funded?
My universe will never be the same<3
A3 Bondi Beach all the way
all that accomplishment hidden away, haha. But you display your knowledge anyway :-)
will check them out
Update your availability so contacts know if you are available or away
like , "Wtf , Idnt even care ab that . Then she was like ohh ok. then i was like yea . then she gone say and how ashli
get up and dust off your shoulders. it happens to the best of us.
I'm goign thru the Ed Dale 30 Day Challenge...anyone else every used it. Very cool!
who all there?
600 & something people have seen you shake your ass on the video for niall ! How do you feel brah ? ;D
Who's still up?!
Thanks for last night everyone! We'll be posting links to our older work later on today
Had a meeting with a PR guy about my book. He was extremely enthusiastic. Of course, he's paid to be enthusiastic. I think he was high, too.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
Here celebrating my little cousins birthday. So happy :)
Never #cook when you're not in the #kitchen!!!
So glad!
#askharry im asking some clever questions, if i do say so myself. Favorite memory with the boys?
papa don't preach!
Who else still thinks they have super powers, but they just don't know how to activate them yet? ;)
Fair warning though, lots of cursing....
So hungry! I just keep thinking about those Easter leftovers in the fridge at home. Yum!!
Just wow!
Following. They better be super cute, and have great hair and winning smiles. Also, make sure one of them isn't evil.
gets props from Terri Cohn for her "After Vermeer" self-portrait. fam rocks.
Lmmfaooooooooooo!!!!!!! ": Man, that chick is ridiculous! I'd ruin her life, because I would keep her pregnant!"
I believe in u. I always have and I always will <3
Thanks so much for following me back! :)
Charlie Sheen !!!!!
I need me a pair
As always.. such great tips!
Good morning texts. Kisses on the forehead. Hand holding. Long walks. Hard goodbyes. I miss you. I love you. ♥
it's writing season!
aww love you too lil sweetness.
thanks for the follow my man.
well done!
u the lil homie man i cant take yo money
#Podhbcu excited to hear Bob Boice – can't believe I forgot to bring paper to this conference! Thanks to James Rhem and Bill Burke for some
my kids are very concerned about Dynamo's fate. Let me know what you hear :)
Mavs Fever has spread to Italy. No wonder it's so hot in Dallas.
working hard on #believe?(;
#coremedia in #sanantonio would love you to swing by & see what we're all about. Come see us.
God is good.. All the time!! JOEL 3:10!
Artists and Brands has remade classic Hip Hop songs with local Hip Hop artists for Big Mac and McDonald's! Catch the McDonald's! spot on TV!
Rest in peace Mike Owens. You'll never be forgotten.
on #Mariners ownership and why it COULD be a good time to sell. NWST w/ 930pm , 11pm KONG 6/16
Hey Darlins i need to know who is volunteering for Run for Cover Sunday. please message me!!
I think it's his girlfriend that is old enough to be his mom
great stuff and very timely. i think i grew some brain cells after reading it. i will share with DePaul folk.
I saw your face.. omg -.- beatt !
Morton's for Your Holidays! It's never too early to start planning! Morton's is perfect for Christmas parties, office celebrations and h…
Amazing to see all of the military people fawning over President Obama at Tinker AFB, know how badly he wants to cut them to nothing...
Mitchell gets standing ovation for speech
Had a great time today chatting with Cheri Lawson at WNKU! <3 Moriah
:) did u watch the new episode of kickin it it was so funny ..!!
so snobby and high maintenance.
shit I know I'd be on the next thing smokin for real.
somebody follow me and my girl kayla
I also got Canelo. Can't go wrong with anyone that has red hair freckles.
Annual neighborhood #YardSale tomorrow! I'm set and ready, Just finished 's book
Belated thanks for the #FF...hope all is well...
i like big.
Woo. Bout to be a fun night!
A pile of paper in the stairwell. Not quite as dramatic as a chair. But yeah, I think everything is fine now
s/o to Nice to meet you at the video shoot.
Bulls chillin at the top spot.. #CHICAGO We on one
don't call him babe. You don't even like him.
Leaving this life is harder for some than others. Pain is temporary. U are strong! Love u grandpa
hm... I wonder if Dayton will call for a Viking special session around Thanksgiving time?
like it.
That was totally going through my head tonight.
Businesses in Miami! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
too funny. everyone owned by a dog can relate to this!
Just got home from Yuletide show :)! And I did pretty good! Well wish me luck again tomorrow cause we have to play for the whole school :/!
“: So what we go camping, so what we don't sleep, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees. #partylikeits2012” LUV IT
Swag.me.the fuck.Out.
Christians will live as travel agents or tour guides. The 1st tells others but never experiences. The 2nd leads others where they have been.
Bro's free wifi skim went from "C Link" to "Don't Ask Stupid Questions" and is now locked.
Finally, a day to relax a little. Hanging at the hotel in Chicago while is at #SOBCon. Had loads of fun last night, more tonight!
because the grenades are so expensive
good luck! I'll be watching it on
Stanford win only helps Oregon's chances to get back to the Natty.
How to choose #autism learning apps 4 your child: List UR target areas, read reviews before download, customize 4 UR child's ability
you know how fans used to call Zito and Vlad the "Mariner killer?" Raul has to be new one
Stay safe man RT : Y is it everywhere I go these deadly tornadoes follow me!!!! Wtf
Qk shoves I call with kk flop is 9 high the guy hits running queens. Lol.
Thank you for the retweet, have a great evening
What does "having it all" mean to you?
You should watch Extreme Couponing!! They stock pile! They have a separate room for all of their stuff!! It
Thanks for the RT. Not taking in enough shows to blog about? It's been a while for me...
well all I really care about is next weeks champions league finals and that it's all
sadly I didn't :( when you came to Boston on the WTPT I waisted outside 2 hours cause I wasn't allowed back in after I went out
Don't know if you remember Harry's weird obsession with Mel Torme on "Night Court." What was that all about?
Here's what I do: "hero-making iconography: it's not just for killers anymore."
Yes, discounts for bulk orders. Contact us at
Samuel R. Delany is okay in my book.
So You Can Download Music At #CHURCHCLOTHES .Com ?
I got a million ways to get. Choose one. Ayee bring it back. I'll double && make it a stack... Hmm something like that.(:
Merry Christmas everybody!
The guy at the DMV doesn't want me to smile in my driver's license photo. Well great news, jackass, happiness will not be getting in the way
I'm still gonna hate Zack Efron regardless. No research necessary.
can you please follow me aaron when you get this ok please i will be happy im a big fan of you just please om buddy see ya
here here but u said might. U are, take it claim it
has to be haha looks big!
#digitalindia Rajan discussing ITHAKA S&R "Unlocking the Gates"
i definitely love how the first thing i see when i look at your profile is "fuck people" :D
At my fifth stanford graduation...finally, hal is a doctor!
I heard the real designer for the Air Yeezy II was haters gonna hate
I experienced this more than once. stories were rejected due to non-atx artists. (my show, not my story).
back to normal tomorrow. All is well in the Matrix.
RT Girl: I'm not hungry I'm just watching my shape #whatimreallysaying is man I'm fat as hell! "Lol, so true"
Watchmaker, teach me the ways. I want to learn the secrets and the sciences of seconds, The methods to dull my ears to the sound.
is introducing the panelists from
Hey Tim, thanks for the RT. Have a great day!
Bout to kill this shit!
Motivational Monday: what's motivating you to get to the gym this week?
it's been snowing for almost two hours here... Huge ginormous #snow flakes.
Followed, thanks for following Arlett. :)
Yo Trent, follow back?
Buy a box, chop, or 10 wings and get a FREE Med. Fries or Drink w/ a #TallyCardz courtesy of
gosh you have 30 is that not enough!?x
Seriously cutting sugar out of everything again. Hello splenda(:
maybe today's the day to buy lotto tickets haha
I agree with you!
Annoying moms.
A knife, a cork, a bottle and a fork, that's the way you spell New York.
It's so weird how I can be so happy one moment and then go to crying my eyes out.
Give thanks 2 the most high today, all we can do is pray, I pray 4 my relationships, progress, a believer, but my faith is tested everyday
Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 1130! Great storytime for children not yet walking!
Man do I love Creed
aww I think I just made your night... cool :)
RT : RT : My feelings for you have always been real. - #LE7ELSatREVEL Saturday, June 16!
Is it Pet's Mart, or Pet Smart?
hahahha!!!! You should DEFIANTLY do it you have an amazing voice <333
wondering if your kids will refrain from their smart ass remarks while you're changing today.
Big happy birthday to my favorite UK QB, Hope its awesome!
Concerned about new format. Bright "mc" & color bar could burn into tv screen. Can't keep on anymore :(
My hair O_o
understanding friends >>>>>>>>>
No problem. Glad you enjoyed.
My mom thought he "seemed so nice" until she found out how pro-gun he was, at which point what she said is unprintable.
what's this wind you speak of? I just roade my bike to school and it was nicer than usual :)
Pindar~ Sweet is war to those who know it not.
I love what you are about. :-)
Let's make it a turbo. 2 days.
Why would #DPD hold a news conference to announce more info on #bradford stop? Yes, I am curious
My college years were filled with exciting trips, shuttling friends from the sewing lab to the ER with needles embedded in bone.
how r u bro ? Let's do lunch or some whenever u out in L.a again
About to head to school -.- , I'm sleepy but I gotta gone get this education so I can become a better somebody
RT : Ive learned that making a living is not the same thing as making a life. — Maya Angelou
i really thought you were different :/
Want late night pizza in Milwaukee? You know who to call!!! Pizza Shuttle (414) 289-9993! We deliver till 4am on Fridays
Feeling a little slow after yesterday's Cinco de Mayo fun? A little hair of the dog at Happy Hour may be in order!
They do Fried Chicken every Wed. so, if you're ever in chicago on a Wed. night, you should check it out.
"What goes around, comes around like a hula hoop. Karma is a bitch? Just make sure that bitch is beautiful."
What's going on with Dreamhost?
good thing I am following you :)
Thank you
Patience has improved for Lake, at least so far in 2012. Last yr, he had 19 BBs in 478 PAs, already has 8 in just 38 this season
It's this time of the year again. Time to get busy filming early as next week love it....
RT AND I LOOOVVVVEEEEEE the new "I Still Believe" and hearing the Sophias Heart kids recorded :-)
OMG I HOPE YOUR OKAY :'( :)ILYShawty<3
bitch im the shit i aint worried bout shit
get your Dick hard on the floor
do you finally miss us enough to come and visit? orr ya know *fake caugh* *fake caugh* move back? *fake caugh*
that's how I feel about Ringer on the CW!!
:-) just the stills at this point...
Oh good, here comes my daily "the sun is so warm, why not take a nap at my desk" attack. Eyes open!
thanks bryan hoping u have an amazing weekend!!!!;)
I'll try ! Shes gonna go c gorge Lopez at nay nays school remember
When my brother gets in a bad mood, I get in a bad mood -__-
Have a good good friday! :)
great gTalking with you!
90% of what i do.. i do for the reaction ill get
and the people that are afraid will never learn. they'll never experience what the others do. how sad.
uh. Yes. Always!!! Particularly in March!
lol I'm just sayin if they do there's no one stoping them from that point
it is! All the construction is terrible. Northwest hwy (loop 12) is the way to go when heading east or west.
": My trust level only come with a few cuz ppl will cross you faster then a cat datz in the stresst"
Church with my mom and dad! ⛪
Still looking for #Easter basket goodies? has everything you need to make this holiday special!
Nothing like a bonfire on a Friday night (:
You And I is the best video that you have had you are so handsome when you put of Joe Calderone I adore you as Joe Calderone
IndyCar Series CEO Randy Bernard this week backed out of his appearance at the 40th annual Last Row Party. Bo!
So excited for our second #PiChiWeek event at St. Mary's court with ZBT tonight! Salsa and community service! What could be better?
You're welcome Sarah!
Negro fuck you I am not your maid!
Yes indeedy, Greta. Happy Resurrection Day! :-D
beautiful scenery!
hell, today really is the worst day, lololololol
Bring on Miami!!!!
nigga you told me a month ago -_- and she has work. But I'm d, well depends on when you plan to come back
I need a drink!!
Stop hatin on people that wanna hear a jam ova & ova "The Way I Roll" for the 6th time!! They don't get it...LOL
Wow--the snow is coming down! Looking forward to seeing the news crews on the Square :)
swear i needa change my digits!
Starting the countdown today for my Milwaukee trip at 15 days. Yippee!
Oh I think I like him!!!!
A Walk To Remember<3
Ain't going to school tomorrow or Friday .. Ian got time .
:C I'm sorry <3
Gone put it air nigga smoke sumin i got half where it at nigga smoke sum smoke sum
Ok #GMen its up to you...... BEAT the piss out of those losers!
thanks but that stuff is nasty. During a workout. Idk. Maybe once or twice
Thanks for following everyone
Ricky Senter?! That kid that used to drink motor oil and drive a moped full speed into the brick Franke Park restroom building?
welcome Rhonda Christensen to Tweeter!! We give thanks to the new iPhone! Pass the jellied cranberry sauce!
Im about to kick someones ass because seriously you dont fuck with my family like that and get away with it!
As sad as it is to see Blockbusters going out of business, I'm cleaning up at the going-out-of-business sales. -JO
#birthdayshoutout goes out to my FRONT...MY ACE
Bought my first drumset when I was 14- twenty years ago this coming July. I blame it on Neil Peart. Still.
I've already forgotten it and it hurts my brain when I try to remember it.
Related: If schools are such an issue why is lobbying for casinos in Annapolis more than education?
What's everyone doing today? Take advantage of the sun!! MOVE!
fight me
Change of Playlist Plans for the PM. It's all #Tohoshinki, bb.
replied too
Thanks for taking part in the conversation Tim.
Hi lovelies! I'm still around, just no conferences this year. :( 2012 is the year of debt wipe-out!
Haven't tried out any world domination schemes lately. Perhaps that would be something to work on today. #amediting and plotting.
we are so ready !! > RT : Dr. FU hits the stage at 11:30pm at hosted by and Party DC!
i dont hate my face i hate my smile blehh
did you check out that bilal video?
maybe you should learn how to love a machine.
Thank you all for your support of our Brew House project. To be a part of tonight's meeting, join us at #ROC City Hall, 3rd floor, at 8 p.m.
I don't wanna go back home... :(
Just walked over to the Book Festival and got soaked--the water is above ankle level on Centre St. in Mount Vernon. Yikes!
Dress conservatively for interviews. Education is a conservative profession. #USCEdGrad Garcia
My #Jetta is on life-support :( ... please don't die on me Betsy! I need you to get and I back to #Canada this weekend!
did you go see "The Goonies" house in Astoria? (you know you did) ;-)
All harden so called fouls was just good defense ...
Haha. Questions to you via Skype. But we can also chat tonight.
They save the best for last
In competitions I have entered thus far in life I have won a tin of shortbread, a backup drive, and two boardgames. Oddly pleased.
We're hosting the wine table for Local Underground Tent Party. 6 wines to sample. Glass purchases available.
Thanks to for talking w Phil Kent about the 3500 foodboxes we'll deliver to PDXfamilies
Make your way out of the heat and visit our #gallery! It's the final week of the Strictly Painting show up now!
Back in the US from my trip to Canada...lots to catch up on!
the Truth shall set you free
Stupid hair wont stay in unicorn style
hopefully a good rollercoaster ride lol and I been good. Pushing my own brand and helping the kids out
There's Two type of people out here- People who do it and people who don't. Which one are you?
no better place!!
Follow me Ari, ILY so much<3 Can I have a shoutout? You're my idol and inspiration<333
listening to Pandora and they went from playing club music to playing all this sad, emotional stuff...i gotta switch this station lol
Our dog, Dita, just farted & it was so bad my eyes watered.
Brain Floss: In the nineteeth century, strawberries were eaten to prevent the build-up of tartar and to freshen the breath. Yum!
Dinner was delicious, but I am so full it hurts. Merpp.
I need new songs i be listening to the same music in the whip now i be tuning into hot 97
wish able bikini tan lines here on this kitti this year Quen
Maybe we should.
Watching but look forward to Boris' updates for & Thanks in advance Boris. Go 11 18 & 20!!!
Confirming for the enemies of USA yr lies on POTUS.Will it be better 4 you as "Pres" later?You're mak'n it worse
let me know if I can help we have most daily disposables in stock.
Um maybe?! Do it. ": #drumoff rehearsal then heading to the USC/Cal game maybe?"
how canI email you some draft for glades? DM is too short. Inbox me your email if u can. Have a great idea about a story:)
Thanks for the shoutout today! Lovin your website and all the fun stuff you cover!
I need to get my mustang fixed. Good thing I applied at places today, I hope #LuceResearch calls me doe. I wanna work there. Meh. It's gonna
hey you should do a concert in New York!we love you!<3
(Really Good) SUSHI DAI, Tsukiji Fish Market Tokyo寿司大: via
Well done sir ;)
i love that grey cable knit sweater. what is it made out of?
Nice on the spend btw...BAM wanted to know if they had a better than 3:1 on that HA! or did you pause it lol.
Watching game of thrones ..... Such an interesting show
What will Gail Collins be speaking about next week ?
Building relationships key to building a bigger better business
waiting on my....(fill in the blank)
:Sweet....Call me punk butter cup!!!
Just arrived at the stage at Pittman-Sullivan Park, where the route ends. Just in time. My cell phone battery is screaming for mercey.
Figured I'd get one smart ass tweet in this morning lol.
