So, I guess my update rituals do not influence remote outcomes afterall. Damn quasi-magical thinking.
RT : L. Nakamura () says Iran revolution wasn't so much revolution for Iran, as much as a revolution for Twitter
exactly! Bailed out by travel call!
You can submit the rest of the application requirements and just let Isis Wright know when you will be taking the exam.
U must BELIEVE IN YOU b4 you can make others do it !!!
I hear you. When someone asked me if I knew any, I almost chuckled. Jobs are not hard to come by for these guys.
The Ice Cream Social Tour starts today! Be sure to say hello to our first time merch guy/all around great dood Jack Mock!
yep-golf actually looks really good in 3-D, Augusta is beautiful. Basketball isn't that great,I threw the glasses during UW NIT
The road to success is always under construction.
Thanks for the Twitter mentions.
w.e not worth arguing with you.
I feel so out of touch. Like I haven't been on any form of Social Media in a long time. :-/.
Congrats on the new gig.
- thanks for the shout out!!
Researching XML handling in AS3. Any suggestions of where to start? podcast, RSS feed, image gallery...?
We should definitely go skating tomorrow again!
Lawnchair in the driveway, joint in my hand
my head hurts so bad :/
Congrats! Very excited to hear that! RT PCI receives $15m Gates Fdtn grant to improve health in northern India
are you watching best of cheers right now?
5 meteors...time for bed.
Q1 #momeochat from the mouth of babes, "she" says that they are making up for what they did not have as kids.
Having crazy dreams lately .
it was GaryVee
I like it!
Need a memory boost? Give your brain a workout with games like chess, Scrabble, or bridge.
Thx Kaitlin RT Great term for what your brand's #sm should aim for from "relevant virality."
Im not Common but im for
Tanner is a loser
Let's go Oakland!!!
excited to be going to TED Global this year and to hear your talk. +1 for strange. :)
Happy St. Patricks Day from Alta Vista :-) Everyone have a fun and safe holiday!
If you pardon the indulgence, we'd like to dedicate a HUGE #FF to as he takes on a cross country bike ride today.
Home early from work.. that's love
thanks for the suggestion. I did most of the work in the yard tho. ;-)
agreed, but wins the 'showing republican aversion to facts' award.
Ha, yes, yes we are all related. If ever in Milwaukee stop in and say hi and I will do the same!
What a pick by Sterling Moore..
Just learned that a young dude at my old High School was diagnosed with and is now fighting leukemia. RT with a prayer please
Is there water on Mars? YES- in the form of ice at the poles and in the soil
"BITCH I DONT KNOW YOUR LIFE!"
Nothing like sweating my ass off during my final in Lambert.
After church hopping in Da whip Blasting #116 from #TheGoodLife produced by my homie !
Today made me really sad. I hope tomorrow is better.
ahahahaaaa and that wouldn't even be funny lol
Archives, prison libraries, children's literature, info policy, government docs, activism in retirement...glimpse of the topics
May the 4th be with you!
economy loses 6200 JOBS, #StandWithJohnDOE :O
WE ND A LOT OF THEM
I had to cook, it's been several days since I've been able to chew real food. Sigh.
my mom and I are making a video to call me maybe out back , nobody will ever see it 😂
And the spurs keep it going.
cant wait man <3
and I were wondering if we can go over 3 pages for our print layout? Thats a bit limited for two people.
Did you know that the performing arts in Milwaukee grew 10% between 2002-2009? Your gifts make it all possible! Thanks for giving to UPAF
I like that all the people suspicious of Barack Obama's weird name are having to choose between Mitt and Newt. TP via
UGH!! do I need to shoot Myself for you to notice me?! <|333
Carpe per diem - seize the check. Robin Williams
111777- you so pretty girl :)
WOWWW!!!happy early birthday!!:-))
#NP French Montana - Shot Caller remix 🎶
If there is one thing that gets in the way of what my heart wants, its my head.
#April showers bring may flowers and what do Mayflowers bring? Pilgrims!
Everyone looks at my like I'm crazy in this salon.. My just tryna to get my feet scraped lmao
good luck tonight at your event. I'm sure all your hardwork will pay off! Xo
I miss my dad 😥
no no it wasn't my socks lol it was an OH (over heard) ;)
Don't worry, its nothing that the harsh realities of life after high school can't drain from your soul.
Oh my god, I had a vague idea of wanting something *like* that this week. Let me know how it goes.
what's that?
Wikipedia says September 2012.
Just pickin' on ya :) You make it up to see Jim; then hit me up for a visit on the way back home cc:
“: here ;)” Awww you knew I was talking about you ;)
you’re welcome Jay!
If youre that person that wants to hang and you live far. Its not gunna happen!
Stauffer points out that nineteenth century physical collections in particular peril bc out of copyright and not yet rare enough.
no doubt ;)
I think the St. Louis Cardinals are the Play ! The Easy money Sunday !
yee. just deactivated my facebook and it feels pretty good :)
Oh. My. God. Phillip Phillips...period.
haha I agree! I gotta have music. - wes
#showtime has #californication, #shameless, #homeland, #houseoflies. Whats #hbo have? Im gonna cancel them.
RT - Cleveland Indians DH Travis Hafner is doubtful Wednesday against Arizona
We are just one pendant light away from having our top floor finished! Still no heat, functioning sink or kitchen, but it's progress...
Will ask #BFC2012 organizers about live-streaming for
Okay random guy in the bathroom, stop talking to me about Mark Zuckerberg while I'm peeing at the urinal. Please. Now.
Get Free (feat. Amber Coffman) - by Major Lazer
“Success means having the Courage, the Determination, and The Will to become the Person you Believe you were Meant to be.”
Show me how to love .
YEAH RIGHT you wish.
is journeying to Boro Park, Brooklyn, the motherland, to dig even deeper.
It's times like this where i really wish i had my boyfriend lying next to me.
facebook buys drop.io. huh? reminds me of ebay buying skype.
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :))
Just had a celebrity sighting at lunch. Dude walked by and said to - "excuse me, are you on ?"
How people now have stories that could be titled "How I Lost my Sombrero"?
sold effort
has tweets that i could retweet for hours, i feel like it would get obnoxious
Fate is just a game we play..
Can you look at the email I just sent?
yes even more bomb with this heat lol
What's RvD doing this Saturday? Swing by 3036 N. Lincoln Ave. No. 2 at 7pm and find out.
Important yes, but we make no $ on the site nor does it support something we do make $ on, yet. Need to balance.
My mother never listens to me.
It's official. I am no longer a resident of Indianapolis. I'm a #Michigander now!
But "stop teaching to the test" hits a home run.
Hunkered down writing another play test plan; this is starting to get old.
We Scythians loathe rainbows.
Well...I'm beat. Great night! Hittin' the hay finally! Gotta be up for work in 5 hours.... -_- got my coffee and energy drinks on hand!
OH MY BURNHAM MUSICMAMAB UR LUCKY HES FOLLOWING YOU! HE IS NOT ME!MAYBE I WILL GET THE SAME LUCK SOON!
#DCtech parting (reluctantly) with tonight at for her career at ! and #DCevents won't be the same.
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms early this evening. Lows in the mid 60s....
DC Mayor Vincent Gray arrested in protest against new budget plan
YRS AGO BIG HAIL STORM; jOHNSON cO SHERIFF CALLED ME 6 X's TIMES A DAY/MORE "WHERE R U WHERE R U WE NEED U now" LIKE THEY WERE SPECIAL
Ended up in the front row with at the dave douglas show!
so u are going to fold up All those Preds jerseys and put them away for another year?
I'm working on the titles and credits for Life Tracker. So many people with so much work...
All those freaky girls all around the world
F.M.G. & N.A.B ABOUT TO TAKE OVER
A lot of pretty ladies work here. RT : Man. Roses are pouring into today like WHOA
thanks for the follow on Twitter! Hope all is going well:)
That's amazing! and perfect timing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY UNCLE
Jay Z & Kanye concert was so sick! Best hip-hop concert I've ever been to.
Lmfao, by the way my friend wants your chocolate ass.
Big ol' laundry night with a lonely hearts frozen entree heating up!
answering questions from the audience in his "What is Citizenship For" talk w
I am the Boss...King of Diamonds that's me! Lol
Oh no, now I'll be singing that in my head all night haha. Yay for the TD!
Nice af [: makes me want to go swimming! #summertime <3
we noticed that you aren't a subscriber to speakaboos. please follow us so we DM a special coupon for SpeakaboosPlus access!
where you gon be at 2day?
18th time in my life, not the 18th time today! :-)
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
Join us for Jabberwocky: How Food Defines Us, Tuesday, July 12th. For more information, www.storytellingarts.org
I'm Just inviting everyone to my house tomorrow
Audio Revilval is now finishing the Romp. They are 4/5 members of last years winner, L-SKI
haha no jake it was in a parenting magazine
As promised, Feds cut funding to Texas wom's health program for failing to allow women to use Planned Parenthood.
I, am a butt face
So glad that joined Twitter! I swear, you can't be a future journalist if you don't use it!
You more of a bitch than a bitch
This tornado stuff is really scary...and I live in a place were there shouldn't be tornados..ugh.
nope I refuse to make myself feel down!
Ha! I've made that mistake before :)
recovering from a great ESPA Detention with ! Thanks Tessa & Barbara Harrison!
With Texas Tommy Butler at Dirty Franks.
i do like it but ughh and im actually not haha
One too many Ciroc cocktails for Diddy
Ok I am going to do the number game!!! (Friend or Date and rate)
Google ice cream sandwich software will be out at end of year. Yum.
We've had thunder, lately. Makes me wonder why kids are on the field.
Okay, no-one bit! His name is Dan Whitney!! Larry the Cable guy is from Nebraska. So, I'm a manager calling his manager ...
We said "done everything in their power to ensure their success at the ballot box." And you dispute that?
Now watching the #GossipGirl finale let's see.....
On the face of it, yes. But "Jersey pride" is far more common, and therefore more irritating, than Baltimore pride.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you still aren't ... sorry...
Heyy cutie ;) what you doing
#WSOPLIVE Where are the microphones?? I want to hear a Phil blow-up!
Now, John Hughes, too? It's been a crazy couple of months.
Lee, Paul, or DeMint RT : Who is the Senator who is doing the most for the United States currently? Nominations open
I'm in a weird mood right now.
Tune into The Signal Friday 7p and Sat. 1p to hear a delightful Stoop story about nudity--intended and unintended--from My Big Idea show!
Paul George I love you
Braves and Hawks both win. Solid night.
Happy Thursday!! Make it a great day...not feeling well today, I know today will be amazing anyway!! Be
Tonight is going to be fantastic.
Tv is weird
Q4. Oddest thing you've ever seen at an airport/train station/bus stop
There's a NoVA Corgi meetup I want to take Kirby to this Sunday, BUT it's in Leesburg. Damn that's far
dude no kidding. Way too many. Lots of Ducks and Beaver fans in the SE too. I would have thought more UW and WSU fans
Fallin asleep to where ill drift off to my future..
If you treat someone like a celebrity dont be surprised if they treat you like a fan.
absolutely ladies! :)
hate it!!! I should go to mami crib!!
Anybody want to know what real grass looks like? I'll take a picture of my dads front lawn tomorrow
There is a lot more juice in grapefruit than meets the eye.
give Matt his old number
Thanks Diana! Bob is a sharp individual himself!
Coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee coffee, coffee, coffee,
" HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE BE SAFE TONIGHT! "
#CIL11 speaker noted research libs can get DRM-free ebooks for their campuses - examples anyone? Can't be common for works in copyright
Ms play with no pelotas y huevos
book worms break the law too
nuthn but gin in my trippy cup
Check out Afrika Bambaataa, Kenny Dope, Todd Terry,, , Slick Rick & more @ Le Poisson Rouge NYC! 10pm
bad girls do it well
Great article
I'd like to be everything you want...
For the love of god will everyone just vote for Rodgers being on the madden cover... i don't want my boo getting hurt
The awkward moment when you type for a long time and look up... And see that you weren't typing at all...
We're kindred spirits ... : This made me laugh too!
#SignsAPersonCantCook six days a week they go to a restaurant and order fast food!
you have yet to text me
Finished 's Wonderstruck. Loved it.
4got I don't have ur number in this new phone loll..
Christian Bale <3
Collaboration vital to produce of multimedia exhibits. Making sure everyone knows what everyone has to do -Bluecadet Interactive
Deck the halls with boughs of holly...
Wrapping up a great couple days at the NITLE Summit. Learned a lot, and feeling a bit star struck by all the famous DH'ers.
Can we just chill, listen to music, and just talk? Or is that too much to ask for
Hahahaha no problem;D RT : My wallpaper on my phone >>>> 😊❤ thanks !! 😉
There is that sports store in Fashion Valley, way down on the end, across from Old Navy I think.
back at ya! hope to run into you around town...
FRI&SAT: Annual French Market - strolling mimes, French cuisine, up to 75% off over 35 shop & cafe 10AM-5PM...
McAllen High on the board, 29 yd TD pass from Justin Salinas to Ben Griffith. Extra point no good, Alexander 27-6, 3:34 left in the half.
The LMS's mother when it brought home pasta glue to construction paper. Well! That is a lovely.... ahh kitty?
#shortversion Romney: If you have to ask if you have enough money to retire, you can't afford it. Cue weird laugh.
It's your world -use it to your advantage.RT : If you had to give a speech to 200 HS students about SM - what would you say?
Legit Online Jobs
I wishh i had a mac so i could work on design stuff at home #willieverfinishthiscoffeelabel?!
Excellent, thank you!
Outdoor education on the Long Trail
What a beautiful day to wrap up a year-long+ project! May the dev gods smile on the ascedians today
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.. What have u done for others?
what's up Fam. How's life? I see you over there working! And have you seen my new video yet?
haha, your brother??
they're already louder...
Wait what's going on?
I love you. Hella funny!
Thanks to Red White and Blues, Confusion, Sextones and Jus J for rocking the Beer Co stage last night and packing the house!! <3 <3
#ThingsBlackFolksArgueAbout goin half on something but not doin the right math
Thanks for hosting me for #DellCAP, it was a great experience! Many thanks to
“: #ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend who doesn't have a girlfriend”
I used to be able to stay up late. Now all I want to do is sleep.
The experience of God, or in any case the possibility of experiencing God, is innate
I love the way you lie<\3
prom night which shows that nothing they do is ever enough. Just be careful and have a good prom! :)
Settling down in Lakewood, WA tonight at another fantastic couchsurfing.org host's house. Tomorrow - walking to Dupont, WA. Prob. slp in wds
We hope everyone's enjoying a relaxing weekend .... have a happy holiday tomorrow and don't forget, we're open for #EasterBrunch! Call soon!
yes please! #boyband #beyonce “ heard you were looking 4 a new boyband.Check out an unsigned multicultural group from CA"
I wonder if the hallways are dead ?
TGIF!! Going to be a good weekend! Going out with for his pre wedding celebration!
you and your sister bonded today so cool :)
the proper spelling depends on your scatological worldview.
Asked the nice server if he knew if AZ was in our time zone. He said he thought it was 1/2 hr ahead.
Cami is really pretty. Was never interested in fashion dolls till I got my first Cami.
With the opening of The Smith Center, dinner is getting really busy. Make sure you make a reservation before coming in. 702.270.4400.
Chat directly with Kwalee game developers | Action Figures
nap time = writing time :)
I love rihanna's new songs.
OMG! New recipe for the Pina Colada cake truffles.... AMAZING! Def my new Fav!
Sometimes it's hard to tell who's higher, Wil Wheaton or his cat.
Bonjour! We will get to Texarkana as soon as we can! What's your favorite item to enjoy?
Holy moly....what a week! Feeling so thankful and blessed on this beautiful Sunday. Wishing you all a fabulous week!
I should know by now that 45th is a really poor way to try to traverse this city.
Wow......so angry at my biology teacher
Anyone a good decision maker?
#CabinintheWoods is my favorite movie of 2012.
I Think Its a^x=y But Idk .-. GOOGLE IT!
Why didn't you drink out of Lenos mug tonight?!
Green jacket party last night. Great event!
"Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure."
I've heard conflicting accounts. Do you know if a city law restricts sleeping in public space, sans structure, bag or furniture
I hope my 2nd block teacher ain't here:)
U gotta stop snorting that stuff in such quantities! Nice Pic, we'll send U similar pic from Portland OR, on our balcony w rain!
Oh. I'm scared! B***h please
Your hotness might blind him. Remember although brainy and g33k girl you are a grade A piece of ass boo.
not in NM. That pic is not from NM. But our mountains get snow. When I lived in MA we often had a white christmas.
time for a free throw shooting contest to decide it.
Almost gym time!:-D
I am in Delaware county. I have availability on Sat and Sun afternoons. Does this work for you?
thanks for the retweets, would love to hear your thoughts if you end up seeing it
5 kids in all. Too much candy left.
Amazing MEMORY FOAM PRODUCTS!
Do u have a "coexist" t-shirt or bumper sticker? Okay, I don't ever want to be your friend.
RT - I don't want to say Chicago's north suburbs have taken over BC, but I think Ferris Bueller & Cameron just walked by.
I am a fantastic college paper writer. Degree in English and Business. “: I wish I could pay someone to write my papers for me!!!!!
This dentist better hope I don't hear my baby crying up here cuz you know daddy busting up in that bitch to save my sunshine
Jealous. I hope it was goober pie? RT Middle-of-the-night dessert?
Welcome home…for now! See you soon :)
Lol, well it looks nothing like a tree thou. It's more like unicorn vomit and rainbow pee...
it's graduation. you need a new dress
once again temple run is keeping me up
On 9/11-LeRoy Wilton Homer, Jr. was the First Officer of United Airlines Flight 93 – InSpotter app
just looked at her, I agree totally but still don't know who she is
most of their stuff is kick-ass, really.
Anyone else find it funny the court Marquette is playing on is called the 'KFC YUM! CENTER'?
Love Love Love Love Love My Saints!!!!
just did!
drowning cuz its
follow me? :) #Believe 4
11:11 is on repeat all day everyday!:)
A cloud
thanks very much
I think I may say something when I go pick him up.
RT : Got dam that was a nailbiter!!! #invicta I was screaming for a single leg takedown. This is so much fun!
what i dont understand is how shes not dead..or at least sick looking
Poetry prompt posted? Check. Website published? Check. Other things I should be doing instead of being at Twitter? Thinking about it.
No - That's a new one! Woody from "Toy Story," the guy from "Blues Clues." That's about as cool as I get though.
Charging your phone for 5 minutes before you leave because you think it's going to make a difference.
Anyone would be lucky to have you.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street 4/16 at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Hell and Back Again!
the bus has the best convos
Wow, let me go reread..... I didn't see anything THAT controversial (btw, the increase is pretty kick ass)
Hi there neighbor! I'm in Lisle too & just saw your piece in the Patch! Send me your contact info ... I'm a cake pop-aholic!
Thanks gorgeous!!! xoxo
Daughters by John Mayer
no but I want to! I can't tho...my parents won't let me and my sister is a scaredy cat haha
Red & green chili christmas miracle. Blue Corn Cafe in Santa Fe.
Forget predicting the brackets...how about predicting how many years before Kentucky has to vacate this yr's tourney games....5?
We do, but it involves me treating you horribly.
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together.
Aww we miss too. We had to go on hiatus but you never know. Maybe it will come back someday.
He is right, for people like him that never gives charity makes no difference.
I pray its somewhere here at my house.
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.—Alfred North Whitehead
so prepared for the up coming mix tape ! do yo thang ! got my love & support ! :D I LOVE YOU imao
Well goodnight Chachi but uhm when can we order sweats online..?
Hey A. John!! Hope you & the fam are all well - what are you up to?
Today is National Siblings Day! Honors to my four younger brothers: David, Rodney, Andy and John.
dude you just gotta be good at it..
...as in I wish you wouldn't live.
So if my height is slightly below average, do I qualify for a Napoleon complex? Or am I still just an asshole?
and you're bunting the baseball why?
I agree, so hot! Be careful saying it around rihanna fans tho or you risk getting jumped
Mike, why Int'l Studies and what do you like about it?
boy please...... You would not! You know its true
I like how they play Nuthin but a G thang when Alonzo Gee scores for the Cavs. Let's go Bucks!
Heyy u r my best friend. And I love to go to dance with u👯 call me when u get this📲
What it do this morning son! As we say on the East Cst!!! :-)
": Chris cant sing fa shit lol"
I'll see if I can make it next year
not a good exercise if your married. Lol
We would love to feed some firefighters today. Anyone have an idea as to the best way to go about that?
And then I wonder Why I dislike the South so much. These confederate states continue their bigotry.
Show tonight!, Mi Tyme is performing tonight alongside Chicago Legends "3Piece" & more artists Live! Sponsored by H3 Entertainment !
Civ V get!
RT Hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -L. Hughes
lol u good....what all u doin today...
Sorry I missed your Tweet. Using a search firms could be a good start. Also, be honest in cover letters and interviews
Sometimes you just gotta love life the way it is, no matter what.
Today I am #thankfulfor Wii and Video on Demand. #sickkid again.
atl!!! come party vip with me this sat for my bday!! send me ur name to get on my vip bday party bash list!!
linked and has two spots on there!
Daily GTKY question: What weird thing have you always you wanted to do or buy?
I do not fear you, leftover sushi.
booger where u been
The organic sparkling cider is suprisingly tasteless.
one Man`s trash is another Man`s treasure #=]
I WANT A POMSKY!
Congratulations Carol!!! Keep it up.
Listening to destinys child. Cater 2 you! Favorite song💗
This I NEED ALL MINE video might get shot sooner than later.lol
We found a bunny!!
Congrats April! =)
Great "talk".
I hate my sister.
man i miss being on twitter havent been on in a while well im bac i hope every one had a good thanksgiving
what a perfect day to shoot. The weather was on your side that day.
to nice for school ☀
Umm think it's time to write some poetry. Gay.
it is an elective credit.
No seriously turn that shit off, catch it on dvd or whereever, you want to hit them where it hurts DO IT.
It is our pleasure!
yeah :P
I MUST participate in a flash mob. I'm adding this to my bucket list
I definitely didn't buy Jelly Bellys when I was there.
Happy birthday! <3
With my screenwriting projects, I've had little time for blogging so I'm opening my blog to guest bloggers.
Welp, your semester has been made.
haha I'm intrigued. Which one are you talking about. :)
These 9 weeks better FLY by...
": but now i upgraded to family guy , and phineaus &ferb"i promise i stay on them shows lol shame
The only thing I don't like about having friends is the drama that each of them comes with. Its like a 2 for 1 deal :/
let me get dat up out cha...
Some people need to learn and instill the concept of #QuitCryin. The world would be a much better place.
I think we _were_ :)
I support anyone who support's bad Republican candidates.
People Who Act Like The World Revolves Around Them ; Snap Back To Reality Because It Doesn't .
$$mayweather looking damn good!!
#SMBmad FYI for the next event, this is the correct hashtag
thank you so much for joining us! :-)
that's what my mom thinks...I'm still undecided..my favorite left
Milwaukee Alarm would love to save you money on your security system(s) for the new restaurant CLUTCH. Call (414) 271-8800
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
listening to mark thompson on xm radio. tight!
Boyz-N-the Hood
U be trippen.
q: What do the BCS, ESPN and the SEC have in common? a: everything
They say real girls ain't ever perfect, & perfect girls aint ever real.
#BGC9 is going to be boring!
Wait.....what?! Alabama's BCS trophy shattered??.....
My Secret: Whenever I'm home alone I like to listen to Scott1 thru 4 and Night Flights... I enjoy the beauty buried beneath melancholia...
would you mind if I re-posted your live tweeting on the swopla blog this afternoon for people who missed it / don't twitter?
She's adorable
Never let go of delena is My 1 true love to day <3 i love delena 4-ever
Teo Chee Huen~ I am who I am You are who you are So be who you are not what you are.
you know that's the truth... LA won't win another title!
We interrupt your normal family life for..BASEBALL SEASON....Go White Sox
Shit Happens. What Can We Do? Lol
Marketing has changed from media driven to niche driven. Deciding who your niche is and how best to market them provides the best returns.
So I assume the fielders died in the process?
DM me your address!
Going to have a great valentines day 💅👣💘
Hey girl. Drink some more water.
Oh man am I pooped..
:-D where??? I can't even wait for this!!!
Alas, nobody ever convinced them to switch to CD-RWs, continuing their original purpose of providing free backup media
Did you bust out laughing?! I love that kid.
Getting complimented on my airbands dance moves in class.
hell yes!
Hahaha good to know I yell politely :) Would love one, although I'm still determined to take my own someday...
State Capitol Trip tomorrow, y'all. This is gonna be good.
My mom wantsto know where we should a gohst pics, we are going to tour the Missouri State Pennitentiary very soon.
filling up the bow with rosin and bending the heck out of a saw
LOL! You're totally right... once I break my mindset of being accountable to those darn things! Screw it, let's go play!
#bachelorlife Good call on the coffee. I'm gonna grab some tea from the new Keurig
products are on display on the set of Stay tuned!
is not slick.
I think my Texans will have to have either a 3rd or 4th pick in the 2014 to get Sammy Wadkins.eh?
I agree!
"Our image is all about freedom. Getting high. Having a good time. It's like a big party." -Rick James, San Bernardino Sun (July, 1981)
#MarchMadenss resumes today! Who are your picks? We're stirring up the pot & saying #Louisville, #OhioState, #Florida & #Syracuse ;-)
today is going to be a great day its so nice outside =D
Let's go #Blues!!!!! #NHL I think this may be our year!
nonsense. I appreciate the '50s-style 3D glasses too.
Dont forget Brewtopia on July 28th. Celebrating American (Lagers) and Belgian (Ales) Independence days!Taking reservations now...594-9800
": I. want. to. do. something. exciting. this. WEEKEND." I. do. too!
has really weird dreams when Im sick
Just popped a lemon head in my mouth. I'm having a childhood flashback. I just need a pack of now and laters.
That's what makes you beautiful! :)
Thank u jesus for music!!! What I'd do with out it I don't know! #music islife!
Seriously? You are going to streak all of Bloomsday? Send me your start group...I have to shoot Mens Elite for magazine, but have time....
Meek mill moment 4 life freestyle
you think these old dogs will give the young pups a run? just splashed that last second leaner
At the movies, kinda tired. Can't wait to get home and get back on the computer. :)
I hope I get to see you today!
very cool!!
- I'm just returning as a fan. It's because of the Rays, so have a great year.
Same here
Finally up up and moving. Shower! Then I need to wash my Car today before I do anything else
S/o to the Director's who use those instagram color filters on there video's.
excellent, because I'm a very serious person. Seriously. :)
So sick of shit.
- Think the boys upstairs will try an acquire an everyday SS before the break?
All you Laker fans, your team BARELY beat the Nuggets. And y'all will still lose to OKC.
What would you do if a random follower came up to you and kissed you?
Another boring training...
#Poker #Quote of the day: Forget about a chip and a chair; give me a hand and I’ll stand. -- Warren Karp
#backproblems & need to get bk 2 work quickly? minimally invasive #spine sx will significantly decrease recovery time vs trad. open back sx
I am working on a new project and want to talk to people in LA who changed their life in a big way @ 47 yrs or older. Just me.
Escape to WSWB on your lunch break! Have a glass of Tropical White Sangria and picture yourself on a white sandy beach.
Interesting--Roediger, also at Wash U, has found students later thinking plausible foils were right. Wonder how this fits.
thanks so much man, means a lot!
“: That Nickleback concert was fantastic!”
I don't mean to stir up trouble, but I don't like him. I'm talking to someone else ...
Finally going home. Hope my boo sleeps over <3
He dictated New Orleans trade him, then announced wouldn't sign an extension. Only teams he wanted to go to would trade 4 him
Woo Hoo!!! #iaintlyin I love Mondays that start off like this one!!!
Yay there is an NFL season!
From a Luhmannian perspective the success of OOP arises not from agreement but because it generates dispute allowing communicative...
"Do you think we'll get there by midnight?" "Baby, we're gonna be up five hundy by midnight!"
Finishing the tour tomorrow. Back to NY!
Life plan involves eating really really chocolately things, like, all the time.
We do it to ourselves, we do (& that's what really hurts)
LETS GO PENS! Stop fucking around!!
RT Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes in the house today too. Remains all-time best Dolph. Sorry, Lundgren.
Mahasarakham University student Cambodian, thailand.mp4.
Wahoo! Where did you happen to catch our ridiculousness?
yea man. Trying to keep workin on my crafts! When eye have people to do it for me eyell know when they f# up lol
. Oh that sentence. The pinnacle. It makes me remember what a writer can do.
House Minority Leader Thissen says there are 34 DFL votes committed to vote for Vikings stadium. Asks Speaker Zellers to deliver match
Damn you new Tweet Deck for changing all the good things I liked about old Tweet Deck. And really, why show Profile names instead of @ names
may I ask, what's your name? Plus if you want coffee I'll have my peeps deliver it to your peeps for you! Lol
Sometimes we are so afraid of love that we marry fear. When love comes we can't divorce fear so we're stuck...don't miss out on love...
#143 you are pretty. i love your twitter a lot.
wow! i wish you all could hear this...
Tackling #trivia again tonight. This time it's a music theme. Any pointers?
looking forward to it.. :P
Wtf is so fun about hurting other innocent breathing creatures for your amusement why can't I cut you fucking fingers off damn assholes!
I cannot live without books.
Yes, Nguyensanity, and is that a bad thing?
The last thing I am worried about today is my mothers bitching :-)
Details not released, but Republican supercommittee tax proposal floated yesterday said to limit or eliminate charitable deduction.
Nitro wins 22-5 :) I on.the other hand didn't do too hot
Nice! MT : We make welcome packs. Office supplies, calendar of community events, recommended doctors, etc #sachat Q1
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Every Terran in silver just masses marines and they'll always be in silver because of it.
Better late than never but never late is better.
RT : We'll be giving away a pair of tickets to the final concert of the Brevard Symphony Orchestra's 2011/12 season......
Happy Birthday 'old man!!!! J/k.
Tonight is Jim Ripp at 5pm taking all your requests, ANTHONY & Leslie Cao at 9pm...who wants a Wicked Tini?!
Dianne Smith, commentator, is an abstract painter, sculptor and installation artist.
gazebo pants back on after mini-break for church. kickboxing gazebo pants!
that's a fast time, expect another PR here in San Diego. Looking forward to your visit.
I've said this about once a day since 1996ish but...I hate MTV. Lol. They should change the name to shitty tv.
Hello 10! SHOW. Checkout and We are now in Philadelphia!
This Friday at 5 meet outside Valhalla for the annual Sausagefest for free sausages and beer!
Oh Really My Nigga, Really? Tahahahaha
In the best place in the whole wide world #mybed sleeping todays troubles away to awake with new ones lol! #gn :-)
those are some great touchstone reminders. I need a presentation gnome who pops up and offers me points like these during prep.
I'm glad u stand up for whts right & bullying isn't somethin tht is. No one deserves to be bullied in ANY way. Ik the feeling
Happy Birthday !
So far we only have machines at Voodoo Donuts 2, Slabtown, Gypsy, and crush. We are always looking for new locations.
Damn ur gorgeous.
Thanks to for hosting the event. Plus side is I get to grub on some !
#HowToGetRejected Just say "Mike Hawk is small" lol ...
naw that was
It's easy to speak in generalisms, isn't it? RT : Haha. Good one. RT : BREAKING: Economy still sucks...
Listening to coworkers talk about documentaries is depressing.
So, we meet again, Mr. Hess- but this time the advantage is mine! ^_-
Did you know that Enron still exists and has mail servers? Ask me how I know.
I'd think depends on the crowd, going to Newport don't wear white before Memorial Day, going to Seattle they won't care
lmao short ass ustream but i love them (:
Thanks for the barrel aged Victory at Sea and the Fathom, damn fine!!!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. - Ronald E. Osborn
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
#DTSP, #Tampa...What #Business In #StPete/#Tampa Do You Feel Has The Best #Marketing And/Or #Advertising Campaign?
How do you get rid of a stalker?
It's a beautiful day come play away! Las Vegas is heating up for the summer- check our special offers and enter to win a free trip!
My ExactTarget blog from 2010 ranked 7th for the year!
The Donald Judd exhibit in the White Box will open to the public Tuesday. Or get a sneak peek by attending the JuddConference.com on Sunday.
whose ur celebrity crush???;)
Happy National chocolate day! Let us help you celebrate with something simply sweet!
5 months ago I never thought I'd be here.
Aww! In the car with photojournalist while the Current radio station plays 3 love song set to his fiancé.
RT : For Italian in DC, don't forget to check out 's
Yeah I'm probably not normal. I stayed at my sister's for 2 weeks after I had surgery like 1.5 yrs ago and started watching.
Yeah exactly. It's not a game-changer issue I don't believe. Just seemed a strange time to come out with it ya know?
I'm not sure if I should be amazed or horrified that my phone knows to capitalize Gymboree.
RT : Ppl wearin shorts out here
My vote for the MBP. But then, I work from home a lot (and that's usually when I need the most computing power).
That's awesome. Nice work, man.
When I don't typically get mad and then I get mad 3x in the same day, I think it's time for vacation!
Wow! I can't believe you got to taste all that amazing-looking food and drink. What was your fave?
A lot of lovemaking can unblock a stuffy nose
I'm cool with God. A lot of his people scare the heck out of me.
thanks for joining us. Happy anniversary. Team roots
Since there's two of us... it's for sure #biwinning haha
i can do whatever i want. i made BBH
Sol simulation NNNNNOOO!!!!!¡¡¡
Because seriously $1000 to not be part of Lolla action? Also, will i be seeing you in august!?
If you could pimp one idea from today, what would it be?
CHRIS BROWN FOLLOW NICK MARA follow its his birthday soon so do it <3333333333333333333
please follow me c: i wuv you ♥
I really so no point in studying at this point...
I could not agree more. Boring bus rides for sure!
watching ustream for launch getting excited!!!!!
Little League 101....wash your hands before you go to the bathroom, especially if you just applied icy hot somewhere!!!!!
They got to start somewhere. Let's go next time Jose fights! Have a gr8 weekend! :-)
#Three Words: Follow Me Back
Fantasy Championship, and down by 25. Other Team is done, and I have Rodgers and Finley playing tonight. Hoping for a Christmas Miracle
the dock station was 40 % off at and the other monitor was on sale on ;)
GO GIRL!! You've got this! SO close!! :)
At rehearsal for our holiday show at hope lodge's tree trimming party. I'm singing "Santa baby" ...of course!
Good Night 😄
Thanks so much for sharing that. BTW, we gave her a HIWI book when she was here.
It's our Grand Opening Special ! Go to www.cookingskillsacademy.com enter code: patsy2011 for 50% off any class #chicago, #foodies,
#jhudczoo Are there ever problems with visitors trying to steal the reptiles? (Not that I'd ever want one!)
Happy #FF to animal-loving friends!
Completely guttered :,(
Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but those who have already taken possession of their future
RIM Outlines BlackBerry's Future, Previews BlackBerry 10 - The Mac Observer
I try to treat whoever I meet as an old friend with dignity, with honor. ~ Dalai Lama
The people I volunteer with want to set me up with James Franco because he is so educated and has a good hussle. I love librarians.
every time i touch that track it turns into gold
I like Gray as much as anyone, but he's just not ready to play QB without confidence and making the right read
your so lucky, and yeah it may even be better. She always changes it up too. :)
exactly. :) too bad they never pay attention to us, for real. I would so change that if I could. :)
I felt the pain trying to settle in my shoulders but I decided to #danceitoff I'll dance in a neck brace if I have to!
Hi!! :o) an' good morning!
The music is making me drunk...so intoxicating!
Working on the weekend #Soccer card,have released one #Soccer play for #Friday and a #multibet / #parlay that I love get on the list
Wassup Tha Lady-O-Great? Wats good, heard u was n Chicago n didn't fuck wit ya boi Psychotic K! All good son! LOL we say Joe
TLL Classic: This Cocker Spaniel Totally Looks Like Peg from “Lady ...
OMG everyone turn on LOST!!!!!!
Today--fav writing spot: in a canyon while Hubs fished the river ... by the water, I worked on novel plotting w/Nora Roberts ...
Cliffhanger - Merkel & Sarkozy meet Sunday to iron out whether EFSF funds (mostly German) can bail out French banks. Will he try seduction?
I have that one all the time. I won't graduate b/c I skipped gym for 6 mos. Also: can't remember locker combination.
the of course!
lol, oh you meant a bottle. xD I usually refer to any liquor as 'a bottle'. -feels ghetto-
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
Did #P90X #AbRipperX and the biceps and back workout. Week 10.
and that's something I can dig. That was my mindset during my MBA program
": Awww Martins! We miss you every day mister!" It's mutual!
Didn't get any buzz shopping today-husband happy tho!
How can I dress like a homeless person? I have a bunch of accessories, just have no really old clothes, hm 😝
Word RT : After this week the only frosty thing I want to see in front of me is a very large beer.
Please follow me(: 1
I wish I could give everyone a pair of my headphones to listen to my new album on.
Dinner & the red carpet with
YEEEEE!!!! No more braces AND a manager!!! I am so proud of you Austin!!!<3333333
no beads. Promise.
I believe the people who laugh the most,are really the ones who are the most broken:|
Hello there (;
no you're not..
of course! And I'm sure! You said it well I had to share... Thank you! :)
my house is frezzinn.
ya I know righ!
Just got called in for an audition with a CD I did a workshop with last weekend. YES!
I have before :-)
Dear lady tweeps- venturing down a new road as a pure romance consultant. If ur interested in hosting a fun event & free stuff, call me!
Defense (clap clap), Defense (clap clap), Defense....
Thank you for the kind words!
Ronda its not real, its spam.
RT : Check out to see what is crushing on! , ,
Lmao I got juju to call josh grandpa
Happy Saturday! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
My timeline is mostly silent when in between classes lmao
Today's nickname is "No amount of coffee Monday."
I hate a pussy ass nigga!
just made brownies!!!
Omg I'm watching the movie for the 1,000 time and I'm gonna cry cause he's so little and cute I wanna meet him omg 💗💗💙💚💜❤
Fu*k Your Slab!!! I Can't Stand Them 10 Cent Cars You Tryna Turn Into A Quarter...
Thank you :) i love them RT the snake pics are wild yo!
: students vying for the Miss Texas crown and making awesome business cards! Tcu has it all!
me and my cousin really wanted to go to the thing on UR BIRTHDAY ! but we cant so were gonna c u wen u come to chicago!(:
So, no playing with skulls last night. I'll get time eventually. All the ideas running in my head are driving me #crazy. Er... crazier ;-)
u always wanna be in the house..u didn't hmu
I was accepted to a conference and I immediately checked for a hashtag/twitter account. You've converted me to all things Twitter!
who do you like in ATL/NYG game???
Hey ! Just to let you know, the REALLY appreciates your recent usage of the
cant.. stay.. awake.
check us out on reverbnation
Put Chris Paul it's his Quarter
great finish yesterday for Dale Jr! 2nd in finish, 2nd in points. He's gonna give Hendricks that 200th win, I just know it!
where have you been?
13 consecutive NCAA tourney trips is quite exciting, thanks!
Oh wow. Did you get a new bus? THAT is not the big blue bus Carpinteria.
What if I kissed you right now...
its awesome
recovering from building the kiddos a playset this weekend lol! How life in CA treating ya?
“: Started giving Pledge Drive numbers in my sleep!! #HoustonWeHaveAProblem” || Hang in there, Ashton!!! Y'all are doing great!!
okay good <3
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
I can't believe it! I just won a gallery wrap collection from my printer, MpixPro!!! I can't wait to show it off:) Thanks MpixPro!
Wow! Thank you so much! :) Peace and blessings to YOU.
This Pain thooo <<<<
Thanks for the critique :)
Sexy dunk
They just played a Preakness commercial with Wiz Kalifa's "Black and Yellow". Ravens fans will burn that stage down if he plays that
Sold my computer this week. :) thank goodness I still have my iPod touch.
On my way! To sixflags lol
Whoa I didn't notice that at first but yeah...
thanks for voting! love you guys. i believe i won:]
I really don't believe in anything too earth-shattering . . . I just believe in God.
drink lots of water, massage the muscle like it's your job, and for the love of all that's good, no heels!
hey bro
the shoot is a rap!
Recall it took Feds to kill Jim Crow. “ ..how can there be such opposition to #civilunions? #coleg”
Aww man I'm so jealous! Those cookies the other day were the bomb diggity.
Thx for the pic, ! That pizza looks delicious. Enjoy your $10 free driving. Any more weekend #ziptrip pics out there?
We look forward to seeing you! ": Love Dunkin Donuts. I'll be in Chicago on Friday-May stop by."
I was just gettin my hopes up I guess
so this is where you can now be found. Here and Rhode Island?
will you please follow me ? it would make me soo happy. me&myfriends love your videoss. you are amazing. follow&&retweet?
Thanks for the #FF I hope you've had a great weekend and start to the week!
Feels weird to be wearing sweats to church...
Great time in Orlando this weekend, had a meeting with the team, and great things are coming. Its back to the grind for now,
They are also doing Iron Man 3, Thor 2 and Captain America 2. A Black Widow/Hawkeye movie is rumored as well. Very exciting!
Will do:-)
Tired , got everything situated, relaxing till I knock out
Seriously, reporters ask such asinine "questions".
How many times this season have the #Royals been down 3+ runs before taking an at bat? If more than 4 gms that is ... depressing.
Just wrapped up a productive meeting with the Indiana School Boards Association.
: re. Los Campesinos pedalboard: did you make sure they had enough distortion? I know you have standards :)
who took u where at I wanna see
I really don't know what #Oomf is.. O.o what is that??
Tonight Tonight Hot Chelle Rae PLEASE!!!!!!
Meek Mill new mixtape is FIRE! Shout to
writing a stupid essey for social studies lmaoo hbuu??
shout out to for hosting #smccsc great venue!
Haha! Ok. Good point. :)
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 11
most welcome.
Right? Almost every time I read a Times article, I end up buried in Wikipedia.
Thanks, Smurfette! RT : I'm really excited to see that is on Twitter, not enough people know about these shoes.
Watching dear john.
he will (:
Watching Connecticut vs. Iowa State with Viggle Thu | 7:15PM | TNT Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ok - both of those were tour stock carryovers and in slimfit. 3 mo's?!? email us at help at goodrock dot com
thinking about going to the shop to get a gel manicure. but for $25 I might as well get a full set & just pay $30.
I think Antoni straddles that line of exploration and veneration while still addressing her own experiences.
Great meeting w/ the amazingly personable head nerd for the #livingsocial incubator - Sick, geeky ideas brewing!
Oh wow that is a really really cool idea!!
Playing 2k and "studying" with my boys
"my grandma holds her liquor better than him"
will read at Elmira College on Wednesday and at SUNY Geneseo on Thursday.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
Fun visit to : Queen-Oa gluten free, White Pine IPA, Flight Delay 2xIPA, Cinders bourbon-aged IPA & Resolutions Coffee Stout
Did you know that we're OPEN Sundays?! Call/tweet us or just COME IN! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
Much like the Native Americans, "The Avengers" uses every part of the Ruffalo.
Found box of 5 Nikon N65's at a clearance sale for $20. Went to get cash and they were gone. WHO ELSE WOULD WANT THESE WHY DID YOU ROB ME.
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
You know what the midwest is? Young and restless
Amen to that. Still room on the bandwagon for me?
That moment when you walk into a spider web and suddenly turn into a karate master . (:
Ah yes, back when had hair. Excellent photo.
and in other news, I really need to be on twitter more often...
Home in WA... Small town life for a bit :)
sorry! just seeing this. I was gonna rock heels, but my eldest is being a monster, so not feeling milfy tonight. wear ur heels!!
Why #LakerNation loves Kobe? B/c he brings it-every time #golakers Sat.
HELLO Your music is great :E
How about your use of Elgg? Are you still using or did you abandon that? Wouldn't you consider that a school structure?
Does drinking while I'm with my daughter make me a bad mom? Just saying.... It be nerve recking sometimes
And thanks for giving ME joy doing it! You guys were incredible
Thank you... we may be up your way in about a month :)
This season of #dwts is so amazing, I'm actually voting, for the first time ever!!!!
Have you checked out Lil Art Bodega?? A great shop with art, and great gifts, and the owner will make your day! www.lilartbodega.com
ima send that tonight
Dave Lester giving a workshop on Omeka.
I saw the return of the nightoshpere but I couldn't see the end :C
RT "That font is ugly and it should be helvetica!" -
Amazon you are really amazing with your one click purchase feature directly to my iPad Kindle App!
I love how, even in our fast-paced technocracy, the correct answer to a library problem is still sometimes "masking tape and a Sharpie."
Sunny and 70 degrees in DC today! Spring is here!
Well the do have the easiest strength of schedule in the NFL so the better not complain.
Finally another race on saturday. Can't wait to get back in the seat!
naw not right now I'm not. How u and yo bf
Pulling out a pack of gum and everyone instantly becomes your best friend. Just happened and have away 7 pieces!!!!!! #gumless :'(
Cant. Get. Up. -_- chorus, and hittin the gym today! Gotta prepare for my audition coming up tomorrow and prom tomorrow! Ugh Wake Up!
No. I LOVE Cookie Monster.
Happy hour Monday - thursday $1 off all taps and $2 rails. 4pm-7pm.
"David Wood won a Pulitzer". FTFY.
Great chat this morning. You are up to some terrific things!!!
Hahahaha true! RT : haha. The axe...definitely the axe. At least the song will be over in 3 mins!
in touch with our music director Sam Gravelle
RT : Steve Jobs Resigns As CEO Of Apple- The Letter from Steve Himself: tcrn.ch/otZwmv
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
And babies don't sleep well either... Kills me when someone says that! Were you up every 2 hours, you mean?
#10FacebookTips delete it and get a twitter X 10
U good! That's a chick Magnet!!! Lol RT : idk if that's a good "lookout" or not lol
HAHA awesome thanks. PS Rickie Weeks is horrible right now. I have never seen anyone look so bad for so long
Laptop about to die and I still have 30 minutes left of class.
That's not good. Lol. Why she mad?
So jealous! Have fun. RT : 70 degrees and perfect in Napa!
U know because cows burp methane someone sed we.should eat kangaroos because they eat grass and burp harmless gasses they ar like cows but..
I love a dude that can drive !
RT : Vote for yr favourite service desk software supplier to win IT Service Supplier of the Year 2012...
Tried the blueberry bitz for the first time today. Very tasty. What other flavors ya got aside from blue and straw?
No because you won't be a senior. It'll be too late to experience it.
Back to my natural hair color! It's like a golden brown color!
Going into the final quarter, Rochester leads 12-6.
Love costume week at the studio!
MSNBC reports that the main prison collapsed. Prisoners on the run.
FYI, I paired my Zagg Logitech iPad 2 keyboard with the iPad 3 and it works fine.
The kids play room where I get my oil changed has a ball pit?!?! Shut up! quick come to Gaithersburg. Bring vodka!
yeah... or hey i need a copywriter fast.. not i need 10k of coding done as a favor
spread the word make #LiveLoveZendaya and #BeBoldBellaThorne trending topics we can do this Retweet it to help thats all you have to do =D
If u a pimp who ain't got no girls.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
I'm glad you find this funny....why not worry bout your team...
are you mad!?!?
You are less exciting, right now.
this trig homework is impossible.
... how do I explain that smile?... And how it turns my world around.
Who knows what QR codes are and what they are used for? www.zesmo.com
Yet, you are still competing with companies that have larger budgets and greater resources than you
Rob Pat and Kristen Stewart
imma need a moment cause moments last forever. ♥
blah...blah...blah....im so bored .....idk wat to doo......i need to tlk to dat person...but wateva's....
All those still pushing forward through the Let downs, Bumps in the Road, & short comings..God hasn't forgot about Us.
CASEY RULES! Yes he does. He stood up for bullying. He was bullied! Casey we love you :)
Shouts to also. I believe this kid has a good attitude and tremendous talent.Same with
yea i got a crazy mouth piece in more ways then one... I had a migraine
Cold nights are lame...
We may be running out of time in getting that party up and running.
Progress comes from caring more about what needs to be done than about who gets the credit.
Oh spring?
My solution? Unemployment. RT Dear work, I apologize for how tired I will be tomorrow. Sincerely, basketball fan.
awww send me a pic of your baby #chickens pretty please!
Jackson didn't play -- only freshman not to see time. NIU is very young, but somehow made a game of it w UWM.
Wonder why setValue:forKey: on UITextField is giving a memory address exception…
"I'm buying a shirt for my ex-girlfriend. She's a bitch and doesn't deserve it. I want to make her feel bad. What do you think?"
“: 's creation.... salt and vinegar chips dipped in hot sauce/ranch. #donthateit” 3 great things. Couldnt be bad
sup bro? How u been?
my phone did that my bad
ingentaconnect, sciencedirect and ISI will probably be enough to get you started
In Berlin @ The Club Office... Ready to kick off Startup Weekend Berlin 2012.. Who is going?
that hairstyle killing P-Pain “: Yall niggaz be killing me man lmao”
haha she was probably having her own concert in her car ;p
for for sharing the Magic Button. It has come in handy at least twice today.
Pretty neat that players have their own customed consumer items. #blindpigblazers cc
Caught Red State finally. The final line is easily the best ending to any of your films. It's a great film and a must watch.
is moving soon! 😢 I haven't met him yet!
Give boloco cardholders a free one for them to try it for themselves like u did with the Buffalo last year.
Wait what? Newt says the PRESIDENT threatened not to send out SS checks last Aug? Right, cause he was so against raising the debt ceiling.
no problems! Thanks for making the effort to clean it up! (lots don't) we try to make the space pleasant for others!
phone dont got no service<<<
It would really make me happy if followed me!(:
Constantly creating.
lmaoooo omg im starvin like marvin :p
God has our lessons right on time...
haha why not!
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Post your photos aboard the bus on our Facebook wall at www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
Welcome! We are excited to have you & are looking forward to reading your updates.
headed to the yo!
that man! Haha
hpwb about me by your place??
fuck them all! Bro...
they are all seeing the
#aaasmtg Nancy Baron shows hilarious clip of #Dr. Margaret Palmer on Colbert show.
Great! How have you been?
Q2 from Sasha Foo - Rank the following spending priorities -- roads, policy, youth programs and seniors
So jealous of everyone at stockhouse right now. I need my license.
U could do liquid lunch RT : Never made it out for lunch today. Anything fun happening tonite?
Angostura & cheesy goodness will be served at 4pm!
I know. It's so disgusting and sad!
Since Tiger's off the tour, practice mat ought to help me realize goal of becoming pro golfer!
are you here at staples??
Sometimes virtual meeting tools don't facilitate online learning, but some things can be done better online--discover those!
#ThingsIGetAlot "please fuck me in the ass" by so many people via the internet. I'm not sure if I'm that good at it. Let's see.
I love how for the #2FollowersThatShouldDate picture they put Larry Stylinson
Washington Tournament Get’s New Sponsor The yearly hard court Washington DC warm-up event to the US/Canada Masters swing has received a n
How are things going with the spineys?
Lowry will probably be made available if they're willing to take that avenue.
Doing an international post-doc is heavy on head AND heart. I'm heading off to regroup (w/glam ;-)....x
If you missed our reunion show, Check us out at our next show on December 20th at Jackrabbits! See you there!
#oomf is in their feelings.
hope your tux has expandable panels for "taco expansion"
yah.... It's basically a "what's new, what's good" list... the blurbs definitely could've been much better.
Dying my hurr!!
Don was GREAT today! Thanks for the work you do to train servant leaders!
Part of my toe came of, but it still looks weird.
We're dysfunctional!!
Hop off boy she's off limits today. I might not be at school but I still got my eyes open! Hahahaha.
it's some good mess on here girl! Lol
Do those writers play the same video game they've already won 3x or put together same jigsaw they've completed 3x. No. It's boring.
Put on Abbey Road for the kids this AM. The song they wanted on repeat? Not "octopus", not "here comes the sun", but "I want you"
I'm so much more than an option....check your memo next time!
#NVleg: just sent memo to the NVSOS, co registrar & media--wow, it's hard to find candidate info. Requires many clicks on many sites. o_0
received Democratic endorsement for santee city council
When I saw you I fell in love. And you smiled because you knew. Arrigo Boito
starters down the stretch.
sorry, on the road.
Yessir. You too, I hope. Nicely written. You in Darlington?
Tweeting from a leadership training with #CherylWalker organized by
lovely. Listening to a really talented teacher () talk about her classroom, she would fit right in at SLA.
Think Imma Stay Home
Your real life self looks not at all like Will Wheaton. Cartoons lie.
Interview this Friday! That's swizz!
i see nothing sometimes, nothing but rhymes...
It's has been a bad 2 weeks for knees.
Come in for Martini Monday lunch - $5 well martinis w/ an entree. Lottie's Lounge now open at high noon!
retweet if u every thought ............ (what wolud i do for a klondike bar )
Laissez les bons temps rouler! Listening to Dr. John, Prof. Longhair, James Booker, Preservation Hall, Harry Connick, etc.
Strict liability offenses require no culpable mental state. Examples include: traffic laws, narcotics laws, child pornography laws
Taj with the SLAM !
Be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might!
just listened and agree mayweather is a woman beating pussy
Yesterday CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic was hopefully helpful to a number of clients, especially in further efforts to get State Dept FS 240
I wish was here. I need a gay best friend's opinion!
miss you too man, you'll be out this way soon, yeah?
Whenever I am singing at home and I sing a high note my dog runs to my room and looks at me like this ---> O.O!
looks chill the way it is now bro
THANK YOU!!! You rock!!! Finish off strong!
you dont know what i got
would love to know if there was any actual testing/demonstrated need for more chems in ftn, too, or just tacked on
hahahahaha, you know you secretly think hes sexy(;
Im out. See ya when I see ya
that looks freakin awesome.
Angry birds rule my life!!!!!!!!!
YOU ARE GORGEOUS.
I joined 47 US Reps to congratulate for naming Richard Cordray head & defended the pick in Oversight/GovtReform Cmte 2day
What are the chances I'll be able to wake up to see the Mizzou game if I take a nap now?
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 63
working my nigh. wats da word
My boys are definitely some characters, Where do they get all this ratchetness from?
Indeed! Not sure how to explain my reasoning ...
yeah true. i like twitter the best because i get to talk to you guys! (: #TeamShady <3
Hello Usher...
oh lord I will soon I am sure
thank you soo much :) does he follow you?
I say! Those tennis shorts fit you smashingly! Thx 4 the follow. Hope u dig the Skwirl. We need 2 find ruses guys! Best!
At The Box in Santa Cruz, DJ Tommy is the best!! L.A. DJs need to take some clues from this guy!
Freezing rain and high winds. Wish it was snow instead
Going to get another month membership at the gym 5 days a week for 4 weeks getting it in!!
Gray hair index falls suddenly after the only one is pulled and put on a stake in the bathroom as a warning to the others.
Technically, the #eagles listened to me...when I said, get anyone from that Bama defense (in the draft)
Damn weekend went by fast smh .... hate school and hate these teachers
"all politics is personal"?
Shoutout to ya and a high thanks for listing us!
Feeling all kinds of lovely right about now..
I love these kids! They make the world go round! Aynnsley and Allie :) Love ya gals! HateLies<3Trust
But it's your short story about this place that's unforgettable.
hahaha I learn from the best. Missing you terrible ..send me another picture from the beach :)
When you love someone, you feel when they feel.
I don't see that. Your mileage may vary, but I've never seen Robinson quoted as claiming a double standard
wad up bro...
I have a problem... And I don't know what to do. :/ well I mean I do kinda but I'm not sure if that's still the solution. :c
People love to come around when they need something...Bitch, where was you when I needed something?!?!
The Browns hates its fans
Decided that I should go back through my book and change all "John Doe" references to "Craig T. Nelson", I think it will help sales.
A very special story, starring a very special child... yours... half off this week at Savvy Source: bit.ly/SavvyMarbleSpark
Its The Anchor Bar 2 year anniversary today!!! Come in and watch the games and enjoy live music and great drink specials all day..
Weekends 4 me is the only two days for you spend the day on the internet, watching TV all the time and only read magazines.
Waking up, getting ready to masturbate my mind.
Choo Choo Soul is a children's show that is apparently geared toward the demise of suicidal adults.
... Yes especially poignant given that it's an Amy Winehouse song. WUCF89.9 in Orlando loves Sachal V!
I sent you a message earlier fool.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a stepping-stone in the path of the strong. --Thomas Carlyle
#VIRGO2K11 will be EPIC! CAN'T WAIT!
Thanks for the RT Dahling! What's for dinner (it's in the oven)?
Amazing how twitter activity slowed to zero as grant deadline approached.
It's hot no rain pasture's drying up feed bill going up everything's going up except my pay. Oh well...could be worse.
Bitches did you go out???
how are you?
Reminder: we will be CLOSED FRIDAY DINNER. We are OPEN Friday LUNCH and Saturday Dinner. Thank you everyone...Happy Easter!
Where have you gone Mike Timlin, a Red Sox nation turns its lonely eyes to you.
you should try Prolog or Caml. That shit will mess you up
Indie musician's in Texas trust us for GREAT prices & TOP O' THE LINE quality for their band's custom tees! Try us, you'll like us!
": I just crushed potato chips on top of a pepperoni and sausage pizza alone in bed watching Secretariat. Happy Valentine's day."
Hello SA! Tweeting from USA, SI Museum of African Art. Are any of you using Twitter in your classes? In what ways?
oh but red door needs a Dj at the new wkd brunch! I just heard about the dry gin bloody Mary's
oh ya tru cuz wen I was nah britt trying get thick she was like I'm not fat lmao
F you Doty!
Was sitting here thinking about what to wear to work; then realized...its the weekend Baby!
Best thing about a bad hamstring is I get to eat all the ice cream I want. I thought it was for tonsils, but whatever.
positive vibes EVERY week!!
If it is in reference to your head, it is a bad thing. Otherwise indifferent.
yes - i believe it's proper to bring something small. A card and a bottle of wine/champagne or something. Nothing major.
may start #blogging again. I actually miss it.
Lolz. I miss you baby!
goodnight lovers. i shall see you tomorrow. 2:01 is probably a good time to go to sleep.... i wake up at 6:35... shit... im screwed.
Go see "The Artist" and check out my student Adria Tennor Blotta. Another student working, I love it.
Almost to 300 followers. Does that mean I am almost to a different level of intelligence??? NOT!!!!
Interactive, engaging PD for your faculty by www.epigeum.com
thanks LH you have a nice bio yourself. You owe half your pay cause I called you the mitten and that's we're you began to ball :)
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset. Not Touring alone!
- - gettin #cray with my new buddy tonight! She doesn't know what she's in for lol.
Being single doesn't mean no one wants you, it just means that God is busy writing your love story.
lol i waa in the middle of a good conversation wen it got cut off
core data is good candidate for being a module in nimbus, theres lot of boilerplate code in it thats repeated
Of course. Can you imagine how unwieldy the nozzle plug combo would be? o_0 RT : was sarcasm. :)
You guys wanna do the kill confirmed clan op tomorrow at noon?
uh duh?
I love you you made my day
While the Big 5 is the most reliable personality test even it has a 25% measurement error "Nature Via Nurture" by Ridley (2003)
Um, does anybody watch #MyCrazyObsession on TLC? The husband and wife who collect #CabbagePatchDolls scare me! O_O
thank you!
what in the...
Thanks, man. I definitely wanted to make the switch from company to consultant with this one. Testing the mere exposure effect.
Jason Duffner has the most incredible tempo to his golf swing...don't even notice the transition from top to downswing
Thank you RT
why has it been years since you last tried?
can't access your blog...hope you are having a nice weekend!
If she hadn't been a librarian, Joanne Roukens would be a torch singer! The revelations don't stop!
Juicy - Notorious B.I.G
Hi I'm graduating in like 3hrssss
big hello from an adoring Milwaukee fan. Keep being you and loving Jah.
how does your program work? We are putting together our first book, r u guys the people we talk to about publishing?
Best horoscope ever! "Tonight, you're ready to cut loose. Don't be surprised if you're the one dancing on the tabletop!"
Not only would I'd be raking up frequent flyer miles but miles on the Acela too :)
great video
Not this Thursday, next. It might get loud...
HBD chris !! I hope the best wishes for you. I love you so much <3 feel my heartbeat. if you get drunk please take care babe!
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." Einstein
All I ask is for honesty ...
Twitter and Facebook has a lot of people living in a box !
Nope. RT : Me either RT RT : honest question: how many people are aware the MLB season opened today?
Never change. <3
nope we didn't win!!! oh well!!! Good luck to who ever does :P
hell yeah girls
this sunday!?
If you hate your job treat it like a relationship... back away and give someone else the chance to love it
can i can say that i love for the fallen dreams so much omfg
Vegas? Cancun? Ibiza? Take your pick.
those ladies can't hold shit next to Dolly! Show so moving even her acapella songs! I cried twice.
#vPEARL6 used a virtual archeology project I am involved with as a jumping off point for recreating historical scenarios
Is getting a Bacon cheese and spinich omlet
is my hero
I wanna cm home 2 u an only U!!!
#sxsw music officially starts tonight! Always full of surprises and always memorable.
Got excellent news about our TA lines for next year. But learned that layoffs are now all-but-certain for some FT folks.
Oh I SO jinxed myself with that last tweet.
be mean" "IM LEAVING" *le puts nametag in bathroom slot. never comes back to clas becaus ei need to "chill my anger" works
we will be stuck inside! I want a super hard workout tomorrow. Challenge me!
Don't ask for follows, be original enough so they ask to follow
Happy Cinco de
Someone love me. Please?
I think my brain just exploded slightly
ISO Experience Event Coordinator in Eugune OR, Fresno CA, Spokane WA, and Reno NV. Please let me know if this is YOU!
how about Thursday 12/22 for lunch. I have some news!
Cheetah Girls, oml, I missed this movie!
Great meeting you and hanging out tonight at
All i can do is take a deep breathe & smh
I am taking care of so much business right now! Negotiations, big decisions, lots of excitement. Change is good!
thanks for the follow! The Gymanimals will b at the black history parade in Atlanta, 2/25
I understand that
So tmmrw fur my last day off,, howa is 10 bux for a all caneat pie fest over celebration.. I hear strawberr rubarbe, pb, dutch apple.
Nice. That one has been bugging me too.
Classic combo flavor Strawberry/Banana is twisting things up at the Porter Square Berryline! Come try it out (Oreo is kicking around too!)
this conversation is interesting (: LOL
timmy and tammy were caught canoodling behind the baseball diamond while listening to kc and jojo.
Winter FEETIES come out of hiding Leave yor stinky boots "Hello there you sweet Thang Ped.pal foot scrubby will welcome those new Flip Flops
Got a free netbook at the PayPal conference - that makes two this year with the one :)
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid $400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid $401.
We will be there 11-2 tomorrow. Sorry we missed you today!
what platforms besides fb and twitter are you using to promote sports coverage
I forwarded your email to the folks running FreePAC logistics. Haven't spoken to them of it since.
Hey... In case you don't recognize me, I have cute blond bangs now - Just so ya'all know
"The only way to get positive feelings about yourself is to take positive actions. Man does not live as he thinks, he thinks as he lives."
That has to be the most annoying interaction you can have. I just want to tell those people to stop fakin it and F%#$ off.
Oh! Beach day is breezy and cold
you are welcome! thank you too! :)
hey some of us still do things outa the kindness of our hearts! But the only kindness in my heart is Jesus!
Stepbrother's birthday dinner somehow turning into Rainey Street with no end in sight. So much for going to bed early tonight.
its a lot of money for answering some dumb questions on a 30 min game show. these guys worked hard for their billion.
Running late to school
