I have 2 disagree w/that. Everyday all shows #maddow, #lawrence, #ed, #sharpton have been doing extensive reporting on OWS.
MT : Social media will someday be a skill everyone has, not a job some people do, like typing in Mad Men, says
i cant wait to work together !!!
I'm pretty sure that I'm in love with the new pair of shoes I bought yesterday. Is that wrong? I don't wanna be right....
I cant stop thInkin about how good #TeenWolf was today
Love it! RT Hey students! Here's a sneak peek of your wall!
prescription of the day: Work hard with a heart full of charity and never stop reaching out! visit us at redhorseshoebooks.com
Wow, , you've owned the building I've lived in for 5+ years for under 2 mos and you've made me want to move. HORRIBLE service.
You think if i cared about you id wanna be just friends? If so
Uncle Rodney is a bum
Im a crazy mothafucker u should know that...
Damn you chest cold germs!
no problem honey , it will be okay just believe "be okay"
New single More Than Just a Farm and Love Doesn't Live Here. Y'all should play 'em
yeaa mugs just really get cut off
Thanks for the follow and have a fantastic Valentine's Day! Cheers!
love you more bo :* mwah
Its hard for me to sit back wait and let other people run my career... Im already gettin a taste of this industry shit 1st lesson,patience
On the phone w/mom & she starts talking to my nephew loudly. Then she says okay I will let you go as if I'm the one that got distracted.
CityLoft was hot last summer. Woodward was block off for a fashion show. Should be an annual event
how's everything? :)
shut y'all not seeing a pay check bitching over the game asses up .
Man. It's Boneless Wing Thursday...that's where I'll be at for lunch.
How would teachers find the time to mention "gay" without cutting into valuable "abstinence only" sex ed time?
ooh, I want some more. ooh, what are you waiting for? take a bite of my heart tonight.
The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
Saw alot if girls tonight
yes. We play 9/22/11 in downtown. At the last book store
Someone keeps calling the #Hawks losers. What does that even mean? Could say the same thing about #Bruins before last year. It's sports.
don't get blown away out there
Lookout for a NY Times feature tomorrow (5/23) on the new play I'm doing. WTC View
yes it is!
40-60% off on all Sports Apparel @ www.allsportsshopping.com. Nike, UGG Boots, New Balance, Team Sports Equipment, Golf, Cycles, Skis
IT'S ANNIE DUMBASS
Self thinking, yes. Mind reading? I can't psychically know what you mean by "Liberal." Maybe you don't know what you mean.
Reading a very interesting book by Seth Godin, "All Marketers Are Liars." How about all you marketers out there. Are you all liars?
"Loving someone is loving that person despite their flaws and weaknesses.."
Whew - thank god!
I Was Being A Fat Ass & Bought 2 6-Packs Of Reese's. (:
Went out last night with my girls n ended up late for work this morning. Smh
wait what?! I'm crazy?! HELL NO!! YOU crazy!! Lol Jk Ik I'm crazy
Are you running for president of the United States or do you want a position in Netanyaho's cabinet?
did you talk to Melinda ?
I use to wear my #jansport in front of me like a prego belly. I loved it just cuz it kept my hands warm in winter. Lol.
OH MY GOD. I watch it every Tuesday. Haven't missed a week yet. I thought I was the only one too! 😃
Have you followed yet? Make sure you do ASAP to get updates about our Annual Users Conference as they happen!
#YouWasSexyUntil u farted in the car and it smelled like u missing a lot of food groups!
I want to be assistant!
i just thought it was funny haha
- It was SO wonderful. Great wine, fabulous friends, beautiful weather & location! I will definitely be back!
im on my way!!
Chilling down #Banditville wit
Just want to say a BIG thank you to for making me a better leader. Thanks for investing in me!! Love u man
You must be tired because you've been running through my dreams all night.♥ ♥
Thanks for connecting! Use this reply as a $10 voucher towards any 60 minute treatment at our center, thru 5/11/12, Mon-Fri.
Or someone brings it up...I'm just like 😒......WTF bro?
according to google maps on my android I'm currently walking on water in the middle of the pacific ocean....
Just finished a Battle of Books on Friday with a wonderful group of middle schoolers. They were so nice and had such great manners.
-makes one wonder?
I'm giving those products a shot!
of course my tripod drawing had to start with clouds in the sky. of course.
you get use to it or get a dog lol
have a great show tonight!
I know a few places where you can get red peppers for a lil cheaper than that.
Faking? His arm was hanging like a string of sausages at an Italian deli.
Disgruntled progressives put the Tea Party in power, now they aid them by calling Obama weak. That's stupid & naive--exactly what GOP wants.
“: Not happy with my grades, but hey. That's what summer school is for.”
I feel we can collaborate and create great ideas on fashion dm me
man u kno delonte was smashing his momma she prolly told him not to do shit smh that was his step pappy Lmao
This might be the best thing I've ever seen. A two hour first act has never gone so fast.
RT I'm getting married in october and the first thing we set in stone was that our first dance will be "Spanish Steps"// thx man
professor told me today (again) how much he enjoyed my presentation from Friday. I'm still floored by that.
Just enjoyed a Friday massage! Ah I'm refreshed!
#FridayFightAgainst any cancer... one of my best friends aunts was just diagnosed.. </3
Stephanie's battling Dave at bagging. Nice reusable bags! Go Stephanie!
“: If your pay theme requires an install profilethat profile inserts php in blocks then you are doing it wrong.” I got bit too.
Blood Drive is in progress..no waiting! Come on down and give the gift of life. The Red Cross is here until 5:30 in the Centennial Commons.
This stability ball straightens my posture and skyrockets my self-righteousness.
I believe it was Gibbon who said, "history is a register of mankind's crimes."
Hungry! Haven't eaten since lunch :/
it won't let me see the link
Fellas please stop telling us that y'all are interested if you know in your heart that you're not!!!
lol way younger lol I was just younger when you were there
Happy Friday!! Anyone have fun weekend plans??
:-( OMG! Prays going up and out for that family.
I love all 3 songs. =)
mine too!!
A Field Report sighting! RT : That's right, suckas!! is going to light-up the Shitty Barn on 5/2 in Spring Green.
Indianapolis tomorrow..
I NEED A HOT TUB. that honestly the only thing i want to do right now.
Jkgbbbgbg PRINCETON WAS SOO CUTE WHEN HE WAS A BABY OMG :'o
Just realized that Tommy Haas lost. Sorry to hear. I was hoping he could go all the way.
yeah, i met them with her twice and once by myself
girl your the only one from the crew not following:( please follow us! we love you(:
We absolutely will. If you could spread the word as to why we didn't make it, we would appreciate it.
So when should you ask for a raise in this economy. Some say don't bother...other have an approach. At 5pm in about 15 min.
Ya'll are always on the job! Lol Happy early birthday
Baltimore thieves are odd. Last night, someone stole my makeshift compost bin - just a crappy plastic plant pot with some holes in it.
TL feeling stale? Spice it up by following Happy #FF!
Apparently I'm supposed to assume every dog is a seeing eye dog.
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time -- Jack London
Dude, thanks for stopping by!
On the Capitol square I saw only a few businesses with "no guns" signs. None of the banks. :)
Arnold is being taken back to camp after suffering a wound to the leg, while his troops under direction of Daniel Morgan storm Lower Town.
It's days like this that I wish I liked coffee.
FOX NEWS Just finished covering the SPURS practice. The game is 2night on CW35 and the rest spurs will go 4 a win 2night
Round two is my round >
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter I will never see Bruno Mars Tweets again :|
good afternoon. it's 2:15 pm and I just woke up. oh well yolo
Thanks for the RT! More now than ever, we have to start thinking more consciously about our water.
Excitement is building!
k. HAND Hun
RT : "Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine." - Lord Byron
How has everyone been? Sorry I haven't been tweeting much.
Coffee, you make me so good for the world.
+1 “: Why are flavor-blasted pizza goldfish so good? #fattweet”
Exactly 4 more months till I'm 15! Whoop Whoop!!
If ya don't like me, unfollow. I don't want 92739937399283 followers. I just wish for the people who do follow me to like my tweets.
I got chased off, but not shot. Always a good day when you don't get hurt.
Mad shout out to because that the story of my life
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Enjoy the time with family and friends!
GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE ! I LOVE YOU
We are finally tweeting...
I miss you So Much justin rite now Have fun touring loveU!!
Same here coach. Can't wait2c how well u do @ ur new job. Good luck. Just finished my 1st yr new1 myself&can't wait4 year
As a Die Hard #NYKNICKS Fan, it was amazing to meet
o the chopped almonds in it sound delicious! thanks for the recommendation.
Haha. Yea, I'm more looking into it academically. Although if something clever comes up I'll totally use it.
RT The #Isles will wear their black 3rd jerseys during the 2012-13 season.
rappers spend more time addressing their haters than they do praising their fans!
my mom called me downstairs to tell me I had mail and i was all OMFG WHAT IF ITS FROM VINNY. nope it was a letter from my dance instructor
nope, it's works fine for me. what's up? what's it doing?
Walker may have the dollars. We have the people and the votes. -Sen. Lena Taylor on
Will we see you at ALA Midwinter Meeting this weekend? bit.ly/zI1kzD
SOLD OUT Jinx so bad on Closing Night we had to add another row of seating!!! A HUGE thank you to all who came out!!!
Worked from home today.....ugh!
Team Bazinga! Is ready for #thecityscramble this Saturday in Fort Lauderdale!
HUNGER GAMES are on for today! The movie, that is...
I've been up for 5 hours. This waking up SUPER early thing feels weird.
I'm about to get wings... Look at GOD RT : I want some wings...
Yes! Thank you very much for picking up the check. Excellent meal and great company
Santa should be on his way to my house Now with u so when i open u in the morn can you make sure to smile and give me a hug?(:
agreed“: Very painful after how they played last night. “: This is painful! 13-12 Holy Family at half.”
tell us more. What are they eating?
Blessed weekend to one and all. Peace.
who u got in a fight Myron Scholes or
thanks alan :D I hope I copied the link correctly for the retweet! ~~~~rich
32 seconds to get my first spam: “: Hey you should follow they follow back! ;)”
And this day was capped off with cleaning up day old dog barf. Now onto happier things like beer.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!! May you and your wife have a beautiful, blessed journey! Now life REALLY starts lol!
Cause we're poor.
Sheriff Patrick O'Flynn hadn't gotten a raise in a decade... he deserves it!
so sorry to hear about your drama
Omg where is the justice?? Lights still out..fuckin bitches
Some people have no decency
Every time lakers lose laker haters talk STFU everybody lose the lakers ain't fuckin perfect !!! I guess to many championships
okay i'm getting in the shower now see ya twitter in 3 hours!!!
when you smile it makes the whole world drop dead from happiness!
Why is #bachmann even still running? Do us all a favor and drop please so I won't have to hear any more of your awful speeches.
You spend all of your time on Twitter
GO KEVIN MITCHELL GO
so turns out you weren't lying about mass effect 3. Unbelievable
What does a siren at 1:25 mean? Tornado?
Ugh cant sleep and I have to be in hair and mu at 5 am....madness!
He say i don't give him no attention when he text me, reminder, dont u have a girl..
tell that caller to connect with me and I will help him get a job
I'll act my age when I'm 69.
Fracking Pollution Limits - Green Chip Stocks
A gap in a lot of marketing operations = Work like mad to get the sale and move on
Why are there ugly plastic surgeons?
Glad to see my bashing of Izzo got MSU in gear. They needed a pep talk from Pregame.
love love loving KATHY!
Detroit @ NYY tonight. Hope I can stay awake to watch.
lolol. He's white.
friend's are saying Shanghai. HK is kickass from what I hear!
i got u. Follow back
trying to reach you - can u email me?
Some oral contraceptives & NSAID’s may deplete your body of folic acid causing anemia, depression or heart palpitations. 412-681-6400
premiere of Boyfriend on mtv (:
Cloudy with a chance of bullshit.
Hopefully people have learned their lesson and will vote these REPUBLICAN bums out of office when they are up for re-election!
I truly believe some people in this world just need to be killed...if you dont want kids DONT HAVE THEM
a three-pointer in a dome stat drop. really?
better than dying...
30 days sober down. Many more to go
headline on the #tv "Bachmann explains 'submissive wives'."
We are excited to show in Detroit and are currently setting up a special screening. Also the film will open in Detroit in September.
It's a shame that the particles weren't really breaking laws. It would have been exciting to start physics from scratch.
Four hours 'til showtime!
is Josh doing a show while here?
Do chicks really dig Adrien Brody?
“: yo! #9 is the jam! Really dope mix tape!” she heard the draft of the tape. #9 is got damn yessssir!
thanks! It'll Be up very soon! :$
Glamour claims that "submitting a reality TV application" is a 'dating red flag.' Anyone care to defend??
: Was rooting for Beverly. Do not like Sara. #topchef> I felt the same!!
Being a grownup blows
ok..you're signed up...now tweet
Thanks, Jason.
u look amazing :-) n beautiful
I remember when a students goal was to go to college, not gang bang
#kyste2012 I use Evernote skitch on my touch pad as a portable dry erase board. I can work with students anytime with skitch. They love it!
best response ever.
Kirk Cousins to the Washington Redskins. #MSU #Sparty #NFLDraft pick
Thanks! Good to be back, but also missing Montreal more than a little. A happier city in more than a few ways.
Met Kirby Smart today
i hadn't seen someone takeover a tournament game like that since vs Kentucky
Pride & Prejudice is on the tv, this is a good thing.
problem is we have lost all sense of perspective in the country.
Aethereal is getting ready to finally record some new music! Stay posted for more detailss...
My new favorite song! It lives in my head now. And it's not even a full song! Garrrrr!
then when they find us we'll be like "oh hey! How did I get here? Why am I in a ninja suit? OMG ONE DIRECTION KIDNAPPED ME"
Well i never thought you'd stay, that's okay. I hope he takes your filthy heart and then he throws you away someday.
I think Brett is a little salty. Look at Urban's resume... I'd flip too.
Good night
I tld him I was trying to respect his decisions, he sd when you started tlkn abt coming to get ur stuff I figured it was over
sounds good. New Twitter pic? I'm ready to see , Pat O'Hara and Marcum
#PlayOfTheDay should be renamed to the Yankees Crappy Announcement of the day....go a little deeper in the well kid.
I see you've decided to start following me again! Wait until your feed is filled with FDA news, ha!
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Enjoy your special day.
god please don't take from us so soon :'(
So vital. What are ways people have used to protect our good people?
Congratulations on your success!
we should get drinks when I visit since Behzod will be leaving the great northwest soon.
AMC Theaters offers 2 FREE Movie Vouchers to new Apartment Residents in Orlando. Posting January 1st, 2012.
I like jj reddick cause ima duke fan but he can cut this shit out against miami
getting back to the 30 second elevator speech training we have been delivering before - small biz needs help in this area I think
You deserve all the beauty the world has to offer!
Fresher than paint:)
LOL is the mute button bandit! LOL
Perils of the most office-convenient gym: Having to introduce yourself to previously unmet co-workers when you're in a towel.
A little late, I know, but I'm into Florence and the Machine. A lot. Courtesy of
Lucky! Id rather be home, then at school!
you killed that track don't trip Hahaha
Russell Martin will be catching Andy Pettitte today.
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 7
WOO KINGS
That's a good point. You should probably just go stand in the corner and sing about how you're losing your religion.
yes, but that's ok! Man, doesn't that seem like a different world?
heck yes we'll be tweeting away at
Fearing CA Could Be a Dead Zone, Irvine City Council Takes Lead ... OpEdNews .Council motions2 prevent SONGS from becoming Fukushima.
Just witnessed a delta sandwich. Poor bastard being sandwiched never even saw it coming! cc
So I got fired yesterday, you should cheer me up by telling us what you think of our new teaser :)
I feel like butt, this headache and light-headedness can go away at anytime now.
ugh my throat is killn me this changing weather mess is not ok
go to chief Jim Billies swamp safari in the Everglades in Florida twithelpme night time buggy rides Garuanteed to see tons of alligators
I had so many potential Sams... and now it seems the only one I will end up with is the one that requires a membership card
I love when my name trends even though it has nothing to do with me :D
Females got the game fuck up " did u miss me " we only talk like twice like wtf smh
Lax tryouts were no fret
Wonderful soo excited see it !By the way you are in all cases, a wonderful and handsome!love u
Is it just me but I hv never heard a bad Mary J Blige album cn u say music Icon!
Senate Tax Chair Julianne Ortman comes out swinging - "Gov. Dayton has burned his last bridge with legislature" with tax veto
If you can cut over the sink and run the knife under cold water, sometimes that helps. ...sniff...now you got ME crying!
That was a beautiful note Lee. Thanks for sharing! #TearingUpABit #SoProudOfOurBoys (Or should I say men?)
Visibility creates opportunities. If a resume was the deciding factor in recruitment, there would never be a need for interviews.
ah, yes that would be problematic.
Excited about our new school schedule which should be up Nov. 1 at www.tuckerschool.com!
E.A. SPORTZ!!! (Country Accent) LOL!!!
How can ur baby be mine when she looks Mexican????
Praying for peace and the change I'd like to see in the world today.
lets laugh at things we never did.
Retweet if today is your first day of school like it is for me!!!!
the second one
Bro's before any female
Today is going to be a VitaCoco kind of day...
ATM machines 'are costing tourists' Research has suggested that British tourists are spending an extra £260 million a year in fees
: Eddie?! Is that u? Lol
I basically live at my #grandmashouse. CUZ I WUB HER.
Really though, can your English really be that bad?
Mac makes a great liquid that has a felt tip applicator that I love. Goes on pretty easy but I also struggle making them look even.
Josh talks to me so I don't tweet myself hahahahaha
Kinda REALLY bored...
Say it to my face. Not through your status.
Most Ppl can never accept your downfalls but if they can love u "wen it doesnt hurt" than they should be able to do all the same wen it does
"I just want to buy a fleet of horses and name them. if you give a horse s cookie"
Power out to about 90 customers in White Hall area per VA Dominion Power, est. repair 11pm-1am. Running off UPS backup and laptop for now.
you might try Resident Evil: Degeneration Tags
I think Siri should be on the 2012 ballot for President.
Duck offense looking tough to stop. U of O marched down the field easily, ending with a James TD run to the left. All tied at 7-7.
Thanks for making those GIFs!
Going to the Garden to watch the TRUTH make history? stop by & visit us before AND after! #GOGREEN!
Mavs-Nuggets game last night was awesome. But it's never fun to be on the wrong end of a buzzer beater. Back at it tomorrow night in H-Town.
RT : Yes! just gave out free copies of the book Creativity Today to all attendees lab this...
jk i sing horrible almost as bad as rebecca black
on #Leadership - What part of TRUST don't people understand? How could Weiner stay and why would people let him?
. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve."
Thanks for the mention. FYI, there is a version for VMware Workstation as well as vSphere (for business).
stuck at home : (
OMG! THE WANTED WERE AMAZING ON THE VOICE TOMS SLIDING ON THE STAGE AND NATHAN AND SIVA DANCING AND MAX AND JAY JUST LOOKING CUTE!!❤❤😍
You are changing the world one FAMILY at a time. So PROUD to know you and to be a part of SHF! GOD BLESS!!! =)
Really? You feel a detachment with Facebook?
Headed to church. Hope everyone has a blessed day!
If you interview me and don't kiss me on the lips, I have no respect for you.
Are you going to go see them at Coachella?
State Dpnt on Hana Shalabi: "..our annual Country Report on Human Rights Practices addresses" administrative detention in Israeli prisons.
Goin on 8 months on the 29th me n my bae been together
I want that Mr. Right soon :)
RT : Models aren't the only freelancers in fashion who want to #GetPaidNotPlayed. Read one top photographer's story:...
Ah officially booked her flight to LA!!!!!!
No one gets more excited to see you than your dogs do.
So tired... Now to be lazy!! Peace
The World Is Not Enough is one of the worst Bond movies I've ever seen....
Good morning Val where's your coat?
Similarly, I've found that I don't particularly like calling my employer: Boss, Supervisor, etc... New terminology?
Bears got Tebowed.
Tonights turn out is looking amazing for Mike Posner tonight!
#SPAM has been around for 74 years! (The canned meat, not the junk email.) Happy Birthday!
Perfect thing to see to start my morning!!! I just want this day to end already
sounds standard sir
I feel like I juss wanna b single again
you could be right for me who knows. but I doing think the world is ready to take you off the free agent list shortie
This post office has a stupid slow line right now
Wow. Busy busy. = everyone getting there hair done!!!
I thought this girl was a freshman, turns out she is a senior.
Instant Photo System | Fujifilm Global
forgot how much work gardening is.
OMG OMG IS FOLLOWING ME I CANT BELIVE THIS:)
playing with sifteo cubes
I heard the Bogut interview on Mike Hellers show, and Luke on Tony Bruno. Good Job PR, getting the Bucks out there finally;)
im going tonight haha
remember when MADE us go to "date land"? Home boy was cravin a world famous "date shake".
I just saw some pretty cool tattoos on tumblr. Love them! Anyone have any pf tats?
yes, it does although it just started. I need to jump in asap. Follow/promote
that awkward moment when you skip over this this tweet and don't tweet me back and then realize there's two "this"'s.
congrats on the new place! Looks like a great neighborhood via
you'll just get more pissed off
Axelrod blames GOP for immigration stalemate
season ending, fair. As much as I love those 3 guys, a rookie (kinda) 1B, light hitting SS and 5th starter aren't "Key"
It's Sunday... and I should be at INOZ drinking Mexitinis until we're silly right now✌💜🍸!
Yeah. Ugh Christina annoys me though.
perfect! at 3pm?
I was just evacuated off a bus for a coffee spill. I am not kidding.
You know I can make your night ,you wanna get it? You got something that I like but I might regret it ....
Success Comes Before Work Only In The Dictionary. Do you agree?
#Wisconsin Big Ten champs now on to the #rosebowl against Oregon
I always followed you, jerk
Roger Goodell is gonna breakdance before this draft is over.
you deserve it!
Congrats to for their #MITx initiative. Very impressive. And a boost to hard working, curious individuals the world over.
TrafficSafetyCn thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
So if I tweet something, is it viewable by followers of someone I am following? I'm confused...retweeted?
followed :) shout out pls?x
yeah but it sucks this is my second laptop I had another before my charger works
Pls pray for two homeless men who were shot as they slept under morrison bridge.
Happy Birthday Taylor Swift
We would like to present you the newest and best ElitePRO DOT ws ever created for automated online Business. No manual trading, no more...
What coach wouldn't want Rivers?
Got the opportunity to go to 2 baseball games tomorrow for free ( or Clemson/WFU)...hmm, decisions, decisions.
Nemo? that's just wrong...
Saw Rango last night--liked it quite a bit! Don't recommend taking any kids under 5; saw some traumatized youngsters in the audience.
Sick. It sucks :(
when art ends, will there sill be the world?
What's the best pie there is? Pies are making a comeback!
16oz Troegenator Drafts $2 all day today. And, don't forget tonite is Music, Munchies & Margaritas with the talented
me ... II want i love u , u r awesome! Please follow me?
i meant like fun ! d ko sila gusto . gets mo ? ughh lols
ok srsly room 317 was the death of me. I still have a hard time remembering that it isn't real lol SO. MANY. EMOTIONS.
lol imma hit you monday doe ...i betta c u too Larry Berry
Thanks how was ur easter?
its not lame...sleep is important! It helps u stay looking young! ;-)
Thank you Anima!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card why do I class these teams in the position they are in simple it all about matchups.
Rape in wartime is connected to gender relations established in peace. We should not bracket the former from the latter.
Haha! RT : Few things are more unnerving than getting an email notification that is now following you on Twitter.
That's freakin' awesome.
busy studio day today! How is everyone?
i will..
you are a wonderful mother. You Give your heart and soul. What more could a child need.
Hill on the lline
:-) Sounds great!
haha good answers all around chi-town ladies. Let's all go to a Cubs game and see who can drink the most Old Styles.
gonna tweet like its my birthday
I'm fine! Thanks for asking how are you?
#oomf is so super special
looking forward to catching your blog and learning more about your operation - took 3rd MIM 2008 shoulder Ques Brothers!!
I have 2 finals tomorrow and im sitting here listening to music and chilling out. Can you say All-Nighter? Last day of school tomorrow!
*waves* hi Matt! Did you kids eat all the food yet? :)
Espn #30for30 so good. Doesn't matter which one, I always get so sucked in.. and this is coming from someone who barely watches sports
Hey Caitlin can you follow me on gifboom
I want some waffle house lol
1030am. You coming?
thanks for the follows!
Good Morning World ...!
Win Duffy has emerged as my favorite tertiary #Justified character. Reserved bewilderment is quite the facial expression.
yah!!! I was hungry after a skate sesh. I see you all swagged out in the st mos uniform haha. Are you almost done with school?
its HOT here in Chicago, maybe the Castronovos should take a road trip to Chicago (:
Goodmorning ☀ And Happy Mothers Day To All The Mommies && R.i.p to the ones that are not with us . ❤
I have been awarded a Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant award! Thank you SO much to the Pollock-Krasner Foundation!
That moment when you're on Facebook and see that your crush is in a relationship & your heart just suddenly breaks.
Nothing Is better for thee ... than me.
Hope you guys like the bracelets and jewelry by
Brettschneider's last name is ridiculous. That's a full name for most people.
Can't wait for ? Join us at El Pueblo tomorrow morning at 9:30 to get the party started early!
new parenting tip #109 - babies are sticky. not just toddlers. milk is sticky. formula is sticky. everything is sticky. it doesnt get better
Nuclear disaster
Let the countdown begin...No sleep but ready to head home today! Big weekend planned with my <NC> family from all over!!
Didn't get to play yet. Busy, busy, busy...
RT : however meta you go, can always take it one more level. Abstraction as a service = As :-)
Am I the only one who can't decide between an iphone or blackberry?
"No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar."
If I were to tweet 3 times per day... I'd be your father.
Hair...chalking?! Is that a thing?
well the rittenhaus is not exactly...cheap but they do give you champagne and chocolate covered strawberries when you check in.
can DEM's get males 35-55 to vote their own interest ? The GOP seems to be experts at getting to vote against it
#homesweethome :) ": I can't wait to move back to buffalo...I miss my family and friends so much ;("
Too Funny. so quiet out here you could hear a fish flatulate. (via )
Form to transfer credits from the Germany Trip to #uwm SOIS is filled out! Now, to wait to hear they've been accepted...
#Txttlktees is going live on Friday-Check out-Txttlktees.com &buy some Txttlktees for you&your 4F's-friends, family, followers,&fans!!
Use analysts to keep perspective rather than continue drinking the Kool-Aid Corey Ferengul Rovi Corp
We would have a lot of fun over there but it is cold there as well I would rather be somewhere very warm now anyways cuddling
sound kitty till the death of me
Right back at cha!! Keep blazing those trails, baby!!!
Yup! You want one Dustin?
Gosh, I didn't think that far ahead lol. We need to figure something out though. For reals.
Happy Birthday Brian![: Have a good day💗
No not put off at all. Loving the refreshingly civil discourse of it.
if i am pressed to say why i loved him, i feel it can only be explained by replying: "Because it was he; because it was me"
Found out today that I was #1 in Baltimore my last week on the air. Ain't that a B.
no, but I did toast you on Untappd ;-).
I never tweet
thank you! Glad you enjoyed it!
d, wtf r u talking about...?
Things That Are Heard TONIGHT at Jazz, Deconstructed! Tonight's the finale of the series. Don't miss it!!!
Phone been dead forever.. Lol
It is now, and will always be, The Jake. No better nickname anywhere!
They should go away, just don't force them out and they will clear up nicely.
people people please chill it with the deep tweets!
BTW I am so fucking bored I can't stand it. Busta windows out my own house.
The cigarette industry spends 27 million a day US on marketing
It's a lot of people with #lace on and shouldn't be.. Eeewwwww
Rule #5 cause I skipped it, don't get an agent "just to have one" build your resume and go get a good one that will actually get you work.
Peggy Olson, Gangsta.
Me: Are you sick, Dad? Dad: No I just live here.
Last hearing of the week... send positive vibes that the judge gives client another chance and doesn't arrest her...
check your email my friend!
you're bout to get beat up.
The BEST question ever: "What is the wise thing to do?"
(and thus proceeds the writing of Kzoo paper #2)
Anna! We gotta talk! :D
Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay
Did you not hear the announcements? They want people to dress up and my math teacher said Prairie loves Halloween.
and that person wasn't even Greek O_o
Was so tired, wanting nothing but my bed...Now that I lay down, can't sleep..
cause if my tweets. wants to visit Texas, now! :D
listening to The Actors Way web broadcast from
haha omg that is so true
that's what she said
I felt a great disturbance in the 4th, as if millions of voices suddently cried out in terror and suddently silenced.
sounds like a plan :)
RT : "Life is a challenge, not a competition. You can still smell the roses, and be on a mission." -India.Arie
#WarnerBros contacted for first with the #SpaceJam offer..I put MJ on!
Say yay, Say yay don't we do this errrryday day
Fleet insurance? We check dozens of top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
For sure, and I'm looking forward to it. You can meet the whole fam! :)
#HappyMothersDay to my number one fan and favorite lady in the world, Rose Cain! I wouldn't be who I am without you. I love you Mom!
I wonder if I'm an #ExtraordinaryMom Guess I'll find out tomorrow. lol
Still up and watching oddities...what a way to end the night
MULCH Brown Natural $2.69 Red & Black $2.99 comes in a 3 cubic foot bag!!!! And it is selling super fast!!! Only
Enjoying some down time.
THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT now has a twitter acct. #follow and help us nullify foreclosure debt & keep homes
wait, the clippers won last night?
melatonin and chamomile
Margaret Nelson wonders who is attracted to idea of "attachment parenting." She says it reflects cultural anxiety about women in labor force
C'mon! Why doesn't have a Dallas,TX tour date?!
NEVER EVER.
Congrats to Coach Sauer and the USA sled hockey team and their win over Norway at the World Sledge hockey Challenge
must've thought he was a 14 yr old girl
and in other life maybe
RT : If you're at JCSU you're only 10-15 minutes from , uptown on 6th St. #Free validated parking too.
Fuck yal keep saying Mayweather scared of Pacquiao?! Dumb ass bitches don't know he on steroids and won't take a test... Stfu
lol ! i'm coloring you green tomorrow. that is all.
Are Junebugs still around in August?
wait I mean
Ellen I just got your audiobook and I just want to say I love driving with you! We meditate,tell jokes, give me advice..newbff
Thank you my friend! =)
recycled records?
The Verdict: Bree, Not Guilty!
u r tweet usadeaf.com and rayovacbattery.net
Kyle Baker: "We went to the Tennessee Rep to see "A Christmas Carol"
I don't think there's an emoticon for that.
but you have that amazing smile.
You know your a real teenager when you remember the lyrics to '1.2 step' and the dance moves. hahahahahaha <3
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 71
hey guys thanks for following! keep us posted on gigs and we'll do the same!
The only one not attending my Junior Ring Ceremony... :/
tierd of this bullshit.....every second la la la la
Thanks for the mention :D
Morning Sunshine! Is there an organization in So Cal that needs and deserves a sunscreen donation? Tell us about it!
I suppose it comes down to whether he could be trusted again. Lots of debate on relevance to the job, but a lie is a lie.
2000 TWEEEEEEEEEEEEETSS!!! **Marching Band Stops playing epic music** **Confetti settles** What am I supposed to do now?
If happy ever after did exist, I wish to be holding you like thiss
If I'm going to be alive I might as well be incredible I want to do more than just exist
Save the Pine Weasel!
no homework today...shocker.
are you streaming at all today
we gonna work these inches off!
To my eyes, a gay kiss on tv is cringe-worthy, but is that enough of a reason for me to discriminate? Hell no. Love is love (between adults)
*raises hand* RT ": Lowkey if I figure out how to go to another planet who wants to come with? e__e"
Working on our website! New applications will be up some time soon, so keep an eye out. Flying House 2012! Chicago and... Baton Rouge??
But isn't that just COPPA compliance? Disappointing, but our < 13 year old kids not allowed. Motivation: their safety.
Vote for our Quarterback Greg McGhee for MEAC player of the week at www.hsrn.com Vote now, voting ends Wed/tomorrow.
yep. Eventually anyway.
Happy mothers day & everyday!
are their environment easter eggs like the statue of liberty blow up in early
Read this fabulous piece and you will be reminded why the #PlanB ruling and the fight to preserve #reproductiverights matter...
Havnt been on here in forever
“: Everyday 41 kids find out they have cancer. That means 14,760 Children a year are diagnosed. #findthecureforcancer”
Ha. Big changes for NBC..
I've been waiting for these few droplets of snow for too long!
Dude deserves another go in the #UFC and his bjj is exciting as u are going to get
everybody follow my brody Please and thank u
Salad Special: Mixed Baby Greens in Honey Dijon Vinaigrette w/Homemade Country Style Pate, Walnut Bread Croutons, Bread & Butter Pickles
Thanks for the follow!
Look in the mirror
Just finishing doin my lil cuz nails...they look cool!!!!!...newspaper art.
Thanks Natalie! :)
Phase 2 Data on Provectus’s PV-10 to Be Presented at the HemOnc Today - Melanoma and Cutaneous Malignancies Conference ...
i would buy him every star in the sky....except id rather look at his eyes there way prettier <3 XD
Yep, you've gotten me hooked! The fact that my seemingly hare-brained paper topic seemed to land made me want to read more :)
I wonder what the sick pervert was doing that discovered milking the cow.
Another day another Doctor's visit to figure out the pain. Fingers crossed that they find an answer this time!
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat New Beats R Added Daily!
. apparently a car hit a light pole, it was unrooted & crumpled under their car, both dragged for 20 yards. utter miracle no one hurt.
did you
It's almost time! Get what's left for the Maxim Super Bowl Party and the Maxim Tailgate! Call 877-599-1765 for more info!
#AGirlDeserves 2 Be Treated With Respect And Like A Lady.,!
watching them
*Sigh* So bored. What do I do?
8 months kid...Are they all for nothing.
FTW! You guys rock. Great seeing you at the screening.
My bed just told me that cuddlefest starts at 1230AM and it misses me.
After a month of travelling non-stop, today is a day of pure vegging. Listening to the Hunger Games on audiobook and relaxing. Yay!
me n my nigga still n our tux man lol
I leave today for 19 days in 7 different countries. What am I forgetting to do/pack? cc:
Just happy too see another day & be with the family. life too short... i just dont stressed that enough.
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday tonight!
On the couch w/ Thor tonight. Wait, clarify- on the couch ALONE, watching the movie
Your general health affects everything, including your voice. And getting enough sleep is key. Nighty night all you fine music makers!
That song is crazy, but great!
I'm hanging out with Christy and her sister! I think going to Del Mar and Solana Beach. Then sushi downtown. You? Box? Hahaha
the Liszt Sonatas one has some agonizing math to exclude the sheet music pages from the book/copied section. Still fails.
Thanks for the follow :)
RT : Seeing the whole team makes me feel warm inside // any day is a great day to see
#hcsm T1: I personally believe social media has to be taught before residents graduate - in med school too
Hair, Makeup, Paint, Video, Clay: It's all the same to me. Just let me express myself and inspire others to do the same. <3
Stratfor puts off website launch for a week after Anonymous attack
It's never the same with a girl after you hear her fart
Proud to be reppin at Reunion #Latina 2012 Conference, thinking about challenging stigma of #HIV for our youth + the future.
Best thing about working at a library while preparing for a move - BOXES!
Rather than get into a Lebron argument I'd rather talk about this Mega Million. LOL
that's the Hipster Deer Brady all by himself. Giselle dressed him as usual. He tasted like Tara Reid. I had salad
glad to see u are at LSP. Too bad Sporting can't get u a goal
Lmaooooo! RT : Who is this girl laying on my couch O_o
RT : Congress extended #UI benefits and the payroll tax cut - Let your members know your thoughts on how they voted:...
thanks Ruben! Today was awesome!!!
Members Card Thunder -2 (20 units)
baby i just got from the beach today
Bought another coffee. Probably don't need it.
hiding the body!
RT : THIS IS IMPORTANT! Needs 100K, 68K funded so far, 4 days left! I backed this amazing project which seeks to bring...
Matthew McConaughey is so sexy
I love you, not only for what you are, But for what I am when I am with you
Am weighing my options and keeping them open. It feels good to be so free, both personally and professionally.
I CAN trust you as far as I can throw you. Which is why I had sex with a frisbee instead of the fat girl..
The big mistake was not calling timeout after first down with 27 seconds left. No way they need all 3 after that, cost them 5 sec.
WSJ is reporting that Facebook is planning to file for its IPO sometime next week.
Bialecki: role of #MA state #econdev office is to set up market for #highered & business collaboration, not direct partnerships.
YAY! Glad to hear he was reunited with his family! :-) So nice of you to work so hard to make sure that happened!
RT : : "You can spend time making great content for search engines, or you can spend it making great content for people."
waiting for some [hopefully] good news....
or the stupid lady coughing next to me like no ones business the other day on the train
Great event this evening at #cafelago Beautiful handbags & info props
Lol. I feel ya. I go through a lot of Lysol spray.
Kindergarten cop. On AMC. Now. "now we're going to play a wonderful game called: who is my daddy, and what does he do?"
I miss you my pappu!
Thanks! He's a beast. Loved watching him play. Btw, you and are gonna run HU next year.
Live music tomorrow at 6 with soylent blue to celebrate our 2 year anniversary!!
Certain to be the hot fashion accessory at SXSWi, no doubt! ;)
Yay Pacers! Bring on the Heat!!!!!
weak that does not make since
Super excited for opening tonight!
i just noticed ur egg has a "C"! awesome, is their a "like" button for twitter??
yeah thanks! we'll go thru the pricing and see what makes sense.
#1k1hr? 1700+ words baby! #amwriting and grinning and drinking coffee like it's my job.
I do...I got bored so I stalked your page...hahahahaha........sorry.
Beanies, berets, cloches...oh my! I love hat weather!!!
get Claritin clear. Or Zyrtec or Allegra. :D allergies suck balls.
Have you heard about SLICE MANIA? We now sell cheap slices after 4pm. Slices start at $1.25, Now thru the end of November!
I still haven't adjusted to picking my daughter up at the hairdresser
How is Rush Limbaugh even still alive?
Why am I watching Top Gun? Just why
Still irked. No study till I'm done being annoyed. Fuck.
of course! I'm here now, about to grab a sharkarita...
“: hope you had a great birthday !!” thx Jess! I still am actually...
me n u making babies or what! Lol
Ok cool.. So you're still alive?
“: pulled out the whipped cream and squirted it into a plastic cup to illustrate food porn!” prop humor at #2012c19 !
Sonoma County, CA: Our episode "Changing the Game" is on KRCV #TV 22 tonight at 11:00pm. Tune in!
Hmm Arian Foster for DeSean Jackson? Should I allow this?
CLONES, let's represent for our guy tonight. ROME debuts on CBS Sports network 6 pm ET. Be there.
I miss u and every 1 :(
crushed it at # uxsconf : Future Trends In Mobile.
I didn't really say everything I said. Yogi Berra
Haha is teaching the TechStars Cloud audience how to play #werewolf /cc
still have to go with Monica and kat. Monica sent me a signed shirt and pic
buy the new exsclusive smirk clothing 2222 Summit st. Columbus, Ohio X__x
I need to master that look tonight!!! lemme see...lean and look!!
": I will be performing at MCM Pub and Eatery tonight to support the fight against Breast Cancer." Amazing job man.
EASTER DAWN SERVICE at 7am in the Butterfly Garden, led by Dress warm, we will move to Fellowship Hall only if it rains.
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. Chinese Proverb
#avengers was fantastic. Smart and very funny. and if you don't know Marvel movies by now: MUST STAY TO THE END OF CREDITS
Bono is now finally able to finish the payments on that giant lemon.
Listening 2 War of the Roses on ! Shiz is about 2 get crazy!
That's a great idea!
friends are like walls... sometimes you lean on them, and sometimes it's just enough to know that they are there.
OHMYGOD BELIEBERS ARE GONNA TEAR YOU APARTJUSTIN BIEBER U R NOT THE BABY FATHA'
bet! Is that this or next week? Let's make it happen man!
lol well im not like them
Pujols originally a third baseman, why not move him back and put Trumbo at 1b?
[Eph5:1-2+Matt7:12] Christians imitate FatherGod who loves everyone & thus we love others the way HE does-Lets walk In Love for all everyday
Midnight snack= Chipotle :D
Love Mark..Great to work with..wonderful artist..Overall awesome person!
I love my buss!!(:
Imma mail u pictures tell me which 1 u think cuter
Ok, these peeps r off their rocker..a 6 yrold is suspended fr school 4 singin LMAFO I'm Sexy & I Know It...they said it's sexual harassment?
Save the date for the next Rhapsodomancy reading: Sun. June 3. Anne-Marie Kinney, Bradley Paul, Nathan Hansen & Bonnie Bolling will read.
you're no bother. :) Charity, right?
I love afternoons like this.
Thanks for the mention.
I gotta start leaving out earlier man
NO PAUSE NONE OF THAT SHIT GET OFF MY DICK
that's what's up! How's school going?
Locked myself out of the house. Today is awesome.
Friday, i see your face &i cant breath<3;* <SoFar,SoGood;*>
it's gonna be a pretty good show.. I was planning a night in but I guess not anymore :/
what is the skirts length, and what is the event?
I really fucking hate pigeons. Like really. #diebirddie thought you all would like to know that
thank you for live tweeting a creed concert. Real treat.
crush since the Facebook days???
High tech high is a rich only school!! Only for well to do children of city council! Don't support!
Much obliged. :)
Write us at our P.O Box! Lady Phoenix P.O Box 5494 Oceanside CA 92052-5494
poostick - can't make thatcamp philly. it's the week before i go on vaycay. first world problems?
My original tweet was not about big biz it was about small biz try in grow.... they are not incentivized by tax increases
Congrats to for being the newest Certified TriCaster operator! Welcome to the family!
The world has just lost one of its greatest innovators. RIP #SteveJobs, thank you for bringing us into the Digital Age. You will be missed.
Time to catch up on #trueblood :)
SNOW - Songwriting in process by Tracy Willet.
I love Mississippi Valley State's Head Coach already. He is like playing defense on the sideline while coaching his team.
the Triad area, High Point/Greensboro area. So green and outdoorsy up there, love it!
thanks for the followback! :)
Do you think we could pair great tea and lively chamber music together sometime in the month of September?
MA Program Interview Day at DU!
concert tickets! tickets to his favorite sports team, see if there are any local minor league teams.
happy MLK Day!
amazing. see you there!
Hey MONSTERS!! We are rockin' the house tonight! Get your tix now! Still at half price on !!
um you forgot to tweet my beautiful picture!
i ain't heard from you in a while how you been
i woulda told the cashier you were gonna MacGyver yourself a car battery
just headed into town now. Use caley's cell number to coordinate txts :) !
New on Blu-ray only: "Men in Black" (5-1) "Men in Black 2" (5-1) "Clueless" (5-1) New on DVD only: "A Woman of Substance Trilogy" (5-1)
great thought! Agreed.
If you like near Auburn, AL. please send me a FB msg asap. Thank you!
And that wraps up my tweet reporting #nobel - peace out
You know you have #SupaSwank when you creep on and RT all his tweets(;
ugh..no not really.lol
U have to follow me b4 i follow ne one else ! :D #1stfollower !
Once I get this cast off I'm going kayaking and fishin in harrods creek.
Get out of school already.
Am I really running 13 miles tomorrow? Of course my body rejects this idea now..
Getting ripped out because I said that I was getting the feeling was going to be taking average classes...
Todays AP story states the dire need for tents in Haiti. ShelterBox will provide 3,000 FRI. Will AP cover this w/ US sources
dnt go to bed cuz i gt something for yo ass
The umpire HAS to call that 3rd strike... Can't believe he didn't.
More than 15,000,000,000 prizes have been given away in Cracker Jack's boxes
Spread the word about us!!! :) like our page & follow us
how awkward is the word awkward? Like the whole "wkw" spelling is so fucking weird. Lol
Chilling in my car at a gas station waiting for to give me directions... Yep, I'm that loser...
I like Malik how ignored my question. I don't wanna see him graduate anyway.
My Oscar® Pick, Best Actress: Viola Davis (The Help)
checking out new options with Centricity2 training...exciting possibilities!
you're too excited lol
Hey ! Check out Lexy.com to see your show getting some shine on Lexy. Keep up the great work!
Don't forget #Wrangler fans wear white tonight
Started to watch The Killing. Slow start but getting better. Seattle based but feels European. Danish producers miss Copenhagen?
the term "grindin" refers 2 working. The act of "being on the grind" is saying I'm " " 2 "rise & grind" is "get up & work" ;)
I Love My background <3333
How is it that the FB Questions feature usually gets less "X talking about this" #s than a typical post?
I can't imagine it gets better than spending my birthday with and as and I
It's a little late but... IT'S #FF! check out some social media professionals!
Thanks for listening. Our host is a swell guy.
I think that ANYONE receiving ANY government assistance should be subject to drug testing for their service.
Super Gay!!! RT : Rudy Gay will be the hero of the game.
Walk thru at the for #DitchFriday went well! Excited for the new area we'll be in! Eek! #Lounge is #PIMP!
just lost a $50 sale because your drive thru is not limo accessible nor walk thru drive thru friendly.
Thanks. I doubt anyone thinks either team is a powerhouse but writing this it was painfully clear how weak both sides are
My instagram is officialchristianbeadles add me
Thanks for the follow!
Everybody's getting younger/soon people won't be born
permit in da mail.
Join ICA 4 Spellbinding Sounds at St. Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N. Paulina, Chicago, IL on Sunday, November 15th, at 4:00 PM.
RT : If you're watching live, you'll need to tweet your questions, we can't access the ustream chat.
You're lying if you say you never do your homework on the Jon
At a baby shower with fabo
Tell me again what happened to K-Rod's glasses...?
Yep. Cook until you reach the level of yolk happiness you enjoy. You may want to cover it to get the top cooked.
In the recording studio sunday..
What industries or categories are a MUST for the 2013 Annual Trendscaping Report?
Tell Matt Latos that true Reds fans have his back. Only cowards send rude tweets to a guy's wife.
how much did you make?
Cleaning my room in high heels and a dress makes it way more glamorous 👸👠👗💄💎
Hey Yeah! $23 (ticket+service). I'll DM you my e-mail and we can go from there. Thx ! LOVED your show!
I need sleep.
hahaha got it!
Why would anyone ever think of getting assistance for relief when they didn't live in a disaster area or have property?
Always appreciated Mindy!!
If you're in #Portland, look to the east right now at the most-amazing orange full moon. Stunning.
Now, finally bedtime :)
I WANNA BE THE HORSE
Somehow I'm in a good mood and a bad mood at the same time.
i have been listening to wiz khalifa for the last three days.
this about me? -.-
Completed a Lifetime Wish by getting to level 10 of the Rock branch of the Music career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
If all guys are the same then why do girls take so long to pick one out?
Wow...beyond impressive!
Eat red meat with moderation is the good weight to burn fat and build muscle
If you're a rock band of any kind (metal, punk, whatever) and have obvious auto-tuned vocals on your album, I'm gonna assume you suck live.
- Thats What They All Say ...
Im a fan of P90x Results and Recovery Formula. This stuff is good.
hey are you going to bamboozle friday or saturday?
as long as someone can come get me & bring me to your house cuz we all know my dads to lazy to drive me there
I'm going to a Bechdel reading on Monday! Super excited. How are you liking the book?
How precious. Rebekah Brooks wore a penitent little Peter Pan collar to #Leveson today. Clearly, she's incapable of wrong.
and by arranging you mean planning to release summer tour info soon!
What a joke...your commercials are longer than that match for the HWC. You must pull this stuff out of a magicians hat.
#NP Potty Mouth - Tyga ft. Busta. This song should replace Rack City.
Wat should I get light pink nails or a French
You're all amazing!
Dental Care: Do eat more calcium-rich foods, such as fish and milk. Calcium is essential for healthy teeth.
Blast glee ! But listens to warmup music real low!!
Great to see you, too, Franky -- and congrats again on the new gig!
You can give without loving,
unsure, booze tho.
ABQ Poetry Slam team in the National Finals!
Any vendors know about the rules and fees associated with vending outside Wrigley?
#MyPastRelationships are the reason why I actually wait a while till I go out w. somebody, my dumb ass is scared of getting hurt. x:
is looking for people who make a difference. Submit their stories and pics under "ABC 7 Chicago Salutes" section at .
Lott says the image of Jagger strutting like a "neo-blackface soul man" is due for a revision.
Holy shit im early to work!
you crack me the fuck up
I like
Best #firstdate idea for thursday:
the new testament invalidates a lot of the old. The old is more like history
like its fine if you scroll down someones profile every once in a while.. but if you're grilling their shit 24/7, stop! Lmaoo :x
:D YOUNOW in like 5 hours omgee!!!! Hey, uhm so how's school so far?(:
I am so sleepy
thank you! We hope you can join us!
I thought the world turned upside down and the sea was now in the sky. Also, I thought of you having to drive...you okay?
Be leaders. The wise lead the blind.
Having some technical difficulties with the youtube video. Should be up later
Must of been pretty messy!
Ok everyone that is following FSO please help us, retweet this & add that we need more followers please. That would help greatly
Happy Fat Tuesday! See you at in Mesa AZ for Of Dolls & Murder!
That awkward moment when you take a nap then wake up at someone else's house o_O
I really want him to be mine but I don't know if he wants to be mine:/</3
#ItsSadThat some peoples definition of fun is going out to smoke weed. LOL. Your definetly going somewhere in life...
Seven New IBM Fellows Named as Company Celebrates Heritage of Innovation
Social security office: Thanks for only being open until 3pm, that's very helpful while trying to change my name back.
I STUDY ALL THE MASTERS!!!! "I LIKE SHAOLIN MONKS"-REDMAN"WE RUN N.Y."-DARE IZ A DARKSIDE
today was the first time I've been to olive garden and their food is freakin' insane
Rusko are u fucking kidding me
For everyone who doesn't have school tomorrow: will be open from 10 AM to 10 PM! That's a full 12 hours! WHO!
request for Stall Out
Congrats to the Cherokee Chiefs boys basketball team. Holiday tourney champs!
Chicago City Council now discussing new infrastructure trust- moved to top of agenda, motion made to close debate and pass.
hugs for the weekend :)
$25 menu: Chopped salad followed by Skirt steak with french fries and worcestershire then soft serve ice cream with magical shell
Go meet Mr. Obnoxious www.kissandim.com! xo
He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.-Louisa May Alcott
lol ikr. Its scary tho cause its dudes u would never expect lol
When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it
Snarky puppy rockin my balls off right now
Friday 4:00PM Join me under sunny skies & watch the FH High School Baseball Team play at their beautiful field of dreams @ FH Middle School.
We All Try To Swim Good...
You civilian scumbags wouldn't know this, but shootin' people dead sure works us up one hell of an appetite.
Psht not on the first date lol
Oh well that's good news snakes on crack
These dogs are barking.
Did I mention I HATE marathon Monday? I JUST WANT TO WALK HOME.
Wasting time sucks.
#random: I watch LOTR like it's the first time, every time.
submit your brand for consideration
Waiting for Bollywood movie to start.
LOVES to hear that kind of stuff. Do those boys know that book is old enough to be their parents?
I'm at Hilton if you want to connect after
RT : Remember the Future great way to understand long term ideals then logically deduce reqs. Start with vision
Being ignored, my favorite -_-
"Am I on speakerphone?!"
RT : trying to have a clear understanding of SOA registry vs SOA repository ( a lot of confusion can be found here )
you could hear a pin drop.
On the Megabus to Detroit. Bus driver craycray yet benevolent.
We totally won, 34 - 17! What a fun night at Invesco Field!!!
Good morning
better yet facebook chat me
Let us know if they help - or if they don't. That's our purpose for being here!
Yes! #BoogieNights is on AGAIN! Life is good.
get my letter?
how was your weekend.
#ufconfuel #UFConFUELTV A Kirean Zombie should never lose a fight,duh he us a ZOMBIE!
Dont give A guy somethin' u cant get back&somethin' u will regret doin' :\
thanks for the RT. big changes coming...
"Life would be perfect if hard times had fast forward buttons and good times had pause buttons"
It's always nice to workaround a server issue by writing better code
And apparently I couldn't send that tweet til just now bc I just got off the phone with her.
two thumbs 2 that, u can never go wrong when u smile...
proves that Lebron surrounds himself by cocky bastards. A person has a right to sign with who he wants. I am disappointed with Nike.
Thanks for the tip! I have to agree, so far, so good...
At Gold Dust Meridian w/my girlfriends after long day of film shooting at vintage shops in #pdx # Portland
go in the Australia ; YEAH !
we should take a picture with our cd instead? (:
I'd chose to cover that story (on twitter). So long as it didn't conflict w/ECFE class.
but you go home an hour early though, right? :-
check your dms
When you understand the WHY the HOW will answer it's self!
I will!
Is being appropriate... but inappropriate has not left the building...
Epic #Theater 's MACBETH starring Ty Jones {#SMASH] is the #NYC MUST SEE SHOW | For Comp Tickets contact & follow ---
you gotta get yourself an avatar, bro
Productive day today, the 2nd living room is coming together!
I'm very sorry. I'm working on several projects irl and barely have any free time
#travel What's your favorite destination?
We Cenanuff Tonight :-D The Rock Wins
Life is your one chance to breed a soul-download- InSpotter mobile app
To make the actual appointment not seem as bad.
Yea for sure. Really want to avoid any acrid character. I think Im gonna go pick up some coffee today.
HAHAHA OMG DOMINIC. study please ;p
Hey Rachel! Out of the blue, but I used to LOVE your fake ID blog posts. Happy to have found you on Twitter. You rock!
Hey DD What does #IUBB need to do to get back into the #BIGTEN hunt?
If facebook ever starts to show whose profiles I look at and how many times, I'm screwed
I'm going on Maury and I'm bringing 5 future-baby-daddies LoL! #ThinkingAhead :-)
Wtf.benito juarez on lock down. Some Bomber On 18th Now we cant leave school. That shit cray.
Hey, yes they eventually did (2 days ago) after two weeks with no updates. Soon as I got access I DL'd all my files to dropbox.
Open turkey day 730am-11am, and opening at 530am on black friday!!!!!!!!!
With a win over MoKan Elite, Houston Hoops 16s advance to Final 4 of Next Level Baller Spring Showcase
Photoshopping every pic u take n put on twitter or fb #yeayouugly then
What internship was it? There are a lot of internships out there. You can probably find a similar one.
Can't wait for the kpop music festival! woohoo!
I'm off to southmall guys! see ya later! ;).
The secret of success is to develop one’s intuition with devotion, logic and ingeniousness... Taglioni
who you yabberin?
Forgot my laptop at the house fucking mad now
Commentary on NYC nightlife, restaurant and liquor-related news I think might be of interest. Spread the word! Twitter SHARMALAW! thanks!!
It's been awhile guys! Thanks for all the new followers! I followed everyone back! If I missed you let me know! much love Peabodies! <3
Watching Man U vs. Wolves and Man U is CLEARLY the superior team!
yeah I was at east rock today. Would've been nice to see you.
Experienced in the wild. Do I get metrics points for that?!?
this is a question for :)
Dang I got this
Good afternoon to my Twitter Peeps!!
Need embroidered polos, printed tshirts, uniforms or promotional products for your business email us at
#IRememberWhen nick cannon had a show lol
June 8, I think.
At 28 years, woman seeks baby she gave up for adoption
don't buy any gas Sunday April 15th, its a protest day, maybe the oil companies will get the message
"Most organizations usually have tomorrow's strategy, today's structure and yesterday's people and rewards." ~J.Galbraith
endless depths. beauty masking the uninhabitable
Eavesdropping at the airport. How fortunate I am to serve people for a living.
the term "mechanically separated meat" also skeeves me
Kendall Marshall broken wrist puts serious doubts on whether or not UNC will win the title now.
Friday the 13th is literally out to get me. Honestly a little scared to leave the apartment.
Good Morning! I hope everyone had a great weekend! The build out for our new location is underway and many of the products that have been...
Whats going on with the NBA with this lockout thing? Is it true there is no basketball next season? :(
At peace. Goodnight.
I love that Rihanna "where have you been" song so catchy ! Lol
I'm also wondering if Williams will make Buddy Nix enter the news conference carrying Mario piggy-back style.
Be still and know that I am God. Sit down and shut up! God
Dolphins "All In" on Peyton Manning...not good for the Jets to be facing Brady twice, and Manning twice
Thanks dude! I'll check to see if its up sometime soon
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Neale Donald Walsch
T3: I think caregivers should adopt social media only if they want to, forced interaction would stink. They shouldn't be bullied.
glad you had a blast... Your in Indy, I'm in Louisville... We should catch a show sometime together!
Dear True Blood...what?!
Yep. Just flashed my boobs to a spider. Can cross that off my bucket list
It inspires me - the idea that one can grow and change throughout life, and challenge the tendency to cling to only the familiar.
Can I get a retweet? I am new to this whole twitter thing and looking at trying to get some followers.
My boyfriend loves me he gave me his coat so now hes walking home in a t shirt.
One person who doesn't know his/her HIV status is one too many. Text KNOW to 20222 to donate an HIV test in
How are you liking it?
I've been really enjoying Photography on Flickr. I'm thinking about making it a hobby once the weather warms up.
Photo » Photojournalism: An Introduction
I've always wanted to catch a Type O show on Halloween, it's unfortunate that I won't be able to anymore...
May Your Fridays Be Followed >>>
Thanks for the follow Shay!
Country music is the 💩
going to it now...
ready to the event! Going to be a inspirational & emotional day. I walk in honor of my grandmother Rita E Green.
thank you. I think there is more to that night that the media initially reported on. I don't know what happened myself, but
Sent over by Run Faster Mommy. Love your designs and can't wait to try them out!
These recording sessions for the Mixtape are going GREAT. Just got done with the best song that ive ever did hope you guys like it
#ReasonsToSayAmen when you find money on the ground
Put your messy morning commute into perspective. Tune in to #MixCares4Kids Radiothon to hear from patients.
just got back from lifting... just getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
I am playing in the house band at a jazz jam located at 1015 West Kirkland, Nashville tonight 8:30-11:00. Come out if you can!
tell your friend Bill that that sums up why I get so troubled about the drive by some for an impossible and unwise purity.
I'm wearing the same undies I wore when the Pack won
what is Soups record vs the crew? He always seems to dominate them for some reason
did she start after or before Drag Race?
a little better everyday. Having some downtime with Downtown today. Love you too honey. xoxox
The way people react when they see their shit is getting towed lmao!
Yes, number of households with guns and number of deaths that are gun-related
Thanks you Lilia for your very generous donation we appreciate the support!
I accept you're spit
You said i'm tired of you sadly :c
Get your game face on South Carolina! It's time to vote! Watching eagerly in Minnesota!
LOVING this crazy ass weather we're having.
Still waiting for Nadal's character to be questioned by the press or all this whining.
i will be there for sure!! i have to work until like 530 tomorrow, but ill come straight there! ill get there as soon as i can
Conversely, if companies are better at solving problems than government, then why isn't our government a meritocracy.
Oh my Jesus, just realized today's John Lennon's birthday. :D
You gotta inhale the good shit and exhale the bullshit.
its was brunch music! :)
Just Kendall and I in the office today which means punk rock and hair metal is blasting out of our hallway
We'd love for you to speak about at the National Press Club in DC - our speakers series airs on CSPAN. Please DM me.
I can't move rn b.c my dog fell asleep on me and I don't want to bother her.
really wts that !
I want to be an a capella harmonica player.
“: #ThatAwkwardMomentWhen u see pastor at the liquor store and he's not buying communion wine #JesusBeSomeGinAndJuice”
TRAFFIC - Rollover Crash - Hwy M @ Midtown Rd - 1 car involved, out of traffic
Came and fell in love!
We think Dinosaur jr would be proud. As would Boris.
Thanks. How you living brother man?
Tell the moneyteam I said what's the deal bro.
<--- no doubt you got some serious production/talent!
lol weavin thru traffic with ur weave shut in the car door
The Avengers may be the greatest movie of all time.
Thanks to my friends kindness and warm thoughts during this time . They haven't gone unnoticed. <3
and I love #SaySomethin by <3
#oomf is stalking... at least we aren't at the gym where it is uber creepy as she calls people her "husband" SMH
I'll consider your request.
Boys are so confusing...
Yep! Solana Beach/Del Mar/Encinitas.
Way too many almonds over the last 2 days. Way too many.
#lsuua the honey badger is back! 92 yard punt return for tyrann mathieu! Told everybody to calm the F down. Best team in CFB history!
Your wife made THE most amazing soup today.
Whatchu need boy? I needah hot girl!
I just prefer meat to the lighter stuff. Except cereal. Cereal is good.
It's a sunny Friday in #Seattle! My #FF suggestions:
I gatta admit, I miss us.
lets go. aha
When I ate my team ate now I'm sayin fukk the team I'm gettin me str8
Thanks for following us!
Done. I'd like to know too. :-)
ah for sure. I think I could help you out!
he takes too many plays off
Transcribing "Harry and the Hendersons"
I love #GPL day 💗
Sitting next to me bro.
I used to do that all the time...it is the best.
If Twitter shuts down I could always go back to teaching snowboarding. Until climate change comes that is.
Days like this just make me happy
I'm your hero
Sharks. So ferocious! One of natures cruel jokes, I guess.
#national #callin for
Its annoying to read celebrity tweets at times. All they do is eat sushi
This #UW #Baylor game reminds me of my youth, playing Techmo Bowl.
Walking the amazon on animal planet. Killer show if you have the two hrs. dude is nuts!
Smiles... Are over rated
DOUBLE GAHHHHHHHHHHHHH “: You probably don't even know how to use it, either. :)"
Are they toying w/ us? RT : Want tickets for tonight's game? Call 215.218.7825 or stop down at the Wells Fargo Center Box Office!
just looked it up, I'm down
Finally got my phone back after a week!
Michel Hazanavicius wins Best Director, which means The Artist will probably win Best Picture. I thought it was good, but not great.
You just retweeted Miley Ray Cyrus
You a punk , but I still got love for ya .
imagine: Austin hands you a b present, you upen it and its a braclet with #YEE on it. * he kisses you on the cheek*
... of course I didn't win, dammit!
Ah that was amazing
hey louis i love you with all my heart!! Hope u have. A greate day xo
farm animals?? seriously? was there alcohol involved?
Wine tasting 2nite from 5:30 to 7:00 in Carmel. Come get some ideas for holiday wines. Bottle & case sales.
yea really haha cool! :)
Have been incredibly productive today. Feels so good :)
None should go to the all-star game, a week off would be good...get us rested for the last half of the season!!!
I'm gettin closer and closer to reaching the top of the local charts on reverbnation then its off to conquering the global charts, Nati love
how are you my west coast friend?
Good thing the #USWNT play #Canada in 45 minutes. That's about all I can stomach of the
Why not Blood Sugar Sex Magic?
Packed house tonight at Toyota Center for Rockets vs Thunder. Let's get LOUD Houston!!! Nobody comes into our house and pushes us around.
we played hide & go seek.
Listen to my latest mixes as you enjoy your day indoors...soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
gonna de-form the humanities at
yep, it's the same!
Honored to host today for their Real Conversations event at 1:30 pm in Queally Hall. Welcome guests!
FANGIRLING TO THE MAX.
thank u
yes yes yes!! “: will I be seeing you tonight at my show?”
oh. My. Gosh. Thank you SO much for sharing this! Autism is an amazing disability because it allows people to be brilliant!
Who AM I? I AM WHO?
so mark you down with a little b&e
