George Zimmerman's attorneys tell reporters that, if they're waiting for Zimmerman to appear, "slip on out, because that's not happening."
If you were intelligent, you wouldnt need your gender as an excuse. Typical liberal.?
the Y its to hot to play outside
Saturday night live!!! HYFR! Like a boss!:)
": what! jus clicked her pic & i had no idea #oomf was so ugly, & she tweet like she badd mm mm mm" Should've expected dat!!!
thanks eve :)
Yeah, of course. That is my major criticism of it--lack of diversity. But I'm still not sure that these girls are
me too as the night goes on I keep getting hungrier lol wtf should we do
New Consumer Financial Protection Board website is up. It looks rather cartoonish & not serious. Is that a bad sign for consumers?
Thanks for the #FF shout-out! Have a rockin' weekend!
Oh Girl
How bright green my eyes are without makeup on right now >>>>>
Glad you were able to use the video! Happy #BillofRightsDay!
RT Don't be a bore! Attract and engage your reader with a confident, assertive hook in the first 1-3 lines of your article.
I rather be ya N.I.G.G.A, so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day!
The 5-10 yr vision for eLearning software is simpler. The combined skills of ID & Developer will continue to grow.
I don't want DD to go home tonight!!!!!!
When will the Copper Anvil entry be out?
Marriott to Sell ExecuStay Corporate Housing to Oakwood
"Take chances, make mistakes, get messy." -Ms. Frizzle, The Magic School Bus
good idea!!
Responded to FIRE @ 767 Lindbergh Avenue, Peekskill, NY 10566. Red Cross auto update.
yeah it is but it doesn't feel like it :-(
Two more days then off for 15. Can't wait!!!
I miss everything about you </3
no doubt. Nu La!
Very nice performance! We will be premiering a new George Crumb work next weekend in Philadelphia, "American Songbook VII"
Welcome! RT : It's official - I'm in my new digs up on the 4th floor Come say hi!
thanks Emilio. It's a blessing and a curse.
I hate hurrying up just to wait
loves google.
Overheard from run-of-the-mill cubicle dweller next to me: "I don't get drunk; I get AWESOME." Pfff. You got no idea chief.
I done left and came back and they still ain't called my #
Huntsman: What govt does needs to be recognized. Taxpayers should get their money's worth.
Am I the only one that doesn't understand Tyler Perry's humor? Laugh tracks are awful.
We need you in Concert in Orlando soon!!! When will u be back?
I'm going to be an aunt!!!
How is my baby
It was a nice moment. It's more than meeting first, like she said. I think this is for real.
+ RT : Someone who knows how to code should make a version of the Time cover where you can upload your own photo to get nursed.
oh ok. He said the background part where I say "I Got Lyrics 2 GO" wasn't in the session that you sent.
Got burrito from La Hacienda ,and then Slush Puppies.
It's about time!
gina call me & we can meet by my old house, yeah? i think so (;
Thanks! Going to be a crazy week.
i hate fake ppl:\
Just received school librarian of the year award!
That's cool with me.. But the play i'm talking about is when they were WALKING down the court and Harden got called
Lunch rush is dying down…come spend the afternoon with us!
Heading over there, tomorrow!
Lol i want more followers!:)
Under 2 minutes to play at Madison Square Garden, #UMass trails #Stanford 65-56, biggest deficit of 2nd half.
Waiting in a parking lot at a lower tier indoor waterpark for Xmas with the inlaws.
Spreading the Gospel of Love, Truth, and Blessedness
roadtrips with #pubmedia ++; altho some of the audio proc (or lack thereof) makes me cringe.. nothing sounds like home.
Seasons Change and so has Avon For the Best. Rita 404.454.1494 serving Atlanta and Surrounding Areas.www.youravon/rbrown.com
I love you...so much
never heard of it before.
thanks for the good game wishes! We lost though
& there's no where in the world i rather be,then here in my room dreamin about you and me<3.
watching your TED Talk on Motivation Guidance Counselors as we talk about their new roles in a changing education system. LOVE!
It's #cybermonday everyone! Check out sperantsa's website and order your #HatsForHope now!
who is this mandie person?
very cool now you just need a snake feather hair extension and you'll be set!
I'm starting to realize this... RT Sometimes you just have to let it go...
I love how RR has handled keeping us in the realm of Consequences without explaining the underlying Cause
I'll never understand how a woman can leave her house in the AM without showering.
First I'm hearing of it! What thrilling news! It's prior winners like you that lend the fellowship such prestige
Great Place!
3? Wow. Fun & nutty household, I'm sure.
Tried to pull my teacher in. She sent me to the Principal's Office. Principal got fired the next day.
The Downtown Detroit fireworks?
wow! You have the wild game thing nailed! I've never tried.
Started reading abook called Barefoot in November by the son of family friend. Memoir about life with aortic aneurism (John Ritter had it)
first time listener today-love, loved it!
Tomorrow night is gonna be so much fun! Then the river and swing dancing Sunday. Hope it all works out!
Brandon Williams with his glasses off, is officially, Elvin from the Cosby Show! Lololol!
watch out now, too much party
ha thank you.play my shine. Everyone and there mother loves that one
Lmaooo haha you love my best friend don't you? Don't you just wish you had such a great friend like her?
#Fletcher: bike plan..we have it, need to make it a priority.
First ballet class in YEARS! Wish me luck!!
I am going sailing.... if practice gets canceled I might cry
I hate him too. Probably the cockiest person on the planet.
#mygrandmaiscool My grandma had too much wine before midnight mass and kissed the priest full on the mouth!
Grazie does lunch!! Noon-3PM M-F stop by for #AllYouCanEat for just $9.95 (FL residents) or $13.95 (non-residents)!
My day has started
Thank you for being the best co-instructor in the whole wide world!
Really nice song's Glen keep in touch with White Crow
John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is Anti-Paul! So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions!
wohoo! You rock!
yeah Rome may be a little unprofessional but Herd's just a clown.
Time To Switch to #HBOboxing Canelo Vs. Suga on deck
Hahahahaha! That is one of the best ideas I have ever heard!
was amazing tonight on #AmericanIdol - hope it continues!
The alcohol inks seem to be lasting on rougher textured metal charms. On very polished silver charms ink can be mostly rubbed off with cloth
and by pink, I mean white :/
It absolutely baffles me that there is a #Blackwater video game but #SixDaysinFallujah can't get a publisher because it's too controversial.
yes! What time should we be there? Also, would it be weird of I wore an IU shirt?
So excited for my tasting at 's in Glen Ellyn on Saturday from 11-3..come taste some Jo Snow cocktails & soda. See ya there!
When was the first time you had #Monicals Pizza?
There is nothing more peaceful than a sleeping child.
u should wake up So can grab my car
Yes is right!!
Have a super day everyone. Right now, I'm tying up one project so another can be started ... anyone figure out that cloning process yet?
Maverick Meerkat now installing. Crossed fingers.
If you can't wait for the dessert to be shipped to you, you can pick up your gift basket in Lowell!
Breathing control gives man strength, vitality, inspiration, and magic powers. - Chuang Tzu
:-) the more, the merrier.
People will hate you, rate you, break you and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
my bad Clint I'll ease up
right when it was taken we were like "profile pic!"
#pw2012 Prosperity Works announces $300,000 Kellogg grant to start Children's Savings Accounts in New Mexico!
If I get drafted this year, it's going to be hard to have to turn down the 2012 summer Olympics.
I hope it goes well n.n!
on my way to the chi to get a piglet and a bird...
Work at the edges of your field.
So great to meet you yesterday, Joey! You were awesome in the chat! Thanks so much!!!!
Never let parents do the shopping for yah :)
#SchoolMemories This year. Spending every waking moment with my family. Especially competition and this last week.
Happy birthday to the fabulous !!!
Now reading Stephen Webb's WHERE IS EVERYBODY? FIFTY SOLUTIONS TO THE FERMI PARADOX.
thank you - i really appreciate the RTs!
The only time I'm good at something is when I don't know what I'm doing.
I know right lol
Shucks! Is there a waiting list for bottles that go unclaimed and/or never picked up?
hey, he should get his shot too
good luck with your panel!
Feel Better Jackson! RT : Send your love to your fellow Crohnies - share this post #FeelBetterFriday!
via : Anyone in a walking boot has no credibility with me. If you're so smart, why is your foot busted?
: charging my batteries and shining my rain boots!!
Do so! Last time we talked, you were fighting Kelsey.
Robert Maner he is one of my friend's XBOX Lives friend
So many Redskins player tweeting excitement for another DC team making it to the playoffs and also advancing
HM! RT more biz should do something for #ChiChat. A restaurant should invite us to sit & chat on Twitter
Page proliferation and segmentation is a HUGE problem within higher ed and Facebook. Students don't care about departments.
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...60 days left as an unmarried woman!
wow, #WIFYR is over. good times. it's helped immensely. I hope I can get a book out between now and next years' conference.
too much too soon....Mike Tyson was just overwhelmed by the flood of success. his first wife and mother-in-law only made it worse
Just had the corned beef and monte cristo
Roadtrip to OU with and Lillian can't wait to be with and momma rob
Starting to add a little Green Tea to me diet. I'm starting to feel a little like a 'Buddhist-Hippy' from Portland now.. ;)
What Happens in Verona: Last show today unless we're voted best of fest! Box office 11am, doors 1:30, curtain 2pm www.stonesouptheatre.org
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. - Arthur C. Clarke
When I try always says: "Note: We were unable to determine whether or not you have previously saved this bookmark."
(baby daddy voice) damn you all got my son all starving n shit
#EverydayIThinkAbout One Direction, all day every day! You are my life :)
Stealing this fun question from a fellow coach (thank you, Lachlan Cotter). THINGS YOU MISS ABOUT BEING A KID? Go.
You can't make someone love you, all you can do is be someone who can be loved, the rest is up to the person to realize your worth.
At Cornerstone in College Park. Kris Kross' jump just came on. I got hype, but these kids have no idea. I HAD THIS TAPE!
I love loving fireworks.
I must have missed that post. That's awesome, good luck!
good call on the mailing list. Look forward to next season.
It amazes me that people never run out of things to say on
Pancakes acquired. Now for more coffee and some work!
Not only have the pansies bloomed in the yard, but there is a HUGE bunny munching on them right now!
POSH TONIGHT FOLKS...ITS A WRAP...NO WAIT LINE FOR THE LADIES...PLEASE ARRIVE EXTRA EXTRA EARLY SO YOU CAN GET IN
there are always new buildings to put up, admin staff to hire and beutification projects (anything except putting staff wages up!)
Thanks to all the people that came out and to the establishments that hosted us on another successful pub crawl!
I love Liz.
maybe u will haha. Don't u hang with hager and the twins ?
#GoBucksGo! #BeMilwaukee! Happy Birthday Coach Skiles! Get the win ! #Beat76ers Defense Defense!! Mke fans great, Phl fans NOT!
Every time I hear Juicy, I look at myself and say damn. I'm only getting started...
New York Giants News for May 8 - Giants Football Blog (blog)
AfterEffects or Flash for an animation? It's a simple animation but I kind of want to use this opportunity to learn AE. Choices...
Maybe The Old Spagetti Factory in Trolley Square Mall?
Does everyone have their marketing plans ready for AAO? :)
Thanks for follow. Mahalo.
Woah! Thanks for the RT. Makes me feel all special and stuff... lol
You're not the boss of me :)~
I fully support that. Does the beach have wifi?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 35
And knowledge is knowledge. Thrilling for its own sake. Sorry, I'm an Aquarius.
I'm living, can't complain. You were on my mind so I thought I'd hit you up. Hope you enjoy your v-day
“: Finally getting the tabby cat that's been sleeping on my head trimmed up.” glad that we could help! Isn't Valerie the best?
I just played a second bingo in a row on my mother in Scrabble. Pretty soon you will all hear the screams of rage from Marin.
“: As a #Jets fan it's in my DNA to hate #SB46” FULLY AGREED
No problem!
#DMCA Now talking about Managed Copy.
“: After awhile shit just gets old, really fucking old”
I wanna Go shopping!
Just google the news. I think she's dating a model? Plus it's trending right now.
don't forget the tape.
I can only assume the shit-talking thread is just teeming with gossip about how messy my desk is right now. Thx a lot,
I hate how on my days off, I just sit at home. It makes me wish I was working -.-
what do you get paid for??
A. Zip up the PSD file and all specialty fonts and place on FTP or send via email
June 17th 5-7 pm Celebration! Make sure and join The City of Washington and The Chamber of Commerce on Main Street for a 6pm Ribbon Cutting!
Had a great time chatting, laughing and getting to know you more at the event tonight! Hope 2 see you again soon!
A thousand apologies for the late postings on the dedications! The dedications will be in a more timely manner starting... now. :)
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
"We the People!"
Carl Crawford to the #RedSox...What do you think the O/U Win total will be for them now with him and A. Gonzalez?
No text back? Cool, I C U.
I want to go to Florida and Cali this summer.
Happy "Mutter's Day" (phonetic spelling of how my daughter used to say it) to everyone who's a Mom or has one!
Thanks for the RT! If you're ever in town, let us know.... I'm sure we can con into bringing you in for a visit.
Right? Had to work on a Mac last week after several years away. Wanted to put my fist through the screen.
scratch that make it 6 beer events for
Good to see a celeb not act like a manaquin @ a sporting event.
California, Argentina, Washington State, Chile,
His face just looks so weird..
Hope everyones having a fantastic Memorial Day Weekend!(:
private company contracted with DOD and homeland security and military.
The only thing buried under the Vatican are dead popes as far as I know LOL
DVF is my ultimate mother figure man., she's one of the most awesome human figures in history.
Friday coffee quiz: Animal prints or floral? Discuss.
Yes. You?
I think I will stay 21 another year. The look of shock when I reveal my age hasn't gotten old yet. (Another pun, somebody stop me).
“: So love it when does worship in other languages (Spanish). Now let's do german, Thai and aussie”
3 years later.... RT : President Obama opens by blaming deficit woes on George W. Bush's Administration
haha its so rediculous, but funny, hurry and get off work dude
U know u successful when people can't stand u..ctfu I love it..
Albuminurophobia- Fear of kidney disease.
no problem<3
Do you think people will ever stop taking pictures of the baseball field from their seats?
The only reason I'm watching tv is for #Weezy106 .. he's so fine and I love his videos.. weezy finatic :-)
I hate the lakers! But don't get excited nugget fans! THAY GON COME BACK
Pooda said "pleasedo it with me"
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW YOU BACK (*-*)
I have to ask, what's SEO?
Yay! Thanks for downloading!
Drank coffee for the first time today
Voted for you last night :)
Talk about a good night :)
Enjoy the night buddy
i am so sick of this hipster-synth bullshit music.
I don't think there's any help for my story though.
i hope its national 'look like shit' day. because i look and feel the part.
I have my unconventional hat on today.
great thanks!! I just entered... so i can enter daily right?
studying for the World Cultures midterm. feeling really tired..
Thanks so much to everyone who requested us on The Local Buzz w on last night!
You too!
Oh, ! I'm using right now. Genius. Thank you for the intro!
“: “: chillin bra I gotta e-mail u a track i need u on one” ” say no mo
thanks. If it wasn't for you we wouldn't have thanksgiving
Best Planned Parenthood/Save The Children/Rainforest/Clock Tower sidewalk opening line yet: "I've always wondered: Is male modeling hard?"
Its Buffalo Bill
Finally home after some amazing days in London!! Truly extremely amazing and I love every single one of my sweet friends I shared it w/! <33
I just installed the new UberSocial for
#inmiddleschool my nails was always dirty
*correction: #WMATA web site.
#manifestAR style #augmentedreality intervention reappropriated by as educational activity ... Sweet!
I picked up some odds and ends from the 7-11 and the cashier clearly thought I was high.
My home girl told me if I ever broke This Girls Heart, She was gone go all Carrie Underwood On Me & Make a Song, Make Me Famous I Deserve It
I don't get it! Justin bieber loses some of his beliebers just because he dyed his hair brown. Why not unfollow lady gaga? She changes a lot
experts say macing people in the chest is sufficient. just sayin'. but if it must be the face, go for it... :)
HI! I recently came across your blog and am really wanting to learn how to bake bread. Any tips on how to get started? Me= Newb
Donald "Duck" Dunn left this daffy world today, bummer.
haha thanks man
"It's my world. You just a squirrel tryin' to get a nut. Now get outta here." [/Oran-Juice-Jones]
Thanks for the mention!! We luv you
Nyjer Morgan has the best interviews of anyone!
sad to see the cows go though!
Watching my 8 month old niece & 4 year old nephew all while attempting to do final reviews is freakin' frustrating.
Thank you for the mention!!
haha well i'm down for being a tester if you ever get a hangout together. I need to start using it more!
Additionally progress stagnates and drifts. Federal minimum wage in 1968 was worth $10 in today's standards and minimum remains $7.25.
Soo my horoscope called me fat today, yaaaayyyy
good news for the bucks...
I have speculated more than once what my life would be if I was in something other than advertising and public relations.
Music doesn't start with a beat. It doesn't start with lyrics. Music starts with inspiration.
I feel like going back over to Savage house, but his lil Red ass sleep SMH.
Now that I'm older wiser and less afraid of the world, I wish I could start highschool all over again. I would TOTALLY OWN IT NOW!!!!
"We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only: "Lady Hump" by the Black Eyed Peas."
Unless you get a super turbulent ride, then sleepiness turns to sickliness :) RT : A2. Party hard and u can sleep ANYWHERE
Does ESRI consider a PhD associated with a research assistant position as experience for their job openings?
Thank you, thank you very much. You're a beautiful audience.
HAPPY FRIDAY! Let’s finish the week strong!
RT : "Not everyone has potential for greatness, but everyone has potential of toughness"
Keep talking and I'm gonna start talking...
“We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing
Somehow today you'll be told you can do better. That's great. Believe it!
If there's any class that I wish I can just get out of, its piano.
When thinks she scares me.
boy you doing it big.
I am going to kick you when u see you!
Mahalo for the Tweet!
Posted photos from the pirate adventure field trip. Some funny stuff, too bad that I couldn't get video! We laughed! Also, A lost a tooth!
mkay, you're welcome ahaha :) and yeah so far I love it.❤
lol why are you up
Now how do I put a tweet in my pocket and carry it around with me for the rest of my life? :-)) TY
Again, can't stand the Cardinals, but that arch they mow into the outfield grass looks cool.
someone tweet me.
I ENJOYED MOTHER'S DAY TO THE FULLEST :-) :-)
happy birthday. Hope to see you in lexington this weekend
well unhack yourself!
I have GOT to see a launch from Baikonur before I'm launched from there :)
following the Gitelman talk from a distance via your tweets. Thanks DHers at
Anyone at New Mexico Grand Lodge right now? looking for an update...
Finally getting rid of tweetcaster..
you are beautiful too :) <3
"All this machine does is swim & eat & make little sharks & destroy straight marriages" was the original line in the script.
we love you San Francisco... and we love our Fans !!!
You're in charge of not letting people get to you. They can't pull the trigger if you don't give them the gun.
Meet Johnny the stingray; pigeon talk; aspirational aitches
SHOES,SHOES AND MORE SHOES COME IN TO CITY GEAR DERBY HERE!!! ROUNDHOUSE ADIDAS,SHELLTOE ADIDAS, AND MUCH MORE
I love a women in leggings and heels!!! 😝
New Life Counseling – Evelyn Barton - Life can be overwhelming and extremely stressful. Many of us need some guidance and/or a...
At the barber shop
haha I don't! I've gotten some scary ones, though. One guy called me "Mystery Girl." WEEEEIIIRRRD.
man, what a long couple of days, but I survived!!! still not the weekend, but i can sure use a break!
made a kube type be 35$ who wants it
In love with the song beautiful disaster ❤❤❤
ahaha okay if you say so
I've been super stressed the past few days, but sharing a salad with the dog is definitely helping for now.
I love Iggy Pop but American Idol really? Um...
I keep feeling like arguing with MRA stuff but then I remind myself that it's not histo perspectives so much as ways to be misogynist
TIME TO START LIVING
follow back? :)<3
We can't move on until we realize the horrible past thar created the present.
hell yeahh i would be too, she said no problem, be safe! <3
I can't even thank enough for everything she did today for me. She always goes above and beyond as my coach!!
#thehungergamestaughtme fight for love, no matter what it takes.
"Thank You" to you and all the team for never giving up!
When people look depressed doee <<
RT : Congratulations to on winning the Best New Artist at the #GRAMMYs!!! Be Great.
...And I gladly stand up, next to you and defend her still today. ‘ Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land, God bless the USA!
nice t-shirt!
Thanks! Happy to do it.
2/2 Also, after watching Shut Up Little Man!, I decided R Crumb wannabes are both the worst comic artists AND human beings on planet.
OH: "Hmm, 25 cent nuclear decommissioning fee."
At Spotify holiday event...
would you pick up Marshon Brooks and drop Amir Johnson?
lol he is REALLY rapping ... omg !!!
RT : And there is your dagger.
My hamster might have Wet Tail. Oh wells.
because its fake?? Haha
That is to funny :)
No one is napping in Fort #Lauderdale this afternoon as the skies fill w/warplanes practicing for the Air & Sea Show
they have not been scheduled yet.
Ashton kutcher- a job well done !!
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I need your help
The way Louis says "Harder" in Moments >>>>> My life existence
The best part of GIRLS so far: Charlie's apartment. That's some super Apartment Therapy-type shiz there.
haha I know she is brutal but yes we should be home seeing they all took work off aha but yes the Bahamas was amazing!
RT : PR Pros on Twitter - Use Hashtag #IAMPR And You'll Be Listed on the #SMPR Blog...! www.smprblog.blog.com & Aerocles.blog.com
u haven't
Ok! I will! I can't believe that this is the last week of school already.
: If I am approved to write release about it or do an interview, I am approved for SM. <--Regrettably rare.
Question: Whats your favorite local business in Baltimore? We want to know!!
us too! It's a longshot but we're giving it everything we've got!
RT #COKids featured siblings #adoption: Wonderful, active sibling group (5 children,7-13,CO) needs a family who'll adopt them.
The kid got what you deserved, he candymanned. You can't candyman or biggy smalls and not expect that - Troy Bartow
gives the skinny on the "esteemed" International Graduate University, which takes up space w/o doing much near Potomac...
What to do what to do
Well we really are going to disappoint, aren't we?
Early Dismissal .(:
A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for drinking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.
I think someone should be dropping subtle hints to Toni Morrison that calling herself ToMo is the way to go.
it's okay though .. right?
Shane Mosley is taking a beating right now
kate I'm really happy you have a tumblr and less hair and these types of life choices
shake it off, its playoff time
Anybody like Sleeping Giant? Or In the Midst of Lions?.... Or Gideon?
watch out for idiots swinging hand weights. and shelves that appear out of nowhere
GOP more unpopular than Dems. Yet people still voted GOP. Like high schoolers who don't want prom king to be class president too!
Closely with me
well its nice to meet you. i dont give out personel information though.
When someone follows me and i dont follow them first, i fall in love with them.
"If there are self-made purgatories, we all have to live in them. Mine can be no worse than anyone else's." -Spock, "This Side of Paradise"
That's so true! Swapping is so fun and exhilarating, esp the first time. And if you bring 5 people you can swap for free!!
But more stalkerrific!
First break of the night and all I can think about is quitting time...6 and a half hours away :-(
Cops say Obama protesters already showing up on the south gate of Buckley. Cops gearing up to monitor them.
Not a pretty game
For my #ivf tweeps....did your RE ask you to go on BCP the month before the ivf cycle?
exactly right.
Ok ill check it out..... S/O
May 1st @ 7:30PM (PST) LIVE STREAM ON FOX SPORTS:: National All-Stars vs. American All-Stars. For more info, visit www.hsaaa-classic.com
The term is "Shawshanked" via and I always get sucked in by Blue Streak
too early to make that call. It's all or nothing for Rangers this season.
Olive oil is SO expensive!!
Okay I refollowed you :)
Oh and my one year anniversary of having this twitter is coming up this month! ah okay. Goodnight yall (:
I should probably go to bed...AH FUCK THAT IM STAYING ON TWITTER! ;)
enjoying the sun during my break
Last Day to get 50% OFF at The Irishman Pub. Follow us for all our weekly
Plans are inert and useless without sufficient power to translate them into action. ~Napoleon Hill
"Emma Watson: "young women are told they have to be a delicate princess. that's bulls**t. if I were a princess, I'd be a warrior princess."
I want to cry, I have all of a sudden got loads of spots on my chin. Life = over
Half off all bottles of wine & draft beer today!
Tough loss tonight. Poor coaching really hurt
YOU DONT KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL <33333
Thanks Travey! your so sweet! hows your week going? =]
Kimberly Reeds documentary Prodigal Son is one of the best DOCS I've ever seen and it is coming out soon. Look for it
Death stares in the daytime. Nicey nice in the nighttime.
my mom: wow, 18 years and your still walking around naked. me: lol yea its gonna keep happening too.
80% of agents making more than $100k use video
Brazilian style
I didn't get a D/L link. Is there one up yet?
it kind of goes too far. People starting to bleach their ass crack and intimate areas.
Reason why Avengers was ass? No Spiderman.
What would happen if the combined jdate and Christiansingles?
I know a lot of beautiful women wit low self esteem
Guess who doesn't care about your law school exams?? Me.
Weather nice out 2day...think I'ma chill doe
yet another thing youmedia got right
": told you last night that the new preview was fire!" <3
working out today! im giving myself 90 days to lose 15 pounds getting my
awesome... pity you're teaching it so far away ;)
So proud of my little cousin :) #8thgradegraduation #4.0 love you more than you'll ever know!!
a year ago, this would be a good performance for the Knicks. Fans, be happy about that
u put a few scratches on me.... i'm bruised...
hey what time are you and the queen coming in....call me 503-502-4425
Just when there was too much beauty & style for one room to handle, Kristen Stewart arrived & brought us all back down to earth.
AGENT THAT CONTROL THE DARK WORLD. IF THE ALMIGHTY GOD OPENS YOUR EYES TO SEE HOW POWERS OF DARKNESS OPERATE AGAINST HUMANITY
you show me yours and I'll show you mine!
thanks for understanding I'm still a die hard ICONiac I do go on twitter a lot actually just never post ....
uh, does that make "stealing" second base illegal??
4A State Baseball Playoffs at All-Star park today! It's a perfect day for watching baseball games...anyone headed up there?
Buccos in business...Unlike Terrell Owen's accountant
Hello Stephen, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
I'm so sad that Amendment One passed y'all. I'm gonna stop by Bojangles drive-thru on the way home and soak my sorrows in Bo-Berry biscuits
Bridesmaids should have gotten a best picture nom. The academy has no sense of humor.
#GoTribe Let's go #Tribe, beat the red sox!
not pouring, just attending. We are working on our re-launch so waiting to do events until our new brand is out there.
330 am. Wide awake. This book. Oh my this book.
anything you're looking for in particular?
this girl talkin all fast giving me a mf'n headache
That #lobcity from Paul to Jordan over 2 Grizzles was pretty sick.
well than stay in ya box in the alley way
Good enough!
Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there - Virginia Burden
Reggie the Reckless is kickin' ass and Pam is lookin' good!
love it!
I got hired haha
"There is therefore now no condemnation to those who r in Christ Jesus, who don't walk according to flesh, but according to Spirit." Rom 8:1
>Quote: Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority. Tom Hopkins
HAHAHA! Yes, to clarify.... an 'actual" douche. :)
happy birthday
Had a delay on my iPhone they couldn't swap it out today so gotta wait later this week
What ever happened to respect?? These females get turned on by being called a bitch and a hoe..smhh only this generation
Every few months I have the need to research "Trainspotting"
RT RT! Some cereal would go hard as fuck right now.
We need to work on alot of things.
Seeing Jason at Wal-Mart made my day. :)
I hate these damn frogs outside my window!!
Im going to attempt the impossible!..... Waxing myself in my nether regions!
I cannot wait to FEEL the bingo with Tim tonight. Awh yeah that felt so good.
at the art libraries society (arlis) national conference in boston
The benefit of closed networking? You own ur category, so no competition. We've a tight-knit grp of vetted professionals focused on growth.
If you're gonna try, you're gonna fail. It's how someone reacts after failure that makes them a success story.
Silly other planes distracting me.
if you sit close to field with kids, might wanna choose glove over being cool. It might help.
shout out to martha ruiz
RT : Less than 5 minutes til on live interview about Walk Across America!
glad your ok... Enjoy the morphine while it lasts
#WoW Update: NCsoft Aims To Break The Static Online Game Mold With ArenaNet's Guild Wars 2 - Forbes
that teamtweetallnight sign was awesome!!!
Just got home from city place in palm beach had so much fun!!
UFC's sells pro fighting at #varietysportsbiz summit.
Arary McGowan (Arary_McGowan) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
it really is.
The wind is howling, the snow is falling sideways, the home internet is down and I am officially on #snowverload now
asking all them questions lol...
roll tribe
Lol yes! RT S/o to for throwing up on my foot in pigskin
Been a busy day, finally time for meet to meet up with my pillow n blanket n call it a night...
Blazers just ran all over the Suns. We could do damage in the playoffs
in my eyes your everything .. but in your eyes, i'm just a fan.. now
Fed up of people being pissed off with me and not telling me. Grow some balls and just tell me what I've done.
RT Who are some fab chicks? I'll tell ya!
So how does it feel 1 day after winning #DWTS? So thrilled that u won J.R., you certainly deserved it ! Happy Thanksgiving !
Follow its myo big bro
Can You Can You Follow My New Page :) ?
your dog looks like a giant stuffed animal...
Join us 4 gr8 ongoing #wine ed today @ 12pm EDT. We're talking up the surprising diversity of #Chardonnay...don't miss!
DOES HCG REALLY MAKE YOU LOSE WEIGHT?????
Good morning everyone ! Don't we all wish it was summer already .......
Omg I get to see my husband ( ) in 8 days ah holmdel is going to se the best concert eva #Bizantchies lmaoo
I'm talking about those annyoing, loud ass niggas
After all that you take the ball out of Brees hands?? Crazy.
Just stoled an orange
I don't know you therefore I will not "txt you"
Chillin w/ Molly tonight. I haven't seen her in a week ._.
what time at the kca's coming on??
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone. ~BlaisePascal
Thanks for the follow back.
RT RT: benefit show was asuccess! Thanks 2 for being such a huge inspiration!
Im Nothing But Trouble Baby.,
"I use to be 'Hangin With Mr.Cooper. Now, I'm Hangin with H.H.A! Holistic Healing & Alternatives. Holla." ;-)
Thinking about using in the wildcat next season. Why? Don't ask questions.
We'd love to have you at the Boston #Cleanweb Hackathon next wknd (May 4-6) to continue the #startlabsSGH momentum!
I never ever wanted to be nobody else but myself!
I don't #kissandtell, my friend. :) (JK) RT : so hey what other Twitter Account(s) are you behind?
What's up twitter world
stop Apologizing We Good :)
Last night I attempted a front straddle whip on the flying trapeze. Blindfolded. In tights. This morning I realize I have a strange job.
Id Rather Be Out Somewhere.
If you have questions about our programs please email us at or call us at 713-380-KIDS.....
awww shucks! Thanks for the Mandonna love!
Also miss my hometown of Downey. :( I'll be back in late June like every year.
With a ghetto hood name..Her husband, got the electric chair for something he probably didn't do... falls into the arms of a redneck racist
2 hours 51 minutes until the "SERVIQUE Movement" hits #Milwaukee ; are you ready?
You're so old Lara :)
a puss? That sucks! Haha
#NeverBe afraid to express your true feelings
Another computerless person settles in at the table. mla12
Happy Mother's Day!
Follow Me??Please!!(Wait I'm Just A Normal Fan)PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!
Hey #Autocorrect. As a rule, i'll never text the word "thong" to anyone, ever. So if u could just replace it with "thing" ... always. Thx!
That sounds like our kind of holiday shopping!
you can with proper supplementation
Thanks for retweet! Any assistance to promote RECYCLING is appreciated. Go to www.Americarecyclesday.org and make pledge.
RT - Dear Cleveland, The Browns, Indians, Cavaliers, and every other sports franchise associated with your city SUCKS. sorry
so how did you know we had grape leaves today?
any chance of an Undeadguy Ale for my burger joint ?
Whenever you think about giving up, think about why you've kept going for this long.
you can buy damn near anything on amazon!
Lemon Lime Gatorade will be served on our courses for the 2010 races!
if they beat michigan i dont care at all.
You wanna Fuck with my game we'll be bringin you the pain ...that will never change
Blue jeans, white shirt. When I walked into the room, you know you made my eyes hurt. 💙
Making my way thru the 800+ songs on the #sxsw bittorrent. So many great bands I have never heard of. A little jazz hiatus till after sxsw.
Thats my job of course
Landing softly.
Shoutout to for Golden State. SMS just gets it. No chest thumping there.
not the lexus club bar.
As a biz owner, I think they have successfully alienated an entire segment of their customer base.
and now I have Hakuna Matata stuck in my head... ... "It means no worries for the rest of your days!"
need a recent bio ASAP. Also, do you have blurbs?
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right. -Henry Ford
Almost 70% of entering college students support marriage equality. No longer if, but when.
Shame on whoever called Mohamed Sanu and told him he was going No. 27 overall to the Bengals. He's a good kid and doesn't deserve that.
Dr. Gregory Hunter at ARMA Boston today: RM is about storytelling.
I can't watch political shows because sometimes they are complete nonsense. Changing channel.
Getting hungry, need breakfast stuffs.....
On October 3rd he asked me what day it was. "it's October 3rd."
Prince Daniel: It's a princess!!! Swedish
Make sure to check the safety record & features when buying a card.
“: Yes, I'm from Tennessee. No, I am not stupid...No, I am not married to my cousin.” it's twitter official
friday && thank you .
about a potential business relationship. We are currently working with new talent in the regional area, and are now expanding. Hope you...
You will keep your job & retire from there..
I luv me a thick chick wit a nice slim waist and a whole lot of ASS dammnnn
Oh at a hotel :) How cool. I'm gonna drive up and check in mmk? Got a free room? Haha and yes! Major money saver for sure!
Wisconsin is called the Badger state because people would have made fun of "The Gasser State."
I feel like I am back in the military. Knocking this #WorkOut gettin more done b4 9am then most be # all day
you'll be happy to know that my Tweeting activity has recently picked up, which bodes well for my blog.
hey sir! May I please have an email for u or Tango?? Thanks :)
love your bio. do u know xpression Cornbread Mafia?
Nothing says summer like a Rootbeer Float... Come try our newest specialty cocktail!
Thx baby! Hope this isn't like the last 3 times I announced I was officially back 2 living/working on Twitter & jumped ship stat
Want to buy jewelry for that special someone? Use today's deal to get 60% off all regular priced jewelry at Precision Jewelers!
... Going to bed early .
RIP Smokin Joe. A true legend.
RT : Obama: Tonight, I call on every State to require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
I may be inebriated enough to play pool.
you need to hear the 2 singles I have produced for London
your beautiful(:
ain't that the truth. Get on Gchat today would ya? I'll be on in an hour.
oh hey
I just got the BEST non-living mother's day gift EVER!
If un/other-schling, there's no place to "escape" from. Not giving up; choice to direct energy to creation, not "fixing," escaping
MCA :( Like a lemon to a lime, a lime to a lemon.
BEST fudge recipe. I usually use semi-sweet, tho. Is milk choc that much better? Not TOO sweet?
I have a lot of life in me so let me live .
i admire your thoroughness =)
“: In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected after for good luck”
Work lunches, school parties, we've got you covered. Call Jason Suain at 770-851-2236 to choose your trays.
I care about Andy and Champion and I want Leslie to win and I like sleeping.
ah! why are you by my house!?! actually though all the logan hipsters are pretty clean. those ones must be from wicker park. :D
RT : All day sessions redesigning Digital Imaging & Internet Studio classes. Refocusing on idea quality/execution, tools=support.
So excited to be playing a gospel themed set live on WWOZ Easter morning! Can I get an amen y'all?
Who starts a conference at 7am? Urgh.
Hey Scarlet pls follow me back :)
Wtf is everyones problem!? I agree with u...
U ate steak and potatoes for dinner and ur kids ate boiled pnuts.#im calling D.C.F
thx! When will u B in? RT : I lk yr "MO" & just made reservations. Looking forward 2 it...
What frequency of face-to-face interactions between Dr.& patient are needed with new patients to create a functioning "relationship"?
Hope to see/hear both of you playing that new gibson in Portland some time soon.
Perhaps. But if you're getting pho in South Central you're probably doing it wrong….
ha! I'm honestly afraid to get a dog because I'm sure it will like E way more than me and I don't want the rejection!
Life is a Haiku A handful of syllables Arrange them wisely.
Happy Birthday Pretty lady!!(:
Judith Hellerstein #ISOCDC roundtable on corruption: Can World Bank get citizens with smartphones crowdsource audits? Agerskov: Yes. Trying
I would love to do a shoot for your mag sometime
Sitting in a class full of smart people is never a good time.
You're not very good at twitter.
not really
working outside downtown and enjoying the weather!
I heard George Clooney got arrested for method acting.
Huge shout out to tonight--nothing but love for ya guys!
Hahahaha!!!!!! Hilarious, so funny. Yes, its funny because it's true.
I love making everyones days into enjoyment of full hapyness rather then sadness ;)
Does Tony Lucca have a son or a daughter? *so confused*
I want to give you the Gas Card. No winner tonight. Saturday's Ten at 10:00 is now $150.
Hello Mr. phillip phillips! Woooh
The view-sharing and the photo taking are both wonderful and terrifying at the same time!
He knocked him out of his shoes! WTF!
Yay I got a second job. He hired me on the spot!
RT I need. a friggin massage!!!
ACME just renewed me for a 2nd cycle at 1/2 scale. I got a good agent.
Scan of day's news reveals that Wild Turkey's tagline is 'Give em the Bird' Just might do that.
yea you are..,.
Bitch move from the sunlight l hate the smell of burning plastic.
we have enough for the metro
I'd love to know why i've had a migraine for 2 days now..
#iHateWhen my lane is the only lane the slowest drivers on the planet get in on the freeway
Great final show, Conan.
Has Barnett been officially cut yet?
#TheThingIHateMost is when the tattoo artist messes up the tattoo. RT if this has happened to you!!
LMAO, dont forget the beverage to wash it all down! RT Last meal as a twenty-something: 4 soda crackers and opiates.
the wrong side. all day everyday.
Website is finally finished. Check out www.scottJlurie.com
I want to be writing today! Not breathing paint fumes in a moldy, noisy apartment for the sake of paying off ominous bills.
Love #GCB on ABC! Texas to the T!!
"Pass the Mic" would definitely make my top 5. "So What'cha Want" is also a damn good track, and would probably make my top 10.
I started following you when you posted your name on FB
But im taking it step by step!
12 consensus in CFB today from picks by 170 cappers end up going 9-2-1 and that's is about as good as it gets at the sports eye
2, 3 or 4 bands. What's the best way to do a rock show?
I've been working, keeping busy as ever. Msg me lets catch up soon! Btw, what came of that film we shot, "Imperial Conquest"?
I am loving today :)
Can I have a mulligan? Lol...rain never tapered off...likely to continue for much of the evening.
I think I just went crazy.
I swear #Adele is one of the most ravishing and delightful beings to ever exist.
what resort is that?? Awesome!
Grant - how are you doing this evening???
Just learned that at least 6 past SYTYCD dancers are going to be part of the #DWTSLV show. I'll do a post with details soon.
Best break ever <3
Too cute!!!
More Tops on Twitter
This building is Verizon territory but Comcast is cheaper. They're not open until tomorrow AM but will call then.
En route back to Home Sweet Home Chicago! So privileged to live there.
Omw hopefully lol if the car works... Umm better still be home juan lol
come at me bro
Shouting to MSU for not bowing down!
CEO of Next Alternative, (N4H.de) has relayed that the firm's Emulsion-Fuel is among the most potent formulas due to Carbon Nano Tubes.
i love <3 forever
“: It takes 21 days to make or break a habit. If you start today, you'll achieve success by March 6th.”
lol. All the ones I've messed with always r & do. XD lol!
I love making notes just so i can doodle funny pictures of stupid things that happen throughout the dayy!
I really enjoyed GreenFest!
I totally agree! RT I would hope has space for Jason heller and his book "Taft 2012" seem right up their street :)
Yes! I had it this morning for the first time and it's awesome!!
Great oped by Karan Bhatia on APEC and free trade. See : http:huff.to/d8Hk1o
Just got emailed about the aws competition. Looking forward to that and Orlando. But first some other trips. Grateful!
So excited to cover #nycfashionweek !! I cannot wait!!
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other.
Let me call Brittney.
Riveting presentation by former FBI agent Ali Soufan on victories of "informed interrogation"
Pee isn't directly related to wine, although we all have to go after drinking a few glasses, but it's sad to see grown adults fail to wash
Seasonal Affective Disorder is seeming less and less like a phony white-person syndrome.
Ah! The new Lip Service is up! Nobody bother me for the next 56 minutes.
Why couldn't the Heat just sweep the knicks
smoke me out
Pretty warm out here #dry heat
it ain't nothing serious
The Region 11 panel is taking a break.
i'd much prefer that it weren't ten thousand degrees outside today. alas.
i listend to it yesterday!!:)
Go for a walk with your dream. Spend time with it. Ask it how it's doing and how you can help it grow.
can you share the clip or the site. Have a great day
I hope I dont spam if I tweet his music to celebrities that tweet and RT fans imma do a couple to get him famous :)
i hope ur hungry, pilgrim.
well, imma go. bye.
thanks for a great show last night! Had so much fun, come back soon.
I know the feeling in this moment.
YES brunch and most romantic! RT : HEY did I see on that you have the brunch MOJO?
It's National Walking Day! Join us & downtown at noon at the World Trade Center for a celebration and walk.
Amazing DVD about your career!
Allison and I just saw Mud and died! It was amazing! Go see it!
Adele sets fire to the rain. I'd love to see that.
I'm not happy anymore paying for your "Evening #Netflix Congestion". I will cancel my service this week. (via )
Who's excited for #summercamp?
Scanner traffic fun dispatch of the night: "Caller's intoxicated wife is being disorderly and is pointing her finger at him."
A good lighting plan is key to making your basement an inviting gathering spot.
Discuss trends in retail and non-traditional outlets in Retail Sales in a Shifting Market -- Session starts NOW in O'Neil
My fucking sister and bro <3 !
I did! follow?
You have to be skilled enough & trained hard enough to know how many ways you can counterattack in any situation, at any moment Jimmy Smits
record store day one week away!
my friend Jackie says hey!
When did the History Channel become the dumbest channel on television?
Vincent will be recording guitar and we may possibly track vocals as well this Friday 13th if you still want to join us
I say what i want(:
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Babycakes Cupcakes! All Caring Club members receive 10%...
Hate those days when your iPhone is at the verge of dying ):
Growth Pearl: Mending a broken heart requires positive attention on the heart. Join the Calm Heart community for support. -...
I just want to scream every profanity I can at the top of my lungs… Problem is, I'd run out of words before I felt better
Happy Tuesday! Starting the makeover on my chairs that I found on the side of the road! Bought some awesome fabric this morning! :)
Good morning everyone. Jeremy & I are moving to a new place and we've been busy last few days.....cleaning, painting, reason I've been MIA.
Thanks, Tim you made some great points on using government as a platform to collaborate with others to solve global solution
Unreal, what a finish! Going to be incredible 2nd leg next week.
I'm not making no breakfast lunch or dinner sound good thou
that bitch!
Good luck!
do you want to? :)
Bought 's Food Revolution Cookbook after watching tonight. Checked it out from the library but just had to have my own copy!
Copyright office finally mailing me a certification government likes to take their time
of course!!! Lets do this!
how much longer will he be in the big house?
good luck to all those running in the Broad St. run! I will be far away from the chaos :)
No offense taken! It's something we think about. But the ENP was a lifechanger for me at 25, so we wanted to give...
It just takes the life out of you : Q3) Rule 1: No Powerpoint...EVER. #lrnchat < powerpoint doesnt kill people... :)
- Great photo of you on the cover of Credit Union Business Magazine, Ondine. Can't wait to read your article.
congrats. I'll bet you crushed it.
These cookies took me 2 1/2 hours to make. But they are pretty good.
Congrats to all my friends graduating today. So proud of you all - and jealous. Mostly proud though hehe. 💛💙🎓🎉
haha I did too(:
girl, I miss you too. We have to hang out soon!
Take stoglin out. Taking the ball uncontrollably to the hoop without a pass is not the way to play.
#VMware pricing itself out of the market You want me to pay what for your licenses. Sorry no way.
hate school!
Thanks,Lindsay! Looking forward to #blogtrends chat tonight. Looks like a great one. You guys are killin it! See you there.
Just caught that! :) Saw several cabbies out today when I was running up to my store to look for something.
Bonnet had a running start and still hit him like a bitch
Perfect description. I have those days, too. Not today, but not infrequently.
thank you so much!
Thanks for getting out the word about the Yoga Aid Challenge!
ion think u know me shorty I just think you sexy so I followed u
doing ankle exercises for this chronic sprain lol and I don't think I made it better
Love is a math problem thats why its so hard to divide
Since when is it cute to announce that you're horny?
HOMIE!!! DO YOU LIKE MY SHIZ OR NOT?? IF NOT THAT'S ALL GOOD, NO WORRIES
He prob asked Brittney out RT :Why does have such a hard time saying good things ablout him?
you took me off your page, how childish..its twitter
I just came accross an article on what you're doing with I just wanted to say it's really inspiring!
I love shanika Jackson so much
Seattle's Discovery Park is closed following a cougar sighting. Wildlife agents are setting traps. (via ) never happened in NJ
Why were you calling 911?!
help me get 55 or more followers on instagram; Johannax33 <- follow me(:
LOVED the last scene of #gossipgirl ... Hoping the writers keep it up w/their shortened last season!!
Why does my work computer always freeze when I need it most?
Sleazy bb sex planned tonight and I'm the token bottom.
And our #charter cable isn't working again. Hasn't worked right in months. Low signal on mid numbered channels. So frustrating!
switching to beer will commence at 5 pm
New York border!
me too but fell for it
dylan holland. Lol idk if u figured out already since this convo ended a long time ago but thats his name. haha
D-line is depressing me. I would have thought the Pack would have really really wanted to hit him. I certainly do. Give me some fuckin pads!
Why does he look so good?! :-/
re:100th follower - REALLY hoping it's not sex-kitten-london...then again, maybe that might not be a bad thing...
Must not be bespoke... No, I don't have a clue what that means.
Not long to go before Last Night at the Proms at #Newark Palace Theatre Get your tickets for 28th January!
whoop! whoop!...lol... been meaning to write something about that & more, but haven't gotten to it. i will soon, though :)
that statement makes me feel as though I am in sone weird parallel dimension because it sure as hell doesn't match my reality
Yay I have some flan in my fridge :)
So sad to hear of Gary Carter's passing - will never forget the exuberance with which he played. RIP, Kid.
Good to see my brother back on the NY side of things
awesome job!!! I'm guest tweeter for your tweet made me think of a clue. I'm an honor student,know who I am?
you're very welcome baby.
Reis is actually only worth 4 points on its own
When no one tweets you <<<
oooooweeeee IM on the radio tomorrow!!!!!
And so it was told about storybook romancing & engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in "Real-Time".
your posts keeps me entertained and awake at work lol
Food is essential when studying! RT Ladies who brunch
u know nothing abt living mas
Good morning so tired lol
any way you guys can get a hash tag going for all of these winners?
To go out tonight or stay in.
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
I'm sure someone whose personal worth could sustain me for 10,000 years is just being misunderstood when talking about the poor.
just tweeting from my room.. youre the best for this!
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
The amount I'm about to fall asleep is primrose daisy cups mounted on a silver spoon.
maybe idk yet
Oh, I'm not a virgin.? Tell me more about how you know about my personal life.
Beatrix Potter was born this day back in 1866.
New January Specials at Advanced Skin and Body Solutions! Click on the "Specials" link to the left to see what we are offering this month.
starting a new job on Tuesday.. first permanent full time job ever. Pretty excited.
thts kool so wht time is it over there
“: VIDEO GAME LOGIC: Everyone worst than you is a noob and anyone better than you has no life.”
like dead fish and beer water. Delicious!
Just finished reading #TheBookofMormon cover to cover.
One Direction on MTV always makes me happy!
Wasted my gas.... TWICE
you are beautiful you know why?
#cough nah I don't #cough ;-)
today: smoked the half of the half i had left... i feel like i got cancer already lol
you are very welcome. :)
At a coffee house with friends. A guitarist is performing and I can only describe its as Huck Finn-esque. I like it!
RT": Everyone, this is where I'll be after work. Happy Hour anyone!? RT : I'll be at Blue Water Grill 2nite at 7pm!"
Uptown on the Ave. Just ran into an old neighbor told him bout basketball event on May 19. He calld another friend who home to ball
Hawks are gettn shitted on, awsome game to be at
Finally back to school! I'ma be honest, I missed having something to do... Time to find out if I made it into Women's Choir(:!!!
How is life? Strapped for time, or cash? Let's talk about a residual income business! www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
everyone is enjoying the pies :)
lol he kinda looks weird!
Finished listening to STARTED EARLY, TOOK MY DOG by Kate Atkinson. Magnificent!
Of school, work or both? RT : a day off -.-
Bout to go to bed tho.
Aight Jacksonville NC here we come. Over night drive.
just so. The perfect moments (Heighway->McDermott) live in our dreams, the imperfections give us hope for dreams to come.
me too ! I was curious if I would miss his first song
weird! :p some people are like that though.
Those are the fried biscuits-n-gravy sticks. They come with syrup. Hold me back...
Breaking down the barriers that define who we are, generalizing us as inferior.
Happy Sunday ok y'all need to stop playing and LIKE our fan page after/before u got to church god like when people do nice things
AW YEAH 69 likes
I'm ready to go to Texas Tech bro real talk
well I'm gonna sleep anyways. Aha GOODNIGHT MUMMY
Wednesday nights are my favorite 
cincinnati welcomes you with open arms and I can't wait to see what you do from here what you do now is amazing
look I think the two standing should be Joshua and Phillip and then Phillip win... Joshua has a deal already on the table with Jimmy!
Longest week ever..
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
Even when it all just falls apart, I will run to You, Cause I know that You are, Lover of my soul, Healer of my scars, You steady my heart..
Alcohol. Dogg this shit is re devil.
Why are X-Files fans such pricks? It was a great show for 5 years then it turned into crap, quit acting like it was the end-all of sci-fi.
Answer: yes, part of next steps RT are annotations stored as structured data, or just unstructured notes field?
[2Tim3:16-17] All scripture is given by FatherGod & is profitable for doctrine+reproof+correction that we may be perfect+full of good works.
$3000 that is a pretty good profit.
Gong meditation tonight at yoga village....always perfect.
If Usher's "Scream" is any indication of the fun times this weekend at Derby Sanchez, AdMo better watch out
You are the land. The land is you. -Merlin
The city is mine
Accident. someone went off the boniface off ramp om the side of the bridge.
I know but still :p <3
Broke my mp3 player today. Don't want to replace it with an Ipod. Need storage & bookmarks. Internet would be nice too. Any advice?
She said I dig you baby but I got to keep moving on
ill show you how to shut it... :)
Cinemax type of night
Her > weed
My entrepreneur vs job score has a difference of 6pts. Hm...
Women are now no longer worried just about financial security, but are looking for life experiences and the ability to be themselves
heart goes BOOM!!! :) Can't wait to see more. Definitely in the top 3 greatest nights of my life.
keeping busy with my internship and final projects for school, counting down to graduation and figuring out what to do next!
23 days of school left!!
Woke up early, found interesting job leads, rode the bike all over then yoga followed by veggie bowls at Pho 95 with a bestie.
I'm done studying again.
You're sleeping with the cats tonight. Oh, yeah. The cats sleep with us.
Hoping for a packed #yoga express tonight at 5:15pm! 45 mins of fantastic in greenfield.
even Jenny is always asking for u big Brotha
god willing and the creek dont rise yes!!!!!
what was the nature of her illness?
It's the green chile that makes it so good! RT : Why are green chile cheeseburgers so good?
Get ready!!! I am announcing the name of my new radio show on at noon est. As well as who my first guest is.
#yourebeautiful just the way you are. don't change♥
I wish I had - he was attacked by an angry mob. Hilarious!!
My whole day has been terrible, now it's ending terrible :(
Learning about the benefits of from about.me co-founder at
ty Brianna for all your amazing music!!
#old97s rocked tonight! Great show @ turner hall!
Whenever you call a fan do you call them private? If you dont they can get your # and share it with other people ;0
Passing the torch off today.
Ppl are always saying tomorrow will be better. My question is but what about today?
I keep my relationship low key. Face it, people don't really wanna see you happy & they'll do their damnedest to fuck it up.
when r u coming to NYC :,(
very funny movie, but 21 Jump Street is even funnier!!
Teens, let your voice be heard at the Kingsbridge Library's Teen Advisory Group! Today @ 4pm
No Money required--Just a belt! Raise His Pants, Raise His Image belt drive; Goal 150belts 4 SE Wash, DC school.Challenging all twitter fam
Thank you ! Just got the pkg you sent to my shop. So awesome. Wish it was still Christmas ;)
Going for an MRI this morning, why do they make these machines so small?
Does anyone have extra dice? Trying to combine truth or dare with craps. Still have no idea what "8 the hard way" means.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali"
He who loves not wine, women and song remains a fool his whole life long. Martin Luther, 1777
At The Parlor Market in downtown Jackson and I must say, I'm impressed. This menu would look great in NOLA or New York.
and you'd think they'd get beat up enough not to name their own sons that, but no. There are at least 3 Sackfields.
i have and i LIKE it!!! just sent you guys a note on facebook, write back yo!
Seau was the best to come out of the #760. Salute on your journey soldier.
i think this one is harder than the show choir final -_- . so many dang songs!
Welcome to the wild wild west.
The Twitterverse is quiet in my world. But I AM in Mexico :-) Yes!!!
like.. it's baseball. that stuff happens.let the guy throw more than one inning before you wanna cut his throat out.
so they do actually check for those, good to know.
- Thanks for the RT!
thank you love!<3
cannot wait for you to MURDER it on Friday.
Bill wins! Experience triumphs over youth
i just got a music pool getting mad ish right now!
Every clue starts with the letter B in today's crossword. It only took me 3/4 of a completed puzzle to notice.
i wanna go to! you never invite me :(
LMAO probably cuz you are blonde! but lol try something...you HAVE to have an aim!!!!
Seams like most of the top 11 picks have been from the SEC. So go ahead and preach bout the big 10 ;)
Official Study Declares Health Benefits of Chocolate, Just in Time for... As a result of this news, Gift Basket Ideas, Inc. now stocks a
Didnt u bring chantix or gum or patches?
The #supermoon brought out some extra crazy in Downtown L.A. tonight. In a strange deviation from the norm, none of it was on the Red Line.
Anyone doubting the status of employment in the US should go to an #unemployment office. All ages, genders, races here and it's packed.
Thank u for your reply! Looking fwd to your help getting services & paychex 2 Raleigh staff & cmty!
Zombie Prom + Happy Hour this year, join us, get sum delicious jello brains in ur cocktails! $30 tickets www.fremontstudios.com
Dominic Banks at Extreme Training is offering group classes! Premier training facility in the Pearl email
Don't forget to keep #TheCN at the top of your list when considering another #LMS that better suites your needs!...
Who would've thought, I'm actually getting sad about leaving
Blake Lalli making his MLB debut. Wonder what happened to Castillo?
#confessions: "Hard to be a vegetarian in the #South" & "I do eat bacon" - Kimberly Williams Paisley
RIGHT?! CAPS LOCK IS FOR STUDS.
Going to class at 6 pm is always such a struggle
Hey there, RB! Thanks - Our FL Chapter Board of Directors elected me to Chapter Chair(wo)man just three weeks ago. :-)
the way that you toss your hair gets me overwhelmed : D
Ever wonder if the kids who tag the walls of the blue line train realize they're straddling certain death just inches from 3rd rail?
Uhh YEAH I wanna roll with :)
Probably would have more community outreach staffers and fewer PR suits.
My dog opened the front door and got out I have been chasing her for a while now
Oh my gosh Cameron, you got a haircut! (I bet your mentions are filled with this, hahaha) :)
thank you do much! can't wait to stop in today!
My respect for you is now huge. YOU ARE A WINNER xoxo
Right... Lol! U ain't been in since Saturday before last Saturday.
Haha this lady was looking at me crazy while I was getting a pedicure.
Thanks for the new follow!
I look like I have problems lmao
U know what you did an what you tryin to do, how bout this im finna go break bread on my kids an erthang I buy is stayin wit me
There was no money to be had, even with the vaguely alternative haircut. Our peeps all posed for sheer glory.
Curious whether your SDGE bills have gone up much.
So much happening in San Diego this weekend. I'll probably hit Chicano Park Day & Roots Fest on Adams on Saturday; and Art Walk on Sunday.
LinkedIn invitations from recruiters: “Hello, stranger, please be my friend.” How about telling me what you are selling at the very least?
studio time will most likely be postponed for a bit. speed bumps you know?
lol go Irish!
My brain isn't wired for HTML.
Congratulations to all graduating IML Honors and Digital Studies students!
Don't know why everyone is writing off Dallas. They could have easily won both Games 1 and 2. Not over yet.
Girls, you need to have higher standards, find a guy that fits every single one of them.
My little sister got to get six! Smh!!!!!!!!!!! She YELLING!
Today will separate the men from the boys. We are clearly standing on the boys side.
Now watching Savoring Harlem on great special about the amazing food history & restaurants there yum!
hahaha this made my morning… RT : Auditioned for jazz band. Not enough soul.
We run this town.
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Mother's Day.
No, this is mustache :{D
Why the heck am I up right now?
I had to quit...found that I cheated way to much!
BioClinica Partners with Paragon Solutions to Create Clinical Architecture
Business over pleasure. I think I have issues.
North Carolina's offense looks so bad.
Teen Choice hosting tips: Don't tell jokes, just say the names of teen phenomena. Harry Potter! Glee! PLANKING!
what in the world does that mean? Haha
Yea. She's ok. She didn't die or anything, she's just much more angry at life now.
Couldn't care less. Assists that lead to a layup/dunk are far more valuable than assists that lead to a jumper.
"You're like a shotgun baby, pointed at my head. And those lips are suicide, but I just want to see you dead."
Any word on Sauer? I know he must be done for the year, but just wondering if he's even around the team.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 11
ill be on ny phone as well unless there is a way to watch it live online?
OMG...did u c who was talking about u? #freechrisloesch Its like...OMG
THIS! RT I can only hope that today's move by Obama means he'll take more responsibility and act where he can.
HA jokes on you, I get an extra week of learning 😊
Let me see ya funkay chicken!
Nope. There is photographic evidence. Wild to see some of these pics.
well, maybe try to get funding first. No need to go broke making it to a conference that'll happen next year too
maybe a little but we'd love to have you! RT : Hm I wonder if it'd be crazy to move to DC just so I can go to classes
Andrew Goudelock, a high scoring point guard from College of Charleston, had a workout with the Spurs, according to www.postandcourier.com.
I have a new attraction to septum piercings. What. I always thought they were gross. Some people can pull it off.
Oops, I guess that's what we call a twypo? ;) Happy to connect any time.
Lisa's am life's web
3 people from Asia and 1 from the middle east have me!
Sign-ups for Spring I adult season starts Sunday!!!! Don't wait until the last minute!!
#FF Thanks for tracking our 2 new Science Behind the News stories! Look out for them next week!
Insurgent by Veronica Roth just arrived!
nope :( two weekends from now though I will be haha you going home?
RT- Monster Truck show @ Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, January 7th & 8th! Come out & see a great show! For more info. visit lazye.com
Chocolate covered pretzels....
Love the new AVI pic Donna! Does this mean you love doing yard work or that you hate it like the rest of us do, Lol.
researching (and manipulating) instructional rhetoric from early 20th century "how to dance" manuals
I had my baby out real bold today looking extra good baby......
Very interesting: class is rarely discussed when it comes to the digital society.
We want Toonami!
passion for it anymore. Everyone knows music without passion isn't music at all.
Happy Reunion!
Stop signing along with the radio, you are not good at it
Is wondering whether a trip up to Tulip-land in the rain is a good idea
I think I heard that before...Like in the 70s...
Thank you too! I look forward to reading your tweets!
Sorry to year that. Hope he gets healthy soon.
Key to Start-up Success? Be Boring
damn haha you make me feel better about having four bags! #atleastI'mnottheonlyone
In Chicago for the #Bulls game against the #Philadelphia #76ers. Early tipoff for the #Sixers and the Joakim #Noah/ Derrick #Rose led
people have issues
Come hang out with the Rodney Richardson Trio for a 2nd night at Twins Jazz w/ Will Rast & Larry Ferguson!!
Downloaded a new Shall we date otome game from Cant wait to play it!
In the magical land of waffles, the fork retailer has a lot of power.
HYFR #YOLO #Takecare Drakes new album hits way too much at home from front to back!!!
Why are my legs killing me?! I didn't do anything to them. :(
My lesbian sister has a beer belly & a wandering eye. I'm afraid she'll grow back hair & I'll have to throw her barmitzvah.
Light weights are just as good for building muscle, getting stronger, researchers find
thanks for the coffee.
not sure! I will look into that.... do you have a link for it?
Anything that involved being anywhere at 5am in the morning is a violation of human rights.
Friend or Foe isn't a essay question...
just dyed my hair wanch....
Muchas gracias! It was great to be in a room with so many geogurus at #wherecampl. The support was much appreciated!
Poignant observation frm awardwinning author ;) RT Funny how children love to be chased, screaming. But adults? Not so much.
What zzup guys!
GOOD!!!!!!!!! I GOT TOO MANY FRIENDS
Take time every day to be still, to empty your mind, and to just be. Put away your thoughts.
Ottawa bitches!!!!!
RT COMPETITION Win REAL PRIZES inc an ITUNES voucher follow and RT
Amuson..why are u touching the ball?
It's a plan!
no lives in nyc...might have been his alter ego
good, how are u?
ps I heard you know my coworker, Betsy.
Never bite the hand that feeds you!!!!<=== unless the hand is bad! LOL
When I want to remember something important, I send myself an email a few days before or leave myself a cell message or text to remind me.
I Knoww What Is That?
My Prediction: will trend on Twitter this weekend.
yeah I know. I appologize.. I was a bit stressed with school that I didn't really pay attention to twitter. But hey I'm back :]
She made a "McGangBang"...
I AGREE.
...Coming soon, one of my new year resolutions!
anti-social networking
Grammy's!!!!!!! So excited they are doing a tribute to Whitney houston! You never know your last day!! So live every day like your last!
reading drafts for some of the students who started their papers early.
Keep it in!
Gorgeous day out! Off to get a haircut
Christina Hendricks...*drool*
I swear RT Watchin the Pacers is like watchin the Spurs......Miami need to get these niggas gone
