Oh wow! Ms. Cooper the last of the true classy broads! How can you not kiss her feet before sticking your fingers in her hair?
That's just plain white coach. Big white coach is the other one.
I would really appreciate a follow back to get me started on here!!!!!
"Awards" program should be a fun kick-off for breakfast series - Glad to be in the audience!
don't wake me up if i'm sleeping this life away.
Keep your brain well trained on www.cognifit.com/
Watching 13 Assassins. Good stuff.
EDC, how I want to be there. Hope everyone, including my friends have a great time! Can't wait till Im able to attend
Thank you!! It seems to have worked thus far....brilliant :)
your mom goes to college
Oh me? Nothing much, just documentary-ing
Cut a tree down today in my backyard, and ended up destroying my backyard lightpole when it fell on it. I guess I better stick to my day job
At the Rose Quarter this morning -- the delayed vote on where to build a baseball stadium for the Beavers. Your thoughts on the issue?
Well lookie here, you made a rhyme!! :)
Now's your chance to jump start your #workouts and save! Learn about our special offer on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
RT at Morikami Museum & Japanese Gardens, woman says to another, "It looks like a lot of stuff in here is Japanese."
#2012NBAPlayoffs = #76ers Stole Homecourt From #Celtics In A Dog-Fight Game And Tie Series Up * #OKC Destroy The #Lakers In Game 1 *
It's true. ... like that little brother you can't wait to give a noogie.
#onlyskinnyppl wear the new jack city box cut wit the wiz khalifa dye job
fuck that! It was hell! At least I had it with Michael lol
Seems like its #quote night. bring it
ik but he's locked up now
Why am I so damn sleepy
Good half Nuggs!!! Gotta come out strong this half for once!
Did you include Autism as part of the plan?
As many times yu put it das how much u gettin beat tf up!
Go Bobcats, mrowwwww. Do you know what the gist of the snub was?
Doing shots on the train
Daylight Saving Time discriminates against vampires.
If you are interested in community service, come out to the Community Service Programs and Events joint meeting tonight at 7pm at GWUL.
#NW bad girls club reunion pt2
As many lows there is in life, u deserve to be high...
I swear if a bunt shows up this inning, I'm lighting something on fire!
With my bitcchhhh
Now that my headache is gone... it's a fine day to put together a big metal shed for the backyard!
Uh oh, Pats may take a guy Browns want.
Tired...ready for that sunday nap
Watch out for my new single "Makin Love" Soon to be available for download.
2011 Richmond Folk Festival starts 2nite! #RFF Enjoy variety of American culture thru music, dance, traditional crafts, storytelling & food
Thanks Dan! MT “: RI too! "#1 issue in CT economy is #college grads & workforce alignment." #engaged””
G Blood presents white paper for digital video preservation - what I came to #AMIA11 hoping for!
looking to get some large oversize prints made, mounted on foamcore in seattle, suggestions?
Google is doing much more for #accessibility. It's good for all users of Google products across devices
Just got back from williamsburg Im there twice a week my favorite place for happy hour!
Once files in the sys most ppl deal w/ the lower res derivates, so smaller. Ppl are successfully using RS for large video archives.
Inspiring under-the-radar book - In the Sea There are Crocodiles by Geda, based on a true story of a boy fleeing the Taliban.
My mother has an expensive Nikon camera but is taking photos of DC with her iPhone...?!?
School of the Arts dancers made me want to start dancing proffessional like that
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope it's a good one(:
Buckets!! #werk RT dropped 57 pts on the Bobcats.That's more pts than Illinois scored against Wisconsin today
" If we are waiting for others to improve before we cease being offended, we will be waiting forever."~J.J.Dewey
Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Hi Edward. What are you trying to build? Ruby and PHP can both run simultaneously, but you can't combine both.
thanks for the RT
I was waiting for that. Hit send to fast. You know how we be doing it in the 731! HAHAHAHAHA
can you help my friends and i shoot a hoe with your nerfgun. ? PLEASE
not sarcasm. I do like it except when I have to go drive
My mom's G grandfather on her dad's side was John Lambert. Her GG grandfather on her mom's side was...John Lambert.
A person can only take so much. :/
I've listened to Girls Gone Wild...20 times in days....
#10ThingsIWantToHappen Paul Wesley to appear at my front door (or in bed preferably)
Sent out a marketing piece yesterday and heard from three past clients in two hours. People just need to be reminded sometimes...
I wish I would've gone to school today.
Too Turnt Up...
YOU are seriously a stage FIVE creep!!! but that's okay, I still love you...
Lied too once again
thanks for the read... I've got a week to finish any work for my exhibition and I'll be needing this strategy!
hey T... I have been good. Just working and grinding on the music tip... Ill be at CCA on May 5th.. Will you be there?
Finally someone who will fully enjoy me in the sack! RT All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
your welcome were happy to follow fellow tweeters
$BPAC making moves!
Get a holla to the #303 ! Nothing better than the state of Colorado!
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore : Heinrich Heine says "When words leave off, music begins." -check out the music
AD 65: Nero goes apeshit and proceeds to wild out and act a fool.
There are some pretty big storms in the forecast. Maybe an erg workout or erg relay with your crew tonight?
u best go nigga
Country music singer Martina McBride will reportedly sing the national anthem at the Indy 500 on May 27.
I'm beginning to feel like a true
#youth justice attygenrl holder presents to ntl forum to prevent youth violence. 6cities 6 efforts. Stay tuned
It's a meeting at a home. We're waiting on someone to show. No other work to be done.
An animal`s right to the pursuit of happiness - 동아일보
Check out skullmanrecords.com for a discography and examples of Newman's vast catalogue
can't wait to see you in dallas monday!!!
RT : Have a great sunny weekend
"Oh just come to Canada, you make me so happy." - 's Mom
I don't feel so bad now lol
Oh, will be at #Crunchies don't you worry. Travel bug in me is jealous of MTV trip though
Happy Mother's Day! We'll see you at 11am for brunch & coffee.
“: Wait when is Z going to London? Like i need to go see her. Even tho I don't live there.” uh you live in la rotf
Congrats on winning a free copy of COUNTRY OF THE BAD WOLFES from CPP! DM your name/address. Enjoy & thanks for playing!
Amazing Q&A with screenwriter David Seidler last night. He inspired me and also provided a kick in the ass.
: no one can fire up a crowd like Sen Franken
If I had my way, I would not have hiccups that feel like esophageal earthquakes. But that's just me.
Ryan Reynolds is a babe.
I'm not saying she should've been handcuffed/arrested, but that report doesn't mention she struck a teacher. What 6 y/o does that?!
U.S. Under-23 Men vs. El Salvador Under-23 Men, 8pm I believe we get this match. I will update if need be.
Excited to have on board as our first event sponsor for Corks n' Forks this October! Stay tuned for more details :)
Hi! Im good! RT : Hello how are you
Live TV from Richmond VA rally. Best w/ NBC12 chatterboxes on mute. Love the diverse crowd. Team America , not the 1%.
And i have this feeling in my stomach. A feeling i cant explain, not talking to you. oh boy you dont even know the pain . /:
Nope, I don't smoke so there are two of us on this boat
Yup. Just gotta watch him fail and maybe eventually figure it out sometimes :)
lord i aint try to be messy but ur little trade so sexy
Great convo - looking forward to seeing you soon! RT : Always a treat to talk w the smart & savvy ! :)
today is a very sad day lets keep in mind all the people that tragicly lost thier lives 10 years ago today may they Rest In Peace <3
Do you love me because I am beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me? ---Oscar Hammerstein II In Cinderella.
? Yankees get a homerun off a fan interference
Nice work, we're impressed RT : Whoever tells you that you can't do everfi in one day lacks
love me some Grohl & Josh projects! btw, do you follow ? Any friend of Foo that's also a Packer fan is incredible.
Scored a booth from the set of the cee-lo, forget you vid. Dining room gonna look sick
Here we go!
Shakespeare is now huge in AsIA!!! They LOVE him there now!!! China, Thailand, Singapore, Japan... Now that is the test of a true writer!!!
Loe gets the. Ground ball
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Why not learn your legal rights BEFORE you take a major life step like marriage, divorce or having a child?
Some of the latest research indicates that the presentation needs to be fun in order to be engaging.
Love this. used to live right there: Bring #Craftboston ticket to SAC's galleries at 175 Newbury St-receive 10% off thru 5/31!
nice toss, yummy
How would you recommend the Yahoo Board of Directors best demonstrate "heroic leadership" in this crucial period?
RT Congratulations to , Zeppos & Associates' newest account executive!
Awesome RT: We are so excited for Steppin' Up tomorrow! We are getting all set up. Can't wait to see you there !
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3
MT : Today is Queer Youth Advocacy Day in Sacramento! Proud to partner with for safe schools & equality!
Oh, I did—I just don't see it happening. Then again, I didn't see McCain–Palin, either, so...
no fuck you guys.
hey titface. come over
almost finals time!
I thank God for Benadryl...that's the only way my son would fall asleep last night.
Purpose of reading impacts the medium "I would never use paper for research" -Tenopir
thanks and I understand what you r trying to type!
I genuinely hate fucking everyone and everything.
fill one out if you're so confident
Take away the cubicles to increase collaboration and productivity in your company.
Not necessarily. Australia could still land Expo 2017, which would only be a 29 year gap.
This last week was the best week in sports, I can ever remember, I really hope this continues!!!
Saw for a 2nd time, I enjoyed it just as much as I did the first time. Great job
make it happen
when I have to study
Driving back from UK with mom and dad, it was really cool!!!!
Lose an hour weekend. Bummer.
Thanks so much, Michael. It was a pretty big honor!
The TV part of triple play needs to be dropped or completely turned over to ISP to run over community networks
shh. She's not going to be surprised now.
Hearing "Cooper track meet at Walton" and laughing (:
No, Shanequa and Timothy are not here you have the wrong number omfg stop calling me once a week
So bored. Wanna chat up a storm?
Aren't all giftsfree? Not-free gifts: dogs, 20% off coupons, email lists that post 200 times, gym memberships, singing cards
I'm not excited about the new Spider-Man. I'll see it, of course, but I'm not counting down the days.
Good leaders are made not born. If you have the desire and willpower, you can become an effective leader.
wait... did you just coin term "sheroes"? Never heard it but kinda love it!
Thanks for all the love!
Mr.D's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. Look us up on the web or call us @ 619-562-5848
Thanks very much.
Hey! Just wanna say hey! Big MWC fan of yours! Ever in Chicago...stop in my bar.. the booze cold for ya..!
When Paulina licks Maria cookies and sticks them on her face >>>>>>>
Just completed paperwork on the next booking. Castings are rolling out.
that sucks
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
LUV U GUYS VICTORIOUS!!!
Water with a packet of - loaded w/ C and B's - Amazing results. I drink one a day for maintenance & 3 when I travel.
but mostly me💙 but I have a feeling that won't happen. We're never on at the same time 💔
hey i loved your in the hunger games, you were really cool. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
I know it takes 3 hours to watch it, so watching it three times is a full work shift, minus lunch.
GREAT to get an instal photo from a happy client, means everything arrived *fine*, everyone is *happy*—two huge key components to success!
Just felt a small earthquake here at work...not California-sized, but definitely unusual for DC!
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
am I the only one who thinks its absolutely bizarre when people make Facebooks for their pets???
Amanda of AR will be singing tonight at the Red Wings Game! God Bless the USA btw 2&3period!
The letter lately received naturally suggested the topic.
Good move. He can start if needed and makes a very reliable backup when/if they bring someone else in.
It's in the 40's outside and it's freezing in school, why are girls wearing shorts...
Brew up some iced tea for summer! Come try our new flavors: Plum and Pear Green Tea, Mango Passion Fruit Rooibos and Red Fruits Black Tea
Not yet, but I'm excited to try them when I do my spring/summer shopping!
Has anyone else noticed that most older hispanic have a belly?? Lol fatass nigga need to go some where with this singing
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 tonight at PCH! Lesson with Rob and Arlette. DJ Rob! Drop-ins are welcome for Beg/Int Charleston at 7 :)
Headin to the Laker game...BOX SEATS BABY!!!
Please share the link RT Reading quotes from in WHIR article today on Hosting customer support
“: will gladly unfollow anyone who goes to the hinder show next week....” Ditto.
James Durbin is my fave too! He's got such a powerful voice and, wow, what a range! I'm a sucker for a dynamic rocker!
Feel free to stop by whenever. That goes for all my OG's. Mid-Evenings are free for me every night. Friday nights, too.
Win 2 COURTSIDE Seats - BULLS vs. HEAT - 3/14/2012. Redeem a Bartab drink at any Bar 1 Events Venue to enter to WIN!!!!
Thanks for the RT
Happy belated birthday!
Just got out the tub.
First day off and only spent 20 minutes on the couch watching TV. Being unemployed is busy work. And those 20 minutes were The Chew. Ugh...
Well, my decision is made.
speed doesn't come overnight. practice guys!
dude, i agree. we want to see the real stars in the dunk contest. not shannon brown and nate robinson for the 4th time.
Confession #5: I'M SINGING "JUST A DREAM" by Nelly. RIGHT NOW.<3 And I recorded it................
Next stop, the homeless shelter. 2012 has just been so fucking awesome!
Genius. RT : Finally! TerraNova is on!!!!
I'm here now and think it would be better to tell them over the phone.
Nobody fouled anybody???
Certainly. Is a good sign he's getting old and losing touch/his touch. Weiner again and symbolism.
I went to see footloose with my parents. we should still go see it because i loved it lol. :)
..your "dreaming" if u think ur better at math than an AN.....BAZINGA
Denver has missed you!
just getting ready for church Happy Easter
THAT IS BOLOGNA between two slices of white bread. i am shocked she even said that !
I miss talking to like everyday omg :(
I Love Impact Church, thanks for the follow!
its not my fault..facts is facts
Ur the reason I smile when I wake up
Nasty Boy Knobs said Hi ..LOL
love this song
Follow for surreal stories about LA.
was it you that shoved me in a locker?
& I are working on our side project dream, to support #struggling #children & #families thru #education & more!
I really think working out and being in shape makes ppl happy
following done
Today is The Militant's 3-year anniversary on Twitter! Ain't no foolin'!
Happy Birthday to the greatest of fake news geniuses Jon Stewart! We're sending over to jump out of your cake.
IS ANYBODY GOING TO THE CHICAGO 1D CONCERT THATS GUNNA TRY AND GET WRISTBANDS WEDNESDAY? ~15days<3x~
yes! it is awful here! we were the only ones like in our area north and south that did have school. everyone was bitching. :P
Merry Christmas Gab:)!
“: If you flick your nipple, it takes 7 seconds to get hard.” people that know me understand. Hahaha.
Imma get me a professional message before I turn 23
Thanks for the RTs! >
We lost last night. Ex Los Angeles Lakers Sean Rooks is playing on Tuesday. Also we are waiting for ex NBA Player Jeff Trepagnier
Studying for chemistry and tweeting
I think that is great! :) If you follow me back, I can send you a DM!
Only one Answer! rel to sexy tweetsFollow back me
not at the production sig?
So basically pennies. But I guess 35k was probably pennies for Big Baby.
unless, of course, that was part of the joke... in that case, I retract my statement. And I am an idiot. Bahaha.
RT "Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment." - Lao Tsu
Happy 1st day of fall term! A special welcome to EnTec students setting foot in a classroom for the first time in yrs. Carpe Diem!
RT : Somebody said Chris bosh looks like a gay giraffe hahahahaahahahahahaahahaha (You are better than this.)
where the gang at?
Oh, had a facial in the Philippines by a doctor, everyone else was getting one and insisted. Strange, lol.
Tuesday: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE (2 songs). Must bring @ least 1 paying guest. $15
I was just asked "are you losing weight?"...oh this gym and low carb combo better be working!
..Dysfunction sets in when you seek your self in it and mistake it for who you are.” Eckhart Tolle
miss you to princess
One lane. one lane out of FIVE open for bridge work on the OTHER SIDE OF 95.
The awkward moment when you throw something at your friend and it hits someone else.
if I make myself throw up.. Do you think we can leave this town?? I allergic to the smell..
Aubeni showed all late and stopped he hole class lol
I love my simple tablet but it fails to let me follow new people easily.
WHOA WE'RE HALFWAY THE-YARE
The only book character that I really wanted Alex Pettyfer to play was Jace :P
Don't try to silence my words with your lies.
I second Gianti, you are all so wonderful and I'd love to meet each and every one of you :) (especially you Gianti!) -Caitlin x
If you're doing one thing at a time, you're probably bored.
What the fuck does "I am. A ____'s printed round t-shirt" even mean?
Thanks for the great thought for leaders: "Want to be a better listener? Be less selfish and more curious."
i think that may be something u can download from your pc vendor if u don't have orig disks
Off to the pool, then to the pub.
it was so amazing ! ;D like no joke I loved it !! (:
I can't wait to see my supportive bf next Friday. And the beach <3
alas! i've already fallen off the wagon of #noemailday today. will try to keep to the spirit of the day tho.
just revoke facebook to post my tweets lol
oh ok lol I got blackberry phone.
Lmao RT : What if Floyd get knocked out in the first round?
omg that is so sad
You should know that this love is unconditional!
Giants suck!
sure no prob
My vet too! Best vet's office ever :-)
Whos down to kick it?
I want food, and i want Pie!! NOW!!
That awkward moment when a picture of my backside is on the Boston Youth Fund website....
Proud to be a Badger RT UW ranks 27th in worldwide reputation, says
Looking for a rideto work for bike to work week? Let us do the pedaling: call 414-272-ride for a pick-up!
Losing the battle doesn't mean you've lost the war and winning the battle doesn't mean you've won the war.
thanks! I got the idea seeing someone read an actual book on the train this morning. It was like sighting an endangered species.
i hope she'll be ok.<3
"the dune bug is tight"-
that's okay :) you can do it when your off your phone ! What ya up to?
According to Adam Schefter, the punishment for the Saints players will be announced today.
& Brittany ,what type of dancing is your fav?Alexis,How did u become a model?😄
NIGGAZ SEE ME IN DA STREETS AND SALUTE ME LIKE A GENERAL
Thank you to my friend Vietnam Vet "Doc," recipient of Silver Star, Bronze medal, Purple Heart, and other meritorious commendations. Luv ya
Great start to my dig. hist. class: History, Now! Digital Media, Social Crisis, Hist'l Perspectives. We'll be using the tag
lol!!!! She's just helping her mama test :)
on the 8th day, God created office snuggies. brrrrr
I'm not excited that Dallas won, but I am thrilled that Miami Lost!!!!! Hahaha!
Download MyTalkTools Mobile Lite. Its free. See what you think. Comes with free subscription for authoring site.
Welcome home. :)
haha thanks for thinking of me. But I guess this ONE time I'm lucky to be in a town with no
Home now(: that was fun!
It's tough. Formally—dialogue, performance—it's still great, but as satire, I'm not sold....
You're making me wish I had cable!
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped.
I'm in love with somone His name start with 'J' 😝😍
well that was a fun drive and run from the parking garage to work in the pouring rain. I can literally ring out my pants, hoodie and socks
wat did u do today?
Usually we go till about 2 or 3pm.
California dreaming.
OK, so maybe not putting sunscreen on at the beach today was a bad idea...
introvert - hands down
and thanks to and I didn't do anything too stupid and get kicked out of la lol
Follow back :)) pls?
RT : i will personally match donation if u dine with us for 4/26 supporting 50% of your check!
sorry hun but u can never be done with jk jk
Becoming friends again after so long. #LunchToday excited and nervous cause
that's exactly what my neighbors said! and they're going to a rehabber named Laurie. I'll still be able to see them every week.
What specifically constitutes the creation of a job? If I wanted to say I created x jobs, what would I use to prove it?
probably this weekend
Heading out to Marcel's Culinary Experience in Glen Ellyn for a demo from 11-3. Come hang out & check out this beautiful store.
Jeff is coming by at 3 on Tuesday. That would be perfect.
I'm going to leave now and maybe actually be on time for band practice once.
Who won?
gotta find some1 to till my garden for me ..
So...how's life?
My little one fell out of bed this morning :( Now she is sleeping in mine :)
Next week I'm a guest photographer on Celebrity Apprentice.
Love living near Runyon Canyon!
Research shows that 90% of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called DADS.....
RT Lay off the fat jokes when you're insulting Rush Limbaugh. It implies that Ann Coulter might in some way be praiseworthy.
what do you know about premier global services $PGI lost about 10 % since last week hold or sell?
Late response. I just think their management team is the bees knees. Sorry I can't make it out for the big day my man.. In Cali..
Im at IFC Theatre -watching "Weekend"
You think Aviles bounces back a little this week? Favors lefty's.
JB CAN sing but his voice truly pisses me off. And so does his music. Sorry. Just because you like him doesn't mean he's good.
While out on the town today seeing a potential client I stopped in McDonnell's and saw this cutie rocking some sick looking "ink."
drop it like its hot
I was excited about #austream :)
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to follow her, not leave her there crying because of you.
so jealous
It's possible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limitations and obstacles.
Seek solution always. Seeking answers gives us energy. The energy we need to pursue what we want to achieve.
I don't blame guys for being so disrespectful because most girls are the reason why they change but all we need is one guy to stand up &
Happy to have you back!
following :) x
Hey twitter friends if you get a message from me ignore it. It's not from me.
Just got my Puppy today! Shes a Miniature Dachshund! Thankyou for the amazing one year aniversary gift! I lovee you!!
Any date? I love how you captured various shades of pink & the detail. “: made by "Mrs. M. Wahlen 3 Langden St. Montpelier, VT"
Yeah Matt Barnes, you go Dikembe Mutombo on that loose ball.
fun is a limit of how much imagination you can pull from your childish side
BIW will be at the Chester College of Law for the NW Institute of Civil Engineers "NEC from all angles" event from 18:00 today.
Found a cute shirt to wear for next weekende!
Cannot wait to stop by the shop and try your new additions! You are the best!!!...:)
My fucking aunt convinced my mom my semi dress is "tacky" and is making me bring it back apparently
how many snips does it take to snarp ur snap multiple times a day to achieve the ultimate snarpoon session?
My buddy is leading tomorrow at 10am! Twenty bucks says he puts me to sleep :P
Playing my guitar, it's been a while.
to Chris Benoit this is not a sad comentary on family you still can't sing and Simon you don't have a clue 4 real
I know you're mad at me, if I were you I would be too.
I am getting married so shocked and happy eeekkk
If you have something good, don't let it go.
I'm so happy to hear that!
tired as hell.
Screw being normal Dare to be Different<3
Can't say I'm surprised to see LBJ miss 2 free throws with a minute left in the 4th qtr of a tight playoff game.
6th period live
Really? "Glee Gone Wild"...
Take a stand on reading! Maine Humanities Council & LibraryThing host Reading Flash Mob 12/15 @ 5p. Bring book, meet @ Longfellow Books!
I'm never using #groupon ever again.. I have yet to receive a product ordered exactly a month ago.. anyone else order the Houdini wine set??
I started watching The Stand. It's cheesy and creepy and awesome.
Utah Chamber Artists’ forecast calls for ‘Rain’
Im quickly becoming a #Clippers fan. Liking the team unity they are showing, rare on the NBA level. Appreciate a team changing its culture
RT : A VC-funded Austin startup needs HTML5 help for data viz. A quick project (1 - 3 days), but hi-profile. Ping me if interested.
Haha I should've known. Weezy always be pointing out the obvious.
amen: “: ... Taste, Harvest, Truffles, Blackthorn, Dressels, Brasserie...the list goes on and on. I love it here.”
Killer show last night guys!
My method nukes the catalogs, which are typically the problem, not the content, which typically never is. Done it dozens of times…
Family coming for the holiday's? Spruce up that drab house with a new coat of paint. We love giving estimates, just ask us to come out today
follow now. 7
OH YA ME TOO
Amazed at how many people pout unconsciously
So, the peeps who brought us the BCS are going to create a NEW format. This is like letting Geithner and Bernanke fix the financial system.
#ImThatPersonWho is in love with a celebrity and it's great! <3
Thanks for the follow! Did you know most #chiropractors are using outdated methods? Come learn more at our #PDX office in NW!
#ICantEvenLie i miss you
Correctly guess the score of the game between the Saints and 49ers for a chance to win a free Scorzie, good luck!
Getting ready to go out
Backpacking 101 class tonight at Outdoor Source in Westerville - only $5 and worth every penny! Call 614-818-3620 to sign up today
Getting ready for a night full of drinks, dance, and lots of fun :)
My semester is over. It's 7:15 on Friday night & I'm home alone. Man do I feel like a loser right now.
Ok “ Whoever Him Is Yall Bring Me Sumthing I'm Hungry As Shit: With him “ With ?!””
I pointed out what appeared to be either an over sight in the design of the site or fraud and was booted from the site.
stop by
can you possible save it, email it to yourself , then print it at school?
yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.
yeah it was nasty for awhile. Getting better now thanks goodness
big philosophy presentation, one paper to do then im finally done for the week.
We all have a story in life. Take control of who you want to be. The mind is such a terrible thing to waste.
That would have to be
them beats you sent are crazy... got a few.
That trade is killing this team!
Where did this random headache come from.
where are you nowadays!
Will you be hosting an Aimee Bender reading next week?
I still love the AppleTV. I could watch the cover art float by for hours...
So happy I joined partners pe it's fun helping special needs kids their so cute and nice best choice ever!! :)
Just get me to Friday!
good coffee! Thanks 4 follow
"I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it." -- Jonathan Winters, Comedian
sorry i don't know what it is. it sounds awesome though ♥
House of Grey Volume One Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #196 Free in Kindle Store
I was going to study summore before bed but fuck it now. I'm tired!!!
I could be ok with a google wedding if it was a free one! They would be welcome to harness data on the attendees. #overpriced!
oh yeah!
Baby just leave her for me.
it's about 80 calories
did you get the union email?
Have to have a social security number to open an account - illegal aliens and those running from the law dont want to go there.
yes it looks more "teen"
✋📖 RT : Niggas will get anything tatted on em just to say their tatted up
Good day for sloppy - when you eat - National Chile Dog Day - yum yum. Oh, and wash it down with some leche - Nat'l Chocolate Mile Day too
Invading #ignitesf with and
Everyone that isn't Matt Kalil is available on the O-Line, so maybe the Browns go that way at 22 after all.
so where'd you learn 'your' dance moves?
Hey this is here and im exicted to be here with lenovo today hope i win a prize...... good prize im a doer!!!!!!
Hey! Could we possibly get an interview with you? (:
I also think she has been underappreciated. I have a photo somewhere of her in a play.
I drank too much water. My insides are drowning 😳
just found hip hop family tree! Thank you! It is awesome!
I didn't even know you liked Pokemon. Omg. Perfect
The #NFLDraft starts tomorrow. I wonder who your teams will be taking this year.
I'm jealous of your ability to read for fun as a post-graduate. Can't wait until that's me!
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
no it's still two hours like the one I have now :)
..most humblest appreciations, luv..but don't forget "RedHawk", yes? No worries, ciao! -Stronodelarosa
Thanks for the offer of support. Means a lot to me. I will let you know as we get closer to the event.
Thanks Sandy Springs for donating Open Arms meal to A little pizza will make the kids' nights much brighter.
I would have asked while at work, but I was in meetings all afternoon. Have fun with the DA.
Loving this weather but hating I'm in class right now!
#ImagineAustin kisses you. A: your such a good kisser! Y: No ur the good kisser! A: really? *kisses u again!* <3
First red flag: "I want to Landon." #dcproblems Good thing I had a blind date contingency plan
Increase cooperation from 60 - 94% by telling why #change is happening. Ellen Langer
I know, I know... he's telling me I'm grounded. Keeps me on a short leash, what can I say?!
Thanks a bunch for the mentions/#FF/RTs!
have the best time. Can't wait to hear about all your juice tasting!
Happy that Jim Donovan is healthy and will be back calling #Browns games this year! He beats the CBS "D" list commentators every time.
can i be blair fowler, shes perfect
I'll never understand how people pass up a good thing when it's right in front of them, but oh well.
it was a damn joke
Names of early Victor phonograph models: Auxetophone, Hyperion, Auditorium, Micro-Synchronous, Orthophonic, Consolette, Jacobean
It's not about being lucky. It's about being relentless.
come out to bar Louie water for $1 beers from 5-cl
9.11 A day to remember that Love has the power to erase fear. Love On!
3:36 Q2. Favorite children's book/movie. Why?
IKR! Im getting them in 9th grade! Im going to 8th this year!
Worked out for the first time today. It wasn't terrible but I can already tell i'm going to be in soreness hell tomorrow. Not excited. 
good to see you too homey.
Hey everyone! Today's coffee of the day is the returning origin coffee of Brazil!
So pumped to get on my board today.
the only person you should hug is Tiger after you help him win a #PGA #Golf event. You need each other for laughs, ca$h & WINS:)
Figure out what value you can add this weekend, not what you can take. Be a person of service and it will come back 10 fold. -Zach Marcy
My mom starts fights with me about the dumbest things.
WOW! So excited only 2 weeks till Disney Camp Rock The Musical Auditions!
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished? - Rumi
CRAP! That should be illegal in 50 states! C'mon
Ugh, my phone is dying
i wish Austin Mahone would follow me
looking for an ionic negative ion generator in NYC. anyone have in stock?
I feel the office has run it's course and they are just leading it to the slaughter house.the early episodes were 100x better
I'm hoping that there is a refigured ending for #GunHillRoad, a beautifully gritty film. One that might help achieve wider distribution.
I assume that was a joke -- no OT in round 1
They need to stop playing Mercy on the radio before it dies .....
Thanks to you as well for following.
THAT was a great ball game!
You've got the moves that make me sweat. You've got a voice that makes me breathless.
The new book and film library additions are catalogued. I do love a good organizational purge.
Money tall like Jordan
Oop, Excuse the hell out me .. Lol
verdict still out on this morning. looks like things are cool. but I still can't figure out why route 37 refuses to follow its schedule.
I called Lugar's office to ask to vote against SOPA. the most non-interested secretary answers. I ask: get many calls today "oh. a few."
This series is the reason the #nhl playoff format sucks. Should b win your division you are guaranteed a playoff spot, but not a top-3 seed.
Remember I ALWAYS UPGRADE! Hard to swallow but accept it
i just got this letter from a photography asking me to model for some senior portrait stuff xD
Come be part of the action! Ufc 124. 8pm. Drink specials all night
Hi sorry I was asleep
My head is going to explode today.
I Just Want To Say Thank You To , , , & For Always Being Here For Me Through It All
Ru Paul<3 zombie edition ! Jesses favorite !
at one point I think we discussed live tweeting a viewing of Manchurian Candidate on its anniversary? You mentioned book.
And Ralph McQuarrie. Major bummer.
REMINDER: McNally's has graciously agreed to open its doors to all fans 18 and up. Just have ID ready at the door.
i like the song dance again by jennifer lopez feat. pitbull:)
Tired does not describe what I am right now
...and we love you
America's Got Talent Finalist for 2010 Alice Tan Ridley is showcasing today at the Performing Arts Exchange Conference ( ) 5:50pm
Here's hoping I'm wrong, and he's right: "For what it's worth, a weak La Nina appears likely this year." —, Colorado meteorologist
At least that had better be an April Fools!!
Anna M. Uhlich~ My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
So i'm am going to learn over the next 2-3 Weeks how to be a young lady .. Super :) lol
The Patriots do not wear the same jock straps. They wear girly underwear because they're pansies!!!!!!!!!!! GO PACK GO
It's #May! YAY! One month closer to Texas Spa and Salon Month.
And the Orange marches on!
The ultimate narcissist is one who abandons their children.
International Lover!
I made a promise to keep voting for and imma keep it :)
Congrats to #FlavorYourFriday winner ! You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Banana Split :)
Nice! RT : Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
this is dire. You should relocate to sf, we don't have this problem.
have fun in vegas dont gamble to much
Kmsl , Swayy know she gone leave though
Every time the moon shines... I become alive!!!! "KC"
Well since your brought Magic into it. The Defense rests..........
one minute before my talk with : "you know that app you work on? it's down" D'oh.
O_O i keep hearing screams. i'm officially scared out of my mind.
RT : #bigdataweek kicked off nicely w/ #awsstartups & #bigdatalondon. Nice intro/refresh aws & gr8 speakers (Doug & Tim) at google
Thank you all for attending tonight's first event & making it a great success! Can't wait for tomorrow's community service ZBT :)
If you are interested in receiving offers and promotions from us, text "offers apdealz" (no quotes) to 46786. We promise not to spam!
Time to go make $35 for being miserable in beat for two hours:)
Hope everyone has a good day! Go Pacers!
Please join me and donate to this event-Making Strides of Central Park NY 2011,Sunday, October 16, 2011,9am at Central Park. Thank you!
It does, from what I'm learning. Thanks. We'll see how it goes with her EoE.
I love you too. 
Yal are all still awake at like 2:47 a.m.....yeah me too
How is somebody wit 8500 followers following 2 people....lol.
how to describe qualities...contacting PATO first thing 2010
You got money cause you wear a new pair of Jordans daily...but the logo bent?
This is super cute! :)
being fake is just so exhausting. now I know why your always so tired!
Help I'm dying
#ICantTrustYouIf You Always Texting, Yet You Have 0 Inbox & 0 Sent
HAHAHA Take a nap in the rooms
I start me sign language class tues ... I'll probably b a mess at first but I'm still really excited!!
KG could play PG and he would still be decent, thats how good/versatile of a player he is.
Yes it was To crazy lol !
I Love Roc :)
when did you get that new glamour shot profile pic?
its all for your benefit
thank you!! Love ya too! I hope you are having an amazing day:)
#herworld. Tamera was great! We all love her. U all inspire her as well....
haha hopefully. I gotta be with my homies! :)
Transistor - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
is! I'm just an extension of his will. RT : seriously, dude, you are kind of a genius.
Giving up doesn’t always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go
Charity begins at home.
target, babies r us & amazon (for books) thanks for asking!
shopping online today. Huge sale online no sale but bought some stuff from Heritage1981 too.
beautiful mosaics!
Wheres the snow?
i am so BORED. i cant take it anymore:p
Sure thing!
Congratulations! MT : Lining up! CC
Welcome to the team Tim Harris, and Scott Galemore!!!
Ya killed the shrimp :-)
Now following my boo lol
Rest in peace Freaky Tah. I always say things would be different if you was still with us.
And we're going to Friday's to eat Salads. :D
Son: can i get money for new game ? Dad : you know son in my days.... Son : JUST SAY NO.
RT Don't be a spectator, don't let life pass you by. -Lou Holtz
I was here <3 and my ocean eyes asleep ^^ .. And If my voice could reach to you I'd whisper in your ear "I wish you were here, darling <3"
The boys I'm babysitting keep farting and giggling.
It seems like we go grocery shopping way too much...ugh
My girl got mad about the threesome cuz she felt she wasn't getting as much attention. Baby u was getting all the attention! bloody 3some
no idea! I'm on a non-leaky plane now.
Woke up with a headache, am hoping to beat it early, otherwise this will be the longest day ever.
Ah let's hope it's not another 13 inning game.
Against the Grain prediction: Charlie Batch wins MVP.
Brutal but you think we'd have learned their tourney M.O. by now.
Race does play a part. It took the police over a month 2 arrest and question Zimmerman. Would he b free 4 a month if he was Black?
thanks for the RT.
Lmfao at ex's!!
really? “: : Sheffield: LA has no traits as a city; no map. City of pure abstraction. #popcon”
Osama Bin Laden's final words. Look Ayman I am now a mayor on Four Square.
Another day in paradise. #fightpoverty haha
Party Alert! Sun football @ Vertigo in Bellevue - FREE FOOD - yeah u read that right& HH prices on drinks 4p -join us!
Good morning
Here we go
you just hate him that much.
wish you were here too! Big guy in the freezer says hi!
i should of brought a sweater >.<
Thanks! I've got it on my calendar
for the "further out stuff" we need more space to explore challenges before we start architecting solutions
Saw the new Avengers trailer, still no sign of Luke Cage, Squirrel Girl or Howard the Duck.
I know at least 1 person that matches both descriptions :S,
No nevermind tweet me funny shit so I can laugh in 7 1/2 hours c:
ahahahaha OMG then it's probably a rumor ahaha
Confess: What do YOU do when you run out of toilet paper and you're in there?
The Velvet Lounge is now open. Come get one of our new cocktail napkins (and a drink to go with it).
#Easter is this Sunday. Chocolate bunny or marshmallow chick?
chillin with the seeds. Wuts good with you?
Looking for distributors for our Scrubs (AGGRESIVE COOL SCRUBS!) Hit us up if you know anyone good!
You know what Basketball is!?! The ultimate female!
omigosh...you are #onmymind too cody :) every minute, every second, every hour of the day....love you lots :)
I bought a paper from a man the other day... I actually had change.
Would love to have amplification.
I feel like it's for librarians and I'd just feel weird being there. And don't know if I'll be working yet.
": I really wish I was going to Coachella."
What's the best simple way to link a twitter hashtag archive/feed for #pod12 to WikiPODia site?
So I'm trying an experiment. No caffeine today. It's almost noon and the headache is kicking in. Stomach is doing better, though.
I wish the haters would imagine "no religion" applying to not worshiping one man or his song.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that talks shit behind your back without you even knowing."
A big thank you to and others that were such a big help over the past five months.
Crystal cruise discount
Living A Dream..!!! Working Hard, Playing Hard
If the continue this home winning streak throught the playoffs they will win the Finals with ease.
#Libra is grateful for the chance to entertain with the finest linens, china, silver, art and home decor to put their guests at ease
#TeamTaurus representing for the
Getting the feedback pipeline going between Ezra Daniels and myself on Upgrade Soul—exciting.
I sent it, thanks!
Apparent murder-suicide at Episcopal Day School in Jacksonville.
I love thunderstorms.
i am good you want a pic of Demi ?
I don't have dance till 7:15, so if I don't drop it off then you can come over and pick it up sometime before that :)
Mike take steve blake off this man!!
BlaDOW! I'll meet you there, Phil!
I still have "horny" written on my knuckles from last night... I am stuck between being a slut and a thug... Awkward
I am frequently reminded of the great writings of David Schnarch -- "The Sexual Crucible" and "Passionate Marriage."
Rockin out to that Unpredictable album on the way to work. I miss quality R&B albums like this at least ppl like still got it
Pay us a visit for BRUNCH Cafe Con Leche! Chef's got all your favorites waiting for you!
In honor of National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day I plan on eating (at least) 3 chocolate covered cherries! How many will you eat?
You DID have a rough week, Easter was last weekend! Quick, find a coffee shop asap! :)
I told you what you should've done
Age, if you can, better than others. These are times for reincarnation. Seize them while you're still unaware.
“: Flappers tonight in Burbank 9:30 PM” calm down, just calm down.
U R.READY KNOW THE DEAL..MILTOWN READY N WAITIN#BREWCREW4LIFE..AAAAHHHHHHHHHHGOTTAGO!!!!
Thank you! :)
lol I'm actually at work 
From TPain "Turn All The Lights On" to World Class Wreckin Crew "Turn Off The Lights" #KBTS Kissin' Between The Sheets is on now. Kiss 97.3
yes you are you can stay with me!!
Dude I have all your shirts and wear them everywhere!
Wishing a Humongous Happy Birthday to ! You are the coolest cat I have ever known.
check it out! Unlimited drinks and all you can eat! You can't go wrong!
Agreed. “: I feel sorry for 's kids. Can you imagine *that* being your mother? #rhonj”
#Packers for sure, 15-1 and out. #Brewers loss hurts more to me because success for them has unfortunately come so infrequently.
second set was so weird. Looks really sluggish. Nadal in 4 is my guess.
follow me? Pls! I love to read your books;) he's so amazing, Jesus talk with me!
Wants to thank Christopher Columbus. Was it not for his rape, murder, and genocide of native Americans I wouldn't have the day off today.
hahahah. Thanks, you just made my day.
very nice good start to the year
Im the only girl here.....great...
Thanks to everyone bitching about the ending to #masseffect3 I started the final mission with lowered expectations, so it wasn't too bad.
I've just painted a gigantic Cock & balls on the door of #banksy's luxury london apartment
Thx 4 the shout out re: quality of #pdxplan communications efforts/materials @ Council hrng last night!
It's just the beginning of the week and I have like a ton on hw #ughh -______-
#OkUPrettyBut u been to prison?
How's that Remix going? Haha
Sometimes ppl jus need to know its not u the reason y I'm commenting on your picture ,its ya fucked up by round..lol
Wait!...Jim Hart left the Cardinals and ROCKED with the Redskins!
onslaught crashes on me every time I get past wave 200. bo
Instead of promoting good ideas with activism, a deactivist helps expose the absurdity of bad ideas (popular and occult)
(FW:): Ooh! RT : I tweeted about a scene with you and and they ...
how was ur tuesday !!?
I need chicken wings!
MKE Co Exec Chris Abele again mimics Scott Walker by appointing crony in a political/financial payback. GMC members applaud this.
Not gunna see anymore either , now ima go cry a ocean /':
One of the worse things you could ever say to a woman is... "your pad is gay and I hope you leek through your shit!" Lol
ohmygoshh. my little fangirl heart :)) just like old times
#breakingbad Saw first 3 episode's season 1 breaking bad awesome series I think I am hooked!
We would like to congratulate Fr Borislav Kroner on his recent ordination to the Priesthood! Http://uocusa.org
would have 5 if season ended today, so likely 4-6.
I wonder why I always feel the urge to listen to the Grateful Dead in the Springtime.
the douchebag count would sky rocket ;)
It was updated already !!
I can tell I'm getting old because I assume every child under the age of eight has a highly communicable disease.
Any #ISDA Negotiators looking to move? positions open in top financial services firm. email
Newt "The lobbiest" says he won 15 out of 17 debates and he did in his own special way in his own little world in a small corner of his mind
Please follow me!! I will follow you back!!:D
Why must 4 year olds be so annoying?!?
'Smartcompassion ": : Adults must model compassion in deeds, not words, to raise compassionate globalcitizens!"
Listening to Arcade Fire at starbucks. I forgot how much I enjoy them.
never thought I'd enjoy following you so much!! Lots of lol's
thank u appreciate that really
Let's go Pens! Win Game 1!
is rocking the part of JO in Little Women...SO much talent. I'm loving it!
RT : RT : Hey students, looking for an all-expense paid trip to #ONA12? Apply to be a part of the Student Newsroom....
#Booze and #xboxlive makes everything better. #TGIF 
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 9
I installed version 5 and it crashed Chrome. What up with that?
This is gonna be awesome. Need your votes! Big Game V live stream, see hole cards, & fans vote on who to evict bit.ly/eAxfoQ
Happy mothers day to all the mexi-mommies I know! :-)
Did you make it in on Sunday??
Wow. Auspicious start. RT : Biz USA site had 500,000 visitors on first day says at afcea
Is it ever acceptable to tell someone to start Adderall?
#Fact- Fall Semester has 78 days, its required we attend 70. Spring Semester has 102 days, its required we attend 92.
Rehearsing Alina's piece Tcahora tonight at Hot Yoga. Looking to perform this piece in the near future.
Hear the mellow wedding bells, Golden bells! What a world of happiness their harmony foretells, Through the balmy air of night.
if Samardzija gets out of this inning, i say let him pitch the 8th. seeing how our bullpen usually does
just stuff ha!
This is the best friend hackin' this shit!
there was no foul so he didn't get one he tried to fake a foul it ant happen here lol
whoa are u really
There is a SLIGHT RISK of strong to severe thunderstorms the next couple of days. Get an update tonight on the CW20 News at 10.
M we were feelin Enzo's!
just got a postcard from via spain!
What to see tomorrow AM, Smashed or Bachelorette?
Happy birthday to !!
Everything is education.
Today was incredible. I'm so fulfilled in being in God's will.. #Flaws&all
Your beautiful as ever!
The ballpark in Arlington looks like a nice stadium.
do we have a special georgia tech, college of computing, or GVU letter head?
i bet u have a killer smile
Use of entire works: LAMs have very good reasons to digitize entire works; reasonable to support research
TGIF...need to get through these classes!
Yay! Thanks :) RT : Participating in polling all the way from CO-FUN!
I have said this for years, since the movie "She Hate Me", that Kerry Washington is one bad sister. Eyes, cheek bones, & lips..gorgeous.
Just back from Austin TX. Austin is so much fun, would love to move there. A bit hot last week, 107 last Thursday.
Yes! I love that! RT : Love the Northeast where you can cross three state lines in under two hours!
Shouldn't be too challenging for RRC, but the Knight Riders could snap out of it.
If you paint on a face with makeup. Then remove the painted face. Then u tricked me!
Manhandle sounds dirty, lol.
girl stop darn I wish I could text u I'm pissed off
I guess I wasn't as clear as I thought. What I intended to convey was avoid singing without accompaniment.
All i see is #GBB and #VAP on my TL.
I finally got caught up on all 49 shows! I started listening when ep. 33 first posted. Thanks for doing what you do.
#imessage for iOS = no more reasons to have a blackberry.
MT O vs Romney. A man w/ 4 years experience as President vs a guy who spends his time cutting his taxes. <- & last 8 running!
what ian did with his shirt doe
Why does luv have to be so complicated? can u make this heartache disapear????
Draft Day... 2nd best day of my life
but unfortunately these things left unabated have deadly consequences.
You're mean man I don't want to talk to you anymore
hit the spray tan before #theshirtoff Both look good..
and, now back to the economy and debt!
me likey too!!!!! Thor was my favorite eye.
its officially let's not answer shelbys calls or texts day yayyyyy
Lovely day well spent with new computer... we'll just call him "booboo," a script, and good company.
We're working with more independent artists to bring you new tshirt models very soon!! stay tuned!!
are you gonna play today? Text me back!
So proud of my cast and crew this week on our Adventure Week play - you guys rock! So excited to see how God is moving.
not a bad idea, though you may have some serious competition from
For AZ Legis to quit without even considering unemployment benefits? Horrific. Unforgiveable. Wrong.
New place in Seattle canning beers with no pop top...they just include old style can openers.
That feeling you get when you know you found the right person.
I 2nd that motion.
ok you getting to the money
Uh, if every one except you misunderstands what you're saying, maybe you didn't say what you think you did.
Just a tad early
you go girl!!
beyond cool, gracias for posting the link
You know is only working these games because he has money on them
#Gordon, Lord of Misrule. Gritty & quite wonderful novel woven around 4 races at a down&out track in WVa & the people & horses racing there.
further to that thought, what kind of relationship is a "Like"?
isnt that the same as the master cleanse?
ah that would be nice. maybe we can.
Mine is too.
TRUTH----> RT : Few things are better than a great relationship
How u gon' close the highway down, in ATL, on Friday, at rush hr, to go to a dang party at Tyler Perry's?!!! You just lost my vote #Obama!!!
I really dont know where my head is today -.-
With at u2 and muse sorry you didn't make the cut
So ready for the remake so long as they dont CGI eff it up RT : I watch old episodes of Ninja Turtles & get excited.
"They are the gracious gifts of the most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy."
U just hit someone who was O-4 tonight... what the actual fuck Eveland
'm hi' I definitely will! Saw you at the Variety Playhouse--you were beyond awesome!
Reggie better make me some damn enchiladas -__-
17 - my lucky number.
Holy shit! I had no idea today was April fools day :/ I could of done so many pranks at work.
Love side effects. If you take A and B and C, and have condition D, and do E, you will get F. And F F-ing sucks.
loving ur set in San diego
try vocabsushi.com! Way more fun. There's a free trial + use code 'ilovevocab' for $10 off.
of course
Want to win a free 1-year membership to the Y? Look for us at Siclovia this weekend and find out how!
my hair is un-straightened, no extentions. blah blah blah i dont give a fuck, i just want to inform you guys. :T
Happy Birthday :) <3
Have you tasted the "rainbow" yet?
maybe they will allow you to bet facebook credits? like an arcade?
Shout out to the Celtics!
sure why not
Z-CoiL shoes r custom fit & adjusted 4 overpronation (they even help correct ur gait) which will alleviate knee/back pain.
come to europe, more precisely PARIS. Pretty pleeeaaaseeeee <3 Keep up what you're doing, you are #amazing. Love xx
its not good to tell lies ya know ;p
Oh, he was fired? The statement I read implied he was quitting in disgust.
awesome thanks Katie!
get shot everyday. LOL...
Beautiful day outside for a run. Rewarded with Chick-fil-A afterwards #counterproductive?
way ahead of you. Making second cup, but get your own. There will be no coffee sharing this morning. :)
Humor is help to humanity
"Although no sculptured marble should rise to their memory, nor engraved stone bear record of their deeds, yet will their remembrance be as…
continues to reign supreme in RVA!
The awesome cartwheel video earlier today did it! Hawt! RT : Klout has just promoted me from "socializer" to "networker". How sweet ;)
oh its mine den lol
amphetamines, actually. like everyone else in the 70s.
Hey, I just noticed you caught the Ivy Bridge presentation and #upcea and then your twitter bio cracked me up. Ha, I like bears.
Libraries and Historical Societies could work together by hosting a CW150 Let's Talk About it Program, see the home page for an opportunity
L1C4 baby! What a joke!
Damn I just b looking at folks like damn I'm glad I look the way I look..cause it's hard out here..lol
youjust said one ofthe most insanely idiotic things ive heard at no point in your rambling incoherent response was there a rational thought
Family tattooing day
The Hell.... My Facebook Is Temporarily Unavailable :P
The Grove is asking for on a Saturday night lets make it happen!
Continue to be a blessing to someone
WAFFLE HOUSE IS SO GOOD
nice to meet you too !
Help us get get to 200 followers by the end of the day!! :) We Follow Back AND we donate to cancer.org !!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 5. (Don't Fear) The Reaper- Pierce The Veil
" You have to be fucking kidding me - KOCH BROTHERS ARE PAYING FOR Zimmerman legal fees ? wtf
That sounds about right!
50 minute notes on a Monday. You're killing me
Great performance by the #badgers. Gonna get ready to head to the locker room. Reax forthcoming.
Wow, such an honor to be in the choir singing with you tonight. I love your heart for worship.
I need to blow some loud.
GO LIONS
happens to us all Jason, unfortunately for me, it happens way too frequently. :-)
Cong. John Lewis: this is an idea whose time has come. ... Have taken a dream deferred and helped it find its place in history
Share my experiences with Madison Mastermind Group. Collaborating makes us all winners.
FB more important than website! I'm tired of landing on a business website only to have to go to their FB Info page to read what they do
#NorthCarolina Data Centers should be able to run on a backup generators for a few days without power
Thanks Shannon. You too. :)
Tomorrow opening up for w/ Birthday Celebration all under one roof ! Arrive early!
Where and what are you going to eat this weekend?
Posted a new tune "She Wants" Come take a listen and send some friends our way as well if you feel the music needs to be heard.
On to the next one
Joss Whedon arrived many an excellent entertainment ago, but AVENGERS has him playing with the big-big guns and I'm tickled at what's ahead.
Why is the Lone Ranger called 'Lone' if he always has his Indian friend Tonto with him?
If you love GOD retweet this tweet....
Hmm. That makes sense. But, I'm not sure if I know what the day to beat is.
If you want higher test scores and lower drop out rates, keep the arts in schools!
TEBOW DID IT AGAIN! NOW THAT IS WHAT YOU CALL AN IMPOSSIBLE COMEBACK! NEVER DOUBTED YOU TEBOW! TEBOW!!!!!! GB²
I will hehe :) i don't know when though
Lori!!! My baby, what's up?
Getting through, what about you?
Green Trade Mission departs for Brazil
#iDigBio cyberinfrastructure workshop participant list anywhere?
Am I the only person left in NYC who is not on a cleanse?
: That had nothing to do with me.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Anthony Safford Jr ⁰Rising 6th ⁰Indianapolis, IN ⁰Travel Team: Indy raising Stars ⁰Point Guard 5’0
“: delicious, as always!! Maybe even more so with some sunshine on the side!! :D thanks for feeding me!” anytime! At lunch tho.
I'm all of the sudden not excited for summer anymore 😔
Life couldn't be better
That's what I do every time I go to Barnes and Noble. A good way to stay young.
#Jenkins job chaining works quite well ("Build After"). I use it to sequence the execution of our 10 test suites.
haha no idea to be honest, there are guys floating around so hopefully!!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Reading your Marlins Park piece now. +eleventy billion points for the subtle Hudsucker Proxy reference
Just bought Fight Club the book and A Clockwork Orange on dvd :)
I know! :((( I should set a date for everyone to tweet
Join us Tomorrow!! May 5 for our Large-Size Shoe event! Score on women’s sizes 10.5-13 and men’s 14-16.
Off to the Nationals game with #TMNT, Faculty Guide, and Thurston residents!
- brilliant at the New York Times Small Biz Summit discussing social media and biz growth
I want to see Lin go against the Heat already!
Good night
“: Student Government elections are worse than sorority elections #drama #calmdown”
Should we buy silver? :)
:'( I KNOW! I HATE HIM FOR THAT! he just doesnt understand that ur 1 of the only people that can stand me when i talk about btr!
The Driftless Area: Wisconsin's strange geology - Boing Boing
why directed questions?
great job on the ads!! Love the Rosanne Cash song. Great way to welcome visitors!
Lol all of your are the same. I can't stand any of you.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
going going going to get rid of this headache once and for all!
any word on that "CLEEEVELLLAND CAVALIERS" ringtone?
"If you ain't in it to win it, then get the hell out!" - Marky Mark (AKA Mark Wahlberg)
We're so happy you enjoyed your stay! Safe travels, and come back to visit us.
I'd contribute like 20 bucks to that fund.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Just tipped my drink to Leonard Cohen w
I'm glad my 18th birthday is being celebrated at band competitions all day.
Important to understand the difference between ideas and execution. An execution focused exec is unlikely to drive innovation
okay can we do 4 pm?
we soo happy for you and please follow us. (:
HAHHAA! THEY SHUD BE IN A TACO BELL COMMERCIAL!
#3WordsOfAdvice Use a condom.
Agreed! : Could we maybe agree on humanizing the message? No hyperbole, corp speak, or fluff. Talk WITH me.
sometimes you have to say "no" ... But, when you say "yes" to a commitment to your child, follow through with it & keep your word.L Ridinger
Good question RT:: Let me ask u something. How does El Tigre Woods come back from being a mediocre player. Looks like #YIPS”
almost here
Me to (re: hoping you make it). That's where I'll be regardless, so planning on taking it easy beforehand so I can function.
Heyy! And no, I haven't seen it. ;o Why, is it cool? ;D
A gym won't make you feel instantly better about yourself. If a gym wanted to make you feel instantly better, it would be a bar
Wear your green to the Paramount St. Patrick's Day Dance! Sat March 13 at 8 pm "Souled Out Band" will be performing in the Ballroom. $15 pp
Home sweet home!!! Missed my bed!!!
Had a productive evening...hoping it's the start of a trend...
I have a feeling it's going to be a long summer. 2hrs 40 mins!
Having a crappy run feels so much worse at 6AM. At least it's Friday.
Lol! Kiddos are perfect for entertainment but not always that helpful when it comes to navigation. Have a great weekend :-)
Beeeeeeutiful Day today! Who's glad to be a dogwalker? ME!
Closed for the evening. We are sorry for the inconvenience, if you have any questions or concerns please email
Orca whales are absolutely horrible. Free Willy, my ass.
Stop working!
Darjeeling, India is very mountainous at 6,500 feet, with varying climate. Yields medium-strong teas, with an fruity or nutty aftertaste.
But, but, it's only Thursday!
I'm going this afternoon. You gonna do it??
THANK FOR THE FOLLOW
Had a blast in nashville down on broadway tonight with the guys.. met some people and saw some pretty crazy things. haha
adobe connect or webex: which do you prefer?
If you're an unsigned local band, you have no business having a rider. Get out.
Just polishing up that character #animation started yesterday. Keepin' up the pace...
second at bat. he struck out looking in first
RT : Sign up to receive news and views on #Office365 from the official MS Office 365 Newsletter for IT Professionals:...
About to leave the #Louisville Airport presented by YUM! Brands. Thanks for all of the cholesterol, River City!
Beat the rain to get another healthcare portrait knocked out. Thanks Joshua!
Does anyone know why my iPod keeps ringing in the New Year in 1970 every time I recharge it?
It took weeks to get it down to this few! Crazy. I'm much quicker at FB than e-mail!!
What does one do between a noon wedding and a 4pm reception other than spend the entire time driving home and back?? I need suggestions
tomcat onto of a Java application calling oracle. Looking @ what it can pull from the db - explain plan, was data cached, etc
Practice good food combining. Google it to learn!
170million users upgraded to google+ I wouldn't call it a fail, but how many choose to stick around is another question lol
Jeez! D Rose on FIRE!
follow me if your a john cena fan or gamer or if u just love the wwe just like john cena ill say it i love the wwe!!! im proud of it love it
yes yes, but my side if Bmore doesn't require Marshall law after 2am on weekends
Thinking of you! A little present will be waiting for you tonight. Wish I could have joined you all. I know you will rock it!
Since I thinking gambling is always a bad bet, I will pretend wager two dollars on my Iowa friends' Kentucky Derby entry. Go #Dullahan!
Let me get dress
Oh yeah, we got it!
hii i didnt mean that last dm i meant to reply on ur reply button
You know & love it: Tonight's dinner special is baked ziti {YUM!}, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for only $7+tax!
Hi Jimmy...not right now...but thanks for reaching out. All the best!
getting ready for our 1st #sxsw set t-minus 30min onstage now
Cinco de Mayo!!! Sucks to be underage though..lol
No matter what my mood is like, your smile always brightens my day. ♥
im good. Can't complain. Still at Rust?
*waves fingers* Here's some good juju for yuyu! :)
Why does life suck SO FREAKING BAD!!!!!??????
who tryna give me some back in the game sex lmmfao im js
It would be cold the day I decide to wear shorts to school....
send u slither pic
“: When I'm with you, I feel like that's where I belong, Honestly, it's the only place I wanna be.”
you're welcome
I am interested! Enlighten me, please
and it was great. thanks again.
I know its time to head home from the office when I get Hawaii's Daily Update email. HUGE trouble if my wife fwds it to me
I'm not saying the girls in our school are easy but they've been under more sheets then the K.
you go girl! :) ": At age 50+, simply because I can (and I also have the best running buddies)"
it offends me
I LOVE the Venture Brothers...this would be an awesome job for any artist. Good luck to all who apply! Go Team Venture! Ha.
Question: who has the most generous checked baggage allowance for domestic USA flights? I'll book w/ you if you know :)
Home of the Brave
Chillin with and celebrating Rrrrory's birthday!
I know........ I got his pick too.... I use it every time I play bass.
The bar @ the Andaz Hotel has played Pulp's "Common People" and Primal Scream's "Rocks" within the past hour.
hey isn't dirk nowitzki related to ham?
Hey I heard you were a wild one...
you ain't gettin it! :P
Are you still going to 24
Good Morning, United Way!
love yout o
I wanna see you this weekend...
lol oh my gosh, i cant believe u called me a Directionator! :D
you have to make them do it off of a crossover.
SHRM presentation in Las Cruces in June!
Very pleased with the exceptional service I just received Fixed several issues for me quickly and easily.
yeah I guess I stole the crown from u
This isn't kickball .....game on
Rest In Peace Donna Summer ;(
Ready for Tebow to open up 2012 with a win,
yes they are amazing!
RT Blasting enya in the automated sea vessel
Indigo Mortgage is committed to an ethical process throughout all aspects of your mortgage loan transaction. Why not get started today.
k bye kid.
It's almost time for the Kentucky Derby! We like the horse I'll Have Another, can you blame us? Who do you pick?
lol you know me
I love to Wave the Cruise when they get Out! (:
If can be O's GM despite being out of baseball for 10 years, can't be the PA announcer after 2 months ?
I'm thinking of going to law school just so I can open up a combination law firm and pawn shop called Lawyers, Guns & Money.
To get results in our life we must take action not just intellectualize our aspirations.
haha we'll see about that(:
It was necessary! RT : A family of four could eat for a week off the amount of White Castle bought last night.
My life, My choices, My problems, My mistakes, My lessons. Not your business, mind your own problems before you talk about mine....
The linguistic genius of babies
Can't put my finger on it but something's just not right.
I love you <3
Haha, alrighty. I figured you'd like at least ONE of the picks, lol
that's a dope beat homie... see you at Drom!
relationship start CAN WE TALK. THEY END we need to talk
Yesterdays student art exhibit went extremely well. We had many proud parent's come in and view the amazing work that our students made.
RT : Seize the day and appreciate your life because you could be brutally murdered by Death Eaters at any moment.
I hate breakups hahaha
I think it's gotten to where Keith Jarrett coughing jokes are what fart jokes are to the Normal World.
So good! Really excellent characterization, which is rare for superhero movies. Really have to hand it to Joss Whedon.
why is such an angel sent from above? <3 <3
As a Social Media strategist an sometimes manager, my ultimate goal is to empower you to do your own Social Media.
Love the podcast, man. Been listening all morning.
In love :)
Lol, my bad for not tweeting back! I'm never really on here LOL!!!!
Sometimes your friends can hurt you worse than any of your enemies could
yes im so down
you're best dan justin because you passtime with your ''fans'' and make we smile and laugh... :D
Not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another...
WSFA.com BREAKING NEWS: Alabama unemployment rate climbs to 10.0% Holy Smokes!!!
Yo peeps! Just got the okay for our location! Contact us if you wanna be a part of our next MUSIC VIDEO APRIL 5TH
Was Portland your city?
OMG! Panic First!! Think Later!
well if you find that twin & he's handsome & sweet as u, send him my way...lol...the smile is a heart melter... :)
Transatlantic literary capital necessitated new epistemologies of property, says
I try to really draw out my words to sound even more Ahhhmerrican. It's weird to hear guys say "lovely" all the time tho
Gear'n up 4 a packed day of TBLMS w/ The Tree, No Room To Breathe, The Furiousity and China Fox w/ the real
We are so very happy Cody is there with you!! We love that boy so much and I know being back home is making him so happy!
just did an incredible story about siblings on NPR
Wha? Twitter has ads now? *dislike*
Cam wakes up hyper as hell. just woke up and started singing and yelling lol
the TEBOW haters are fakers ... Fake bronco fans are they fn blind the team was with out a heartbeat TEBOW rejuvenated
like the red Nike jackets you guys are rocking today.
#Coffee is keeping my mind sharp and my eyes open. It's a medical fact.
Yes I totally believe that.
"There's nothing quite like urinating out in the open air." ~ Agent Cooper
bath him
lol im doin hair RT Giving her time with her BOO!! She is really enjoying it bc I have not heard from her...
Well, they ARE the best headphones around
why didnt you tell me !?
Can't wait for an early morning WOD tomorrow to lift my spirits!
Thanks! Will keep you posted on life as database administrator (rather than metadata librarian)
working late-- pre-production on commercial shoots coming up... looking forward to late dinner.. hungry!
western digital makes the best externals. Never had an issue with em. Any time I try others I regret it.
Everytime I See Rihanna Oomf Cross My Mind....
i just got my nose pierced it did'nt hurt at all ...i was scare tho lol
Can't complain about the late calls fans this should have been done a long time ago. Screwbulls''t
I'm down to play!
When I told my best friend that I had been likened to Carson McCullers, she said, 'I get it - you're her without the soul-sucking tragedy!'
First PA gig started: holding down a parking spot for the next hour and a half.
RIP Adam Yauch? Wow...
AJ Green was 17th in receiving yards last yr, 21st in TD catches. Players reacting more to potential than production there.
Lets go Cards!
"Ravi zacharias" in the house. Love me some Indian accents..& Indian people. Ptl!
wish I had a decent mic as the best band in the world is playing right now in my living room
Put us in your #FF and we'll follow you!
Nice to see you on Monday at the unCon. Didn't realize I was following you. We were in the first session together
I need u to get w/ beginning of june after memorial wknd need track finished
that's what I'm trying to do
proposes to tonight on #KeepingUpWithTheKardashians!! cant wait!! :)
iHeartRadio Music Festival. MGM Grand. Las Vegas. September 23rd & 24th. Next chance to win tickets & the trip...6:35 on !
What a great bday gift! CONGRATS! RT : Thanks for all the grammy congrats! Its been a fun 18 hours ... and my Bday is tomorrow!
