swine flu?
This entourage shit is going to happen bro.
#camnewton falls short on Madden cover! Still great to be 1 of final two.. Plus there's that curse thing!
doing good :-) how about you?
I like 's idea of collaboratively writing to a prompt in gdocs to open a session.
captivating on Charlie Rose.
yeah I know I apologize :(
#Breakfast was a #success !
At the gym again
M&M cats are cool like chestacheeto :)
We hope you'll join us as we ring in the New Year, but we also want you to plan ahead to get home safely. RTD is offering FREE RIDES on...
America, we have very fond memories of the folks that were lost on 9/11/2001 but let's rise up now and let's make a difference for everyone
#icantgoadaywithout getting on twitter & facebook :) 8]
how much time is there left in the game?
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
glad you had fun!!
I can't wait to hoop 😁
didn't know you was an Aquarius. (Like me) Happy Birthday, enjoy an ve safe!!
exactly. A bit pretentious, you think?
no matter what I say no matter what I do every little thing reminds me of you
I'm obviously just not good enough for you. I like you so much though.
A studio away from living space would be pretty awesome!
Atleast I can say we played a speakeasy.
very good question my dear 💔
B2B is actually more open to letting employees represent the brand in social versus B2C
Show us who you are! What is one thing you do everyday? Check out bit.ly/u6RHyv Send videos to !
every time its the same
Ion really fuck wit nobody nomo !
yeah yo. I should be done by 430
“: expressway lova jamming” appreciate that my dude!
How was his face when he heard ? : How BLESSED am I??? No Joking My Son just asked me who has thrown for Most Yds in Playoffs”
damn aint been on herr in a min wts goin on
Just realized that gmail actually supports sign-ins for multiple accounts, now i just need to switch between my accounts - very nice!
lucky! i've only been there once! :/
CO House assembled for roll call and now headed to party caucuses; won't return to floor until after 1p.
Like riding a bike RT : Delmon Young grounded into his first double play of 2012.
Take me to another place where I’ll be ...
#BOYFRIEND is my ringtone and I listen to it everyday! Thanks for makin the best music! :)
this is important.
oh goodness these designs are cute
did he tell you that.??
If it is so bright that you have to squint, you’d better wear sunglasses!
Ya..back your ass off westbrook..
I really need someone to join me at Midlake concert at 9:30 club tonight. Rogue Wave opening.
RT : And if you want a college degree but can't pay cash, I'd suggest studying paupering somewhere without Stand Your Ground laws.
omg me either<21
hell yeah!!! It's going to be epic!! : "Super excited to bring to the super secret bar in center city tonight"
doing a little shopping online;)
welcome. the best place to start to try & get the word out is local social/tech influencers, media outlets, & biz organizations.
Myles: "what if cows eat weed...? "the stakes will be high" Ryan: 1 Myles: 0
great show saturday
Musicians are such drama queens! Good grief! I do not exclude myself btw... ;)
true I'm about to get a vid of it turning over.. Nothing else to do... Hah!
aww my little brother wrote a good poem, so proud of him :'D
Im winning in excess always :-DRT That Awkward Moment when u find out ppl dedicate their time in hating on u, Thats when u know U r
OK. I have a crush on Zooey, but her eyes in that totally creep me out. I'm choosing to blame Instagram.
follow me .
There still are too many of us who have not yet had that straight person awakening -racism & homophobia come from the same ugly place.
Removing the existing label and applying your brand label On t-shirt for a low price contact
Hey people I need help I need people to go follow
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb
Just eating great chicken while watching the #REDWINGS play. 2-0 Let's WIN! (:
Just finished watching "35 and Ticking" and um, yeah....that's all I have to say about that.
What can we do here on Facebook to make your Summer better?
Giants won!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #2: “By false belief that great speakers are simply lucky to have been born with natural speaking skills.”
I'm yellin ya, it would be a huge success!
I've decided I want a fez for my birthday.
we definitely can help ya! :) stop in anytime
"Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought." -- Albert Szent-Gyoergi
About to do a long flight on a very small jet, gulp: DFW >>> SFO
oh its been so crazy lately! I've been really busy!! how are you?
lmao if not you know where to find me
Thank ya
Coach on Survivor is unbelieveable! There has never been a guy like him on there yet.
love, love, love my new #dryden collection in my new bathroom.
great meeting your fantastic team today
#w2e employees must be empowered to deal with empowered customers. IT needs to become BT "business technology"
Griffin just b#*slapped a massive dunk
When You On Ya Shit They Gone #Hate BlackShadeMafia
hey guys. im hungry.
you really need back to break down this Tebow race factor. Nobody breaks it down better.
Fuck my headphones are broke -__-
To anybody that can breathe louder then the guy next to me, ill give you $5
Lol read between these two red lines ^ ... U dont matter
Woke to my sunshine
I'm here until 4! :)
I need to fucking pee this is so annoying
SHOUT, SHOUT, LET IT ALL OUT!
Its always something ...
Apparently it's on YouTube, so I might as well. I just have this bad feeling that I won't feel much sympathy for characters.
Beermosa. This changes everything.
dont even attempt ever try to downtalk the black woman if you aint getting Oprah Winfrey money......
Slimgoodie!from the underground to the mainstream!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy!
#Don'tgiveupbecause the best is yet to come!
My name is Mrs. Engelsias....help me I'm poor.
Headed to formalize new partnership for exchange program w/ Jiao Tong University in Shanghai on #AsiaTrinity Tour w/
that would be sick bro.
I can't wait to get home I got some skulls I crush lol
But if ur wondering let me kno :P
Analytics in social have a long way to go, says Lisa Hsia #sxswbybravo - looks like she should talk to you,
Online shopping, I might have a problem.
Apparently tomorrow is ALSO Nat'l Corndog Day. We may have to take a trip up to
is waging a war against the Germans in his body.
We had a blast!!!! We love you guys and the Festival. The audience was amazing!!!
Hey I'm still getting spam messages from you. Please change your twitter password and it should fix the problem. Thanks!
Looking back at how when we first met and being together now > > > > > >
I agree, he's pretty cool :). Let's get dinner when is back in the U.S.A.!
gonna have to flake out on this one, see you guys next week!
So can I get a refill?
Oh No! Now I've got Kris Katan and Will Ferrell in my head. What is Love?
Have you been to the new ? That place is looking good!
where did you have this? Beautiful garnish... Like pink socks on a pig!
Will you eat cheese with maggots - just showed in Bizzar Food! - Andrew Zimmerman said it was really good!
Listen To ND Sing N Sex Ain't Better Than Love by Ma FAV
...or two more weeks for Max Payne for us PC dorks. Kinda hating that two week wait trend.
Cause im with you and you're with me! <3
Wow! That's so nice from Justin Bieber to do a song for his Mum! I'm sure Pattie is proud of him...
...that writer being Shaun Brady, of the City Paper.
Fun event for the Yolo County Children's Alliance tonight! rocked the mic AGAIN for a great cause!
thanks bro. Will give it a try. They come and go.
6 yrs ago I lost a huge piece of my heart when I lost my dad to Leukemia leaving a huge void in my life.Miss you everyday & love you Dad.
Thank you for investing in my campaign to continue serving as a champion at Metro Hall for folks in #TheNewD1!
When ya gonna post the vids on youtube? Everyone is waitin'! #ohthesuspense!
I'm great thanks, How are you? <3 X
Heading out to run some errands. Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Finna pour up hell its been a long week and I need a damn drink #peachciroc it is
Good luck- does he play chess?
what youu mean if I'm not? That bee youu when youu get around people!! :/
Students demand that discussion leader define terms, e.g., is movement just a term for "progressives"? what is "progressive"?
Holy shit - me and android just super cleaned our house.. Like gutted it and threw every unnecessary thing away! It feels amazing!!
That's AWESOME! RT : at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
have fun!!!
just send us a direct message with an address an how many tickets you would like and we will get them out to you.
So tired.
People do that to my dog as well. Big shocker that she is no fan of biker wheels.
I am on a plane
Need to smoke now!
I love the city of Charlotte, NC!
We will be Hank Williams 3 2nite at the Blind Pig - Ann Arbor, MI
ck out simply grand music
Who should make up the next board at #madisonsmc? Get to know the candidates at Wandos 6-8 pm #meet&greet. specials
Mahatma Gandhi The future depends on what we do in the present.
Always happy to help.
* we shouldv went to Red Lobsters . . . .i want some of that garlic bread shit .
think that's why it's kept by water !
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an ex-violinist, & one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Awkward moment when people take sarcasm to the extreme. I'm laughing so hard...(: x
aaron.tv version 3.0 soon?
Wrigley needs to stay EXACTLY like it is - FOREVER!
Nope....saw him on Jimmy Kimmel
may the lord be with you man! rather you pull out a win or not. you've been true to your word since high school. Life=journey!
good and yourself it's been a long time man
I hope my client's products are never perceived as "crappola".
I know right but I want my morning !! I have work and a interview in the afternoon :(
Are there fewer female comics out there b/c of how male comics treat them? I don't know. That's unrelated to anything I wrote.
how does one run out of soymilk?! That means no match either!
I also feel like I can't see, which is weird because my new glasses are finally the same prescription as my contacts.
Everyone post the link to our page as your status!! SO CLOSE TO 1000!!!!!
Your job is super cool. Have fun, and share a pic! :)
I wish you would read his bio... I had my doubts but his story is truly amazing. As I Christian, I truly admire him.
At least ONE of us is amused. ;)
google it or YouTube it lol
Stick around. Some folks are fond of you w/o drama or bullshit.
no probb baby :)
About to work on this golf swing
Wow! Thanks! RT : Honored to be a part of #MarchforBabies305! Follow as we walk for healthier babies in Miami.
oh alright cause we in already
5K Color Run today :)
Everyone who helped plan this year's DIY Trunk Show has our hearts full-to-bursting. Thank you all for making yesterday's show amazing.
bumped into Matt vitamonte at the guardsmen party
Early effin' call time tomorrow. AGAIN. I hope the weather doesn't screw me tomorrow.
Missing the family already
follow us?....and lol I hope u get sleep!:) haha -Ashley
It's not too late--you still have 8 hours to GIVE TO THE MAX! $4,645 given to The Bakken in just 16 hours! $5,355 left in matching funds!
Lookout weekend cuz here I come >>> “: looking forward to the weekend”
RT : #seattlepd Riding around the Pike/Pine area talking with different business owners. Rain and wind are keeping people inside.
Quote of the Day "If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought." -Peace Pilgrim
"In college I had to dropout of Calculus because I did not understand it and yet I never called Newton a fraud." from Is Modern Art a Fraud?
is a cool dude, and he doesn't even talk. That; takes; skills.
It is kind of unfortunate...but who can't love Carrie Bradshaw?
The Lakers are gonna get SWEPT, and imma love every second of it
Have the balls to suck openly.
Lets see how SA responds too a real competitor
looks like a wild night kiddies! :) love it!
I question Biden's promises. After all, he promised he wouldn't be VP in 2008 (look it up).
Rebeca! We must catch up soon! Would love to have you teach a chainmaille class.
no rain today :( but last week we got 1.7". After that, my firespike stood up straight, but today its back to droopyness
“: it was backed up as far as I could see either way. My bus stop is @ Urbane & turns on 9th.” At Olive & Howell
are you gonna play sfxt at the tournament
So excited for #Girls Got Rhythm Fest!! Opening for #Ronnie Spector and #5678s tomorrow!!!
bow chicka wow wow
Last day of camp.. :'( thanks to all who helped us out this year!!
I still have a night light. I'm 23. So what.
Love the blog! Name is classic!!
who like's metal flowers that are hand made?
You are missing his point. He is saying he would rather do/see a thoughtful movie than a blockbuster action film.
Ending to a fun filled toptional day. Ask ANYONE who was here. Not one fight and everyone left with memories! Great life!
Close! GREAT commercial
What's Up =) How's Ur Spring Break Niggah..!
Getting ready for a #BEASTMODE session
lls! i Bet! lil nasty self!
don't start 😖
Rabbit, rabbit.
Coffee, eggs, NPR and yoga make for the happiest Sunday mornings.
seems to have been hacked...or he's tried alcohol for the first time. Kids all over my TL sounding crazy!
MiniBük is in Seattle for #tsdday TechStars Demo Day and Seattle Interactive Conference
Watching first 48 bout to cook dinner then watch the game
My film "Make-Up" will screen today at 11pm in Cinema Paradise Theater 503 S.E. 6 st. 1 block E. of the Broward County Court House in Fla.
your tinman is pretty cool! haha. how do you find time to make all of those things?
My first prank-less April Fool's Day. Ah, maturity - you're just no fun.
Okk Off To Bed Gotta wake Up Really Early Tmrw.... Gonna Go For My Schedule Night Twitter && Friends Lol
RT": Breathe. It's just a bad day, not a bad life."
she has been refused to participate to the fully booked Archive 2020 conference... :(
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
He'll always be here through you :-).
duh thats a given lol. MISS YOU!!!
#scms12 it takes a network to analyze a network: they seem self-generating
"Numeric Code: 93"
Legendary ~ is currently outstanding fan of & are very talent singers. Sam deserve best. He met them.
brock lesnar betrayed stfu pussy. ufc undisputed lol dude got his ass beat, he sucks.
see u over there in a few
the leading authority on the #NHL would be one Mr , you're welcome!
thanks eric! we love #tealeafgreen and will have more coverage of them coming soon!
Still haven't tried Marmite. I imagine it must taste bitter, sweet and fruity. And brown.
Went out with a Finnish girl from the hostel tonight and tried to spread that not all Americans are dumb...hard message to spread
About 16% of kids' total calories come from added sugars, new report finds.
lucky guy lol
Do I really? :o omg how embarrassing :p lol “ "You say the nastiest shit in bed and it's fuckin' awsome"”
Ok singers, did you notice how much the girls on #AmericanIdol were playing with their hair? Obnoxious.
Every once in awhile I'm reminded to be more selective about who I follow on Twitter. So as not to be like the rest of the sheep...
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic
Try navigating a van and trailer through all that in two hours. It's fun.
thanks for stopping by! keepin it local!
morning jeydon, what are your plans for today? :]
So I've heard
*scrolls tweets*
Lumberjack slam me please. N/H
I quite agree ... I'm checking the details now and will share soon!
Rep. Paul should be asked if he agrees with his son on the law. How far does the apple fall from the tree?
True wisdom! RT : Intelligent. Attractive. Emotionally stable. Pick two.
going at it with some Steelers fans. He's not mentioning who though, we will report to you who it is if we find out.
In Living Color returns in April. Wow! Excited
When thinking about G+, think beyond just the tool. Think about the implications of any new tool that enters the marketplace.
y what happened?
Money dont make me i go and make money
Where is your favorite place in DC and why. Best answer gets a #free ticket to film fest. DM us!
lol so you can get a job and go to school. I do that shit.
the t shirt
lol now lets see if u can back it up!!! hm?
"Me and niggas ya type never exchange numbers, wanna conversate, and steal game from us..."
Do they need to go to re-finishing school?
just spitballing here ... because reading is harder to teach, and you only get one good shot to do it right?
Thiss gay ass dude jus got on mii nerves ..
RT- grammar// correcdt grammar on Twitter...really?? Seriously.
YOUR AND YOU'RE. YOU ARE IN 8TH GRADE YET YOU CAN'T EVEN KNOW THE DIFFERENCE IS. ugh
Kids like this aren't worth the $25 an hour.
Lunchtime with the boss for his third birthday...his pick, pancakes... Aretha Frankensteins downtown Chattanooga
I'm a cautionary tale for your children.
Justin Drew Bieber.<3
Thanks for that. And we've been enjoying your show too!
Passion pit
Idc when someone says bad things. but when it comes to my boyz. bitch you better back off.
hopefully my time to shine will be very soon, with the new and up coming Talent/Record label coming up and all,
sorry i'm not home right now, i'm walking into spiderwebs so leave a message and i'll call you back.
Has anyone ever used streamclip before? If you dont sit in front of it does the video reexport when its done? This shit has repeated thrice.
lol were they at your house? Where was he trying to take his beer?
you were part of that family!
us with your BEST oneliner and you could win two tickets to Saturday's show! (10:30PM Tickets regularly $6)
Need a game developer company..
I've literally put the release date for the new Harold and Kumar 3-D movie on my calendar. In Ink.
I am. It's just so...unexpected.
Agreed. I think programming should fill high school foreign language requirements.
I'm a horrible coach.
or flasks
No better way to end the great weekend than watching #OnceUponATime and
That's absolutely despicable. Back to "if." Not your fault, but this failure of communication is disparaging. gf
What do u mean?
Never think about what could go wrong...you should think about what could go right.
Q4: Keeping myself from being distracted by family and housework etc needing to be done is a BIG challenge for me
sampling of Cravaack legislation: HR 2442 Rural County Mandate Relief Act; HR 801, Truck Weight Uniformity Act
The girl with the dragon tattoo has many nominations at the oscars tonight
Dancing With The Stars 2012 Week 7 Elimination Result: Jaleel White eliminated, Roshon Fegan saved by judges
Thanks, Bethany! Can't wait.
28 degrees? Are you kidding me?
And now after that session, I have a crap ton of French released tunes to buy.
guys calm down squirrels invented parkour
oh yeah, man bro ain't come last time... I'mma hold my money till I know 4 sure... What's the venue?
Mad shout out to stay home be nasty shop online link is on my profile. Free shipping on everything allyouneedolga.webstore.com
so tired and bired but still up and watching TV
Early morning on set at the PayPal shoot. I wish someone did my hair, makeup and wardrobe everyday :)
Sigh -- that's not the startup mode I've been talking about ;)
: is coming to Dallas,Tx. Please come out and hang with us!
We are 2 wks away from our final pilot taping b4 we pitch the show. Jul20 at with guest FREE ADMISSION
aw man, that sounds awesome, but I have a lunch date with my wife!
strong like bull lol 😊
"Prestige is about increasing respect." #Fascinate #mptech from
GOOD :D
Thanks from me too. Happy Friday!
Curious - what are the dimensions of that piece?
So... who likes Ed Sheeran?
i hate being hungry, you and me know this better than anyone i think
#ThingsMyMotherSays it would be nice to see your face once in a while
finally getting snow?
I am too... weird
Manchester City are Champions. Was it a great feat by SAF to keep a disjointed UTD in the race for goal diff? Or an overrated City fluke?
Are you seriously trying to deny that "rescission" docs were forged? Is that CTA's formal position?
Looting? RT : So what does LA Kings, #CLIPPERS and Lakers all in PLAYOFFS at same time mean? A FLAG on EVERY car in SoCAL!!
They were a good band!
this means war
3 Brewers stats that won't last all year: Weeks has more walks than hits. MIL 15th in National League in ERA, 14th in NL in batting average.
Thank you for following me on tweeter and add as friends yay!
remember when you put away the dirty dishes?
Within 3 minutes of walking into heard 3 women ask about 50 Shades of Grey. And it was RIGHT THERE front & center. Lol
Attention fans we have a sighting on Twitter aka
#wafflehouse trending? Ah! The memories: college yrs, the official after-party spot. Can it be it ws all so simple then? :) Thx
Thanks O'Reiley auto parts for selling me the wrong bulb for my blinker, & then watching me struggle in the parking lot for 30 minutes
Coming down from Roc to ski tomorrow. Hopefully the rain today doesn't ruin all the snow
Blah Blah Blah I Ish Bored lol :P
Hello and goodmorning!
how's work bitchasss
the 21 champion skins on sale & there are som champions on sale to go along with the skins..
funny shit really. stay up!
how much?
Remember in first grade, if you were the line leader you were the shit!
I'm going to see Bodies tomorrow. Anyone know of any deals / coupons???
Always stand on the side of truth... For truths foundation will outlive all the lies.....
ok.... I give u that! Hey, u feeling better?
Good idea, lad. ♥
Great brunch with and ! Wonderful to meet you all!
. relating fight of #UXD to gain legitimacy in biz to the fight #PR pros have fought for decades.
milwaukee is a hub city. so the only way to make it ,is to get the hell out of here
17 - my lucky number.
you should come to florida in the summer ill take you scuba diving lol
I've not been on Twitter much but when I saw "Booksandwine" I smiled! After I finish writing today, books and wine best idea!
the true romantic: works at being a mind reader
What's up yall??;
Because it brings the damage! High school heroism like a mash-up of Bellow's consciousness and an existential Hardy boy.
is ther best singer in the whole world and its the truth!!!!:)
Add the element of surprise with table lamps! They don't need to match, but should have similar colors & shape and be the same height.
is still #TheVoice in my eyes. Proud of what he accomplished in this season.
it would be fun to do a book with stories and recipes from our childhood !
": Great news #GoPackGo -RT : A knee sprain for Greg Jennings...glad it wasn't any worse!"
The Economist: "In Homs they are burying their dead under cover of darkness, for fear that the mourners...will become the next victims."
I VOTED CHILE FOR YOU AND <33
It is bedtime. Need sleep. Sick parents suck.
Listening to Scott Case for the launch of 350 peeps loving #startups & #entrepreneurs. Represent #Hoosiers!
I CANT WAIT THT LONG!
Does it matter? I mean awakening or satori or whatever we call it... what style of teaching it transmits through?
of course you will, kid!
RT: “: getting a workout in where yat, ?”
ready for our party. Lol
I wish you a sweet and special day...
I used it a while, but it didn't recognize the (off-the-beaten track /cheap) hotels I booked & I usu. had to enter info by hand.
What's the move for tonight? Def not staying in the crib
i think its about time we get rajon rondo a nickname... #thesurgeon is just too good when passing the ball
haha that's the whole point Girl!! ;)
“: Check out this awesome campaign from ! As far as we're concerned, the more spandex, the better!” awesome!
Oh shizzz RT : 15 minutes to go. Will tonight be a Lamar King or Cortez Kennedy type day for the # Seahawks
in another life, I will make you stay
Happy Easter!:)
hahaha you're
Not liking this debate format
Official Title of my #seniorthesis of #graphicdesign APPROPRIATION OF INFORMATION, GRAPHICS, AND MATERIALS: THE FAIR USE COMMUNITY IN CRISIS
I say sharpshooters or get some drinks and chill.
Juwan Howard look like Mike Epps
fair enough. have been talking about it for awhile now anyway....
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon and he also founded PETA
yep, Brain Farm killed it w
Your mom is a new and unexpected development.
Just finished a wedding and starting on next one and same rascal flatts song bless the broken heart is in this wedding for first dance to.
yes more stuff to buy
awesome, have fun!
I hate him ughh!.
I think they're mostly creepy dating website promotors. I've been here a week and I feel like I already have some weird disease.
Hey Amy, How goes things? IS SNHU switching to Canvas? when you get back, give me a buzz so we can catch up.
Me and my family got 4 rows behind home plate reserved and a suite at this atlanta braves game..happy bday to me
Employers requesting Facebook passwords - even though its illegal- candidates just create two accounts!
That moment when you get a crush on the most inconvenient person possible
#ChangedMyLife #amazing all love for my lil cuz....love u bro...keep up the good work..we gon make it!!!
My sister always always always gives me the best advice. She's amazing...
Holland throws 2-hitter for Rangers in the #WorldSeries and gives bullpen a break in the 4-0 win for TX- it's now best of three for title.
that's the spirit!
RT : Note to Photogs: use a small watermark on your images, put a photo credit and link on all your photos too
Awesome job on the video! Talk about putting your skills to use. Love it, so proud of you!
#FF love u guys
thanks for the thanks! We'd love to see what you are doing with
lol totally!! Just sent it, hopeu like it, but let me know if you think it's lacking...really want to make it the best i can :)
Eric Benet better hit those high notes!!
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)
Thank you Amanda, it was a pleasure seeing you as well, Hope to see you on tour soon!
Great product! ": Are you ready to network at the 2012 #OSDBU Procurement Conference today? We ARE visit us at booth 320!
come on yall, aint no joke, lets watch the world go up in smoke!
oh i see, I really have no preference but ive heard the 3D isnt worth it
Smoking pipe makers #Continental and #Alibaba #IHaveAnIdea ! for you. Talk to me about a modern, novel, easy invention. 13112
The winter belonged to #BlockBoys. The spring and summer will belong to us as well. #TheGeniusTheMadness monday #BlockParty this summer
bouta finish this paper reaall quick!
Post it on the band wall!
pinterest has made me realize that my home is useless unless stocked with vinegar and old pallets
“: Looking for a late dinner? Don't forget we're open until 8!”
you need to follow this gal!.
please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me (: #ILoveYou <33
6. day: I love this juice and raw food diet! I have so much energy, my sleeps are amazing, and when I work out I feel like a superwoman!
Not so much..
THE WINNER IS: wins the fab Chill Pad from ! Well done!
good point. we should work on info lit more broadly, but get sucked into the 1st yr research paper that's the Eng dept's domain
standing next to her she seems nice lol she's had a long two days of shooting
no one will tell me who I can and cannot be.
National Siblings day- however you decide to celebrate, remember, they are still your siblings
Waiting rooms are gross. And boring.
Defended my dissertation!
Step #3  Advertising on search engines and other various networks; placing an ad is a form of art
Peeling potatoes for 15 seconds, and cut my finger! haha
How's everyone doing tonight? Who's excited for NHL Playoffs??
My Old nigga MAD My new nigga GLAD but i dont know why imma dawg him like my LAST
I support a boy named The thing is, he doesn't know I exist, but that wont stop me from being a Mahomie. Ily Austin
#iJustWannaSay "Why can't I sleep?" this question keeps me awake at night
Prose was too purple before, anyway, but i need to finish before I'm living in friend's car.
How can Plaxico get 3 years for shooting himself? When a lady who left her child in the car for 7 hours and it died, might get off.
Don't let your storm go to waste. Life's trials are meant to make us better, not bitter.
how am I supposed to get you to notice me long enough to follow me in the SEA of your 2 million + followers?!
Just so EVERYBODY KNOWS.... today is 's birthday !(: heheheeh 
What a wonderfully productive day. :)
Nice, that's a true Celtics fan there
I love you from Pluto and back
making red velvet cake, awkard moment when it is purple cux not enough food color
Just finished off with a great casting call. Have some good talent to consider. One more next weekend to make sure everyone gets a shot...
Happy Valentines Day!
Watching the race having a cold one
Growing up I was always taught never to talk to strangers… now in business and they said talk to everyone…
well meow I know that
Junior, RIP.
Yeah but no matter what we do this year, we just don't have a huge PON that can be addressed at eleven
nice to know about you
Had Golden PrideFor Breakfast.
Officially sick of lists. 10 ways to attract attn & not say anything of value.
I need there's got to be great diving, what about surfing??
car died while moving out, good thing there was a hot guy to jump it
#ff & thanks for the support/follow guys!
F racking, is only as clean as the company that is F racking. Drink your own water. The dangers are not overstated.
And all the people were singing... R.I.P.
calling (: hehe making calls . But it says all lines are closed blah !
Brought my kids to visit West Metro live burn training. Inspiring to see professionals teaching the next generation. Kids liked the trucks.
OMG LIVE CHAT SO EXCITED!!! :D
We leave whatever team that was that wore our uniforms today in Colorado. Our team comes back now.
Love it! "GIS as a gateway drug at the " -Laurent
Logan looking good!
Giving up the blackberry today but stuck with T-mobile so I can't get an iphone :( what's the best droid?
Some folks ain't used to shit lol broadcasting what u have ain't cool it's middle school
Well deserved...quickly becoming one of the better #2 WRs in the NFL
post more info!
Watch Fox 59 News tonight in Indianapolis for a story on BitWise's involvement with the 2012 Indianapolis Super Bowl!!
plz follow me i need more followers plz
Haha, I know, I saw the comeback - just tryin to give you shit. Flyers win tomorrow & you may as well bring out the brooms brah
I want purple beats. But hey Soror I saw someone with Royal Blue Beats <3
Richard Koshalek speaks on transformational change and the bond between architecture and the vision of an institution
4 DJ's battle it out to be the next Sneaks Up DJ..all goes down on 2/12/2012 @ V Bar...
Sunday is always a funday ~
Are your damn parents still arguing ?
Thank you for including my post on Team Emotion in the May edition of Agile Chronicles.
Cool! Thanks.
I LOVE BINGE eating!! At night! When I'm starving!!!!
Visit our friends for their 2-year Anniversary Party today! Then come hang out with us for the afternoon!
You've got my vote. Better get your acceptance speech ready!
" A Disobedient child Never Prospers "
Deactivating Facebook has the similar satisfaction and accomplishment of a bowel movement.
i'm convinced that saves all.
New Videos Dropping Soon
#hth2012 social media helps give small archaeology staff big voice on campus and beyond
Eat pussy in your liesure time...it will keep you pretty happy.
nothing much and you ?
I bet she makes me look like a puss :/ “ but shes beast !! Okay (:”
RT : chillin at my freinds house you? Bout to go to blue Courts
Granger really hasn't been that big of a factor for the Pacers this year. This is a pretty typical night for him.
I don't think we can be friends after that comment.
Just watched a scene of Just us that we filmed and cried. That angry person is NOT me. Damn reality tv. Lol
yes! Tonight during much needed relaxing time!
Good morning! We're working on some menu updates for summer. Have any special requests for the summer menu?
Turkey Game ^-^
Once a good dress circulates around #pinterest it is sold out...
Lol u can try
need to email me at
yes we are! You can also send to too. Thank you for the interest.
Ha Ha! RT They don't make shows like full house any more. Probably because the Olson twins are to big now.
No one likes New Jersey, in my experience. It's the armpit/landfill of America.
Hey everyone! Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have great prices on all your favortie toys and games!!
I'm doing the Tin Roof/Paddock/2 Keys circuit with a friend.
wow you're so beautiful!
#ff great person to follow!
Thx 4 following me. facebook April lakergirl Bynum. Also Apriss the model like my fan page #FF also me
My guitar string just broke, Outta the blue. I wasnt even touching the guitar is what Im sayin.
Oh you fancy, huh?
But I'm agervated
Fortis Earns $121 Million in First Quarter
That's weird :O
Enjoying the tweets from Quebec! Still figuring out how to connect the bits -- Twitter to Facebook, etc.
Good morning RT : “: Good morning fashion hearts!”GM
Hm. DnD planning or do some more freelance webmaster work (that I'm really doing for free)? I think DnD planning for now.
It is $85 for reserved seating. I'll take my chances & try to get single game tickets for just the UK games. Those are $10.
Here is the number for any help you need selling on Ebay - 866-540-3229. They have a great Customer Support System.
been in a quake yet?
Always remember where you came from.
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight. Thank you all for comin out. Good times.
Always blows my mind that it takes us an hour to traverse distances that our ancestors spent weeks crossing.
That moment in high school when I got to buy a wedding dress and it was the greatest thing ever
June through August? Wonderful! I'll see you then.
63 days and 21 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
Where do I sign up to Audition for a Travis Porter video???
Yes, I have! And it's the best feeling. Glad you're having such a great night. :-)
I can totally believe is rockin it! How did yours go??
I see everyone is still on the same page .Thought we had another book..
We can go higher than the sun!
I swear Glenn Beck is Jiminy Glick. Even the name 'Glick' is a portmanteau of his name. You've fooled us all Martin Short!
Thanks Diane! RT Happy to be an accredited business partner of I value trust and credibility don't you?
Dr Dre is a licensed medical practitioner.
peace to you as well!
sorry to know that person has the same passport as me.
one of my biggest frustrations, it is their job to do what is best for students, true avoidance of doing what is best for children.
Sweet 360 view! We need to come by and check out the new digs. ;)
lol the curse of the cornrows!! oh shit
Defendant Mickey Wagstaff is staring expressionlessly at the judge as the jury instructions are read. Opening stmnts up next.
Crappy night last night and a really busy day today
pull the tampon out...
his loss.
I'm n teaxs...u don't even begain 2 understand what heat is...lol
Not to jump in here ;) The financial issues are tied with social issues. You cannot address one w/o the other.
Once, years ago, my son didn't get a job b/c of his poor handwriting. True story. (Lesson learned.) Hm, would that even matter now?
It takes 8 to 14 mos. to get job ready for hireing workers, maybe 2 yrs.
sure do!!
Changing it up as robert and me as brandyn w my cool as spelling
Pow-wow brings ancient tradition to SCSU - shawls for women
Is anyone surprised about The Artist winning? They themed all of the presentation clips around it.
If your ever caught sleeping in class slowly raise your head and say in Jesus name, Amen!
This weekend was Awesome < went steam punk and anime fashion show, saw Dentia Odigie in concert and went to a mission game.
A thorough #familyreunion guest list is key! Not having enough chairs and tables can make things uncomfortable.
Everyone has the power to inspire and change the world #leadership #leadfromwithin -- Lolly Daskal ()
Heading over to Hawthorne for some good writing lessons! Now, snow, stay away for a little while...
Freeze warning in effect
LCC softball hosts SW Oregon at Tamo at 2 p.m. Friday. Pregame ceremony to honor longtime LCC coach Tim Mackin and his 10 championships
Thanks for the support!!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP implementation experience, in a financial or manufacturi…
Would put more blame on bldg owner. Plans for site got approval during boom years, but owner didn't move.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
True. Rory is a good pick. I've narrowed my picks to 2 Americans though, Mahan and Watney.
its 2:31pm, and im nackered, might just sleep all day ;D
secret love, my escape, take me far, far away.
Headed to The Bay..
Yay returns today! Welcome back :-)
Last time I went to SEC tourney in NOLA UK lost in champ game. #1996 Won NCAA #ChannelingBrian LOL!
RT if you LOVE Italian food!
": A Finnish friend of mine told me u enjoyed my band theFALLEN's free track! :D Xx" what soundtrack?! :-D
Ok. First episode of Fringe. Yeah. Love it. Gonna have to watch it all now, damn you JJ.
just booked a bigger limo for #securitywineout. anyone else want in?
Walked out of the room for the HR ball to longoria and missed it by a second. Walked out again for a pitch and bam. Tie ball game.
i love you so muchh check out my new fb pics of me in my halloween costume that ima wear mon <3
nothing ha why does everyone think me and Josh are dating.!?(:
'Be strong and of good courage, and do it; do not fear nor be dismayed, for the LORD God — my God — will be with you.' (1 Chronicles 28:20)
Don't stare directly at it! YOU'LL GO BLIND!!!!
Just sent you an email re: unconference.
I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND THANK YOU POLITELY.
is one of my favorite people on this planet. Thank you for being a friend.
Modern and traditional
I know bro! Thank goodness for iPhones.
Might get a drink tomorrow
Listening to a interesting presentation of the Arizona Memory Project
Thank you & ! It was fun, but now we're exhausted. xoxo
oh yea i agree, i was just saying i can see why ppl like it more, so many more upsets, every game means more etc
me too!!😡 lol glad I got to see you😊
“: Seeing timely reminder to use #gwerrick hashtag on this lovely day!”
#Team📱 That's all
great work today. Get some rest. You deserve it. Kudos to the whole team.
Why do you have to delete?
Um I didn't realize how THICK Lebrons headband is... LAWD have Mercy...
Mr. Tripodi said that twitter for teenagers is just a public way to text people #soright #lol 😂
Raji is ok. Husband/wife couple and dude at end equals not funny.
Check out BookHolders on Sigma Chi's float at the Homecoming Parade! Starts at 7pm, see ya there and Go Bulls!
Forever is overrated just make it through today
pick me! Pick me!
Three words four oh nine
Swing tonight - busy! Next week will be the 4 year anniversary of Demitasse Swing at Te!
Make Extraordinary Desserts a destination for your holiday shopping! Our exclusive cookbook, tablewear, and chocolate bars make great gifts!
Any chance Bobby cremates Whitney and snorts her?
Occasional material fetishism is ok, right?...
loves Beyonce! no secret bout how youre in shape so quick m moving right along now...!
Probably, just like in life. What's with guys and supermodel goggles?!
Congrats to Kelly O’Brien Mulhern & Elizabeth Bradford-Howeth winners of a $50 Gas Card! Like us on FB (SBXThe125) to win great prizes!
happy B-day my Guy this ur day do it big mane
I am
super jealous! Take lots of pictures!!
Nothing like a good work out to get the heart pumping
Glad you're a convert. Next time we'll roll into Jewel together.
I would know.
I overuse the word "lol ... lol
Loved your recent post on Terry Collins. Flip flopper! :) #LGM!
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
23 June, Chicago. Be there.
When you dream, dream big.
and you gonna get GOT!
danger is your last name. I don't get it?
IS THE STORY OUT YET LOL
Okay! And the last cheery ditty. (Thinking decimate isn't the most poetic word this side of moontides.)
pumped for the season! Can't wait to spend opening day at Fenway! Wish I could make it to jet blue park this spring!
Barbara! You are awesome for always tweeting about Dive & supporting their music! <3 Thanks for the
guys that fuck like they scared<<<<< you sure straight nigga lol
I might have gone a little spazzy on the RT's, but 's quotes are just too damn relevant (and good!)
btw I'm following 322 people and have only 74 following us back luv you guys :)
so u do like ur cartoon I live my cartoon man how's the family
What is Harper's arm rated? Looks pretty strong from the highlights
No school for moi tomorrow, hell yeah. Night night
delivering some delicious eats for our #homeless community members!
Yo. If you have any of those left over, I'll take one.
I completely forgot THE AVENGERS is opening tomorrow. The geek in me surely is disappointed that that could have slipped my mind.
Shoot Charles Dickens is good too-I mean how did he describe things that were Dickensian? Did he just say dreary?
Looks good! Thanks for the support good brother! 06!
okay I'll get them!
Meyers Institute for College Preparation joins Twitter. Follow us for the latest news and updates!!!
#FF my boy and make sure u cop his beat tape it goes trust
Yep sure do!
I'm shopping...literally
Adjustment - Butler will not beat UCONN playing half court game. UCONN too long. Get out & get layups & threes in transition. Easy buckets.
hard when your team loses, but there are some great upsets today
Photoshop tip: Use the Posterize adjustment layer set to 40 before you export transparent PNGs. HUGE file size savings!
Definitely getting "Carpe Diem" tattooed across the backs of my shoulders or down my ribcage.
and i just deduced that, due to my lack of makeup and immense amount of flannels, everyone thinks I'm a lesbian.
#cantdecide if i love or hate my online class. not used to the format of online learning. how do people actually learn anything online?
Also had to change her name because of sadie and my family is Completely out of money because of Sadie so thanks
I don't believe marriage is the lynchpin of social justice, but waking up to a constitutional ban on gay marriage isn't getting any easier.
Silverwood is officially a Pro Tools 9 HD2 studio... Come check us out... we can handle all of your needs from A to Z... (678) 653-1883
about to go to the fair
with a gun???? That tweet frightened me. Lol
I really was
Please come support the CCA boys basketball team in our first home playoff game in 7 years. We play Brookhill Tuesday @ 7:30 at CCA !!
My neck hurts.!
Can't wait until I get my puppy.
omg i should sneak you in
Maybe that's a sign for how busy it's going to get :)
Working on a blog post about cheap or free things to do in #Vail!
If you are surrounded by a lot pf bad influence, then my advice to you is find new friends!
oh shush
OMG. WHY ARE YOU NOT FOLLOWING ME???!!1 I AM THE COOLEST!!!1!! HOW... oh, wait... you ARE following me. My bad.
Jordis Unga is "The Voice" but, more than that...We Need the Soulfulness that She Has...Help Her to Share with Our World !!!!!
Tune in to WRTV-Indianapolis at 5pm to see Mary Cook, speaking live from M/I Homes of Indianapolis' newest model at Hickory Stick!
True, but no one cares what he says. B/C he can't win!
There are some people in this world that you just want nothing more than to punch them in the fucking face
Every time a newsie uses the word "austerity," a Euro-kitten dies. :-(
Brackets are so bad this year.
where? What time?
excited to have a new management team!!
I need a new phone
Football posted so far from 85 cappers and consensus right on the # so far with W.Va & Ov but more posts to come
It's time to let go I'm tired of trying
I have changed outfits 3 different times today due to temperature...Oh Wisconsin and your weather..
1 of my slides for tomorrow's presentation has a pic of in Funny Girl FTW
if u haven't all ready, go follow u WONT regret it! <111
6 followers. What what!
If I didn't have a wedding to go to, I think I'd sit around all day and read just to avoid the Facebook talk
if it is we are getting some when I come!!!!!
but she's at the beach. all i did today was paint stairs.
Getting #googledrive today has taught me that my Google Docs were a complete organizational disaster.
fuck everybody....no one cares ne mre.....#crying :'(
RT Cheeks exercise,braces,lighten lips colour,lighten hair colour..something is super wrong with me.
Looks like the texans next week.
Free coffee tomorrow jotos
Now Playing The Devil’s Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith Off-Broadway at the St. Luke’s Theater (308 West 46th Street)
IS IT REAL?
The only good thing about this week is that I only have to go to school for 4 days
My go to snacks are yogurt and an apple + string cheese. But that's no bueno for my allergies.
It's that time of the year book now for your holiday family session!!!
So tired but I don't wanna go to bed yet :)
No, not yet--but it really is on my list. I think it just moved up on it.
Which route are you taking? And do you find it necessary to stop?
: PLEASE pick up #Ringer its an amazing series
To all a Merry Christmas
If you truly understand me, you'll let me be annoying...
Just took a tour of the Greenwell Farms Kona Coffee! I have a whole new respect for my coffee!
Since Jeremy has to work late this next week, it feels like finals
I have 3 Yankees and 9 total
YAY such perfect timing! Happy Birthday!
Woke up not being able to move my legs. My entire spine in excrutiating pain. Still is. Wth is this? I smell emergency room.
do u mean u were born in brooklyn??
its ok im just trying to be happy and think positive
not much. just music!! :D and i have to hang out with my friend so we can get OUR band page up! idk why we havent yet
bout to head out wit my denver heights people...drinkn n smokin at da club
You think the hillbilly police around here is going to do anything? You think they CAN do anything?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
making actual physical objects from digital content seems completely absurd
Anyone have a sprint phone? my buttons are going out!!!!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
teaser screenshot or feature description? ;)
Is cutout furniture from magazines equivalent to buying furniture? Cause I can fit more with just paper and tape...
I hope your wife posted that!
USA is lucky Spain's only scored 3 in this first half.
that's what my dad puts in my shakes with lots of blueberries
tell jenna I broke her bed
well damn, lol. I guess I still have a shot then. Lol.
Thanks for the tip. Max and I are on our way to the #scifest. Any recommendations?
oh yeah, can't wait to hear the new album tho!!
Rain.. Go screw yourself!
thanks for the download! I hope that you love the program! Please keep me posted on your progress and results!
Thanks for the Google+ invite So far I'm loving the interface, and I think circles are oddly addictive. Your thoughts?
i wanna go to madagascar to see if they actually have penguins there.
A big thank you.
Well..at least its a big crowd...for now
I think I clicked on spam. If I start tweeting spam someone tell me. I HATE stupid "lose 10 pounds" spam and stuff.
can i still enter the contest???
Might I have the spinach recipe from last night?
from now on, Shanes name is "Office Lackey" or "Shane" Hows that?
Oh look, it's Porters o'clock.
“: Finally know how a face like feels, the crowd was chanting my name...” Win the crowd & u will win your freedom!
I want more people to follow on Instagram! Tweet me your username?
In English with BORED!!!! :)
A lady on the news just made a 1984 reference. I'll have to say I'm impressed for once when it comes to people on the news.
That's a strong transmitter you go there. I almost peed in the rain.
(cont) Mamurai's (midget samurai's), segway cage fighting, sushi people (people who smell like raw fish) (cont)
Thanks so much for the RT's! :)
awwh! thnx u sweetcheeks! .....ur wicked precious! & btw i love ur twitter u always make me laugh at loud! ;D
Forecast for Sunday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 60. Light...
what are looking at skinny? You fat piece of shit..the plays on stage bitch
Miss last night's performance? You still have one more chance! "Before This Was Texas, an in-progress showing" is tonight at 7pm!
im going out of state :)
Happy Mothers Day!!
we #love #bread! and you should too!
A stripper texted me asking me what I'm grinding this summer.... It's so easy.
the constantinople hero :') fatma's grandpa. Don't u remember your book haha
#HoodAwardCategories "Not Snitchen Award of the Year"
Bitchass teachers give me D's for no reason.
Tonights the night! at Vision Nightclub. Dont miss out!
but guess what
I was ten when I met Adam West. The line was short. He signed my Batman comic. Batman fighting Human Flea. I felt strangely guilty about it.
I'm obsessed with this show. I love it so far :)
RT Now playing: David Shapiro's The Years from You to Me, performed by the Crossing Choir & released on
Im leaving early monday morning. Its gonna be my first time going there.
is there some exciting news to share regarding your fiance?!
Miami sounds like a great get-a-way
In the #studio today, yesterday, and the day before... tomorrow, and Friday! #whataweek :-D
Yes, we should! What do you have in mind?
please notice me!!! please 16
I guess I should get my ass up now huh
Good luck to all running the Gorge Waterfalls 50K tomorrow!
And then some. RT : Wish you the best, You made this community believe.
"The future belongs to those who identify a posibility before it become obvious."
yeaa when I went to dinner because we had to get all our food to go
will cognotes be online?
Have been looking for a place to vaca, any suggestions?
someone should start designing bathing suits for boobified women
Hyanna, you don't know how long we've been waiting to hear that. Just let those emotions out! Love from us to you.
Wagering with on how long before #Timbers fans have a full scale melt-down.
Dear Black Churches, I believe GOD loves ALL people. Leaders must serve ALL people. You don't go to heaven just because your a heterosexual
What did we do before there was such a thing as a Criminal Minds marathon?
2:46 left in game and then we are off to Syracuse!
sadly no...we lost in the semifinals :( We did win our kickball game 9-2 though and clinched the #1 seed!
Round 2 in Windsor tonight at the coach
FYI: My firm client seeks to hire a real estate lit attny w/community assoc & condo practice experience, 2-5 yrs
MSG welcomes new head Coach Tartamella & for the #MaggieDixonClassic on 12/9
Specificity has a well-known liberal bias?
oh jesus.
haha have fun with ! Hey mad props.
haha! why thank you! :)
Getting used to finding my news on internet my Las Vegas Review Journal newspaper unable to deliver the goods
The Grind + The Hussle
so tired :p
Fun night!
Couldn't disagree more RT : The OKC Thunder blue-out is AWESOME. No doubt.
I is a happy sponge.
Heaven or hell: let's rock.
hopeful that we can get a shout-out for PHAME's big tour culminating showcase tonight, 7 pm at Aladdin Theater!
So much work to do ughh
Any #librarian friends ever work non-traditional jobs and eventually got back in to traditional libraries? I want to talk to you!
Thanks Jen!
so many things happen a day in the school!
Going to play tennis in a half hour... time to see all the skills that time has undone over the past 3 years! Woohoooo!.
One of the few things that makes the movie Rio tolerable is It's been on a loop at our house & is known as the Angry Birds movie!
I have a feeling our mothers would get along very well.
Just took part in the 48 hour film here in Houston. I'm working on several writing projects and getting ready to teach another class.
This classroom smells like hot arm pits -__-
it will be great to see you guys again!!!!!!
RT Lord, let this church last 3 hours or less..... Communion Sunday and Palm Sunday could mean all day worship.
we'd love to! We need more people to know about is in your country. Help us spread the word :)
Just heard someone refer to nerds as Nerf herders. Pretty funny.
I have been blessed with the most incredible summer job opportunity anyone could possibly ask for. I am so in awe of God's timing.
I looovvee that feeling!
Behind th clouds... the sun is shi hi nin... there's a big blue sky waitin right behind th clouds!
dunno if you heard but we're gettin a stadium!
LionsDenver...... what do you think for a group name? Let me know.
can a brother get some dark roast??
If you could live forever, would you and why?
#FF Show some love for this new Web Series that I wrote and directed, it starts AUG 1ST! UNLEASHED
isn't that Wacko, TX? RT : Ted Nugent moved to Waco, Texas many years ago. We Michiganders do not claim him as one of our own.
What the fuck is up with all these dickwads outside on their bicycles, blaring their damn music.
I can't wait to meet you tomorrow at Santa Monica. I'm so excited.
what's a good pair of comfortable/stylish nude shoes to pair with my dresses?
RT : All we know is all we own. <=Very interesting thought to ponder. Or all we know is all we feel? IDK. But I like that tweet.
One similarity between Merle Haggard and me is that we both did time in San Quentin in the 1950s. Wait, I mean that we both have M names
Brunch today will be great! Don't miss it...starting at 11am
today I woke up wanting to be a real estate agent
Shout out to for keepin a sista from over sleeping work!
youu playing games...damn games.
Our account has been hacked! We have not sent ant messages in the past 2 days! Thx 4 letting us know we r looking into it now bugs!
- at one point today I got 10 follows at the same time and you are one of them. What prompted you to follow me? The others?
No, I borrowed from IMCPL. I think they had at least 1 copy.
Thanks for the love. Hope you enjoyed the episode!
I just couldn't wait any longer.
If your hair is combed right, and your pants are tight, it's gonna be alright.
CSEA and Nassau County agree to provide an incentive for employees to leave their jobs early.
It is great content. Loved diagrams. I'll be re-watching it a few times too.
It's teriyaki burger time...teriyaki burger time!
Thanks to all those who volunteered with us in 2010. We helped 8 families enjoy a new year in a new home!
My Shallow Heart's The Only Thing That's Beating...
let me do your Hair
No, its pretty bad. I hope the twitterverse doesn't say otherwise
Bent's is just a whole 'nother world
He shot himself in the chest? Can you SAY OWW?
keep loosing my phone randomly, wow
I think you may..teehee
Clippers on a 22-1 run, wow! Basketball is a game of runs!
this weekend sucked a bit but yeah - eugene
Goodnight bright eyed and bushy tailed @ 7:30
The warrior without a sword, Riding on a rainbow, Hears the limitless laughter of transcendent joy. The poisonous snake becomes amrita...
hurts as in dull pain, or sharp pain?
very interesting!! and yes, ties in nicely with Oyewumi's text
Looks like this Crash on EB I-84 @ 162nd is going to be in place for awhile- left two lanes still closed- traffic now backed up to I-205
Original #newton MessagePad & eMate arriving tomorrow. Serious work can finally begin.
Thanks. Always loved history but always snuck a "walkman" to school during March (in NC) to listen to games. Had to combine.
Kentucky next weekend, I'm so ready!!!
Glad to see Santorum end campaign. Gingrich could learn from his grace.
My roommate literally just woke me up to tell me that it's nice out. Why.
that's how I be feelin wat happened to a good convo???
Come On, You're a 13/14 Year Old Girl. In My Opinion, You Shouldn't Have 4000+ Friends On Fb. 90% Of Those People You Wouldn't Know Anyway.
Gosh man when did you get to 600K followers :O
Thanks so much for the RT! We have a large #Jayhawk following in Chicago - would love to help get some more here! Rock Chalk!
good intentions and roads to hell
Go out have fun, you've earned it ;)
what are you doin up so late!
. is off to another good start at the #SymetraTour event in Mexico today currently T-8.
Jesus! You knew what I meant!
YOUR FANS LOVE YOU KLE :D
you ain't do urs yet
I'm sexy I kno
#DylanHolland Because he's sexy
Wah? O.o
Hope everyone is having a good Thursday
o i dont got that on ps3 only xbox.... :\
Tx!!! RT : Inspiring! #mombizmondays RT : A2) I do my best work on the sofa....I made sure the livingrm was a space...
Fulltime needs:Project Mgr with IT PMLC, Resource Mangmnt,Budgets,Risk clients in TX. Pls send resume to . . .
But then again, in libraries these days, we have to be flexible and give patrons more incentives to come into the building.
is in full party mode. Whether you are coming for #GirlTalk or just to have fun... This is the place to be!!!
is the best prospect the #NYR produced since Brian Leetch.
The Standard Charitable Foundation Grants $25,000 to Junior Achievement
I JUST SAW A MAN'S BARE ASS
safe flight!
bareback grammar!
And there's the second period... 20 more fucking minutes boys LET'S GO!!!
yes, especially considering they only equalised at the 91st minute as well!
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo with actual Mexians.
So when she saw that the show was coming to Omaha, she wanted to see it again.
danke : ) you can see my medal tomorrow. First medal I ever won!
#Netsuite going up market with some major new customers #P&G, Pitney Bowes and Land o Lakes. Oakland A's Billy Beane on BOD (Go A's)
Somebody Come Get Faded With Cha Boy !
TY for standing up to the #WalMart bullies.
what does it look like? maybe you could put it in the microwave for a bit to kill anything that's on it.
You sweet, Ted. :-) As for video, Jordan, you'll have to imagine.
lol. I think Cameron plans to go 3D just to spite Ebert.
Have to wake up early tomorrow... At least should have fun.
Gotta feel like christmas in july right now?
whats good people love is love
"Went from kinda wet between the legs to bleeding heart." Yes, that is the effect I have on you when we pretend we're a Coltrane song.
someone called me turkey on the subway the other day.
Better you (Julianne) then he!
Great morning... Two More Days of school left...yes!!!!!!
I hate watching people pee in public, but its not so bad in restrooms.
Activist judges are any judges that rule against us, since we represent all of Wisconsin. Is that clear enough?
Hope all out there know Meyers was not the co. From Elgin that had #sausage recalled, was the "Other Guys".
gotcha! I understand man!
MOM says we are getting special treats from the when they go on their trip to #Vegas. OH BOY! We can hardly wait. Thank you
lol well then you're never going to be able to see this -> , sorry (x
awe you should love yourself for who you are..
I feel like I wear this short too often. But then again...I own give a fuhhhh!
awh , well yeah just let me know :)
True Story
congrats on graduating & welcome to the real world!
French fries and kentucky chicken :D
who the fuck puta a lock on the toilet seat?????????
should be an interesting practice today :]
On a St. Louis dump in Boyes had to take on four Blackhawks in order to control the puck and create a scoring chance
We're hosting an showcase so unofficial it's in ny. Also it isn't real. Very exclusive.
i think its a good move. He finally got jennings to buy in. Others will follow. Sanders and udoh will be alot better as well
Never said Metta deserves pass. Just dont like how word is used now.
careful. Someone dropped a tabasco bottle, fyi.
#SomeoneWhoCan cook amazing mouth- watering food that just makes you melt in your seat.
Many are expressing their disappointment with the #iPhone4S Could Apple be in trouble with this 1? Will they release the iPhone5 in a year?
I feel you (o_o)
I love your hair on your background :D
People are so stupid!
Got my ticket, be in the ATL next week!
Was great meeting you last night, and hearing you do your thing! Safe travels...
Way to go Felix from for great cust service! My food was 15 min late and he solved problem, and I get $10 gift certif to boot. A+
Hello from StreetFood Asia. Tai doesn't tweet but would like you to call him. 505-270-5668. Thanks!
Nashville, here we come!
Took time away from editing pages 141-300 of the galleys in order to start the short ribs in Bordeaux.
muahaha! Did you die or something?
Client lunch Pleasant surprise, and one of my new favorites! Great compliment to the beautiful Milwaukee sunshine.
JUST PICKED UP MY ALL TIME LOW TICKETS CNT WAIT FOR NEXT SATURDAY:D
Step Up 2.
Migraine...bummer :/
He didn't show up on their final roster of 19 undrafted players that I got earlier today
If anyone's interested,, I'll be signing books tomorrow at Barnes & Noble from 3 pm on, or until security removes me.
I dip N and Out u know me lol. Never be too accessible The # didn't change tho
It is more expensive to replace than retain employees bit.ly/nIwp4j
YEAH SHES A LIL BITCH BUT I MAKE HER CRY EASY I JUST CHOOSENOT TO SOMETIMES BUT WHEN SHE MESS WIT MY TWIN ITS ON
Have fun!!!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
RT : RT : Digital Customer Experience Improvement Requires A Systematic Approach - report by Forrester:...
check playa grande inn. good people there
ill let u go & finish your movies I really enjoy tweeting :)
It makes me feel good about myself when people say that you and would look cute together.
people call it valentines day, i call it tuesday.
The President has to be a great communicator, and I've held that against Bush 43 during his tenure. [1 of 3]
its next Five Year Plan to focus on items that provide higher social returns for ordinary citizens rather than the uber-wealthy minority.
Thanks to for the shout out today
good party!
Hey girl. Imma text her right now! I hope I can really bad!
Are you going to do a Christmas Video for Youtube?
dude..that's awesome man...that's great to hear
#BenchMob, tonight's the night 2 shine
so many places sin could have taken us. Thank you Jesus for your mercy and the privilege and honor to praise you!!
JC, that looks good.
Hey ..tell yo Wife she can stay at my house til this shit blows over! :)
Follow me plz!!!! Ur the best interviewer ever!!!!!
#Dirk #Nowitzki 24 points in 4th quarter...and still shooting... AMaZING
Happy Birthday :) your show is AWSOME !!!!
So glad I could help... break a leg! RT : I found a song I might sing for my audition!! Thanks to
Both offices are open today ready to help! Due to weather conditions we may be closing early today. Please call 817-870-4880, 214-953-2233
Shuttin DOWN this buffet wit
Chilling on a catamaran and enjoying some rum drinks! Time to play Duran Duran's "Rio" to make it even better!
Loving the Flow by Amazon app that recognizes the cover of books and lets you buy
Oh yeah. Guy near me wearing Abercrombie cologne at the concert... Thank you for 3 hours of torture/wanting to jump on you.
It is 5am, and raining too hard. Sorry, , I've gotta draw the line somewhere. Z!
who do u think gets him?
On a mission to find a bar/club with decent dance music that is not in southside Pittsburgh for tomorrow night. Ideas?
Dear brother, I hate you. You are a complete idiot and you smell. You aren't funny at all and you're really annoying. So, go die. bye.
So true..
Amen...I think?
duude i know. I feel like I could fall asleep standing. side note I'm trying to figure out a way to c ur face @ winnie roast. xo
Welcome back to the Hustle!
“: hahaha you baboso!!! I've killed over 5 lbs of tri tip today fatty!:)”. You Lucky S.O.B !
It's the pizza yeah ah. For you and MEEHEEHEEHEEEEEEE. *high pitched voice*
have you used other major mass email services? What are its strengths and weaknesses??
I actually enjoy singing in Disney movies <3 :)
wash my car windshield and I'll give you a quarter to use as my ball marker
lol did u say something to him bout not having one on?
and are excited to be giving a #socialmedia presentation
Talking about spiritual wellness not bad-doesn't always mean religion.
Extreme head ache.
Well, my teams are 0-2 in this year's men/women hoops championships
Brb, hittin every puddle with
u r so pretty
Why am I so nice
Old and young alike can do DH as we're learning from
Thanks Jeff! // RT Happy Birthday, Joe!
ghetto ass black girl at rallys. Almost asked if she wanted me to take her job for her.
#wov12 kara swisher says she is not inspirational, rather confrontational.
is outside 251 s. main st. LA CA 90012.. stop in while your artwalkin'
Brandon Jacobs now on twitter #WATCHOUT lol should very interesting
that Yards wasn't bad. I'm flying out tomorrow will be nowhere near through the case.
On my way to HotSpot Collective w/
boo! My client (at #CES) is b2b, but their products end up in consumer devices. Ah well :(
I'm a good boy ^_^
BITCH BETTER HAVE MA HONEY!
you know it! This coming weekend should be marvelous. :)
I really think Bazz wants to attend UK but his parents have a different agenda, which is sad.
see what happens when you share?
girl that was breonna playin wit the phne I thought u tried to call me damn kids
That's right. Let me know so I can leave your tix at will-call.
New York to Paris to Madrid to Sydney... I hope I can find my passport soon. I know its here somewhere.
I'm reading tweets with my 5 yr old daughter. she saw your picture and asked who the beautiful lady with the black hair was
Just talked to someone that had to replace the windshield on their new Camry. Special order please pay $1300. Repairing saves money.
Apparently im yours (: <111
IF you Love, Despise, or Don't really care about PONY PRODUCTIONS then repost or retweet our last comment!!!
thanks Matt! Pork belly is the best! Visit us again soon..
He has been for months. There are times he sounds like he's struggling just to make it to the end of Hour 3.
i suppose. dude you never told me how much vocalizeu is
Take yo ass to sleep ha :P
RT : Delighted for Torres. Taken loads of stick. Great for English football to have a team in the final.
Going tanning for the first time in weeks..
live free live free
Runners can store about 2,000 calories worth of glycogen in their bodies—enough to fuel about eighteen to twenty miles of running. Wow!
Seems like this gal has gone from jersey-chaser to headset-chaser.
thanks homie!! Glad you dig it. Hopefully I can get you featured on there one of these days ;)
I think that's a good way to go :)
Salsa, Salsa, Salsa Saturday! Join us for lesson then the DANCE party - Tonight starting at 8pm-1am $5entry
Just cuz the weave can stay in 8-10 weeks, doesnt mean you should. 💇💇💇🐴🐎🐴
how much are the t-shirts?
gottchaaaa lol where are u from anyway ?
haah okay(; dont tell my secrets.. and I love your body(;
Article 1: Nobody's perfect. Article 2: Taylor Swift has an exeption on article 1.
releases a promo and expects me to wait 6 WHOLE DAYS! this is madness. nothin left to do except PRE-ORDER IT!!
i know i've left southern california when the whole town is gearing up for civil war ducks vs. beavers and not trojans vs. bruins.
$2 domestic pints, rails and shots of powers!! 9-close yummy in your tummy and its hump day what else do you really have to do??
Your "true" color is showing!!!!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡21
