"Drive" soundtrack is still in rotation.
Small homes are not always best or efficient! Design your home to enhance your quality of life first!
Was everyone else shaking in their seats last night watching Madonna like we were?!
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
getting ready for IDMAA - lots to do
i love you
hey thanks!!
Lol. Ok. You totally need to call me now.
sparkle pony
yea man they are idk what I was thinking I thought I was cool so glade that didnt last long lol
I imagine a world that being yourself is being perfect<3
Dontrelle was good until he left Florida. It's sad to watch his career fall apart.
how do Texans bare 100° July heat? umm, a iced hazelnut latte is one way. ;)
Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on. ~Bob Newhart
Still, he took it to the basket quite a bit last game
TWO PLUS TWO IS BACK
i like that
This is the 2nd Oscar for Alexander Payne
"So, who out there likes dogs?!" - David Lee Roth
Presentation went well. Lots of questions and good discussion.
who dat Bee?
Second case study Address America project. Six words to inspire: 6 word inaugural address you'd like to hear
The president is CLEARLY NOT gay. The cover shows STUNNING disrespect & it's creator owes him an apology at the very least.
We need a spurs wcf winner.
ANYONE NEED FREE TICKETS FOR PEABODYS SHOW THIS FRIDAY? PLZ MESSAGE US!
I'm just following the Lord step by step.. Never can go wrong that way :)
no bitches is wack!
Hits from the Degabong.
what kind of salads are your specialty haha ;)
I don't like those old school pants that Leake wears. That might be his problem. Change it up!
Can't wait to go into work today. Gotta love breaking news!
don't you mean ghost-writer?
First dissection in biology tomorrow. I heard they dissect cats in anatomy, I wonder if they take donations.
« You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln»
got early dismissal because my stomach hurt like hell.
Blessings sweet peeps!
I just want to sleep
we still & will always love you! Thanks for a terrific season ! Cant wait for next season! You r our state heroes!
Ugh. Have to pay more $$ to get passport expedited because I'm an idiot. HEY THEATRE, why don't you charge more $ for last minute stuff too?
We working on the ep lately it's going to be 8 tracks so get pumped!!!
Me and 2 of my brothers. The other one took the pic.
You have to be extra awesome when you're not bluffing
I just began my article, and I have decided that I will include a review of chapter 646 as well.
Just had a great networking meeting with some highly accomplished individuals to explore the next big opportunity. Sushi was good too.
this made me actually LOL!
about to go check out the waves!
Walks and missed free throws will always bite you in the ass
aww no judgement here.. It was extremely sad!
Man the street is crazy out here.
Looking forward to Warped Tour like it's my wedding day.
However, have received scathing reviews criticizing lack of editing--except "errors" were really reviewer's ignorance.
Waaaaiiiiiittttttt I want to push buggy next year!
what are you running?
#pw2012 the lack of employment growth is the biggest reason for the slow and weak economy recovery
I'll be watching the game from Hard Rock with my 100k units. Looking forward to you making it out to the FT.
I screwed up majorly with the schedule. I'm already buying a drink ... i suck.
One class I'm determined to tell the teacher to call me Pickle LOL. Thats my nickname that kinda slowly faded away other than family.
Shooting exteriors in the woods tonight, already freezin my booty off. Would rather be shakin my booty with the #Tommy cast! <3
not when it's bc I left my shirt at home and dropped $60 on a new one.
I have noticed that too! I have at least 3 babies at my storytimes who wear helmets.
Never tell a girl that she looks like or reminds you of your ex girlfriend.
i agree with u on that 100 % of the way!
Protip: include a link to your website when cold emailing people.
Ty for following paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt help families
dont know how long i can do this
Im moving to Miami you have any upcoming events for me?
Same here, sorry :(
What happened to your nerdiness?! Lol
you should be in a documentary about sneakers lol
Thanks! Great performance. We'll post this up soon.
#eBooksgoogle: search is better than Sony eStore, but doesn't have author alerts. only feature I see lacking so far.
does that mean there wil be a DMZ sale this week?????
Nice! San Mateo is kinda sweet. Did you look at Burlingame, too?
Super good SweetBands shoot for the #Gay band today! Thanks to , , , & everyone else involved!
I digs
One of my favorite players, Yao Ming, retired today. One of the nicest, and quotable athletes ever. You the man Yao!
Everyday I look for a way to make more money... that's all I want.
Last AP test! Yay! :)
if only delivered- a slice of cipolla would be the perfect end to this long week.
happy mother's day to one incredible mom and sister!
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height and don't tell me I'm clearly being obscure.
Thx 4 following. Now, I'm following you :) & reviewing your tweet timeline...
Sounds fascinating. I love novels set in the civil war period. Look forward ti reading it.
#ObamaRVA RT: Prediction: Belvedere/Broad panhandlers will get unpaid time off from their corners courtesy of Secret Service HR
On my way to the game let's go Fish!!!!
Hey, I have like 30 years of empirical evidence that it works.
A digital co#lor wheel is a great way to gain a better understanding of the color combinations available when
An off-duty cop shots two people overnight. Union says officer saw a weapon. Witnesses/friends of one victim says it was a cell phone.
Please follow me just because:)
you so beautiful
=] happy happy!
The beginning is always today. Today IS the first day of my life.
Bitch, please. You've had more relationships than my grandparents had birthdays ;o
Hey guys! anyone want to talk ?(:
Cher is NOT dead. At least the parts of her that aren't her face.
that's a no-go for me:(
realizing your capacity limitations can suck. hopefully you realize them before they screw something up.
« Atlanta Falcons have no two-game home stands, and alternate home, road, home, road the entire season.»
Scaring Chaz - tonight Terry scared Chaz while wearing a pink wig and holding a Justin Beiber Barbie doll.
I hate my neighbors lol! Can't wait to move~
I want to be a TEDx speaker. I'll speak on the power of HOPE
Kate (owner of Betty Lash) is featured in the Winter 2010 issue of Jewell magazine. Check it out!
Kevin Garnett is
“: So excited to see "Which Way Home" tomorrow by alumna DR.Stephany Slaughter!!”
Weird cab drivers+drinking+dancing+international kissing+unexplained injuries+nudity+frozen pizza+deep convos+hangover=successful party.
I should hope so. There is no Elvis but Elvis.
it ain't nothing ma
Lol 2 can play this game.
Myself and checking in from
Its Jerzday!!!! -A
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
What about CEOs with golden parachutes. They don't feel bad about losing jobs. Should we only care about the rich losing jobs?
Just a joke, Scott. I'm a Chargers fan all the way and will work to keep 'em here, but not on the backs of the taxpayer.
Did you know Graham crackers and Kelloggs cereal were both invented to curb people's sex drives?
To all my new followers Thank You!! I do follow back, have a Great Day!!
I didn't have to be here for another hour.....
Thanks for supporting ! We couldn't do it with the fans.
Paris is always a good idea. -- Sabrina, from the movie of the same name.
Can you please follow me!!?<3
Shopping day today.
The #TurkishHammer from downtown!
Life does have an expiration date. So don't throw it away before, its used up. Live, Laugh,Love and Thank God for your Blessings.
i kicked 2day at fs with my homies on the last day.....that shizz was alsome
It's National Puppy Day! How are you celebrating?
: Christianity isn't for "lone rangers". God intends for you to be a part of a local church.
#WeWontWorkOut if you won't take me on dates
I'll mark it off my bucket list now.
Or toss him in the Hell Mouth
FOUR DAYS TILL PAYCHECK VIDEO!!! Woop!! :D
Anybody else lose power? Twice?
Welcome ! Love your energy and look forward to working with you in this online world.
Thanks for listening Zeyad!
Looking forward to receiving your social midas touch!
that men of spring Is half mine u thought of at my house
Same here! i'm lookin at the clock like just 90 min left, just 88 mins left..
Going to get my hair cut
Courier-Journal Neighborhoods Editor is now on Twitter. Welcome Veda!
Smash finale, so intense! I love this show.
Don't describe what you do, how do you add value?
Red Monte Carlo ?? RT : I swear I think I saw Rell driving down 10th street today....
Stepped out in faith just now. Lord you know what I'm in need of. Please show up and show out Jesus!
Sorry I'm so gross caleb
#LACvsMEM TUNE IN to the best 1st round matchup!
We deal with bloggers all the time who start a blog, but then lose interest, or can't figure out how to do something.
MT : #QUIZ ANSWER : #SNAP is mandatory spending and not discretionary. #WIC is and faces increased cuts in House Budget Res.
that would definitely be an important part of the plot
10-24-80 Mr. USA Tony Atlas wins National Title from Dennis Condrey.
Milwaukee bound. Looking forward to singing with Milwaukee symphony tonight.
Enjoyed chatting today. Look forward to future discussions!
I think the word the stewardess used was "cute"
no way..... I LIVE IN EVANS TOO!!!! this is some crazy shizz.
hey. Follow me back ? Please & thank you. I'd appreciate that ! (:
Looks like you better find some student workers.
S|O to FLYEGang and R.I.P to that can of "Party Cream" lol....": this nigga PARTIED LOLOLOL"
Excited to be putting the finishing touches on our latest project, due out in beta next week!
RT If you are going to Sasquatch!
been such a long time i think ive forgotten how to tweet.
where are you going?
“ Not all flights are cancelled, Please check flight status prior to heading to the airport. What? Been here all day...
": you guys are awesome! Thank you for the great review." Thanks, keep makin great songs!
Hahaha the judges on dancing with the stars are arguing with each other..this is funny
GOOD GAME WE SATILL LUV YA GUYS
Jon Klein's Chance & Necessity is wonderful. Go see it tomorrow at 7:30 at the #CUA drama school. IT'S FREE!
Looking forward to talking with on Just Casey @ noon today. Habitat, McMilan camp, dog park and more!
#Denver #Broncos @ KC Chiefs this weekend... AFC West matchup... lets go #Denver !!!
Something seems fishy.
Ditto, you were great and I can't wait to see how it looks.
haha can't believe they remembered me!
Hey everyone, I will be making another live appearance on WPIX11 Morning News tomorrow at 5:55am. Tune in and and check me out :)
Just had a free sub delivered to my desk! Thank you! Now it's time for an early lunch ...
i'm in your hallways bathroom..
When negativity comes against you remember and remind your mind and your mouth to recite what God's Word says about you
Is your entry door ugly! Gain curb appeal with a new Pella Entry System and get a tax credit up to $1500. Call Jeff Reynolds (505) 362-0529.
eating sum turkey ;D then gunna shoot sum hoops ^.< wanna join ?
i've hit rock bottom..and I'm still going down.
omfg me too. Hopefully when she wakes up she'll change her mind >_>
Watched some live Queen from the 70's last night. Roger Taylor, one of the best rock drummers ever. Doesn't get his due.
Enjoyed an amazing Day Of Beauty ! Thanks Cynthia (skin) & Whitney (hair) for pampering and spoiling me! I look brand new!!
We have a winner for our Photo Caption contest! Congratulations Ania Jordan! You receive a deck of and a gift card!
#Spurs and Timberwolves tonight. After the game jersey retirement. It's gonna be a good night!
done deal. I'm expecting you to get a po box now.
Dude! You're Danger Dave. DD is all powerful. DD fears nothing.
Hip-hop isn't as complex as a woman is. -Talib Kweli
Time to go to sleep before after hours side of me come out! Goodnight:)
yes hun I did!!! Last friday lol
no matter where liffe takes me, find me witha smile
I guess that seven game series really worn us out but we still going to the ship.
Homework is done & I just get to relax all night. Hallelujah.
Definitely the "B" squad serving at Wild Wings tonight.....yikes
Follow back? :)
#Life is like a confused teacher... First she gives the test and then teaches the lesson.
Lakers-OKC...who wins, how many games?
swear you look good on your avi!!!
my brother visiting from new york dared my to write tht to u
Don't miss George and Martha on the big screen! Trust us. 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
that would be the one :)
True, but you have to think of their welfare. The arms would probably fall off less in zero gravity.
Just saw these! Really, Tina Coleman/Kay Tairov should speak, on ALA's new space
U like girls I like girls too we got somethin' in common' how tha hell can that be a problem ?
Surrender surrender surrender only!! the 1 and only place to be!
Yup, products too rt : What about Korea/India where hair products are manufactured as well?”
Money can't buy you love cuz its overpriced 💜
that's why u gotta trade for one and hopefully a 3rd would want to play with 2 all stars!! At least that's my thought on it
Had a blast this past weekend on our fashion shoot for the upcoming June issue! Can't wait to share!
They were having a good time. Heard them talking about collaborating on a song, possibly a Christmas song
At a business meeting(:
sock that bitch! We real nikka out here
Better days= #classichit !
Now my cribs sittin on 22 acres
were yo grown ass been ?
u r awesome!! 6thou! help me gain a few followers tonite!!!
I wanna jam with you... JAMMIN
Making snow angels today! Hope the NFL doesn't fine us for excessive happiness!
Then off the Englishtown new jersey from Los Angeles ,CA woohoo
Thanks to for the free Malone's feast
Thanks! Brennan's posts are some of our favorites. Love being able to spread the message of the importance of #eddata!
#draftdaygiveaway Everyone send in who you think the steelers are going to pick in the 1st round by 8pm.
good luck, folk
It's time to go through the last thousand tweets or so and pull some lyrics
rude! I hope u have a bad day. Goodbye!
the way Trinniberg dropped off, I was afraid he'd been injured.
Couldn't be happier with the weather today! Only in California can you wear a sundress in february!
Najae needs to come to her house in west philly so i hang with her.
New look.
Multiple experienced #dotnet #asp.net #tsql developer for clinical trials #software team in #Philadelphia #suburb! DM for more info.
and I like to lick. Lol
Almost done my new song I started Wednesday- excited:)
what can I say, he's a hoot haha
Drive-By Truckers & Friday. at Saturday. It's gonna be one badass week! [#ilm]
best gus johnson sound-bite
Very true. Gotta keep those wrinkles at bay!
you didn't even show the cool part! Hope it went awesome!
Lost by one point smh lol.
can someone please tell me how im so mean ?!
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
Thanks for the follow Von. We love #beer too.
i love how posts pics every day :) it makes my day 2c his face love u andy! ur my hero,inspiration,&i hope to acheive what u have
love it :-) RT : Getting the most out of my registration fee too!
Even "watching" the #thunder game thru twitter is intense.
I am so not ready to go back to school but ready to c my friendz
RT : Chapter Four is all about graffiti, advertising, and branding. From blackbook to billboard: Hardcore!
You're my first, my last, and everything in between..
i feel like is my friend. best late night show on tv.
HA and you started with the hashtag #donkeykong. This should get interesting.
Gus Johnson makes this B1G game a lot more fun to watch.
As long as a team is reading and working from the same book it's okay that some are on different pages.
I always think of you when I get popcorn at the movies!!!
the thing that annoys me the most are the excessive and annoying hashtags describing the picture. OH MY GOD LIKE I CAN'T SEE IT
james and the giant tittes
no point. I already have.
wow. You're cool.
It's spelled schmaat
I love how quiet it is on brady.
A #dog's sexual maturity generally comes as early as when she is six months old, but it can be as late as 16 months
cant even remember hahaha
cute - i want to try this!
Ahhhrggg! Burned the roof of my mouth. Curse you tasty, sweet creme brûlée French toast.
he's knocked out :(
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring! But beauty faded has no second spring.-Frank Moore Colby
kk!!! lemme see is can find a pic of my dog how old is he?
Bastards, man, you're all bastards.
. introduces his education commission chaired by Richard Parsons
Going out to dinner at Black Eyed Peas!
The man from the Bridge Builders meeting has his own Wikipedia page.
outstanding show tonight! Stop & Frisk outside of stereotyped areas you'll find guns,etc. U can't find what u're not looking 4
I don't want the uniform there! :D
I like my commencements like I like my women
great thanks and you?:)
u know i went 2 go work out with mikey this morning lol
Am I the only one who thinks PHI run D is suspect? Matthews ? At mike, And their whole DL are passrushers. Lost Mikel too..
#SignsUrAHoodratMother you been on Maury 7 times and have had to leave with the "I ate ass face" everytime.
Todays visit was short & sweet!...now I've got custom work to do...LUV y'all xo
#AskNathan would you go to Croatia again?
One day, I think I'd like to mess with Texas.
Good Morning! RT : I won't be saying good morning to no one else lol
Soviet posters and : relive the deployment of media ideologies! And aesthetic amazement.
. Thanks for the follow - you guys are proper badass. Looking fwd to or maybe sooner here in DC.
I'm not sure... I'll keep an eye out... that video is much lower quality than most anon work...
Madison businesses are starting to embrace the social media takeover....socialinboxcorp will deliver!
Places not to go when it is raining: the mall, target, McDonald's and the bank.
Yes sir. Amazing
Second week of MilkMilkLemonade - you should check it out. It's a hilarious show. We're seeing it for the second time tonight!
Put A Smile On Your Face...
Or is it dread?
Enjoy your holidays! We'll be back in the office on Tuesday, December 27th.
Are you hitting up the outlets in Indy today, too? You must!! Have fun!
One of my friends must be following him, and retweeted. All the connections.
Everytime I open my phone I see my boy:) Tristan Gould
Happy birthday <3
Back to the dr today. Sttupid sist!
- so happy you're following! xoxo...time to start planning 2012 Costumes for a Cause.
May 12, 2009: He came online to promote One Time. May 12, 2012: He comes online to promote Turn To You. *sobs an ocean*
McAlister's with Leah. 😊👍
The orioles are winning at home and what do you hear? "Let's go Yankees!" yeah!
We are updating our website at the moment: back to our regular (full) menu. NOTE: we will be closing early on Super Bowl Sunday.
Jacques Pépin Doesn ’t Think Much Of D.C. ’s Food Scene
Tomorrow is #LOUISVILLECARDINALS day so all fans and athletes get ready to start the follow chain
Watching sports center >>
Most of the article directories will keep your articles on their site indefinitely so your links will grow
once again Crisis !
Extrapolating based on the first and second verses, the unreleased third verse of "Last Friday Night" probably involved human sacrifice.
Wiman is talking about how there are certain things that only poems can do...
Thanks, Sarah.
looks like a V8 on that sucker. Glad we mostly use jet engines now.
yum i want!
Nice!!!! You are cool Tony! That's why I'm friends with you. .. Hurry hurry get over and make me some food lol
wow your getting good at spanish!!!
So tomorrow is Friday the 13th...great
and that's how.soccer brings people together #soccercreatesanotherlove I should start the free burger movement
Got and beastin these clowns lol! 2nd half coming up!!!
i want to go home
he's very good-looking, a model actually. Also very charming and good at getting what he wants. But he's very selfish.
And this is why I'll never have kids. I'm far too selfish!
Does believing in the Devil make one a polytheist? If not, why not?
you hash tagged me when I have a tweeter.
lmao me too..
I've been on the phone for over 1 hr trying to get someone to pick this up. Apparently takes 20 mns to pull-up an account
it did
I Hate Trying To Explain Shit To People .
Beach days should be everyday!
O, thank you for this! I know Hubby's gonna definitely want to try Captain Mike's. We're in for that this trip!
We will be attending the launch party for The Burbank International Film Festival this Saturday. Hope to see you there.
today is the most denied and forgotten day on the calendar
i dont really rap. i steal beats and lyrics from and
With more catches than Jerry Rice: Happy National Condom Day
I swear even when I say no it's enough it's like no but you don't eat there so just eat...lol...
kitchen ??) you?
So sorry morehouse
A search for true love by transgender trailer park matriarch Jheri Jones and her two adult sons in Bible Belt Mississippi...
#WorstFeeling is being told NO. Yeah it hurts.
Agreed, clickers don't replace actually getting to know a student, but they do give great formative assessment feedback.
WHAT CAN I DO TO GET ON TOUR ? (SECURITY/BODYGUARD)
Bout to start doin people like they do me it's over for this nice shyt
Was not chased out of the retirement center. Thankfully was there for crowd control.
APPLAUSE and Admiration!
Thanks for awarding us a rose this week! It's nice to know the community appreciates what we do.
Had my worst day in more than a year converting FPP's into cash. Played good/great, ran horrendous. Wake up tomm., and see how things look.
Just when I doubted you Henderson NV, you open a King Putt next to my gym. Woo hoo!
haha you're too kind...glad you liked it, i had fun with it and think a lot of our fellow yellows will relate!
Upgraded my grande coffee to a venti and the barista commented "one of those days?"
My mind never sleeps and my heart never hates
I'm trying again to save two accounts & Please help, I've sent many messages to support, now I try tweets :-)
Is it the real Scumbag Steve, or an imposteur?
That's what happens when you catch the ball three feet from the LOS. Tough to make it happen when you still have 9 yards to go
"Maybe it's not boys that are in trouble, but patriarchy" Pedro Nogiera
Do you have what it takes to succeed - Preparation - Drive - Determination.
I crack up when I think about sharkey and keith
It's the gift that keeps on giving!
Having a yard sale today.
Woop wooop! RT : spins at VANITY 2nt!! Let's get this party started!!!
this old thing?
idk what to do with you anymore
wants me to tell everyone I cried a little when Bubba won.
I am honored. it is beautiful.
Just love waking up at 7 for an 8:00 lax practice
Luke, do you have any analysis, or do you think people turned off ESPN to follow your play by play?
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok? ♥ u:)
When it rains outside - it makes me think of home. Wherever that may be.
TODAY ONLY! Come into Byrd & recieve FREE Cookie Jar w/ 1 lb bag purchase!
He said ok. I told him my paper was crap.
good shift i hope? :/
Thanks. RT : Excellent letter from the editor in this issue. Right on point.
Joe Flacco's post game interview was perfect. "How do you want' people to see you know?" "I don't care." Nice. Just Win Joe!
That's very nice, and thank you for the follow.
Me vs the labels.. long day ahead.
awesome fucking news.
I'm slowly falling out of love with you.
following because it's the right thing to do!
"We're Proud Of iCarly" i love icarly
Thanks! I will keep that in mind next time I'm planning one. ;-)
thanks up up and Go!!!
#dailyDrawings - laboring over a drawing is draining but rewarding once you get what your after
my little munckin always make my day
It's 3.14 and I don't have pie! Disaster!
Me without YOU is like a shoe's without laces, A nerd without braces, and a Sentencewithoutspaces
You must not have the new iPad.
Gift Cards Available
My neck & back HURT!!! WTF.
Finally you put me first!
this nigga danny green b beastin since he left the cavs
Yep :) it's all gone now. I'm not hungry anymore. :)
is watching the money go out and not expecting it to find it's way back in.
it wasn't the bigs that caused issues?...really?...they were running up and down the court like cheetahs. tired our bigs fast.
you got it! (of course) check one of the buildings off the I've-always-wanted-to-go-to list.
great post about #censorship and #humanrights where did you find it?
NTME just got some volume, watching...
don't put jk, there's nothing more attractive than a woman who believes in herself
": Out with " We killed it tonight ... Girls were filming us dancing.
All right, getting into #wjconf 2nd day.. and NYC is just snowed in. Libraries are closed.. >_<
its okay. Rather hear it from a friend. Know its a tough message to deliver, but we appreciate it.
I <3 Wasabi! YUM... RT : Looking for a great meal on west side of Metro MKE? Try Wasabi Sushi Lounge (Brookfield)
By the same token, are all the women that now getting tattoos closet lesbians?
Meant to re:running team before. I'm unfortunately not the runner; lifetime knee problem, no running dr's orders. Wish though!
I am published. Too bad that doesn't get my papers graded.
I love that boy! I miss you ladies!
:evil grin 8o is that so? Now I want some girthy plantains
Heading to the #robogames for pure robotic awesomeness!
don't hate hahaha
I've been getting dizzy when I stand up lately :(
lol all the hoes outside of milwaukee be on dick all yall hoes GOING lol
Thanks for listening! :-) RT : ya'll dropping those club beats,starting da'morning off right!!preciate it ;)
sounds like my son..lol
Early voting for City of Milwaukee residents now through Fri, Mar 30th,M-F, 8:30-4:30 pm
kinda miss those days on 2nd st.
Be the kind of person you want your children to be.
Pick up a free copy of Polyphony HS at the Story Studio Chicago booth in the Northwest Ballroom
naww but whatever you say.
I'm so pumped for 's new album!!! I love Justin Bieber <3
True. RT : If you are looking to build confidence with customers, don't have a voicemail box that is full.
Agreed! I love corduroy and would wear it even more, but work prevents that most days.
To everybody who read my previous "weight loss" tweets--they're not mine. My account got hacked, and I'm working on fixing that. Sorry!
Coming up: New music from singer Marianne Solivan & Marcus Printup. Before midnight, Count Basie & Don Pullen. JAZZ
Wtf. Teach me bro?
..and how to get 'convenience' for the rich through slave labor. Many CEO's will carry on in his stead.
Check out our girl on the big screen Feb 24 in #Wanderlust starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd
it's ok cause I love you & lales:p Yeah:'(
I already follow him but sure i will retweet it(:
you rule brother!!!
Productive day. Made a deadline. Off to yoga. Friday chill out
Ok yeah so just lose when I'm at the game. Lol
Final community mtg for #CouncilDistrictsMaps is happening now at East Lake Baptist Church. City Council will #vote at 3pm tmrw.
“: Sag/aftra we did it! #oneunion” kewl, knew it was on horizon! Hooray!
timing is everything
Greinke never seems to make things easy but grinds his way to solid outings. Need him to wiggle out of 1 more jam here.
Get out of there! Quick, before the cleaning people arrive. You don't want to see their scornful looks.
I normally try to avoid accidents, but when I see you texting/driving I pray you'll give me a love tap so I can ball out on the insurance.
LMFAO. LOVE your response to Bieber. HA.
we're all the same people, we just handle things differently.
i got u to laugh today haha
has the only "party trolley" in Austin. If you're at #SXSW I definitely suggest you investigate.
And we hope you dreams come true too ! You are dope !! Lol #cupcakes !! :)
Yeah, I know that's why everyone got mad, but still, at least they got to go. I mean, there was only 200 tickets!
I'm so scared I'll wake up tomorrow and my favourite show will be history soon. :(.
At olive garden :)
I think normal tix are 40 something plus tax idk
Next time I'm holding out for donuts AND pizza.
Native Instruments. 12 DVDs, which if you ever change or migrate to a new machine, have fun reinstalling.
Really thats just disrespectful to dress that way 4 occassion
My good friend Chris just gave me some great advice... He is so right... Gonna take that with me :) thanks boo <3
it was ok. The flowers were sirta dead tho :/
RT : RT if you have like 50 t-shirts but you only wear 7 of them and complain that you have no clothes…
Made a foreign pen pal on the #X2 today. A gentleman visiting from Germany, studying for his Phd in physics. Of course we talked
those chocolate egg creams look good!
When girls think there really about that life.... like ShutTheFuckUp...
So wonderful to see Natalie Portman win. Congrats!
exactly. Cutting edge and all.
OH WAIT I DID THAT
Smart phones rule!
What if it was your kid? What if he never went to the the police, or YOU, the parent? What if it was your kid? Ask yourself.
Oh. My. God. He needs serious junk punching & kicking
Good Morning Beautiful People Out There! :)
It's like I woke up and decided to twit
your new icon=perfection <3
Jumbo slice at midnight = hangover vaccine
cool face
Having green juice for dinner to assuage my guilt for eating almost a bag of Starburst sour jellybeans today.
Burgerville Shaker CD = a cure for Parkinson's Diseases in the future...buy one and help speed up the process of a cure! All profit = CD
#NBA - The Dallas #Mavericks decided not to include Lamar Odom in their share of playoff money (#SportsCenter)
congrats! You should always strive to be the best at what you do and if he comments you must be the best "worst" js dev. JK
is my Twitter Girl Friend
TSA guys are the best. Still pissed my after shave and toothpaste was confiscated by a TSA guy who may have not graduated HS
": Music takes you away to a different dimension." frees your mind and puts you on another level
Realize that I am really OLD ---BAD idea - especially for extended period as opposed to vacation house or something
I will give you the exact date on Monday. How's my Molly Molls.
Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are. -Kurt Cobain
You're looking for
Trimmed my own bangs today and they look OK. In other news, I really shouldn't make a habit of drinking while dinner is in the oven.
There must be a new Back to the Future movie in the works. To much BTTF buzz in the news lately. Bet it's "Batman Begins"ish, music and all.
I love him, he's a great actor & seems like a good person. & yeah, nice to look at :)
haha anytime! Did I miss anything in choir
Now it's #Tebow time!!!!
Give it to Masch.
Forget Jagger, I've got moves like Jackson!! Lmao!!!
Our next anniversary fundraiser is our 18th. It's taking all the restraint we possess not to give it a "barely legal" theme.
Doesn't get much better than neyland
We're scoping out the competition this weekend at #gtmw AND giving away something free. Yes, already! Stay tuned for details
yeahh just look threw the app store
Preparing to screen 's CATFISH for my English 2312 students this afternoon. This movie gets weirder every time I watch it.
Is that how you spell it.???? lmao.
All things that are #good and of #value take time.
The real value of a real education. has almost nothing to do with knowledge, and everything to do with simple awareness. ~ Wallace
- Thank you for joining us!
is funny but my dm don't work when I'm talking to you :/ but I see your message.....
The Most Persistent Flirter On Facebook:
Follow Please shes cool and awesome
thise were definitely the good 'ol days!
u suck big donkey balls...lol....ha...for real?.....and its in new condtion too!....
It's all her she brings it out of me lol
Hi Ana, thank you for the follow and feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to this industry.
Urgently looking for a Google Maps expert for a couple hours of quick project consult. Know anyone? Is that you?
you are correct, it's very enthralling.
#AskAlex why don't u answer ur home phone ?!?
q #salute brother
Ever feel like your dream is so far away? Good. That should motivate you to do whatever you can to reach it.
Fallen Captive plays tonight at peabodys @ 9:30! Be there!
whatsup with you?
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Z-man thought Martin was suspicious for drug purchasing, hot pursuit
river island etc? and its easy! <3
It worked in the Glory years
hahaha that's awesome
I BOUGHT MY TICKET!! <33 ^__^_ aww i wish u follow me!
“: Caught up on your x still I can get you part it!!” past* ;)
haha nice ;) well we're related in spirit so it counts!
got me doughnuts and chocolate milk for my birthday breakfast. It's gonna be a good day.
Join us for the Funding Reform Roundtable this WEDNESDAY (10/19) at 7:30 in the Leavey Club Room!
And if you dont wanna see me again I would understand.
- oh please do! THAT I'd love to read!
Migraine BE GONE! (Thought Avery left Big D already ;) )
What a catch!!!
I like twhirl. Its kinda basic, but the display is nice, organizes/color codes , DMs, etc. And is linked to tweetpic.
who is here representing you? I want to hear about the new brew!
LOL, how about some half-chewed bubble gum?
Juan B. you have some great friends!!!
#hth2012 up now.
8 yr old is enthralled watching 1957 made-for-tv black & white version of Cinderella w/Julie Andrews. Gotta love ski week.
A lot of ratchet ass ugly hos are more high maintenance than Jennifer Aniston. How do you live with yourselves?
As if you needed another reason. RT : Champagne has only 83 calories per glass!
woo! back tomoz den ;)? + lyg is gidd how's life for u
I do love Baltimore, but just received call from Santa Fe, which reminded me that if NM weren't so far from an ocean, it's where I'd live.
Then go! It's that easy, if you want to go, go!
Thanks Holly! ;)
RT because their fans got the nerve to be talkn shyt. No fan of a team who only won 7games shall speak-__-
Happy Mother's Day babes
racks on racks racks
what's you top 3 favorite roman reloaded tracks?
check out you'd be a great addition!
I love going outside for Environmental science.
I was pretty surprised
You still Crazy lmao
Got a new name for ya !!
thanks! It's true.
:) RT : Excited to see perform in their recital on Friday ^.^
Data Visualization meets Art History. Maximilian Schich's talk "Towards Understanding the Ecology of Art History" today at 4
Someone please summarize this kony video.
I think your mom told me. I will wrestle her skinny ass for him. I'm in love. Have you seen the video for "run"?
CousinThe real leader has no need to lead--he is content to point the way
when your winded and knees hurt from walking up 8 stairs your
I wanna get my tragus done son ( :
Shout out to our friends from Gary Sinise during the #cubs game!
RT : No. In 1 day U sent 17+ mssgs using my fllwrs 2 get me 2 fllw u & I have no intention to. I am asking U 2 stop mssg me.
GO HEAT
my dad will like this news. I can already here him say "I hope Canelo kicks his ass"
“But the Massholes better be gone when we come back, or I just might have to introduce Titsy McGee to my helmeted avenger.”
Hey Mickey.((:
My how we love Friday's at TWD!!! :-) Enjoy yourselves this weekend working divas!
I think I just stepped on a dead bird on the way to the strugglebus stop. Of course.
Such copies strike me as completely unlike infringing copies of books or music or movies. Of course I'm not a lawyer.
it's going well :). Just makin new friends and bldg the community... You?
Way too much Alicia in tonight's episode. Still awful.
Got no sleep, woke up with a migraine. Oh my god
Be cool this Summer! And save some Cash too! | worldwide hippies
This bar and this cover band.
Tiff shut your have -.-
You annoying fuckers ! Shut the fuck up before i kick you in your damn throats
When my timeline is filled with teenagers ranting about politics <<
Kat, thank you kindly for adding our story to your "Say NO to Child Abuse" online journal!
Wow. Keri Ann Meslar is a complete bitch! This is 1st time I've interacted with her & hopefully the last. As LNS said, ugly inside & out.
they were like o idk. and then reset my phone. but it works now so it's all good.
haha your comments are so funny!!! what are yoiu commenting about?
no - we didn't die - we're just on pause
Warren Bennis: Effective leaders put words to the formless longings and deeply felt needs of others.
thanks for the RT :)
thanks Brady! Have a great last couple days in Toronto!
Yes! And I'm so happy to hear you are not permanently five-years old. I'll drop you a line when back from Detroit.
Thank you again! It's an interesting topic and something I'm passionate about. I know it's a long haul from Canada to SD,CA but...
Wishing everyone a happy July 4th. If you are traveling, be safe. www.lindaswift.net
Why can't it be this nice everyday #soexcitedforsummer ☀
"That which he has not assumed he has not healed..."
B.I.G. SAID GET YOUR MONEY, AIN'T NO TELLIN THEY GON' LOVE ME.
Tax refund and girl scout cookies! Best. Tuesday. Ever.
OMG seriously?
Lmfao!! I can send them but I can't see them!
Right on! If you get a chance, please help spread the word.
& my heart aches, cus I will never see you again,,youre gone.
that's so true! Kind of sad I can't retweet it hah oh well..
Thank you. I was just leaving to jump on the 408. I guess Colonial wins.
Monday!! totally got me pumped for the rest of the week! Strange yes...but I like it when I see vacation in my future!
Just knocked that VO audition out the park!
what plans for the future do you have??
Giveaways galore today including w/ tixs plus brand new music coming up from &
I'll drink the past away.
Follow friday, Love it!!!
I want Cake batter icecream ):
Chillin' with great friends for a relaxing Sunday with guitars, singing, and food. Life is good :)
Get excited for Missed Connections Bingo with , and at !
i hate when ppl lead me on like why didnt u tell me u didnt like me to begin with it would have been less painfull now im all outta shape
Proverbs 11:14 Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.
The JFG program High School continues to focus on college placement
New girl t-shirts in all colors also ladies we have those levi shorts so you can show off your legs this summer.
do you want leean chin
I love you
I cant promise to solve all you're problems, but I can promise you wont have to face them alone..
#TeamFollowBack : it's early as fuck. Time to gain followers. I #followback 😏
fashion show!! uh oh!! and i decided to switch to a more personal handle that was both funny and astronomy related ;)
thanks for connecting on my personal twitter too Shawn! Appreciate it!
I miss my favorite show Saved By The Bell
your profile pics to sad  l wanna see real housewives of Sedona!!!
I hate it when you do that.
No problem, Bruno. Looking forward to seeing your tweets :)
wake up
Lolololol RT : Do I love you because you're beautiful, or are you beautiful because I love you?
When your road's at an end You just hang on to hope anyway And that's where a new road begins. Randy Stonehill
Playing at Rock Springs Church Wednesday night. We are pumped!
Home bound...
Yay! Can't wait to read :).
Guys remember when we didn't know EVERYTHING? Wasn't that great?
the guard pointed out the mgr and said if you have a complaint this is the manager,
Cubs game with my girls
Winters here Jennifer.........
RT : 4.1 million youth ages 16-24 were unemployed in July '11. Help build awareness for youth jobs:...
Rapid response. News orgs have had that Dick Clark obit sitting on the shelf for years.
She think I really care tho
It's hard to stay up so late! I usually hit the wall around 6 pm :)
Jonathan register
you fucking clown... those elites are trash for the price, still riding that south beach wave from last year? smh
Oh shit I'm finally famous.
Has anyone here ever bought a projector? Can I ask you a ton of questions???
I am very cold here in the south and hungry for brownies and a quad tall americano from Starbucks!!!
NBA playoffs start today for the Chicago Bulls! Letss go bulls (:
If the thunder are the grizzlies don't win the western conference, I'm not watching the finals..
He's enjoying the fact that we're still in bed. Laziest day ever! :)
I don't care what ANYONE says.. I am going to party and have fun
it's not even that hard.
: Thanks for your suggestion. Any green in particular?
nice to hear, Welcome!!! Where do you plan on going?
Commission public input hearing in Oakland. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
still thinking about you'll. If you all need anything let us know
I ask women have they ever had sex with a pharaoh (me)
courtney's surgency went great :D thank god,hanged out with gabe,watching movie with nykcole and angel :D e! wooah!!!!
BUONGIORNO! Official menus are here. Pick yours up at 3959 30th Street #102 San Diego 92104
To get a preview, just read 's Twitter feed...
exactly! And there you have the difference in being in the minority as oppose to sitting in a place of privilege
Great day coaching 2 diff #Agile teams. Amazing how so many teams have similar challenges
nice backtrack
RT SMOKE WEED TAKE A NAP ~~ CONCEPT? COMMAND? CONUNDRUM! Clarify.
true true true
Annd you thought you were going to win (:
Let's talk #Music!
11 Days Until The Year Of FEAR!! Begins!!!
Just unfollowed with extreme prejudice
We are doing the
Nothing annoys me more than having to take out my piercing 😒
oh werd. Did you see when BBoys were on?
We got our Motorola Atrix smartphone shipment from AT&T. The devices are amazing. They're definitely a few steps ahead of the iPhone.
Ziggy takes a sip of water from his Drinkwell flowing fountain - then decides toilet bowl water is better after all. Cats!
It's crazy isn't it? My fandom aside, it's one of the better stories in sports in quite sometime ...
You mean your tummy?
With love comes great understanding and patience. How else would God understand us?
It's funny cuz i talk a hella lot in my head but can't put the shit down
you could use that app out on 81!
what's he doing?
What's up?
hahaha everyone thinks its true !(x
good luck from myself and cryin #packr fan and filmaker of cryin #packer fan 11
Hug your mama today and tell her she's special
she's a stylist... I wouldn't call the effortless :)
OH at mobile coffee bar 'single malt coffee'... that's how we do.
I think this every morning! lol
Through the ups and downs I'm proud to be yours. And to let you know, I love it when you call me your baby girl :)
Back to work but can only use left hand.
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #16 - Caffeine blocks adenosine receptors which stop you from getting drowsy.
. calling doesn't end when i walk out the door of my library
Sad to hear about having breast cancer. Glad it was caught early. She's resilient.
and it is a nice one ;-)
Today, I feel like I want to buy the house I grew up in.
RT : . discussing barriers small businesses face in DC;
thanks for following me.(:
In a couple of days I have to return this computer to the owner, my ex-boss.
Which textbook? I could use a little more info on mumblecore.
Check out my latest project, Idodiary.com, the world's only couples social network. There's already a great article about it on Yahoo News!
does Kay have something to give my neighbor to subtly imply my intentions for her college aged daughter?
Yes 10pm! What else would ur biggest fan b doing ;)
As far as I know, it only happens once a year- Mick Sterling and the Stud Brothers at Bunkers Minneapolis Tonight!
Everybody Talks All This Basketball Sh*t But Were Out Doing This Foreal...
God I need you to keep me so I can do it-Keemar Prayer.
Q2: I'd run a parade across the entire country, & then I'd ring every sponsor & season ticket holder to SELL, SELL, SELL
I want the job the girl with the dragon tattoo has.
Its free www.tdmwebacademy.com - - we need everyone to help - Beta test - thx
Watching Michael Jackson's hair catch on fire. Still scary even though it happened 20 yrs ago and he isn't even alive anymore.
Can't recall, that's why I'm saying you look familiar!
Any tips for using for airport pickups at Logan?
que la guerre commence
I think I chose wisely by attending Packers camp this am
» ill catch all of it
yeyee I'd like that
Bout ta hit the bed wit ma <3
A complete financing statement and a.construction contract would have been needed
or maybe friday afternoon i dont have class that day!
whats the move son?
Happy Birthday First Lady Michelle Obama!
Hi Marisol, thank you I will, and I appreciate your willingness to help. I'll look for you next time I'm in D.C.
ok ok I see yu!
Glad you like it! We try to put up a cool #DailyQuote every day that people will enjoy retweeting to their followers.
Dancing to Cody Simpson with the little children on the bus.
“: Did you know there is such a thing as chocolate creme filled Twinkies?"---I just had deep fried bacon in WI, even better!
Attending the privacy session at
Hey, if you are that guy with <50 followers who feels obligated to lemme know you are unfollowing, just don't worry about it.
fuck up ain't the WORD... But I COULD help u OUT wit THAT! so what city u going to?
RT : Never let it come to blows... Unless its a job.
We are getting close! Still need some of the printed materials and volunteers organized. :)
fettuccine alfredo. Gimme some.
Seattle CIO says gov mgrs fear loss of control, loss of reason for existence with disclosure of data. How to change that?
This little kid is so annoying at this game.
Awesome! So great to connect with you!
(in all seriousness, glad to hear you got it. Thanks again for your work on the panel.)
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana wide awake
just got approved for Mortgage WHoo Hoo!!
NEW POTENT DANK BARGAIN STRAINS IN: Strawberry Cough $35/8th; White Widow $30/8th; Grape Crush $30/8th! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com! HAPPY 420
Loving the Timeline on our business page!!
can't wait to celebrate with you!! Were gonna have a blast!
Right now, at this moment, making Arturo google Carol Bove and Echo Eggbrecht
hm so it appears my box of Raisin Bran Crunch has NO RAISINS!? this really agitates me
For as many classes as adjuncts teach across #highered, its amazing how little voice or choice we have! Join us
lost is interesting tonight! I liked finally seeing the statue
i'll be doing a live porno on pornhub tonight. You can see me there ;)
---- today it is supposed to friggin' awesome!
Walmart on Eastern and Serene YOU SUCK! 4 registers and lines forever... I have frozen stuff
I need to think things through before speaking. Lol!
the girl who you love is very lucky, but she don't realize.
I will later cuz im on my fone
is very underrated..sitting back listening to her duets mixtape..real vocalist with swag, and a southern likability!
My House.
Cage match: Old Spice Guy () vs. the Most Interesting Man in the World (). Who wins?
Lmao this nigga is on my boys jock. Kinda gay brah..
thanks for the tips ladies!
Kuric's advice ”They have to stay humble. Just because they have the same team back...can't take it for granted. Should make a run though”
: AND better/easier online accessibility of full-length episodes!
RT : #colormeblack be so good, you forgot their acting, but the history is real!
What is the point of having a huge dining room if "The kitchen is a small space and does not have a dishwasher."
in La Paz at #EDF sponsored "bootcamp" on #fisheries #catchshares in Baja & Gulf of California Mexico, using markets for
Im Just A Crook Dropping Ashes On My Notebook ( Voice)
Picture me rollin'
plenty of unsavory types around there. Sorry to hear about that. Be careful around there :(
just watched "A Single Man" and thought it was incredible!
Yeah, I can see that... with those tiny little icons. But the text would be unreadable to, so....
shy wen I watch bbw I think of you lol weird
I'd rather be a loser than a blonde...... JK!!!! lol
so many insiders now! "F this straw!!" love you!
Hey! It was great seeing you again tonight at our ( ) show!
The day Follows me :x oh god, ama die, :x
Social Fresh is amazing. I'll have lots of good stuff to share with you guys on Thursday!
Circles, we're going in circles.
In STL for MCMLA. Just learned about various technologies. Yesterday was a PubMed refresher. My librarian brain is being fed.
coffee in house! lol
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. - Rumi
hi Heather are you and friends?
Almost took the poodles for a walk a little while ago. Glad I didn't because it's pouring rain - again.
People of Chicago...show your card at between 4/8 - 4/12 and receive a discount!
What is the most challenging #Genealogy task on your list that you're avoiding? Make this weekend the time to start & maybe finish it?
here's a story idea: get NYT for 99c/mo. when NYT subscrip is up, call to cancel, get 99-cent deal for 4 weeks. Rinse, repeat.
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont the word 'Swag'.
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps! Hope everyone has an awesome day!
It's so fitting that Toews got the OT goal. He's the one who wants it most.
Ya'll should release "Getaway Car" as your next single!! It's amazing!!
sounds pretty chill! and ah not really, just confusing haha. you should totes download our cd! its free
JH (): "We look at particular properties that allow us to give a unique exp. outside of the ticket window"
I'm feeling better about the thunder against lakers....no answer 4 Westbrook
The Methodist monthly newspaper World-Wide Missions had an on-going anti-coffee article around 1900.
thx!! Nice to see cereal and serial used in your bio:)
Let the Ripe One In
Happy Friday!
Oh wait I saw that lyric thing hahaha
Slow down and enjoy what you've got now
#kids Afterschool Special at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Fri, May 11 2:30p: A great way to end your child’s day!...
Wine is god's gift to man. Doing a little tour de finger lakes wineries!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 2
Hey you, muah!
We are all special , have a reason to be here and those that know as well as are doing it are blessed, others believe in the greatness of u
Back to Italia. Love my time here though. #Germanyisbeautiful <3
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter. ~Ansel Adams
TRUTH!!! LMAO!!! ": Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy! But here's a condom, so fuck me safely."
#NYC we on that grind.
Went Vlogging this week, check it out, it's the first of many!
I like you .OKAY....i know it's stupid and i know you don't care
Pretty much everyone from the biz side is in Colorado for Communikey :( So that may explain the lack of attendance.
Never bite the hand that feeds you
Dont leave, but if need a new place we can help! RT Are you thinking of moving away from the noise?
I didn't know there was music on that page and almost came out of my skin! O_O
I say you da Best.. *while I'm looking in the mirror*
LA people! Come see me at the Roxy tonight at 10 PM! $5 at the door. xoxox
LOL! Oh , I thought you were listening to the radio :o haha
Love it bro! Did I hear that you are in South Africa?... RT : how you liking fatherhood bro??
Just like I trust movies by director, I trust teams by upper mgmt. That's not bulletproof logic, but Baalke/Harbaugh not dumb
well ashley purdy is sexy to just in a different way.
32BJ union president Richezza criticizes lack of conversation in past. Nunery to Ricchezza: 'this is a new day'.
Not a boring morning. On one bus ride there were three fights
It's Superbowl Sunday!! What are you #thankfulfor about sports?
yeah buddy!
The world its falling apart. Floods, tsunamis, earthquakes, war, economic disasters, diseases; all a sign from the universe.
Trainer told me to eat my cereal with water? Da hell? I will eat dry cereal before that ishhh
just bought your book on iTunes.
Bitch you wasn't wit me shooting in the gym!
I think fell asleep
Gatewood was a gentleman and true Kentucky icon. I'm sad to hear of his passing.
Ok twits...
thanks for following me!(:
It's cool when verified accounts that I don't follow or tweet follow me
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!<3
Tina you fat lard come get some dinner!
The only apperent reason for the switch seems to be the storage underestimation. I must note that this is really apperent with Vivotek cams!
Oh No! This means Peyton Manning will have even more time to make commercials!
You rock Cesar \m/
I've heard it's good.
Ivy Johnson, senior @ Lincoln Park, shares with kids in #Zimbabwe that she's the 1st in her family to go to college
Wait, Didnt Addie get run over and die? And what was on that ultrasound at the ER???
Time for some weekend shopping? Shop at a local independent business. Make a Difference.
i though i was goin 2 envy i mite nt
Well, that's a point at least. Let's win it in OT!
Thanks. The Hillis stuff this year made me nervous/sad. I just talked to him for 20 mins, but no one deserves what I fear awaits him.
RT can you get rcc tickets at the door. - of course. There are 13,000 seats in the arena
One of the richest man in America, Andrew Carnegie is allergic to money
I can tell u been practicing.
yes! Hope I see you more this summer!
Do Not Be Afraid - Happy Easter All.
#808Pride if him doesnt make u happy dont stay with him cause ur just getting more connected to him
i love tardy for the party lol thats like the worst song
The world of the internet knows better than that Ben.
Sucks seeing the updates on twitter & being 20 minutes behind the #VMA awards! Should have got off work early!
E! Live agrees with me: Tina Fey can do no wrong!
I live in a mad house!
“: It’s so awkward when a guy comes into the bathroom and chooses the urinal right next to the sink I’m taking a dump in.” Right
*weeps quietly*
Hello to everyone, we hope you're having a great morning!!!
Oh this life I live, ain't the life for a woman, atleast that's what they say!
S/O on Instagram? No way... I earn my followers with my pictures.
no I havent
lol so many directionators in the school, like i cant even. they make me wanna smack my head against the wall!
Jolly Ranchers are the best candy.
So everyone make sure you give your mom a hug and kiss! And also tell her that you live her so much and wouldn't trade her for anything.
Don't believe in shooting stars but she believes in shoes and cars wood floors in the new apartment
where's the afterparty? You owe me a miller high life! haha
aw it's totally fine :)
IKR. U always speak the truth. She needa leave dan alone -.-
"Let's try to save two birds with one stone on this one." -- PETA staff meeting
Ok fine I'm getting instagram.
Watch the 11 o'clock news tonight. I'm producing, and can I just say... all killer, no filler? Not that there's ever filler...
thats a great way to look at it
thanks for the kind words and the follow!
I'm getting tons of robo & telemarketing calls from local cell phone numbers. WTF?
Slinking down Rodeo Dr. ... Sales people in shops look desperate. Wonder if I do too?
Omf Clarkson and his beard.
Ladyfriends: anyone know a nail polish brand with colors as awesome as American Apparel & Urban Outfitters, but better quality?
having fun
Oh, I'm so glad your little guy is doing better. Nothing like being able to bring your baby back home and be comfortable.
rosie you make me laugh so hard! your a great addition to rhonj i love your out going bubbly personality! RT?<3
Watching this Ohio-UNC game in a pub in Lexington, Ky., and I'm wearing red. Already got called out as an IU fan. Go Wolfpack.
If I need to hold an Operation Orange shirt for you for tonight, please let me know what size.
I am thankful for another day to live life to the fullest and coffee! I love my fresh brewed morning coffee. What are u thankful for today?
All finished with Army Basic Combat Training and ready for AIT to start Tuesday. Advanced Individual Training in Field Artillery.
I'm #obviously going to live-tweet this whole ceremony with a series of #obvious statements. Bring it on, graduation.
eating vegetarian
The avengers was an amazing movie!!!!!!
FYI: The title Baby Mama is not equal to or greater than the role of the WIFE!
VINCENT! computer triangle face ------------> :> just wanted to share :D
salty? If you worked for the bee for 8 months, they said you would get paid and never paid you. Im sure u 2 would be
Wise men talk because they have something to say but fools talk because they have to say something
I'm really enjoying monk! #D3 :x
Just put lots of newspaper down and let them go free, dude. They'll grow out of it. Probably.
waiting for ARod to reach 600, the pressure is on!
'Detox' would've already been out at that rate. Liking the sample of Cassius' 'Why I Love You' in last song. Missing out on bonus tracks.
I would eat that cookie for sure!
To all the mothers out there including my amazing wife who does an incredible job with our kids,Happy Mother's Day. You deserve it.
"I'm hungry." "I have to poop." i love my friends
Some friends are awesome to fart around, others ...don't bother.
Done with the gym now enjoying the spring weather
follow me back
3 keys to a successful brand: It's unique. Makes a Promise. Delivers Value.
Been out all morning! Just got home and staying in for the night(maybe) lol ...
don't sass me!
My baby crawled for the first time today!!
Stocking up on carbs in preperation for your next match doesn't mean cramming a family size bag of CHEETOS in your mouth the night before.
I also remember When I made it extremely obvious when I was checking someone out. #not. My bf has such a big ass...too big.
Enjoy the rodeo!
What a game by #Braun!!!
holy crap. all those people watching and he didn't even care hahaha.
Almost got hit by a car today ....
Right? Well the memories will live on.
#Rampage finally gets on the board in the second half, cut lead to 16-9.
Welcome to Twitter. I've got four episodes left of my first viewing of The Shield, and I love the Dutch/Billings dynamic in S7.
a billion seconds ago, it was 1959..a billion minutes ago, jesus was alive. a billion dollars ago, was 20 minutes in washington
Great move by Tavares to set up a scoring chance. He is now good for at least one "wow" moment a game.
": "aren't You scared of the dog? " " no I'm too drunk to be scared" #firsteverconversation. :-)" bahahah
Tomorrow is the HIV Prevention Planning Committee meeting. Please come and wear red in solidarity with the Women's Collaborative on HIV/AIDS
what does that have to do with anything? :)
« Dont play with a #Scorpio's love or you will get hurt (in more ways than one).»
AWWW :) she's so pretty! :D
bro u dumb lol
#Apple reports $39.2 billion in sales, nearly 60% increase from last year. Earnings nearly double to $11.6 billion.
Quote of the day: "Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got." - Janis Joplin
LIBRARIAN ATTACK
The awkward moment when everyone is tweeting your boyfriend :P
I don't think it's because of where I live, but because I don't do anything but get puked and peed on these days #newMom :)
you're just as pretty (:
Those knowing me assert, utterly, my affinity for music; w/ I'm still enthralled RE bio itself: survival, craft, catharsis! ;)
would be cool to play with recycling, city tree, vacant lot, CTA (L/bus) station boarding data! I think DoEnv and CTA have it...
Can't believe you remember my beer collection! Sadly, this bottle went to recycling.
Direct someone to shoot you doing some fist-bumping with someone. 'Straight on' then 'on top & below'. Good work!
watch EVERYBODY be on the giants dick jus like they all jumped on the heat dick....what has the world come too
Brusly's Bayou Bistro was a great choice! Good food and good service. Maybe Brown's should open on Mondays, too...: )
with on this beautiful #sxsw day!
you guys are awesome!
Shot scene in morning w/Lisa Jo Keefer. Checked out SAG-e details for webisode I'm shooting Sat. 4 agent night workshop-great feedback!
DON'T YOU BLASPHEME IN HERE
Hey , what are you thirsty for tonight?
Now my name is MCA. I got a license to kill. I think you know what time it is. It's time to get ill.
very impressive start to his career. Great addition to Rangers staff working under Mike and Greg Maddux.
i wanted to hear him sing xD
#ff valuable insights
Two Bobby's in my neighborhood. The Queen would be pleased.
I DM'D YOU THE HOMEWORK!!!
#MVF is the one show that my whole family gets together and watches regularly. You rock AR!
just finished submitting my homework finna head home and get some good black food
yeah lets hope i finish strong!
Class just ended on how the internets work with professor and it was awesome! No mention of Al Gore.
What? You like baseball and musicals? lol
Oh wow that is so awesome!! I want to come to Carnival!Yes I am from Orlando, FL USA! =)
Tip #76: Know yourself. If you are most comfortable and compatible with a certain type of play then stick with it and become the best at it.
I never would have thought moroon 5 and wiz would have a song together
just still upset haha
Can't wait to go to FreeTulsa! July 29th and 30th!
FWIW, TV will probably show mostly #Orange fans here, but there's plenty of #Badgers fans on the bottom sideline side, right behind us.
thank you for this blog post! look forward to working with you lovelies!
Is moving for the third time in less than a year... it's been fun. I think I'll stick with this one for awhile.
> even if we fight it, life has a way of making sure...
I love God so much... its like when I'm so undeserving he gives out more..
On June 11, communities all over the US will suspend the population-control killing of healthy animals for "just one day." Spread the word!
Amped and Ready....let's get this shit started! Already been Rollin, KING, since 6....come join the party! Lol
RT : what we remember defines us...what are you remembering?
Wuddup i remember last year i performed at the dub last year tryna win 1 of ya beats and alladat dat nite was crazy
Just stepped back in time and did a quick SSI shtml page. Hello 1996. How have you been?
Walkn thru Walmart thinkn that I need to have or fix me fruit salad for this diet I'm tryin to start lol!!
I love that idea!
figuring out my birthday plans
MTV awards tonight !!!!! Make sure u watch it and before you do go on facebook and like us please : )
Watched basketball wives n I definitely respect Tammy's gangster. Moms need to show the same love they give there sons to there daughters.
When a girl says "whatever", she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark,and then eaten by it.
we stack our dominoes to keep the board manageable when playing chickenfoot!
your my inspiration and you would make me the happiest girl in the world of you followed me!
RT : cutting out of work early to watch my .. havent missed a game in 5 years and i wont start now
for small children, retards and deuceing?
im already followed you.
nigga u been workin yo ass off lately! We gota click up bro
Cool Runnings trending just made me so happy..... "Sanka, ya dead?" ... "Yaa Mahhnn"
RT if your on your phone =)
Saved a little yorkie! Knocking has its perks!
RT GetEddyForThis #iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo all the chinese people in topeka who have made me money this past week haha
Engines fired!
I haven't drank once this whole month.
who is that man?
some material presented at the legal issues panel at SMX Israel is not accurate.
Takin a piss in the nearest corner you can find! #Idc im a city boy
I left out the part about me showing up to the test with puke on Sarah Reichard's fleece from the night before :-/
you should join my gym!
Thanks Paige! Had a busy day but I guess it will all keep til tomorrow. Hope you are well!
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. – Dale Carnegie
Ayye I'm bout to graduate soon bout to get this job and get this other car Ayyyeee can u say 30's
Hate when my Dominican barber texts me, "Are you come today?" ...
Hourly work dilemma: feeling sick, but don't want to forfeit a day's pay!
Continued prayer for Bobby Kristina... We love you girl!
maybe I can be in the Behavior Analysis Unit though
Rick Perry: I hope I'm the #timtebow of the Iowa Caucuses...at least he could remember Tim Tebow's name?
Good time at Nobu last night....Now work time!!!
The new EP rules. Congrats on being the top purevolume artist, sir!
Leaving soon for the last shoot day of 'Blue Moon'
Hit my snooze button 6 times today and now I'm late fuck !
RT : RMEI including and will be spending the weekend roaming the VIP area : - We'll be in touch!
thanks but i know im not"/
That's some gospel shit right there, Bro. You preach wisdom.
I was a little girl in the 1970s. I will forever associate Donna Summer w/learning to roller skate, + I'm grateful.
Your welcome. Nice meeting you.
Perhaps it is to keep them in.
u never miss a good thing til its gone but can u miss it if u never had it
When the fuck are all of my #NewarkAcademy friends coming home for the summer I miss them
Marching today in Dallas against immigration bill
Ha. Yeah, pretty impressive. I had a hard enough time with proper instruments. Def. couldn't do it with makeshift ones!
I hope so. He & Burton ruined DARK SHADOWS ... hope he won't ruin another tv classic!!
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. -Denis Waitley
Thank you! That's wonderful. Would love to hear your secrets.
Never apologize for what you feel. It's like saying sorry for being real. ♥
checking out the Dallas restaturants. WTF is with all the places that are closed on Sun & Mon?
I'm just a prom night dumpster baby
Should I get this black beamer?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
Original? RT "You have kept me waiting - too long - it's almost midnight. The servants are asleep!" (Watching #Nosferatu)
In Ottawa now at the Liberal National Biennial with more than 3000 registered delegates.
Wise decision, no one gets their feathers ruffled, but for the time being we'll just imagine you wearing green and gold...
Beautiful blonde, I want to marry your friend.
Oh college
While *nicely* digitizing everything.
you are #creepin ♥
Thanks for the Tweet Sue! Hope that you enjoy.
Wow - I'm jealous!!!
The TeaParty Right Wingers woke me up and made me an Atheist.
Thanks guys for sharing Jeff's blog! Glad you liked it and hopefully it will help your followers :-) Have a great week!
Catracha, how do you tweet much, been about 6 months and can't even get to 1000 tweets yet .. Lol
We got 420 facebook fans now! Where my pot smokers at?
looking good guys!
And exactly "who" would pay for any of these R&D pathways or launch costs that far outweigh any investment made?
I once ran a dudes pockets in my own living room
TYVM for the #shoutouts! :) Catching up on @ mentions & DMs! :) :)
