People call me Kay. But my name is Kaylee. xP
penn state this weekend!
Oh Great! Just got home from Pizza Parlor. A 13 year old shouted to me "Watch Breaking Dawn! Bella died!" I was about to watch it TOMORROW!
Vivid Vocab Extends Free Trial to Its SAT Vocabulary Users Vivid Vocab, a popular new eLearning software for SAT and GRE vocabulary, has
hey hon;)
wondering if I should get an ear piercing ?:) should I
For Valentines day, treat your sweetie to a 6oz petite filet of beef w bubbly lobster mac & cheese!
I know Lebron is good but how is Kobe not the MVP of the league
RT : Waking up with a headache ??<<< take some Willow Pain Reliver I'm sure my Girl cheer u up Jamie :)
Wish we could say the same for “: RT : Finally took my ΔΓ sticker off my car.. #PGP "
Ok. Put your ear up to a light bulb for about 30 seconds. THEN check your.
Are you in Chicago at #AWP12? Say hi to ALOUD's Louise Steinman at the table
of course you are.
Show this morning for school groups at Times Square Arts Center!
I'm alive and well just been busy folks....
I want you in every way. I want you to be with me every single day. Happy Valentine’s Day.
Well, hurry up, so I can come visit you in Amsterdam!
damn dude good luck
oh #TomBrady, why you so pretty?
Yep that is true but in case you didn't I thought I'd ask. lol
Welcome to all my new followers. I'm looking forward to reading your tweets.
#Top100Lies "I didn't get your call."
not having anyone to turn to <<<
I was sleeping!!! What happened?
Hard work pays off big time...
A perfect fall night for riding and drinking.
Fitch Report: For those companies which defaulted after a distressed exchange the weighted average recovery fell to 29.3% from 50.8%
Hopefully I get some time today to start learning #Storyline since its getting rave reviews in the #elearning world
Same to you!
#askselena would Dream Out Loud come to China or Hong Kong? Selenators in Hong Kong are really love Dream Out Loud but can't buy.....
Sean put a bunch of fake money in our mailbox
All music is roots music. However, too much of it has been genetically modified and over-fertilized.
If you see me today, don't be surprised if my wave has been replaced by a Gator Chomp.
Why are Canadian girls so cute?
What's the last Good Movie you saw that you would recommend?
Cannot wait to see in September! are you down?!
To all our WS minors and BC students-- have a wonderful holiday break and good luck with the end of finals! We will see you in January 2010!
John- Why do you continually ignore my texts? It's time for a coach, maybe even a genius OC, to be honored on the box.
Put Me On Ya' Myspace Top 8 So I KNOW It's Real.
Clouds begin to break this evening with partly cloudy conditions overnight. We fall to 47°.
I'll try tomorrow. Hes still on the plane coming back from AUSTRALIA right now.
Thanks! Smart patrons are our favorite patrons.
That makes two of us :-)
#ThingsThatINeed A Million Dollars $$$$$
Teachers: Happy Teachers' Appreciation Week! Thanks for all the wonderful things that you do! :-)
just got out of the hunger games clove was amazing good job:)
Not calling me cause you think im short famous hey
Graduation is in 20 days!
Why am I not Lea Michele?
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<315
Trying to find a 4-6' by 16' led surface for substantially less than six figures.
Have had 2 family members use the R. McDonald House services...so thankful for it!!
he is my boyfriend i will give him my heart as my valentines day card:) i don't think i can throw a card that high;) lawddd:)
s/o follow the homie!
#6WordSciFiStory - ...but Captain, that would be genocide.
beautiful message
his parents too! D.rose 's mom would! I would..I'm a mom..I'd kick his ass! His parents like that money don't they?help him!
Are you feeling better? Did the dog get over being ill?
I understood. but I think can confirm, no LHN in stadium, at least. even if it was a metaphor.
Ford Thunderbird Hoodie Sweatshirt – T-Bird Green Car Black Hoody
I think I'm going to start body building ..
Going to see Bill Maher tonight. Thanks sis!
Yea uncle Rush that is so true, we can either make our selves happy or miserable... Y are u up so early.. doing yoga..Love it
Thorns and stings and those such things - just make stronger our angel wings. -
Fuck, just fell down my stairs singing one of chamillionaire 's song. fuck up my shin though. DAMNIT, this hurt.
I love tha skin I'm in
"But you sat down, you got high, that's all you wanted to do, that's how you got by"
I be thuggin and it ain't no secret. I run game, so when its ran on me I can peep it.
Happy Friday, #Austin go check out some of the fun things this weekend!
"Bands Of The Week" updated this week= & AMiletoofar
2nd pick NFL week 4 - Cards/Chargers 46 pts. #TakeTheOver -- Rivers finds comfort zone w/new set of receivers
call gio and well tlk bout it
all i want is to get talked about like in but that wont happen :/
posted live podcast from Portland Saturday Market on icompositions.com/artists/NorthPoint
shh back to the kitchen with you. no one was speaking to you.
Don't take issue with someone who asks for what they want, take issue with the fool that gives in to their unreasonable request.
Best of luck,
FDA Loses Appeal, Can’t Regulate E-Cigarettes as Drug This is huge for HPNN.PK.
DUBAI FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
Headed home from work. ,
S/O to my 500 followers baby! I want 10,000 by 2013. Real ones though
Baltimore man arrested Tuesday night after losing it when he discovered his room had been trashed by Roommate's dog.
I'm a #Gleek! Watched last night. Disco lives & it's ok. Really it is!
Thanks for favoriting the L&L question, Chris!
Chicago is 0 for 1 I'm sure the bulls will make it 1 for 2 after tonight
I AM LEGIT FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW CUZ OF ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!
Re: my last Rt... RT : Eek, that nice summary of a Nature paper I tweeted is by Apologies for the typo.
Happy Saturday everyone! Enjoy your weekend!
girl yo morning sound like mines
TONIGHT: Boulder S'Wedge - El Roco - 8 PM - FREE>>>ALSO FREE DRINKS FROM ABSOLUT BETWEEN 9 AND 10 GET THERE EARLY FOR THE SHOW THOUGH!
you know what she could be a replacement lol
Got a lot to get done. Time to get moving!
People come and go
Maybe we're in a startup bubble. So what? Now get back to work.
Unfortunately no list spots for Brokencyde tonight!
.‏ Not about fixating on resemblance to #Whitney, but finding balance between talent and look. Zoe Saldana (bonafied actress) has it.
p.s only kidding :)
if #jeremylin doesn't play in NYC, would even bother covering him? Lin's been good, but if he played in MKE or Utah?
Memphis. Why don't you have any good community centers?
followed :) follow back
Wanted to hit up Adam Express tonight, but the line is almost out the door. Great to see them doing well after brig closed for a few months.
Yin & Yang, though. The job security of the CCP also lends to its efficiency. Total control means things get done.
Everyone in this van is "People Watching".... you wouldn't belive some of the stuff people do while driving. Haha
Wow. And I'm still angry when non-acting jobs ask me to send a photo of myself along with my resume!
S/O my lil brother from another mother...
#TheBestPartOfMyDay was this morning when you said I Love You for the first time ever. It took you 3 years. Better late than never <3
pick me
tweeting the boyz perverted pick up lines is how i release some of the sexual frustration they cause me.
Just tapped lawnmower So come join us for fat Tuesday!!
i have no words for how beautiful clair de lune is. i need to learn it on guitar.
Scott, would love to meet you at #ctia. Please DM me
Sandra Bulloch: no...just, no.
It has been the best 8 months, now we just have to get through the next 5 days ...
Acura returns to entry luxury with ILX After leaving the entry-luxury fray when it killed the RSX hatchback in 2006, Acura has returned w
"We are so sick as a people we turn down our own spiritual medicine.... #wedontwanttobehealed!
Dont think about it be about it
I cant tell if girls have always been fucking crazy and i just realized it or if high school does that to them.
When people misspell words on purpose it gets annoying.
just lemonade. Very delicious :)
ahah! So *you're* the UI designer for Craigslist!
It's 4:30. Can I get a cocktail, please?
Eventually they will learn to
Virginia Beach Citizens' Police Academy is currently accepting applications through Monday, August 24, 2009.
thank you!
I thought I had to wait a couple weeks but they act like they grew back so fast
You will be meeting me
• You can add up all the conference/tourney championships in both sports and still won't have more than The U
;; Eatinn dinnerr (: && Dude . I found like an old message of us talking in feb. Crazy right !?
Computers Guide » Blog Archive » Exactly why a Rekey to help ...
I wish I could say I was up working on things for my last final exam, but I'm not. I'm just an insomniac.
Headed to The tonight for a very special dinner! I've never been & can't wait to feast on yummy Japanese cuisine. #YUM! :)
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Problem: During my bike commute, I keep wanting to check Facebook on my phone. Solution: Practice mindfulness.
I always buy too much sour cream : /
lets get it
no fair
Hitch Hedberg used to be dead. He still is, but he used to be too. 7 years today. Sad.
:D Thank you for sharing!
coped a new wallet finally
is in her office, tweeting. Lol
Maybe we'll start a movement - HARK!
Very crazy week. Excited to begin working on #Machon12 w/ this weekend!
The first one is real smooth, some future type shit---but a mixture of something I like :)
I always cry when i hear that. it never fails :-(
well!What has justin's fan got to do with room..LoL.:D i'm defending Paige or something.i'm asking a general question :)xx
Mann I hope can bring the SOUL back to R&B his voice is epic......
I DMed you, hope you see it :)
Massachusetts Communities Receive Municipal Blue Innovation Award for Affordability and Wellness Initiatives
Chris Rock--my first true chuckle of the night.
girl fine bad as ever lol
lmao that was a crazy day tho....it started in Franklin Millz parking lot an ended near my union hall lmao
Come on over and check us out great #deals, #crazy, #fun in Denver!
I HATE the Knicks. I hate them. I hate them. I hate them.
I thought that was a normal accordion, but is it amplified/modified as in his other works? Congratulations on the premiere
Damn is lookin fine today
Just gotta ask: Who really is responsible for taking away those freedoms? #OBL really solo act in fear mongering?
12 min until first pitch here at John Sessions Stadium between the cougars and YOUR DOLPHINS!!!
absolutely, yes. I intended to wait to hear from him before doing so.
S/o to my lil man having girl problems. Love the game bro, not the girl!!! Girls are players too!
Amen to that
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Buddha
I'm Jill. I work as a temp ref librarian at a community college.
true. he never has to welcome and thank himself ;) #ldsconf hahaha
hold on, let me smell your breath, yeah your breath smells like poop.
Haha you follow lots of drivel I guess. :P Thanks for the love doll!
Zahava Doering: trust your visitor,give them tools, leave them alone.
prob not a bad idea, I can relate to tornado panic. The radar looks nasty. But you have twitter!
There was little soul but plenty of lights. More bright lights than in an operating room. My eyes still burn.
<---This Lady is drop dead gorgeous!
Recession?? Why was it so hard to find a parking space at the Mall of America?
Excited about Fat Tuesday. It's this week! Remember last year at #whiskeytango?? This year will be even better!!
Have a frugal find you'd like me to feature? Please share!
way to ditch gym today. We watched our dance videos
IU didn't OVER celebrate their win against VCU. They celebrated a win against a good team, a trip to sweet 16, & a rebirth!
Happy Mothers day. my mom refused to get up. 5 minutes of whining. okay... night.
His name shall be ... Drum roll...#Sheldon :-)
excellent! Have you trained/educated employees on it?
Have computer problems? The geeks r back! JG store opens up again Mon, Jan 9 630p-830p in Rm 216 at the Rock. See u there! God bless.
thanks for everything man! Love you!!
Once you cross the line to physical assault, particularly w/homophobic undertones, that's something that can't be explained away
Whats a good exercise to do, to target that lower part just below the buttocks the (adductor magnus)?
apparently now Facebook notifies you every time someone accepts or declined your invitation to an event. and I just invited 253 people.
Miley wears a crop top and a skirt and gets called a slut. Selena wears the same but gets called cute and beautiful. What the actual fuck?
Maybe I'm old fashioned but the 1962 James Bond film Dr. No has all the action I need...assassination attempt with a cute, fuzzy tarantula
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
Don't be scared of free-weights. Try your best to make them close friends. You won't regret it.
hee!! Y'all know me well
I can't wait for my sat am date with My lashes look tranny...
always wake up 1.5 hours before my alarm, naturally. old co-worker says she has a house in reno i can live in a year for free o_O
I think Drupal is too much tool for him -- I suspect Joomla is, too. He just wants an interface to edit mostly static pages.
Six Buck Chuck. DC Brau Brewing Company's 'The Corruption' IPA. Fries, and a Brownie for luck.
Oh my god. Need to get off twitter. I'm venting my feelings after watching Jenna Marble's videos. This isnt a good mix
RT : Dumervil: 4th most multiple-sack games (14) thru a player's 1st four years in NFL history.
Never give up on anything you know is worth all you have.
Had fun at level2 tonight
When are you going to be in town? I'm headed to CT at the end of April to look at wedding venues w/my sister
Bedtime is the best time..
Holy crap! Benjamin Bratt is on Private Practice!!! Is he a regular?!?!?
Quote of the Day: Need a break from shoveling.....stop in at the deli for a delicious breakfast!
I'm joining and to volunteer at PS 140 M - what will your good deed Tribute be for ?
#21 Jackson Square (tarot reading) - New Orleans, LA
Smoking really does seem to be the topic of conversation over there, doesn't it? Ya cold?
You look simply stunning :)
Anyone have a great tip to save money? Please let me know!
So so so unbelievably shitty omg i cant see straight
"Anytime in this country that we see schools that have transformed it is because of the people in the building. Teachers!" Ray McNulty
Happy Dandelion Day!
thank you! the internet is so nice to me sometimes!
Now I remember why I order things online.
So proud of my mom who graduates from university of Maryland tomorrow!
guess that's one of the newer iPhone wake up options I haven't downloaded yet!
Great work. Love the use of light.
need to what? Love your background photo! LOL
the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.
Your friends look like some #Switches !
I voted and retweeted. Who took that picture?
USAA. Good stuff. If you can get it.
You deserve the best
Sports radio fans, The Truth really does exist. Just met him at McDonalds on the UofL campus
Leggo, bring Breezy on!
u gotta link 4 it?!
I know I'm crazy.. I should be out promoting my country CD now out, but I'm too distracted with trying to write songs for autism awareness.
Finally going to bed. Over did it a bit with the WoW tonight. Good night.
Why didn't you bring us chief !
FAQ #5 Boat Docking: 3 hour slip is immediately in front of the restaurant. Dock walks right up to the patio! Just call us at 414-763-1637
Pep Rally/Social tonight @ Team Thomas Headquarters 1502 Franklin Street, NE from 6:30pm - 8:30pm.
I love groundbreakings. The Yards Phase C is off and running!
oh. i forget what we were even talking about. and what do you mean anymore?
Heat cancelled they practice friday cuz Sunday they taking care of business
great day so far today, classes and such. Now for some business, and then rehearsals
Thanks 2 all who stopped by #FCANAT11 booth #707 to visit We gave out 600 Chiro kits Try our FULL line of #Sombra products today!
beats, beats, beats my dog hmu!
“: I'm told I'm supposed to be tweeting more. Here it is!” just don't start talking about your laundry here
I wonder if EKU realizes it's the 21st century and we have the wonderful invention called air conditioning. Tired of waking up dehydrated
your kids will wash dishes when they have their own apartments (maybe)
You don't know my life so don't judge me :p
If I don't follow you and you follow me and you want me to follow back. I will like seriously follow back. loool. I promise. Just ask.
Fox News: Obama's 8 billion "Quality" Bonus Plan for Medicare nothing more then a pay off for silence through the election. ,)
Seriously, this is so much more disgusting than "The Decision" D12 is disgraceful
ever hear of the cellhelmet? Half the size of that brick!
Good morning! Stay tuned for tweets from the Social Learning Summit today. Follow along via the #SLS12 hashtag.
Thanks for the welcome! Nice to meet you too.
First Zumba class at Astor Street Dance. A little unorthodox to say the least, but I think I'll be back.
This will probably be one of the last times I say this but
Fear and loathing in COS for Congressman Lamborn.
Congratulations to Gotham Screen alumnus Tate Taylor on the twin Oscar nominations for 'The Help'. We'll keep our fingers crossed...
FancyAnne ....Come chill wit a hot nigga
Ditto to you, Elijah! Thanks so much for #bashh hospitality! :)
i don't get how so many banks lost BillPay functionality at the same time... with no acceptable public explanation. Annoying.
me to!! love you!
He said Hi Liz <3 ^-^ lol
#FF The Soft Mouth Gang:
thanks babe
Must be tweet watching... As usual
America is a land where men govern, but women rule. ~ John Mason Brown
Sneak me in your bag please.
RIP Etta James -- you'll be missed!
The jets go 3-and-out...
Me right now... 2% - I'm actually trying to sleep... 98% - thinking of thousands of whys, ifs and hows.
yeah! Keep tweeting .... day will be filled w/new tweeter friends!
I think I love your blog, but I need more time with it. You appear quite accomplished. I may have questions...
should play some good rock music on Pandora to wake me up, but I can't stop playing Christmas music!!!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have. Thank you for being there for me.
listening , hear you loud and clear.
Hey, thanks for following!! I shall return the favor- Take Care!
Simmons College Radio!
yep well I was haha
on the what? List?
Good Tits hunting
The survival rates for ovarian cancer have changed very little over the last 40 years.
#S/O to that boy
Good morning! Can't wait till UStream tonight!! Y'all have a great day!
I also posted that video for the late Mike Melvoin,Wendy and Susannah's father.R.I.P.
I cannot bear to watch the Rodney King special. I just cannot bear to watch it, after all these years.
I have a feeling today is going to be another long day
Happy Birthday Mike! RT Happy Birthday to #17 Mike Parisi! The RHP turns 29 today!
I'm at my house and my room is spotless lololol thank you mom! Hahaha
I prefer Atlanta, but it depends. Budget? What kind of food do you guys like?
It's still before 12 so you're okay.
"I'm President Barack Obama, and I, too, want to slow jam the news."
Recommended follows now include #ALEC :-)
Thx for following!
Paul Below and Jill Matzat's GCP presentation was an interactive eye-opener. Content, delivery, education, fun: top-drawer.
Cameras are flashing as the processional begins. #LCGrad There are 500 graduates joining the scores of LC alumni today.
Happy Tuesday, #Madison!
Thanks much. Yeah, Dark Shadows was an interesting failure ... But that's about the best one can say.
Hey wanna follow our organization in Pittsburgh? We're spreading awareness about Universal Health care through local artists!
What do you call a grasshopper with no legs ?A grasshover !
Wednesday Day Crew use EMT skills
As of this moment ur racist/one sided/biased reporting has only served to heighten racial tension. You've done a disservice!
Did you know that there is going to be a Magic/Bird show on #Broadway? #Weird Hope we didn't ruin one of 2nights trivia questions.
I heard - told me, too bad I missed out but it sounds like you and the peeps had fun!
Don't ever overthink something small. You'll end up creating problems that were never there to begin with.
sorry I missed you when I was in Denver, was super busy, maybe next time. Great job again!
< took the words out my mouth
Why are you tweeting when you have 10 followers?
#RedSox - balk and a tie game!
I just watched that! So touching.
I rlly need to get my mom a mothers day gift
One big room full of fake assholes.
Way/weigh to go, Mike! Keep it up!
for real, who the hell picked this matchup for primetime
alright I'll hit u up to chill when I come bak from Orlando
While you enjoy the Hunger Games, I will be enjoying the talking, eating, drinking and shopping games with my BFF, my lovely sister!!!
Haha, you need one.
My money is on TPaw proudly accepting the nomination to lead the GOP into 2012
the ending was hard for me, too. it was honest realistic.
An OZONE ACTION ALERT is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow! Please reduce your driving and refuel in the evening. For more tips:...
When ur single all u see is happy couples and when ur in a relationship all u see is happy single people.
the draft is on and you are talking politics.. What kinda man are you?!??
As of now im starting off New Im done with Everything and Everybody that aint behind me 100%....
This is also news? RT Study confirms many of us go online for no reason: apne.ws/t1YmCJ -ldh
Thanks for the follow, Jeff. Looking forward to your updates!
I love this fan base.
you two are so cute
The BOS meeting has concluded. The meeting will be archived and available soon. What are your thoughts? Pics coming soon.
No! Why! RT : Oh no. Poor RT The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a one-year deal.
Thanks hun! Pretty excited, nervous too though :) Ohh that's awesome u have the internship lined up!! What classes are u taking?
Looks like my iPad is going need to wait a few more days now for iOS 4.2. Hurry up please Apple!
Big shout out to my friends both of these guys are going to are you?
Congratulations to the 2012 Tony Award Nominees! BEST REVIVAL OF A MUSICAL: Evita, Follies, Gershwins' PorgyandBess, Jesus Christ Superstar
Cancelled tonight! too chilly.
I can bring some of my homemade mix. If I had more time I would make a new batch of bacon & foie infused bourbon
<-- follow him! Follow him & RT this and ill follow you x
Don't be that girl . Be yourself :)
Of course(: and awhh thank you, im very blessed<3
I'm so glad you've learned this new term, and that I had the full opportunity of demonstrating it.
I love when people have confidence in their products/ideas but it seems like so many are overconfident and miss the mark
Soft lips >>>
Are you guys having trouble w/ site? I'm trying to watch the latest Community ep on my laptop and it's saying not available.
According to my calculations, approximately 98 million people are engaged in the same thermodynamic improbability right now.
That awkward moment Jen you get on the bus and the driver says " that's what I'm talking about" and winks...
RT ": Idk if I did or did not give a s/o to but if I did, doing it agen S/O LOL"
it's called groups email
what is/was the paper about?
nice pick :)
I'm so excited I don't know if I can sleep! Sounds like you are having a great time. Merry Christmas!
I want to be a mega millionaire so freakin bad...
WANT A CHANCE 2 WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED TRUKFIT HAT BY LIL WAYNE HIMSELF??? SPEND $50 IN TRUKFIT & BE ENTERED N2 THE DRAWING!!
you got it
i want YOU
Stroll by during your lunch hour for a Spinach & Beet salad with a cup of Rice Soup Florentine and an Iced Blueberry Rooibos tea
Glad to see you back! How has life been treating you?
I NEED EVERYBODY TO GO CHECK OUT LIMOUSINE BY PRINCE HYPNO FT BO DEAL!! IM IN THE VIDEO! GO CHECK IT OUT!!! :) YOU TUBE
Follow and use #sla2010 for the latest news and to send out items before New Orleans. This account will no longer re-tweet.
i would slap you but i dont want to get slut on me
Hope everyone is having a better start to their day than I am.
Officially an academic tutor for mr. Edmonds for THIRD PERIOD. gotta love it.. :D
All day team meeting with and
For some reason you're not showing up on my TweetDeck account.
Love life and it will return the favor. :)
Enjoyed following the tweets :) Do it more often!
OH! Haha my bad cause he's got accepted to this grad school in like Chicago or something.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that you should never really trust anybody, and it showed who my real friends are.
Good hanging with you at Journey party! How you liking the rest of SXSW?
got it at the labor temple rally in madison today
Watching #Revenge on dvr, so glad this show is back!!!
Back from Burnley Baby !
Happy Easter beautiful people! ☀🙏🙌😊❤👼🌸
" It is a thousand times better to have Common Sense without Education than to have Education without Common Sense. "~~~~Robert G. Ingersoll
There are plenty of spots left in our FREE pantherFILE session tomorrow morning. Registration goes through the end of today!
I think I overshot it for my pre-Thanksgiving workout... owwwww. On a brighter note, I'm getting to know how my hip flexors work.
Also Thanks to Chef Al at the organic Chef and Rosas Farm for the Grass Fed Beef and Sustainable pork 4 r Italian Sausage
Glad we're on the same page here...
I'm addicted to HGTV
all these fairytales are full of shiiiiit.
Morgans Hotel Group Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
It's Friday! We're busy working on our graphic design site and adding the #qsl pricing and info. What about you? de KB9ZLB&
Harbaugh is the best coach in the league.
Lol! I think she's pretty F*N swell. Im glad u C the means 2my madnes! *thinkin* marathon= u+me+party favors?
How's everyone doing on this fine Thursday?
My mom loves this band to much..
You didn't watch the NBA All-Star game? I am stripping you of your commish duties
Great news! Hybrid cars valet for free while staying at our hotel! RT this if you own a hybrid.
I SEE YOU DO THAT THANG WENZDAY
nice! Yeah, the new stuff is amazing. I still have a bunch WFHO Chocolate, but once I run out, I'll switch to Vega One willingly.
Ben throws Courtney off the top of the temple. Oh snap.
that is a good point. I know my girls would have a harder time with shorter more frequent deployments. All have their own pros/cons.
#Dinner made, #workout in & #shower taken. After running some #errands, its time to lay back & #chill. Come on
WELCOME......WERE WATCHING YOU
renewed your NRA membership?! You aren't a Life member?!
How did you get my photos??
me too! I was tempted to get one at chick-fil-a when I got cams breakfast!
good luck at your game tonight :)
delete demi, but
I LOVE him.
Shut the fuck up!
Focused repair lotion strips away dead skin, creates perfect environment for the Calm/Restore serum to penetrate, seal skin.
Just presented at Maya Angelou Schools Graduation w Patti Austin Common Jeff Majors. host. National Theater.
Do he know without the players he can't get paid neither
what's a twitter list? :-) Seriously no.
I plan on getting so schwasty pants this week that will be throwing up too!
I'll be at Toyota Center tomorrow for #Rockets #Kings. Since I'm 4-0 this season, Kings don't even need to show up. And, they're the Kings.
Mother Mother. Nice. Suede-ish.
It was good chillin with the homie after like 2 years. Turn up. Haha
#truckaroo & Russia House in one night probly a bad idea but...tomorrow is Saturday so what the heck.
Roseanna Vitro - 2012 Grammy Nominee - Vocal Jazz Album - The Music of Randy Newman !!!
Check out your nephew on twitter and facebook. He sure would like to hear from you!
BBQ & Water Balloons w. my whole entire family on this beautiful day <3
thanks. i apprecaite it.
What is your favorite room in your home?
is back in #chiodos !!! What!!!
Q3 would be cool to develop "bookshelf display" in HTML5 & CSS3 of all the new books the lib gets
you are on it tonight!! Love it!
I must briefly mention that Two Broke Girls though a horribly uncreative show name is actually a very funny, clever, current piece of work
is also the first amazing sponsor for the are you following us Scott?
If its not one thing it's another
Working it!!!
I guess I missed you? Gonna start running towards temescal in a minute
Where da haters at??????
I love kids and care about their safety, but I freaking cant stand school zones.
Announcing the winner tomorrow! Dont forget to hit the "Like" button for a chance to win $70 worth of free jewelry www.lebury.com
Playing in the rain > everything.
Please follow
We all manage to be in our backyard for mothers day! Happy mothers day everyone!
do you ever eat any of the baked goods/food that fans give you?
If you didn't know, I'm a practicing vegetarian...which means I practice being vegetarian, but find some way to consume meat weekly. O_o
i don't find black lipstick attractive.
aww that's awesome :)
The dream of the '90s is alive!
I can't make you heart feel something that it won't...
Have to say I really hate my electric weed eater. Batteries went to crap the first year. Maybe mowers fair better?
if they don't have boobies, they aren't
nice guys are faggots
Chi-town REPRESENT! I'm from Wheaton :)
Final week of the semester. Lots to do--class dinners, final speeches, grading, and more. Make it a good week, everyone! :)
can't decide which we're enjoying more: our pesto chicken paradise from or all the summer intern eye candy walking by on 6th ave.
a lot of thought goes into my choices. i dont rush into things.
same to you ~ pleasure to meet you both, book lovers!
Wouldn't they give out an "aye" instead of an "A"? :-)
Fun to see on
Rt! I am bummed I missed the opening. Had a photo shoot 12-6:( I will stop in 2 day
i have to go to the hood :O
You got away now...but god sees everything...
k should I go to new orelans mexico or the bronx
"rm -rf /" would be a good one.
I said I wasn't gettin out of bed this weekend but I am thinkin about going to office to do some work...what's wrong with me!
Seems as if student edcafe sessions could work around standards or essential questions like guided inquiry.
k sounds great thanks !
RT : My boss just told me I could wear my pink heels to work. #win {wait....since when are you wearing heels? haha ;) }
. Hi. We are looking for an in house web designer in McKinney, TX
Yep...and who knows about the Big East! Too much...just like technology sometimes!
Tomorrow comes to take me away...
Back from rehearsal. Got another brand new tune under our belt we'll be debuting at Big Easy on Friday night called Simon Pure.
Nicely said congrats you've earned it.
Clickbank Cash Secrets - Adkreator Review - Landing Page Template
Congrats on the new gig! Sorry, though, to see you go. CSPAN's lucky to have you.
Miss California might be MISS USA .... but MISSUZ SNIDER says it's time to go to bed !!!! Good night .....
No, afriaid not! But I'm looking fwd to being wtih you all at !!
RT : black boys > any other race
Today in one of my class I told my friend to watch Golden White by they are a fan now! So now you have new fans! Team threezy!
The suspense waiting for to HOPEFULLY see my dm is killing me :( I hope he sees it <3
The risingsun now shone on the cliff and they could see the windows, the shuttersof which were closed, through the curtains of foliage
Hope your time here was great! It was very nice meeting you
Exactly, he is a president, not a preacher and he has to America pleasant for everyone.
we lost our part time school nurse. well, she use to be full time, until scooter became governor. she quit to find a full time job.
i just voted for you! :)
“: “: Everything I rock is made by except for my hair an shoes!!!!” loyal”
": Episode 1 Season 4 did not disappoint! #BreakingBad" not at all! That was intense!
Everyday keeps getting better...I must hit the gym today but I am thinking I must also hit the Beach mid to high 80s fo-real...Happiness is!
damn him .. we're officially done w/ him ^_^
nah, FOR RT : What did you score on the wonderlic test? 3? You ain't shit RT : I been n the bed for today's!!
Fuck this headache!! 😣😠
You gotta tell me Thursday if The Pitch is any good.
RT Today my horoscope said to begin a healthier life including diet and exercise. Crazy... Cuz that was my plan anyways.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  3
Going around the lake with mom.^~~^
I'm checking out of further participation in the #yotba comments, but will keep reading. Congrats to for sparking so much discussion.
well, that's a given.
In adult school -.-
Is so hot out here
just smoked up and #swa666 [ASTR]
MHM! #TeamPuroPinchiAries RT #Aries not only talks the talk they build the path to walk the walk.
Thanks Nicole!! Hey there Snarky Puppy! Hook a couple of radio hosts up, please! We love what you're doing!
LOL RT This chick has more flashbacks than a Vietnam vet
keep using TOUT. I dig it. Son has JV Football at 5:30 in Frisco. Think it's gonna happen?
just had a full on conversation with my mum about pubic hair, normal
Yum!! how fast can you get some over to me? LOL
Haha! Tell her if she doesnt sign in the world will end! Lmfao!
best plan ever. but AFTER the wedding, please, so I fit into my dress!
My pleasure RT : Thank you
Lemonade makes me Happy
Remember the names, see the patterns #nerdland:
Hi sweetie! I hope you are having a wonderful sleep.
Any time!
But I still dont think the Steelers will pay his asking price..His agent wants 120 mil
apparently in china, today is the birthday for all dogs #lovugizmo woof
what tweet up? Who what where when and why? Can i come?
Sometimes you need to say fuck everyone && do for you. You only have God by your side at the end of the day....
that was eighth grade nigga
yea...im pissed off...i havent eaten since 10...im starving..
Chicago baby!
Lakers did hella bad today but they can do better nxt time tho
In other news - I have a corneal abrasion. Definitely not as cool as it sounds.
Where is the old you? The one I used to talk to.
Out-walked the bus to work. Thanks to the warm weather, Wilco's motivational tunes and the CTA bus tracker for telling me it would be late.
Well look at you, miss Twitter thang! They ALWAYS need dresses and dolls. When will I get to see your happy face again?
haha! so what you doing over the weekened!
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness. Jackson Brown
hey your Peyton's friend! :^D since Peyton follows me, maybe you might follow me too? ;^)
And I forgot to eat.
Very cute. What's his/her name? :)
Rotary is HUGE on an international scale some Rotary Clubs in Bangalore India have their own buildings! But we heart
Rib-bayou? Rib-iero? Rib-a-riverdance?
Miley and Demi on one stage...... CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT!!
Duck pin bowling with the fam... Ellie won.
Wait , where is my cat ?
"Cuz I'm a karate man, alright? Karate man bruise on the inside..." #tradingplaces This movie is always good.
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
feeling like you're driving home in a monsoon.. not fun
For those unsure, the answer to yesterday's trivia question is Belgium! Belgium boasts more than 400 individual brands!
loading up some new Metric for you round 12:15
Thankss follow us back!! and be sure to like us on facebook! help us spread the word
my family is fine.... When is your kid coming into the world?
Make Kony famous! Help save the children!
including watching him get burned for 5 touchdowns.
Like when u allow cats to be called ochocinco. U really think championship teams rock with a player legally named ochocinco?
I love you. Lol. I just work 8-12 hours for the past 3 days. No biggie.
The "We Will Survive" show will be AMAZING -- what a great collection of work from some of Vegas' best artists! "Sneak Peek" Fri, 9/23 7p
NYS test. Hate those.
Sometimes u gotta ignore tha world n listen 2 your inner self ~Peace & Luv!!!~
Writing to a track
not feeling all this shit
I hate when that happens, they better not try to speak to you!
isn't there art & science in both lesson design and delivery?
OMG I AM !!! I CANT WAIT #MahoneToLA (: PLEASE FOLLOW ME <33
agree with this. big swings back and forth make it hard for everyone to adapt for the long run.
The worst thing about today is tomorrow is only Wednesday.
Fuck evan turner
I'm sorry but our egifts expire after 12 months so there is nothing we can do.
Have you been? You may have just chosen my next vacation :)
Waiting to watch #Cats for the second time!!(:(:
Finally submitted 's project for the first Haitian Creole OpenStreetMap book, now to wait for approval=)
Gave final exam tonight. When I left it was dusk and the air was filled with the scent of honeysuckle.
Stevie Nicks kicked ass today on she is awsome
Don't say you love me unless you really mean it. Because I might do something really crazy like believe it.
no, you never piss me off. you're my best friend and i love you
Zimmerman's appropriation of the American flag is unsettling; he is clearly making a dog whistle to white reactionaries and nativists.
I'm a little unclear what it is you are referring to...? I don't recall "slamming" anything.
What's that? Sean decided to tweet a 2nd time in the month since he decided he needed to tweet more?
rofl! It's okay xD I wanna go next time they play at a lounge or something! We all should
upon my second viewing of Inception i must admit that it may be the best movie I've ever seen
Voldemort's perspective: Even if you don't put all your eggs in one basket, annoying teenagers can break them all.
1 more week to enjoy our new special: 2 slices pizza, any 1 topping/slice, your choice, & sm drink for $5+tax!
I'm sure you've probably got me beat!
Anybody know of a great writers residency in France, Spain or Italy? Looking to go this spring or summer! Fellowship would be nice...
come over bear and lets be motivated together! Pool parties are right around tha corner!
; fuck it not going too sleep.
"I am the shield that guards the realm of men" -knights watch pledge
I tried 3 different things and they all sucked in special ways. Went with zoho because at least configuring mail worked
RT I never wore a snapback and probably never will <----- You're missing out on one of life's hidden treasures... smh.
The cross becomes Christ's pulpit. Ponder his crucifixion sermons with us throughout this season of Lent. Share your thoughts with us.
it's been a pretty wonderful day if i must say so myself :) God is so good..always
congrats! Really outstanding. Should be a great fit.
As I was sitting on my flight, I told the window sitter "Morning!" His response: "Unbelievable." So, I'm either attractive or repulsive.
I forgot to say I was off today. My supervisor is going to kill me. Idk what to do!
at the gannet/USA today building in McLean
Back in the 614. Finally!
AMEN! This is so god damned sad...
Today is one of the few days that I start to see Arizona's point - daylight savings is the worst.
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into. ~Ansel Adams
Playing Thursday at Manhattans. Not in Manhattan but Toledo, Ohio. 6-9pm. Pete Ford & Jason Quick. Fun!
we can help you get all 10 fingers in the mix.
RT : wait which one is the Karen Carpenter biopic, Hunger Games or Game of Thrones?
Looks great! Can't wait to read it.
Ha! It's funny because it's true. Like Picasso witht he 10-15 foot jumpers.
Also, not upset. Just got SO many tweets abt chihuahua while in meetings today. Will take dog but working on lots of others too.
You have an iPhone, feel free to use emoji at any time now! 😏
Thx Mary! Spending time with loved ones is good for the soul :)
#MyCelebCrushIs Christian Bale.... Don't judge me I like Sharp teeth
Real eyez, realize, real lies
Seek what you want. Not what you don't. If you don't know what you want then you'll just be distracted by the things you don't.
ohh kool(: were doing a play... and I'm helping write it
Ready to go home
Pretty tired.
there was nothing I could do to make a drastic improvement so I just accepted it and focused on what to work on for next year..
ok Tex hits a home run every time against Bard
": Lol everybody either Heat or Thunder fans smh #bandwagons" people wanna be associated with winners...
I like your thinking buddy. We are on the same page!
played a song by on
Thank you for your support !
this week should go by fast
That cali bud the best though!
cause your retarded maybe?
WHAT HAPPENED TO SUNDAY? Where was I yesterday? I remember, let's see, WHERE WAS I?
Hate the chicks that call ur man 4 relationship advice.
Yeah, sadly, no matter how well done, the best part of the experience of theatre will be lost..
that was exactly what I was thinking
youre so amazing on pretty little liars... I'm so happy you have a twitter now! Loved last nights show(:
shit, i'll pay taxes on it if they wanna renovate my kitchen or whatever!
I love all these #target princess pictures :) haha and how I reaffirmed your love of them <3
Professor Barnhurst also organizes the Political Communication Graduate Student Pre-conference at ICA 11
Thanks for the like, Lukas Meier!
The Grammys last night was amazing!
It's going to be a wonderful year.
God speed Derrick #Rose. Out for 8-12 months. ACL injuries are never good.
How is it they can make Ho-Ho's and Twinkies last 12 years, but every time I need putty everything is completely dried up? HFCS in putty! ;)
forever and always. (;
“: Today's weather gets us in the mood for local food! #farmersmarket” We can't wait for May!
I can not stop thinking about you ♥
Tom McNutt retiring from NBC4. My Saturdays will never be the same. Last show this week.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Dear magical fairies that pop up and clean messes.... where the hell are you?
I was kinda disappointed when that turned out to be a chipotle ad.
Big lunch 2day. Spicy tofu, veggies, brown rice and tofu/veggie soup WITH those crispy noodles. Moderation is key! Light dinner 2nite. NOM!
#Didyouknow Earth is the only planet not named after a god
who use those any more
omg. you are by far the coolest cat that I know.
lmao yes i do ;D
Watching 'Gladiator' (again) and loving everything about the epic tale. If Maximus were a CEO today, who would he / she be?
I hope I go into a coma and create this universe in my head.
But Where, when, and how????
Have you heard of them before just now when I started talking about them?
How are you a rapper and you can't spell?
is this in church? Lol.
Happy birthday brain and tell angel that I'm sorry her mom past away :( at least I think so
RT Stand up for what you believe in even if it means you have to stand alone
Cooking Huevos Rancheros for dinner tonight! :-D
Thanks again to everyone for tuning in to tonight's YOBI Live show!
i changed erik to md news ( erik ).
I love your picture! :D I miss that day so much!
It's off! Energy guilt got the best of me
what sounds or what would u hear if u were stroll through a monster girl's head? Chickens or crickets?
why do you follow rockforlife?!
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Thinking about hitting va up this weekend :)
. for Android keeps crashing for me. Fun times.
I will! Thanks for both the mention and the link.
will u follow me bck? I mean if u want too.
Ppl watching @ the airport. Everyone looks so damn angry.
Things can only go so bad for so long but eventually get better. It's kinda like the J-curve effect in economics.
It isn't mainstream when we all talk about it and reference it and focus on it?
no idea, sorry! British folks have lots of problems with the English language, e.g. colour, practise, etc.
do u get a lot of questions like this? Your reply is right on. Enjoy your break.
#tool behind me, no one cares that you can bench 250, that you're 2% black, or that you met some hot high school chick at the orthodontist.
when i try to take a picture of my dog and he keeps moving <<<<<
Ta'amu! Yes peace out Casey Hampton
"I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be s…
ur a boy? Ur might be cute!
Glad u liked SMWbranding panel! EMAIL me if you'd like to hear about my BRITE conference, etc.
RT : "Knowledge is power. And engaging globally is important to each and every one of us." #ProFellows keynote
Turkish Delightening Seeds
Good to hear!
Little Debbie might be an option. Looking forward to seeing Ep. 1!!
Happy new year dc!
Seeing Chimpanzee with and later.
RT : What do you value about #meeting face-to-face?
Five more pages left...? Ugh.
Hey, still waiting on those papers.
I'll take a Mormon over a Muslim any day! And if you don't think he's a Muslim, you're a fucking idiot!!
Oh. Ohkay. I didn't get it at first. It sucks Dx but we didn't do a mile today. c:
I got another one coming
Participating in Participatory Design workshop today.
I lost my star of David necklace... 
I only watch Wendy Williams for the hot topics .
Had a pork bun at The Slanted Door. Nothing compares to the pork buns at Momofuku.
i was mad af. you dont even know my life. Or what happened to me.
now following
yeah I just been super busy and now with the renovations its been even more impossible to make any videos but I will asap!
lol love u Carlos!!!
It's lovely bobbing along, bobbing along, on the bottom of the beautiful briney sea
RT : So great spending time in NYC with Big things ahead!
we've been getting a ton of press. it's pretty amazing.
I'm sorry to hear that. I always liked that it made me feel like I was watching or listening to those games through Twitter,
True...I could be you out on the I-8!
Love this weather.
Hilary Fordwich - hug a client today - take genuine interest, make interaction about them, not your company
The new bf's birthday. He wanted to lay low and chill. Drive thru FTW!
Follow back babe? :)
Owen Wilson has played Owen Wilson to death.
Nice portfolio!
27 days left of school
Thank You Tim for picking Jets. now i'm going bed.
It is so very bizarre to, not only be Facebook friends with your teachers from grade school, but to also watch then talk to each other.
VP Biden: "Romney Rule" is 2 double dwn on Bush tax cuts.
Good morning titter followers!
Man auditions next week... Do I want to do this?
Dining by Design and AD Show starts Thursday, be sure to get your tickets and check out table at Dining by design.
The state of exhaustion I'm in right now is unreal. I'm really supposed to work right now?
Have a great day Trisha- and NO more texting while driving ok? Chef Chuck
When boys call you beautiful, gorgeous, pretty, etc >
GREAT idea! I had no idea moved to SF! This is so exciting. When did you move?!
M such a good day, i love being covered with dog pee <3
Mike Brown said Drew and it took me a second to figure out who he was taking about.
we just saw him in the WB Mason commercial and got so excited!
Orlando florida thats wer i want to go
yes, please!!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Thanks ! I am excited to be among such nice people.
Agreed that earthquake was awesome. HOWEVER, not looking forward to being in this #hurricane. Be safe!
And I proved my love by buying nothing more than a (lovely) $4 photo from a second-hand store.
Register to vote today!
you've got to be using iPad? Or can you really draw that small?
Nach all night...wanna nach all night?!
There WAS a lot 2 love about the scene. Ppl stationed all along the route cheering us on. Beautiful. That's what life should be for every1.
I always knew they never had no common sense
You have legal questions? We have answers. Give us a call on the DeWitt Law Review on AM 580 WDBO 1800-329-5858 or 407-290-0058
well looks like that's me. How bout a chance to be on the show That's bad ass. Sounds like a good plan lookin to hear from ya
Getting concert tickets lol you?
Don't trust who says she'll do Indianaw/ me if I sign up. That's what she said about mini marathon.
I wish these guys would go away.
They said money is the motive well....atleast until they found out the value of a dollar
I'm down! I'll just go straight over there after the bus.
Can't forget to thank either.
Looks amazing Joe!
I wish I wasn't so short. Or I need someone who can lift me onto their shoulders.
some reason my messaging isn't working. Email me at
Going to see the HUNGER GAMES soon!!!!! :-)
is spitting image & acts exactly like their pops !! But they r also naturally athletic like !
Events this weekend lined up - booked and busy even when I'm not in town !
What a joke! I've gotta say I'm disappointed in the justice system right now! Conrad Murray should be sitting in a jail cell!
says who?
Kevin Lerner is addressing the #journalists now. Follow him
": Vesta Williams died last night. My heart hurts." Wow. That makes me sad too.
to ass to bed nigga
Glad to see you have all the facts. How you still get paid to do what you do shocks me.....your bias is obvious.
“: Friends be sure to follow my brilliant friend <--- cc: ” done!
done,mind to followback?
haha it was my goal for the day!!
Good to finally be home! Maan, I tweeted so much today - my fingers hurt!
you better its your bday Carlo!
yeaa I can see that lol!
For ep. 2 of the Bridge podcast, look forward to hearing me becoming sentient
follow me please it would make my day 10x better
Off to workout some legs!
Mrs. Lashley was a dear, sweet person who belived in the power of prayer and in life everlasting. May she rest in peace. 1916-2011
Coach Urban Meyer has opened Sat's practice to students, faculty & staff at Ohio Stadium, 10:45a! Admission is FREE. Will you be there?
if there's one thing ive learned in the last several years its how to fake a smile :/
The Harley Davidson Tent Event will be 4-star after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Flying to Seattle to get ready to walk starting Tuesday. Everything is happening so fast now!
CORRECTION! : The median NET WORTH for single black women is $5 compared to $42k for white counterparts.
Hollwood always tryna ruin a good thing for their profit.
Fouls are part of Faried's style
There are a whole lot of phone numbers on my arm: #MayDay in alliance with all those who suffer under #settler #colonial occupation and war!
1807 Orders in Council forbade any ships trading in Europe w/o first going through a British port. Also had to have a British license.
he looks like he has never been within 5 feet of a horse
Local tennis column: Deadline nearing City of Naples Tennis Championships
I told my dad that this is the game JR will go off.... he's 4-4 from 3pt land thus far.
Back to working on the site again today. Its up but needs lots more work and content. www.myhelpfullinks.info
21 year old Heart Transplant recipient tells her story. RT: : thanks for sharing that story.”
i love u too
Did u know that it is national park week? FREE admission to all state parks for families! Hike, take in the weather, & enjoy a picnic!
there's like 5 days, they should do
if your talking to me Mike, your off by a bunch LOL
. I might be able to make it know.
Jazz dance class, yoga, hiking up a canyon then jazz class again. its 2.45am ... I think I should be sleeping!
"You can turn off the sun, but i'm still gonna shine!" (:
have my email then?
looking forward to seeing you in Boston! I haven't missed a show of yours YET (in Boston) and this time is no different!
Friday where's the ladies
Jane Anne (Ohrin) Trachte 1962-2012 - A beautiful person whose mind would not let her free. Rest now. I love you.
New shit cooming to ya real soon
Hello teweeters goodnight
That's it: I must have bacon. Now.
So im in the apple store on one of the display phones.
Spaceships won't understand
I missed you then, but fuck you now.
Woosters Grove is cancelled due to weather! Sorry to those planning to come but yes its off :'(
ah...ok... I'm a fan of healthy bowels on people. 5 prunes a day will keep everything happy and healthy.
ELECT PAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yard signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
that's what I thought!
Nichols: opposition to taking action on climate change is rooted in it being too exoensive
Late Night to Early Morning "Grinding"
Looks like you had a better day than us. Hope you watch on Sunday!!!
Smaller crowd than Sunday's at Hermita de la Caridad to watch #PapaCuba on big screen, reports our columnist #Daniel Shoer Roth
WHERE IS ROBERT!?
The Midwest's Alabama.
yes! Pie loves champagne! Did that come from ? Best. Friday. Ever.
People gone tlk bout you until the day you die might as well give them something to tlk about !
Haters ago hate
MNF (Go Saints) and Capitals Hockey. Ovie injured :( but Caps win :) I <3 Mondays. And to Kelly: Hurray! Love you cutie. All better now!! :)
Trimmed my those not following me back list down like 160.. Kinda sad. A lot of em are fans like me
i got in trouble today bout my home boy my bestie my brother nd for nothing OMB it sucks
That awkward moment when you lock your keys in your car at house lawl
A friend will actually unfriend for something just because your boring! I dont care of being boring or not!! -_-
Oh look at the time .. 💤
it's so funny! Hahah
Any occult tobacciana enthusiasts?
Just wish he would talk two me n understand where I come from but yet he just keeps breakinq promises.!
400th page like gets a present from LP....
Its been an amazing year. Thank you for letting the fans enjoy the ride with you.
So can we finish, what we started. Don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight.
"Oh look! Taste of India!" - my dad and I at the exact same time.
If any of the Boyz ever notice me, oh my Fusco. I will be jumping off the walls. You don't even know. XD
Is it me or does Chris Berman sound more like Fred Flinstone every time I tune into ESPN?
May 17th in front of DOWNTOWN SCREEN PRINTING and May 19th... secret show. Ask and we'll tell you where and when!
I swear I can't sleep right now this is gonna suck
learning something new everyday. Apio, a celery root dish favored in the Jewish Heritage
I couldn't have put it any better.. I'm so frustrated with blazers.. And tonight is a joke also... Every game is a joke.. CHANGE!
Marlo and Shree both soUnded and looked STUPID
Wondering if there's a way to add or recommend words to be added to the Kindle onboard dictionary.
All things #google really suck today
GoandDo: Wine at the Whit and Seacoast AIDS Walk
and i have a fan mail address! send us something. (: ---> PO BOX 1766, Studio City, Los Angeles, CA 91614. #WeLoveYouAll...♥
I wish you would follow me my wish will never come true but I will always still be a mahomie<3&hope you have a wonderful day:D
coming to Florida anytime soon?! D; haha
Yeah I have a facebook look on my page the link is there.
wishes she could see some pop n lockin right now,
Looks like we fixed the the random resets on Black Rose last night at The Standard.
American Ninja Warrior live @ Venice Beach. I'm ringside baby!
We're a band with free music. Check out sinatradc.bandcamp.com ! Tell me what you think.
No. Insanity is usually 40+ minutes. Not longer than an hour though.
At #CLE Indians game w/ and , our kids and others.
one of those press on tattos
what college u go to??
Thinking in the shower
omg why would you say that?
Idc If Prince Can Sing Or Not I Would Still Want Him To Sing To Me <3
Umm.... I banged #oomf in my dorms hallway by the water fountin while ppl was on the floor.
O GOD JESUS BE WIT THEM.
Austin Sarat we should nourish the oonditions under which #civility is possible
I can't help but wait....
Smh I Knew She was A Lier Lmao Now She See Y i act Fake Towards Her : ))))
Gotta Love It - Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco de Mayo Day !! #latism via
I guess I met you for a reason only time can tell :) - j cole
Sometimes you gamble on a fart and lose.
Kentucky Derby > Cinco De Mayo > Orlando Magic Playoff Game
i'm suspended for thirty days,yeah i checked out your site.i liked your hoodcashent fb page.
omg! Minnesota gets so cold during winter! This was my first Christmas without snow! Haha
oh.. yall are cute, the tweets=so flirting :) hahaha. its always fun to date a friend.:)
Awesome! That's what we love to hear!
I didn't expect Ruby's regex comparison operator to work in PHP, but I also didn't expect this: $str = 'foo'; $str =~ '/f/'; >> 'Й?'
im assuming you made that tweet bc I was talking about Pokemon? lol I also dont know very many females who like it.
the photos I have tweeted while once appearing in my user gallery are no longer there...some i can't even view from past tweets
Yum! Sounds like a fun work outing. What flavors did you all try?
once again. the firefighter program at my esculea...ahh thnx for the good lookin faces i get to c
Great weekend with my boy Jacob. Good to see shake the cobwebs out, I'll post a video of her helmet cam later tonight.
I would Love to come host your NEXT EVENT!
Whatever you do in life make sure you don't settle for less than what you want!!!
IU!! Both!!! Thanks for all the fun and for everything you've done for me.
Aww. Thanks buddy! I can give you a ride to the hospital after!
JEN jam session happened. Played 2 tunes, & was usurped by a bus load of musicians. It was nice while it lasted. Nite-nite!
& marketing $$$ RT : I think #RBNY is more or less past the point of needing names for attendance. They need wins
I'm proud to share the wonders of :D
Still no tweet from :(
aaaammm not quite understand but thanks for the invitation :)♥
"this is baseball not foul ball"
such a tragedy!! I tell you, there are students sitting in the fountains!
Need one person to help choose winner for tickets to Sugarland! First to comment gets to help. Choose a number between 1-63! 1, 2, 3, ...GO!
I ent mind losing $2M on the buyout. Zids is become a bigger trainweck each game!
Filtyh McNastys in the studios now!
Overachiever! Dang.
RT : Powerful session A true human potential accelerator. Thx for bringing NEI Grantees here.
s/o to dope producer!
Miss you Portland. I've since moved to Indy and I'd love to keep you guys in my life. or Anne Yeager Fox 59. Tell me what's up
"I can't teach. I'm a professor!" I never thought futurama could be so right!
Thanks to the folks I'm headed to the Cancer for College charity dinner with Will Ferrell tonight, looking forward to it!
one year ago I lost my father. today, I have the greatest family and friends to be more than #grateful for. miss you dad, thank you <3
I'm beyond annoyed. #CanIBeHonestWithYou you suck.
If u can't walk a mile in my shoes u can't say shyt about wat I do
azealia banks rocks my world
One word going through my head all day. I think you can put the puzzle pieces together.
thanks for the Opportunity to work with you!
yes it's true I walked out of target last night I'm over that place
Y'all confuse the shit out of my with your song lyric tweets sometimes.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. - dr. seuss
Today's Soups: Clam Chowder & Mushroom Barley
No, I will not but we should still chat sometime. :)
Still motivated tho. Make shit happen.
Who are your alls derby picks?
nicely done I hope enjoyed his surprise treat! Same goes to you - let me know of you're ever in Boston.
So the has it's own "verified" Twitter account? I find that interesting.
Just saw a guy stumbling through the streets of Guadalupe pumping his fist in the air while drinking a Four Loko.
#obamaFirsts - first president to throw like a girl
#futureready is our North Star---we may never reach it but its worth aiming for
and to show the beauty in the city! "50-50 of both sides"
I have not. I take it you recommend it? I'll have to download it. Thx :)
Who doesn't love the sound of bacon in a frying pan?
“: Dear hoodies & sweat pants, thank you for being there for me. Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it.”
I asked Dad how much he loved me and he goes "Hell I don't know."
FYI- To All ABSOLUTLY NATIVE! Party Goers. The entrane to Warehouse Loft is on 4th and Penn Street. NE
Haha I hear ya! You already know where you rank RT Josh Hamilton. Hot. #imstillachick : Josh Hamilton. Ridiculous
#RUS v #CZE Russia still undefeated!
I had NO idea you could incorporate smugmug into the website like that!
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you
Good morning #BCEagles fans and players - we up for a win today?
Looking at your best friend and laughing because you know what they’re thinking
Today sleeping, cleaning, eating, tomorrow back to work...Looking for a home for our business'. Do you have perfect Fleamarket building???
You are ridiculous, stfu. Please.
1 week from today!
hey babe<3
Congrats again to Bob Aldridge on a #grammy win for Elmer Gantry!
Try eating some carbs and cut back slowly, if you cut back slowly your body can go through withdrawal slightly. Take your time
thanks for the shout out!
If you have social media marketing experience, then Talkbiznow would like to talk with you. Sign up and contact us.
happy sweatin' , be greatful for the movement party. :)
Going to six flags!
You know when your sleeping and its all dark, and you look at your phone and the light hurts your eyes >.<
I like your length and volume. I don't recall seeing your hair wavy before.
Applying for opportunities I've always been too scared/blocked to apply for in the past is exiting and exhausting! Makes my heart...
Nice! What did you think of the show?
hahaha I was sleep
follow my new account
Happy Hour! 4 to 7pm! $3 rails, $3 select drafts, $3 house wine. Come on in and get a brick oven pizza and a pint!
seriously so many things have gone down in the last 2 months. I have A LOT to fill you in on! Next week?
It may be the nature of the institution. It begats an attitude of confrontation and competition. Move on, young librarian.
You still coming tonight? I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple #NewPal students at 6:30pm.
I need to get more in touch with myself. Maybe then I can get closer with the people around me.
The bank guy opening my account right now is fucking cute.
Standards bodies seem to have mixed success. OAuth plus SAML plus JSON is one interim solution
Powwwwww shout out to
Thanks, Erin! You rock!
First breath after coma...
beautiful, balmy, autumn day...
Whatching "The Stupids" what a movie!!!
oh my god Kaleena I miss you love <3
Been free-balling for a week, even during graduation.
I'm excited for those balls too!
great meeting you all as well! Good to see others brothers going after their dream!
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!
Will "Margin Call," like "Wall Street," entice a new generation to seek careers in finance, contrary to filmmakers' expectations?
Im glad i haven't seen anymore planking
Twitter should know by now that we're both awesome.
Maya Rudolph just added 10 years when she got dressed. Maybe 20.
On fire with rolling my r's today. Vamos a discutir "No oyes ladrar los perrrrrros".
I thought that was just a strange dream... RT Hey remember Hockey? That was weird.
Listening to Cake before the Getting Things Done session - chair-dancing galore!
#modeling today at ingram park mall San Antonio T.X first show at 6:00pm 2nd show @ 7:00pm
Great to connect with the Divas!
#njdevils hockey against their bitter rivals. Going to be so fucking intense tonight
Creepy I just sent the email about the cap and you shoot me a tweet. Are you spying on me? ;)
RT : "Create the highest, grandest vision possible for your life, because you become what you believe"~Oprah Winfrey
I want the kids to maintain confidence & rhythm, to be in what I call "ready-to-play". I need to trust they'll do the job. -Phil Jackson
Excited for my day off. I love listening to records but ready to get caught up on my POD Casts. Also about to listen to :-)
Come celebrate our 5th year anniversary with us at The Tuesday Blend tonight!
Dont worry my husband does it too. When i tweet about and the avs.
dang boy!!!! I get out the 24th :(
I'm afraid to sleep by myself tonight ;0.
Really digging Think Ink App from & It's like floaties for your voyage into the ocean of color palettes.
Recording of our debut full length album begins tomorrow at Nytemare Studios! Get ready for some sick new tracks in the coming months!
EMS Grind rocks when is working! RT “: EMS--no ones ever there!”
So excited for today... why? just because!!! :)~
Everyone at work has beautiful calendars from their alma mater, but I can't find one for My cubicle looks deprived.
RT Going to #sls12 is the only reason I'd step into SIS.
I wish I knew!
"I think of all poetic theories as being mere tools for the writing of a poem." -Jorge Luis Borges
just saw the updates throughout the game. You are an even smarter man than I had first realized. Thank you for the love
I'm taking a much needed break from marketing and work in general....consider me on vacation for the next 3 weeks!!!!
Soup pitched great!
Srutututu, TWEET ME ♥
It's time to set up sum things In The studio before things get to crazy!
Got my workout done. Thought I'd relax rest of night. Forgot about a board meeting tonight. Crap.
Don't worry about how somebody else live there life. Worry about how you live your own.
Draw me a smiley face, simple (:
Yeah, someone pointed that out, I misread the quote.
Same issue for a month now--can't download archive. See ticket #40384. Frustrated as we're paying for this service...
Blah fucking blah
Ok, so me snowboarding in Tahoe for 10 years and comparing with today's run... Mount Charleston in Las Vegas DOES NOT SUCK!!!!!!!
RT High school should have a 40 second shot clock
Omaha's downtown scene has a lot of potential. It will be interesting to see it 10 or 15 years from now
US venture capitalists, on the other hand, want to create monopolies and our legal system supports that.
My friend put on her status " when I'm with him,he makes my days" & I'm like me too.. Lmao
I HAVE NO FRIENDS.
Hunger Games w/ + book club ladies (AND ) tonight! i love tween movie opening nights, so much fun
Your Welcome
#ThingsMyBestfriendDoes try's to kill me
can't hurt for anyone with an "ethnic" surname. they'll appreciate not having to do a broken English check and feeling racist.
#Bored -_- Followers ?
NO ONE TO FOLLOW THAN FOLLOW ME!!!!!
no it's true. U just don't remember cus u have to be awake for so long to remember.
Off to Wright Beverages in Watkins Glen for a tasting from 3-6. Come down and say hi.
so pumped! Keep it up Girl - you can be next!
Hurricane Neavling strikes Detroit.
And with that, the BCG era at UK gets even uglier. Good job Michael Porter, you scumbag.
We like it! RT : Interested in nonprofit related issues in LA #NPLA = Nonprofit Los Angeles.
Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining, like a star that can't wait for the night.
Hearing my co-workers stories makes me thankful I have
Book a Passion Party!www.katespassionparties.com Want to be a consultant?Join my team!WE ARE NATIONWIDE . Free mini vacation
RT : Blake usually hit that 3 , shit it just wasn't meant .
Baby girl is sleepin, just had some food, and now I'm about to get in the shower and go to bed with my bebeh. (:
Advice to law students: when taking exams- read the word count prompt very carefully! And don't point out potential torts to your friends!
Wow...how dumb is that question?
Bynum needs to stop fading away in the paint.
That number is only going up once those gays get the right to marry. Weren't the Fifties grand?
Thanks so much for the RT tonight..gr8t chat!!
are you all touring?
was hiding a store from us.. I can finally get the botas without ordering them online ^.^
You could only believe THAT story if you were there!
Ha I agree with Rachel...have to see how long I can make it! Let's do patio at 5-ish.
almost lunch time and then off the desk for the rest of the day. hooray!
The revolution must be of the heart, you must change & evolve into the person you was born to be!
Cats didn't seem to care about fireworks, even those in our neighborhood at 10:30pm. Lucky cats.
no we can still resign We need to resign him
i hate everyone -.-
Ha! Just another day in #Manhattan, right Rachel?
I love you so much!<3 {please follow me back} :)
Yup yup yup. I'd never go back to the old way. I may use up any refund on the prep fee, but it reclaims Mar+April.
Political consultant: "It's not my job to tell you the truth, its my job to win." Mildly disappointing but refreshingly honest
I love waiting 15 minutes for my drink at starbucks. Oh wait, no I don't.
It's too bad you can’t photoshop your ugly personality.
app happy to have this for iphone, but doesn't play well (quits) with two library cards listed (mult co) what to do?
Tillett: How does the CISO manage mobile threats and Bring Your Own Device?
The dude was frustrated. What is not a better way to get rid of it then to beam a guy you think cheated, it was intentional...
We're giving away 5 tix to see the Haitian dance company #Ayikodans on May 22nd!! www.arshtcenter.org/tickets/calendar/view.aspx?id=9589
Where do retired pigs go for warm weather? The tropigs!
and I love you TOO!! <3
Chris rocker is the man thanks for the school tour and supporting all the upcoming artist
I do not really managed artists unless they really dope fam! Where you from? What do you do?
That's messed up... imagine being that person pronounced dead and reading people mourn your death on twitter! lol...
