#HealthTip The American Council on Exercise indicates that one of the most effective methods of stress relief is exercise.
just being you...awww
Sleepy 😔 ready for the weekend!
"O Brother, Where Art Thou?"
Oh my fuckin god degrassi is on!!!!!!!!!
Why do I even bother with Facebook?
NO YOU WON'T ! remember when i obnoxiously did it before Raleighpalooza at like 6 a.m !? hahahah GOD TIMES !
C'est L'amour...
I agree. We'd also have the "best damn" business leaders in the world too, but we obviously don't.
Referring to DAT as DeAngelo in postgame just caps how terrible this crew was today. Come on guys!
I was just told a secret.
world record for mile is 3:43 and world record for a 400 is 43.18 seconds
And when was you a thing again?
The Help Desk phone service has been restored.
lol I won't, can't even if I tried too! Ivy been getting caught up with #DaBEARS lol
I'm hungry.
It was nice meeting you too!!!
Going hone from school. :D
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos!:*
Love the J. Worthy pick.
I had the best night ever. Good night tweeters! <3
Had a great time in mesquite, NV earlier tonight!
Riverwalk Espresso Bar is now open serving the full line of Starbuck's drinks, bakery items, fruit, yogurt, and more!! Check it out!
seen it lol
Sporting Intervention. Not as cool as Sporting Innovation.
There are 2 types of people, those who put nose in emoticons and those who don't
S/O to ALL my followers mann yall be speaking the truth!..i can sit here and RT al night!...
thanks for the follow!
Happy Thanksgiving! Feeling very fortunate with so much to be thankful for. Happy day to all!
Night Owls, did you catch us on WRFG 89.3's M.A.P.P.T.I.M.E. JAZZ w/Wanique Khemi? If not, check for us Tuesday night on WRFG's WATCHNIGHT
the dolts have taken the "too many outs" joke. hopefully can respond appropriately and get us something back
dish, roxy, revel
I'm down! Just let me know when.
"I'll have a cafe mocha vodka Xanax latte to go" as seen in the Star Lounge Chicago
Bear this in mind before questioning his Iran intel. RT : President Obama bracket sits in the 99.3 percentile.
Awesome guy selling $1501 hotdogs for #homeless MT just sold another! that makes 4 hot dogs going out tomorrow
Twitpic that shii RT : hit me on tha phone... i'm bout 2 run thru woodtown n my birthday suit!!!! Turnt up
im cool
wow the warped complication has good songs on it this year aw
when you start tweeting Harry to follow you, it makes my day lmfao! just follow us already...
2 things I will not miss about my otherwise lovely neighbor when she moves out this month: her snoring and her smoking, hipster friends.
Vontaze Burfict signed with the #Bengals? Yeah, that sounds about right.
FOLLOW BACK I FOLLOW BACK NEED 1500 FOLLOWERS BEFORE
how did you do anything this ? I'm still I'm bed.
Parish the thought.
I don't know what I'm going to do next year when the cops don't know me anymore & I'm fair game for speeding tickets.
you are so pathetic. im starting ot think that you DON'T deserve any better than him. so good luck, i dont want to hear about it anymore.
Ur welcome! Please keep up the good work! American Vampire is also extremely good.
Hey tweet-hearts!!! thanks for the following GreyLineMap. Check out here for news, upcoming promos and fun tweets!
Thanks Bro. Good stuff.
I used your "This I Believe" essay as part of an American Dream unit in my Junior English class. The kids loved it.
as did the fabulous
#UKnowUHungryWhen you eat every crumb on your dish :p Ha.. I'm always hungry!!!
Thanks to everyone who came to the PRC 2012 Student Exhibition Reception last night! Hope you all enjoyed seeing #photos from 19 schools!
LOL you had every chance when in office. You are nothing but a panderer
Thank you for the ReTweets & Mentions Have a great weekend!
6th rounders usually do!!
In 1970s museums made 15-yr plans. Now we look at 4-yr cycles. And that is even too long.
puttin it on my list
Headed to Game 6 #NHLplayoffs. #Capitals #NyRangers. Which serves as a warning to
As it should be. :)
From the way you spell you must be a Dem.
ignore the ignorance doing big things they mad
the artist
I wish I had a time machine to go back and invest in Facebook and Google in the 90s. I'd be rich enough 2 swim in money like Uncle Scrooge.
only when I sleep See you in my dreams.
anniversary - tony toni tone
If u have photos/video of the sea world #shamu attack. DO NOT give them away your to news agencies! Ur content could be worth thousands!
Are we ready to race
I'm not mad.. just snuggling on the couch with pups and watching a game that is going on forever!
That sounds amazing... *drool @ nutella cookies*
That's pretty awesome. Really detailed just for envelope drawings.
Wondering if you could check out 's music? He acted in a concept vid for 's song "Pray" a sweetie
Who wants to do the AIDS walk with me? :-)
I have alot on my mind i don't feel like being bother right now -_-
Forgive your enemies... but dont forget their names!!
I know the feeling ;)
I really miss you
Our vs. Bucks tonight!
I'm sorry didn't know your twitter name ! Get home and get to bed. Were leaving earllyyyy tomorrow !
Well these days, little boys have ear rings too, just like their grown fathers and mothers.I've seen boys in pampers with them
hell no we got in KC.
rocked BRUt in his 20's, did, too!
Our 18th Anniversary SALE is on. Remember it is 18% OFF of almost everything in the Bookstore. Come on in TODAY, Shop, Support, and SAVE!
I wish every female knew how valuable they are...
Missed you too Leo
I agree. It was a dumb question, to him at least, so he gave a dumb answer
Funny? Funny how? Name's Jay, nice to meet you.
haha! Does it work?
What's good wit ya??? I'm live in New York!! Grindville gone be on 106&park for freestyle Friday...
Thank you very much, sir. We'll send you an invite to the party, in case you happen to be in Portland. ;-)
Have a very fine evening to all the tweety birds in the universe.
yeah I like this too
I hate cinco de mayo because I hate margaritas.
There's so much too much info on IE site, I can't find a clear answer: do they have a policy on re-use in author's own dissertation?
I saw Fab's tweets.. his comments weren't untrue. 50 was disappointed but he created the skeptism that Fab felt to begin with.
We are happy to report that all of our FREE sample audios are now available on iPad and iPod so FLASH is no longer the 3 Headed Monster!
Good finale. The best team won even though they almost screwed up big time. Looking forward to the next race.
yes, the only cover were doing!
so many chances... so much heartbreak...
Talking to you breaks my heart....
hahaha of course not! ;D
what the hell? Did I just send u haha
Do you know of any successful small political campaign case studies using SM you could point me to?
My fav. part is that "PR specialists are expected to see a 24 percent increase in employment opportunities through 2018."
DO U HEAR DO U KNOW THEIR IS A HOLOCAUST GOING ON RIGHT NOW,THE SMELL OF BLOOD AND DEATH IN #SYRIA BURNING THE FLESH
she's got amazing vocals!
Michon is a fool
ill hitchu today
That awk moment when you see your reflextion and notice you're dressed like a wannabe Lou. I feel like everyone is judging me lol
I wish a nigga wood like a tree in this bitch...
aye bro gotta new phone need yo numba
The vote on #VAWA is TODAY and I wouldn't be here without it--CALL YOUR REPS NOW!!
Yo. What ever happened to Scuba Slim?
thanks for the RT! Love your content :)
The best of being in boofoo... Is the stars <3 beatiful Mayday Parade filled ride home with So proud of Express!
... I'm actually using Twitter for business and the site is farting.
Does anyone know of a good wash and fold laundry service?
thank you so much! :)
The place is the North Door, yeah?
Yes! Buy people, not backpacks!
Thanking God for VBS, and the beautiful children He trusts us to sheperd through it.
She's fine to but I want you
#NP loverboy - you me at six
Uni books are boxed up for tomorrow. One includes National Geographic Magazines from 1930's. Couldn't resist bringing that cube down.
Networking event with at Then dinner afterward to discuss the launch for ScanMan =]
You're welcome, and yeah doesn't it feel like just yesterday I first visited?
I wish you could be at the Variety Show tomorrow, everyone at Chthonic Theater misses you and your humorous humor.
The fact that groups of people (large & small) still gather to share epic in music making is more than enough reason to wake up everyday.
College Perks: Maid Service, Vegan Food, Debt
RT : If this bird gets us home on time, I'll raise a Jubelale to you #freepostgamebrew [Free, indeed]
SAVE THIS TWEET! RT If he signs w/the Brewers Ill wear a jersey & walk by Pips live shot and scream Go
Even Though I Been Hurt Many Times Over & Over, I Will Always Out My All Try To Show My Love, Passion, & Appearance For Love & Women ♥ :)
Greetings new librarian followees. I'm working on a project that catalogs librarians on Twitter.
thanks for the follow!
Just followed you... follow back!
I only wish I knew!
Speaking of which, I hate being a psychology major sometimes, because everything becomes a diagnosis.
Appreciate the follow Seth.
about lock-picking long before locksmiths discussed it among themselves,
RT : The results are in...Top 3 Sexiest players are, drum roll please, and
you scored 16 in the 4th, and youre thanking guys for bailing you out?
What are everyone's #top10favouritebands let us know!
“: That workout with and >>> #crazyabs” You whooped my tail!
RT : Pretty sure Han Solo had himself encased in Carbonite just to avoid Mondays.
Kei Kamara leads the MLS in shots by a lot, with 24. 11 shots on goal, and 2 goals.
you too Darling!
Has anyone tried=tested a follower-advisory board to guide/inspire conversation in a community? Like to hear Ur experience
Had a wonderful time tonight atTAMACC's Legislative Reception with both blue and red legislators.
“: “: I wonder how some people can sleep so much ! #envioustweet 😒” ... Lucky asses 😠😞” seriously 😡
hit us up for salt the wound tickets!!!! 3/12 at peabody's! only $12!!! you don't want to miss this show.. it's going to be INSANE!
#SKC WatchBar = Irish Pub = St Patty's Day = Just go to the Home Opener, already.
Thank you klove! blankets are a big need!
Damn straight!!!
What a bullshit strike! Pull your head out of your ass and call the damn game
Know any decent drummers? We are in the market for a new beat master. If you or anyone you know might be interested please hit us up.
Besides touring w/ & being signed to , 's solid solo act hits (5/2) & (4/30).
it's gonna be a hard fought series for sure! Great bball! And Rondo is a beast!!!!
hahah! I think you should breed that pup!!
3rd day of a migraine :( but its friday so i'll just take it easy, glad you're better
Dude I get my braces off in like 2 months
Don't rush the blessing of your food in public to satisfy the infidel & the unsaved. Take time and pray for your food.
Anyone know why my "Home Feed" column won't come up on ?
GM is now the top producing at company in the world. I'd live to take credit for that.
loved it!
we'd love to talk to you any time at Milford junior high about our byod program
In art and we have a sub and she's a Beep !
Celebrating my Birthday with some Hennessy and
no!!! I I had it I don't remember at all... O well bacon beer!!!!!!
nothing like jammin out to u beautiful guys to get my day started off right :D I can't get enuff of the album!!! Much <3
What's happening of Friday???
Cozy rainy day. Reading a book surrounded by my crazy pets.
WHY ARE YOU GUYS MAKING FUN OF ME, OMG. wowowowow h8 u.
If only, that one hurt a bit :-)
Happy Pi day
no llores! We still love you "big pam"
Holla if you're digging this spring-like weather in NYC! If you're stuck working, we have $20 all inclusive Happy Hour 6pm-9pm Back Bar
If you destroy a bridge, be sure you can swim. African proverb
hates me. He hates girls that fart. HATE ON, SUKKA
She says seperation,band her husband for her new single home,can't say divorce pains her 2 think of it as she dumps her him31yrover,DIVORCE.
Thanks for the RT! Yes Excalibur is quite fun, besides Gabriel, I love Helen Mirren in her earlier roles as well!
Yes I am thanks! Hope you are have a great day too!
Wondering what good service would do for McMenamins brand. What do you think ?
Its feel so good outside (:
August 29, 8pm howard johnson 7707nw103st breaking barriers. Tha biggest christian party in miami help us change our world
VanityGirl is hosting ladies night tonight at MOVA Lounge. Hope to see you there!
Hi Chelsea! Hope your Friday rocks.
If the girl was underage, the act was technically illegal. Consensual or not.
Nah, he's way dead.
It was :-) How was your day?
"Drunk as hell but no throwin up Half way home & my pager still blowin up Today I didnt even have 2 use my AK I gotta say it was a good day"
A shout out to ! Happy birthday bud!
Choooonty lol jk": I'm going to tweet only in Spanish tomorrow"
Didnt realize how many NY reporters I follow until I saw pics on my twitter feed of the same thing (Giants team picture) from 10 diff angles
Gay bar?
Take out the trash & use remember the BLUE bag
Just saw a commercial for USPS on MSNBC, now I know the Postal Service is fu**ed!
that's for such the lovely compliment. Love writing psych papers
I'd love to see it too.
A giant thanks goes out to for creating Castle!! Without him we wouldnt hve just had that amazing finale!
It's always time for a vagina joke.
“Hoping to see y'all tonight New DVD for sale! Pay what you want for a CD! 806 S. Plymouth Ct. $10/$5 for students.”
"Food is an important part of a balanced diet." —
My students told me "Ms. Doyle, you cannot leave us", it was actually really sad saying goodbye to all my seniors ):
Levon Helm was almost uniquely imbued with the musical spirits of the river delta, the rural holler, and mid-century southern urbane.
Working on the re-launch of the 36 Percent Project. Anything you want to see included? E-mail
<<< Loves Taking Pics!
thank you!
Can't wait for the 10th D.O.P.E. t-shirts drop
RT : Martha Kanter on U.S. students' global competency: Great divide btwn what we'd like to see & we what have today.
Darkness falls across the land The midnight hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize yalls neighbor hood
I woke up to Austin falling off the bed & stubbing his toe, hurting me. Ouch, Austin. Ouch.
NC State is rated 8th in the ACC by #Iubb is well matched with this team today.
Go happening now! Good basketball with $5 Coors stadium cups is how Sundays should be all the time.
Thank you!! Chard is on the agenda for sure!
I hope keeps up this pace of tweeting. It has been outstanding
Labor regulation plan withdrawn - Concord Monitor
OMFG everything is making since now.... WOW my whole life was a lie
Don't get me wrong, the just home from work, slightly undone look=sexy. But I'm talking "never tried, sloppy" look
stupid shit i was told as a kid: "don't cut paper w scissors." oh, yeah... ?
"Goodbye, home run." #Orioles winning 9-6 after Adam Jones' 3-run bomb. Top of the 17th.
I will. Thank you. (:
yea probably one of my favorite interviews yet.
Hope everyone is having a great Arbor Day!
Made my day to find out at my friends casting for that someone there loved my photos. Big love for whoever that was. :)
Now that your gone I can finally breathe again. You won't be missed.
Wishing everyone a safe and awesome New Year!
Thanks for the RT, Rod!
#Wow dont hold nothing back playa lol please tell us how you really feelO_O
i have so much on my mind right now that i wanna tweet, but i can't find words or a way to say them..
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. -Lao Tzu
Please don't bury me with Doritos.
Missed America.
This child was determined to change the life as known, become free and did.
hey we are celebrating the one year anniversary please RT:)
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. -Henry David Thoreau
OH GOSH OH GOSH, teen wolf is coming back on of how I've missed that show show much!
They showed a hologram and got all these bitches screamin Tupac back!
Thanks for your support! Do you have contact info??
apparently so! the big room w/ the piano is the former library, 2d floor--they took out the wrought iron balconies...
It is 2011 and they're still using Viewdata?
people tweet the stupidest things. like, i really dont care that you have to pee.
Broken promises
don't make me answer that .... “: did you at least #pressplay ?”
:) RT : So, has the beach in Corona ads always been a metaphor, or is this a new twist? Maybe JJ Abrams is guest directing?
and whos that?!..oh wait..Austyyy?;)
exactly. I hate reports.
The little man on the wedding cake (2)
if thats what you like to tell yourself...then...Ok...miss me? I know you did
Oklahoma city meltdown!!!
Hi marina - there are a total of two (2). Three (3) if you count my brother :)
On the way to meet up with Mike Kieth and Grasshopper before the game at the Cubbie Bear.
Lost me as a customer and I hear I'm not alone. Lengthy apology email from CEO is a poor substitute for good
I could care less, but the name-calling is all one-sided.
Our #facebook is now linked with our
There's a fine line between using enough deodorant and dousing yourself with perfume, people.
Why does it feel like I've seen more goals by #Santos Laguna in the last 9 months than I've seen by the #Rapids?
that is a clear misquote! wouldnt expect much more from an aggie
Thanks for the RTs and mentions , , , , , and !
Thanks for retweeting my show! :)
congrats to annie ! love the website :)
1 pound of muscle gained causes your body to burn an extra 50 calories per day.
Yooooooo I'm yelling let's Go Giants!!! Let's get this Win!!!
you probably know this but OMFG YOUR STORY IS THE MOST REVIEWED LIKE #1 YOU EVEN BEAT DARK BLUE CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! :D
What's your APM?
Every time I turn out the lights, I notice how suddenly, the room feels more full than it did before.
Any #bed and breakfast operations graduates on here did any one start a b/b? I'm also interested in #travel tourism
I told her I was going to request off
They care far more about embryos and fetuses. The actual women? The number of fucks they have for them? ZERO.
dang ur lucky ;)
George Zimmerman has been charged with 2nd degree murder by Special Prosecutor Angela B. Corey in the death of Trayvon Martin
Fuji Dinner Deal -$9.99 from you...gets you soup, salad with Fuji Dressing, chicken and shrimp with noodles or fried rice from us.
Going to Ashley's furniture to take a nap on the $ 5,000 temper pedic beds >>>
We've seen unprecedented football from Timothy. I can't bet against the Broncos. If you believe, you can achieve :)
I thought that I was your cuddle buddy!? Well. This is awkward.
Yes, thank you! We really appreciate the support! <3
My man wife must be out of town to night. He's on twitter hard!
Healthy food - too damn expensive, too far away, and you have to cook it.
11 days and counting till I meet my son!!
Maybe it is 21 & 36 we are getting, I don't know. I just tweet here.
come by around 9:30 with bagels ok??
Oh-hunt-thirty
That just kind of killed my excitement
Our lawyers treat you and your family with great respect and compassion as we protect your rights and pursue compensation for your loss.
TONIGHT On Late Night With Performing his NEW Single 'Don't Let Me Die'
no I haven't seen it yet
do you like it?
It's just like him to wander off in the evergreen park; slowly searching for any sign of the ones he used to love.
oops! i meant need to take a break! looking at my monitor for too long. fire event wld be great!
oh yeah, someone got hit with a car.
Playing hardball
How much should ebooks cost? About to find out @
I ate a piece of that evil chocolate cake for breakfast.
stay your ass in the house then !
Today's top stories
This hurts. You're the one who stopped talking to me and left me.
So glad you had a good time!
"Do not ask for the diamond ring before you fall in love" -- Nidhal from on #DigiMe panel at
"we're going to win the SEC next year" -nobody from A&M
I just got the canon rebel t2i.. it has video too
Sounds about right.
- I keep on losing cal items, not getting some email w Office 201 beta - I hear this is a prob - what 2do?
yea i am song changed
"All the mistakes I ever made were when I wanted to say 'no' and said
#Photo Flashback: Eileen Ivers @ #Milwaukee Irish Fest 2008 - www.theconcertstage.com/ivers2008.html
Woke up with a Shakira song stuck in my head. i assume channeling her in my subconscious means i will absolutely pass my spanish test.
chemotherapy - head & neck cancer. Outlook is good long term... short term... no Guinness :)
Today's the day! Our switch to a new CMS will be done, and our new student profiles will be live on the site tomorrow!
A sharp vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an enormous feeling of confidence and personal power.
I don't chase them, I just replace them !!!! :)
will go very far with his talent <3 , dont you think so too? (:
#Wine Fact: An American Viticultural Area is a designated wine grape-growing region in the US distinguishable by geographic features
Confused by 20 min commute. Hmm...
missing SD from Berlin...
I just keep asking myself "was that real life?!" and if it was... what am i supposed to do about it?!?!
East side.
YOU are NOT thinking about People on Soc. Sec.payingSales Tax
People need to understand that facebook isn't there personal diary smh
So ready to start school next month ^_^
hahahahaha you rock Alex :)
Chilling' at #starbucks in
not sure but the outlet sure looks concerned...
hey I just met you! And this is crazy! But here's my number so call me maybe? 📱
Surprised you don't have a youtube account to do that kind of stuff like me then
Lunch break @ #24HOP!
COUGH COUGH THUNDER THIGHS IN THE BUILDING.
i agree with you on that Pauley. I would never to decorative body tattooing of my pet that is just sick.
Can't wait to watch the super bowl with a super bowl!!
Can't wait for the game tomorrow.
I don't :D
it is a lot of fun to listen to. I had it on too!
I liked your video! <3 you're such a good singer. I really want to skype you!
Can this year’s #Celtics be last year’s #Mavericks and catch everyone by surprise and win another title?
Whenever Will comes home, Seal, him, and I are having a slumber party. ♥
We tweet a lot about the negative real estate market; I was reminded by a recent client how home ownership is still the American dream!
done and done!
Ah I wish a wknd getaway to Eurp were feasible! RT : #TTOT 12 hours ago, the answers were all European places. So diff now.
I hope its not me :'(
yeah, I had it for a while mow, I couldn't resist it any longer...lol. What you been up to...
hey you should give me your number & wait until you get a text
ya of course(: I play basketball soccer and I run cc and track
Yay! PLEASE let me know what you think!!!! :-D
Why, thank you. I appreciate that. :)
"RT : Digging it, Mark? I can't even Articulate how much I like :)" Good one RJ...
Looking to work at #USC ? #Follow our USC friends:
yea I guess but I still miss them
omfg #hunters have been waiting for almost 30 mins :o
Not Dulles, but it's in a similarly ground-level regional flights gate area (& closer to you than to me)...
No you definitely caaannnn. I promise I won't tell anyone.
back up and run it over again
that's the point.
Perhaps the resistance stems from giving up a bit of control?
My mind wanders and when that happens I find Gelato. And that is what settles the mind.
You got to fight for your right to party! R.I.P. Adam Yauch.
Two weeks in San Diego and I'm already a wuss: 59 is too cold...
Yes very good speech....very conservative speech...notice it's all about personal responsibility...relying on yourself and not the gov't.
Feeling confident? Did you also get in the Big Ten basketball freeroll?
I got a 6 page essay in MLA format 😰.
Bravo one the eagle has landed.
Babies everywhere.
Send all donations to youdonthavedreamsyouhavemovis.com
i wish i was at the soma right now .
Wish I could, but I won't be able to get away from the office. Thanks for the invite! It sounds hella fun.
ugh i hate cleaning i always get wet! -.-
I throw my fins up in the air sometimes...sayin ayyyyo...baby let's go......Up and at 'em America, time to show the world how it's done!
"This is our time" #Footloose :)
If I didn't have my Sunday nights, life would not be nearly as enjoyable.
Coins always makes sounds but paper money are always silent. So, when your value increases, stay silent and humble.
i totally agree!!!
We just had a group cancel Friday night...we now have spots open on the 8pm tour...you know you want a ride! Grab them while they are open!
if UK shoots the three like tonight, can they be beat?
Chloe's jokes GMH
This summer = "The missionary pilgrimmage" .. showing every1 we know
Favorite word: whore
are you coming to Zoofari next Thurs?
i do not want to go to school tomorrow..
loving this weather ☀
New twitter update
...and a partridge in a pear tree! Lol ok cool, thx honey!!
its a surprise but i will give more details in the near future
Sounds like fun. haven't been to one in months!
lol he will really teach u tho
Yeah, it's really nice to see a positive post about the PR profession. Journos always seem to write negative pieces.
listening to "Be Ok" album on my train ride home = exactly what I needed today. <3.
Why is it so cold and it's nearly May. I hate you all.
haha (: I gave my mom a card and some money..Yeah at least you made her smile(: lol
LL Cool N
RT RT : BREAKING: Pink smoke is rising from the White House chimney.
Responsible behavior is responsible behavior be it no tech or SM. Kids can tell you what it is. Don't tell them.
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health...
which posteris the one that's almost sold out?!
Did I finish my project? Nope. Am I going to? Probably not. Am I worried? Not so much. It's summer baby!!
nice #bulls win. Rose is back
Having Trouble focusing on work this Friday. Maybe I've had too many coffees today.
To experience the wonder of life through a child's eyes is the most rewarding feeling in the world.
Temperatures are below zero degrees around the metro area tonight. Stay inside!
Dorian falls is annoying.
": take the hundred and run! LOL" lol!! Best advice I've heard so far
merry christmas to all
To prove the effectiveness of our ad platform and placement we are offering 125 special flat rate spots no CPMorCPC at select Choice hotels
Any one text me?
Still working at 7p. I guess that's a good thing!
Congrats to Highlands Ranch High School & St. Michael's High School from New Mexico who won the girls/boys varsity divisions respectively!
yo I'm in that boat too. Thanks to the people who stick around.
I got tickets to 2morrow's taping of Dancing, We'll be rooting for you & Derek! hope 2 meet u again soon:) luv ya!
Weekends go so fast :(
Cooked for michel roux jr. and angela hartnett this week, fun stuff!
i'm gonna need some help from the big guy upstairs to make an A on this English midterm!
Its hard to smile when there's no one to smile for
A: The motivations behind about six thousand years of real and imagined human experience, to start.
loves being able to walk
For sure. Groceries are overrated. Rent is paid, time to see a show. RT : Priorities! ;)
Oh, thanks for the follow.
Don't take someone for granted just because you know every time you push them away, they'd always come back. Cause one day, they won't.
No more man card thanks to
Vanco 120624X Bulk Cable 2-Gang Faceplate error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
Going to watch American Idol tonight, but I don't care who wins. I still want to cast my vote for JAMES!!!
Great Idea!
“: ": I have a feelin Real Housewives of Jamaica will never get made..." HAHAHAHAHAA you're a fool for this” LOL
Feelin good after a good weekend ! Bring on a new work week.
It's because we've lost sight on our true purpose...having an intimate uncompromising relationship with Christ.
Wanna go to the gym but my T.V. and frozen pizza saying hell the fuck no
Oh they are and now I have about 30 of these ugly mugs. Feel free to come try one.
bruh just keep going live life Y.O.L.O
What's the weirdest part of my day?... Finding out the ny chem teachers listens to the cheetah girls..
Now that would be interesting if Gordo had just signed a long term extension.
My husband is a great dad. That is all.
They're not booing...they're saying Kuhn, kuhn, kuhn...:D
Super excited about ALICE ECHOLS. All caps for sure!
No worries. Just hit me up when it works.
Love wigginton to the #Phillies. A little of everything they need in one guy. The fans are going to love him too.
damn 3 classes.. I havent had a break this summer.. luckily I havent worked since last week but we need the $ =/
Order in the court. You judge everyone.
Dolphins trade Marshall to Bears. I wonder how this fits into the race for Manning.
Playing with Kendra Chantelle, Amanda Broadway, and Trista Mabry at Hotel Indigo West End in Nashville, TN tonight!!! :)
I'm I'm anything, it's racist and ageist!
Possibly making a new Twitter tomorrow; Goodnight:)
The view of Central Park from the top of Rockefeller Center is spectacular.
I'm tonight's featured artist at The Thin Man Tavern - 9pm. The Ubisububi is one of my favorite rooms.
I don't like you but I want to retweet that uh...
Mixed reactions regarding contraband from the Tweeps.
I need new wedges. Put this on our shopping must have list.
Finished with my workout and now going to class than gonna eat than training ! Hope everyone is having a great day! Happy training everyone!
Glorious Miami Day! RT : what's good!
now we're opening up the town hall to comments / questions!
I know I'm sad you missed out on all the fun! Can't wait to see you too bud!
You're almost half way there! Keep going!
Guess I'll just watch hockey and hope this turns out better than the heat game!!! ✋
your right, I know jack, it's not like I get paid for it or anything ;)
Heck yeah for a day off, and being in a hotel with continental breakfast
its like me having green hair
Anyone have a colorist reco on the north north side?
Happy New Year! Welcome 2012! Our offices and drop-off centers will be closed tomorrow for the holiday.
haha. No doubt. Was thinking it'd be Oregon all over.
hah, its alright(: i followed you back.
We could actually see the death of the "American Dream" if co legislators Do not pass support for undocumented students...
Just found out im failing world history..I used to be a straight a student..what happened???
Can we PLEASE get a trivia night on the calendar?!?!
Kim Rosenfield sits on the counter and sings her chosen poem in a torchy style: "This notebook closes early / Business is bad."
m mystery candy bars! lol
Thanks to new followers:
yep! Either a toy for tots or $ for :)
": Who made up the word 'drizzle'? Like "it's drizzling out." #thingsiwonder " ..-Snoopdogg??
#ThingsMyMotherSays..."I don't drink tap water cause it taste like pipes"....LOL!!
Police investigate report of man with rifle inside Burlington Mall. Spotted inside Nordstrom.
The Stephen Drew rehab news just made my day.
I'm grown and way past that. I'm on my Rihanna now, "Where Have You Been".
Listening to Danielle Allen talk about freedom & equality. A great connection to NWA's current Freedom & Liberation theme.
Holy cow! Mad #follows today! Thanks social media design community.
give me a call tomorrow I'm trying to pass football again
yes i love herr
I'll keep my eyes peeled
That crisp?
OH MY BAD
Hmm, it appears to be working fine for us - want to shoot us an email and we can help you troubleshoot? questions
things going back to normal>>>>>>>
mane i want tha night to in
#TeamHeat Playoff basketball at its finest
on the way to Super Duper for a veggie burger right now
Will do
hahaha chels I'm obsessed with you
Fuck that, you gotta go for yours.
(208):And then he posed under the bed and said, "you should draw me like one of your french girls." Why do they keep giving this kid drugs?
add Chicago to list of cities with stockpile of bin laden fireworks
About time!
Dear homework, You're not attractive and I'm not doing you.
Should I play sims on my iPhone or drink water?
Worried about the possibility of mold Direct sunlight on the area can reduce the probability of mold.
I wish I was going to #CNU20 but can't take the time off :(
Best Workshop EVER! Thanks Dr. Dave.
1/29/1789->Lafayette:that federal sentiments seem to be growing w/ uncommon rapidity&unanimity is indicative of the good sense of Americans
Criminal minds <3
Thanks, Mari. I hope you have a really nice weekend!
Have you paid to download movies or shows on your laptop through Delta's in-flight Wi-fi portal? E-mail me: .
--!|!| SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
can you post the new video on 24x7
"Marv Albert" Mike Fratello REALLY likes my new hair piece. YES!
Traditional Jewish latkes w/ organic fresh-made apple sauce on now at Lotties!
lol. Did you know Zach blocked me? Yeah.
SOME people are so fucking annoying! I will SNAP one day!
yo it's too early for this... Spurs vs. Celtics in the Finals... log on!
I'm looking for local businesses wanting to participate in Half-Off Milwaukee! No cash expenditure & TV+Web advertising! DM me for details!
. of calls Pearescope "Kind of normal-ish!", ohh and top 5 most likely to be the next
Happy Friday the 13th.....
Rough draft of episode 2? Check! Can't wait to cast and shoot it, but first...editing, editing, and more editing.
A week until Thanksgiving, What are you thankful for?
I thought about that.... I dnt wanna get in my feelings tho...
No, Ma'am! I was trained from the start to LISTEN and go do my own research, so I could work with every client's injury.
Have a great day!
Unless you make it back, intimate body parts should remain just that!
Tim sullivan can sing
Finna Cum Thru N Piss Excellence On A Lame! On My Im Goin Fast Script!~
If Kansas wins the championship, I can die happy
Where in the world did this come from?
How'd you fare? No power here. Minor damage to dad's roof in Chesterfield after a tree fell.
Need affordable health and dental coverage? Call me @ 727.505.8890
thanks bro!
Thanks :) They work for a bunch of big record companies so a lot of it is music related. So i'm happy.
Thanks any Qestions on real estate properties ask me I will answer. Also stay tune for great deals on properties. Great for investors
yeah! this break went by hella fast thoo but I'm ready to jump in, how about you?
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
Killed it in Eugene! God I love the road.
Cotton Tale Designs Lizzie 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set | Cotton Tale ...
Denver has more sunny days than Miami #fact & Marino couldn't get it done in Miami
Arctic regions & festive flowers reflect spiritual intelligence (photo & quote)
Off to get ready for work. Have a great day everyone :)
"the hood with the bad"? was that a freudian slip? :-P
Get your holiday shopping done. . . Purchase $100 in SURG Gift Cards & Receive a $20 Bonus Certificate!
I wish things were they way were a couple months ago..
Happy Thanksgiving "Fist Bump" to my fellow morning turkeys on the air today!
I really figured it would be stricken. I feel like the Chuck Yeager of the copy desk.
Please, please, please on LinkedIn invitations to connect-- say more about how we know each other and why you want to connect...
So great to work with you the last few days! Had so much fun with all of you!
Funny ": You know it's a country concert when a bra flies up on stage and there's a tick in it."
man i really dis like dat b.tch.. i try to be nice and speak from time to time but... oh well f.ck ya!!
Hey.. Hey commercials.. Go away.
$4 Smirnoff Bombs at Club Charlie's tonight! 320 E Menomonee
Your welcome, have a great weekend!
Oh dear lonely boy don't you know Blair will only love one person... Mr and Mrs Bass
Happy new year everybody!
Label7 is a casual place! Yes, you can wear jeans!
hey go follow there an awesome band check em out! www.myspace.com/snowlikeitsapril
About to have a little photo shoot with my hot new Sneakers from in front of Five Pointz ! (:
And not a fuck was given. #APpolitics #apecon ... Definitely not the latter...
there are few things as beautiful and warming than a caring e-mail sent by one of your very dear friends late at night.
Plz follow me and (:
Too many fucking pictures
Nice to meet you too! Looking forward to more of your tweets.
Thanks for the #FF tweets!
I'm looking for local bands to photograph.
it just occured to me that the last album i bought on itunes was nicki minaj. i need to buy a good new, indie rock album. any suggestions?
"Mr. Seaford is my beeesst friend!" -friend oh.. good times!
Today is the holiday, are you working guys?
Love being able to work with my sister :) Missing you these days !
Moving to soglins office . . .
i wish i was still there its boring but kinda easyy
True. That is a wonderful site/service. Love it.
Seattle Post: 'Holiday in Oakland' an old-school hiphop beat, a melody that really sings, & a rap of Oakland musical legends, spirited move
State and local people: what are your thoughts on the president's jobs plan?
Um it's hot out.
Haha #TeamIphone RT : All I see is sentences with boxes on my TL.. Damn emoji's
GO YOU!
Okay(: just send it in by the 18th (:
Quarter Foods has a better ring to it
“: Duck fans chanting "This is our house" as game nears the end”...they still have to go back to OR. #DUIpatrol on I-5 S I hope
Go to sleep nigga
BIG week, meetings in TN, GA, FL, little league baseball and then headed to PDX for event!
because I can't go "/
The Riviera Palm Springs Resort is on board Diversity Platinum offering 20% off the best available rate with your card Are you a member yet?
Want to find that right person? Set the goal and invite "experts" you know to help you find your match! Happy V-day from www.IamINC.biz
Last night's win clinched a playoff spot for Which team do the Rangers not want to face in round 1?Let us know your thoughts!
#WorldVision staff in Chicago on standby to respond to latest #tornado damage in #Dexter, #Michigan - 100 homes damaged. Prayers appreciated
HI GUYS sorry havnt been on! BUSY BUSY BUSY!
Agreed. I will forever have a man crush on #RDJ... I just want to be him.
The "BEST KEPT SECRET" of Top Fam Models..... Comes July 1st!!!!! -Brought to you by Top Fam Media Group | Top Fam Entertainment .......
“: Reinvent self as DJ Corduroy. Sample the sound of me walking in these pants.” Your genre: Zip Zop.
@ yaslani. I know! I just had a French vanilla cafe. Love it!
It looks like you had all notifications turned off… did you maybe turn them off a while ago and forget about it?
#RyanKennedy in our hearts & in our prayers
How many going to NGS?
Congrats to on #prismlaunch. Looking forward to playing around with it.
Hoping to the high heavens #MCO eliminates these allergies I've had in #PDX. Haven't been able to breathe in a month!
Good night overall
you too... Enjoy the night.. (hey CC)
EK's been on the phone w/ 5 reps, 1 disconnect. Now she has to call Access Media. Seems no one is empowered to make decisions...
It's a safe for the resourceful Bingo aficionado.
Don't miss this! Join for Digital to Print? 'The Kit' Raises Eyebrows on How to Succeed in the Alvin/Edison
Not being able to read hunger games because it's too dark in the car <<<
thanks for following me :) hope you like my art!
RT I never thought I would need a translator to understand English speaking people.Press 1 for English 2 fir Spanish 3 for Swamp
I'm do confused ah.
Thank you for this reminder. I appreciate your posts.
would that be that bomb King Kong fired up in a RooR bong!
will do tomorrow. Nite
yay for duke tweeting!
had some of those very delicious eggs - the yokes are amazing! hard to go back to regular eggs now.
Then we can have a movie date lol RT That's one of Aiden's favorite movies! Lol
Got to watch it on the NFL Network pal!
Being awake in the middle of the night sucks. I'm missing out on all my cool dreams
will do bro
Winning is so much better!!! #BeMilwaukee en fuego!!!! Nice work - bon soir Toronto ;)
They tried to get Kenesaw Mountain Landis to run against me. He said, "I'd rather you asked me to clean a s***house."
Thanks for all the good info this morning! Instapaper and e-Portfolio look great! :D
Happy Monday! Congrats to & U give us reason to b FanAddict about #Golf now too!
RT I hate secrets and secretive shit and secretive ass people.
I just slept through the Rapture...did I wake up in Hell?
time to go grocery shopping. i've been out of town and john has subsisted on spaghetti and meatballs for one week and little else.
want to sell me some Magic tix Sunday? I want to take my kid.
Just spent a solid 15 minutes reading #weliveinaworldwhere I'll second your feelings of surprise.
Watching little house on the prairie, it's been a while.
thanks! glad you enjoyed it and we appreciate you letting us know.
I mastered a perfect round off.
#Bring1DtoMaine #wildcard I'm not gonna stop.
How did you book your first wedding shoot? Friends? Referral?
Exclamation points all the time!
AGREED. Everyone's going to Boston! Once you move there of course ;)
thanks for posting about the project!
Love to you all!!!
Give up yourself and you will find your real self. Lose your life and you will save it.
Gettin ready for bed:-)
cool - congrats!
Speak Portuguese.
Plans have changed. Lets hang?
"Great troll! 8/10 would rage again."
Constance: "I questioned my sanity when I first found out. But this house, this house will make you a believer."
Allergies still acting up. Wasn't this rain supposed to help pollen count?
Today's coffeeshop sells used books. A particularly intriguing title: Daddy by loup durand
No problem. It's available from State Archives homepage (right above the mailing address) should you ever need it again.
let's do this.
Mike! Lisa a hasbeen? Have you ever seen her act? She busts everyones balls, and is one of the top comics in America!
I never had a brofur
simply grand music memphis.
Still on the road. Heading to HD Museum In WI
#spriteslam is going in
"you dont wear nylons in a boat so you don't wear nylons with boat shoes"
#Ignorance is the deadliest contagion & it rolls thru society like a WICKED plague.
The difference between death and taxes is death doesn’t get worse every time Congress meets.
#OrbisCascade Digital Services Team will create & conduct a Digital Preservation Education initiative
Your existence gives me a headache. Please, go stand over there.
thanks! We hope you find it useful!
Yea Casillas!!!! good save!!!
How am I just waking up?
The music in Mad Men has been consistently fine, but this season's has by necessity been stellar. 1966 was an "annus mirabilis" for music.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F OVERCAST
Oh no! My mama called from the PI and I just missed it. No. 😖😞
Seven months just thrown away like a piece of trash
In fact, if it's too original and different, audiences will be confused and avoid your film.
just woke up not long ago too. haha
Remember, if you have questions, our interactive RAs are here! E-mail us at
I don't know what you are talking about but "This is how we do it" by Montell Jordan is classic bad shiza.
// Congrats on expanding your line!
Q2: I wish I knew what it would be like . Anxiety over the unknown kept me from going on my own for a long time.
Now listen all y'all -- Rock n Roll HOF induction ceremony premiere tonite - 8 p.m. central - on
Got death trapped into shopping with my girlfriend and my mom 😲🔫
cream cheese And a bagel
have fun not being here
Follow #feelgoodmusic Stand up Brother!!!!!
I want you Mikey<3
Woo! Off of work!
I love
“: Who won #Bedlam wrestling? The same team that's won EVERY other Bedlam competition this year, #okstate, by a 25-13 score.”
I'm familiar with the argument, but by its logic we should all go back to wood-fired stoves, right?
Happy Birthday John thank you for being an incredible blessing to me and so many others I am ever so grateful to have met you!!!
word if you do bring some shirts! I should have some next week or so waiting on the blanks to come in....
congrats! Can't wait until it comes out!
OH from as she Draws Something for me: 'This will be my masterpiece.'
what's the best song to kick off this rainy day #austin?
Check in the car--in the way back, under the seat, or driver's side door pocket. :)
Doctor: Here, hold this chicken foot.
Flying back to Cali :)
Our next feature is from out for the post on Sunday! Would YOU be interested in an interview? E-mail us!
Everything's a go.....
Come to Tap and Go today at 330pm to drink cold beer and watch the Cincinnati Bengals take on the Houston Texans! We'll be open at 3:30pm ..
Homemade Kit Kat Bars If you're a fan of the crunchy chocolate Kit Kat candy bars, you will adore these homemade kit kat bars . They atte
Office space hoes
woof woof;)
Back at you ! Happy #FF. Have your Mother's Day flowers sent? There's still time.
when did i ever say i didn't like Colin?
Saying That Ypir #TeamIphone On Instagram Knowing U Got A Android
Celebrating 's wedding with fabulous people and amazing food. I love Chicago.
Sleeping in simple because there's no school>>>>>>
darn water mark.
This is the 1st week that I'm not allocated to a project. Wow Im happy but ah I gotta eat so it's time to pull the network card...
Must find energy to make it to the gym...... Lounging just feels soo good right now!
The more humans I meet, the more I like my dog
Haha no kidding! :)
Its funny how things change so fast. I'm about to be done with people at sycamore.
I don't know what to make of these #Mets, but man are they fun to watch.
Yes, but ... CHICAGO! Have fun!
Q. How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex? A. Call her and tell her.
why hello!!! When will we finally meet? Our first introduction shall be glorious! Three whole years of the utmost anticipation...
i people of twitter don't be afraid to follow me, i follow back.
Pinterest is to girls what Reddit is to guys.
I don't even care that you stole my rabbies!
Finished grading papers. I have lost hope in our future. Maybe next week they will redeem themselves.
Doing a lttle hiking in Rocky Mountain Park today. See if people are still snowshoeing on Bear Lake like 2 months go.
#ConfessionHour I've had foreclosure hit close to home... so I know the pain.. Call us and we can help you today!
congrats on a great year and great job at nationals
RT : The wait is almost over for NEW Instinct RED MEAT grain-free kibble!
The prickers on air right now!
I'm gonna treat my next boyfriend like a Prince. <3
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Must say the humidity now is no worse than it was at 4am when I was outside because the fire alarm went off. Right.
oh my heavens! Keep him
haha. I know that feeling. But I'm tired. You should tweet ME tomorrow.(; Ahaha. Good Night Kyle.(:
hey - why not geek out a little bit today?
can tell you affirmation from parents is vital as well as from
PEOPLE DO NOT DM ABOUT TREY BECAUSE HE WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST LITTERALY SOO YEA......
Just be happy that you got to spend time with the biggest and coolest 15 year olds that you know!
#PeopleIWantToMeet anyone who wants to meet me :)
is thinking she might spend this rainy day at the movies.
= musical/lyrical genius! 
Im in total shock and awe at this lady's hair here in Walmart... Going in for a pic lol
I'm always clear...
"be the change you wish to see"
Can this kid take a hint ?!
I always end up behind the slowest people !
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's Artists on the Verge Project 2012"! Post on their wall to request SMARTS
it appears to me that a flaming "brown bag" full of poop and a pair of boxing gloves outside of 'his' office, seems appropriate right now.
secret love, my escape, take me far far away
tweetdeck got to annoying for me, switched to seesmic in Jan haven't thought twice....
I really don't appreciate my mom, besides giving me birth... she's done nothing. Happy Mothers day GRANDMA, u mean the world to me <3
and I made lunches for Laura and I.
man u really don't give a fuck huh?
Huh, I haven't eaten anything all day. I should probably get around to that.
yet, there is probably free WiFi at the $99/night hotel. freakonomics?
reading #joelcomm Twitter Power 2.0. so far really good. I've new tweet peeps:)
Gotta be the most embarrassing thing in the world
i'm sleepy, but i'm not sleepy. .
it has always been that way Jo. You must be happy.
i *love* white and gold. So hot. Slide
thanks for all the love & support!
(Og Mandino) Always do your best. What you plant now you will harvest later.
whenever the job is done been here since 7am
No problem man , Your band is really good!
#teamfollowback #indy #film ..victim to a mysterious sickness and more. Follow my account for details! This is my first feature film.
They're, their, and there are not equals! Treat them with respect!
oh man the funniest new season ever check out
we didn't have our game today but yesterday was brutal.
not much just got home from the dentist and my mouth is all numb :P lol what u up to??
What up homie!
Roll wit it
not sure 40m is an accurate number. I believe it's more 2-2.5m. Not a small number but we should keep the numbers in check.
That is so awesome Kristin, thanks for sharing! (I want to read it when it's done!)
AWESOME. RT : In an effort to recover from my poboy lunch, I'm going to go shift books. Don't try & stop me
Get more CIO's on twitter? I would have better luck getting that 5th dentist to cave and recommend sugarless gum for patients.
Scotland Yard Pub opens at 4pm for Sunday Dinner...and great drinks. What are YOU doing?
Good luck to whomever wins the #MegaMillions jackpot tonight. Excited to see what kind of non-for-profit venture you start first.
Sometimes marriage is hard but love certainly makes it easier. ;)
Our Hem & Haw DIY arts & crafts event starts at 6:00 tonight at Leedy-Voulkos. Who's coming to learn some handicraft tips from pros?
i am so exited for you to be hosting this year EMA i can't wait! ah so fucking exited! :)♥
Yay fun! Having a great time. :-)
We Are Rocking With Selena ,My beautiful girl-idol♥
Can you see Russia? : I do love Alaska:
Are you following #KYLegislation this year? Call 1-800-372-7181 to voice support for HB200, sponsored by Rep. Susan Westrom.
Just returned from #OccupyNashville meetup--around 150-200 people there. Very Excited.
~no you cannot....unless its the remix!?! ;)
I'm only gonna do this once ... Titty Saddles (Starring Betty White & Helen Mirren)
Tipping my cap! RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again. Just WALKED off plane in Indy to play in The
Follow me i wi follow u....
follow bac bra
Early bird gets the worm. What's everyone got planned today?
Donning a flashy hat & sipping on minty bourbon while feigning interest in which horsey is faster? Southerners do it RIGHT.
Where do I make that change?
im excited babe!
anything up this weekend?
wyd in DC
Need a last minute #MothersDay gift? How about a traditional storyteller?
Wish my classroom allowed for all that cool stuff!!
I choose not to open to people anymore just cause i dont wanna seem weak.
7 a.m. tennis @ North Shore Elite went well today. Good start to the weekend.
Thanks, contacts would be great. I called a few places but they want non perishable items.
it's for the sport of it and the reward is some good eats!
we get down WHERE EVER..mite look lite but we HEAVY doe!!!
Ready for my Celtics🍀
There's a storm rolling through the city now. Wonder if it's causing the issue?
The look of Washington St in Irvington will change over the next few months.Get your first chance to see! Join 5-1 at Irv Library
I'm on an Instagram photo liking rampage.
Thats whats up :D Super excited <3 you guys!!!
Good Afternoon! :) :)
So excited & happy to announce international shipping is now flat rate @ $9! Canadian shipping is now flat rate @ just $4!
Moms love candles! How about buying Mom a candle for Mother's Day? I know she'll love it!
Cody this year is your year!!! #paradise so happy im gonna be there all the way to the top with you.
Why can't packing ever be stress free
Going to vanish into library for a while. 'Bye, twitterverse.
I said no for a reason... Not cuz I'm a total bitch...
When did lighting cars on fire become a way 2 celebrate victory
I'm so heated this morning, its ridiculous.
the federal government should not be able to tell employers to provide contraception.
Is your pool green? Have us clean it up for pool season! www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Nope. Nothing worth remembering.
Sometimes I love Rodney Atkins, and then sometimes I'm not a 35 year old Dad and I don't get him at all.
Today in Literary History: On April 16, 1968 Edna Ferber (author of SO BIG, SHOW BOAT and GIANT) died in NYC.
Down goes Bachmann! Down goes Bachmann! lol See ya wacko!
#TEAM.....NOT FENA CUFF HA ASS...JUS SMASH & PASS HA ASS!....#SHERATCHET!
Now: Watching "The Outlaw Josey Wales," starring Clint Eastwood. Released the year I was born.
Lying, again. RT : I'm shaped like the slinky dog from toy story. but that's alright. still fine. :3
Me: "cuz guys dont find me attractive" Julia: "i know.."
Hey Bro Tony Romo loves coming to Washington DC for the White House Correspondents Dinner
Haha, same here.
My favorite animal is steak. ~Fran Lebowitz
im chillin for now
Call me, maybe?
Moves Like Jagger.
I hate being left in the dark...
this line was generated for me by hipsteripsum.me. "Lo-fi cupidatat vegan, eiusmod gluten-free ethnic bespoke."
looking forward to seeing you!! Hope you enjoy "Working"
AT LEAST.
hilarious you are totally in the room on turntable too! i love this thing!
The moment my 9 year old sister tells me she wants 19 kids..
thanks for the RT!
I want to watch animal cops but it's not on 😒
that's a great story!
yeah right
aye free my nigga danny b !
If your weren't an actual fan of Whitney then you are musically illiterate.
It's easy to peep a nigga dats plottin on you. When I get this tool tomorrow, I might kill a nigga by friday
Cheers to everyone who braved the weather yesterday and came out to the bonfire. We got a little wet but still had a great time!
incorrect, 42 is "the answer to the ultimate question of life, the Universe and Everything", not the meaning of life :-)
Really? ;) That's funny! I am from Memphis and we think Texas is way out West.
what does a tornado sound like? cuz whatever I'm hearing right now is WAY too loud to be airplanes!!!
I love it! Great day to get some signatures!
The thought of a bright actress embracing her passion, such as yourself, makes me smile.
Hi Phil, emailed my headshot/resume last weekend. Do I still have a shot for a meeting?
I srsly care to much sometimes.
We need a skills test to buy pow boards. Entry barrier to Backcountry is too low. History shows, lack of ability + skinny skis = no BC.
My first Groupon purchase...how exciting!
I promised Kim I wouldn't make her sit for extras. I'm at home STILL watching in the 13th!
I need to eat dinner and things so I was thinking around 8 if that's okay.
Hey I hope never comes I like you just the way you are!
Awkward preppy dads dancing to Nelly and Ke$ha at Tombs.
The lawyer () that filed the lawsuit citing BountyGate filed another concussion lawsuit today v. #NFL. Lawsuit number 76!
Happy Mother's Day!
Be sure to use up bulk items purchased before it gets bad — it isn’t cheaper if otherwise.
Just iPhone 4 and the Hipstamatic app! :D
You're work is dope.
Mark Lowe is trying 2 give me a heart attack. Help me Tom Cruise. Help me Oprah Winfrey.
throw your back and let your arms follow, and shake back and forth. #tooeasy. Easier than the wheelchair!
Just released some new products from Aveda and Paul Mitchel
you'll always be my #1 tho baby ;) and as far as Sunday.. I'll take one loss, I'm okay with that!
So tired, I look like I've just emerged from the dead
dude, still impressed! this just means you have to do another one! *for team of course... ;)
Join us for Maui Dance Day on Friday and Saturday, November 4 and 5. We'll have tap, jazz, zumba and so much more!
If you want to make your special person happy...give them a piano. Free Christmas Eve delivery...Free group lessons with purchase
*an RT : Im a uptown solider, known high rolla
that 70's show?;D
Z on bus?
Seriously, #TAMU? Concealed carry on campus?
- The voices of some of the greatest minds in history have been women who were sadly buried in history's pages.
"your pretty" or "your beautiful". Which one would you prefer? "when I saw your pretty face" or "when I saw your beautiful face" which one?
The officials dictated the momentum of the game with calls & non calls. #Celtics got scammed. #Heat cheat.
checkout hot new muzik from new R&B artist Legynd with smashing hit "Conceidit" ft.Solo
Wine wine wine Wednesday! Also, the new Chef's Chocolate is a brownie Eatery style! You want to talk about a #foodgasm...get outta here!
I've never watched it, but doesn't UFC get pretty nasty!? :-)
Just spent way too long watching Gregorian Masters of Chant videos
shouts right back at ya loll
done! Thanks!
The Best Casual Make Up Tricks! You charm will impress everyone
The gig is up, visitors. Not only do we have lovely convention and sporting venues in Indy, but occasional tornados too!
#ImHappyWhen im eating lol i secretly have a fat girl inside me
i just laughed so hard. Arent you tallish Steve?. okay. totally normal. RT : Tall people tryna sell me lotion.... gtfo
just bought boyfriend on iTunes (: anything to support !! #bieberfever <3 !!
no I did not dm you...account was hacked yesterday
& we play softball ;P
Man I'm so excited for today's game, about to head to staples soon, haven't been this excited for a game in 6 years.
RT : This Friday, show your support for and #GoRed for National Wear Red Day
The various options that are available for health insurance can be very confusing-take advantage of using a health broker....
My stomach yelling at me 😳
My pleasure. Thank you!
You say your ugly, when your clearly not.
#Seinfeld "No soup for you!" #superbowlcommercials!
BANDS NEEDED! *Late April Shows*
Porche, the girl thats part of her team? yah id vote for my team member too
Sorry for the multiple posts still learning the TweetDeck can my social media followers point me to an article?
I can totally understand. It is absolutely NOT our policy to not recognize our guests comments. May I ask how you contacted us?
So, is Santorum going to be the GOP's Howard Dean OR John Edwards? If he's smart, he'll opt for the former.
Being home means your own shower, good food, bigger bed, and no school. Yuhhh
Wow, never crossed my mind. He's in the UFL, but is he available? Not a bad idea if Grant will be down 4+ weeks
call Merlin. He'll work with you!
Yep amazing episode for sure. Puck and beast singing mean by #taylorswift probably the best thing ever what a great spng choice.
Dirty Old Men Disgust Me!! Ill!!
Yea I'm I'm talking about dude, keep messing what mines
That's what I was thinking when I first read it, but it was published on April 2nd. I'm interested to know its validity too!
No school for me tomorrow! 
"you look like a flight attendant"
thanks Tyler . you too <3 follow me?(;
Rovner: People always think that in order to see sth better you have to get close to it. But I feel you have to…take a distance from it."
So proud that Stacy kiebler was once a raven! And proud she is from here! :)
Today is about to be a good day!:)
Hey hey! How has your Wednesday been so far?
boobs dude. wtf
Chillin in this Light Room :)
What will you get mom for Mother's Day? Check these out!
Our school has been on a Hunger Games binge, it's literally all I hear about. Hunger Games themed food drive, trivia contests...
Lopez: Left ICU May 6, but still not moving or talking, blank stare. "She wasn't Ava at all. She was like the shell of a little girl."
Fml with these lines!
lmfao that pic is classic. I know you and I were the happiest guys in Miami last night. LeBron never let's me down. Lol
Thank you #god for blessing me with a job that allows me to eat a delicious brunch while there are starving children all around the world.
You were in my school paper:)
Sometimes I find myself unable to differentiate between irony and sarcasm. At those times, I default to using both.
Just watched 21 Jump Street with my Lady. Good ass movie. #ChanningTatum is hot. Lol.
One of my greatest trials was my battle with malaria. I had to go across the street when the hotel bar ran out of tonic water
in that case agreed.
When you dont know how to spell something so you just abbreviate
Happy Mother's Day!
yes you are
The cake that could have been...
Something tells me a lawsuit is coming out of that somehow -
Oktoberfest in September tonight in Addison, TX. Grapefest in Grapevine, TX tomorrow, along with college football & a UFC fight!
RT : Internship: Summer Intern Sales: NY-New York, Job description Platform Computing is a new acquisition to IBM.......
Nice meeting you too. You and your bulldog be safe in Irene.
can stawp being so adorable? i almost hate lookin at your instagram pics
should host next year
Shadows on Smith St. last night in Brooklyn, Miss that strip...
u can call me to ;)
This is the Day the Lord has Made........
highly recommend visiting the botanical gardens & surgery museum; also great art museum...
-... doing these really great versions of some of my songs.... Roseanna is a great artist.” Randy Newman (orig.too many/lette
RT James Cameron now the deepest solo diver in history, 3rd deepest ocean diver ever...25550 ft.
All this material-if you practice it-will help you in your situation
me too when finished it off with that 83 yard run omg the place cleared out.
M ... pizza on the grill tonight. Italian chicken, fresh moz, artichoke & roasted red pepper. Can't wait!
Grinding today cant end soon enough.
Watching White Christmas for the first time this season with my family <3
If you can do better...I can do better, too....but I don't need better...
RT if u think its obvious that is gonna win a VMA!!
Taking off for the weekend, New York you will be missed....
lol at the "prize" for winning this puzzle-poster for 's movie....
what dick ?
the Easter full moon is out tonight :) Amazing&Beautiful :) #moonshadows!
of course :) have a good one
// wow! #Thanks for #listening. Yeah singing isn't my strength. Lol, Did track on fantom and motiff. You're an
HEY YOU! how are you?! i never hear from you anymore...
FutureSex/LoveSounds is still a great album.
almost impossible to choose...but seeing Citizen Kane on the big screen is a once in a lifetime opportunity
Summer is kind of like the ultimate one-night stand: hot as hell, totally thrilling, and gone before you know it.
Just saw American Reunion. So good!
Thanks a lot!
You think your beautiful but your not. you think you can sing but cant. your going to eat kfc and burger king on boxes!
your job = fun
yay! this is so cool!
ur right !!! They need to stop f ing around and play HEAT Ball!!!
Travel agents don't miss out....10% commission on all rentals booked with us!
Thank you Adair's and everyone that came out! It was awesome. See you all next time!
im coming next Tuesday !
#moverslongisland available at your service tomorrow at 2pm. Get your quote now by emailing us at
Just saw someone catch the bus at turlington and get off across the street from rawlings. Wow. Epitome of laziness.
slow-roasting tomatoes. ready to get outside to play some tennis in a little while...
": Less talking , more head." Now don't stop
“: “the net in left is up cause a T Chef” -- that sounds kinda dirty...
everyone looks foward to u instead of me
Where do your fans like to interact with you - email, Facebook, Twitter, blogs? Make sure you know their favorites & capitalize there!
So, all youz guyz should go to my facebook page,"Family Fish Farm." and see how the triple bottom line really works in three dimensions.
The three keys to high achievement: Clarity, Clarity, Clarity!
where's heaven, these days?
Bad shot caron
I can count my friends off my hands & my feet
Cloudy days should be for getting work done, but rain makes me sleepy... any good suggestions for a good caffeine buzz that's not too harsh?
with pleasure.
thanks Amy! I will miss our chats @ the Talkin' table too! Keep in touch! Will miss you & C'Ville.
Not only are a ripoff but they're also a great way to spread messages of hate about minorities and homosexuals. RT and
How do you feel about impact of #TFFDisrupt recognition on your mission, vision & goals?
you wouldn't know of a hack for the old tweetdeck so i send articles to pocket/instapaper?
"then it hit me, this nigga looked like Tom cruise, like mission impossible 2, jerry maguire Tom cruise" -
I don't know if I can make it then, I have my Twilight book club
you're so cool "#pilotseason" - just kidding thanks for the hi. Hope the weathers nice in LA..rain here
What the heck is a Black Magic Cupcake ? Aren’t you dying to find out ? Drop by Chocolee and ask us for one. It’ll cast a spell over you.
I wish my eyes could take pictures
You are such a beautiful singer :) looks like Nathan copied you ;b
Lol #NoOnProp29 CA spot has a fake doctor saying it creates a wild "Tax Pol. Group". Fine print? "Major Funding from ___ Tobacco Company" x]
Whatever! lol not a car. but. Idk things you can consume or wear. or whatever will make me your favorite fan :P
k thanks
Each Monday, I create a pop-up office in the student/faculty lounge in the department one floor above mine.
June 4th at the White Rabbit Venue, San Antonio, TX!!! Lets make this a good one!!!
On the plane to dallas. Texas longhorns here i come!!!
“: can't wait to see u at work tomrrow ..when do u work till”2
You guys are amazing. Seriously, thank you so much! We're all giddy about them. :)
Lets get this party started
Mt everst was great
Going to visit (:
In #atl shawty. Kansas city here I come.
Sitting in school.... Almost time to leave then I'm off to my own house. Have alot of Math. Can someone help me?
:O (me singing along) RT : Watching West Side Story with the fam
what should i do...? hm
Miike Snow was amazing, again, last night. A blizzard of lights and music.
Your lookin so good in whats left of them blue jeans;)
Love it. Didn't know you ended up deciding to stay! Sports Law Gunner :) Enjoy!
Really impressed with the number of donations was able to help nonprofits raise. & Thank you fellow Fellows.
#Game7 #Laker After Party @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach. Hip Hop/Top 40/Reggae Music. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Goin to bed...Gm Twitter fam
how'd you get in there? I work for them and haven't been! :)
Jack White wrote his ass off on #Blunderbuss. Studious songsmiths, he's given us homework.
But on the other hand, I'm forever upset because we didn't have our daily chat today..
Ugh I've been awake since 4am. And I went to bed at 2. Sucks.
your work deserves compensation writing is your job like librarian is mine... Ppl Need to realize u created the work u own it
Texas bars offer to-go cups
Oh how I miss ! I hope you treated
How guess it look ???
Are all the serc tweeters in the UF soc media strategy session? I like focus on effectiveness
I was just telling this to someone last night...so true smh
