I think we have to be collaborators, no? A kind of group Heraclitean pedagogy seems to be emerging here.
Can you follow me? please :)
haha yeah. Im fishing out east tonight
Signs my body has re-adjusted pretty well to the Joy Cardin schedule already: I forgot to have my alarm next to me & woke up at 330a anyway.
Soundgarden show was excellent!!!now on my way for a drink or two...or eight...
Yes! Wolvie offspring #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question. (I'm an equal opportunity superhero geek, myself.)
Does love really last a lifetime?
excited to see your #creativity mojo flowing!
Leave. Me. Alone. If you don't I will crush u like the cockroach u are.
The truth !!! The TRUTH !
Super Bowl venue closed. Catching Top Gun where I left off at home.
And happy Friday, Jay!!!
Friends: Is there a twitter-app that can sort the people you follow by different metrics, like tweet frequency? I need to weed badly.
In other news, I am about to have sushi for dinner. *sushi dance*
no dude we haven't got any in a while, but ill let you know if we get any
that's Wassup
drinks hve 2 be good since Palomino's food has nose-dived into suckville, lately. Used to love it, now we won't go back.
Sending prayers out to all those that did not check the news, nor went to the bathroom before going NB on 75. POTUS is here!
I am wonderful! Life is good from this end :)
We tested the link in multiple browsers and could find nothing wrong with it. We will happily e-mail you a copy if you'd like. ^AP
Tanks for being that one follower?
Got my card today, looking forward to my first trip out into the wide world in the cute cars!
not hurtful enough to not tell you the dogs are enclosed in the pool area
Subway it is....
... ok I don't REAAAAALLLY hate you. But I am frustrated.
Congratulations to you!
If anybody has a problem with me flooding their timeline with the shit a that irratates me go cry about it
#ritz2 friday FREE ALL NIGHT #obsessions Saturday $1 all night #tonefide 5
AHA I love my fiancée :)
Any female friends I had have kids now. WTF?! Why does everyone have to Reproduce?!
twitter is not a popularity contest
how fake justin didnt say that its all these articles with different types of stories fake
text me !
Guy at tried to skimp me on the chicken. Had no idea who he was dealing with. I was polite.
Thanks for the follow!
There's a small wait unless you sit at the bar... There's two spots open right at the end.
I got 15K plus for multiple statewide, down ballot candidates in the 90's in MA. Not hard!
Come see us at the Home & Garden show starting Saturday- you can't miss us with the swing sets, trampolines and trainers- booth 1473
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out with possible offers/promos
": you're gonna me the mf'n maid of honor!! Lol" I cant even contain my excitement!!!!
Lazy right now >> :P
Hey there young lady. Watch that language!!! You said "eff".
That's the nurse version of me! I hope you took a picture.
- Good luck, I predict a 660 for you!
r u going to change ur band name
Break a leg tonight Newark Choir Family <3 and enjoy your last performance seniors.
Great to see you today!!!
He did the right thing...just leave the kids out as much as possible.
Im hyper/tired at the moment!
the greed & stupidity of some individuals never fails to amaze me..Austin is a small town..that behavior will follow you like a stench.
extolling the virtues of secret literature, passed mysteriously between hands, from major cities all over the world...
Hartford Public Library plans a soft opening of its new Jack Russell Memorial Library on October 24. Congrats!
Technology has increased the demand for
I'm sad, my mom () said I might get to meet tonight. But he didn't even look at our sections :(
okay... I'll shoot a thousand hoes for you Val. :)
Is Your Info Safe? Convert paper docs to digital files & establish file level permissions to secure access to docs in a central repository
Had a Brat and some beer and watched the #Rangers kill it on the big screen at the !
Okay #librarian types: Who's doing #radicalreference for #occupyportland ?
you didn't tell me to look there.....you said my room, by the door, or in the bonus room.
Saw a geekmeister in an argyle sweater today at starbucks ... I was smitten
You gotta give up with that, BE HAPPY! Wanna call me?
I hated and loved this episode of #GreysAnatomy. I'm so glad it's back though even if I'm only seeing 5 more episodes ;)
#FF Great chatting this week
Thank you!!!
swear i have the best friends. i love all of you 💜😘
Would like to wish everyone a merry Christmas and safe holiday season.
The most popular types of online surveys for money include:
Why am i awak on a Sat b4 7 a.m. oh yeah its cause i cant breath from allergies.
Next week I start Scags at 30, the third volume in the Scags Series. Hope you've read the first 2 by the time this one launches.
You're welcome! (Assuming that there isn't something like this already.)
Tonight two MICA GD alums are back on campus in Brown 320 '08 and Luke Williams '09
Totally just called 911 to report a couch/car on fire by my house.
hahahahaha thanks! So good to see you! And take your nycb virginity!
Phone case broke.
That's why they call it Whole Paycheck.
#FF some of our fav geek writers and podcasters! , , , ,
I put ice in my cat's water and she got scared.
I'm going too lol
oh shit I know this one.. I think it's LSU
Merry Christmas from Karaoke MVP!
you can look forward to April 20th at IUPUI's campus (: more info coming soon!
' YOU'RE A SLUT !!!' oh so im S.omething L.oveable U. T.reasure ? cool story bro.
i read my and i think it is true lol SWAG
omg me neither!!!!
I got you girl...to the wall
Guys, it's almost 8 p.m. and it's still bright outside. I'm concerned.
I wish my name was Rim-Ruhe
Getting some chipotle!
Turning the fan on and stripping down to just your undergarmets when the walls of your room become too hot to handle. >>>>>>>
- IS IT FRIDAY, DID I WIN??? Undisputed Heavyweight SUPER FAN OF GO! GO!
I think both. Fear of falling short of genuine creativity.
Congressional holiday continues. Vote every incumbent out of office. They earned it.
So I have always wondered why ppl play their music so loud in their cars. Do they think their cool, cause it is actually pretty lame!
Alex! Tweet back?(:
A bunch of great reviews on 4 our #studyabroad program at Regent's College London. Share your experience w/ future students!
My little sis sees my copy of "#HowToBeBlack" by and asks "Why is this a book?"...
love it Daniel!!! ;)
cool guy
I, for one, think that American nuns are badass. Keep on fighting poverty and economic injustice and ignore the grumpy old guys in...
I'm sitting in the fucking bar, I drink vodka with a laptop on your knees I want to write your favorite Amber B
me too!! One day it will happen
My secret is....I'm a clown for childrens events in S.D, :)
Apologies to anyone trying to phone us today...ENTIRE network DOWN... D=
When u fail 2meet ur mate's needs, u create fears n thm. Its ur job 2speak2 the fears u created until ur mate trusts u enuf 2set them aside.
Making wise spending choices can help you live comfortably today and when you retire.
I hate when I laugh at what somebody says, and they give me a devil look. Wtf?
Thumbs up my friend!
I love you!
Ghost hunters night!!
playing new 311 "Sunset In July" this afternoon
Yeah, been following that. I love living in the future.
I know but just have to ignore them and not let them get to you
Everything's going perfect so far today.(: happy 5 months babe.!<3
same here :/ Ty should be in a scary movie
Totes jeals! Have a ton of fun! Eat all that yummy popcorn and drink that free beer for me! And say hi to Haley :-)
*Low Battery* *Low Battery* *Low Battery* Well apparently you have enough battery to remind me every 2 seconds.
Thank you Jeffrey Deitch for stopping by the gallery!! Very cool guy.
Welp. There's another 90 minutes I'll never get back.
RT "the wisdom of a man will light his face". king salomon. proverbs
“ Last night I hugged my pillow and dreamt of you...I wish that someday I'd dream about my pillow and I'd be hugging you.”
The suburbanite in me really distrusts people who look interesting.
Only 4 days till the shit show begins
i work on a radio show & this guest DOESN'T want to ban foie gras so she blamed the CA ban on the humane soc w/ that sentence
Y U Rok So Hard?
You may feel small and insignificant, but remember - God loves to work through us to accomplish his will. -PMJ
Or enchiladas... Hm, but the green ones!
"Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dope show last night sis. You killed it like always.
It is uncommon to find a business partner who is selfless. In case you are lucky it happens once in a life-time.
I was born without you so guess what? I can live without you.
i hate it when i forget to eat
PPL R JUST TO FUNNY FOR ME
oh, excuse me superstar
Most interesting vacation EVER. Just got home, I plan to do A LOT of sleeping..
Most likely going to Cali with & this summer. Hell yes ♥
thought I was already following my fellow author, lol. Niobia, we must link up Sis. #Follow Back
I'll probably post it tomorrow, I'll let you know!
pretty good! How about you?
: I wonder how many of the 1.3% in US using IE6 are at DOS?
I'm going to damn bed.
This hour has been amazing <3
Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus => Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon, motto of Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
you're hilarious, you clown. Why is that awkward?! Hahaha you signed up for it! Now...."break the rules" hahahahaha
Headed to Brownsville...
Just got a lovely phone call from the customer who ordered 5 dozen cupcakes for a baby shower this weekend and loved them!
Kansas is stopped on 4th round of kicks! A&M made theirs!
... that sounds pretty cool! Thanks for following us!
I knew it!
aw, Thanks hope! ;)
Tovrea Castle in Phoenix. It opens to the public for tours early next year. What special memories do you have about Tovrea?
Wow, sucks. RT FROM HBO: "Milch and Mann together with HBO have decided to cease all future production on the series LUCK."
I hope you feel better doll
$20 to the person willing to do my laundry. $10 to the person willing to mow my lawn.
his bowl cut is a tribute to
exactly! I'm totally over the disease now. no more talking-points... just actual facts and real policy research from now on.
Reminder that there's no trivia tonight. Go Cubbies!
It is not the strongest of the species that survive,nor the most intelligent,but the one most responsive to change
Where da Dope at.?
Just scrubbed 37 lines of code out of my #Perl script and added a new feature. This makes me happy.
Sad most of Russo's crspd. is closed. 1975: "Frank Kameny says DC has it all together and NY is behind the times. I told him to fuck off."
hi sis i mizz u so much
#Adele has a #Stevienicks air about her. Classy.
I love how everyone is freaking out that is following or retweeting them :) Gosh I love twitter!
what cho number girl?
Healing up pretty good from surgery! Hope you guys are ready for some new music! Got big plans coming! Sean
A busy body! lol :)
Almond milk :)
hahahaha....love you dear....
I and Love and You = really great. SO worth $5.
Someone just recommended , but it says they will post Tweets on your behalf. That sounds risky to me. Anyone have experience?
#3WordsForYou I love you.
#55 we havent talked but you seem nice:) & you're pretty! ♥
Linus Torvalds may be great with kernels, but he sucks at semiotics.
someone probably tweeted a pic...
Nick Swisher just knocked a crabcake off the Camden Giant. Two-run blast. #Yankees 6-4 over
pertaining to the #nyrangers Reddens contract has been the worst in recent memory and we have bad some bad ones lol.
why u no skypey?
Really tedious pixel clean-up work in Photoshop is a strange mixture of enraging and cathartic.
Before you judge someone's life make sure you judge yours first.
poor you. ur to pretty to be sad
Winning Mega Millions ticket sold at a 7-11 in Baltimore - you know there's a rule that if we're Twitter followers you have to share right?
Slap your troubles away with a slap chop! Slap slap slap slap chop!
InGaN nanowires make good photoanodes Solar water splitting applications could benefit
#mystrangeaddiction is more disturbing than Toddlers & Tiara's....
hell yeah
#TheVoice ends tonight. Now I need a new competition obsession. Maybe life?
That was a waste.
Beautiful Day in the MIA
Horror movie commercials at night. D:
"Men are what their mothers made them." ~
Debating on whether or not to open my 2nd bottle of white rye. 30 years from now it would be nostalgic to have batch 1.
- best finish ever..down 3 goals the Monsters fought scratched and battled for 4 goals to win!!!!!!
I totally just got denied a standing desk.
awmigawd i can't freaking wait.
Excited about our A&A event with in LA next week. Looking forward to hearing about his expedition to the Artic Circle.
Off to LA for College Art, hydra-headed annual conference for art historians, artists, museum folks. Presenting Friday on steve.museum.
the fact that john sleep & not trynna take me home <<<<
Case of the Monday? We have a cure: 1/2 Off All Beers Today! Plus tonight, buy any personal pizza and get a second for 1/2 Off!
Email subject line (Imani has been ignoring the sender): "Please respond to this email Imani. I am a real person who hopes to hear from you"
Who Names His Cat " Perfect " or makes a twitter for a cat ?!
definitely interested. I don't possess the marketing exp tho. Something I'll consider. SD is just as beautiful as LA :)
You are not the father -
not at all. They're orthopedically designed and can even help better your posture.
I,m tired all over not just face
Buy the truth and never sell it; with truth you will have wisdom, discipline and understanding.
I get ready at last minute when I go out because just in case they lag it on me .
I hate when I make shit more difficult than it has to be
-haha, the venue was having some service issues early last night it was all taken care of tho. Party continues next Friday!
43 followers in 11 hours!! you guys are awesome!! keep it up!! tell all your friends to follow us!! Promise to have the website running soon
I meant that's and about you hearing stuff made my day;) and I don't know wtf happened but I was creeping on you and it said
": #SVU is back. The first of seven consecutive brand new episodes airs tonight" your girl is back!
ow ow OW. I don't think my back was supposed to do that.
thanks bro but yea in a whole nother state haven seen her in years lol
Cleat chasing girls on here, the kind of girl I have warned my son about since he was 13.
havent been able to tweet...sorrrrryyyyy):
Why is the air conditioning on in the coffee shop? It's freezing!
I need ideas for my thesis essay.
NCLA tomorrow! Traveling to the big city!!! Hickory, NC HA!
I will give as many high-fives as possible today
No worries - Twitter is about nothing if not insanities! Hahaha
I finished all the Freaks and Geeks episodes on the DVR this weekend. I'm so bummed that there aren't anymore to watch. Great show. :(
can we please make this happen? You would make a wonderful Andy.
took my first class there yesterday. LOVED it and can't wait to get more involved!!
Bet ill do that fasho..RT : ya bro let me know where you gon be at soon we can show up again
#WeirdFactAboutMe I never been on a road trip more ten 4 hours other then that I go in a plane lol
Congrats to the 10-0, NFC South champion, Green Bay Packers.
which memoir? I have a whole list of titles .... ps how r u?
I had forgotten that, but you got it.
retweet if u love
Some of those are news choppers. They probably get good overtime, too.
While the novelty associated with taking pics of red doors has passed for me over these 10 years, I still appreciate seeing them.
Lets run it
RT Glue Inc and MayDay Inc together making things happen.Great collabo!
Is Obama supposed to be the daddy and congress the children?
Speaking of... erranding and designing thangs for 's shower :)
Google Music needs an interface lift.
ok! Im really sad
Its making me uncomfortable. So much cooperation. Weird.
TBH, I just flipped out when I saw that pic and didn't even read or view the rest of the post ;)
RT : #Summer2012 is almost here! TBE teens: choose your adventure!
TRAB could be a load and hold, big news, chart showing support around .05
Studying at Espresso Royale eliminates the need for any kind of self control apps. The non-wifi is a productivity gift to us all.
To be responsible for oneself, it is first necessary to acknowledge what one is doing - Carol Gilligan from Isabel Rimanoczy
#medlibs - I'm blogging on the exhibit hall at #mlanet12 and am collecting questions and interests all month leading up to it.
Monday Morning Mortgage Madness!
Record breaking day playing on the promenade!
Man City giving it away...outrageous.
Ma Got Da Bro A New Toy & Im Messin Wid Id Like Ids Mine
Marty: Slept at Beaumont paper. Building was old, dark, empty, lotsa old machines. Felt like Jason Voohries lurked around every corner.
that Sonic made me feel better
of course you are! Who isn't?? ;)
Having alotta fun
Ugly Weather <<<
Only in Kentucky do people go to a "sheep herding contest." Well, and Scotland.
Congratulations to Seattle's RT: Outstanding Restaurateur: Tom Douglas Tom Douglas Restaurants, Seattle
there is seriously something wrong with my nose.:(
Girl Scout Birthday Box Party is about to start! I am ready for a nap though! Is it 4 pm yet?
the most tragic shit just happened.my cousin was shot dead on the westside.for those who i know that follow plz pray for her and her kids.
we are heading that way sooner than you think ;)
It's my favorite show of all time, watched the whole series multiple times
RT : i can't wait until i'm rich. i'm so tired of having to tend to my own needs. it's UBER wack.
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo and we’d like to remind you to please be safe; and please don’t drink and drive. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
lawn mowing in the summer. Bad memories of California
somethings money can't buy.
The dogs are still barking. Was it the Lady Gaga at #aasl11 closing party?
Bored on Saturday night with nothing to do
Would pay cash money to get husb to turn off his Saltwater Angler TV marathon.
Quick! Someone put Hot Stuff in Simon's jock to get him out of there...better yet, do it to Hudson next inning.
Kevin Hart and JB wow
Good q from our audience about the audiences. Can we create games for kids that adults also play?
thanks for tweeting the story.
Great BNI visitors day for networking with new friends.
HAHA... thank you for the funny sweet message... hello and love back!
I wish to death I was there!!!
": RSL doesn't know how to use the 3 seashells." Murder death kill
A little bit more shopping today my friends
Felicia and Amy are awesome. Stories begin @ 8.
SNAFU!: The Marine Corps has a messaging problem.
's new album #blownaway>>>>>>>>>anything i've heard today. nice work!
My other question after tonight is, where the heck are the Fleyrs getting all these young players! Coutierier, Schenn Vorachek. Sheesh.
I haven't looked into it too much, but I think he supports its newsletter for discourse reasons...
Suicide and I've never felt so sad in my life. So please reconsider the choice to kill yourself. Rest in peace Joey. I'll never forget the..
lmao yes! I workk at a tannin salon you can come by me!
Damn the advendgers movie is completely sold out !
uh .____. Im bad at this. How bout enrique v ? :( lol
Ooh... That sounds interesting... Thank you.
Watching a Spring staring game on MLB Network. Can't wait for the season to start!
cant wait to crush a nap later
talk to my travel agent.
ok. I'll take you word for it then. lol
“: Is Angela Lansbury alive/available for hugs?” /// Yes, but she now goes by the name Betty White.
Should find me a lunch date I'm hungry
Packing is a bitch UHH
Was texting back and forth with former Eagle Ryan Angers - great conversation - reason I coach is b/c of kids like him
Greetings from Grand Canyon Natl Park. What eventful couple of days, hopelessness to hope w/Gov Hick's special session
we are still in dallas at joe's place, we went out to eat then got here at 5 am. :o
Why read the book when you know the ending
oh bother
so it only takes 18 minutes?
danmmbbb gurll u sure as hell right he rocks x
Thank you for kind words! You made our day!
I've partied all over the world but never like disssss
that looks delicious. Lol
OMG! i have a lot of work to do !!!! allah with me !!
why do you always want the one you cant have
lol so what are you doing!?;)
sufficient evidence to support jurty trial convictions. the federal judges should dismiss these case with prejudice
yeah it's weird.
WE'RE HERE! Come see all of our new #ecofriendly products at - Booth 7849!
TD Bank Hiring for 90 New Jobs in Connecticut
bo at blü right or something.... im going to sushi time saturday
nope. Message me the info.
RT Come on floridast. I need u to win #marchmadness - Theyre coming baaaackkk,,,big three pointer
now that's the Worstt !! >.<
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. ~Yogi Berra
"Even if it is unpopular." YES
I want all that good stuff yea that includes you 😏😉
Who has mastered the fine line between celebrity and self-deprecation.
am nadia goon and u
And we have a winner! Thank you for participating!
About to hit the gym
I miss you too! We need to hang before you leave
where's that at??
Learning about the new #Seldoms project today from the amazing Carrie Hansen
thank you! Yes you too!
mmhn less than a month! And wed love to sometime! You guys are fun as fuck to see!
How do you pronounce Taleto. I wanna make sure I pronounce it right.
i'm a vegetarian and i would be interested in checking the pictures out.
haha yea :) x
Thank God for early morning prayer! And thanks everyone for the wonderful and kind birthday greetings yesterday. Thank God for another year!
They probably do that already, it's just now becoming officially acknowledged.
Good Afternoon to all of DYNPR new followers!!
u took it wrong!!!! That's what u say to me asshole!!!!
“Where did you glean today? Where did you work? Blessed be he who took such generous notice of you!” So she told her #Torah 48/99
This is the second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since Nov. What can be done to make this block safer?
Explore this weekend! Whats a neighborhood you've been meaning to discover?
Sometimes, we hurt those who love us the most. Like I did when I set this 3-legged cat on the ground. He just wants to be loved.
RT : Only 4 box seats left for our Mother's Day matinee of Romeo & Juliet. Treat your mother to a view like no other......
probs not. I need money
happy pink bat day!!! Go get
i was just told that my face looks like "assblood"
nice. glad you guys concur. I like getting back up :)
This!! >>>: Somebody slap Tebow. Let's see what he does. Ha
is this indicative of the growth of the flip/investor market in SoCal?
Hopefully I feel better by than
Dreaming Monday! Dreams are coming true today - just open your eyes!
I really did not know Jonah Hill was nominated for an Oscar.. Wow. From superbad to oscar nominee.. #getit!!
Amazing group of #boston technology leaders at "Innovation all Stars." Psyched to be representing
no need to apologize. Funny coincidence-the builder of our house at Annefield was named Hillery.
JUST HIT THE BLOCK...IF U OWE ME MONEY. IM ON DA WAY...
Gotta love Game One......let's go HEAT
Oh, Purdue OWL, your helpfulness once again abounds.
The creator of #mancode is in the studio!!!
happy birthday PRINCESTON
Melissa Lane, PoliSci, Princeton U, author of _Eco Republic_ first up! #SustUnbound Sust needs developments in ethics as well as sci/tech
Finally got the front seat in the SkyTrain!
Technology???? The shitz a
Biked to the Glendale DMV and back today, because that's how I roll
I don't know the exact name of the sandwich, but I'm pretty sure it was number 13. The one with grilled apples.
Beautiful day off yesterday in Ft Collins. Playing here tonight @ Everyday Joe's w/ & . Bluebird in Denver tomorrow!
Funny! :p
What a week! Busy at work & great progress with my little startup effort. Love it! So now… off skiing :-) Going to Whistler! Bye everyone.
thanks for all the twitter love and support for #marchforbabies305!
HA! Good move!
But of course Did you hear your website sounds blasting in the middle of a speaker prez? Forgot my speakers were on. #oops!
I know this is going to come as a shock, but I'm a Twitter Bot. Sorry I lied to you.
Tyla you are too gorgeous!!! I'm launching a Skype health management program asap details on my website soon!! Xx
yea man I just miss Sports altogether ima see about gettin on the hbg Stampede, or some simi pro team
Bhagavad Gita~ God is seated in the hearts of all.
It delights me to no end such a wonderful CAPTAIN AMERICA movie exists
OK thanks I will check it out.
I love you! I pray that your life brings you abundance of joy, prosperity, and love
#replacecodysimpsonsongswithtoby Ends With Toby
we can try
is still hot on the trail of PT gigs in Baltimore/DC/SATRAD. Your tips are greatly appreciated at .
Excellent! We're stoked you like them.
Last day in Atlantic City... Thank gawd.
u both r sexy as all hell
I wanna get a septum.
So cynical. RT : But for real, I really hope we didn't waste our time tonight.
what about Tuesday ?
I found out that weave is universal, even the Africans are rockin it! lol
this is why I love you.
What are thoughts on ticket giveaways/contests via twitter vs Facebook? Stick to one or use both?
We're very happy to hear that! Please tell Charlotte to keep fighting!
Why Thank You(:
you're a pain. But okay
Avengers fucking rocked.
thats because you have never went with me haha, i think rachel and jeremy are tired
A free One Direction cd, yes please. Jammin' the rest of the afternoon away...
Ill be nice to be in relationship
Do your 4sq check-ins REALLY need to be synced with your twitter? really?
hi friends. an overcast tuesday in hollywood.
I Hate When People Is Alwayz In People Shit I Hate That Shit People Need 2 Stay In There Own Shit Stop Been In Other People Shit
Probably within a couple months from now actually.
Honestly though, The Knicks/Rangers schedule is terrible. Why are you doing this to sports fans? It's criminal.
you watching the match?
Walking down National Nurses United's "Main Street" at the convention right now, meeting cool #nurses from across the country. Awesome!
pet peeve: people who RT but do not credit their RT to the person who tweeted the info.
1949- Zsa Zsa Gabor married George Sanders.
Good boy!
Viewing eulogy for Vacslav Havel: A word can change the wrld. Minority view is not necessarily the wrong one.
Tip:) an average blogger should have around 700 followers on Twitter it will def make a difference when brands are looking at your brand.
Dirty chai: check. Laptop: check. NYC: check. Studio loft workspace: check. Off to write some musical theater.
I dream of a better tomorrow.... where chickens can cross roads and not have there motives questioned!
jamming like an idiot during this long ass car ride.
#50liesIwasTold I'll always be there for you.
omg ikr. Like a girl that writes on her body and stuff doesnt deserve to win. Thats what me and my mum said..
's swim towel is moldy! #nastygirlproblems #iluhyou :)
Drinking a Supper Club. Where I come from drinking a beer in a supper club makes you a sissy, but alas.
sorry - prob not gonna happen.
Here's the thing Danny, if u have to tell ppl how good u are, ur not that good. If you r that good, it'll b self evident.
looks that way
Please KILL ME !
I want to live in New York & have a life just like Friends
Show report: nano tech 2012, Tokyo Leaders from academia, industry and government agencies gather at the world's largest nanotech event.
my weekend is not looking 2 promising as of now & i didn't plan anything yet but anyways what u got plan out 4 urself.
Maybe you can call in sick take it to crib and get all this ....
have fun tonight!
The fact that we will never meet depresses me.
Like really. I'm not here for all these high schoolers thinking they have life figured out because they judge other people all the time.
Talk too much trash? An amazing woman is defined by not just what she says, but what she does. We think you do it well. ; )
RT : Florida investigators say in an affidavit that George Zimmerman profiled, confronted, then fatally shot Trayvon Martin.
If he saves a puppy, I'll click the link. :)
Lol, fuck my hair. It looks exactly that same.
good ole memories
how's everything been?
Thanks to the Madfish Grill in Gloucester Friday night, and the folks who came out to see our last show in Gloucester until after August!
ah so phat doe we gonna rock dese we should conference call with glo or else figure dis ish out how we gonna go bout it u kno
Stabbing my eyes out over this Chen work
u welcome:-)
Still working on constant contact. i want to kill it.!
Gov. calling back evil GOP for another go at #civilunions, this unlooked-for hope followed by Prez's "evolving" on
I think your son will be okay , he will find a calling or learn that the more succesful he is females will chase him
Video loops by are brilliantly breathtaking! The whole vibe is like being in another city!
Eating tacos ☺☺ happy cinco de mayo!
Looks great, we hope everyone had a wonderful time. Happy Holidays!!!
The Five Year Engagement was actually very funny! I definitely recommend it! :-)
the what will u be? Mr sexy!?
Thanks! Is there a website? RT : Prosperity of San Diego Life Sciences Industry forum Fri. May 11th @ 12p @ UTC Forum Hall
RT : At midnight the works of James Joyce come out of copyright. #woohoo!
's very good
Even without attending the game, always fun just to get together and get bombed.
Looks like Test Track at Epcot is still scheduled for refurbishment in just a few days!
#tweetless Derek Burns becomes !!!
Awesome!! Any way I can get them from you today/tonight? I know it's last minute, but one of the pick-ups is in the a.m.
Seski excited to bring big feet to stomp in Lane County playground tomorrow!
Why is the voice uk so much better than the voice us???? The talent is so much better!!!!
How much a person can change in a year is mind boggling.
I do want to see her strip. Let's make that happen.
its gonna be my ringtone. # walkaway
.. your probably thinking to yourself .::I wish this nigga would tell me something::.
#Imagine Harry:"You're more than you think you are! You are my world. You are everything I need.'' *Kisses you*
Visited Ms. M at the rehab ctr, she is doing well & wants 2 go home. I told her if she keeps doing what she is doing, she will b home soon.
I just realized that I spelled faded wrong in my earlier tweet. Haha
Happy Valetines Day
i dont think i am
Lmfao RT : actually Idk y any1 lykes lennys, me and kota go to this one place that no one knows about in midtown.
Flipped classrooms are interesting, but I miss the discussion we have in the face-to-face version of the same class.
lmao it's scarface looking for him
lmao f y'all
Cool! is going to give $36K worth of Georgetown courses here at
My thoughts exactly. Throwing @ batter is more dangerous. That was also premeditated, where Lawrie was spontaneous.
Taking Back Sunday lyric tweet night. Sounds good.
As much as I know I'll miss school I can't afford any more anyway! On to the real world…! :)
chill yourself lmao
Hey, no problem! Enjoyed the video.
I hate to say it, but I totally agree! (Personal experience in higher ed...)
Durant and the Thunder?
“...but if a lock is opened by a lot of different keys, well that’s a pretty shitty lock if you ask me.”
Early VHS home movie of wheelchair racers and runners sporting amazing 80s coifs and day-glo short shorts
#JoeyDiamondFact Joey started singing when he was 6, but didnt take it seriously until he turned 13..
The best.
im to fuckin ready to start school
I hate Kobe !!! He will never amount to the greatness of Michael Jordan
Welp good luck on them
Yay! RT I'd like to welcome to the SF Community! If you currently live in SF, get ready for some exciting activities!
really? You should've blown out nc. They lost 3 point guards this year. Not impressed.
I swear LAX is playing the soundtrack to my life right now! Ha
I am not asking to be on a list, if you don't want to share me with your followers I don't mind. I'm just glad to be back. :)
The search for Caleigh Harrison -- who has been missing for more than two weeks -- resumed on Friday.
Oh! Did you get to see the ducks?
No Pulitzer this year for fiction? I thought Mike Daisey had a lock on that.
I love mornings like this ☀:)
oh that's just great. #hopetheyfindhim/her
Pssst, pssst, come check out new spring arrivals. There's somethings you might want to see if you haven't checked in a few days.
RT : RT if I'm about to see you at the #LBSU game!
Xmen Last Stand > #Royals baseball
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
i did my own hair today, decent af
I want to but I dont wanna stand in line lol!!!
No---> RT : You could be the best of me when I'm the worst for you.
I have to get back to playing every Sunday again and stay planted no matter what. I know where I belong and its the main reason I dont gig.
"Way" or "weigh," boy genii?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY :)
Finna pass out
We go on in 10min, come out!
#SHRM11 is just around the corner.
feel better booty!
Opinions are like this weird growth on my thumb: I don't want to have any of either anymore
I can`t work when I feel this sick. How to pay medical bills when you can`t work is something I need to figure out.
happy to be serving Fiery shots this weekend! we're making u proud here in
Be yourself
what's the best experience you've had at a doctor's office?
thanks for coming to the world's oddest play with me haha
I know lol they SHOULD correct all these ghetto peoples grammar!
Yes! I'm very excited but sad at the same time. I'll miss my work buds.
you can corroborate this with , but my favorite flavor is redhead and their pale is like freshly whipped cream. I got this.
Finally seeing #Avengers today!!!! ekswtkhwtehkht
I needed a rain jacket for two years and I FINALLY got one a couple months ago and it is a life saver
Fashion show. Ready to work the runway.
Perfectly stated! “: Football can just fuck right off. A disappointing, annoying, and utterly frustrating weekend of results.”
Whoa whoa whoa. makes books?!
Looking forward to dinner with and her team tonight!! :)
Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct) is up for consideration.
Tech are not the only companies in sf that get tax breaks.
Double dash doesn't do it? (alliterative, much?) Trying to remember, because I've probably used them more times than I should.
I love that you think I would be capable of dating anyone on the team.... But I'm sad to say... No one.
I want to thank you for u r the reason I know Twitter!thank u randy
Congrats, and many happy returns
IT holds keys to excellent #socbiz #emailmarketing campaigns. Define your segments, politely articulate them, and take IT to lunch. You win.
I hear from my butcher that Randy Moss signed an autograph for Jim Harbaugh
were stokked too!! Happy sxsw to you!
Now we won!
T-cap over😃
hey! thanks for the follow!!
pizza is delicious
RT Super excited for tomorrow it's gonna be amazing! :)
yeah that whole voting thing is so flawed
I miss you so incredibly much
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.” ― Robert Frost
You are not your job, status or bank account; you are who you think you are.
why did Rebecca fall off the swing? because she had no arms
DUDE! Shut up! The game isn't over yet. Don't jinx us!
Heading to Vgrill Sunset shortly!!! Excited for new menu items :D
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your Broad Ripple store. We appreciate you!
WAS THERE WEED IN THE GOODIE BAG
yeah I'm not allowed to hah (:
When kids are depressed is the sippy cup half empty or half full
In honor of today, 3/14, I need to get some pie. Where can I find the best pie?
and you know how to peel them away to expose the authentic self.
well that's true...lol
45 min countdown to Lunch
....what do you think of your boy Upshaw now as a Ratbird?
no problem!!
whoa. check out google maps' Quest feature. it turns maps into a zelda-like landscape.
Hey, that's me upper left in the bad suit!
Day 1 of potty training Caden: Success! Ah, the joys of parenthood!
Check out the lists that is in—there are some good ones there.
heard your Nelly Furtado cover. You're really talented!
are you doing a ustream today?(: lol what time would it be at now?
We just had the best call with ! He is the Chuck Norris of BRANDING! What a pleasure, thanks so much John!
I keep thinking today is Monday!
Love this idea. RT : afternoon of #FemTechNet dedicated to imagining/scoping a "massively distributed" FemTechSci course
its def a sport all its own, isnt it ? Sweet!!
There is alot of good hip-hop around there! Make a trip to Virginia Beach too! Cool shops and shows out there!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !!!!😊😍😉😘☺❤❤❤❤
he's a good player but he just won't be able to handle Henson and zeller's length or quickness
#TebowMovieTitles Silence of the Steeler Fan
Does the film cover "A Princess of Mars" or or does it cover more of the novels?
lol ok i guess so. we fux wit da same ppl. Adam is my artist.
Sprite, good. You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
When me and have random stare-downs when we pass each other in Walmart. lmao
On highway one. Smells like somebody ran over a tube of skunk.
Great interview on on the san diego school district budget with & reporters.
Oops! Our appologies. Very amazing space!
I guess you should have just charged them for 2.0
When did snitching become cool????? o_O
Chocolate Peanut Butter Layer Bars Whenever I make these chocolate peanut butter layer bars , people beg me for the recipe. A cross betwe
That was beyond ridiculous.
Please RT & follow these amazing people:, , , , , ,
Nails done 💅😊
Drafting blog re: WalMart #bribery, board responsibility for corp culture, role of gatekeepers and how this may derail reforms.
full moons are only a good thing in romantic movies
u realise u infered compared as even in team impact to Peyton Manning..damn!
RT : #insiderawards on 2/23? This quiz is simple, almost a little too easy. My answer is A. True & Yes & heck yes.
had to run back to NYC! Hope it was fun. Shooting you an email now...
I totally understand,
I love you!
Graduation is NEXT WEEKEND! Are you ready?
well put us on your ipod rock out and kick the crap out of that midterm!
The colors of a fresh garden salad are so extraordinary, no painter's pallet can duplicate nature's artistry. ~Dr. SunWolf
Just got told it's late and to get in bed. #waitwhat #I'm19
I said, we have tuna.
lots of snow coming. more sleep and eat all day. miss u
Zero Dialect tonite at Southport Hall!! 10pm
Merry Christmas!!
#WOW. The weather in NYC is fantabulous!
Nope, nobody's talked to me about the UW IMLS grants, but they know how to find me if they do!
idk what day it starts but it's in July
RT : The biggest advances are not made by being a great teacher; they are made by being a great student. - Pursah
Aw. I love that.
I really wish someone would text me right now..
Well, if that's my last night going out, at least I'm going out with a bang.
LISTEN In-Republican candidate for President will be on the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesday 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
it'd be pretty cool if you did the Willow Dance
"why try so hard to fit in, when your born to stand out?"
Rack city BITCH
The fact that I was supposed to be seeing blink-182 tomorrow in New Hampshire with AAR... <<<<<
I HAD TO GET OUT OF THAT AREA! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
omg, i still love your background ♥ looking so good(:
Unconference w/ and Lock. The. Door. This will be good.
2nd Saturday was a Huge Success, Thanks to all the SNOCLOTHING Fans that came out to support us and Buy Clothing!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
U wanna lose weight? Start running now cause if I find out who this spam twit is its a piece of oak upside your head for u!!!!
i luv my boyfriend's back mainly cause of 1990's zombie movie w the same name. its so sad that was my fav movie when i was 7
Oh YeAh GoT sOmE mOnEy YoU wAnT sOmE? sOrRy DoN't HaVe AnY!
no, im just speaking of my experience most folks fade off the college life after freshman year
RT : Get a free signed Nick Barnett jersey... Just retweet this and be ready to answer trivia question Tom morning!!
: like i said, is style issue rather than grammar-per-se; from writing-only perspective, PV can make meaning less clear.
Hiya pal!! Getting ready to pawwwwteeeeee!
The Man, The Myth, The Legend #FF hoping to share a drink you tonight SP at the Party!
game tomorrow?
what is call in day all about?
hey i want to thank u all for following me if i dont follow u back am sorry i will get a change okay i love u all and please dont unfollow m
Lol that's Baltimore for you.
so stressed, feels like the beginning of senior year all over again
if u could only grow a pair and c what's in front of your two eyes
My own haiku / Written just for me / I am honored :)
First names? Jessica.
:o) Fleetwood Mac on a 8track!
Sunday at Farm Associated get 10% off all concentrates all day!!!!
we're an hour behind. thanks for the spoiler though. wink.
Current Sweet 16 teams by state: Wisconsin 2, Kentucky 2, Ohio - Indiana - New York - Texas 1, everybody else goose egg.
I sure am. Got tired of morning traffic lol and don't you have someone to teach tomorrow or something?
its Indiana Grand now lol yea I have been there. Not much luck. Who r u with?
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous Moms out there!
Knee-deep in Chihuahuas
The soapy coffee pot shall remain on all day. :D
true, true
Going Down to Chattanooga for a field trip.
Happy Friday everyone! Three day weekend ahead :) So much relaxing to get done
My bf doesn't like the idea of me to ombre my hair .
Well I'm 5'5 so nothing shorter than that haha
Have to give credit to my man Good idea for the Warriors is a sign and trade with Atlanta, Monta Ellis for Josh Smith!
Me too. They are so mouthy.
Moderation is key, its okay to give in a little from time to time in fact it may help you avoid having a whole carton of ice cream at once
Got 100+ channels n nada on tv!
Looking for Gluten-Free menu items for lunch and dinner? Dine with Los Equipales today!
Why would you ever say that? You're casting aspersions, randomly. On your own people. SMH
RT BREAKING NEWS BREAKING NEWS!!!!! CIROC has just been named "The Official Vodka of Twitter Users" !!! RT PLS!!!!!
We wont be able to wear eye makeup cuz of all the tears from laughing so hysterically!!!
we need to schedule a visit!! so jealous :)
Back on twitter(': <3
Watching the #SuperBowl commercials and tuning out the game...it's hard to remember not to tune out commercials for once!
Happy Earth Day #Boston :) What is everyone doing?
There are worse things to rip off, at least.
If it's not too windy tonight it's movie night, we're probably showing Point Break... you can also bring in a movie we like, we'll play it
Fortunately serendipity intervened -- found the perfect little park, crunchy leaves, cafe and all.
they are pretty much the same person....
Got whole crew up predawn Passed customs into Canada but view from across border was fog LOT of effort NO photos Dateline: Detroit Michigan
Want the politically correct answer, or the real answer? LOL!
My prayers are with#Oklahoma #State #University during this difficult time.
Holy crap, my best friend's wedding.
Holy crap JF where have YOU been all this time? I've been easy to find. Never left the Shrine :-)
its probably far as fuck lol
Feeling sick :/
Great to hear!! See you soon!
Just posted a 1901 photo of the magnificent Victorian Mansion at 352 N. Broadway Yonkers NY, home of John Havemeyer www.victoriansource.com
In honor of #VMworld I am listening to Electric Daisy Carnival 2011Lie sets. Wish I was there.
lol good luck!
Invitation accepted! Would love to hear your feedback on our book.
QUESTION: What's your Halloween costume this year?
Why in God's name did I decide to start doing my taxes in the middle of the night?
Democrats see the US as a guild. Republicans see it as a pug. This explains their different philosophies when it comes to loot.
heading to with Chicago Metroboard to discuss life-changing opportunities for Chicago's isolated youth
we and might be interested in that! sent you a mail via your site, hope to hear from you soon.
I will hope everything is well! <LOve = CoNquer >
coolness. did they do Black Dog?
good advice comes from bad experiences
Actually, I take back what I said. He was definitely Indonesian.
My Papa, Albert, "served" in the Hungarian Army as a Jewish slave and survived when the Russians took him as a POW.
Hello there! So glad to be a part of your group! Will spread the word!!! <3
m, armadillo carnage
(2 of 4) I added each Follower to Lists with names like Friends, Enemies, News, Politics, etc.
I just want to get out of this town.
It's true that life is like a box of chocolates. But, at The Chocolate Library, you get to choose which kind you'll get
In-kind. Thank you for asking.
Pulp Fiction got to much going on.
Saw 2 bunnies on the walk home
That video why we can't succeed. lmfaoo
maybe you shouldnt get your license.... Save the old ladies in a wheelchair
Im sick of the browns
Thank you! We can't wait to release it. Stay tuned!
RT : Big day: now an official #AAMKT member and signed up for #AAM12. Including the SM Bootcamp - #Vagoose baby!
great to meet you, ! we are looking forward to having you back in the fall!
: Ahhck! I'm in CHI for work at the end of that week and then intern training. Don't think ima be able to swing it...
Marcus Canty? IT'S ALL ABOUT MELANIE AMARO!!! ;)
LOCATIONS...MUCH OF CENTRAL NEW YORK WEST OF THE INTERSTATE 81 CORRIDOR...INCLUDING MOST OF THE FINGER LAKES REGION...AND THE ELMIR...
Woo! RT : Just ordered my Indy 500 tank with koozie + 3 extra koozies for 3 lucky friends yet to be determined!!
that "oh my god" moment when you finish a really good book
haha yes. And a fantastic rooftop view of the city, for when ones wallet needs a breather.
go toa Fac meeting. That is the only requirement for membership.
We'll see. I'm really not trying to be a hater, just saying how the game works, and how the #Athletics work.
love to chat im me
This appears to be ineptitude at its finest.
#JetBlue major miscommunication at SJC being lied to for 3 hours now. Nobody making the call to cancel flight
So proud of my incredible bff for her amazing performance of Mahler tonight. The world is better with her voice.
Hair in the City - The Finest in Hair Coloring & Styling
Invited to Seattle for an early read of a new play. So honored...
real talk
Why can't you get the fuck out of my head, I'm starting to get frustrated.
I get kinda mean when im intoxicated...which makes it real complicated when im by myself. Lol.
Dining alone is vastly underrated.
Sorry!! I'll walk louder in the future.
I got home with about 30 sec to spare before the thunder & lightning started. That was QUITE the unexpectedly (!) LONG night of babysitting.
How was your roots trip?
tommies is fire!! a lil chilli on top da burg. been too long need to get back to cali
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
Thanks! Add !
you'll do great just like me. :-)
Just did a set of lashes for one of our FAB customers she looks so pretty
Right on!
Gold Coast ✈ Los Angeles.
I can't make it to the contest, but I wanna see a victory downtown today. Make it happen, boys.
Now you are famous :)
I wanna be a  the day of kaskade since ima be the birthday girl :")
You're a scholar and a gentleman. I'm officially on the hunt for your other CakeCreams, which is now a new word, I hope.
Fine Arts Library is so quiet this morning
Unless Peter Nowak brings on Mwanga, this Long Tan sub for has chance to change face of game.
Glee just took it to church. Weird.
lol hope y'all ready for that
Happy Mothers Day to my mom!!!!! Lovee u. Ure a super strong part of my world. Together we stand!
The engineer records the track and mixes the track...
it's basketball of course imma have fun
No!! Bundy gave up his first hit. There goes the professional no no.
great show
Ooh I got on a few days ago! I think they are starting there Medieval party tomorrow! :D I'm so excited! :) How about you? (C)
just finished my Annie rehersals, homework time then tomorrow is early release from school! Time with my friends! <3
Hmm I'm at a point in my life where I have developed positive outlooks on my destructive habits. Lol
Proposal: If cause a life to be lost by 'accidental' #Gun', have mandatory 'waiting period' and re-education before can re-use Guns. Fair?
Tweet me a number and I'll tell you what I like best about your account. :)
have a wonderfull Tuesday my friends.....
Dress for success. Producing in a suit just feels so right.
They aren't horrible. but if someone else has a better suggest I'd go another route.
#GivesYouWings red bull
"The work I do on myself is not a goal, it is a process -a lifetime process. I choose to enjoy the process!" ~ L. Hay (via )
love you bro
In a dream last night I was chased by a Black Angus bull, and for dinner tonight I had a steak - true dat
": yes RT: In 10 games against the Lakers this season, the #Nuggets have outscored LA by a total of 8 points." :0
Summer is right around the corner ☀👙🌊
Lol, you're sweet. I have a rough draft of a review started & want to talk over some ideas w/you. :)
I HATE moths.
“: No” I get it now, Louis why are u tweeting a Subway commercial hahha "Yes. Yes. NO!"
Aw i miss you too <3
At Barnes and Noble w/SZ. Need appropriate book recommendations for 7yr old girl w/short attention span, but high level reading skills.
Love those skype's that keep you smiling all night. :) #WhatisthisfeelingIcall...yes ;)
Otc..i wanna see this snow white movie
I'm probably of the minority opinion, but I don't think a Midwest zoo needs dolphins. In fact, I'm kind of anti-zoo. I find them depressing.
can't wait for the game tonight!. Your fans are #allin and #readytobeloud for
You KNOW I'm right! Just accept defeat! ;P
Gotta come by and see us at the gardens and see how our cardboard project is working.
you got it..."make ya pussy poot like a compooter gurl!!!"
Never underestimate the power of pretend
If you are using then you need to add the Hootlet app to your web browser. A valuable #SocialMedia tool.
Five years ago: Voters in the Dallas suburb of Farmers Branch became the first in the nation to back an ordinance prohibiting landlords from
I did, I'm here, haha.
always knew u were a heartbreaker... But not likes this J, not my poor heart :-(
First bar we walk into plays Courtesy it's gonna be a good night
it's my half birthday today haha :p
Drove on the road for the first time today and Drivers Ed and I KICKED ASS!!!!! I WAS FREAKIN AMAZING! Just Saying
W.honestconversations.com successfully launched on the #dylanratigan show tonight! Wahoo!
Got a  and I hate it
Thanks, Love. xx
I feel like I've been neglecting my twitter account. With that being said --wishing all a fantastic weekend!
Calling all DIVAS! You can still get your spa on for just $50.
#youmyfriendareonecoolguy I tried finishing our mash-up and it ended up making my voice sound demonic for some reason
Love it!
Don't worry #clintonville, will save you.
#YoureInTheFriendZoneIf he ends up having a kid from a previous relationship.
oh and if you really dont... 2369 Virginia Beach Boulevard ;-)
new ratpackers ?? Welcome👊
sad sad movie lol
Nope, but I've just looked. Responding now
half mast flag for a celebrity? ...me thinks if the person was in the armed forces or judicial/federal branch yes.
*giggles* Nice one DJ
what the heck are you talking about? Lol
I just created a fun Australian character for Youtube...nothing dark and sinister I'm afraid, more blonde and stupid...ie funny
working on t designs.
“: My temper goes from 0 - 10 in less then a second therefore watch your words with me”
We'll have to get together at the track next week!
I want a female that knows how to communicate that keeps our problems between us everybody don't need to know everything.
Thanks for the follow back - stay beautiful!
Road Tripping in The RAIN!!
And a Northstar oatmeal raisin cookie for FREE?! Super bonus.
"The wildest colts make the best horses." – Plutarch
Still waiting for Rolando McClain to become the impact player he was tabbed as
My mojo so dope bitch
My sister better hurry uo nd get to Chicago.
Next song being recorded soon! Stay stoked!
Oh.... Laughoutloud that's really cool.!.!.!.!.!
What a beautiful day in #rva! Let the weather motivate you to exercise outdoors!
i have never done that before & he would not replied -.-
Fri 10-5 & Sat 10-1 Joe Frazier will lie in state at the Wells Fargo Center in S. Philly for fans to pay their final respects.
Anyone offering state- or company-financed life/health insurance to the bar/tavern employees who have to inhale smoke?
Something Grilli tweets.
Kaiser Permanente Wins National Environmental Award
Going to turn try to find season 1 of #boardwalkempire suggestions?
You can tell me anything. I'll probably laugh and make fun of it, but you can still tell me anything.
dear God, please don't let this day turn to complete poop.
that looks like a fun Capri Sun
Thanks for the RT, Scott!
is with In NYC getting ready to hit the stage off Broadway with The Punany Poets; 2 shows tonight !
i love my family. :)
A BMW driver with NU Faculty parking sticker just fingered twice on Clark St. without reason. (swear that it was 20mph on my speedometer)
damn, never fail
Traffic violation cameras are wrong on SO many levels. It scares me that we have been programmed to accept that crap, yet here we are.
real* not realtime
young love was just dumb love, call it what you want it was still enough <3
Um Cali people over enunciate their Rs....HARD LMAO
nba jams right now for the love it
Tonight's Pick up line - Me - Girl im about to win that lottery Chick - How? Me - Cause I'm about to get your digits :O
#glad he doesn't follow me ;D
Hey Houston, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow!
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1827 Composer Ludwig van Beethoven died.
At #tipsandtricks with giving a sneak peek into agency life.
I love you
thanks #bestie!! I just got off work, ready to relax and take a hot bath
Dec 20: 50 Cent says "HAPPY HOLIDAY" to the unsigned artist- $500 cash to hottest performance of the night! Club Pyramid, NYC. 18+, 9pm, $20
No one knows everything RT : Some ppl kno everything some ppl question everything
How cool!!
your angels and gentlemen mixtape is getting me through my exam revision atm cody! thanks you!
When your best friend is driving your dealership cars 30 miles back to the dealership, and you lose her.
Half hour into Red, White, and Blue. Bored out of my mind. This better pick up.
I would feel better if my Brewers tickets for Saturday sold...
#Rockets guard Kyle Lowry has surgery, should be OK in 6-8 weeks
Good! Had a great workout. Getting close to my goal. :)
class registration and a physics test this morning.
if only that's what a SOW really was
Right on dude!
haha yeah I already know you throwing a party over there right now
nope. Changing password!
Congratulation to and Jim Hinrichsen for their first place victory in the Napa Chili cook-off! #5hundy represent!
#30 Jose's - Tampa, FL
lmfao!!! Did I just see a kiddie perm. Work it girl
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When someone asks the same question over and over again
He's a little guy but he's scrappy as hell. We're made from strong stuff. He'll bounce back. :)
Where in Clematis?
I hope you like my next one, I think its one of my best ones yet!
thank you for believing in what we do!
if someone called you a "motherfucker" and you fucked a milf, would that be a compliment?
thank you thank!
Seeing Eliane Elias's trio tonight with
What a weird movie THE FACULTY is. Among weirder things: Josh Hartnett's haircut.
Off for my 2nd carpal tunnel surguery.
Yum I'm in! Sat, June 11, 5pm at Aespo's Tables? If we're going to be on Mass Ave...
I'm starting to see the ppl that unfollowed me...lol
Just got home from 11 hours of 53rd Birthday fun @ Disney's Magic Kingdom.
Dear SanDiego- Why don't you have a train/trolley stop at Morena/Balboa? There really should be one there.
yo that "Take the Fall" record is DOPE!!
NOT A DOCTOR BUT I CAN MAKE YA FEEL BETTER N IM GREAT AT WRITING PHYSICAL LOVE LETTERS
Perhaps someone will recognize and give you a tip.
Hurricanes mad cause I make it rain on chicks, and the Tornados is piss cause I spin more whips.
It's starting to feel like a 18 cups of coffee kind of day. Hello work week, I can't say that I've missed you. ^_^
Has Evanston been caught in a temporal wake for the last decade? How have so few things changed?
2011.09.13 #Brewers 2 #Rockies 1 | Nothing comes easy / but after extra innings / Braun knocks the walk-off
you hope so
Whoa - Mike Wallace once tried to commit suicide. This Morley Safer interview is amazing.
they say real girls are never perfect. & perfect girls aren't real.
Folks that "I don't want to do business, I just want to create" are dangerous to themselves and the industry.
Re: Performance problem using API - General - Support Forums ...
AnaJet is excited to have a 800 square foot booth at this years SGIA event.
I love Vincent's smile. So adorable! (:
Limestone County Unveils Design Of County’s Tornado Memorial
Well I have to go! love you guys! GoodNight Sweet Dreams Everyone! xoxo btw thanks again for everyone who put me in there #FF yesterday! :)
I have eaten so much today
pretty weird that 2 of my boys ran into you at the most random place last night haha
Excited to see my lady!.
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Whose going to vote for us and help us get on Warped Tour?!
Judge Scieszinski: proposed JudR2.11A4 std of "rebuttable presumption" hard for judge evaluating campaign contributors in her files
Thanks, Leslie! Would love to present together! Maybe global read aloud? # lli11
please follow me!<333333
What just happened <<<
Just let me know when. Miss you already!
On this earth to ive to creature lives after lives to command them in my image and my wonderous ways.
American eagle?
I hear you on the memory thing. Mine isn't the best either. But hey we try, right?
Is a cannibal.
So much stuff to do, so little time to do it.
HAVE FUN
re: Southtown TIF community collaboration meeting
Congrats! Hoping to see you in the Burgh soon.
"I have one more person to meet but unless It turns out to be your sister, I think you've got it."
hehe I'm just all kinds of awesome right now
Gears of War 3 or nap after class?
Somebody pass my guitar So I can look like a star And spend this cash like xD
pop pop Whatz good
Rooms #76 & #43 are available tonight! We would love to have you stay with us.
Call me Lil'Wayne cause I'm lickin on your lollipop!
is it summer yet or what get back to NYC!
I agree! He's teachin Gillie the ropes!!
Going to sleep after weekend update.
- hi! Happy pre-St. Patrick&#39;s Day
just learned "smuggler" in german is "schmuggler." i love this language.
Happy christmas eve !! Christmas is just right around the corner ! Time to partyy. ;)
Thank you for the RTs and mentions!
Everyone in this house is sick if I get sick ima be vex lol
aw :( some1 lied to u when they said mustangs were cool
“ Today I am going to focus on my Blessings and not on my Problems....#positivethinking” Amen
Chargers' Mark Fabiani says he depends on local media to tell team's story and gives reporters "fairly high grades" for their coverage.
you're awesome
end of the FY - statistics time
Chime in everyone at #meetingoftheminds let's hear from you
I'm encoding a video right now.
<3 you beach house
Getting ready for a chicken fried steak showdown at with and the Wilder Bros!
D3 time with !
Monday is my Sunday
Spouses who put their partners first have marriages that last.
Running Rebels has the perfect containers & bowls for your #Super Bowl Party! You can have them for a small #donation to the organization!
i would be furious if someone cut the flow haha
There's a difference between giving up and knowing when you have had enough.
If what? Don't leave us hanging, man! RT If some retarded stupid idiotic old man scolding me for no apparent reason.
Time for
BMW hits back at Olympic VIP car critics BMW has rejected criticism aimed at plans to use 4,000 of its cars to ferry athletes and officia
Bollywood is so ready for Hi Fashion. You gotta bring your swagger to Bombay.
Interested in hearing from people with disabilities that travelled on a cruise with their service animal. Any issue?
Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet? I looked at SAK-7781 but that is marked as resolved by an unrelated issue?
Off to the farmer's market to get some fresh herbs and veggies for my vegetable bolognese tonight!
I'm so blessed :)
One does not love if one does not accept from others. - Kanuri proverb, Nigeria
Good morning #Baltimore! We are meeting for lunch today at the Hyatt downtown at 12:15. Hope to see you there...
yes they should definitely get another chance!
🍧🍧icecream and cupcake wars!!
Im gonna say yes. LOL that's really strange!
My 24" bright red Husky digital level just needs a Thrasher sticker for complete beauty.
Rainy night in NY....what else are you going to do www.kissandim.com/register (sorry guys, females only)!
I should have read the instructions on The Nueva Ring before deciding to use it instead of a condom,think I need stitches!
My flat ass chest >>>> Gwen
Oh okay!! If I come up to NY I'll give you a shout out! My sis lives in BK! I live in boring DC...lol
You can email us at , thanks
#cnndebate why aren't people talking about the Canadian boarder? There are many undocumented people that come in through Canada!
LMFAO!! Bro You Still Funny!
going for a run.
Can you message us on the myspace page and we will figure out when/where we can get you the tickets! Can't wait!!!
we also have 254 million cars on the road compared to their 53 million. We drive more and like cheaper gas.
hey me too. it's brutal.
So fuckin' hungry.. I need to find something to put inside me pronto
Just caught the Man City - QPR highlights. Wow.
NC State missed one of them, but Jason Clark's three is long as time runs out. 66-63 NC State final
Thank you SO much for the follow - I'm VERY happy to return the favor. :) I look forward to your future Tweets!
Awesome! RT : I haven't started yet, but I just saw Howard Reich and his film. Amazing! I will teach ESL/Span...
God damnit. Again.
for Boxing Geeks and Gurus it probably was a GREAT fight. For casual fans like me; Boring! Holla when May vs Paq is Reality
It's a third floor, rear-facing window; she was sitting on her back alley-access staircase. There's never anyone out there.
OH tweeting is a full time job. I can see why Ashton Kutcher works so hard.
USC students--have a great and safe Spring Break!
I love Austin <3
STILL have tickets 4 the all white party may 19th at #clubsugarhill. text NIGHTOUT to 72727 to win a pair! drawing tomorrow for mothers day
I love you.
this day after day sunshine with perfect temps and humidity is starting to get tedious.
August: Osage County. Wow! If you're in LA and haven't seen this yet, Do yourself a favor.
RT : I miss my bros// Miss you too sis!!
need a pick up from the airport?
Thanks! We'll share that with one of our readers. We have a whole list of #kosher "kitchen" questions recently submitted.
what's up??
I want a Shamrock Shake for lunch but it's raining. Sigh...
you know what a Dutch is .. Lol.
Listening to Frank Sinatra feels like coming home. It makes me glow with swinging warm fuzzy feelings :) Sing it Francis.
could you hear the MVP chant? I was impressed.
No, but Michael Mann will be coming soon. Perhaps we should have on for every episode in that series. :)
Believe in yourself.
RT : I really miss you.
Its Money Time!
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. Marcus Aurelius
and will be at the #FutureofPD Conference on Friday. Follow this handle for their discussion and to participate@
The St. Patrick Day on Memorial will be a celebration after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
And this ladies & gents is a perfect ex of why you dont put niggas in charge of public transportation
Art Rush 4-3! Set up my Wall Street exhibit at Brooklyn College. Attended my friend Ben Jones' opening at Jadite Galleries!
jetty very cool and has clean websockets implementation
If you got the general as your insurance then your ratchet as hell
One more review and I'm caught up *dances*
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
thanks! i had no idea what to expect out here. its actually really rewarding. not that i am staying, but it was a good choice
just got out of work and covered in ice cream.
On TCM they are playing a special on John Williams and Speilbergs partnership. The art of collaboration.
Tryna keep my head up. I know I'll be alright though. Im stronger then what i give myself credit for
Follow back please????
I love you pumpkin :)
Stay Positive! When I feel blue I go to the gym; if that's too much for you right now....go walking and you will feel so much better!~
Attn Uk Fans: RT : You can now buy your Thanksgiving Turkey Brining Kit at Harvey Nichols.
RT This Thursday, Answers to your burning SMM questions at the Social Media Marketing Workshop Feb.9th
Lakers getting that @$$ whoop!! Dude getting all mad & knocking over sh** lol
Why is Rory sleeping with Campbell?? I hate Pete Campbell.
Anyone know of any good #Vegas hotel deals for November 3- 6??? Any suggestions would be appreciated! Also note we are on a budget!
That's so nasty when girls go whoring around in school
lol. You know how it is....daddy's little girl...
Signed with AVO today....surreal!
Three more days until the "Absurdities Crept In"opening! Woo Hoo!
i hate this kid norris cole...
Urghh, i hate this.
Habitat answered our requests and we will be building in the 9th Ward this semester folks!!
Got me a new bathing suit
.RT Winner! RT : "Bringing home the bacon and a Benz."
30 mins and counting --- come meet the people behind Ad2 and AdClub at Mainstay Rock Bar!
We had a time last night at , great atmosphere wonderful food.
saw u on younow.com - very cool work!
Yeah #Brewers get pissed off and take it out on the baseball, like what I'm seeing outta them tonight
Holy shit. Thank you for posting my Warren video!
On to Step 2 - looking at the context. Conduct and internal and external scan
