I'm losing followers :'(
I don't know, why??
Double fact. RT : Fact. RT : The Kazoo is criminally underused
well then your sad :)
#MothersDay Idea: Mom would love nothing more than a stroll along #MissionBay & a massage from #BlueMarbleSpa! Call for details 6192241234
Listening to your material.. liking your talent. Hope you like mine.. [see next tweet]
Happy May Day to you too Babe! I wish you worker justice all year long too :-)
next to trane!
Good on ya for the follow...you're right on par
Smiling happy! =D
it was AWESOME!!!
I saw Ray Allen air ball... Being a shooter that was weird to me
having used one for 3 weeks I could argue for MBA depending on what you do
Electricians lay siege to Balfour Beatty
My dear lord....
Got my fill of Thai food and social media talk during lunch today... which means Beth is a happy girl.
Nice! Yay, enjoy your trip! Guess I'll see you next in September at the wedding... :)
Is everybody ready to kick off the Halloween celebration at The Hop tonigh? We'll be there, so should you!
thanks for the friday follow! Much love.
Thank you!
When the clock switches to 11:12 while you're still in the middle of artfully composing your wish.
Virginia Beach
Today's goals: 1 updated resume, 2 paper proposals, 4 loads of laundry, 12 important emails, and a pre-LA base tan. Go!
Thank you in advance, rockstars; love you all
Looks like Nba wants to see Heat and Thunder in Finals. So obvious ..
Good Morning.... Happy Tuesday!
hey follow me
Sat night treehouse. Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes. 10P, $5, 21+. Let's party!
Thanks for the follow. Keep chasing those dreams.
The Silk Tie likes Mark! Ties make more of an impression that schools, right? thesilktie.com
DFW is at a disadvantage “: Oh, #hungergamespulitzer is not about the book but rather a fight to the death over the..."
It's an entire tour group. Not sure all 11 of them will fit.
Apr 4,1922: #Churchill circulated memo requesting advice on "melancholy events" in Ireland.
Well I need to go on vacation ..
CNN makes the call: Santorum comes from behind in Alabama 3-way
Fast and Furious marathon on TV? o.o Definitely not leaving my couch tonight.
Relationships are like far people, most of then don't workout. Lol
James Harden returning the elbow favor. Not to the same degree but funny watching Artest complain about it.
#smwchic #MadMen pushed midcentury modern forward in our homes...lets not forget this is part of pop culture.
hehe :-) thanks for heads up! I'm trying to win 10k and I hope I won't get discouraged entering sweepstakes if I don't win it...
What's the narrative defending #walkermath from the Right? I'm curious about the logic being used there.
I time bomb
RT cogentsmile: #boonville2011 this breeders is better than a blowjob from a Slavic hooker with icyhot in her mouth.
he never went anywhere
You can do it!
It needs to snow. Its only snowed once all winter.
Head to Salzburg later this week: trying to change the world one student at a time. But it's giving blood to do it!
The magnitude of this systematic failure to simply act as ANY prudent person would is just mind boggling. HAVE to now clean house.
A guy that can make me laugh >>
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 53 to 58. Light winds.
the things ill go to war for.
I've found that a good rule is: multiply the number by 3 and bump the time unit up by 1: 5 minutes=3 hours. 1 hour-3 days.
How did it go. Do you have a link?
..I know, and I had already got a babysitter
Its almost #March! That means plenty of opportunities to watch the games with #Bartab! Come out this Friday to
I loved Midnight in Paris. Glad to see it's up for best movie
Me too. RT : RT : I have an unhealthy addiction to museum giftshops.
Hurt and betrayed... Jets were ok but he was out to hurt the packers by playing against them with the vikings Purple = vomiting
Thank you Natalie!
Blues history: Alberta Hunter recorded "Texas Moaner Blues" as Josephine Beattty No8, 1924 in NYC w/ Louis Armstrong & Red Onion Jazz Babies
The best thoughts are written down on napkins.
yeah stupid was suspended for two games and crashed his car into a tree
you can never have enough shoes.
Here comes the snow! Bro-tanks and jorts will have to wait...
I LOVE YOUR TWEETS!
I just realized that its 12:30 and I haven't eaten yet...I'm starving. I want to go to IHOP and eat their amazing Harvest Nut pancakes!
haha that's what you get for drinking to vagina!
Woo. Woo.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 6: "I have a general interest in the topic "
HuffPost just cited that Obama's team has put out a *prebuttal before Romney makes his next speech. *Kind of like greasing up for a rebuttal
Find us on Facebook!
The SB I am on cutting funds for MS sports to balance the budget. Goal is to preserve academics. Some residents are upset - thoughts?
Tell Ya Followers 2 Follow Me!! the HA[R]MONY & [B] sensation of the group
already preparing! cant wait to show yall what the Caribbean has to offer!
dale nigga hit me
I love our town even no matter how shitty it can get.
FED "quantitive easing" = inflationary. Causes cost of IMPORTS to go UP significantly. That's why goods & food cost going up double digits.
Hello Im looking 4 a literary agent are u avaliable?
is Albania in the middle east? oh. and you don't have to be from Albania to be Albanian.
That's not real.
Excellent, have fun & let us know how the Lunar festival went!
Eww! Is it wierd that I kinda want some? RT : Hippo milk is pink.
Who else are ya gonna let know? I have a whole forum for you to vent on!!
How gay I'm on my way to school.
Amazing show last night! Now off to Tennessee to record!
Can't wait for it! #TIMELESS charity and #CHAR&MEL Sexy costumes here we come!
I can't count how many times my high school coach told me to hit their QB square under the chin and make them pee blood!
thanks Erin!!!😄 congrats on
Or be an "information radiator" yourself.
Why soes my sister have to be a sicoyic bitch
Happy World Book Night!!!!
Going to McDonalds for a salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.
Should have twittered my NYC art bonanza weekend...instead, some post-trip thoughts...
wanna text new friends but girls doe....
My iPad seems to be losing time like water leaking from the sky. It's 12 minutes behind since yesterday. How does that happen?
well at least you have sense
The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership. Gerry Adams -
I don't care what it takes
Good morning!!!
But the quaint town of 23,000 -- scene of just two murders since 1999 -- had just accepted a $285,933 grant from the U
that was a really GREAT interview. Thanks! Who else have you interviewed lately?
Well alright! Send them my way!!
it's all biscuit stay cinematic:)))) thank you too!!
Bulls need to get it together!!
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time. Steven Wright - so why not drive :)
great idea to use biometric wristbands in communities to track, understand and improve health in communities
I'm so exhausted and I am craving Orange Leaf.
We saw a chain in Atlanta called "Ray's New York Pizza." I have a feeling we are going to struggle with the pizza there.
I think I'm more interested in the other 50% then
Recall the Brewers
I don't know how to do it ..Jajaja
If you don't know who Andreas Gursky is, drop everything and look up his photos right now.
Can dunk a basketball; kicked at 50-yard FG at Lions' stadium; can drive a golfball 400+ yards; and obvious baseball skills
Just relax while he tears you apart
thank you <3
I was young and inlove I gave you everything but it wasn't enough..
Are you near Orlando, and What channel at 5pm?
Remember when...I almost loved you<3
Have you been watching this?!
yes yes yes yes yes!!! did you get the ep?
ahh its the best job ever...you should def try get into it! Awhh bless :) I need to come see you guys! Yeahh I'm good thanks x
Love the pics. More of Chuck Bass please?
Hm...RT : I create positive thoughts to fill my days. I am filled with spirit, optimism, and happiness.
The eye girl. BAHA. I feel bad.
Thanks, I'll check it out!
I LOVE ELLIS
I have rediscovered the simple & relatively guiltless pleasure of making Jello for dessert. I recommend trying Blackberry Fusion!
And they are back again.. whatever deleteing account I guess?
in the house with hot off the presses copies of magazine issue #!! launch party tonight 6 pm
why do I keep getting emails about getting a ged I don't want a ged I am only a sophomore
Working outside didn't really happen, just wishful thinking. But went out at lunch. Hard to come back in.
#Terps not understanding the uniforms
thanks Mark :)
Thus it comes full circle. Teabagging CRs attempt to slander Kris Barrett for 3 emails, defend massive corruption scandal surrounding Walker
Gloria Estefan turns 54 today. The rhythm is gonna get ya.
Downtown Indy engulfed w/ couples holding lg manilla envelopes. Either lots of courthouse weddings or dreaded workplace scavenger hunt.
people from ocb are being so shady! Luke said no, no one else has let me know. Should still be fun
awww shnap! Thanks for the Mandonna love! WE love you too!
I'm into young ones. Not that I'm a pedophile or anything....
If I have to get out of my car just to end up getting back in it one more time... I will not be a happy camper. 😡
Successful day! Scenes 1 and 2 of Julie and Kieran in the bag. Shooting with Shey Flowers Tom Machell Grant Turnbull Olivia McFaul tomorrow!
Love this! Auto reply email that dude "A" is out of the office, contact dude "B," only to get a similar email from him to contact dude "A"
lmfaoo, I looked a mess that day.
hey, I've been on that ferry a bunch of times!
“: I'm gonna follow some people... Retweet if you want me to follow you”
All Packed For New York :)
This weather makes me want to watch someone else bob for apples.
#RyderWins!!! He actually did it!
you got to tell me all about it! :D
great win!
Rest is part of the healing process
No more excuses Q pick-up bball 2012 will be in full swing next week.
Meeting up with the Tejano Dems!
That is an awesome chair! Hope it has a cup holder :)
Yes plenty of sunshine today! How 'bout you?
happy birthday
DEGRASSI TONIGHT YALL :D
haha. I like them and think they have their place. but 4" inch heels are painful/stupid for daily wear.
but I'm not a person who forces myself to finish things, unless I have to for work. Life's too short to read bad books.
if someone tells you you're not beautiful turn around and walk away, so they can have a great view of your fabulous ass
Good Luck! RT : Meeting with a new consulting client!
what the what??
Data visualization definitely seems like a Mt Everest for beginners. Did anyone suggest a good entry point?
You too huh? ill see you someday also.
PROM! PROM. prom... prom? Oh and the mets just let up a runner. I feel your pain.
Thx so much for the offer! We will be there courtesy of another vendor but will definitely stop by. :)
has THE best tweets during #Raw each week! I'm sitting here cracking up yet again! Lol
Putting together a workshop on social media/ #HigherEd wonkery and policy (not teaching). Suggestions? Talking points? Readings?
#favmoviequote i dont hate you cause your fat, your fat because i hate you
I dont wana make things,i wana build an empire.
#ExperienceWA Wine much?
I take it you must be doing a concentration. I decided not to and to just move into the PhD program and save a bit of money.
Just day dreamed about senior year what fun times
who should she pick
Happy to connect with you. Thanks for the follow today!
Literally peeing my pants excited for boombox tonight, I may be the happiest person alive starting at midnight
the amount of money in the Secretariat Lounge right now for the post draw right now is proposterous
los ramblin Rebel rousers de cincinnati.
The day I made my debut into this world many moons ago...is Monday! wowzilikers!
u most don't either
I just wanna go back to sleep.
if it makes you feel any better, we're not having any fun at
For my xmas present, my iPhone 4 decided to COMPLETELY die. Anyone have an old iPhone that I could borrow/buy until I can get a new one?
u were probably the 10th person to ask that. Lol
you don't follow enough librarians and archivists on twitter :D
Ready to go back to my room, lay down, listen to music, daydream and fall asleep!
We'll be waiting!
lol ok ill take it..
Six for six on the crab shuffle.
Where you at?
Lakers are in this to win it!
I ate pancakes after my 1/2 marathon last weekend then freaked out & had to be talked out of going to the gym later that day.
lol tlkn bout the one who liked to jump on roofs lol
Rain almost killed me!!!!
Had a great script reading on Fri. Has us very excited for things to come. The gears are definitely in motion. Look for much more info soon!
I just tried to register 2 days ago. To use discussion boards, it said you had to have a approved blog. I swear!
Jazz musicians! Come sit in with my quartet on Friday Dec 16th 7-11p in Calumet City at Siam Marinam, 80 River Oaks Cirlce.
Hell Hath No Fury Tour 2nite at Bossanova - female meta bands - hope you got your tickets from one of the local bands. Support local music!
please finish the book
2 hours until frappuccino happy hour!
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
Was in publishing then went to culinary school; worked in social enterprise in US & Canada. I'm now a caterer. (Fun ride, no JD!)
I just took a celeb tattoo quiz and got every one right. I hate myself.
haha I've been working on it
Truthless lies! ;C
This Survivor season was far to predictable and a bit of a drag. Hopefully next season will be more exciting.
My brother is there tell him Hi :D
Phil Barker saw his shadow today!!!
Been surprised recently that something contains a food allergen? Tell us about it...
1. Sounds like that totally needs to go down again. 2. Bring that type of horribly awesome chaos to my bday party, thanks.
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe I love youu !! xoxo
What happened to Sonique?
Who is the best person you've been twitter spammed by? Mine is Kevin Corrigan.
Today is the GRE. My puny mortal mind shudders with apprehension.
Excited to see a bunch of amazing MKE Yelp elite tonight at the Wisconsin Cheese Mart for our April elite event!
omg what did she say
I adore your hair c:
Will you be Mi Amor? Just what I'm looking for? Dont be afraid to fly... Across the sky. ;]
liar you can't dance lol
New best practices article coming tomorrow by Find out what energy efficiency and the '85 Chicago Bears have in common.
posters right? I will work on it today :)
a big nigga? Like ?
It's the debut of a new week Good morning to you Portland!
i am just simply me
why is such a threat to american institutions if two people simply love each other?
Thank you & #FF : #FF some great education/Career tweeps:
Weapons of Mass Destruction
Adele is one of the greatest talents ever. So glad she won and is BACK!
don't forget about video promos/Q&A with Fink :) Look forward to seeing you at the Fanfest in June! Coming from bama?
This is great! twitter is going to start the race war with white people stink!
hahaha true. At least we know that the album is coming out soon and isnt gonna be on that detox status lol.
#Designstar is one of the only Fashion driven reality shows I can sit through. Fashion+business=quite entertaining
It's Juiceusary! Kaboodle Insiders got word of a sweet deal on Breville Juicer's this morning... check your inbox for your coupon code....
Cost free Cartoon Video games is excellent for Family members Bonding Time.
TY for SO and #FF!! Inspired week my friends! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
LOOL Wow you have big hopes
he's like way into Rip n Dip. When are you coming by the office for hugs and duck throwing.
Piece by piece into the measure of your flesh.
And don't show the 'vomit' draft to anyone. RT : Dont take rewrite notes from strangers.
gmyh was gonna come out today :(
I know the future! will follow me tonight and retweet this!:D <3
The Battleship director seems crazy as Fuck ...
Fact: Stefany of 13-MONSTERS is a classically trained choir singer. Now ya know.
#school OH THIS IS #SALTY. :D
i just think she needs more experience and she will be good just matter of time:)
Me too. Im gonna stay positive though! :)
PSA: For most of you in the U.S., remember to set your clocks back one hour tonight!
My name is MCA, I got a lisence to kill And what's the time? It's time to get Ill!!! So sad 😥
Is at the 95 year old Japanese mountain palace drinking saki with Megfred
this fucking professor makes my blood boil
Go to court, go to court, go to court...
I understand that you don't wanna RT my dream but I tried..I LOVE I aM mE Crew
Oh, Megan, we were all really worried about Don
Heat wave is crushing the garden and vermicompost. Placed a hunk of ice and lots of wet newspaper in the worm bin this morning. Any tips?
It's creepy for a company to publish stories from anonymous people who claim to love products while they're the fan of their competitors.
follow me back. And i will let you know who I am.
"To direct attention in one way precluded all the other ways." #aimstech12 How do we reframe the conversation?
Interesting characters at the DMV...people watching at its finest
I have JUST found out about burnt ends. I love charred meaty bits. Anywhere near Sacramento that serves burnt ends?
Feed the ball to Coppage! #uww #staggbowl. Or get that call....
My cousin did an ammaaaazing job drummin it up at the percussion day times!!!
Weather, you better not ruin my trip!
Co-write with the sibling..looking exciting!
Sometimes I feel like I'm living in a really cool indie film.
Yeah totally what do i need to do
Have a couple snoffledorpe cookies and a couple platzgangers. You'll free so much better. :)
You look like u could be black and mexican or somethin like that.
SD's #humantrafficking guru & rescuer Marisa Ugarte talking with today for a show to air in May.
Fresh baked cookie at the shack brought to you by: KatyCupcake
With any half-hour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself
thanks! Now if could just tone up these abs and arms...
just read a text that said i'm incredible...thanks! #random #amazingfriends :-)
(cont.) If you are looking for a special gift....we can help you!!
Good for you, Doug! I'm looking forward to reading it and seeing you in Cleveland!
RT : Q1) Im less interested in what I use for learning and more interested in what the learners use for learning.
All of you say Wade or Lebron needed to take the last shot. But look at the replay, BOSH was open. He's been clutch before. Why not?
Yeah I always enjoy seeing them. Glad you liked it :)
Why can't you see me?
How bout not taking out your best pitcher for a mediocre closer.
Yes, we Beavers fans are out here! Please fight to keep them in Portland!
Wow! That never happened for us. (Not that Verizon FiOS is much better, but tends to stay connected, at least.)
If the hood was a battlefield , ill earn stripes
Happy Friday! I hope it's a great day for everyone.
The moment when someone ur not even dating asks if ur seeing someone else
Ha! I was waiting for the first comment to show up on the Women and USIH post. thanks for reopening the wormy can! Let's not go t
Oh, I get it. It's just annoying! :)
I was drunk of love, but now im sober.
I worked backward and forward on today's NY Times crossword. Now let's get ready for some football. Go Bills!
Now you're heartbroken ,tears in your face ..
Good choice. Thanks! What did you order?
Cocaine dreams: "...indicates that you are feeling empty and devoid of emotions."
Hey Leo! If I get a monthly Pro subscription to Buffer, can I upgrade to yearly later?
cool! Where is that?
Breakfast with Mary Jules... always a good time.
if u see this RT or follow:) imma MAHOMIE!!!!!
NFL Game NY Giants 14 Philadelphia Eagles 3
hey whats up gurrrrrrrr! finally got a twitter up.
Enjoying a much needed day off!
Just checked your page. Nice beats man!
Man... The Walking Dead season two. Dang... Still not as good as the graphic novels but darn good T.V.
Going to hide some easter eggs for Luca to find in the morning!
"Keys To The City"
maybe the Spirit of Steve will provide you with something!
Happy Mothers Day everybody! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Portland local news anchors+stations have always been great advocates of SOOR + YGames. Thanks for the follow + !
It's 2:30 on my birthday, TF am I gonna do today??
Music Hip Hop Rock Art Video Helping Artists of All Genres Free Mixtape Love
ever dream twice with @ austinmahone wanted to tell him how it was
my flip flops are like 5 sizes too big. i look like a hollister clown.
Sports-free - no (but no play-by-play) any chance to add real-time tweets of traffic conditions before/after events?
congrats Scott walker
grey days make me tired
it used to be so much less complicated, they just changed the format the other day and i was like wat o_o
A midnight marauder ?
I don't like to smell like their sandwiches though, lol
Time to hit Twitter and see if any athletes need any food recommendations.
Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, Fla. In March 2012, one in every 248 housing units received a foreclosure filing
RT Life was so different when Apple and BlackBerry were just fruits!
i wanna play saturday afternoon. Cinco de mayo hoe
someone must have thrown their clock out the window.
Life Application Study Bible NLT
damn I feel old lmao
much better! Did u have a good cinco de mayo?
Watching latest video conference about the new Google Buzz!
...we know why that is. You weren't always sporty.
& Joe is going to be a daddy!? bahaha wow! 😂
can i get ur number boo
lol no no no :( RT you can do it, I believe in you :') *starts doing "we believe in you" chant*
M fresh coffee on a rainy day. Nothin beats it.
Knots were always the hardest thing for me in Scouting. I could never translate the drawing into what you're supposed to do.
I miss the Pace salsa commercials where cowboys used to say the words New York City in that accent. It's just not the same anymore
Don't forget to stop in tonight for one of our 25 featured flavors!
I have some good ass lookin followers
Fireworks, beer, bud, n sushi. Today will rule.
Trust me I'm happy, can't stand the hype when other players just as "skilled" are looked down on.
that last part matters most. Great to hear :p
Wishing a very Happy Birthday today! The man has evolved into a leader in his field of entertainment & communications. Cheers!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Many of the faults you see in others are your own nature reflected in them." ~Rumi
my $25 itunes gift card purchase thru upromise has the option for either a 6 or 12 month financing plan...
aw...how come?
#FezFriday at the Moose in Glendale messing with balloons with the love of my life
I know fans can get passionate, but throwing a beer, or anything, at an ump? Really?
Hahaha! Me too D:.
Dead serious.
New Yawk New Yawk. Ha ha. Look at all the packer fans heading for the exits. Suck it!!
I just arrived at Citrix - Getting ready for tonight's SFTA members only event. I hope we see all of our friends!
glee baby!
I'm still laughing at talking about these players and their adidas lol
Heading to 30 Rock w/ She'll be on w/Chuck Scarborough :30 on ch.161!
nice how is the traveling
join my live chat?
Sick to my stomach. fk everyones feelings. No one cares about anyone else's so I don't either.
Fashion Tip: Find skirts/dresses that work w/ and w/out tights for the most versatility!
you're such a weirdo
Going to bed on a Sunday night HUNGRY after a big dinner ....idk
Workout was on point ! ...... Jersey Mikes time niggas !!!!!!!!
Joel Ward, Matt Hendricks
I was singing Hey Jude this morning, and now somebody is playing it on the piano in the hospital atrium.
Haha Yess! They are getting the job done even if ur tweets about Texas make me sick.
HELP! Need to know what kind of sunglasses was wearing in the boyfriend video. when he's in the black car.
do? Look at his numbers that entire series compared to everyone else. Ok was 6-34 the last 5 games. Their bench stepped up
thanks! Stop back in again soon!
If you can’t feed a hundred people, then just feed one. Mother Teresa
#SometimesYouHaveTo follow your head, instead of your heart...
Say...."TWEET" for a special discount @ www.PatricksCatering.com...
Will do, thanks a lot!!
Thanks for the follow!
Twitter / Twitter buttons via
I feel like I'm never smart enough, pretty enough, skinny enough, or good enough for anyone
thanks guys!
still a little down :(
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Getting so excited planning our first annual Art Walk with during our Spring on Brady event June 2nd- its gonna b fantastic!
We've decided to go big for cookies. We'll have GIANT chocolate chip cookies on Saturday at the Hillsboro Farmers Market.
“: Girls Who Rock Beef & Broccoli's >>>” Or Regular Wheat Tims !
Do you think textbooks can be replaced in the next 5 years with eLearning content?
actually lives in NYC and reportedly is a Master Hostess. Make it happen!
thank you so much for keeping us abreast of the hearing!!
Got a suntan today && yesterday freakin hot LF outside!
How does Best Buy only have one cashier open on a Saturday?
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. -African Proverb
You guys tweet back and forth a lot.
is actively iso a PT job on Baltimore/DC Radio or SATRAD. Got a lead?
JB got a all Electric sports Car wow I did not know they made those
Idk at a party. Chilling but people are getting stopped and attested.
#TPDL2011 extended the submission deadline for tutorials, panels and workshops to February 18, 2011
A nigga at HALL OF FAME gettin tha dome chopped up so a nigga will be brand new for #TWITTERTHURSDAY TWERKTEAM at ENDLESS
I miss and I just saw her.
- so you were, like, six when you recorded it? ;o)
nice dude! What caliber?
hey its me mary w. from school, please follow me back. =)
Who you are determines what you see, who are You?
remember when twitter first came out, everybody thought it was pointless remember the commercial of the family tweeting in stead of talking?
: riely loves his sisters and brothers
Phelps is phenomenal. Number 8. Wonder if anyone will still be watching the Olympics now that he is done.
Just can't keep fans away from Indians-#WhiteSox games, whether they're in Cleveland or Chicago. Avg. attendance is 13,253 through 5 games.
finishing up Jersey Shore :( so sad!
Ur funny bro
I'm bored so, tweet me a singer/band and i'll tweet what i think :). COME ON !
Three followers short of 500. Tell your friends!
Firehouse Subs. We don't work with TGIFriday.
A friend of mine wants to do one, can I make one and send it to you?(:
That awkward moment when your brother is having sex with his girl & you can hear the bed move. Lmao... Oh lord ~
no you're making alex's phone buzz! hahahahaha
I love the shower
is like the dad I never had.
Is it not scary that I can type any student's name into the directory on the MU app and find a phone number if it's listed
Good morning ;)
Couldn't DM you back but thanks for the messages. Have a great Sunday...don't forget the sunblock!
I bet you are an awesome mom!
game day...get focused !
Not on the West Coast. Just sitting down to a yummy ham dinner.
hm boring?
please follow me I LOVE YOU<3
Don't forget to wear GREEN today!!
TONIGHT THE DOPE PARTY CONTINUES www.dopela.com Early Arrival Suggested
The Fifth Down: Giants Say Adrien Robinson Is the Pierre-Paul of Tight Ends
I can't wait to see everyone's facebook photos of flowers at their desk from the "BEST BOYFREIND EVER!!!"
Get at me nigga!
there might be a storm here, in Vegas/henderson, Nevada
Adelaide: "I'm a pretty girl! I want Violet to see!" Steph: [Looks at friends and laughs] "Shortbus."
so I'm in appleton at a martini bar and I wish it was closer to home cuz I think we could have fun
had both but kept Droid and bought ipad for the fun.
thanks for follow (:
I woke up with such a bad migraine, and my eyes are swollen from the lack of sleep.
when u grab them J's for me they're yours!
Oh this is good. The artful dodger will have to step up his game.
#itsawkwardwhen you in the house in your boxers and somebodu come in unexpectedly
2 things to be excited for. Sox sign BobbyV and this cooler weather!
Welcome to the Brown Center’s new feed! Follow us for the latest #edpolicy research, news, and commentary.
Workout then home to watch .
What if we artists use our lulls to establish healthy routines to support us when we are busy working?
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Think too much and you will create a problem that was not there in the first place.
Thank you! Great group here >> RT : #FF Women to know >>
revolution aint a game, it's another name for life fighting
That AWKWARD moment when most of my teachers & assistant principles tell me that im beautiful that most girls are jealous of me.
My family is so dis functional its and it's terrible in this world now we should want to stick as one like sisters but nope we all got probs
I forgot if i'm testing tomorrow .. Ehh, I'll find out in the morning cx
Juan you think anything dealin with alcohol is winning you need help. Lol
Boston's going to the leastern conference finals
#wouldyou pull me closer to you while we are dancing?
Hehe, well, just for Verizon to replace the battery under warranty. I guess the battery went bad or something.
Q3 start following a few people, and you'll find more who interest you
They tryna get it cranked up at these auditions .....mad dese nutz
ha you're retarded
Nothing gayer than a French police siren
lmao I have never looked at your ass before 😏
My thoughts and prayers go out to Owen Pickett's family-he was a great public servant and just a great guy, period.
new cell phone w/ 2 year contract= free. new battery for 1.5 yr old cell phone $41.99= ridiculous.
with a huge Win on my birthday my day ends well thank you guys!!!
DAMN MY STOMACH HURT!! I HATE FEELING SICK
argues for corpus approach to media analysis
Thx & LP followers 4 warm twitter welcome! I'm new to twitter not PDX Been lucky 2 to help lead this great KGW team for 13yrs!
I now understand when asked what I was watching tomorrow night.
Good morning, Minneapolis! Gonna talk #librarianscode with the #usain12 preconference in just a few.
What up world Gm, long day ahead of me
House of bread in anchorage is awesome !!!!!!! Happy mouth!!
You cannot solve a problem with the same mind that created it. — Albert Einstein
Spent day in London photographing Sir Christopher Wren buildings - favorite architect; discovered many other jewels + new tea at Twinings
Does anyone in NYC have a church fan tht I can have? A friend needs for a photo shoot
as of right now the alliance is still together but me and mike bonded a great deal last night. A great deal
lets just keep tweeting #LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 before the day ends thanks!
Thunders G James Harden wins 6th man award
About to head to the ATL before going on to PHL. PA, PROM, and then Boardwalk Empire this weekend.
it's been bad for me too. Everytime I say "This is it" I end up eating more haha
FlatHatEnt Presents: 4th Friday's at Capri's Lounge Grown & Sexy Affair..... #Come clean or dont come at all
In addition to reducing clots, it has been suggested that regularly drinking green/black teas can lower risk of heart disease.
Wakes up, grabs bong, turns on 2k.
Makin a REAL late Easter dinner.
Migraine-ville.
ready when u r nigguh
Kumbaya and BS. What a combo.
i expect great things from u man ur skills are outta this world also u happen to be cool as well haha
Turns out that customer service telephone reps are overly ecstatic when you use your manners a bit. But really, who isn't?
can't wait to create beautiful hair all day Aveda 2! <3
Dear , I love your fuzzy wallpaper and ecclectic decor. Please don't ever change. K thanx.
Yeah, I thought ippudo was too salty and the noodles were only ok...
Stevie johnson has more ceiling than fitzpatrick
Audi A4 loaner was alright but it felt cheap compared to my car. Happy to have my baby back.
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude. ~Cynthia Ozick
• Phillies on right now. First spring training game!
RT ***Time is running out *** Hurry into TEMA! This is the last weekend for TEMA to pay your sales tax. "No TAX Days" will end May 2, 2011.
BIG BOY moves by bosh finally!
please tell me when and where. This is a must see. I'll buy two drinks. :)
I like them dipped in beer.
In 1980 I saw the SD Clippers with Lloyd Free, Swen Nater, Marvin Barnes, Jelly Bean Joe Bryant, and Bill Walton.
I'm a recovering realist, so I'll take it.
get any fun stuff yesterday?
Good without this morning... 20 more lbs to go then cutting
Thanks! (And amen.)
Stop worrying and thinking about things you can't change… Maybe then you can be happy for once
enjoy your birthday and enjoy a massage for me!!!! That's a direct order ;)) lol enjoy your R&R ....
I stay up night and day thinking up stuff he might find funny
BYU doesn't have the legs to run with Iona. Maybe Brandon Davies isn't the only guilty man on that team.
do you run the 400?! my brother got 2nd place in states last week
Let's please make this happen. I have at least 3 books to get thru. It'll go way faster w/fun people & truck food.
Nathan Ryan in substream magazine !!! <33
All done filming. Had great time. Now it goes to editing. :)
who is Barney marrying?!? ;-)
you be my slowpoke grrl.
Trying to convince my mom to let me go to #playlistlive so I can see and HELP ME GO PLEASEE!!:)
Dude where have you been at ? .-. You have gone missing and shit ..
I'm currently watching the #Brewers game from today on DVR. Travis Ishikawa was just walked intentionally.
Did you find those balls?
already did, just didn't want to put it out there lol
Shout to those new reds that just came out
None of it matters now because I don't want him. Not the way you think, not the way I used to.
since you are from Wisconsin, does that make you a Packer Fan ?
The moral paradox presented by Groupon in their ads is amazing if you think about where Groupon came from.
Today's stat of the day: 37% That's the total % amount of my original weight I've lost in the last year.
My newest task? Building my own webpage... stay tuned... soon it's up!
So glad to hear that. If you enjoy following us on Twitter, feel free to join us on Facebook @ www.facebook/ProjectLookup
Watching Storage wars til I K.O
Lets have a poll. Who likes it when their partner tells them they're f-ing someone else in their bed?
Agreed With the continued growth of mobile and the app store, we will see more of this. DrawSomething: 50mil downloads/50 days!
#VisualEffects goes to #Hugo #Oscars I'm sorry, #HarryPotter, I was rooting for you.
Thanks Rick/Kathy@ HEB the $37 2007 Silkwood Petit Sirah blew my head clean off Glad had extras. Jammy peppery tobacco finish Best I've had
he's a single father with 6 kids. Has to be hard.
Who!!!RT : Fighting in Denver sept 24... Mark your calendars!
miss u too
This was about someone's mom who just died, not you. They died unsuspectedly. So yeah.
hey are u ever ganna give me my imagine? Just wondering
Thanks for the follow! :)
in other words, "maybe?"
rain rain hurry up& go away so a baseball game can be played today! ☔
My relationship with Hamlet is quirky. I know it from seeing and reading it but I know it best because of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
and aren't they creative, tech smart, entrepreneurs also ?
Drop by and see us today; we'll be closed Saturday and Sunday, December 24-25.
Raven Symone came out of the closet ?!?Wow, who would've guessed?
not all of them, also teach people to be themselves
They can't wait! Let us RT you boob.
ok seriously you'll do great!! And yes she would!!
figure it out mike
no! Are you?
It's SOO screwy! I'm sure it makes your job harder.
Hey NYC Lovers! Sign up for , use promo code FCDNYC, get $5 free to spend at B&J and raise $5 for charity!
WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME?!
Good morning. Yes absolutely 100% Blessed, no doubt. Have a safe trip, keep in touch ;)
I just heard you guys are coming to Raleigh soon, it's an awesome studio.
In 4 hours my weekend begins!!! Can't wait!
U can call it dom....condom
Missed every 10 footer I saw, stuck behind a group of 35 handicap senior citizens, broke another tooth. Walked straight from 13 to my car
congrats to welcome to the family 😃✊👍
thanks for the #mm! We appreciate it :)
Blocking all emails that have the words Valentine, Chocolate or Flowers. Take that, Hallmark holiday.
yeah except if the source link is broken or bad via original pin then all repins lead nowhere
seems like a lot... did you actually eat a hamster?!?
noonee is ever awake
Dudes are dumb !
My knee locks up sometimes and apparently it's because my knee cap gets caught on a muscle.
*High 5* *Kisses on the cheek *
so excited for you babe!!!
“: . *Breaking-character* You're an asshole. Stay in character or get lost. Seriously.” /exactly.
Great idea Joe! ": I say we do a #SheHeChat from Seesters one of these Thursday nights when it gets warmer. "
Woke up with a little sand in my mouth this morning.
it's on all day I believe?
Jeffrey Maier reaching over the wall to help Derek Jeter's "home run" against my Orioles in '96. Awful
Editorial: Increased educational requirements for local police serve the public&#39;s interest
ok cool
my bike just got stolen. blue trek 7.1 with yellow 'bike PGH' and 'bike hair is sexy' stickers. shot in the dark but might as well do APB.
Just... don't...tweet about it again. Please. Next thing we know, The Milk Fic will be trending.
ugh still working on that. I'm hoping to figure that all out by the end of the week. Did you start w the Buccos yet?
(*)i'm nOt ShY..i JuSt DoNt LiKe YoU!(*)
MT: : Matteo Gulfi: "Natural wine is vinegar." >>Let's hear some other voices! What do YOU think?
Ready to leave work at The WKU Store and find #beef for lunch!
She texted me and said my hormones are goin crazy and I want ruffsex. I texted back bitch I ran a mile today throw me some throat I'm tired
lol..but not really. Probably getting fired.
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken for flirting:(
I'm still alive but barely breathing. Praying to a god that I don't believe in.
you have mentioned that several times. Now, let's stop arguing and start working together to end homelessness.
It's Billick, bro ;)
Not in a good mood today!
In Everything Give Thanks... Thank You For the Hard Times. Thank You for the Good Times... I Thank God Now, for he is Good!
Very inspired right now
I cant understand this asshole
Nice to be back playing men's league again!
MUCH LOVE SHORTY FROM THA O.G N HAVE A GREAT DAY. CHECK ME OUT STRAIGHT OUT OF DALLAS...
still have power. so im gonna take this opportunity to take a shower, use the bathroom, and watch the movie
Yes! I will do it before class tomorrow.
Very pleased that we will be welcoming to our staff later this month. Now officially sanctioned by his predecessor !
choimhthioch labhirt teanga is hard to do with muinin if you are just dtosach so its a good thing you have a connection to RapTV.
it's at the YMCA in penfield. They have an outdoor one too. Love that gym!
Tai Chi flow....that was fun
am I the only one not watching the eagle cam?
You know it is going to be a good day when you have a dream about <3
great project brother. i hope #SHEEZYTAPES gets the attention it deserves. i rocked it on the drive home too!
good on you! Let your dog poo all over your own property without picking it up but leaving it on public property? Not cool.
“: Thanks for always having my back and loving me! We are pure weirdos but biffles for life.” awe love you BFF
Party! RT : Tix to our 2nd Annual event have officially SOLD OUT! See you Tues, come hungry! Thirsty too!
You can do what you want to do, accomplish what you want to accomplish, attain any reasonable objective you may have in mind--no
to spank me.
Where are ya in the world?:)
Gettin ready to watch
A week from now, I will be playing in the first match of the season for the SJTL. Spring outdoor tennis bears little resemblance to indoors
Believe in me, 'cause I believe in you.
It doesn't get more straight raw gutter gutter street NY rap than UncleMurda...
4 more days til the book signing. I'm all ready to go. I just need clear skies.
After the launch it will become clear why our avatar is a mobile phone
2nd Samuel Adams 'summer ale'
. I like Hickson, and he can be a solid contributor, but "dominant force" slow your Fresno roll kid.
I miss you girl
spots available for 2 this Saturday??
It would be so helpful if I could read Japanese right now ...
Are you a member of NACUBO? I am doing a session at Midwest EDUCAUSE on CIO/CBO relationship with a CBO. NACUBO too?
Holy cow. is nearly funded and we're only half way through. We were going to do several KS campaigns but we may only do one.
We're here at the serving up Pulled Pork & Brisket. Come get some grub and drink some brew!
text me back? please?
My bus got overrun with 4 year olds! Like 40 of them!
then I'd have to worry about her either killing me, or ripping it out haha :)
Your circumstances are opportunities to create your destiny
isn't my baby floyd fighting tonight ?
I love how happy my boy makes me!! (:
#ValleyLeadership thanks you for creating these amazing videos!
same here
Can't wait for dinner tonight !! With and others. Thanks bring on the risotto!!! Yum
good to have u in la!
concuss your head!
When a guys tells you,your beautiful and he is really cute & has alot of girls on him.He probably just says that to each one of 'his girls'!
Nothing makes my Monday morning brighter than emails and messages about lives changed at ! Honored to be a part of it all.
psu book prices not up again...so frustrating!
It all comes to the surface eventually.
I don't care about the Celtics.
yes. Excellent way to boost revenues
Happy Friday too you! Have a good weekend!
yeah! Keep it up !! Lets go #Pack9 :)
Thanks for the follow!
Hamilton will steal a police van and have a pic taken with it at every ballpark he homers at. And sends them back to Valchek
ART Station | “2012 Children&#39;s Summer Performance Series”
Cool morning. :) 
your the besst :D
Wear my scarf today since im get my hair done tonight.IDGAF
Become a Health Insurance Agent with ANAE - Help us bring health insurance to Indian Country - join us and make a difference
great show, keep up the great work...
haven't yet. May do that today!
great read Matt. I'm boarding a plane in 30 minutes. I think I'm going to ask the pilots to turn off their phones :)
Lol": blowing.....idgaf.....right in front of the job..."
My favorite piece of gear that I own is....
I love chocolate covered raisins..<3
you can just eat your own shit
my favorite word is: salacious.
Yay! Ordered all my transcripts for my transfer. Now I'm going to bed.
LMFAO!!! Must be massive knockers then! :P
It's national Spaghetti day! Come have some!
My cousin is getting ready for her formal!
Thanks to for covering MYC presser opposing AB481 this afternoon.
Thanks so much for the follow. Like your ws. Simple and to the point.
You're a big liar, liar-rreah!
what's up ? Good to be on campus ;)...15th and Wells lunch today
I need to play golf soon
Not sure. I've read "On Writing" and some of his short stories but none of his behemoth novels.
Who cares as long as they beat the crap out of each other! 3OT would b nice!
Aw its over.
We all have our quirky sides.
Matt, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me.Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
Oh. Well I hope it sells for oodles.
You can catch me saucy in my Barcelona jersey/santa costume at santacon tomorrow
Love the braids! I love to do updo's on day 2 hair! :)
“: awe don't worry we'll get weird soon hehe 😘😉” u know I can't wait 😉😘
LOL, I'll be sure to make look very nice and clean just for you. :) Interiors, carpets, buffed, etc. #perfect ;)
5 Extra Useful Apps For Music Fans (Hypebot)
To soon
today when i get off maybe? i need his smile and laugh in my life...he always makes me happy!
haha too much! I'll never forget it.
To be continued...
Going through Orlando! wonder if we'll run into
Thanks for the RT!
Q re: dealing with off-the-record convos. A: Make sure the person understands that you're not a counselor.
Facebook expected to hit 1 billion users by August of this year.
Whats The E-mail To Send Beats?
#ORSPartners just joined Facebook! Like us!
one week until I go to Canada!!! :D
good times! No baseball this year?
excited to see you today! It's gonna be a partayyy(;
Thanks, let me just talk to my new best friend Billy Payne and see what I can do for you.
whats up homie! It was really good seeing you last night, we need to make that happen again but this time on purpose lol
As of June 16, I will no longer own NachoFilm.com :(
Yea so its on so dnt act funny when yall get the dog shyt beat out of yall and u lose the bet
O family feud....
Donna Summer's music helped so many #lgbt people, especially youth, through difficult moments. Thank you.
Casey Kotchman is a good pick up, but he's a career .268 hitter w 59 homers in 8 years. Don't sell him as the "bat" we've been waiting for.
Last-night was weird & fun but this morning was even weirder, waking up to "Cheena" my friends pet spider monkey sitting staring at me!
Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney believe English should be the primary language used in schools.
": Why do I only think of cool sayings after I've seen em on a Tshirt?? ;-/" !! Totally. I hear you!
When people waste your time &lt;.
your boy is about to kill himself in the library
need sum luv from u boo just cants stop thinkin about u.
Getting ready to watch some awesome derby tonight ! Bringing knitting for a great combination.
How is everyone doing today? cause I'm straight up bored and have the mondays...someone change that?
I'm watching the 40 year old virgin this movie is too funny
#1ThingIFindSexy buying brand name even when supermarket alternative is cheaper
Hungry but too lazy to make food. Oh well.
Don't feel like cooking for the Holidays?Book for your Holiday event! Sweet and savory all from one place! 312-545-0951
Lets chat about this in the next few days and try to make something happen.
yeah man.
That would explain the previously inexplicable contract extension.
Fall farmers market is a great way to start your weekends. Don't forget we are just off the Monon.
cool, thanks! RT Thanks for the follow, followed back! :)
the Rattlers are counting down to when we can see in theatres tomorrow! Number 1 spot here you come!!
I dunno why I just thought of this, but if the Rangers make the finals, they will have beaten 6, 7 & 8 and if LA does, they beat 1, 2 & 3.
lol, she wont listen though ...continue to vibe B;)
....well maybe we can do it with your help :)
Happy Star Wars Day!
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
Just got confirmed
Monday, Monday... here we go let work people... let short week...alot of things to look forward too this week.. class and the gym today...
looks like a cool dude.
Please follow my other account , I tweet from there most often, and I follow back just tweet me xx
When you accept your decision to follow the path of being an artist the first & last things you should do is associate with creative people
I am coming through Conroe from Beaumont to College Station on Tuesday between 10 and noon. You going to be around?
Possession of material riches, without inner peace, is like dying of thirst while bathing in a lake. - Paramahansa Yogananda
#HappyBirthdayBrent (: ": IF WE TREND MY BIRTHDAY I WILL BE THE HAPPIEST EVER!!"
Fanny pack: check. Brand new iPad3: synching. Starfleet uniform t-shirt: check. Inform 7 lesson plan: check. I love packing for
I love what's going on in Hollywood right now. With all this talk about changes, tell me, how do you feel?
This woman is all about courage. She was kidnap'd and raped 2.5yrs ago outside her salon. Now she's holding a fundraiser for Golisano kids'
#Pens need to get rid of Lovejoy
Wednesday should be great o_O (sarcasm intended)
Body massage?? Yeah I #need that pronto!
so far so good! We used a local TN company, I do not recommend them!
Claudia, are you ready to evaluate the SPM data mining suite?
Thank you for sharing such a fantastic view with me this afternoon! Very excited for the DFG!
please follow me.......
": Tatt your whole body you don't give a mutha'fuck you say? #OHyoumustbecool" our just stupid
WHO? WAIT WE'LL FINISH THIS TOMORROW. Loves ya nite! tell peeps im back. and........idunno just tell them im back
I don't care who wins I just don't want it to be the heat
just noticed that the leopard print limo lives in west LA.
so.stabby. need.chocolate.
Happy birthday Mare! You totally lucked out on the awesome weather today so go out and enjoy!
can not believe diaz did not come to the fight I have a fight tomorrow and would never miss it
Joe FTW RT : THIS. RT I have never been more grateful for Joe Biden's inability to stop himself from talking.
Mosquito bites...
so that must make me a CasualAcquaintance--
Wadup everybody? Do ya boi rite here a favor and follow me on twitter
#IfOnlyICould tell you how i really felt about you !
. So sorry for your loss, and yes, isn't this every parent's biggest fear -- losing a child? UGH. Never goes away.
Thanks for a great day of Hill meetings promoting vision and eye health programs at #CDC and
Should I be concerned about trying to remember something that I didn't know to begin with? More writing, less talking!!
It's just a shimmy and a shake.
This fantasy baseball seems pretty crazy with the offseason changes made. I always say that, but it seems especially true here.
Dangettttttt! . I have strep!!!!/:
Looking forward to my next shopping trip now that the construction is over!
Apt description embittered and despairing
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1995 Rapper Eazy-E died of #AIDS at the age of 31.
My boss told this Mexican family, "my Spanish is as bad as your English."
will do.
cut and dry and to the point! Love it
Going to get ready for the mall! Cant wait to get my new #TOMS and new shirts from #Aeropostale! New music video tomorrow!
Not sure if the best moment of the day- watching the little girls chase the #chickens, or them telling me about it!-
happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday :)))
Bitch you mad at me now? Go fuck yourself cuz I was the last friend you had but you chose to have none
that is a great mivie, but dont think my baby would like it. Prefers elmo.
I rested quite well today. Busy day tomorrow!! :-)
“: Decided to go to Torchy's instead. Can't handle PB&J today.” Good girl :-)
North Carolina u dum.
Hope you're right about UVa being a 10 seed (as opposed to an 8/9 as some folks still have).
You've got a submission! As promised. Steeling myself for the rejection. Be blunt. I can take it.
I know it's winter in Los Angeles, but it's quite cold in my office. But that's just management trying to murder us.
Now Chris Brown has a few more reasons to hide his head in shame.
Drive time tonight, where will you be? You should be at your radio: AM560 KLZ from 5:30-6:00. Some don't-miss hot topics on tap
Nevershoutnever and Owl City. i love you
#DailyRebellion (courtesy of ): Catwalk everywhere U go, as if the world were your runway. In other words, put the bass in your walk.
Baby I can't be with out you.
Greetings & thanks for connecting with us! Comedy is good for one's health...where can my clients go to laugh and have fun? ~Linda
you is a real DUMB AS !
First exam abroad tomorrow...
thanks for the info. I'm out of ink.
Did you really send that message or was it a SpamBot?
Welcome back to Twitter. I hope school and the VA are treating you well.
Finally started tracking the drums for the new album. As slow as we are, this could mean a release by next Christmas, :-P
clicked the link because im at school;) hehe:p
I love you so... *cough* *cough* ...hold on I'm gona get a drink, I will finish that later <3 no just kidding. I love you so much! <3 :D
No matter how old I get I still love me some lion king but still can't watch simbas dad die 😥
lol ya you better love colt he is freaking amazing
Theta received gold recognition for Leadership and Service/Philanthropy!
"She had a tan line... on her ass hole, bro." "Wait, what were you doing near there?"
I'm going for the Dodgers against Arizona. Lol
Am at the cusp of applying for positions. Not talking to third parties particularly. Need to contact orgs directly.
#NBA2012PLAYOFFS Do you #Follow #CLIPPER ? #Follow now & GET READY to ROCK the #PLAYOFFS w/
More rain delays...
Oh happy day! Ok, I'm lying to myself.
You expect your close friends to always be there when you need them...well ig i dont have any
“: #Leo's favorite quote "I'm right, you're wrong and there's nothing you can do about it."” so true 😭😂
ha! sounds like a winner
How do we change Asperger's Disorder from an invisible to a visible disability?
Break time at #CloudFairSeattle -- Tweet us who YOU are chatting with!
Getting paid for it, or you stuck on your own?
Lol.. How many times have you heard this when someone is interviewing you "Well, we've run out of time... do you have any questions?"
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.-Napoleon Hill
why did the engaged users and talking about metrics become the same? I liked be able to see how many photo views or video plays we had.
This Mifflin is for the boys. Not for me but for the boys.
We will just have to see what happens. But i hope the do beat Oklahoma haha
The NJ Nets' break up with NJ causes sales of ice cream and tissues to soar in the Garden State
Saints Johnny Patrick will be on Sports Radio Show "Overtime" tonight @ 10pm on
State law requires defibrillators to be at every public school. People no longer have to be trained to use - they are designed to be simple.
I think Paris is a very romantics place *-* I like there
HA! I saw the list. Just another reason this country is in awful shape and declining rapidly. Good HEAVENS.
Thanks kindly
Not too obvious, just too terrible. Haha.
will we see a scene together?!?!?!? Nothing would be hotter
it's a good one to live by.
Take a look at Petrarch and thanks very much! =D
Rule number one: you do not pick up singles at the club if someone is making it rain.
My 17-yr-old raised >$500 for at a gaming tourney advertised through social media. Does that count?
“: First time using the butterfly pull-up during a WOD - total game-changer! Watch out Fran. #CrossFit” get some!
happy birthday <33333 love ya!
Ugh...2moro i gotta do work...on math...i suck at it..but at least its easy (:
Milk chocolate Seegars, root beer lollipops sweeten dad day. WWW.sees.com
Keep your Weather Radios on tonight... there's a good chance they'll be going off during the early am. (Rats, I was hoping for sleep)
Technically 69th best in the country. Goddamnit, I'd love to be 67th.
#HonestyNight im watchin this bake pop commercial & really considering buying one
Just had one of those "have a break down and get a pep talk from an audience that is only your friends" thanku Baltimore, it's been awhile.
Where the hell is that Ferguson whn U need em ?
Sun beating this morning..
Want to reach Louisville Moms? Send me a message, I can make it happen!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! :D
try doing some studying, then I bet you will get tired!
1ST round or Elite 8, you lose, you're out! SUCK IT UNC! HAHAHAHA
I love to see the hard work on #Eng9 essays. We are all writers!
Dammit, I'm coming, Mouth Wide open!!! <3
Going go-carting
If I leave the office before then I am definitely going to stop by.
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. The second impression means the most and thats when I figure a person out.
i hate bein :-x
:) good idea
haha I wanna see that shit
When I was in college, I took a Film Analysis class. It was one of my favorite classes ever; loved every minute and got to see the Greats.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection.” Thomas Paine (1737–1809)
falling asleep <<<<<
med school is silly.
Country’s First-Ever Drag Queen Bar and Gaming Venue, Drink & Drag, to open at Neonopolis May 5!! I am speechless! Now where is my lipstick?
Who is everyone picking in the Ohio State/Penn State game this weekend?
It's said as of today, the minorities are now the majority. I think we need to come together regardless to end the race issue.
The last novel I read was The Help, a year ago. Before that, American Wife; before that, Oscar Wao. Oscar Wao was pre-Erin, forever ago.
wrong. So very, very wrong. Let us know the results. Flavor?
My 3rd show in 6 months, always a hell of a show!
Closeup of the moon...coming right up.
Interesting to see registered Dems and Reps screaming to #StopSOPA They dutifully elect the mouthpieces of lobbiests and then wonder why?
Beyond the Summit is only $.99 on the kindle. Can be read on your computer with free software.
Sounds tasty, but it's no pig head.
have fun in eire-land: lots of singing and arguments are never settled with guns, just fists and molotov cocktails!
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift? We have gift cards available for purchase.
Love showing my rental listing at 3630 Durham Ln - there's always chickens and roosters crowing! And we're in north #clt peeps, not country!
Happy May Day.
Meaningful Trip - cool travel while giving a helpful hand. Who's interested?
OMG OMG OMG I LOVE
thank you both!
Banana split martinis are the greatest. Nuff said.
u live n newyork right
are the commercials for "diabetes care club" directed toward a demographic of geriatric sugar shoveling couch slugs?
Adele is AMAZING. I admire that woman so freaking much.
seriously, i hate the clips. Floppers, bullies, and they ugly.
Start to make gratitude a daily habit and say thank you every single day for all of the miracles that are already in your present.
I'll be home Friday night! We should plan something for saturdaY night!
I assume Spike Lee stayed in his seat tonite? Not much to cheer about if you're a Knicks fan... Heat win by 22 in laugher at MSG. On to CLE.
BINGO! That is the correct answer!
just got to Chicago! IPass and , time to get thru this city!
Woohoo another win for the bulls!
#BusinessTrip RT : Doc Rivers said everyone, including Pierce, is expected to play tonight
Tickets don't go on sale until Friday though?
It was great!! Completely packed...and enough funding for four of your kiddos in Iraq :)
Lord shoot me now. Forest is in the game smh
♠ Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift ► {link--------------
Thanks for including us in your tweet!
No school today :D Thank you Battle of flowers parade!
Looking for cinematographers,camera operators & folks interested in shooting a movie. Email
I never thought people would be moving to Florida to get away from the heat.
well u see i was suppose 2 see the lorax today bt it started at 1:20 so meanwhile i watched most of mirror mirror & some HG
You bring us the world ! This is the least we can do. We love and look forward to your events! Peace and Love!
: aw....you melt me......hope your sitch is improving....my best to u and yours <3
Gmail goes down the same day Facebook announce their new messaging system!
oh gone head with ya bad self!
You're welcome
why did you delete the salvador lens etc and then make us pay again to get them back in a new pack? I'm not pleased at all.
Life has gone to the dogs
Gotta love the Restaurant Report Card courtesy of !
Constant inventiveness is America's only hope and means to sustain our competitive advantage in the marketplace!
Hmm.. Maybe I'll check them out. Right now, I think Banana Republic might be at the top of my to-shop list.
gotta fight em all, I suppose . . . STOP BLOWING YOUR NOSE SIR
What would you have done differently (for Obama campaign)? A: I would have used Helvetica. (joke)
you've seen Avengers already?
I'm in your car Billy Ocean. Now what?
didn't do anything I was supposed too but I guess it was an alright weekend
omg u and Nat look amazing together!!
i cant go =(?-puppy eyes
They look so cute :)
Having an ice cream treat with my girls at BR. Celebrating end of sba testing!
I love you best friend!!!!
Absolutely! Glad to see you guys out on the scene. Sending Good Vibes for the upcoming album release! Peace. BK
Ohh my goodness ! If you followed us back, I would absolutely freak out!!!(: -Megan
Somebody itch my back.
Money does talk. Just want to best represent the brand & optimize the format to tell our (historical) stories
Looking for a proofreader or an editor? #Follow-->> so she can help you get ready to be published.
miss all of u how was the first day back
RT RT if you're in bed
I want waffles :-)
Kinda cool seeing Serena Williams in person lol
thanks homie. I'm doing the carb back-loading thing and Ive gotten stronger and leaning up, so its working.... (cont)
what does it mean when it says "includes actual clothing justin wore for his album photo shoot" ? like legit ? his underwear or somethin ?
Who do you miss?
You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards
The fight for equality presses on -- I have several pieces of legislation aimed at improving public education in Baltimore.
good luck doe bro put on for green run
Just got finish workin out, on top of that helpin my uncle do some yard work
Anyone who watches soccer should tell me his this afternoons game went
Lmao, this guy honestly loves me. how nice.
Wow!! Does the morning get any better in the Chi!!!
ten more minutes til i can go into the loyola dance. yaaaaay
": Who has to work in the morning?? #NotMe" are you talking to
Iwould kill for my amily no matter how much we fight, argue and say stuff we dntt mean...<3(:
Thanks for following
Where in Baltimore are you? If you're in Charles St/Mt. Vernon area, I think you'd enjoy -> Good Belgian beer
Ik! That's cuz I'm stupid!!!
Time to get a Kindle! Or go to #Internet Archive or Google Books or Online Books & find many free online. T
Sounds like you and I need to have a dutch bros. and killing spree day soon.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste
#Norwood case goes "beyond hazing" according to Denver DA's office.
Commitment lends structure & sustenance to our dreams.
forever wishing i could work at Sugarscape. omg it would be perf.
No school! Working on music today.
My bros r watching stupid shows and stupid everything just like them they r so stupid (god plz help me!)
aw!!!!! What a sweetie pie!!! Mucho boy points for him!!!
Thank you these links are helpful! Google was not pulling these up.
Do Miami play tonight??
the #DCFlacks meetup group has a message board; feel free to post!
When I was younger I bought ppl CD's & wished I could work with them...now I'm grown & they are calling me to work with them!
Did I hear jive and inxpo are collaborating?
Total prelim. turnout in the #wirecall primary for governor today was 1,316,736, a 54% increase over 2010 primary. 30.3% of eligible voters.
just brought vitamin c & tea home for me cuz im sick.
you have to put the underscore. alik_rainey
Snow white.(:
I'm mad cause I can't hug my mom on her 62nd birthday!
A huge birthday shout-out to April of !! Hope you have a wonderful, relaxing day!!
The mall is bonkers currently!
: "Did I ever tell you guys I have the largest collection of pirate movies in Charlottesvile?"
... But I have nothing against fat people tho. :) I just wouldnt choose to eat that 3rd plate. But shit.. If u hungry.. EAT HOE
oh I know!! They're just so adorable!!!
City c:
Miss my Robalob and K-Man. Next Thursday can't come fast enough.
I never stopped believing! haha I am so excited though I don't think I could have watched a brewers game without
Too many ideas, no time to do anything about them. Aargh.
I need to change my handle, since I'm closing down the www.
thanks! It's rainy in Miami. Boo. :(
Unimpeachable sentiment, Jacquelyn
#ChildhoodGames Dressing up like a ghost and pelting your little brother with waffles! Sweet, sweet innocence...
“: Awh lord this girl just cranked a Grand Slam !”. That will never happen to you!! Lol
WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE! Expectation:PARTAYYYY!! Reality:Peeing with the door open...
Chapter 2012 Page 134 of 366 I love Social Media, but it can't replace good ole face-to-face interactions.
Doc and the top we shall go!
Sunday drive with Miles Davis on the stereo.
I have the same problem bro,ill be like you want some&they Luk away “ White People Always Stare At Me When I Eat. It's Not Cute.”
kind of, I stay further south
APD investigating shooting on the 300 block of Wisconsin in Ne #ABQ. More details soon.
And to us!! Let's celebrate! RT : Happy FIVE Year Anniversary to Roy's Waikiki!!!!
You'll say You Love Me And I'll End Up Lying And Say I Love You Too
LET ME GET A RT BY ALL THE #BRUINS FANS THAT WANNA SEE A SWEEP TONIGHT!
Beautiful picture.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo are believe everything they read in newspapers on the internet or hear on the radio or television....
Look for a Royal visit to St Augustine in #staug 2015 (not Queen but possibly Prince William and Catherine).
Or we could just keep you in the gangster booth to keep us company! ; )
RT : for the love of god #fastandfurious was not botched
Get ready for tomorrow night's #ColtsDocsVIP Twitter contest. 2 winners (+1 guest) win VIP seats to watch 1st round.
I'm at school now.
yep... found at some pet stores (if they have freezer). We give2 our dog on her bday... she loves it. Safe for them to eat.
You're like my favorite song On the radio, radio, radio, radio I could listen to you all day You're like a music video, video vi-vi-video
Top players from last year who will miss the list this year: Gates Wayne Charles Mathis Bowe Mangold Ryan Colston
saw someone pay their gas with an old navy card?
I haven't read any of these and I'm remembering why you are always so helpful when one doesn't know what to read.
#ASECS12 Now Juan Christian Pellicer, considering Anne's patronage of poets in particular.
hey girl howw are you and how is the prgnancy goin
Of course! Thrilled that + the men of are doing it RT : thanks for supporting
Random tweet for anyone interested, the new extras on the Grindhouse blu-ray are great. If you...are thinking...of not getting it...DON'T!
that's cool that they are but it's more than that a good story goes farther than the attributes of one or more characters.
#BounceThatAss For This Last Reese's Cup
I always just miss #AskTheDragon Question sessions Fux
"everybody just wanna play the wii, play the wii, play the wii..." // hoping is doing well :)
#Broncos should make a claim. What say you ? RT : Roster move,waived WR Blair White
ha! Say something, I dare you!
Anyone own a Kona? Looking at a Zing Deluxe but wanted some feedback.
DEBBIE DOES DALLAS
Awww you guys have a very good-looking family. =)
Thanks for the follow - we look forward to your tweets!
Cute ad but why is the government spending $3 million on the census?
justin what time do you get up in the morning
I was raised in Haiti and my mom was born there, and seeing the outporing of support is so moving to me. THANK YOU on behalf of everyone.
and that is why I love twitter!! let me know if you ever need someone to talk to, i'm always here :)
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing is invading my person space when I am in a line for something
Modern slavery: buy an education and a car to get to work, then go to work to pay for the education and car.
Brasil makes better jets than Canada. In always more comfortable on Embraer Jets than CRJs.
Happy to help!
I always get confused wondering if I accidentally started following someone.
They believe the ubiquity and security of the platform will hold up, even as more service providers eat in to SMS with Data options.
yep a hangover by 3pm sounds about right
Had a great first day training for the KB half marathon 👍
Ok.ok..ok.
what class ?
RT Louisiana House Ed committee begins debate on anti-bullying bill.
Awesome day!
god damn it :\ I've been texting you like crazy, haha >.< And I thought you needed to know. haha
complete killer. Great to meet you too!
catch up soon?
