2Chainz' music is too too quotable.
also...i thought you were taller than that.
Believe it or not, Julia doesn't get to decide. :-)
Enjoyed the last 2 weeks in Southern California, but I'm ready to head home tomorrow. Thanks for the hospitality,
Pain that you have gone through, makes you stronger person.
That's why you gotta be up on "burners" if you're gonna play that dangerous game. Just ask Stringer Bell.
oh- that stink in the alley is just an old drunk ghost
Ok. Third game. They split the first two.
Found my inspiration for my #ISTE11 presentation, Make It Work, this morning. Ready now to crate some zen presenting!
Him: What are you doing for the holidays. Me: Surviving.
BREAKING NEWS - TRIVIA AT 10pm EST - check back in for question for chance to WIN band - RT & follow
uploaded my pic :)
Gotta love summerchi. Everyone just seems in a good mood.
I suspect my children belong to an organization w/ goal of keeping me from a decent night's sleep. An org w/ a secret handshake. And candy.
thank you!
It is.
As much plenty as there is 'out there' we definitely are not going to keep doing without 'in here'!
My bitchass MKTG prof. is making us do a quiz on the day of the final as well. Yes...two separate exams.
So proud, just networked my home printer.
was just talking about you the other day! Hope you are well!
We just got home from 3 wks of traveling...TX, Louisiana, NY, & L.A. What a whirlwind! We had a great time & loved seeing family & friends.
“: i miss mr wallace” l o l WALLACE
Finally got my copies of the album from & ITS BIGGER THAN HIP HOP
I'm still down if that's cool. Any pre-hike brunch plans?
If you're not watching this Bears/Packers game, you're missing an amazing NFC Championship.
Q2 Use informal sessions to throw ideas off smaller groups i.e. 2-3 people
Lights and electricity out... Laptop's out of juice, too. Perfect timing. :(
I miss this class so much Shirlene! Meow :(
Bye everyone!!! Off to Mexico I go :) God bless
i accept that explanation!
- those are some good looking Brussels spouts. You eat um?
Joan gives students a self-assessment at beginning and end of classes. Candy as incentive.
Cry more about netflix. Your tears are delicious. Be satisfied you can get every show and movie ever, instantly. It's an amazing service.
Man that's COLD !!!
Oklahoma will participate in Region 2 semifinals today beginning at noon
California dreaming. Good thing we're back home tomorrow. The peace and quiet is killing me.
I love it! I never practiced safe USB removal until this year. People need educated about that:)
it's Internet Safety Week again. time to frighten parents into helping their kids to use the internet safely.
Anyone want a slurry of Kolsch yeast (wlp029)?
Thank god my upgrade is in june
This is impossible...
Ask and you shall receive. Maybe not when you want it, but definitely when you need it.
Money can't buy you happiness.
its so funny that every time you say "Good Morning" I am now heading to bed or have not even reached my bed yet!! lol
I get excited seeing babies
Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
first OFFICIAL day off school! :p
If the poeple in movies would have listened to me they would still be alive.
#NextFriday #someone #call #jennycraig #before #I #put a #hit #out #on #this #fatass #bitch. CieraMariexoxo
Thanks, Rannie! I've been having a wonderful day.
Fanny pack still in it! Yes!
It's finally here Summer camp 2011 registration is now open YEEEEHAAAAAWWWW
East Village Body Shop - 620 Eighth Ave. San Diego 92101 (619) 269 6372. Call to schedule a class or go online www.eastvillagebodyshop.com.
Morein: Not one response has been towards passing the resolution. People are so divided, we don't want to misrepresent student opinion.
Shame on for correlating UF budget cuts & athletics budget increase. UAA privately funded & giving $6M to school this yr!
Show got moved to 1am right after White Fence. #cheerupcharlie's
Dissappointed to hear that wave is going to be dropped. I think it is a great tool. Now I need to finish the work in progress while I can.
“: WHOLE PLANE CHANTING "DON'T LET ME GET IN MY ZZOOOOOONE!" #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
Mexico VS. Argentina 11:30am TODAY!
In PDX - Paley's,Le Pigeon, Little Bird, Beast, BlueHour, so so many great ones...
Heading out to shoot some fun looks today...the weather is crazy gorgeous...can't wait!
Bayern Munich vs Marseille - Munich dominating so far.
THANK YOU PENGUINS FOR AN AWESOME SEASON! Let's hope for a DEEPER run next season!! :-))))))))
lmao you & Justin stupid mane !
Drink Responsible!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Amazon Kindle Fire
Feeding birds? Offering water? If so, offer water during the winter via a heated bird bath! Ours has a thermostat built-in heater. Nice!
The hottest pepper on the planet!
Coming up tonight on 27 news at ten/sports. We will hear from badger running backs John Clay and James White
Todd Helton does is again with a PH Grand Slam!!!
Grindr was fun but it only made me realize how all of the #OrlandoGays have pretty much fucked each other.
yeah I saw that too. smh...only the Browns.
even better... TRT
Leaving Tom Sawyers island!!!! :)
All my work out buffs...I need to switch up my weight routine, its getting hella boring. Suggestions?
sang the most perfect vocals on the planet tonight at the Beacon. "Good Vibrations" and "In My Room" were both astounding.
ok love I'm taking you up on that offer haha I'm paying!! Also can I touch your ears?
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Glad our "What Tree Is It?" tool was helpful!
Off to punch that L.A. Fitness clock.
Thanks so much..Just released my first cd on Hope you'll check it out...
ALways looking for the next gadget Canadian-poker: Online Poker Players Dominate Live Tournaments MONTREAL--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Online poker
Thanks dude!
Who out there has ever been punished for their supreme intelligence? ( is curious)
I've come to the conclusion that I need to tweet more. So I'll start now: In Daytona partyin' it up!
it was guud I have no idea y my mom is making me start since there's 15 days left
The Rimjobs of Madison County.
I think what messes us up the most is that we all have the perfect picture in our minds of how things are supposed to be.
Effective SEO = Link location, ...tion, ...tion. Fast results come from SEO providers that have control of high traffic sites to place links
Lol. I don't either, but if you figure it out I'll definitely sign it! (;
YOU CALLED ME TODAY?.
Hey ??? Have you or ever called or talked to Kiss FM about getting song played on the radio? :))
Velociraptors have no visible weaknesses. Except, of course, explosions.
Wifey is sick... Time to bust out the paper plates.
That is a bummer.
Legit 48 hours with no sleep, I'm knocking the fuck out !
do you think it would be possible for you guys to record us an intro for our website? :)
YES! Thank you for this! I think we need to go bowling very soon :)
hehe. we just kidding. but we still love you!
The Blue Man Group said it was cool to tweet from their show, so greetings from Denver; happy birthday & Yeeehaaa!
underrated band!
Cats have 4 rows of whiskers on each side of its face. The bottom 2 rows can move independently of the upper 2 rows.
Pulse Seismic Inc. Reports Record Quarterly Results and Updates Capital ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Not even joking, my parents let my 13 year old brother drive and not me. I'm serious
You ARE going to the beach tomarrow. If I have to take you out ur little window I will
will do!
just kidden man I'm fully concerned
Thanks again for talking with us last week, we all learned a lot, and appreciated your time
While riding my bike down south lamar my face almost almost met the side of a car due to a motorist who failed to consider bike traffic.
You called me an annoying little f*ck :\
We don't know if it's true, or what he was arrested for. Doubtful he loses the season.
wa ha ha ha ha ha!
good for you both, glad to hear it
it's not too late to vote for us to win 10k from Pepsi. text 110321 to 73774 and vote online at www.refresheverything. com
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!!
My belief is that if u wake up in the morning, or in the middle of the night, & all u want to do is write, then u’re a writer. - C. Ahern
Attempting to master twitter! Technology!
she said thanks big gucci lol :)
lots of helicopters, cops and sirens and noise in #sanpedro. what the hell is going on? anyone know?
you got a point. And while the shoot hasn't netted me a paycheck...YET...it has gotten me free product!
The confused faces of my fellow physiological psych classmates are so comforting!
Woke up out mg sleep cuz I'm starving
This fat girl is talking about growing her own food !
Mexican Dude Ran Up On Me For No Reason And Pulled on Me
Austin looks so happy now that he got his braces off
I'll be there! RT : #HHAwards roll call: who else is going? Hit me up if anyone's up for a tweetup!
Late lunch
TY to my new followers. Let's get 2 know each other. I was born on Peachtree St in Atlanta. Now in Hollywood. Where R U from? Still there?
Film director James Cameron returns to the surface after becoming the first person in 50 years to reach the deep..
If you're wearing sandals with pants on I just want you to know I'm the one who spit on the back of your shirt.
Congratulations on winning the $50,000 for Muscular Dystrophy Association on the celebrity apprentice tonight, GREAT JOB!
Dont be an idiot and argue. Anwser the question. Or be like carl DONT BE IN TGE HOUSE I PROBABLY WONT LIKE YOU IF YOU ACT IDIOTIC.-A
Creepy crab man head on the wall... O_O
i wish my mom would move to jersey so i can take care of her >>>> :/
dear earthlings..
Just discovered that the inventor of the ouija board was from the Baltimore area, went to , & is buried at Greenmount Cemetery! Neat.
there was an application you had fill out&return last week. Try going to ms gibbson during lunch.
perfect time of year....
"Chicks dig scrawny white guys" -
I just took the oath and became US citizen this morning. Happy to complete this long process and proud to be American !
#BikinisSBG Albert Im is a beast - ate a whole Big Buck'n Burger yesterday in one sitting. Video... he promises... is forthcoming.
Happy pot day! Not that I'm into that kind of thing, but whatever turns your crank. Puff on, you crazy diamond.
Do you want people to present at the Boston one?
Is the Federal Government trying to control the housing market??? Yes, just like everything else America. We need to wake up America!!!
Good luck this season fellas!
Stovetop stuffing for dinner. I'm on a really good diet for vacation.
what memories! We need to come back to Paris for real! U would fall in love with this city!
At this foot doctor ugh why can't my feet be normal
Me Two and I have to leave in 10 min
you suck eggs
follower of the day is ! everybody go follow her!
Let the weekend begin....
Starting a #legalblog for a client to up their #readgeneration. We've done so successfully for #plumbers, #tobacconists, #realtors & others
Made: 1) black bean-smoked chile spread 2) curried tomato spread 3) roasted broccoli with chiles 4) multi-grain pilaf 5) meat for doggie
Anybody know if Pueblo Reservoir trails are dry enough?
What strains do you like?? :)
I want my green shoes to arrive now!!!! Gonna be a straight man rocking green suede shoes!
Should have ran PA
Final Week Event tonight! Student Art Auction at 7pm in Newcomb Ballroom--come see (and buy) some great #Art!
fine good you do?
Keep snowing!!
Not minding the #CUSE draw at all. #FloridaState and #ohiostate could be dangerous and of course they put #Cincy on our side. Not bad tho
I aint got no reason to lie
I applaud McDonalds for its coffee.
2013 Butler Target Luke Fischer from Germantown, Wisconsin committed to Indiana last night. He was in attendance for their game.
I may be the only person on this plane today!!!
good to hear. Heal up soon man. We need you!
You have Austin Rivers fallin to the Mavs at No. 17. He'd be perfect great fit but could he drop that far or would Mavs trade up?
570 followers people love me!! im so loved and thrilled thanks :)
attempting to meet with natasha(:
No credibility whatsoever
Pay to Play
Anyone close to or in Public Square. Reports are "Public Square looks like Times Square" as everyone is waiting to get into the new casino.
Hahaha more crap calls and fucked up lucky ass plays... And still won. Great job
so, two women can't be spokespeople? Or two men, for that matter?
“: #Favorite2011PackerMemories Technically I've got 15 of them.” yep -thanks guys.
no but I'm on WiFi LOL. :)
yes, yes I did. I so hope it made you laugh or at least chuckle! Aside from the boring drive, how's the trip been?
Maybe a little ugly #SKC, but that'll do pig. That'll do...
culooo this Saturday is Dariel B-day party!!! So ya tu sabe
Hello Friday! What's on tap for you this weekend, Milwaukee?
Delicious meal tonight with , Megan & Liz! Cute crab soup dumplings, rice noodles & lychee mousse were my faves.
Same here! I like to feel the pages between my fingers. :)
until Apple changes the game, I don't see how the "black box that streams" is a better option than a console that streams.
Kristen Wiig guest stars on tonight's Simpsons episode as the new music teacher, tune in at 5!
Breaking News: Jeremy Lin announces he is Running For President!
Are we listening - really listening?
im down watchu tryna do bro?
getting my new website ready to launch! look out for Saintclark.com
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
So incredibly excited for the season 4 premiere
30 minutes to relax before the nex challenge!
"We have a huge unemployment problem." engages the audience and asks about their future job prospects and loans.
We think your a joke shove your hope where it don't shine.
Working on our next review: Schneider Weisse Hefe-Weizen.
It's that time of the week... Happy #FF! We like
QoTD: "There's no such things as coulda, shoulda, or woulda. If you shoulda and coulda, you woulda done it." (Pat Riley)
That was NYC
It would mean the world to me and my 2 wonderful daughters if you picked me please?!?!
Agreed!! Great meeting!!
If your vision is big, you’re going to need some help. Like a master chef, gather the best ingredients possible.
#followmefredo and whoever loves
i was jus wit her (: now finna go get my phone and gon hang wit her and my niggahs
DOES IT EVEN MATTER? FLYERS WIN!!!!
#SignsYouCantTwerk when the dude pulls his cell phone out mid dance and texts/orders pizza, etc.
can someone please just take me to olive garden???
Three-point game. 17 seconds left. Gus on the call on Yes, please.
bc they're so hot???
If you can marry a song, then I'm for sure marrying a voice. Is that weird that I'm in love with a guy's singing vocals? :p
just posted your deal on Deal Swap.
Ha! Tried so many! all different colors! Too fun and funny! LOL Liked Sarah Jessica Parker's and Jessica Biel's were great:)
the birth scene is really disturbing though
nope!! Put ur page back up!!! Lol!!
Smell you later, DEN. Off to SEA!
Going to the #PhillyZineFest today!
Oregon state fair will be fun!
Off to the after party :)
and tomorrow?
don't want to be nobody's next big thing. we're happy to keep our heads down in obscurity, doing the peoples' work.
Lost my Raybans, I've had those babies for 3 years and took perfect care of em. It's frustrating.
Shut up. RT do it up. “ Feeling like I'm gonna cause heartbreak”
I think my nerves got the better of me today, should have had a cocktail with lunch.
Tomorrow, April 2, is World Autism Awarenees Day. Show your support and "Go Blue!"
Everything is always perfect at Hollywood Arts. (;
I feel you Meka. I always say Philly is a good place to be from. Philly will prepare you for anywhere in this nation.
I'm being kept till morning time. Luv my friends but seriously I hav things to do in the morning -_-
Raleigh date set, October 27th...team BH, here we come
Congrats to for a great charity event tonight! #CorlissfortheCure cc
Wow... that just made by heart drop.
RT ": I am happy, thats just the saddest lie"
All I want is to feel important to someone.
dramatic hair calls for dramatic pose!
you should probably know your geotrack is on. I know right where you tweeted from.
Man I dont know what this world has come to but i think I like it...
well played, Kelly.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit
Plus Full Frontal Disco night with Ryan Heffington...if you dance this is the shiiiiit!
All infra-red everything
This game is going almost exactly like I thought it would. This is the time UL needs to make its run
alexis will help you!! She loves math!
Did it hurt when you fell from the whore tree and banged every Guy on the way down?
Attending an online session about an ED.d program Rossier
If the p**sy was of a different nature, would you be saying that? HA!
Heck yeah!
I LOVE watching House in Ms.Quarve's. Dr.House is a hardass.
Hi Ann! Thanks for getting back to Kip so quickly and we look forward to hearing from Robert! :)
Hey #Acons! What do you think if a tribute to Alex Constancio? :)
RT : Nielsen research indicates Android (48%) & Apple (32%) are the leaders in the smartphone market so focus on design for them.
or just return it! haha
AAAAwWWWW!!! I do. And I miss you guys!
Like a good neighbor James Scott is there!
but if you'd told me at 25 this is where I'd be I think I would have laughed
everytime I see your name on my phone I can't help but smile :)
more stress?
Katy Perry CANNOT sing at all.
& add the perfect handbag! RT "Give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world." --Marilyn Monroe
I think the boys need a rockstar at halftime.
4 hours of sleep or so is not conducive to much in the way of creative thinking.
It's been a bit buggy. Have you had your playlists randomly be out of order?
All my followers check this out re-n-vent ft. yours truly
Have any #FSUfreshmen or #FAMUfreshmen arrive yet?
Just because you make a mistake doesn’t mean you are a mistake. - Georgette Mosbacher
IM CRYINg STILL!!!!
If only they could tell that by my scent...
Staying up for some tennis match or something. would be proud.
To get reviews, ASK. Offer to send people you know a free review copy if they will post on Amazon. Most won't bother, but some will.
RT "Real G's move in silence like Lasagna!"
22 months into recovery from motorcycle accident.....I am beginning to see that I am really going to be okay!.....Thank God!
Man, so much on my plate right now, nd I can't even eat it.. Time to get up//Life ain't passing me by .. *GOOD MORNING BABEZ*
Nearing the end of the Yamaha Guitars LL6 Giveaway! Who's gonna win?
So cold in my house
First follower. First tweet. Welcome to Twitterville.
This is exciting! I just hit 14K on Twitter! Thanks to everyone who has followed me!
To quote "little Mary" "I'm a math major. I don't do words, I do word problems"
You holding weekly's? or February's?
must be Ben's. I love their veggie chili cheese fries. My non beg head friends love them too.
I'm good , wbu?
Strategy never wins against day-to-day fires and operations. Urgency outweighs importance.
There is nothing wrong with wanting a life partner. We are social creatures and require connection to others for survival.
We could be the perfect couple, we're just not in the perfect situation.
is gearing up for the Holiday hustle and bustle for imprinted promotional products. Are you ready?
Wow. 0_o NEVER knew there were so many "Expert" Marketers on Twitter.
One more hour of studying and I promise I'm going to sleep
<--- is thee most difficult person to text lbvs
IRON & CARDIO TIME!!!
I misspoke. Its Alief Bang thats reopening this weekend. not S R & Tapes.
I need another hobby other than Twitter.
Now that the studio work is done for now we can focus on set writing time. Wonder what we should play
Sleep doesn't like me
good session
lol.you are a trip D:)
Q3 via What have you found that is undiscovered in a place that is already very well discovered?
email your address to and I'll send you a list of prize books to chose from
#mobwives v #rhonj - soo much Guido in the same hour! Sunday night couch bliss
How we suffer for our art. How'd the callback go?
Catch Eclipse Movement at the #heightsfest at midnight!
looking forward to working with you one day sir!
Swimming today was amazing I love combining laps with turns and water gymnastics!!
"Cause you've been hurt before I can see it in your eyes I can see it in your eyes; baby I can ease the ache"<3
I think so. Atheism has gained currency as a distinct, affirmative identity. Different than non-believer.
Which in turn hurt cause that was my version of love, I care
Words of #Wisdom! “Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” Dr Seuss
haha it's a quote from our book
yeah, but how many errors does Hamilton have? Huh? Huh? Padres got him there! Ha!
Ahh thanks for the suggestion! 👍
looking forward to having you tonight ! any questions please email
If I wasnt with my dad earlier I woulda been like where my money bitch. Lucky it's only 5, puto.
“: Jose Reyes has 12 stolen-base attempts in his last 49 games, dating back to mid-August of last season.” have fun Miami
Michael Murff of Paypal wanted to send money-LIVE-to a conference attendee who has never used Paypal. That would've been cool!
Next time holla at me, I've got clippers. Can buzz it real nice for ya lol RT ": Time for a haircut, I needed this ASAP"
yours r momz?
Heat fans that became heat fans when Lebron came <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Has there been one debate in which Newt hasn't slammed the moderator? Imagine this against BO?
oh I bet you are
" Happiness is not a Destination, It is a way of Life. "
it's different! The morning WODs are harder ;)
haha no problem hit me up if u ever in da okc haha
"Ew, I'm already sweating!"
I don't even remember applyin' for nothin!!
I had a hard time with the 15 minute test. The name fits
Chen Guangcheng puts Wen Jiabao to another test on his call for political reform.
peace out!!!
I swear when you licked the Hershey I went crazy blushing . ♡
Since when did winter start?
Save some BBQ for me. I'll be down there tonight!
Thank you for following us!
Sam Riggs is getting airplay! You know it!
Walkiing To School Today!!! :D
It is way too cold this morning.. Don't want to get out of bed. 寒くて起きたくない！
Deal is @ urbansavers.com! Sign up to get access!
Real men know how to court a woman
thank you so much for your kind words. With dedication and patience your skills will grow quickly.
Prom pictures blowing up facebook
Shout out to eebody staying down and keepn it real
Nobody expects the French Canadian protestation.
Google docs :) Nothing detrimental to me. Had a client send me something once & it was intercepted by a vendor somehow.
not many coaches, most would be too afraid to sit their star and highest paid player.
A good morning and hello to the readers in Iraq...:-)
The #Whitworth baseball team is NCAA Tournament bound! They swept Whitman with today's 8-7 win, are #NWC co-champs & get the automatic bid!
yup soo this was a complete gossip hour XD
what is your email?
#Thanks #Enjoy your day!
"As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly."
“: #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Indiana Jones and the Titties of Doom”
This is a great exhibit on #plasticpollution! Have you gone to check it out?
Time to watch Hugh, Go. I hope it lives up to the hype.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy your free time being yourself.
Just made some ballin ass sugar cookies from scratch.
on Friday, my tip was to pick a number & list points. Tonite, my 4 yr old did it.
Youre good at this. You should make a twitter for those.
Had dinner at Baru on Friday and I'm STILL thinking about how delicious it was!
PowerPoint unexpectedly crashing and failing to recover all of my work makes me twitch. On the upside, it did recover most of it.
Frances Arnold: safe sex with molecules
Any girl that has duck lips in her pictures are just asking to get shot in the face
UNC 43 UK 38 at the half. Much different game then when your boys played my Badgers!
Woohoo!! The Tech Data Gov't Team is following me!!
Orecchiette is messed up because it just telescopes onto itself and you end up having pasta Pringles.
Thunder Cake by Patricia Polacco: Early-age emotional eating..☂
I don't think you'd be jealous that I have the worst red-eye on the way there. 9p to 5a. ugh.
Those of us at GolfOregonApp are looking forward to a powerful relationship with you. Your products look amazing.
I hate being home alone!
Great Person for Woman Hormones,
Get your $1.00 baguettes today!
that's not fucking funny
bottom of the ocean is my jam~
haha I know right!!
Follow The Founder & CEO Of "Networking In Atlanta" Brandon Miltsch *RT*
it lets me follow over the tweet limit now!!! Ysy lol
Q2A: We often enjoy our cozy time together after the kiddo goes to sleep.
HAPPY (Belated) NEW YEAR !!!!! :D
Linkin park to start the morning. Yes! No no more sorrow!
Poetry is the utterance of deep and heartfelt truth. The true poet is very near the oracle.
Coffee-fueled editing - does that count as happy? :)
One week until Tax Day (U.S.). April 17th this year. Are you ready? Hopefully ur done or have a plan in place.
For sure! I have been wanting to check it out for a long time! Benson's table tasty? :)
Movie Morning with Patrick. Ahahaha. Fun morning.
i had court on probation for a year :(
thanks, Dana! Bret
And the yanks win again.
Is a recipe a genre? yes! a collection of conventions, a way of organizing.. write a recipe about the writing process!
cant stop wont stop cant stop wont stop
I love Considering using a gift card for din there as a wed gift for a couple this summer. Have a good time!
My Derby selection:Gemologist!!! He's the real deal!!
Thanks, same to you:)
i want to walk on water
I still can't believe that it all starts tomorrow
Costume ideas: Gordon Freeman, Companion Cube, or Bavarian Lederhosen?
GO UPTOWN NEW YORK CITY -pew pew pew- \O\ /O/ ~
Need a reminder on what people really care about? Hit the Instagram popular page.
I can say Youk did not seem emotionally invested in that at bat.
Tell that to my brief moment of anxiety. :p
thank you for the support
High Dive on Morena Blvd. has a profile in Oct issue of SD Home Garden magazine. HD knows craft beer and their food menu is tops.
people seriously pray for japan and that goes with there 80,000 people missing
spiced rum and eggnog! this should be UR holiday drink! so what its 600 cals! go to the gym and skip lunch...worth every sip!
Please support Calypso Lemonade and follow it.
Howdy Tweethearts! I have been so bad, but I just haven't found much time for tweeting lately.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME (:
thanks for the plays and that like.
TRUE BLOOD, I wish your season didn't have to end... Oh and I love my new job! Nordstrom you make me so happy.
Awww that txt he jus sunt made me smile :))
I'm tryna get one!!!
we will be talking about the role of art in city rehab today 6pm PT. We'd love to hear your thoughts, follow
I'd like to start today w/ a happy 420 bowl.. the rest of the day is blunts tho (;
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
did you watch the clipper game?
you know, I think I saw Keys make a face when Efron first said it. but then she repeated his error.
Pretty sure "a stand-up comedian who bills herself as one of tallest women on the planet" is every mother's dream for her son
:) welcome back
Love roses and love the Badgers!!
Gotcha. The architectural covenants, which are clearly communicated to buyers, are indeed part of owning a home there.
Goddamnit, I guess I'm a Caps fan now!
Cortwright #talentdividend all of net job creation in past year for the college educated.
The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease..
If a BA doesn't fill out an event application questions, we can't submit his or her application to clients! Tell us why you'd be a good fit!
We’re all addicted to something that takes away the pain.
where you at tonight?
it was great to see you again!
I. Need. Netflix.
doesn't he realize that is why McCain didn't get elected?
you already have the giant melon like Buck, so you're on track!
I went outside in the living room lookin all ratchet and Tyson's girlfriend was outside .__.
ahh, so that explains the skid mark on Reb's face as you left said men's room, per WLOX....
really good documentary on Netflix about Vogue mag, The September Issue
Welcome to the Twitters! Had a blast hanging out w/ you last week! Working on an email that you should get by the end of today.
hey where are you from in Ohio? :)
RT : Paul's confidence was a result of faithfulness. 2 Tim 4:7
follow our latest film, DETROPIA on twitter
Please tell me why nobody is answering their freaking phones. NOBODY. Seriously I could be dying right now.
You gave some wonderful information on Saturday. It totally helped me revamp my social media presence. Thanks!
I bet your other half is extremely jealous over all the media frenzy about you!
Damn Flyers! What happened?
Im sorry for your experience. We are happy to give you a refund. Please call our office today and we can help you out.
To all you lions fans out there I wanna know what y'all got to say I mean really
it'd be a lot easier to spell if you weren't in Florida surrounded by girls and alcohol lol
Hi Molly! We've spoken before!
#kispd Twitter is an online Professional Learning Community in and of itself. Minnesota doing online teacher PD across the U.S.
??? You mean Florence to the Lions?
WTH! You're pissing me off!!
Of course Avery! We appreciate the feedback.
thank you! We can't wait for the show, it should be a good one!
talking marketing and promo videos for the upcoming #UWM mobile app
gotcha. Thankfully i went in without any knowlege other than "it was a winner" nurse was great. Dont get the soap in tea though
that's true ! Never say never ! :D i love miley 2
Hes weeping in the lockerroom right now RT : Homie was back on the bench before the ball even hit the rim
we have about 100,000 troops n Afghanistan.
why so happy witz?
I'm learning to turn the things I hate into pleasure.
taking 3 steps forward and then 2 steps back... need to break out of that pattern :)
Finally had a chance to watch #BeavisandButthead. Impressed, they did a pretty good job bringing this classic back!
Thanks for being open thanksgiving day! Now my fam doesn't get to have a thankgiving together B. Menzer U working too
Values are like fingerprints. Nobody's are the same. But u leave em all over everything u do....Elvis Presley
Two faced phonies need not apply.
knew you'd love those guys :) and you're welcome!
Indeed he is. Not what I would be looking for, but damn nice work.
Deisre is carnal.
Awesome Sunday morning..church soon than Statbucks.
Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran together that is just too perfect :)
there is all kinds of weird beer getting set out. If nothing else, come for that!
Does Benadryl ever make you 'short-fused', cranky and tired (of course) but have crazy nightmares while you sleep?
“: Craving a cannoli. Anyone able to provide this for me? #italiangirlproblems ” weird cause I'm craving one too!
Hope very one had a great st paddys day an enjoyed the shamrock run today! We're back to happy hour starting tomorrow!
RT : RT : Here's a thought: skip work and go find some awesome free art in Detroit!
I wish Eminem was my dad...
STATE OF THE STATE IS TONIGHT!
Ooowee bbq me sum fish & shrimp if u do da bbq O.O
wtf movies don't be making sense but hey that's my wife right there to <3
morning sunshine :) its only 2p!
The tornado may have destroyed our town. But I would say we're blessed considering there were no reports of death. God was def. with Us!
Ah the classic DM gone awry.
definitely. Inspiring stuff.
Grannyup2help,falls asleep leaning on him.Lift her onto the couch.Him"It's about over ain't it?Darlene?He'sgot a pretty good sack of hay."
Texas has once again rubbed itself all over my face. Eyes swollen, but not as bad as last week. Might be time for allergy testing. Joy.
you can always in demand Nurse Jackie after the game.
What secret handshake? ;)
Ahh, but your feet will be warm! ;)
yess!! Until we can reunite in person, we'll always have Twitter ;)
Why do these stupid college student liberals think they know it all. They really need to take some classes in Real World (not the mtv show)
heck yeah it does!
I am single..not alone ... there is a big difference <3
Yes, I do! Do you have one too?
We are rolling out new corporate video marketing packages and TV commercial opportunities. In a first ever revolutionary marketing campaign…
Good to see that david lee roth is working again suprisingly as the tiger trainer at the circus
Geez, it's barely 50 up here
Home = Ohio
I will! Can you reserve a seat for me?
: i say it doesnt matter what is on he rules !
Just signed up for TweetFunnel! It funnels tweets from multiple users, has editorial control, tweet assigning & more! www.tweetfunnel.com
If only this music wasn't older than me.
Out on the town w Chris and friends..@ a Taco stand now...
"You gotta sing, like you don't need the money. Love like you'll never get hurt." Thank you Kathy Mattea and
Hello Mz Lady
I just want to throw a rock at my fucking retarded sister !!
bye its so boring :)
Atlanta had to play a sound game and did not. But the loss also exposed the weaknesses of the O-line and the safeties.
Levementum is hiring! This dynamic technology company is looking for a staff accountant to help lay the foundation for future growth in th…
Fire Cupid? Tell me more
They are nice whatever they are.
No milk
in Syracuse in April. Don't miss that shit son
I love
He sounds like an angel and he has the most gorgeous eyes ever and I got to touch his hair
Just got a 45 cent concert ticket. Gonna go see 50 cent ft. Nickleback. JK I'd never see Nickleback.
easy killers!
why do you guys always do something to make me cry?! You guys are so amazing! I love you Sam and Kian!(: <3
Thanks for the #FF!
On the House floor right now, beginning the debate on rules for the budget res. Actual votes on Budget will come tomorrow.
Happy JD Drew becomes a reserve day (wishful thinking)
The average women would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think
Half priced frapps with the bro at starbucks 👍
You havnt' asked me what I hate. I assure you I dont' hate people. I am commanded to love my neigbor as myself
Very cool! We love Espana!! Love your photos at the car show too :)
Hello sexy : Fauxcial - Social events that involve minimal or no real interactions with other people
How would you guys like to hear a song off of our recently completed album, "Dead but Dreaming"? Official release date coming soon!
She says lifes a game were meant to lose, but stick by me and i will stick by you
i know, but still
I'm a little sad that my machine learning class is over. It was truly great. :( Big thanks to team!!
Vegas bound til Thursday!!
I will KILL you. >_<
just discovered #foursquare & how you can get free food & great clothes sales just by 'checking in' at that place!
Final. Four.
It's just not fair damnit. -__-
Great website and thanks for the follow
I'm asking if in the future, in a world where SOPA was passed and Megaupload still had their domain, and SOPA was used to take it.
agreed. In fact this just came up on campus recently. We were reminded that we don't drink w undergrads.
Anyone use Tumblr? What makes it better than Wordpress?
yea the blonde is cute it looks good on you :)
Nice to see Miami and Denver both suckiung in the Suck for Luck game
Thanks for the comment. I'll visit your site too!
Woke up to breakfast happy cinco day myo y'all and thank you daddy he knows how to treat his Bby girl ! Lol
A hungry man eat anything U feed him, A rich man will buy anything U sell him, & a broke man believe anything U tell him
Rays' Evan Longoria has a partially torn hamstring
Openflow! hehe ;-) “: is looking to hire #Linux kernel hackers for high performance networking work. Interested? Ping me.”
I just wamma play where is Waldo :( merica sad puppy sad sad meows kitty kitty fav poka poker face!
that's cool! I love DC, I'm pretty excited
Shout out to our pals at We dig their tasty beverages! Anybody have a fave flavor? Stop by 739 SW 10th this week to try one!
To quote my friend Shy, " Spike Lee looks like a black version of the guy in Honey I Shrunk The Kids." Lol!!!
Hey man, you planning on doing an E3 podcast? If so I'm saying I'm interested right now lol.
It's not what you say Christina its how you say it, Put Christ back in your name and maybe u will find joy again!
No amount if rain can falter a Seattle umbrella ...
What's this about Beiber getting rapped by a bunch of black dudes last night.
Hey #students! Check out - awesome resource for
y those peopel giving giveaway after xmas
sorry dude. We'll see what we can do. New stuff is rad.
stay tuned!
You're a DOOKIE?! Oh no oh no... and I liked you so much. What lead you to the dark side Ginny?!...
hope she doesn`t violate his probation :(
aw, that's so sweet hb I get you a cute card with a buddie on it n a candy cane? :}
fuck America's gadgets there so fuck up i just bought me a japanese phone that has everything a droid can do and a iphone4 can do!!!!
hi Austin. Are you online? c:
RT : Do not miss your last chance to see A Night of Deaf Theater! Tonight, 7pm in the blackbox. Free! Get there early for seats.
Man, do we love this. Nothing quite like having your trucking company in order. Welcome back hguys. Been sorely missed. American West....
I can't wait to start reading Insurgent!
I had some of those! They would be even better with cilantro :)
Wayne is
RT Welcome to twitter ! Managed by
You and all ya girls in the club one time. All so covinced that ya followin ya heart cuz ya mind dnt control what it does sometime
Just added a new song called One More Time. After I get some bass and drums, other than mine, mixed into it, I think it will be a great song
My prof introduced you to us in class tonight. Looking forward to learning from you.
maybe head to Boston?!?
Into the eye of the storm...figuratively and literally!
Need to take control of your health? Start with small changes and create better health outcomes for yourself today!...
Really looking forward to your thoughts on Madonna's halftime show. Will we cringe or slow clap?
Oh this Boston rain
when y'all coming down here?
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, live music, silent auction, game truck and much more. Oviedo Mall Noon to 6pm.
Sippin Rum w/ Coco Cola
Oh you know they're going to do work. It's on.
long, and not in a good way. Lol! But it's a new week, so I'm ready
I just bought it on sale at Target so excited to read it!
i need to talk to you if i dnt i will start crying so please please retweet n follow me so we can talk
My cheek is bruising from the inside out, didn't even know that was possible
nope doesnt count
FCP X | Creative Rebellion via
You're not the only one who's had that happen to them. had some good stories recently about this issue.
Tomorrow: Spec. script. and then beef and beer with
haha probably actually
check the avatar
#ChrisBrownWasOurTeacher wait a minute wait a minute chris brown was our teacher he still is my teacher
Hi Darlene - thanks for the follow. Enjoy New Orleans
Pinterest is loads of fun! Just signed up tonight and having a great time playing and exploring!
Add me on drawsomething! I'm JujuChav!!
Tomorrow I really should do something productive.
So are you all ready to know who is the winner of the 5 FREE 14 inches pizzas??? We'll announce it soon! Stay tuned!
Yes REALLY! We are equally excited!
RT Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and that loves you as much as you love them.
Any hummingbird showing up today to the feeder better have excellent horizontal & vertical stabilizers.
hey can you dm me an email address? I have something I want to send to you!
I think Len is a dick head.
Me too guys! time for a change!!
“: Oh, you're totally over him. I can tell from your statuses.”
I also love in so high on a marlon
Also, look up the history of Stand Your Ground Law and who helped to continue to fund the law.
yeah and the city museum! You should def go there I heard its amazing!
We call it Reverb Gulch
Who wants 2 read the next part of ma mahomie story ???? RT ! x michelle ♥
Food for thought: Congress mulls better nutrition for students: International Business TimesGeorge Miller, D-CA, C
Lots of Big Game things happening
Inhale,exhale go to jail?I'll post the bail
if you are a rapper and you are willing to do a collab let me know!
Headed to ABATE Toy Run planning meeting can't believe we are planning for Dec 4th already!
please follow she is you biggest fan!67
IM GOIN #COAST2COAST N THE NEXT FEW WEEKS..S/O
Oh Yeah... I'm only 19,369,446 followers behind !!!
Which workshop are you in? I was in between A and C. Decided on C.
I'd say it's pretty objective, just not well understood by the world at large and also worth contesting for political reasons.
"That's lie! Never do that!" GOP friend told about new KS/NH (doc lie 2 women) laws. Gave evidence - "OK. Well have 2 do something!" SIGH!
Such sad news. Really can't believe it. RT Good bye, MCA. You changed all our lives.
new batch coming today sir
I have seen people who Go there and tell their business on FB. I don't want to be that guy.
This thunderstorm is just perfect.
Which healthcare apps are you using to monitor your fitness? We want to know!
i think it was just last week you were telling your mom about our amazing "always" .... take that
Yay! I got one! Cooking it today! The butcher said it would be the best chicken I've ever had ;)!
lol, boo i dont give two hot ass Fridays about your feelings
You might be Alaskan if you use your coffee grounds to absorb sunlight and melt the snow on your driveway...
LOVE the article about female anglers! It was a great read!
If Your Awake And Seeing Things Your Madd. But If Your Asleep And Seeing Things Your Dreaming.. So The question Is Are You Awake Or Asleep?
happy 16th! Love you!!
Hey, congrats on the new gig!
CHECK OUT L.I.L. FLOYD..that new shit Get Like Me is the hardest song I heard this summer...www.reverbnation.com/punation
Boy you know you got me gone. <3
Burning bridges with failure.
Happy 4th of July! Be safe, happy and independent!
my mother is an anger drunk. damn......
#Graceland documentary on Netflix. How many times can I fall in love with this record, ? -j
shut up you animal shagger and go back to burry port
And I thought I was the only one who had the 1st Harry Potter hanging around un-opened. Good luck with it.
Do you agree that playing piano really enhance your ego?
So damn happy to be away from all the bullshit
also according to stupid MLB rules.
Maybe it's a temp. thing! :-}
happy birthday baby love you so much :*
I agree with lol
today felt like a sunday because today fuckimg sucked
Looks like took us over 900 mark.. We fully expect to be over 1000 by spring break
Happy Birthday Rox. love and hugs to you my friend.
I hate this class. I hate this class. I hate this class. I hate this class.
thanks for the shout out man, what have you been working on?
Same experience on keeping encrypted data for archives. I just extravagantly doced decrypt process and keyholders.
Use of nuclear weapons authorized. Disable launch safeties of tubes 4 through 10.
Have you gotten your workout done yet? I'm off for a bit of mine shortly! Nia at 9 am!
My fave song #birthdaycake on .....i.want that cake cake cake cake cake...
": It's never too early #BEATLA"
Living a cliche dream today. TGIF.
Hang in there
Failure is not about insecurity. It’s about lack of execution. – Jeffrey Gitomer
My name is AbracaDaniel. ;)
"You do not lead by hitting people over the head -- that's assault, not leadership." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Happy May Day!
is a slut. He has been griping at me for 2 years for losing his book that he JUST FOUND at his house =/
those kids won't know what hit 'em (TAing grad lvl variation! squee)
and she's Polish like me! (formerly Adamski) :)
phone died..
thanks chico!! And I will!!
All these WWF dudes on 790 this week is pretty dope. Feel like getting my brother in a Boston Crab for old times sake.
Well, the man standing in front of me on the train doesnt realize his fly is down
Your next pic should be Han Solo. Close enough of a resemblance.
after spending $30 on stuff at Target, walk out, see a cloud & remember the original thing I had gone for was an umbrella
It seems industry related press has rated Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder aC+List Celeb.2make B/A List I have2accept music/film/tv offers!Lol
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own
When's your next fight?
u flaw
spirit week sux we need
what up playaaaaa
Hey made #Runzas in KY for New Years! Happy 2012!! Go Skers.
hurrah! so glad to hear it.
had fresh #brutwurst from #mariano's fresh market and side of cauliflower with Big Fire Pinot Gris. Best place to buy brutwurst in
That previous tweet was brought to you by
i just dm'd him to follow you. thanks!
yeah they do.. it sucks
Bio, you're really fucking my birthday over...
Nice to see the yesterday's strong pace wasn't a fluke. 6 miles on a 7:47.30 pace. And a gorgeous sunrise to boot!
In politics, as in most parts of life, timing is everything. Jump on a political campaign too early, risk a broken heart... and unemployment
What do Tuesdays mean at La Casita? Tuesdays mean that Tacos and Burritos are buy one, get one 1/2 off from 4pm-close!
Those two runs should be added to Ron Roenicke's ERA.
Eyes fucking burn, son!!
Yes, please! I would love to meet him. I've been stalking your Facebook page for more pics.
TGIF!!!! Tonight we're at the Mule Barn in Justin! Come hang out! Then we're headed to Stephenville for Labor Day at The Lake tomorrow!!
Hope this doesn't seem stupid, but I want to have my own Revolution. I really reAlly need to lose weight. Just hope I get support for it...
uh, no. He is one of those players who has gotten Hanstravel like calls in college...that cannot persist forever.
2 times more leads after five months of using our inbound marketing software
MarshaFutral756, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I know it was a big game but come on people u don't have to run over our players
Going for Nexium commercial tomorrow in NYC.
Please follow our partners They will return the love
Nobody in class today
Spiteri: "subject headings do not reflect cultural warrant" -- we tend to make cataloging records for ourselves
sweet post on ! thanks for getting the word out!
Awkwardly timed as it is, I feel a craving coming on for an American cheese and grape jelly sandwich.
I put two boxes in the freezer and had successfully ignored them until yesterday. Like a rainy day cookie fund.
Hit up our facebook to check out our single "Carnival" and like us to keep track of the progress on the new EP! Also
"Whenever I hear, 'It can't be done,' I know I'm close to success." - Mary Kay Ash
or Sanity
I don't trust anyone who doesn't like dogs.
thanks for the vocabsushi shout out. Let me know if you have any feedback! Good or bad. I'm all ears.
Overheard at the Halloween shop --- The Borg are iZombies.
i know it sounds sketchy, but check craigslist! I find hiring events there and stuff (:
*chuckle* I'll take that under advisement.
I really believe if your gonna return something you should have the receipt
LAKERS DID WORK SON
A bug bite that looks like a pimple: insult to injury.
Haha im confusing the crap outta my friend because im talking to her in spanish. She has no idea what im saying XD
I'm listening to Pat Paulsen for Prez. CD just arrived from OldPlusNu in Woodland Hills, CA. Pat's campaign slogan: "We cannot stand Pat!"
The small ones start at $12.95!
Girl, find your own lesbian! has been mine since 1994 lol
I despise the concept of "wit".
Tmrw nite is gonna be insane for 's birthday party! WOW!
Just returned from #SMISS 2011 Conference in Las Vegas. Updated on the latest minimally invasive spine surgery research.
You cheater!!!!!! I do love you :c
best text bomb of the day so far: skipper's seven dwarves or noreen's avalanche snow...can't decide
Happy Twitter Birthday to us! RT : Today 2 years on Twitter: and
Of course he does. Hes a Narcissist. LoL
I know, I am so lame about that. I always forget about updating it.. :/ Maybe I should link my twitter account to it?
CLEVERNESS LEVEL = MAXIMUM
It is made of sugar, cocoa butter, dry milk solids and vanilla essence
At #TechBUZZ, great presentation from Sean Murphy (MapFreeduce)
cool! Ive got a nice long trip this year so let's def try to connect. Things calm down for me Mon/Tues
love your profile pic!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card playoff lingering teams to get new piece that can defend
Whos on Google+, Pinterest, StumbleUpon, Digg, Reddit, Orkut? What am I missing? Do I need to go beyond Facebook & impending timeline doom?
I was just offered the chance to adopt a kitten, out of the blue. Clearly, the universe is punishing me for some reason.
The #Kentucky Wildcats are the best semi-pro basketball team in the nation.
I've been having awesome workouts lately...
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite drink? ;)
thanks G!
If you want to see data migration and website consolidation at their finest - check out and howto.gov
Reading about teleportation and sh%t. This is straight outta sci-fi. Evidently some Chinese scientists have teleported an obj. 96 k
Google Maps Street View car just drove up my street. Kind of a funny looking car!
Based on population estimates the # of sexually abused men equals the entire populations of LA, NYC, CHI, HOU, and Philly.
Leo DiCaprio in J. Edgar: Weirder than ever & now suitably fit for a role as a plantation owner in Django.
Pretty amazing "Crazy Hacking" session with Learning about shutting down govt at
CANNOT WAIT
followed :) and sorry it took so long, I couldn't see my mentions.
lol naw you slow yu juss den understand what I was saying im smart
#FF Bill the thrill.
Excited 2 read 's new book: Let's Pretend This Never Happened. I might have to shower today and go to B&N. Only for JLaw.
Yep, glueing the arm together without the weapon in it. Dreadnought 1, djinn 0. Now I have to cut and pin the spear.
Bedtime. Out of pills. Scared I won't sleep. Think good thoughts for me.
Watch "The idiot cycle" documentary
Eating outside
X Factor is a made up show. not sure how these producers get to air their shows. It is truly about who you know in Hollywood. Xfactor suck!
come on ... that was some great sustainability humor. ;)
- i meant follow. And i love you for the star you are, not like coco- you two are great! ok- gotta watch the end
Surprise! We are back on Twitter! YAY! Who's ready for some green cleaning tips of the day?
Bottled Beers- Heineken, Corona, Sam Adam's Light, Michelob Ultra, Miller Lite, Budweiser, Coors Light, and O'Doul's Am
Good luck!!
RT : Outside Paramount Studios, where is giving the speech, city workers are protesting proposed layoffs.
meeting with these guys today - www.INVartistnetwork.com
:O Taylor!! lol I'm on it! lol cheers
fuxk it nigga we got money! Lol we'll do all that tuesday morning
love u to 3}
When me and know we can get through shit >>>
"My life is shaped by the urgent need to wander and observe, and my camera is my passport." - Steve McCurry
is live tweeting his own insomnia. If only 1998 AOL chat rooms could see us now! #we'vecomealongwaybaby
Aw Good game Knicks - good game. We almost had it!
RT That awkward moment when you put a new profile picture on Facebook, and someone "like" your old one.
Girl, I have been having the same issue! I thought I would make loads in time for Christmas presents, but not so much!
happy easter to all!
Need a resume guru. And more work! :)
"A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for."– Grace Murray Hopper
Your very selfish
I know, right! Thanks!
Most folks are using cloud applications and aren't aware of it.
Need logo design, marketing consulting, social media assistance, e-blasts, newsletters, brochures, etc - reach out to
RT I get the feeling a lot of corporate board meetings these days consist of confused old men yelling the word "Apps!"
Getting ready for our set at Genghis Cohen in LA. William Shatner's eating here, think he'll watch our set?
Today is the Mariners home opener! It is going to be awesome.
Follow mister boyer
Well good! I hope we never have to see Joan's awful husband again.
In love w a girl from kentucky
yes, I saw them in concert at some dive bar in Tucson a long time ago. --It's like I'm in a way back machine.
traveling can be exhausting i can't wait to get home
Instagram bought by Facebook for 1 Billion...
tbh, I don't even like eminem. Probably the only guy that doesn't..
Tigers jersey freshly cleaned for Saturday in New York.
OH: Do we want buns or cupcakes in the St. Cloud market?
That's reassuring. As you know, the design community loves debate and loves to look over others' markup.
Hey fans, be sure to check out talking about us on today!
You are far too familiar with the problems associated with committees, aren't you Lisa?
Yes, near the end of the film, Jiro talks about reducing sushi consumption and suggests eating higher quality but less often.
These mfs in class are laughing about stuff that happened during Hurricane Katrina. How about I throw you in that shit and see if you laugh.
Doing commercial CD drop offs and later seeing The Artist screening
RT : Even strength training requires carbohydrate. Skimp on carbs and the intensity of your training will decline.
That Hyundai car looks sick
Forward me the link to that!
Happily off to the MN Science Museum after fab lunch w/ 2 new friends from OH and SF.
Its funny how people come into ur life & their life is like a tsunami & u try to be the strength to their levi & they push u away like fema
Follow for comments on 2nd / 3rd Rnd of the NFL Draft
RT : #Sagittarius is adventurous, gets easily bored by routine.
Pretty sure rich people are supposed to wear nice clothes. They don't make $1000 shirts for poor people.
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
Miss Wisconsin FTW!!!
. Thanks for the mention and thanks for promoting the good work of in growing the tree canopy.
gross. At least it's easier for guys... For girls finding a guy with nice feet is like winning the lottery lol
OH MY GAWD, yeah I know. So annoying. Heh now that I have a radio show again I should listen to him for What Not To Do tips.
if you want a entrance song written for your opening walk in/ walk out...let me know
think about it everyday what if that what if this had a good condo with
I'm still up bro
Damn, that sounds familiar. Now I have to get tested.
Staying in bed SICKK =/
Palfrey: Success of project marked by the "hidden code" of dpla: getting users to content through other channels/sites
Lost Dog Charlie - $400 Reward Charlie the Beagle is lost in Hesperia, CA.
is that little guy in the pic you ya cutie!!
If given the gift of a paperless classroom, which device would you choose: iPad, Android tablet, Chromebook, laptop, etc.?
I wish complete torture upon her if she hurts Stefan #GoingEvilAlaric on her ass
Don't worry, that show's simply awesome!
Our educational awareness efforts play an important role in addressing the source of critical challenges posed by dependency on fossil fuel
House party in Richmond
Who's ready to learn some local social strategies? Me!
Woke up with the frosted flakes jingle in my head. I don't know what that says about how today will go, but I don't think it's great.
Now looking for entrepreneurs to open new campuses. You can make thousands a month in residuals. Email us at .
OMFG!!! Just saw the trailer for PrettyLittleLiars!! Ah june5th❤& Jane by design too!!😂😃
- I'm hoping her view of morality changes now that she is a vampire. "It's okay to love them both, I did."
uh hell. Haha
i eat carrot with Nutella ! yummies .
Choco pecan for sure
Gahd. You practically stabbed my eyes rapidly and then dentonated them because your performance was WAY to amazing.
I wonder how the ANN thread for the Fate/Zero Blu-ray Box II import from Aniplex will turn out. I'm guessing next week is when it'll happen.
Good point. I think they have no choice but to downgrade to save face. Bill Gross thinks downgrade will still happen.
History was never made by thinking, I'll do it tomorrow.
YAY!!! Thank you!!! So pleased (and relieved) to hear that! :D
RT : Just met some of the guys behind You're going to start hearing a lot more about this #healthcare IT
Washington Nationals are now at 5 wins in a row and counting after beating Marlins 12 - 8 today
I'm going to be a Mommy, I'm soo happy!!! That explains the weird pains in my Tummy lol
Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark? If he did, where did he keep them?
The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling and even more beautiful is, knowing that you are the reason behind it
ahaha i was asleep lol well thanks and i hope u have a good week 2
Refs need to bring their A game... Period
That has been conformed by sheriff's and federal law enforcement sources
sucks a lot of DECA.
[Eph4:4-6]There is one Body/Church & one Spirit & one Lord & one faith & one baptism & one FatherGod of all who is above-thru & in all of us
If u would like updates 2 the games tomorrow night, RT this tweet. I will update if people are interested.
Hurray! Two talks accepted at #thatConference! "Erlang, CQRS and .NET (Architectural S'mores)" and "Erlang Goes to Camp!"
Wedge's lineups are a constant source of frustration. RT : And Seager (who sat on the bench for 3 days, ahem, ahem) has 2 hits.
Saw it on Twitter.
We_Bore_It thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
we need to hang out some time!! :)
We should grab coffee and discuss in more than 140 chars sometime. Oy vey... How's your January?
Supporting Salsa in your community means investing your time, money, and energy into it. The key word is money. What's it worth to you?
The kitty's name is Henri too!
but should't it be called consistently??!!??
Bored spam bots, I guess!
haha yeah a stud pitcher...and then they took out the pitching machine........
#firstworldproblems RT : Why is the WiFi in this McDonald's not working?!?
The founders of HubSpot® met at MIT in 2004
Maximum Overdrive
ha! Oh man. I have a feeling if I wrote 'vibrators' on my window here in Venice, lots of strangers would show up. Not good ones
Just got offered "the newest edition of the bible"... So who does that mean updated it? How can the oldest book be updated? 
They're building a #PaneraBread right next to my place. Woo-hoo!!
Love my kiddos, but only 5 more days of school sounds pretty awesome right now.
its my birthday today :) i would be so happy if i got a happy birthday from you! ❤
Want plush pillowy lips? Swipe on an inner -core lipstick. Choose a lip liner that matches lips. Then apply inner core lipstick.
I'm kinda done getting fucked up all the time.
I think you've got the right idea. But hey now that you're going to be in mke more, we'll actually have to hang out :)
Don't bother trying to wake me. I'm so weak, you'll just end up breaking me.
DAMN GET AT ME...SOUNDS LIKE YOU NEED TO BE TOUCHED...
#MTBlowout tonight for at
SECRET SHOW TONIGHT. Send us a message for the info! :D
Coffee and words.
Hope everyone had a great Independence Day!
According to my sleep cycle app I never reached deep/REM sleep. I'm screwed!
Currently rocking out to Jimi Hendrix "Fire". Why don't you let the archers stand next to your fire?
Me to limping puppy: I feel you, bro.
I got a hug from all my brothers friends. x) lmfao. i feel special. my brother has hot friends...m. :3 hahahaha.
Big Thank You to for Saturday Night! My Birthday was a blast!
Pacific islands on equator may become refuge for corals in a warming climate due to changes in ocean currents Scientists have predicted t
“Told w/ an appealingly jaunty prose style (imagine Ben Mezrich but w/ even more enthusiasm)" -Booklist loves 's Groupon book
Researching an essay about the impact of e-resources on serials collection management . . . very interesting.
On MothersDay call when ManCity scored... "No!!" Mom(after I explain):"Well, how much time is left?" "6th min of injury time" "Oh dear"
I hate being out of work
lol charging to watch games even though you pay your cable company and extra fee already for their channel...SILLY
Test to see if this goes to my Facebook Page...
turn on! : ) but I'm just a freak!
Good morning twitterfriends! What's your workout for the day? I'm headed to 24 Hour fitness to do my thing. You?
Just heard the song manic Monday, artists don't have Monday's or weekends, we work everyday.
I just heard this word in my spirit about 30 minutes ago! Yes!!!
When you finally discover your true priorities, life becomes so much easier
You're very welcome!
need those jackets
so like if it does then there will be no more twitter, fb ect. but still like shopping sites?
uhmm justin bieber mistletoe
Good morning! Welcome to your "gateway to the weekend" wink, wink. Wake up with us on the !
'Parachutes' is such a great album.
"Again and again come reminders that few things flatter a work of recent art more than its being installed in the ... [cont.]
I know. You just set up a one-liner about being dirty, I couldn't pass it up. I know you're clean :-)
Trying not to freak that niall's friend just favorited a tweet on my personal. Yeah.
Canon 600D, 7D, Sony nex5 or nex7? I need a new camera and have to decide asap. Anything new on the market I should be aware of?
not you and not exactly every but im sure still with the right talk every girl... but it aint that serious
happy birthday!(:
Mon-Fri from 10:30a-1p our office is open for referrals to other agencies like Thx for helping
if I wasn't in school I would have been out searching
Terry, what a GREAT idea: have students create dots in the persona of a book character!
Yep! Moved here... Two weeks ago, I think? Time flew by.
I didnt know David Grohl was refereeing the
wat it do ppl im back
plus i don't know what to say all the time
Love going over my mom's for birthday celebrations. She threw down on the food
It means, "I'm all for it!"
Love music but won't listen to newest collaboration. If this song dies a quick death, it's due to the other artist
three words...awesome, awesome, awesome!
#FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW OR
Yes it is. Hugs to survivors like you! RT Cancer is one helluva fight for life..
Went golfing with today. No major injuries for anyone involved, so that's a plus. And she didn't throw any clubs!
The HBO documentary shows how heart disease starts creating lesions in childhood!
I'm fine! Just a little disappointed ☹
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot! You know the one!!
Karachi University teachers protest against Rehman Malik's honorary doctorate ...
I think we're watching Squid Porn in my Bio lecture right now
Just hope it never ends, whatever "it" is.
I love my job so much!!!
presented at #paconferenceforwomen on "creating my brand, mastering my story" with
Excited for 's Love Trapezoid, tonight! Matt Schatz is the man.
Thanks for doing a fantastic job moderating the #WeightoftheNation San Diego panel discussion! Good stuff last night!
Mundane tweet of the day: I can't sleep.
Yeah, just throw some Tide on it. Who said NASCAR was a redneck sport? #LiveActionAdvertising right there y'all
Happy weekend tweeps! Whats your pleasure? Should be a beautiful one here in
hey bro! Dm me
- DayQuil actively tries to keep you awake - don't take DayQuil at night
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens. - Carl Jung
here we go again ....damn what's wrong with u lol
Damn lol :-P
Creativity is a drug I cannot live without. — CECIL B. DEMILLE
Independent info pros = smaht peeps!Loving this conference
This cow could go for some bull right about now - RT Go find a cow. cause i'm sick of your bull.
I can dig it. Although often, even I don't get my own jokes.
These people r crazy
your real dumb for staying with him!
Give the independent Musician a chance he/she dont have million dollar record labels behind them but the Musicians are just as talented.
Being a whore isn't even an Option for some girls. It's a Priority. Like they Know they were Born to be a whore!! -
It was the other way around! Brian is just being self-deprecating.
thats how I feel. Can't believe God loves me so much. He loves everyone more then we deserve
Do these yahoo kids really think the Broncos & Peyton Manning r going to be swayed by a tweet.
whoa wtf. That's awesome!
I am looking for an entry level position as a programmer, can someone help me out please. Thanks.
Guess who's coming to See your show tonight ?
Justin Bieber's boyfriend sounds like the lonely island's big bong brothers. As in
If you would like to retail Gun Safes please call us at 877.311.1776
"If you don't stay positive about things, you'll never get to where you want to be in life" <3
In order to succeed we must first believe we can. ~Michael Korda
u just won bxb RT : Learning lots at #bxb11 in Chicago. Also happened to meet Mike Ditka at his restaurant. Very gracious man.
Its so warm and beautiful outside
and it puts you in a bad mood..ugh
Thinking abt not modeling anymore : / ive been doing it for so long... it's just not the same
Thanks for the info! A team member will be reaching out to you shortly!
I will be releasing some new paintings in the next few days ... gonna be pretty cool so stay tuned.
": waking up at 530 for school<<<< #summerwherethehellareyou"
When did the PATH get new trains?
Game plan is in, watch some film with the kids tomorrow and its time to execute!
you really should give him the ORIGINAL VHS tapes... :)
Golden Brown!(:
I LOVE YOUU : ) Tweet Me , Maybe !?
ALLNIGHTER IN THE LAB WITH AND
I'll come visit sometime this week I miss u Foo's
On my way to work
Okay, now it should be fixed. Thank you for letting us know of the issue.
Great to hear that all of our East Coast location are open for business and had no damage.
: How bout this. As soon as I have my license and car we're all going on a road trip. i mean it.
Preliminary 2011 count: I've shot 140+ bands this year. (some are repeats) Madness.
Act like a lady THINK like a boss (;
Thanks for the like, Roberto Borrero Jr.!!
Owwweee goin to soak in the tub!
Feel better!
11 yrs since my last #bostonmarathon. Now I live vicariously - good luck runners!
Wow Collin all around is at the top of his game
In all honesty, you're NOT hot enough to be an asshole.
Santorum killed it earlier -- he's way ahead on points.
aw whyy ? it was good lol laughing like always :P
That was one of the more interesting dreams I've had.
Well work is going great. NOT. i can't wait to get home with babe :)
I dislike the dentist!! I'm always on cp🕙
Potentially crappy work lunch got canceled, and I am going to tonight - I see an awesome dinner in my future!
That sounds pretty awesome.
these nigg at the barber shop sat up and talked about what chick they DIDN'T GET in HIGH SCHOOL........for 2 HOURS -__- that's why I'm ___
thanks for the follow back! #Cloud hosting
Grocery shopping with a certain someone makes for a lovely evening. :)
At the OMNI enjoying a Manhattan and getting caught up on blogs after a good day at NLADA.
great match today! Way to hang tough in that first breaker. That was fed cup tough
Seriously! I am way jealous of their skills.
aye daya look at all those #Zistas & #ZswagBros in the #ZswagFamily! so proud to be here!!<33
No one will give you what you want. So why do we waste time sitting around waiting for some one to give it to us?
Thanks RT : u did an outstanding job as Speaker Looking 4 ur return! stp the Repub. abuse of the middle class & poor
great job tonite.
Legal and Healthcare Fair beginning at 3pm at Goulds Park! Come out and receive FREE assistance on a number of legal and healthcare topics!
Yes, we have managed to create one season---> Winsprisumall.
Your parents owe you nothing- They were here first-download free- InSpotter app
Remember framework authors want u to drink their coolaid
Streaming the #Canucks game here in Baltimore, but feed is about 1 min behind real time. Hard not to peek at
Sounds like you need ;)
Fast Facts: Dealing with autism requires a lot of patience and persistence. Always seek the best intervention for your child and do not...
Celebrating my first 100 followers today!
I got him. Kids in this town are weird, the other one was trying to take my camera but he ended up pressing the shutter button
The nightclub plays of Diane Paulus: Donkey Show and Karaoke Show.
I can't believe tomorrow you are going to be eighteen and I remember your 15th birthday.
Dad is that you in the pic? hm ahhahha I mean the body... !?
well it's Saturday night here in Cali so I'm just chillin' with my man. Wine, music and after a shower, friends cummin' over.
WTF!!!!! Well there you go all you Tebow fans u got what you wanted now u have to face New England on Saurday! U GOT LUCKY!!!! D:<
aha, okay(:
#zap would follow me
when directionators send someone a picture of the boys just cause they thought they were doesn't mean they deserve their picture ! :3
