LISA! I miss you too! What is going on in Macy's world since i left!? DM me your # and I'll text ya
In swem for the day
Your next single should be called "dick in a truck." I have all kids of ideas.
Yell at me for... It's just not a good time. No one has a perfect life. If we did, it'd be too easy. Just trust in god.
Williams is the #LeeEvans of the Giant/49ers game
Lime juice and water has helped my sinuses a lot.
I hear you been cheating for your brother, lol loser
In Ths Ohio State Assembly !
Weep for yourself my man you'll never be what is in your Heart....
so glad I could help you!
Downside to breakfast at hotel: didn't do hair. Gorgeous attractive guy shows up.
The banks and post offices are closed, but we're not. Come in and soundtrack your new year on today.
is #Baltimore #funny? The #InverseDelirium #podcast answers with a resounding YES!
You're welcome :D And I plan to ;)
Meet at Barnes & Noble Camp Creek today ! She'l be signing copies of her new book Redefining Diva.
I hear ya RT I just wanna make out and get take out.
Stop teasing me guys RT : 6th street reunion Saturday?
hahaha. Is that what it's called? Yeah, 's little brother is gonna do a 3-minute spot.
Naw silly, I learnt from da fire. I open da windows when I bbq now. RT : Did the smoke get you?
Oh I'll be there for 7/28. And I'm always looking to go to any other games. Helps being in Milwaukee.
Lip service? What kind? O_o RT : O_O RT : "3rd characteristic of a Christian woman is "Lip Service"
awww 8th grade will be awesome for you :)
Yup, passed it on the team too. Thanks Mike.
DOT: All east- and west-bound lanes of Hwy. 14 between Hwy. 138 and Hill Rod. near Oregon closed due to a crash. Likely closed til 8 p.m.
and a 70M lawsuit. How do you think this impacts GE?
i know right
its fine :) you didnt.
Sophie's choice.
Pinterest seems to b mostly populated by sorority girls and mock style guides. Might b good 4 photos of sexy fonts tho
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Thank you!
Learning about Community Engagement today at the University of MN.
That's pretty close, haha. And yup, I can't think of the last time we hung out, we kinda did at Warped, but not really.
watching the hangover ! <3 good movie. hhaa. :)
We've got big news coming next week. Stay tuned!
oh no.... well there's always #PoquitoMas?
Gotta get in my zone
Occupy Attorneys will be on WORT (89.9FM) at noon tomorrow with me. Call in with your questions 256-2001.
Thanks! Doug is far better at this then he thinks:) We love any opportunity to meet and talk personally about what we are doing!
Thursday night at 10pm. RT 's newest sketch tomorrow night during #BetweenTheSheets 10pm insides the lab
you're the one sucking right now, how's the choking.. Oh wait it's small so that won't be a problem
Saturday Night! Salute is the new spot to get seen and be seen. The great new hot spot. Don't miss out!
MHI to Establish Subsidiary to Handle Industrial Machinery Business ...
The Apocalypse is imminent RT ‘Twins’ Sequel Being Developed as ‘Triplets,’ with Schwarzenegger, DeVito and Eddie Murphy
Need help with college admissions? Contact #TeenLifeLIVE NYC sponsor Dr. Rachelle Wolosoff with College Search Expert!
alrighty then, sir!
&gt; Parmak 902 12-Volt Gel Cell Battery for Solar Powered Electric Fences Get Discount
Our goal today! Get all 503 followers to answer this question! What is your favorite memory of the circus as a kid?
Oh wow....while completely searching for something different, looks like the original future wife is definitely gay
I read a photographer's post about having the card. He would run all his biz expenses through it and hit that number with ease.
I'm sure the wife is thrilled :D
#Boulder PD and FD en route 26th / Valmont on a child stuck in a hole.
RT : Watch #CelebrityApprentice playing for Txt CLAY to 50555 make $10 donation & be part!
"Solid reasoning in an insane mind." - Seth Donahoe
1st Pirate Candidate Out to Steal Spotlight in Massachusetts
Sometimes a one night stand begins with a friend
& I moved apartments this weekend and had no access to internet. Is there still time for us? Please help!
Thanks boss man! RT : HBD Bro!!!
Fuck i meant *can't
OMG. My mom and I were just discussing coming over to see you soon and how we missed you over dinner tonight! So funny! -
omg need to see this
Transition to real estate investor and gaining personal freedom, doing short sales, starting over to build permanent wealth in my life.
#mydumbinjury omg this is great I have tons
#ToDo Buy four pigs. Paint 1, 2, 3, and 5 on each pig. Let them loose in a mall and watch security try to find number 4.
2pm Frist Center for visual arts, Future Break show. FREE.
make sure to follow
Good night :)
So I'm driving in bkfld, tornado is here, no siren that tells me to take cover, I have to find a bkfld cell user?
Packing our bags and getting ready to head out to Salt Lake City!
now following(:
sounds like u
Ughh the rain just brings me down all i wanna do is laydown:/
The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have. ~Louis E. Boone
I wish, I wish, with all my heart, to fly with dragons in a land apart. #dragontales :)
RT give me money. buy me perfume or buy me underclothes.
You're welcome! Not just valued - indispensable!
- thanks for the shoutout!
Suns win. Yaya! #go suns.
": Playing Scrabble with and he says XI is a word! Boy, if we weren't married.Some 1 played that w/ me 2. Ugh
Love my cuz: I get home- I have wireless, I can watch netflix on my big tv, he's taking me to trader joe's, there is a muffin on the counter
I'm pretty much a big deal in 36 states across the U-S of A.
I am not sure haha. I think I'll be there Saturday but I'll have to get back to you about sunday
If you need alternative #Gally lodging, I recommend the Crowne Plaza. It's right next door, and could even do lobbycon spillover if need be.
Sitting in traffic on 32 East outside Bativa, OH. Hope we get to see We're hustlin like a mo' fo!
arl should count whiteboards in the Library
Me too! If I had a dog. Which I will soon. Some job openings make me so happy.
Best of luck to and today as they interview for the Editor-in-chief position at The Beacon.
Thanx for the love!“ 09 Dix. Elegant, feminine, delicate... Wonderful expression of Maresh fruit. Beautiful Pinot #wine”
S/o to all the MOTHERS that take care of they're kids!
5 more hours
wow, I'm talking to Devo!
In highschool I wrote piano work with hidden canon & my chorus teacher whose favorite work was 50 Nifty United States (!) called it boring!
I am going to try Rocca delle Macie 2006 Chianti Riserva - this was a gift from a friend of mine. Will let you know what I think
I'm telling you: La Ripley, Disco Revivalist. You'll just have to change your musical tastes and buy new records and so on…
I like Twilight
So tired .. Time for a nap?? #fuckya #naptime lol I will always be a kid at heart 😊❤💤
Missed the 1st seven min of #PrivatePractice. What's up w/Addison and Amelia?
I know it seems like forever from now lol
Good News the Beltline is open again between South Towne and Monona Drive
by the way, ESPN saying Oil Can Boyd "used crack cocaine every day of the 1986 season"
Congrats on the roll-out. Super excited to be a part of the team working with
Milton gets out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the seventh and beats Monroe 10-8 in softball
6 more days at Trinity School...remembering the good times :)
no kidding....
What are you guys up to for Game 4 tomorrow?
come make me shut up lol
man this sucks *sadface
Swag tight...check
Gray's Papaya hot dogs are 2 bux now. So much for the perennial "recession special." I remember being pissed when they raised price to .75
I'm here at
Wanted something out of reach,it's killing me.
oh I am. & Morgan, she's such a little lady lol
I can really relate to this right now. RT What I shouldn't do: nap. What I'm going to do: (you know where this is headed).
its too late now i got my computer taken away AGAIN :(
Totes! Hammond-esque Gore slurring RT : Mitch Daniels is being played tonight by Darrell Hammond.
hihihi i certainly love
The nights i stay up the world is asleep , the nights im asleep the world is awake
stories like this scare the crap out of me. so young, so healthy and athletic.
Austin can't wait to hit the pool... and what's with me I'm sitting here and it's fucking cold -.-
"not good enough for truth in cliche"
Agreed. RT : "...We’d both rather eat poop for breakfast than write/read another movie premiere story" -
Modern air conditioning ruined Hawaii's architecture.
I need to take my ass to sleep but my ass up at a pizzeria getn some mufuhh pizza... GOod aS fUck ThO....
Friday I'm in Love makes me really sad that isn't on the air anymore.
Showing Mo a better way to track cust/prospects. BGR8 Now.
where's the shoot hun???
Sub-zero special. Anyone that comes to the office today (2/10/11) and mentions Twitter can have an adjustment or massage for $10.00
Featured member of the week: Rebecca Harris. Congrats Rebecca!
I should probably get on that...
Morning walk w thanks for my new fav music (as always) to
this sounds like one of those porn movies lmao xD
Brentwood.Leland King scored 30 points
Aw can't believe my older cousin Shawn Wolters is getting married in October!!
Arrreee you ready to ruuumbllleeeee Twitter? You have t-minus 30 minutes to gather your jokes.
Hey maybe #JanetNapolitano will say YES to #MarriageEquality tomorrow when you corner her in the elevator? 😉
#Lyra12 John Hewitt says there's a lot more to come in technology for MPS.
Good article, thanks for sharing...
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way
nope, still trying. I had an exchange, but still have not received it. was told via email of a price difference, but (1/2)
Bahahaha, I had a few of those! With my tape player...so cool. Then you'd loud talk when someone asked you a question LOL.
Didn't feel like going to school today so I'm sitting home. Hanging with ashlybaby today and hopefully gonna find something to do.
definitely. doubt he's ever kissed anything more than a computer screen. he's probably on twitter right now
My actions may show I don't care, but deep down...I really do...
LMFAO I don't know why but I bust out laughing at that. Now my moms pissed because I woke her up. Thx a lot Chris crocker xD(:
I'll see you in a couple of days ! Can't wait, it's cold here in Chicago!!
Hi Phoenix. I was wondering if you could say hi to me? Since it's my birthday. Thanks.
I donttt waannntt to do this homework .
What's up stranger :-)
Good work watching your game in class!
the advil pm is calling my name......got way 2 much on my mind & heart.....i need a "vacation" asap!!!
Why didn't I think of creating the job rosie on bravo has ????
Have started reading YA books. If I Stay...beautiful prose.
I have a vision of SEMF being a premier destination 4 people all over the world We put on a safe, quality and affordable event
wow gotta luv bing! thank you guys you rock the internet
I think Splitter should make every other free throw just to live up to his name.
gun fire QA: my airsoft gun broke is there a place i can get it repaired? !
yeah it's always fun to do math homework on a Saturday afternoon.
I just earned the Statesman badge on #Yelp!
thats true but i doubt any team will do that. at least i hope
the price we pay to be "The Man" on & off the ice...Haha!
prolly not till summer if you still out there.. i keep thinking u in the in N.O for school.
How does one run into a fire engine? Kind of hard to miss...
I think imma need to shed a few lbs when I get home. And I ain't talkin bout weight.
why must you be such a douche?
you're really pretty and not to be a complete creeper but if you really live in grand rapids i go there all the time :P haha
ah you're the best! you can email it at
Who will win, Grizzlies or Clippers in game 6?
Overload of #STL sports at the momrnt... #cardinals & #stlblues... it's getting roudy in here!
MaryJane is my girlfriend, but I'm still looking for a boyfriend
Agree about reading anything but... Rand's work puts me in mind of a Dorothy Parker book review...
haha ok ill teach you soon
About to watch inception. Hope it lives up to the hype
Not going to lie. I honestly love new videos. They are awesome(:
Happy Halloween!
Happy mexi day guys ! Drink up that jose cuervo🍸🍻
what type of help?
C'mon , BEAT THE HEAT!
is opening for Nickelback! Just kidding... They're opening for us.
Chris Brown-Another Round <3
I love yu2
would you please blow shit up with me??! ;);) <333
oh I thought that that was Justin's hand.
How R U Ms. H? Hve not seen U n awhile.
question is not only where the jobs are, but where are to good quality jobs.....
I hope I fit into this somehow
whats good wit you
Sorry about that! xP We didn't mean to unfollow you, our twitter has been acting up lol
hope no one saw that! MT : I kept thinking digital dualism, digital dualism. Had to stop yelling at radio.
I had a wonderful day i went to the waterpark with My family and Antoinette and Cami and we said funny and weird things to the life gurads~!
‎#Marathoners! 10miles this Sun. starting @ Arizona & Ocean in Santa Monica. That's a lot of miles! Good luck!
Ha-ha! Yeah, jk. I listen to u every a.m. on way to work, my friend. My dog, too
Failure if it is chasing you will run you into success!
“: Aggressive send there by #Brewers Ed Cedar.” ...that's Sedar to you!
I hear you, and the same is true down here. PhD and research is coming along well-almost done with my advancement paper. (yea!)
Light Weights Are Just as Good for Building Muscle, Getting Stronger
Forget the Golden Globes! I'm about to record Episode 42 with the Chattanooga crew!
The handwriting in Downton Abbey is fabulous.
Watching my kids get ready for their new school is priceless! To be young again...
The brother killed it! Stanley Jordan is a true musical genius. Again, I recommend you check out his show at Catalina Jazz Club.
let's go next week on one of my days off !!!
just read your phone article. So basic and so true. When people have all the answers they are untrainable. Too bad
I LOVE MEG RYAN!!! They say he's secretly married to Meg Ryan! Jack & Diane vs. Harry & Sally!
RT I've got butterflies before this game. I can only imagine what #LBSU feels like taking the court against New Mexico.
I just wish you weren't so attractive. Girls will like never leave you alone.
maybe he is offended by dildos. Bad experience maybe???
That's why I stick w/ ur program! Kickin' it up to #TurboFire advanced cardio this week
I can never tweet anything without making fun of me.
About to sadly board a flight home - I'll miss you P.R.
shut out the spankees at spankee stadium and take the series 2-1! On to Boston to sweep the dead sox! Let's go o's!
fortunately the game is over now... for some reason it was on espn..? i thought espn was for sports. i guess not
Callaway: A number of key regulatory differences exist between payday loans and bank #directdeposit loans...
What's wrong with notch? I haven't paid that close of attention to him in the past. His last day was Fri. so I'll know soon. :)
If someone whispers a word of encouragement or attempts to understand a lonely person , extraordinary things begin to happen - L Firzarris
do it man
fresh italian bread, pastrami,coleslaw, tomatoes,frenchfries - tear into that bad boy.
Building the set today! Hope this Rapture stuff doesn't get in the way of our show opening next week.
From the #pinebeetle to the #carp and now the #snakefish, Stop introducing these things into our natural habitat!! #reallyfuckingthingsup!!!
Thanks for the follows!
probably my favorite tumblr out there. Maybe what the profession needs is: Librarians. Where they do not belong.
$500 dollar offering per person. thank you -Pastor.Adams
Argghh! So sorry. Thanks for letting me know.
Great place! I'm having mine there too !!
definitely outside of my comfort zone
Disney Bets on &#39;The Avengers&#39; After &#39;John Carter&#39;
avi sick were the picture come from m.jordan look wasted
Forgot to mention
Happy birthday to my dad and my bestfrand Sebrina<3
YEs, actually !:) and thank you !
even if no one comes tomorrow, I will still be coming, because you guys rock me so hard.
is max b really denied??
Hey you.. Looking for professional business cards? Contact us today. 500 business cards & design for $80 Contact us for Info | 4074864387
may #chang have mercy on your soul! Love #community!
Have fun chillen. :)
HA that was a great beggining to camp rock 2 XD nick is so funny XD ahahahahah I love it :D and there is a mouse in my wall O_O
Nice process post on long boards from Mike Hoping they'll do a calendar next, check out that last img;)
The Austrian Embassy in DC has an AMAZING Falco shrine. AMAZING.
i'm extraa saldyy about to download her new song. dang, it's not out yet :/
oh stop it :p lol
Took Jackie to the dentist to get last of 4 teeth pulled, what a trooper. She doesn't look that happy right now
Lol Who Lies About Being In A Coma ? SomeBody Please Tell Me ! Lol She Dumb .
Obviously David Arquette is sober but still crazy.
watsup night owl?
Would it be ethical to protest a 7 for 7 trade in a keeper league on principle alone? It's just silly.
Make urself happy first.
Indeed. Although Emily Dickinson managed to go without an audience a damn long time.
“: When they try to kiss you with a dip in. #disgusting #SouthernProblem” see !!!
Yes What time?
well I bet it would for a beautiful girl like yourself
all day every day
i'll probably get to it around 3 once the hangover subsides ;)
Oh, you sag your pants down to your ankles? Yes, your swag is unbelievable.
Be positively expectant about this day, and create a new opportunity for yourself-you have special talents and gifts that need to be shared…
Building Muscle – Top 7 muscle building exercises | Skin Care tips
Come get TOxic with on Party 95 right now!
We have a mostly working version that uses jQTouch (acquired). We think a jQuery Mobile version would be fairly easy to do now.
Had a fantastic day in breck playing beer pong and hanging out with interns at the cabin!
Just had a wonderful conversation with about getting some for MK. So excited to transform our walls!
Needs a fun place for dinner in DC that can accommodate a group of 20 without charging me for a private party...ideas?
“: just said she wear Jordan Heels.”|lairr
Since I have yet to hear back from and its been 4 weeks, endless calls and emails.. can yall suggest a similar site?
"You know that Harry Styles guy that you want to love and marry?" Oh my sister.
An offseason we talk about in twenty years hopefully.
- thanks for the props and shout out to - once you have app, love to hear what you think
You will not believe what a pizza chain is putting in it's pizza... okay, maybe you will. That's in a few minutes on Wake Up.
Tried one-upping Joe Johnson. RT Pierce is 3-4 to start this game. Why does Rondo constantly give up layups?
Isn't amazing how different the father and son are...yet great in their own ways?
For you: if I could I would and if I can't I'll try my best to make it possible.
I can never let go~
That just makes me upset!!! They're Blocking and distracting from the Real Beauty!!! lol
Lets give the cats a welcome home #BBN style! #gocats!!!!
Unless the heat gets the best of me, I'm looking forward to some free fun tonight: taking the to AVAM's Flicks on the Hill!
yo con laura :D
That's a WHOODEY!
It's crazy what happened this past year.. i lost all but 4 people.
RT : #rsda12. Seyfarth. Over a trillion dollars in loaned maturing. 2012 largest level of maturing loAns since downturn
Just got my new powerzone T-shirt!
Does anyone know of a livestream I can get for the USA game tonight...I'm going to be at work...
I didnt like last season, so Im hoping this one's better.
not really. Garnet is past his prime. Do that to a toucan and then I'm impressed.
Tribune and DIRECTV come to an agreement ending four-day blackout.
Supposed to take a 50 min nap.. Instead I sleep for 2 hrs Welp guess I'm not falling asleep tonight
Why is ur last tweet in June? C'mon, ur better than that.
RT : SCAwards Best Enterprise Firewall goes to
I think I have a buddy crush on Dale Thayer. Like it would be real fun to hang out with that guy. Play GoldenEye on the N64.
Really thanking God for the amazing people He has brought into my life. I have spectacular friends. Last night was life changing.
Green Mountain is the best K cup coffy!
re: SM reaches non-academic audience - this speaks to notion that "SM is a low level discourse." T/F?
": It's going down at We got on the 1's & 2's." U get all the good dj's
You're finally using WordPress for the blog--yay! P.S. The link to the Emanate/Topaz release is broken.
When my sister thinks shes stronger than me>>>
much appreciated!!! RT : S/O these v necks in the shoe box are SO nice
Liking that 933 is only playing beastie boys right now. Paul revere just made me sad, the first song I ever learned all the words too.
switch to spotify miss...pandora is weak sauce
This place is jumping. Get down here #Baltimore. We party hard
they gone on a fishing trip
snowing again up in Summit County! Supposed to do this for the next 48+ hours! We can only hope!
I wonder when Cody will announce his spring mall tour dates...?
So what if I sang "Bye Bye Bye" by N*Sync last night for karaoke?! It's a classic! Don't hate :)
yes I do know the secret bahahaha!!!
i just need somebody to love
may be my fav person on twitter. I get to live all these fun LA moments before I even get there :)
Twisted Blues leads off the new album from Blew me away! Don't know how I missed this artist before, but glad this finally found me.
Already did that. (Good thing I never much used it.) RT Dammit. *uninstalls instagram*
I'm hungry. Its days like today I wish someone would just make me a lunch. I always was bewildered at mothers who did that for their kids.
meetings for restoring the Rivoli Theatre are first Wednesday of each month, 6pm, 2nd floor of the Boner Center. Open to all!!
A glove or as some people think dirty. A condom.
“Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind.” Luke 10:27
"Don't Bore Us....Get to the Chorus!"(HitMaking 101) - David Grohl/Foo Fighters
where does he live
No, I haven't. Must go investigate!
what up playboy. Hit me at 901-502-4878
and it tastes god!
Oh and Romney does right. He used to bully gay kids. He's openly said he's against it.
There is a whole bunch of Mana Tapping going on down at Ares Wargames, come join the fun... You know Liliana and Garruk would.
And sometimes there is good news
": Finish this sentence: I'm happiest when I'm…." Moving forward towards my dreams, w/ friends.
I think every couple should own a pet together before they have kids. this is an eye opener to the parenting styles you will have!
Have a sick wee one at home today. I would like to thank science for infrared thermometers.
Hey Ariana !!! Please tweet me. I'll be the happiest guy ever, and you'll make me happy forever :) its all I want please! Xoxo
good point about black coat color and hot weather! I did wonder re humidity there. Chgo was chilly but clear, good 4 running.
always make sure your license plate lights are working, cuz cops brake them when your not watching so they can have a reason to stop you
Missing St Louis. Watching the World Series reminds me of all the things I loved about living in that city. Go Cards!
Gotta love and his bigotessss
thank you now me and have a new nickname for her
Hope all of my former Ryder co-workers in Mexico are safe after the earthquake.
If you could play every song on PVC pipe, why wouldn't you?
Risk assessment is the determination of quantitative or qualitative value of risk related to a concrete situation and a recognized threat.
Since when does my account unfollow people? Uh oh.
Off to the Hudson whiskey tasting at ! Yum!
Prom tonight! Excited doesn't even describe how I'm feeling right now :)
that's the spirit!!
Hey, it's your birthday & you're bat shit crazy. So here's some vodka, now drink up baby!
Blake I am still on follow limit & can't follow. Keep me in touch & I'll keep checking, OK
“I never regret it when I do it, but I always regret it when I don’t.” ⁰— Devin McDonald Vinson
I KNOW. then i made a mistake of reading an interview with winston and watching a whole bunch of videos.
that's good but I'm still not looking forward to it.
pretty excited that started following me today! I still haven't gotten my picture taken for the All in due time! :)
when has the President vilified wealth? Please identify one statement of his that does so?
haha girls have the same problem -.-
Slice of the Week Bay View: cheddar, bacon, red onion and spinach!
": Sometimes I hate you, sometimes I love you."
Guy from Other Books wants 2 make sure we librarians r aware that Boyle's The Absolutist has "homosexual themes." Umm, we're ok with that!
Bourne: needs OA killer apps to exemplify what we can do with the content.
911 memorial coverage local orlando, ch9 cut to comercials, ch 2 nothing channel 6 a little better but not by much How soon they forget!
Nathan, you're at 900 followers!!
If it can happen to the digital experts, it can happen to anyone!
Don’t forget your Right Hand THIS Wed 4.24 for Admin Professional's Day. Treat them to the amazing meal that they deserve
Did you catch MDB’s latest Nostalgicon feature, The Energizer Bunny? Care to guess who’s up next?
I can't believe my birthday was 2 months ago!!
That annoyed moment when your tweet feed is cluttered with lovey dovey shit and you have nothing from your own bf #donewitchu:(
Literally right after my tweet about how boring this game was it starts to finally pick up!
People of Falls Church City! City Council Elections are tomorrow. Get out and vote . . . . and when you do, vote for William Henneberg!
Holy shit. Charles Taylor's prexy campaign slogan: "He killed my Ma, he killed my Pa, but I will vote for him." I'm dumbfounded.
Selling houses and taking names.
bored. and i feel ugly. wooooho.
You have no idea how happy that makes me! Talk about some positive reinforcement today with ! :)
Oh I know, I'm not picking a fight LOL. I enjoy intelligent argument. (:
I promise you if you go see Think Like A Man you will LOVE it! it was so good!! im deffinetly going to see it again!!
Looking forward to seeing you at #FCA2012 & // Be sure to stop by our booth ... we have a huge announcement!
Be on the lookout for a VIP ticket contest around 3pm today, run by our friend ! We'll post more info then.
Ughgh this gurl at Rita's didn't wash her hands but went to make my icce oh no sweety
Sunday, we return to Commercial Taphouse--10pm FREE and ALL AGES!!!
After 11-11-11, today feels a little like the day after Christmas.
Time to hit the gym
The Grammy Awards show is my favorite awards show to watch all year <3
At Slow Club restaurant San Francisco
is his mother a white hispanic or black hispanic?
Anyone wanna win two free tickets to an upcoming show with us and Jamie Lono AND backstage passes to hang with us and him? Contest soon!
RT : I need a burrito in my life pronto.
No, but maybe it is that fantastic glow you have!
Good Morning Twitter Fam!
Love it here!!
omg chad is at steak n shake!!!
What are the best tv shows, and movies of this year of 2012?
So Mahlon Mitchell is Pres of Professional Fire Fighters of Wisconsin & the Milwaukee Professional Fire Fighters endorsed Kleefisch? Ouch.
dont forget to check out my new music at www.myspace.com/tajahsworld
Fuck a relationship
Looking forward to seeing what's new on the dinner menu, !
Gotta love the parity in the NHL. You can have a losing record and still make the run at the cup. You would never see this in the NBA.
it's always good to muck with the content and the application right before the demo right?
Another Early Show then home to repack and off to Ocala!
Has Teague ever shot a layup left handed
you dusting off the old credit card to take the guys from to St.elmo's?
Let's not blame the entire game on Joel Ward.. He has feelings too..
Sometimes I pretend that I don't care. But really, I care more than anyone else ever will.
Work ethic and makeup are off the charts. Wants to win badly, and is a great teammate. Falcons got a great value. Re: Ewing
RT Jaimie Cloud will be speaking about sustainability in education, Fri in Mayo @ 11:30. Join the convo at
hey christian:) how are you?
you were at comiccon? How did I not know this?
Wis. unemployment rate improves in Dec., but loses 3,900 jobs. Dems blame Walker, Republicans note job increases over past year
Ended up finding a couple pairs but it was on my tenth try so I couldn't be choosy.
Got Money and you know it, take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like, this a way, uh-huh, that a way, uh-huh!
I really wish I was at least 23 right now
The final of 4 exhibit openings for “For Nevada With Love” is tonight, 6 p.m. @ Sundance Books.
I've learned that no one can say anything to make something better.. we just have to make things better ourselves.
We Maybe Miles Apart, But Yuor Always In My Heart
Adenoidectomy Video (HD)
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.- John Donne
Do we have any evidence that The Simply Curious or The General Public actually exist as a user group? You bet!
I've learned that people will 4get what u said,people will 4get what u did, but people will never 4get how u made them feel. Luv U Tweeters
rock star? RT #VMworld presentation entry: do I put Speaker Type as Blogger/Partner/? ?
dnt give up on my bulls
Vic Gundotra on curation/opengraph: 'There is a reason why every thought that comes into your head does not come out of your mouth...' :-)
I don't want to be a circus freak anymore
Only at a PMP concert would there be a painted Star Wars themed backdrop behind me
Been there, done that, messed around.
Mapping out the day at createbaltimore# it's gonna be good
ahah yeah . Heard there gonna be hella girls over there
Am so bummed that I missed #THATCamp today at
One follower away from 100...
#Trivia Tuesday warm up! Which actor from a popular MTV show turned down a role on #SNL? Remember, #Trivia starts at 8pm.
#MyFavoritePhrases "Look what ya did ya little jerk!"
Good luck beating Boston, breakfast :P
Does AJ have shares of this Socialcam thing? It won't let me watch the vid unless I download the app. Hm
THAT DUDE IS CRAZY.... Thank god most of us have more sense to know the bible and REALITY is far from that!
Prop table with a glass of wine ... You Don't Bring Me Flowers ... sans Babs.
totally! can't wait for the beta test drive :)
"What's your nationality?"
If you get a tesla, we are having a muscle car vs tesla race. Most random race ever.
Thanks for the #followfriday notice!
Study on the beach??? Why not :)
i just dont know what to do anymore
Classy move right there.
Don't you want to stay here a little while?
I don't get why I'm goin to school if tomorrow is Friday
I thought I was the only one... There is comfort now.
Lots of NEW Wire-O Journal designs available at your local Barnes & Noble NOW (look in the bargain section)!
People who are UNIQUE
WISHING U AND UR FAMILY MUCH LOVE ON THIS PASSOVER...........
#FeelBetterAustin Love you :)
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your Mass Ave. store. We appreciate you !
We are now delivering for Which Wich & Texadelphia!
Nice morning about to begin in working on the storyline for Hopeville
It might not be tomorrow! ;)
Silent House :O
LOVE IT!
RT : Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah! // :)
RT : Just heard it! Crazy good! RT : Congratulations on the release of your sophomore album!
why you say that
OH: "Oh look, a speculum!"
Remember when you covered 's father's "Summertime"? Your cover was hip and cool
Just paid off my credit card for the first time
Isn't there one on Harford already, and a 24 hour Walgreens as well?
BIG thanks to Collaborative for Enterprise Development & for awarding investment checks to 4 entrepreneurs at Flex Fund!
One woman told me: "I don’t like snakes. Even the ones that men have attached to their bodies.”
lmfao. From what I've been told I did hahaha
"He could've stuck that if he knew some #IndieMusic"You don't need to know #Indie, you just need to name the more obscure band
Book hangover (that's when you read a book the night before, and still feel it in the morning).
Coincidentally, I'm wearing my "The Fred Sanford Memorial Museum" tote. Sanford & Son aired on NBC from '72-'77.
This guy will not leave!!!!!
watching the sun rise anywhere else >>>>>>>>>
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO! COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS! LINE STARTS AT 6PM! $10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!!
For most salon owners thinking up salon marketing ideas can be a thankless chore. Is it for you?
#Celebrate the #stayhomereadball with ! What will you #read?
I still feel like we.played pretty well despite the loss. We'll make the right adjustments and come back strong.
Sippin on a 40 oz....of water! Life in, life out!
Going to #NY tomorrow for the #Artexpo fair! Who is going? Will be there Thurs-Fri.
will someone explain to me why rubbing candle wax on guitar strings to mellow them out also makes them stay in tune much better than before?
Happy that the NY teams: NY Yankees, NY Rangers.. lol even the Mets won. I can care less for the Lakers. I ain't from LA Haha
This may be my last post ever. Bye! Just in case...
If your dog or cat is vomiting frequently bring in for exam.
in my house. Trying to stay away from you o.o
leadoff guy who can't bunt = chavez. Or do anything else a leadoff hitter or MLB player does.
DJ Chucky Chuck's Night Out this Saturday Night after the FunkFest In Orlando @ The Amvet!!!! Doors open at 9 PM!!!
I always smudge!
On way to school grr lol
You are so welcome! Keep up the great work!
Jealous that I cant be at the sold out Portlandia live shows in DC.
But it's so FKN good I have to eat it all!
I'm following just to piss her off. Muahahahahhahahaa
": lllllllmmmmmmmaaaaaoooooooooooo you guys are funny ;>)" O! Bianca said the A word!!!!!
"even though our love will never be bonded together, i'll still love you forever." what doesnt kill you makes you stronger. keep going
EXTENDING BOSTON RESTAURANT WEEK through August 28th
Feed the soul, starve the ego.
Someones playing a game with Stubhub on Devils Rangers tickets. $11 tix on sale for less than a min, others start at $200! Need $11 tix
The only thing between me and yo bitch is a latex
Go you! I'm about to do the same. Lotsa work to do. Happy writing!
you are a fan, you don't have fans and don't need to have a follower of the month or whatever. its stupid and I'm judging you
I chose a weird day to watch Glee ...
"Trouble" by will be spun by my goodfriend on the roofs of greektown this weekend. Possibly a scratch mix too. Haha
#Overheard at the #canyouwalkaway exhibit: "I never even knew stuff like that still existed."
I might just watch a Disney classic tonight. Which one?
i woke up this morning to niggas on my roof with hammers, breaking shit, im finna go out side with that bullshit, i just went to sleep
Need to dig out some good soup recipes: Potato Leek or Orzo Chicken Soup?
Who's Got Your Back event is a great opportunity to bond with your work team #wgyb thanks definitely buying the book now
“: It's Tuesday n I wanna get out hm I wonder if wanna go to tonight” come on down.
She said SOME. Do you know how to read? And yeah, Beliebers ARE involved in this drama like they always are.
Lib lefty corporate #msm soon will have to start calling out Mitt Romney on out and out lies...won't they?
Best of luck to our Juilliard Jazz students who are doing their Juries this week!
It's so funny when people run to class..
#NBA All-Star festivities and the #Oscars = great tv weekend.
Elena, a Russian movie about the haves vs. the have-nots. Beautiful, some perfect dialogue and relationships portrayed.
At the orthodontist.....:/
Can you follow me i just followed you!!!!!!!!!!
can I have your practice jersey? Please?
"Love of beauty is Taste. The creation of beauty is Art." -Ralph Waldo Emerson :) Lovely Sunday morning to our beloved clients & followers!
I think library space is like highways. The more you build, the more it gets taken up.
We're doing the bone dance you dance and you learn it again and again 'til you get it right
haha & ur warning us on twitter? #ThatsSoRaven of u :p I actually don't mind it, its easier to view everything
Debating if I want to make meatballs or not
Hi Kate, I can't get your blog to load. It says there is a problem with the syntax. Just wanted to let you know! -Amanda
Always lovely to see you RT On my 4th meeting today & it's only 11am!! Love days like this!!
I work the night shift this week 3:30pm to 11:30pm. Boss told me to pick which day I want off. I'll take tomorrow stick! MIA vs NY
Only grad school makes me feel both confident and insecure simultaneously...as well as cool and nerdy. It's a strange place...
it's not to late!
A wise said when things are going well bask in it lol.
So bummer I missed you today . I'll see you soon!!! xx,B
Omfg why is Angelica so fing beautiful. I wanna be her
I love acting like I don't hear things.
April fools..?
excited to offer lopsided trades and get indignant when they get [rightfully] denied
I have a lot of links and references for Social Media Network analysis. Email me!
Did I hear you have an idea for a show??
good point, I hear Mexico City is lovely in November. I'll just need a few AK's and a bullet proof car.
Thank you!!
Congrats on win and making the playoffs
Why do boys always take things so seriously?
Hollywood bound! show tonight!
I believe there is a generational divide among Black ppl when it comes to LGBT issues. No wonder sum their churches look empty these days.
i like the show tanked they make the best tanks
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 330
#Scoutblast in Lawrenceville was a blast! It was really incredible this year - a huge improvement over last year! Had a great time!
Empowerment comes from within. But it is by learning strategies that you are able to stay the course.
Headed to basketball practice
...worship can never be a performance, something you’re pretending or putting on. It's got to be an overflow of your heart..." -Matt Redman
several yrs ago I have.
Ginger Snap Crafts: stenciled outdoor side table {tutorial} + ...
There is just something relaxing about hitting balls at the driving range, alone..I needed that.⛳😄
Get the excitement of a game and pleasure of a win. Useful product line is available at incredibly low prices....
haha u dumb
very much looking forward to 's talk tomorrow morning. Thanks to for bringing him to #DePaul!! #videogaming,
Special Love for those of you who shared PRAYERS, downloads, personal stories, medical advice, & forwarded "Mama Dream"
Movie and a beer, Michael Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer and an old favorite White Rascal! McConaughey, you wiley minx!
I still like the thought that the Astros are going to the AL West and will be reaching their prime when Texas finally falls off
I mean super distant right.
pacer nation buddy, congrats on the playoff birth, you've meant so much to this team and community we hope your a pacer forever!
This dude ova here talkin bout he get the YUTT aha, Ooh do you now??
It is to bad beer and watching sports isn't on that infographic!
which one
yo dudes is on Leno tonight
Soo excited my Patriots are in the Super Bowl!!! Anyone with me? Or against me? hehe
Gonna give a wedgie when I see him
Mexican food, why can you no has small portion size
looks like we are still on for lunch with on Tuesday! Woo hoo! ^ds
YO! Text me back I gotta ask you somethin fooooo!
I bet Paul McCartney's pissed he doesn't have any grandkids named Vera, Chuck OR Dave.
Attention, Hoosiers. Careful with those spray tans. The line between sexy and oompa-loompa is thin and easy to cross.
for that I will add your email to every daily deal site on the planet :)
hunger games movie!!!! Ah who is in it?!
Mad at Y100 right now 2 bad songs in a row, bo
Pink eye fantastic -____-
are you going to Cambodia? Its my favorite place ever! The New York times just did a piece on it in their Travel section 3/4
And now i am, at 1 a.m. Thanks. :P RT : And now I am too. RT : Suddenly craving a cookies and cream shake.
Best thing about Thursday is that tomorrow is Friday
LOL yo I feel that!!! RT : It sounds like fuckin RIO outside!!!
I mean I didn't want to have to say anything but I would prefer to not have to look at your arm hair.............
But aren't we used to it by now? Doesn't the witch hunt vibe almost define games as the future? It's a good thing.
Loved you once. Love you still, always have, always will 
the funny thing about facebook is you can talk about one person and it makes 20 others think it's about them
This looks like a 2k score..with a first time player on Hall of Fame.
so I never made it for beignets, mother's po boy got the best of me! next time!
well wtf did i do then?
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY if not ill drop dead
Time to walk Buddy, our miniature dachshund - gets 3 walks each day - rain, snow, or sunny days! What a life . . . wish I had it!
I guess prices have to go down to keep up with the economy
I don't see josh in the finals but maybe colton.
Looking forward to seeing you here in NOLA, former boss!
it happens >.<
m, gotta pick one. Early party them maybe back to your place latenight?
$$$$..i think u know what im getting at...smile
HVAC Maintenance will extend the life of your equipment and will help with the correction of small problems before the system collapses.
where you going next?
ILY you are real funny but you speak the truth
Watching American Idol :)
Time for the tribe to win another series.
the fact that lisps are symbolic is one of the more useful, and yet most overlooked features of that family of languages
Mini twist takedown has commenced.
RT : Rest in peace ETTA JAMES
I'm not an asshole, I'm just honest. If you look like a whore in your picture that's exactly what I'll comment on it.
The Great Champion: He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city." Pr.16:32
I don't know why I just got a press release for "Momagers," but I WOULD HAVE THOUGHT OF A BETTER PORTMANTEAU FOR THEM IF THEY'D ASKED.
he should have thrown, never understand the decision not to throw unless injury related
Goodbye (for now), New England.
what? we're donating organs to facebook? they already have all my personal information and my soul.
Pumped for jax tomorrow!!
The Cville Municipal Band gives their 90th (yes, 90th) annual spring concert on Tues, 8pm. FREE, at Dickinson Auditorium at
How do you get people of disparate interest and backgrounds to come together? Give them something fun and constructive to do together.
damn pimpin we gotta chop it up before u go ma dude
F2F (NOLA) attendees get free access to the Virtual Conference archives after July 18
We will always love you! RIP
Challenged with Deleuze disdain for human/pet relationships, Manning responds "I have cats, so I have to disagree with Deleuze"
Did he really?
No, stop that :)
ha ha ! Let's hope we don't get the dreaded double jinx.
You're still around, so that means something.
because they used Disc Cloners Plus, Inc. for their DVD duplication?
It's all or nothing. We are gonna lay it all on the line today girls. State. State. State. Let's win state!
your such a sweet heart 💜
There's just something about the song Enchanted by that makes it so magical. It's one of my favorite songs of all time. <3
I love it when an interviewer gives an interviewee just enough rope…yes, I am talking about you.
Hello twitter. How u all doing??
I'm such a bad texter-backer sometimes. My friends deserve better, I'm sorry!
have great night training I'm cheering for you!
Im at the moms crib
Radio Song by R.E.M.
Mr Big Shot
Preparing for weekly CRM project team conference call...excited abt launching Phase II technology upgrade...
God how do I think of this stuff it's gold.
Lady Gaga or yours truly?
Motorola is reviewing inside v outside spend by practice area and creating strategies to reduce costs.
BIG PARTY TONIGHT AT THE MAC BAR TRUST ME EMPHAMOUS B WILL BE IN THE BUILDING
avoid the seams. if the shoes r good (1st bravo on picking an excellent shoe) then the stitching is re-enforced.
Did you see Gomez throw out Gordon on that SB attempt? And what a tag by Gomez. And Gomez just struck out Kemp.
When you have a junk-food craving, down a glass of water immediately. You feel full quickly and avoid the calories.
I have the same goal. Good luck.
Not only do we know God through Jesus Christ alone,but we do not even know ourselves except through Jesus Christ. Blaise Pascal.
Glad we can help.
Yes how have you been?
MODELING AGENCY, ARTIST DEVELOPMENT, SPECIAL EVENT PRODUCTION, PUBLICITY CONSULTATION: ALL in 1->>> TKO ENTERTAINMENT---> add
haha we'll just have to see about that.lol.
Too true. 😝 RT : Nights that end with taco bell, usually make the next morning start with taco bell coming out your end.
I wanna do ya dirty
wednesday nite got drunk w/white chapel & my boys after show sal of uabb and steve stm got all fukd up & got in a fight some1 stole my stuff
": I don't matter if i can't sing, whenever and wherever 1D's playing i'm proudly gonna sing."
Congressman Sensenbrenner is pushing his REAL ID scam again. If you would like to join the opposition coalition, I can put you in touch.
And the pregnant girl is dressed like a slut. Guess she didn't learn her lesson.
this is where you earn your stripes....last 5 mins of game 7 hockey...
All right all right all right, Lol (Kevin Hart)
i hve #FCAT on tuesday ha ;p
Thank you Ms Marcy! I hope you are doing well!
I know! I'm hype 4 it lol
I love this part of the night. An empty stage waiting for us to own... We're at jacks tonight. 9:30 -dg
Dear HS Self: If you become a librarian sooner rather than later you will save yourself a lot of $$ in overdue fines.
hahaha...that's awesome!
Please excuse me while I call out some people lol
I buy far too many books for the reader I wish I was. I tend to buy but not read biographies and classics. Lots of them.
(( oh don't worry.... if she freaks out, she wont show it at the house. Lol she's still getting used to things. Lol ))
Loving Rick Santorum is loving Christ. Believe in Rick Santorum to earn a spot in Heaven with Him (Christ lol)
Time to get some rest. Pressure washing on the strip late tonight. If those strip solicitors stay out of my way it would be nice.
oh good! I'm ready to play a game with someone I can soundly beat!
Gonna go get make some shirts with Autumn ;D
I hear you on that! Writers will always run into writers' block...don't like it when it happens though.
brittney bear!! You look BEAUTIFUL.
Why do people take photos in the nastiest places? Have some class, that's just disgusting
one could divide people in this world into two categories: those who would make mama cass fat jokes and those who would not
bout to work out
OOPS I mean 10:30pm, coming up, on LIVE on KIRO 7
#protopeeps tell me what you think of the new
I have to lodge an official complaint. The championship cup has a leak! Half of the champagne is gone!
also they make us play with $10 and $100 chips because all the $5 chips being used in other games
Hey fus what exactly does pups tactical processor do?
suckers of dicks.
followed :) can u give us a shoutout?x
It you uncover a legitimate complaint, address it with poise. Expect to make mistakes. Pick your battles. Spend time well.
Do you have that wonderful Christmas Wine again this year??? ;)
um you are the sexiest thing alive.
- cool. You moved out, I moved in. I'm in #eastie now, was in Allston Ghetto for 3 years.
The only way to take America back to THE PEOPLE & away from WALL STREET is to take away their weapon - MONEY.
OH, wait. We're really buying a tricycle and riding it to the beach? FUN! We gon get ran over!
Others may value your work. But don't let them decide what box to put u in. Define your talent and stick to it. Amen! Can I get a retweet!
When are you starting?
I would be bitching too if I was a #Lakers fan. #Heat haven't been outscored by 30 in all both their losses combined
i am
A new film that documents an infamous event in Chicago (I saw it from a Wrigley-adjacent rooftop) that counters the "friendly confines"...
the ref. librarian I interviewed told me I would never be rich or respected, but would have an interesting job. Hm...
I have read your column regularly throughout the season. Good Work!
Send in your design ideas before a school wide site introduction.
I love Vincent's hat. Especially his superman hat. Lol :D
Look closely at your surroundings.
well meh. Why would that interest me?! hahah but he is coming to Indy. July 29th!
America losses it's triple A rating for the 1st time in history, Obama change you can believe in. Feeling it yet?? www.bruzzesiforpres.com
good luck to shabazz, he will be a great player no doubt
will sandy be staying too? :D or
Found the courthouse for the Motion Hearing, Acosta et al vs.Huppenthal et al.
Hey Gang! We updated our menus with some great new items. Check out the Vegan Macaroni and Cheese, or the Comet Cuban! Available now!
Hey tweeples! What do you think the #biscuits record will be this year?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ! Celebrating w/Dora in #217 WE <3 cuz he's the best Mascot in BBall!
how are you liking your BO food? I'm giddy about it! :)
www.youtube.com/180filmsnetwork or www.180films.com
Tmrw on our blog: Suzanne Lummis narrates the journey of a pot from the hands of its creator Nampeyo to its place as Lummis family heirloom
Dez Bryant is a one man army! He needs the Randy-Ratio* Those 2 TD's could be way more with more looks! Come on Romo!
Knowledge Base as an Extension of Distance Learning Reference Service
no way pat.
it'd be so simple yet so wonderful, if you were to be mine.
Dinner Break! 30,175... Blinds are probably 250/500 when we get back.
we were very close. we listened to the same old music, had the same terrible sense of humor, and even looked alike.
Lay me down (;
Never follow someone who does not take their own advice=preachers in today's news.
Justin Bieber. Don't you worry. Under the mistletoe WILL be number one.
Whenever old guard MSM cringes re the Net's effect on news, I think -- really? After TV? You complain now?
thanks, Jan. I track him down.
Folloe me please!!! I love you!! Beautiful
Can't be mad at the guy for going to Det. Contender, and hell make 65000 a day for the next 9 yrs
#Bulls Noah (ankle) 'most likely out' for Game 5
you are so sweet guys should be taking lessons from YOU on how to treat a lady!
Ringin it in with tequila in Austin. No place else I'd rather be. Vamanos 2012
hi there, Anne mentioned I connect with you
Got my ticket to the Sheryl Lee Ralph and Jennifer Holiday book signing tonight. Guaranteed I'll be the youngest person in the building. Lol
Excited about the Personalizing Your Course training session.
I like how the barbie has pink camo to blend in with the irradiated trees.
CHILDREN HAVE STRESS IN THEIR LIVES. THEY SEE EVERYTHING AND YET HAVE NOONE TO SHARE THEIR BURDEN. THINK OF THE KIDS FIRST
No way could you be scared if you Zumba Zumba!! =D claims she's scared too! HA! =D
You seem to be DMing all my friends, but haven't got any from you. All I want is for you to say that you love me♥
I really really really hate my hair.
what the fool?! 😳
The sad truth is, I guess it was about time.
Sending love some tweethearts
bald head need rogaine.
Watching the PBS special on Charles and Rae Eames. Charles Eames, "Eventually, everything connects." I love this quote.
lol same to you! Nice meeting you
Be with me Jesus. The waxing is about to ensue...
thanks for following me and ill make sure too check out your music:)
Oh yayyy! I voted last night! I'm so glad! Wubzy is totally the cutest.
will be a household name....
and I just found some blue, purple and red dye in my bathroom! Thank god for having a 14 yr old sis who constantly changes her hair color!🙏
What goes around comes around. That's what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
I would be just because slim fast is so unhealthy! Lol
We are too!!!
Secretariat the movie is an awesome and inspiring story. Disney back to the level of excellence I grew up expecting! Big Red Bravo!
7 track til completion of the upcoming mix-tape from F.O.E Da Clique. yes we looking for a DJ to host email info to
come see TR Reid at the Portland Public Library tonight at 5:30!
you can't seriously think that the celtics are gonna beat the heat 😭😂
I litter just so that the guys picking up trash for community service have something to do.
hey, I'm going to bed and sleep. Night.
just followed
get some well deserved sleep :)
This Wednesday starts my Jr. Production Designer position with the Indiana Historical Society! Yes!
how due u look ?!
lol as always...:D
Looking for A list Actor from New York Area for feature in Philly. For Killer Role contact me if intrested
#RIP #Steve. Our world will miss you!!!!
is there another way to do the secret nodes on ascension to unlock the door with chains on it?
My family is irreplaceable, they mean the world to me. ☺
Describe what "Impact" Twitter will have on Journalism in the future?
#brdidc11 Microsoft Academic Search has API!
5/27 "Memorial Day Mayhem" live performances by Pusha T, King Louie n Cubana Lust on the pole!!! Tix available a DTLR!!!! -
Question: Do you prefer: CD/DVD or Digital Download? Can't decide? Check out www.cfnmusic.com for CFN Music CD/DVD, Dropcards, and Mp3s!!!
! time for some flix. night all!
. rocking some sharp design in her visuals supporting a talk on Reality Ends Here, an arg for USC SCA students
olympic skatepark today :D
I hate ghosts.
you're right. Let's get two sticks of dynamite.
If you have a Bush then do I have an Obama?? O.o
Instead of changing the facts of a story to make yourself feel/look better, be honest w/ yourself & start by changing your character.
All should be back to normal now. Please let us know if you see any issues.
That's wonderful, many congratulations!
#hate crimes in #sanDiego after recent attack on #Iraqi woman, many question if hate is behind the attack, join the discussion
I wish you have the best birthday ever
Thanks, Fucky, now I have Rick Ross in my head. I mean his song "Like A Boss" NOT him shirtless.
Loongg week w/ hurdles to go. But no complaints - I have a home, a garden, a healthy family and life flowing thru my veins!
Yeah man! What day you thinkin'?
how.d the track end up?
it's not "what you did" but it's what you haven't done yet. Come watch us at Wall Street in the Boro on 1/14!
donee posted ot all over my facebook (y)
Thanks for RTs
Nice video.
You rock Morgan Freeman!!
i want a picture of that new 'ink' you got, it looks freakin' amazing!
Giving Blood Today ...Yay For O Negative
Aloha, No I haven't seen them, perhaps one day I will ;)
One thing that's great about this Friday is that starting tomorrow, I'll be off work for 10 days!!! YAY!
The show tonight was off the chain!
If you have any doubt that Junior Seau touched lives, read at #JuniorSeau and those of
happy mother's day! PS:Please kiss Justin for me if you see him around:)) Thanks!:)
i'd be sad if they didn't go though
if you have any smog check questions give us a tweet and we will be glad to help you out :)
Guess Ill just sleep in here tonight then
Get well soon☺
My mom keeps calling me bra, bra.
tuolomne? RT : Thanks for the suggestion, it looks like it doesn't open till July 5th.
Great meeting with committee member. Start prospectus over with a clearer topic and argument.
just doing my part, Smooth.
You should still miss Ami. That's why we feel.
We pick 18th
RT: See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time. - Robin Williams
While Republicans debate...Obama ends wars.
speak for yourself.
Homework homework homework and a few papers due
No more fooling myself, I am going to be an old maid and not complain about it in any way, shape or form.
Whoohooo! is considered "industry!"
Chicken on the bone is best eaten with hands.
Cause in the end boy, your gonna want another round.
Warped Tour 2010! Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour? See us there Los Angeles County! Wear plenty of sunscreen! <3
Peyton Manning should return to Tennessee where it all started.
Hi Jacky hope you have a great Sunday you are the best !!!
- just gave shout out to Minneapolis for having a public #arts fund. Woot woot
I hate that I've woken up in a world where Daniel LaRusso is in another World Series. Most. Overrated. Manager. Ever.
No power here in the Greentree neighborhood. Where are you?
I'm so tired I could eat a horse.
Thank you for your time this evening! All of us appreciate what you do.
So, I avoided Twitter & Facebook & the internet in general just so I wouldn't find out the winner of The Voice. I just watched the episode.
Anyone have a recommendation for a cooking class in #Hanoi? All the classes seem expensive.
Mini bad beat at the Riv poker room, any full house beaten gets paid. S See us in the room for full details
After comparison shopping for gas for this week's Test Driving San Diego column, I discovered that I am a big, fat fuel idiot.
Yo L, What Up, I Hit, What Else, Plus Dome, Say Word, And We Got It On Tonight
new icon!! me and my boyfriend:)) <3
Oh is it follow Friday? Do take me back a year to two years ago and tell your friends about us.
great writeup 2nite Jeremy! Boy Monta really went nuts at the end there Jim and I were nearly speechless!
#joke of the day: local #schools prep students "to use tech they will use IRL" by buying them all #WINDOWS TABLET PCs.
If you will stay in faith, God will not let the enemy have the last laugh. You will have the last laugh.
Don't drink the water ;)
Just saw some chior kids ask a girl to prom in 4 part harmony #classy #nocamera :(
I could go all day!! From now on #whenever I'm bored I'm going to be thinking up
Along with the Upper St. Clair choir today, we're also featuring the Pitt Women's Chorus. So happy to hear them during our #GLEEfulweek !
LA SKINS FEST Celebrates 5th Year.Autry NATIONAL CENTER and NBC/UNIVERSAL sponsoring screenings,events and youth tours.wwwlaskinsfest.com
I mean really! The stuff that comes out of his trashcan face smh
Home Depot was playing The Story of Us! You bet my best friend and I had a little dance party down the wood isle.. ;)
It is always wise to listen carefully & choose substance, & enduring principles, over the false appearance of immediate, short-term gain!
The fact my mom bought chinese only for herself -__-
Random, but I think my love of sci-fi is much stronger than it should be.
I'm pushing for streeter or miller. Common
We reserved our season tickets for - the smile still hasn't left my face. So excited!
he was in town for Letterman
Hopefully, yes. :) We're going to the game super early tomorrow, so we can try and meet him and Chris Paul.
u didnt hit the strip?
i know this has to be the real Kelly kelly, i don't even know why i asked if you where or not sorry lol. :)
Back from the final four.
I like scramble eggs -please hah
All YMCA of Greater Richmond branches will be open normal business hours tomorrow.
yeah, she's gorgeous
I just sent it.
im not friends with her bc shes friends with christian
I miss him though..
I need more followers :(
Someone needs a timeout.....preferably me
Who's folding? RT : RT : Hoping to set a world record at #TXLA12 on Thursday... 1,000+ Origami Yodas folded at once!
Took a cold shower. Screamed, "if can do it!" through the while thing.
omg this episode is so intense. I actually liked Orson though :/ #DesperateHousewives [season4, episode 13]
According to Wolfram Alpha, 500 million GB is 5 times the storage capacity of Data on ST:TNG. /via
Nothing wrong with as the office. We approve.
great just great dumbersss
i wish my dream came real... he makes my body warm every night... waiting for the real one...
Dear Santa, What do I want for Christmas this year? Your list of all the nice guys.<3
yes! One of my favorite bands just released their album on clear vinyl. Im starting a collection, but missing one thing....
that's bad, Damnit I knew I was doing something wrong..Hahaha. they really truly are DUMB sometimes...good lord.
When I was your age I was raising pokemon, not babies.
Last #sportsbiz rant: if you have to keep implying you are a social media or sports marketing leader...you're just a self promoter.
I never stopped loving.
So, much of the lineup is a mystery. Yodeling girls is still a possibility.
You're not afraid of love. You're just afraid of not being loved back.
I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me.
#winechat is the best! Too bad I just missed most of it this evening. Looks like a great one with great attendance! Cheers.
calm down there Drake
Sounds like Westmoreland on 'Oriental' disregard for life. "Great powers can't overcome Afghan genius for self-slaughter"
RT : Is Purple gonna make it onto the ballot this year?!?
it's been down for hours...what on earth happened over there? Nuclear bomb? :)
Trying to maintain my motivation. Only 2 more weeks of spring semester!
RedHawk, would say something like this, huh? Ladies, remember he's a man when you gaze apon that photo, cheers!
Just landed #Union Station. Beautiful day +beautiful people= Ficelle day.
LASIK surgery has been a successful vision correction procedure for more than 20 years.
Studying hard!
RT Head's up, Ohio State - the E! News crew & I are in town! Meet us 12:30 in front of Ohio Union & I'll interview you!
So glad I'm done with graduations.
Welcome to the Twitterverse! Looking forward to our Twittversations. ~Link See you in Orlando!
I'm not sure what our neighbors included in their "open bar" but my roomies are hella f'ed up.....
Itchy eyes, bare legs, can't lose.
nap before 6am telethon duty. gay husband 2# called to see how i am tonite, i had salmon & my pigtails pulled at work by a nice drunk guy
Well, didn't want to speak for you. But yeah, a defining moment for a big slice of our community, if not exactly of our generation...
Oh my goodness the back of my legs hurt!!
Hmm. GUC invite says no denim. But this is Austin. Thinking of being a rebel tonight.
#KentuckyDerby insider tip #2: you cannot hail a cab on Frankfort Ave or Bardstown Rd, though your arm waving is comical. You actually CALL.
Woah there, nice try. I almost gave a fuck.
The Texas Rangers have lost 2 in a row. Yu may all now begin to panick!!!
This week has been the worst week...ever. Honestly, nothing could top this. Nothing.
Remember when Green Day was good?
happy to help in any way I can. Just let me know.
Can't wait for new episode of BATTLE OF THE EXES.
how much of a discount do you get?
Question to all the dudes out there: Why does all mens body wash smell awful? Just wondering.
"I just found out there's no such thing as the real world, just a lie you've got to rise above."
the disk wont work on my computer >:( i dont think i can do my homework
we've been very happy with DirecTV at our house. Get the sports pack and HD DVR for much less.
Just got back from lunch with my son Joey! It was good to spend time with him alone....
#2011regrets As corny as it may sound, I have none. Any mistakes I have made, i've learned from.
jess, were you ging to suggest asia 9?
I so want some floral pants
IRAR = Internationally Recognized Awesomeness Representative = me! xD
I'm scared to click that link.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by. -Lucille Ball
": Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna..."
successful politicians only take credit. Responsibility belongs to others => irresponsible.
Roman's revenge ♥ u roman reloaded will be the best album ever!!! RT if u thinl so
Yeah screw this I'm not doing homework
Enjoying the tweets from #DemandCon -- wanted to attend this year, but couldn't. Would love to hear some attendee reviews & feedback!
So far, the future is full of the clutter of our lives
looks like Stalin.
Thank you for the Gluten free Christmas menu!!
Hope the Brewers get good weather today!!! GO BREWERS!!!!!
In Mather Tower for maybe the last time ever? Weird.
Can you please follow me back?<3
great! Feel free to ping me for more details!
wow that's a cool story. Junior seau was the man.
my superstars never choked gtfo im going to eat... Enjoy being miserable soon.. one whom is named after wade
hahaha wow. Well I missed my class this morning for the second time in a row :( I slept in AGAIN!
In 14 weeks,
haha. for you.
How's #140cuse??
“: The higher your hair is, the closer you are to heaven:)”hahahhaaha I love this quote!!!
“: There's a company that lets you send animal poop to anyone you want to get even with via mail." deff doing this
Thanks, Amie! I feel good my youthful mortification & naivete have been so fruitful in terms of my work.
Thanks for posting this link. #NWP rules!
Come on in and get a slice of our home made apple pie! Tastes great with a cup of coffee! And we're handing out free coffee coupons!
My mom just bough me a mini cake and cupcakes with Justin Bieber rings. Yay
They keep the beards in Denver.
kick some ass today
thanks for follow! I just reorganized my cellar this weekend! What's your most prized bottle?
it's the dilemma that we end up in by swallowing our pride and thinking that that one is diff den da rest
Theres some pretty awesome things trending right now... Just sayin
Drivin my moms car home while she erides in her new car... Grrr luky lol
RT ": took the day off and doing all good me things" - You deserve it! Happy Birthday!
haha yes! they stood there for like 5mins waving and Harry blew a kiss and then they went to sound check
I want to start biking in the foothills. Problems: my bike weighs a ton & has no gears (it's retro) & Bodie hates bikes. Conundrum.
You're on the path, grasshopper.
never tweets anymore.
early night tonight, #night twitter
not fun.... Actually that sucks hope the phones didn't die.
My love Please Please Follow me PLEASE Love You :D #JustinandhisteaminBrazil!!!!!!
Sea turtles, giant squid and octopus in HD.. I'm so addicted to the Discovery Channel!!!
Too true. This was taken last week :-)
Whats up Frankie, hit me up in my DM and let me know bout those trax.. Orphanz™
The One is going to be on TV...I had a love affair with that movie in high school...
Always Messing The Mood Up
digg: Fossil feast for 'z… | Twitter Template Blog
prob!! I will be too for alil then talk to him and I'll just be like O.O :O
At this point, if Signature+Ford's hired Natsu to direct HELLO, DOLLY!, I'd withdraw all my reservations.
aww just saw the pic u tweeted!! love it :)
no im horrible haha I just do it because I like going to the meetsb
Penny Stocks Pick: When you think of trading penny stocks, the major
Keep eating your fav foods in moderation to avoid a slide back after loosing a few pounds. Total deprivation triggers off a bingeing cycle!
Everything you do is more than coincidence. You're purposefully trying to mess with me.
noo it will totally fit easily but its just not as big as the main stage
At this rate, you may need to take your show on the road. Are there any celebrities in Antioch (not ) you can pester?
lol...the world has embraced what black men have been saying for years
Just had a nice textual conversation with Susan Epps about meeting up for college trip
Friday at last! :) Hope everyone has a great day and a fabulous weekend! :)
in 1 scene he went from a traditional Mex song 2 a disassembled jazz piece 2 show character's interior. Don't hear that today.
A thousand times I've failed Still Your mercy remains And should I stumble again Still I'm caught in Your grace
Let me know if you would like to get the same cologne cheaper at perfumeseven.com
Shout out to for following me
Hey sign up w/our street team today at the Environmental Fair for Envirofest and receive $75 in driving credit! 3:30pm-5pm!
My face is so smooth today....
Someone just spit into the fan and it hit me in the face.. Or is it raining?
I have heard you need to watch several shows and then it gets much better. I stopped after two. Painfully boring
I disagree. Love you... but disagree.
this is true....RT : your the perfect woman, any man would be lucky to have you... Wish I didnt mess up..
Thanks for the K!
The most difficult part of #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday is painting while wearing spiked football pads.
"20off" should do the trick RT : Hey any chance the 20off code is still good today?! Help a Yuppie out?
** groan ** RT : How come nobody asks when "Jaws" movies jumped the shark? Get it?
~~ somebody that I used to know ~~~~~ #np by Gotye
did u do the big chop?
I like to spend my breaks at work anxiously checking the clock to see when my break is over.
that's my favorite car freshener. I tend to forget them in my car after a late night.
Something better is coming up it caught my eyes.
may I use ur name in this book me and my friend are writing :D? Please :)
I was so disappointed I missed it last night but to my delight its on tonight! Thank God!!
Haha, nope, that's the hubby!
Platinum Brigade is following back....AMEN!
Love it !
Joshua you are smooth as silk! Insane how good you were tonight! Yes!
He was on the wrong side of history. Hopefully more people will come around.
Glad u r here! RT : Thrilled to be at the #cysummit!
you should cover "Friday".. See if you can make it bearable haha
C can spell non-negotiable! ALWAYS notice Jack Daniels. That's non-negotiable.
Is there interesting in fantasy MMA? We are thinking of adding it soon.
brooks is our "best" d-man and it looked like we had no d.... Nuff said.
#LoveWhenYou dont judge me when im drunk
If I Had a Gun I would kill the person who created all hard drugs...
Call Me Maybe #trending Love the video
Thanks for the tweet, Max. Glad you like it!
its brutal!
& Are DATING!!!! I wonder if he will love her as much as he loves himself? #NP Stronger by Kanye West on
Thank you! I hope you win. Sorry for the typo! :-p
Wait, has a twitter? And it's a Christmas miracle!!!
If your grabbing your crotch your not circumcised.
Watched a few Greg McCoy kick return highlights... can definitely see why the Bears drafted him. Looks like he can be elite returner.
Whatever, he owes Papi dinner now. RT : Seriously, what value does Punto bring to this team?
Had an amazing #Easter! Love seeing lives changed by Christ.
Today's workout with was great this body ain't going stay in shape by doing nothing stay fit ladies
;D and when we hear that perfect english grammar everyone will be splendidly shocked and elated! :D
yummy,,,,, watch out for the monito... lol
come on you can do it :)
after Friday I'll start heavy promo for this! My album release party is Friday so I have to focus on that for the time being.
hah I'm trying to leave early!
Is it possible to describe coffee as violent? Cause this coffee tastes pretty violent...
hey shawn! I hope all is well. Good to see that DC4 is gigging a good amount in 2012. I keep telling Jeff; Come back to Vegas!
Got my copy of #marylanders Please note that same sex marriage is a matter of #civilrights & #equalty for our #LGBT friends
I Love You And Good Night!!!!! #VillansMissRobert <3
lol. I just figured you hated them. Lol.
Hahaha man she sucks so had at her job. She's basically the of Beat Writers.
Why do i read and ruin the Bachelorette for myself?! UGH! Happy with the final two though :)
wow. Must look into it. As tempting as moving to siberia is...
Nino said all the graduates that are going to Paris are coming. And he said you were coming to Paris with us. :/
Tragic - Definitely makes me think, feel.
It's great how you're trying to insult someone when the tweet probably describes you better than them.
s/o to my haters, trick or treaters, my gyro, these jaw jabbers, my homie's
RT : if you keep all of your love inside... you wont have room for anyone else's. let some out.
Got a #business idea/need some help with creating a business plan? Visit the Center for Entrepreneurial Studies 26W 61St rm. 402
Damn! Ninjas wanna stick me for my paper... Damn! Ninjas wanna stick me for my paper!
if you havent heard them already... check out , they have great music so go do it right now!
