thanks, man. appreciate that.
jajajajaja...lo hare...
No was just wanting to go really bad and had noone to go with :( boo!
My adventures in dev this week: Integrating Twitter Bootstrap with .net MVC & Telerik MVC Controls .....had a blast!
When did your name change from a word to a charm?
Food and Sex at Belvoir
Family Night is tonight! Make plans with your Children and join us for dinner. FYI you can trade your child's toy for an Icedream if they...
break legs buddy... Does this mean you're union now?
i dont think so.
Headed to spin!
congrats on Vice Chair!
Feels sucky to blow this bad.
Thanks for the RT! We need art teachers who are willing to share!
Domination! RT “: Welcome me back to the Jungle.”
gurl I got to tell something to det happen last nite
Stage three of our emotions is Emotional liberation: we take responsibility for our intentions and actions. Cynthia Harris
Was gonna say, isn't the stench of mildew at least better than the stench of Jared?
Happy New Years! Make it a wonderful 2011!
Houston is just as gigantic as I left it, perhaps even more so.
#NHL can end cheap shot late penalties like Weber's punkass play on Red Wings. Add rule extending game 'til all penalty time runs out.
Amy Sederis (on David Letterman) "I'm scared of you and librarians"
Why u tired then? From eating???? lol
confirmed: he is a robot cyborg
Facebook Granted About $796 Million In Restricted Stock To Employees This Month More Facebook riches all around! The company granted abo
is it thursday yet? i'm actually looking forward to my first millvale game dispute the fact i hate a girl on the team. #pumped #gameday ❤⚾
In an airplane all day and I land to find there is a revolution in Egypt. What happened?
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone!!!! Love you<3
Gingrich calls for Pell grants (vouchers) for all K-12 students.
“: It's snowing downtown! What's it doing in your neighborhood? nothing yet!!!!
U is kind u is smart and u is important
#Translation Tip: In Thai: The passive voice is only used in a negative sense.
It's totally normal to creep.
XLarge, of course, but peach or raspberry? See u May 7th? RT : I think I'm gonna grab a 99 cent Iced Tea from
nothing, good(: omg new pic again!
Frog and Friends?
That moment where you're in the library and you put your textbook over your face and just want to scream fuck my life
lol never that
The way we live our life today is what’s going to get us to where we need to be tomorrow.
Let's start a hashtag:
Miami crowd is pathetic. Can't get a decent chant going.
cool, will check them out
An air tight container is best and if it is glass or plastic, be sure to store it away from light in a cabinet or dark space
we <3 , , , , and kyle too. and yellow brick pizza and faithy.
A2 Also, and I know I may be in the minority, but FTL is *essential.* If it can't make the Kessel Run 12 parsecs, it's not a buy.
trading services? Bartering is taxable! Ask your CPA.
A podcast en route to work reminded me to be happy to have a job... How do we live in the moment when it's just not good enough?
should I come get some new kicks today?!
oh NY Times crossword puzzle, you trump me yet again
I'm on a cleaning streak... Bed sheets, socks.. The world is my oyster!
Thanks for the FF! :)
where did go?
I love dribble handoffs when executed properly.
Txttlktees just got its first order-hopefully the first of many!!!
nevertheless, a fierce necklace. Have any #Elvis collectible plate ones?
#HappyBirthdayProdigy :D! #TeamMindless loves you and wishes you the happiest of birthdays :)! Hope you day is filled with lots of joy <3!
Going to celebrate Earth Day w/ my bff & her twins. So.freaking.excited. Can't wait 2 c their reactions 1st zoo visit!
yes that's all part of learning Greek
I want a guy to text..fml:(
Great watching the beat the Yankees on ESPN last night! I'm so glad baseball is back!
Get a room, you two.
good luck with that and good luck falling asleep haha
“Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future” - John F. Kennedy
Makes me wonder how they'd describe NMNH from your SM having never been to it physically.
Had a drink tonight at the Netherland Plaza obby bar in Cincinnati. 1931 was a very good year.
trying to get in touch with you about a National Press Club thing
Watching oprahs lifeclass...love it!!!!!! Education for the soul
Day 1 of #MPSA2012. Come check out our high tech booth with books, ebooks, journals and e-readers. Top knowledge in multiple formats.
Forever waiting for the fucking bus -.-
was your Christmas and how is Lil man?
Do you have a DVD burner? You are just missing the software to make that exact DVD copy?
Can we please vote gay bama out of office? Sick of him and his shenanigans ruining this country.
congrats to all!!!
Pontiac Trans Am Pullover Hoodie Firebird Power Adult Purple Hoody
We have two sinks in our bathroom. I look forward to getting my own someday.
The worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you and yet you know you can never have them.
hey congrats..are u um slightly excited about gma ??
The STAAR test was easy. The actual review was more intimating. Good thing I had a calculator.
Saturday Feb 4TH at Yolo Lounge with is going to be the craziest night of the winter season.
Question from Michael Allen: What ever happened to WYSIWYG ?
Theatre ReActs research methinks! RT ...DO NOT LET BIOLOGY DICTATE YOUR CHEESE AND CHOCOLATE CONSUMPTION!
Just woke up from an amazing nap <3 i want to do something fun tonight
MANY thanks for such a great webinar this morning!
i'd like to know what "sick passenger" means. Are we talking nausea? Fainting? A coronary?
it's the combination of what you lose and what you have to replace what you lose. So far, Estrada seems quite capable.
We can't tell you how proud we are to have three of our projects be finalists for ADDY awards! Our students rock.
It's making me nervous that so many a's are "content is buried." You guys get that too many options on front page is *bad*, right?
I would bet your wife feels the same way. RT : Hungover.
"I'm a chicken nugget roasting on an open fire!" "Taylor, you're out control."
please don't go in, it's still too early 😁😓
#6wordstories I make awesome electronic music. Seriously.
Vegas fans join me on FOX5 tonight at 7 for our Speedway Saturday Night with and Replay Sunday at 10:30am.
at least the typography is good. Heh heh.
Got the weeks worth of grocery shopping done by 8 am on Monday- guess this is gonna be a week where I get a ton accomplished!
what penis?
you following baseball at all? I see soccer tweets and that just breaks my little heart.
I had to physically fight the urge to walk out of Detention yesterday. Now, I'm tempted to see it again. What hast thou wrought?
I can't even carry my school bag cause it hurts so much.
#schoolmemories giving my homework to the geek that had a crush on me so he could do it LOL #mean but true
We need judges for a business plan competition. Any takers?
Nice man, that place is great. Hope you enjoyed your stay.
The poetry of architecture - Stanley Tigerman's opening discussion at #FLWPT lecture series tonight.
We make a difference each day for people who are walking along life’s edge.
yes it has
take me with you when you see the twins next! So adorbs!
Do you love #startups? So do we. Look for our #entrepreneur quote next.
Stop playing games with the debt ceiling. Endangering the recovery and/or throwing the economy into recession is not worth it.
Funny...he goin to the Mosley fight..but owe me 5G...its 2011....step ur game up...keep it reala and pay ur f*** debt *itc*..
nice quiet Sunday... love having family time.
There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child ~Frank A. Clark
heard you won today at Pole Position…congrats, but don't forget to win the other thing
Finally saw #Hunger Games. Such a disappointing mess of a movie. Do yourself a favor, enjoy the book.
Good night everyone..sweet dreams
psh ready for stats.... Maybe :D
You've inspired me to write more. Can't wait to read your book!
Too many of us get thrown in jail if law enforcement even thinks we committed a crime. Ask questions later. Not go home and chill.
I'm going 2B one well dressed lady today... here we go!
bummed I didn't get to say hi at #aeasea. your talk from 2 years ago is still helpful to us thank you!
love you! RT : Thanks girl xoxo RT : Jenna &amp; Megan are flawless and perfect and amazing and llslaaapakdj
Sorry brother. Thought that was the "model" face. Hahaha
how many times do we escape death without knowing it?
tequila and cookies. can't wait for med school to start.
Totally crashed when I got home from Wegs. Long exhausting weekend. I'll ded take a rain check on that porch beer, though!
CHALLENGE!! Can you beat Gian Perrone and become Fan of the Week? Check your score above! I dare you to beat him! ;)
Omg Lindsay you look like you do in my dreams
Best venue in LA, imo. Seeing Ray & Brandi in San Diego tomorrow night, can't wait!
Me and my BFFs Kalli and Isabel are for from losers
I'll be in the house for tomorrow's BTW Commencement! Follow along for updates.
At the #empirehotel for the #lavidarose fashion show! So excited!
Don`t see it?
#WhenIWasYoung i didnt have a care in the world
you need to put that on tumblr so i see it again ;p
why does the weather always turn when I have to walk to work?
crystal clear... WFAN for life
Heading to the 5th, Phils still ahead 4-0. Wigginton, Nix, and Ruiz are due up.
RT : Maybe it counts, maybe not, my deleted scene was added & BABY ITS HOT
I most certainly will once they're finished up! Thanks!
Ray Siemens of INKE, "Networks and the History of the Book"
I had a fun day w/ Olivia
reminding myself why I should really only take on publishers as clients
Is it weird that everytime I read The Hunger games I picture myself as Katniss and as Peeta? Lol I bet who won't even see this
Food Fact of the Day: March 30, 1868 The Pullman Palace Car Company introduced the first railroad dining car.
Everybody please go and follow will follow back,i promise:D
To the tryhards that leave 2 seconds early and sprint cooldown we know who you are
": being completely honest, I don't even care what I look like at school anymore #noonetoimpress #endoftheyear"what hppnd 2 nick
Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism picked up 42 more radio stations plus more internet stations. Is this the first Autism song on charts?
"People's tendency towards good is as water's tendency is to flow downhill."
We also have The Avengers screening in at least 5 different formats. MT As usual, more good french movies in NYC than in Paris
Thought I knew the future, now all I'm sure of is the past.
#WordPress #Tools Bluetrait Event Viewer (BTEV) – Tracks your logins, deleted users, last passwords, invalid user names and more.
Ladies & Gentlemen come join us 2day at Flirt Nail Lounge 2day Last chance 2 take advange of our 50% off services special!
Excellent! I'm looking forward to it (have just printed off my notes and saved the slides, so now I'm ready!)
My girl crystal house is a wonderful woman of faith!
I Only Rock Widd Ppl Dat Rock Widd Me!!!!
rofl not worth it
awesome Tee !
So excited Super Bowl is here and everyone arriving for the game and the weather is getting cold in Dallas, PERFECT!
text me and tell me who!
CLOSE SECOND. My own answer to my own question, in fact. But they probably only have 25-50% of Sam Adam's total varieties.
Uh oh, Weaver perfect through two.
fuck u prick
thanks bro just back for the weekend. How u
This will be the realest tweet I ever wrote against all odds
Overslept for work two days in a row.
Be exited over a new relationship with God. It OS for good, for ever and it is about a true love. Love God.
what kind of animales do You like?3
Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye.
Just missed the number to win tickets to meet :'(
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
Usually it's the Meyer teen fans who murder grammar and spelling, not the haters.
Freeballing in gym shorts in Waikiki after getting bred. I can feel the jizz starting to leak out.
Totes just submitted a review...
simon sleeping. too late on the east coast
And.. I still think school is way better than a boyfriend! #School is 1st!
I love how quick writers are at answering email. I've emailed 10 or 12 colleagues and contacts today and only the writers answered.
Back to Church Sunday- and a beautiful one in Upstate New York!
To every1 that voted 4 me thank u, 4 the psychos that doubted me I thank u as well, your hatred propelled my spirits & efforts.
Shout out to our amazing supporters (1 of 2)
i dont have any garlic or shallots.....I couldn't cook even if I wanted to. ALL my meals start with garlic, shallots, and/or onions
Personal branding for real estate agents is just as important as branding for the real estate company with whom you work. you want this http
to go on a Megabus trip this year so you're welcome
4. Smoke something, still smoking, I smell smoke, smoked out, smoke one
Do I see a museum day in our future?
As it should be.
Learning how to use WikiEducator. i already had an account and i hope i can use it with the Zambian Bloggers Network
WWE Shawn Maykalza asked to return to the ring to participate in the feud and Kevin Nash Player.
Overheard at the end of a band's set: Girl: You just missed it. Boy: Pssh! I don't wanna hear any music! Wow, sucks you're at #SXSW then.
Giants sign Bumgarner to five-year extension
Watching Whitney Houston memorial service with my family...
Eli Roth on Inglorious Bastards: I blew it. Quentin made fun of me saying 'You were so bad in your audition, but I'll give you a call-back.'
thanks! “: Congrats to on their win against Mt. St. Joseph, 67-58. #Pioneers are now 20-2 on the season!”
Back like anyone cares
Oh you think your life is hard? Go to Uganda for one day
#zap I just got a shock of energy(;
I felt dizzy and everything in my room was shaking a little.... what the heck? haha
thank you for the #ShoutsBack Ray :D #verycool ! ~~~~rich
HuStLiNg iS My G!rLfRiEnD..FaiLuRe iS My Ex..Im MaRriEd To My MoNeY AnD Im FuKiN DhA ShiT OuTtA SuCcEsS.....
dude it was just a joke. My friend was tryin to remember my friend sandy's name and he couldn't figure it out, it was hil ...
Good morning everyone. Seems like a beautiful day today. I pray it doesn't rain n if it does then not to much. Cleanin house then relaxin
why, gosh, thank you, LeAnn!
selah, it's a little city right next to Yakima if you know where that is :p haha
STRUMMERVILLE TONIGHT BOTTOM OF THE HILL..
Welp, someone won the Mega Millions last night. Wonder how many more people won?
Had a photoshoot at the salon yesterday! New photos of our team and a salon video coming soon!
STARTING MY DAY OFF THE RIGHT WAY....
Sound quality will be an issue at #aaasci since we can't plug into PA system. Need something sensitive.
Do martini olives count as dinner?
haha it's so good
Night Circus' release date is next Tuesday 9/13
Victory loves preparation
Good morning everyone!! Another day of travel...Hope Texas is ready for me :)
i wanna HULK sum femalez
"Now that you've seen, will you please go?", the nonchalant architect is quoted as saying to his blonde wife when, with seven friends, she
So there will be an up and down vote on the bipartisan Senate bill? MT
I got a Pea I got a pea why is everyone laughing at me..... #SongoftheWeek~I Got a Pea by songdrops
Watching family guy :) I love this show <3
: Can I just FF to Oct.....Childish, Ye and Jay, A&T Homecoming....sheesh Ima rage
Today was awesome. 2 fires that entirely blocked off Mass. Ave with caution tape, a huge power outage, toxic fumes, and moms on the phone...
That's OK. Thought it was bad enough to try and find Sultana's.....
I think of you every time I say that!
jaden cut his hair ?
Failure isn't the end, but the beginning of a new opportunity to succeed. Stop making excuses and start finding solutions.
right need tu wake dey twitter watchn asses up
JCSU knocks out WSSU 75-70 and will Advance to the next Round to play Chowan
exactly what I'm talking about. Be prepared, you just jumped to #1 on my shit list.
We are showing one of my favorite movies EVER tonight at 10 pm. The original Halloween! See you at 10!
You can/will be a special addition to a national championship run!
I can't believe my Tahoe broke wtf
Bwin.Party Enters California Online Poker Market
exactly that's why even the living Jesus said to stay away from religion.......I have faith and a belief not a religion :-)
and a happy Firday to you!
We shall not be moved -- A powerful and uniting statement.
Too bad I chose to wear 17,000 layers of clothing
Kara thanks for following us! Next time you're in #Milwaukee, stop in and party with us!
Double wingmanning it up with Tonight's goal: not get chopped up into little bits.
Thinking of graduate school for a change. Where in the world do I even begin?
Definitely going to have to do some extra workouts to work off all the great Thanksgiving food. But I love the holiday season.
“: I'm pissed my phone won't load that video” That's good u don't need to see it :p
Haha...very funny!
of course :)
Okay, enough Tweetbooking for now. Back to
Bahahaha!! Nice. What show you at??
Will Vogue ever have an African editor? Something to ponder. An editor with messy, fussy, untamable strands may not work.
Yep, clearly, libraries are totally irrelevant "these days"! RT National ILL went up 41% from 2000-2006.
ha good one! Clearly the funniest person Kara knows is
Madison police Capt. Carl Gloede says "We have to talk and find out" what happens next with Occupy Madison.
Is there anything that doesn't taste better with either Jameson or Cheese? That's why we're inhaling the Jameson Cheese sauce.
Yup, playing FFXI at the moment though.
somebody call me this phone...this phone is wildly out of control
So not happy about all this snow. Having to drive around is such a pain. Ah!!!
" You cannot change others, you can only change the way you deal with them. "
ROFL. ABORT! ABORT!
#ArentYouTiredOf Hearing people complain about little shit that can be fixed??
Primarily, what is keeping Black people from uniting. We spend most of our money with others, we kill many of our own, WHY?
This… page got hacked follow My new page
nah, gearing up for tomorrow. Giving my liver (& Zee) a break.
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister **
"No one's happiness but my own is in my power to achieve or to destroy."
Just said goodbye to #mostdepressingthingever #mytwinny 😭😭😭😭😭😭
What is your favorite food?
my favorite part is when he arrives and starts complaining about all the things mom forgot to pack for him.
We are all tired high
followed you ..:D
Really looking forward to David Houle's talk on leading & succeeding in the transformational decade on now at
Advanced Mindfulness: Integrating Mindfulness, Meditation, & Cutting-Edge Neuroscience in the Treatment of Anxiety, Anger, & Depression
Where my daughter?
"We must become the change we want to see." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
one month left to do what i gotta do and say what i gotta say
Don't stop believing!
thinks #RVA may have a 6 on the
Fix the #NFL Pro Bowl; whichever conference wins claims the home team position for the Super Bowl.
my short film Carousel is a finalist in the narrative category at the CSU Media Arts Fest on Nov. 12
Or if your smart like me, just turn your Koonce jersey inside out.
Obviously I will be reading Kieran Where the Wild Things Are tonight while listening to To the 5 Boroughs.
Thank u god for waking me up today, I really needed u
Tell the truth and #getitoffyourchest I cant stand a liar.
Eggnog Tea doesn't taste much like egg nog... but it's still a good black tea :)
Girl, if we got along better we'd be dope.
Oh true. Well I was wanting to go to downtown Orlando Saturday night but now I'm not sure what's going on.
Good morning to you!
Gotta take a short nap. Be back soon.
What's up with this weather? Wish P. Phil was more on the money...
“: I pray for your wife...she gotta be Michelle Obama strong” <--That's funny!
so Vinny basically said he's going to be posting the video from his time in Chicago.
hope you get better soon!
Good morning Twitterverse! How are you today?
tell Paris we said thanks! ha!
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away
Panther Creek <3's Jason Hart
The new Volare Blow Dryer by made with a engine is now available at salon
u need on dat remix homie......
Go to Google and type in "do a barrel roll" ... easily amused
Have a life out side of work so work doesn't feel like life. Same goes for school; for all of you students
Thanks for the RT!
Ugh, hate this kid.
Ah! What a beautiful day for science!
I find it hilarious
Take a moment out of your busy day to "REMEMBER ALL on 9-11". Those who lost lives, HEROES who saved lives, & the families that suffer....
im listening to on pandora
Friday Fun Fact: 700 Million Peeps Will Be Eaten on Easter. Yes or No, do you like Peeps?
proceeds without review.
Im trying to get some head fromJulia Roberts
how old do you have to be for an account?
The "gun carry" replies are: "it's my right"... "for self defense..." And if an innocent like Josh is killed it's "what a tragic accident"..
No problem. Also praying for healing for your friends.
hey derp...are you going tomorrow!?
I thought there were free slurpees today?!
Trunk over the trail - Girl dog leaps high above it; Boy dog crawls beneath.
Ok I'm gonna believe u. but this is the LAST time
who will it be 2nite? : YOU tweeted it and it's official the #MVPonNBC for #NYRWSH game is #NYR Brad Richards
I didn't pre-order your book because I didn't want to be retweeted! Go fuck yourself!
(1/2) "The most magnificent places in Europe are palaces and belong to aristocrats. In America its the parks which belong to the people. "
thanks for the follow! Please spread the word about
#CLOSym off to a great start! Dr Mike Echols of Bellevue University just introduced our first keynote, , former CEO Southwest
Really liking Tim Hagans latest "The Moon is Waiting" WHo is this guy Jukkis Uotila on drums?
Day off, Time to get my ass into showtime mode! tons to do
im lovin' the 60 degree weather...the rain and the wind...im not loving so much
Lifting (: then hopefully hanging with some buds! Then Franklin pool tomorrow. Anyone wanna come?!
fuck'n around with that dream like content....
Come dahn early for trivia night w/ ! We're continuing happy hour until 9p - Jasmeson and pickle shots $3, hot dogs $1.50
Knows good beer. ;) Milwaukee does it right.
aww! we'll be back! and has it really been a month already?!
Follow my partner
so if Sanchez is worth 10 mil a year for next 4, Falco is worth..15mil over 3?
Oh nice, there's a new one at Taylor and Harford that opens officially today but we walked through last night.
King Most e-mail list? Why yes...you may. Holler at . 1,000th e-mail gets a discounted belly rub.
LETS GO!<3
Well Zoe's just gonna get MRSA from that barbed wire.
the moment you settle for less than you deserve is the moment you get even less than what you settled for!
Goddamnit what does it TAKE to be happy I've been working on being happy for years and I still don't get it
They Say They Dont Know What Zayns Thinking About...Well Me Duhh ;D Hes Thinking about how Our Honeymoon Will Be ❤
“: whats the fever called for tyler posey... :/”
I got two turntables and a microphone
Goal! Mexico pulls ahead in the 116th minute! 2-1
Giving FontExplorer X Pro a try and liking it so far.
Omg i know! I went crazy pinning this morning! RT : Can't. stop. pinning! #obsessedw/pinterest
should follow me cause I'm cool. :)
I heard its very tasty! 🍔🍺
are you watching the game
Thanks for sharing your hobby! I want to use more book trailers next year and you've really helped make that happen!
Woohoo! Muah!! RT : Now following Worlds hottest poker player
Just showed 2 eleven year olds tub girl
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen. - Dolly Parton
I must have just driven by you with my stereo blasting. Great day to sit outside!!
not at all we just got in the car...
I was singing silent night holding a candle the wax dripped on my hand it turned me on
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm! The main door closes at 6:00, so remember to use the side entrance.
is my birt day
are you here? I'm hanging with Mallory tomorrow night!
For all of you that have gone down the glory road with me, my eternal thanks - Adolph Rupp & Caywood Ledford.
Good Morning😊
'shaking my head', for this context I meant it like grinning and shaking my head. (: I meant it for good.
My friend has a friend like this! “: We all have that 1 friend who shouldn't even be allowed to cross the street on their own.”
How do you take a good song and make it great?
My favorite thing this afternoon: Check out her timeline: spam, spam, spam, stolen packer knowledge, spam, spam.
Random azz tweets because I'm geeked azz a bitch right now
I clicked on the trending topic the wood and your tweet was the first to pop up :-)
Interview Questions. Tired: FizzBuzz test. Wired: How would you re-architect twitter?
What is YOUR favorite fruit? The new favorites around the office are blackberries and kiwi. So good and good for you!
you unfollow me after every fight we get into
Cabbage, parsley, cucumber, carrot and celery juice with a smidge of ginger root & slice of apple is delicious -Try it!
Wow - says he's not an SEO expert!
Solar energy markets are big. At $19.6 billion in 2009 solar panels are anticipated to reach$125.5 billion by 2016. #solar energy
Tinytech sharium asks: what twitter interface do you use?
I'll be at the Preds game and wont be home until about 11:30 so we should be good!
All i can say is t.r.u.s.t
ill miss u 2:(
YOU did all the haggling. Got me an amazing deal. RT : Dang. is getting a pimped out car. I'm jealous :(
Follow your girl <3
Fall days are my fav! What's not to love about this perfect weather, it's football season, pumpkin beer, pumpkin patches, and colored jeans!
I ate at that burger king once.
Jess is trying to Eiffel tower
When you get hitched you get stitched
Deandre with the dunk
please follow me back!! :)
I love house centipedes! They are good insects. :)
They never fail who die in a great cause. -George Gordon Byron
Hoping you will be able to blog and glad Jonah is on the upswing - still praying
Our website is up and running again.
Oh... thanks for the reply.
In hopes that summer weather is actually on the way, I'm going to go ahead and switch out my winter shoes for summer shoes in my closet.
I know angsty isn't necessarily a "real word"...so?!? Lol
Nashville West - maybe 1st time in a book store since DavisKidd closed. But just here to use the WiFi.
#SmackDown Who going to Win Christian or John Morrison
Lightning talk: Jason, trails & byways manager, Heritage Areas. New opportunities for partnership & emphasis on preservation.
- good luck to you! and we should make plans for lunch in the city one of these days when i'm in for meetings!
Had a wonderful evening watched Star Wars in 3D and then a nice dinner with my Love
The Michigan games will still be crazy though.
What to do tonight????
Upgrading my phone to iOS 5 right now. Will report.
i am thoroughly deliberate and mean what i say... so if I said it, I meant it, and can be accountable for it. I realize this is rare...
Ryan, thx for the welcome to my pop in visit! We've got engaged Dem storytellers. Work on 5+ campaigns & Rallys. G8t fit 4 U!
Prune juice smoothie!! Yummy!!
#1DFacts Liam once had to change his phone number, because it leaked on the internet.
I love you tweets!!!(: <3
ah, IPK is super-secret code for Italian Pizza Kitchen. Woah. I can definitely do that, since it's so close. c u tmrw
I got A1 Everything!!
don't forget to give that to your landlord now or he'll evict you
Most people in LA look crazy, dirty, wealthy or high. Or if you're my ex: all four.
you lured me here, now help my chances to win $5k, OK? Danka
Great WEEKLY COUPON at www.dansecoupon.com
hello sir. Can you maybe follow & for me? Thank you. xx
no, Kobe's got a lot of NBA miles on him. Cat's losin it and still a Top 5-10 player.
Good read Grubes!
Ottawa woman champions hysterectomy alternatives - CBC.ca
LIVE w/ Amy Theburge from #pdx sharing info about breast cancer & her event For The Love Of #boobs 1pm PST
I was sitting here in my cousins house and I thought to myself even though people and all of us go through hard times we should be thankful
RT : TMZ reporting, #Dick Clark has died of a heart attack. He was 82.
#prowrestling #neworleans, 10/27/82 Ted Dibiase/Matt Borne defeat JYD and Mr. Olympia for Mid South tag belts in Shreveport
always RT : The gum in my mouth got mixed with the cracker from communion.
Lol I need to go to sleep.
I don't think I ever touched the ManiaTV logo... but why mess with such brilliance?
Holiday knitting!
Yes we are pretty close... He is my one & only nephew :-)
back from Canada and got my laptop back.
yeah man, being southern has nothing to do with it. In fact, Atlanta (very southern) is largely gay friendly.
Now following this hotaaaay ;)
90 for the Kobe :)
Well, at least I showed some support...
You better believe its true, you know I do I do oooouu ouuu <3
I would love to have my picture taken with you!
thanks for the mention!
Thx for the RT! Happy to be working with you all.
: I agree especially other spoonies
look me up on youtube
You can find talent. I still can't figure out why you didn't win last year.
"Quit Vogue-ing! Jao!"
but not boring!
You are very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day!
Some people...
I see. You could very well be right that those areas were degenerated or formed 'incompletely,' as you describe some of ...
my sax is a selmar Liberty series
": That Just Made My Life Hahahahahaha<3 I love you so much<3" haha love you to! =p
Scales don't measure sexy.
Will do, tell Kayla to give me your number. I will be waiting.
I can't stand watching Crissy Bosh play. What a bitch!
i hate it when i have alot of followers and then the next day i went back down to a smaller numberf -_-
Disappointing end to a great inning. We'll get em in the 9th!
well thank you! :) did you see our music video? www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Great goal! Have you thought about playing in college? : i wanna be on JV for volleyball, Varsity for basketball and soccer.
when can you get the sushis?!
you are not the past you continue to replay in your mind.
I'm hoping there's some arty Soderbergh hidden in there, 'cause that shit looks terrible
I remember my first time replacing my kitchen cabinets
It's beautiful here in Chicago! Where are you?
it's possible to learn to type pretty darn fast on the iPad. Just takes practice.
im not the kind of person to own up to something i didn't do
oh. i know they had ulterior motives to what they said. nonetheless, it should [theoretically] help with the gay rights movement.
Thanks for the RT - Jay's work is excellent! I love to share it.
Going to the Mariners game today, bummed that Griffey is injured. Still have yet to see him play, always injured. Next Year???
I have so many peoples best interest at heart
Earth Day&#39;s ups and downs reflect changing environmental movement
goodluck justin make us proud!! <3 youll do great :)
Baylor had more turnovers than shots made in first half. 8-25, 9 TO
whos going to vans warped tour?
I'd RT ur tweet: the 1st rule of fight club is you do not talk about fight club. Lol #FightClubQuote , but i cant talk about it.
Just got back from FBS09! So many things to work on right now! Can't Sleep! Which 7 Figure Idea to Use First? I AM TAKING MASSIVE ACTION!!!
DM me your number and we'll get this shit done homie!
i'd have to say that was thee most awkward dinner......pretty much ever. o_O
Thanks, Tricia. I hope your Sabbath was glorious with God.
Do you know someone involved in the show?
About to watch Pulp Fiction with my wife. She's never seen it.
Turning on Amelie. What a super awesome day this has been.
The UU student minister, Nathan, shared Hoover quote you might like.
And weve got some new beers today:)
I don't know how to put this but I'm kind of a big deal
": 2 jurors relieved of their duties...two females...however the are subject to recall. #huguely" what does that mean, why?
So JGL's job in #Looper is to stand in front of a white tarp in a designated area, at a designated time, and then just...shoot?
Farewell to a fellow New Yorker. New Year's Eve will not be the same without you
Saw ur spread in playboy. Omigosh, girl...stunning! u r so beautiful.
watching teen choice awards
Hello Saturday.
lol, I still have a loco
Want to increase your energy level and productivity? Check it out a free book (shiping and handling only). Get yours before they're gone: h
If I'm getting my period. Oh god. FML.
We Performing along side Mr. Capone-E on the 18th!! Don't Miss It!
shake dem haters off Brielle! Jealous brings out the worst! <3 #SweetDreams lil mama <3
hell would freeze ova b4 I let one of u bitkh niggaz get her oh no no no!!!
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure. - Zig Ziglar
died in my dreams last nite
Congrats buddy! RT : So I'm officially the Chef de Cuisine of Local Mission Eatery.
I'm great!! And yay. I'm excited about pride. Last year I had too much fun!!
Bet u hit me back now. Lol
Lol, I could imagine, well, you're singing now, lol so you'll be able to continue that :P
Swing hardy
The music is giving me #Life! #MJ #MichaelJackson #ChakaKhan...yes ma'am!!
great transformation!!
Some guy's attitudes are like females, really?
just not the same without the big smiles of around here.....
the only man i need in my life is Captain America
Maybe one day I will know why being lonely is better
smart discussion summit in #SantaClara w/ interviewed by , George Shultz, Julie Meier Wright.
Who likes We Came As Romans?
If I decline your friend request more than once, you should take the hint.
That Ramen Soup was awesome today.
Sneak peek?
of course i have
Good morning, everyone! I just want to say thank you to God for waking me up today. So blessed to see life once again.
email us at us(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we can give you more details!
dave and busters with my best =]
making essences
Gotta love how Stomp the Yard is a trending topic at least twice a week in Atlanta smh
guess i'm back ..
looking @ at a recipe -high altitude:3500-6500feet - no change! OK,what about the poor fellows that are way above that,like us,for example!
Follow us on Twitter:
Upset pick of the day...St. Bonaventure over Florida State
Namaste' and Goodnight...
6th period softball >>>> 👌
Dude . No You Don't . It's So Boring Here && It's FFull Of Old People . xD
Still daydreaming
Looking forward to another year of helping at the #skifever show in #seattle Oct 28, 29, 30. Bring your coats to help!
hoping to make the second half of have been feeling ill all morning. FML. Cc etc
RT For the Denver Broncos, who sacrificed a virgin in order to win the superbowl, we pray. LMAO
you don't even know where the package is. Lied to me all day.
Thanks for the RTs!
what's up?
you get it when you pay me back
we do have jalapeños! Just ask.
What did I tweet? A whole what - what? Geez, I need a beer.
everybody does that
These geckos need to look org ways before crossing the path! They're gonna get squished (by me by accident)!
We will have the best pasta at our festival. De Cecco will provide our Aperitivo with its pasta. Yummy
Haha we ended up going to Hard Rock after we had left :) it was nice meeting you:)
Palindrome of the day: "Doc Note: I dissent. A fast never prevents a fatness. I diet on cod." #learning (same letters front and back)
next week i will have sam my grandson, i so love him and his sister. grandchildren are what makes life exciting.
Clean slate ... not sure if that's good or bad.
There's just some people who thrive on their own bullshit. Sadly, sometimes we're so weak we take their bullshit
FF - the amazing Andrea Smith - co-founder of INCITE!, Native American feminist activist is on twitter.
Just took a nap in a car park thanks to the wonderful breeze
But I like Atlanta too, I just rather be in Cali
“: If she say she'll be ready in a hour give her 3.”maybe 4
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
Drake can definitely make my day better x10 <3
My mom said she has her black hoody on too, she said Chi is in unrest for all the Trayvons now thats what you call the tipping point.
Preparing for an academic panel: Is home ownership for White people?
Norah Jones is again perfect in "Little Broken Hearts."
thanks and there will be more contests in the future. Feel free to give us topic suggestions.
Happy Sunday! "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." — Maya Angelou
Went with Dad to the drs for a check-up I gotta go Friday to get my blood work redid before I go back to the drs in June staying busy, busy.
Get the new Qwerty phone and double minutes for life 910389897
I know you do lol I love you to <3
they will only be released at the event, once you get here! :)
so true!
MT Harvard and MIT have some big announcement tmrrw involving a "joint venture" in online learning. Watch for deets
Ate their way they did - plates of money : and ate on their way to victory tonight!
8-until tat girl arm fall off!!LOL
New Years Event details coming up soon! Stay tuned.
mondays and tues are best
My Uncle Created Copelands!!! It Is So Good!! <3
r u doing that while driving omg & I thought texing was bad lol
|#quotes We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.
Pt. 1: Girl on Draw Something just yelled at me for not picking a 3-coin word, and then proceeded to spell her word as her drawing.
I need sleep💤
You're welcome. I knew you'd be able to appreciate it.
If they were balls, they'd obviously be hung from the hitch.
RT #salute on the new video /// good looking Suave
People are mad mean for no reason.
Super cute orangutan on the cover of WHY ARE ORANGUTANS ORANGE?
Miami Herald Bags a Luxury Story with LuxeDH
Texting on the iPhone is starting to get annoying... I'm getting tired of touch screen
can't believe I missed the Saints Parade today :( Why did I have to go fly?
#allgamejobs Looking for Network #programmers for A gigs in Texas. 4 more.
Ladies, when a guy can handle your flaws, love you on your moody days & kiss you when you don't look your best, he's definitely worth it.
ok ok I feel you.
Night 💗z
I thought you weren't particularly found of him.
You and your rumors are way too much alike, your both fake and get around.
Some old women and men grow bitter with age; the more their teeth drop out, the more biting they get. ~George D. Prentice
and wet
ouch to look at but feels better already I bet. Get better soon buddy. U r the man.
Well, I would love to audition for the role whenever the time comes around :)
Gos please save Rihanna. I don't think thats a dont give a f*** attitude anymore. I think she losing it a lil.
diamond dallas page
I dont know if it is true, but it sounds cool. Maybe I should have that printed on my cards :)
damn. I thought Lampley was cheering for Cotto.
Sonya and Mara doing Just Dance haha!
“: ......Ryan Leslie diamond girl album is still 1 of my fav r&b albums!<yo!!! You aren't the only one fam!
Don't be too surprised. He told me he hates your guts. ;)
I know, and it's good knowing that! I've got your back always :)
Well If I got to chose $1B or $2mill yeah. But the odds of the $1B pay off are slim. I probably would have chosen profit now too
I haven't been the airport. x.x;; I've lived here ten years and haven't been to the airport lol.
"I drive a minivan"
Super mega ultra bored :p I think should come over here, we should have a sleepover and then go to the all tomorrow ;)
nice hearing Foxy Shazam on final four
I'm getting greedy. I want another big win with the death of Ayman al-Zawahiri. Al Qaeda's #2. This feeling is too awesome to let go.
get it (; lol
My little girl is all grown up #alexandraatwell Happy 21st on Nov 5th!
Your not black so stop acting like it .
Anyone daring?New sandwich I'm working on. Cream Cheese, Pepper Jack, Roasted Jalapeños, and Bacon Stop by first 10 are on me for a review
Everyone go follow [:
"Time is only for those who seek it."
Stop by the AR Kiosk at #MLUC11 for a funny joke about snails, nuns or a Norse god. Your choice. Or, tell me a joke.
During this Holidays you want to look & feel great!CALL NOW to learn about our Holiday specials @ 941-957-3890!GIFT CARDS ARE NOW AVAILABLE!
good thing I've never had a problem keeping myself busy.....
I gotta take care of some business!
I honestly think that the Harry& Caroline jokes are funny but dont you feel a LITTLE bad for her? Imagine how this affects
I want to apologize to on twitter for everybody to see . Sorry
I know, I know!!! Sun is in my future.
Nothing is sexyer than a girl who wants but don't need me
While I've showed several computer classes what Twitter is and how it works, today is the first time I'm doing an *entire* class on it. Eep!
It occurs to me that I stink at tweeting simply because I generally forget about it until I become righteously indignant at something
You wanna hop in this dasent?
Need 4 pop bands for show september 28th @ The Polish Club. Email for details
“Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Vancouver fans still have a bright side: your team may be out of playoffs, but you finally got your goalie situation correct!
you know it. Er day Er day.
#fridayreads finished Troubled Man by Mankell. Sad to see end of Wallander series & it was a satisfying ending.
text me?
FULL SIGNING HELL YEAH
Happiness is health and a short memory.
Ohgod, girlie you got it al wrong, I dont even come close to your cuteness~
Your welcome. We are just trying to bring to light a disease that hasn't gone away.
If you had a mil who would you drop it on.. Pacman or Sugar Shane?
I plan on it. Nothing set in stone yet though..
Yeah Baby!
u sure? let me see it then ;D
thanks for the follow! I hope you find our IP and entrepreneur news helpful :) See you around Boston!
haha-I'm actually on the look out for the bad cop. Interested?
Here it comes again
if that happens again, holler at us, and we will make room for ya! haha
Even 2 years ago for the People shoot.. She looked fine.. Too much Botox
When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice. William James
I downloaded this tower defence game on my phone and I almost got all of my dragon eggs stolen.
…but less annoying still than those who RT without even having read, thought, formed an opinion about what they're RT'ing!
Coffeescript looks rad. So I guess now is a bad time to learn Scheme??
Some Irrelevant Hater Named iJever Stared Hating On Austin And Calling Him A JB Poser When In Reality He Was
I spent way too much on groceries today.
not bad.
RT : Good read! RT "Xcell Journal Takes Deep Dive in2 Xilinx's Vivado Suite w/ Blue Pearl #FPGA Synthesis article http:/
Take it outside...That's what I almost wish President Obama would do with Boner...take the Speaker behind the woodshed
20 bill for democracy in #Arab spring countries..forthcoming foreign policy decision
Anything and everything...
Boston Entrepreneurs & Executives: Dinner, Feb. 1st - tix $37.00 (great food, people, venue & speaker) -...
i need a new phone lol cant wait to get a new job ugh i hate waiting lol
Ugh hate it when I accidentally save a search!
Monday bud!! Haha
I can't keep up with everything she uses (or so she thinks) :) but I know Pinterest and FB are her favorites.
Congratulations and hats of to all the MRN Chapter Presidents today in training! Investing your Saturday to grow so you can help other grow!
let's hangout. Hilton 4th floor. Library wins!
u had balls to say those things but now that i confront u, ur balls disappear? and u ain't ever apologized to me so that's some bullshit
haha ay you can call me and il do the same with you :D No lie!
Use a condom, and my body.
that's a ton of $$$ great job!! It's going to be all fun from now on--planning and counting down the days to DR.
Don't forget to like your favorite picture for the back of Pasadagavra!
#thatcampgames Photo of 600-day-old hamburger is kinda making me gag.
judging by the way some guys sit, they're the size of baseballs.
Nope. I'm behind a season. I just started watching a couple of months ago on Netflix and I'm almost caught up!
hey how u doing?
love you hahaha casually cruising around right now
good morning Thomas(: hope you have a good day<3
Not sure this counts as a word, but 24/7. Makes my eyes bleed to read it.
what time is the cut off for saying good morning?
TY for following. I look 4wrd 2 getting 2 know u! Have been teaching dyslexics for 28 yrs!
I just don't care anymore.
BUTTER U BETTER FUCKIN LOOK UNDER UR BED AND LOCK UR DOORS AND WINDOWS CUZ I'M GUNA KILL U
Livin like Larry
I know who is!
Experimented with some essential oils this evening. The scent in the apartment reminds me of hippies.
Still remember going to Junior Seau's restaurant many times when I spent time in San Diego as a kid.Hands down the best sports bar out there
Is anyone still here in Myspace land?
as opposed to you not smelling good? Lol
My dad hates every single rapper and rap song alive but yet he loves Nicki minaj and super bass!! Idkk whts wrong with him
I need a drink !
The folks in this town have chosen to buck state and federal laws and claim their own rights to choose the foods the eat. Warms my heart an
oh em gee it was! So sinfully delicious. And so much alcohol lol
on the mount with
Awesome Costumes!
We've arrived! Checking out #krannert now -pretty awesome!
Bucket list #345: Jet ski down the tranquil canals of Vince, Italy.
Ink and paper are sometimes passionate lovers, oftentimes brother and sister, and occasionally mortal enemies. ~Terri Guillemets
Enlightenment is finding that there is nothing to find. Enlightenment is to come to know that there is nowhere to go. Osho Quote -
R.I.P to the legendary whitney houston you will be among us for ever through your music
Scam from ToTo Lottery Malaysia claiming $750K British pounds winner chosen by e-mail, must keep info. from public, Caltex promo says.
come back to Florida
This is why we stress that swimming is an imperative skill for all
Pssst. We're open.
This has been the longest week.
Getting my fitness on at the gym with my boy
my parents registered me in this camp
try going sober at 5pm
I streamlined my Marketing with this Integrated EZ System see...www.Video-TV-Email.com
no im a junior  lol
#so to my newbeez
<waves> I can see Z Tejas from my Window
“: $140” you're out for not paying attention. You get the award for trying though.
congratulations on having one of the most beautiful women for ur wife. U the man!!!!!
Having to wake up just to go pay bills sucks 4rl....
Really enjoying the north side mini-maker faire! Shame I can't stay long. /
shoudnt you be in class??(;
So Much Clothing Coming Out For Yall This Summer, It Will Be Crazy
A rainy morning but we are here for you with good music, books, & a big SALE! Dbl Punch drink of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha!
If you're in BS, you should go to Night Shades.
Dear #Klout, what's the point of sending me perk notifications if they're always full?
I think in n out wld take away this headache.
Not even sure coffee could help me function at this hour.
I got her somethin special this year....
It's safe to sell your home again Given everything they knew about the lackluster housing market, Meghann and Cort Battles didn't expect
>;o) We're also gonna be at the HOPE market (5th/Waller) on Sundays... with donuts AND cinnamon cardamom rolls and also sourdough
I Cried When Mufasa from "The Lion King" died.
One thing I like about Zara is they never out of closet!
That last message was meant to come after the one that began "His eyes were bright..." I am still trying to understand this new technology.
I am not a second class citizen.
no like ever go bad lol ?
#ImThatPersonWho embraces ORIGINALITY AND BEING YOURSELF BECAUSE IMITATION IS WORST THEN MURDER
More social media is the last thing I need in my life. Urgh, so over it.
s/o 2 for puttin me on that "love letter" album!!
Twitter spam bots seem to be really pushing a bi-sexual agenda today.
The sun is trying to come through the clouds..
lol good one
This shit I'm smoking tho some damn fruit
We LOVE Ya we love ya we love ya and where you go we follow we follow we follow
all good.. just trying to finish my cup
Sholl wouldnt mind having a gf I'm not gone go looking I'm gone let her com to me thn I'll no it's gone b long term
Any Drupal folks online who could help a colleague of mine with an odd issue with notifications? Thanks for any help.
Ok the moment has passed #I'm good
will my day be awesome or crapy
We appreciate the love!
Teachers better expect me to sleep in class today cause i am freakin tired.
Where all the thick girls go? o_o
perhaps that email was meant for your evil twin... Happy April Fools?
Yamaha win today! Also set fast lap in the Clone endurance race
Coloring my best friend 's hair. Haha she's one hot bitch.
u voted for me to host a tv show, thank u! I work weekends, today is my friday though, so yay! Hope u have a good week!
My neighbors have 2 roosters who make racket all day! I wonder if I need a hunting permit to take them out with a BB gun?!
word up, def needa #revive that line ha
Closing early today see you all next week
Attempting bacon wrapped chicken. Pretty sure it's hard to screw up but I could be wrong. Worst case.. he gets bacon flavored chicken.
the female condom does indeed exist! here in Chicago, we are trying to spread awareness & increase demand. Follow
Know wht U have 2 do & attach deadlines 2 those tasks. dont waste time constantly having 2 think abt 'what's nxt.'
Food ;] But, I love dum dums!
Be sure you pick up your copy of "Heaven" on itunes or CD Baby
Thanks for following Dirk - love the color of your hair in your bio pic!
#slightlyaddicted to justin bieber
Headed to Nest to kick off #Artrageous!
Can you give some idea what you're talking about?
19 books during a book-buying freeze... *nodding head* yes, I am impressed!
wil lyou please make me very happy and follow me & !!! PLEASE DUDDE!
Watching "Cedar Rapids" just excellent and endearing. Coming of age for adults!
no one ever uses the white crayons ;(
Legacy acts tonight. Including the crowd. Alejandro, now Built to Spill.
Life has presented me with a decision I knew I'd had to make one day. I hate this.
wondering how i am going to walk to walk to the metro in 4 in heels
Who knows more about you: Your family or #Google?
This morning came to my house. Tomorrow they come to zap all the buggies! yay!
Today was such a great day for soccer here, then ESPN gave us
Indians announcers won't shut up about this perfect game. would never do that. crazy
All things #startups & digital in #Charleston #SC , good way to keep up with local news & goings on.
what's most concerning is that you follow
ah, can't stop staring at my icon. he's so freaking lush, I mean, what even is air? ♥
Ooh! For clowns/sideshow, people "harvested on time-travel expeditions"--outrageous costumes, unlikely futures.
and come to mine! (: haha
FUCKING... Spammed me again. I hate you
She & Him
is it possible to watch something british without spotting someone who was on "doctor who" at some point? i don't think so.
Bring it! Allagash all around
uncut dude... a fat hard uncut dick haha!
we are meant for each other #realtalk we both
Going to make sauce and noodles! :D #AmIItalianYet?
Almost time!
You can't put into a chip,what the strength of a human heart can do. That's the difference between man and machine. John Connor,Trmtr Salvtn
Ohio State did stink, but my darn Nebraska Cornhuskers stunk worse. Real Big 10 letdown for both.
Recall created an innovative solution to make sure the right RFID tag is used and it is Six Sigma certified.
The accent and bubbliness in person made a better impression than just a voice in a sad song. I wonder if shes sad now.
hows it going?
C Lo Green Time.
Fellas, eating pussy keeps ur lips soft ;)
#MyFavoriteSongsEver Gin and Juice
10.... is Florida time the same as Ohio..? lol
Weird that I'm jealous of Miss Wisconsin? Not because she won, but because she had a national platform to ask to call her...
holidays are about family together, food is just there. I dont care if it is liver and onions or lobster so long together.
Ha! Never!! I love the MARC train. What's all this fail business about?!
iPod is about to die so bbl luv y'all xoxo
so glad you liked pepper pot soup! served it to his troops & #BestThingIEverAte on
I feel complete just being with you. <3
WAY TO GO JESSY,WAY TO GO
how is NKOTBSB? :) So jealous!
Shit brah nothin posted at the housebut yeah is u tryna do a song or what u tryna do?
So nobody I need to talk to right now is up and sober?!!?
I want a nose ring. Post-exam celebration? You get your haircut and I 'll get a nose ring :)
Haha! RT : don't get all Woodward and Bernstein on him and scoop it for the Post
Heading out to Meet & Greet to visit with new editor Sara!
Follow team take money
#sagaftra #oneunion merger: went 2 info mtg, read docs, saw live streaming & voted 'YES' x 2 today, as proud member of both SAG & AFTRA.
Are you at Carmel yet?
#FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for #LikeArt & other exhibitions here:
Tap Takeover tonight w/ from 6-9pm. Live music and beer specials!! Come try some new brews
no problem
Before tonight's #Rockies-#Mets game, Tracy said tonight was "a genuine opportunity for Guillermo Moscoso to make a statement."
I am trying to get outside more today, too. I was inspired by the others last night!
dressing as the Rouge dead guy ale (its a beer) queen! excitedd
Oh hey, Dean's List, nice to be on you.
I completely understand.
Bored at work
I only use twitter when I'm bored lol. Which is often
grape juice? (:
Dear Israel: It's like training dumb animals. When they misbehave, You've got to punish them IMMEDIATELY, Or they don't make the connection.
I need to start packing snacks like
Don't forget about the Little Miss & MisterTexas Topics Regional Finals at Zuma tomorrow morning. We are going to have a blast!!
OMG Too cool! Go into my account and see what I'm presenting to Junior Achievement tomorrow ON MY PHONE!
Welcome New Followers----Just let Stream and You Will Find....
happy birthday, save some brisket for me!
Working in the desert area, I hear the children of the night howling in the desert, (coyotes)
What other office has all the TVs turned to the #RedSox game? One of the perks of working at Go Sox!
skype date at like 2 or 3 your time with me and please say yes!
Rochester winter is much colder than I remember...
Just touched down at LAX
yeah. Sitting pretty at my in laws cabin! Low effort camping...
so wht r we going to do first
On it. You caught me sleeping (literally).
Ah. The projected self-loathing of the police in the morning...
correction: USED TO.... TWO DECADES AGO....LMAO. STOP MAN...LOL.
One more hr then im off for the day gotta go see my baby cheer at there last football game then go home and cook for the fam.
hahahah it's not so easy, is it?!
i just wanna lay down, listen to some good music & let the day pass.
Play that funky music white boy.
Thanks Doug. It's about time we get some powerful patient-centered apps built on Let's get this done in 2012
FTP transfer in process.....maiden voyage of the new site soon to be in progress. Stay tuned for details.
David Viscott~ In the end the only people who fail are those who do not try.
Some parents are way too stubborn. One of my sister's students was sick all last week, but the parent's still took her to school…
I actually will be beg/borrow/stealing tickets this year unless I win mail order lotto. Beer Baron accepts no comps. Mostly.
New Renaissance Records! c:
I knew I couldn't be the only one. I'm a big supporter of social media, but it's hard when it doesn't work the way it should
Hey lady, I've got Adele blaring in my earphones & I can still hear you. Please go back to traveling. I hate your loud voice.
Regents cancel meeting scheduled for UCSF 11/15 based on terrorist logic and claims of "rogue elements" looming.
Saw her on Letterman earlier this week. She sounded great!
(: i WAS IN BUCKLE
Thanks so much... it was a pleasure meeting you and working with you.
Starting to pack up
lessons learned from the transformation of writing from page to screen - entirely new ontology
Getcho pockets up. Big bank take lil bank.
of Twitter now that you've schooled me I can do the same for someone else. Look forward to tweeting thanks again. Tweet! Tweet!
#money I get
I always turn on the tv and my computer at the same time. I can only pay attention to one at a time, but I need both.
I'm not even gonna get mad anymore. I'm just gonna learn to expect the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of.
I have literally never felt more used in my entire life.
Everyone FOLLOW She bad , and she a Stranger .. but follow her !
MODERN DEFINITIONS... DIVORCE: Future Tense of Marriage
tell me about it.
Good morning. Started picking good footage from my music video last night w/Co-Producer Laura Calcaterra. Then it's off to my editor
- Agreed. Who do you have at WR? Last week slapped me in the face with both scoring a total of 7 pts. Ugh.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. William James
thanks to all the folks who offered to send me the file to Suspended View. i'm covered!
Without compassion, life is harsh. Today, put yourself in someone else's shoes and love them no matter what.
yeah binks! roll to SF soon.
naw I live in Kentucky now bro but if I was in Houston I would for Waka and 2 Chainz
“: Drunk #Vegas” hell yeah sue get It done
I've never seen a McDonalds or a Burger King under construction. They just show up out of no where…
Drafttek now projects Fletcher to mid-7th round...had a feeling this might happen, it's going to be close
& the Jalex moment died when Tay went & made it all taylex-ish lol let's sink the taylex ship now. (I don't really hate taylex I just joke)
I Dont Have anything against gianna (:
nothin much how you feelin this morning?
Tequila Marinated Skirt Steak and Sangria from last nights Pilates Plus San Diego client appreciation bbq..awesome time guys
And of course the program would not take any of them and they are Required field! I even opened up Photo Shop and re sized all the pics
well i dont really know what to say back to that. I guess i look forward to seeing you next year.
2012 is amazing... The Mayans better be wrong!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo! It's time to tee up
Indeed! You can see a picture
open face beef or turkey sando w fries or mash
#NowPlaying My Boo - Ghost Town DJ's - The good old days of So So Def(:
haha well I thought I was gunna get to see 's butt for a second.
hell no, i aint racist!
Keeping my fingers crossed!
I feel like everyone has lived or lives on warren......
Dear #EG8 participants: Please do not let these crazy French politicians break the Internet with their lust for conquest & "civilization".
Hell yeah! RT You guys are amazing! <3 WOO you follow me:L
TV night! Woo hoo!
's Founder and CEO Mitchell Reichgut speaking alongside of today 's Case Study Road Show in L.A.
Took me longer to put my shoes and coat back on than to get thru security at DCA #TSATime. In anticipation of long lines, 2 hrs extra here
That's why men are dogs, we don't like y'all cause y'all aren't balanced. We get what we need & 2 fingers. Cont.
Sad thing is if my Madrina would've just let my friends I had be my Chambelanes & damas then we wouldnt have this fucking problem
I have found twitter once again! Hopefully to stay this time! :D
When was the last time you shopped local? Was it for apparel, a gift, or a unique treasure?
me to!
there u go!:)
ok Gwyneth Paltrow- loving the white moment, would have loved more if it was a long sleeved one shoulder instead of a cape
“: your dad is the man”
You're awesome! Let us know that you think!!! :)
Happy Monday! Want to up your productivity, and streamline your workflow? Contact us 866.460.6611
in bed watch movies
love this.
Your words fall upon deaf ears.
Exactly what major demographic is the #nbaallstargame catering to with Nicki Minaj's shirtless male backup dancers?
Smh. might as well not even come bro. you'll get here at 230 and gotta go at 3
I need me some Clif.
WHEN DID NICK NOLTE GET SO OLD?!?!?!?!
Advertise on to over 35k weekly listeners. Great rates. Send info to
Oi, what was that tweet thing from before? I can't remember the name of it.
Absolute Love. Are you Maximum? Agape Love, Godly love, friendly love, charitable love. The meaning of life is constantly learning 2 love.
I need pro tools....!
Was especially cool to see her wife and family's support. Super rad.
hey if you have heard of a site called lockerz and need an invite just follow me ask me for one and you will get one asap
Ugh my stomach... Wtf!
Look what you've done #Np Drake
Ben & Jerry's in general :) Girls know!
(thinks:he never loved me)
I would let someone kick me in the nuts if I never had to talk to time Warner again
RT Will be starting my diet and exercise again tomorrow!
#Consumers > price signals > #food #business > price signals > #farmers. - Mark Muller
Dex is kinda like a conflicted superhero
get the haircut dude...always feels fresh
Yoooooo the power just went out in our dorm!...and girls were really screaming like its the end of the world
It's all shits ad giggles until someone giggles and shits
HEY I JUST MET YOU, AND THIS IS CRAZY, SO HERE'S MY NUMBER, CALL ME MAYBE
Guess I wasnt no help. Smh.
Cheese pie on my mind rite now # yummy :-)
Watching the game at the restaurant... we need this game boys, let's go!!
You're in for a treat, brother...between that & #TheWalkingDead, I'm dreading the end of the season!
Im tired as balls after a seven hour handjob.
I drop a bomb every morning. Sometimes again before lunch.
As if running to make the bus wasn't enough! Now bus driver cracking jokes at our expense?
If we were squirrels I'll put my nuts in your hole. RT if you get it : P
yeah defs bro. Miss you already! Take it easy :)
Natural Areas Association Meeting in Vancouver. Ask about our negotiated rate for the event.
Its so hard to let go of the past if you we apart of it
Mrs CF off on an adventure with her Mom & Sis. Rusty holding down the Fort. Have a great weekend, everyone!
RT : RT : never rocks a set...they perform a show, man shit.
I'm glad you think so :D
if this goes down(very doubtful), then it's a gift from heaven, and the new players introduction should be with a lot of smoke!
Moving to California by car in 2 days and only JUST started packing.
Looking forward to presenting our 19 accepted abstracts this May at ARVO 2011.
Internet Explorer, I hate you more than ever - because you should have your act together by now.
Mark Greene: reallocated 5% of each staff member's time to collection reappraisal.
In that case you'd better keep him!
Lol so what
Train ride at 11:50am and will be arriving Thursday at 5pm. Lawd bless this ass of mine because Im about to be sitting on it for 29 hours!!!
I admire the movie " rab ne bana di jodi" its a nice movie I love the idea of movie and I love the king ♥
RT The party is at an African restaurant. That's just awesome.
we were just glad to make them! Thank you for the order!
My little Reese is such a blessing!
If it's too late for love to change your mind, then it's goodbye time.
Today's Boot Camp at Noon at Titans Gym Cleveland has been cancelled.
I might hurt somebody feelings and they gone wanna fight me Ima have to hit that " I'm jus playing "
West lib next event re intellectual property trademarks copyright
SLAYING ALL Dream Killers !
stayed in when i should've been out. had i gone out i wouldn't have remembered to shut the power down for an hour and i'm afraid of the dark
i do but he doesnt seem to listen. i know hes teething also but it sucks
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT!!!
These niggas r dumb.....
RT - Was up 2 dem REAL MIAMI Dolphins FanZ dats still up
Hey everybody! How are u? I hope all of you momma's had a wonderful Mother's Day! <3
I cant wait for christmas woo hoooooooooo
COUPLE OF TABLES FOR COCO TOMORROW NIGHT IN XO !!!! ALMOST SOLD OUT !!! 700 PEOPLE SHOWED UP LAST WEEK EXPECTING TO SELL OUT 210-789-9079
Ok, stop raining now. Thanks.
And Professor Bhatia use to smoke cigars.... BOO YEAH
S/O
DUDE!!!! IN STOKED!!! Time to ROCK together again :)
=D im proud of you for saying that
You are so nice! Thank you. My site that I am playing w/this week is Helloslide. Slides are narrated in a british voice. Its fun!
Thanks very much
Be sure to not miss this-great live music friday!!!! RT : Don't miss The Cries Of... live Fri night!
uh oh!!! No more in and out burgers for BG anymore???
TS and I are great friends :)
hey , i must have huffed too much of the c-60 yesterday. i was high as shit watchin the penz game last night.
Yes, it's true! --> RT #funfact I'm an Ordained Minister... so, if you're getting married give me a call!
yay!! Can't wait to see you too (: it's gonna be great!
follow me back sekou
I can't remember the last time I actually did my homework..
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. – J. Paul Getty
Tip of the day: If you want to be patient then alls you got to do is go fishhng
I'm rite hurr
FAFSA# Silver Lining? Taxes will be done before the boys of summer# are back!
I actually want that gig. Who has to persuade anyone to be interviewed? People love to hear themselves talk.
Tonight's show is only $8! Address is 9719 W. Broadway Pearland, TX.
listening to "Home" by Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros on Pandora. Song from NFL commercial. Great Tune. thx guys.
right??? they're fucking good!!!!
Someone please give this girl a carmel apple!
I don't think any girl can take her place
Got the Incredible today. Gonna sell my Droid.
Wow did we really just wake up...
that's what i'm talking about!! it's about time, LA!! ;)
everyone does who watches nick does her and victoria justice
A crazy 2 week schedule with travel - starting today!
Floyd Mayweather is getting his ass beat right now
2011.07.02 #Brewers 8 #Twins 7 | Given up for dead / Roenicke moves chess pieces / Plush keys wild win
Best entertainment bets for May 6-10
dame girl the older you get the sexyer you get what ever you doing keep doing it baby girl
that time I felt it it was genuine
DON'T FORGET! is going to be tomorrow night! Great seats still available!
GET REMOVED
and my room wasn't even that dirty u ass kisser
I hate when I grab the side of my computer and the CD slot opens. Fucker.
awww... Makes me miss my pup... How you feeling? Going to be at SNS?
Mrs. Edwards is assigning homework like it's the end of the god damn world
sorry i got on Tweet Limit on NicksgitlyoyoxD LOL nd Yes i Love Boy Shoes :)ILYShawty<3
Welcome home!
Seriously... Have slept in everyday... So annoying
Dropped my iPod on the tile floor AGAIN
Workforce: tension of building a "creative workforce" within business hierarchies. Community volunteerism is one way
when the fuck you started following me anyways dude im fina just block yo goofy ass i refuse to see you down my tl
do I know u?
I used to respect wade. But he admits to taking the backseat to prince James. Chalmers, Haslem, Bosh, Battier. Fuck them.
going to ur concert on sunday!!
I was wondering where these hives came from...
that's funny. don't suck
the PER is calculated using specific program created by south Korean chimps & Mexican boxing mice migration patterns
where r u?
who uses mental models (indi young style) as a starting point for ux design? i'm experimenting w/ a client. some +'s/ some confusion.
Wedding gown has arrived. Thank you Amy Michelson and Kleinfeld's!
One of my worst traits is that I always find the MOST inappropriate times to laugh.
RT Time is money
yep, love that guy.
