#100factsaboutme I'm a heartbreaker, but if you break my heart, I'll burn your house down! :-)
oh no!! I love laughing at crazies on segways here in SD. Especially when they look so serious on them.
LOL :) Yeah, and they will blame Bush for it...
Follow to get more information about Music in Atlanta
Almost Home
thank god for my family. absolutely the best people in the entire world.
I LOVE the promo!
We can all fucking sponsor a rescue seal or something. No need to get a tattoo, I'll remember you all perfectly fine.
see the mission's to get what we don't got, the strugglin' don't stop until we drop
Hulu live streaming State of the Union tonight, 9pm EST.
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho never shuts up...oh wait thats me
you need some of cupcakes at your birthday celebration!!
"Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about"
Happy Mothers Day! :D Headed to surprise my Mom, Aunt & Grandmother! (:
AYE U BE LOOKIN GOOD N SHIT
No matter what I'm always going to care about you even if you don't me. Idc
About to get TNF party action started! 5:30 kickoff
YouTube or podcasts only, no typing
good I cleaned my room did some laundry and got some head
When is this gonna start?
It's a rainy day on vacation.
dude had knee surgery, like 2 months ago?
please add to the list. Thanks
is it?
Great Day...feel like makin sum moves
Trying to decide how to make it in academia w/o selling soul to the process of always realizing I am less respectable, somehow, w/o tenure.
Just met David Solano! :D
What's going on with website? Keep getting an #error when trying to look up #summer flights :(
What It Do Bro, DM Me Yo Email Too
weak tweet
nope not working is it public?
Having an awesome wife really does make life easier.
Taking a day off or Relaxing means I'm just slowing down my workload for the day...
haha oh yea I remember that! That was funny!
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 54 to 59....
You wasn't with me shooting in the gym!
it really does.
There's always a first time :)
I love that movie! She cracks me up in it.
ok . ima call you in a min.
let me come out with me own shit
Don't know what I'm buying my dad for christmas
BUT IMMA KEEP VOTING FOR YALL CAUSE I LOV YOU GUYS :)
just caught a short clip from "hot dogs for gauguin" - you make a loveable terrorist! but how does it end...?
could I ask you a question (:? Its actually kinda important?!
I'm not sure about that, but my comment on Ricky was meant to be facetious.
thx for following!
"Parents"- à comedy/ Horror film, rated R. Set in the 50's. Involves cannibalism and house wives? Okay.
Is gold still a safe haven.
Too many commercials, not enough show.
You should give me a shout back for wearing your jersey every Sunday since you signed with the birds last season!
says May of 2013 but we can pull some strings... :)
Want to try new FF dishes—incl #meatless items? Only 4 hrs left to tell why you deserve 2 free tix to our 4/13 popup! Good luck.
I was booked for 3-days with Appointments! Many wonderful Healings and lives changed... God's blessings upon all.
Survived my first week at the new job. Very grateful didn't fire me.
That's kind of what I figured. My little one doesn't like playing in the rain!
On chill mode tonight.
I have the weirdest dreams.
MARRY ME NAILL HORAN
it was great. Yours???
Happiest of Bday wishes to you :)
I hate when I turn a Guy down and then i hear him tell his friends " fuck her she's not even all that hot" that really hurts my feelings
On my way to see mom. :)
Beautiful day
It has been quite the week. If I don't pass out in my enchiladas later, I'll end in the win column.
Its a blessing and a curse. :D
um i did lol
perfect!! i'll come over soon and we can bond! i must got get luncheon first!
RT oh boy : So Sami says MOM, what did you do to your hair, you need to fly me home so I can fix your hair!! Color is all ...
come on now
Also guacamole, Settlers, Peace (a family Risk in which everyone wins), theoretical physics, sharing apps, vampire movies.
It's always a great feeling when a movie based on one of your favorite books doesn't suck.
just another social network
Define yourself, then outperform! RT : "Don't let yourself be defined by the competition." Ken Chenault, CEO Amex . So right on!
RT Can't make it to Friday's event? You can still purchase raffle tix for a chance to win a 3-month lease on a MINI Cooper!
Amazed when SEOs complain about Google updates. Just shows how out of touch they are with things like vision, authenticity and adding value
- We Will Meet Again Bitch !
work hard play hard
I always hated those weird men's briefs in europe that didn't say anything on the waistband.
thanks dear! <3
DITTO! RT I'm not going to lie if they actually did build an underwater arena I would love to see it/work there.
#Oomf needs to not ac like sheeOn suckk dick !
Coast 2 Coast last night: Bigfoot w/ telekinetic powers? Outrun a cheetah? Its very existence remains a mystery; let's stick to that for now
Tweet me guys I'm bored -Diamond.
#inspiringperson i used to be so shy, when i saw you on youtube it changed me, now i talk more and could not be more happy<3
The ability to embrace change, and empower employees.
#NowPlaying they know remix 🎧 he so adorable i freakin love this boy😘💜
So surprised it wasn't COLDER! : in DC April only 1.5º milder than March #dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Shopping With Mommy <3
These tears wear me out.
OMG just more #batshitcrazy : RT : Santorum: “Now Bella is a life member of the NRA…And I hope it’s a long life!”
My first patient fall today :( technically not a fall though since we had to lower her to the ground...
Another grocery chain is expanding in Portland. Zupan's spent $3 Million to convert the old Wizer's in Lake Grove. More at 6:30pm
Neither of these teams will beat the Spurs.
“: I just feel like I'm over this shit and I wanna smoke weed.”
hum...are you taking classes? might be able to get a student discount. my bro's at u of m--something to think on...
Have you ever heard God speak to u? What did he say?
Thank you for the retweet!
Working on editing Episode 4 as I Tweet. Sorry about it being a day late, [matt]'s been busy with work.
days like these make me think about stuff
Thanks for the retweet!!
Congrats to and : Peabody on #HD3 & for at same time. Did not break internet.
Thank-you my #MothersDay is now much brighter!
smokin weed like its legal
#boyfriends aren't always there for you, but #bestguyfriends are...
Keep your head up gorgeous. They would kill to see you fall. ❤
RocLyfe has just reached over 1000 followers in two weeks...let's keep moving ppl...
Got the lunch time blues, we got lotsa pizza coupons. Beat the Monday BLAHS, have it delivered and beat the heat! www.Denver4Less.com
at my desk
My definition of hell on earth: going to the Apple store in Austin tomorrow to get a new iPad 2 while SXSWi is in town.
if you're wise.
So did I mention how much I love being stuck at my house...oh yeah a lot...-___-
I'm going to invent the new literati genre called laundromat horror stories.
Jessica Simpson finally gives birth - Dramarama
game of thrones
Thanks to our new followers & !
wats good bro'
Ur one of the most fakest people i fucking know fureals u make me laugh dumb bitch((:
Couple hours of sleep and off I go to sin city!
watching the rays game :) longoria <3
RT to keep Joe Biden on the road & in the news, totally uncensored.
#HarvardSquare is still one of my happy places. Good to know.
hahahaaha! this made my day... mastaaaah cylindaaah (doot, doot, doot) master cylinder... going to be singing it all day!
wa miss you come home
Hailstones ? It must be May.
Don't even try to make me feel like shit when I got plenty of shit on you to ruin you.
yes it is!
I Made It So You Hate It That I'm In All Of Your Friends' Playlist..
haha I'm talking about you #duh (:
The Twisted Animated Take On Amare Stoudemire Versus The Fire Extinguisher (Video)
yea definitely man
Hopefully Lebron and D.Wade can pull it off this year!
I saw that you finished cleaning your room...not!
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
oh gosh I hate when that shit happens! I order then I realize I have no money & have to tell them to hold it embarrassing 😔
I would love to conjoin! We could be attached at the hip-Siamese Social Media Twins!
and I have coined a new phrase, 'Nit-Twit'...why don't I get it?
Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes
Good morning! I woke up craving chocolate...does that ever happen to you? #SUBWAY cookies & coffee for me this morning. Breakfast of champs!
I have no idea. My grandpa is the weirdest eater. Grandpa, WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU AND YOUR OLD ASS?!
Yeah, tied on points with that team featuring Landycakes, Posh's boy-toy and Robbie Keane. Oh, and we have a game in hand. #Crew69 #FireWho?
tip talk huh? I guess, why not, it is Wednesday!
You're suppose to dislike him. You watch BECAUSE of him RT : oh god I hate Pete Campbell....I watch in spite of him
thanks for joining today's chat:
Only one person retweets my tweets. LOL. I'm so totally popular ;D
Woohoo! Breakfast with my Beyonce and my Best Man
Although this whole ban foie gras debate while there's double-digit unemployment is a great example of how ridiculous California politics is
I noticed that. I wasn't watching--that's why they won.
America in the global community. I'm in it right now, we have to freehand the
2. My "Wreck This Journal" Book! 
The Adventures of Bub Rodgers in the 21st Century!
Forgot to mention that has been semi-secretly watching Girls while I sleep. It's ok: he updates me so I can have opinions
Great night at macs!!!!
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. -Pema Chodrun
I just showed that to my GF and we both awwed really loudly haha. And yes, being a pup parent is the best.
Crap! You're leaving me in the dust on my own good intention! Gotta try harder.
it's in my old hood - only 1/2mi down the road from where I lived for 3 years.
open in CLE, close at home vs NYG. Thursday game at home vs CIN. Dallas on 2 SNF, in NOLA for MNF
our apologies. we just changed our hours.
I'm the new American idol, up until someone lowers the volume on the music lol
Got a 7th and 8th grader to help me with my crush. ME GUSTA~
if you like fantas of course. (Modern Fantasy)
Discussing this now!
About done with some people
": #Confession I'm still not real sure what the Agriculture Commissioner does."Unfortunately 1 thing is he oversees the horse industry
“: The economy is NOT doing better. Don't be fooled by the numbers.” it definitely is starting to.
Guys assume every girl is a hoe cause thats all they ever had. They never actually had a good "woman".
love love love your music.
Still a lovable dump! RT : Maloof raises idea of renovating Power Balance, says it would cost less, put less pressure on city.
hahah ok ok but I think we can't talk about that here lol :P
Good morning, the sun is up, are you?
putting on feathers and flapping your arms is a good second attempt
Peppermint supports liver & respiratory systems, improves taste & smell and improves concentration and mental sharpness per some studies.
I love my Arianator family<3
Alex Presley needs to be optioned to Indy. He needs to find his groove again.
Mark the time: I just saw someone use Siri for a real purpose, not showing it off to friends.
I Realize That A Relationshio Comes With Marriage Thoughts But Is It To Early To Talk About It
: I got permission to leave at 4:30. are you coming to my library tomorrow?
just realized that I'm not packing yet! I need to pack, clean, study, and shower before 10. hopefully that will work.
Hello, newspaper, somebody get me re-write! #Rockies Todd Helton just hit grand slam! It's 4-4 in eighth.
woah! Figures you'd put your real face when you're not Jillian "k" anymore ;)
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Levi jeans and heels...
I just want to go back to sleep.
Drinking a campfire mocha from Caribou its only necessary when I have a strained big toe and have to wear heels
Some people need to learn how to mind their own business.
Thanks bud. I bought a 12 pack, so a beer or ten is definitely doable.
that's one meal you could have at any time :)
sounds good to me bud -- enjoy the game!!
Have a beautiful day! Just met with some great people at Desert Rose Restaurant in Los Feliz last night. Great Lebanese food. Yummy!
im so scared
I am ready for 2012!!! Whatever happened in 2011 is behind me now!!!!
This is not the person I used to know You're not the person I used to know
We'll take thibs if chicago won't keep him.
Today is preparing to go to #ISTE11 tomorrow. Excited! Wish I was there today for Educon, oh well, I will follow what goes on here!
i think they will be alright...
Ditto! Next time I want to see your pretty face!
Same here...I saw all of them. This surpassed all of them.
I made you wait for so long D: *hugs and gets in the car*
Mehh. hope i make it in time!!! :(
Cashier at lunch spot yesterday has a son with swine flu...I'm still showing no symptoms. Phew.
I'll be at #ala11 too. It's my first time as well.
Gunna be another one of those great days! Happy to be where I am
Tonight, Bakers, the B Will Experiment, 8pm
in Arizona? Damn
My life cud honestly not get any much worse....:'/ why is this happening to me....:'(
I give up ._.
YES! RT : If your interactive runs on an iPad, visitors expect to be able to pinch, zoom, i.e. use it as an iPad.
Boy : "Can you help me?" Girl : "Sure.. What can I do for you?" Boy : "Can you love me?"
Smoke my life away
thx so much. I get so much inspiration from my pln and #kinderchat I'm so lucky to be a part of it all
Can never fall asleep on Sunday nights
I hope Buzz punches Cadougan in the face at halftime.
Woo-hoo! Lets do it! :) RT : Thank you so much for following me! Let's get the message out!
not drunk yet
will you follow me please?? I gave up on trying to get and to follow me :(
It would go viral, dude.
Referring to Madonna: "I think she needs a new hip!"
You can't always "make it happen".....sometimes, you gotta "LET it happen".....
A Woman holds it down but A Lady never brags about it 💋
LMAO!! ": The throw up on my trick<<< -_- thanks Chris lol"
bring on the Heat! round 2 of the playoffs finally woo
On the upside I'm going Snowboarding for the first time on friday !
Call me McDonalds because I'm loving it!!!!
"Writers write. Dreamers talk about it." -Jerry B. Jenkins
Can I get a puppy bowl update?
5hrs of gameplay so far. Knowing me imma rank up quick like I did on mw2.
So why is summer really about to be on in poppin tho! #summer2012 😘😉
I knew a guy that was so full of himself he broke out in narcicysts.
I don't understand socks and flip flops, but I understand tights and flip flops less.
- could do , but sounds pompous (?) so maybe , or Something fresh and new for you! :)
Tie dying with my boo this week
Anyone have a clue on how much VIP tix are gonna be?
U inspired me at gym today. Did ur push ups from my knees with the kick up at the end. Hopefully my end will kick up soon : )
Looks fun, and scary. But mostly fun. I'd probably have to bring my own g-free beer for afterward...GD I'm lame.
Apparently #MIXTAPE #1 is in stores a week early? Of course I'm the last to find this out - I'm only the
No no no... We could've only done that from the start. Now we've gotta fight to the bitter end.
I know there will be one upset this weekend, but what about those Bulls though?
#wheniwaslittle I usto go through my moms fingerhut catalog&circle everything I would buy if I had my own house. From plates-vacuum cleaners
Good Morning #SXSW! Come and get your wake up juice!
Love your new E.T. video!!!
Getting together with , , , Chris, Michelle, Abbud, and Daisy. Gonna be a crazy night!
Yael Cohen () now takes the #bigomaha stage. Been looking forward to this.
RIP Whitney. What a voice. You will never be forgotten.
you don't even know which one I'm talking about, brother.
Did Rondo tripping cause him to bump into the ref or did he bump into the ref on purpose?
Following and what's happening in #Marryland today
She will be so moved. LIfe flashes before our eyes on stage.
Ha! Hamels! Welcome to the Bigs, Rook!
Coors Field - it'll make a man out of you! Gordon probably felt like he was 175 or so after hitting that.
Grey in orange 12 got get cop if this non wearing Jordan's mufucker don't beat me to em
Show me how
well I'm gonna show these folks......lol
happy birthday!!! Free thursday?
Can't wait to see it! RT “: Fabulous!! Paley is an amazing artist when it comes to steel structures!”
no idea. Action during the race has died since they changed IMO
Hi WRASTeam! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
May 22 Show Out featuring will drop by & Don't forget to request on your local Radio stations! Lets go
saw the movie 'the hangover' last night.. hilarious... i highly recommend it!
Hits from #Nicole's bong c: <3
oh ok, what year were they on?
is amazing(: <3333
Hey Jasmine Can you my friend ?I love you you are beutilful :)
did u see the girl counting down to christmas?
All NBA First Team by , would have Dwight in the middle and Parker at PG though
Have a nice summer Philly!! You always have the eagles… o wait. #phillysucks : Not even enough Flyers fans left to boo.”
What .. ever will we do!
for sure
Can't believe we're 1 fan away from 1,000 on Reverbnation. Thanks for all the support everyone!
In the end, the draft won't matter at all...GB still winning the superbowl this year
so this is what it's like to go live till 9 every am!!
Late night at work. Tired. Closed my eyes for a bit in the cab and end up all the way by Coney Island?!! I'm about to make the news
Teachers in SDL reject contract - Lancaster Newspapers
get wit the movement
At a bar with line dancing. 's sister says it is a veritable "foot circus" up in this joint.
whats a a.n.t.farm quote
White guys with dreads should just take the extra step and put on clown makeup.
don't kill me but FB festival is a no-go for me. Already have plans for that weekend. :( Bummer!!
Outcome should be shared understanding and deeper knowledge of community.
a big THANKS to all my followers. HUG!!! Your presence is a special blessing ;)
“: Give up? When it comes to you, I'm never giving up, ever. I promise.” & sometimes this love will last forever in silence
Yeah, we don't have that anymore.... I miss that organ though.
what style of singing
Been a great weekend! My first book will be available on kindle shortly. Its still under review at the moment, but will put the link up soon
funny story, when i got the FB msg about the reunion Katie had misspelled 's last name. Srsly how hard is it to spell WHIPP?
lol i can't stand u dude wyd though
updating resume, portfolio and website
New song just gave me the chills. Wow.
So were gonna see another race, but for tebow???
I Got Money Schemes That Come To Me In My Dreams. 💰💰💰💰💰
thanks for the follow:)
Looks like other people have the same issue at processing step. No luck so far.
The past is behind us, love is in front and all around us.
these do not seem to be as effective today as they once were. We try to understand "What is to be Done?"
Most people just fake it to they make it...
I Kinda GIGGLED WHEN YOU SAID I GOT THE BLACK CAN WITH A GREEN M! :D
"thinking dreams might be about bright lights and feelin like you're known, but life is about who you want to see when you get home.'"
wah u mean
I hate timid ass drivers! Grow some balls and drive!!! Or stay home! UGH!!!
what's up??
Getting naked .... to take a shower :P
I'm so jealous of you..ugh
i think i have two buttholes now . . .
...and there goes my battery.
go vote for #MindlessBBB & jus forget about the jona brothers right know and go MINDLESS
At the Duquesne game! Let's go Dukes!
I got no life
nope but you sure could why you guys are not on from 3-6 I can't figure it out
Really?! Did not know that. The Sleeping Beauty story from Strange Pilgrims, or Memories of My Melancholy Whores?
Changed my name to . + I have new profile:P
this week will be the death of me.
umm yea - so JEALOUS! Why can't he come to the states!!?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom!!!!! And to all the moms out there!!!
Was that Italian Sausage from one of our shops? How was it?
yupp its that time of breakup moments. hbu
regarding a.m. smartphone app use: I need "in bed" setting so screen doesn't rotate
The top 3 Finalists from Pittsburgh will WIN SCHOLARSHIPS from Point Park University and more.
Lebron James needs to step his game up
Well I'm not a member there but I have 2 krogers within a mile of me. I just figured that was to advanced for them. Thanks!
Everyone should follow ! She follows back!
bruh coach worden can wait, or I will fix him up with a sub during lunch
hey, answer your phone!
#articles Articles Wealth Building Free Blogs PLR Private Label Rights Master Resell eBooks: Distribution Software: What Can It Accompl...
Intelen's disruptions in Big #smartgrid Data: how we use simultaneous "push/pull" point-to-point IPv6 torrent methods for stream data mining
it sucks that you have to find out this way :((( I love you bffsis.
Even in the most progressive of scenes, a dirty foot rears it's bedazzled head. Word to
I'm back! It's been about a month, but I finally escaped from that wretched Walmart. They thought I was a Furbie.
whose babaay shower? i dont think people want a stranger showing up to their shower.
thanks for sharing, Tariq. What's your take on Pinterest?
"You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you." - Ray Bradbury. Oops! I only read the first 4 words! There was more?
that's it. Although she thought it was gin. Sounds better with rum.
#thingsthatremindmeofyou pandas of every emotional variety
Great to meet you man!
We will be closing at 6 tonight and closed all day tomorrow! Come see us now!
Just watched the trailer. I would've been ok without this sequel
Little Mexico!
Capriati into Hall of Fame Jennifer Capriati says being elected to the International Tennis Hall of Fame is a "dream come true".
My favorite fruit is Manqos <3.
Back up, before I chop your balls off bro
Come out tonight! The chicken enchilada in a flour tortilla with lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapeño, and of course the green sauce is rocking!
TICKETS ON SALE FOR CONCERT TO NYC!! FIRST 400 TO BUY GET A MEET AND GREET(:
at mile high happy hour, code sprint later?
Just Deleted ALL DM's I've been sent and had sent out, even before today.
you #fail at life. This movie seems like its going to be intense. I wish you would actually watch it.
"why drink and drive, when you can smoke and fly?"
Ur beauty is still impressing me, what do i say
Fly fishing lessons from Daddy... I need to get my fishing license now!!
If at first you don't succeed destroy all the evidence that you tried
that place is amazing! Get the Mac and Cheese with bacon... You will want to live in that bowl.
just practice!
b-b-b-but they helped me realize that my e mail list is my personal gold mine!
About that furnace. Good and bad news-good news, we will have heat/ac now! Bad news, if ya didn't see the show you won't. gotta protect art!
These blue pills look like skittles
Oh happy day! I hate it when technology doesn't cooperate.
Life is a game. Play to win
#joetacopinaplaylist Snoop Dogg, Murder was the case
I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man; I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
sunshine, rain, sunshine, rain, sunshine.... is this really LA or am I trapped in some kind of nightmare and actually still in London ?
Why should I be the one to talk to you first and ask you to hang out just to get rejected when you don't make an effort? Thats not fair
The library is closed today, Friday April 27th, due to water main work outside the branch
Members of watchdog groups like Sunlight Fd. and Public Citizen laugh at Newt's suggestion he wasn't a lobbyist
How can playtime led to innovation & technology? Rachel investigates at the Coyote Point Museum's Tinkering Exhibit, Sat (3/13/10) @ 5:30pm.
You HATE me...but LOVE the results!
Don't have your most recent issue. Will get it. Great design, adventurous publication.
I just heard that from Shenice. What happened? Thats sad to hear. When was the last time you seen her?
If James Jones's foul on Noah was a flagrant 2, those refs need to go back to man school.
IB may yet rise again, especially if Intel has anything to say about it...
whatup new follower like the name son. u just put me over ... almost
we've been waiting for half an hour in the cold after being kicked off the train.
"oh, Honey. I forgot a guest. Remember I told you about my ex, Phillip? He was great. Invite him & his bf and put them next to mom"
Educator Janusz Korczak and his 200 children were rounded up on this day in 1942 and made to march 3 miles to the deportation trains
wow really
i feel ya -__- RT“: i want someone who understands me ..”
school was a killer today....
Could see a watch box for ern. part of #NBC15 viewing area soon. SPC monitoring the area. More at 11 on-air and online.
midnight business meetings are surprisingly fun
Get out to tonight for the first night of our Wednesday division!
I turn 37 on friday & would die for a happy bday wish from you, pretty please? Also, ReInvention DVD plz.
No!!!! GTFOH with that shit!!! This was not my fuckin idea to come home for the week!! We ain't even do shit on mothers day, not even church
#TU203 "Human Capital too important to leave in the hands of HR"
#Fenway Brats live rock&roll party Saturday night at Who's On First #Boston! Facebook.com/FenwayBrats
That's odd, everytime I watch it I just keep visualizing her rear.
not here, #F_O_L_L_O_W_F_R_I_D_A_Y on
Josh Hamilton slip n slidin. u serious? did u not see what happened to mariano?
You are too funny, just exclude me why don't you!? Ohh, I forgot you already did!
Peace. We want to thank all of our kick ass fans & any haters too for helping to make all this shit happen. Thank you & Stay Drivn eternal.
I'm down for whatever
"Success is not a destination, it's a journey". -Zig Ziglar [Thanks Mr. Delahoya]
Lol I liev in Massachusetts. I feel honored that she turned my state into a swear
Thank you for the RTs! Have a very nice and fun weekend!
In honor and memory of our 22,993 fallen heroes for our State on Yom Hazicharon!! Am Yisrael Chai!!
oh my god! That is just horrible
Congratulations on the launch of your first novel! You should feel very proud of this accomplishment.
You just watched one of the best games ever!!! #WKUHilltoppers baby!!!!! #KentuckyPride!!! Now THAT is March Madness!!!!
thanks man, hope you're having a good time
I love that Buffy conveniently left out the "Angel + Sex With Buffy = Evil" thing.
RT - In the crib watching throwback Hard Knocks with The Jacksonville Jaguars. Just chillin
Today feels like the kind of day where I'll want to kill someone just for saying hi.... Twitter friends are the only exception
okay well now you know in advance..ttyl. my mom is on one...telling me I gotta go to sleep. -__-
#mobwives is such a joke.
ohh k yeah we need to!! Call me gf !
i love her and i hate to leave her lonely
Well.. I'm celebrating #ACBW in style.. 5 beer related events for me next week.
hey thanks for the follow! u should sing dance and play guitar to jaded! "like" us on facebook and get down!!
I have his first poster, <3 yeah I've been there since March 6, 2011. I miss those days when I could talk to him <3
when you erase a person from your contacts cuz you dont talk to them anymore && they randomly end up texting you<<
Congratulations to for his #win today at Quail Hollow! One of many more to come hopefully!!!
you got this!
Audubon society of western Pennsylvania beechwood farms nature reserve
Nadal shifts focus to Spanish clay after Monte Carlo Rafael Nadal prepared on Monday to move from one record setting week to the next as
yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?
I think I'll have a beer.
Is there anyone worse than Taylor Swift live? Maybe not quite as bad as her Grammy performance
somehow resisting the urge for taquitos right now
pilates huh? get em girl.. i cant do it. i tried 1 pilates class and there were machines involved... It was all bad
Diving into the realm of 3D films!!! Gonna be awesome!!!
Just left my first go-see in Orlando. :)
Everyday try make someone smile. Start the day complimenting 3 strangers and 2 friends. It might help them make it through their day.
Anyways going to Cali tomorrow morning for some training! Can't wait! Sleepy time!
@ alexandria, geological enigma
I'm back ma be on tweet 24/7
At what stage of your company's growth, if ever, should you step aside as leader?
back to BBC's GEL, which was presented yesterday by Kutlu Çanlıoğlu
I love it! 3 stories of greatness!
me and katelyn are looking this weekend for them
S/O TO MY COUSIN FOLLOW HIM AND LADIES HE'S SINGLE(;
I am blessed with extraordinary friends.
I wanna meet her so badly!!!
Just got back from seing ''THE LUCKY ONE '' BEST MOVIE EVER Zack Efron is the shit:)!
I need someone to tutor me on how to use Twitter. No like seriously, I do. There is no reason why I can't catch on...i'm like wicked smahht.
Had a good workout this morning but have been wallowing around doing nothing all day since, dreading 1st day back to work tonight...
an employer mentioned your profile in our morning meeting. what impression ru sending to those looking to hire #syep #dc youth?
a teenage spell? you mean like attitude and defiance? ha ha .. of course it does! I can handle it :)
GO FROGS.
Oh my goodness. You are so funny.
what if i told you i can cook burgers?
Jumps in shower..invites u in with a Spank! RT : i SLURP'd already anything over that is YOUR cleanup!
It is so appropriate that the stadium is playing 867-5309 while Napoli comes up to bat against CJ Wilson.
lol yo u could prolly get a deal with the bars u spittin
So excited for unlimited salad and breadsticks at critique group today.
most ridiculous thing in Doyle blog = idea that major owner of a $billion business would stop paying attention for no reason.
Thank's to everyone who joined us for the TOAD Tips and Tricks Seminar in Baltimore. It was a great success!
I am on a journey to know God and love him more intimately, though I know that I fail, He never ever does...
Oh and my alarm is going off in three hours....
upright Is there a plan?
thank you thank you thank you!!
hey tony!
QoTD: "Be satisfied with nothing but your best." (Edward Rowland)
Colin Dunlap for the 2nd part. Wait, does he even count?
Why is it ALWAYS rappers that flake on interviews last minute leaving us totally fucked?!?!?! Arrrgggg!!!!
there still so much work to do.
So excited to be up right now.
Winter Man Camping ... gonna be a hell of a time. 15 at night, we'll need an epic bonfire!!
My life, no longer redeemable, has become an expired coupon.
Travis Ishikawa wears Rob Deer's number. Better bunter than Deer.
Tomorrow night, THUR 7/14, we have ZOOGMA! Opening the show are DJ's Juan Cosby and DJ Stump (of Skeetones). Ages 18+ / $10
im wearing shorts
Hey yall follow me on Twitter
#LeapYear freakout! Already hearing about watches who think it's March 1st
and I are hosting a show on WBNA channel 21 right now but I'm told the cameras wont start til midnight.
My dying work computer can't process tmz or timeline Facebook..what now?
I have never been so excited to go home and do nothing. Long week.
going to order in some Thai food and watch all the episodes of "The Killing" I've missed this season.
Our most popular #sandwiches are about to get even better. Look for thick sliced turkey later this week & tell us what you think!
If I ever saw someone abusing an animal I'd break both their arms
Please tell me you have footage of that you can release:P
I was commenting on your "get married" tweet. ;)
throw a towel over your head and stand over a steaming pot of boiling water
On this day in 1999, Nancy Mace became the first woman to graduate from Citadel, Military College of South Carolina.
why stop now? it's 2012 right, gotta get this music made before the aliens show up in December and take all our water.
Got the munchies:o
= Thanks for your acknowledgement... it's so true.
u could do He-man and She-ra?
I just finished a 2.57 mi run with a time of 29:14 with Nike+ GPS.
Best. Exclamation. Ever. RT Sweet mother of pickles! We're going to #ala12 cc:
and I are getting our Christmas shopping knocked out today! Can't believe Christmas is only 9 days away!
First snow of season?!
well I'm still on #catchingfire but right now I feel like Peeta's too much of a good guy...Gale seems more exciting!
AUSTIN IS KING <33
#CRAZY ASS PARTY
Not sick anymore 👍
Assuming the Pirates game doesn't run long, I'll also be playing at Rivers on Friday, so hopefully I'll be blogging even more at 3RP soon.
thing is, she has to line up the shot. colossus can stand in the middle of the screen and... you know.
of course! No prob (;
Hope you enjoy the read!
Ah replied to me. :D
If you are winning or losing, play your hardest, because it makes people respect you
I actually think there's massive, massive potential there. It's just about getting that connection.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -James A. Michener
Haven't heard thunder in a while
I am fine = I wish you know how I feel inside.
Think i'm going to head out, get a drink or two then come back...need something to get my creative juices flowing
Skylar showed a lot of class by not putting herself into the group she thought might be safe.
Just lost 500 of his 750 numbers on his phone!!! I NEED EVERYONE to message me there numbers A.S.A.P!
- Lloyd Dobbler got the girl and got on the plane. All is right in the world.
this dog bakery here in town.....it was cheap too
Game Time
lol. And if by "no problem" you mean, packed to the gills, then yes, no problem.
#ThirstyThursday , I'd say it was a success. #BacardiHasMyHeart ❤😊
lmaoo probably up here for the year...visit home some time in the Fall
Girls who wear red lipstick >
I believe Drew took it over and changed it. I left in July.
": Tryna hit that New Edition concert in June... #LifeLongFan"<=yeah im most def hittin that too bro
I just jacked off on a Wendy's bag because I like prepubescent redheads and square meat patties!
A bunch of reserve team players were just called over the intercom at KCI to board their plane immediately to Chicago. Ha!!!!
In observance of #ChristmasDay, Meitrack's US office will be close from Dec 24th through Dec. 26th. Please contact HQ for any urgent issues.
RT : UNFOLLOWED -- cause shes a fake belieber who used justin/beliebers for 200k followers then became a quote…
What can we do everyday to offset the effects of the #gulfcoast oil spill?
I past San Antonio now its where you live! :-P
Sands famous wet t-shirt contest. Sorry kids, not uploading any pics.
Ha! Glad you like it, good sir. Hope all is well in your world.
Don't Ask, Don't Tell repeal finally going into effect today. At least something in this country is going right.
Ditto. RT : The Avengers movies is gonna be so ill tomorrow. I'm such a nerd and love summer comic movies
Ok, Detroit....are those snow flakes I see?! Stop it. Now. #only27morehours!
Happy Monday to all!
Tonight! Fremont Bicycle Clinic Fundraiser! Get your bikes cleaned and tuned for donations- plus stay for bands, prizes, and fun!
you are giving me AG vibes via your Avi/profile pic lol
never got a ticket from it ;P
Tomorrow will kick off James' closet getting organized , and will have tons of new merchandise!
Please support our band by downloading your favorite songs for 99 cents/song on the store icon, signing up as a fan and telling your...
You decide how you run your life.
Lopez: Put Ava down. Both daughters were behind her. <crying> "When I stood up all I saw was a car coming right at me."
LOVE that you guys love our shoes! Let's think of a cool collaboration! Let me know any ideas you have :)
F U Pal. Take your spam and shove it up your ass. You piece of shit lower on the food chain than a maggot.
- Sometime's iWonder if You'll Ever Come Back../:
We got it trending yayyy!!!! i knew we could all do it
What a career I have where a Google Image Search for 'cartoon clit' is legitimate work.
Movie time then golf!
Paola, do you view timbre as able to communicate specific things or add to the meaning of words in your vocal compositions?
But they ALL sound so good!
Offensive boards as opposed to defensive... usually bigs grab all of those
It must be nice to beat someone in a video game but sucks to know that they will whoop your ass in 1 on 1 in reality
I have moments when I tend to be a complete smartass to people.
Guinea Pig? That's hilarious... I would try that though. I'm open to culture...
yes we are Blastoff Netowrk (officially). How can we help you?
where's senior elite 💙💍
Opening packs of gum while driving is like ten times harder than texting and driving
Remember the tea kettle - it is always up to its neck in hot water, yet it still sings! ~Author Unknown
No worries What hacks us makes us stronger!
Does Dad need tools? We got 'em -- why buy new imports when we have good sturdy used ones -- keep it Portland and REUSE
Class of 2012- we the best #khaledvoice RT : I am a proud graduate of the University of Missouri. Class of 2012. Wow.
Posted up chillin stacking to the ceiling
They support artist
WHEN?? 103 the peoples station party at the artmore. yes
RT : #Youknowitsfinalsweekwhen there are no tables left in the library or candles left at the grotto.
yes, please.
my sense is actually more that many students don't really have a deep sense of syntax as being something flexible
Ok so I'm sitting here on my ass doing nothing what so ever while my best friend is getting a massage this is really jank :P
RT : thinks needs "hand holding". Pretty sure the Iraq War vet can get through #il08 on her own.
Thanks! I'm so slow but I know it'll only get better.
how bout you learn to STFU! :|
All these commercials are killing me. I miss London so badly! Hands down the best time of my life.
You're a mean one, Mr. Grinch
The majority of poor people aren't poor, do to others outsmarting them, they are poor, do to their own stupidity.
Except the gay boys who screwed me over.
Sounds good! Glad you like what you see/hear!
Lordie. Which charity is that for?
I guess I'll meet you one day... Instead of watching you talk shit in the Group...LOL
The twitter contest for 2 free conference passes is now closed. Thank you to everyone who entered and your kind words
FINAL FOUR. HELL YEAH
Jason Hanley of R&R Hall of Fame riffs on Milton Babbitt: who cares if you teach? (can public musicology be relevant to general audience?)
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy cupcakes... kinda the same thing.�
Stop complaining about every little thing in your life. They're people out there with diseases/cancer, and they still manage to be happy.
I have the funniest scene from #theoffice involving Kelly Kapoor stuck in my head. Having moments of lol as I tweet.
Glad to hear that Obey is doing well.
Oh! Now I feel dum
pshhh im not her ! you wont do that lol
Indeed. Hate is the operative word here. Uglier it gets, the worse it will get. Unfortunately happening too often everywhere.
RT event with SOLD OUT! Wowza... we'll try to book another date in the coming months
oh yeah, duh. Stealing recipes from your bro?
It's a very dangerous and delicious landscape of bake shops here in NYC. I "try" to limit them to special occasions. :)
True...but why must it always be so hard to win. Don't get me wrong I will still have them winning it all in March!
Dito def moves to NYC soon so. Well have a ill city to touch base in.
I hope you have a safe and speedy recovery!
Just caught myself watching the original 90210 and playing Snood at the same time. Freaked myself out, had to walk away. Haha
Who wants to be a model and actor just linked up with the largest talent angent message me for dtails
Ugh...Hope you get to work soon! - R
there is so much amazing music at the moment
You are quite the traveler!
Haha me and Taylor stopped. I'm SO SAD): I AINT GOT TIME FA DIS(:
Y I'm n the house dancing no music or nothing
I will as soon as I can follow people because right now I can't until I get more followers.
I was hoping it would lick itself in mid-air.
Inbox me email ad, story is too long for twitter dm:)
Ms. Archer has to be one of the dumbest teachers i've ever met loll.
Dj Rosay in the building... Rise and shine the early bird gets the worm. I got to get it I'm on the grind yall
NYC comes with all the good and all the bad. Like Puerto Rico. Ill take it.
It took the maid two hours to clean room at the Burlington. Where's the show? Still one more leg I could snooze on...
Eating a slice with the girls :] #enjoying my day
damn sweetie! you tweet so much that if you were actually a bird, you'd be a parakeet lolol
life sucks when you're that great but don't always do great things...you sound like Jalen Rose right now.
geezus, I will stop complaining already : ((
Sadly I have to work at 4:30am tomorrow and it's already 11 so I'm sadly calling it a night. Enjoy your day, or night my dear followers. 😘
"Wild" definitely counts. The author's name is an added bonus for a travel memoir: Strayed.
My morning got MSIE'd. I'll add it to Microsoft's tab.
Eyewitnesses & fellow protesters describe incident as "violent ambush" by security forces, causing "severe injuries" to his face & body.
I before E except after C
it depends on what it is.
round 3 of finally trying to watch Uncle Boonmee. don't know why its so damn hard to dedicate time to finishing this, but i'm gonna do it!
. Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to visiting you soon!
omgoodness, fashion show saturday =)
your face just popped up in my twitter stream and it made me miss you so freakin much! will i see you before we depart?
Thanks for letting me know about the #Instagram fix. Hope you're having a wonderful Saturday.
Start with a dance to loosen the body, then visit a local shelter and give the animals some love, tell jokes on the way home!
KONY was so fake..
Hey mahomies, how you doing!!? (:
We need a new Dance Group of the Week! What group would like to be nominated next?
Got breaking dawn part 1!! So stoked :)
mint julep margaritas. Why hasn't someone thought of this?
This must happen!!!
[Dri] is still Catholic? Don't worry, she'll come out of it. She's in the union, it's time for her to wake up. -Papa dropping knowledge, ha.
Met a female dragon had a fire conversation
#FF for the latest in #Seattle cultural happenings and generally all things awesome: flavorpill.com/seattle
Great find!
WHY ISN'T #SAYSOMETHIN ON ITUNES YET!?
Adderall is being banned in America. Graduations will be less, fat people will be more, after hours clubs will close, jaws will stay still
Blue Dream going sell like crack.
my phone hates tellin me u responded. Supposed to take a train to boston for my flight. Currans convinced me to stay
To want to forget something is to think of it
i've got the coldest heart 'round these parts.
Uhm its my Christmas wish to meet you someday hopefully it will happen soon
#FactsOfTheDay a 6 lb. dog cannot make a 5 foot jump from the kitchen table to the desk.
I'm preparing for the first of two new solo piano sessions at Cookie Marenco's OTR Studios in May...
This In 'n Out was very disappointing. . .
dude im home and it sounds so bad
The article I wrote last Thursday on should Christian Businesses tithe has ranked #4 in Google for the keywords Christian business tithing
Now American Airlines don't let people take bags on that fill the overhead storage so others have to put their bag at their feet. #discount?
Guess I'm gonna call it a night, movie jst went off. Nitersz everyone..
Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
it is! And 100% vegetarian. Get in here ! ;)
MSFT std .net grid control takes 600,000 text items and needs 8GB to display then. Ouch!
I always get a kick out of seeing a ref to the Susquehanna Hat Company routine . . thanks.
Had a great bowl of Pho today - though the tripe was a bit chewy...
if you come to Redmond ever you will think it's Ireland, it's stupid how many gingers there are.
i am
I think it's hard to get noticed anywhere. Customers have so many choices!
Windows are open and people watching is at it's best. Milwaukee's best sidewalk patio is ready to serve you w DJ Justin on the decks
I have one now we are doing evaluations and then I have another evaluation at 3:30
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
#TheActorsGuideToEverything will launch in less than two weeks!
please follow me please
A mother should be celebrated more than one day a year, they atleast gave 9 months per child.
October youth football scores announced - TCPalm
Start off your Saturday afternoon with a glass of wine and a panini!
Today is gunna be a good day I already know! :)
Damn right.
Good Morning TMD'ers..the Spurs and Gm 2, Amare doesnt love fire extinguishers, the rest of the NBA, Yu and a whole lot more
“: Excuse me miss but can I get you out your panties?”
#NCAAFinals i don't think we're in Kansas anymore
Once again Pres. Obama takes the wind out of the sails of Repugs by showing in Afgahanistan & giving inspiring speech to troops.
Hey #followfriday #FF lets start following
I couldn't agree more.
I'm the only person in my Italian class. Wtf
You know you're a Denverite when you step out into 41% humidity and go "it's kind of humid out today"
Won my match tonight!! :) #mydayismuchbetter :)
Yeah I will just didn't want to sleep this early :/
can I get a follow?(:
I don't understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
": I'm waiting for those "free oscar" shirts :) Bytheway ya'll killed it tonight he'd be proud" <3<3
You better believe it!
Would love to hear more about it soon!
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Wow video of Junior pulling Ryan Leaf out of meltdown is awesome. Old school BOLTS.
Lucy hale on abc family movie right now!!!! Can't waiittttt watching in 2 min
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil I loose my lighter for the 100th time!
Format Factory...It's Free!
Now mixing on 's A Stage: The #SXSW-bound documentary on legendary punk band, !
Don't forget to save some foil for your hats! You never know who might be listening.....
UK,great season.heck with Dickie v...
This just makes me depressed. </3 :P Anyways, what's up?
i am to old to celebrate holloween, and if i do i want to be a grim
lol!! Thanks!! Happy Friday!!
Im backk, and by back i mean not hungover anymore
Should not be surprised at all by the multiple ads promoting colon health during these continuous re-runs of Frasier.
#incaseyoudidntknow I'm not watching American Idol ...I only watch the auditions BUT good luck to them tonight
Im sleepy yep bed time
Can you smell what the Mitt is cooking
Margarita's Mexican Food and oyster Bar has a neon "SUSHI" sign in the window.. :/
Got to spend some time with ☺👍
I adore and the #NextChapter. Some really good stuff!
Talk that talk I know I'm such a showoff.
thank u miss KPT. Kick cam in the knee for me for my bday
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou "she hates me I know she does" >.<
He gay
Woah, playoffs already. Well, good then. I'll be crossing my fingers & toes. Tangerine.
Ugh no
POST GAME #CLIPPERS Reggie Evans: "I guess a lot of people gonna miss church on Sunday to watch us play" (AMEN!! )
Still 2hrs left of the Paige Haas-Leukemia Benefit! great turnout! Brian Batch of Alpha Rev up next!!!
Nice little Dunking battle at todays Winter assembly...Joe Tuss won the battle!
Big winds and a barfing baby in Bear Valley. I pray to the storm gods to keep the power on.Don't want to melt snow on woodstove to clean up!
#yournotfromphilly when you say water, instead of wooter.
:) thanks! My dad welcomed me to adulthood and 12 months of financial obligations haha
Mistletoe video, I'm so jelly rite now tho
well, let's not get carried away...but, thank you :-)
I would be happy to. May I recommend #Rouge ? Let me know when you will be there!
pretty good!:)but still waiting for someone to notice me
(1) pay incld no stock options; (2) excitement in work; (3) work perks (beer & foosball); (4) opportunity for impact.
your beautiful just the way you are!
Walked into 10 clubs yesterday pushing DHP. Got called back by 2... Batting .200 but that's ok for a start.
Most of us are only six inches away from success; the distance between our ears.
hardcore bathroom problems! that sucks
OMG! when i went on the official channel for the ICONic Boyz on youtube they had a pic with vinny cropped out, Almost cried...
also curious who will be live tweeting. please let me know
mane i need a mac book pro
Im sorry! Ok im am sorry! :'(
can you plz mention to ppl to follow me, plz n thx!
This worksheet just said how does the president exercise his powers? And I answered "in the gym". This is how I do my government work.
Who else is really excited about the #MAPS Mastery event at the Harry Potter world at #kwfr ?
I hope yur wrong, cuz if yur right, we're basically screwed.
How do ya say there Lamb Chop? RT : what's up there bottle nose?!
its an honor to have you following us! Thank you!
Senioritis does not mix well with a philosophy paper on religion and morality.
Although, even we can appreciate a little extra Tim Riggins in our lives.
30 Rock was so awesome! rocks times 30.
you can learn much here- it is prom night and I have a junior so I'm hanging out/catching up/reading links after STL blues win!
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo everyone who is up
Spotted @ #AllPeoples: SD's #ToddGloria, Rep. #CongBobFilner, former Rep./Candidate Lori Saldana, & Caridad Sanchez for
Thanks 4 the amazing mac n cheese & burger ! A fav #Chicago #restaurant! (& an / spot is an added bonus!)
It's Sunday and you KNOW you want to come in for tattoos and piercings!
#Thatwinningmomentwhen my Mom fills up my gas tank
FREE concert tonight at 7:30. St. Paul's Church in Brookline. Program includes works by Brahms, Bartok, and Haydn. Bring a friend!
Better leave around 5, to be safe.
We werking.. It's that #Pop Hour" fuck some rap, #red-eye shift who up and werking? got records who need some
Remember Leach was forced out of his job at Texas Tech where he had established a foundation. UNM offers little foundation/money to attract
We came to get crunk, how bout you? Bottoms up, let's go round two.
Hate this light on buchtel tf
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 5 Batters
RT : When did I become such an awkward person..
": There are only two ways to fail: quitting and not trying."
ARGH! I #LoveToHate you on #Leverage!!! never admit it made my day...
Yesterday was the beginning of something new! He changed everything... no more ?s, no more doubt. #love kdc
haha im not kidding! That I looked forward too!
It be hot ass hell outside
#moolaboys RIP LOS HERO'S LIVE FOREVER
Practice. Living for these days.
u might b a redneck if u r searching for a mc Donald's n pass 100 other open restaurants while ur searching....
25 Ta Life jersey for a hundred bucks? Yeah, right.
Eating cereal and tost
Instead of taking pictures today, I am watching Yul Brynner in The Return of the Seven. I just love the
": "There are two men inside the artist, the poet and the craftsman. One is born a poet. One becomes a craftsman." Emile Zola"
Love seem to have readers in Turkey, Sweden and.....Gibraltar?
I really dont like this at all.
Congrats to the Cheese heads!
In the course of 53 years of living, I have endured being violently abused, ridiculed, cursed, threatened with violence and death...
ill :( follow me pls and i will be healthy soon i Hope :)
"Immortals" now playing Tues-Thurs at 6:30. If it helps, tickets are only $1!
Visionary? bit of a stretch there, Jeff. But thanks.
you'll be in my heart too <3
SMASH! Yes! IVY GO DOWN!!!!! She kills me.
I <3 working Saturdays....
Pirate's catcher doesn't seem to have much of an arm...
Looking forward to working with and RIchard Kind tomorrow on NIck's new comedy show.
Tomorrow is payday! Hell yea
Oh wow. That was totes the best week for everyone. Love motown & what it brings to the dance floor.
I heard it's so other station's bugs don't cover ours when they show the video.
All this chain smoking is great for my lungs...
hence what they end up producing can't achieve any #timeless quality
running on four hours of sleep in the last 24 hours.
Its February celebrate BLACK HISTORY MONTH!
I hope you will be able to... i'd love to meet you face to face. :)
Post Jimmy Kimmel Live! show Big Freedia at Bootleg Bar next Thursday! 9 pm! Come through LA peoples!
- At a conference now with folks asking this very question all over the country...
An anti-abortion group from St. Thomas Aquinas is now lobbying to be included in the 2012 Hampdenfest.
"To create more positive results in your life, replace "if only" with "next time".
Whew, the intern is gone for the day. Now I can start swearing again; ie, be myself.
nope Wat u like drinking
Court tomorrow.. /:
Here are you
construction began on a 49-unit development in the BX, the first time in years that public housing has been built on private NYC land
Riding the super shuttle comforts me to know that the pcusa isn't the only org that has some issues
I'm headed to the Bay Area next week & would love to meet w/reviewers & librarians interested sit-up-and-take-notice debut fiction. Msg me!
George Carlin~ Weather forecast for tonight dark.
you are famous
pandora always knows what you want to listen to.
Omg! I'm listening I some crazy guy Interview some dumb bitch about some production company Bahaha sounds like a load of bs to me...
RT : IJM's budget could operate 65 clinics like !
Nah, I don't like to go on alott.. && I don't got a phooneeee.
#10FactsAboutMe I'm trained in 5 different forms of martial arts.
Yes we are open on Mondays for all your hair care needs....
remind me
your phone just went out on nbatv
I'm really happy with it. Pretty simple & intuitive. Just that most of my clients use Windows so needed something for them.
aw tits you caught me. .____.
who saw on Ellen today?!?
That's great. Good luck to them!
What current members of this Pistons team would you keep long term? Shep's talking Hoops, 248.848.1130 - Chime In!
You know how important the addition of fresh fruits & veges are to your overall health & well-being! Expend energy & move move move!
Thanks for the shout out, Isaac! "Magically awesome" is an apt description. :)
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Hi to our new followers, , and Thanks for tagging along!
RT : know I'm watching 2 much when i'm stuck behind a Prius & it's ALL I CAN DO not to bump it off the track.I mean road.
A man running from his problems is a race he'll never win. So, Man Up-- no one is coming to save you! It's ok 2 Ask 4/Seek help.
well other 25 $2 bills my parents found
- the world no matter how much progress we have made or make is full of scary stupidity. Shame...
Oh oh, trust issues.
assembly hall downtown! I forget where exactly. It's on April 20th hehe
HIPHOP NEEDED THIS ALBUM! REALEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR? ID SAY! FUCK THAT, REALEST ALBUM IN A WHILE!
buzzed before noon! Well played!
Heat will own sports talk radio for the next 24 hours. If Pacers win, Coach Spolestra is going to make a fine asst. coach for someone.
Why not open it for student suggestions @ what to graph?
Thanks to for some inspiration this morning. What he is doing with Prime Prep Academy is amazing.
Woke up before my alarm. Feel like an old man
Holiday shopping :) merry christmas eve <3
Enjoying David Hoose's gorgeous orchestration of Liszt Via Crucis in rehearsal. Cantata Singers on Sunday afternoon in Jordan Hall...
#saa11 Session 503 Holly Mengel talks of centralized training for team project student processors
Rookie Of The Year and Backseat Goodbye at the American Legion on December 10th contact us for tickets.
emacs+pdb+virtualenv is evidently beyond the state-of-the-art
check me out tomorrow night at the fabulous
Planning a New Year's party? Please note that we will be closing at our regular time that night - 10pm.
shut up
I hope I don't cry this time 😣
Lets see do I have a Troll doll somewhere for Bingo tonite???
T minus three hours to RGIII! Not that I'm counting or anything...
For people who ordered tickets online, you will be on a list for the show. Pick up your ticket and package there.
What matters is taking that bold step.....the rest is secondary.
We got some hella dope stuff coming for all you peeps!!
#Harkness, A Discovery of Witches. I was expecting Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norell and got Twilight, except with rare books. & a cliffhanger.
Tweeting during it will totally help!
Reaction should be Mazeltuf
hey cutie
RT USGS just reported a 6.0-magnitude earthquake off the Oregon coast (about 159 miles west of Coos Bay). No tsunami expected.
Late night at the gym
Out of curiosity, is the preview the same whether you are signed in to a Google account vs. not signed in?
Awesome! Bottleneck, by any chance? Regardless, I'll be there!
one love my nigg
I rarely watch golf. However, when mom is here we do. Tiger just left course.
Congrats to Greg D. from Chicago, IL in winning the VIP Upgrade sweepstakes! Thank you to all who entered!
So when we tweeted to add to the line up, it didn't change anything? Should we do it again?
nothing doing her usual
me too. in section 437.. I fell down over the seats from row 21 to row 19. My tears weren't from pain.
no I was just rt some of ur post I like there not about anyone lol
Math Class Is So #BORING!!! My Friends Are On A Field Trip Im With 1 Girl && Others Are Boys... :>l
Just beautiful! "You have a really sweet voice"
NW Book Club tomorrow @ 2:00 - We're doing Caleb’s Crossing by Geraldine Brooks. Next month: Dreams of Joy by Linda See. See you there!
I haven't talked to in awhilee. /:
sitting at aunt barbies with kane...bored. well please follow me and i'll return the favor.
RT : I totally finished the #24hr #Zine Challenge, but I am still at the to staff while these other dudes...
Listening to Iron and Wine... getting ready for the artist salon tonight.
Hey!! All New Live "SINGLE CHEF" show. Monday night at 6pm Pacific Time. www.theroomlive.com I'll be whipping up Chicken Teriyaki!
Calling all parents: today I had to buy a "cup" so my 5yr old can play T-ball. Seems young. Anyone else doing this?
“: *Beefs It Up*” Can I get some gravy with that beef?
Babel - great movie
Definately looking forward to good coverage of #MW2010 for us out-of-towners.
There's absolutely no reason for me to be up at this hour, but I've got a peppy mambo stuck in my head and can't go back to sleep.
#lindalavin is hilarious!
. seriously. it is bad ass.
FUUUCK. "Offer only available in-store". None of the close BB retail stores have it in stock. :/
Wondering what's really in the Senate Healthcare Bill. Senate leadership won't reveal details. They're hiding what?
I hear the faint sound of cha-ching n the background when I read this
#SafeSexWensday WITH MIKEY
#fridayreads Bobby vs. Girls by Lisa Yee. I met her yesterday at a conference. Awesome person and amazing writer.
Good Morning. Everybody! Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
Loving life to the fullest :)))
has given me the greatest exit line ever! "Bye bitches!" Luv it!
Getting into the holiday spirit here! Yummy new flavors coming soon-:)
This cat farts too much!
Fuck It, To Sleep I Go.
Mister got bread like quiznos
HAPPY HOLIDAYS. Gift of Health. FREE Medsonix Treatment. Until Jan 1, 2010. Friends join FaceBook or Twitter. Treats PAIN, MS, RA Migraines.
Females these days. Is it low self esteem ? lmao.
Heading out for Cinco de Drinko? Do us all a favor and book your ride home now!
Use twtvite to host tweet up.
Heading to Woodstock on Tuesday and then Chicago after Xmas. Soon! When are you visiting ;)
exactly! except now it is "research."
My only real complaint about Cap is that there really should have been two Cap movies set in WW2 before Avengers came out.
ok, well keep me posted :o)
with every intention on working on US for the rest of his life
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! "Today you are you, that's truer than true. There's no one alive that's youer than you"
Old glasses clinking and a new order’s blinking. And I, I should be floating but I’m weighted by thinking.
insulted me..Damn u and ur clever mindgames!
Good morning!! ^AP
just got some new furniture. took a while to set up.
Right back atcha!
Busted hand before break when supershort, aak5sscc jammed after i 3bet button open, q high dd flop, he had qqj7dddh - in for a re-entry
no it's fine, haha. my mom's like, "why would you like them, it's not like you're gonna end up with them." it's asdfghjkl.
PS I get to see you so soon!!!
I got codeine in my cup you can bet your ass I'm sippin'
um, the non-diabetes side.
Well known fact!
Good question!
This isn't the day I angsted over a paper and dealt w/ undergrad brattiness. This is the day and I took a pic with Julie D'Acci.
Why do they sell Pringles at Best Buy? Or is the real question why am I eating them for breakfast right now?
I will forward this to our executive director and we will be in touch! Thanks!!!
I JUST TWEETED...TO SAY..I LOVE U...(IN MY STEVIE WONDERFUL VOICE) ..and I mean it from the bottom of my heart!
leave them alone
"Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America." GWB
RT : HAPPY CHARTER DAY TO THE BRUHS AT
you're rude, i was asking you nicely, what's with the hate?
lol okay. Okay then, I see....
let's see female and shopping what a surprise lol
RT : spending 10% of marketing dollars on digital to engage/grow audience, build social audience, test/learn
...right umm thanks?
Kristen Stewart is a very awkward public speaker
What would happen if pigs went on strike? They'd form pigget lines.
I am literally waiting for the phone to ring. Such is the life of a PRgirl.
I want everyone to come amd support my team tomarrow.At Mason high school @ 5 pm on friday :)
cross pollination has begun! thank you social media networks of networking!
is super busy but surviving. thankful to have work and more lined up in the wings.
Is anyone out there?
Vegan? Vegetarian? There are plenty of options for you
I need to start using Facetime again 😒
Boy, what a really close 1A game huh???
Be proud. Represent.
The rain in Spain
but you love me ;)
oh, I'm not complaining
I need to know who this pick is. Come on already!!!
Sure it's not Paps & Blanton? MT : Looking forward 2 my 1st "How about they trade Youk & get Papelbon back?" email. Matter of time.
Not knowing any culture, politics, history or anything else that occured more than 5 years ago...
Oh coffee, you smell so good right now.
Watching the proceeds of the Greek austerity plan...so much violence
Yess!! I will be on Monday though! Can't wait to get the party started!!! #Vegas!!
ah... such a beautiful, rainy day :)
ineed a new twifey ! my old jawn dissed me. sup w. it ?
I wish I could attend! Will you eventually have this available on iTunes or your website?
hey nicky i seen you on tv and i like what u do. i was wondering if u teach tattooing i tattoo and want to learn more
I wonder if Kobe will "lose on purpose" tonight.
one does not simply "K" me.
Harper's A team in Syracuse is near the bottom of attendance rankings for Int'l League this season also.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
Can only wonder what "Hayekians" dally with...
FOOTBALL IS BACK!!
Tough call. I'd take Lasorda though in a close one
thank you So much for the donation! You're awesome!!
69 now. How do we get more???
We've got joining live this morning from the U.S. Bank Center, leading the Fight For Air Climb!
RT Did you watch yet? What did you think?
Lacking Nick Collins evident, but Morgan Burnett - 2 picks - knows where to be.
Only about $55,000 worth of member items are Assembly Dems. Or a total of 13 items
Kinda? Did Cuddles Do Something Bad? :P
so much Klout fool
Wait. Strike That. Set my alarm for 1:30 a.m. - Gotta watch Dre's comeback with Snoop @ Coachella. lol. Damn This East Coast Time Zone!
Hey your hot i know what for cuz u got those crazy little curlsEveryone else in the world everyone else but you! Harry you light up my world
I hate it when people use other peoples phones to tell me to fuck off...
never had a headache this bad in my life #inpain <<<
hey guys, start your games on saturday at a time you can broadcast them on tv or tell fox to shut up
Beyond excited to join the latest sexperts at #IASHS in #SF!
Chicken souffle empanada sounds real good right about now.
Touring WashIngton D.C. All day...2morow Home bound :-(
Umm… Jonathan Cude from McKinney… not so nice…
I taste pain and regret in your sweat
Good morning folks love u all and have a great day
only 28 days until graduation!!!
yay! Glad you made contact. See ya soon.
There's this female at my school lounge drinking Coke Zero cause she doesn't wanna get fat...
Roger Sterling on LSD. Best storyline ever.
omg wish we could!
So hot! Shake it baby!
haha that I would DEFINITELY believe
i say that..
I love my curly hair, sometimes..
and can help!
Thanks for the retweet.
"Bieber vs One Directon vs The Wanted"? okay, that's so fucking stupid. 1. Justin is a SOLO artist, the other 2 are bands.& I love 1D & JB(:
Can't believe I have that freakin fake baby again tomorrow. Fuck.
Merry Xmas to al me peeps and team
Micheal woods tonight ! Time to rage
Auditions, stuff on the list, Belated birthday lunch, meeting for our startup company, work out and back to the list. That's a plan.
Goin to get my herr did
At LAX...not a good time.
find me! So far so great!
Smart Pipe RT how the heck r you guys going to implement viewability for RTB
I now understand the pain when they discontinue your favorite lipstick :(
I just finished a 12.0 mi run with a pace of 8'45"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
It is very frustrating. I thought about trying it as well, but thought better not. BTW, you need many keywords for ur game
... the thing about Evangelical Christian voters is, they think God and the church can fix the economy. But, the gov must stop gay marriage.
I woke up today with an uncontrollable desire to break into the shoehorn industry. Really stuck on first step to take.
Let's do it all over again tonight. Ya know.
Questions annoy me.
I'm sure that you will find some to be alone with...
MT : Congrats to fellow #Vegas scribe on fellowship. Should make a social media whiz even more of a pro
Ok so I'm drinking and your not here! ! Hurry, Boots And Bikinis starts at 11! Come drink with me -
Yeah. Pretty much. I don't think caffeine goes bad.
Getting sleepy EARLY :(
I don't like Floyd, but I LOVED him repeatedly telling Cotto "You're fucking with the best" while staring down each other
My dad is gonna piss me off. Told my brother he needs to call my mom n say happy mothers day but i know my dad didnt. N didnt wish me hbd
you made it sound like you were a VIP for #wantful. haha #santa is not real, cool items on your list though...stay
New York bright lights big city gone to my baby;s head.......my baby "H" sweet of sweets love to lap him so sexy
The video for Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism is finished.
TONIGHT Morena Maulers, Timmy Nostalgic and the Waybacks, Seminal Pink Sex Panther $15
He fouled from behind but Ima hit them weights this summer
yeah I'm pretty sure....there were so many performers yesterday I can't remember names
Hungry & need coffee :/
my teenage cousin found and downloaded our music for free off his cell / made me feel old
and get ready for some crazy Nacogdoches hotness! And I'm not just talkin about the weather ;)
Soups of the day: Chicken pastina, tortillini brodo, Greek lemon chicken , split pea , chicken gumbo , ravoli florentine !!!!
Appreciate it!
it's hard dealing with all of that uncertainty on top of the suffering.
I want a boyfriend to cuddle with that will take me out and get along with my friends that I can have fun with, were are the cute ones at
“: I HAD DREAM I MET BLANCA AND MOS WANTED LMAO. ” and it shall happen bby
I'd like to apologize to M. Night Shyamalan for my previous comments about "The Last Airbender." It was only sort of unwatchable.
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 2- at those challenges and view them either as obstacles or as opportunities. I've chosen to view every challenge
Nope, I don't buy it. There is only one "f" in Follow...so why do they use two? Sorry...I can't accept this! :-)
saw u at the knick game tonight u looked gorguess as hell as always luv ya! Maybe one day u can't take me with u!?
The Big Duck Fan has 40 racks of ribs ready...
Who's from the bay area? :)
There are 24 usable hours in a day and I am making use of my Monday for sure!
Wooohooo in dallas watching the super bowl ......wheres the after parties at???!!!!
Just got checked in at the hospital for baby numero 3!!!
i said dont answer that question! and how do you know theyre flirting?
wel text me i sent u my number in DM
