Please check out the site... only a few days left for the fans to surprise the Saints! www.worldchampionfans.com
My new twitter name is punny
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " NOW!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didn't know what the hell was up with all the hash-tags!
10 episodes...but who is the 10th "main" character? Picture only shows 9 characters! Maybe Oscar?
going to bed now. hopefully some, if not all, of my weekend plans work out. movies and dinner with raven on saturday? fingers crossed
Just got started at #tocchicago listening to digital transitions from print
Let's start a countdown! #8monthstillVegas What are you planning to do while you're here?
Good thing the Blazers have Sean Marks. Right?
My wife goes more googoo gaga over him than any of the players. Me too actually.
Seems like I have done more Chinese weibo than tweets in maybe the past year.
S/o to the dumb fuk i so stupidly marriednfor ruining my godam day >:(
#ONRAYJ'SIPOD momma said knock u out
:D high five ! Arent ya doin' the uniforms one ?(:
I'm serious lmao
I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze magazine!
#Lifesstuff progress is needed everyday
RT! The winds of grace are blowing all the time. All we need to do is raise our sails. - Rama Krishna
cashier say to bagger girl at super market " you hear alice got busted for hippie lettece". bagger girl "what?". cashier "marijuana". me lol
Congratulations! Saw the Grub Street article. :)
I'm about as athletic as a sloth.
Great company!
Two new paintings and a set of 3 adorable penguin cards! Don't miss! www.shadowglacier.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING
Ah, nevermind, actually.
anyone have a skype??? <3 ill add you to my contacts (:
Spittin fire like Bowser.I'm the shxt with no trousers
Just got a little too comfortable in my bed.
But as #kharma would have it, tripled my cash baby. That's twice in 2 weeks.
I tweeted some of the articles from e!online.
Everyone, come see me, Jeff Lockerman, and Nick Donley tonight at Hotel Indigo - Union St, Nashville @ 7!
Every time I start to feel sorry for Betty, she does/says something that completely ruins it & I go back to hating her.
And his team
Yikes! Hope they were delish! Looks like there is quite a variety of fried fair fare!
Josh Hamilton just single handedly molested the Orioles..
OKC! #Thunder Man, they've got a good looking team!
Whoa! Word on the street is has switched it up and gone Android on us!
I haven't gotten mine yet :-(
"good thing we're playing herron... because if they're shirtless, i may be a little distracted..."
NBA finals kick off tonight hm can you say Dirk??
Awesome turn out at last nights Food Truck Gathering ! Thanks to every one who attended ! Lots of happy people !
that's a good idea!
There is a great company that I am going to join this week. I am not going to put a link to it until I have joined, so stand by.
What have you done to make yourself better today?
ha, no.just general statement.
You ain't slick.
i'm not sure what's worse: waiting on a recompile or waiting on git commands to run on a shared webhosting account
how was work?
Just watch out for Lenny and Squiggy. You never know what those 2 are up to! Hope you are able to get back to your journey soon.
me either. It sucks.
TenJune open bar 10p to 11p Mention the Neesa Models Guest List. You can thank us later.
I really want some chicken
Dagga Dagga strikes back! Set starts at 10pm. Come thru for the jamboree upstairs.
#comcast is so slow on Friday evenings. And here I am trying to download the #diablo3 client.
What's up w/ the hat Kelly? Ur face is 2 pretty!
:o that was my favorite xD ugh im gone :/
I'm not exactly sure how many times a day I talk about Ari, but I'm pretty sure my friends&fam are tired of it by now
JERRY IS AMAZING IN BED <3 Mahomies and Beliebers go follow
#VASHRM12 is getting underway with opening by the Conference Queen, Pam Thornton.
I received my advance reader's copy of PEOPLE WHO EAT DARKNESS. Thanks to & !
God morning !
Somehow i think time 24 is "the charm". I raise blinds. They fall. I scream, "i hate you!". ::i turn the little stick and open them:: ok...
I still miss computer voice sidekick
People don't see how urgent the time is! I'm at a red light in GT2 Porsche ready to pop the clutch! LET'S GO!!!
Thanks for the reference Rob! Also, looking forward to seeing you in Vegas for MicroConf.
follow..ill follow backk :D
Chancellor: You have no function, Mr. Wordsworth, you're an anachronism, like a ghost from another time.
I'm saying that to #KSAT since there are other channels that have church services on TV (may not be local but still)
Never invest money in anything that eats or needs repairing. ~ Billy Rose
if you had to pay a debt and the price was your right pinky or your left arm which would you give up?
Thanks! Putting in a proposal with for a summer reading preso in November.
Alexis loves my sad face ! Lol little weirdo! :)
You're in my thoughts big guy. RT : Today's the day! Time to move forward and get healthy.
Downs& updates! I got an interview. Pulled the trigger on a job possibility near my gf, same city. But it is a restaurant gig. Stoked!
hahaha I thought about that today after I saw a picture from last night!
Still getting my main logo redone or tweaked... it's just not right yet
Ah. I'm bored and no one I want to talk to is up. :( Someone hit me up :)
#Denver #enlightening #event is coming up in June! Join us in #sacred #geometry for the #Blessing of #Wholeness from the #Angels to pass on!
we looked good
Emma stone is hilarious. I want to do a creepy YouTube video professing my love to her
One day I will own a Toyota Tacoma Sport X-Runner V6 ...
Lol Glad I could help :)!
Marriage proposals at sporting events=NOT cool
since i am not doing anything ima go dance on kinest & lose weight
oh my goodness. I can't believe anyone can be so idiotic to say such things... I almost can't believe anyone believes that.
i know! talk about idiocy. ugh i hate politicians. well just the dumb ones
this is the main reason i TRY to stay to myself.!
May the Wondrous Spirit of Christmas Fill Your Heart Today and Always.
I like the sprint.com #redesign. That website has always had problems, and still does, but the use of #jQuery + #Flash is outstanding.
Can we make Jake a twitter? Cc
that's crazy too. I never thought about that one. But I don't see how they can keep him off the Olympic team. Need a big man
i'm about to eat my cookie dough ice cream..yum
Thx for the follow! Your work and support of research in youth sports head injuries is invaluable - thank you for all you do!
: One way ticket from Chicago to Milwaukee? $23. Waiting 2 hours on the train for it to leave the station? Priceless.
Whoa - some major changes afoot. You moving for good?
u bought alot of gifts?
What the fuck is a "happy camper"????
Can London redefine European Tech? Find out at Tech Entrepreneurs Week.
check out for details on Social Media week! xo
On the sidewalk by the bustop outside the FAC? I KNOW!!!
#siba12 & The Project are going to be fun! And for #StephenKing try audio. The Breathing Method was under 3 hrs & CREEPY
the US rental market's vacancy rate is at its lowest level since the 4Q01 and is below 5% for the 3rd time in the more than 31 years
remembering when Apple was in the teens :-(
RT RT : The acoustics & acapellas in some of the songs is just amazing
HONEY SEARCH at the Hustler Club!Ladies,you've got a body and we want to see it!You could WIN BIG!Come get $1 Miller Light all night!
Gotta interview tomorrow at 2pm wish me luck :]
Aye we doing good Lakers ! c:
This weekend I'm actually doing something, and that's rare.
Words to Obama by President of Barnard: "You've made certain that those serving our country have freedom both to ask & to tell"
I Have A Feeling I Did Something Wrong Whyy. :/
US govt has 1100 data centers... 24000 websites... Little integration.
#TwSIG the impact factor isn't necessarily measured well because of the formulas don't fit the social reality of famous people.
UGA Special teams need to be more special. Please.
Thanks for being awesome :) Keep listening to :)
Never heard of it to be honest? Is it just board games? I happen to be undefeated at Chutes and Ladders.
"Alfred make me breakfast" is what I'd say if I had a Butler even if that wasn't his name
you have to my love
she said there is plenty room lol. and i think we r going to kohls after we get you :)
Sorry to say I still snap spaghetti in 2 b4 putting in pan- it was like I'd crashed his new Ducati into the Trevi fountain when he saw it!
Well, you'd still have a referrer. Or, REFERER.
I'm crying right now. You don't know how proud I an of Justin.
Ha! Love it!
I like the way you kiss me when we're playing the kissing game.
I'm sorry,I just can't do it. Glee is so annoying. -_- I tried.
hear ya been grinding on lock poker. Got that training I told u about from and its been great #USA>canada ;)
Does anyone know of anywhere in Broad Ripple that rents bicycles? #indy #help =)
We'll casually bring it up next time we see him.
For once Grey Team won! Oh yeah!
Omg! I love it already. We have Marlene's natural Market down here. I go there a lot.
Kristen Hawkins HBP for the 13th time, sets a new single season record.
Everybdy Go Follow Now She Is
burned 149 calories doing 10 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
All these young ball players losing their hair.
The Milwaukee Brewers
Whenever i put my hand under the bed to look for something, I'm scared another hand will grab me. :o
since when were you taught grammer
RT : Good point. Isn't plot about aligning characters' story against history...?
Got a nice spam message just now. Said almost nothing except 'Don’t forget who you are & what you’re made of.' Thanks, Spammy.
New York here we come baby!!!
Damn I forgot to charge my Ipod smh..
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend + more!
Join me in taking the #S.T.F.W. Challenge:When presented with info that could possibly be distracting,ask point blank "So The F*** What?"
YES! a couple of kids cited for being in a bar underage. Not even cited for drinking. Way overblown!
erm what did you get into. . captains with me
facebook i hatchoo i really really hatchoo.
Well this is a surprise! Stephen Fry now on stage at #windowsphone London event.
thinkgeek They're not too geeky: July 30 is International Dance Day, & August 5 is International Beer Day. Said the slayer, "Beer foamy."
Is a half a tub of hummus and pita chips an acceptable lunch? How about if I pull the pregnancy card?
Sounds perfect!
The Walter P. Reuther Library of Labor and Urban Affairs has established the #Reutherlib with get one too.
she was about to get I'm a car
You will probably have to email me and explain the point of this. Use small words. And pictures.
yeah, we take out if town guests there. Glad we have great local eateries like that.
T.V. All-Star Game: after 8 innings, Team Warlocks:450 Team Trolls:-700
If You Text Me When You're Bored , I'll Respond When I'm Bored . Lol
#ICantStandPeople that cause drama for no reason
"What audience are we catering to?" said "The universe"
WELL SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE. BEING THAT I GO TO THE GYM ON THE DAILY AND WORK TONS IM NOT AS FLEXIBLE BUT SINCE ITS U...
just earned a #followback lol that and your kinda sexy lol
Updating my first novel "Better Days" manuscript. My Editor's absolute deadline of Mid August before her maturnity leave.
Anytime for my dearest friends!!! :)
lets get it in tonite!!!! slay the hawks!
How am i spendingg my Saturday? Watchingg ALL of 's youtube videos And recordingg themm hehee (:
When I grow up,I want to be a nun
Just thinking how cool it was flyin first class to Europe!That was cool!
Huge thanks to Steve Panos at for all the help and hospitality this afternoon. What a guy!
RT : "Advertising is the tax you pay for being unremarkable." - Robert Stephens of Geek Squad
well, yea but your different now.
is there tech support for ESPN Fantasy Football? Friend cant log in to his team all of a sudden and I cant delete the team
A New "Law" for the Mobile Computing Era
We've got a few new things today at the downtown hillsboro farmers market.
Time for a 30 minute power nap. I am so tired.
Hi all -- Chris Beer, web developer at WGBH;
That wraps up my #FF Follow Friday recommendations...sharing more folks to check out next week!
she had a FEAR OF TRAINS
#1 no coat
Vanderbilt&#39;s starting pitchers starting to find their groove after rough start
I need a buddy in my english class...hm
puppy-sitting an adorable little beagle for the week 🐶
Manic Panic!!!!!
I like ur song "I'll be waiting"
Yep Lol! :D
Hey Service Industry! Excellent S.I.N. night tonight! Come join us! DJ’s and half off top shelf!
So the girl who plays Marnie on ... Her dad is the the "How to Catch A Predator" host!
thanks sam i am! Miss you!!
no complaints..everything is in place :)~
But did he ever write OMG or LOL? RT : Shakespeare's birthday. He popularized early 14-line variety of tweets called sonnets.
if I get a babysitter
m I want you!
at the breweries it is anyway. by that logic the fall brews will be out shortly after july 4.
They do, but they're certainly not easy to find. We have a few good ones here in Pittsburgh. Does Yelp have a category for this?
Rest in Peace Steve.
started listening to them
I made a whole bunch of new girl friends (; I <3 them! No drama & they keep their shit real!
Dear people please come out tonight to martyrs at midnight to se "The Last Dark Show" it's gonna be awesome!!!
Where is this one?
If businesses had more tacticians and fewer big picture leaders they achieve small victories that make up day to day warefare of commerce.
Yoir not so perfect ypur self
tonight. Beautiful lights and nice ice rink. No ice skaters.
Cheese & rice, Kaner... Can't you just binge drink like a normal 23 yr old with tons of $?! I really hope some of those stories aren't true.
"Use the tool don't be the tool".
New warning label: Quitting cigarettes significantly increases the amount of money you will have for pot
lol that was funny tho. i'll give u that
If you guys had comprehensive docs and guide or a chat room where people answered questions I'd love to use it.
Dads don't give up on protecting your kids from an abusive bio-mom. Explore all legal avenues to care for your kids.
Cavs Are balling hard tonight! Keep it up!
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
yep for my new church. but not as much as i used to.
It's March, #Spring is coming GE8T time for a homemade hand #spa treatment mix olive oil & sugar, rub on hands, gently rinse, moisturize
And it was Ingrid Vidal who put the game in OT for Kansas w/ 3 seconds left, but she was then stoned by A&M keeper Jordan Day in the PKs.
Another appropriations request and approval for recreational sports. Looks like Colorado Springs can "Live it Up"!
When you're interested in something you do it when circumstance permit. When you're committed you accept no excuses only results. - Unknown
Cherish the dat
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize Black Gotti and THE GOD
This last three days I sculpted a little over 60 works. As I hear a gasp from the others, don't worry they where mini sculptures.
Taking shots with Ms.Hewins and Sam in her office ;)
The right guy will tell you you're BEAUTIFUL even when you truly look a mess and will find your WEIRD habits absolutely adorable
250 TEDx organizers from 41 different countries in our audience today! Can't wait to share the #tedxkids story with them!
Hahah. "Normal people." ; )
Face your issues instead of avoiding them, situations & LIFE will be much easier
RT : The One by Foo Fighters
happy birthday! 👍
Way to go El Paso! whose Austin to decide what's in our best interest? Austin continues to tell us we can't serve beer there?
I have to cope on mcdonalds and subway
": Her bollo looks like a pound of uncooked bacon #SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
going out tonight...what's new
Coffee, bacon, copper. In that order.
Good to see you this weekend! As always the best hour and a half we spend at the show!
Just gave the last lecture of the semester. Professor Myers OUT.
Me and are gonna start working out every morning starting today so we can look hot and everyone can be jealous!
Thank you :)
I Swear I Just Forget I Even Have Twitter Sometimes Lool
you've been my FF kicker for 5 years; in that time: 2 reg season champs, 2 post season champs... Coincidence? I think not!
ok sure
Don't wait till the last min, call now to book a table @ #NOTTE (414) 517-0024
This thousand frame crane stereo VFX shot just made fun of my backpack & took my lunch money. I'll be speaking to the principal about this.
Gucci needs to come out with a more affordable line....their color spectrum this season is so vibrant & incredibly eye catching. Love.
I'm content right now, there's a nice breeze coming through my room and I'm listening to brand new. Not happy, just content.
2 more days until REVO San Diego folks!!
how and the fuck did you find me lol
#vaumc11 Bishop Whitaker laying down the law! Telling the truth in love!
And we're excited to have you. Let us know if you need any Baltimore food/booze recommendations.
Waiting for MACKEENZIIEE to text me back
“: what's with the Jemima-like commercials for Glory Foods? #PopSouth asks.”--I ask as well. Who's the audience?
I'm sorry I'm such a lost puppy :(
I just finished watching the 1st season of #AmericanHorrorStory! LooooVVEEEE it, especially #JessicaLange! BRAVO!
Mitch you are HILARIOUS! :-P
RT : The Mets have the best winning percentage (32-18, .640) on Opening Day in MLB history.
Just want someone to treat me the way I deserve to love me and be there for me whenever I need them and not lie
My stomach doesn't have a finish line.
Same! I don't eat much during the day but when it's get late I'm just like "FOOD" .-.
birthdays are always the best. especially when you're turning 16
CLOCKWORK TAKEOVER of Tonight!! With
Loving spending time with my husband Todd. We have a wonderful time of TV and just talking with each other. So nice!
RT : RT : T3: All gain from social media engagement on health matters. Better informed patients, physicians...
Damn Jordan Hill caught a case, just when he was starting to hoop
Poolside Drinking. Margarita Rounds.
Chips and Guac are definitely the most addicting thing ever
you made it to 20k!!! Yay!!! Please follow me!!!<333
hmm. i may just have to keep you in the kitchen.
I hate when people make it hard to keep a convo going
What else could it be that makes us act out against evolution in such a strong way if there is no God or some kind of spiritual force?
hey girl text me I lost all my numbers. :(
ill do it tomorrow...
hey....hey...WHAT are u2 up 2...what u guys planning???
I find it hard to believe that anyone alive has crazier dreams then I. Last nights adventure had me in the middle of Wrath of the Titans
despite the obvious tension this whole sitting down business has really lightened up this
Not ready to give up on the #Browns, they are 3-3 in the most competitive division, improvement and effort is all we ask!
FYI friends in 7005, there is a forum to post in for tomorrow! It's a pretty simple assignment though =).
I'm not even looking for fresh kits; be happy with not horrific...
Anyone need an extra ticket to today's 3-6pm Smash Putt?
I recently saw a picture of Georgia O'Keeffe's vagina and I totally get it now.
Well look at the a Disney Cast Member..... and a hottie!!!! Lmao :-)
This nigga baked
Merry Christmas!
Woof sounds tough. I'm not saying it's impossible but it'd be rough for sure.
Having a GREAT week, so far! Hope you guys are too! :)
Ya just saw you on Touch! When you got beat up by Kiefer, did he smell good?
“: The Ohio Bobcats are headed to the Sweet 16 ... Enjoy, ”
#LOVE Distance means so little when someone means so much !
I was being snarky about something a former friend had posted, but it was just my PMS. LOL!!! Sorry you had to see it! :)
Thanks so much Katie!
Need Coffee! Need to rehearse! Love life and wife! Tunie you rock, my love!
South Park Street Pizza Hut serving campus great deals on great Pizza and Wings. twitter.com/ParkStPizzaHut
"When the lives and the rights of children are at stake, there must be no silent witnesses."~Carol Bellamy
I can't trust people that wear one sock inside out one sock right side in
Still waiting for the caffeine to wear off so I can sleep. I think I'm almost there~
Thanks for the
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
Seems there are no drawbacks...
the wings are the best!
how do we get to place some of our services or products with Groupon?
Bruce Mau: education is now old, slow, boring, expensive
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that it was ok to come out of the closet 2005-2006
#imagine You and Liam just got done kissing for hours, he grabs your face & says, "I don't ask for alot bc with you I have everything."
Day 2 complete! 2 more days of exams :P
Kligman’s Formula fades aging spots – it works! Call 412-681-6400 or email
RT I'd rather stay quiet than explain my problems to people who don't give a fck.
is off to bed knuckle-heads! ;-)
Goddamn. It's no secret but the new record is so fucking awesome
I don't just eat the #p**** I French kiss it, make love to it, cater to it...
Missing while he works and I get ready... but am excited bc I will be seeing him later today & tonight!!!
We be on that Chi-Co ( chi-rado) connect
Thank you both for the kind words. It is much appreciated.
Aye, thank ye sir!
We will have a couple of #NewEdition ticket giveaways coming up this month make sure you
Find a star we can call our own.. <3
good morning twitter friends. time to get it in!
Twitter seems unfollow people all by itself every now and then. I've followed again and maybe you will stay followed this time.
you haven't tweeted yet. Get on it girl!
#YouBelieveHavoc if you think Treyvon was a thug
+1 RT : I hope it'll be a Murray-Djokovic final then, that's another fascinating rivalry that needs more media love. :)
Started a hug wave at the bar
Innovations in fig newton consumption: Place whole cookie in mouth. Wait 10 minutes until cake dissolves. Spit out fruit.
what's "that"?
Walked into a subway to pee and found myself in the middle of a taping for the dr.oz show.
Thank you so much for having me on as guest host tonight! I had a blast, it was just what I needed after the day I had! XOXO
#livegive i love conairs products they work alot better then most
Ran into in DC. Said his name outloud-he turned and looked at me like, "huh?" Even discussed it here later.
I can come Sunday no doubt, and let me know man cause I really need these, it would be awesome
Do it for Bill Hall, Lyle Overbay, Geoff Jenkins, and Royce Clayton!!!!!
This is legit the 3rd time this year I have a friend in the hospital because of an eating disorder.
Hahah my mans in NJ too, BUT his name is Mikey!!
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU and Wednesday's Child tonight!
Is that a good oh my or a bad oh my?
I wonder when he started smoking weed , cause when I use to drink they thought I was the devil , & I was gone 🔥in hell ! Lol
Long time! No big!
Nice meeting and hanging out with you guys and last night at RENDEZVOUS!
Guess I won't be able to see him for months.... :'(
RT : Next week at NMTC Tech Thursday our guests include local App Development star Lisa Abeyta and Northern New Mexico......
But the smoke detector is how one tells when the food is done!
still funny. $1000 story that will last forever. Amortizing it, it's probably some of the best money I've ever spent.
#oomf's sister looks like a dude. Lmao
And I'm so bored with these games
Nice pics! My iPhone ones from the balcony were tiny + blurry. :(
np Rick Ross (Feat. Drake & French Montana) - Stay Schemin
#NP everything AALIYAH....such a loss..beautiful voice...
Joshua Ledet/Jessica Sanchez will be the final 2...they absolutely slay their performances tonight!
This is a great article!
It's a fashion Sunday funday today. #LAFW must be near!
a. playing. Habbo! : D
What is more surprising than Obama openly supporting same sex marriage is Romney assuming he can win while opposing it.
The Perfect Milk Machine: How Big Data Transformed the Dairy Industry
I heard alcohol warms you up too ;)
My punching hand itches.
They nabbed me for a fun filled day of Jury Duty
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Speak Now by :)
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases liberty. Please support!
Amazon fired all Colorado affiliates today for new tax law(HB 10-1193). No love for small biz owners from Jeff Bezos or Gov. Ritter. Boo!
THANK YOU for speaking at the Ladies Who Launch Event! Your stories were inspiring and insightful!
sweet! I'll send it to ya shortly. Thanks and I'll let u know when they get here!
What's up?
Lunch Special! Homemade Pulled Pork with Homemade Pickles and Homemade BBQ Sauce and a side of Fries. 7 bucks to fill your guts.
Why are we playing like this?
Mighty blueberry muffins, baked fresh! Come get the biggest muffin in Belltown, probably.
Homework outside !
Oooohhhh I hate those beeping thunder storm warnings. I think its raining perfectly fine. Just leave me to watch Castle.
Lmaoooo RT : blah too much work ill wait till mine breaks
OMG, ATL traffic
Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled "This could change your life." Helen Exley
The grasping one is you. But then, you probably think waterboarding isn't torture, either.
if you want to attract a shit ton of attention, I would suggest purchasing it. lol
yes! so exxitedd!! xo
You were made to be courageous.
okay ill send one right now
I need more sleep -.-
Running down to my room thinking someone is gonna rape me -.-
Relaxing Cotton& Italian Mandarin is 1 of new scents.The scent evokes a vision of
I don't understand the google this morning.
Something Sort Of Disrespectful This Way Comes
EL SHOW NUMERO 50 DE SALSA ES LO QUE HAY!!!! on SATURDAY, January 14, 2012 from 10PM - Midnight!
Thanks for the #FF <3! MT : Follow the givers :)
Eric and John are discussing the Tigers series loss to the Rangers right now. Are the Rangers the best in MLB right now? 248-848-1130.
for the past year and a half I saw he has been working so hard for us. He has gotten SO many more fans and everything. #AustinsGoingFar ♥
We've had over 700 visitors to the Embassy of #Kazakhstan so far!
Man, i just rubbed out a load looking at the pic of your chest! HEAVENS, you're gorgeous!
Amazing show at Long Wong's, thanks to all the bands for great sets and everyone for coming out on a Wed!
2nd this opinion! RT: “: Must be the effect RT : Dodgers off to 6-1 start Best since '81”
right ?!? We actually worked our asses off for this and we eventually got what we wanted but still.
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." - Martin Luther King Jr.
I'll throw some Okie State hitting at your boys.
Are you still dancing? ;-)
well I'm just gonna turn it in tomorrow then
what a, sad start to the, year for Brewers and Philly. Still only may, thank goodness
i agree
It'd be better if you were here! But thank you :)
The Original Kings Of Soul.... Coming Soon.
Amazing to see the last two years of personal learning sketched out in a diagram by a stranger, and watch other strangers nod.
Happy 27th Birthday!!! =D
Rolling through old school #VCR tapes.
That awkward moment when your parents take your joke completely seriously and you end up getting in trouble."
Boorman's 1981 *Excalibur* has not dated well. To put it mildly. But he'll always have *Deliverance.*
re: kinect and sex. like someone's sex? or the activity of sex? explain!
one more test for Agent G
Blazers looking good against the sixers
RT : Inspired by the story and birth of Portland's From Stash Tea, to Tazo Tea, and now Smith Tea...
thanks for fallowing! and 2 things, l LOVE your profile pic and i like your bio lol :)
I still get my milk delivered by horse
no problem(:
Thank you to our underwriters Brickell Irish Pub who are hosting their 3rd Annual St. Patrick's Day Street Festival today!
Kara is pregnant with my child, holllaaaaaa.
Spent $150 @ N 3rd between 3 people. Not sure how that's possible.
It's like #CarFax for gays but it's called Facebook!
he's not
Oh...it's all gone now! Too late!! LOL
Rasmussen is citing himself for that 68% rating their insurance good or excellent figure!
I feel like such a mom chauffeuring my brother back and forth to school, practices, and friends houses
I love taking pictures:)
So this is how college faculty act when they are at a concert. Show some respect assholes
: Thanks for the RT. If you'd be interested in a briefing on the company, let me know at: .
Your \o/ cupcake is awesome.
#4famouswords Love is a battlefield.
It just shows what a failure of girl.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "No, thanks I'm not hungry"... I am always hungry!!!
DJ Pauly D project tonight !!:D yeah buddy
Movie in a few with my boyfriend! #moviedates #loveit :)
*** IMPORTANT NOTE *** - I'm merely guessing about Padilla's oboe playing. But it seems right.
Rockin with the reverb artist , the best ARTIST'S in the world and most accurate chart in the world-- IS WHAT SOMEONE SPECIAL TOLD ME !
Excited for an adventurous weekend
...then I came up with another title that I LOVED but after some research realized it was already taken....
I got new hiking boots (; !!! Im so ready for next week !
I think its a great day to bake cookies and listen to old vinyl. but what kind and which LP?
If you've never tried to use "the force" to get a an out-of-reach remote control, you're probably not as lazy as me.
do you torrent? That's how Joe got his last week.
saw the show yesterday. My daughter and I loved it!
Last week for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies! Starting on #BlackFriday 11/25 we start Egg Nog and Chocolate Peppermint
"For God has appointed me another offspring in place of Abel, whom Cain killed."
Do Siamese twins have to be the same gender? #deepthought 👫👯
#Adele thanked radio programmers for crossing over her record. Enya's Orinoco Flow was like that as well.
Watching Pastor on , with bible open to Deuteronomy 1.."Something is about to happen!"
awesome.. thanks Sami
Going to bubs to watch the #NCAAfinals!!
#IPray That One Day I Will Be Able To Meet and .....One Day It Will Come True, Im Dreaming BIG!!!
Hate doing taxes, LOVE getting that return....new computer, here I come!!!
Follow me to check out my music
Thanks Just registered for April 6 event-great panel discussing how to integrate and leverage new channels to grow their...
Still not feeling that great
1 more work day till TORONTO BABY!
I'm not jealous at all. RT : Dang, lady-you timed your NZ trip just right.
u know chillin out this Mofo. Trying to update this CPU with all the new goodies
Thanks for sharing #FAAW link via
yes we can unlock it.
nah. It's fun.
any tickets for BC fans in Dallas for tomorrow's game?
nah yo, he has PLENTY of time to do that. Good old Boston vs LA rivalry one last time. U can't tell me that wouldnt be dope.
I'm biased - but is there anything cooler on my IPhone than my CDB ringtone? I think not!
Just bought the Obey and Supreme leopard print snapback C:
Happy Birthday to my big brother, William A. J. Ross! I love you!.
I just want a new iTouch. Not offense but after dealing with droid, I need to go back to iOS.
who doesn't love country music? I'm obsessed with it! Of course... I live in TN!! Hehe
Listening to green day all day long. Great throw back jams
um lets have sex
Dear John and The Voice :)
CVS Caremark Reports Record First Quarter Results
Prob the most bad ass thing I've read all day! Thanks! Come hang out while Drew works on my arms next week.
Do the "BFF"s consider Taiwan Jones in 3rd if avail? Unlike consensus, I'm not sold on Gore at this point. O speed welcome.
Writing all day! Now is time for Robin to paint! Love it!
"slow and steady wins the race." "...yeah, but then there's the one where they put him out that night [before the race]." -Prof. Jones
thanks for the plug!
RT : Happy to be part of any group trying to change America's attitudes towards schooling.
feeling better today. yay!
We are afraid to say that we don't live in paradise, but we are still searching. Lord, lead us closer to you and your vision of Paradise.
Ever see "The Night if the Hunter" with Robert Mitchum and Shelley Winters?
go to bed shweets!!
I got a job offer in NY but it's barely enough...I'd be living how I live now....
Finishing up discussion guide with a few interesting scenarios, sure to unlock insights that we're after
I'm using the hip term for hat (cap) because I'm drunk.
actually yes lol stayed in and watched movies
I know. And I want to stay at the hotel also. Hopefully soon!
Getting ready for the Hard Sleeper to Beijing tomorrow. 24 hours on a train. I am sure it will be an adventure. See you later Hong Kong
I was considering submitting a trip report to Backpacker, but I haven't done so before. Any advice?
not much.. you?
Thanks Susi - your pinterest posts have sparked my interest :)
That's great! Can't wait to meet her! :)
haha Jk I'm not THAT mean (:
Thank you very much. I am honored.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas... May peace & joy fill your hearts
You weren't eating chx b4?
thanks for the love...if you love your pet you want to follow this tweeter!
Thanks & have a good weekend Drew...
aw so happy that you can go all around :) cant wait til june 22<3
Therefore it shouldn’t really matter where you get your calories from
The innovative minds behind just launched "Wine Rack" a social game of wine discovery and learning. Who is in?!
Hi everyone! I remembered two weeks in a row..a new record for me hehehe
THANK YOU #FNCI First Nations Composers Initiative for sponsoring the 2nd #LASKINS #MUSIC FEST #JULY21ST at the #AUTRY #FREE TO THE PUBLIC
The #Yankees and #RedSox are both on pace to lose 162 games this season.
When you put shampoo or conditioner onto your scalp, the 20 blood vessels, 650 sweat glands, and 1,000 nerve endings soak in the toxins.
Make sure to check out one of Walker's Point's newest and tastiest bar/restaurants, ! They are at 704 S 2nd St
free fricken burritos! ya
What's going on with OKC & LA?
never my friend.
I'm sick again UGH MY LIFE.
Thank You Lia for My Random Wednesday Gift! You Rock! Merry Christmas to You and Your Family!
#raw10 U r Ghetto if the term gettin Wet doesnt mean by a water hose bt a cig dipped n PCP.
If you need a Taxi Call 1800TAXICAB ask for Driver 102 :-)
We can make your name say 'Niall's Ho-Ran' (; LOL, so funny<3
greenbelt in BJJ. thank you to .
Please follow >>>>
that good to know
Bummed I missed the opp to send my #Africa photos... Will have to be on the lookout for the next one. Also, beautiful shots!
dj moma going to rip it up again at citrine nyc tonight.
when i see people tweetin songs i be wantin to reply finishing the line
"You are allowed not to know stuff; you are not allowed to know you have a deficit and not do anything about it" on teaching
"Grace suspends all rules" - Bishop Noel Jones
This town shit is crazy. Oakland
Is there an actual book of "Awkward Moments"? seems like a #cool investment. Where can I pick up a copy? ~~~~rich
eeks i still have to read your thesis! totally bailed on my post plan. but you hated it too?
Happy Mothers Day! <3 #appreciation!
Stupid fruity polo on me, no wonder why yo hoes all on me!
who you like winning the finals this year? the heat look too good
RT : RT : For the record: Two Wisconsin Republicans lost their jobs tonight, zero Democrats lost theirs.
#ThankYouFromTexas You helped get me thru a rough year. Especially you Mr.
to start off the day 👍
I got you, I'll post up the link tomorrow so more people can see it!
Why does everyone always DM to give them a S/O what I'm I the fucking Twitter Rooster
Hate this job.
: lots of possible tasks that all count as "contributing" to #kohails. answer q, write docs, code, sponsor code,etc
Wall Street you are on the clock too.
lmfao. are other schools gon' be there?
“ One week from today is My Prom :)”
is sexy!!
2pac hologram is too cool
I could imagine a bit of lemon in a pale ale...
Its Good, Hows Yours? RT : hows summer break treating my young nigga
Yes I stayed up and had some champagne instead of being on time to the airport. But I'm in love with half of the
The curse of the seagreen uniforms wounds the deepest.
He is free and ok. For a minute there I experienced a fraction of what it must be like to have a loved one in jail and not be able to help t
“: With the Jets out of the running, who do you want to see on "Hard Knocks?"” #Lions or
and you grown u got my number don't put on a show for Twitter u hit me up any other time.
How many time can you use meow in a tweet?
RT : Sometimes you have to restart the conversation when everyone already loves you (the chocolate problem)
lmao jay jay i got a bottle of peach circo if u need it lbs#she furious
"The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands." -Robert M. Pirsig
hope you liked the mix? should be posting my wvau mix soon
"they didn't have the imperial stout, which is one of my favorite beers"
A Competitors View Santa Cruz Paddle Fest 2012 - kayaks 2 person
Laura Swenson~ For some life lasts a short while but the memories it holds last forever.
So people are so shady
"you're beautiful" song....ugh annoying fuckin voice...you dont know what to do? because you'll never be with me? Get over it LOL
Who the fuck is messing with my fucking account
"1984" is coming! It'll get here even faster if we let Romney take the White House!!
#idol - Joshua normally doesn't impress me but he did really good with Bruno's song.
I would take green over Perkins too
trying to learn to abide within my moralistic compass
- You are THE BEST!!!
#truestory it happens all the time... Sry boo... #truthhurts... Die kitten Die!?
Rolo's minis that you don't even have to unwrap?? It's OK diabeetus, I didn't need that foot anyway... I have two...
Like What.?
My #feministdream when women are able to define/decide for themselves what's important 2 them
I want some gypsy bread
In that case consider it popped! ;)
You know the West is deep when San Jose, Detroit, Vancouver, and Chicago are all down 3-1 in their first round series. Man.
RT When u work hard u don't need luck! Hard work + opportunity = success.
I guess there's no reason for me to marvel at all this Ron Paul schwag.
bitch you beter follow me hoe you wanna get slap
4 straight hours on ref desk...BRING IT!
Bring it!
Can't sleep. To nervous for tomorrow.
Red sweat shirt. Red sweat pants. Pink toe shoes.
You have to figure out the barriers and risks for your audience
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.'
Still time for Neal or Malkin to get us back into this. #LETSGOPENS One big save or one well placed shot and the #Pens are back alive.
That was a lie
yea sure am, gotta know everything about it.
lmao it was great, rose. And don't cry, ho, I'll try calling you this weekend! <3 and
Sittin' in computer class bored af'. Why am I paying for this class again?
“: Lol I don't have a choice!I'm stuck on the ceiling! Haha but not like I'm complaining ;)” c u 2nite!!
It sucks when your horney and can't do anything about it..
idc what you're tweeting about. Alex isn't cheating on me. Nuff said. :)
SO nice meeting U last night! Can't wait for our girls nite out w
Just spent the evening honoring Ang Lee at the DGA. There is still greatness in our midst!
hes gotta be a better historian than #romney says
After its big weekend in Vegas it can start about 45-60 minutes out of town and continue into the LA area
I was not prepared for bonus hockey so soon. I think I'm gonna change TVs. Really was hoping to be watching buccos by now up 1-0 in series
Here you are :P
“: did you get to hug Chris Young?” yes ma'am I did! Good seeing you tonight! (:
its your b-day today?? Happy day! I hope you have a great one :)
good luck :D and what song are you doing?
You're welcome, thanks for the follow-back
Just watched 'Limitless'. Thank you world for making a movie about
Baseball players>>> football players.
yes I love it! It's so clean and is one of the nicest fitness places I've seen. They even have a 30 min program :)
Hope is protecting the front of the house...Grace has the back. They are mini-aussies.
i have a lot of belly.
IMAGINE YOU WERE ME.....YOU WOULDNT LAST A DAY I GET HARRASSED ALL DAY.....DAMN I KNOW IM BEAUTIFUL
NO! We love you for your dedication to all the fans. :) <3
Hales corners blockbuster is closing.
#evenMVPsgetSTDs I'm in!
I don't know. This Tuesday doesn't seem all that super.
#faceit we all napped after school today
Blake Griffin just shoved Gasol in the back. That is a travesty.
Why do bad things happen to good people?:(
girl yes this is the longest game of phone tag in history. I'm about to say freeze!
Writing at Starbucks while waiting for my car at the shop. Im officially that douche trying to make it. ...Ef that, I'm going on facebook.
I wish you could write in English so we can all understand, LOL. Love ya. Wish we were still on the tour bus. I had a blast.
We all know has secret shirtless pics of that she's not sharing ;)
Lost my camera on #Southwest Airlines flight from ATX to Jax last wk. It has tons of baby pics on it! Praying someone honest turns it in.
“: Hey Ranger fans, ask the Flyers how important game one is.” cc:
Hobby-artsy-crafters, get your stuff in to the Jazz Gallery by Friday for jurying. 'Hobby Fun For Everyone!' premiers the 14th!
Like justin beiber?
The should at least have a viewing party in the atrium for Donald if he makes it to the finale of Dancing With The Stars.
If our tap handles got into a fight, who would win?
Really wish I had a coat today.
My mom's peach cobbler. Lord! You'd have slapped Mother Teresa for a 2nd helping.
he said he didn't have a phone or Facebook?
Hispanic unemployment is at 11.3%. We must use every tool to create GOOD jobs. #HHMChat #Latism via
Thank You Jerry Lewis
It's tine for a game of would you rather. Would you rather saw off your pinky finger, or chew on broken glass for 15 minutes?
Yeah that's logical reasoning. Cincy does run the ball like 35 times a game though
"Happy birthday Jill" who's Jill? #HappySweet16Austy should be trending
“from their frozen urns, mute springs Pour out the rivers gradual tide… wintry winds! my ear Has grown familiar with your song”Longfellow
"Oh I wanna dance with somebody. I wanna feel the heat with somebody. Yeah I wanna dance with somebody. With somebody who loves me."
Second that RT love reading the #hfchat such good advice from some awesome industries and people.
Then u would luv Blush Formals! :-) Hope u check us out for the best in fashion & shoes! Tks for the follow! Enjoy!!!
my girlfriend
big night...gotta come out of the woodwork
All my new followers.. Whats good? get at me bout whatever...yup.
I don't fuck with broke bitches nor niggas
The changes in the NY skyline have been astounding.
“Accept who you are; and revel in it.”― Mitch Albom.
fuck dat, u bet not miss another game
what u doing?
When you love a song, but then after hearing it on the radio 8765231264334345 times you're just like -______-
thanks for sharing that Budweiser ad. It still brings tears to my eyes.
shout out to my sister for getting the most expensive shit to eat
to everyone who wants to start rumors about me I stick my middle finger up to you!
Freezing our booties off on the patio. Gonna have to cut the night early. :/
Amen. Preach it, brotha! People need to spend some time on a trampoline or something. (:
My man just got one of his tracks featured on Chyeaaaa boiiii!
That would be to cute;)RT : She's gotta represent! I need to decide which jersey to get her ;o)
You're welcome and thanks!
Just downloaded Props on my Kindle Fire so I can watch be amazing a million times in a row.
Haha! Haven't checked emails yet. Too busy trying to pull out a #RespectTip instead ;)
Going to bed.
": Do not blare evanesance in caledonia #blarecountry"...hell to the yes!!!
yea and because I love it out there
yah I see u
If you want to burn fat, decrease belly fat,improve mood & tighten the body (it is the only way to do this)...WEIGHT TRAIN
WHAT? NO WAY sister! You are talking at TED! We're counting on you. no pressure...
Jordan Hill beating these niggas up like he did his wifey
These warm days tempt me...
Let's go ahead and stop freaking out about the small things.
yes. doing great today. thx
you know whats wierd your ex boyfriend cares about you again and wants to become friends again O.o im a lil freaked out!!!
“: I care too much about other people feelings”
Yeah but only for a few seconds. After she was done she was smiling.
Excited after a great weekend!!!
You're welcome, it was no problem!
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
yeah it's gonna be my new ringtone
what's NAPA think about A policy on public access--to journals, for example?
RANDOM STATIS UPDATE: Be weird, it smells funny! Have a weird day.
i get off at 4 bitch
me too haha
I hope you're feeling better :)
Just realized I've got to fit these barcode scanners in my suitcase too. So much for packing any clothes...
The way I miss Joey >>>
Actor thinks of causes. Director thinks of results. After take, after take... Value of the causes.
hahah:) can you Please get everyone but Nate to stop calling me that!!;p I only allow u two!!:p
#Lifeclasses. TD Jakes is awesome. Such wisdom. What a fabulous preacher
I saw a bit of news coverage on it because of Romney's presence there. How did you like what he had to say?
Check out 's "iPads in Education" site for some great iPad ideas and networking opportunities with other iPad educators!...
I'm wondering the same thing.
HAHAHAHAHH, with speedy.
Milwaukee's Best! Go Brew Crew #BeastMode #RattleTheSnakes #Polish for the win!
such a cute dog. What is his name?
Today's going to be an awesome day. Happy MLK Day, folks. Be of service today!
I taught Sasha that when I saw him at the Parma Giant Eagle a couple of years ago. Go #Cavs!
I've heard some really great things about the P90X Workout.....and I've heard it from women! Who else has tried it?
Great poets, all.
Happy UK kicking ass day everyone!
bottomline we admire those in celebrity status but we dont know what they go thru....inner demons just like everyone
Did anyone see Steph Curry's 360 spin lay-up?
bring some fun activities for booth 9 today. were going to need it
agree but increased efficiency of turbines, cheap Chinese product and financing will open new opps
When the babe due? Matter of fact when you get knocked up?
I am fully aware of some people that you don't like
oh kool..ima start writing the record...probably send you the hk and riff it up at that time.cuz I wanna spit to the riff to dig?
On at 9pm, what MA Republican Party has to say about Lt. Gov. crash findings. And we talk to a sleep expert about driving drowsy
Do you check out parlors beforehand to make sure they're clean?
nope you in town? and I are eating then heading to None though to catch up w some ppl meet us too?
hey, i left some crap on scott's desk, if you're still there, can you set it aside for me?
Thanks so much let me know if you need any info, are you coming to the show?
it should be a tough battle tonight. Go Spurs Go!!
word. Good times.
Watching Gods and Generals. Stephen Lang: two different characters, same story?
now you're on my level! Goml no more
Sunlight on chrome, the blur of the landscape, every nerve aware!
Well it's believable because you look like you'd be a male cat lady.
Thanks man!
#ObamaBookTitles: The Bible (As edited by a superior author, of course)
agreed. everyone on that list that i need to see i'll get to experience at ;)
I see you replied to everyone and their brother last night except me! You always choose to do it at 3 a.m. here -___-
Kinda cool to hear the diversity of ur audience with each topic.
hahahahaha alright my goal has been completed then ...... I still don't get this trippy word ! Use it in a sentence?
“ How many times has instincts let us down? Never to be thought through, never to be questioned.”
Don & Dawn. They're cops.
please notice me!!! I love you so much and I cant wait till your album! :) <3
I wish i was a good girlfriend.
new album #GoGetIt coming in May! RT : Its HOT!!! When does the album drop?
My coffee tastes like soap
PickUpLine: Hi. My name is Horny Bush. I'll be your play toy tonight.
you're SO CLOSE! Yay!!!
I decided I wasn't going to come down. I was going to fly. I was going to stay up in the air forever. Jesse Owens
ONE MILLION free sample including shipping of Manna360 to be unleashed in the next 90 days! Build a business on us! Call me 760-809-8575
Focusing on what I am thinking and feeling. Do I want these thoughts and feelings? Then I can change them.
Ryan says 80% of businesses in US file taxes as individuals. That can't be true right? Got any references to refute this?
Who here wants to come chill and listen/play music?
thanks puto! Love u so much.
Kiahnna is a bitch today
Thanks bro! Me too! Happy Easter!
anytime! we love your energy at the studio + boutique!
Or I'll get a two piece and biscuit from Popeyes, respectively.
O god I love my icon so much <3 :D
We would like to thank Mulhern-Advertising New Mexico for all of the advertising work she has done for us!
Mirrors don't lie. Lucky for you, they can't laugh either.”
Don't Ever Tell Me What To Do... When You Don't Do Sh*t!!!
I just needed time to do what i had to do
Yes! Laser Hair Removal for Men's Back of Neck is $39 a session. Call 818.507.0909 for details to schedule an appointment!
What self-respecting grown woman would ever be on a tv show that shows her being horrifically bullied by another grown woman?
obviously. who did you go with?
k I'm around most of tmw and Friday. Just let me know what you're up to :)
That phone call was just what I didn't want ! 😢💔😢
Oh, Vatican & Penn State, when will u learn that putting the welfare of an institution over the welfare of children only makes matters worse
I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAYY
FMI2012 Video: Interview With Fred Morganthall
your point????
Heading to Titletown! Merry Christmas and let's go Pack!
I see twitter more important I guess..still ain't get no txt
I am learning French. Is that true ''Je suis fan de Justin Bieber'' ???
Brons a punk too.
Foreverfly is so fly......How fly is it?????
Fresh Prince of Pel Air
I really dunno much but shit I know a secret.
So Happy My Philip Made It to the Final 2!! :):)
Thanks to the retweets
Time to #THUNDERUP !!!
Even a night out won't take my mind off him. *sighs*.
I got that shit bad its a habit
I've got 6 "pending" orders that have been that way for hours. Can't help but think I've lost orders due to today's problems.
What a great #grizzgala auction last night! Thanks to all who attended & supported student scholarships! OU alums and friends rock!
follow them :P
I am like a Z list celebrity.. LMAO
Get off my &#%@* thanks so much
Let's make it official: is our favorite shopping related twitter spambot (because it tweeted us for mentioning GameStop)
#AustinWonNBT! We love you ! Were one big #MahomieFamily (:
Thank you! It's insulting.
I am! Nancy is doing well! We could be sisters!
": thx for following Jacqueline! Backatcha!" you too! Have a great weekend!
“Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.” - Jamie Paolinetti
Me too. Just take me back to Europe in general!
thanks for spreading the word!
selena gomez's winter wonderland cover is pretty awesome!! gonna be my fav christmas song this year.. happy early holidays haha
dang we thought about booking there, but it was pretty far out of the way.
ugh part of me knows that Game of Thrones will *eventually* be canceled before they're able to tell the whole story [via the books]
I will get my chance one day
hey andrew follow back? :D
Had the best time today !
Omg I'm getting a heart attack
RT : Ate nothing but nuts and candy all day. In hindsight, ugh.
Santorum's describing the scene in the Steubenville, OH high school gym for folks at home. It's not radio, boyo.
Cleveland Browns - Trent Richardson
23 is my number for basketball!
Why do I have to go to the shadiest back alleys of the internet to get an offline installer of a specific JRE?
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers. I have been blessed to have a great mom, and to have a wife who is a great mom!
RIP Levon Helm. listening to The Band the rest of the night #NP I shall be released
Favorite line in today's email: "those who think that their mom or the “Latte Fairy” is out there picking up cups & trash."
Just got back down to my apartment from my friends house...
u win
if you call yourself a directioner, and go give Ali death threats, you are a shame on our fan base.
And some *mild* alcoholism...*cough*
RT : RT : #ShitNobodySays RT : A nature trail would be so live right now.
#wordplay-o-d-day: ADMISSION: marketing strategy.
Wow so that makes it OK for you to do the same? Nice reasoning if you're an 8 year old on the playground..SMH
"In the night the stormy night away she'd fly and dreams of Para-para-paradise Para-para-paradise Para-para-paradise".
Thank you! (:
Im getting so anxious! Ur tweets are getting me too excited! :) x
would you like to elaborate on that? We always welcome outside contributors in the opinion section.
this fight cracking.
there's going ot be one photo from me (emily) and one from my co-owner issy
Oh whatever comes our way, and you???RT : What are you boys up to this weekend?
of course!
Happy happy holidays to all of you in our twitter network.
you're stupid
Omg why is my son on my computer going through my I Tunes already this morning! He has the volume all the way up to...lol
I respect that opinion, but you shouldn't make her feel bad about herself. You wouldn't want someone to call you that.
Happy Birthday lovechild
Seeing Low last night was awesome, such a cool performance
great until I played football with the kids in the neighborhood and I was slammed into the tarmac on my left shoulder! Help.
I found out today@ starbucks that David Bowie is considerd 'contemperary grind'... new question.. 'what is contemperary grind?!'
my bad man I didn't even see u added me
Bye Bye Google+ and LinkedIn ! I've decided to limit my social networks to Facebook and Twitter
"All Dogs Go to Heaven" is on at 's. This is more fucked up than I remember.
RT : We need to be better at loving than we are at denouncing.
RT : This week on #MotoChat we're talking about protective riding gear. Join us Wednesday, April 4 at 1 pm Pacific Time.
Any Major Entertainbment News or Gossip Stories on Monday people are discussing Online?
I'd volunteer if I were there...
My sister's weekend visit wore me out! Non-stop fun and now I'm ready to crash.
The Polecats were really very under-appreciated!
going to be making some killer music this weekend. me and Komplete are now good friends. no sleep this weekend.
"Have an issue? Please dial at your convenience 1-800-Kiss-My-Ass."
AM yoga, quiet email, lunch outside w/ &
In the neighborhood! | RT : Trivia at The Foundry tonight, North Park. No buy in, just having fun!
I do have to say I love the state I live in
Sat. night's wine dinner went well. Fabulous four-course meal + #Bordeaux wines= Ultimate Dinning Experience
“What trimester is the Bruins game in?”
Choosing not to choose is also a choice.....
Getting faded >>>>>
Isn't everything? o.O
We are never horribly loud and obnoxious. Ever. ;)
Working and going to school is not easy, but as the cliché goes, nothing worth anything in life is easy.
Was pretty impressed with Google visit. Place is just like a university campus...but with free food ;o)
you wanted to get raped walking home didn't you?
Out at dinner with an old friend. The word #Hiverworld has come up repeatedly.
did you favorite it?
Website updated. Las Vegas get your driveways cleaned. $95 for a 2-car driveway. vegaspressurewashing.com
I'll sink ur ship!!! U r too busy raping ur woman that u forgot I already took u out first!!! Lmfao ;D
Very cool, thanks OurStage!
Wanna be ALESSA? send us a rad pic of yourself and we'll choose some for our flyers!
Facebooking my Mom during Chapter, because it's just one of those days.
Study: Content marketing influences electronics and retail shoppers with smartphones at point of purchase
Phillip Phillip << this kid... I want him to win so bad I can't even like, ohmygod I just cant. he's so damn good, its unbelievable.
made me ignore my soreness nd get up I hurt SO fucking bad -__-
Thu Sept 29th Pit 14003 Beach Blvd Dont Cry Its Friday A Danger To Myself Say What You Will Midnight Sun Siesta Fiesta $10 Doors 6pm
Thank you Mrs. Terry Cabrera for allowing us to set up your network! great schools.org/NC/GSO/preschools/A-Childs-Dream
- twitter is our friend, so be nice :-)
This what Flacco asked for! Make it happen!!
Pandora radio comedy is the best!
yes it would! lol
Dick riding :-(
I'm the Rodney Dangerfield of radio. Ha! RT :
Anyone else been having issues with their iPhone 4? Keep getting text blasted/unable to make phone calls without restart/miss calls randomly
how did I miss that? You disappeared before got there!
She look like Dr. Seuss!!! Bitch step yo game up!!
yeah, I rock for an old dudette.
Man held on perjury charges in Mass. student death
#ItsInsaneHow a year in grammar school seemed like forever and now I want everything to slow down
can't wait 4 #xmas :D
Awh man again! You just need to hunt these boys down girl! That's what I am doing! Hahahaha! 😜
I am so glad I got that Subway gift certificate cuz yeah. Everywhere!
MADONNA WAS GREAT TOOK ME BACK TO THE 90'S SHE IS THE ORIGINAL LADY GAGA
Massive dry cleaning discount for Martinizing Dry Cleaners on www.crowdclick.com - over 50% off!!!
Where do I acquire taste buds that can tolerate coffee? #gross #butimsleepy ☕☕☕☕
Why does Rosemary have to snore though?
For part time," after he told them he's a part-time model. Thanks to Why Dominic got the name PT
another AWESOME event last night. Very informative. Glad Thunder Media showed
Thanks for the follow captain social media! :)
#WeWontWorkoutIf u think u can change who i am........dnt even try :-)
Just listened to Kay Turner's amazing presentation on Mexican-American and Italian-American Catholic women's home altars.
I love that lists "For Keeps" in her bio. Love that movie.
Can you listen ?? ♥
Who has fuckin' instagram and wants to follow me on yet ANOTHER social network? If so my instagram name is: itsceceg
What a waste!!!
I love sleepin in on Saturdays and I love college football games.....
A 15 year old girl who is terminal with cancer has made a bucket list. One of her wishes is to trend on Twitter. Give a RT
dropped tub of shimmering eyeshadow in the car, I'm now covered in a gold shimmery glow emanating from my crotch...
Does anyone else think that "hit me up" sounds really violent? How about just an innocuous phone call?
Yeah, good luck! You'll do fine!
I can easily make a million in the streets.
Every genius has to be some form of crazy in order to believe what no one else sees
Home alone :(
I ain't got time to ease your mind, I'm on some other shit
Thanks to have a great week!
I'm sorry, Kelly Osbourne, but I can't take your fashion opinion seriously when your hair looks like an old lady's gray-gone-purple dye job!
All that glitters is not gold.
holy shit im bored
“: Thanks for the heads up! We'll get that changed. Good luck #BFGTourney!”
i got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Absolutely honored and humbled to have my name on this list ...
Doing software upgrades today... Installing Stylus RMX today and finally getting Logic 9 going
On to Plan B for our #OneforOne. Hold on to your seat folks, things are about to get mighty fancy! Give us a RT if you're onboard with us!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you step on my kicks.
It's Friday! Back to bed, I close tonight
I take that bacc about drinking & smoking. That clearly wouldn't fix the mourning im doing...n besides i never been a drunk noway
I'd be curious to see your best effort. I've come to doubt that a non-anti-liberal one is possible.
Listening to Rollins "get in the van" in the van on tour.
Jealous of my friends who are at #SXSW friends this week. Check out the food trucks while you're down there for me. :)
jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
I watch way too much HGTV!
Special Prosecutor: WE GET IT.. YOUR JOB IS HARD.
lol....tragic...i have 3 girls...my 2nd daughter & butta son is a day apart...
Here were go again ....
My lil niece graduation is today man I'm so happy for her
Haha, it happens. Hope everythang good with ya!
Have YOU skated the rad half-pipe ? When was the last time skatingboarding was allowed IN a museum?
I have this strange urge to photoshop Londo's hair onto your pic. Good thing I'm lazy.
Sad you lack self respect, respect for "friends" and common sense. Oh & a life. No one wants to be around u.
Good Morning! Happy Tuesday :) !!!
Today & Tomorrow are your last days to take advantage of our 50% OFF Green Tags! This Friday our orange tagged items will be 50% off!
Take that in, girl. It's all for you.
Need to get to tioga to play my rich lil piggys 🐷👍
- yes. Share drives are folders on the network. connect.sf.edu is the web-based intranet.
I apologize, I hate when Bread Co gets over run by frat boys
reifying stereotypes. But social ills are everywhere and I feel we have to address them head-on. how else can we expect (cont)
The longer the #Rangers season lasts, the worse the scores will be on #Marist final exams.
": You need to keep your #Sagittarius partner from getting bored! For boredom kills their soul."
Thanks to our new followers!
somebody stole my birthday car.
There's so many two faced people.... I honestly can't.
you guys are freaking awesome!! <3 thank you!
how is that number broken down by gender?
- It was great to see you at the Fancy Food Winter Show. We love Cinnamon Crunch Somersaults!
Skechers got fined $40 million for false advertisements saying that Shape Ups make you get a fat ass
ratchet kids
Apparently so. Science/Engineering center going there. Our offices being moved to small house in a parking lot.
Chipotle. Movie. Shit. Now all I need is a beer or two.
followed. :D
That's hilarious...would the listeners think a show w/just me and Markus was actually one person?
this year has beat the shit out of me
Holy knees
always have 3 tabs open: twitter, facebook, and youtube.
Just don't understand some people! Celebrate in a peaceful manner
Very Cool Globe University - La Crosse!
great job!
After trying to learn how to surf for 5 hours today, I'm exhausted. I can get up though! 🏄🌊
The mall at the Aria is pretty.. hahaha Store heaven :)
Cool. Well we are launching soon and will be hosting charity events once a month the rest of the year. Would like to recruit u
Didnt you tweet pretty sure you did . But Ok and i got someone so I'm cool on the jealousy shit .
also evil! - the dirty W that is! Haha love you though. You know that. Please come visit. Miss you. Love you. Xo
will have to wait a little longer. i am just a fan, like you, but hear things frpm fan's who similarly like me follow her
Hahaha Ahh the worst. Drink a glass of water with a napkin over the top. Aka drink through the paper!
“Be yourself. Above all, let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write, every piece you finish.”
after seeing the new smart phones, I am afraid mine is reading on a preschool level
Amy Lee needs to get over the fact that she's a female singer
#sotellmewhy Erykah Badu's fashion and style is reminiscent of the Late Nina Simone
Amazing to meet & talk to Gen Wes Clark, Sen John Kerry, Wolf Blitzer & Hillary Clinton at the Woodrow Wilson reception this evening
Glaad Media Awards with Randy Meyer
My timeline is filled with your GIFs, you must really love gifboom, huh? hahaha.
At Miami Children Museum for International Rescue Comity event for children refugees with who is doing an amazing job w IRC.
tell me about it! everytime i look at the map I can't believe the numbers.
I very much agree, and I'm sure they could've found a qualified native to take the position.
Thanks for the great presentation!
That's right! How could I. It was, after all, the beginning of the End of Days. Or, you know, aliens.
Thanks for the #FF mention!
awesome!! do we want lawn or actual seats? there is a $6 dollar difference. have either of you been before?
Do The Pacers even have fans?!
Putting together a holiday party tray, adding a few Christmas tree branches for flair!
yo you got any Ramen boom suggestions ? Is there ANY possible way to get a copy of that Ramen issue?
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself. ~ Zen Master Dogen
goodmorning too you too! how u doing?
Thank you!! RT : Keep up the good work Matt &lt;3 I hope you get far, you deserve it :)
: Do u know a home cook who makes great Cuban-style fried chicken? If so, email us at
Excited about launching !
haha! Second episode isnt nearly as shocking as the first.
Sounds awesome!! Any candles?? I love burning candles!!
Just had the Taylor Gang/Runt Gang session =_= Bom Bay got the wave right. #DenverTurnUp we got chu!!!!
captain planet decoder ring = circles indicate Dallas is a small world and "o" = we some freaks lol
They said they need an MRI before they say anything. Seeing as how he was able to put some pressure on it I hope it's not bad
win a ring Homie I'm done.
where are you working?
BIG thanks to Leaders Led for their special performance during our monthly S event at Club Bohemia downstairs in the Cantab Lounge.
okcupid is for serial murders! for the record i have good skin.....
So Tired :l
Can you all recommend me Argentinian writers and/or stories about buenos aires? Merci!
wow, that's amazing! Well done!
Really nice to lay down with my gf again
There are these annoying sixth graders at my school who think they know everything about 1D. They were saying how niall is ugly. Grrrrr
Take heart in a new day—and the day may very well return the favor by supplying you with your heart's desires
Ha--i JUST emailed you to ask how excited you were for tomorrow!
Hot wheels have nothing to do with cars - Vancouver Sun
If you were not in a band what would you be doing?
Anytime! You look beautiful!!
yeah thats it but whatever it is you're not back how you don't like sweet potato !! please tell you you like sweet potato pie
#FF Peeps I plan to kick it with in LA
oh shit. No. But thanks for reminding me I'll check I out now
Can't say the revs havn't started better today...
Having an argument with your mum is probably the worst thing in the world.
Funny. They released singing 'Pour Some Sugar on Me' to radio today to promote the 'Rock of Ages' movie.
Success…seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit. Conrad Hilton
|_+.-! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Oh yeah, it's garage drinking season again
Need to make it to the light at the end and have u standing there.
I love the stats guy!
it is what it is and thats it
my band rulez duh
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: If one was to weigh all of the land animals of the earth, 10% of that mass would be ants
ha! gotta love harm reduction. every day is a work of creative nonfiction. enjoy a carnal night!
877- cash now
I see you are tweeting! Love it! So what is this about being able to use your cellphone in the subway. The whole system?
I do it for the drugs.
Was that a joke.? RT : I thought I saw today at Meijer, but it was a girl with purple hair lol
RT : The Facebook & Entertainment PR panel is PACKED. Lots of opinions on , runaway fans, and that darn Netflix email
hey (; you should follow me, love!
NYSCHAP reviewed this week - we're awaiting the report. We'll post when complete.
Me and my BFFE (best friend for eternity) look up to bella thorne and zendaya colmen so much they are amazing people!
Just found out my great grandfather played the SAW... and my dad still HAS his custom-made saw, with custom-made case... #boyohboy!!
RICE is in full effect. And you're welcome.
Hal Borko, a pioneer in information retrieval and indexing languages, has passed on, aged 90, fittingly at Passover. He will be missed.
Everyone pick someone to fight on Twitter right now. Lets Go!
If you dont trust your own mind den why trust the next one
Ice for 20 minutes, heat for 20 minutes, repeat.
I am le tired...
We have our up & down but we will never be apart
thank god I waited to text my #doghouse selection. Now I have nothing to say. Both my #bigredmachines came through tonight!
Happy Venereal Disease day!
Bored, gonna go swimming.
Friends don't let friends drunk txt...but since I'm not ya friend, let me help u wit that!
not another casting website.
Having post concert depression from a concert 2 years ago is totally normal
Last night I heard the rain outside my window and wished I were camping again, listening to the raindrops fall on my tent.
My dearest Steven whom I've loved for 35 yrs....all I want is you to be happy. May all your dreams come true with Erin! ♥ ♥
