Sox are awesome..
best. Mothers Day tweet. Ever!
No One ever said it would be easy!
Def cool, in a bunch of ways too: the innovative way of recruiting by , the shout out of my man , nice
Will try to get paper back to you today-- proctoring wrtg SOL this morning so will have time to finish :)
Chilln until the fight tonight..
Consulting Zagat for a place for dinner. Suggestions?
Direct Message me your cell. Camera on deck for your birthday!!!!!!!
If they lose I'm holding you responsible! :P
yeah that was the problem i forsaw ... that he and grimes are both big gamblers and 2 of those is dangerous to have
Come to the CAB meeting tonight @ 7:30pm in the Senate Room. This is your opportunity to decide what you want to do or see on campus!
good for them
Last chance to support launch of exciting new ethical fashion boutique Vaute Couture. is matching donations!
ok x
Just made lunch. Now it's time to do some rewrites. I have over 800 songs so this is gonna take awhile...
Follow the adamouski international art competition if you are an emerging artist and would like to gain more direct opportunity
Carve out some time today to exercise and I guarantee you....it's time well spent and you will never regret it!
The three golden rules of designing for friends and family, by Mike Kapetanovic (): netm.ag/qTpYDb What's YOUR experience?
It felt really good waking up this morning.
Can't wait to try it out - thanks!!
Still one of my favorite Hendrix songs - "Rainy Day, Dream Away"... Thats LA today! Check it out!
Almost my birthday :)
Loved Oprah's Next Chapter with Bishop TD Jakes :-)
The reason I don't like mullets is because I like to party in the back AND in the front.
Aw! And here's to many more! Happy mother's day to you!
thank you and congrats to you as well!
Best time at our retreat! Love my KΔ girls <3
: Thats ok! thx for the follow :-)
There is a single solution to all the problems in this world today, it's entrepreneurship. :)
So much beauty can blossom from brokenness. Read Isaiah 41:10 Hugs to you Kalona!
#nowplaying botch. We are the romans.
"All who hate me love death." -Wisdom
far? i am doing great ,uncle don land.he called some hours ago.
Potential "uh oh it might be 88" Boston Marathon cheering gear to include freezepops and super soakers.
I didn't believe voting for a guy I might want to "have a beer with" was a solid reason to chose this countries leader.
Make a difference today in someone's life!
GCB has been canceled. God will get you for this, ABC!!!
Enhanced security inside courtroom. 4 Travis Cty Sheriff Deputies just at the door to courtroom. 2 guarding the gate to prosecutors/defense.
btw- wish you were here to get drinks with us tonight Haley! come on what's better than #vampirediaries and drinks?
“ RT : I wasnt born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel.”
Before beginning a Hunt, it is wise to ask someone what you are looking for before you begin looking for it. - Winnie the Pooh
Just got an amazing submission to the contest. There are penguins involved. You guys are taking this up a notch! Love it! - The B Side
yay! I'm a customer for life now! (:
Re-eeding?? What is this reeding you speak of?
- No problems, call or email me tomorrow at your convenience. Thx.
thanks for great valentines night out!
I have site visits and board member event planning tomorrow. Sprained ankle at the worst time. not sure how to make this look classy?
In Europe, coffee was once paired with anarchistic political activities.
he is and I know it was random, but I thought you would of liked to knoow :)
#StayAwayFromMeIf you are gonna want me to change for you.
Its not cool to string somebody along and lead them to believe that you care about them.
DeVante Designz Inc has created all new walmart and target Christmas ad's for TV commercials , keep a eye out for them :-)
At least you didn't compare it to MySpace. (Also, I am sort of secretly fond of GC.)
Half of dickinson saw me cry yesturday.-_-
ill be at dan electros guitar bar tomorrow night pm For Open Mic blues jam Join me
Don't forget u can pick up that smirk clothing 2222 summit ave col ohio we movin the movement
Finding that the busier my #socialmedia career gets, the less time I have to monitor my OWN social profiles. Anyone else have that problem?
I'm sorry, but this American freedom stuff is hilarious! Stand up for America, bitches!
Thanks! I'll look these places up. I'm still on eastcoast time so will be very early...4-ish? :)
Favorite Monkees song: "She". Setting my original Monkees lunchbox on the altar today.
EVERYBODY WISH A HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY SO HE GETS LAID TONIGHT FINALLY
T work is rude..must have beer!
haha send this diva a text when your working in Nash !
Keep it up!
fukyoukaren means idgaf because I'm trying to look cool but I really do give a fuck lol
Justin Bieber looks ridiculous walking out next to Mayweather and 50Cent on
fuck i might accidentally clicked spam, i drag the link to a new tab. let me know if i DM you with a link a random spam link..
When one is looking for the internet broadcasting service provider, they should look into the firm for all the features that it is providing
every time someone gets eliminated on a reality show they say "this wont be the last time you see me" but then you never hear of them again.
Hey guys! It keeps getting better! stay tuned for upcoming shows!
Yay it's Thursday! Good morning world! Thursday = My Friday
My favorite visualization technique is imagining a white (or I like to do violet) light around u that is healing and will protect u.
RT : Reform Jews everywhere celebrate a historic day in U.S. history. Thank you, President Obama, for endorsing marriage equality!
Bootcamp #3 in progress...more info later this week...
Im helping PATSY STONE at #Marni right now. Kinda dying.
It was $26.66 with tax. That is the price if you buy it at the box office. It will be slightly more if you order online.
Pretty sure my school is screwing my grades so I have to go to summer school.
ok... twelve hrs painting is enough for today. time for scotch and hockey.
Playoff guarantees are never a good thing! Go out and do it!
Mama's Gun was the best Erykah Badu CD
is playing billboard!?! If they could tweet and help get `s views/comments up to play it too that`d be amazing.
why do beliebers, smilers, swifties and selenators always think i'm into their music because of one direction? you can't even compare them
I gotta change my pic I've gotten so much hair since then
If you are cold at night, let the promise of my love cover you like a warm blanket. Matthew White
Congratulations and WELCOME to our newest member to the Precious Gem Team, SONDRA CASTELLO who signed up on line.
Sometimes that one person,isn't worth it anymore </3
please tell mike mayock all scoring plays are reviewed. He said on Wallace play: "they have to throw the flag on that one"
#ABDC is on(:
I haven't ran into a real man In this city yet only drug dealers n lord knows they dont flock ova here
thanks so much babe! Right back atchya xoxo
#Tigers just beat the White Sux 10-8. Damn near lost this game in the end.
National Lampoons Christmas Vacation
so my buddy is telling me Jack.in.the box across the st are selling parking tkts fr 500
Is the blonde chick for big bang theory smart?
Sitting between two awkward first dates at the bar at Abigail's. On the plus side, got my drink without needing to order it ;)
My comedy plans this weekend are doing 10 open mics then go home and try not to pull the trigger
Booked a worldwide commercial for Amazon Kindle today !!!! :D
"i feel bad but... girl sucks" hahhaha
hahah ok. I'll be here bored to death
f'ing golden
Looking forward to following and tweeting with the DC Seminar folks!
THE BEST PLAY I HAVE EVER SEEN!
everyone follow
my dad passed away. I want u to know cause I know u will understand. Love u kidding.
I love Softball!
Is it just me or is Verne way off his calls tonite ?
Who up fwm
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." - Ron Swanson
Working on a cover of 'The Lazy Song' by Bruno Mars! It's gonna make you not wanna do anything...
Not a hashtag but any text within the tweet. I'm also hoping for some actual text understanding - run matches running and ran.
Well I guess good bye to twitter for a couple hours.
Words they will get a treat!
God I thank you for waking me up this morning, because someone didn't make it
are you kidding me?!?!?! Please explain to me why Travis Orlando went home? #noheart that kid is awesome
Today's tip: When lifting weights, don´t grip the weights too hard. Too hard of a grip can raise your blood pressure.
This classical music bullshit
NYC DOE to close Williamsburg Charter High School. History of trouble. In 2010 charter posted ads offering $100 rewards for new students.
Triple H > ....It's not even close
Hey Anna! Saw that you followed us. Thanks for the follow. We gave you a follow back.
Going clothes shopping again today. You only live once, right?
need to get my driver's license renewed today...sounds less than fun...
Great! Gotta a few more weeks before she's ok for public places.
I'll be able to die happily the day Kanye and Taylor Swift do a song together (btw: I've never heard a Taylor Swift song).
That was fun! Have do done Z or R twice?
1426 Fashion Week takes pride in how far we've come. But, we HAVE FAITH in how far we CAN go. See Nov 11-13 in Ft Lauderdale.
Malya saying we know how difficult life is in the rural areas, so we work to give people support.
Another day in hell ugh save me <3
Time for Hoosiers to vote tomorrow!
Follow Please ?
Curse you, reply all!
Ah I know! I ask him to every day!
God will only take you into a conflict he's equipped you to win.
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
it's downtown near church street. And no it's still open lol
well I guess if you want change, you gotta start somehow. I just wanna get home from the overwhelming B.O. myself.
Any of my #nanowrimo peeps up for some #nanowordsprint s?
“Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.” ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Making Toast by Roger Rosenblatt is my #fridayreads - memoir of helping to raise his daughter's kids after her death. Beautiful, sad, wise.
nahh blood... jokes. its coo tho
What i wanna know is who keeps tigers, monkeys & other exotic animals as pets? They belong in the WILD people!!!!
Good luck to today sitting with over 100k in chips!
Hot City Pizza - just discovered it. Has a unique, sizable beer selection.
Hmm to me she does and plus youre saying a 28 year old isnt buying? yet 20+ y/o are loving her?
oh, I love classic rock! And I love that you share that adoration! Reverb snares, big hair, big guitar solos!
yeah! :D
any contests coming up to win American Idols Live tour tickets? I would love to go!!
if this were a song - it would continue "I'm ready to play..." ;)
Good God!! Be a kind neighbor and NEVER cook fish!!
hm, I wonder how much we can get for a 9" custom one...
okay time for sleep :) Gotta be up early in the AM. Good Night everyone.
alright let's go
Oh word? In there. RT : S/o ! Opening Night for New SportsGrill () 2night! College Park MD!
#ihateitwhen you take a 3 hour nap wake up and your still tired, but it's too late to go back to sleep.
no shit?! Dam I'll go read that.
Off to bedd.
you can socialize on our porch anytime! ASO to the person who "didn't want him on their porch"
Just woke up from my nap 😳
I always have this fear that one day you are going to discover that Im not as great as you once thought I was.
Humans create their own ecological niche w/language & culture. Need to recreate if it's going to be sustainable.
#california bound! i'm so looking forward 2 some alone time with my honey!
Lake Oswego School District Superintendent Bill Korach to extend contract by additional year
my coach didn't play me and I was ticked so I went in the game for the final 3 minutes. Fouled out, 3 were offensive fouls. Lol
I miss you
My friend Zach Fleury says if you're a hipster in Seattle you tweet, instagram, and wear skinny jeans...interesting formula
I'm pretty sure that TD pass also tied P. Manning for most TD passes in a season in a dome with 32
The Sky is blue 💙 The Money is green 💚 The Weed is purple 💜
here i go again...
Thank You To All My New Followers via-(twitter)> Fans via-(reverb) > Friends via-(myspace)> And Likes via-(facebook)...
Casting calls for Makeup artist and wardrobe artists today!!!!
Writers: get published at ezinearticles.com ...
might be kind of long distance runaround.... ;-)
thank-you for the retweet. much appreciated ; )
Next game is tomorrow night 6:00 at Montbello vs Pine Creek
I've never seen a picture of you! You should post one :)
What is 39??
When you’re lost in this crazy world you got somewhere to go and get found. Thank God for hometowns #nowplaying <3 this CD!
country boys>>>>
No no I'm really not that excited to see oh who am I kidding I'm so freaking EXCITED AH😜😊❤
raging headache + work = megan in a raging mood
Check the "Events" tab to find the diLasso concert info and RSVP....we're still figuring out Facebook's new Page format.....
Certainly, one can have morals without law or religion. Or can they? (Part 2/2)
Beats make music great.
Remember that time my husband fell asleep on metro, wound up 40 miles away, lost his phone, and had to take a cab back?
I have a shiny, new PO BOX- one step closer to my LLC! Wonder who will be the first to write to me at PO Box 12132 Albany, NY 12212-2132. :)
in chicago-ese that is 'blogger-fy'
Was searching for the #supercomputing company #Cray and found no account. Instead I found mobs of people tweeting cray as #slang. What now?
Food Fact of the Day:April 28,1796 'American Cookery' by Amelia Simmons is published in Hartford. The first cookbook written by an American.
wont take a pic of my 18th century tv
hi! yes, i would love some museum-types to follow :)
are you going to HHI?
Also we are 3 away from 200 followers, let's get all those today and when we get to 1,000 followers we may start doing some prizes!!
Drupal 7 successfully moved from Ubuntu Lucid to Amazon's Red Hat rebuild. I think I installed every PHP module known.
I hate Joe Buck
Making coffee and looking at the stock market.
Sarah legitly said ''can i have a taste of the rainbow'' without realizing it
If you ever want to get hold of me via phone or whatever you can follow me and I'll send you in DM anything you need
Smokin! Just the thing to go with some ice cold 'Rita's.
I bet that one is gonna be filled with
Thanks man . And work with you as in like what ?
Let's hope the Tigers can build some momentum with this comeback victory of the palesoxs
It seems as though every time u scorn someone they seem to get their act together.
So #oomf tells me I was slap the shit out of her ex bf but I really don't remember that at all...I guess I really was drunk that night smh
sounds great!
it was awesome to connect in San Diego! Hope your trip home went well & that you enjoyed
Tired archivist here. Love my day to day work (was born to do it, I think), but geez I need to do some searching.
I just forgot about it. I doubt anyone will do it.
Dreaming of a "4-hand" massage ...
Looks like I'm gonna own my first jets tshirt
It's MY time! I'm gonna "Go Get It"! Thank you for your constant inspiration, God bless you & the entire Atkins family!
unplug and replug the power connection to modem and airport. starts with modem first
Drilling his own river ice pays off for Alaska man - BusinessWeek
Fuck All haters
Happy to show support for Nashville/TN tonight by texting GAC to 501501 fundraiser was great!
I know!
“: a little bit of sandy in the sun” hahahah
What video is everyone talking about? ** The one with Vinny**
Good Morning to All my parents
I live by montwood middle:p RT by where do u live?o:”
Grocery store line: the woman in front of me just drank half a bottle of antioxidant juice & then told the cashier "I don't want this."
nice cant wait to see
why the unfollow, man? I don't make the cut for 167K followers? Ouch - follow me back
It never got cold enough this winter for me to wear my new snow pants...I'm breakin' 'em out today, in late April! Yeah
Hear, O Lord, and be gracious to me! O Lord, be my helper! -Psalm 30:10
that's awesome :) any bird pics?
At Yoshis in #SanFrancisco watching in concert! All I can say is #R&B is alive and well, You Better sang Man!!
Did you know you can refil/reuse an old cartridge? Just stuff it with common fabric batting that costs about $2.00 /yard! www.genxvapor.com
My life is one big embarrassing moment
since you didn't get through are you at least on schedule?
you sent a DM?
Back in the day when football was football
!! That is so cool!! Thank you so much for tweeting!
Just under 2 months away from STEP IT UP!!!
Kat- I saw a cute pair with wedge not sure how high at PAYLESS SHOES :-)
Just talked with Tom Christina of about the Anti-Injunction Act that was discussed at the #SCOTUS Monday; #podcast to come
The Original Funny Facebook Status Updates
and one time it said I sent it to a ton of people so I tell them all sry I didnt send that
: at the door then :)
As an #entrepreneur, when you make your first hires, hire your weaknesses and don't micro manage.
sugar free kool-aid is like orgasm free sex....
Damn everbody barely passing ms.bunting final..
Working on orders and planning for the WINE & PAWs event (April 21 & 22, 2012) that will benefit the Safe Haven program at WI Humane Society
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms, grandmas, great great grandmas, great great great grandmas. Much love ♥
Twinkle twinkle little slut, name one guy you haven't fucked.
#nw best show on earth
Bacon, Eggs N Hashbrowns Yum breakfast for DIN!!! with delicous Orange & Apple split w/ my Boo!
Looking forward to the deals...
Ask us any question and we'll respond with a movie quote.
What do u need help wit hun???
What time?
oh wow. People need to calm down. They can't hangout with anyone without rumor starting.
:) saw that state st has ramps, and I'm sure they will have morels in the next week or so.
Revere the Ride.
We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams. ~ Les Brown
Hope you had a Happy Friday!
the Warner Bros. and their sister, Dot.
Well whenever you have time :)
#65 | Because we enjoy crossing cultures... Art, Music Technology and more...
Please come to the midwest (Milwaukee, Chicago, or Minneapolis)! We need you!!!
"Ohmygosh did you see his butt?!" "No I'm not perverted, Shalyn.." "He was wearing baseball pants!!" <3 #ICheckedHimOut haha
With Dixie the dog at the vet ER. Her allergies are so bad she can't open her poor itchy eyes. They just took her to give her a shot
lmao tell me about it
I was overwhelmed with the turnout today and want to thank everyone for their support and energy.
It's about $35. Sometimes my friends in other countries buy a bunch of hoods w/ their friends & split shipping so it's less!
First ejection as a Brewer manager!
writing a verse
we are very sorry for any inconvenience
“: #ireallywant someone who isn't afraid to get a little physical ;) #Scorpio”
Who even reads bios...
Bill Fletcher giving us laborious history lessons.
there's a show on abc based in colorado actually at the bass pro shop in northfeild and its pretty funny
.: Thr YouTube channel is managing will show better analytics of how people engage/watch stories. Share info.
Uncle Rush Please help my friends get on the amazing race!!! Please repost!!
Rested and ready to get it down like James Brown for tonights Screaming O show at Thee Dollhouse
Hello this is a bit off topic, but who do you think France will need more at Euro 2012 - Yohan Cabaye or Hatem Ben Arfa?
damn shame
Robert Bobb has our children's best interest at heart, we all need to support him!!!!
to see how the mind works is intriguing , especially in the hiring process . So doodle on! :) I'm at the Mavs game! :)))
He just needs some Japanese home-cooking, and Cupid's putting on his apron.
Seriously looking for social media/writing opportunities. Please hit me up if interested. I'm the greatest writer in the world.
Follow Back .
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY DANIEL HOFF AGENCY Thank you Danny for letting me be part of your history as Head Theatrical Agent Here is to your success
Dude! Don't pimp me out to your brother if Your gonna get butthurt! WTF
The way I change my self is a reflection of my social media accounts. It helps me to growth and listen good advices.
On a side note, when an author begins a text with Derrida, it makes me swoon.
I was more amused than irritated -- after all he's promoting himself as a PASTOR.
You know I saw that first!
After all that, Ishikawa pops out on first pitch. Ballgame.
it was great to see you too Matt!!! #blessings Can't wait to hear your music!
ugh we should've done that on our rainy days! Season 2 is the best for a 12 hour couch marathon
Star gazing' on summer nights🌟. >
I'm back on the scene, my favorite color is GREEN!!
I Need To Meet Some New Girls .
Car in the parking lot with California plates that nobody knows whose it is. When in doubt assume it belongs to the boy. Boom, always right.
Me too! MT : I'm told will be pulling up in a Lear jet. That's my preferred way to make an entrance.
thanks for the tip about This chat is much easier to follow now!
well I dont like her!
Feels amazing to be releasing new music again... I will always love my fans.
And now my emotions are up and running, literally running down my face.
#TeamCharon “: If i had a chainsaw, i woulda cut that crown in half.. is my SUPERSTAR! #realwhereitcounts”
sounds like a great day to me!
WMYB was on one station then One Thing iss on another xD
There are some brand new apartment offering great deals.
My fuckin nerves bad right now...forgetful muthafuckas...
In the kitchen going ham again
I attend Full Sail! And, I haven't had time to load some of my samples. I'll try to do so soon. The quality is perfect though
would Ryan Reynolds do a good Bruce Wayne? haha
At least work is slow today #amen :)
Candlelight Yoga tonight?
Wish I was there to go shopping with you!!!!!
Thank you honey bunches : ) love you too! RT S/o to .Happy Birthday Sissy love you (:
TAKEOUT's Tweeting. How 'bout a follow?
you are my light! A north star!
If I never watched football before and people said "you really need to check this out". I would say they were crazy after watching tonight
thanks dude!! “: love the piece on #umbro on today. Good find/awesome video!”
It amazes me how many people walk out of the restroom without washing their hands! C'mon MAN! Not kosher at all!
Reg gas 4.79 in downtown chi and then have the nerve to say only the full service pump has it for $5.10 BP have u done lost yo mind???
nowhere working
Eurydice previews tonight! Sold out for tomorrow's opening!
I'm a big fan of your work. Very talented, keep doing what you do...
Thanks for the follow
Empty inbox ACHIEVED. Finally.
Full house for Cripple of Inishmaan!
WebCamWindow T-Shirt Contest! Take a guess at what we're doing next. HINT: It's big, new and AWESOME. Tweet us your answers! RT Please!
I miss my boo too! :(
RG3, that's one of the robots in Star Wars right?
is never gonna notice or follow me )': ... Hopefully #Someday!
as Mom, and now Laura, can tell you, I don't put salt on ANYTHING!! Never have.
juss listened to Rated R.. Brings back memories :')
You can now :)
Family looks out for each other.
lol thats not too far! only a 6 hour flight! haha come take a vacation out here and get some ink! :D
can i be west virginia? <333
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
RT : happy birthday shoutout to the good bruh , make it a great one~ Thanks Good Brother!
having the same outfit as someone on the train -.- <<<<.
no, link me to your YouTube page. I'll subscribed right away.
I can ride my bike with no handle bars.
What's good Concord?!
are you already at BAH??
Not on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday but on Thursday. . . Thursday.
I remember a CNN reporter left to run a company that stages elaborate wedding proposals. You could do that with gifts!
Thanks for helping build the excitement!
hi there-I have a media opportunity in Dallas working in digital : ) Going to miss the #ATX though. how have you been?
...cheer; raises morale; inspires associates, arouses loyalty; and laughs at adversity, it is beyond price. " - Colman Cox
Go follow my new music page . Working really hard on new material for you guys to hear.
Congrats! You can pick up your free family admission pass at the event. www.kuik.com for details. CU there!
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me
Yeah, Piano Bar is solid, too. It's technically a Hollywood bar, but without the negative stereotypes of most of them.
I think I have to listen to Shaggy's "Wasn't Me" right about now-ish.
Nice to meet you at Immersion Weekend
Tonight!! We are young!! ;D
Yea were you watching it too?
yup, still in love with
Let me guess: Murryland?
So don't sugar coat and mislead about how the Courts EVERYWHERE allow lawyers to bully & abuse Autistic adults & injure us
Follow me on twitter
Corny motherfucker , your such a ass kissing lonely sucker .
A1 tomorrow: Boy hides in box.
here's a question: when can I be a guest on #tmzlive ......
Whoa, science! You can run 10k better/faster on a Sunday, if you get SOME exercise (and don't smoke) during the week. Huh.
The less said about the Shocker, the better
The Somali Muslim community is speaking up against the Type 21 beer and wine license.
lol. The struggle.
That text I just got :) made my whole day >>>>>>
OK, let the games begin! Happy Wednesday! Ha ha ha! I said it first! LOL!
Working to create an intervention to help a homeless client get the care he needs. Best Wishes to Everyone!
Looking forward to chatting with the folks at today. What a treat!
Yikes! I felt my throat close while reading that description. I'm allergic to cheese and bacon and I don't like donuts.
K-rec leagues are currently going. Kronum League season begins August-September.
Harold Allnut is a pretty good mechanic.
#DailyCircuit Chaka Kahn's I'm every woman, Grace Jones "Slave to the Rhythm" and Pink's "Get the party started".
but I don't want you to be playin Jocelin just over the summer & then all back on Mireya when school starts again bro -_-
so glad I don't have to work tonight. I'd be a #zombielibrarian. Instead I'll be a
Just because you can doesn't mean you should. Each method should only do one thing.
new hit single #putitdown check it out :)
Can someone let me know if they can see this tweet? Cuz idk if my twitter is working!;(
Did you watch the Marcus Dupree story? I hear production on Cam Newton 30 for 30 has begun...
It matters not what age you are only the quality of life you have in those years. I know you are well-luvved! 
23ppl from sahs are at same gym as i. Sadly none of them get along with me hehe wonder why
you are apparently sitting next to my friend at the rose garden right now. Say hi!
RT : “: Managers: Focusing on your employees' weaknesses provokes them to disengage. Focus on their strengths."
The worst drivers are old Asian ladies. Seriously who gav u a license
Let It Ride - Automatic Loveletter
Congrats! Also, I'm sorry I missed your birthday--hope it was a good one.
Points here and it is game...set....match
That's nice of them
I came home and literally it looked like someone came in my house and put new groceries throughout the kitchen && its all my favess? Weird..
work it girl
I love
suggesting that everyone writes everything in plain text and version control with #git did not go over that well in that meeting
Richard Fish: "Is that the two cents? I'd be looking for change."
Please please please #Packers move up and get Trent Richardson
just said she'd leave me
has semi sleeves? Who does his work?
Couples have been annoying me lately...
Barak Obama now supports gay marriage. Good, I'm happy. You should have done this a long time ago, and encouraged NC not to act like idiots.
just off of water. i think it's jefferson and ogden?
Looking for a few kind-hearted Seattle denizens to volunteer for a charity auction Saturday, October 9th. Please email me for more info.
Who needs time zones when you are on #laketime Great evening riding!
you at school bro ?
Sucka!!! 😜 I have 10 hw passes so I don't have to take it😁
pumped for your show in Milwaukee this Sunday!!! The night before my 30th bday! :) Dun dun dun...
Cleveland took Weeden....
In a way though, "Consistently breathtaking" could just mean "doing the bare minimum to stay alive."
Why Kyle aint called me yet 
I LOVE YOU THIS BIG !
sadly, back to the drawing board. re-assess budget in the new year; dropped for the moment. until then! :)
Trying to get things in order for tomorrow's charity event: stop by the Allerton Hotel & donate $20 to the homeless. I sing at 7pm Floor 2.
GOOD LUCK!! "Getting ready for third round. I tee off at 4:54" .
Ralph, thank you for stopping by and Happy Easter everybody.
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed
How come nobody gets knockdown is this mediocre opening fights?....ROOKIES!
in late 2001/early 2002-obviously a time of upheaval here in the states-was considering joining an org trying to build bridges....
Welcome to the darkside! Isn't it fantastic?
which makes my job that much more difficult statefarm as a comp isn't known 4 it's commercials but that's how every1 buys now
Without a doubt. Looking forward to both of those discussions.
I really hope nothing #bad happens from #eating too much
Was up hours ago - just getting started
Just ran into Steve from ! Thanks for spreading the word for us!
Floyd for a first! 1:44 remaining
Hot Hot oo we got it hot hot o we got it Hot chocolate :) M do good :)
Wow...Jake Delhomme just got let the hell down.
<- - this is what the World's Greatest Aunt looks like! :D
Thanks for all your prayers. My Pop-pop made the transition a little while ago peacefully and in no pain.
Why do couples flirt over Facebook/Twitter? Just call your girl up and tell her.
for me it is b/c I'm on my way to do something productive & I can't be reached on phone/FB/Twitter, really free 2 read & think
did I just hear the Vanderbilt could be a final 4 Team? .....
I have my right sleeve tatted but I'd be very happy when I can get it finished ! Unfinished tattoos bother mee.
yeah I told her that you onee and she said "who's Kaylee?" ... This is a problem Haha
Thunderstorms are in the forecast. I better watch out for lightning since my odds of getting struck are better than winning Mega Millions.
Is anyone surprised by that?? RT : ..anyone else notice j-mac is immeasurably cozier w/ ted robinson than with his own brother?
eatin sum african food wearin sum african clothes nd dancing to sum african music nd speakin african with ur bro haha
RT : O yes you will, you taken one for the team
valiant effort there, bud. I'm pretty sure the Torts interview one has a pretty short shelf life, anyway. Fun novelty, though.
I really wanna know what she did and how this all plays out
#cpchat I just received my admin license and was looking for some advice from experienced administrators on how to get my foot in the door?
Heart. RT : You can't A/B Test creativity - to make a good game, it has to be good. -
Easter egg hunt with the little monsters from the church next door. The adorable meter is off the charts.
just got back in the saddle after a hella great summer! how are you jett?
When people are having success.....they don't need to be motivated, they already ARE! :)
what's good with the homie?
Geicho has the worst fucking commercials.
me too!!
Hi Do fellowship programs like genre specific specs like sci-fi or one that would appeal more to the masses?
Goodnight, fools.
The rain is slowing down already.
Did your wisdom teeth come out yet?
RT Tis the Season for Chimney Fires Galore. B4 you get all 'Perry Como' for the holidays, consider an inspection! <--Heaters too!
Ha! I just opted out of that today. Thanks for the info!
You know your San Diego synagogues!! Seriously, what a beautiful building. I'm biased, but it is.
apparently, we want an event management system
Thinking about going to Knotts Berry Farm today hm
Russ/ticular fortitude.....
Going to sleep before 7:30am for the first time in a month >>>>>>>>>>
So glad you enjoyed Dago Joe. O, I like how that sounds. Today we're over by & at 2nd and Lafayette.
that's not good!! Hang in there. Make the docs take that damn thing out
Love how my phone calls people by itself..
HI Jenn. Hope your week has been blessed and you are smiling! Remember God is at your side always! :) HUGS
I tried playing it cool but you've got that
Sushi is awesome!
On that late night creep, heard tht you a freak #Np Yello - Late night creep
Hosting a New Year's celebration? Check out our lighting fixtures that will keep your room bright throught the night!
I'm thinking of taking up tiddlywinks instead of hockey. Does anyone know any friendly Rhode Island leagues?
I'm afraid to follow on Twitter, for fear of an imploding phone. Or worse.
Thank you!
like how to actually make a living ;-)
Thanks Rusko and Bloody Beetroots, for making a 25 minute drive only take about 10
I know I'm a latin nerd, because I just wrote on a paper "Too many gerunds"
Why dont we have better candidates for President?
“: Half of Americans think #SCOTUS justices will rely on their partisan political views in health-care ruling. A good guess
I want to yell, " She's lying to you! He's cheating on you! SHUT THE FUCK UP!?!" but I really don't want to deal with them.
Sweet! When's the race?
lolol I cant retweet your tweets or I would. you got favorited though
Build up in a cooling system reduces airflow and is a cause of compressor failure and indoor air pollution.
G'morning! Good to be here@ #SMBLA!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: The Kerryman - Pub (live updates)
How I do it
I haven't been for years, but I love the Hall and that area. BTW, have you read The Monsters of Templeton? Set in faux Cooperstown.
THANK YOU! So much fun!
CLUB SAGA tonight 18 party 21 to drink arrive early gonna be crazy ill be spinning the hottest joints all night 8779 wurzbach!
U gangbangin on breakfast nigga...smh tht piece n quiet was short lived lbs
patrick...rochelle here. I know who drew p.is. Which catch u refer to?? U saying it was interference?? What???
Give Mom her flowers while she can still smell them...Sis. Hope Moore
Thank you Katie!!
Re-writing my final. First version was way too hard.
freeresortbeach.info New Post - has anybody been.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <c
I've got the new song from and George Strait's new one "Drinkin Man" just for yinz!
Just got to the door for a Honey Baked ham after waiting in line for 45 min.
damn, had been working on Jerry Narron related names all day today
what happen, them niggas ran you out of Taylor so u trynna hide here?
it's going to be interesting next season to see all of the new faces on these NFL morning shows.
plywood, roofing paper, shingles. Or so I assume. I don't really know.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Repition creates expert status!
In Honduras last week. Mini-oasis created by cruise industry - again, I ask myself what the best balance is between culture and cash?
bittersweet graduation though, dont have ANY of my family members here except for my parents and my lil bro..
condol. on Browns loss, please chk out our kickstarter if u can, we would like to "draw" you 4 our fundraiser in Parmatown Mall
Try tonight's Free Play special: The Mighty Mouse Grilled Cheese! 4 kinds of cheese on grilled sourdough served w/ warm tomato soup & chips!
What happened about one hour ago gave me courage .. lmao
THIS UPSETS ME. I'm going to go to sleep now, I'm passing out. Goodnight and sweet dreams. c:
That does make it difficult. But who doesn't like Legos?
Hello, Thursday Beer. You are special and rare in my life.
Start your engines!
Obama's in town!
yes but in order to be a contender hes gonna need to be get some offense. gotta work on a j
to what song? Jeezy?
whats the point in going to school if you're not even going to be there..
DRY HATIN IS NEVA A GOOD LOOK!
>:o) Will we see you at the today??
Come check out the Coyotes Alumni take on the coaches of DYHA at Oceanside ice. Sat 10/22 at 2pm. Proceeds go to youth hockey
PLEASE DO... or a lock of hair... I'd be grateful for either one.
I had soo much fun tonight at practice! Soo HONORED that I was able to play with you & have u as a coach! :D See u 2morrow!
Let's B clear: the Republican plan to "broaden the tax base" by raising taxes on poor is the "class warfare". And all their cand. support it
Some things you just don't forget, like mom's cooking, dad's belt, or your old prison number, but forgetting to buy mac&cheese is just wrong
Timeout on the floor. The game is tied 38-38 with 15:54 remaining
I want to find you at #sxsw and thank you, we love using you - where will you be Saturday?
Boston, Kansas, Las Vegas, Africa, Canada,...stay tuned for the roll call! :)
chile is an open area for us can we skype to discuss how we can help to bring tech into the classroom.
You are the best-est ninja-est. Lemme know when you get dumpling cravings (The govt is totally gonna try to decode this msg).
We're doin the walk for Lupus this sunday here in Denver, It'll be my first walk but we're walking for my sister who has Lupus.
The Met is doing Janacek this week and so are we. Bring a friend or two to Sanders Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30pm
That's really kind of you :) Tell me how sexy they are live? ;) haha
is back from a great trip to Los Angeles
IF I WERE PRESIDENT I WOULD MAKE EVERY ONE DO WHAT I SAY! - PAT FORD*
Arriving at Holton Arms School for a performance for their Creative Summer campers! Hip hop, belly dance, Afro-Carribean and modern!
Last night's example: waiting at Howell & OK nb (no sb bus either) @ 7:35 PM. No bus until 8.
lol thts fine. Ill figure it out. Ill just bring mine if I have to
Aaron, who do you like best on your left - Dwyte or Pawel (day1b seat 10)
Business Tip of the Week: Hold volunteer positions. This is a great way to stay visible and give back to groups that have helped you.
Off to Comcast Death Star on North Avenue to humbly plead for replacement cable box
Have a great Saturday everybody! It's a great day to be a
Oh man! Wish I got to try it. Make it for me next year
You know soda addiction is bad for some when you look over at the car next to you and see a lady drinking a 2 litter from the bottle.
No guarantees at any point in life.
Just got a bundle of Superchunk reissues thanks to and !
I think Peoli is trying to ride the coat tails of the genius that is Bellichick
": If you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them."
Got ma' whole crew tweetin' now!!
you're alive!
If someone is trying to rescue you from cyber bullying they are telling you that you can't handle this on your own.
LAid down for a nap after church and now I'm Just waking up....I missed the whole concert....gotta love being sick 😒
that looks delicious. Enjoy babe & say happy mothers day to my suegra for me
Looks grindingly dull. // RT : Room 301 of the morning Roundtable session at #CITRT. Terrific discussion on how IT roles differ.
sophisticated goons
I HATE NIGGAS THAT'S STUCK ON PITTSBURGH TRAVEL SOMEWHERE I'VE BEEN AROUND THE WORLD
Brrrr It's freezing out there.
Gunna go hard in zumbbaaa w jackie, jackie , ashley , ashleys momm & chelsea (;
sounds like you need a lot of air freshener and hand sanitizer.
I believe in you Day 2 of using a loaner laptop. Cross your fingers that today goes well, lol.
Sounds divine! What are the ratios and do you think that grenadine would work in this?
yeah im gonna need you to get that together lol
What a bitch. :c
Oh hell yeah drinking a #pumking oak aged I'm in heaven
Seriously? That's an easy choice.
Today is the free day at Have you seen 's The World Stage: Israel yet?
what is this TKC Anonymous thing?? Send it to me? I want to see!
Does enthusiasm in social media mean lots of exclamation points??!!!
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. — Isaac Asimov
It wasn't perfect but I want my old life back.
Thanks for the shout out !
Let’s start with introductions. I’m MaryAnn Long your moderator. I’m an independent Mktg Operations Specialist in Milw/Chi
Hi Andrew. Just an FYI...Overall leader gets 50k. Turbo leader gets the Camaro for only $200/buy in 6 times.
Thanks for the follow Be Rad
Killin these kiwis
1 month into professor-ing! amused by the 'did i miss anything important in class?' question
awesome... i shall see you there
well sir, you put oooooooonnnnnn for your city lmfao
Might go for a run though.
After losing key players on offense this offseason how will Philip Rivers and the #Chargers offense fare in 2012?
also, saw the hunger games, good for all it had to accomplished in 2 hr 20 min. however,lacked emotional depth. Jennifer Lawrence was great.
SteelSeries QcK. and made me do it.
No words.
Assist Craig Smith
alright we will! Session tonightt?? Ima buy some bud aswell.
May is gonna be a good month
Collaboration across diff. depts (w/ diff. language) is hard! Calls attention to importance of scholar w/ multiple skills (theory, practice)
Tom Felton!!!Duh who else would it be haha
Causey "Journalism is solution"
burquedesign thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
i feel distant and have a headache from jealous people.. i need new friends!
what is this? on Twitter? and I thought he said NFW!
Get the March Madness iPhone App. It's awesome and clear as a bell!
Just 24 hours ago , I was in your arms <3
thank you!!!
Aww thanks so much...ok good glad I was making sense :)
Lost in a zoo I saw many animals.. Mouse BIRD Monkey haila ! U 2
Bye bye Wayne county
happening? Or wishful thinking??
Nothing to lose
Quiero CAT y lo quiero YA!
That's a lot of PBJ's!! “: The Mega Millions jackpot for Friday's drawing is now estimated at $540 million. #MegaMillions”
You never know how useful Acrobat is until some 'friend' accidentally deletes it.
for hym to ever
Email me and I'll send you some free shit!
I love you more! (and really want pancakes, dammit.)
I just signed a petition condemning this outrageous act.
Huge thanks to all the wonderful people at #Mintex12 today! Many more!
Playin sit & go's on Poker Stars
I feel flu-like :(
A lyrical rhyme for your future use: mashuppy, hushpuppy. You're welcome.
Landrieu just said sth abt black men who "really may look scary."He says "u can tell me to shut the hell up." I wish!
RT 2Tix for Ted Leo & The Pharmacists at Bell House (Brklyn). Friday Dec 30th at 8pm. Reply by 4pm, 1 Tweet Chosen at Random.
Brooke White isn't a too bad at acting...
Breakfast tacos!
UK are you shitting me? :P americaine = horrible / francaise = ca existe? :O
Ice on the streets, fire on the DC Metro... Commuter's apocalypse.
Awesome! I'm looking forward to it! See you there in a few!
why do you think most managers are worse?
Thank buddy =) I will send you details when I have them
I've been super happy with webfaction. You can easily run several small sites on one account.
exactly! I don't share with people who don't share with me.
I'm cool with the argument that you can be healthy and fat, but I'm not so down with undermining healthy eating practices for every1
And he puzzled and puzzled ’till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn’t before.
Since the +#WomenBuild~^~ inception in 1998, #volunteers have constructed more than 1,800 houses, including 6 in #Miami-Dade County.
thank you for the Mention!!! May God richly bless your day!
I'm surprisenly not the jealous type . Cuz if I can't trust my bf , how can I expect him to trust me
"we have laze accuracy"
we just picked up a new pre-amp and a new compressor for the studio. oh baby so tasty!
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night...LAMILL is OPEN today and our coffee clinic @ 10am will go on as planned! See you then!
thank you, but I know I rarely be out around folks to and we are good he's getting big and smart
Transformers 4 was the Business! Not buy a house and I might introduse you to the stars j/k
Ready to leave School bro '.'
wow, impressive!
Not the best day but #BoyzHitABDCagain will deff make it all better
you never tweet me anymore
Love that!
#icantlivewithout music, its my escape from the everyday crappy world than annoys me.
Read poems by Langston Hughes. Enjoyed a lovely dinner party hosted by the College Prez. Prepped for a wknd getaway w/ Paul.
#DjpaulX. Will be in the mix tonight at foothill lounge...
haha. I think its fair to say that those legs have been dia-beating us!
Im in love with Nessa she calls me and tells me dont go make no line's for the 4's cause i got em for you baby <3 shes on point
How do you bookmark tracks in the new pandora? #help!
Putting a lot of work into the site this week. Cant wait for it to go live!
Wangs Wings voted "Best Wings" by the 20% OFF Wangs Wings! Only w/ a
And, of course, thanks to our partners in crime, the very shiny It was an amazing weekend.
he who is on
CAUSE YO JUNKY ASS ALWAYS GOT CHANGE PUSSY!...
Hey, man, it's not like DePaul isn't without its diversity. Oh, wait... Hope you're up to something good!
she was?? Ohh ok. Ok Jeffrey is freaken adorable. He's my new favorite man. Can't wait for all of us to hang out. Tienes tu hotel?
Just played #Madden13 with RGIII OMG! Kudos
who wants to go to AC with me next week? borgata 1600 reentry, wsopc 1600 reentry, and one of the most beautiful cities in the world?
i love this fuckin beat
Great tweetup! Thanks for arranging everything. Great bar.
IF NOT NOW WHEN
Just took my first Contemporary Dance Class with Kaelyn Gray! Ouch! But it felt so good inside!
What he, what he don't knowww
Tune into WIIFM (What's In It For Me). Make sure you let the audience knows exactly what is in it for them.
Millie and Alex
HERO or VILLAIN? YOU DECIDE: 1/31/1606 Guy Fawkes dies in jump to escape the hangman's noose for his roll in the Parliment Gunpowder Plot.
when a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn't mean she's complaining, it means she trusts you.
It was fun to see you. Great place for a "hello".
Did you know that wine was once a truth serum…or maybe it still is…
TOO BAD CAMPPSSS
Scream if you were born THIS WAY!
Did anyone else cry a little tear of joy when Cthulu began destroying Burning Man? Best year ever!
Makes no difference whether a Beamer Benz or Bentley is the car you in
RT : RESTATING Q3: Is there such a thing as phone interview etiquette?
Judge trying to reach Riseling to come back or testify by phone.
Thanks for resizing my photos to create better pictures! ♥ your work & the cust. svc. is the tops, I am one happy client. :)
Wow #TweetBot is awesome.
Heard of 'dance like no one can see', but never 'dance like you are writing end user docs'. My lack of dance skills, explained.
Fish baking in the oven. to juice or not to juice, that is the question. Maybe i'll juice something that doesnt require any major effort
Stop. Spackle time.
wat makes u say that?RT Most parents are the genesis and cause of lesbianism.
If your morals make you dreary, depend on it , they are wrong.
i saw it mentioned on quora a while ago, but it looks like it's iphone only? (please correct me if i'm wrong!)
SA reclaimed the top listener spot with Rhythm & Jazz Radio Sunday but Seattle, Milwaukee, Dallas/Ft Worth and Houston are closing in!
Rajon Rondo hits jumper at 3:47, now has triple double. Rondo has 11 points, 11 rebounds, 15 assists. Still 6 turnovers, though.
A touchdown. I just wet my pants.
Omg #serena and dan
will be on June 9th!!!!!
this is their way of saying anything the trucks can do we can do better
Easter dinner: ham, salmon, #pdx farmer's mkt carrots, Gramma Judy's potatoes, antipasto & veggies, spinach salad, strawberry cupcakes, wine
get it buddy!!
TRUTH RT DirecTV CEO Mike White said he looks at NFL Sunday Ticket as loss leader in order to retain customers.
ohh i will!
what you doing
The Holy Bible states "Judge not lest ye be Judged"
I need to know what to do when that time comes lol
no ms paint is for graphic art fobs
Yes, keep going. I don't want to see the Yankees in the WS again. Jinx away!
I seriously JUST had a conversation about that, it's unacceptable!
Listening to someone explain how to play sudoku to someone else whilst also explaining how to use a touchscreen is so interesting.
I really wanna be a dancer. A professional ballet dancer, to bad I'm too late for that dream
Looks like I'm watching a movie by my self cause is gay!
I agree! You look great!
P.s. i am a bit under dressed today ... woops ha
#loweredexpectations RT Yeah so I def enjoyed the avengers more than this fight.
VIJ'S AT HOME: RELAX, HONEY by Vikram Vij & Meeru Dhalwala - celebrated Indian restaurant/chefs in Vancouver. Great early LJ review!
FOLLOW BACK...IM ZACK SCOTT'S NEPHEW..
It is!!! Hop 'n Shop, Wine 'n Dine...what's not to love.
What language is this guy (Griff) speaking?
It's my dads b day today. I am so thankful for him... Adopted us when I was 5! He is truely our Guardian ANGEL! Proud to be a
IM GOING!
“: BIG SHOUT OUT TO kelso varsity!!! Especially and the boy !!! Great job boys” who r u
That's awfully convenient of them. :) Thank you again!
What a great day for Madison's first farmer's market this year. Get the spicy cheesybread fresh from the oven. Delicious!
Study Abroad Myth: I should study abroad my junior year. FACT: The "best" time to go is different for everyone. Visit CIE for more info!
Almost forgot that today is The Dance!
Honored to be speaking at my alma mater, the University of Maryland, today about sports journalism
Can believe its May 1st.
yea did u see the 2 ladys with the odd hats haha!
can u post the link to ch1 of ur fanfic please :) i really wanna read it but i wanna start from the begining :)
lol, Chris Brown a do you like he did rhianna boy !
Ugh. Vegas.
Things that need to stop....bullying
that seems like a good use for Times.
I'm buZzed off my ass right now and everything still seems like boring
I'm sure that officer enjoyed sitting in on the meeting for 3 hours.
Such a gorgeous day out, glad I get to spend all 24 hours of it at work...
I'm a secret truth....
RT : Got my ballot today. Can't wait for the debate!
So long you're gone.. THIS IS THE BREAKUP SONG!! #TheBreakupSongbyAmericanHiFi<3
#21CRadio A2 He said they gave everyone wristbands that lit up in rhythm to the music
but I was an 86er, so the 80s wouldn't bother me I guess! Lol
Refreshing Ped. Pal Foot scrubby "Polar bear smooches" has Tea tree, Rosemary, Peppermnt, Menthol crystals wakes up those tired grumpy feet
We agree!
Nice to see active in the twitter world!
I've decided to end this pain by ending this war with myself. Ive lost everything I ever wanted and im stranded alone it's time to end me.
=) rt “: awww that's sweet but I've finished my run in the show! But they should still see it!”
it's a matter of time if the right grp gets in charge, all of that will change!
We're about to blow your feed up, brace yourselves... <3
No more fish fry dinners or (also fried) potato pancakes. No more!
My number one reply from my cousin when I call him crying is 'its going to be okay booboo, ill beat their ass, dont worry I love you' lol.
Once, I tried to post racial and go to a mall salon. Had to chop 5 inches to repair.
...although watching the video while driving would be more hilarious. we'll see how that works. not too many moms on the road.
"Steve Martin is sending Oscar updates."-Mary "Steve Martin from Jamaica?" -Mandy Whitenack
Tonight, I drove by my old gym in Memphis -- the place where I worked so hard to reshape my body and self-image prior to my wedding. (more)
Gary Hayes Social Media counts, items on various forms of social media, as you watch - and projects into future wp.me/ps3nS-rY
you can have mine then! Haha ;)
RT via : CONGRATS SAC! Looks like we r getting a new sports & Entertainment complex, finally!
THAT was the result of #poorchoices >> RT : I saw you on campus the other day... You weren't wearing pants!! 😜
Had to use the restrooms in 30th Street Station at 11pm. I now have several brand new phobias.
Home gonna eat something than off to train some more!
RT? FAVRE ON THE GROUND FAVRE ON THE GROUND LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WHEN FAVRES ON THE GROUND HAHA
Digging out on the east side? Send us some Farwell pics.
Had my world rocked by on Saturday night. Hoping I wasn't the pretty girl in the front row he was referring to...
Great job on the shoot today everyone!
The on Watts is once again on my list. They forgot my nacho cheese for like the 10th time.
~Marcus Aurelius~ Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
nows your chance :-)
I'll never be able to call Ron Artest "Metta World Peace"...that nigga will ALWAYS be Ron Artest...lol
Sounds intelligent to me. :)
and parent trap omg
#LeapYear freakout! Already hearing about watches who think it's March 1st
Goodnight everyone(:
Do you know you just followed Sade's biggest fans since the 1980s?! We just saw her in Denver a few months ago. Welcome!
were good bruh, no worries
If you love something set it free if it comes back it was meant to be
dawn & ericson sit down over tea in sf, missing your voice already. glasses raised, to the cat and his author
Party at Identity Cancelled for tonight please please spread the word...
LOD: organized into nodes & links: every piece of info has a subject, a predicate, & object. ex. [JonVoss][follows][NYPL] on twitter
Thank you for NOT showing the #Gophers during the reception at #mnclassics last night.
Attention Staff and Students due to a change in weather conditions Bramson ORT will be closed on Monday December 27, 2010.
So many creeps
Give us a call & find out why we are the most recommended remodeling company in Texas! 512-453-5858
makes me want to be a taxonomist. well, not really. makes me want to hire a good taxonomist.
Angela!!! When will you invite us back???
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one #GeorgeWashington #quote - Let #TermPaperDom fulfill your academic needs to avoid bad excuses
On the precibus of a great change.. not sure what it is but I can see God working and I am excited to see what this change will mean..
#FezFriday this is Rex the Impossible the Moose in Glendale. It's his if he wins. Yeah?
Well that changed my mind.
One of those days where everything annoys the shit out of me ...
Sorry to hear that your house was broken into, but you should check out our app! Its to help you after a break in!
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.” Brian Littrell
hey lady! all is well. loving SF. how are you? what's the latest?
In that gulf tourism commercial, I don't think that guy is from Alabama. Will post Hollandude top ten albums of 2011 later today.
Have you seen the message I sent you?
My clone army is vast and strategically deployed.
It's ironic that The Glee Project airs on Oxygen because when I watch it, it feels like i'm inhaling Cyclon B
So excited for Daniel Tosh tonight
you hit the nail on the head.
Van Halen is coming to Columbus, Ohio on August 2nd. Oh Yeah.
#AutoCorrect just substituted "Ballet" for "Baller". That's totally un-baller.
MY ACCOUNT IS HACKED!!
Another choke job for Lebron, can't pass that to Haslem!
your welcome ;)
I love pretzels.
Dear guy crossreferencing stuff on his iPhone with stuff on his iPad: you're in too deep, man. Too deep.
LIBRARY PEOPLE GO OUTSIDE WHERE IT'S NICE. GAH. (take me with you)
Seriously I put you food carts through college and no one wants to roll by GK today? 150 people here wanting food later.
alone alone alone.. word ta kat williams lol
I seriously need my PS3 controller, I'm so mad that I left it at a friend's house.
the beat plays.. your hips sway and I understand.. fluent in the universal language of dance
I'm about to watch hangover part 2
Yeah men......we are a family,Big family:)
Lol= This conversation isnt going anywhere and I dont want to talk to you anymore.
it's an amazing feeling!
Autumn evenings will fade away, but our memories are here to stay.
No panic yet for Kansas. Just steady and staying the course with poise. They're weathering the storms. Now need to turn the heat up!
In case you are not moving nearer to what you want in sales, you probably aren't doing enough asking.
We just picked up new batch of "I ❤ Chicago Sex Workers" shirts = literally #HOToffthepress!! still warm! Pink, Red, Grey, Black & Brown
more like everyday
Ha, no apologies necessary. I found it to have no charm, confusing story, personality-free star, chemistry-free romance...
“: khart all day. thank you ” yes haha...Get money!!!
is there a reason my evo 4g keeps restarting itself? i've had it since april or may of last year. had problems with hero before. WTF!
I feel like dying
LOL, UR famous ! UR definitely strange but hey, different strokes for different folks! Not hurting anyone so it's all good
.% of our guests are homeless veterans.
I need it. Where do I buy?!
96 D'Yquem is pure peach & honey.
Watch, listen, and learn. You can not know it all yourself.. any individual who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.
BREAKING NEWS: Prominent Orlando Attorney Dan Newlin has been arrested for DUI.
was it a"handy" man?lmfao
Help us to help others! Join "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment" on Facebook. Memebers donate $1 per month to charity.
I hope the hawks win this series and all the celtics just fucking retire lol
A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
Waking up from sucha good dream>>
I need a new Buddy.
just finished watching a bloomberg story about the google founders...feeling inspired.
Great! Stay tuned, shirts will be coming out soon.
This guy is the cutest! Is he yours?
Extremely excited to have a big piece of the puzzle just fall into place.
How does go about preventing teen pregnancy?
O Mysterious one, we also struggle to see your face. In the midst of darkness, evil and suffering.
Commute from the new apt to the office = 18 minutes walking.
Thanks--have a great Thanksgiving
is appreciating the rain. No more event planning! Being here, now.
Among the worst perspectives on human evolution I've not been able to sit through.
yes I did, I was on vacation. How about you did you, have a nice Labor Day weekend? My mother really like Betty Boop.
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Liam:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
Only if they can surf!
Yay. Friday the 13th. Today should be nice.
#Grannyquotes Whenever i'm changing, my grandma walks in the room screaming "TSHIRT TIME" and starts fistpumpin
I agree!!
np. Just let me know specs, info and timeline
Only have school till 1 :) get paid today whoop
Lmfaoooo ": im about to shoot these chinese people talking about some "come owside" and they not here"
Dear distance ; eff you.
how was R5?!
": What others think about you is not important. What you think about yourself means everything."
...the goal has been reached but they can use extra dollars! This event supports BLVD & features ! Seattle, take note.
Good morning! I think winter is here to stay. All outdoor plants frozen, ice in the water bowls, and baby it's cold outside! Staying in!!
Landed in Chicago. Time to drive to MKE.
No, girls dont just wanna have fun. We take it fast, take it slow, we can come undone.
but Joe Rudi did end up playing for the Sox...so I went with just fingers
#sm Tip: Wrap brand message w/ interesting content to form a long term relationship
Ken Raske: Why are hospital re admissions so high? Discharges to nowhere. Without supportive housing we can not combat re admission rate.
HAIL SOUTHERN!!!
What's embarrassing about that?? I also love the jalapeno jam burger and we're glad you did too! Enjoy your day.
Pompey was betrayed by his own people and run through. He could have used a little reliable Asian steel.
I think you're a great writer and editor. Explaining a thought accurately, briefly, and with a sense of humor is underrated
#Coachella2012 lineup is awesome! Now I can only hope the free-ticket-fairy will be visiting me.
Creatively you can work in ways that you never thought possibly. All the highlights and all the shadows right in front of you to play with.
“: I said that first grant!” fuck yourself tulo
hi i am nominated as a free vpn user by TUVPN.how can i get and avail this offer
Hope you're safely in Florida's arms,
I read and liked it and A SHORT HISTORY at almost the same time, before realizing they were by the same person.
Such a great day today. Gonna be hard to go home.
is a loser who takes 3,000 photos and then tweets about it :) on my account... :) #eyeroll ANNOYING.... ;)
Back from the orthopedic... the walking cast stays for another 2 weeks.
#ff Amazing #SocialMedia ! Join us in person or online
Ha!!!! My son hating on
Oh how my long week starts today 😔. Cant wait till its over !
Good Luck Today ...
what's your favorite part doing in Lopez Tonight? and. When you gonna have Victoria Justice? rcks means rock
who cares u melt brains :) WOW THERE'S ACTUALLY A SKRILLEX HATE PAGE ON FB WITH A BUNCH OF PICTURES OF ME WHEN I WAS 16! CREEEPPY!
what I realized from watching this guy play guitar: everyone has something awesome they can do, 2nd nature whether its fingers on a guitar,
Just got in Diner Journal out of Brooklyn! Come and get some great food writing and creative recipes including Grilled Turkey w/ Porchetta
Hope everyone had a great 4/20.:)
"How do you have sex with a CAR?" "Mainly just alot of rubbing up against it..." #MyStrangeAddiction AHAHAHAHAAAAA!
Thanks! Merry Christmas!
I think I should create a Skype for moments like these. Honestly, I'm just a lonely guy most of the time that misses my friends.
Good Morning! You cant beat B-Fast Tacos on a Friday or (hint) at your Holiday Party! Send us an e-mail to make it happen. :)
Frosting our peanut butter triple layer cakes with dark chocolate ganache. Creamy heaven.
Im loving all the work that's coming my way yesterday had 2 photo shoots, a music video, & mtv casting call! Busy busy and loving every min!
'hand raised'
My mana be tryna make everybody think she's the victim, when in reality, she's the suspect !!!!!
I finally got on with my phone.
Thankfully, he didn't have a weapon. The bus stayed at the stop (which everyone loved) while we argued. Then he was ejected.
Soo glad to hear that Colin! I will be calling you Friday to ask a few q's.
San Antonio: Clouds/sun & breezy. South Texas will be cloudy, Wet, and Breezy Wed thru Sat. Today: Clouds/Sun, breezy. High 72.
She sent me a nude pic, my reply. That shit is Wack tho.
There is free WiFi at the Convention Center except for the exhibit hall and at the official conference hotels.
I love
hahah love it
Headed to the Cape for the day with Christine and Malfi
Even my existential crises are having existential crises today. Everything just seems open to question. And this is a good thing.
I am writing a children's book this summer...how cool would it be to write a collaborative book with kids as the creators?!
it don't sound like you kidding that much. Lol
he wont
HAPPY HATCH DAY BITCH! Yeah that's right, you were hatched from an egg.
Would love to hear more about your critiques of SCOT
Small screens force us to put user needs first.
Where'd April go? Time is going by way too fast for my liking
According to a “Time Magazine Survey”, 59% of Americans would rather sit in a Dentist’s chair than sit next to someone on a cell phone.
awe thanks. That's me ;D
#FridayListens Audio re-read of THE OTHER LANDS, Book 2 of David Anthony Durham's brilliant ACACIA trilogy. Read if you like
Happy Mothers Day :]
happy birthday <3 i hope it is a good one.. for whats left of it atleast :)
That may have something to do with you being a lesbian.
gnu has this protein I'm about to start taking called gnc lean protein it got really good reviews as far as the help it gives b
I don't care about his beliefs I've just never liked him won't start cause people tell me I should
Finally! A #J345 presentation that didn't default into the Super Bowl. Well done, MADinteractive. Nicely played,
H.I.T interval...#done4!
Another day another ARCH project. #green #green energy
Chillin at The Nick in Birmingham. Good crowd already and no ones even set up yet! -MWM
Me either. I think the Cards are going to succeed in the post season again too this year.
great job in the movie you where my favorite lol it really show a different range for your talents so great job love it
Did you know that less than 5% of lost cats make it home? Even indoor cats are at risk. Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped.
Will do thanks for sharing. Sorry for the late reply!
That I should seek therapy ASAP.
Skunk hunting below the top of Strawberry Hill, south side.
What a great suggestion.. You are so right! Sons needed to hear the speech. You sound like a great Dad and Roll Model:)
about to go play some tennis before working tonight on production schedule for REVOLVING DOOR...
the #rangers coach is an asshole
He hit on my date. I remember that much.
i am to please :)
Can I go even though I'm neither young or professional? RT 13 days til Education Conversation with 4 TIX LEFT
That would be awesome! It would be great to see sympotic studies offering more holistic data on 'elite practices.'
and i can sit here and say ill take your girl and beat the shit out of you afterwards cuz i know i can, but what will that prove? nothing
I hate I phone chargers
Listening to The Score by The Fugees. Damn! Such a classic. About wreck Bikram. 8pm class, day number 16 of 100. Where is Lauryn Hill?
it was great to meet you today! Love your heart for serving & making a difference in the lives of kids!
Free fry friday sucks lol
F U Doan!
Vegan lemon pistachio cupcakes in the hizzy!!!!
If radio stations are having boyband contests, they should be required to play boyband songs 24hrs a day.
Jus ate some Wendy's :}
Hey in Robinson -- thanks for a great haircut! Katie is the best!
Actually it's quite a high E natural. :)
Really? Safety?
Goggles Up!
hip hip hooray! Thanks!
yeah safe house looks good to - this star wars ish is ridiculous line around the block
what game are you guys going to be covering?
See you bitches at training on Monday!
i knew you'd take advantage of the word "anywhere" lmao
Congratulations to the White Cloud High School Class of 2011!! Today is your day- enjoy it!! :)
either feel it or try to kill it
I wish the july 20th game was here in Jacksonville..my wife and i would be in attendance cheering you on..
I've been missing #southbeach and everyone and everything at home! And I'm teaching this weekend in Miami.
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing. Emo Philips
Checked it out. Closest would be the Roanoke festival in May.
In honor of the Miracle Mile Art Walk, we're opening the museum doors for FREE to all, 12 to 6 pm tomorrow!
I thought it said "ripped whores cares"
RT : Korver was wide open and you KNEW he was going to hit that. #CHIvsDET----->EXACTLY!
im gonna have a heart attack! saint fucking iker!
"Good God in heaven almighty....we've got a cataclysmic situation developing..." I would do anything to be there when it hits!
Received my DVD's of #WatershipDown and #PlagueDogs from Amazon today. Cannot wait to compare the two.
People Wonder Why I don't want to Live in the Republican South because of the Injustice of Criminal Systems of Blacks in this Country!
Looking like Heat and Mavs... What ya think?
Concert with at Alfaro's!!!
Cold day in the burgh.
I thought it was an innertube
oh ur one of those kind of girls
When my mom brings up having a guy as conversation as were driving in the car. #thatswhenyouknow #deanaproblems?
but that would put out the fire. Let's keep that flame eternal.
Everybody FAKE #LessonLearned .!
is opening an office in Detroit! Sweet! The city will really benefit from your presence.
Next Ingnite Chicago is July 28th (Thursday) at 7pm, thoughts?
THANK YOU! Why only 1 (not intuitive at all) way to do something so basic? Abt ready to throw this whole Mac in the trash can.
haha well it's all work this month and the next for me. But, the bagels and eggs soften the blow. And some OJ. m
Kobe is going to be so sick if they lose. But I'm not shocked that Denver is not backing down at all cause they are a gritty team
O u doing it now
In honor of World MS Day, please sign up to ride in the Best Dam Bike Ride. The Ride is great fun! MS is anything but! www.wisms.org
We've changed our twitter handle to make it easier for our clients to find us! Follow for #immigration updates!
I love Kaiser!
yall need some beats over there?
we should be growing now
#boycottrush advertisers & Don't be the last to hold on.
This weather is just,sexy
Send me a link to your mixes / podcasts. If they're dope I will repost them !
Eat em w/ chz RT : I have about 90 unanswered emails and I really don't know what I'm going to do with them all. What do you?
Oh man, now i wanna know the rest. It's all about the details ... ;)
'Even tho you may be afraid abt many things, don't be afraid to allow God to do His work in you, looking into the deepest part...
Goof Troop annd Dark Wing Duck was my shyt
is that it? I thought it was like 14 haa
Let us know when the post is up! I'll be eager to read it.
Someone in the office just yelled "No!!!" when they announced Manny Parra was warming up.
One day ill be tha main women worried bout tha otha women lol but until than i hv no worries...
lol - I happen to like Pinterest a lot & wonder why more men aren't on it!
If I get up to 100 followers on this account then I will follow 20 of you guys on my other account!
Why are brunettes so proud of their hair? It matches their mustache. btw i love Brunettes ;)
You crack me up. Drake is the reason for #yolo. RT : Did Drake really just say #yolo in the motto?
Mm m good! Cant wait til Sat 9/17/ I love dumplings & so does most everyone at Single Stop USA
The New Year is approaching fast...
Nol I'm up for today, what yall got up for today?
I'm so bored..
Thanks for the follow!
ALABAMA SHAKES
how rude
np! I need more followers! Help me get to 1k! xoxoxo
Well that kaiser roll was simply delicious.
Nice room! I see you made it safely!
“If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.”
Inquiring minds wanna know just how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
when their voters are dumber than they are.
Damn I didn't know he was that old, but then again all Asians look young. I'm often mistaken for a teenager
Anti-nutrition is pollution in the air water and food we eat.
I'm so excited! Been a year since I've been to a playoff game!
Sleep, I've missed you. I think after a night of trips and falls, I deserve some quality time with you.
thank you
You're inspiring JLin. We need more Asian-American role models like you out there. Keep it up!
Jason Pierre Paul single handedly won the game tonight first score of the game crunch time tackle and game saving block
Talking to realtors about our poor buying choices in 2005 makes me furious. I just want to burn all manmade structures to the ground.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
lol he forever driving reckless, I love him man
Louie got game! ;)
kris, how long will you guys be living there for?
the King.
