Tweeted that yesterday! GREAT MINDS =)
why can't you??
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1987 #U2 filmed their video "Where the Streets Have No Name" on a rooftop in #LosAngeles,
I thought Ike desegregated the army?
I am thankful that my brother knows how to cook a delicious turkey!
This Celtic Philly series is freaking good!!
O I bet! I tried learning but I was too nervous. Automatic for this gal ;)
any alcoholic beverages when you saw that #UFO ?!
thank you for your check-in on Foursquare! We hope you enjoyed your time with us in San Diego!
Why when we have our own opening in a few days?
Ohh hells no ! You like him ? You have to go out with him !
Early nominee for "Worst NCAA Tournament TV Driving"award: left last two seconds of a 1pt game to see first half of FSU-StB. Rook.
Faer: "Students caught up in court are 3 times more likely not to graduate"
Pas The Day! “God Is In The House” – Isaiah 6:4 God can shake things up without even moving. What a mighty God we serve! Be Encouraged!
Nay Nay!
I will never speak to you again if you wear one of those!
Thanks for brunching with me. Together we make the best Mexican EVER!
After disturbing the meeting and abandoning my pursuit I did in fact manage to get the top level off and get caffeinated. :)
#youmakeme want to laugh and smile : )
Answer e-mails from junior people before senior ones. Junior people have further to go and tend to remember who slighted them. N. Taleb
This game is going exactly as I thought it would.
G You Tweekin. Them Be Banging.
Boston loves what American Idol brings to itunes lol. Keep it up!! Follow back?
I was drinking on that pinnacle & yeungling beer or some shit like that lol
The first-serve tank finally ran on empty. I say Seppi closes it out. (In other words, there's hope, Isner fans.)
It's Wednesday afternoon. How's your week going?
Ah, my oh my you are the fakest of them all!
Barely any hw tonight!
I'm off to bed. you should email ! He's like the dev team evangelist.
RT The #InternPro chat was lively
Follower number 70, heck yea! I'm moving up in the world :p
is glad is able to make it.
Super excited to connect with you all again :)
It so hard to change ur profile pic on an ipad
Super Session 100+ hands raised when asked who was playing Halo. Second Life: 30 raised hands.
Soo who has a gif boom? I only have like 2 followers...
Great picks :)
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes... That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.
Thanks! I still can't believe I'm in Belgium. It's all so surreal!
Yes. At ramming speed.
Richard Meier & Partners talk about how Aztec pyramid architecture influenced their new Mexico City skyscraper: bit.ly/wZELOq (via )
Don't get me wrong my thoughts if I'm mad can be somewhat illwilled but I got nothing on some of y'all
lol i'm speaking the real! might get a purse or sumn ha
Glad you enjoyed it! RT I'm at a great seminar for #NFC at #DSE2012. Thanks to for informative captivating discussion!
if You Wanna know SomeThing :: Askk Bitchh
Just sent of the first of many, many payments toward my grad school loans. Oh sad day.
Sounds like a friend of mine
These campaigns are so carefully stage-managed; I desperately want one to come down to a convention floor fight
it was totally fun! Can't wait to hang with y'all again soon!
All branches of University Libraries are closed today due to the UNM closure.
Seems like we should be at a #nats game today given this weather!!! :)
Every time I hear the song 'How Will I Know' I think of starting high school. OMG, am I old!
We reached the Climax..
My time at is just Great. The wait staff is great. Very knowledgable.
I was totally digging "Spunderground" last night w/ Bomb Shel. Driving some teenagers around and they were into it too.
it has only been like 10 hours since you told me...still coping.. Sorry..
Skipped an open-bar(!) company Christmas party to sit with the edit. #filmmakersarentallowedsociallives It's starting to feel like a movie!
Getting ready to head to Miller Park. Opening Day is always fun even if you're working it.
I,m lovin my old Ibanez BTB 6 string more+more! the stock pickups and factory 18 volt preamp are SUPER!!...I love this(non-boutique) bass!
yes I like frozen yogurt, but sometimes I got to have my ice cream
why u say that
Keep hope alive... You've got a better chance of GOOG or APPL buying them and getting a stock bump then.
a known entity is someone who has success in museums, with curators, directly with collectors, with critics, etc. So yes.
It definitely is!! I've been doing it for 36 years:-)
Don't you dare listen to her!
Watching Austin & Ally with my sister
i miss someone , someone to take me how
Good morning world..... Finally off work.... That had to be the longest 8hrs of my WHOLE ENTIRE life! Lol
it's all good Thanx for the return following
Hell of a time to teach us now...
Hey thanks for tweeting my article on !
I guess I should start on my presentation for my speech tomorrow.
how u been?
Just saw Philly got eliminated by NJD; I will sleep good tonight
Maybe im in love. Oh well.
probably not within the next half hour... wanna go at like 12? I'll probs be going to Miller after.
Otp watching laugh at my pain
Something scary happening at #140cuse people actually talking to each other IRL #yikes. Thanks Great meeting
Dude! is all over the news. So proud! Keep up the great work.
Who has a good suggestion for a cheap but delicious cocktail for the lake this wknd?
Short version: You're hogging the Internet! Do a crossword or something! Isn't it almost 0400 there?
IN MOTION PERFORMING ARTS CENTER WILL BE :) OPEN :) MONDAY FEBRUARY 20TH FOR ALL CHILDRENS AND ADULT CLASSES!!
I love this! If it's OK, can I post it on my blog?!
SAME HERE! #topofthe4thpage once i get to the top of the 6th page, i'm stopping. i can't do this
Sitting here tryna figure it all out.. Hum.. LOL =)
My dog scratched me.....
makers of sweater vests everywhere will be disappointed.
It�s great to be great, but it�s greater to be human
And what should that tell us about the nature and function of public debt? Outrage against those wars? Very little.
Monday morning meeting - at least someone brought donuts!
I bet! Well early congrats and give T a big happy birthday hug for me
Aaron Rovan connects Newsies to Street Arab trope in 19th Century Children's Literature.
get up get down, three steps down, my dj gonna break it down.. :)
Just secured Hamptons on King for Thursday night bar sponsor! The perfect patio for us!!!
Some people don't know what to say out of their mouths and some people can't take what they say out of it.
#Shoutout to Lebron for missing them #Clutch free throws lol
Told by a #cle restaurant mgr that macallan 18 was "market price" at $42. It's $25 in times square. Market, my left foot.
I got nothing to worry about 😏😏😏
RT": Because i care i ended up careless."
I need a drink. And soon I shall have one.
I never thought Gabriel was all that, Washington is badder. ": she ain't messing with Gabriel Union! Nobody is!"
is going IN on AC360!
Dear Obama...if you legalize weed,you would be terrific!
i love you!!!
Nothing like feeling professionally incompetent right before a long weekend.
RT hahaha....amazing. And nicely done. / Sharing is caring.
haha yeah i know...i use it mainly to just follow and stalk celebrities...
NO iM NOT..iM JUST BEiNG HONEST..iTS A WRAP...
Tried at lunch to get on #pinterest. Site crashed twice and stole my name and email each time. THATS what everyone is excited about?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME....
its on a show called river mosters Unhooked
oy. Im slightly speechless on what is going on right now
The panda has been hibernating, but will be coming out soon!
Thanks for the RT!
has a Tom Waits song stuck in his head. Sadly, karaoke places rarely have Tom Waits.
tis a pleasure!
Engagement = Value add that is leveraged w #media buyers 'We have more than an audience, we have an engaged audience'
go with your gut the show is where it's at
love the new fish bar
Tonight... DRINK.EAT.DANCE @ THE ATTIC W/ DJ SWAYZE & ONASILE. NO COVER!
: excitement in Dublin for an all-Irish rugby match this Saturday at Twickenham. Leinster to win???
I just pimped out a trash can with stencils
true, but it's more common for tweeters to ask athletes/celebs for retweets to be satisfied, not even a personalized message lol
Nathan Sykes from The Wanted looks just like Christian Beadles just an older version (: MEGUSTA
Yeah, you walk in they get you to buy one then put you in line. They said nothing but books but he was signing other stuff.
KMA is very proud to continue to be part of your music. Keep it up bro, the record is great!
Can't make it through this game.. Work early . Hawks game tomorrow need to b awkae for :-)
Releasing the first of five videos from The HotBox sessions tonight.
Best album of the year.
Dear teacher, When 90% of us fail, it isnt because we didnt try, its because you're a terrible teacher. Sincerely, your students.
just used the word goody. I was reverting to my 12 year-old self.
Happy Monday, hope everyone had a great St. Patrick's Day weekend. Save 17% off in-store or online with check out code. IRISHLOVE2012
Prayers sent!
Ice Ice baby??? Is this wack song night??.
Miller punch-top can. Nice. No one can devise a solution in search of a problem like a beer company.
Thank you, Scott.
If I'm the father of the graphic novel, I want a paternity test. - Art Spiegelman
God answers our prayers. He reveals things to us, which we can choose to Explore or Ignore!"
*eyes glaze over*
THE EVIL HAS FALLEN!!! This is why you don't celebrate befor the season starts. Heat+Big3=Not so much lol
that's OK. I was a little drunk and ended up watching quite a few walking videos.
I have such a big heart, and so much love to give - yet I have no one to give it to.
Squinting makes the pupil smaller to let in less light. It doesn't damage your vision.
1st real laugh 2day RT makes big push for #BuffettRule: "Some people claim there's a woman to blame. I disagree."
Go follow she follow back,!
haha I'm not..just saying bernys,have a nice night.
40 days have past this year and my home town has had 41 murders somethings wrong with that picture
ok i followed her LOL
Hey hey hey it's Friday, ya knoooowwww...
Any chance he wants to come out of retirement and take over for Weeks?
hey hunni how are you my love
& just leave! Lolol
That's just what Voldo needed to be less freaky: a spider on his crotch.
Good morning!
why don't you actually tweet at her haha. You going to the game tomorrow?
LOL yea u right on that and the south beach comes out on my bday I just know its gonna be pack for those
Finishing pass pages and hoping for rain so I can get the shot I need for the Sparks trailer...
I'm not judging lol **sips hot chocolate**
Ah....I see we do the same thing with different outcomes though.
that would be HELL to the YES
lol you felt left out
I couldn't be more on board. Damn this distance!
Hmm thoughts on if Metta will change things tomorrow...
Next laser tattoo removal session is due soon, it's gonna hurt, I kinda like pain b.c. it take the focus off the emotional hurt.
Yuurr the bestest of the best
how many you need and where R U located?
We'll be there
WAR HORSE.
Get live in-game tweets from the Denver vs. UNC game on
Quit crying about LeBron bc he left your team. That's old news bro. He used to be your fav player but he isn't bc he left.
I am starting the Forehead Foundation to benefit the unfortunate ppl whose forehead takes up more than 50% of their face.
Benjamin, outstanding feature
I like it but I don't buy him only speaking English all the time but apparently understanding Norwegian perfectly.
Give him the title shot NOW WOW!!!
TONIGHT I'M GONNA PUT MY BODY ON YOUR BODY PROMISES NOT TO TELL NOBODY IT'S BOUT TO GO DOWN LOL RT": #NP Beyonce Dance For You"
Feel the same bout u ladies
RT : Many brands and advertisers are clueless on social media-an opportunity for newspapers
Very interesting pick...
Bracing myself for the clearance sale already! Bloomingdale's to close
Bout to face dis blunt;
unprecedented etiquette
Electrically powered maneuverable public transportation with high capacity
no but u should :-)
what was ur experience w/ zotero? Do u recommend it or other app to database refs?
Had the soccer run this morning feels like i haven't slept in days:/
The best way to my heart is via
Yuck just saw gas in Indy for $3.99 a gallon
Have you moved to LA?
No joke...you're doing a fine job in Twitterland, tho. #KeepOn Except Charles Barkley I can't take you serious if you ...
Time out: imagine yourself resting on the wings of your guardian angel.
when do you go back home?
but I have no willpower! lol.
Friday! First week at the new gig almost wrapped up :)
hello this is carmen
Harry Potter and the Order of the Bacon.
Hey, girlfriend! Whatyaknow? Me, school librarian, you, author! So great to reconnect!
awh, I'm sorry boo! I'll be praying for you!! (:
You can find me on Instagram -
Truth. I should try to find it at the depths of a box in storage and sport it again :)
all those fairy tales are full of shit, one more stupid love song, i'll be sick.
Ok. I can't find you. Are you in a teeny little room with like 3 other people? All in jeans? :)
Yes 1 week off for turkey break :D
see my favorite people today
Facebook's search engine is the worst.
Can we help with anything?
I like that prediction Mose
Tryin to stay focussed on this bread.
Thanks for the #FF!
Volunteer Appreciation & Awards Luncheon this weekend! Exciting!
"Don't let him hit me again."Kingfish Levinsky, talking to the ref during the Louis fight.
RT : All day listening to ! #mellow #smooth #jazz #rhythm&blues
Getting full in here, and the BBQ ribs are selling like crazy, you don't want to miss this!!
Or pitino in an italian restaurant! RT : errbooddy know im comming soon like lebrons ring
I totally agree with you. However, as a tutor I am not in charge of how another teacher grades! Doesn't matter what I think!
Following other librarians makes me feel like a shitty librarian.
My pops be callin my moms his baby mama. Lmaooo
ConGRADUATION! to all the graduates of higher learning out there! Join us for a big one tonight at 11pm! Cheers!
#YoMommaSoFat She Sat On A Rainbow And Skittles Popped Out
and theoretically what natural phenom would unnaturally occur next?
Just watched 5 people get on & then immediately off the treadmill next to mine. Either it's broken or...
THAT'S WHAT U CALL A REAL FULL TYME GRIND.....RESPECT.....
let's make it happen 👌
Birthday lunch with was delicious. Now en route to get paid and get fresh for the paaaaaaarrrrtttyyyy
The Creative Visions Team spent the weekend at the Great American Food Drive's event benefiting the Greater Washington County Food Bank!
Followers...stop throwing LSU's running game in my face. This is the NFL...we throw the ball to win here.
“: Work is beyond boring. I swear I'm falling asleep.” "wake up #37, wake up!" Know that movie?
Ever had too much caffeine and yet not enough?
I better see you on this date. haha havent seen you in forever
word of the day part 2: #EXCELLENCE......We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Happy Valentine's Day! I know today's all about romance, but I'm celebrating all the other things I love. I feel like making a zine....
i think Monta is a good player but he definitely has his faults both him and Martin play little defense
We are a fast growing online magazine looking for women "In the Know" in the Atlanta area- Interested in writing for us-let us know!
My first collection, I was very young, the plastic little toys that came in the cereal boxes
lol I knew that. Someone doesn't know sarcasm...
It's easy to recite a program's record over a conveniently selected amount of seasons.
You two should come drink a Hennepin on my porch
I always gotta pick my fav driver mark Martin
catch me in traffic
I have one. can i get some "Mc lovin"?
Too bad the Red Bull Air Races are on hiatus. They'd be a great fit for Speed Network and HD.
All caribbean enjoying Prestige beer at the party. Thanks to Ralph Abelard sponsoring. They love it!
“: The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.”.
Ugh. I would find that immensely frustrating. Thanks for fighting the good fight.
Thank you, Marcelle. You're a doll to say so (and it's mutual).
Don’t go to a beginning photographer, come to an award winning photographer who will create stunning images of you
They were delicious! This is definitely my go-to summer meal this year.
Weathermen in Ireland may be boring, around here our weather can get too exciting... tornadoes, floods, hail, thunder-snow etc.
Hi Ryan, did you leave a voicemail? I can check on this for you RT : Actually, I called your guys lost and....
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
Just got the #someday!(: BEST SMELLING PERFUME IN THE WORLD!(:
Seriously I need a manicure! Construction workers have nicer fingernails:( Sheesh!!!
Gonna be tweeting from the #filmset tonight. As hours progress we will have some #funnyquotes. Plus a few
Amazing how delicious pastry can be so coercive.
Daughter"a relationship without trust is like a car without Gas. You can stay in it , you just ain't goin no where" Guess she was watching!!
Follow me please!! () Thanks
In a few minutes we'll have details on the ICE agent who shot a fellow officer in California.
the regulator by clutch
Oh, and i'm jobless! Ive just been working on stuff. I really need a job.
i hope my boo is feeling better. 'member, thugs feel no pain :) lol
it's better to open your eye to the truth and utilize the world to your advantage, than to sit there and wait to be taken advantage of...
My first semester at UT-San Antonio comes to an end. I'm looking forward to visiting with everyone this afternoon.
For our brainstorm this morning at 10:30 AM, walks in with Bacon Shakes & Tacos for all to get our creative juices flowing!
before i die i want to do something nice take my hand and i'll take you for a ride <3
Out to lunch for mothers day :)
#wearing green DVF dress, camel chie miharas and carrying new purse.
ok well what rule have I NOT followed?
Why are we still awake ? Good morning responsibility.
I took English 101 last year haha
you live for this, don't you?
Talking with folks in Seattle (during 50th of 1962), it's disappointing folks don't know world's fairs still happen...
Glass of wine in the back garden on this beautiful friday afternoon :)
Gonna be doing some freestyles!! Tracks are almost ready to come out!! XP
Are you on twitter? Get more followers and share your handle with everyone in the comments. Ours is
Snow ball:)
When I do imagines they tend to be quite long! Just so you know and If you ever want one! ~Ashley
"I'm jaded, I hate it" - John Mayer
your profile picture cracks me up haha
Hahaha dats our bbyRT : Justin just cannot stop RTing girl who says that their ovaries are gonna explode... The boy's horny ;)
where is it?
Are you a google+ user? Please invite me!
how are you, Peter Jackson?
missing my family today
I love the standing overhead press with resistance tubing with a 10 second pause at the top of each rep. Delt burn!
Just realized the #1 girl tour aint coming to miami...FML!
Well, My Birthdays Happening This Saturday :D. Anything New With You? (:
Heck Yeah! omg can't handle this wanna punch them all in their face!
gearing up for a global phenomenon
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ The successful people are the ones that can think up stuff for the rest of the world to keep busy at.
Can't imagine why any reporter would want to receive a press release. Personalize the pitch for the reporter.
People are rough on gym teachers, but let's not forget all the years they spend in college, learning how to yell a last name in a scary way.
What I don't get is that Obama/Biden supporting marriage equality probably doesn't hurt with voters but shore up the left. So why not?
...re last: those of us who ride on it know; cheese is always overlapping on the subway
I finally learned how to pronounce David Wojnarowicz's name correctly ... awesome
Thanks for everything that you gave to me specially on Christmas ;)
My eyes are burning & itchy.
Hm, not sure. But I think there are some non-Hispanic unzombies in later episodes!
leaving for the basketball evaluations. wish me luck! :]
you still owe me a cook out!!!
not yet, but do plan on it!
PRAYERS FOR THE HATCH FAMILY BOOSIE TRIAL STARTS TODAY AT 1PM
well, happy 12th b-day skeeter! y'all have a great day! :)
Enjoy Yourself
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 7 Topiary Escapee now!
Man the Timeline been boring!!! Come on twitters Tweet Tweet sum good Shit!
I love you & I'm always here for you #FriendsFaLyfee!
Collaborating with Bobby Gritz on one of the hottest twerk songs ever made. From the Bama to NY.
plzz follow me i wuv u so much i made a big sign at ur consert if u wanna txt me just tweet me bak i luv u :)
ASIA U SEXY BITCH!!!! :D lol
Only cuz you asked nice. And I hope you post porn.
wow! just moved eight inches of snow off the driveway. Another foot to come tonight...
If love feels like a heart attack , why would chase after it?!
We have to go to mosque after RT : Can't wait to take my Jewish friend to my family's Easter celebration.
Yall ugly lmao bo (throws tomatoes)
“: Touch my food and suffer the consequences.”
Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West, Muse, Skrillex, The Doors ft. Queen (I hope that is allowed)
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
Whitney Houston is dead? Where was her Bodyguard?
Your very welcome! :)
Jesus Christ man
I love all the videos that continues to put out for Electra Heart!
Love is my anti-drug
Are mirrors silver, or the color they're reflecting?
Reading Runner's magazine and benefits of dark chocolate for runners. It's high in antioxidants and reduces high blood pressure :))
Bahaha u wish
Howdy ! Thanks for the shout-out! Lookin' forward to putting our toes in the water & fanny in the sand with ya!
I wana b happy
Just like the Tiger of yore, gunning for the victory at the Masters.
stay safe today!
thanks for letting us all know you just took a poo
#dlfforum DMP Tool session surfaces anecdotal evidence that NSF rejects proposals because of weak data management. It happens!
thank you. lol
i dont fuck w a lot of people nowadays .
First trip to the capitol! Here we go!
Agreed. Thanks Laura!
Reading The Hunger Games. It's one of the most haunting and disturbing books I've ever read. And one of the best reads ever.
You know that one thing I wrote? You're right: it's actually about you.
Ah! I can't believe it!! Omg I freakin love you and always will <3 :)
Workin' today, tomorrow, and Saturday MAC Cosmetics! Come see me ya'll!
Can we get JJ and deshawn back?
thank you twin hope everything gets better :)
I honestly believe that in certain parts of America, people have started to mate with vegetables. -Jeremy Clarkson
And if you pledge $10 or more, you get a copy of their 24hr zine...
Happy Sunday! Thanks for the
Sleeping♥ & yourself? :)
OMG, STOP asking ppl on the show to get her on Twitter! She doesn't want to join! Those constant requests are why Jasika left!
Dear school and boring teachers, give us a break! >:p.
did anyone ever answer this? I have same question.
you were going to too . So tell me . Please fr fr
Good morning! See everyone today @ likemind??
miss you too sisterr. Lets pleasee do somethingg this weekend!?
traci's friend Sarah is back on the team.
kooky kooky lend me ur comb!
Great! Let us know if you need us for anything. Thanks!
RT : Don't look now but the 'Topes are red-hot! With a 4-3 win tonight over Iowa, Isotopes have won three in a row!
what's your plans for the day
Lest we not forget the 11th commandment that says "To race thy horse, it's name must be as if a 5 year old named it".
ohmygosh, no Austin don't cut the curls off lolol they look so good on yew. (;
": ithought they gave it to u already" she did... its a long story lol but I do got it
THIS IS TWEET # 400 i nevr thought that i would even have a twitter let alone LUV IT!!!!!!!!!!
That's great! Who took that?
Finally done with hw!
This new twitter app I got is much better then the one they give you.
Potential risk: now that we can micro-measure so many mkting tools, will we tend to neglect long term less-trackable brand building?
nothing much just watching ESPN...its all about sports
your $ goes to support more great art. thank u for buying !
That awkward moment when your friend is like "Are you thinking what im thinking?" And you haven't the slightest clue.
News 3 at 6 starts soon. We're talking about Peter Konz and the #NFLDraft, and has details on 3 pedestrians hit on Monroe St.
thanks for the favorite :) - who do you have winning?
Much Ado, Guthrie: Next row patrons earn a rare #WTF tweet. Ate, drank thru ENTIRE show. Crinkly snack packs, fizzy drinks. Crunch. Slurp.
Let us know how it works out for you. Much more coming soon, but we want all the feedback we can get :)
In 2013 will the movie "2012" become a comedy?
Haha! Is that the "crowd" in the seats?
Thx Arman for coverage! Glad to have participate. Look 4ward to 2morrow for speaks!
Let that shit burn!
Baguettes are on sale for only $1.00 each today at our Hillsboro Village & Downtown Library locations!
April Fools? right? i mean.......haha
you're awesome :)
If you're on Twitter then find me. leebuckner is the username...what can I say, my creativity really came out when choosing that one!
Summer needs to hurry the fuck up. Sick of school and all the shit that comes along with it.
this is about Obama's personal beliefs,but about his public policy stance, which is still evolving(not the same a flipflopping)
RT : Coming up around 8:10am: Can sleep change your life? And what's the connection to weight loss?+
If you were Sunday Brunch Party last week, then you don't want to miss tomorrow's party!!!
I want sum sushi
someone cuddle me
story of your father on #WDYTYA was awesome!
You're welcome!!
& now we answer the question: can jetlag be held at bay with a quick cycle sprint?
Been sleeping...took to the bed when I got in...
National Future Organ Donor Awareness Week. :)
See that's where you're wrong. The first step is ice cream. Yup. I'm pretty certain it's ice cream. Always.
Yeah, I finally went "Life just can't suck anymore." and now everything is good!
Research, research, and more research. That's what I'll be buried under again today, and that's not a bad thing.
its always a good morning when stops by and hangs out in your office for a little while.
Watching chipwrecked with my stepsister lol
Xcept when it's US civilians' private lives? #PATRIOT : – Openness does not have to equal hyper-transparency.
off from work today...going to Yonkers casino to play a little....hope to win BIG....
Knowledge becomes belief when it is applied in action.Without applying that knowledge, how do we expect to completely trust God?
RT : Happy Pi Day to all my fellow nerdy peeps!
Everywhere i go i'm always hearing your name.
grumble grumble autocorrect!
:D u betterr
That was me.
Happy 21st! We hope you had an unforgettable run!
only business cards. My neighbor does postcards with them an they look good. Maybe try them out with a small project.
I'm completely in a zone. Hilarious. just asked me if I felt it DOWN THE HALL from you. Not a thing. Ha. :)
hoping the va senate has more common sense.
since when is my dad ever nice to our neighbors... wtf...
Having an awesome day everyone... I'm heading off to a business development workshop in Davie, FL, If you're local DM me about it!
no longer passes the Turing Test.
don't forget talking to bearded dragons on Skype
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. - Author Unknown
Dara Torres' body is amazing. She is also a 45 year old mother. I have no excuse.
Loved running into you guys at the store haha
feel u on that one
NW: The Hangover
Jesus' enduring relevance is based on his ability to speak to, to heal & empower the individual human condition: Dallas Willard
of course
So let me get this straight over 1000 of people get cancer over 1000 of people donate over a million dollars to support cancer
Proud to have several groups from the 9th Senatorial District at the Capitol today for Wyoming County Day.
I've got the beats- dm me you email
My barista asked abt my #Teal outfit & got a #NOCCBreaktheSilence bracelet 2 help raise #ovariancancer awareness!
That awkward moment when you say bye to someone like 10 times b'cuz everytime u say bye u start talking again<3(:
my dad is so full of FUCKERY!!!
Hey....Waddup with u
hey we gonna be rollin up lol thats wassup and right though im broke as hell and i need a job lmao
Now I see the credits rollin..the end. This movie can't be over..not yet. There's no happy ending...no one said I love you. :(
This day needs to fly?
dude im looking at a display of a picture of a display of a picture. Whoa
I feel I have been fairly productive but realize I have still a lot to do.
So filling up the Camelback it is!
kinda have2 ;-), flying to europe now and back friday.. If not 2tired imma show up outa nowhere lol
I guess I'm about to go check out Africa in April...
I hope you are making time to watch the FA Cup final during he festivities...hopefully near the beach!
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable & Cream of Asparagus
great night out! Lets us know if the frontieer room changes back :)
Can any one thing affect the eventual outcome of the universe?
why do all the guys mad at you about DT look like the damn Jonas Brothers!!!
I follow back <3
Also, I love the insanity that then continues in the comments section after the BARCS stories. I feel bad for the animals.
what is that point for theatre? Is theatre even mainstream?
No love from the Friess sisters
Thanks for helping spread the word for Cravings on Clark!
Thanks Talha! I'll try my best :)
such an old tweet.. Crazy!!
RT : Check out exclusive behind the scenes photos from the recording of our live "Madness in Manila" DVD/CD at......
2NDSUCKS??...U SUCK!!!.....KNOW SOMETHING?...FUCK YOU! .l. @ bigtimerush IS BETTER!!!!!
haha so A State of Progressive House doesn't work for you? RT : " I love you, please just eat steak!"
Bibby ready to contribute to Heat's 'winning mentality'
I've got canned food, enough Ammo and Armor and transport for an extra large army, need I say more ? LOL
#fridayreads finished Operation Napoleon by Indridason and started Shadow Woman by Ake Edwardson - love Scandinavian thrillers
im following u now (: follow back ? (: <3 u Sonny !!
Looking for a Commercial Talent Agent. Please message me with your recommendations. Thanks!
Headed west Oct 4, landing in Carmel Valley. Don't know if we'll end up in LA, but it's likely. Avocados here we come
Once more w/feeling. The Paul Ryan plan. Romney's campaign. A bra without an underwire. Things that do not support you.
one if the things I love about u, is that u let me wear heels!
keep posting pls
YES you were!! I was like omg! i just couldn't breathe.Whats next justin shirtless?Or..
a great new wave band name = Special Someone and The Pet Heads
Why do some females(not me)say guys can't hit a girl but turn around and demand equality.If you want it,get slapped.Then tlk.Jus saying!!!!
Happy New Year from !
. HUGEKUDOS to for pulling their revenue stream off #LimpBaugh additional kudos for checking THEIR media buy!ThankThem
Happy Library Workers Day to everyone out there in TN libraries! Treat yourself to something special today!
The big weekend is coming up. She has no idea how excited I am
Heading to my aunts to visit/play outside with my niece and nephew:) gonna be a great day! "Knock on Wood" :P
Already looking forward to the weekend with
haha yeah cx just try ! I wanna see this xD
#IRemember meeting forever ago in a chat room. .
#supportlocalmusic Live in a few with random Folk/singers from local and mainstream artists. stop by and listen in.
People forget that tolerence doesn't mean they have to like you. They're still allowed to hate you silently. /via
"Many employers rate leadership activities even more highly than GPA? For more info., check out our Facebook page."
Before you guys think im a freak i want to let you know, We don't know what gender of cat my cat it. It doesnt have any privates...HAHAHA
oh hhaha alright !
2012 PR tip #1. When was the last time you reviewed and updated your website? Do it now.
we love u 2!!!! #Belieber from all around the world
It's pretty outside...pretty hot! Lol
AXIS RADIUS MEMORIAL DAY BLOW OUT! ENOUGH SAID! Hit me up to make the list or for table reservations $100 Bottles @ (602)882-0317
RT : Your closing thoughts in the last 6 minutes of the chat?
Wow Honey is amazing. Beyond the Sea can't get here fast enough.
Yo did he ever put up the solutions for the problems on the tests??
we will! I'm exited I've never been!
I'm glad that others are as excited as me.
Finally putting all the pieces of my life back where they belong! Getting back to a polished, put together, organized, routined person!
exactly lol hypocrites
we are gonna BBQ and watch the derby at the house. I'll txt ya. Sick Mexican grub layout by the wifey, homemade churros too!
Seeing avengers with my brother later
It's time for 50 cent beer now til close. 50 cents buys a pint of premium, Mondays nights
It happens...I am the youngest of 5 and I hate them all :)
downloading now
That worked, thanks~
Got my new glasses today. #thuglife you wouldn't understand
good possibility, u could be on to something
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
One of my authors on Writer's Almanac: Jen Vernon's KETCHIKAN WRESTLING. writersalmanac.publicradio.org/
New peanut free, tree nut free and allergen online store. Please come visit us and let us know your thoughts.
follow back ? (:
Thank You.
In 2008, 35.2 million people changed residences in the U.S. within the past year, the smallest number of residents to move since 1962.
one more class today then off the broadripple
hours away from my special painting deal!
absolutely!!!! “: good win for TU womens basketball tonight #pios”.
I would like to congratulate and for finishing their undergrad classes at WFU today.
AP: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will be greeting President Barack Obama on Wed .in Milwaukee, joining him for company visit
Now Trending in #highered: #dontdoublemyrate. What's your take on the issue?
Samplers at Asheville and green man brewing
Goodday at wrk great day overall back at it again tomorrow AGGA UP
thank god for google.
Bout to write a track
hot dogs
im going to make a tinychat join me
I really wish I could unsubscribe from email alerts from They are starting to get annoying.
Bay Village get in...
You don't know how badly I wanted to shoot myself in the mouth. BAD! Jess & Fadonsha were there!
On my way to the set of The Dark Knight Rises at the Steelers Stadium. Might win a car or a ticket to the premiere, maybe.
: hit the #SaltLick today and thought about your NYC bbq...hope you survived!
i cant wait until it comes out
Per you have an email distribution list? If so put me on it man!!!!
haha I can see that.
Hey!! I can walk there!!! RT Happy hour starts at 3...Brewer game starts at 3....coincidence? I think not!
Haven't been tweeting much, but back in the saddle.
perhaps a bandana instead?
I just taught my most epic bootcamp class for http//synergizerevolution.com
Whats your favorite place in Philadelphia
Watching cedar point videos! Can't wait for prom and post prom this weekend!
We all know is sitting in the front window of Monk's..
Two words that scare the crap out of me: Bikram yoga.
yes and yes...
March is the halfway to Halloween point! The whole month will be dedicated to all things ghoul/strange..Come dressed up! www.onelonetree.org
Thank you.
Friends marathon and history project! Mainly just friends marathon
If I Had A Gun #putas muertas everywhere
Watching Steph Curry warm up. Hopefully he won't get hurt like his last visit!
closest to here is 8 hours.
Ill find that wifey in 2012 better believe!!
you are Twitter's
I tried girl, I just figured you were dead or something!
news. So glad u found Wendy Clark & Love Tapes !
we woke up at the same time :)
Twitter... Ain't that some shit
i saw your sister at the y haha
DD keeps saying things like, if not prince than someone like him, if you're asking if we are looking for a power lefty...
Eric Hazeltine on the tyranny of the urgent over pursuit of the important...now @
So they kind of play off of that word which has that meaning
Toss in another vote for Ahmad "mugging receivers" Carroll
he sounds scrumsish! I like this guy. He's in track and is funny. We're exactly same age to the date. He listens to what i
That looks like an awesome position!
yep yep!
oh man, hopefully you will be early or late! Boy or girl?
just sent in our request for my personal story and mission to stop bullying starting here in Chicago w/ theatre!
so sweet have a great
you dont even know i exist but i still love you soo much <3 :) seeing you strive for ur dreams makes me so happy :)
#windtunnel should replay the infamous Despain rant... one of the greatest moments in TV history
The wealth of options in Evernote is overwhelming, the lack of options in Instapaper is currently frustrating. Will it become liberating?
If the presentation goes well, they'll leave wishing they could hear a little more.
follow me if drose for mvp
no, for reals...I'm sorry. sumtimes i juxx feel like slapping my dad...
just joined Twitter - Let's █▬█ █ ▀█▀ him w/some Followers! SHOW HIM THE $$$$$$ (whoops i mean show him some Love!) Thanks.
Instant Nestlé Classico w/milk & Cocoa Coffee Mate!
#HipHopAwards is wanna the best tv shows. kevin hart made it the bomb though.
Um, I have Wildflower Long next week... ;)
school is coming
Awesome! I'll be at the same game, ...only in the nosebleeds.
oh awesome!!! And yeah I think!!!! I HOPE I REALLY REALLY WANT TO GO
Thanks to the for making a great channel for NFL Sundays! Their b!
Making hops for a cake for the dessert table being raffled at the event this weekend, are you going?
Tableting is fun but I want my touch screne!
Are ya'll ready? Im going to do ALOT I mean ALOT of #Imagines!
Hey! I'll be sure to inform you next time I host another exchange. :)
Very true! Visiting is a key component of elder communication.
Election Night Coverage always sounds better when the board op is wearing stretchy pants.
If paul doesn't drive me to practice i'm gonna be pissed
I hate it when the 7th seal gets broken.
if anyone is interested in participating in the next session? Contact Phyllis Messenger
okay whatever
In need of some new hip hop tunes??? Suggestions please
There's a girl dancing behind the band on stage having the absolute time of her life!! Love it! Http://massiverocketradio.com
My daughter is so beautiful!! We going out today, park or mall?
Kevin Costner says "when Whitney Houston sings before God, she'll be good enough." May you share your songs with Angels.
hey there! Thanks for following.
that's cause GW is scared of you
Wow, terrible, dangerous officiating in this #Blackhawks game.
will be headlining "KylePalooza" ! DL the "KylePalooza" app for more information!!!
Happy 21st to my lady!
Hansel, he's so hot right now. Hansel.
is a boss at basketball!
yeah I edited in 7
I just don't give a fucc no more !
Yup but about this reunion tho!
People shouldn't expect HL to softball its UK coverage, but they don't have to give message-board-level insults a pass either.
Just left a meeting at #TheOrpheumTN; incredible women there doing awesome work!
Flyers and penguins series is a lot more boring now that they arent scoring 50 goals and starting scrums after all whistles
and i mean after he whitened Boston history through engravings, i figured all of the city would find him a beloved hero.
Thank God and Jesus for waking me up this morning!:)
Big takeaway from #IDSD: video, video and more video!
what supermodel
I'd completely forgotten about that gift certificate!! I'll come in when is there to say hi and collect.
Pictures: 39 New Caribbean Lizards Found
yep, but the quality financial rewards are what providers were banking on
Me 2! If mom even bumps my leash when she grabs Junior's and I hear the little bell I come flying cuz I think I'm going out.
Thank goodness all the shows are airing finales. I'm having dvr stress.
Thank you, for sharing the Snark!
Guys, let us know if you have any questions. Also, is your right hand man; email him: andrew [at] simplegeo.com
That's fucking creepy with his pedo looking ass “: OMFG MR MARITSEK MESSGAED ME ON FACEBOOK”
The best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence. That way, they never suspect you hung up on them
Gotta block her on twitter, she seems to mess with my mind.
Cant wait!!
Fit Tip: Burn 3,500 Calories more than you consume (over time) & you will have burned a pound of fat!
aww thanks for that & the nice FB post. I was leaving right about when you tweeted
Trying to get my younger boys out the door for school, this mommy has lots to do today.
Omg louis grandma wished me happy birthday on facebook
rapping aint bout the looks
4 hours of sleep... Great way to start the day
And the new GOP Senate Majority Leader is... John Galt!
been slacking on these games smh. #scramblewithfriends #hangingwithfriends #drawsomething clearly I don't have a life lol.
what's good big dawg
Austin is now even further away from me.. There go my chances of ever meeting him.. /:
How do you know when your are in love?..
I saw your brother at the gas station a couple weeks ago .
On the way to teen hoot with .. so excited!!! 
Kobe Bryant follow me ;))).
You never notice me :( and your not gonna notice me this time either :( #iloveyouandyoudontrealise :( <3 please follow:(
I'm a total chicken in front of the camera, but is the best. Went from poultry to ham. Actors, filmmakers, etc.
Its win a wacky weasel wednesday
if you find that someone has lied to you, first ask yourself if they did so because you have taught them that they can't be honest with you.
I live in the Pearl so it was actually full of runners, joggers, short fancy looking laydees ordering nonfat soy lattes.
Did Sarah or Michelle say this?
you haven't had anyone bust it open yet for a ride though!
" ...international relations should be fostered, whether they involve language, trade, art, science, competitive play, or religion."
Thank YOU Kimberly! You are awesome!!!
You should report directly to me. If there is something they should know, they'll ask me!!
Spotted: Katniss leaving Thurston, arrows and all
because of your reaction haha
Haymarket Center's Summer Institute was a huge success. Today, Bessel van der Kolk, MD was riveting on the subject of trauma.
HAHA! Oh you know she fancy. I'm going to go ahead and say she's going to pull out all the stops ; )
Lol you must have some pretty violent/adventurous dreams!
4 MORE GO FOLLOW --> <SHE IS SO CLOSE TO HER GOAL!
Just saw Santa driving a silver pick up truck. You'd think it would be red lol
#3 What documents can you show me to prove your claims are true before I give you any money?
Connecting with the ultimate source of love is possible through discovering the hidden power in your heart.
i have some weird ass phaser effect on my hi-hats. is it weird if i throw in a 'get to the choppa!' sample from predator?
Thanks Jeff!
I hate when people tweet me this is how you can get to follow me. He already is. Stop tweeting me that
Looks like the live stream is back up, if you're still having problems let us know
yea sir!
congrats to you both. Kindest, most fun, artsyest, smartest parents in the world!
For people like you there is no such thing as an early grave.You wanted to gut my dreams till I was empty,and show everyone my remains.
Good morning always remember be a leader don't be leaded
Vanity Fair is a great magazine to read on a plane. And ladies have you seen who is on the cover. Met him in Vegas. It was love.
I bet it sucks for you bums to wake & realize your success was all a dream,now try & make it reality
Just started to dabble into writing. Let's see where this will take me! :)
Ooh, that would be PERFECT. I feel like between NC & POTUS's statement, we're entering a rly, rly important stage in US history.
follow me
RT : she was rushed to hospital because of a headache? I should live in a hospital if that's the case
RT : Idea 4today: Adding only ONE mortgage payment a year to your 30 year mortgage will cut ur loan term to 23.6 years.
i can't tell you how much i love that y'all made a chrome web store app after i suggested it. i use it often! :-)
shit man, jus been out in vegas working haha how's the band going dude
contrary to some, I'm really enjoying the current season of Mad Men.
If i ever ran into the last girl that broke my heart, i'm going to tell her "thank you" i never would have found a better girl.
is still up and agree with Craig Ferguson that we're all tired of douche-bags! Yes... can think of two I'm axing from my precious time!
thanks girl!!!!
Thanks to all the who took a stand for our community yesterday!
The right environment is essential to a successful Christian walk. Stay alert to what u let into ur life. Music is a powerful influencer!
First time I've witnessed a sailing race... Looks like a slow invasion
Beef & broccoli and Spongebob : )))))) all smiles over here.
I never have either! I am SO jealous of for going there and meeting the man himself!
Tell us what fuels you & you could win a $100 gas card! Tweet and include #ChevyFuelsPhilly & #sponsor to enter!
There is an indian wedding at the hotel we're staying at. Beautiful saris everywhere!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Floss Holders and most oral care products.
yes! Let's get this party started already!
The SAID Principle – Specific Adaptation to Imposed Demands
I showed my mom this mothers day thing on tumblr, and I thought it was cute, but she slapped me.......
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, Pay The Man! This year you had a couple of extra days to find those special deductions on your...
hope the internship career fair workshop went well! Go terps.
WE have our patio open!
and yet have the second highest pt. total in the league.
I'll be your personal aid.
No, but the "spotlight" I am in... "News" travels FAST! :)
haha, glad u made it. Im on my way to body toning class in a few min myself!
TEXT-Fitch says regulatory guidance on U.S. bank stress testing sound
Uh yeah,you gotta gimme a minute on that one...
i hate recycled jokes.
um duh wife!!!
Instagram is just there for me when there is nothing to do. 😚
i think that shane should be there because you are just that funny.... there wouldn't be any characters without you. i love you
just started to notice my strings are getting old. it's been 2 months of solid playing for this set- elixir ftw!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and gain access to all the links to tonights games enjoy the games thanks for joining!!
Watching #TheDevilWearsPrada ! One of the best movies ever, tweet me. Xoxo
Two more days until we
Richardson beat out Wiley brown for job
I wonder sometimes..
happy 4ourth of july
oh so excited to see you ladies tomorrow!!!!!
I should be sleep right now!
imma just sit back n let my baby get me 900 tweets or more....
Special Prosecutor #AngelaCorey says that her team has found enough evidence beyond a #reasonabledoubt to charge #Zimmerman with
Q28 we have animals nicknames for all kids- monkey, ladybug and #3 is TBdetermined, lol
La griteria inside Latin American + hangover = 😲😲😲
Today has been going by so slow!
who is the best sister-in-law ever? !!
you had my heart inside your hand... :)
& chase of course ! billy is our #superhero <;
Check out the new update to the app. Now with #Edcamp and #Edcampss information and links. Download it today.
I love Jake <3
no you're the one who blew the #SuperSmackDown main event. Everything you touch turns to garbage.
thank you. Lol
Come party in Miami in celebration of us grads on March 10....you pick the venue because I have no idea which places to choose :)
thanks for the help! This will be my first of many comic-con's I have a feeling!
#ICanAdmit i look forward to tweets
its a song by a day to remember lolol
Looked at the Dallas cowboys new schedule...looks like another 8-8 season:(
so hot!!
Thanks for putting this up and thank you for all the wonderful opportunities you provide for students interested in Asia!
Wow! Some great company you have there!!
*Cupping ’s jaw, dipping my head and pressing a lingering kiss to her lips* Good. *Opening the door* In you go.
surprising thing is their record isn't that bad, just not what people were expecting, ends up lowering them in many's eyes IMO
so amazing! In love
Congratulations to Delta Routine on winjig band of the year at the 88.9 Radio Milwaukee Music Awards! Hard work pays off, boys!
Yay! A new
What the heck is up with Joaquin Phoenix? He needs to go back to acting the singing sucks.
if you read the Bible while listening to the Lord of the Rings soundtrack, you WILL feel like a champion.
that was a good part. I rewatched that several times.
...which is now the job of (producing Speakers' Forum.) Go, Rachel.
won't be the last #digitalhumanities project using Scribe, as I'm working on it for census & parish register DBs.
Does anyone know id the #teenchoiceawards are going to be streaming live from the internet? I have no cable at my cottage =_=
A day without sunshine is like night.
Come by our shop in Glendale and we'll hook it up on the low for #BearcatNation!
Nasty like a grape swisher
Depends on the kind of food. But for casual dining, I like The Porch. : What's your favorite place to eat in Dallas?
That makes us brothers then ... brother. [RT I'm pretty sure "Extremely Loud And Incredibly Close" is about my Mom.]
It's a good year for the Barely Knows. Friends and Acquaintances could use some help though.
At the library then i gotta go to work
The Sponsors we just adore!
- now you just need a picture so people don't think you're tweets are spam!
lol nah not really
this guy yelled at me something major at 12:30. He will make a hilarious appearance in my blog. Check it out later tonight.
Lunch is over...
heck yeah! love the mixes bro.. C-H-I-C-A-G-O
Remember: Crying doesn't make you a weak person, not crying when you want to, does.
Looking for some local #Boston shops to sell my gear in, anyone have any contacts?
Oh Talking Heads station on Pandora, you will get me through this day. (Fa-fa-fa-fa fa-fa fa-fa-fa-fa)
Watching Toy Story 3 again. Something got in my eye in exactly the same spot near the end. What are the odds?
After helping a visiting scholar w/ Zotero, I received an invitation to hang out in Madrid if/when I visited.
why not?
Up to freakin early pickin up dog poop and I'm still drunk from last night haha
I am not MIA. you left me. remember sadness in my heart.
NATO invites Pakistan to summit in Chicago
Good to keep in mind - articles don't need to be fully developed right away. Just need a little text to get a stub started
To easy to understand? Say it isn't so...can't even begin to comprehend!
we leave EP pizza crust!
Let's try that again, curious, what's up to this Tuesday morning in Milwaukee?
You've tweeted over 20 messages a day about Petrino. You seem obsessed. What's the difference?
My pleasure. Good stuff. Thanks for the K+ too.
Goodell has been so excessive on payton with this punishment that he is completely cut off from NFL for a year its personal
Happy Happy Birthday to ! Love & hugs! Miss you!!!
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." ~Henry Ward Beecher
YES I DO, and YES WE ARE!
Hey don't laugh!! I was totally talking serious!! Don't you see my serious face..... -__- ... ha jk :D
Disheartened by how difficult some library systems make applying for not-yet graduated folks. Do I need an equivalency to apply or not?
I'm the hungriest nigga on the block
Had three of my proposals accepted at #AECT!
I always watch it #MIOBI !!!
What a nice sunset. Great to be living in Michigan.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 16
I'd be down to sit by this heat vent all night
Yeah Right !
Thanks Sandra! I really loved the article.
The Giants said they are open to trading Jonathan Sanchez
Must be nice
Yeah, you're so important talking your techie business talk while I'm practically yelling "Excuse me!" behind you. Pfft, Seattle.
Got a long night ahead of me.. Help me!
a spark of inspiration, a much better week
Toyota Center will be sold out and LOUD! RT Home opener tomorrow against old division rival, big game!
only reason you guys will prolly have a better record is u will be healthier at the start of the season if rose/deng were..
thanks - just off the Blue Ridge Parkway near Wintergreen
I love that part of the country. The fishing is a bonus. As is pan-fried walleye.
Apparently died :( i never knew her but..... its just...too sad :(
Huge thunderstorm here in the Bay Area. I love it. I don't love that I'm going to have to drive home in it.
Miss Earth USA Nicole Kelley under fire for calling Philippines dirty and noisy on Facebook. Now trending on twitter!
Osu/Duke tonight!
Today's big question: does Mitt Romney have to answer for the fact that he assaulted a gay student at his prep school in the 60s? And...go!
Whoa Boyle nearly lost his pirate mustache on that one
special shout out We need to talk too.
Hey Lucas shares a birthday with Charlie Parker, Michael Jackson, John McCain
Feel like complete shit 😷
run around day pick up mail grocery shop... big list...def time for a vacation
Lynch: "I challenge everyone to honor him in the way you live your life, every single day of your life and never forget No. 55."
Oh, and I almost killed a girl. No, it's cool, I didn't. I said almost.
I don't know if you caught it. But during the Miami game. Someone flopped and camera cut to Stern. His expression was priceless.
You could take back that you were poking fun, but this is a good start. RT : Regret my tweeted question caused a stir. I...
“: has got to be one of the best producers out there” appreciate it Dazz!!!
same here. I miss my hometown:/
George zimmerman is a murderer and should be in jail for life. Wtf is going on. He killed trayvon martin and now is released from jail??????
Welcome as an official bar reviewer while at #sxsw. She's a rad gal, so say hello.
Impressed by at the #gk12 annual meeting
glad to share. I'm a member of AWD and am sorry I missed it!
Lol He Say He Wasnt On The Phone Wiff Nobody But He Texting Me Off And On Till 1 Some Ahaha
what's that gotta do with lying to you?
I'm tired of feeling like me chasing a dream comes with a curse.
Watching chopped after stuffing my face with turkey not a good idea. What are these people thinking? Would I be a flop? I think not.
Bracket with vs. would be tough to predict.
happy wedding day to our cindy and kyle! blues skies today for a beautiful wedding in the park. bam.
Only a couple of weeks left until our #XFactor #auditions in #Atlanta! Register online at musiccharmer.com for Atl, NYC, LA, Lon, Chi, Aust
Hey Chase---! Happy Birthday--! will Eric still have some BBQ in an hour---? 7:30ish..? (tuned into livefeed!)
#WWE #SurvivorSeries. Let's get it. What's your predictions
Overheard: "There's no crying in advertising!" (re: smartphone company's Mother's Day spot)
Thanks Paul!!
SpongeBob: "Patrick, you're a genius!" Patrick: "Yeah, I get called that a lot." SpongeBob: "What, a genius?" Patrick: "No, Patrick."
Riveting conversation on #veterans at VOA Gen Barry McCaffrey provided sobering statistics of pain for families and vet
Getting too old to pee in these nasty porto potties..
Your future is just a bunch of right nows strung together.
Must have doubled my work out laughing while listening to Matty Ice - don't think i can stomach #RCcola, but you've got my vote
Didn't need to do that n a structure as slow as it was w that # BBs. U live & learn. First bustout n last 30 days I felt was my bad. Next!
I have my own mom for that.
Good morning everyone! Have a great Monday!
haha make that 8 bottles of wine for me. I am so emotionally tied to this team my days are wrecked when/if they lose!
follow back?
Clear2Go bottles w/ filters come in a variety of different colors. Check them out at www.Clear2O.com.
Thanks all my reverb and facebook friends :-) your rock ! HAPPY NEW YEAR
"The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does."
Haha not quite!
Somebody brought a bottle of "mango chili schnapps with caffeine added" into our house. Let me tell you, it works.
They crazy Going on Westbrook shirt,!
When someone you love doesnt feel the same for you as you do them, its a lost cause.
social gaming can also feel overwhelming when you have too many games going. not fun, just another chore.
YAY! My gave us a rferal to one more therapy place near us!
ha! Now I have American Pie stuck in my head.
somebody is going to have to man-up....give it a try for the first week...show the coaches and teammates ur a new man!
I wonder what our combined dues will be? Will it be called Sagtra or Aftag?
Happy New Year :)
The one tells you everything is fine when obviously it is not, is who you should be focusing on. Not who they tell you to hate Sucker.
that much of a diff? Did you see it there?
A classic indeed!
I'm contemplating going to see Vinson but I look like hell right now .
Report backfired on the teacher since most of us preferred the "trash" we chose to the "classic" she did.
#ItsHardTo believe in all my dreams, most think they are impossible. but i will never give up. it will happen, they won't be dreams longer.
I'm so tired of driving. I need a driver so I can drink and take naps during traffic.
haha I appreciate that! I believe that it is very necessary that we kick it whenever we get back to school.
hahahah oh it gets better :) I'm doing the meet & greet
wait what I'm confused! can you see this?!
can you put me down for rockpaper today, im gonna do flappers first then drive over
I just won a free movie night from !
POTUS. Everyone gets a fair shot, a fair chance! I want case studies show what that looks like in real life, FedGov going to plow even field
I actually say AND do that...
come ride with me tomorrow morning! 9 a.m.
I think & need to reunite and have a CHIPOTLE dinner date tonight!!!
He don't rep them nigga either he don't rep the state of Ohio its clear is it not RT : I'm from Akron
that's so true.
PLEASE follow me i just made this twitter :)
not due until 4/17 because the 15th falls on Sunday.
yes scratch that Game still going hard.but the test of that list fell off
Updates appreciated! Need to know when to start drinking the beer & eating food from the frig before it all goes bad.
No i say 5 this round RT : Yeah, so you're gonna sweep your way to the finals?
those beautiful teeth will be able to shine amazingly VERY VERY VERY Soon♥♥ You will be sosososo handsome as always♥
Support the important work of and their fight against human trafficking. Everyone can make a difference.
"15x15 Initiative" Update via : 11 acquired out of 15 pieces. We're elated !
If I have MS points left over from a more significant purchase and with no immediate use for it, I'll sometimes get avatar gear.
Weight Loss Forums Helpful In The Battle Of The Bulge
Moist Hearted
lol ight i been makin plenty! Who be doing yo mixtape cover?
Watching app demos at #apihackathon London.
Catching up on Idol. Hehe.
I meant ya lips but u know wat it is lol
aw you guys are so cute together!
because I'm a High Plains Drifter too | RIP MCA
So i build a motorbike in my apartment kitchen because i was bored, and it gets labeled as a death trap... haters
Had fun at formal! I love my bestie <33
Thinking about staying on the Texas Coast but not sure where? email me:
Ditto, boo! “: i'm so excited to party at tonight!”
I'm very upset that I didn't think of this.
good good thanks love <3
thank u 4 the update !!
Shelburne Museum will be reopen today. We were fortunate compared to many, many others in our state coping with effects of Irene.
Innovation without purpose is only variety. Via
You're too cheap to drive that.
never thought the zombie genre would make me cry.
If today is your delivery day, why would you call @ 10am to "add on" 4 cases? Yeah ok. I'll just have the truck go grab 4 cases for you. No.
I had the same feeling that I get when Annie calls into the KSR show??
but again when your day is ending mine is beginning!!! Sleep tight!
when the Power Plant was The Fish Market... I hits deep Baltimore Knowledge.
LOVE that you do dinner since I never get a Gypsy lunch. When is the next one?
Last day to get your name in for INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads!
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool why am I HERE!? lol
Still dreaming about the last night's dinner - a Santa Fe inspired Pork & Sweet Potato Stew on Corn Cakes.
#TDUBARIQ Give the people an update in the world of art
we wanna see #KB PERFORM AT #SummerJamz15 #retweet this to y'all followers for me please
I have so many boys at my school who say they hate Justin, but have his hair style. I'm like "lol fuck you."
Cicero~ Force overcome by force.
Ha ha ha, "here, Wego"!
About to eat at a place I haven't had in over 3 years (at least) because I just got the worst craving I've ever had.
Neuro Sonic is one of the best drinks in the world got me one cloud 15...focus and ready for the day...Good luck on the webcast .
Hook me up jazzy
Let's go
Writing my first press release...we will see how this goes! Mad props to the great writers and communicators out there!
I really wish today was over!!
Hey Kosko. Guess what beyotch! I cut my hair two days ago! GET WITH THE TIME WHORE. :P
Does your tweet count consider retweets as a tweet too? Not a quoted one, just a regular one.
Best trainer ever - thanks for pushing me to be stronger!
When I get older ima be making hella rode trips to hella states lbs
I like what Jon Huntsman is doing with his eyebrows.
I'm serious.
Almost? Way too many, they are just annoying now.
maybe you already have, but your other teacher friends just won't tell you because they don't know any better
Kev! Long time, no see, mate. When will I see you in my class again?
Recently had a "server error" and emailed ya'll. :)
Had so much fun today with my daughter!
Saints and Niners bringing it down to the wire!
what did u do
Just realized that my Thursday is scheduled from 9am to 11:50pm with only two half hour breaks of nothing. Sweet life.
“: Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.”
Attempt missed. Marquez (Mexico) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.
I miss you more babe
What's that I hear? RomneyBain crushed a steel company and their pension plan went belly up?? Thanks
Thanks for the heads up. I know the building. I own a condo that I rent out across the street.
Not less so, no. But deliberate obfuscation and misinformation abounds.
is your twitter name The Crazy Chicken in spanish? lol
heading out to Crozet to check out the new, improved Field School venue. Sweet!
repeating what someone blah blah blah... WHAT?!
Jay Z and Major Nutter annoucement on the Art Museum steps today in 20 mins!
yeah but i live in cali its not supposed to be under 60 :( lol
that's wonderful, glad to hear it!
ha nah she don't but it's all good me and her have daught so many times I said screw it I'm tired of this and yah
QT : this dude X just said some eggs and cereal to compare is relationship... LMAO!!(why am I missing this!
Edwin Maysonet will be our cleanup hitter in a month, won't he?
In tha nude !!
Crew owner TPG, as well as rumored interest from LVMH and Jimmy Choo, the man himself
Is tweet about roping but I'm like the only one -_- lol
i really really really really hate going to school -_-
So those aren't interdepartmental programs anymore that double list the courses as archaeology and something else?
I have a question regarding the premiere. it's really important would I ask on here or is there someone I can email?
He is so incredibly nice :)
Just wants to go driving...
I want a glamour profession
Drum roll.......and the winner of the 5 free entries to the Bedlam Mud Run is..........Selena Thomas!!!!!
I like the bartender xD tweet me :D
can you feel it yet Dave?? Crow served ice cold to the doubters..... #cardnation hopefully more To come.... This is AWESOME
just landed at LAX. Yay !
The Spa Bar Tip: Celebrate your event successes and thank all those who contributed.
Don't follow basketball but love 'just Lin Baby'. Great line.
Hahahah Like mother like daughter
I smell spring.
Working on NBIs #neara11 good ole CA has many to present! We'll see how many NBIs we end up with!
thoughts for Disney World trip: my shorts need more pockets or else my man-purse needs more Avengers buttons.
I know that but yeah & okay theen iff you sayy so :)
Thanks! RT : LOVE LOVE LOVE -- dying for a staycation!!!! It's heaven in Austin :)
I changed my number
I'm a taso a totally awesome sweet object why 1.cause I'm awesome 2.cause I'm nice 3.because I I'm a hiding ninja that stands like a lamp
if you are listening to one of my songs and you think it's about you....it is
Why didn't anyone tell me that Build-A-Bear doesn't hire people under eighteen. Teisofndhhdhdjfdjdj crap. Well time to apply for others...
Every morning when i wake up my lips always feels extra big-_-
I like Ike!
#ImAStanBecause we stuck with him through his beef with ja, Royce and pretty much everyone else
Second day of skewl!!!
HEY, I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE
yeee i would love a DM from you<3
Loving the Keanu accent from Point Break you got goin on lol.
A teeny bit of appreciation would have been nice. But the main reason is I just don't have the time this season to do it right
How u know that?
Lock me in! CFA INC is keeping that one! I'll be here for a good min so hopefully I'll get to see you, Zell & the kids.
I would say so!
Enjoying an amazing glass of '09 cab sauv 's Purple right now! #fantastic #washingtonwine ^aef
: scholars want the same level of access and syncing that consumers enjoy on services like amazon prime, dropbox, etc.
Made it from South Philadelphia to the Garden State Parkway in exactly one Lindstrom song
Oh H--L Yes! The bride may be upset at first...but will later thank you!
Still haven't sent in your spring contribution? Send it to for a FREE issue!
Thanks! I'm happy to provide a little humor for you!
I went to like 10-12 this year. Stubhub had regular season tix for dirt cheap. Saw Heat, Thunder, Knicks, and others
I think Elvis said, 'the world is my stage and each must play our part' - did ever think Twitter would be his stage!
I wonder if Cuban is thinking of how to blame Odom for this debacle
Happy Earth Day!
WATCHING YOBITV LIVE!!!
Man I'm amazing
So #Thundercats comes back Fri. Reimagined. Watched a classic ep recently. Ouch. Does NOT hold up. Should I even bother w/ the new one?
3 Egyptians killed in recent Predator strike in North Waziristan
Can't believe how cold it is outside. Wish I could stay home
Rangers up next! RT : Congratulations to our hometown team the on advancing to the conference finals!
Paul Ryan: "we have brought this party from a squishy, hand wringing nothingness..." While endorsing Romney.
Neifi Perez because I am being completely sarcastic.
Ahaha Hee just needs to continue Correcting you . Lmfao You needa stop with that word.
lol hi hater. Jk. Well it's by Oakland. Man lol raiders do not suck. But yea where you at now?
I'm sleepy ! So imma come back to y'all in thee morninng !
Ooooohhhhhhh Yeaahhh, new menu items coming this weekend!!!!
Sonic runs early in the morning ☀
viddy better enjoy the moment, don't think it will last long
All of us can think of a book... that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove t
you two are cracking me up.
Happy Birthday, !
Someone in India is spam calling my number. I hope will resolve the issue and not charge me for it.
congrats to all my wonderful friends graduating today! can't wait to see you guys change the world. love you all!
So who decided that Thursday was going to be National Do Everything Interesting Day? Spread things out a bit next time, won't you?
Love my job... Not loving that I have to shlep in today and deal with holiday travel insanity ☔
CSUnity is tomorrow! There is still time to volunteer and make a difference! GO RAMS!
Thank you for all the love!
Look great. Will it ever be deconstructed or is it to be enshrined?
need proof u actually ordered it tho
Creepy guy in the Aldis parking lot..
Who can love you like me, nobody
Biology is so boring
ahaha no worries (:
yay! I get paid on Friday. Where can I pick up the bag?
cool,at all night its skating -anna
Anybody going to Bumbershoot: Seattle's Music & Arts Festival this weekend? We'll see you there!
