Starting off well!
still the same.. heheh :$ how are u?? x
Nothing better than Dairy Queen after practice. :)
it's true! I hate that word! Ha
I THINK IT'S CUTE HOW BOYS LIKE ARE SENSITIVE AND U DONT KNOW IT LOL! <33
Check out the event page for our newest road trip adventure this Friday to the New Orleans Green Light District! Let's Ride!
Canners: Tell us how you use Marukan?
The Northeast Georgian uses deceptive advertising.Halle Berry's name is trending on yahoo now, but their site comes up when u click her name
Last day of school before summer AKA moving day at AKA time for 3PM bourbon hour
now we're following this page, too ;)
Rather than becoming discouraged, know that encountering a wall is proof of the progress that you have made so far.
RIP #Levon Helm. You were one of the very best.
That's good to hear they're updating it. Thanks for sharing!
same bored -__- is this your real pic dude
dont be scared into heaven. be prepared for it.
I know I have been wanting to hear you say those three words for awhile now I LOVE YOU!!!
Thank you! Big shout out to #FF Happy Friday. ^jl
Great!! Thank you for your nice note.
I think reading the hunger games made me better at bowling.
The movie was pretty good now going to bed
Aww thank you Melissa. I'm so thankful for Maddie as well! She's a sweetheart, so talented, and so pro! TEAM MADDIE!
I was shocked to learn that 1 out of 3 teen girls in San Diego are victims of physical, mental or sexual date abuse.
I miss you :(
Omg I love the big bang theory.
yeah i know! but at least they were there../: wehre are you from?
Just 5 followers away from 1,000....who will represent that magic number?
RT : online registration is back up and available. Sorry for any inconvenience and thanks for your patience.
announced the #ipad checkout program for grad students to debut in Spring '12! I'm testing #apps to preload. Suggestions?
I'm a visual #Artist ...I love t/hubby paints with light & he loves my #art & I want 2share the fight we fight together w/u.
getting new head shots with Theo & Juliet. Saw yours on the website. Feedback?
Just worked almost two days straight! I'm beat! Time for television an frosted mini wheats and can't wait for church tomorrow;)
Pounding noodles and ready for pork sliders with
And, assured in their evident immortality, proceed to physically engage any vehicles, such a bus, that dared to cross their divine path.
Sachem Energy Solutions Launches new Initiatve: World News Report: http//bit.y/JYPWPE
Bankers caused the crash the poor are paying for it! Bankers get bonuses Poor get made homeless!
I need a tan ☀
Register as a user on gameESC.com - it's quick, easy AND you'll be eligible for future contests - like free games and gadgets!
GOD IS GOOD............all the time! I got another car, I got a place to live and praise God I still have my Job
Coming up at 8:35, a World Premiere of the remix of Romeo Santos' "All Aboard" on !!
This Chiquita eater is keeping it incognito
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
I would also add and to the list.
Going to the zoo for mommys day c:
Thanks for following, Kevin!
really liking that song. cant wait to hear the rest.
I don't have steps so my equivalent is a basket by my kitchen table.
technically, yes i do have school tomorrow..but im not going because im a cripple. i find it difficult to walk
Thanks! We'll take it :)
Anyone else opt for eel sauce over soy sauce?
I'm dying here!!! When is it gonna be on?! I want it so bad! Plus your late picking me up haha;)
Try now, I was only following you under CUServiceCenter
What is this instagram challenge?
lol yes! "I miss leah!"
Thank you so much for shouting me out in the Ustream ♥
Laying in bed, so I can't say I'm going to bed, so I guess I'm gonna say I'm going to sleep. Or wait, what if I'm sleeptexting..?
A race car driver? Too soon, #Bachelorette. Too soon. Also, race car is a palindrome.
Valentine's Day = BIG Sale at the chocolate store tomorrow! :-D
I'm in it for the #Money #Power {&} #Respect and the
Because HE Lives...
You're home already? Miss you already! You got me thinking yesterday on the bus. KEEP ME POSTED.
Some clever #trolls on #Craigslist posted that we are liquidating to join with Barnes and Noble. This is not true. Nice try though!
Every inch you keep going up after you already stopped at the red light in front of me = A foot in the ground I'm gonna dig for your body.
England's motorways not safe for 80mph speed limit The motorway network in England has been classed as unsuitable for the proposed 80mph
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of yours
Thanks ! what is the best way for you to connect? I can be reached at or 206-420-8456
. I forgot to respond to you... Yay! can't wait to repin your good finds. Prepare to be addicted...
Dads pay attention“: You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
#SometimesIJustWant to marry you and live happily ever after
RT : You are ALWAYS worth it. Smile.
Doing hair Friday. $$$
I can make a dramatic situation entertaining bcuz I ain't gonna get mad but you might lol only bcuz ure not phasing me lol
. at our place, the monsters eat pumpkins, but they're shy - so only when no one is looking.
no way! i'll try again! do u know what's wrong??
wuts up TK..follow back so I can direct you..I'll be in the "A" with in a few weeks to lock down another feat
Just needed to let u fake ass hoes kno dat! She's just nice to u bitches.. Why? Idk that's just her
i dont think the entertainment community gave bernie mack the proper tribute when he passed away. especially the bet awards
Calling you out. As your AA sponsor. :) “: I'm a drunk, not an alcoholic. (shhh, don't call me out.)”
How was everything?
I agree. But for me, I am trying gain a little insight to which is performing better? Any suggestions?
After today's mammogram I was asked if I've had any recent breast trauma. "Um.. yeah... about 15 minutes ago!"
Get your popcorn ready, kidz - Blago verdict is in. Hearing it should be read between 1p and 2p, CST
Watching Andy Pettite pitch at Frontier Field...he just picked a guy off at 1st.
bhahaha so they're your stalker minions? Lol XD
Bomb threat at Waxahachie high school??? Wtf
Lunch time
damn auto correct...I meant haha
laughing cow light blue cheese wedges.
I was an intern there last season, and was fortunate enough to make my acting debut alongside the humble & talented
RT : #bhlib added 2 new US partners: US Geological survey & Cornell University! Welcome to the family!
One more day!
Happy earth day from at Savorfull!! Eat more local Free from foods!
That just made my night :)
70 and sunny ☀☀ what to do what to do?
okayy (: i will whn i get homey!
Can you recommend a good pair of running shoes for wide feet?
when im recording a artist i hate when they have the word swagg all in the song that shit is played think of some doper shit
Someone found mine a while back while searching "men only". lol
All I want for Christmas is my two warm feet, my two warm feet my two warm feet (and a sealed house so the wind doesn't even whistle!)
stepped forward with a significant resolution at SITIAC to advance planning for major IT for students. Great leadership.
MT : Thanks to all who worked so hard to make a great Looking forward to 2013! #vaforum12 // Hear, hear!
Why thank you, Robert! Happy #ff to you too! :-)
Now on to debate for budget. Not good for investments in kids.
Woke up this morning thinking about the work and classes and curriculum ... It's 4 am...
great website. having trouble registering tho!
Going to for a nice little workout, I have a great
Anyone know of an open gas station and Wells Fargo? Gotta cash this check or else my rent is late after tonight!
I know. If I don't start drinking now, I'm never going to be able to keep up with the other wildlife biologists!
Going to spend the day playing hide and seek with the humidity and heat.
Hell yea bro, I definitely will!
Thank u my friend :-)
i just dont have the strength 2 hold on any longer. He let me down again
I BOUGHT TICKETS TO YOUR CONCERT IN NYC!!!!! I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU CANT WAIT<3
i am actually really excited for 8th grade :D
old man strength? HA!!
I would absolutely use a coffee-scented shower gel - please bring back Eggnog Latte and Cafe au Lait!
hi Andrew
Ready for great day of panel discussions at MMIII
Congrats. Let me know how it goes. Debaucherous big agency stories and all.
I disagree I think it a great statement and hope its true Vince young > Ryan fitz
AWESOME!!! Make this site Open all year round...
Hope you all have a great #Christmas! Did Santa bring you everything you wanted?
So excited for tomorrow 😊⚾
We are at Eddie's Attic tonight at 10. Be there!!! Just follow Kult's fro and it will show you the way!!!!
I just moved to Nashville and I lived in alamance county for 32 yrs and didn't know there was a town by that name either
OMG How did I miss that? Following now. RT : don't forget to follow
Please redraw the mega millions numbers. Kay thanks.
I just saw one on instagram... There's more???
Hey guys! Brand new hot off the press monos coming soon! We'll keep you posted :)
Yes it is! I could be doing so many productive things right now including sleep but #Glee is very distracting right now. :)
Greed is the principal matrix that nurtures envy towards others ~ Antonio Mercurio
Thanks to everyone for the follows. Big things coming in 2012 as well as some nice websites to show you all. Also shout out to
asm is off to a great start
wait for 2012, it's gonna b a very prosperous year, I can feel it ;)!!!!!!!!!!
That awesome moment when you have a conversation with someone you admire.
What would your mothers say?!
Lord help us all.
OKAY SIGN OFF ON ME :(
Thank you Kyra:)
"Thug" means you never have to say sorry
Just got up. About to do the AOL thing
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away. -Ben Hecht
Queen retain UK album sales crown
“We shape our buildings; thereafter they shape us,” attributed to Sir Winston Churchill...
Youth Competition winners announced! www.facebook.com/grandhavenartwalk
Yay for screwing myself over academically....
Congrats, friends! See you at Endfair this Saturday.
Laundry in the U.N. coin op watching something on Disney Channel--a universal English language tutor.
Veronica White of WXII loves SECCA's new exhibit "Out of Fashion" opening Thursday, Nov. 3. You will too. Join us - 7-10 pm. FREE.
what up Fam. U good peoples fam.
NO REALLY, I THOUGHT THAT ONE RUN MEANT 10. RT it would be 1-0 :(
Keeping it real twitter...
Paul Cannon band got he Buttons choir goin tonight! Come out and enjoy a great night
A former UFC Heavyweight Champion just confirmed for the fest... sign up on our mailing list at www.txtestfest.com for the announcement!
I'm getting all the rest i can tomorrow the shit load of cooking starts for the free loaders caller family opps thanksgiving thrus
It'll be a great day! Hope you enjoy. RT At MB&F
thanks for the RT Rich!!
USA Today has come out with a new survey - apparently, three out of every four people make up 75% of the population. David Letterman
...and I'm finishing Season 6 of
Miss you like a connecting flight.
Mitt wants us to think he forgot his #LordOfTheFlies gang assault at 18? Nobody forgets one.
like what do you mean by that??? like how?
you going see future Saturday???
if only my phone worked
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
i Love the Tatz U Do...iHope You Can Tatt Me Soon
Divorce. RT Gross. I just shazamed a song by Train.
DeCosta: 'impressed with Pierce on the goal line.' (Ravens did have issues in red zone last yr.)
happy days lol
I was 183lbs then I went down 180lbs Now I'm 185lbs
not what were saying. But okay.
If someone were to judge me by the contents of my tivo, I'm pretty sure they would think I was a 14-year-old gay chef.
We love Happy Donuts!! RT glad you guys are on twitter!! EAV <3
When was it universally decided that people would say hello when answering the phone?
Ganoderma is a 4,00 year old herb used by the Chinese to cure all tyoes of diseases. Give it a try: www.drblackston.organogold.com
Listening to Labor Sec. Hilda Solis on ways to revitalize our labor force.
Ahh, the first 2012 work week. Going to need six frosty Horny Blondes and (no hassle) to get through it.
Perfect plan <3
I've seen Lars Anderson 3 times this spring, and boy does his swing look good
#WorstBreakupExcuses my cat died, I need time to mourn
Posted a bball recruiting update in the forum! Check it out.
I love this month!
I love that show! I need to catch up on the latest season.
I dont think so. Why?
I'm so glad I learned COBOL!
yaaaaaay :D save me a little corner & I'll bring my pillow pet & I'm good to go(:
This is the team that beat Mizzou? Either Mizzou caught them on a good day or they caught Mizzou on a bad day. I'm thinking the latter.
I'm Todd O'Hara, CEO of , a free Chicago-based app that gives you cash rewards & donates to #charity on every purchase!
I feel so rebelious when I #text during school.
I say a little prayer every time I go over the State Street bridge on my bike.
Austin Thornton can suck it.
me graduate too lmao
Thanks a lot, Texas, for screwing up all the flights. I blame Rick Perry.
Met the boy who plays simba ! Too cute ☺
Lately I find a strange correlation between my sense of optimism as a musician and Obama's general vibe as president.
Do you ever hang out with Dave Rocco
Hi Olivia, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out
Looking for George Washington crossing the Deleware today on twitter
New Zack Wicks video coming later today
It weirds me out when my bestfriend says intelligent things, because I'm used to thinking she's a creepy idiot<3
to be sure to pass my drug test
Not really looking to add in your perspective today.
Not every company has the Verizon marketing budget. Targeting advertising like that is ideal, but it will come at a high price tag.
PT receptionist position open in a Wis. gov't office (Madison area). DM me your e-mail address & I'll forward the e-mail if interested
Holy Cow!! Do you like the pedal steel on the Carrie Under and Jason Aldean tunes?? The same amazing man just laid it down on our tunes!!!
OMG you are right on that! lol
My new neighbor brought me DELICIOUS brownies! so nice. (and hopefully not the opening line to a more interesting future story)
#sschat=the best pd and what teachers are really about
: (Obviously the ending of that video will be getting one last edit - "Oh wait...they changed their minds...nevermind.")
How bad will the breeze/wind be for us taking the #MuskegoPolarPlunge for on Sunday? CC:
Everybody needs somebody sometimes.
I hate you if you say 'no homo' ever.
thank you Mookie!! What a cool weekend!
I will test our live interactive Q & A session tomorrow morning. Submit questions via Twitter or Facebook and I will answer live via JTV.
wide awake ..need to go to sleep ..ain't gone get to much of it the next 2weeks #superbowl bout to kick my butt.
Goodbye, Jean Craighead George. I thought you were awesome.
No, I only tippy toe when I want to check out my calves :D
You Haven't Made Any Real Money, If You Still Make Decisions Based On It!!
RIP Ted Kennedy
Right on!
CHECK OUT NOGAYVIDPRODUCTIONS SUBSCRIBE!!!! follow me i follow back
SHOWERING AND OFF TO vEGAS
why does need a mobile app? Does it have any in person contact info functionality aka
It's definitely slider velocity. Bad pitch though. He hung it.
#civility the theme is agreed upon so far that civility is what we need to have proper dissent.
The Postman is lousy. I saw it for free and I wanted my money back. There's a cool rock star cameo, though.
"You got a friend in me." 😉
AMERICAN KID: "You're from the UK? Cool! So do you have tea with the Queen?" BRITISH KID: Do you go to McDonald's with Obama?"
miss ya too <3
Toddler, licking marinara sauce off the spoon: "M...meatbally."
Yes, yes you do!
OMG! That's you?! Just heard about it on FB! Congrats!!
Good luck girl!
LADIES has anyone had a chance to check out 's profile photo...chocolate treat!!
I do believe in the light.
Not the MAC BOOK! NO
It's sports-related, so I dunno.
you still look amazing! Lets get married now.
This week, Send a suprise today! 800-321-2654 Free delivery Call Now!
no good answers - observing? ethnography? it's not easy data to collect & something that should be addressed
I have 20 girlfriends Cthu but I didn't know wow
I just wana go home and cry
Follow Me At Ya Herd Me!!!
I wanna go four wheeling. The bro is.
STRONGBOW ON TAP. TAP.
I wish Sofia Vergara had hosted SNL this week simply to hear her pronounce "Gotye".
is the cutest baby, ever. <3
Hug in bed every night. Even when you're tired.
Excited for Brewer's Dinner at tonight with !
Welp Milwaukee, it's been real. I'll miss ya. Off to the Twin Cities. And I never though I'd say this but.... GO PACK GO!
house judiciary comm chairman quotes zogby poll as evidence of righteousness.
Tomorrow is the first day of May, which means two things: the 500 is near, and starts the trek from West Point to Dallas!
Yes it's true. Mitt's staff had to tone him down. He originally said he created more jobs than thr wr stars in the universe.
Impact factor: optimized for hard sciences & english, can be over/misused, not good for practitioner based articles
what's the event?
are you familiar with Holacracy practices?
Dos Santos VS Mir Who's Gonna Watch That ?
YES!!!!!!!!!! So happy about that! I think you will be much more supported there.
Hosting the Director of our sister policy org in Texas. Hope to learn how not to build a state tax system... or college football program
Get it! representing at the addys!!
I know how you feel!
Our Time Will Come Baby ♥
Let me think about that. KC is a beef town! :)
type "do a barrel roll" in google using Safari and see what happens!
Last night I received a death threat that I loved hearing.
Hopefully the time goes by fast.
Yes of course. Especially the coconut/mango/rice pudding pops. First task: get ice-pop molds.
most people are pansies
i agree w/ i support 's decision to purchase a hat from cedar rapids. i would like a picture of this hat, please
Some of these girls are so gullible
Thank you for following us, we have great information to aid in protecting you & clients identity…
Panty Free Friday Party is tonight if you are able to attend!
I'm blowing you up today, but at some point can you please talk about people who constantly post their workout regimen on FB....
Yes mother to late child "okay she's waiting now"
How bout we send both #Clemens and #Pettitte to Jail where they can share the same cell
The most absurd thing is this: In Homer Lea you have a ready-made anti-hero, the stuff Hollywood dreams of. The story awaits a script...
Cher was cage dancing!
It's storming .. Imma sleep hella good tonight !
In case your didn't hear, I opened a vintage and used guitar shop called Thunder Road Guitars. Follow us
well...I called it quits at 4 AM, and I should be done by 4 pm :) ALMOST THERE!!
How's' your new phone?
So glad to have your support!
RT We're almost fully booked for January & February. If you're interested in working with us in early 2012, contact us now!
no problem
I don't think they'd be lying. They could just change their approach based on where the team is at that point.
I walk beside you. #DreamTheater craze!
it's just carb overload...but it's a celebratory meal!
Nominations rolling in! Thx for RTs
So thats my problem.More water RT RT Dehydration impairs your cognitive function and mood
This explains why I drink like a fish. ;) RT "Whiskey" is a Gaelic word and means "water of life."
is it acceptable to drink wine in the middle of the day on a Wednesday?!
"Hey, I showered today"
iCal actually works really well for me so far integrating with gCal.
Can't believe it's in OT!
There's not a single female waitress at this resturant
Looks to be FOWL weather.....
lol yes me shocked too!
This one person looks like a creep
Don't you live in a country where drinking a pint is social acceptable before lunch?
my nail broke. i guess i took too long in the shower.
#NFLrookie advice: The only thing that separates your true image from the image the public will perceive is the media.
Blair Levin just mentioned a "psychology of abundance of bandwidth." What does that mean exactly? Something like Jevons paradox?
Good morning! I'm back from my birthday vacation. Who wants to hear about my adventures? I need another vacation!
Among the hymns we'll sing this morning- O God, Our Help in Ages Past + For All the Saints
But what if they were grouped with other students to help them learn? It must lower self esteem to be in the "slow" class
Workin on my interviews w/ the Kennedys about #Warhol, Reminds me of long nights transcribin @ Fox back in CA, but WAY better than realityTV
I picked up Eli manning who is going to have a massive game so dropped Vick
coconut butter!
Can't focus. Only thinking about Opening Day.
Too bad I already know it by heart.
FWIW (& it's nothing), I thought these Bulls matched up much better with the Celtics than Sixers.
My tv just did some weird magnetic pulse shit looked like the screen bent inwards...
We're very happy! :) Thanks bro.
are you in pre-production now?
Learn how to edit and enhance digital pictures, free instruction and computers available, Thur April 26, 5-6 PM, Superior Middle School...
bought some new dvds today: juno, kokowääh and the last song. i don't like miley cyrus but that movie made my cry ok don't judge me
Please tune in to Jaxon on 93.3 WMMR Online or radio between 620-640 tonight to hear the announcement for the December Artist of the Month!
It was something like, "You guys ever hear John Scofield? He's on this album."
Come in 4 a 1 of a kind series, Giants v Phillies, & a 1 of a kind beer. Conflux, White IPA by Deschutes!! GO GIANTS!
Thanks for giving credit where due! You may want want to change the ID on the <body> and mentions of REFRESH in the JS.
is on a diet? Why? He's so skinny!
": Folks be thinking they too good to follow back, bitch you can be unfollowed!"
Director Anderson recommends girls tourney to Resch Center, boys in Madison through 2020, no vote yet
yepp no joke, i'm at my friend's storm shelter party on university.
they acting surprised, with those weak helmets they had in the past,what expect
Hey there guys...Hi. I still exist. hi there. yeah. Okay just move on, no no I'll be fine. DON'T LEAVE ME
hahaha! You know I'll baby sit. (you might not get the kid back though) lol. Yeah is yellow and green.
a real Hoosier never gives up.. And look who got a RT?? That's right me!!!
I almost let fear and past experiences cause me to miss out on one of the best things that has ever happened to me
"Web of Science" is most popular query at NCSU... Not surprised...wonder when/if that will ever change
I love Great Music, I play it and tweet about it via #spotify, its a new show on called tweet-dio show!
man bro i wanna here some maybe collab
Glasses don't always make you look smarter. Like if you are retarded and you wear glasses you just look more retarded.
do what makes you happy
Tea' is in Port Charles, yaay #gh!
Yo fire her and HIRE ME!
I texted you earlier... I was trying to.
My phone all fic
hissing at my parents so they think im crazy and leave me alone
How many whitepaper offers does one need in any day? Do universities teach about white papers? Are they footnoteable? "10 ways to IBID"
Seeking a Banking Finance associate with 4-6 years experience in banking, corporate lending, and commercial finance (debt finance).
ET in Bayern Munich-Real Madrid match. Productivity gone.
I'll grab it!!!
I think the old format was my woobie. I miss my woobie.
I am not evaluating their actions, but yes, I think things like that are being considered action by other Euro countries.
i think its really funny when someone says "wtf you're 12" and then they answer "no i'm 13" wow huge difference
thanks beck😉😜☺
he's lucky his real excuse is "playing rugby". Sounds much better than fell down stairs! ;)
Black&Yellow x4
We will Always Love Whitney Houston!! retweet
I'm sorry but this Philly game is looking rigged as fuck.
God is my
Cary has lots of Greenways but most are < 2miles. Raleigh has fewer greenways but most are > 5 miles. If only they'd join forces
Hopefully getting a purple streak in muh hurr!:D 💁
Ah he puked on the Rari!! O_o
Or maybe we'll never get another laptop. Ever.
RT : "The best way to predict the future... is to create it"
aw :( your breath wont smell Minty anymore but whatever *hands ya chocolate*
I know lol!
Def. a focus on including diversity in everything we do, not as a separate initiative from a small group w/in an org.
Ba Ima sheep :D
How is everyone today?:)
“: Eastern Kentucky in Pikesville KY Coming for y'all tomorrow” sinbad is coming for you
Haha no, Chan got a New Guinea pig for her bday named Napoleon! Spencer & Napoleon are now inseparable.. It's so funny!
Sorry there hasn't been anyone on lately.. i promise to b on as much as possible!! <111
Thanks for following!
“: #thatawkwardmoment when you run into your ex-best friend every where you go.” life story
If it wasn't the zen master,then woodson is just fine by me.
deep breaths
I've read it 17 times now lol now I have a paper on the feminine mistique
Celebrating the completion of my doctoral dissertation defense--I passed and it is now official!
wish i could get a job at keep indianapolis beautiful
Surely that's not about me. SURELY!
Thanks for following me back. Do you have a Youtube channel?
I talk to people. WOOF!
Shooting again, today...yay!
What, already? I thought it wasn't until, like, Thursday...
Party time was sweet!! hangover.... Not so much :/
Must remember to pick up some mustache wax. I want to look spiffy at the Cape May #marac meeting.
Mastering for Country Music legend Lynn Anderson today.
We know many of you support us by proudly wearing Donate Life Ohio shirts! Tweet us a picture in your shirt, so we can RT to our followers!
I miss my baby
Finishing up this memoir, and on to my next... Enjoying my #reads :)
Hunnid thou on champagne
Starting the day off at the is less than ideal! On the plus side...I should have my #LFC vanity plates when i leave!
I SALUTE YOU, SIR!
I think I will start a blog and see if I can come up with some interesting stuff each day. These short tweets are hard to express yourself
your an amazing singer :) and your awesome at the guitar :) and Thanks for the follow!
How do you consider the transition from co-star to guest? About how many co-stars you think are good enough to move up?
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening. ~ Alexander Woollcott
remember how windy it was when we ran? It was way worse!
out of convenience i also hit the metry pho scene: pho orchid, pho nola, pho bang, frosty's. Lot of new uptown places too
Go USA Ladies Soccer!!!!!!!
Wow! I had a double nap day! Sweet! And still got some stuff done! Love Saturdays :)
#mobilityshifts Giselle Beiguelman tQR codes as the first writing for nomadic readers, reading cities etc. Skirts typing on tiny keyboards
Ah, ok. Good to know. Good to know.
Witnessing the worst freestyles ever
What's up lady?? Welcome to Twitter and Merry Christmas!
Good thing they haven't taken a look at your twitter....
My work out sneakers are ugly...but they are so damn comfortable
We know mother's day is just around the corner, but what are you doing to celebrate Father's Day weekend?
I'm not okay, but I don't want to talk about my problems. So I just fake my smile and say "I'm fine."
thanks for posting Ted. I loved the subversive work around strategy. I almost have enough media/culture books to try that
I'm a supporter, but when a staffer spins "private sector job growth" from these numbers? Get real. The TRUTH will set u free.
haha moved to towson a few weeks ago..obviously not much exploring yet..lookin for somethin better than
you know it!
RT Great article from on #digitalpreservation - we are losing our ability to reconstruct history htt...
I didn't go to sleep till like 2 am yesterday :(
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
direct message me your contact and let's brain storm!
I do a ton of 3v3 FC. Great conditioning, allows developing players more open court and less pressure; greater learning.
RT Thank god for waking me up
sounds about like the real world :-)
It excludes for-profit corporations from the rights given to natural persons. If unions are for profit corporations, it applies.
Cbs Chris Mayer, need to think about #savings. Embedded in owning a home is need for higher #savings rate.
north having a holy ghost good time!!! 2011 women's conference.
last we spoke hes busy packing n gettin his stuff ready to move. But when he gets to cali new recordings and hopefully (-c-)
Trying to decide whether or not to fish tomorrow morning
We are planning to attend Penn State, Pitt, & Alabama's spring games to demo our tailgating game.
I'm on the draw something bandwagon. Jisaacson. Look me up an see how bad I am at drawing with my finger.
Diapers and Politicians should be changed often both for the same reason.
tomorrow might be the last day of your life. life of a slave. burn. burn like your kids dreams.
. was hoofing around all over town today for And still has energy to put signs up at polling places.
I hate that I like the Rolling Stones so much.
Yo EVERYONE CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE SERIES-FAST TIMES WITH MJR THEY ARE PRETY FUNNY AND I MAKE NEW ONES EVERYDAY SO ENJOY THEM
LOL, NP :) I was just very confused for a moment there!
thinking about anyone use or like it? still in beta...
morning ball?
Awesome I hope to meet u at the Denver show 5/18 but I'm waiting to see if my Pop's w/ Cancer, my mom & I are on the list.
Check out www.etsy.com/shop/Swagga “: I want a earlace earring necklace”
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. ~ Abraham Lincoln
That wet wet!! That wet wet!! That wet wet!! shawty got that wet wet!!!
People only see what they are prepared to see. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
We can do this!! I've been on the phone for hours ,and none of my homework is done. BEACH IN TWO DAYS :D
right here wahts good
& can't wait to see you this weekend!!
Thanking the Lord for everything.
At with the crew getting cued up for this weeks shows
District has a water station on race day - what are the cross streets?
just figured out how to set up with ping.fm! this is gonna be a good thing. :-)
Thats right. I ranched your ketchup. What are you going to do about it?
I'm so fat I use mcdonalds wifi!.
YOU are #Love!
another Mrs Jo lol
Love you Cris. Life's too short. See you soon.
Romeo and Juliet LOVE THT MOVIE
I think it is going to be impossible to read 780 more pages while studying for 5 finals.
I'm out & about. will share it shortly, I'm sure.
Great healthy food excellent cocktail and the best looking staff in Bmore!
nothing. Lol I just thought we cud use it. ;)
Thanks to all of our friends for a fantastic party last night - looks like we had it on the right day - the rain's coming in! See you soon!
Hope everyone got a chance to take advantage of our sale this past week! Like us on Facebook for a chance to win our weekly giveaway!
exactly seven months to go!!
#MUCat The MU Cataloging curriculum summit begins with an informal discussion of the Oxford comma.
RT : “Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.” - C.S. Lewis
I replied you just couldn't see it.
Build a Spy Periscope at the River Park Branch on April 19th at 5pm. For ages 4 and up. Pre register online or call 282-4635.
Man, hope you get to feeling better soon! Bronchitis is nothing to take lightly.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh
following back
SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOOWWW. watched Wizard Of Oz in reading. holler.
what is you best advice for a recent college grad on finding a good job in PR?
Ok, folks, leaving work, going to store, then MAYBE play with some liquid latex on my new skull.
Up next: 'Poetic Persuasion: What Happens If You Eat Watermelon Seeds'
yeah I saw In the backround he and where in the backround of #jessie Christmas EpisodeIn the store
Absolutely! If you bought a ticket, please refer to outlet where purchased for refund.
Wish someone in charge would just tell me what opinions to have, streamline the whole stupid citizenry thing.
if I had a daughter there's no way I'll let her play basketball
I decided long ago I won't let my kids play football. I was glad my dad didn't push me toward it.
can't wait to hear more about it! Have fun!
Voluntarily spent an extra hour doing physics after school..
Dear homework, they may be doing you, but all they can think about is me. Sincerely, Twitter
The payment system in the SNF.
you're welcoomme 
I know it's late but who ya got? #Knicks? or #Bulls?
Zumba In the circuit Normal Heights was also full house this morning. Have a great weekend ladies!
We're gonna ice skate our way to tonight! Better see some ass beaten hockey fights with some blood! Who else is goin?
thinking good thoughts for you. Life is funny
#allday! Let's get drunk
yum! Chocolate Oatmeal Cookies...Friday maybe?
THANK YOU! haha (:
Thought Hollie's first song was very good. I Can't Make You Love me was awful. That`s the kind of performance that gets you sent home.
Just wait until we drop Avaritia, seriously...
Watched my first episode of "American Idol" tonight and all I can say, they voted off the wrong singer tonight.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3
On the 6th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 6 rooms being prepped for new guests! #12daysof Christmas
: True love pursues a person's lasting good. But the one loved may not care about this good. Thus love may feel unloving.
In n out for lunch. Last in n out trip for the semester, so sad
Looking forward to results of your photo shoot today! I'm sure the hard work will be well worth it.
I just found out that employees are FINALLY getting discount cards. I won't believe it until I see it.
Dale's joke about Arkansas and shoes when showing Hawaii wedding pictures was entirely uncalled for and stereotyping.
#wow ppl are down to back bullshit music
Walking to the bus stop . Hair looks A MESS didn't have time to straighten it .
Are you driving or flying?
I can only imagine :P
Loved your candor this AM and that's why I like you:-) BTW Happy Sex Anniversary to you and Jen
Nice.... short, rich, white guys ask young, muscular, tall black men why they weren't honest about brushes with the law. wit me
#RIP Adam Yauch - MCA you will be missed!
saw the tasting table post!!! Thank you 👍
#BCEagles defense pathetic.
Just got tackled by 5 3-5 year olds
Me too. : I'm so ready to live on a normal street.
to insinuate that the words "permanent resident" and "citizen" mean the same thing would be to make a grievous misjudgment of the situation
Hey! I don't really use this account anymore, which is why I didn't see your tweet till now. Sorry! I'm following you now. :)
Dissanayake: Denis Dutton and E. O. Wilson are two psychologists/philosophers who understand the arts.
I don't get some ppl WHY would u come to the gym and work out while ur high! SMH
Only the social system of capitalism (free enterprise) offers the individual freedom to enjoy to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
No Lie i like to listen to it storm and all but today was to crazy for me !!!
IN DA LAB 2DAY NEW TRACKS COMING SOON
I don't hate you; I've just lost all respect for you.
Very strange reading twitter during a superbowl I'm not watching. Certainly want to see this #godaddy commercial.
thanks for the mention. Although we're not ready for Copenhagen maybe we'll see you in a game next time you are in NYC!
Follow Me & I'll FOREVER adore you. <3
I actually started with my personal friends&destiny appeared as a follower.So I hit follow back & they multiplied from there.
Chargers at Oakland. Getter done!!!
So what is everybody up to tonight?
Music in the Park (Meridian Historical Village): Dixieland Express (6/22)
I just watched my cat fall roll over in her sleep and fall off of the couch in seemingly slow motion. Hysterical.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Brown or Hazel eyes.
I wonder if they're gonna boo Artest all game long.
we have alot of green thumbers here in our city of
WHY THE FUCK IS MY TL FULL OF DAMN HOROSCOPES?!?!?!
RT "----> ______ , my invincibility anthem. GO!! " so white, so funky by Tom Scott/Dr. John
I've never seen soap fandom so united in their hate of a storyline!
Already done! Pretty sure game wasn't even over!
Thank you everyone for a beautiful day.
yes a "full ride" comes with a few attachments.
Love when you have enough time to update your status and take pics of your self, but no time to text or call me
...and I do have 2 subcontractors helping, so yeah, I'm a job creator. My taxes are gonna get complicated real fast.
i miss those days when you would notice my tweets ):
Checked out of #alise12 and headed to #alamw12. First up, #aasl educators section to talk about our IMLS grant research on SL supervisors.
Hey thanks for the incomprehensible announcement about why stuck at farragut for almost 10 minutes. Wtf?
Why didn't Schwarzenegger release the news the day after we got OBL?
I'm feelin famous BABY !
I'll meet you one day.
LMFAO YEAH THAT WAS REALLY GOOD HUH
March is going on now followed by open forum at 5pm and then General Assembly at 7pm
Sweet baby Jesus - I could have walked home in the time it's taken to wait for the bus.
I've got his ear next wednesday... up for a tour?
3 hours without internet at work. I don't even know who I am anymore.
Wow. I have no idea what most of that means. #???
I AM AN ICONiac. I want that shirt..
OBZH-broken chairs....Park-B-day....Rain-blood...
Ha. I can totally do that. :)
I miss elementary where I use to bring cupcakes to my friends.
Talent is God-given: be humble. Fame is man-given: be thankful. Conceit is self-given: be careful. -Coach John Wooden
Can you ask the universe for two?
Its a very beautiful sunny day outside:D<3 I think I'm gonna go hangout with my girlfriend today(:
We need to get you on here in Portland! Would you want to join us sometime??
Erica and I are watching a hearing where this guy is claiming to be Puerto Rican... He's like give me a chance to get my birth certificate o
of course, dude -- awesome first webinar, too. You guys really know how to do it up right. I was taking notes. :)
Final RING Cycle starts tonight. That means artists start leaving town tomorrow. Bittersweet.
Can the league review a Flagrant 2 call and possibly downgrade it to a F1?
I was wondering who I would need to talk to about using the Enoggera Military Camp for an event? Please let me know.
#nba teams r fools 4 not putting a girl on their team. U dont play ur 12th man anyway, imagine the hype you'd get. Great PR; ticket sales!
#At least the #brewers wont face Kershaw in the series. but Kemp has been unloading.
Thankful 4 all my followers!
RIGHT?! c:
Kay fuck it i'm going on a rant. the US is NOT NOT NOT trying to change anything about 1D. I have no fucking clue where you people got t (c)
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
No doubt about it!!
#cjsm Sree says that if one in 8 couples meets through social media than 1 in 4 couples divorce because of social media
im trying to sleep bt its so hard w the smell n taste of tobacco still in my hair n mouth! evn 30 secs for a shoot lingers!
Good luck!
Thanks for Tweets!
I'm just finished at Costco. Let me check in at the fish camp & I'll meet you somewhere.
Passion for acting
not looking forward to drive home
Last Week’s Top Posts (March 25, 2012)
Libraries aren't just about preservation, but about publishing, author fees and #openaccess - they have a bright future
you are welcome and clever.
We're taking a THX giving break. Rough Cut in hands!
Mind Surfing!!
A pit bull attacked and killed a little girl, 16 months old, in Las Cruces. A neighbor shot at the dog but wounded the girl's grandmother.
Maria Dabbah once again at the forefront! Friday at 9 PM ET will be Send your questions!
11:11 wish is for to follow me, but we all know that won't happen.
and you the same lil Bro!!!! Love you!
Last week's online voting winners: Mrs. Nigeria Int'l-Afoma Eguh-Okafor, Miss MD Int'l-Chardia Murray & Miss Teen NV Int'l-Courtney Critz!
I hope got her car problems taken care of ok. It was great to run into her, but not like that :(
ha! I'm believing the one where music makes the world go round!
About firing him? That's absurd.
Sir... Just because you support it & endorse it doesn't make it legit!
Roger Gooddell wouldn't be happy
Its a hard knock life for us
Great to see again!
When I said I was fine, I was hoping you realized I was lying and you would actually care..
Leave. Like everyone else.
Hammel with another great start!
Duly appreciated.
#CottoMad, he don't wanna do a #postfightinterview awwwwwhhhh
please try to get At&t on the list? we are as Americans we have the priority than other countries and
Thank you for the #ff!
can't wait to have you!
I have one request ! Please have little lizzy after 11:30 so I can be there! I'm on my way and driving fast(Missy don't read this)
Pornography: Fact or Fiction
come on girl! It's playoffs!! Who is your team for MLB?
So much 2 do...So little Time
TIP: In a live game: Never look a your hand before its your turn. People WILL pick up on small tells you have, like wanting people to bet.
I blame it on my poor short term memory.
& u'll find championship people like championship offenses share common trends...unselfish,no shortcuts no dribble drive $ under the table
You can make a decision to past on love....but you might regret it later.. When the time is right embrace it.
Kristen Stewart Shops for Guitars at Robert Pattinson ’s Favorite Spot! (PHOTO) Kristen Stewart arrived back in Los Angeles last week,
Listening to music#chris brown
You are too kind! Thanks for the #WW!!
Yes Sir... Chuuuuch
Wtf u in it for?
Also into Native American stuff.
and so am i
u don't have to apologize. :) go study,good luck ;) <33 :D
same here! Haha
Maybe it's me, but I'm feeling kinda "meh" on summer indie movies this year. Convince me otherwise.
I <3 you ... Cause you totally aren't racist
I wanna see Paranormal Activity 3,,, so bad!!!!
We now have Craig Rubino, Product Designer at Macneill Engineering
One more shot at getting VIP suite tix for tomorrow night w/ this hour. Listen.
Joes crab shack ...
Hey fans! We Are Closing In The Next Few Minutes, And Will Resume Activity On Sunday! Well Be Waiting For You!
is for our poker tournament!! Buy in is only $300, all proceeds benefit #prostatecancer!
It was AWESOME...i'm so excited for new episodes!!!!:)
GAB WILL post searchable database online for all 6 recalls, info would have been available to anyone through records request
you guys are the greatest so ready for #TheEndIsWhereWeBegin !
Hi! Are you on Pinterest? Hansol Kim has some interesting photography you might also like.
Love the Italian dudes on
Thinking about Juneteenth and the apology
excited to celebrate my birthday this weekend at
Heading over there for dinner tonight!
This is all happening way too fast, I really don't know what to do :S
Yes it is you just aint learn its okay thou we gone get there i promise
The people did seem to like it. RT : Is there anyway you can keep that, maybe as a plugin?
Ima get her ass
why isn't she following you yet
The only high and I get is our voices when we suck helium in.
:) Do you get into Emotobooks?
RELEASING A SONG TONIGHT! Share my fanpage!
its them lace front wigs and forhead of brandys ppl dont wanna keep seeing that shit lol
Things I hate about political rhetoric: overstatement, vague terminology, hyperbole and finger-pointing. GOP most guilty of all.
he bet as a manager. when you're betting FOR your team. Days that you don't bet is the same as betting against...
My nephew bday party tomorrow gone pop tomorrow
RelationSHIPS sink when they have too many passengers.
that great backyard oak tree makes me miss Descanso Gardens.
Sort of loving the new look of
lol. I hope so
Tomorrows the day. The first Memorial Experience...soon to be know as the Disc Golf Experience. Come on out to fountain hills tomorrow
That's true. They did it without Gay last year too. Could they do it with him now is the question
sorry to hear that- you need a drink
Thanks a lot to all of you playing the fundraiser for Thor Hansen today !
Tune in to on Thanksgiving Day, it's DOGS until 2 PM! Pass the word along to all of ur #dog loving friends who missed the action live!
why anyone would sell a superbowl ring is beyond me
Exactly! Last month I had to recommend 2 current students for the same scholarship -- those were REALLY tough to write!
hahahhaa lol. And yes I was planning on driving! K yaaaay haha
Darth Vader arrives to introduce this morning's Plenary speaker Dr. Milton Chen!
Does not compute
Dictate life, dont let life dictate you...
okay, I followed back :) thank you for following me
Keep it up buddy ;)
I know, too legit. But he's supposed to be home soon...and that was at, 535. Damn.
It is a great photo. Only a few miles from my home.
whores, politicians and Fenway Park
Good! I watch your show every single weekday and couldn't imagine life w/o it.lol. BTW, I was sad to see Life Unexpected end.
I had to turn the radio off. I just couldn't listen to it.
There's really not lots of details. I thought hard, but couldn't make getting stuck in an escalator at Time dirty.
What are the chances the cast of Jersey Shore use any so called "SAT Words" or somewhat intelligent words on the season recap?
At the mall, remembering why I never go to the mall.
I'm practically in a vegetative state after the release of the #Budget4All so tired
I am a pirate. Thanks to temporary blindness and a twitching eye, I am wearing an eye patch.
Omg. I hate #Texas weather. It's just terrible. Help :(
is anyone famous followin u
"Good Friday" falls one week before Friday the 13th.
Hopefully gonna be out of here by 1 o'clock
You're very welcome. Lol it will be nice to be yall twitter sister
Talking to your exboyfriend about who they a cutecouple with is just plain
what time yo?
I am SO looking forward to wearing my fuzzy earmuffs, bulky jacket, boots etc. I especially can't wait for the frigid weather! Sarcasm lol
That was a fun read. The people of Boston must miss him.
I know right
tour de tech terrace. Drunkards all over
Dunk, fat and stupid is a great way to go through life no matter what they might say (animal house)!
I love my best friend
Peyton, just come to Seattle.
Running errands today then going out later maybe!!!
Tip #191: There is always more to learn.Turn off all distractions & pay attention. You will discover something to help you chip up.
#PickMeEllen cause you'd make my dream come true !. But are you going to be there?
Potheads <<<<<<< Stop smoking
Criss!please check out my twitter profile.i think ull really like the background.let me know what u think.8 more days til chat
K pasta?
You shouldn't worry when a girl cares too much about you... You should begin to worry when she stops caring.
The 30th birthday party week has now come to a conclusion- thank god:)
HI HI HI :D How's #Believe going?:)
Ugh jeez. Didn't know Delta is the official airline for #Cardinals. #fail. I will email the Cards to let them know.
Yo my cuzo was #SOOZOOTED that he tried too hit the blunt from the lit end.
Good morning, Sara! Is the spider still in your bathroom?
NICE!!! RECORD IT AND SEND IT TO ME!!! :) See you soon!!! Have Fun!!!
#e10_sess041 #educause10 why is lecture capture important to you? What problem is it solving?
Kinect sensor allows users to operate the Xbox 360 interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
RT : Everyone please thank for his support of the tech community please send him a thank you
she saw him today morning, and he pulled her in the car.
With our kid being a little incubator, we're sick of being sick! Need to tweet more, just can't find the time or energy at the moment. :)
you're a little monster right?
it was great. His memoir may be theo next book on my list!
Friends are confident Giffords will return to Washington and her husband to space
So is yours!! “: thanks for the follow guys. Interesting product :)”
People can be slow sometimes...
Big welcome to you Jason!
Some of you - I like very much. A lot of you...even though we don't talk, I'm glad you're here. A buncha funny, crazy, neurotic, fun people.
why the long wait list? Would love to join and start pinning!
Help spread the word 4 a gr8 film on #StudentDebt by gr8 #filmakers- "Default: The Student Loan Documentary" : bit.ly/kGRKrX !
this will make our Australian Gondor customers very happy :-)
Thanks for your hard work. Looking forward to advocating for a better usage of Shaed.
OMG Really? RENT TONIGHT. My fave of that year.
Just cause you have tats now doesn't mean you sexy. You was ugly without them an you ugly with them... Nothing changed lmmfao...
why do we only teach kids about the world in the most #orientalist ways possible? this is why americans are so ignorant.
Civil liberties lawyers are going to make a killing if they continue with this drone bullshit in the US
When they can't find dirt, they make it up.
Thats So Cute
I'm with Moser on both counts. Incomplete sentences = good if its a good stylistic choice. Form should support meaning. And 69er?
Beyond disappointed to hear you say this, not even close to being true
Don't Be Nasty.
RT : Don't miss #CNNPresents tonight at 8pm PST: Our president Andy Keller is interviewed by for the #Plastic Wars feat
Then on top of that u got the nerve to be ugly w/ a bad attitude !! <<<< nah nigga lmfao .
today i am mad at some one who i am not going to say who and is not my sisters ok
is probably the rudest person on this planet
dude #Lure was insane last night.. I waz wilen out with Blaise!
I didn't feel so good today, but I feel so much better now.
Take care of yourself. Eat Well. Find time for exercise. We're all emotionally, physically tired. Who wouldn't be?
We process all film! E6 & C41 from 35mm - 8x10 & B&W from 35mm - 5x7 Push/pull, mounting, clip test, cut & sleeve 94291299
Thank u for following back !
My romance novel is not your Kant, in other words. All this talk about publishing vs. Amazon treats all books as being one standard product.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
#dml2012 Seeing great prototypes for connected reading from Nokia. People in Books uses depth cameras for an embodied story book experience.
Rock it! // RT : I'm totally wearing my Left Behind t-shirt with the kilt tonight.
Why does the pitcher pitch from a mound as opposed to flat on the ground?
I got to ride in a crowded subway car with a woman changing her baby!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 56 to 61....
First Brother Apparel event is tonight at 630. Kick off 2011. Bring 15 bucks and get a shirt that helps a child in Kenya.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
RT : #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Q:Really!! All 3 of your boys have #Autism A: yes followed by Q: Wow, how do you manage it all?
Oft times on a morn such as this I am fearful of falling asleep on the MAX, missing my stop, and being dumped off at the Expo Center.
Dr. Google von Turbotax is my new favorite Bond villain--oh, and I should do my taxes.
RT Thanks to for posting #butt!!
Offense Was In The Eye Of Body Art&#39;s Beholder
good afternoon :)
hey perk, how do you like your chances in the west this year?
shouting out your click eh?
Expect the Unexpected!
I would if I knew it would be climate controlled.
too bad I'm so tired now...
All packed. Just waiting for one cardigan to de-lint itself in the dryer.
can please help us spread the word about
no homo but good porn Follow me and ill follow you
Tonight we r young
Recommendations over the past few days: Tassili (4342 N Elston) for Algerian and Al Bawadi Grill (7216 W. 87th Street) for Palestinian
You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you.
sometimes i wonder if you're truley my friend...
We have free pint glasses at #interbike booth 17021! Get them while they last!
Happy Birthday to ms. !
Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship.
RT : Been hearing about these death panels. Wonder if I can get some for my van.
American Bandstand... BAAANNNDSTAAAND ;)“: PLEASE tell me you're not talking about Barry Manilow AGAIN....”
just name a place.
Everyone knows planking, and owling, well how about penguining ?! Look up on youtube TheSquishyGuppyShoww. Its amazingly funny.
thanks :D
"would you rather eat the balls part or the asshole part?"
Thats hard to go to when I'm the star ;) Im not doing any shows today hehe
I already feel bad for my landlord because he's going to get an earful tomorrow.
6:30-7 range. We're glad to have you!
lmao #Dead! Thanks!
The teeter totters that could propel your buddy into the atmosphere? The metal-horsie swings that broke faces?
The obvious grade inflation of the scores, to me, underscores why the points are useless.
You too!
Wishing sometimes helps to make it so.
#RickSantorum out of the Presidential Race! #FuckYeah! :D
#webservius is now enrolled in Microsoft #BizSpark - really excited about the free software
Crisis communications, "profriendships" and keeping your cool under pressure. Just some of the topics we've covered today so far...
wild child sed you got that song on some live ish...thanks for making my tracks a smash
im such a mamona :")
High School Report - Kitsap Sun
when will u be in Denver
that's the worst I know
much easier than it was in 2007.
come back into my lifee
Which zoo?
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Sat | 7PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Duel of future aces? Two scoreless innings each for Bauer and Pomeranz
I hate when a bih lie on twitter. The shit makes my skin crawl!
Agreed. But usually I make my own words. Off to sleep. It's after midnight here. Don't want to sleep yet, but forced to by work.
I just woke up! Lol. Ready to take on the world!
#best17thbirthday RT : Wow. My sweet 16 was exactly one year ago.
Critical injury traffic collision kn Craig Road at Revere. Craig Road is shutdown, please avoid the area. Further details to follow...
haha I'm sure!
umm.. let me check!
If a teacher were running for Pres, and they were talking about education, wouldn't they ask the teacher their thoughts on it?
If this Rams/Redskins trade is real...WOW! Just wow!
Hey lady!Wanted to join you at Blogathon but I'm moving that weekend.A good news, bad news situation but I'm still up for BBC!
Tell me we aren't failing our children and our society when we have health disparities that fucking stark. TWENTY SIX TIMES.
Thinking about how I'm going to get to go to 's graduation party & how he's graduating next month
nope. ATL. has an awesome exhibit-sharing series w/ MOMA. This is "Modern Masters" - all of my favorite artists!
If you wanna get down on a collab E-Mail me the track and I'll lay it down!!
So good RT : Harold's in Hyde Park. 3 piece dark, hot+mild sauce, salt+pepper RT : Q5 #FoodieChat Who makes the best
haha lol but i am a true country girl no matter what
Review our Excellent 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and $4 Jeremiah Weed on Wednesdays!
that's nice u ready for cold huh??
when is your florida dates? Please reply(: peace,love,vanity (i made that up lol)
Going to bed late on a school night thinking yeah I'll be ok. And then waking up feeling like a fly that's just been shat on
This bitch got no ass and braces.. You ugly af and she swear she bad! Negative!!
prom dress shopping online.
Madame addressing the IMFFA highlights the importance of families at the
Sports card is coming back, more details to come.
wat store do u get "dat" from in cali..the one I go to in inglewood is basic as fuck
: o like mine with marshmellows & whipped cream . I make mine with milk not h2O. Hersheys unsweetned & add splenda, sugar etc
that's cuz it ain't N DALLAS!!LOL
packed for Kevin Farley tonight!
your trolling is pretty obnoxious.
I love NY!
herve mons le chartreux is the milk chocolate of cheese.
On this day, Janet Reno, a Miami native, was the first woman to be sworn into office as the 78th Attorney General.
True friendship osnt being inseparable, its being separated and nothing changes :)
4 or 5 comebacks came to mind...but they are all lame in light of the bad ting happening to a real person whom I care about.
vampire weekend's "campus" on commercial for The Lorax--of course, i went to college with those dudes, they may be more successful than i am
Ewwww school ugh but I feel really sick I think I will stay home tomorrow!! I hope I do e!!!
Haha. Jai Alai is awesome. Was pissed there wasn't any near me when I went to FL. The Jai Alai IPA is good too.
I'm pretty sure what it came down to was you either really wanted Gordon Brown out, or really didn't want the Tory's in.
I hate unproductive days :/
That's right - I know a good thing when I hear it! Have a great weekend!
Did they just realize their sked now? RT : Giants mad about having to play Broncos on Thxgiving. Complain of short week, long trip.
I'm a tough act to swallow. I love how you randomly pimp me out.
Not a huge fan of this post. Let's continue to propagate antiquated gender stereotypes, yay!
let go whenever you want :)
It's been a very #medieval #manuscript #microfiche kind of morning. Said MS shattered all of my previous assumptions about 15 Signs.
mY TOP 5. Andre Johnson, Roddy White, Hakeem Nicks, Greg Jennings, Desean Jackson, with Larry Fitz in a close 6th!
RT : Do not judge your neighbor until you walk two moons in his moccasins. ~Cheyenne
It took me 30 years, but I just realized that in order to get up early...I simply needed to go to bed earlier. Haha.
On a journey to Disneyland with :)
Dedication is a must...ain't got that part your soul is weak
Urgent, important, immediate, and imperative
Knees buckled..damn Cotto...hes nice as hell doe
Thanks! Not that terrible really, mostly just time,stress, tons of paperwork...médical exams in dark clinics...hehe, Good Luck!
what's good miss naughty
#Marvelous Monday to you!
I mean like sagging pants and shirts that can be used as a dress.
You're confusing NFL fans with Jets fans
Woo-hoo!!! Congrats! RT : NPtalk is celebrating our 2 year anniversary next month - join us!
Interesting that my 'blocked' list is longer than my 'follower' list. Am I too picky about the type of crap I have to read? I hope so.
My plan for tomorrow is to take a long walk while listening to an audiobook.
Thanks. Part 2 is now up.
I personally think Myers will be brought up first, He is more of an all purpose player.
I should send a cardboard cutout of myself (a la SJK) for the house.
my impression is this: Well, 52% of it is(LaFollette's progressive WI). 48% is McCarthy's Wisconsin. No in between.
I'm so tired
yea good idea, how many gallons do you think I'll need?
Having a PYT-Nikki-Only day :) woo!
Just have to keep on believing. :)
whenever you get this haha xD
Heading down to the beach for the last time :(:(
Looking forward to
Happy mothers day to all the teen moms out there! 👶
I bet your a screamer.
I'd disagreed but were all entitled to our opinion. :)
great meal - can't wait to return!
Don't Trust Too Much, Don't Love Too Much, Don't Hope Too Much. Because That Too Much, Can hurt Soo Much.
I was setting right behind UK sidelines on the front row, have a great video of when the horn sounded. Will send it to you.
Maryland what up ?!!!!! #368Fam I'm here !!
you're in love with a gay man
people piss me the fuck off .
Love. Living. In. America. Just voted for....heh heh heh. Nope, not gonna tell ya for whom in either local or national.
Gracias!! RT : Friends, follow - a new Nashville music blog from a fine lady who just moved to Nashville.
haha yes it did! Now the geese seem sad :(
so you do
As soon as we get the tape in NY, I'll check it out! So glad you're getting to do some moderating.
Gotta whole headache
Im just sitting out here watching airplanes.
I think it was originally thought to be from navy blasts.That's what I think.Bet it's just getting covered up lk most controversy
#FF because he's a neato kind of kid. And likes Pokemon... a lot...
cool! You know what you gonna do yet? :)
ladies man ;)
#Relationshiptips Take your significant other somewhere in your city neither of you have been before. Newness and spontaneity: always tops.
I hope to make my way down there a few times, tanning & corona's!!
oh man this would be incredible
did you get to stop in and see us?
hahahaha yes I know! Some people these days....
Sure mom ill stay awake while these guys put a new door on as loud as they can !
Alot bad bitches in the club #AMEN came in the game killin niggas
Only half as self-conscious that I'm seeing a movie by myself as I thought I'd be.
56HRS of plowing with very little sleep no mail boxes or mirrors yet.
Wanting something that you can't have makes you want it even more <'3
Good Morning #DopeSwaggers :)
Less than 2 weeks till opening day...
I'm pretty sure Washington, DC is the only place on earth where #rockcenter is a trending topic.
#gopackers!! :) Looking forward to watching the game today against the Oakland raiders.
Deborah Eisenberg and Wallace Shawn at tonight. Wonder if tonight is the night to ask them to adopt me. #kidding (#kindof)
That might be a recessive gene from you and your wife. LOL
No movie but still a fun night
thanks for mentioning us!
we'll talk about it in 2013 If you still remember :)
Avengers sucked!
Just sent you an invite to our blogger meetup at #FOSE on Weds - hope you can make it!
Ur with my cousin?
I can't believe I finally saw you haha how random
Your backpack is inside out bro.
I have a great person! Send me an email.
is it pathetic that i have an Eharmony account, and i see people from highschool on it?
talked my mother into reading Slaughterhouse Five by but she didnt like it so im divorcing my parents & getting a new mommy.
Tonight! ATEC/EMAC Showcase starts at 6:30 at the Conference Center. ATEC will be starting us off, followed by EMAC. Come on out!
John Siegenthaler starting speech now at
Getting some people on to any of the Google Apps is more difficult than it should be. This is why I am making a PDF.
Something something universal healthcare. RT : Cuba's population is larger NYC's. 78,763 NYers have died of AIDS. Only 2,364 Cubans"
yeah! I saw you!
My sister is in town haven't seen her for months. Much better than going out anf losing money.
To add to the streak of unfortunate events, I had row G for Dream Theater but they didn't accept my credit card :( The worst.
i cant go outside this house is to f..king small
What assignment would you ask "Him" for?…… In order to begin changing things for the next 20 years coming up?……
DM me your number?
those are the ugliest boots/shoes I've ever seen
Careful, or you will get vacation hate-tweets like did
Deposits can still be made through the overnight deposit box and by mailing them in during spring break
Screening at next year's SXSW. "When Rats Attack!"
Yo #losangeles you can catch me at the Comedy Store TONIGHT in the main room at 8pm!!
i value personal property rights!
Making sound talking points while looking fabulous!
ha ha! We sent back some warm weather! It was a cool trip, Thanks!
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Drawing News , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
Slow start today. Cats are fed.
usual BULLSHIT <3 ,how are you?
Good effort but the caps are just too good to always fall short every year. Its ok though bc next year is the
Board meeting #welcomenewestboard members
Wonderful stories tonight by Dr. Paul Osteen
The helicopter scene from "Sudden Death" comes to mind.
Its Saturday, what are your weekend plans?
Oh no! Ce n'est pas bon. Is that correct? :)
Want to sit somewhere besides my car or desk. With waves and sand.
Smooth flight from #ORD to #ZRH on Fri, train to #Konstanz, bus to #Dingelsdorf, and walked home 700m. No snow left, sunny and cold.
the curren$y concert? Your in portland?
Good Word: TURBOPARALYSIS – vigorous, dramatic motion without steady movement in any direction. [Michael Lind, Age of Turboparalysis, 2011]
Gorilla productions presents the playhouse square sat nov 13th!!
Thanks so much! Much appreciated!!
I'm crazy! What can I do! I can walk and walk and walk in silence without talking to anyone!Oh Hello everybody Good to hear about you.Thanku
Mood can improve by up to 29% if exposed to a positive tactile feeling. Web Mktg cant do that, Print and paper can
Not finding that Eloqua content strategy worksheet with a quick search. Will look more. (Sorry for delay too.)
Cooking dinner tonight? Come get your fresh veggies!! At low prices
Call me ASAP
He can, but he is no way in Tortorella territory, IMO
My bruh came thru in morning with early bday breakfast. Good Looking out it was much needed (:
Rep Rehberg issues a threat to on
Everybody dance now!
I'm gonna close my eyes while Chris Brown is onstage.
RIP to Wayne
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime. -"Illusions" by Richard Bach
In a Samsung Galaxy far, far away ... will Android still rule?
Congrats bro watch out for my Cowboys next season hopefully LOL
still getting used to new drupal.org, where is the druplicon!?
great show last night at UCB. Yes Im the guy you picked to tell the story about shaving. yes I'm now afraid of public speaking
Go from Old Tappan NJ to Old Pueblo (Tucson) AZ Where you won't warm the bench
It was! RT : That was a nice piece of driving by Dale Jr.
we look mad tired babe lol what u doing up ?
Fado Fado in the house tonight! 19 year old David Couto is the guest Fadista..
Pizza tonight? Yea, I think so...
Ready for Fall? Stay tuned for more details about our fun welcoming event at the library. It's a great way to start your semester!!
Follow along as I live tweet from the Big "I" or IIABA event in #DC on
Are you rooting for the #Packers?
Julia Roberts is such a beautiful woman
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Rohn
Good morning everyone! Back to work this morn. Everyone have a great day! :-)
Almost didn't publish it. But what the hell. Hoist with his own petard, etc.
I've been MIA lately, but i'm back!!!
Post The Pic On My Fb JMK Lol And I Hate Ppl.
so like in 3 weeks ?
I am such a fan of yours, can not wait to buy your CD. Rock on mr Nelson.
Going to bed early again!!
I seen him!
This time Patricia tweeted fortunate, happy, prosperous, and successful
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to the #Tea Tweets
Really learning a lot going to the WorkSource here in Portland. Thank you to all of the great staff that are supporting me. Cynthia Harris
you gonna be there tomorrow?
My run today was the same exact pace as my run from a week ago - 8' 38"/mile. Amazing consistency!
#RobinThicke arrested for #weed possession ;; now he's a real R&B artist lol
That's my plan! :P
fine. Be that way
You must be cool. :p
The Shit That Happened Wasn't a Game 2 Me..
I Hate When I Forget To Press Send On My Phone Then Sit & Wait Theree For A Reply Likee An Idiot ! -_-
Learned a Turkish word today, --Merhaba!
Life is amazing.
I see you making moves you come along ways since i first srtd followin you on twitter stay true to your path and you got it
Brother, can you spare a web tester? Participants needed to test #gov website May 18 at GSA in DC. Email
Join me 7/22-29 on where I'll be cooking up #healthy & #spicy foods in their Culinary Arts Center. Gonna be a great week!
Psyched to be interviewing hyperlocal blogger for our series. Chatting today at noon. LMK if you've got questions!
Can the Brewers build off last nights win? and what's it like filling in an entire game for Ueck? joins the show @ 3:30pm
And I love y'all back!!!
I'm still surprised. Just early! Hooray!
#RIP Whitney Houston
everyone who went to RIT should remem- *CLICK*
Wow! I feel like i've been waiting for YEARS! for this dude to deliever my pizza like i dont mean to be rude but Mia Michelle Monk IS HUNGRY
looks like McLovin came in for the awkward hug this time.
This campaign journey has been amazing. Our community is excited about the CHANGE that is coming. Let us keep up the momentum and...
Man that was loud. The Blue Angels must be practicing.
You know you're not foolin anyone.
Graceland enjoying some hot wings and my 15% off Jacket Backers discount.
You should do what i do when im made. auto erotic asphyxiation. love it. give it a try
loving the #aera2012 tweets. living vicariously through ya'll, keep 'em coming.
Being honest and sticking to it is painful..
Thanks! Happy Holidays!
That awkward moment when you scream uncontrollably because you've read one too many tweets/updates starting with "That awkward moment..."
