Cool lesson: don't focus on what others are doing, live your dream.
Done. I've blocked off time on my calendar. Fells? And time?
Good Morning Tweeples! #Tuesday is the most productive day of the workweek..or so I've been told.
Wow...relaxing now...It was a wonderful weekend.
holy shit.. Your car is amazing
that she was bossy WHILE sleeping means there is no downtime.
haha I was like "You hangin with Kanye and Kate Upton now?"
Be real and you get Real Be Fake and you'll get Fake I'll take "Real" for 100 please lol
Saw an argument between 2 guys I went to high school w/-about sports. It ended w/ one calling the other Squidward. I turn 30 this year. SMH
Shoutout to all of our new followers especially - be sure to stop by our site at www.allwidoiswin.com
Yeah, for about a month or so, I was mistaken for a tumor. Until my mom's gen physician ran a pregnancy test, as a lark.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...' ~ Isaac Asimov
because its our only black lil area in the city
My eBay Black Metal-shirt buying obsession knows no bounds.
Which restaurant is your favorite in Denver?
love you
advocates peer review as a way to place a work in a scholarly ecosystem rather than as a gatekeeper
What does it mean when one in seven people think the end of the world is coming? - CNN (blog)
- Craig what is the update on the weather in Cincy
I have big news!
Sem G: Wisser: emphasizes significance of context in archival description; contrasting to how context is handled in rare cataloging
Im glad no one, much less my babe, has seen me when I wake up in the mornings. I look like a damn monster lol
Loved the story! Your Mom is a doll!! Xxoo
ran into BReise on hollywood blvd buying quarts of blood for ur wed night class....watch out! xo! ;)
I understand that norton and mcafee protect you really well even if they are annoying. clamwin is free but not quite as ballin
Best part of my day!! : Getting home and taking off my heels...putting on shorts and flip flops...always feels good!
#ThisSummerImTryna get really tan!
On average, motorists spend over $6000.00 annually on vehicle related costs!
i was joking ,duh. i mean i smoke 10 bowls before 4:20 pm,so obviously not me........
I know that your book would be an asset to us and getting our marriage on track
Flying squirrel invades New Jersey emergency room? Another captivate network gem
justin!! ALERT!! almost #21millionfans... let us make it a #TREND common guys please retweet if u love each single #belieber !
GOD LEE
Breathing...merely breathing...
Cleveland has infrastructure? RT : Federal agents have arrested five people who were plotting to blow up a bridge in Cleveland.
Wow what a game and thank you refs for one good call at the end!
hell yeah, brawww
the answer is yes to many of the patsy "fall guy" people who were deemed responsible for the deaths of the "influentials"..
there is a good possibility in the future
Gettin' ready for some #exercise with Beautiful sunny day, full of optimism for the future and ready to conquer the world.
Mother's Day is this Sunday! How do you plan to help mothers in your community this weekend?
Ok let me change my pic. But I have the same old boring pics. I've been too lazy to take a new one..
I ain't got that much money today but before the year is out I gotchu
"The best things happen at the exit ramp of your comfort zone." - Karen Salmansohn
"Its hard to box out someone built like Paris Hilton" ESPN2 analyst describing #UMass forward Raphial Putney (6'8", 185). Really?
THIS BITCH ON STEVE WILKOS SHOW IS FUCKING HER DAD !!! DAFUUUUUUQ
TUF live right now!
even if you did look like you had just come home from the corner, still beautiful!!
Buckminster Fuller suggested putting managers in orbit. He inferred that work would still go on.
if bowlen's here...money is the discussion
Getting my body fat % and RMR done tomorrow with the latest technology. 100% accurate, I'm getting scanned!
when i get mad i mess up my words.
R.I.P Officer Wong, you'll truly be missed by a lot ! We will always love you.
We need to do that body paint joint...exclusive shirt style! Put that together and lets collabo. Nice vid!!
lmfao boy shut up how you know that was me
An argument, no matter how cleverly presented, built in part from misinformation must be corrected before its conclusion has worth.
5pm & 7pm bringing it for Easter! Live stream sdrock.com/live Well worth seeing live!
you look FANTASTIC! athe best ive seen you in 4 years! you look skinny, but not to skinny! Good for you Jill!
niggas are funny
Oh, what.... no more than 20 candles?
Things are moving fast! Several eco roof & green wall projects have come on board & we're bidding green roof and living walls almost daily.
well things just got awkward... Lolol
EW WAIT, I just saw the Tupac hologram Coachella performance, SO CREEPY. and they're planning on making hologram technology public. wow.
I hate Tweeting under the wrong name.
I bet that was Austinn!!
Have you tried the HBO iPad app? I found it ok for catching up a bit on Treme.
Will I be able to get into college?
Band name: Homeless Defecant
Anyone, does Google SearchWiki, where you add, remove and rank search results, have any effect on the overall Google SERP algorithm?
My damn nose will not stop runnin!!
I will be there darlin
Why am I obsessed with Dubstep? c:
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers, you all are Queens!
You're the best Have a wonderful weekend! ^jl
chillin, eventually falling out.
I'd rather be around a person I KNOW is a snitch then someone whos in the closet wit it!
RT "Don't leave your kids at Chuckie Cheese." // HOLY CRAP my best friend is hilarious.
You are the biggest degenerate I know. SDSU BYU? Really?
Show to night!!! pc4pc?
Chest up, eyes up, prayed up. Blessed to be on this wonderful earth for another day. Everybody have a great day.
ask us about our free "NATURAL STONE CARE GUIDE''
the comments are interesting; i love that the proceeds are for library diaster relief!
sweet!that made my day...knowing that i'm making other peoples' days
Hi Gary, good to meet you, too. I have checked out Sapphire Star and even submitted to them. Best of luck with your writing.
it definitely has its pros and cons! haha
I'm crying over Steve Jobs' death. That's not weird, right?
nice job Hubert.
Brewers just scored three runs on a single hit—2 walks, a HBP, another questionable paly in the field and a wild pitch are to blame
Congrats of on being named the Most Outstanding Sorority President Award at Order of Omega Awards Banquet!
no bad wbu??
Just cut in a #Wilhelm scream for a WW2 film I'm working on, "Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed." I hope it makes the cut!
Next week!!!
god has plans for each one of us, that's why im handing the steering wheel over to him :) god is great!!!
Hey guys, we hope to see you all this friday in boca! We're opening for , , , , & !
No doubt. Think it is easier to get to Charlotte from NY. It actually takes less time:-)
True story: D'Brickashaw Ferguson wore a business suit during his #NFLCombine team interviews. A job interview is a job interview.
hahahahahahaaaaaa I hope she falls and breaks all the bones in her body
So wrong and in so many ways. Love it!
They are playing "Must-See TV" theme songs on repeat and I know them all.
I have no beef with vegetarians
Nigga asked me if I'm in love -_- no. But I love him there's a difference :/
Make sure you check out our mascot Dwain T. Pipe @ the Tucson St. Patrick's Day Parade this weekend. Nobody's cooler than Naughton's!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
If you aren't paying for it, you're the product.
omg my child tweeted that shit ive gotta lock this phone before he embarrass me lmao
Weekend-- I welcome you with open arms! Enjoy it, friends! They tend to go way too fast
The awkward moment when u propose 2 a stripper, & she reminds u she's a Stripper & was just using u.
Doing one-shots this week for education, business, speech path. Prepping for nursing, kids lit, more Ed and sp next week.
alright, i can also set up a new meeting and you can call in using a UK#, would that be easier?
Only 6 more hours..
LET'S GO PACERS!!!!
Ohio AG Wants Foster Care System Reviewed - WLWT Cincinnati
"HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!" Remember to give thanks to all our Military and say a prayer for them.
Had to tweet that
You got it! Let us know if you ever need us for anything
So I saw the tupac hologram......that's not a hologram!!! That's Tupac.......I'm sure of it 0_o
Blue & Purple
Such an amazing Easter weekend thus far celebrating the greatest sacrifice ever made. Get to a campus tomorrow.
Sunshine Pilsner is one of my summer favs.
The best use of a personal foul ever! Green Bay is shook
Still have not gotten that text. Michael better text me or I'm gonna have to text him first.
It 5:45am and I'm sitting outside of work because I'm early...smh it's too early and cold I should've grabbed some coffee
I hate the spurs
Streit with a tricky little shot that Turco stops. Mottau shoving with Niederreiter after the play.
New car, muthafucka!! :)
Good morning everyone!
Never thought #Transformers;DarkOfTheMoon Would make me cry.
Off to the Hoboken International Film Festival awards gala to see if there's any appreciation coming out of the HIFF constituency.
Wow great job ruining Mother's Day for her
There are worms in my fridge and crickets in a bag on my kitchen counter. Welcome Flash, our new geeko.
RT : Hey family, save the front parking lot for our guests tomorrow, please park in the side lots or around back.
goinng 2 bed Rushers any good night tweets?
Check this out-GetMotivated.com. Chicago seminar with Brian Tracy,Zig Zigler, Mike Ditka to name a few. Keep smiling.
Oh sowi.....u shouhld a mentioned me single
Here Here!
just picked up pizza. I love pizza. This may be the best day ever. I get paid to eat and tweet!
Everyone come & shop with us here at Northstar Mall anyone that comes in today & follows us on here gets a DISCOUNT off anything ManagerDina
What do y'all recommend I do with my last five minutes alive before my wife comes home and fucking kills me?
4/21: Gov. Perry Issues Proclamation for Days of Prayer for Rain in TX. 9/5: Catastrophic fires burn thousands of acres, force evacuations.
Wanna watch the titanic 3D .. Deff gonna watch it soon!
is watchin a mama & 2 baby deer in th back yard under th apple tree they luv th@ tree blessings :)
Amazing that in AFA's 13 years in the MW it has won 5 conference titles - 2 of them by men's track this year
Dear japanica why do I bother with your horrible service... Oh yeah your sushi is good
Oh okay.
#terps just own #wolf pack, somewhere #rivers is crying
This is why we have rain jackets. RT : Such a lovely day for the staff picnic o_O
It's in the works, along with several other projects. Stay tuned. Thanks!
The moment when you're debating to go buy #redbull then open your backpack to find a giant can waiting to be drank
you just
What is Shakespeare in the Streets? New event?
biber follow me please please follow me
S/O to me and momma! HAPPY BIRTHDAY Momma! ;)
Thanks to & for the follow!
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Good luck to the #COLTS this weekend! Don't forget to check out ask well!!
A toilet paper commercial just recommended discussing their product on facebook. Social media is depressing.
Was this close to booking Tosh.0, oh well, on to the next one as Jay would say!
Yup. That looks familiar too. Tho my standard practice was squeezing it out through the straw like a fountain.
The cove, born into brothels, food inc., bully, all examples shown
When you try to feed someone something they're allergic too. Without knowing it was what they're allergic too until after. Thats why no like
Not looking forward to this photography exam
This file cannot be opened because it is Kurupt.
Jumping in the convo now. Catching up and learning from these points. Great stuff!
What I need from you is understanding
Exactly How to Lose 30 Pounds in 30 Days - coming soon
Depends what parts of Tokyo. In my old master's neighborhood, you couldn't walk down the street without being attacked. :P
haha I play u 1 on 1 anytime anywhere
umm, relax? At least for the summer
do you book group travel ?
Good Morning Ms.CHACHI
Happy Birthday to my Brother Kevin!
It's cold too.
Your natural fascination advantage reflects how you naturally succeed and persuade. What are you currently doing in your career?
Dr. Giedds poses question: can u be addicted to the Internet? Diff cultures approach differently.
Given my recent press coverage, how did I not get an invite to celebrate #Roswells42BdayFavorites!?
refreshing the fedex tracking page and seeing that its in your city but wont deliver for another day
There are years that ask questions and years that answer. ~ Zora Neale Hurston
As long as there's something to see I'll see it with you. As long as the days can seem we'll find something to do
It's the #First Day of Spring!! How is your #salon going to make the best of the warming season?
playing baseball with no effort or passion is a crime. The Red Sox are guilty.
I have way too many people following me and I'm not following back. My bad twitterlings. Following now...
Keep reading about multiple versions of Windows 7. When will MS get it? We need one consumer/business version @ $149. Make MC a $99 add-on.
I will get the best tan ever this summer.
Kanye West is the only one that can say Good Morning @ 10:01
follow me :)
Im doing great Alana how are you? 
- Thanks so much for coming on the show! :)
What is there to hate?
can you handle the raider rash? OU couldn't?
Shes as bright as the Dallas sky, she always holds her head up high, she loves the company of her family.
not bad I'm a a big panik fan ... Wasn't rashaun Dixon drafted in 08?
: Darn :( all I want it for you to Tweet me lol good luck!
Start using DuoView digital x-ray for as little as $120/month! Contact Dan @(913) 915-6089 or , today!
. My apologies. I was too busy being wildly successful to get back to your tweet. I'm sure you understand what that's like.
my brother once was painting a house slipped and just about got hung by them. I would say no #ouch #
Spring Break is here! LDCM is open every day next week, Mon-Fri 9a-4p. Make your vacation an exciting, interactive, family experience!
Guess who is seeing in february?! This girl is!(:
If you'd know where it was, you'd know where it was. -Grandma...
smart lady. I'm going to steal that from her.
needs to come to ny asap!!!
Can anyone share a good assessment tool that help measure recidivism?
Jersey Shore in 15 minutes :)
Alumni Basketball Challenge tonight. Very fun event, this year's alumni team should be very strong. Let the fun begin @ 7pm!
it's a beautiful day in tennessee! #why am i still in the car?
Thanks, Lauri! Has a nice sound to it :)
Put more cherry lip balm on! *kiss*
RT : If I don't know you & you're asking me to do something for you for free, please don't be offended when I'm not flattered.
The new site is beautiful.
Yep. Easy install. Slick experience overall. Account linkup felt like magic. So far so good.
That looks like chaos, calm everybody down.
U all Deserve a good time! U look fabulous.UR in my prayers & I LoveU♥
Throwing my favorite sister (my only)- my best friend, 1 of my soulmates, a kick ass bachelorette party tom! Shooting with
Should be an awesome event. sponsors #smbmad. Robert Half Tech and
I hope this wish actually comes true
Thank you for having us on your Hometown Hotspot segment this morning.
True. But I'm confident that every "spiritual" person has this thought when confronted with death.
:) It is so great to say to yourself when things aren't where you want them to be! It helps.
Not cool at all and are both good and extremly talented.so why competition??
It is a good thing my apartment is so small. I don't have to lurch very far to retrieve necessary items.
idk cause id have to get a ride home sunday depending on when the game is.. they won't know when til Saturdays game is over
I'm at karaoke and I'm gonna sing buffalo soldier with a jamaican accent!!! - Aaron : )
Happy Mother's Day to me - just took an hour long nap!
May the new year be filled with love, peace and music for you.
Don’t wait for a storm to buy an umbrella. Start planning your holiday stories in advance. For instance, Memorial Day is coming up!
so hepped up on multiple iced teas, driving back to Bmore.
You've got to label #Breivik what he really is, a
Sucks when you realize you're not so different.
Never get attached.
see you later this week in Indianapolis! www.nbmshows.com/indy
Watching "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Having a serious heart to heart then i see & convo on here& now i cant stop laughin #wtf <3
delete this !!
I thought for a second you spelled soccer wrong. RT : Dear ESPN, today is May 11. We don't need to talk about Tim Tebow.
Lol the only place I find them acceptable is in the garden even then soo ugly
twitter just wack
Haha oh so you were a hippie then? Haha jk jk, well I'm glad you're not a hippie!!
Omg...hurry up I wanna go home old man!
This is my pursuit of happiness :)
yeaa ... i need to get some money....
damn that's pretty sad, your grandma goes harder than you do
Went on a walk with S tonight :-)
#Letsbringback the whole 80's look so i can go buy a jean jacket.
haha! I like that! Did u make it up urself? :)
RT : sayeth the physicists: There are no things, structure is all there is.
hey there bad ass!:)
Entitlement Addiction - American Thinker
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<33333333
Happy International Women's Day. And remember, women are the majority. Let's act like it.
Our good friends The Trophy Fire play The Great American Music Hall with DREDG tonight. Love the new tracks, Ben...sounding great!
Winter weather advisory but it looks like our sessions will continue as scheduled. If you feel the roads get too iffy, call or text.
sweet lol i get TSA issues all the time. strobes in a pelican transport case look like warheads and I transport a gun also
Watching Jimmy Fallon, & NOW realize why everyone said Indianapolis was so Friendly downtown, Alcohol was being served everwhere.
summer reunion party tomorrow!! I better see you!
Awesome. not sure if I saw you on stream or not last night. What team were you on? RT : Its cool! Lol. The team matches
Hi Terri, have a good night
My godsister does not have a Twitter account but just told me of 3 tweets of mine that made her laugh. Is that not stalker-ish behavior???
Spending some quality time tonight with my good friends Bolman and Deal.
They could've atleast got a better instrumental. . .something a lil more original
i love how totally gets me, and how when i say certain things to my bf he says "crazyGFprobz" <333
Jusg got home from school! :)
SURF: 2-3 ft + (Pacific Beach) knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS Offshore flow and mostly clean conditions this afternoon
digs won't let me connect to hotmail or a second twitter account. what's up?
We're working on it. RT : put some of that clear10 in Akron!
Hi publisherspage. Hope everything is well with you. I am very happy to meet your acquaintance. Will get back after Tbreak.
I'll watch Attack The Block now
Thanks to Tammy Haddad 4 another wonderful #White House Correspondent's Dinner brunch. Later, the dinner ... to see who is there to see!
Blue Olives at Badger Bowl tomorrow night.
omg if they are playin w me I will b sad
thank you very much
#nw crossroads !! Lol such a great movie.. Back when britney was still innocent
I love watching NBC5 sports Sunday. Very funny show. as funny as SNL. HS TV live every Sunday night. Not talents fault. Technical issues.
RT : Hey what's the location of tonight's event? > 9-11 Crawford St. Suite 8
shooting a gun! Ecspecially the BIG ones...lol. Good job & good luck! Have fun!! :-)
Just as I thought I knew it from the moment I saw you are a fucking unbalanced disaster it's official....
I forgot how slow dreamhost is to respond to help tickets. 24hrs and waiting.
Going to be a hot 96 degrees 2day. Come down by the river in & check out the beautiful scene & get some refreshing Ice Cream!
HH when you get back? I wanna hear about your trip!
ACstyle will be arriving in Hollywood next week!! Get Ready for her Exclusive Single Release Party at Key Club!! NEXT FRIDAY!
"Fans love nonsequiturs" RT : "People don't want hints of things to come, just out-of-context dialogue" - terrible Mad Men editor
For the most success you must promote your Twitter account
Let's start it right , 2nite, Doors open till 3 am, Check out the "TOP SHELF" #Bottomlesscup, NEW FORMAT, NEW DJ's, see ya
There's not a lot of "round and round" to be had: Xerox is woefully underpaying its employees at that rate.
good point but for me it's only 24 years
well it's not anything online yet, just to another folder on my mac... literally the button says publish and it puts everything...
My account was hacked o.O fasinating. not really.
Dad, will you set up the water side? "Dude, that means I'll have to put on pants".
I need to get writing over some of my music.
find anyone else needing a video shot bro or a 2nd one u want to do? #letsgotowork lol
follow back please ^.^
I love the smell of orange kush, but purplecstasy"purple dro" reaks worse then hash, but hash gets you the highest yeww:)
You are so right!
Picking up extra shifts at work when I should be studying (aka sleeping) <<<
#Hyde #SBE We will be there!!!
Tired of the shameless profiteering and the creation of an entire generation of #Orioles fans who only know losing? Follow
Happy my imdb record is finally getting sorted out from my namesake's. Enjoyed borrowing his gangsta creds, but tired of being 6 feet tall.
very sad she is very much missed....
Hope those Bieber fans don't send you threatening Tweets if that's really him!
Guess I'm calling it a night, going to sleep ⬇ is not the move. _____ doesn't care about my feelings though 😒
Check out www.buywithme.com for super deals on pilates, yoga & massages at East Village Body Shop!
Vibrant Bean and Radish Salad and Fresh Rosé for Memorial Day (Wine Spectator) A recipe from chef Chris Cosentino's new book, plus a list
It had, for some reason, the highest water pressure of any hotel I've ever stayed in.
Hi Patrick, I'm blogging about SXSWi for Entrepreneur Mag, would you have time to meet up for a quick photo today?
Worried about you watching season 3 opener, so much stress, want you and fam to be calm and happy
I say 40%. He had no business moving up into MWP who was clearly emotional about the non-call on the foul when he dunked
thanks for following!
It's true GDocs is way nice... do you use the whole suite? I use spreadsheets and docs, but I've seen cool uses of forms too...
would you consider LI, NY (Nassau) a 'local' visit? Am looking to book an author, would luv to have u, but too much $$ for overnite
who cares? His acting sucks and he's a traitor
That's why we asked -- I wanted to know what people thought vs. what objective numbers showed.
Thanks Josh for losing my like 30$ calculater during Eoi, testing yesterday.. Awesome.. #seriously though
I feel so bereft when The Daily Show takes a break.
I question the timing of your announcement about Team Radio Shack. That news couldn't wait until after the Tour de France?
No surprise that Chelsea fans showed their lack of class during the minute's silence today
#WeWereCoolUntil you became obssesed with me telliing everyone we talked
Thankful for the extra sleep I got this morning
<----Follow Big Country he a beast n the #UFC hes followin me he just might follow u!!!
he said iconic:3
it REALLY hurts ha
I'm having a hard time believing the Pittsburgh Trends list right now...no #SidtheKidComeback ? No #MarchMadness ? No #SpringinMarch ?
Striving to solve homelessness in #Miami, our shelter provides a safe transitional environment to up to 236 persons at a time.
I would be so much less happy without butter and salt.
Best of luck, very happy to have gotten to know your work. Look forward to seeing where you put your talents next. Thank you.
I'm so sorry I failed you. There is nothing I want more than for us to be together.
“: What does APUSH even stand for?” hahahaha this made my day
Since I was a kid I have wanted a music studio in my basement. I blame Uncle Jessie and Uncle Joey for some of that.
Nothing still, even after sent me a direct tweet! RT : that sounds like a bunch of BS, need to keep...
RT : It's a date! Sorry, got distracted. I'm in!
with a very nice round of 84. Only +2 on the back 9
Thanks for all the retweets :)
She's a foot dragger
Big Bill is happy to repay any FFs or RTs with a well-paying no-show government job!
REALLY like this lineup right now
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Tonight was such an amazing night! I met jaja, and emilio! Love the choreos! It was really chalenging! :D
thank you so much!
I wanna go egg hunting!!! #Easter 🐰
#randomfact...dream books were the rage in Harlem in the '20's and '30's to pick a winning # in the policy game..they were sold everywhere
Shopping for the theme for tomorrow's aid station at American Apparel w/
Words cant explaine how pissd I am right now !!
Recruiting for at the graduate fair in #Coffman hall at the
just saw stuff at target, was wondering what that was all about!
2 funny from my last posting- r Rms Exec was nice enough 2 take off his belt & let our guest borrow for his meeting. All about gst service!
na mate just watch the ticker online whilst I work. The mega millions could have solved this problem. Haha
This kid is weird.
kk i will tell him :)
Long day with but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. We kicked butt with that project!
hidden hotspots where SWA flies would be great. The things ppl should see but don't know about!
It's a little rainy but not too bad, bring a rainjacket or an umbrella.
I guess all of Seattle had ice cream cravings today - Full Tilt is packed like never before!
Good Morning guys!! Those how follow me, please tell me so I can follow back!! RT
- thanks for moderating this great chat. I'll be on the road next week, so will miss it!
well I'm handed to South Beach on Tuesday. I'll keep a close eye for
Raquel finds useful teaching tips all the time on Facebook.
Soup and crackers time 👌
Rediscovering MOA's Highlands Steakhouse - Philippine Star
May 4th, mark your calendars for our FitFiesta! This fundraiser will allow us to further our efforts for the prevention of
Who's going to Washed Out tonight??
I'm thinking a of starting a hits and misses for each month instead of monthly favorites! Also doing a travel needs video! Going to Vegas :)
So tru wit his punk ass damn coach😱
i turn 20 in a week....damnn
Do u message back :)
It's not going to drive real estate dev in the area. That's my prediction anyway.
#gurt2011:t-shirts are very chic! Get yours at the registration desk starting tomorrow.
“ What does it profit a man to gain The Whole World and lose his Soul??” Deep but so true.....
Dam, Justin Bieber is still a Trending topic, wtf! how is that all the time?
follow because shes one of my main betchezzzzzzzzz
"Is she breathing?" *HONK* "Yeah, she's breathing."
Cost of raising a child in the U.S is 250k...my folks screwed out of a lot of money. Gonna look into my legal options.
Ah like music to my ears
we can't wait to *hear* what you come up with at our Spring Fair.
Listening to right now...right on
Congrats to athletes Scotty Mac and Kara June for winning the #Cap10K this morning. Way to run!!
hey cousin I miss you
★★star on the move★★ Leggo....
word to YOUR momma, homie. Will check it out.
#SometimesYouHaveTo keep your judgements & opinions to yourself...Never know when it could be you in the same boat someday. Live & Let Live
SHE HAS A PICTURE OF ELEANOR ROOSEVELT ON HER WALL. What a rad pig.
Fashion week in NYC--Hitting up The UPPER West side in a few to party DOWN...
Your welcome :-) <3
can you please site the specific text from the document that drives your public health concern? Thank you
January is 30's or colder in denver .... Dress warm it's a icy time if year ...
Made me an amazing chocolate cake today :) thanks brotha from Anotha motha ^.^
#ArtistCitizen question 1: To what degree have artists become agents of revitalization and placemaking?
Really eye opening to hear #nurses from Australia, the UK, and South Korea about their struggles for safe patient care in their countries.
Some of the most generous things people can do are those which you don't ask for
Maryland Basketball is weaker today - thanks and Godspeed Gary!
Huntsman on military: "At the end of the day there are families who lived through this."
thanks for sharing!
News flash---- we are now an authorized dealer of KOHLER generators for your home or business.
In Austin-surround cities how many teachers have lost their jobs in last months? Let alone all over country, this is scary...
That's my Rice University! All Fela, all the time!
b m.i.a sposed to b wrkn on dus music shit we need to get on our grind
Um, guess who can't wait for the next season of
Great to hear!
damn - igoogle revision broke the theme I've been using for like 7 years. My start page, and by extension, day, is probably ruined.
Had a great night with and our families at Snappers. Collin was down to a 6 & 200 ticket suitcase in deal or no deal and lost!
Great work guys thx
Half of South Florida homes sell for a loss according to Florida Assoc of Realtors
Excited to see the new Fantasy. Nobody does it better than
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Remembering Sunday (featuring Juliet Simms) - All Time Low
The future's bright. What they say is true. But don't lose sight. Time won't wait for you.
Yeah I guess I was wrong about friendship, feel so out of sight, out of mind...
“: Hello(; your music is awesome :D” Hi! Thank you!:))
According to #icar report, only 4% of college students value twitter for academics.
you're really dorkey in a really cute way lol
just lost a follower. they can go play in traffic. (:
blowin up my cellular with tweets today..lol
got my eyes upon the cross, staying focused on my the Boss.
I've been working on a set of Spring Textures...Hope to have a few of them up by this weekend. :)
plausible, no way to tell for certain that != 0, unless the function f is known
Oh 9ers good thing this is preseason.
I hear ya. It took a challenge from a colleague to get me to blog three of the ideas that have been rattling around in my head.
Wishing everyone a very healthy, happy and prosperous New Year!
glad 2 see he is running for fun and not because Allied Gardens has been neglected for years!
GAC top 50 of the 90s is only doing a little bit each day?? WTF!!? : /
When u love some1 more then they love u maybe u'll understand y love isn't a game but a toxic waste ppl say it's good but I dnt believe it
u the only sis i dnt hear from
i love you both. <3
Ew Ron Jeremy.
Beating women? RT Back to work!!"
Second *snow day*. Working from home.
Fun fact its halloween my sons name is owen hall his name backwards? Hall owen put 3 gether? Hallowen lol get it
I NEVER KNEW LOVE WOULD HURT THIS FUCKINN BAD
Leslie. Why you creepin?
manage yr arks via EZID and the update the target url...
I... Really want to be a mermaid.
Why does this 3 year old thinks she running something lol
watching Jack White streaming in New York is oddly exactly what I needed
Cool as a cucumber B^|
not a fan of the rib burger I got. No good
you are so fucking cute just marry now ok
hypothetically ... If the Giants, Eagles and Cowboys finish 8-8, who wins the division?
Trust the Instinct.
TapTyping 3.3 is now available on the App Store. New: Inspirational Quotes lesson and a way to purchase all courses as one full curriculum.
Ill be in chicago in 2 days. Cant wait!
Working with my biffles today... This should be an interesting day! Maybe we'll put on a mini play and act like a random customer. :D
Last week, Twitter rolled out a major new feature: Twitter Lists
but you love me and that's what matters
Hey Bill how come you didn't come back to Ithaca when I was at Cornell??
Learn to trust, and watch and interact with visitors. See what they’re doing, or what they want to do, then do more of it.
couch cushions all the way!!!!
Any iPad deliveries today? Nothin' wrong with Wishin' and Hoping'.
he is not built to be a winner
Aww thanks! Hope you are doing well!
At this rate, we're going to be trending soon
Nice! I'll bend over...
That is hysterical!
everyone who pre-ordered the limited edition prints and CDs: everything is in the mail!
Deep breath. I might understand better if I was working on mine more. Gold star to you for digging it!
((((Holy Spirit Hugs to everyone)))) I <3 You!
#nce11A. November: review your filtering...make it least restrictive
Season 2, Episode 1, "A Scandal in Belgravia" is my favorite. Absolutely brilliant!
Dear Imani, everything is inplace for you to come home. Please come out now
Thank you for your #pcbw sponsorship!
Enjoy your weekend!
Honestly I think they're overrated but give 'em a try. Their sample was a kimchi Reuben.
Missing a fam. reunion that I wanted to go to. :(
Gatewood Galbraith, the smartest man who ever ran for governor in KY, died this morning. Our thanks to the Last Free Man in America.
I love you man!
OMG I got VIP tickets to ! and I will be there!!!
let's get a plyo routine figured out first! 360 between the legs boiiiii
Stability in life is not circumstantial, but a state of being that allows our perspective and way of relating to create an inner stability.
Walking with dog (:
I miss you <3
why not... Let's get this trending
I've never wanted anything more than I do right now...and that's a teacup pig. Someone please buy me one.
- if only Twitter had scratch and sniff. That pic smells like the intersection of NE 11th & Davis
set smoke to a huge ant with a magnifying glass
Have a heart that by no means stiffens, a temper that by no means tires, a touch that never injures.
Community outreach is critical to getting projects developed- sheri Desson-
And since I'm in a mood about senseless blackouts, no I'm not going to watch AZ-Mets on Fox, even though the #Cubs are unaffected.
I like Smokey too!
That would seriously be amazing. I've been a fan for over 2 years and have been wanting to meet ya! I'll preorder it now! :D
thanks i like mayor booker he doing a good job my photo was is a promo
If you're using the #MagicTan today, STAY DRY!! We don't want any streaky lookin' costumes ;)
Good morning guys! Did you make it in to #SUBWAY this morning for a #BOGO sandwich?
domesquad for life
he's an amazing singer and a great inspiration
sounds good!
Ive been sick for a month . && still counting . . .No doctor , just theraflu - wtff !
In NYC. Hit by a taxi cab. I pitched a story about a scam targeting grandmothers using their grandchildren's Facebook info. Got a victim.
RT Sveum plans to meet with Epstein and Hoyer to discuss Volstad's rotation spot and potential options.
morning! How's life?
Just updated to our festive holiday icon! May everyone have a happy, safe holiday season!
Aloha Peter, Can we connect for tropical flower sales from Hawaii?
STOP the Beat LA chants, please
One Night Full Of Passion,, Can Give U A Lifetime Of Pain!!
I sure hope so!!
Watching #theannouncement man this story is mind blowing.
Be 'Excellent' to each other...and...'Party Hard Dude!'
Thanks for submitting, Good luck with your proposal!
They say 50 is the new 30 — not in age, in money: $50 is now worth about $30.
You should be! They don't mess around! RT : I might go to this RPM class. I'm scared of all cycling classes.
Watching #angelinajolie on right now. Been waiting for this interview for so long! Wondering if she'll talk rumours.
Headed out.
me n the roommate might be hitting up #wolskis tonight
Zac Brown Band concert promos just added
Correx: Oakland County Commission makes final vote on DIA millage May 17, NOT tomorrow. Thx!
looking good!
": #Aries often are unwilling to obey or submit to directions unless there is a very good reason to. They lead, not follow."-:)
Have a blast at #HeartCamp! RT Thank you so much for having me on your show today. Love you both! ow.ly/8Q6Ls
yeah, I agree, but that sounds like the Tea Party again. Are you saying the internet shouldn't be regulated?
Thanks for serving on the review board! Nice that I've met one of the judges at SXSW before. I hope DC is treating you well.
where u
Im swervin out after I eat!
Good thing I have a photographic memory now.
When will you tweet details about LA
I  that movie!
Well, that was...weird. Oh well, one exam down, and one exam and one paper to go.
thanks for the nice shout out for Bent Road!
Tonight I was informed that I am about to get absolutely everything that I want and then some. I feel pretty good about this.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 10:12am in Atlanta, GA it is 48 degrees. High: 64* Low: 45*
Cannot wait till tonight I'll post pics later
that awkard moment when youre friend says they got u a great Christmas present and you realzie youve gotten them NOTHING! D: pop!
WOO! Thanks my sweet scrappy paper sweetie sexy etsy sellin, elmo meltin mama!
The day has come for us to win the race. #sophsnowdogs<3
I need to know the tour dates for 's tour!!!!!! NOW!
I know I saw this too... I was like.. I need to go on that 😂
Tell all the English boys you meet to go to Murray Hill Saturday night to hang out with
When i want to kick back with some tough music that gets me pumped u know i gotta bump the
I did! Yea, the end wasn't really a big surprise. My overall faves were & for sure!
omfg you're crazy boo. I think you're so precious!
watching most daring these people fight over anything
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom. - Henry Ward Beecher
How's about April 12 or 13?
I'm the Magic Man! Now you see me. {waves hands in front of face} Now you don't.
Why are you driving? Legit, I wanna go home and sleep in my bed. But you're preventing that by driving freaking 55 in the 65-_-
I'm thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself. -Albert Einstein
Ready to go home.. One more hour
This Is What Your Future Home Might Look Like
I know architects like scripting for cool form creation-grasshopper scripts etc. But PHP can really make BIM data do cool stuff.
Today's Flatbread: Pork Tenderloin w/ sun dried tomato, spinach & mozzarella Soups: Creamy Coconut & Celery or RaspberryHazelnut Gazpacho
If you haven't been on 's homepage today, you need to go there & click on the zipper!
Prom is approaching ladies! Book your appointment for prom makeup and hair today! Call 305-669-9220
You're next indie should star this person. Just a suggestion.
Hey, Best Bud xD
wish i was at the #VMAs so I could see
Free my nigga
Looking forward to making it out to Palo Alto this week for the Stanford Mobile Health Conference. Anyone else attending?
As a person that generally struggled with spelling as a child, that annoys the shit out of me.
fl attys - if at #roi2011 lunch is on me and upchurch watson firm at frenchy's rockaway right after Nick's talk. best fish in town!
you make me hard <3 (; thanks boo!
Thx 4 the RT! U R correct! Most of the growth in San Diego is attributed 2 existing families who remain in the area long-term.
really i bet...yeah there's no place like LA. What you getting into when you come out here in a few wks tho
Not really.
Game of Thrones is starting out it's epic run like Albert Pujols started his baseball career
give a tangible help to a needy child today, before today becomes a wasted yesterday and the child grows to be a less productive adult...
Thanks man, new songs coming soon!
New show at ! Photography by Marissa Petrell! Come check them out and grab some Froyo!
Officially obsessed with the new record "Noctourniquet." Can't. Stop. Playing.
lol na that's why they kept 8 fla, and Electro , but next season def
I love you!
Happy B-Day to my daddy, one of my biggest blessings by far!!!
Since u were a NASH cop is that legal? My parents own a biz, they disc what they want-but not alcohol biz-maybe that's the diff?
had the "Sweetest" reward post-20mile marathon training run 2day. Choco cupcake from Sweet. DELISH!
Just out of curiousity - Is there a website where you made the T-Shirts? We're in need of some new merch! ;)
Going to see#TheHelp hope its as good as they say.
Thanks to for tweeting the public humanities panel
Should be a good day today
I'm good. In L.A. April 5-8. Let's meet up
Pancakes, indeed. {Pass the maple syrup.}
Hey, that's me! :) Thank you for talking to us..and putting up with the wind/rain. Really enjoyed meeting your traveling trio.
Not one usually phased by pop culture, but I've given in to reading #TheHungerGames ..
Did you show him that new trick how you can make it smoke a cancer stick?
u cant look nasty and be a twerker ladies
Aww, what a bummer!
except that I'd totally do it too :-\
Sorry it look so long, but thank you for the RT a week or so ago.
Did you know one hour of massage has similar positive effects to the body as hours of sleep?
Looking forward to the semester end so much rushing around toll is taking.
Aw it's no problem! I love supporting people and meeting new people!!:)
Struck out at two record stores, no Shabazz Palaces #RSD12 on vinyl for me.
sure will watch it!
this salt water thing- lets just say me and the toilet are best friends.
#jeep was that a car ad or a political ad?
Guy's Falcon basketball had a good season. Good luck to the girls tomorrow!
GB relish Aussie water polo clash
headed to SMX in San Jose tomorrow anyone else going?
Writing 16s like internet child predators.
just remember if you get any F's in your exams. it means you're fabulous:)
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's a photo from the Philharmonithon this past Thursday- our wearin' o' the green costume contest.
0.0 good joke i havnt met u yet xP
So, 2day i asked a girl in line @ Starbucks if i could take a picture of her outfit bc i liked the colors, lol. Thought of you. :)
I love this video a lot, okay
tweeting to yourself like a lonely lady
What's fun to do in LA with a friend from out-of-town?
With all the holiday hooplah, completely forgot about CES this week. Any predictions? Keep hearing about e-readers, but...
let's get it changing the fuckn game!
my name is aj and I like to party
Loving Elle Macpherson's long, wavy locks on the red carpet!
Thanks to everyone who came in the last couple hrs & took advantage of the $1 scoop special. Shhh we let more than 5 people in on the deal!
A Chanel sweatshirt is still just a sweatshirt.
Bulls following out of it tonight? Or can they get the win?
And the First Lady is not fat by anyone's definition.
...why you betray mi? el Awesomo es full of fun! refollow?
D-Money
Wow. I gotta contact RuPaul. Fortuna Foothills would make a great SoCal drag name.
it looks like my facebook got deleted once again..i hate this shit. i dont think i'll be making one anytime soon..you can just follow me
Equinox Executive Director Ann Tartre will be speaking about our 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard on KPBS in just a few minutes.
Rented Happy Feet 2 and told kids it was "penguin movie". They both got mad it wasn't Penguin from 1966 "Batman", which we're now watching.
#Brewers return from the Pacific w/ 3 wounded men.
She'll bring out the best and the worst you can be. Blame it all on yourself, cause she's always a woman to me.
Kamp Kizzy was so amazing I was inspired today. Thank you so much for giving back to our young girls.
Lets make a clothing line.... And modeling company...
RT : ": When little kids stare at u for a long period of time for no reason.only kids could make me feel so awkward
Sorry forr the last status, it was pedro
Do you wanna know how to get 21x more swag.? Have be in your magazine<21
#Stars2Know is awesome!!
I wish I knew what I could do to continue teaching...
Lamborghini mercy, yo girl so thirsty
I refuse to be a consumer anymore ... oh look, shiny!
Well soak it in warm water
What he said...
By the way you guys have a safe trip home tomorrow I need my new medicine all in one peace haha!
so where is my plate?
Believe me when I say that 3-7pm will be plenty of time to sample all the craft beer you can handle:)
and thts an UNFORTUNATE side effect, everyone has to give a little to gain a little tho
I was gonna turn it, then they reminded me that Brad Pitt and George Clooney were coming up next....well played ABC, well played.
All men do.
Just picked up my books for #worldbooknight! I'm so excited for this!
Finished pre-production for tomorrow's shoot! We will be taking lots of pictures for you all.
Happy new Year!
Success on my mind.
somehow, I've come far enough to follow a talk invoking vector space models!
cant make it tonight! :(
If u are experiencing attacks for no reason and you know you're doing right ,, the devils made cause you're about to be blessed!
Glad to find you here on Twitter. Looking to get back into racing this year. Say hi to Jim and Sue...it's been several years!
True love is when he holds your hair while youre giving him a blowjob
Chilies wit dinner wit boo. Again .
Mental note re: future ... Sitting by the copier is a social connection that makes work even more fun.
Not 43 min. video but slides appreciated when time means everything
“Happy’s not an action; you just feel that way.” —Ambersunshower
Thank God it's about time already!
Alcohol - the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. ~ Homer Simpson
Thanks for adding me to your list for Political.
OMG you are so lucky wow. Yea i think you are pregnant now lol. Well i'm glad you had a good time :) you deserved it.
hello.. what up?
Just finished watching The Hunger Games :D
I smell Jews
ha thanks. people are strange indeed hope you can brush off the unkindness!
I hate everything -__-
Definitely letter. Elevators too!
Who's bigger? Kelly clarkson or Adele? I mean who's a bigger... Star..?
Love is like Milk....it Expires
“: You tardy for the wedding??? Can't wait til you have a show documenting your marriage :) 143”>>psh! Never
when do you get back?!
JSB: "What would grant challenges look like if set forth by American Academy of Arts & Sciences?" Need both HUMA & STEM
oh no! At least you can't smell it on screen...
I, wrote a song, it is good, but a little to short, and kind of weird, lol
Parents are always tryna go in!!!!!!!! -___- Off to this Miles Davis Class soon...
thank goodness for that star. now i can hang with you again.
the slow red fox jumped past the boring dog.
Feeling good...
ALSO GET READY MY MIX TAP IS COMING OUT SOON ;)
Congratulations Susan S. - you won a $100 gift card to Famous Daves! We will be sending you an email soon. Enjoy!
great day for a tempo run yo ... Where u at?
so you already are out of candy? Dang!
You must not be familiar with what life is like in Philly. The streets in many neighborhoods are already extremely violent.
We #LOVE our Tweeps! Show this tweet at the door after 10pm tonight and get a BOGO Admission deal.
“: #Scorpio's can drink more than you.” hell yeah martian status👽
Well, I wouldn't go that far ;-)
After 8 days away, spent much of 1st 2-hours in office doing OS & app updates. 2 boots, 6 reboots. Safety first!
well... i can see what i can do... they fancy a red head every so often
Watching my favorite movie
Come in and try our soup du jour- split pea & ham. Perfect for a winter day.
Tomorrows game the new expansion team Montreal will reveal the new logo for 2012.
Sorry for the hiatus we're covering a lot of amazing shows in the next few weeks with a new issue coming very soon!!!! :)
“: You are not ugly. Society is. Nah, just kidding, you're ugly.”
just came from that walk
You dirty haha!
You're the 2nd person to mention that! But I guess that's the 2011, which I didn't get, sadly.
NEVER call a girl ugly
GU energy gel: speed for runners
On the way to the Magic Emporium to see Peter Pitchford
Is the Lurch Papa going to call into the show anytime soon?
6 SEO Basics every e-commerce site needs to incorporate:
ARG a terrible term and is at the root of a lot of confusion…such as this terminology-oriented discussion!
Im getting vlado's for my birthday
You taste like cherry kool aid. ;) I mean that in the most sexual way possible
Play #dyngusday twisted trivia with next!
text me il explain
phew spoilt for choice!! Was backroom any good? OMG this is fab though, what's happening that it's open on a Friday?!
it's not worth hurting myself anymore man !!! :'(
It's My Daddy's Birthday! Just Arrived In Spain!(:
more on tha way!!!
I love yo ass like the ninja turtles lovin pizza.
I've never been the interviewee and I'm a bit wary of it, to be honest. Can you e-mail me with details? nhusain14[at]gmail
Everybody need to go and follow and hear her music it is amazing...
Riding the red line sometimes reminds me of a Hey Arnold episode with the mole man who lives in the tunnels.
Photobooth rentals for ANY event: Weddings,Corporate,Birthday,Prom,Church Party
Baby you light up my world like nobody else :)
Essays essays essays... 😒
and the fracturing of the Tebow coalition has begun...now if they don't get Manning, what happens???
going well! How are you?
yes but I'm only working with 140 characters man and I got 2 get the touring bands at least
Nba players should start a bounty program to take lebron out lol.
my professor is actually a moron. wrote a paper word for word out from sparknotes and got a 97
thanks for the mention!
#TheBestFeeling Is When i get out the shower....i be like damn i smell fresh as hell
Hope everyone is having a great Friday night!
Retouching images from #fitnessamerica photoshoots. If you want to shoot, no session fee.
iPads & docents session was very well attended, everyone seemed excited.
Too cheap for iTunes? Save $$$- check me out on Pandora. Don't forget- Sun Jazz Session - 3/4 - Andys Jazz Club@ 9pm-$10
cheese and crackers!
": Who needs beats?" where they at.
#np Rick Ross ft. Nicki Minaj - You the Boss
"To me, a punk is someone who says what's on his mind and who doesn't take no shit!" -Rick James in Blues & Soul Magazine (November.1979)
I would seriously give up all my happiness for a lifetime if all my family and friends had ever lasting happiness.
Glad to see you on Twitter! If u pick the right people to follow, u can learn a whole lot!
Bon Iver is a well-deserved Grammy winner and amen for him giving Eau Claire, WI a shout out!
RT " God is our refuge and strength, an ever present help in trouble." Psalm 46:1
when i grow up I want to be like
I guarantee your gut feeling isn't all your own.
I def will once my twitter stops being retarded lol :)
I feel like an old lady
Col.Gaiter my father saw action in WWII Korea+Vietnam in watch on
rocking to the new Silversun Pickups~
surprised me too...
Doing research for the last few hours sure does make your eyes hurt. Ouch!!! Might be time for a break.
its ok just stick your whole mouth in there! No one cares! Haha
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart
Zac Brown Band WOULD come to town the weekend I'll be in Illinois.
...Been back to Revive lately for some red velvet waffles and chicken?
Ok so I am winning an eBay auction for a new tt frame. Anyone need a size small Kuota Kalibur? I need to sell if I win the auction
I spent 6 straight weeks in Denver and that damn thin air up there ain't no joke!!! I tried 2 workout & thought I was having a Heart Attack!
If you would like MCTS to contact your employer to confirm your bus was late you can call 414-937-3218.
Troubling #FCAT scores spark emergency meeting. See my story at 6am on NBC6
You can get a double like for bacon!
you're the one freaking out for no reason. Why would i be jealous?
She's domestic now. Domestically partnered, that is.
5K hi-tech jobs lost by politicizing the AT&T merger. Anti-business government is anti-jobs government.~D
#askbriana what is your dream love? xx
not true!
i was just teasing... but I knew you'd throw out some sort of comeback
No RT “: Am I the only one who watched loads of Justin bieber interviews then feel like I know him...?”
you think mark cuban is about to crap himself?
Hi Kaley!! Stopping in to say hi. Hope you are doing well and that you're having a good week. Take care.
Woo Hoooo #sxsw here we come! See you soon Brian, the first lonestar's on me
Please "LIKE" me......it means a lot!
do we care? did we ever?
Just killed a tarantula of a spider with nine lives (I seriously whacked him with a shoe 4 times).
: you got me again...that's twice in a row... posted via
Srsly? All Of BC is rooting 4u RT : I enjoy how BC and BU fans think they are the only teams in
- i suppose... if there had to be an alternate to cheese .....it would be a Scottish accent ;)
You keep Don Sheedle's name out yer filthy trouble-making mouth!
my life is so real, no Denzel, I cant act for shit #Ca$hOut
The office today RT : I can't tell if those are snow flakes or blossom pedals flying past my window.
aw, sweetie, I'd give you a hug if you were nearby!
Excited for #CoSN2012 this week! Looking forward to seeing examples of great teaching & learning!
I had lamb belly for dinner.
Hey!! Sorry about yesterday! lol but How is your day going so far?! :)
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. RIP gramps.
How much. Undergrad me got her books and got out. She didn't hang out in the library.
Yeah you did! So did I! I didnt know you had your license! :(
I've really been appreciating the small stuff recently.
Fly by and is my new favorite song :) LOVE it and BOTH of you<3
Water park all day. Hai.
The use of that phrase I'll fully support.
one time I broke my toe by walking into a door
yep :) How can I pray for you?
I've been asking myself this question for the last two years
Music expresses what cannot be said in words.
well if your out and about today let me know. I'd love to meet up for a second and show you what we got.
Tonight I learned never to fuck with a shadow baby.
Day 4. Roadtrip with my son. Cares fade away.
NUMBER THREE: The street will not be closed, #dontgo in the street, you don't want to get hit by a truck, that would be bad
HIT ME AND CANT THE FUCK FIGHT LOL
Is on my boat today
Fried catfish fillets halfs and homemade fries! Pops just threw DOWN!
but the Cam is it Pitt! “: So excited for 3 x MN Ls in NYC! You book your tix & let's get Bigg a map - Too bad the Cam isn't here!
Just because you study it means nothing, if you don't practice it you're wasting brain space.
It's an INCREDIBLE Friday here in DC!! How are things where you are today?
I just heard a HORRIBLE ass accident outside... Jesus!
Milwaukee police confirm hours later that 3 people were shot on 48 and Lisbon overnight. 1 is critical
OSC's to-do list: 1. Check Q Meter and make sure it's not too high. 2. Test people's capability for cognitive dissonance.
LL Cool J - Going Back To Cali: via
it's going to be a long off-season...I just caught myself writing Magic instead of May
Your DPs look so beautiful, Cody!
Happy 90th birthday to the original Golden Girl,
Fry's is like the Ikea of electronics. Yeow.
Not sure that smashing a pan with a better pan makes me want to purchase.
Kidney empty let early menopause appeared | Meizitang botanical ...
RT : Tayari, Happy M Day to your lovely Mama & congrats to you on choosing Silver Sparrow as his Pulitzer choice.
Just added those. Feel free to list yourself under those interests now.
wow lol that's crazy haha but at least when I go buy alcohol I still get Ask I'd lol
Now out to the Nike store!
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? How much his wife has begun to resemble Morly Safer.
#BackWhenIWasLittle I would cry and not move if I got my hands dirty. And my parents claim they never knew...
I defer to for the best invite-only parties. ;)
Conservatism based on the past does not drive our future.
you got this Jade!!! One thing at a time, day by day ....
you know I'm ready!
A Review of Alain de Botton&#39;s Religion for Atheists
L -is for the way you look at me O -is for the only one i see V -is very very, extraordinary E -is even more than anyone that you adore can
for a stamp? HELL YEAH!
Anyone else getting a Kettlebell workout in tomorrow morning? Swings & thrusters for time is on my list.
i shud have bought that earring i liked at the shop while i was helping(T_T)(T_T)tohoho
Everyone go Check out Ryter Gear Company. they keep us clothed!
Two auditions today, applied for a job, moved my entire room into a closet, and am spending the night at LAX. Must. Stay. Awake.
If you have headaches, numbness, weakness, pain down the arms & medication isn't helping, it's time to see a Dr. Or get your
New Year's Eve will never be the same without Dick Clark
I fell really really hard on my leg and my took the full force of the blow. Not a good way to go into the weekend.
22:46 I just prayed for revival and reformation in the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Join me 7 days a week, at 7 a.m. and p.m. bit.ly/erhT8n
How do you "LIKE" something on this thing? I "like" your Dracula's Lament quote.
Favorite song from Arms RT
I need a strong ass
yes...yes it should!
So, turns out I'm better at Wii mini golf than I am at actual mini golf.
grade my effing exam, accounting nazi!
She is doing a lot of dismissing today haha #tellemgirl : Is ruthless in these streets. She be going in"
: Morning to you too!
“: If you place your heart in God's hand, he will place your heart in the hands of a worthy person.”
Iphone stolen last night at the gas station :-/
It is oddly satisfying to be working on an excel spreadsheet, while listening to my itunes:-)
So sorry that happened 2u. U need to file a complaint w/the city's community relations committee asap. Will send u the link
RT : Getting this PowerPoint for done (:
How many millions $$$ do we spend to get Clemens? OK. We all know he did it and lied. Enough already.
Watching the Majors&Minors Finale...I have the biggest crush on
The reason for the difference is how a man takes his steps
I followed her
I love the #color #palette of
Why yes he is. RT : Had a fantastic brain storming / marketing meeting with the great today. He's all sorts of brilliant.
You couldn't even do a half. Shut-up.
Calendar says it's still winter. Wore shorts and a t-shirt while hiking and worked up a sweat. Hope that's not a bad sign for a hot summer.
Hoping friends in Kansas are staying safe and away from severe weather. (Kinda miss living there during tornado season, though!)
is watching the replay of TUF even though they keep playing commercials that ruin the outcome.
too bad it was all a lie
hahahhaah u guys are STUPID!!!hhahh 3mins my A-HOLE!
Still haven't found a book on telepathy but did find one about lucid dreaming. Very interesting stuff.
Potato sausage today! Delicious
their obviously the worst stores ever
And I didn't shoot Henry Miro either..he got himself in trouble with income taxes in 1932 and was sent off to prison very much alive..
Good on you. That is very exciting.
Walked right past a #skunk on sidewalk right outside apartment. Was shaking its bushy tail at me. I ran.
So what happened to such and such
take the hint, gain some respect, and stop embarrassing yourself and our fraternity.
I said I will, so I will! x
The power of unplugging the x-box on a teenager until further notice or compliance with household rules cannot be underestimated. :)
Tornados have all ready been reported in TN & AL. HIGH risk of svr storms & tornados continuing throughout the day for those areas!
Like C-3PO, but less charismatic
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digggaaa.
Skill Share Fair this friday 4-6pm at Pratt Manhattan. Everyone welcome!
#FF to the gals from the Dude
Tell President Obama and the FDA: Its time to Label GMOs! Please RT #Obama #label #GMOs http//bit.ly/GBdWms
Good Monday morning to all you beautiful faces out there!! Hope you're getting your week off to a great start! Let's get it in gear!!
ESTA NOCHE- Come out to !! Dress to impress and dance all night with SOL CARIBE!
But he agrees with him!!!
When is your segment? Want to be sure to watch. Will it be on the internet by chance? Congrats!
Really enjoying the PATINS workshop. Great stuff!
let me know how it is!
Hope you have a fantastic weekend as well to finish it off! :3
#FF some of my first followers!
aw </3 im so sorry :l
I have been waiting for Jessica Sanchez to sing this song since I herd her voice #soexcited Praying she pulls it off❤
I'm excited too! #lamestafftweet :)
Kiev airport. Good times. Sad to leave Israel but ready to be back on American soil!
Cool Blog! Stay tuned for the release of our website.
Let me die young,or let me be forever young.
Blahh the hills until my insomnia goes away and I fall asleep
Letter Writers are writing merrily away. I am sleepily grading papers. 2 done, not *that* many left to go.
Went to #Applebees with the church family. :-) good times
That would be #TwistedLiam, which you are. Why else would you be in ? ;)
60% of users expect a mobile site to load in less than 3 seconds. wow.
haha hate our lives
Playing a few tunes for at Pleasant Hill Baptist Church in Cville, KY this morning-BH
All MacMedics offices are open today. We've been getting a ton of phone calls asking if we're open.
Liz defines flawless. Her amazing voice & beauty & talent &inspiration is what keeps me going. I will never stop supporting my rolemodel<3.
Biiitttccchhhh - This weekend blew donkey dick.
#emorydisc Georgia Tech researchers developing glasses connected to iPhone to deliver realtime captions.
Arrive in style, be safe, take to #ATasteofFashion tomorrow evening. $10 off to and from the event.
Client meetings all day.
Baby with &#39;bucket list&#39; dies
Thx! for the follow.
need last minute vday help! On Adams present, should I write true love waits, true love lasts, or true love lives???
I woke up with u on my mind...
thanks for the clever promotion (#dontyoujustlovehastags) but you forgot to mention my razor wit and dashing looks
That awkward moment when pretty much all your friends are like a foot taller than you.
Have you tried purchasing a deal on your smartphone before? If so, try again (we made it easier with an app!)
I hate when dudes don't wash their hands after they use the bathroom...
Great point Smoltz. Because the Yankees have three righties in the lineup, he can get easy outs with them. Jeter and A-Rod who?
Total fantasy.
we were born to die
In Woodbine's 8th tonight, I like #2 Bluegrass Bear at 3/1 or more.
And now it is not snowing.
Shows anyone?
why cant men,meaning , ever put things back where they belong, it's easier to find things when u r looking for them!
Oh goodness... that sounds to-die-for! I just might do that tonight!
I love how the solution to cities having no fiscal authority is to give them less.
at the shop
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: During a divorce, think long term. If you leave the home, it might be hard to win it back in court later.
Reading Sixty-Seconds to Yes! by Don Spini. This is a MUST read for any person in sales.
me too chicka! and i know :(
nope it's all ages! Woo Hoo!!
people worry to much wat others think if u have to depend on that u fucking suck and u fail in everything u do
Love god love others
New Costume Big John Wig
I don't know why there isn't a rain cloud over my head.
You still have time to plant your pansy plants for Spring Color
Obama race-baiting on Trayvon? Get real! His conservative critics who would rather side w/ a murderer and hate on Obama are race-baiters.
Leaven the dealership worried bout gas n not the price of the Whip Lol!
36% of people consider pizza the perfect breakfast
Thanks for the retweet !
You are very welcome. Does Metro Lexus sponsor or participate with any groups that promote entrepreneurism in NE Ohio/Cleveland?
Livin Young & Wild & Free♥ :P
saw a certain story on this morning. :) and in WHOO HOO!
I hope not.
I get so many DMs I try to talk to everyone I'll get to you tomorrow<33
This "Justin bieber being a baby daddy" thing is really stupid. Just sayin'.
Womp womp, RT : Chipper Jones will have arthroscopic surgery Monday to repair torn meniscus in left knee.
Clients remember successful projects and unresolved issues. How do you want to be remembered?
Yeah Chesapeake and McDonalds are gonna take ovoer the world someday
I'd give up my seat for a woman who clearly knows how to start metro parties too.
Squawk! Nope, never -- the #piggies are quite sneaky! RT Chirp! Do you ever feel sorry for the #piggies?
Fun - We're Not Young (Yahoo!'s SketchY Parody): via
For those who are working towards your goals remember the ones who helped you when other didn't pay you any attention
Off to my first final of grad school
yes you already kno
Giants won! Are you mad? ;)
after a yuck day of paperwork yesterday ( yes stilling using paper ) - we'll be recording acoustic track today with
thanks u dirty slut!😏😘
Galaxy Gold: the color that makes absolutely no fucking sense for the Emerald City.
Digging the sm video and the panel. I need to tweet more
For those of you who have been following along I just want you to know the punchline: the sprinkler is still broken.
Happy #Easter! Eggs symbolize new life. The Easter Bunny recalls the hare, the Egyptian symbol of fertility.
(cont) That quote was from a review of Taylor Walsh's history of open education. Do you buy 's argument? #oer (cc: )
RT: can't BELIEVE NV has become such a political hot spot. If Sharon Angle wins, NV is officially the Mississippi of the ...
Had a great workout this morning. Missed you ! At least 3 people looked at their watches and said "...aren't you late??"
Legally Blonde is on but I need to go to sleep.
Thanks. Right now I give the edge to EC, though I'm not sure how much I'll be listening to it in, say, 2013.
woo. speechless ;D.
SO cute.
Good we can make an ass out of him again!
Love is like a rainbow: the more you see it, the more you realize what a miracle it really is
#funny We can construct a paco weapon at work and use it on
New York city here I come!!!!!
Hey all! What's happening?
I can help you with that. :)
recommendations on where to publish poetry online?
Thanks for helping spread the word! RT Yay RT: Great news: Ford Foundation is funding Half the Sky game on Facebook!
oh ok...well there was one in Manhattan also xD oh well, how are you?
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give happiness
Seriously. Too many nuts out there. RT : So when did it become open season on cops day!!! This is insane!!!
I know it was douchy to retweet that but....ugh. i guess thats just another #UnatrractiveThingAboutMe thanks !
Cabaret opening night!
Nice. (BTW, the AYOTD creator is on Twitter, )
phew done & it was good :)
People don't look at Applebees & say no b/c it's IHOP. They don't know it's owned by IHOP.
Only 9 Likes away from #150!! Who wants the free loaf of delicious bread?! :]
#whitepeoplesayings "Today I cashed my paycheck"
Finally set up my Ping account, should blast to Twit, FB, Linked In, Blogger and Paralegal Los Angeles.com
very possible!
thanks for following. Used you guys for our kitchen remodel. Awesome jobs, we get lots of compliments.
What's my best resource for learning about #Wisconsin demographics of #mobile users?
Would You Mind Helpn a Nigga Out? Or Wud That Be A Prollum
He wants 6-8 pages? Bitch, you got 9!
My Quote of the Day - "To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.", Albert Camus
Shame on you kid
I did but she was confused about a coupon so I gave it her anyway
RT : I think you should hire Madonna for your video to sing material girl +drape scarves around<=FAB!
Call me
Pilot for alumni access to JSTOR expanding to 20 more institutions.
I know nothing about AV equipment & Neuwave made it easy. Better yet, his team was fast,clean, & professional. -D. Kornstein
Steak and lasagna for an after-school snack >>>> 👍
Don't take this as an insult, but I originally read "John Taylor Time" as "Jonathan Taylor Thomas" and was worried for you.
Important medical abbreviations shouldn't be allowed to stand for more than one thing.
Congrats Man!
DAMN I MISS ME XBOX360
yeah we all really wanted Richardson here. Excited.
I'm loving the changes, So clean & modern!
Girardi would be a real manager if he had the balls to move Jeter down in the lineup.
Club promoters have the easiest job in the world...they get paid to party
I'm delirious, I meant 5 hours.
Terry's book, Bloods, should be required reading for US history classes, not just African American history courses.
Ok this might be a dumb question but what's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
already watching!
you look lost. You're on Pine ;)
Thats all she wrote!!!
But I am le tired
nice clicker
sleep what 4 hours a night?
In the gym throwing weights like am mad......
why is it that the things that taste, feel, and look the best-are the worst for us!!
Thanks, guys.
What special plans do you have for mother's day? And a Happy Mother's Day to all those special ladies who mean everything to us!
Hurry up and get your work and errands done so you can watch the Grizzlies smack around Flop City all the way until midnight.
I think there should be some policy guidelines.
you're beautiful in every single way. Luck him who deserves you :)
“The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.” ~ Maya Angelou
Atlantic & Pacific Real Estate Named to 2012 REAL Trends 500
#keepyourpantson unless you're hot, then you can take em off all the time for me ;)
“: no new years resolutions .. juust higher goals for mee to accomplish” I agree
GOODNIGHT!! Can we get #WantedWednesday trending?
Looks like my office desk has transformed into my second home.
stay safe! Heard these could be doozies
Little miss is stirring? Z's little one. We are trying to wean her from the once a night bottle. She's very fond of a 4:30 bottle and 5am
I want to settle down with a great guy but I'm still enjoying dating and having fun..
owiieeee i like your name ; ) <3
Me Too! There freaking Hilarious, !
Food, playing and watching football, shooting skeet, gestures
Wait, what?
