Darn! Maybe SLC for in April? ;)
hi! How are you? Sorry I had school and now I'm at work xD busy busy
alright, what are you gonna do this weekend?
Said a prayer for safe return of Moriah & retweeted. My heart goes out to the family
RT "Supergirl #7 is what I read Super comics for" then read Supergirl #16 Origins Revealed from 07 - She's one badass chick.
right there with ya :)
NEXT 2 PEOPLE TO @ REPLY US GET A FREE CODE FOR OUT POCKET ARTIC APP! READY? GO!
RT : #mmtcforum Angela Giancarlo, creative use for #spectrum in various fields e.g.
Hi Cindy, we're here! Do you have any TEFL questions for me? You can chat them when you're ready!
get a job as a bouncer now with those muscles! Then I can get into more shows ;)
I speak out of love, lit journals: please stop with the quirky submission guidelines.
DAY! OFF! DAY! OFF! DAY! OFF!
In the valley for a meeting...almost forgot my passport might need to stop at
Hi Anita, thanks for the follow back!
The only person you can trust fully is yourself. Even friends pull you down.
THEN I DON'T WANT YOU AROUND
and I shall visit you too ! :) Ireland! :D
FOR TODAY ONLY!! Get a case of C+Swiss Hemp Tea or Xtamina Energy Drink for $10 off, use coupon "tweet" www.myspace.com/justbarelylegal
RT Hey moms!!! If you leak, PLEASE stop jumping and running!!! Not forever...just until you fix it.
Props to my boy way to rep WI tonight on Man vs Food!
I know she told me lol!! I miss you too, come back into my life!? 317-871-1452
Morning twitter!! Back to handling business...I just love Mondays....Don't you??
the city has come in and bulldozed a lot of the play areas. There was even a spot that had a sling set up.
Seek shelter from the storm at our place! We recommend the Farmer’s Market Linguini with asparagus pesto, roasted mushrooms and spinach!
We'll start taking students off of the waitlist soon. If you've taken the SAT again please send us updated scores!
Mexican tonight! Love it!
Who are your pics for the
Gotta love the NY court system
Working on my blog header, wanted the nephew&my lil one in the pic, lots of "stay here","go there","no stop","come on guys" & a stubbed toe.
#np Only Wanna Give It To You - Elle Varner ft. J. Cole, love it!
where are you from?
the sharp cheddar is what makes today's quiche so good.
Hey there...thanks for the tips. Will RT!
Walking in the snow & God's snowflakes tickling my eyelashes in Seattle
What time is it? I do believe it is wine thirty. Yes, wine thirty pm.
4:45 is too early for sunset, I like winter but I miss daylight.
I was just there! Well, sitting outside baja but whatever
is more than good enough
I did the exact same thing today. What are you knitting?
that would be the death of me. lole
Happy 25th Birthday, Arena Football! But seriously, who gives a sh*t.
People use my phone to fight with each other.
Nice to see you on here!
Man I need some food
Bribing a baby with food so I can get a hug....
If you were lame would you want someone to tell you?
Wow. The internet is kind of underwhelming this morning.
At the office..
i feel soo sick man my eyes hurt!!! thank gawd for 3 hour release tomorrow
I'll just play along. I got you and at AVN. I just need to get on poster lol
Good morning good tweeples, happt tuesday
Advertisers will gravitate where the eyeballs are . But also looking for engagements
you clearly have not been to an August game in Texas. haha.
Uhm no??! I was on my. Timeline so no sir!
That awkward moment when your talking and your gum falls out of your mouth and you look like an idiot.
The fighting continues at the Fort at Ninety-Six, SC. Over 1,800 loyalists are attacking a rebel possessed fort containing 600 Continentals.
tebow trade..dont believe every thing u read or hear.(see braun case). if u listen to espn u r a fool
"it needs to snow in the fall --- so that it can practice for winter!" - Miles age 4
hey i have a ? i have been trying to meet justin for over 3 years i ve tried everything and everywhere u guys help fans?
Watching married with children at work. So funny
Let's go #Falcons! Matt Ryan is going lead us to a comeback
come on Kev...you know it ain't nothing but a word my G.
Gone, but not forgotten. Now she really is his ANGEL. ♥
Kevin Martin with 25 points after going scoreless last night.
you're always saying they're garbage
Pouring some out for the Bulls tonight. Tough fate, next year.
Je t'aim.
excited for preparing for their Ready to Run weekend. Send us some great ladies, ladies!
You will never change
now off to semi-counterproductive dinner at Freebirds!
We look forward to inducting Kathy Mattea into the West Virginia Music Hall of Fame in 2011!
Drink more water today. When we are dehydrated our blood cells become mushy sticking together making us tired. Ask me 1 way to tell check.
TRACK: Field Day: Warren sweeps Corry
ditto! RT : looking forward to seeing + more over the next few days
Internet is slow in Shanghai today. It is beginning to stress me out.
Ty and same to u Even if it's truly that day, someone will imply one of those words that end n "ist" and b insulted
First three questions imma start asking: whats your name? Do you work or go to school? How many kids do you have?
Mail just came in, new trick day = )
Don't care for the Nuggets...hate the Lakers *changes channel*
I've never had it I always wanted to try!!
I watch every game he does with the volume down. Can't stand him or the way Musberger kowtow's to him.
Omg Yayy!!! :D I JUST bought some burlap ones today! I LOVE buying new toms lol
is Syracuse still around?
Want to hear all my stories I remember from tonight? Tune into tomorrow at 11am for my pregame show LIVE from New Orleans
I'm just trying and I cant. Lol. My body knows its tired, but it's not responding! lol
What. Lame. Exit through the Gift Shop was robbed.
put the child friendly scissors down.
I don't remember. Perhaps something that my spell checker corrected for me.
Suspended so I wont be at skool tomorrow
Suicide, bankruptcy, divorces, children in different states, criminal activity, injuries, et al, are consequences of CHOICES.
Weekend with the moms (mine and my wife's) and of course a little personal R&R. Thanks for asking. Enjoy it!
i think im cursed....dont ask what the curse is, just know that i am...sigh...
long story.
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.<3333
Wife: Steve Harvey pic gon make black relationships worse. Me: It's just a movie. Wife: Love Jones made black poetry worse. Game: Blouses.
I'm faded, faded , faded , faded , yeah nigggaaaa I'm faded & I don't give a fuuckk .
You're welcome!
When Keith accepts, we'll discuss details.
Create space, time and investment in YOU. Wanting to be a great singer/artist doesn't happen without the COMMITMENT to BECOME.
Cheers back at you, Eric and !
White people always act like dey aint seen no black people b4
We are born wet, naked, and hungry. Now you think life is hard-download- InSpotter app
If you want to ask me something about ........ !!!!! I don't know anything !!! :) if someone wants more followers just tell me ....... :)
So, how is everyone doing? :-)
hahah oh lord thanks
finished South Hills Chorale concerts over weekend. Proud to have finished the season. Really challenging.
You haha RT : Everyone pick someone to fight on Twitter right now. Lets Go!
On the weekends I'm like Give Me Everything tonight [; & on Monday's I'm like give me an A on my English essay 😒
Thank you very much.
Wouldnt it b awesome if poker was in the Olympics and yu could bet what your country's worth? Costa Rica's all in with 15 coconuts OH.
that was my favorite advice fr Hood (via GPaley, right?) in wkshop.
Watching a squirrel trying to find shelter from the rain, it's actually quite hilarious. Sit, think, run, sit, run, think, run, shelter
Spring break starts... Now
I did some more ranting this morning. That's what happens when I'm tired of Mully & Hanley and have to listen to Mike & Mike
I agree with myself follow me
Back in DC and heading to get dinner with a friend. Man I missed this city and the metro
you are quicker than quick, baddest!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Last chance to order for your Administrative Professional for delivery tomorrow! Call by 8pm toinght and we'll deliver in the morning!
Alshon jeffery or hill with th 2nd round pick let's go!!
Great pt. Only guess is that non-blocked dest. were consistent with what little Bo got from him over the phone.
Success comes to people who work for it, not people who just sit around and wonder why they are not successful.
Have questions about a wine we carry or looking for a specific varietal? Ask Jay The Wine Guy by emailing
Watching a cooking show on beets. Don't want to mush the beet or smash the beet. Good to know.
So obnoxious
Enjoyed breakfast with the lovely and hilarious in NYC this morning. So sweet.
I like you ten times more after that tweet
Thanks so much for all of the birthday love from my friends family clients and fb followers! Xo!
Yeah, uh...he's gonna need you to come in Sunday too...#tps RT Dang! wants me to work Saturday.
So the b.tch came over and gave my grandma $20 telling her not to give it all to me at once.. TF B.TCH IT 20 DAMN DOLLARS NOT MILLIONS
Dear Summer: CAN YOU HURRY UP ALREADY !!!!!!
working on the upcoming new things you guys! :D
my will is as strong, and my kingdom as great....damn, I can never remember that line.
Lunch Smart Ones English Muffing Sandwich W/Egg Whites & Cheese, 2 Sandwiches, Bagel Bites, Pepperoni, 2 Servings, O Water Wild Berry
Espresso. Necessary. Done.
RT - Miami Dolphins All Day
Picked my #drupal theme for #ScanMan's website!! Thanks to ! Can't wait to see it! :-)!
I miss when MTV really was MUSIC television. Not "Let me show you how to get drunk, do drugs, and get pregnant"
thank u sis!! I love u!! Text me today
Just dropped off 2.5 bags of old clothes to donate. Some lucky people in the ATL are gonna score a lot of Wisconsin gear
May issue now at R&P Cafe & Evidence Based Chiropractic (also in R&P building). Pick up home fries & gravy at the Cafe, while you're at it!
#10ThingsILoveAboutYou When you are Austin Carter Mahone
oh... No uterus updates from me...
“Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else and not the best for themselves.”
RT RT this to help us get to 1,000 followers,1 of you will win Daily Renewal kit & Anti-Aging kit, worth $200+ glutenfree
Come to Tavern on the Green tmrw at 10am 4 live demo of /w host Mary Ann Wilson. bringing seniors, but fun 4 all ages
you got it. Or maybe we should get you on a panel?
I have met the most amazing people at #BASHH tonight.
I prefer... "Goodbye Detroit".... but, to each his own....;)
Nick Cannon looks great tonight with his bow tie.
Accompanying for a middle school choir concert tonight. Got the music last night. Should be interesting!
The ladies in this hair salon<<<<<
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not question decisions of the President.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. Voltaire
I think im the only person who dont ever qet two spend time with my boyfriend.! Uqh.! N its even worse because we have a baby toqether.! :(
Whenever I see a Svedka commercial, I plan to sue them 21 years from now for false advertising. Best vodka of 2033? We'll see about that...
's friends playing monopoly
My is flickering. Anyone else experiencing this problem? cc:
Just saw that will be this Saturday. Talk about a can't miss show!
she's married to alyson michaeleks dad
on my way!
"In the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwelling; he will hide me in the shelter of his tabernacle and set me high upon a rock."
Only had the bad mojo for a minute!
aww ah, i just have to say we need miss beninson tomorrow! i'm still celebrating after sunday going around singing city chantsx
There are some who view Texas as simply "meta", phor good or ill.
Wow, I need a life. I just realized I spent the entire day looking at One Direction videos & pictures.
oh but he's adorable...so it's ok!
Pirates on the high sea the captain of that ship is a example of a leader we can learn something from this captain death before dishonor
After introductory speeches by MOC Board Chairman Matt Thompson & MOC Pres. Waite Rawls, Robert K. Krick is introduced as our 1st speaker.
#cq5 disregard my last tweet. What I really need to ask is why tab complete in #crxde so bad
Off to the swim meet.
I decided to check mine too :)
Great Photos on your Blog!
fresh out th shower about to go to the movies with my step mom : things you do when you don't have a man
Texans lost more of their mojo Mario williams is out for season with torn pectoral muscle and will have surgery this week.
Bodicerippers for lexicographers!
That's not a good look 4 u
Petroleum is the blood pumping civilization to function. It seems this might actually be the year solar and computing power tips the balance
i walk all weird now lol trying not to hurt the back XD
You deserve a tweet wholly unto yourself. #FF the one and only
And we all love acronyms! :) I thk the HOPE acronym is one worth teaching our kids, esp ones who need to exercise resilience
Huge day for #hoosiernation and #iubb. Can't wait for tip-off RT It's National Proud to Be a HOOSIER Day!!! Sweet Sixteen, baby!!
Don't judge me. I stole it fairly.
Where was tonight? She would have made the #Grammys worth watching.
Why am I watching Pitt when Caps/NYR are on? Come to think of it, why am I watching Pitt when ANY hockey game is on?
Sometimes we need to cry, so we could see clear aqain. Just let the pain qo away. !.!!. =]
Kobe's 48 he say's sarcastically "Not bad for the 7th best player in the league" then gives the look..
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/31/2012 and was under her calorie goal
This cupcake >
Cheer up MarthaVan! It's Friday.
gymnastics = exhaust bending?
Hate that Budweiser sign more than the home run sculpture.
when you find the place where your heart belongs, you'll never leave.
RT #RIP NATE DOGG condolences to his family,kids & comrades sending our prayers an luv!
Thank you so much. I have just been perusing your site. Very professional! Your list of services is pretty comprehensive, too!
I settled on big sky summer honey. Yum
Riding my new bus! it sucks!
Lil Wayne is so annoying now.
Happy birthday to the all-American animal crackers!
why you no write me back on facebook hahah jk
Holy Is it really time???
her kid is having a worse one :-(
Deep, Deep, Tissue Massage Awesomeness from Andrew. My brain feels abit like jello, hm good or bad thing?
We need to catch up soon. I have an awesome creative writing class I'm taking this semester that I want to tell you about!
Happy b-day!
Thanks, doll.
Preciate it bro!
Thanks, Joe!
I wonder why the Sprockets movie fell apart.
lol it was a must lol we all we got at this ceremony
The intro to Gimmie Shelter is awesome
Let me claim what's mine
so how is you day going ms mattie?
We got some good crowd last night and we have a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night Hm Hm...
#ThatOnePersonWho isn't afraid to leave their phone alone when they walk out of the room, because they have nothing to hide.
I'd say it's all part of a tanking plan, but they might actually be worse with him on the court.
Who did you email? We'll look into it!
jade wax ma arm with a piece of tape
wow.. amazing
Last question: what is the key to getting an interface adopted by consumers?
Cant take credit for it - ours teens did the script, acting, editing.. Everything! Thanks!
I walked past Township earlier this afternoon and heard DIVE sound checking. They sounded good! ... That's all I got about that.
I know, right? I mean, I can live with one kidney. Charlie the Unicorn did it.
wow...you rock but if i hit up nordies they will probably cut up my cc right there. in front of me.
I swear I was gonna flip the fuck out on my manager if she said one more thing to me rudely.
I love how #DannyDeVito is both the narrator and the villain in
The poem must be true...girls are made of sugar...Cuz the friggen ants won't leave me alone!..Squish...Squish
we weren't talking about keeping fit, active, or healthy. We were talking about eating. I'm fit, active & healthy & I eat a lot.
Before you head home from work, swing by the City-County Building & vote early. Don't need a reason, but do need ID. Call 327-VOTE for info
THIS SuN 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If "U" Say "YES" what "I" want is "NEXT?" #Ultimatums call 626 657 2149
“: So I Just Sent Terri My Twitter Pict & Her Ass Is Completely CLUELESS!!! SMH” I ain't get no pic </3
thanks for the kind words! Always a pleasure to have you.
your not going??
Who wants to cook for me??
haha, I'd love to have one, there mint! X
neither can we ; )
What is a man to do?
It's a pain that still lingers here, Sara.
My oatmeal is extra chewy this morning.
Drinking chia seeds
I hate how I have to look like the bad guy when all I want is something good out of everything. I'll always remember what I did for you
Ok never mind was right. Correia sucks more than a drunk Lacee Collins at the Clevelander
You and the Big Show remind me alot of the Hart Founndation your the Porsche and Big Show is well an aircraft carrier!!
Great by today kicking off 's fall series. Looking forward to upcoming talks by and
OhioHighRiskPool.com is designed to give uninsured Ohioans with pre-existing conditions access to quality health insurance.
Can't put into words the epicness of what I just saw. just became a LEGEND. THAT is what makes me LOVE being a fan.
Titanic 100th Anniversary: "Rose" and the Heart of the Ocean necklace based on real life events: via
Can I go on a vacation now?
I have a good relationship with my mom
Ok so who thinks Tampa Bay Lighting will win series?? who thinks Boston Bruins will win? Vote now Ryan Seacrest will announce winner.
Definitely the worst of his novels, but that doesn't mean what it usually means. Looking forward to your review.
I hate getting legitimately excited about something and then it just doesn't happen.
RT : The song is gorgeous, can't wait RT : Sounds amazing!
Interviewing on TV can be scary. Forget about the camera and you won't freeze up if you see it as conversation between you and the reporter.
awe I know the feeling! Its so true tho. You're making me wanna turn back and give my widdle Pebbles a hug lol :P
I miss COME OVER. <3
lovely look forward to it
Thanks Connie, I am just trying to figure out this twitter stuff. Look forward to seeing you.
I hate yellow skittles:/
- animate however you want. I would give a clip & judge the entertainment and execution...here's some art!..
Davis says there would be a credit on his charge card if double billing occurred.
I'm leaving nxt Thursday for #SinCity. Have fun!
Here's an idea. Shut the fuck up.
22444 ∞ favorite candy? - Sour Patch Kids ^.^ IB- Mikey 
It's been almost two days since I watched the finale, and I still have so many Barney and Robin feelings...
Fuckin wit ASAP ROCKY "GOLDIE"
Did you have anything in particular that you wanted to collab on?
kill a pack
There are some funny walks of same this morning on southport
Awesome, Valerie. I'll definitely be around on Monday. Tweet me :). Will u be attending the expo opening?
thank you :)
also can't wait for the Snowballs Film Festival on June 3rd! Episode 4 will be screening that night!
Austin rted me .. And then rted a tweet with me tagged in it.. OMG OGGGM <Be.YOU.tiful>
Track #multiple locations - #Inventory Management; TRACK - #Pkgs, #Vehicles, #Assets, #People. #Mobile, #Integrate w/ #Quickbooks,
Hi Ro. I'm Steve, and I'm a fellow shoe whore.
are we going to come to knw what A gave Dr.Sullivan at the end of "over my dead body" ?
George Clooney, he acts, writes, directs and is civil disobedient. Is there anything this man can't do?
The Bachelor is getting sued for race discrimination for failing to ever cast non-white leads. They'll probably end the show first.
Look for DVD and VOD April 10
Working on an opportunity that would help Green Detroit. Thank you DEGDC and Les Dags!
Just got on a shuttle to go to a gate far away from the airport. I think we might actually be driving to savannah.
So, now that David Robinson joined Twitter, do you reckon the Dream is gonna join just to block him?
I do not think this is the way.
Just in the past half hour, our Facebook page has grown to over 500 fans! You all are so amazing! Keep spreading the word!
RT : "You speak for people who are voiceless, and that's what it means to be a Democrat" -
Congratulations! I'm looking forward to seeing you walk on the 19th.
Wow. I am amazed daily
Sounds like your Dad will be making a road trip to DC with you!!
Thanks Girl!!
Digging around in the bowels of the Internet for ancient UNIX code. I forget the web is so new
Daniel Clowes: "Everyone knows the difference between graphic novels and comics is that graphic novels are full of filthy language."
Who on earth can get that low anyway?
it is a good thing! i am waiting to hear, but applied at several other places just in case!
that's been the dynamic of our relationship for the past ten years, bro. ;)
#GOMOnow insists on personal power when we're tempted to play the victim card.
It may be time to turn this all over to younger minds with more energy.
Was this yesterday afternoon? Added the text msg security & received a text of an attempt to access my Gmail
Hey there, saying thanks for the RT, Rosie rocks, eh?
"Hot Pink" is the greatest. You must know it!
Sure can! We just need to hold this lead...
"Sometimes the empire is called an 'ump'" says a 7yo DudeSter as I feed him warm milk.
No idk y that song is in my head. Havent heard it in years
Launching this week. Some stats: About 8000 Books, 25,000 Poems, 3500 Authors. Best part... NO Ads in the new Read Print. Just free books!
Aw man, I wish I could be as hipster as you...
I love emily and riki <3
people who have been divorced multiple times should stfu about gays/lesbians supposedly "destroying the sanctity of marriage"
Happy Halloween ghosts & ghouls! It's my favorite holiday!!! Totally going to watch Hocus Pocus & The Legend of Sleepy Hollow tonight, xx
He is risen! Happy Resurrection Day to all of my friends in the Twitterverse!
Your steak was awesome!!!
Haha no! I use Grove Online all the time even though the library copy is less than 5 feet from my desk.
There’s something magical about the gift of wellness. RT this if you received a gift card to Massage Envy this holiday season!
So buying It!
That was a great event! We had so much fun.
Sister is sick, hypochondria hasn't settled in yet I haven't started opening things with my feet to avoid direct contact with germs.
like clockwork!
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking! ;)
Today brings us one more day closer to #Packers football! Love reading about all the rookies reporting for rookie camp today.
Worst. Car ride. Ever.
Practiced guitar and voice for the last 3 hours.... Iyiyiyiyiy
God, will you please throw me down a fast forward and rewind remote down here on Earth? It'd be so much easier.
Stick, good. Don't go auto. Hurry up so you can drive to my house :)
And that's why Twitter trending topics stink. Don't spread rumors about people being dead, idiots.
Can we get an initiative on the Nov ballot to pay for Prop B? And will Prop B's supporters support it? Jerry? Nathan?...
I just sent mine too!!!
Dave Stewart of Eurythmics planning Mollydooker concert, and more wines Eurythmics star Dave Stewart plans to follow the launch of his ow
What up this is Exile from Reverbnation coming thru.
Don't waste your time getting into a relationship with someone you can't picture in your future
something similar happened to Christy last year, too. I've carefully avoided it b/c I watch too much tv already
Gotta learn how to give before you can truly appreciate and know how to receive.
@ the TCA NBC/Universal party, and its good.
Wow I lost 30 followers. Great.
where are you cheering us on from?
might have had me laughing all damn day
yeah yeah go ahead because you were right and I was wrong :p
Was just thinking about you today. I was watching the video & there were some behind the scenes shots of u :)
Album artwork will be done by Friday evening!!!! Dropping the mixtape shortly after that!
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other
I miss DFish with all my heart. RT : Derek Fisher with a big three-pointer. (Looks at the calendar.) Yep, sounds about right.
Make sure and "like" our Facebook page www.Facebook.com/Revenj
Happy Birthday! The passes you well and you meet many more years! Best wishes today and always C:
WE WANT BLACKMON! (CLAP, CLAP, CLAP, CLAP, CLAP)
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase, MLK Jr. Great sermon this morning!
I no rite!!! Feels like 4eva and a day!!!
wishing you a full recovery!!
searching for a bday restaurant in NYC. so excited!
GO FOLLOW NEW ONE (:
I think vagina is an ugly word.
It felt so wrong, it felt so right, don't mean I'm in love tonight.
Just finished softball and I'm not as sore as last week.
We can get so consumed with everything going on around us, sometimes its nice to sit down, and have a nice dinner with friends, and family.
cuz my bitch look like Hurry up and Buy!!! my man Meek Millz said that!! lol =)
Good Morning. Watching Home Alone and getting ready for work
Does anyone know how many days until training camp?
stop being such a sourpuss whenever you're shot on the street or beach..nobody likes a brat
I'm going to focus on school and nothing else.
Not easily broken...
Gksyoeypdupdupcclhgpjljccjpyiddtryf NIALL MARRY ME. NOW. K
My Faith shall pave the way for me through close doors & high Mountains...
I took a hard loss, but I bounce right back, like a tennis ball that hit the wall
#5Kin100Days Looking forward to my Week 1 - Day 1 workout today. I missed last week due to being in the hospital. Wish me luck!
Tom Britt's Interview with David McIntosh at Mama Bears in Geist! Please offer share this interview with your friends and family in the 5th!
don't get too complacent about orbital debris
If your racist, just stay inside your house Damnit.
kale?! I love kale and all... but it's no Brussels sprouts. And what can you do with kale that you can't do with sprouts?
EXACTLY SAME HERE!!:D
"Be very careful to...serve Him with all your heart & all your soul." - Joshua 22:5
Thanks I have plenty of time starting to look into places for the IRISH game in October, I may be attending :)
I mean SMH .No ..1ever tells U that as ( The Boss ) U have not only put up with Ppls Ish.. But U will be faced with a Mountain of Ish daily
I Sinned In the Willows
Sh!t UK fans Say. How many blocks does he have? Who's doing the "Y" tonight? 7 is greater than... Take him to the rim!
Woman who has the tick causing her to repeatedly say "oh, dear!" You made my day. Woman who bought 50+ glass angels, you ruined it.
Sarah Palin isn't running for #POTUS. At most she'll pull a Trump and let the media speculate while her name brand benefits and grows.
...do you want to help out at the kiosk on friday 6-9pm special event
wow but what about racism out there? is it cheep to live out there?
yes sir. I could see Mosley outpointing Alvarez if Canelo takes to long to get things started... but thats wishful thinking.
just cominnn into london now!, found out theres gonnaa be a protest-.-
And if you could try, try not to forget me cause I'm moving on to bigger and better things :3
Maybe different worldviews: personal agency vs. determinism
digital infrastructure needs to be connected to a compelling question - we don't always remember this
1st student at #IAS12 to find and (awkwardly) hug him gets a signed advance copy of the 2nd Ed of Project Guide to UXD!
Bill proposes full legal status for humanist weddings
Orchard Lounge is coming to to spin Thursday! This is a show U don't wanna miss!!!!!
Gorgeous suit !
Do you still enjoy reading magazines and newspapers or do you prefer to read online?
a little rust today just give it time and ill be back
Change messaging. Don't be repetitive in tweets/RTs. Use your hashtags wisely.
yuck ! those dudes scared me to death - i would always paranoid they were going to be murderers/stalkers
Palgrave expects to publish 3-4 titles/ yr. invites inquiries from authors and editors about their current projects.
hope they provide you all the inspiration you need for the rest of your week!
RT : Love Staccato Gelato on a beautiful afternoon in Sellwood! Stop by and get a scoop for yourself...we're buying! SE...
EPTI will have a Reverse Merger...we don't know with who yet, but it's a Bartel deal.
too bad I'll be missing it- looks like a great lineup! I will be back in #Seattle for though! Hope to see you then.
LOL. PM is from my company, he's good, but on jury duty. The PGM MGR is from our prime. My 2 year old is easier to manage than him
I'm heading to in San Diego to do a story for our local abc station. Maybe they will let me swim with turtles.
I fear I'll never learn how to properly cook. I'm like afraid of stoves.
On my way to Illinois & finna be stuck there for a day
The station lot? Oh man that's why I haven't seen you. I thought we were meeting up at the party spot.
well they won't be bad next year,they might be on the nit bubble watch with him and Kyle. let's hope they're our 16 seed
I didn't want to embarrass her in front of my friend Dan. "You added me on Facebook"
the way your writing me ? :P
Best news ever!
How much sun exposure is enough? What time of day? etc...
Where are you, ?
She's weird
What are you waiting for?!? Come in and see us! Open till 9! $225.00 oz. Mix and Match!! You won't be sorry you did!! :)
I think it means that you are embracing more of the masculine than you feel comfortable with.
"that bitch was not light"
we are proud of all Sporting KC also
“: Haha my dad says I know way too many bands & music at my age(x” they just don't know ;)
that a bet this LV fit ya boy rt mane and I just got a new video cam Lol
#MW2012 I'm confused by your website. Can I register online?
Hoping today's going to be a good day .
And, actually, the very thought of it makes me chuckle, which just goes to show that there is a time and a place for fart jokes in society.
Thanks to Bob for calling in and sharing his frustration. Do you agree with him? Feel the same pain? 317-736-0950
Today was sub-par :-/
He has 1 awesome song and his stand up is great. Everything is is just kind of ehhhhhh.
It #SpursDay hell yea #SpursNation is ready
Gonna go make my first(and hopefully last) attempt to get my permit(: Wish me luck! 1Month<3
Can I please get a follow Kendall? :D it'd sure make me happy!
RT : In Texas, state and local government only gets 78% of the national average.
ok your profile pic
umm you missed english.. There was only 6 of us there & she was nice! But I have to do my essay for the 3rd time
Please check out the project and RT if you support our efforts. We're just trying to
I have officially become addicted to Temple Run after seeing you talk about it. hah
That pisses me off. Im done. Like seriously.
I'm as fuzzy as a peach!
I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go, I will counsel you and watch over you.
Having a meltdowns because you're to drunk to process what's happening
Omg this fuckin spider is bout to DIE...i hate bugs
He was begging Wendy to get better quickly, so that he could show her the mermaids
LuxeYard Adds Works Of Art To Its Growing List Of Flash Sale Categories
understanding history, community, trust, building sustainable relationship. Central to community based dh
Workout #2. Stay on it
To be fair, though, if what you're looking for is a new form of mediated sociability, these could provide a venue for that.
bat your eyes girl, get that drink!
great performance last night. True heart and skill! Also nice to see you gracious after the fight as well. It's a good look
Have a great weekend!!
Day off in Rome yesterday was nothing short of incredible. For all the touring I do, it feels good to be a tourist every once in awhile.
Hi M,) Ill be the first one in your class lol been posting you 4 years,) I'll post for you prior to your visit,) Jonni Armani
Anyone tell me how tweet about daughter is NOT racist? Didn't think so.
If you live in #SanJose CA. come out to the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market tomorrow!!! Fresh #Salmon Poke, #Tofu, #Ceviche OVER RICE! ;)
I love you.
#LuvMKE! RT Today I've met a james beard chef, a sailor, a roller derbier (?) and a furniture designer. I love my job.
So put your worries on hold, get up and groove with the rhythm in your soul.
poor Bentley got shots today, now he feels bad /:
saw on Facebook that you want to #MakeHimFamous with Follow the organization and use #Kony2012 to help!
let's go out
glad to hear it!
I really want it to snow to the point of an opm snow day or at least optional telework so I have an excuse to stay under the covers in bed.
#storagewars is a great show!!! Yupp!
Its hard cx
my bros cousin bought 'em up from NC
it has a long story and epic MP
Visited University of New Mexico's campus. Had lunch in the food court with my cousin - great variety of food!
I support every day of my three idols, but today are the exception. Today is Justin's day
We are about to unveil our latest design...well the partial finished piece that is. lol
:D DM me your number sill
uh, yeah. thanks for repeating that. didn't get it the first time.
Perhaps a bit too 1%? But definitely the undeads' preference for slow food speaks in their favor with us.
Thrill The World NYC WE R MEETING AT W10TH STREET NEAR LUNA PARK ON THE BOARDWALK AT 11AM IN CONEY ISLAND TODAY FOR THE NY1 VIDEO SHOOT!
Users, audience, collaborators ??? what do we call those folks who engage our work, especially our public work?
My parents are so cool!
or don't. Sup boo
Great day to run outside!!!
Im also traveling for 2 days to Reno, 3 days to Niagara, and Scranton for 5 days, to Chicago, to Kansas, and Salem
Email marketing works. Got an email. Ordered $200 worth of clothing.
Listening to tech explanation of the GM Volt at #FTF. I'll take one!
Good Morning >.<
inbox me her twitter name
hey i'm sad this month i will not play basketball at my school :'( that's too bad :(
Don't blame u there. Again, I apologize for the inconvenience & will personally make sure Bev calls u when she returns to the office
Thanks to everyone who came to see us at #SXSW... 'cause I'm sure you're up this early after last week...
I'll see you tomorrow with my tools fuckface! RT : you don't have to call me and talk to me like that
Oh we'd love to have you anytime!
no worries i know i'll see you sooner or later!!!
Scan, Read, Learn with QR Codes - Pittsburg Morning Sun (blog)
so back to our Words w/ Friends game...
Thanks , , for stopping by poster!
We're open from 10am-11pm today!
I'm telling you less is more. And if you ask someone now I think she may feel second string, unless it is a cousin or family
“: Somewhere, a team of IT people are loosing it: 1940 Census so popular that servers can't handle demand" So frustrating! CDN?!
InSquared morning sessions: to raise or not to raise with in room 480
Look in the cabinet by the sink. Two please.
Oh shoot, I typed it wrong. Thank you!
if ONE MORE PERSON comes to my door looking for art and/or asking what time my roof opens & closes, I might scream.
oh... that Monroe/Alexader one is going to get a lot of ppl. I drive that way to work. Damn.
well I just wanted to say. Imagine someone had an abortion just to have a kid with One Direction? That popped in my head
Basically.....yo cunt muffin <3 explain to me now!
sometimes shit just aint mint to be man!
my bad we will fix bro
There are some people on my TL that are doing WAY TOO MUCH right now!! 😳
RT : Congratulationss Graduate! RT : My brother graduates from College today. So so so proud!
Can't stand selfish ppl. And you wonder why we don't communicate? Ugh!
While still at only 8% of all giving in the US, online giving has grown by double digits every year since 2009. Join us in making an impact!
I first read this as "drink a hot orange" and my only thought was that sounds DELICIOUS
lee shoulders
More dangerously, this lint build-up is highly flammable and becomes an increasing fire hazard that can threaten your home and family.
A woman with three kids no niggas involved and she still got a bank account close to Oprah Winfrey shyt
Starting early this morning; calling temp agencies, doing some yoga, trying to limit myself to one "oh shit" an hour.
"HEY! IS MARK LANEGAN HERE?"
And a big show at Terminal 5 coming up. NICELY DONE!!!! Looking forward to seeing you all
Yeah Rangers!!
im following
Embarrassing loss to Arizona magnified UCLA's problems
After TNT showed @ tonite's NBA Celtics/Hawks game, Charles Barkley said: "You might be nice, but ur going down." Love it!!!
#ghettocrayolacolors hair mayonnaise white.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. ~ Winston Churchill
Lauryn Hill is bringing me to tears on 's Mothers Day set on Street Sounds.
Who's trynna see tha FiNaTTicz perform live this Thursday at Club Flirt in hit me up to get on my G-List
There's ALWAYS haters shall I post pic of doors busted off their hinges:)": Almost responded to some hate on twitter "what's point
Pre-Mother's Day Special - All facials with ANNIE tomorrow (THURSDAY 5/10) are 20% off!! Call our front desk to book an appointment today!
Chicago has a veterinarian teaching animal science. Importance of relevant, linked learning opportunities.
It was Colt's first year as a starter...maybe the Browns should show some patience before they replace him with an old ginger...
Industry images in from Sandy, Naomi and Lisa
Great start to the circus trip. Hope to keep it going on friday against the Flames.
How have you been Kev?
to north carolina to see my family!! :)
"Michael Norton Confirms Bloomberg Confirmation"
What are you going to do in NYC durng your time off?
The cafeteria at the morning.
Imma send a sexy picture to remind you what you're missing... Fuck that new girl that you like so bad
revelation: anthony davis wears glasses, prob a rare person where glasses would make him look less ugly cause it blocks the unibrown.
#FF RT and we will follow you today!!! Let's go!
Watching tennis then taking a walk and enjoying the beautiful day!
That shit need to come on .
We're making whoopie pies! www.baker-babes.com.
#foofighters playing for the president today :/ wonder if he'll like
I admire that. People say the same of me but I always feel that I getting further behind on my bucket list as well as the laundry
600,000-700,000 CreateJobs wrist bands sold so far. Equals 4,000 new jobs. Zero benefit to Starbucks - leading with values...
AEI is ready to start our new program in Makeni thanks to a generous grant from the Compton Foundation! You can help too at www.aeiweb.org!
guys LOVE the stuff at our store as gifts! check out www.fosterweld.com and use the code TWITTER to get 15% off.
Dope. Dunk on somebody in my honor!
Tim McCarver was awarded Ford C. Frick award. Tim McCarver a hall of fame broadcaster? You gotta be Frick-ing kidding me!
hahahahaaaa So True!!!! :)
I find the #ReasonsYouGetStabbed hash tag very humorous.... I'm going to go read them now!
And now doing #crazyhighgasprices and how delivery businesses are impacted.
like they say brother, haters gonna hate.
#PerryWAC is capitalism the problem or solution? Perry: whatever works
Expect a NEW post tomorrow on how to convince an agent to let their name actor perform in your movie:)
I was supposed to listen to my music and go to sleep, but.....
When life serves me pickles I serve it weights...mid night work Lego....
"You're through. Finished. Burned out. Used up. You've been replaced. . . forgotten. That's a lie!" Charles R. Swindoll
If dont move on in #postseason prepare for predictable lament re: bad TV ratings. Don't need NY LA BOS teams to have good baseball
Its official changes and I don't get along too well.
Why do twitter spamers have avatars of 18 yr old blond chicks? And do these girls know their pictures are being used?
thanks for the love y'all
For a typical #AustinEnergy customer who consumes 1000 kWh of electricity per month, the rate increase is 10% and under $10 a month
welcome to the twitter! Thanks for the follow!
Amen to that, Doc. Green's play showed more than his stats show. Good time to step up.
hearing reviews like this makes MY morning! Thx 4 sharing!:) RT : Friendly, happy cab drivers make my morning. Thanks Flash cab 2372
Zachary I'm going to call you, I didn't see you today.
I would be cranky like yourself if I had missing teeth
The best of things. Can't wait for Shore's work on The Hobbit
You Guys Seriously Needa Get Off Ur Period
Food entrepreneurs- new Balto farm and food center asking for input here: www.americancommunitiestrust.org
Way to steal my tweet haha(:
I found it at a store called lomans ! I didn't keep the tag so I don't remember the brand but u can find them online but
and nothing helps complaining.
what up trop where y'all at tonight
Woot Toby didn't die in 60 seconds, congrats
NACKA Kickball double header!
Love Coronado already!
what u mean ?
It's $14 Tuesday! Any 18" 2 regular topping pizza is only $14. Did you know that an 18" pizza is 65% larger than a 14" pizza?
I am in pre-production for new music recordings and back from the 51st Grammy Awards and Parties. I will update and give reviews here soon.
I TiVo all WPT Events and I was in Vegas watching the 25k WPT championship and my Dad and I were on TV!! So freaking cool. I TiVod myself
Crap, nearly bedtime. I'm a little over-stimulated from the wine.
i figured it out after i replied. yes, i did. i was testing some functionality for my job. i had meant to not let it post.
": Does anyone have a creative way to begin saving for and funding a wedding reception?" Stag n Drag party aka Jack & Jill.
you know the things we were talking about affect that too.
are 911 calls confidential? just asking bc as i try to get mine optioned the la emergency publisher says rights don't revert back to me.
Recovery from bad year end review. D3 seeks insurance coverage litigation paralegal candidate for immediate temp to hire/direct hire opport…
It's a Doer kind of day at , should you be as scared as ? Probably. (via )
Blinds up to 100-200. No antes yet
*hugs* that really sucks.. sorry for the late reply, sent it frm wrong account, im not watching that tl.
what's up punk
A4 f/u: don't know many ppl who visit league-owned sites for their content. Perhaps this changes if legislation passes?
Christmas Gift Baskets – Adorable Bears, Delicious Cookies - My 3 favorite Holiday Gift Baskets FIXED LINK
we all think your character is up to something. Waiting on the girl fight with u and
Props to and their staff! Thank you for hosting us!
A Rodge has a sweet stache
Before to kill myself...I'll rape you, ! So be careful what you wish for !!!
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
Russel Wilson's gonna be proving everybody wrong
but that is not the proper spelling according to urban dictionary
theres only like 30 days of school left. omg.
Note to self: self, must meditate at lunch. Thank you. You're welcome.
Dining at Eastern Standard. My favorite restaurant.
We have over 5,000. Tons of tackiness! RT searching for the best, most dope tacky christmas sweater.
I got a tweet limit lol
Feelin' it at the gym this morning.
This lady showed up in 5inch heels aha 👌
i want that!
without You holding my heart i'm fallin' apart.
wow I wasn't invited
Poet Louise Mathias confirmed for Rhapsodomancy's April 1st, 2012 reading. Save the date!
Didn't like the #Pittsburgh Weather when we woke up today.. BUT, not calling out Mother Nature as a #Jagoff because she could do WORSE
In a nutty mood? Swirl some peanuts into your yogurt today to add some crunch!
more times!!!! Goodnight
any promocodes or specials? Need to get to dca Tues AM.
That's not rain. That's pestilence.
Thanks for following and right back at ya. I look forward to learning more about your material. Gene
How's everyone's week going so far?
Thanks luv, you too!! :)
pleasee follow me (:
Amazing, Self Acupressure Face Lift using your iPhone! What`s next? Check it out at www.EshakNation.com Best! DonnO
such passion. I assume it's backed up with action for the Tunisians beyond your tweet-rants.
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
Haven't used twitter in a bit!:P better start using it again!! ^__^ soo let's see this 4 day weekend has to be pretty good one!!:)
At Google+ talk interested in interaction between brands and digital video entertainment can work. Not sure platform is ready yet
I'm kinda shocked hasn't said they'll do anything about the hair in my salad & chicken in my veg panini...
haha those were crazy! I like these retro ones better.
RT : Michelle Bachmann, the Manchurian Candidate just listen 2 her repeat the same programming ovr & over again
they got buried way down im sure... but its cool. its over. i still owe u a favor tho.. cuz i want my credit to be good. lol
on #Leadership - As Mark Madoff tragically learned, your reputation is all the equity you ever really have. Build it and protect it fiercely
even if i said dawns she knows your matts sister soo, but its fine as long as matt isnt there!
I think I just did it, created one, shared it with you and made it collaborative. We're in!
I'M LOSING MONEY EITHER WAY!
Thanks for the follow As a huge Michigan fan, I am following back in silent protest.
up till 12.
I remember going to crib & I was gonna leave her my CD - then I saw a bin full of demo CDs & changed my mind lol
Analog time.
A DONT PICK UP MY TWITTER KEEP FACE OUT MY BOOK N STAY OUT OF MYSPACE BCUZ I RUN DIS BLACK PLANET
P.S. In case I haven't said it before, I'm proud of you.
Serving up breakfast for dinner at Kathy's House .... WGIRLS style!
<==this is what haters look like!
Despite loss, Ravens held Brady to his 2nd worst QB rating in 21 career playoff games (57.5).. Also just the 3rd time he had 0 passing TDs
Ah to work, sound of systems failing
To be loved I got that.
What up, Soup Cup? Lol
you can tell just from their Twitter accounts..that's why I never go to the westside of Florida. Mufasa told me never to go
My stomach has been feelin funky all day -.-
Don't ever let a boy get you down, down down soul sister!!
I love how my mom doesn't know how yo parent, so she calls my dad to parent for her.
No problem! :)
RT if Sex is so much fun, why is Sex Education so breathtakingly boring? >> U need better study aids..lol
My advice to all of you today! "LOOK TO BIRTH CONTROL QUICK!!"
Be careful: How you speak is how you think, how you think is how you believe & how you believe is how you perform.
Bye pretty girl :)
#fridayreads finished Good Graces by Kagen and started Sultan's Seal by White. On my Nook: Faithful Place by French & Imm Life of Henrietta
Of coarse the day I try to get a haircut the place is closed!xP
Thank you so much!
the train just exploded O_O it was awesome!!
Thanks again for the fantastic interview w/President Jimmy Carter!! Terrific stuff!
Can't sleep…cool
Our friend is performing on the entertainment stage at the Chase Kids Day at noon!
Who knew that #dubstep mixed with a little #ladygaga on would get my creative juices flowing like a waterfall? #designproblems ;)
Dudes, I just wish I were waking up to brunch with the 3 of youse. That would solve the whole deal.
I ever see you in grainger we will have
what would your mother say if she got a hold of your twitter posts?
HEY! is starting a collab channel and we just need a few others to make it complete...would you be interested?
Dear SNL, please stop the musical guest portion of your show or at least fire the person who books these acts. Kthxbai
hey guys follow us :)
3 more weeks of school
I'm like the dark, I never speak but I understand.
i was in seaside and music for love came on in one of the stores & it reminded me of you lol idk why
Dragging some serious ass right now, must get caffeine
Attention!!! A couple of you went to get cash for pitas today, if you were still charged accidentally please let us know.
next time I'll do it in my upstairs bedroom
I think we're long overdue for a nice little sale, keep your eyes peeled :)
Awesome! where you sitting at?
HEY EVERYONE!!! Anyone in between Grand Rapids and Chicago have a place for us to stay r at least shower this evening/night? Tweet us back
LMFAO you must not kno me then cause trust I change that up real quick but I doubt you ready for all that
Happy #FollowFriday to
": Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots."
i am completely happy for you and selena, i just wish you would tell the truth to everyone. i feel like we deserve that much
You shouldn't be offended if I correct your spelling, you should be embarrassed that it's an easy word. You dumb piece of shit.
Watching "Despicable Me" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#its2012whyyoustill - diddyboppin around here with a cd player ?
One of my New Year's resolutions this year is to figure out how to use Twitter.
Yes, perfect for prom. You can even keep the wristlet after the flowers die & wear as a bracelet!
Not too far from U of T! :)
I go from #DarkShadows with to a house party. The night got better. #DarkShadows not so good.
1 week until Dirty Work!
Next friday come by to have a chance to win a trip to Ireland! Get ready for #stpatricksday #boston, Ned's is doing it big!
Well good luck with that.
_.+++| WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Had an incredible time at Olympia! So many friends, musicians and good vibes. Can't wait to be back in Paris.
Valentines day is the worst fucking hallmark holiday ever......
The Doosh holds the distinction of being the first artist ever to suffer backlash BEFORE success
Mi that's for training camp. All rookies can participate in rookie camps and OTAs w/o contract.
8 year old me would be beating the fuck out of me everyday for the shit i say and do.
Of course I will (:
Loads of rich data for urban spatial analysis illustrates Colin Gordon
Enjoying some good ol FB beef...
Have used and Helloslide and Knovio this past week. Nice sites for narrating presentations in different ways. Cool stuff!
That is sad, adorable and hilarious all at the same time.
- Thank you Amanda!!! I will be checking you out on FB. Your support is so appreciated. Looking forward to your music.
Got a Starbucks gift card at school. Holla
Go Knicks! Five in a row!
lol did I said yo name wrong ?
must find a restaraunt with an open patio. pronto.
Back to Back 40 or Another 40 KOBE is serving notice!!! Ranked 7th huh? almost like #childhoodtv #teamlakers watching a Living Legend!
Actually me too. It was prob the raw emotion RT Rodman's Hall of Fame Speech almost brought a tear to my eye!
Volunteering this morning with for
oh my, how are you only just going to bed, and I am already and you are 8hours ahead. Either I am sad or you are uber cool.1st
On the orange trolley from Grossmont Center back to downtown.
everybody talks & everybody listens but somehow the truth still come up missing.
Top of the morning to each everyone mi good frens TGIF to you....
u do tho it was fire
the wife is watching glee. my favorite part of every episode is the part right after the closing credits
#vegan love to you ! how was I not following before now? :P
The sooner we get to school, the sooner we graduate. #positiveattitude 🎓
lol but true
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous moms! :)
Come visit out #chiropractic Mecca for #alternativemedicine in
lol no. At home and sick.
It's Lunch Time! Empanadas Tuna Melt on Croissant Chicken Tortilla Soup Italian Wedding Soup
Good for you! :)
I'll smile if you RT me :)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool everyone shutup or go to sleep.
IWebkit for mobile pages? Take a look...
They are gorgeous flowers. Love the colors. Congrats!
I hope my mom loved her mothers day gift
FINALLY!!:) RT Senate passes bill to ban all citizens over the age of 50 to be on the internet or call Tech Support. More at 8.
doing your best is more important than being the best.
It may be a while man. I'm in Texas.
Scream 1,2,3 & 4 make me pissed I have never been in a movie. ;)
#SpriteSlam george wins in the Dark
been soo busy. client jen vernon's poem will be on prairie home companion on friday... been plugging away!! prairiehomecompanion.org
OH (from a neighbor's yard): "Someone is listening to porn music." ME (in my head): "Queen is porn music?"
I'm not there tomorrow. doing tourist things w/ the bf, but was planning on posting in the morning. you can post if it's easier?
Ok I'm back full affect had to take some time to get my life together now I'm stronger and wiser than B4!Gerelle Mckoys the name!
you donated it? Good for you...we've got a beater I hope we can donate soon. To them or goodwill.
I think and should do another stickam soon :)
Bo: "I'm just really proud of my guys."
John lucas is goin ham!
~ I am very sorry to hear:( My Condolences and safe travels.. xoxo
someone said my follow button wasn't working...can you test it out?? Pretty please?
we're settled in with some after dinner lattes...
I promise you this, promise you that, whatever you want as long as i got it ain't no problem with that
Is there a chance the #Celtics game will finish before the #RedSox ? in the 17th inning over at Fenway Park
Website has been back for a while, in case you are interested :)
when are you coming to vero?
i bet you'll be eating these words in 24 hours :--)
Thanks to #MKEfoodies2012 for an awesome Oysterfest event last night! Loved it!
Just observed a conservator applying a "mild enzymatic solution" to a Leroy Flint mural. What common fluid was that?
Seems #COX has an unannounced outage affecting our phone lines. Please email us at if you're still unable to reach us.
You found a new prom date in a matter of not even 24 hours...
either this tweet makes no sense or I'm too drunk to understand it. Lmao
I will put one up soon I promise just gotta lose a few more pounds :)
RT : Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice
redness, bumps
322, walking dead marathon tonight you can come
$299 credit repair special for the week only serious inquires email me Results first month or money back.
#UNYAC SHOUT OUT!! Go Scott!
I have so many f4f's in my mentions. D:
if you released the Zvex Buttdial, it would sell.
. ...which is awkward, since long-term climate change will be quite bad for the economy.
I found a decapitated man under my desk...
Seattle has to be a heavy favorite in the "suck for Luck" campaign.
Happy Birthday, Lubbock time! Muhahah :)
yeah and red
And it is totally praise. "Sausage-Fest!" - Hungry Girl is definitely release-worthy.
Drinking wit my man ;)
tomorrow is friday the 13th...since im the unluckiest person alive...think of me tomorrow!
What, you mean the BBDO 'garden' (or whatever their weirdly-named FTP is called) isn't doing it for you?
People always said Marilyn's story was tragic. And now, #Smash is proving that right.
ha, no worries I'm flattered to be included. Though I don't make hitlers requirements for high counsel...
I played mw3 all day today(:
I just need to borrow it till mine comes in.. but half(dot)com shipper is taking their sweet time! Thanks girl!
I stole your hashtag. Feel free to call to yell at me. Off work all day. :)
Your tweet about the mobiles, tech guys and such but no publishers. Pls explain. thx.
A Gracious Good Day to You :)
I'm confused why everyone hates on Bob's burgers. It's hilarious.
Where should I go in ft worth?
Is plax hurt the most by a shortened offseason? Is there any way he gets in shape for the season? Vick looked pretty slow his first year..
That's the thing- it wasn't 'modern' per se, but tying heritage to Greek tradition made Russia more 'Western' & hence 'modern'.
Drake claims to be one of the best Jews ''ALL TIME''. Dude would even crack the top twenty. I'll name some if you like.
no transfer yet!!
heard we missed a great hard fought game. Good job guys!
DuB sTEp swag rannie style @ ovenhotstudios sessions sessions and more sessions...
P.S. Are you still getting spacey spaced at tonight?
why should that matter?You really believe innovation comes to a screeching hault because people aren't making millions?
When you fine men and women get 80 senators on board I'll buy you all a ham sandwich.
I had a dream that all my teeth fell out :((
The same person who sweeps you off your feet, is in the perfect position to drop you on your ass.
and you are welcome egghead!
Drink-ItUp: New Music: Brandy feat. Chris Brown - &quot;Put it Down&quot;
Guns don't kill people, fathers with beautiful daughters do
how have you been, mary?
yep. And Batman Begins was also a great movie. Very long but great. Christian Bale is such a badass Batman.
How did I go til now not knowing about the Burrito Juke Joint?
Chilling with bush and Shane. Day ain't been to bad. Miss my baby though!!
ig I'll go see my granny today . i miss my mama ... 😪
Im feeling a lil cause and effect today....
I've got to say "no" to the good so I can say "yes" to the best, "Jesus Christ"
Because Peach
The future is uncertain but the end is always near
yes sir! "Gypsy", aka Giuseppe Capolupo, will be playing an acoustic set at #Kylestock this year!!!
School was cray. Got sent to the guidence counseler because a dumb bitch.
Hitting the hay soon -.- 5 o'clock in the goddamne morning smh
Atleast people like my mom.. Your mom has been divorced like 4 times. That should tell ya something..
It's so pretty outside in the morning <3
-- Big thanks and kudos to #Zoosk for prompt attention and resolution to my recent fraud issue. You guys rock!
Follow my main twitter
Watching #community while at work
correct 5pm Austin time
I was going to go on a run, but I don't want to in the dark.
Job portals to focus on their mobile versions - Economic Times
Thanks for everyone that came out last night...cant wait for a crazy night @ Relic 2nyt...
CCA meeting w/ state delegates 11/23, 7pm @ UE Church @ corner of Dillon St & East Ave. Email q's for delegates to
haven't really looked yet. I'm shoe'd up through the end of the year. Military/Fire Red/ Bred 4s, bred 11s & CG 9s. That's it
I can do that! Hahahaha.
Illegal petes has great burritos
Try some #beer at room temperature as opposed to cold. You'll notice a big difference sometimes.
I am hereby muting all mentions of #cabin, #woods, and #cabininthewoods. If any of you spoil this movie for me, you will know my wrath.
Wtf just happened.? Nobody knows!
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! Look for updates on NGD and NecroGaming websites in January.
keep going! And document it!
...because I made her read FUN HOME a few years back and she love it.
Despite the pain associated with rubber bands, I ate a delicious lunch and dinner today. It's all about the little things in life.
#SFAD - New blog story - "The Weight of a Man"...enjoy!
Having a bad memory really sucks when you have to learn a dance
It is 2010, Show season starts in just 4 weeks, get your booths today, they are going fast!! www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
haha you printed it on red paper?
that sounds amazing! If I save some money i might take you up on that offer! How's the wedding planning coming?
So cool my sister loves to do nails Please get in touch
i know. It's crazy..
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at Rockefeller Center is now split pea w/ croutons
Happy first of the month!
I don't know that "amazing" is good enough to describe Melanie Amaro.
His stance is that the referent *is* in the song. It looks like 'that' is in the chorus & it points to things in the verses.
have you smoked marijuana?
Niggas really think they be having an upper hand over females but in actuality we be having the upper hand over they dumb asses
Thanks for clarifying
Being sick sucks... Being sick with ur baby at home even worse. I so want to knock myself out with a hot tahty...
I really want to see the movie cyberbully
I'm sayin! LOL We're working on that! ;-)
you go boo!
Great time at the Critter & Guitari party at Cristin Tierney last night! Plus I got to chat (and share my flask) with Alois Kronschlaege.
I turned my TV off after the infante hit. UGH.
Smithsonian magazine names Staunton one of nation&#39;s 20 best
I've hated them since the days of Danny Ferry.....
Drink one for me!
So much on my mind.
That's awesome Angela! I'm happy for you :)
You're welcome! What have you been up to?
What store has the Kardashian clothing line at? I always forget when I think about it.. Please Reply!
I Been Working On Ma Mixtape Just Going Crazy!!
i don't know what to write for my personal essay. my life isn't that interesting.
and danica didn't hit nothing, so I guess she had a good night too lol :)) btw, happy mothers day :))))))
Which shows on FOX do you watch with your kids?
i've never twittered so much in my life
Ronald Jenkees would be in that list but he's not house
Pork industry given chop by High Court decision
A couple of my followers can get it lol
#sts134 #nasatweetup tweeps' attitude & gratitude, despite not seeing a launch, is so uplifting & refreshing! Thx.
damn #BMS got a weight limit? All these big ass lineman! You know Big Ben smiling like crazy
The new baby girl is due Sept. 26th - we're hoping it's sooner than that though!
Rip dick Clark..... New years eve will never be the same!!
aw. I don't like that! hope tonight is better than today.
got some chatty cathys at my table #neotech2012 i guess thats ok in this learning space ;) lol
Uh...how about thanking the high school football team????!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Also, I now have stars on my name badge. Either means 'I'm on the planning cmte' or 'I know EVERYTHING so ask me'.
Just modified my email server settings so incoming messages from India are rejected - 700 emails received since late March - all spam.
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection. - Dalai Lama
go ahead ima real G
6 o clock i might come
Oxford Circus in london.. Grove st in JC!
Why is it that every time someone is picking me up from the Beaverton Transit Center, I'm always stuck here for almost an hour?
Thank you for thanking me! Have a happy day, Jehanne!
Ubersocial look so cute on my phone w/ my cupcake theme.
So stoked to get my new camera in the morning! :-)
My new favorite weight machine - on name alone - the preacher curl. Name the muscle group it works and get a free Express Massage.
The campus uses approx 220 mil gal of water annually. About 17% is harvested. Come visit & we’ll show you how!
Facebook says 13, but that is young. At that age, heavy parent involvement is key.
getting ready for our new south florida alert update today! www.southfloridaalerts.com
so why haven't we won one yet?
Discover the power within yourself [with chocolate]
recently got a copy on vinyl...yeah, that's gonna go nice with coffee this morning. good call.
No problem
u gonna go to the wp meeting at 1 + talk some shop later? i put the auto-call tree for that npo in the admin bar... man i love 3.3
I love my Blackberry Playbook. If you use a Blackberry, you have to get a Playbook as well.
Have them participate too!:)
awww sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better:-( wha are your syptoms?
Got to use my begining spanish w a patient's husband this am, was able to understand but too intimidated to reply. Fun!
listening to someone edit audio over and over again can only be made more enjoyable when the volume is cranked all the way up.
He's 2 good 2 b tru:"I don't want 2 let anything affect me or this team. We need 2 stick 2gether, put our egos aside." on
lol i know
Follow back please :)
Netflix Instant now has "Sweet Land," a really wonderful film (starring, among others, brother ). Check it out.
I'll get back to work on "Lucifer, and The Garden of Evil" then..wish me luck
I have a hard time saying the word "jewelry" out loud.
Thanks Loree. It isn't all the time but on those bad days it's a nightmare.
giggle playing patty cakes with me
Like serious doe. Austin's tweets are starting to get annoying.
I am absolutely LOVING what I hear so far :)
Lavin: "Hey, did you guys come together? If not, do you want to?" Haha!!
very special #FF to WE LOVE HER!!!
hahahaha I died when I read this, who says I'm gay >?? however we can be bf :))
That is so cute!Good work girl lol forreal I like wat u did with the bangs & the back looks like a flower! it's cute lol
'Smash' was entertaining; I think it'll be fun.
so it's fun, huh?
GRAND OPENING of ROYALE tomorrow night * Dont miss the premiere of the venue thats raising the bar in Boston * 279 Tremont Street (Roxy) *
Cool! I'm sure you impressed them.
Cute guys makes you crazy, Hot guys makes you drool, Cool guys makes you daydream BUT Funny guys makes you fall in Love without you knowing.
I needed to hear that this morning. Thank you!!! RT: : Other people don't get to decide what you're worth. You do.
What a beautiful day :] with johanna <3
you are too sweet;0 thanks
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes.
I know it's da bomb diggity!
Delirium is a little boring. I kinda wanna quit. Anyone read it and recommend continuing?
RT : · : Activists hope to use YouTube videos as evidence to hold the regime accountable
More of your favorite things.... unless your favorie things are things like whiskers on kittens.
aw thanks :) my aunts just sent them too me so I was really excited!
I need more followers
Wealth has wings. ~ Sophocles
done with school. for a month. time to be reclusive and read neitzsche in my room.
I want an odd future shirt
you didn't swoon to 'swear it again' as a kid?
The dead have nothing to say to us.
#sustainatopia conference - Launch of "Open Source Capitalism" with Dan Schmitt & Angela O'Connor. Ever heard of this?
Or better yet , a chamoyada instead [=
God morning! Working at the lovely today! Then I was thinking maybe a massage.... Any therapist you suggest?
YOU MUST BE FRIENDS WITH Dave Miera AND Knuxx Brand ON FB AND "LIKE" BOTH KNUXX PAGES: Knuxx of New Mexico, Knuxx, LLC...
why dont people like you i absolutely adore you. *sigh* i hope i get to meet you someday. :)
Ok did i really just see a cop with stuff animals in the back window of the police car....lmao...wow...who does that???
“: SanDiegoIndieFest Wildly diverse & exciting independent Music, Film, Art, Business & Ideas all day long ”thanks!
lmao who are you?
Hard Money Lending: No credit score Required Purchase-Cash-Out Commercial or Residential Investment Milton A. Zaiontz I 210-744-3030
I just rated you on Zillow as well... 5 Stars of course.
Alan Belcher Woo!!!!
Any one want to come to Success In the City with me today?! It's sponsored by !
Whole foods/Trader Joe's.
We sold 176 Groupons! Welcome to our new members! And of course - thank you for your continued support to all our members.
is taking me to for my birthday! Nice that Madison schedules Restaurant Week to coincide with my b-day :-P
"You're an Angel" he would say #MERRITTRICHARDSONLIVESFOREVER R.I.P
Wishing everyone the best of luck & a great time at #AIMIA!
Muahaha. Just mass email my girlfrans for a ladies night. Friday? Anyone?
there u go why she went back there for it's hard there for cash and a lot of shit went down there nie
This is coming very soon.... get ready to save folks.
Who needs burgers? Head to for a quick lunch with healthy options that'll satisfy but never make you feel gross and heavy.
The past gives motivations and ways to improve in the present and the future, being the ultimate destination, guides our present trajectory.
Yoohoo! I'm ready for battle. Flappers 9:30p.
I need to find my Rainbows. Lost without them in this heat wave.
Our pleasure Debra. Your post was interesting to us and informative to our small business audience. Nice to meet you!
nah them numbers by themselves gettin him to the hall of fame
im getting this weight off pretty good, cant wait to weigh-in and fight already
Don't like idea of "raising" dead musicians via hologram & touring them. Remember them thru their music, sure. Put words in their mouths? No
Like you have room to talk.
Super bumpy getting around Mt Rainier, but otherwise a safe flight from Tri-Cities to Seattle. Beautiful snow all around!
Upsetting: it has now been one week since Grandview has been unsearchable in the Mac App Store. Yet to hear an apology from Apple.
omg we need to ASAP
Time for treat and to catch up on from last night
hi how r u doing can u add me on facebook at
My ankle hurts.. I twisted it running weirdly to my grandmas and when I was at Sarahs :(
tweet me for a new follower :)
Turf toe used to be a popular injury
So when do we start the lessons, because seriously, my dancing sucks. :)
I don't know everything can't everything, but i know something about some things.
it shows off how great Windows 8 is going to be ;-)
you are lookin' amazingly fit-- Team Reshape is proud of you! Keep up the good work :)
Dont feel good today :\
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef $2.50. Also Hungarian Sausage from Old Country
and all of the sudden in runnin' like. oh, im in love! oh, im in love! oh, im in love! i'm runnin' like... i'm in love...
Conrad should have bunted.
One of those days
Okay I need to workout.
When Tyrese comes on my iTunes 😡😡😡 IDK why these songs are on here
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Hi Lisa. It was nice meeting you at yesterday's #smckc Happy Hour! I'm looking forward to attending more meetings.
haha I know right. My dog beat me to seeing Europe lol
My mom is graduating tomorrow , I'm so proud of her
Thanks for the shout-out! RT : Shout-outs to in: "Libraries as Linchpins" -...
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30pm for Monday Night Live’s 4TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION with guest performers and !
tweeting from my TV. Kind of cool.
S/O MY BRO MR.ATS(ADDICTED TO SNEAKS) HE STAY FRESH HAHAA
15 Minutes until it's our time. #2012 Go Royals.
I hate when you see a really cute kid then your mom ruins it by saying "thats your cousin" #FML now i have to go die :|
I have a hiking pack with water and a flask. I'm set for survival.
Basketball in Latvia!!!
Oovoo soon with my main <3
Last six weeks of school starts tomorrow! Hallelujah!
I love that shot last night that broke the strap on Rimmer's helmet. Awesome, hard shot! Great job in Round 3!!
I've missed my best friend too!
I'll be there! Susan is a favorite friend of mine!!! Look forward to meeting you :)
As we grow and change sometimes things we've experienced before take on new meaning
ok i hear ya loud an clear lol
Hey sexy ;)
Isn't it great! so nice and wide open, with windows!
Today I have to get my eyebrows and oil change. Plus I have to mail off some things and call a man about a cow.
Just witnessed the best golf shot I've ever seen
Chocolate, wine, movies and bed with my kids. What an amazing night
stop by Lambert's at 10! We listen to you all the time on tour, can't wait for the Interruption tomorrow!
I'm thinking of throwing a party in my entire apartment complex :o 4 beer pong tables, 2 flip cup tables. Fridge full of beer. Hm.
Know The Difference Between A Man Who FLATTERS And A Man Who COMPLIMENTS. A Man Who SPENDS MONEY And A Man Who INVESTS.
this weekend will be the first time in Vegas on fight week. what do I have to do for good seats at the weigh in?
do u like horror movies? (:
hey G! What's cracking Gizzle???? How's everything????
I'm done being nice. I'm just going to be mean all the time and make faces like this. >;x(
Pulling some amazing pieces from Ellie La Velle today!
"Girls never suggests that a smoothly pleasant sex life is something worthy of serious aspiration"
"Walk Walk Fashion Baby..." Tune in to w.mbfashionweek.com for all the latest!
I couldn't figure out where they were coming from. Was it because they watched too much TV, or not enough?
the wolfpack will be out tonight. come find us. we'll be in a historic building off marietta.
W00t!! There goes my Audible credit! “: The Goliath audiobook, read by , just appeared on the iTunes store!”
Lol I'm way too hype for a Monday night. We out here like its a Friday night. O_o
