Austin: this airplane music is terrible... Mama Mahone: ... Austin: okay just not answer me that's cool too. #mahonemoments <3 (: haha.
My brother, the invite is always open for you.
RT : Installed 's Unify on my own site tonight to experiment + play. I think I'm in love. And totally amazed.
No worries, you to.
Downtown bound, en route to weekends over...
Thank you penshoppe for bringing Ian Somerhalder in the philippines! ♥
You don't know you're beautiful.
Refs on dat bullshit. I'm #TeamHeat but Damn!
Demo today of Web Based Access Retrieval Portal today. More Federal stuff that I can have. Why!!!!!!!!
Take the righteous as friends; acquire them in plenty, for they're a beautification in prosperity & an aid during calamity. -'Umar al-Farooq
Hollywood lights♥
Jacksonville! We play at the Murray Hill Theatre on March 31st! Then April 1st in New Smyrna Beach! Get there!
“ methodology and process < trust and communication” Yes. 1000 times Yes.
I'm at the Mall of America now too. What do you think of Black Friday so far?
Well so much for that
Off to hear speak at the #GreenDay event!! Chappy chappy earth day y'all
Really? Thanks so much! As the conference date gets closer we'll be updating the site with helpful info and announcements.
For loosing overweight , here are given some important lose weight tips and tricks in Urdu
Yes or No i just need to know! #goingcrazy #somuchanxiety someone turn my brain off!
thanks for the FF!
dont let him/her come out till sept august is a whack month
Hi everyone! This is and I will be tweeting you live deals from the mall for #blackfriday :)
@ @ thanks for the RT! I loved the CSA idea for arts!
we're here!
I mean even the best team in league can lose and it can literally just B b/c of the performances of the plyrs, not the ref, kits or coach
We can help you with a logo.
follow me ? pleasee :D
do u like having a song written about you? ;)
ur childrens grandchildren can enjoy them. Fresh as the day they were bought. #Twinkies enough preservatives to embalm you.
I have different Twitter handles for different purposes. 1 is geared toward friends/family & 1 for work.
Sorta maybe back on twitter now. Still not sure it's worth the effort. But stay tuned for updates.
AL I WANT IS A FOLLOW. puhhlease! I've never been tweeted by any of you. and i tweet each of you everyday. Love you..
#clang #clang #clang RT that's okay.
I'm good thanks! And school here is amazing, so is New York.. Hbu??
I know we are excited :)
Working on a social software literacy conference proposal
So are Lakers fans going to complain about trading Fisher like Celtics fans did with Perkins?
Gonna take a shower and then hit the sack.
Countown to St. Patty's begins! Our first year being in the parade!
OMG! Double Decker Plane!!!
“: is slowly becoming one of my favorite bands<3” Mine too!
"We Run This town tonight".
baseball playoffs start today, Go Rays! Wake up the damn bats!
I dreamt about spotted cow last night.
Of course! Let me know which night. Excited!
The Shore won Best Live Action Short. No idea what that is but I guessed right on my prediction ballot!
You know what 's good.........Chai Green Tea and Vanilla !! It's my new afternoon drink!
that's interesting. With Jackson being on there makes sense why he is leaving.
‎"Your own mind is a sacred enclosure into which nothing harmful can enter except by your permission." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks for RTing our ele photo! I'll post a couple new ones today to share.
Uncle Ai-ro (sp?) makes me look forward to being an old wise {acre, man, guy}
I am at a cool place!
climbing the charts. 2 days and counting!!
Me, , and just put out a mini fire with a water bottle. Sweet 😝
Do you guys have business pages on FB?
This caffeine is chapping my lips. (as advertised)
I'm going to buy some weapons. The official announcement of the batch #4 is coming soon. We gotta be prepared.
Why is addazio OC for the bowl game and is urban demoting addazio back to o-line status. And lookin for a new OC, please say yes
Umm girls & gay dudes! haha RT Who's watching Dance Scene? .
follow back bro
Bout to go grab me something to eat. Have not ate at all today
Check out production The Meltdown in Times Square featuring Kristin Bellamarie!
I swear my family is trying to drive me insane.... and it's working. >.>
whenever u arent playing every other venue in milwaukee!
i'm good :D how old are you?
Happy Valentines Day !
"Love is like a butterfly, the more you chase it, the more it eludes you."
it's the little things.
Follow and email him on his twitter for a gifted copy of his new book "A lean marketing revolution" A short and fun way 2 learn
Ok, now I love it! #ByeJacoby #HelloSpeed : I like the Martin pick. Speed, explosiveness. Return man. Jacoby is toast #texans”
okay, ghetto fizzy is me I told you that at school duh stupid! A
If I was married to one of those women on Mob Wives, I would definitely want to be put away for life.
Whose all going to trevor's party!?
Thank you! Every time I think I'm going to bow out someone like you pops up and keeps me going!
what it do
I love
#50liesIwasTold Im not going to forget u. Im coming back for u, and we gone get married!
Did you love her alot?
wait is this zafiro !
I did some collab brainstorming for MT with an artist by the name of Tom Lohrmann and I think it went quite well!
Set the atmosphere!!!!!!!
thanks for this info. Will RT.
Trying to drink at least 60oz of water every day starting today. My bladder wants to cry.
that's why I tweeted it. Time stamped and forever etched in cyberspace!
And we say goodbye to Simone and Tiah. Simon gives the crowd what they want, more Melanie, Rachel & Drew!
Rep. Giffords (D-AZ) shot in Tucson. My prayers and thoughts are with her family...
For how old he is I'm sure a hell of a lot LOL
how are you this morning
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Zappos Shoes? Ping back for more info! :-)
what tweet? And sorry for all the questions
get it 4 pre party scarce beer release featuring KBS and Dbl Crooked Tree IPA.
Black is boring
for fun, i hope.
New day, new fun with websites
make sure the old man tucks his pants into the Retro 1's #HeNeedsHelp!
What does Friday mean for you?
it's happening again. Pats freakishly not having the ball. Oh no.
. Yes, we're branching out to Sydney, Australia; we'll be running a linked Baltimore/Sydney student event in November.
I haven't seen too many people worse than you!
thinkn bout everyone that uses this site man its awesome
We are SO ready for tonight! Pacquiao vs. Margarito AND UFC 122!
three more effin days!!
It is important to acknowledge a mistake instantly, correct it, and learn from it. RT
From Week 11 on, Smith was playing roughly half the games which got him 335 snaps.
Hi ho. Hi ho...on a plane I go...work trip to Vegas. Happy Sunday...
gorgeous powerful woman!!
hahaha right before I met Cody, I burned my forehead while straightening on the ferry. and I had a big welt on my forehead..
haha I was wondering why that song came on kings of Leon radio
Why hello summer
My son asks: Why can't dogs chew with their mouth closed?
looking at dresses for graduation. :)
Yes, stop the madness!! RT : We were just making jokes about #gamification in the office!
My jordans high top snap back fitted cap ✌😲😝
what kind of games do you like
love you stuff
thx for the follow my brother in Christ! I
lol, i'm sorry. when are we all gonna go creep on them on the #polaris?
Instagram Camera: This Designer Aims to Turn a Spoof into Reality
It's getting close. Cast your votes for best picture now and use #cltOscarwinner for FREE #cltbuzz shirt
I turn myself on
That one stage in lost planet is impossible to beat for reasons
aint nothing to do in this house-.-
Miss yr AOL account, do ya?
Open note to all grown men. Don't use "thunder sticks."
there was nothing feminist about it!
You are one of our favorite artist... Continued success my brother... Orphanz™
Just witnessed a staffer explaining to customer how to play a 45. He was kind.
I'm in LA. We don't get it in Chicago either. My brother has it all the time in Seattle. Jealous!
how weird so am I :D
Watching the 10s... that's right all 3 local 10p newscasts, I think I am channeling my boss tonight
There'll be a riot either way.
Join us for Storytime at Centre Township Branch on January 25th at 10:15am. For ages 5 and younger. Call 251-3700 for more information.
So i washed my hair last night and kiki curled it today ..... Blahh now wat am I gonna do tomorrow. #idontwashmyhaireverydayprobz lol
in response to Kodu (which is cool BTW) I'd argue that iOS has enabled more creative programming than recent MSoft platforms
Who is the best radian 6 competitor?
Oh, we are there now. She's 5. She regresses to Caillou occasionally
Lol no that's not sexist at all.. It's simply the mindset of a man.. Hahah
Thanks for the SO! It's the year of the CATS! I'm feelin' it! You?
Take off mascara carefully with cold cream if you're wearing multiple coats. Massage into lashes & wipe off with a wet cotton ball.
met my cousins and watched one of em get married, yaaay
I sure miss tax refunds.... #grateful It could have been much worse
lmao it's not like if she touches you you'll get it or will you😳 ah jk
nope no iphone, though im planning to get an android phone very shortly :)
In Korea! Off to my connection.
that was the scariest moment of my life. I got lawn tickets with 10 seconds left
I jail broke my iPhone last night & I'm not too sure how I feel about it. Any tips?
thanks for the info! I really appreciate it. I'll think about some topics...
Chicago on
#UsetittiesInAMovieTitle avatar the last air titties
Keep on chooglin is the original kraut rock #gravity bongs
Ty Mark for the follow😃🇺🇸
Also, thanks for connecting on here. :-)
#20thingsaboutme I can't name 20 things about me.
So in keeping with this rant, let's run through some of my faves on DA...
Are you tweeting and driving?!
then I am not sure why you are on twitter
haha go back downstairss! I will talk to you laterr(:
It's a coffee, chocolate & hip-hop kind of afternoon.
Graduation Day today, officially a Certified Holistic Health Counselor and an American Association of Drugless Practioners Member.
Thanks, Brian. Another mouth made happy. What did you have today?
Clickbank Tips - Clickbank Pirates Review (Real or Fluff??)
I like that fact they at least added a summary section of T&C changes at the top in this last round.
Some of my "friends" are so crappy to me.
Making my way, making a way.
Seems to me that is the better arguer but Jalen Rose has the better argument
pretty people ONLY!
RT : All you #devlearn peeps waiting info from me, watch your mbox Monday. #thestreetuniversity starts here.
Of the four US Mints in the US, only Denver & Philadelphia offer tours where you can literally witness the actual coin minting process..
The avengers was fucking sweet!!!
nope....still preseason!
RT : The official Twitter ID & Hashtag of the SLA 2012 Annual Conference & INFO-EXPO is &
foggy day but bound to see sunshine!
called NYC its not that serious.........got my pryaers up!!!!
do you know what magazine its supposed to be in?
Currently loving ... 🎵Gotye "Somebody that I used to know" 🎧
Woot! RT : Enjoyed some leftover cheesecake for breakfast this morning. Thanks ! :)
a shout out 2 my storm chaser friends..sending prayers of safety ur way thanx 4 wat U do 2 help keep us safe
Who's that in the nice black car :)
Does this dinner thing just keep going on and on until you die? Every SINGLE night a meal on the table? Time to break this nasty habit...
A Duke study suggests in 2 decades, we'll spend $550 billion in obesity-related health problems like type 2 diabetes & heart disease.
Syrian opposition gathers in Turkey
I have a new level of respect for after the way he handled himself and fact he didn't let his players speak postgame.
Shouts to
"The ides of March are come", "Ay Ceasar, but not gone"
This is a growing area. Check out Belpre and Americas Award winners and honors, which reflect the diversity of Latino cultures
Thx for the follow! {wink} Happy
got this a little late! I hope you had a good Xmas and a happy new year! May 2012 bring you great things
A charming theory...except that I was nowhere near the light switch. The mice did it.
congratulations for winning the stanley cup!!! HELL YEAH!!! 39 years, but they got it!!! :)
Dick in yo face, put my dick in yo face 😁
I swea I cnt fight lol but ill swang if I have too
Sounds great, we'd love to see you!
Second day at AAM annual conference has been a packed day. Great sessions, great site visit, great exhibit hall, great people!
I rep that with my homey
is that a mansion? that's is a crazy high rent in chgo.
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. ONLY a hippopotamus will do! (goodness I love this song)
how did u know I needed one?
Beautiful night for a Patio dinner/wine with my Love xoxo
I might go to bed ain't shit else to do
Bad Bxtches I Done Let The Best Go ( DAMN ) .....
lol I meant to jus tap her back into the room
all I have to say is...you were dearly missed...it went downhill without my imbedded supporters
yes please
my dm has been acting up l8 :p
Clips for a cause!!SunJune5th 10-4,free haircuts,makeup consults,refreshments,raffle prizes.pre-book now256-3490Great time for a great cause
NO JUSTICE, NO BART protest tonight at 5pm outside our front door.......So we are offering $5 Jager Bombs and 2 LIT's for $7 all day!
Fighting some badass zombies:)
no since early April
Thank God it's Friday!!!!!!!
Pb&j. Garden salsa sun chips. And a root beer.
Only 1 more week (;
if I was worried about you sayin some or how it sounded to you id add ur name to it.
if only denise where here to give you a rimshot on that one!
needs to get with a waitress at red robin's so he can hook it up :D even though he's gay...
just got done watchign prom with ma bitch
there's an image on pinterest that says "a well tailored suit is to women as lingerie is to men" or something like that
yea I'm half Latin lol
Go Colts....looking forward to seeing 81 on the field. We will be there...from Indy.
where are you?????
there has to be something lol
Hey we opening up a studio as well on september17 come check it out
What about kicks?
Five films 2day at #wifilmfest last 3: child exploitation, the fallacy of pink ribbons, gay activist Vito Russo. Now, vodka tonics. Many.
Many thanks!
haha i feel u man......at least we both love our cayts
Alright, I'll admit it. That storm last night kind of scared the crap out of me.
Will the #Lakers wake up in game 5 Vs. #Thunder? www.ussportspages.com
Try not to get cavities from
Davey Johnson will probably chew the veterans out, and deservedly so.
Happy Tuesday, everyone! What did you do to start the new year?
so ill be with you at bellarmine next year?
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time. - CHARLES F. KETTERING
Luv my Tar Heels!!
UFC fight one you bored me
I have a major crush on Scotty always, but lately I have really been liking Hailey. I think Lauren is in trouble :/.
it's not a bad record, but they have 0 quality wins. Plus 0 wins vs big east teams with winning conference records....
possibly best ranger ever.
Has there ever been a female magician???
Thank you!
"I wasn`t that drunk!" Dude, you climbed up a tree & said- "OH GOD! Look how big this piece of broccoli is!"
Headed to AURA!!!
You know what J-E-T-S Stands for, Don't you? "Jets Entire Team Sucks" LMAO
it's FINALLY here.. the last Monday of the semester.
wonder who it was about baby?;-) you!:P<3<3<3_$_3
Thanks for your continue support of The Image Afro-beat Band!
It&#39;s official: PHL had most number of natural disasters in 2011
"I know I'm a pain in the ass, but. . ." I feel like I have been saying this way too much the past week. Oops.
Game time Yes #NCAAB Kentucky
Nice! It's been too long since you've been to Harlem!
remember me?
I love how the Cadbury commercial has not changed since 1997
« amen!!!! RT : I'm Done Stressin, Im Done Worrying, I'm Done CARING»
YOUR STILL UP????
See him sating at me like I am with a million bucks
Dali! Love it!
my boss owns many photos of a virile man with greased-back hair talking on a Gen.1 Nokia & eye sexing the camera
is the hottest #rapper rightnnow bet ya hottest song
Hello World!! Just making sure all of you are having a wonderful weekend. New Music Coming Soon...
rocking at an undisclosed location in Summerlin tonight. It's on.
Or open a note window and copy/paste the most shocking bits. If they still make you laugh tomorrow, keep 'em!
No amount of breathing can calm me when he gets all Blinded-Me-With-Science about the entertainment wall. He's been shocked before..
dam its cold
you'd have to be around to appreciate it.
Thanks for the mention!! xo
Dear Lord, Please don't let me strangle my ex husband today. Kthx. Amen.
I'm not watching it because it's gross.
I dread when ppl give out my number without me giving the ok. Smfh
lesbos can be blown by god with a strap on...
Check out for awesome cocktails, #craftbeer, and terrific food! Whole Animal Serivce
you have been prolific lately
#20ThingsAboutMe I wish I wasn't so insecure
Einstein explained the difference between genius and stupidity with "There are limits to genius." Every day we see further proof.
#21in21 here is my 6th article about not moving to FL if you do not understand there are rules....
Second day in a row of watching A Walk To Remember....
I love yellow women with a pretty face*
RETWEET if you watched Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" music video. (followme)
Jeff and his wife Laurelle were instrumental in developing the current music format for Taste of Oviedo. Our thoughts are with Laurelle...
the last 2 episodes of season 3 are 2 of the best individual tv episodes of tv I have ever seen. And just wait for season 4
Question for an expert: Can you Sing, dance and act while not in costume?
The feeling you get when you think a celebrity is following you on twitter but then you realize it's just a fan/ fan club.....
grow some nuts fagtron
straight up bullshit is coming out of your mouth .. -_-
There was 4 of the same color of my car at that stop
Is there an app to stream saturday's rangers game?
Message to the NFL owners "In 2011 you don't play, in 2012 we'll stay away." Spread this around so it gets to those that need motivation.
AFTERNOON karaoke today debuts at The Wicked Hop at 2pm :-)
RIP #SoulTrain 's Don Cornelius. Who knows why people take their own lives.
Katie .... lol you silly girl:) i never said you could use my words:)
Enjoy! I want a report of the strangest/most NASCAR thing you witness.
Finally watched episode 1 of Game of Thrones. Now I finally understand why everyone keeps telling me winter is coming.
Students create their own apps for android w/o computer science background w/ app inventor - scratch like interface
yes, every show is included. Please call 405.364.3700 for info on season tickets.
yes I drink would b a must and some great smoke... Lol...
Agreed! RT : rocked #innw Amazing, smart host! Thanks #seattlechamber #MCDM #Edelman and other sponsors! Inspiring day!
yes ma'am!
lol a song. But I have it's pretty awesome.
Today is the last Tuesday to skate at Rockefeller Center for $7.50 (incl. skate rental!). Go slice some ice on this pleasant afternoon. :)
Our senses serve to affirm, not to know.
why did she say to show me? What is it
Lol don't worry! Not attracted to him!
Did you really just think you could say the word 'brownies' without catching my attention?
Buy an analytics API - they are getting cheaper. Connect it to custom software in your office.
Appears that Lee took $50M less than what the NYY offered to play for Phils. Hate that for the Yanks
Bikers get ready, next Saturday we are doing another Caring Heart Poker Run! Join us May 21st at Cheers in Kissimee for a great time!
lets make more cakes
Sheree lied. She started drama between Kim and Kandi. :-X
My home precinct, Providence District Democratic Committee, won Fairfax Democrats' District of the Year again, for second year in a row.
still at SXSW?
No matter how old I am, I will never be too old to say "I love my mommy"
Apparently the officials are not afraid to call charges in the #FinalFour Wish they would have given us a couple in the sweet 16
Glad you enjoyed the talk! Sean was a great speaker and we were happy to have him.
Thanksgiving is great! I'm celebrating alone this year but I'm still making myself dinner. I have a great family and I miss them.
This feels like a great day for grilled cheese and tomato soup.
First time I was ever happy to have some Milwaukee music on a cd
Dude took off his jersey?! mane release dat nigga!!
My level of patience << The size of a midgets dick lmao :')
Every 15 mins you spending planning saves you 60 mins down the line; 1 hr saves you 4 hrs. Take time to plan today!
Someone might need to send a lasagna and some freelance grief counselling
Salsa Wednesdays was poppin!
#truth RT : Camping without alcohol and cigars is just sleeping outside.
just what kind of worms were you thinking of? The infamous Steve McQueen worm species?
definitely a night owl... I love to stay up late... Which are you?
Jerry and Lora are here every week with great veggies from their hoop house stores and quality items like handmade cutting boards!
love my hubby soo much ^_^
We are #proudtopay for public higher education that provides Coloradans with the skills they need to succeed in the workforce of tomorrow
where the hell u been! Aint seen ur ass since halloween!!
Ready for the immense, unstoppable swarm of Coachella tweets for the next week.
They hate what they don't understand.
amazing what pretty girls can do :) PS I have new perfume to buy and we both have bracelets to find, Kim!!
Just finished getting ready for church yeah buddy gonna learn about god today but I'm so tired:))
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd really like to get to know you!:D
Big shot Jesus Shuttelworth.
Easter=travel day. Missing He is Risen!
Thanks!! Our treats are definitely healthy and very tasty...watch for discounts on our facebook page or over twitter!
Miami I am coming for you soon. See you in 7 hours.
Or even sooner if you're at the next MAAPPPT meeting!
there are thousands of people all trying to win, it's not gonna be easy. But someone has to win, so keep trying.
We can help with this. Email with your questions!
First leg workout since my knee injury went great!!!
yo munchkin!...how r ya?
Wait a pretty spin move from Waiters.
What. That's interesting. Why would someone choose to have a weekday wedding?
Would be nice if my building would notify in advance of LOUD HAMMERING projects taking place during #grading hell week.
HEY UNK CAN YOU CALL ME WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE PLEEEEAAAASSAEEEESEE :-)
alright got my silk bonnet on hoping that youtube tutorial was accurate-up in a few hrs for work-...yeah
Your welcome and thank you :)
Does anyone still use Myspace? I haven't checked my band page there in awhile. It seems like it's falling fast
Plans changed today. No diamondbacks game today. I hate work lol
I Almost Burnt Mi Pants Tryna Iron Nd Tweet At The Same Damn Time.!
Mr. Bass.
wow i havent heard that expression in years, my dad used to say that all the time
oh hey Twitter, long time no see. Down another 3 pounds. woot.
'Grats! Will you have to move back? #crosses fingers.
Ok, so hours later i told #Siri again: "Talk dirty to me." She said "the carpet needs vacuuming."
We went to give a Happy Birthday to thee #one and #only and salute him on a successful career over the yrs.
Steve Jobs is living in that fucking phone
no but idk how could someone not
WE ARE YO! Playing the Headhouse tomorrow night on 122 Lombard street.
SUKS WORKING ALL WEEKEND ITS BEEN MOSTLY GOOD HOPING THIS SAT AND SUN GOES WELL,,,,,,,
So I met in Cleveland last week...and lets just say I fell in love :D Oh and the guys are pretty good looking too ;)
Are you backing up your data to a hard drive? Shame on you! Fire, Flood, and Theft destroys it. We can help. 512 873-0447
me too! Let's get together soon!
what restaurant is that?
putting together panel for staff featuring our partner orgs to learn what they do to get our kids into college & thrive there
EFFF YOU. AND YOUR LITTLE DOG TOO.
I swear everyone here shops at the same thrift store, no wonder it's ghetto out here.
Yea!!! Going to see Panda 2 with Alex.
Actually worst part is you talk about things and people look at you like you are crazy. Not my fault you DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
Gay DRAMA RAMAAAAA!!!
Alright fine downtown Glendale, you're kind of adorable...
Everyone follows new account
Bard is fake life. Just be an 8th inning pitcher. Plenty of money to buy a pool and a model wife like Buttholes.
Lol i always find myself watching terrible horror movies on Netflix.
asdfghjkl, my bestfriend is leaving school early just too see me <3
I feel like a two-wheeled cyborg demigod when I pass almost 1 mile of traffic on my
Trader Joe's is removing #nutfree from labels of products they feel couldn't be contaminated even if it's processed on shared equipment.
Leaving Downtown LA before traffic hits the fan at 3 pm.
So pleased to have John and Aisha Davis on campus today and tomorrow. If you're at Wabash, make sure you meet them both.
If Pacers beat heat & celtics beat 6ers I should try & come there for a playoff game?! How's that sound?!
I just assumed they were the children of the pixelbeasts from I AM LEGEND.
I love my life
If there is a resurgence of the #OWS movement it'll be today!
Thanks for the follow.
The defense lost the game. And when the line gave him time, Cutler was great. Let's see how he does against a real team next week.
omg.omg. Ah !! Djfghh
Giant baby says "Wahhh!"
the same people complaining are the ones going lol
I want chicken
Beautiful seal by Ian!
Angeleno native Nipsey Hussle will be performing at the House of Blues LA this Saturday!!!!
I'm curious, how tall is it?
Having a phone therapy session means you can drink during it!
love that new kelly rowland song ft lil wayne motivation
Save me a copy of Deathstroke!
EVERYWHERE. FreeMoreWest/Southend. We have a client who wants to trade work for space but not sure that's the best strategy.
Amazing night at !! Had a blast! Big shout to and !
Not at all pleased by this.
well sorry if i really did make you cry, i made myself tear up!
Had completely forgot to book my hotel for SABR convention in 6 weeks. Will be staying half mile from convention.
Catching up on Nurse Jackie before the new Season begins lol
Newt (albino penguin) playing music to celebrate winning GA. Very poor comparison for many reasons. Real American?
He is the only man whose memoirs have a sequel.
Do I have to leave the house? RT : Please come to my 1/4K Walk to Cure Laziness.
Thanks Bruce you too!
ok. Thx. You good? Wyd next year?
derek is so fit
Consider yourself in on these q's. Not requ'd to be part of #fycchat. As I was writing, I realized who might still be online.
Be careful about who you allow around you. Protect what's in you. Just b/c they smile at you doesn't mean they're for you...and that's ok...
News Assistant applications due MONDAY at 5 p.m., News Assignment Meeting on MONDAY at 5:30 p.m., Writer Workshop on TUESDAY at 8 p.m.
also, remember that this an ejection year. Anything that comes out of the POTUS mouth means very little- anything for your vote
Yesterday is history, tomorrow a mystery. Today is a gift, that's why it's called the present.
Chocolate for breakfast. Start the day off right.
yeah, lost a ton of respect for the dude
I don't know what your star cat is.
I love you... follow me please
but they actually said coherent shit
Rainy Friday afternoon calls for some Shorty's Bar-B-Q!
I'm just crushed. MCA, you were an amazing humanitarian. So much admiration for you Love Love LOVE coming your way...<3
I just shot a napkin that blew by me...
Great session on Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Iran at #edusaforum! Tons if information on how to recruit MENA students.
ahahah well thank god ! so like wicked excited for the chorus concert tomorrow!!!!!!
#funny #quote If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
Yep, that was pretty much what I imagined.
99% vs 1%, we find out who the 1% in #California and group who calls to hold them accountable. now
Le Who?
Thanksgiving with my family was wonderful! How was yours?
Pretty impressed Google Music will upload .FLAC files as is.
Shout Out to pretty Ms ! Hey girl!!!
How could you be afraid of that little guy. Be afraid of his mama!
Man i been rippin n runing all day
and then there is also 's deep love for her walking desk.
In my first real look at Dekker, pretty unimpressed w/ D and shooting. Don't know if he'll light the world on fire right away
Comic-Con is this weekend but you really need to mark your calendars for Exhibit Ambush, the first ever multi-sensory fashion extravaganza!
wait, you have an olive tattoo?! why on earth did we not think of that?!
Good morn and happy Valentine's day to all! Up for my early morning workout.
come to Disney World with me this Spring Break? Hahaha
please follow me!!! i've created a twitter for this sole purpose
Still drunk? Jeeze. I need to step up my game
Get beach body ready with TeamVic Matrix shakes!
WeSeed is all about helping people get ready to invest in the real stock market. Do you think you're ready to make the move?
Mrs. Tree will have a migrane after having me, Tyamos, Jaylin, Brady, Wes, and Brandon for 3 hours
Did that a longg time ago :)<33
Going to my moms graduation in franklin
Dick riding has never been a form of transportation - it gets u no where #HateAssKissers be u! My man money is funny as hell!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva & Houston Counties until 08:00 AM
Just heard an infomercial on the radio for "Cougar Life" what the fuck
Congrats Jasmin on your call from Ari you waited so long and you deserved it.
I can't unless u follow me.... But u can unfollow me right after if u need to..
oh and thanks lmao. (;
Im In Her Ear Just Like A Earring Then I Get Her To The Crib She Give Me Mouth Just Like A LipRing Im On My FIFA Money I Aint Talking Bout
Day #9 experiment: starting the day without coffee to see if I'm less disruptive in rehearsal.
Any word on if the SmartFit2 will fit the 'New iPad'?
my question is, why are they still worried about the Pens? You beat us, get over it. Move on. I think you have a NEW series to worry about
When midgets smoke pot, they get "average", not "high"
fine thanks
see you
Let's agree that no one declared a "war on women." In other news, North Korea just launched a rocket.
Okay my mentions are so freakin dead! It feels like my tweets just disappear!
All I can think when I walk through the hotel casino to get to the elevators is major heist action movies.
Haha, that's why we have #interns! But I think a group break this afternoon would be even better.
they just said "with a question mark?" lol
tbh, I hate the summer.
Totally forgot about my homework :-0
All day on set! This short film is going to be good... ✌😊🎬
The sunshine fills my hair
1,000 WOW CAN'T BELIEVE IT. THANK YOU ALL
"Hey look its chink "name" in line for panda express. "why didn't she just stay at home!
On this bitter cold night we hit the streets w/ as they make sure homeless have someplace warm to stay. Story 10pm
Exactly my thoughts! RT : I wonder how Tom of myspace feels about no one making a movie about him?
Are you doing a clean install each time or cloning from an image?
Who will be our next victim..er, subject?
Hawaiian utility bills might just drop... in the next decade. Get it, renewable energy....
can we find a spot with outdoors? Hm
After that run today my legs are hurting. Feeling the burn!
Fucking hell! Arsenal! Seriously Man City? That's all you could give? NOTHING??
hell yeah. It's DK, mane! DJ!
I'm glad it got there. I was starting to get a little worried!
How to Legally Trademark, Copywrite and protect your Music
What's happening in Duval 2nite since the Dirty $ Concert was Cxl'd???
Just saw the first #Bcycle of the season cruise by on State St
Huzzah! You definitely have to celebrate those small victories.
New #GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
"Does it zoom in? Than it's an app"! - at our welcome back meeting. Lol
Taking the shiny part of gum wrappers off and putting them on your binder
An alpaca. *slow clap*
I'm not special
Too much ciroc tonight... But that's a luxury problem yo lol
Yes...but i'm watching Shreck 2.
yes, yes it did. Why do you wanna be my bird though?
Dear , sometimes a girl just needs to listen to cheesy songs on repeat w/out all of her Facebook friends knowing.
i'd take the bad points, to have my dream come true.
RT : Rt if you are girl so I can give you 30 new followers. Must be following me. I auto follow back :D
if there is a man in the woods but no woman around, is he still wrong?
The books have been full. So my recommendation is to book out ladies! Especially if you want to look glam for Valentines day next month :)
: I always thought I was your#1 fan.Go Steelers,Black and Gold Rules.Kurt Angle Rules:)
its been that way since day one, only thing is after last season everyone knows the secret format now,that's why half old ppl bak
when Evan Moore conducts us in band>
"I love Monday mornings!" -said no one ever.
You guys hear about that Uncle Ruckus? He hates white people even though he is white.
#KALE also provides #glucosinolates, which have been shown to #prevent colon, breast, bladder, prostate, ovarian cancers, & #gastric cancer.
you too broheim. Plans for today abolished upon waking up and realizing that I had my first hangover of 2012.
I found them on Twitter, I'll share my pic. But I don't want to spend $$ if I can get it for hella cheap.
Hello Wauwatosa! Do you own/manage a restaurant? Are you interested in offering delivery? Send us a DM, let's make it happen!
RT - New England Patriots Classic Uniform > ..The red one'
Thank you Wayne for following
"This title is hilarious and obvs indicates unworthy research" is the classic anti-intellectual move seen in MLA coverage. +
then just like that, their car is totaled lol
cant.rigg the truth baby,u just looking for a reason to beef,u gon.learn.tho
haha lord. this website pretty much sums up my life
Just had a 30m conversation about the plight of humanity, this guy's yrs in the OR and the salsa he was demoing at the grocery store
We'll be open modified hours this Saturday, from 10am-2pm. Come in during the week and beat the last-minute crowd!
It's weird that science is the canary in the coal mine o/a privatized educational model--but then, science is also richest & farthest along.
ComRent Unveils Water-Cooled Load Bank Solution for Data Centers - MarketWatch (press release)
CRASH in Gresham: NE Division@ NE Hood Avenue
Sneak preview of U-T Poll on San Diego mayor's race: 35% of voters remain undecided. Same as in March.
AWESOME!! When do u think you'll be done with it??
What are some questions you have for me?
Would be helpful if the actually had equal pay for women to.
Experiencing technical issues....still about 72 hours from launching the site. STAY TUNED!!
If you're in city tomorrow evening, drop by The is hosting a FA Cup dart competition.
You suck
Who's ready for Monday?
lmfaooo I see how it is!!!
That makes my hero for laying that ass out last night!
no again I reiterate my point u gay but Dnt wat it takes lol. *shrugs* I'm just saying if u gone do it do dat shit big den!
hahahah nope just mr. Good time ;)
ACK. Don't open any messages from me. No funny pictures found, i promise. Evil twitter-hacking. Nor do i care passionately about weight loss
Design isn't always about what the designer likes, it's more about what the designer's client likes. Thoughts?
A kid called me tiny so I stuck his face in the sand. Hahah.
You are not alone #MichaelJacksonsMusic >
One local resident said 4 MPD cars and 4 DPS cars were involved in the individual's detention tonight, including undercover officers
just finished breakfast haha busy day
Those nights where your skype keeps fuckn up when you trying to talk to someone who makes you happy -____- and to think I got the upgrade
What is your definition of technology?
hate I missed the chance to say hi. Hope to cross paths again soon.
Thought did well to get Brandon Marshall for $17 in our mock auction draft today —big-time value.
I know ha sometime back BC. 600 or 700. Just talkin shit
You can just google "Gamma Pulse Download" and you should be able to find all of our music there!
you got it bro! Dm or e-mail your address to
omg i wosh there was more footage
Waiting for Andrew Bird to come on stage.
so far so good. I think smog is good for kriolus!
This pilot season is really exciting!
not a lot, like hmm okay I'll see thanks though! :]
thanks for the tweets! We do have an office copy of The Elements of Style
I am home sick now!
you are coming back to ny yes chloe do you like ny better than la
Watching the laker game for the first time this year
well, i guess i have some competition. i love a good challenge or was that a dare?
I've been told, "Grow UP!.... "Ok i did that, now what?
Lamb of god, dethklok and gojira at stage ae?! My day just got much better
what kind of road bike? I am a crazy gear lady... A fast bike that you can ride after swimming at the Y...?
I feel so damn UNPRETTY !! )':
I Create custom MP3's 4U w my endorsement/voice. Can b sexual explicit. 4 music, DJ shout outs, fan ringtones.
are you watching the show on Green Planet?
on the iPhone or iPad?
Hello my disciples.
west Virginia hbu??
I read that in their voices
Just watching a lil bit of I, Robot.
yes, she has a pretty smile, face, everything. I wanna look like when I grow up.
I woke up this morning & my hair looked like Gohan's
when did u come into the country?
What's up twitter??
I don't get on much -.- send ehht too me I wann ehht as youur contact picture(:
Just had a VERY informative free 30 min call with ! Contact Beth for #website #monetization & #coaching. u are a
What would stepping up your game in your #business and your life look like right now?
I hate losing halves to Canadian shit teams.. This game is heart breaking so far.
Q2: Many minority and low income students attend schools that remain segregated by both race and class
me either
And then I realize, as bad as its reputation may be SILENT NIGHT, DEADLY NIGHT 3 is better than half the shit on my shelves.
Why do like so much????
thank you!!!
In light of the recent earthquake, the team has relaxed its clean underwear policy for all players. Nipple clamps still mandatory.
Going home to listen to my Cd.
All things are relative: if you said "eat shit" to a worm, he`d just smile thankfully.
My computer is running pretty nice right about now. Almost makes me wish I could stay home and use it. xD
Vote, vote, vote - well, just once actually. Don't be part of record low voter turnout!
ikr! hurry up time i wanna see #thevoice and after that its #smash yay! xD
RT : Mayors all over the US are leading the way to promote #healthy lifestyles.
your the one who started being mean.. All I EVER did was love you.. But you just pushed me away.
wow booth looks great!
Morror on the wall....
POTUS has swag
So since were being homo , #MentionMyCrush ;P
Yes please!! RT: set by the Juan Maclean tonight with the Office Twins at , NO COVER!!
I was! i can't help it, i'm super EMO.
What about Amazon music? Can I get it there too?
Fried butter balls? Fried koolaid? How? WHY?!
Fair. But I think they can score against Lehigh.
Statement from WI AFL-CIO "We know that Tom Barrett will be a strong advocate for working people."
Oh, we're glad to read that! It's so moving. Thank you. RT : "The Pitmen Painters" at ACT is AMAZING theater...I cried. A LOT!
How we get kicked out the club before we get in lmao...dats my nigga tho
Hola! I'm Kristi, I work in an academic library in Anchorage, AK
Glad you liked it. You can continue following me. Ha ha ha
Whose there?!
I hope mayweather gets knocked the fuck out
I'm back! My computer was broken for a couple months but I'm up and tweeting again! Many Thanks to !
Stop lying. It's obvious that's not justin's private acc
Just spent an hour, laying in bed, organizing my twitter account. I have sh*t to do!! And I'm never on here anyway.
I wonder how many peole believe Dooms Day is today.......or shall I say May 21st Judgement Day. :D
Anybody down to see the Buccos play the Phillies tonight?
End was long in coming for storied Le Bec-Fin As dining eras go, Le Bec-Fin's didn't end so much with its Veuve Clicquot-soaked farewell
Very very cool! Keep it up
I think I just walked into a trickfest
Well said ! "If the definition of “open” is “that which can be indexed and monetized by Google,” maybe we need a new word.
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
#read Psalm 37:3 Trust in the LORD, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed.
lol I'll have to try it then
Can't call me back. Shoes???
Pray For Caitlin . (:
Never before have I wished to have the power to sketch...
story of my life! Always hungry for pancakes and mimosas :)
I'm ready for my hint.
Bet the Vikings hire the maintenance guy the Packers just fired.
i really need to stop making pet names for my honey bear
Council members Ed Reisinger and Mary Pat Clarke say they will vote yes.
S/o to Happy Bday. #Blessings!
they r the smoke, it just green in the pic to show that the letters will GLOW IN THE DARK!!
“ I would rather be not known for the right reasons than known for the wrong ones...”
Low key, I want to move to #wyoming now, just cause of that commercial
Dan P. tried to take one of our Big Boys. He failed! mwahahaha
When people repeat themselves and say it 10x louder .
I would create an episode showing how concussions happen and try to explain why the recovery time is so different for each individual.
Have you used #kiddori on both #iPhone and #WindowsPhone? Which version do you like best? (yes, they are a little different).
I'm your client.
thanks for the share - looking forward to catching up soon!
Busy week in media. I hope 1 day we understand that true healthcare reform is Holistic living in how we eat, handle stress, and exercise.
RT NASCAR Hotpass on is fantastic. The best way to watch your favorite driver race.
Of all the times I want to be alone, now isn't one of them. Needing a big hug :(
Rain my ass -__-
yea your right and I've noticed... Thanks
Q: What is a superhero's favorite part of the joke? A: The "punch" line!
lol My brother cant play slow songs on the drums.hahahahahahhahahahal You supposed to to play anything
relaxing in the lake district today. enjoying summer in the UK and I just may have gotten a sunburn.
Wow, thank you for the nice mention.
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY:Do not complain of life, lift your head. Bad days are necessary for the good days count."
Yeah, but I've been to like 9 Ravens-Steelers games and have never had a problem.
Anger - a feeling like love, joy, or apathy. Acting Coaches tell us anger is an easy choice. Greatness lies in the love behind the anger.
#UCLonFOX UEFA conspiracy.
Cech definatly didn't save that header, it crossed the line
Girls just texted that they ran into our first bear of the season.
Curious what (if any) books exist with the leading young character having autism?
Central Park is the most connected Census Track in the United States. 30 neighbors!
Hehe. "Bear" is used to describe a hairy or bearded man (sometimes larger-framed but not always) in the LGBT world
Why You Worried About Me ?
Thus, the interesting info will be how the rankings are different.
And now I discover we're not just randomly being mean. I still stand by my remarks however.
OMFG........... today was a kind of low 4 me cuz.... My muther beat me at Micheal Jackson:The experience...-_-
My timeline is
Great...now I'm awake
John are you at the Final Four this weekend?
well....my doors are locked at least....
": Privet moskvaaaaa!!!" You know it
I wonder if a unicorn's horn grows when it gets a boner......
Shout out to Cacao. -Best Hot Chocolate ever.
It takes a strong person to pretend everything is alright when its not, & a stronger person to admit its all gone to hell and ask for help.
Cabin fever >
hey there.... how is ur favorite time of the week? (weekend) lol
*G* thank you! glad you enjoyed it!
feeling very happy today!!! :)
The person who stole my laptop is such trash.
It's hard not to get emotional listening to Jason Variteks retirement press conference. Good luck captain!
hey ET, what's good?
feeling butch tonight....I guess this is how feels...
Celebrating a birthday or anniversary soon? San Su will make your event memorable beyond compare!
Sending Valentine's wishes to you.
It varies! Some give a public talk, but mine was private. I prepped a few key points, but it was mostly back&forth discussion.
BEAUTIFUL Pittsburgh photo notebook in Springpad!! Love it!!
so what does "ratchet" mean?
Ok aorita boi I love my chicken legs <3
Just glanced at Deepak Chopra in my timeline and thought it was Richard Wakile.
i knew u was gonna say dat shit lmao
One day you wake up and everything has suddenly changed and you dont even know what hit you.
Why am I up??
RT : Don't let little people get under your skin. You do not have time to let them steal your energy. Focus on where you are going!
Checkout our website www.slyderfootball.com for the future of tailgating!
Its about to be a good day....
Jeter is hitting .404! Wow!! Like a dream he's flowing without no stopping. He's sweeter than a cherry pie with reddi whip topping.
Lol! And just seconds ago---you were talking about the silly cones leaking!
what is hack night?
In order to judge me you have to now me so if you don't know me keep my name out your mouth
Don't advertise that, you're going to flood the applicant field now!
everytime laker fans take a L they always bring up the Heat. Smh
Do you know how I know you're ghey?
Hello Quincy! I'm Zeola Gaye, the baby sister of Marvin Gaye. I just wanted to send you my love♥
'Hakuna Matata' to all the TESTERS tommorrow:) hope you do great on them.
Tiger's been Hanging out at Russell's...this could be interesting. Hm..lol
Thank you for the Follow David! God Bless!
Same here. In Heaven!!!
We're experiencing technical issues// could you please put that on the screen so that we don't think it's our TVs?
doing well :)
looks nice!
I love my dog.
The fact that we share the same birthday September 27th ;)
Mizzou has to get a point out of that possession!
so sad!!! She was great.
im blessed to have a husband that allows me to b who i am. i dont have to hide anymore now that ive been disowned by mom and siblings. :)
You're absolutely right! RT : it's the only way to go! Besides, the best food is at local places.
"I would totally love to date an autistic guy. That's ton strings attached right there."
I'm really looking forward to the year being over. I just hope the world really doesn't end next year :P
Sweet potato fries! RT : Looking forward to the #StutzArtists Open House this Fri and Sat. Come get some
definitely not allowed to join.
and it's going to be two million tomorrow...
Cards against humanity. Best card game ever.
Np jazmine sullivan my foolish heart
Thank you Kristina!!! :)
i need more followers
. We had a great time too. Thanks for volunteering today!
what about Spanx? You are very influential on that subject// Well, I'd like to think so. But so far,no joy!
RT : Need a website?! Make sure you hit up < They made www.djchino.net
Haven't tweeted in a while! has a show with Hoodie Allen coming up at webster hall!
Or something. I couldn't figure out WTF she was trying to say.
just got excited, someone tweeted me...oh wait...more spam....(i don't eat meat, or ham for that matter)
I really hate Apple and the fucking Iphone. Why is it im on my second Iphone 4? Stupid freezing issues
#nw "Notorius". I wouldn't be surprised if Craig Mack killed Biggie. I mean, after "Flava In Ya Ear" nobody knew if he was still alive.
It's Bogous when yu 18 N somebody writes on your wall happy mother's day .!!! Smh not a good site
But God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Psalm 23:1 A Psalm of David. 23:1 The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Exciting will be when you guys pull into your designated parking space at the brewery. ;)
definitely wasn't wasted.
Zooey Deschanel, you know damn well that's rain out there. Stop frontin' on your phone!
Add teachers to that list. “: Same goes for writers..." publishers consume "their potential wages in happiness"
yes! Apparently there are more flavors in fact, who knew?!
RT : via 's social media sr. manager on building a social business: if you want to send a company message, be human first...
my mom just freaking pissed me off.she showed me this joke about usher taking rachel maddow(google her) to the vma's and it was justin. -_-
Life is hard sometimes
~ connecting Good here. I see you, I read you. congrats on Officiating the Wedding. Did u get my Card?
Just landed in Williams AZ. To give you an idea of the time warp I just stepped into--tonights prime-time tv: M.A.S.H. "Hawkeye gets laid"
Catching that pervert feels like it was so long ago
he's definitely the most famous sex tourist drug addict! Yeah!!
The question asked: Why were there $100,000 in unused landlines, cell phones and voicemail in Wisconsin agencies? There's a disconnect.
The only thing I learned after last night is that I'm a beast at pool only when I'm drunk.
RT : Howard Reich is here to discuss “Prisoner of Her Past,” a documentary about his mother and her rare late-onset PTSD:...
great keep up the good work!
Thanks for the RT!
which one?
Tweet tweet! I'm a yellow canary.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2061 calories! on 4/2/12 at 11:31 AM
Perpetual optimism is a force mulitplier.
someone got stabbed at wal mart over play doe,, and it's not even 12 o clock yet!
Nope, asked Uncle John to send me an invite but he never did.
it's called homework passes bitchezzz!!
where are the art heretics?
Sometimes I be lazy ass hell but money call and I'm the most energetic guy lol real talk.
People like to hear what I say. That's why I get so many followers lol.
. TY 4 follow. Being followed by a hedonist makes me feel all tingly...in an irreverent way, naturally... Following you right back.
Funny stuff tonight Thanks for putting on such a great show!
RT IF BY YES plays at LIVING ROOM. This Friday at 8pm. >> Any plans for Phoenix? :-)
Good Bacon Hunting
sorry it took so long to get back to you. Thanks. We'll be back soon. We'll let you know ;)
nice. have a great weekend.
Hey there.....how are you? How are classes going???
hm...nope. Don't feel it.
Happy Hump Day! has definitely been on someone's birthday cake during a porn shoot.
So much fresh powder it is like riding on butter!
People think tornados do damage in Kansas, wait until this shit storm called KENTUCKY WILDCATS gets a hold of them.
He's definitely a flawed player, but I think he's more talented than people give him credit for.
Oh hi der im alex- NW Represent
Hi Phil, Hansen looks tough. I imagine we'll get 2-5 or 3-5 max. Adonis looks logical. Taking Contreras (Stealcase) in exotics to
LOVE your work!!
ballack is an ass!!
' I need more followers
This morning's 8.5-mile run took me over 1,000 miles for 2012. About 1/3 of the way to my yearly goal.
“: I can't believe GCB was canceled!! #heartbroken #lovethatshow” I dont know why!!! I feel empty now:(
Needs a NY agent now!
#YourCuteAndAll But you talk to dirty & I'm not interested in smoking a joint with you.
merry x-mas ppl have a safe & fun holiday
I am PUMPED, I am having such a good time teaching and networking with so many successful business people at our event.
Switched rooms. Jan Reiff on senior seminar exploring history of LA's Historic Filipinotown
#aprilfools nonsense aside, let's not forget #madmen is on tonight!!!
keep seeing the Sonic restaurant commercials, that has to be Olney acting as the passenger in the car scene!
It's not enough to just be a "Fan"... These days you've gotta "Like" something...huh?
Dark Shadows could be the best collaboration between Tim Burton and Johnnty Depp ever.
heard they are awesome live....can't wait.
well I will be doing as much of the production myself. (Low-Budget to the 10th power) l.o.l. As long as the message is sent
The most annoying thing I think on Sunday = Tomorrow is Monday.
I have a hard time believing Zac as a Marine. I'm hoping he pulls this one out. #acting or
Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth has passed. A giant of Civil Rights movement. His biography A FIRE YOU CAN'T PUT OUT was a powerful story. Read it.
: Wanna start an fan club at the Journal? is invited too.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 19
and i dnt give a shit
When knows more than anyone else about head trauma, they'll truly be able to serve and protect their players physically.
The "speed of life" can be faster than any other known element.
February is named after the purification ritual Februa held on the second full moon in the lunar Roman calendar.
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH TOUGH LOVE TONIGHT AT 8pm!!! NEW DAY AND TIME!!!!!!!!
Just got to work & they're shooting another #portlandia episode outside
I'm kinda mad everybody at the studio was shocked that I could dance yesterday.. I been sayin it for the longest.. I do this!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I hope the fire alarm goes off
The violence of humanity knows no bounds. The potential of it is devastatingly terrifying, and quite impossible to understand.
Yay!!! Moved into new condo :)
Could someone explain how Electronic Arts can offer an Indie Bundle?
The Neatline workshop pauses for laughter as the giant orange balloon from the aerial photography makes its way past them.
Oh dang shit just got real.
RFT!!“: #WhenTheLakersLose they fans try to find an excuse "we lost cuz Kobe had to booboo the whole game"”
boys with tattoos #yummy ;;;
Passion creates action. It moves you to accomplish things you didn't think were possible. #inspire #career via
Life Ain't Easy When You're A Mythical Creature
Cool magazine! What kind of info are you looking for?
I had the most amazing time last night, I dreamt I saw you again
Thanks for the RT! ~tail wag~ Tweet on ♪
THIS hoe done told the world I stole her money.
PD got it Wrong. I trust voters to do their research and pick the best candidate. Ask people from the Justice Center about me!
and then she got up and did that dancing shit like it was nobodys business.
While packing I found my microfiber cloth and cleaned off my MacBook Pro. It really needed that! They screen looks like new again.
If you're going to be in Lexington tonight, I hope you have good insurance
Glad you like it! Welcome to the Chapman Graduate School :)
please follow me please!!!!!!
Stealing a truck is one thing but then taking the dog along with it. Wtf is up with people these days.
is it bad that I go out with beautiful girls and charming boys all night and still think about political science before I go to bed?
That is always the case
Jet lag?! Well I have train lag! lol
Company holiday gift package season is here!! We just received an order for 2000 pops. It's gonna be a busy holiday season!!
its the last year before I move. I need to play varsity
Clearly lots of people do care about their toilet paper, however. Okay, now the anchors are having fun with it.
TONIGHT ONLY: FREE TRX DEMO. 5:30pm at RAIN FITNESS Queen Anne / Belltown
you do have a good point
10 points of my #Klouchebag score are automatic, due to even having a Twitter account.
cool nick..
Funny you said that cause we went to Disney today and doing the same tomorrow XD
couldnt of gotten through that english paper without the guidance of my best friend grizzly
haha sure did
Omg...pretzels are my new obsession<3
#thingsiverealized people only care about themselves
The way ms katchpole ended the day today... #lovethatwoman :)
ok se you later
holy cow they were both amazing!
Attempted delivery of mystery package to me was redirected by mystery recipient. Are people forgetting their physical addresses now?
#TEAMHEAT WE GONE WIN THT RING THIS OUR YEAR LET'S GO MIAMI HEAT
u were in my dream last night! U were hiding a broken wing I kissed it,u kissed mine & played it like the neck on ur guitar :-)
Sunday morning. . . working at CBTL - my favorite! ;)
Family Night is starting right now! Bring your kids down to get their Child IDs made and enjoy our new desserts :)
I hope everyone is having a good morning.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a condition which common sense may handle correctly.
We wish you a happy and relaxing holiday!
WTF this rumor that Austin and Alexis are dating!!! HAHahaha hahah oh shit some drama is gonna go on.
love the quote!
Can't afford cover at the club.
OKKEEYY I GET IT.
Sheldon Cooper is gay. Sorry to burst your bubble :p
:D Can I come too?
any days a great day with you in it1 Thx for sharing in the ritual Kite contest - a day as beautiful as you ! Much Love -
Cash is your best bet, but we do have many vendors taking cards now!
I'm drawn to it like a moth to a flame... a very old moth...
A GREED.
just ordered my new camera asdhdhx so excited ahh it should be here tuesday :) probably will make a new video then
Can't wait to watch #MayweatherCotto #PacquiaoBradley #PetersonKhan #boxing has some good matches coming up.
the slow grind is better than no grind as long as it's yo grind
Why do 8th grade girls write a heart after ever damn staus? Example: •Mall <3 •OMG I totally just love JB <3 ..fucking stop
and in English that is??? lol Happy New year Mily
im not though
What is happening with Dorothy Lucey? She is saying steve jokes only funny to her and interrupting Jeff with a hair story?
Good call! RT When you see the gate full of 8th Graders on your 7am flight to NY UPGRADE! #Worth69Bucks!
Luna from ID: New focus on growth models in #ESEA is reasonable, both for kids reaching proficiency and those above
At camp, it's raining. :(
I am ready to go back to school my older sister ruins my life and my parents let her run them. knows what I'm talking bout
OR it makes you find out who you are really quick...like a really strong objective... lol
Hope it’s not a time mgmt. class. PRT MOTHER OF FUCK! Class late again & missed the bus. Fuck this shit, Im take'n a Zipcar!
Sounds good to me. I'll even treat :))))
The RETURN of ICON SATURDAYS at NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!! FREE SHOTS $20 VIP!!!! indmix
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, IIHF World #CAN v #USA and the #CAPS v #Rangers #StanleyCup playoffs! Lots to celebrate today!
we overrode that due to the leatheryness of those sighted
R YOU EVEN IN COLLEGE...the RIGHT COLLEGE !
After going so many nights in a row, it feels really strange, empty, and unsettling to realize my boyfriend isn't here tonight
the Sunset is cool and all...but u had me all excited you were watching a John Wayne movie
Ya think "You Porn" will ever change its name to "marriage saver"?
It's really going to be a good day today....GOD is holding my hand!!!!
yea, that was not my favorite part, by far.
cn u follow me
the Ward disc dropped today for me in #minecraft. Great tune! thanks! Is it available on your site, too?
Man iHavent Song For Facebook INA While Maybe I'm Do It Soon..
Hey. Not mine, just a place I really like. I hope you're well.
Hahaha when wakes up at 4 in the morning ranting about her mcdouble lmfao
HECK YES I WILL!!!
Kid: The other lady said if u were doing homework u could have unlimited computer time. Me: No. U get 1/2 hr - NO one gets more than 2 hrs.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers around but especially Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful mother. I love you mom
RT : From the #AIDSAT30 survey: "...I am still alive at age 51 when I became infected at age 23. I feel like I have lived...
thank you for the laugh
I know!!! She really bothers me with the giant cult following she has from YouTube & joining late -____-
5/14-For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
are you okay ?
"To be conscious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge." - Benjamin Disraeli, English Prime Minister
Get Ready Milwaukee...here we come!
Lol.. I was going to send a warning shot.. Then a real shot every chirp afterwards...
Video Killed the Radio Star was the very first video
yup wemt tn every concert so far only missed one u?
I don't understand why you have to choose. I'd just make them all ;-)
why can't vermes shift our formation more often and put cj and teal on the field at the same time?
With God you're never under the weather, but you may feel bad!!
thanks love
#airasia I think I know why I won't be flying this airline again. Low cost+ delays. Not worth it.
Looking for new hosting... recommendations?
Im all in like a gud phuckin poker hand achieving never under, do you overstand...
Pretty good commercial spots for the Superbowl so far. I really loved that Avengers preview "Hulk Smash".
Katie's dad: what happens when they find out who A is? Do they start getting texts from B?
Ugh I need my bed now
I love how I knew that was me cause u said Hobo.. and I'm obviously a hobo..
Dont forget spalding wilson RT All I want is a good wholesome woman, my loyal brothers, and space...the company I keep...
Watching Boy Meets World
Everyday I build in some way.
Early voting starts today. Everyday is election day.
#Badgers coaches Mike Eaves, Mark Johnson, Bo Ryan and Bobbie Kelsey all had their contracts extended today through 2017
I sumtimes wanna know how half the ppl in magazine r super super skinny!? Like do they starve thm selves?
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
Give a shout when you make it down!
The music was in your heart all along, Troy. So in a way, it never really left at all...
Mention our supporters for a RT!
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust
oh I didnt mean too put dat!
you are absolutely right, he's a long reliever at best!
Asshole. You knew I needed to leave. "I'm gonna leave for a sec." okay... An hour later and...
I question your salvation in the first place.
Hey guys! Im playing at Mozarts on Lake Austin Blvd this Thursday at 7:30 - anyone gonna be able to make it?? :) Id love to see you there!
dammit....I should have known....my colleagues quote that movie nonstop. I always miss it. damn
fuck these braces /:
Really liking Visual Studio 2010's multiple monitor support. Way more productive!
I was on the 8:40am 7/7/11 flight from PHX to LAS & FOUND an 8gig mem card with family pictures on it. what should I do?
Keep working hard! Stay focused in every area... Treat Mom good tomorrow! :)
hey man still down to send you music for your shows and upcoming opportunities. Would of responded sooner.. Just had a baby!
SHOUTOUT 2 FOLLOW!! LIKE RIGHT NOW!!
you got it, you got it bad
Go ahead and send that intern our way. Sounds like a real go-getter.
#CapHillDC is sadly awash w/ ill-behaved & unruly brats who are left w/ either unempowered or inexperienced & ineffective nannies!
Thank you for a great after party tonight!
We like tea with two lumps.
Should be a good time!
I once used a tub of Oxi-Clean for my (bad) Billy Mays impression. That's uh... That's about it.
Hang in there- 32 WPM isn't all that bad!
in her dreams haha
just working but and going to church. Trying to get right and have a clear mind set in what I wanna do in life. :)
Hello Albuquerque :) nice to see ya
It's midnight and a hottie on the subway is drinking a venti coffee. #youknowwhatthatmeans! #shesaslut!
I'm going to bake some chocolate chip cookies.
NC State Students Recruiting John Wall on Facebook gets shutdown by school. NCAA rules clearly don't work in today's social media world.
i wished i still had an xbox with xbox live and mw3 :[
Our producer at Capital House Studio is finishing the new Before Their Eyes record this week along with our new music. Go give them a shout!
Aw thank you so much!
hm. hard to believe that would be abused, but I can see why it would be scary
Ha. I bet. The first time I watched that movie, it finished and I literally started it over immediately.
and you don't? LOL k.
It sounds remarkable!! You go girl. Great ideas, great options.
Looks like has a great panel: Get ready #Uppers, they're talking about Limbaugh
smh there's no way that rugrats thing is true. So sadistic
swimming with sharks is so exhilarating. Its is amazing. I completely agree.
Sorry, and I hope you guys are OK. If you have to cancel or block any cards, make sure the companies do it internationally [+]
Walking through Walmart and I hear "No Anakin, I'm not buying you a toy, get back here." I'M SO JEALOUS.
Great ideas are like beards: Men do not have them until they grow up...
(cont) Also loved Harriet the Spy, Anne of Green Gables, Boxcar Children and the BSC books as a kid. Books are wonderful!!
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership
wow, that's some in depth reporting there
& I'm watching it alone... So disturbing. I can't believe it started with dogs too! I hope no one is actually this sick. 😔
Is a major piece of scum and a douchebag. What a shameful person.
damn, i wish i knew earlier... Not gonna be able to make it before 3.
Very hungry for work.Looking for a new job.10 years CSR Experience.Proficently Utilized SAP/Microsoft Office Systems Daily. Anyone Hiring???
nope. just tanning beds. they lied about the gym in 'GTL'
There is no substitute for attending a live event like #lavacon I have learned so much in the past three days and met so many great people!
i dont just a pretty face & i dont want just anyone to hold
absolutely. Sometimes we can do more than our institutionalized comrades, other times less.
I have a whole book on the topic coming out in the next few months. I'll make sure to let everyone know when it's out. Thanks!
#thingsIhateaboutfacebook - when a popular service, that costs me nothing, changes their own format without asking me.
Just ate an entire box of Mike and Ike's.
324: I cycled, raked leaves, cooked spaghetti, packed china, did laundry & ripped CDs. I'm grateful to have been so productive today!
makes me feel incredible lucky
what partisan nonsense! #secretary Clinton secured Chen & his family's release. Bush I had Scowcroft toast
my mom does the same thing, not yet but in the US they are working in lifting that rule
My Husband: Can we please turn it to the game? Me: Um let me think about it....NO
Family Night has started! Get a Free 4pc. Nugget when you buy an Adult Entree tonight :) Deals until 8pm.
RT : American values = equality & justice, not fear & racism. Light a candle to join #vigil4justice against
Dude from Iowa State. , is gonna be a mauler inside!
Please b with all the families of 911
I agree! Blech!
NP: Wolfgang & Tiesto - We Own The Night ..... Whoa is that FreaKy. O_o
Had a great lunch today w/ ! It was like hanging out with an old friend. She's a natural coach!
I hear ya brother. I'm still a little filthy.
[c] grandma was in the hospital. Idk.
Waiting for Cavo in the lobby of Project 961.
"if tom trims me for the new year i'm going to be pissed."<took your concerns to heart...yikes you're looking, um...unkempt
Happy Everything to Happy Everyone! Enjoy your holiday splendor, I know we will <3
Welcome new friends! Google+ is to Facebook like drafting a defense in Fantasy Football... Once someone does it, there a run on them ; )
In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
tech n9ne goes hard in every song hes in
Mothers, please don't breast feed your babies in public
btw don't forget to tell Tchaikovsky the news
Ah, life was so much easier when boys had cooties <3
stop waiting for the wind to push you, just grab the oars and row the darn boat
I don't get off til 6:30 the boss definitely plotted on me no way I agreed to this
Heather Masse - Orphan Girl - 08:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Can you please follow me???????
U got a new friend? Well I got homies..
Without committing on the behalf of the program committee, sure!
Thomas Krichel: "I created the open library society."
reality TV must be destroyed
Did you challenge him to a duel? RT: Little freaked out after finding some random guy INSIDE my apartment when I got back ...
We will be CLOSED on Thanksgiving. Nov. 24th. Will reopen for HAPPY HOUR at 330pm on Friday Nov. 25th!
Aaron Wendt to Florida and I haven't seen him since
I was just told "it went to pooparoo." honestly have you ever heard some say pooparoo before? It's hysterical.
Thanks for mentions and invite to #walkingtacos! Gotta make it quick, #rent @ 12
'The King's Speech' is as good as it was hyped to be; Colin Firth, however, was better and more deserving of recognition for 'A Single Man'.
98% on my baby #BOSS :D
ya Lorna actually drove past it, called grandma, & said there was no way the person in the silver car survived.. it was meredith
