#ShoutOut to my stomach for fucking up
And you're tweeting...haha this is interesting. Perhaps this discussion will have something to do with the exam to come?
Remember when children's books contained material that was appropriate for children? Sigh.
I never found the real me But when i find out i will let u know
Thanks Paul - love the remix!
|||+|+ WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Actor or anyone else. :>)
Thanks for the recommendations. In the end I got a Kindle Touch from Amazon for $99. Still have $1 on gift card.
she was indeed...
he killed that shit last night. he ain't ask me did I want any & took all the shrimps out :( lol
When somone leaves us, don't hope & wait for them to come back, move on, feel good about yourself, & say:" I'll Be Fine Without You!".
I'm up from my sleeping break ...
Today I start my new job and we will walk along the land of the insured soon. So Happy.
thnx for the RT. we like guitar solos and great beer too. Go Wings!
Happy Mothers Day Mama Schmidt. Have a good and happy day
coming over for the pack game tomorrow night?
did you get any top secret intelligence from WOTV?
Glad you are enjoying Is there anything in particular that we are doing well?
Wishing a very happy & blessed birthday to !
Maiden tweet, lets get the first one out of the way shall we?
Only reason I watch NBA pregame, halftime, and postgame is because of Charles Barkley. Love him.
me either .... I'm jamming away though. Come help me and I'll go help u!
Be kind, be helpful, and make someone smile today!
We are...a little :)
good mornin Ace
RT Just got inside word that Channel 8 in DFW may be running a story on the Dallas Twestival in the 5PM broadcast! w00t!
getting more followers everyday! <3 much love.
COME DO A CONCERT IN CHICAGO♥!!! :D
did you break your foot at the campfire? feel better soon!
Fail (sure will argue this) but Scimitars don't deflect bullets with force guidance. You Loose.
RT: Your statements done hurt me, they kinda turn me on in a sick & twisted kind of way
I love ! On my way!
Hi guys! Check out my photos of the play I finished up in March for an idea of what it was like! Awesome fun with AWESOME friends!
u already
Comparing images of myself from today and a year ago. Only 2 points obscures mix of gradual change + burst of activity over last few months.
can't win
I'm diggin every second. I'm feelin every shake
I better see u tonight at Ivy! (thanks for the RT) ;)
On #Leopard: Build dependency: #OpenWrt can only be built on a case-sensitive filesystem. Better fire up Linux in a virtual machine...
Bol oh QT : I ain't paying for it so I ain't tripping
hey! :D its me from kellerarmy! lol :D
I need to get blazed right now....
JUST be happy :)
What a fail of a night.
Ask and you shall receive. ;-) The sky is the limit.Don't wait go get it!
are you guys getting these direct messages saying someone is talking bad about you? that's annoying, makes me not want to wade thu my inbox
it was great ! How was your Easter ? :)
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Fingers crossed, fingers crossed!
I did that as a prank a few times when I was much younger. Had to find some use for the road barriers I found.
As a former teacher in a Villaraigosa school, some hiring practices def. prevented reforms impacting student achievement
I am a pickle farmer
I remember where I was that night
hahhahaha nah u would never
Good morning world... make sure to check out our new site! Find out whats going on in the entertainment world! www.platinumposts.com
Fuse...is being pampering poolside. What a beautiful day!
week of June 20th?? Oh, I am so there -- whenever you're up for it.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender "how much for a drink?" The bartender says "for you, no charge."
Happy Mother's Day! Miss you so much Mom.
Man I just met my favorite singer wow she's beautiful....
I hate wen people thank God for dumb shit like shoes and diamonds thank God for life and all of us #had enough
omg, it did. That's so awkward.... I definitely didn't mean it like that.
why not?
Lumet's debut 12 ANGRY MEN (1957) is still absolutely riveting. Especially love Lee J. Cobb and E.G. Marshall in it.
that's what I told . it would be lovely to have a coffeehouse but expensive!
Out of extreme anticipation, I paid $30 extra to get my scores over the phone. This test all in all cost me over $450. Thank God I passed!!!
A lot of the times I'm just confused.
when does tour start for you guys? (;
No one is ever so powerful or successful that they don't appreciate a sincere compliment.
havent been on in a while..think imma do some imagines!!
RT For episode 35, Parlour to Parlour heads outdoors once again - this time with Josh Bruner of Magic Leaves.
Never - sick of it.
Paint & canvas and 30 solid days of studio. #metacognitive retreat.
Doing a night shoot. I love night shoots
&& De'Aaron Can Exit My Fucking Mentions As Well..
"She said I think I'll go to Boston.. Think I'll start a new life..."
10. Upgrade your systems. Replace older light bulbs with compact fluorescents--this saves electricity and fluorescents generate less heat.
I'll be honest with u that smells like pure gasoline.
Paranormal Investigation with & July 2 Space VERY limited Call Monica 414/218-2202
man I'm so out of touch, are you going to SMTown or Music Wave? I meant to say hi at Simon D but you guys left
Purchasing/Supply Chain Manager
Who inspires you?
and so now you think that makes you better because of that?
Nice ya that def makes more sense in LA. You must make the trip to NYC sometime tho its an amazing city. Ive never been west lol
fresh out the gym...wew!!!
John Brennan, at : "...targeted strikes against al-Qa’ida terrorists are indeed ethical and just." And "wise," he adds.
things to do in 2013: go to Coachella
#GWU are you standing in line or have you already won a prize? Let us know!
i can't stop thinking bout you.. i miss kissing on you!
The day u leave is the day i die<3
Absolutely prohibited.
That is just awful! You can never replace memories like that. Hopefully you took phenomenal photos?
RIP parsley plant, our puppy's first victim. Still pretty sure she's generally gifted, tho.
7..dishes...i wash my bro rince them off..kids these days dontdo shit!!
needs to text me back!
I hope Miller is OK after getting trampled.
it's going but right now I'm visiting the greater Dresden/Martin area lol
Good morning peeps! How is everyone this early morning?
Ghetto bitches are so proud to be working at Walmart, it's sad
Thank you Ryan! “: Just cast my vote for ! Best of luck.”
SHOUT OUT TO EVERYONE IN THE WORLD WHO TWEET!!!!NOW Y'ALL FOLLOW ME YA HEAR!!!
Good work!!!
Austin,Tx. Geisha Room Tonight.
Alright man!
elk is great too. Grew up eating mostly wild game, wish I could be so lucky now!
Yeah. Human rust... What a concept.
They really were such a sweet couple, though.
good morning #bestie! On my way to work. I'm too tired, need myself a day off.
Foerster new Skins Oline coach. Hated him in Bmore. Oline got great the minute he left and Matsko showed up.
Biked 19 miles today. #toohot. Time for a nap before Im on my way to the lake for the weekend.
Loving 's lookbook! Absolutely gorgeous, free-spirited, Alice-in-Wonderland fashion! (Who's the photog? Love their work!)
Perfect! Thank You again!!
And so far..worth every penny??
Tommorow should be fun. JB's finally back in LA so, im hanging with him, christian, and the rest of the crew. Gotta get some rest, night :)
me if u follow me we could direct message?
I love when a good movie gives me more energy to work on my #screenplays!
I think to have a perfect life is to have family and friends who love and care about you!(: wish for me to buy your tea(:
Going to see my friend Dan Schnelle perform at
yeah sure..ready to leave ; )
MAHOMIES DONT GIVE UP, I'm still calling (;
electricity comes from other planets
ooh, awesome, thanks! Gonna write you guys down to reach out to next year when submissions open!
excellent choice. You can PayPal me the first 10,000 at your convenience.
: exactly!! Utah Valley University.. Used to be a juco, now a d1 in Great West conf.. 27 in a row now btw!!
Wish I could hear my boo boo's voice before I go to sleep :(
I'm not a big fan of country at all (odd; I live in Nashville) but I LOVE Blake Shelton's 'Over'. Only thing makin' it country is his voice.
Indian food for lunch and lemon cupcake for snack and still I have a headache. Apparently my brain and my tummy do not talk.
sat down and had lunch thursday with donovan campbell. cool guy
ahhaha tell me about it!!(:
Now that Sleep No More has appeared on Gossip Girl, it can safely be said it's mainstream. I consider that progress!
HAHA!! It just made my morning to see a 3-way tweet involving you three.. Brad is a miss-able guy!
people can make jokes all they want about how were datin but i could really care less what they think.
That makes me feel just fabulous.
Thanks that's beautiful
I was gonna say it's like that Facebook friend who posts 5 times a day. Always something new on the agenda they have to tell us.
Another day, another dollar...
don't have one. thank god. i really don't want one :) haha
My body is beaten :/. I can't do this anymore >_<
Excited to be working with the amazing Jen Nikolaisen on Home Free!!
Bet! I Told You!
Whats up from Arlington! Thanks for sponsoring great music!
If I had a gun.. you don't even wanna know lmao
You doing Zepplin tonight! Terrific! Great show.
#kids Showtime Saturdays at Galleria Dallas, Sat, May 12 11:30a: Magic Mike, half magician and half comedian, entertains children and...
what happened to being a bro! you were supposed to come to the game last night!
hunger games????
- Sunday Afternoon!
Thank Joshua! your training about fast cash rocks go see Joshua's blog page! I made 90c tonite!
Cheese curds and Old Fashioneds. It is good to be back in Wisconsin.
You now say your pets name funny because Vinny calls his dog BELLLAAHH
lol you could've said just let me out. I would've
I don't know how Shogun survived early and Hendo survived late!
Aw... thanks! Love you. Super easy to make. Another super easy dish going up. BTW - love the new KiKi photos! She's a natural!
This is the "official" twitter account for the Houston Experience Design group. Welcome!
Yo Granny Like 97 yrs Old Dude....RT : me and my granny just killed a big ass hornet
I want company, but I guess ill just go to sleep. Tomorrow will be all about my beautiful mother :)
that was called sarcasm... We're making fun of people like YOU who take it so serious.
I'm at another one of my daughter's track meets with the family. This is my new past time. I love it!!! She's running three relays today.
Airflow Appliance Repair Now Offering Continued Five Year Major Part Warranty and Pre-Summer 15 Percent Plus $10 Off ...
My local NPR station informed me that there were DONKS at the capitol building yesterday!HOW COULD YOU LET ME MISS THEM? I LOVE DONKS!
Went crazy in #Bath&BodyWorks today....my apt. Smells so fucking good
i am a FILLIONAIRRR cause i <3 NATHAN FILLION
Handshakegate! Petty, sure. I'd rather have a star player (RvP) be petty in defeat than a racist or a cheat (or both).
Hope the #LTDArmy has a fantastic weekend and we'll see you guys and gals at the Smiling Moose on Saturay, March, 24th!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
Looking forward to our new Photo Backdrop arriving tomorrow!! Just in time to use at the end of the week!!
yo that track that ya boy liked is available. Plus I found a spot right on Barry Rd...thought I forgot??
I think you should have one.
Another Craig doin good things.
it was an honor to have y'all! Always great to have alumni come back!!
that is not my job
I'm starting to get into LoL enough that it might pop out soon. Also see you soon at No Quarter. We shall talk.
♬ Happy Birthday Dean Sams, Keyboard player for the band "Lonestar" Happy Birthday Dean ♬ ♬
That's perfect! So glad you took the plunge!
Is partying down at Bedrock LA, my best friends bad ass new recording studio in Echo Park. www.bedrockla.com
hi from
Nothing cheers you up during a droning ( oops riveting ) conference like an upgrade notice from
Yes Naima you better go head and get that Burn Feeling and get that excersise!!! ;) Come back soon I miss your face...k thanks!
thx. Can't wait either.
I hope you don't have to go east or west! May need a couple more cars, just in case.
See ya there!
#thatcamp matt gold on helping students take control of their Int Prop
That dan and dan uncut was hilarious :'D
"DH helps the humanities connect back to the public, and also reengage the public
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
every night i had to fight to get you chumps to stop wrestling w/them. Going for chops broke your glasses!
Hm.... I think i got a new phone waitin for me when i get home. guess i just have to wait and see
alias or textexpander that. :)
Depends what state you're in.......
I even named my Wii ^.^ It's White. His Name is Jack Grey Wii ! He's half Chinese cuaz he was Made over there =P LMAO
Do I love you because you're beautiful,
Btw. We still need to plan the #twittertourney sometime this summer.
The Games Over Why Am I Still On This Channel!? e.e
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes water on their face like that. Sincerely, my whole freakin’ bathroom floor is wet.
thanks for the RT :)
SWEET Home Run !!
It's crazy when Your best friend && I share The same birthday were special best friends (:
haha well... there good so shhhh send them 2 me.. im in the mood
Once you become aware of the manipulation no matter how sophisticated, it doesn't work anymore
Yet another baserunner for Marshall...
noo i deleted all my tweets :)
Do you take cases with domestic violence history?
Tweet tweet I want something good to eat...
Not watching but sounds like Wilton grabbed his balls and said NO MAS to Hanley.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. -Henry Ward Beecher
Who's Allen West and how was he rude?
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
howd you get your tweets to show on tumblr ? i have the same theme and idk how .. smh
lol booty poppin and lots of hair!!! Better see you at the finals august 30th!
Anything exciting happening in #Columbus tonight?
The third set of workshop's are underway. We look forward to your feedback
A bitch better have my money!
Introducing 'Potter-inspired weddings' on MuggleNet bit.ly/zdua8a /// And I've just informed we'll be renewing our vows.
Milan was fun. Good day!
Sleep, got work very early 2morrow
Yeah she does, she's marrying him.
That awkward moment when someone texts you saying “Hey its been forever, let's chill!" "No Bitch, STFU it's been forever for a reason."hahah
Happiness is acceptance.
how was the weather for the 10k? It got much hotter from the start to finish for my 3 miles
enjoying at movie in park!
est part was I totally called him on it. Was like "fisher gonna make some big shots tonight huh?!" he was like "hell yeah!" hah
I was just typing your name into the FA program and accidentally wrote "Jeffrey McClurkey" cc:
I'm going to Maybe get in the 7pm tournament or play some STTs.
beautiful morning run in the city!
Guessing Cam Newton will be on the cover of Madden 13. Congrats to him. Was super impressive last year. I was definitely wrong about him.
Leo your such a jerk for writinq daht -___-
reagan! (: morning sista! (: not much! I have a voice lesson a little later & maybe dinner plans! How about you??
Hear that, ? You can come to ATL to hang with me and ! :] #ThankYouMommy ;]
You're welcome. Would love it if you follow me as well! :-)
No problem! Feel free to post then wherever you'd like. Enjoy.
Can't. I have a bunch of grading to do tonight. Anyone working anywhere tonight?
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city! Whats good in Arlington?
Was that spanish or gangsta? Haha
Why do people still say "no homo" we obviously know you're not.
do 4 more sets of 7 pullups and declare victory
Just finished a long day in pre production about 2 lay it down peoples!!!
"Let's Do Lunch" Non Members Welcome! Still time to sign up for the Executive Women's Golf Association Networking lunch on Wednesday, Octob…
Next book by #StephenKing, "Salem's Lot O'Taxes," about supernatural forces attacking underfunded government
Yes, me too. He prob won't win job in SEA, but definitely can. Flynn a little too Kolb-ish for me.
Good I hate you too, but by saying that you tweeted something! :D
obligated?! How bout you just wanna wish me a happy birthday?...
why are they called apartments if they are all stuck together?
ITS OFFICIAL(: Smile is going to be my first single. out in a few days.
Corfu,NY - what would the Dowager think of you with your liquor store, gun store & tattoo shop dotting the main thoroughfare?
Ready for spartan football again got some good players this year!!!
Had a successful #editorial #shoot at #Malibu for Chaos Magazine!
win. win. So far so good Sunday.
Thank you! I have been very fortunate to have been selected for these #NASASocial. Can't wait to share the excitement! :)
Welcome back students! :)
True dat but at the sametime the females are alil afraid to tell us how they feel real talk.
Last day as an intern!
im on some cool shit.
New appreciation for a good restaurant management. I've seen a place absolutely fall apart in about 3 weeks when the manager left.
Rest In Peace.
I could've swore I just saw Al Davis sitting next to Jack Nicholson...
haha you know i GOT you ..
I have been eyeing Balenciaga for a long time. Might need to take the plunge but you will of course need to hold my hand
Happy Easter! Had a wonderful one with family:)
Someone come see the Lorax with me
My own singing gives me headaches
Giants cheesecake cupcakes or Boston Cream pie for them Pats? #who'syourcupcake
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it. Batt, Al
yeah it's great they are reliving the 90s
Happy Valentine's day :)
Pandora time till I pass out
I think the mom is too skinny. Am I wrong?
neighborhood #Date with Rob ;D
Grand Prairie Native Kerry Wood announced his retirement :(
Detainees Deserve More
oh boy here go... We tag teaming nba debates now?..... Lol see ya tomorrow buddy....lol
Nothin like a little lizard hunting to start your day
I'm going to be doing a series of big monthly presentations on the state of the startup industry. Hope to keep things in check?
We are live at Milly's Tavern in Manchester, NH tomorrow night!! We can't wait to see our New England friends again!
BrandAOK My night still bright what u on bro bout to leave studio u woke??
#BlueSlidePark has already sold more on iTunes than carter 4, and watch the throne.
Seeing your own mother cry really makes your blood boil. Selfish asshole
Just giving this a try... any advice from junkies for a newby?
Here's something special 4 all you Sonic ice cream lovers. For the next month all Sonic Milk Shakes are 1/2 price after 8PM everyday!
"Houston, we have a problem"
AKQA is hiring in all departments! Message me if you are interested! (Search, Creative, Project Management etc....)
Almost an hour on thie phone w/ <3 love her.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
It's not a live performance if its a recording!
Working on my website today. Columns, headers, footers, static and dynamic content, oh my!
Ps got so darn excited forgot to mention it's The Monster Truck Mania in Amarillo tonight... See ya there !!!
(Sommerset Maugham) It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
Thanks so much for the follow Youre amazing!!!
I might be out of town this weekend! If not this Sunday, I'm definitely visiting soon. You come see me at MOCA too.
Hanging wih Jess! We're watching hangover 2!! We're at a FUCKIN IHOP!!! Lmaoo
« “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.” -Aristotle»
yep we sure do!
We got a question the other day from Twitter saying this: "Can I install one SSL Cert on to multiple servers?"
I never use #FB chat -- I find it way too slow.
Mine? after three glasses of wine...hahaha
Thanks Jerry!
and the battle would probably be epic as hell to partake in
Today, I lost my mood ring... I'm not sure how I feel about that.
RT : RT : where the Hell have you been?
if I didn't tell my followers to follow you the first time you sent it to me I'm sure as hell not going to the second time.
I miss home ):
they had a bad week in news
i can haz new website www.jamiesaft.com
have a relaxing evening.
LOTR no brainer RT : Which trilogy should I start... 1...Lord of the rings 2...Transformers 3...Matrix
I hate when certain people overuse the word "rape." No, you did not just rape this Monday or rape that test or pointless other examples.
I just realized I forgot ur cupcake! Im so tuuuupid!!!! :(
Finally DONE with academia for the next week. Dear thesis, you are so very stressful I can barely stand it.
we grow mustaches #LIKEABOSS (:
New 50/50 tees out from tultex at a great price!
"Don't "bro" me if you don't know me."
I swear, smh.
This is it ! It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !!
I have a message icon on my blackberry that I can't get rid of. It is driving me crazy.
Is it time to go home yet?
Vibes Media
So go take a vacation to Rack City!
In the absence of a text, fans will create a text, says Paul Booth, in reference to Inspector Spacetime fan playbor
Hey, thanks! Sounds like you have a fantastic day planned!!
Crazy thought just popped in,.. "why is it so much fun to see bubbles pop or to be tempted to pop a ballon,espcially when no one is looking?
giving away tickets to KISS THE SUMMER HELLO 2K12 and backstage to meet
By org I mean both. Thanks
you mean *same thing* lol
Our booking reading call begins in 10 minutes. We are reading from the book "How to win friends and influence people" by Dale Carnegie...
oh ok I'm so Srry!
The Last Song!
I got that drive but I hope we don't crash
National Cleavage Day! Hm...
Watching this Sixers vs Boston game get me geeked. Fucking Bulls. FML
Let's party tonight, sofla!
Hey, 140 characters without the word "fuck" in it. LOL
this dj rocks!!
Congrats to exec, David Wright on his inclusion in the
Didn't think Obama would take that stance until after the election.
Goodnight wish you noticed me
RT : Dude, chill. It's P.E. not the Olympics.
I'm all for you 💜
I absolutely love when I put my hair in a perfect bun <3 at work! Peace out!
U R welcome! Have a great day!
Yeeesssss Jesus loves me ...
preach it.
Love to put a Prince cd in just sit back shut my eyes and enjoy his music like a fine wine #teamprince s/o to all true Prince fans
The lady on the 31 bus is so talkative! Loves!
Finna Text My Bighead..
being single is better than being with someone who doesn't appreciate you
Red velvet cupcakes are my weakness 😔
We need to collab in the near future.
Sent you a DM with my answer to this question. :-)
She is the most amazing girl in the world! She makes me so happy! (:
Citibank Rolls Out New ThankYou Rewards Program for Small Business - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
yea you gone be just fine down there
Y'all and these September due dates. Christmas time must be real nice lol.
is it that flexin track?
It makes me sad that phone booths are pretty much a thing of the past.
did you use your mike morales salad tosser. Cuz everyone loves to have their salad tossed
Wednesday Kronum Routine: 2 miles @ 70%, 6 x 400m sprints, 8-station ladder drills, low hurdle footwork, weighted broad jumps.
On a one Kane dirt road in the middle of nowhere.
Men tell the most lies women tell the biggest lies #hesyourson!?
Me! Why What Shall I Do For You. :)?
yeah and We all are!!! lol
michelle bachman hm..scary
A little slugish today
As soon as I start watching the pacer game they go on a 9-0 run.
Hughes chants at Yankee Stadium as he exits.
The journey towards inner peace is like white water rafting without paddles.
Listening 2 J. Cole n chilling in this ratchet ass hotel
Thankful for grandchildren...they bless my life in so many ways!...
oh ok. Well u enjoy your hoop session lol
A shout out to Jarrod and Andrew, two new \ˈspēk-ˌē-zē\ facebook fans!
bite-sized snacks are the best snacks
Inconsiderate people at the gym are awesome!
I'm an uncle!!!! Or as least as close as I'll ever be. Haha.
miss you dude!! how've you been?
Had to beg my sister to give me another dino ( and layout my resume)
Tomorrow I'll be a month away from my birthday. I'm excited to celebrate, but not to turn another year older. Ugh.
People change. You grow apart from the ones you could have sworn would be in your life forever.
Awwe the ☀ is trying to come out 😊
My #Duke boys strugglin hard..looks like they are in the 2nd tier this year next to osu ku and unc
i Think it is sad that i am not at 1,000 tweets.
I bet Hannibal Lector might know it! RT anyone know how the 'head shoulders knees and toes' song goes, but with eyes and ears?
It was no problem! The kids were adorable!!
the steve Willis show is carzy wow..
hey checked you out on reverb and facebook. cool tunes man!!! keep up the good work
Well said. I'd love to work on modernizing city system. I'd hate to work on managing legacy city systems.
I cant wait for this weekend!!! Ugh and its only wednesday!!
The things you could do before you had kids...
anything for you love! Just happy you're finally home :)
Check out this new company founded with the help of Georgetown interns, and enter their "Vampire Power Contest" www.facebook.com/SaveniaLabs
well lucky him!
When will the #US finally leave the outdated & irrelevant delegate/electoral college system behind & graduate to a POPULAR VOTE?!
upload a pic already!
Go Clarence and Garfiled musicians - swing them silly tonight!
and bouncy
lol my twitter is much more than a stan account. It's part of my life (everything included)!
Any Alexander Payne fans out there?
Oh my gosh Stella passed away? ;~; RIP Stella. You won't be forgotten ☆
20 point lead... in yo face
thank you!!!!
let's go soon
good night ;-)
Great Marketing Conference Enjoyed the #positiveenergy. Thanks to all the PDRI staff and owners that made this possible.
This is why #publishing is amazing. RT: : we're standing with you today. Best of luck to all employees...
We all live each day w/ the same amount of time...24 hrs. Those who are most successful choose how they use their minutes wisely.
There are times when only a burger will do...enjoying in Hollywood love that oldskol hollywood history too
ZOMG, what happened?
who gives a shit. Why can't he stay where he is and try to learn how to be a QB from one of the best ever.
Go Team Blake!!
I can't wait to not wake up to my dog barking nonstop
Too bad LeBron isn't clutch...
Just discovered is FINALLY out for #Android...watch out!! Thanks !
same with me. LA is LA. But to be fair I don't do anything but go home and work lol
Will it cut into valuable sleeping time?
nice goal Tuesday night. You crawled up that guy, got some ups and put that ball where it needed to be. Fun to watch.
This dam test smh
thank You! They need to get that 90's mentality the Old Knicks had
thanks lovely ladies !!
Playing fruit ninja makes me want some fruit
I'm in town til the 27th..letd do something b4 I leave! :)
Casual Chocolate Waster!!! SHAME! 😱
He was my favorite Beastie :(
"The Information Diet: A Case for Conscious Consumption" makes a case for controlling our daily intake of information. Check it out.
Elise is gone. Can't say that I'm going to miss her.
Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
That's just the saddest news. Tell Chris I'm coming to visit
FailFL website to launch today! Check back soon for updates!
#ItalianParentsQuotes God help you if your late for sunday dinner
I bet those sweater vests are made of mixed fibers.
party gone b weak
I love it!! <3 Rebecca is such a pretty name and Bex for short is adorable I love it. And your really pretty just to let you know
Question: I was flipped off by the same driver on two occasions in two states. Was it for the same incident, or did I cut him off twice?
This is a reminder for location of our salsa bootcamp classes tonight 500 8th Ave 4th floor, room 404
What is the plan for the gathering? I might be interested.
This game again!
I'm just gonna keep tweeting caausee I'm bored (x
im probably gonna be a loner in hs lol
We're serving up Salsa Verde Chicken Chili with Hominy so don't miss out on this awesome soup!
Tornado Warning issued for Eastern Louisa County through 6:30 pm
HiYa Linda...I am lurking away here, curating the greatest hits from this chat on :)
Hope you can get it fixed soon!! <3
the awk moment when you must not be receiving our texts back 😳hahah we responded!
LOvee rollercoaster mania on facebook such a cool game <3 :)
Following the USA scrum, Malifa's clearance failed to find touch. Japan nearly scores by knocks on just before the try line
I feel the same way. Start planning for a summer trip haha I have kayaks :) SEE THE #STEELCITY FROM THE WATER!
The room next to me pounded on my wall to turn down Tupac at 1m last night yet I had to listen to them have pathetic sex for 6mins today.
Most in audience support rail to Dulles. Loudoun Co Leesurg Spvsr Ken Reid opposes extending past airport to Loudoun.
So you arrive on Monday. Would you like to do things Tuesday and Wednesday or do you have plans? I could ask for work off then
Chicago RT : Where is everyone Eating and Tweeting from tonight?
Props to CMW and all of last night's composers for a wonderful show.
Oh, good, now there's a Lifetime movie about teenagers playing some game like truth or dare. This could also be promising.
ugh. this is fucking retarded. I'm so done with all this drama. fuck off. P.L.U.R.<3
There's just no avoiding it: Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
agree! “: New Jack White sounds amazing on vinyl. Explosive stuff. cc: ”
I like finding an artist first. Because once they go mainstream, I already know all the lyrics.
I got six hours of sleep in a row last night. First time in oh about a year. I'm feeling pretty cocky tonight. Baby is out cold.
Built to last.
Who has backup singers for the national anthem?
Thank you for the kind words! RT : Everyone at is doing a wonderful job! Thank you, our behind-the-scenes #heroes!
Not investigation of natural workd but an attempt to create curiosity - to push them to ask and then answer the questions
love you <3
Watching Snatch, forgot how often Brad Pitt's character takes off his shirt ;-)
i know the poor folks at the quicken chat center are working hard, but jeez, if you can't fix it, give me someone who can.
actually enjoyed the #Beyonce special on MTV/VH1. Love Bey, but still not convinced to buy the album yet. Any feedback?
what is the ms hug?
did i even say that right idgaf
MT : #IUPUI Day of Remembrance begins @ 11am in CE 305 today, honors each of our IUPUI family members who passed away this semester.
and a pretty unbelievable play, to boot!
I will admit i want to kill you sometimes-_-. But i would kill for you n.n
New Cash Clown track uploaded I'm A Cash Clown ft Paris Ross an Luke G
Justin Beiber and 50 Cent of course they're cool with each other! That's a weird combo if I've ever seen one...
It's a "G" Thing! Lease One Now For $389.00 per month. Come and Drive One today!
Brain fried so to clear my brain I have to kick it off with Jerry Springer.
anyone wanna join my clan? i made it official today :p
RT : Hey, remember when the Raptors took Rafael Araujo over Andre Iguodala?
Aw, the next time you are in town, let me know, OK? We can meet up or something!
Woke up with Hall & Oates on the brain. Out of touch...
Friday May 11th, 2012 from 7pm-Midnight! CRAVE presents the MN Affiliate of Susan G. Komen for the Cure - Pink Carpet Event!
cuz appreciate all you do to support real talk
I hope you tell your friends, family, and others I'm a friend of the McClain and tell them about my personality
Thanks for a "great"
to follow me..
Listening to 1D on pandora & accidentally pressed thumbs down then ended the song
followed x
Now is the winter of our discontent, y'all.
Rum & diet coke tastes like chocolate when one is carb deprived.
I just told a man not to shove and he goes "this is New York baby, get the f*ck used to it."
Looking forward to your talk in #Chicago tomorrow!
You are a super sonic idiotic disconnected brain infected booger pickin' piece of chicken!!
Seven of our members will be travelling to D.C. next week for #CPAC2012! Please keep our organization in your prayers over the next week.
Wisdom for the ages..;-)
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. ~ Anonymous
I have often wondered if my evil twin has an evil twin
I'm guessing this is Karen....
Schilleci's banana fosters is to die for.
lmao I'm gonna make a racial slur so that he will come back
We need easy to build gaming tools for learning. Flash is not that easy to learn. Maybe HTML5?
#nowplaying the motto by drake.
everyhitng you do makes me wanna kill you becasue your such a FAKE (in the bad way) HYPOCRITE
#FF Big Web Company if you want an honestly hard working developer/graphic designer
Me & my best friend were saying "When I say Justin you say Bieber Justin BIEBER, Justin BIEBER!" in class(:
: nothing like a free cup of coffee, but nothing better then a good cup of coffee!
Some Super Shopper drawing prizes: Gift cards from Cute & Cuddly, My Sister’s Closet, Color Nail Salon & Spa & more. + $1000 grand prize!
Anyone. Thanks for the response!
Lmao!!! I promise ya we have some dumb people in our lunch. Hahaha!!!
Get to work
I have been watching off and on today - had no idea it would be such an undertaking.
": Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes."
Goal of the Day: Life can be too hectic. Commit to finding at least 15 minutes each day to relax, reflect and be thankful for what you have.
"I began to feel a certain restlessness, a sense of having been too long in the same place"- Lowell Thomas
if u get food during the game n not commercials ur either in #advertising or ur from #WI and pissed the arent playing sadly Im both
love that guy!
I want to go to the park and lie in the grass all day. <3
's has created model for STEM, education profs team teaching. Soon to be published!
I will let you know soon =D i hope =/
Portland Trail Blazers 83 Milwaukee Bucks 86 End Of 3rd #trailblazers #bucks #nba (Via )
Gary Carter passed away..sad
I'll bring it back some day
God's gotta plan for everything!(:
Great meeting Cindy and Jayme from ConsciousNest_ last night. They're just as cool as you said !
thanks I'll check it out, that's in the area I'm headed to!
Not sure exactly when, probably will be getting it today
ZB!! still in vegas..when are you and visiting? RT : Tiff where u been all my life homie? I hope all is well
Everything's uglier in Windows. Why, why, why, why, why?!?!
Her: "I've never loved anybody." Him: "You've never trusted that anyone could understand you, but I do."
You didn't hear the vocal performance...
yes! You boys should cover Bieber's song "Boyfriend" I would die....
Music coming off the BACK BURNER!
St. Johns?? Are you serious?You can't be this close with Lehigh! #cmonman (chris carter voice)
I'm so glad I finally got to see again today. Its been FOREVER. I missed my best friend so much. There's no one better. :)
Congrats to Tania Armenta, Tourism Pro of the year!
Senior & junior time.
And without a sense of humor, it gets mired in tedious self-pity.
It's the 8th inning, they play Sweet Carolina. Get over it people.
I don't know how people have the stupidity to make fun of people with mental disabilities.
I think it's time for a new pitcher.
blimey right you are Sir. Worked a treat. Good, that's my subway ride home sorted wallowing as City get a podcast big up.
Coaches if you are looking for a kicker Tommy Openshaw is guy you need 6'2" kicker from Jacksonville FLA come join today and see his tape
I'm indecisive. Baked half!
Wow, that's a remarkable story.
Doin my warm up for Dirty Cash tonight. Spinning and old N.O.R.E track I didn't know I had. He used to spit hard body!!!
um today no...im sure he's alive tho....I hope lol
Not perfect but the best I can be & god thinks I'm to die for.
Nothing like a good work-out 2 get you motivated on a cold rainy grey day!
more of a guided internship, I like it
Danny Green and Gary Neal hit back-to-back 3-pointers. The Spurs lead 43-28 with 7:37 left in the half.
there comes a day in life when everyone thinks, "i'm never going to be able to breathe through my nose again." welcome to my life, day.
I've been wanting to hear them try that for years now! That and HYHU->Africa->HYHU.
I can be your biggest fantasy or your worst nightmare!
True :D
is so pretty <3
I pray for the redsox daily so I guess I understand
Over/under on terrible "Luck" puns in tomorrow's papers though?
Not sure I want to travel with you... You seem like the type that may have already passed up on your Lotto Ticket!
As are we! #IAMMEMPHIS ": Looking forward and upward!"
just launched a new and improved Kuento. We invite you to create a profile to promote. The music section will be poppin soon.
yeah, but austin isn't every city! ;)
They stay thristy like ah animal in a desert.
“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.”
Watching "Knocked Up" for the millionth time... Love me some Seth Rogen.
Is The Ugliest MotherFucker I Ever Saw In My Whole Life .
lmfao, I bet it was fun though!
believe me, I'm ready for them! Its just so stupid that they'd waste more time & money on doing another re-recording. wtf.
Come see us live at The Up & Under Pub tomorrow night (saturday)...we open up the show with Dangerfield and A Line Between. Brady St 9pm
Check out this excellent newspaper story about The Understory!
It wud b so nice if #oomf wud just stop playin around,n give me their number!!!!
Thanks for the follow! Are you familiar with America Recycles Day? www.Americarecyclesday.org
The Wildfire saga continues--like a creative jet stream that runs from Australia to New York!
RT : Time for me to do some seminars at Pilot season will be upon us soon. Time to get reacquainted with some CD's
I LOVE BEING TWITTER BFF'S WITH YOU BOTH!!!
10 year High school reunion .. to go or not to go, that is the question.
LOLL this made me laugh broo
Is #CES any more about games these days than it was years ago or is it still almost all non-gaming electronics and a reason to go to Vegas?
lol, Sims are cool...
I would die for then bitches awe
Looks like the crystal football will stay in the SEC again this year!
yes. Its hott outside already, so why not? :)
Leggings ain't for everybody, espiecially them hippo lookin bitches.
Accidentally clicked "Update All" when I had 23 app updates. I think my phone just had a heart attack.
Manhattan Mini Storage moving into Kenneth Cole territory, and we know where that ends.
ahaha this made my day. Be back tonight around midnight. Christiania day trip and movie night date with on sat?
Good morning world, some nice music on this morning
Sup brother. You Asian? RT Is a little tryout to much to ask for
Didn't know this screening was going to be TOP SECRET
STAR Convention - Las Vegas. Stenograph auctioning off new "clear" Diamante. Starting bid is $3,800!
Yes - the HOMESTEAD - for LESS THAN $100 a NIGHT - CAN'T TOP IT! #VAM2013 /
meek mill signs with roc nation hmm...
Wish we'd known you'd wanted to see the CIS talks -- we could have had the media services folks tape those talks, couldn't we?
just found on omegle
I miss u too lol u gonna call me tonight?
haha it's nuts
lmao xD I love how you just threw fap in there haha
Only person who didn't doubt me , my boyfriend . !
I'm excited to see your piece on tattoos in the workplace at 10pm!
RT if your going to watch the Season Premier of ABDC tonight on MTV?! <3
Why The Hell Are You Watching B.E.T?
Watching Victorious. And i realized... My group of friends is a lot like Tori's. Lol
We've added 3 very tasty breakfast burritos to our menu>the Ultimate Meat & Cheese,Fiesta Steak and Steak & Egg burritos. Sonic
Ok I want to crawl in a hole!!! Mowing and singing to my iPod (Slim Thug) So High and there's a delivery man behind me LOL!!! Dying
This lady had her entire family tree on her back window including a fkn bird and 10 other pets.
true legends in the sport. Heard you saw my friend Rick schwartz at the Shootout earlier this year
Did you know the Earth gets 100 tons heavier everyday due to falling space dust? Does this mean eventually the Earth will fall?
#ObamaBookTitles: Civil Disobedience... Will not be Tolerated.
Republican solution is to pretend there is no problem.
no way!!! maybe she can get them to perform at the iBall
Looking to make my New Year a 2012 to remember. I'm on a mission of success and broadening my horizons!
I think I'm gonna start a diet this summer.. I really hate my body.. -_-
I was really gonna do it all too, ask her to it, buy tickets, buy flowers n all, probably rent a limo, dinner etc. Sounded fun
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
No sugarcoating...Rockets collapse down the stretch is reminiscent of Choke City.
oh my gosh, kinda!!!
I'm gonna have to meet on the #BlownAway tour!! I just have 2!!!!
lmao sort of
#Starting to think my clock is #working backwards... how can it not be 4 pm yet?!
ok babe ty
I hate these shoes why'd i buy them
CASHERS TOP SUPER BOWL PROP PLAYS: Patriots OVER 5.5 3rd down Conversions YES to both teams making a FG OVER 33 yards (+140)
The power of creation is REAL!!! Try it. Speak it into existence!
If you can afford it, get a copy of Passion 101, it could be the thing you need to jump start you. Much love www.cdbaby.com/rshamar2
You can't "set somebody up" if they don't give a f**k. Better luck next time haha
the disruption will be to gamify and provide dynamic incentives NOT for Demand Response but for Supply Response...how ? wait to see...:-)
sorry guys just getting people for the site no more spam
certain grocery stores have a ton of gfree stuff!! it's not TOO bad.. it's all about planning ahead though!
john cena follow me my id is chrisperkins876 CeNation.for life no one can see u john cena the champ is here
sometimes, being scared is okay. Because in some cases, fear is the only thing that saves you from doing something foolish.
Yay!!!:) just joined my scentsy team!!
Fun night with the buds 😉 lol
This weather is nuts! Tennis ball sized hail in August?!
PLEASE follow mee(: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me foreverr.
Congratulations, superstar! Have a blast!
is a GREAT Artist I just met at the Philly Show. Keep it up fam!
The beer garden should be renamed the nap garden.
You had a hilarious vegan comic on tonight's show, !
i dont know!
Sitting in on a #casting today. So many #talented actors!
Im over here killin these crunchy cheese curls lol
cool beans...
Today must have been "Annual Stupid Commuter Day." Drivers, bikers, pedestrians all had death wishes.
perhaps it's under a pile of swarovski, lol.
Happy hump day & giving thanks for fabulous new followers (whoohoo!) (hey lovely!)
Can this just go away now? RT : Dr. Conrad murray #guilty involuntary manslaughter
I gort my grandma singing marry the night hahahaha
Listening to a Pacha Chillout Classic compilation and it isn't awful!.
I have no reason to be mad at you. No reason at all, okay?
RT You will get signed and sell millions of records AI's Little Spitfire! No sadness here!
You can tell you're in #Cambridge when the graffiti on the bathroom wall is a quote from Sylvia Plath.
In my bunk on the way home. Very thankful for a lot of things in my life.
$10 Off Irish Flowers - Celebrate St. Patrick's Day: March 17th
Sympathy for the Devil - The Rolling Stones | Cool Videos Library
Watching Hope for Haiti Now.
Hope you'll check out our all-star tribute benefit for the #BradPaisley #VinceGill #Emmylou #Skaggs etc
#IAlwaysWonderIf One Direction like me! :O
Axl Rose, dude GET OVER IT! We wouldn't know your name if it wasn't for Gun N' Roses...stop the madness and get your Hall of Fame on!
is drinking coffee at Zingaro
Glasgow at the line :15 left chance to cut lead to 1
Wishing everyone a safe and great TGIF! The weekend is almost here...YEAH...Peace and love to all and thanks for following.:D
Going to see #21JumpStreet with :) bout time to make her feel better
what do u mean "selling out"???
“: #NeverBe in a relationship if you still have a single person's mentality.” You idiot!
I got you boo come on over!
yes. You are right. What was I thinking??? Lol. Happy Mother's Day to you, friend!
S/O to one of the dopest most unique skateboarders of all time. Watching you skate is truly inspiring brother.
I tried to send the ID back police took it I was in for a year.
Classic Rock > any other genre.
Yet another Halloween and also the scary Kardashian wedding/divorce extravaganza! Honestly, what would we do without good books?
I know. And seen just about every marriage either fail or be dysfunctional. *sigh*
I just lost 100 points...that person know what I'm talking about
When I was a kid I watched Home Alone every night for at least a month before Christmas day. I think that tradition needs to be revived!
The spirit of David Tyree is in the building
Excellent idea! I'll try it! There's a fine line between being negative & being snarky, and it's a line I'm constantly toeing.
Are you happy w your kitchen? We can help Black Forest Remodel & Tile WWW.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Dec special available!
We must not see failure as final. My experience has shown me that failure has a purpose. It gives another opportunity to start over.
thanks Cathy! :-) are you work or college ?
just killed it! They're still alive
I Told Her She Is Pretty .
haha a guy named Drake asked me for my number.
You win. Nothing beats that. RT : Hardcore sex >> RT : Public sex >> RT : drunk sex >>
AS PER USUAL
. Have you read A Deepness in the Sky by Vernor Vinge? Highly recommend.
O,I wanna try that game,...I think>.>
Oh how I love bitching.
fucking cash machine saying it's temporarily out of service, I NEED MY MONEY
One thing I will say for DC: The allergies here are just magnifique.
I went at like 2:30 P.M. Ms. Simoes & Ms. Monteleone yelled at me. How nice ? Mr. Vivolo just smiled. He's cool. Very cool.
looks good
How does government work? We're finding out now ! With ellen teller of #frac and #WTH tammy
Copywriting rules: you're not a property investment portfolio, you're selling financial independece.
Thanks for the #followfriday nod!
I slept for 14 hrs. How am i still tired?
Mr. B's Brahms-Schoenberg Quartet was the juiciest of visual feasts. Like if my eyes & ears could eat macarons.
Nice to finally catch up with the guru of crisis communications,
this Sunday at 9 pm be there or be square!
Definitely want to go to this, let me know if you want a ride!
The first music I ever remember hearing was the superman theme, so John Williams is big on my list
And its sick that all these battles/Are what keep you satisfied
he actually know all my prs
what's that face mean ??
mitt= boring: Mitt up about 10 pts the first night of our South Carolina poll...Gingrich and Santorum close for 2nd.”
dig lark
hope you have a great day
Picked book by its cover; blown away by writing and story of immigrants from DR to NYC. I highly recommend Let It Rain Coffee by Angie Cruz.
Wow!!!!!! I've never seen someone have a picture with both of them. That's sweet! Congrats on that opportunity!
RT : What kind of world do we live in that the has to apologize for the "extinguished" remark on game 5.
i still wish you the best of lucky baby. and dont go thinkin that this was a waste of time. i couldnt forget you if i tried.
Men, how would you feel if your girl cheated on you with your favorite rapper?
- U paid us back when you got that degree.
good work, , for penning this bieber song. i'm ashamed of myself liking it so much.
So tired 😲
Even better pro tip: Proofread it by reading it aloud to someone. RT : RT : Pro Tip for Students: Proof read your paper..
probably shouldn't tell you that I got it for $49 (originally $118)
Why am so irratated easily -.- Sigh
♫ Listening to 'Crosses' from 'Zero 7' ♫
Free Joe Lang
Any day next week looks good. Let me know what works for you. Looking forward to seeing you! :)
Everytime I make a frozen dinner I get inspired to make a really great dish.. But then again, why would I if it's already made & ready to go
The only reason why people hold onto memories, is cause memories are the only things that don`t change when everything else does...
ily and i miss 100% i really need ya to talk to
shutup with ya white ass
Only one rightful place to put the newly announced Bob Uecker statue at Miller Park: among the $1 Uecker seats behind a pillar.
“In the midst of our daily lives, we must find the juice to nourish our creative souls.” Sark
"The soul should always stand ajar. Ready to welcome the ecstatic experience." - Emily Dickinson
EVERYBODY SKATE! peace & luhv ya'll
Happy birthday Lauren. I hope you get everything you wish for!! ox
Sadly, it shows Josh Beckett's total disregard for the fans and his team by playing golf after announcing he is too hurt to pitch.
We were thinking "Grease." RT : Dear #OccupyWallStreet: We've read your demands, we've seen this play before. It's called "Greece."
Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, it’s decoration. — Jeffrey Zeldman
Good Morning! Blessed to be among the land of the living. He didn't have to let me live.
so AWESOME wish I could be there you guys rock <3
that's one of my favorite songs too. You won't be disappointed when you see them live.
I lost it a long time ago. I've done much better since realizing it.
Im at Therapy 52nd St/9th St
Nice win for ASU last night. Come to Fatso's to watch the D'backs and Cardinals today as well as all the games!
Just stared at Nathan Jerde's HoZac Blackout poster for thirty minutes. Fell asleep. Woke up drunk!
Happy #Friday #Boston!!!!
Dude! How did you know? ;) Thanks for the
Love this RT : i want wine
Being a sysadmin, I feel for the IT team right now. Entire reservation system is down
Its like Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj are out to prove to the world who can dress the whackiest on red carpets... Not impressed.
Holding back my own credit card while shopping for clients is a form of self torture.
We have definitely lost a legend today!! RIP Whitney Houston.
yeah no problem and hea not on now so but ubknow whobi want to follow me :)
frans frans frans frans frans!!!! It's fran time!
I'm just tweeting because i decided yesterday to tweet at least once a day. Re-dedicating myself to twitter for the first time. Go bills.
That awkward moment when you find out that your exit interview at work is in 15 minutes and not tomorrow. Shiiiiiit :\
stick shift.
Did not even know that show was even on anymore !!! Lol
still coming off of last night's show--so much fun you guys. THANK YOU to everyone who came!
congrats sam adams beer, who do you love just came on the radio and i thought to myself, "hey it's the sam adams beer song"
Just a day, just an ordinary day, just tryin to get by
In the words of Thom Yorke: "You can try your best to please everyone, but it just isn't happening. Cause this is fucked up"
P.S. The Uninvited is next!
Follow us too! Let's work together to get rid of #HFCS!
I'm so damn happy that Game of Thrones is back. Anyone else?
Awww you're just too sweet! I love you and I promise i'll see you around! ❤
Lost the greatest person in the world my grandma. I miss her everyday & I cry becus I miss her so much. a hole will forever be in my heart.
It's raining in buffalo
Sushi time! ;)
still touring! We have about 4 weeks until we are back in LA!
I love mysterious people.. you know people I have to figure out. It's a challenge. I like challenges.
First day of work under my belt
- lmfao !! I'm done with you ! But as long as they ain't small right ?
The moon is void of course all day- your license to relax
what do u mean?
I see we have lots of suggestions here LOL We are TERRIBLE at making a plan. ick. lol. I say let's try someplace new!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!89
I just ate half a bag of goldfish....
These so called bitches are nothing but hypocrites.
ur welcome where u from
Jus now about to go to sleep :/
MSFT's "no compromises" approach has them pleasing neither users nor carriers/OEMs. Pick one and nail it. They didn't. Game over.
I keep forgetting that it's almost Christmas...the mall was CRAZY at lunch today!
I'm going to kill myself now !!!
I sound like an old lady.
#EBUS118 Send me a Direct Message with your Twitter username and actual name - Start your What's Happening box with DM meersman to begin
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do. - Amelia Earhart
Sleepy on a Friday night....
thankful for my family, friends and amazing boyfriend- so blessed :) Happy Thanksgiving!
Issa claims recent DOJ letter "regurgitated misleading no.s and irrelevant internal memoranda discused as legal opinions..."
Whatya gonna do know?
William Shakespeare~ Thou shalt be both the plaintiff and the judge of thine own cause.
“: Spent 2.5 hrs on skype w/ plotting re: s 40hr show. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT SHE IS TALKING ABOUT!!!
Late nights, bikinis, short shorts, flip flops, sunglasses, sunshine , loud music, pool parties, no makeup ,the list goes on. SUMMER 20'12<3
About to book a business class award itinerary to Bangkok on Thai Airways and Singapore Airlines. Yes please.
If there is one thing in this world that I am actually serious about it's the use of the word "irony."
thats why you see me walkin around like nothin is botherin me
Law enforcement entered oscar grant plaza. Loud bangs, flashes of light
Yes! More of our mystery garden. We bought the house in winter, now we're watching all the mystery bulbs and bushes bloom...
Still in bed cuddled up with channel <3
Um, An empty Keg-- Could be the reason your beer won't pour
I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
U must be very special. I worry & pray for you as much as I pray for my own daughter. Keep leaning on the Lord; He's got you
": Is that a bird? No wait, It's the flying fu*k i don't give."
My breath smells like some nasty cheese cake I just ate..
Because u are not use to it.
L is for the liars that had surrounded me I insecurities my head down in these streets F my future there isn't 1 E eternal hope.
The Freak List, the parties in the plaza, tht long ass walk to the caf, if you went 2 #MississippiValleyStateUniversity u kno wht I mean
yo my dude
You could try your best to beat us , but we aren't giving up !
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile just by saying your name... :)
RT : OPM: Fed agencies in the #WashDC, area have option for unscheduled leave or telework, due to forecasted snow.
WELL?! Think I'm fixin to go make me Some Turkey Chili to eat as I'm Watchin.. The Packers - Rams.. Then Milw Brewers - St Louis Cardinal's
lol I just have to leave it at that ;) for now...
Humbled and amazed by God's unlimited mercy and grace everyday!
Lisa, Laura, Chris, Matt, and Tom are excited about welcoming all of our supporters who have sojourned to Lake Arrowhead this wkd.
I am going to let go and use the term "omg" to refer to the SMOG from and now I'm relishing the cherry pie. M....
How is China?
THIS JUST IN: The Mac-N-Cheese-Truck WINS the Car Show.
Love this concept! Check out if you enjoy
Booking tour dates for Looking for local acts in Shreveport LA, Texarkana TX, Houston TX and Springfield MO!
If marriage is such a sacred institution why dont more ppl fire to end such liberal divorce laws?
lonnnggg #fun day at the tournament. Highlight: first place in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (: now it's cruise time!
Christmas shopping but there should be snow O-o
omg yes they should I hate that, then the gel was cold and I had to pee so bad!!!!
Championship belt is on the line as and the take on the What game are you looking forward to Wk 3?
Remarkably bad experience flying Delta this weekend. Luckily there are alternatives.
Ignoring someone is a sport! The score right now is 7-7 tied game and it's going into overtime...
Psst... It's late, so I'm whispering, but I wanna say that I love my wife.
thanks for the follow! haha, bowling soon?
haha monumental moment
That's why I reactivated my personal Twitter; I almost posted something snarky to a friend then remembered I wasn't "myself"
Haha! Yeah, I bet it's been ridiculous. I might use it, we'll see. :)
Happy Mother's Day
How many tears must we cry & how many must die before they listen? Meningitis must be stopped. Vaccinate infants-young adults.
Just got home from a good workout and a food run! Lol
Gotta love takin walks on the beach with someone..(:
Not beat tryna sip then eat.
Just walked by another biker with no helmet. How can so many smart people in DC be so dumb?
Follow, follow, follow....#FF! Our picks this week are
Don't give away the same promotional product everybody else does. Be unique. You want to be remembered, right?
You are very crafty.
u not coming by?
Oh sorry, no. A song of theirs came on the K-POP radio I was listening to...
I SMELL BACON.
As a matter of fact, I did.
“: yes absolutely!” building bridges...love it.
Gonna try and convince the wife to let me watch the Tribe game at the bar.
#ImReallyGoodAt being lazy
honestly I dont give a fuck. Your the most bipolar bitch I've ever met
haha i was just getting home of course =P
Happy bout that ✉ I got from #oomf ☺ #mademyday!
thanks now I can stop constantly refreshing my email lol
Pittsburgh is a beautiful! Amazing weekend. Back to reality
good plan...we try not to support the
Let me know if I left out anything from a sealed basket ;)
--Great to see you ma'am, almost 4am sunday here,just woke up in the middle of the night sorta ,Glad your ok,have Blessed day
Backyard BBQ, Man they Rock!
What the fuck!! Why is it so damn hot!
Thank you so much for including me in the Activists Daily, Ana. I'm honored to appear w/ , too.
its over that
CForce had a good Spring Game and is looking forward to the upcoming season :)
Thanks David! Have a great week!
Tony stark is my hero
yes I play for the SA HITT. :)
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4" 140lbs, 13, white. Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago (Fish Hatch/Belt area)
They do the wave at Turner Field.
Probably yes, but I honestly haven't met anyone from KY. Lots of known relatives near Lima, OH.
Don't worry about people #unfollowing you. Most of the time it's because they're just #robots. Just keep being you :-)
I,sitting on an antique, olive colored sofa,was reading his favorite novel.He,wearing only a pair of old saddle shoes,gazed out the window.
glad to hear from you both! I'm doing well, wish I could come visit in Chile! Michael, I'll see you at the SAIS event?
Cubeland requirement: earbuds and volume that goes to eleven.
And also, for real, looks more like every week!
Alright lets do this!
Ya thought he was ya dawg? said he was a G? Sounds like anotha co-defendant to me
Driving back to Zanesville is like being an Ice Trucker. Wow... Snow fog is weird. I just washed all the dang salt off van.
Cause im dreaming of you tonight (8) viendo Selina esse!
After my ipod got stolen and my mac died, I was deeply saddened. But now, NOW I can access my itunes and have on repeat. <3
#quotes Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last. - Remy de Gourmant
My pleasure. Have a great weekend!
Good Morning!
Thanks for the mentions! I certainly appreciate it.
Ima get you high today! Cause its Friday plus its 4/20, you aint got no job, and you aint got shit to do !
Really, YES Network? You're now calling slo-mo "YES-mo?" Reason 57317 to hate the
CanU dig it 4a minute?Let it grabUr interest?Lyrics r explicit,so grab a ticket,2the biggest,wickedest shindig in the business-dont miss it!
"I think you sound like an angel, and everyone else sounds like demons."
i will text you
9:30-11:30 a.m. is prime time. Make sure you give reporters enough time to meet their deadlines. They need three hours to cover a story.
I hear u, throw some 1s 4 me! RT lol not by choice.I was dragged here. I'm in Charlotte. When in Rome tho...
My lesbionic sisters...why w/ the no bra, cut up T, & buzzcut. Add a dash of rainbow jewerly in case you didn't know that they dont do dick
there their they're, patients and patience
Sundays are my favorite.
I will always love and support you !!! Even if I can't go to this one I will make the next(: Hopefully in Cali<33
anytime! Good luck! I'll vote for you when I'm back at my computer.
Transported back to the 1940's gotta love swing dancing!
is a great movie! I highly recommend it. It was the perfect blend of a guy action movie and a chick flick.
avaya unified communications
Just leased a Chevy Cruise from Mike Barnard Chevrolet totally amazing customer service and I love my new fuel efficient car :) Beep Beep
Meditation is not what you think.
Some respect for Hammond called him MR orange Cone. How do we know it is a he!
You suggest I "like" your page. I suggest you see my show.
do you know anything about Baltimore superblock?
Happy Jelly Bean Day!!!! How are you celebrating this special day?????
you need to put in a space before and after the or it won't link
Thank God you blew it, thank God I dodged the bullet, I'm so over you baby good lookin out
well that's true but I don't know why all of America needs to know what we're chatting about! Lol
#UCBLA had another hilarious Maude show last night. The Get Go and Oh Brother rocked it. Plus: I love their music choices between scenes.
Q: How much does it cost to attend? A: $10 for presenters (includes lunch), $10 to attend & eat lunch, free to attend w/o lunch.
i know the feelin
HAPPY MAY DAY, EVERY ONE! #MAYDAY!
thanks for RT - and the blog is about to be published, on 1, 2, 3...
What happened to Spring????
lol my life sucks
I don't get how people have time to take pictures during class? Don't you have more important things to do? Like WORK?
and it's getting cold.. loose fitting sweaters + girl scout cookies = happy Elizabeth
proud dork! *click* wait one more! This time from ur good side please? :p
I believe you lol
tyga ft. chris brown snapback back go HAM
I wish I was 's friend...<3
has a sick style at graffiti!! too dope dude
It's so nice out ohmygoshhhh :)
“: Says football players are just like blondes, they all are fighting for a diamond ring #nfl”💍💍💍💍
now-a-days its about how quickly you can make the music...not about how well the music is made
HOSTING AT FULLMOON IN Y'BOR TONIGHT! SEE YA THERE!
*goes back to the room, falls across the bed, rolling onto my back. Rubs my eyes, yawning* wonder if there's any pills? Maybe just a nap
I'm really sorry that I missed my friends' book signings, but my son was in town and things got crazy. But my heart was there!
I would not last three minutes driving in Nyc 
Aw man...sorry it wasn't too good earlier. Glad that you're feeling better tho
Hahaha. Thanks for the shout out! Our Dream House might be a little quieter, though :)
THANKS FAM, ONE OF MY FAVORITE BEANIE SIGEL SONGS. "IM THINKING POUNDS FOR CLOWNS, YOU SHAKE MY HAND LIKE A GROWN MAN"
ah, I see.
A2. Ours is the Golden Gate Fortune Cookie factory in SFO which was just a guy asking for money while people did laundry in the back
Good work Fella!
hello! Friend still in town?
Sometimes I do the dishes just cause they're dirty.
Friday morning crew. Did somebody say body shots? (cc: )
ugh. I hate greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run for fun and be happy?
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs provide a #safe and structured environment for children” –Mary
Happy Easter, everbody!
if schools wanted to teach bike safety, they'd first need money to purchase bikes.
Suet, first attempt, today. See you at Market tomorrow!
Studio sesh, meeting, then I think I'm gonna go see Avengers and see what the hyped about
Let's talk citizen science! Join us for mini #tweetup in bar at 5pm
Ugh. The fire alarm inspection really did not help my headache.
Swag champ... Yea I got the belt
just because you're nice doesn't mean you're weak
dang u dnt live in houston do u?
bruhs will be participating in the on friday and on Saturday
love them!!
I want him to volunteer somewhere. It's good for him. :)
Thanks friend!
excuse me YOU'RE!! GTFO
It all comes down to this.. I miss your morning kiss
If you can dream it, you can achieve it- InSpotter mobile app
Not bad... But the maturity level would make it a bitch. =P
Hmm....that name sounds really familiar to me. Is he perhaps a Brown graduate?
Thx to everyone who shared their fave #Superbowl Snacks! We've placed $5 driving on your accounts; maybe you can use it for snack shopping?
It's ok L Breezy we need u to b in kill mode
both of the ones i'm part of are boring coins ones. one on the RIC project in the linked data/ancient world session
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
life is good.
And again, , what is your position on marriage equality? How many stories have you done on the need for this?
Thank you for making returns so easy!
Pet peeve
Love is when you love to kiss him/her again and again though you pretend that you don't like to
Acme Hotdogs has spectacular Butter Sugar Cookies made by Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., north of Morse
Awesome bro! So you're twitterpated again?...maybe that's not the right word...no...I don't think it is...oh well...
rich does 0 work, pays 0 taxes. Middle class does all work, pays all taxes. Poor are there to scare the shit out of the Middle Class
Need some Bulls apparel to take to Mom? Stop by and pick up some at great deals!
And nobody from outside Michigan is going to understand that whatsoever.
I've been following your work for about a year now...keep up the creativity...you're very inspiring!
. Customer service is SO bad.
is it the npr one?
I have very short time please follow and get followed
Yes I know
When stairs are right there, I don't walk on escalators. Granted, I'm usually carrying my bike. But still.
ah, fun. 15mo refused to eat dinner tonight until I gave him a fork. Oh the screaming.
young wild and free, best song
Any #NZwine and cuisine pairs planned for this week? RT with your pick!
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" - Add the beauty of wood to your space.
Have an amazing time at Colorado State Finals! Good luck to you and all the other teams!
When someone says they have your back, it often means "turn around so I can stab you" What happened to loyalty and ethics!
congratulations on signing with #Columbia Records. Can't wait to hear the album.
negotiated -- not well, but not terribly. No one died. Let's leave it at that.
I'm getting to that point where school is not important to me at all. I do nothing all day. I don't like it here.
If you could have ONE thing...ANY thing...what would that be?
Also, PINS. Pins of both the bobby and the safety variety!
Can't wait till Raven Symone comes out w another single/album/soundtrack! luv Cheetah Girls! :)
thanks for the follows! have you heard of the #UWP???
"We're going down, down in an earlier round - And Sugar, we're going down swinging." ::fall out boy::
Dumb ass hill
Do you know how many gift cards I'd have to purchase if Mothers Day was everyday?!?!?!?! 365.
Is he the one for me or are we not meant to be.?
That was EXACTLY what I wanted to see...those boys are ready
The start to Gamel's steal was pathetic. AJ Ellis should be embarrassed he couldn't throw him out.
Officially decided to study Speech and Hearing Sciences. Pre-Med, here I come!
eye opening! I interviewed a few guys and asked Harbs a question during the press conference
hey there! thanks so much for following us! (: be sure to follow & listen to too! xoxo
RT : I'm missing wicked hotness! Happy New Year Sexy Ladies!!
thank you for tweet mention 
My fingers hurt like so bad
Every block and every step in your dream journey has its purpose..
Super excited for #CMMeetupBOS with and tonight!
I am fucking determined to have a good fucking day. Which Means I will probably need more fucking bullets. #TGIF #fail 
we should hang out some day over the rainbow.. no? oh.. cool.. mmk..
I'm in love with and 's avi. They look beautiful
Happy birthday to Wally's mom!
Yes-Falling asleep after 4am & getting up at 8am is a bit rough. Going to make this day a good one though-with the help of a cup-o-brown
People Confuse Love For Who They Spend the Most Time With
You got smurfed in the smurf.
Style is very much owning a look and becoming that character
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
My 5 year old needs to get himself a job!
No way! No booty shake from me. I can't make it look as good as Denise did.
- when is the next #LeadFromWithin ??
