Just updated my stations to Facebook #timeline. I must say the new photos look dope.
- Thx so much 4 the e-introduction! Welcome aboard !
awww, so cute!
#Shoutout to again she's super beautiful <3 I used to talk to her but she dissed me:/ but everyone follow her!:)
I need one of those “ There is nothing fake or airy fairy about #Aquarius love. This shit is deep and real.”
Good to know! I wasn't completely hooked by that first episode! ()
I'm jealous!!!
wats been up with u
good morning blacknaps. thank you for responding and happy new year.
Gotcha. Racking up those air miles.
Blame the First Lady...she was bound to get them to exercise one way or another...
LMFAO concert June 15.. Hell yes
U can look at my timeline and see a gap longer than gucci bankroll
there's probably someone out there that wants to watch a human escape from 30 lbs of chipped ham
The day everybody recognizes #NARS is doing the damn thing I will be a happy camper
Heard the European version is more intense, can't wait to see next installments though
Good to know RT : Just so you know I love chocolate more than I love sharing.
A forum thread would be a better venue to discuss. Have you started one on ?
R.I.P to my baby brother Ruben Darryl Poindexter. Gone but never 4gotten. Love u always
It's a fine line between speaking in your profession's patois and jargon filled gobbledygook.
oh yeah. Come for the judgement, stay for the creepy drama. I hate that I love to watch Sister Wives. Ha.
you'd be fine being one as long as you didnt come after my babe... THEN we'd have problems
Its easier to get #obama on the phone than
heehee see you guys in the morning! ❤
meh. Nothing special.
Thanks, Erin!
dude, who convinced u to join twitter? What's her name? Lol. I kid, I kid... Sort of.
Imho is officially on our "to see" list now. We have a lot to look forward to out there
Washed everything;
Thanks so much..I appreciate it very much.
Fighting the urge to punch a wall by sobbing uncontrollably. Friday night. Woo.
No trust. Got my wall up. Can't get hurt. I'm cool.
Some #FF love In honor of our solar eclipse viewing deal: , , ,
Earl & I met with Briony Hynson, who, despite having been born in England, speaks English well. Briony also speaks “play” as in playground
Don't know why, I want to go to china this year, wish my on leave is approved
exactly i got like 6 unfollows for saying "directioners are not the most dedicated fans"
Fun night of oovoo all night. chillin with the neighbor.
We're not actually Tweeting, right? Drinking = more fun
this shortcut is a personal fave
Follow my instagram
Thanks to the sis my nails are done :)
since im the most awful person in your eyes, do u wanna go stay with lori a few days?
I miss you!
thanks again for the excellent art. I think they turned out great!
happy late birthday. (sorry I forgot to say that yesterday)
Just finished writing my SECOND snail mail letter this year! Friend on a mission trip. Hard to believe we used to do that all the time!
thanks for the share...Moombah madness!
Watching Kindergarten Cop... Love love love.
ok! Write write write that paper boy!
Dude flip your phone.
you'll see us tonight, yay! Thx so much, Kylie!
well I'm just tired of this twitter account
6 pm and it is still semi light out... Hell Yeah!
Man behind scandal different than thought. - Williamsport Sun-Gazette
More writing next week for a series of new short video projects, plus some design/creative projects to keep me busy.
ditto! #food&wine ?? huge for #lexington and the #bluegrass!
: in reality, maybe you should actually seek scenarios where #LinkedData isn't used to drive Data Wareshouses :) /cc
Piazza Italia in the Pearl is an amazing place. Fantastic food and service. Reservations recommended for sure.
I can't wait to celebrate 's Birthday! My sister and I are going to have a dace party on my road.
Patty the Pittsburgh Planker..?
Never try to define love. Once defined love is confined. Once confined -- It dies.
S/O to for having faith in me that I'm gonna graduate next year!!!
"interesting coffee system"? huh?
O my gosh me to! I totally forgot you live in Jacksonville right???!
Hi Mr. Small, what is the best way to pitch a story to you and/or your staff that has local, business, and aviation interests? tks
Ugh i dnt like hangovers... Ugh sumbody come doctor on me:-)
I love how Dennis Eckersley hasn't changed a bit since 1978.
Sitting here studying some old r and b song. Music does not make u feel like this these days.
different flavored Fresca?! But it's already so perfect!
trying to get to become a twitter machine!
If you participated in World Book Night USA, please share your stories and pictures. Were you a giver? a recipient?
I love you :) <3 thanks for always being there.
#Theproblem is... you focused on the problem instead of the #solution --->
I would write notes but I've typed everything since age 6 - seriously. It completely unintelligible.
Happy I Want to Punch Photoshop in the Face Day! grumble.
Well except for Carlos. He always takes care of us when we're there performing
check out my new Background and tell me whatcha think about it
hates when back pain keeps up all night! :-(
Now playing "Good and Terrible"
#HBO pulled the show #Luck?? Well that just f'in sucks!
All these people have these amazing talents & I'm just sitting here like I can breathe \m/
Teen mom finale is a train wreck. Love it.
Members Card Clippers +11 (25 units)
My husband??? Oh he's only the most special thing in the world!!!<3
Never let people get to you. They can't pull the trigger if you don't hand them the gun.
you should come to #Tulsa Pride in June
Grimlock, you are the man. Thanks for the upgrade to "2nd Level GRIMLOCKNAUT" haha. It powered me through senior year finals.
I WiSh WiLL FoLLoW mE :))) I LoVe YoU So MuCh...TaKe cArE...:) mUuUaAaHhH...:P
Nope. I would recognize that guy.
HINT: I will probably not come back to all of them.
The President is in the Boeing factory right now, just on the other side of the campus from us.
Full upcoming weekend! Oktoberfest tomorrow, college football Saturday and heading to a Dallas Cowboys game on Sunday!
that's awesome, I enjoy reading your dad's journals about the races
RT : Today Buy 2 Dinner Entrees and receive a bottle of house wine at 14K tonight! 5PM to 7PM
This Nigga Watchin Family Guy N' Junk .
This game is insane!
Hopefully i get a b-day greeting from this girl
You left me for her? Oh ok hope you have fun don't come running to me when its not what you wanted
really tired. Just wanna go to sleep, but mama wants to have a mommy/daughter day.
Sat. broadcast::: Photograph 51 by Anna Ziegler, about the female scientist who discovered double helix, w/ Miriam Margolyes of
Watching the breakfast club❤
My string just broke.. Fuck the gods
Starting to shoot I AM GABRIEL next week with Dean Cain, John Schneider and Jen Gotzon. Directed by Mike Norris.
Thanks for the follow Bob!
thnx for following me to all of my new followrs
Hey! Love you! Lets be friends :)
Just enjoyed some raw honey from the Yogi Bee Sanctuary in Plano, IL. Lovely stuff.
killed it today... bangtastic...
Love is love no matter what gender you choose to be with.
“: Teeth hurting a lil”boo teeth don't hurt, it gotta b nerves in yo gums
win! 22 hour drive well worth it! We on to the eastern conference finals!!
Hey! Haha what's up?
Plus, you know if that person is being recommended, you are more likely to find success with your project and getting what you need done.
how i met your mother
Tampa Bay, FL- need females for photoshoot. Nudity not required but increases pay. Pay is 60 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)
Don't forget to put out non-perishable food items for the mail person. I just put out some goodies
Playing at tonight with !!! We'll see you there!!!!
a paper and a final lab separates me from absolute freedom!!
Love reading the Eating Well Magazine. Lots of a great info and recipes incorporating organic, quick easy recipes.
Wow Michael Young smoked that ball into the left field seats. Gives TEX a 9-3 lead...O's all but finished
There are a lot of flowers that resemble vaginas. #JustSayin'
steak on the grill, summer needs to hurry tha fuck up
Yuuupp! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at KLUSOZ... at RIO... at PEPPER.
actually, yes please
I just haven't had a good day. I need to talk it out but it seems we talk to. Much so idk if I should come to you....
coffee? yes, always.
please contact rob
Working on my track called Vonch!!! I'm at the middle of my verse now, but I'ma pause it from there
Happy Thanksgiving! Who's already up preparing meals?
Only a mediocre writer is always at his best. -- W. Somerset Maugham
Shoutout to my new followers.
(I'm now part of the problem.)
Getting #qdoba #bogo for a kiss with my honey on Valentines day!
We all go threw things 4 a reason, if we didn't who would the other person turn 2 for understanding and help.
G.M.N.I.: Simplicity's the daughter of Karma who's playing hard-to-get.
Busy. I have alot of things going on. Good thing I'm a multi tasker! :)
Chelsea offense consists entirely of Cech aiming 80 yard goal-kicks at Drogba
The new band is kicking into full gear. Writing and demoing. We wont be announcing/releasing anything for a few months
Space puppies on AmericanDad are so cute!
lots of problems today loading songs in the ReggaeOneLove room. server problem?
you ain't heard playa? Silverton is the business.
Sherman coz u de man. Boom!!!
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.
every body wearin white in memphis
if i went 2 grayson or whatever school you go 2 i would kick your ass myself but since i dont im sure somebody will do it 4 me
Happy Leap Day!
« Everyone deserves someone theyll love forever, and thatll love them back.»
Me too only the gym is downstairs and it's Meth. Coke was last year.
Everyday is a great day to be a Texan! : Great first day as a Texan.”
congratulations to #HinesWard for his 1000 receptions!!!
heyy check your phone
unggh good man
"Sometimes we get lost in helping others that we forget to finishing our own life's transformation." is transforming:)
Should I have Merlot or Chardonnay with dinner? (Bring the whole bottle, please)
omg I have such good news to tell you. You remember that advice you gave me? Well it worked. Reply cause I gotta tell u bout it
I'm scared to go to sleep because of my perverted dreams about 1D..
We play at 8 tonight!
my wife is amazing. Dealing with kids day in & day out is lots of work. We have four. How can families with more kids deal? I'm very tired!
Agreed. :) RT : Good thing about it being saturday, day cant be any worse then it was yesterday
Soup of the Day: Papaya & Corn! Vegan, of course.
My liver just told me he is mortal. O No!!!!
Cool...let me know how I can help and when you're good to go.
at the Winter Jazz Fest Friday evening Jan.8 w. WHOOPIE PIE. Kenny's Castaways in NYC. JS, Bill McHenry, Mike Pride. WHOOPIE PIE 12:40 am
RETWEET for Some Good Morning Mentions!!!
Jack Johnson/John Mayer pandora time! #chillmode #lovinthisrain⚡☔💦
#USF, E. I go back a l-o-o-o-n-g way in #sports. 1/2 of the squad came to the house whenever they were in
RT : If you woke up not John Edwards, Happy Monday.
I prefer to arrive early. Hey- let's have coffee sometime & discuss ABQ biz.
Hell Coco!
This haunting and important film renews my belief that we need to focus on peaceful resolutions to conflict.
Follow back so I can DM you
well I do!
lol. We did too girl
sunday was bananas you missed it!
I would only be a vampire if a female bites me
RT : Shift your diet to local. Just getting even 10% of your food locally grows your local economy.
yes at middle and elementary levels
It would be a great place to learn! Except those seats don't look too comfortable : )
Cinnamon Peanut Butter is here in Harvard Sq! Pair it with Banana Graham!
yeah I'm 100% Jordaneer I have made a lot of pictures for him too
been reading your site a lot today. great articles on spiritual solutions. very helpful
Hey guys.. I just got in. I will be checking my messages tomorrow! They are all time-stamped on FB so no worries! Will announce tomorrow! :)
Love the night!!!
Just booked early morn flight to Vegas to rail win the Main Event and maybe play a little mix too in the infamous crazy mike game
The best one
I think it's interesting that "cologne" rhymes with "alone." -Demetri Martin
Finding nemo will forever be one of my favs.
I really need to get better at knowing when concerts are in town. Anoushka Shankar at Lisner tonight and I didn't even know! NO DICE.
bronze ship at 1. Missing players yesterday due to regional track and fball camp.. We hooping today..
wow she Jus doin the fool I see
Hey Brooks. I predict extra innings again. 12 different pitchers. And then Texas to prevail in the end.
- What's are your friends/family's favorite beer of yours?
I actually saw the sun in Seattle today! Don't believe weather forecasts until you actually get where you are going.
If a man calls u a Bitch u get mad... But if he calls u a "bad bitch" u get happy
The satisfaction to say that was all mine :)
Still amazes me that marketers use advertising-ish tag lines as their value prop because it sounds good. Crazy.
@ the hospital with new baby yyyyeahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Family > Turkey.
You bet. They are a lot of fun.
The Bulls bench is deep as hell!!!
Thanks, Rukahs! come to our show at Plush on March 22...with Sheila Shahpari band, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher
True bro reference. +1, Dubs.
Haha! We have tried many of those books because my little girls are attracted to the cover/concept, but stories don't live up.
sorry I didn't get a chance to follow up about the media coaching. I have been out of town. What is your email again?
Someone text mee~
thank you!
i know neither did I...they must have him confused with someone else.
Who still has a ticket for the play next week? D: I need to buy one!
you almost need a team one to park while the others go inside, then you rotate. Brutal
bron cant do it all
We got 50 likes!!! Let's network and get 25 more by the 1st of August!!! Love the Love!!!! SALUTE!!!!
you ready?
Looking to book April 27th ASAP, anyone in Milwaukee interested in getting involved in an Up North/Park N Murray PARTY?
Tumblr is less used as a text-based and organizing tool, more sharing of ideas.
u my brotha's I aint even gotta say it, its juss somethin they know
I'm suddenly reminded that there are only two more weeks left to summer. Or should I say, 2 more weeks until fall begins.....
Great YA panel at #w2p12 with and more.
How my day went: Okay, then bad, then boring, then horrible....Thanks family.
In all my notes to self, I'm incredibly negative/foul. I'm cool.
5th row, Moscow Festival Ballet, with Maddy!
My hair is finally fine. That shit took a while. Plus my ass hurt smh...I dislike my hair, jus to much to deal with lol
yea she bit it off :/ that's why I have a penis now.
Some people need to see the wizard of oz and get a heart. You don't have to know someone to have compassion.
Thank you for the follow!
About 2 get up and start my walk. Been messing around 2 much...gettin on my workout regimen starting 2day! Need 2 #lookgood4summer ;)
Why is there a random man in my house. #confused. WTF
let me have you!
Suns out guns out ☀💪
I fucking hate you.
ACTIVI-YOINK! I win at Life! LITERALLY.
y'all follow NVMe Entertainment,
"I'm at the corner of 1st and 1st ... How can the same street intersect with itself? It must be at the nexus of the universe."
Suck it up, and leave early to take a shower.
So glad I'm smiling :) but knowing what I have to do will hurt.
Amb. Daniel Shapiro to #miamimegamission- just b/c iron dome works doesn't mean rocket attacks are ok - No greater priority than security.
You seem to be very intelligent and I like that you are outspoken. I hope that you keep in touch! All love Avvalanche.
dope got a few things so I'll be emailing you.
"In all these things we are more than conquerors through Him who loves us." Romans 8:37
And yet again, I bless my luck at breaking through this season to become a proud Twins season ticketholder.
nude and soapy? sure thing. clean thoughts. :)
ill be there tomorrow
well, clearly that means more navel pictures are in order.
When a good thing goes bad its not the end of the world.its just the end of the world that u had with one girlDoing itwrong
Any "Danny and The Miracles" and 'Larry Brown" references...
lol, will do! She thinks you're very talented.
Personal Training....Arrghh!
If I don't go to #Southpaw tonight. I am the biggest asshole ever!
Spent the day recording some acoustic blues & the music for a new song with my old friend & guitarist Greg Krueger... it was a good day
does that include Metro back to Bmore?
It's much more small town, than suburbs. Suburgatory is suburbs. Perhaps unsurprisingly.
Spent the week running audits for one client and organizing events, and the weekend working/managing events in ATL and Savannah.
No problem, glad to help!
One week until G2E uggggg to soon
Finance Friday- 2. Financial Freedom is a myth. More like Financial Relief on the way Financial Interdependence.
Wow, tweets from PA, VA, DC, NJ about the earthquake.
Internet is down and LpTp is updating...going to bed.
The kid im baby sitting has made me 3 cups of coffee and now he's hiding in the curtain...
#dailythanks Friday. With very minimal weekend plans.
the moon always looks rad!
Having issues with original phone # cause of large volume of calls on today's Liquid Face Lift workshop at 1:00pm.Please Call 305-640-5602
If you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying.
skipping some extra training w/ my kung fu brothers due to icy roads...curled up on the couch w/ the laptop and a blanket instead :-)
RT Get a behind the scenes look at planning for the 2009 EOTF event with this Rochester D&C article. Http://bit.ly/15wvdQ
I'm excited to watch Zooey Deschanel singlehandedly save the world and/or bring down all womankind tonight. #New(Divisive)Girl
i would say 'happy 420 everyone' but i 420 everyday so.....?
& when we're done ... I don't wanna feel my legs
Bananas in Pajamas has just been added to Weird.
im getting agervated
Can't wait to watch the game today Ar v Al!! Go Hogs!!
I allowed inside my heart
Social Workers, helping create better tomorrows!
I'm let you figure that out.
BWAHAHAHA! How did you know?
Remember, remember the Fifth of November.
HEY Got a Mother's Day menu to share?
No honor, no respect.
Little boys Farther should of taken that guy to the restroom and put that baseball up his ass! What a Loser
Watching the Red Sox and Dodgers game.
Check out the great schwag you can get by becoming a backer! bit.ly/uF5HWQ
Getting ready for my audition for the NEW "In Living Color" TV show tomorrow!
I'm from Louisville but my dad is from down on Greasy, we have our reunions there, I like to ask people when I see pike county
join us at on June 4--#datacatalog, hacking, apps building for #Oakland &
Ringo Starr - Walk With You - 06:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Love watching the masters
Charlize Theron is the sexiest woman alive by far!
Happy Mothers day also! I love you Mommy!!
I loved your #boyfriend video <3 Great song ! Still gotta watch the interview, but love you! please follow <3
Yes, I see the Sox are losing, congrats on winning game 11 of 162. If someone has the game and DVR, will you please rewind to when they...
Lucky 2b listng to "Harvester of Sorrow" while working - I don't think a better Symphony of Guitar, Drum, and Bass exists! <3
tell Trey he can take care of the trip if he likes lol
I CAN'T DANCE FOR MY LIFE LOLOL ASK ME IN A FEW YEARS I'LL BE LIKE ZAYN.
taking the blog down while I rethink things-- it was neither well-tended or well-read (related phenomena)
Paladino did the same thing in 2010
It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you to the heart: the one to slander you and the other to get the news to you
What are the odds Tim Duncan, who is an unrestricted free agent this summer, does not resign with the ?
Also picking the right fight. Everything doesn't need a war.
“Entrepreneurs shouldn&#39;t pitch their ideas to venture capitalists ...
shocked if there was 1 that didn't RT Do teams monitor sales on secondary markets like stubhub for price elasticity and demand?
"The following plug-in is unresponsive." Can anyone guess which one?!
Happy Wednesday!
I hate when people text me first and then don't keep the conversation going.
wow... I feel the love...
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP-
Mar 31, 1922: #Churchill was speaking daily in Commons on behalf of Irish Agreement.
Aw man!! Don't tell me that, I might REALLY do it. AND call you for a video too...a 3D one 😉
Manhattan Bridge lovesong.
Thanks for comin' !RT : Had an awesome time with again :)
The Chicago Bulls is hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tomorrow eve at the United Center. Call at: 888-493-0004 to get your tickets!
so was it you who stole my focus today?!? :-)
I hope WARREN G ain't bullshittin bout him and Eminem, K dot, and Wiz performing on the same set at COACHELLA...that'll be stupid dope!
In my office we comunicate primarily by acronyms. None of which are accepted by the official Scrabble dictionary.
It's going to be awesome 4 sure!! I'll be singing with Patrick! R u picking Galen 2 sing with? ;-)
Figured that was the case. Enjoy!!
Hello Miami!!! We are ready to start the weekend with a lot of events. Yesterday we were participating in Art Basel Miami Beach!!
♡Some say sex is overrated...They just ain't doing it right!!! ; )
seeking LA DEMO singersSATB! must be classically trained!!! please email vocal demo with references and contact info:
awesome!!(: omg I can't wait till summer<3
It's not "stranger danger.” National statistics show 90% of child sexual abuse cases involve someone the child knows and trusts.
Yu Darvish. Wow. Thank you for that entertaining game
please shoot me
we had church today too /: I was super upset when I saw you weren't here !
I REALY WANT U TO FOLLOW ME I'M TRYING TO GET U TO NOTICE ME :(
Heard the mix of "Uh Oh" tonight...this song is HOT!!
About to go support my other team
is workout at 9 or 10am tomorrow?
I was just thinking that... love you honey B ♥
The are in the house answering phones at the Radiothon!!
i have a new idea for a reality tv show and it is like jersey shore and the real world mixed
that is You should take her flywheel class with me!!
How well does your team work together?
Just used Woyzeck in a seminar about play structure; we rearranged scenes to produce different meanings.
Omg its a friday gonna sleep all weekend. Tell everyone I'm hibernating
Martin Gomez: The future of public libraries is digital.
;) “: So is that catholic guilt + pleasure? RT : My tongue could make you feel like you're the only gay in the world”
I can't wait to see the new Muppets movie...
Next Big Nashville Reminder: Non-Coms are playing Friday night (10/1) at Mercy Lounge at 9:30 sharp. come early! $10 w/out NBN wristband.
Not a prob! I'm surprised it doesn't happen more often. :)
The one thing that the texas renegade has not considered is, what is going to happen to him? He had better.
We Love You Chris Brown.!(: <3
I have a new article out about Tang Capital. none of the stocks mentioned there are my picks FMI.
Love how the Yanks are torturing Red Sox Nation. Got a huge lead, brought in the B team, and let the Rays tie it up with 2 outs in the 9th.
don't be insecure :)
I've seen such great concerts recently. Wow!!! Nothing like live music.
I would kill to be on Broadway. Too bad I lack talent.😒
did Kate gosselin get a facelift? I think she probably did
SF people: We're looking for around 200 sq ft in #RichmondDistrict for film #archives workspace. Any ideas or leads MUCH appreciated.
“: Really don't know what to say about halftime ceremony. Incredibly surprised by the booing of Lacob.” cc:
We still on? I was thinking there's those trails right down on 2nd ave and the south side too if you want to be closer to downtown. Lmk
me too!
I wanna chill with somebody.
In and out because of packing.
Do you use a calendar in your daily routine?
How do you like #FoodTrucks???
WHOA WHOA I don't think this is fair. Esp. bc you still have the ring and the puppy.
Chicago: We are holding an open call on Friday, April 13 from 9-1! Bring your resume & references to our Clark St store at 2711 N Clark St
desperate housewives!!!
At the movies with my friends.
If any show is weirder than Summer Heights High please let me know.
follow me and ill follow :)
Have been neck deep in setup of new venture, stndng up & staffng the human capital group. #shrm10. Can't wait 4 big news in Dec
Take this Pill, You’ll feel better!
Yeah, Your Cool. Have fun with your only friend. Since our friendship is
Pre beers at the Tap with , , , and my date
If u still have your wisdom teeth....keep em! Having them pulled fucking sucks.
Pleased to hear it. Congratulations.
I seem to be the "what to do in LA" maven this week!
hey girl!
#KMGDePaul #KMGemerge - Power Tower will be there!
Old strategies of economic development aren't working for Georgia. Other states are offering stronger incentives.
How's your day going mahomies? Hope it's wonderful :)
I wanna hoop!!
Don't be nervous, you know your stuff! Can't wait to watch!
YAAAY it's my birthday at last woo!!!!!!
Your vision creates your reality
wow, so so heart breaking
guy code was on point.
both TVM at Penn station fail credit cards.
Go detoxer...go!!
"It is easier to go down a hill than up, but the view is best from the top."
ringaling!! thanks for the follow!!! xoxox
how are you my friend
Thanks for the #ff mention!
she has become the rule of the roof roost. Can't lie. Will miss our nighttime sightings :)
It might at that.
If I was Austin and i lived in Miami I would be at the beach every second of everyday.
MacRae, what are you talking about ?!
I tend to always end up shopping online when I'm supposed to be doing my homework.
His press and curl is always fresh
yes this happened after the last update. And my friend had everyone muted for no reason
Whoso loves, believes the impossible. Elizabeth Barret Browning
Impostoring a swag god is a serious offense and could lead to death
Including a teen and her mom - she graduates high school Saturday, runs the marathon relay Sunday! Both had the surgery
they should give you one for free for all of the mentions
and I can't sleep -__-
And I thought they were twin bros. . .
There is more to know about ? Do tell.
There is an app for intrade in case you didn't know. Also whoever intrade has as favorites in elections are near locks.
i cant stand u -_-
If you could only figure out a route to bypass Connecticut.
didn't say anything with rush, why would he.he's a chicken, no guts.
Picture didn''t make it to twitpic
Hell yea, you go from sugar cookie to bitter booger RT : anyway, my temper be on 0-60 in 5 seconds, and i'm angry.
My favorite author & keynote speaker is speaking on Thursday at #STExpo12 and I won't be there
yes haha I think I'll be there sometime next week :)
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
I know :( How did you guys enjoy it?
*Sniff ...* Freshly cut grass! Yes! Fist pound to you all!
okay, i won't then... idk i'm gonna let it charge cos it was dying when i was in the middle of texting you.
Didn't help that 13th St. smelled like shrimp tempura while on my run
Happy Happy Birthday to !!! ^_^
so excited!! Hope u win
Proud to represent a great family company out of SD. 60+ years of taking care of our employees and our community. Be positive, not negative.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Be a "Content Shark"-- look for content ideas everywhere! Your personal life can be a rich source of material.
Wave Cap Music
I seriously thought I was having a pulmonary embolism 45 minutes ago. That or heartburn, I'm not sure.
Good advice.
The Enoch Pratt Free Library was incorporated by the Maryland Legislature on March 30, 1882.
Getting used to a hard keyboard on the BB Bold. All in all good upgrade from the storm.
lol wat u talk n bout bra
I just came to say hello... Hello!
music and looking for a part time job..
Baby, because nothing goes right between agent? The truth is that no one is happy #alone .
Clean Genome E. coli www.scarabgenomics.com
man they're even worse. If rather be alone sometimes.
thanks man =)
I heard this recently but I heard +8
Elmo is a true red bastard.
Wondering why are not following me yet!
Yeah, I feel the same way. OUr classes are starting to take off and the catering is taking on a life of its own!
Isn't that just "a band-aid on a gunshot wound?" It just highlights that we're not spending money in ed/infrastructure.
RT Our bishops now want a report card from their pastors every week. accountability. P Nixon Sounds like the co I work for
There is a way that seems right...the end of it is death
its about time you tweet
You're kidding. Are we both having technical difficulties?
Thanks Megan! Its a blast to ride in the city or on campus. Its a little guy so its easy to stow away on the train.
I have been finding it easier and easier to let go of things. Maybe it's because I care too much, or maybe it's cause I don't care at all.
did you get any days on the Tom Hanks movie?
miss you back, sweets.
Good Luck :)
#Strangers don't hide. The morning hunts you down. But there's nothing stranger than to love someone
Thanks. I'll have to fave that to read later. Bedtime now. BTW, I still owe you uke recommendations!
My friend won Kiss 106.1's contest to have a webcam chat with Selena Gomez, hahaha.
LS: these amazing records don't give voice to the lives of the enslaved, but the Getting Word project helps fill some gaps.
: That may be correct, but at least I know how to act in public.
For the next 5 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: French Dip Fri $6.99
Good friends with Paradise (Jason). Met him back in '08 @ a GH party. Friendly guy. Haven't seen him in person in forever tho.
Anyone who wants 2get pregnant in the back of a pick-up truck pasture party. At least that's what my HS friends tell me.
She's got her FB page, her YT channel, and her Google blog, and all her friends, he he he. :D
William Shatner just saved me 46% on a car rental.
Mad act like she dont know me but its all good....lmao!
I don't want to do it myself tho
Those "Friends" That Are Only Your Friend When They Need Something.
Thanks for rubbing salt in the wound.
hi. is that a suit in the photo? thanks.
Alex Smith- you just handed drew brees 2 min to go down the field and score.
Kat must be proud. ;)
The way his left shoulder is so far down?
cus she looks like me :)
The key to all memory improvement techniques? Converting difficult to remember things into images.
The same thing twice in 24 hrs? i have to say it. If you're gonna get on me about my stuff, you better have your stuff together.
Learn yoga for free and take classes through DVD
Christina Murphy - Even one #child #homeless is too many. #WakeUp #Pittsburgh. 1,700 school aged children were homeless in 2010-2011 in A.C.
as I say that, Baylor fumbles and washington recovers deep in Baylor territory!
Michel Serres: In our posthumanist future all sentences will be fragmentary. No grammatical subjects, only direct quasi-objects.
An amazing night in Twin Falls performing When People Lead. Thank you all for your support and more so sharing your truth after the show!
i can't sorry.
I'm sensing that some part of the word "Yukon" was unclear to you....
And there is nothing to eat or do at any of the exits.
They invented hugs to let people know you love them, without saying anything.♥
Respondents who reported that their relationships were "pretty happy" and "not too happy" were two and four times more likely, respective...
Avi on point! Yes! 💗
If you are willing to listen, then I am willing to teach.
What are you doing? Want to meet?
Good morning, Anita. How was the movie last night? Where you going on your trip?
here we go again. ugh :(
Jonny - "Should I read my Bible before I go to bed?" Me - "Bro, what would Jesus do?" - "Read His Bible."
Thanks so much! I will!
I DON'T believe it!! Lol
Go see tonight!! He puts on one hell of a show. Its very very funny. And buy his shirts & programs also. saw him in Nashville
FACT: #BruceWillis breathes bad ass.
What's your goal for today?
One more Bulls game and one more Cubs game and ttthhhenn I am OUTA HERE!!!
Having money >
“: Nice pick, Look forward to two exciting games against you.” LOFL.
RT : Im goin to church tomorrow ..
When 1 of us leaves, 5yo nephew says "Avoid speed traps". No idea Y or how he knows what 1 is.
for 2 hours I'll be in the studio!! STOKED!
Those people who follow fake celebrity accounts.
My sister sucks at this shit:-)
Aw, hugs to you!
u got a chopper in tha car too?
should have opened with Rock The Belles
Just like every other crazy republican. A bid to prevent or stop war just drives the GOP batshit crazy...er!
This!! “ If some people could just be an ear & a good listener instead of suggesting & advising.”
After your FREE pizza at come shopping at ! And bring us some Dublin DP!
That's a great idea! The #wbn continues all week!
- doesn't surprise me...it's raining cats and dogs!
That's right. I watched JAWS twice today.
Good Morning ! I pray you have a blessed day :)
Just figured out key to fantasy sports: know when guy's contracts are up! Always been a slow learner!
Thanks so much Caren! Hope you have a great rest of SMC!
And buy izzy a car lol RT : #IfIWonTheMegaMillion I Would go CRAZY, and cry of happiness
So tired !
Fair point. Plus, they won't realize they are missing flannels in the middle of summer...
But isn't the point of a ceiling to not go past it? Why bother having one if it's gonna keep getting raised?
Hey geoff, I was just wondering if there was going to be another archive tour after HoF game again?
Ever wonder what others see in your designs?
is dancing and playing with abandon.
Cali flow in a couple of hours about to spend the weekend in the OC laying in the sun and eating good Sweet!
RT : But it helps to tweet about an event at least once a day and RT others. ..@ different times.
#TwSIG RT = ReTweet. It was something came about by users. "Old" retweet use the RT. sometimes have to shorten a Tweet you can use "MT"
Facebook ad clickthrough rate was 0.051% in 2010 (via ). Need to start putting ads in News Feed... I trained myself to not look on side.
I hope not! It was just a few ants, that's all! Haha!
TextEdit? Or do you need more functionality? That's what I use for drafting blog posts, bios, etc. Then Pages for docs.
Why can't LA have bomb Chinese food spots like the northeast... Loving boston right now, vibe is different
Lol I really like you :)
I'm really proud of the success my are having! Keep up the good work Tribe!
Sometimes i called you my BFF...;(((
To me, basketball seems more about egos and money than a sport.
toe rings? of course! especially a matching set :)
cos it's hype - with just a few grains of truth, like #infowars. They want you to feel powerless. But you're not.
Holy shit. Trueblood better have more Alcide this season.
Pitbull: Ruining every product he attaches his name to
thanks for the update, I feared as much :-(
Arg I should've took pictures w/ Jason today lol we were just too cool for 4th period *-*
We received over 13,000 views of our music video yesterday from boingboing! Insanity....
Psch, please. I've had that EP, and I purchased it!
okay so I meant trashy lol stupid auto
This was constituent outreach, but in my line of work we use the same technology platforms to great effect for voter outreach.
West Elm Plates, Barefoot Contessa Cookbook, Gingerbread Houses, Gift Cards & More! Wanna win it? Then join us at 9pm EST at #Juice4Holiday!
THIS RT": Now if Disney can offer a "local" discount than Jazz Fest surely can."
Sara: using SLA as a community in which you can exercise and sharpen skills that aren't in your work remit.
it's getting tingly.. something's about to happen!
Right, what I'm asking is: how do you take notes and how transferable are they? Do you just annotate the PDFs?
I read it for acquired cog class and LOVED it!!!
New Designs for PhotoBiz Flash Portfolio, Blog and Store Sites
RT : Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good. Each day you have is a blessing from God. Enjoy life.
BOSTON FASHION WEEK CELEBRATION PARTY THIS SATURDAY! Only place to be that night! Doors Open 9:30pm
:'( worst night of my life i cant handle losing you grandpa :'(
Sad weekend of shock, tears, and deep thought. You really don't know how things will affect you until they hit. They've hit.
We can't wait either! We promise a great show
hey rain can you please RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday and it would mean a lot thank you
Fun.. Fun.. Fun
You rule! RT : straight beautician
Watching doing dancy dance time! Haha!
Yuup, if Rex Ryan can tone down they can too
I love my pet wussy , R-T if you read it wrong
Does not bode well. RT : RT : Not one person at B&N has ever tried to sell me a Nook. Or a book, for that matter.
OMG pretty little liars in an hour!
Thank you for that!
It's almost the weekend. Who is playing at Sports at the Beach tomorrow?
Seibold: tell your staff that they are becoming the experts, to encourage in-house innovation and to motivate staff!
kmdsl u so silly
You know things are bad when Saudi Arabia is telling Syria to get its human rights act together.
what picture did u tweet me ?
A pretty girl, with ugly ways, is an ugly girl!
so jealous you got to hang in the common and gardens! Hope it was a lovely trip!
i miss you to. </3
so i've lost like 10 pounds or so since starting college and now my pants fit me even less than before! gah.
awh shucks :3 BUT YOU MUST STUDY! If you study and get your license, you can drive to work. And that means more money for 1D !
Its Raining In The Mil =(
": #Cubs and Brewers are tied 7-7 in the 13th inning. They play again in 12 hours."
that looks complicated
Can't wait to see. I am still vacillating about what I want to get.
Tell me this "may the fourth be with you" thing is a joke?
hey its was Asian food therefore I m doing JUST FINE! lol
RT : 90% of what I try might fail, I just keep the faith that the 10% that works makes a HUGE impact. :)
gamepro.com should have won
Happy St. Ptrick's Days! <3
“ “ Shout out to all my twitter family that are #TeamTaurus!!!!!! Tweet your bday! i'm May 17th. When is yours? RT!”” May 4th
Do you need me to come help you go through your receipts?
Don't give this generation much credit. Most of my students never heard of Zeppelin and think the Rolling Stones are a magazine.
Have yet to see scheduled guest Mary j blige appear at NPR party
we've got em!! Come on down! Gluten free but delicious!
RT The only bad thing about most people is having to interact with them.
for sure, Go Pack Go
I remember when I was a kid, all I wanted were toys. Now that I'm an adult, all I want are clothes and money.
hey bbys how are you? c:
That's so Northwestern ...
Thank you to Liasa Sugg who's making all this work & come together. THANK YOUU LIASA!!!!!!!!
Who wanna see Wale with me Friday night??
#RitchieMoviePitch remake of The Breakfast Club but with actors in their late 80s-90s. Call it: THE SUPPER CLUB
RIP MY PHONE i need a outlet
yea, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopez :(
I can send you a dozen links of v associates posting "comparisons" that are based in complete inaccuracy. It's lame.
Hello thanks for following us! Hope your having a wonderful week.
uh oh, if the republicans realize they actually have a viable candidate to get behind this could spell real trouble for dems!
I quit last week
: Eric, is it flooding in Tucson??
I don't deserve this. I did nothing.
pull a book review from a journal as an example. Split time between summary and critique.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Give me scars. Give me pain. Then theyll say to me , there goes a fighter.
About to post a video!
I won't dive if u won't fly to Boston lol
Shoulda had dough...my response to everything today
fuck you. fuck you. fuck you...YOU'RE cool...fuck you! I'm out! lol
It really did. Can hardly believe he going to be 2. I didn't ever think I would say he is growing so fast. Everyday has been a joy
#ICantLiveWithout God, my Pug, water, #free food, and cold
they don't have the space. My friend recommended La Dolce Vita (plus it's next to Quack's Bakery).
there are more wishes than stars.
Hello and good morning, I hope everyone has a nice week! What are your plans?
After today's potluck I am eating only vegetables for dinner tonight
I'm FREE
alright, well good luck
I am not! But I used to live in NYC & I have tons of friends in Cambridge/somerville.
Every time you complete a sentence without the word "like" a teenager drops out of high school
I don't recall ever seeing a Sherlock movie...
Our only competition is ignorance. Tucson Alarm, $15 a month, locally monitored and 30 years serving Southern Arizona.
I found my roomie for Bellarmine :) !!
This bitch is standing on a corner in a swimsuit. I yelled "HOW MUCH?!" out the window :)
yeah, sorry bro
essentially Geneava Henry's presentation is related to #libraryempire which is that the library is the honest broker in libraries
Sh!t it's cold out here.
This Sonics is on point!
Sorry to hear about your incident with the 21-A Watermelon Wheat. We would love to make good if possible. Can you DM me?
I kinda figured is pretty cute ;D
Made it on blanktv congrats!!
Did you see your boys have a show? United Stats of America. Math and snarky comedy!! It's perfect!
Just let the bodies hit the floor...ok?...good :D
#taxes done! Suck it IRS!
U CANT EXPECT SOMETHING & EXPECT 2 GIVE NOTHING.
Maybe if we map out the potential areas of failure as part of project plan, achievement consists of confirming/eliminating.
ya ill get one
Dancing bachata right now would be amazing. 👌
Sup HOMO!
Happy Birthday i hope u have a great day! ur the funniest person ive ever seen nd i wish i could meet u someday!! <3uso much
oh that's embarrassing. Oh well.
Do you cater? Please DM me if you do. Looking for SD food trucks to cater November 15th/16th 2012.
try hitting 25...
U know they will!
oh okay.
If you are living your life without giving an "f", You are living a li[ ]e .
WAIT WHEN IT GONNA HAPPEN?
I hate guys that force themselves onto me.
Getting a foot massage :)
Denver is not even on the list???
Rough idea in the Gdoc; thinking about Tom Morello's protest music, genre theory, and social action.
I got one for Christmas last year...it was my only present from my grandparents lol.
if anyone could...you could...and therefore you must...from the top of the sears building to my front porch would work
or a video game character...
Yes we can! Thank you for all of your hard work!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "I'm saving myself for Tom Sellek." I get that all the time...
“: "Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life." - Buddha
*to judge
So u busy with your hand ja RT : Smh me myself and I lol
I am a FUCR and a godPawn revolutionary!
My beautiful wife #mademesmile with some amazing loving today :)
"Volume Up"? More like "Lesbianism Up" amirite?
well your lucky
Take care of that Indian craving and grab some Chicken Tikka Masala + Garlic Nan from Taj or Flavor of India
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard.
At home chilling lol
good luck tonight !! we'll be howling from Wisconsin!
. Genuinely excited to share the story of Appalachia's #MTR -induced agony this afternoon 3 pm at First Parish in Cambridge, MA
Hate this feeling.
When writing a requirements document, it's imperative that you are listening to metal loudly and with as many breakdowns as possible.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
i swear the vizsla, or whatever it is, next door tried to eat through the fence and maul me.
Off to bed! Still listening to "skater boy" of :)
Your logo is not your brand, but it is a good start. Consider what you want your name, brand & logo to convey to potential/current customers
We're on Fox34 with this morning. Tune in to see spring fashion trends, and hear more about !
so exicted! There gonna be great:)
Damn went in too hard on the mixtape
I have Chinese media client who produced 138 30-min shows about Chinese history & historic places ..in english & HD! Anyone need TV content?
Fear knocked. Faith answered. No one was there.
heyy =] how are you?
thx for the love homie now all we gotta do is killem wit that track ayyyyyyyy................n yall calln me rap.............
I BET A MILLION THE NEW YORK KNICKS WILL NOT BEAT THE HEAT SERIES!!!!!!!!! LOL
Like going out to eat, or reviewing your favourite establishment? Let us know, we are always looking for writers with opinions!
ha! Yeah, totally not warm and fuzzy.
hello my lady :)
A crook is a person who was out for what he could get and in for what he got.
Listening to and new albums on repeat. They are defiantly tied for album of the year right now.
as of today, as far as the public domain is concerned, he white house. Which is exactly what Paul wants to rile up his base.
BEARS WIN!! C'mon Dallas tame the Cats
#libr246 I'd love to hear if anyone covers - thanks!
Watch out world, I'm street legal.
ahh dang u got me!!!
Running ! 5 km
Idk, its different listening to it in a car or headphones.. At raves, they have shit tons of huge speakers. So imagine BASS
EVERYONE!!!!PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Is pretty proud that now follows me. I hope I make you proud...
Romantic Tip #9: write a love letter to your partner and mail it - .44...www.familyandlifesolutions.com
#CTIAW12 is awesome! We have never been to a show like this before. We would love to meet you for a second. Been follower 4 yrs
#MarissaAlexander keep her in your prayers..
oh, , it's sad but true.
Houston zoo! If it's free take two, right?
what u doing babyg let's chill !
Kicking it off tonight with Lundi Gras madness at Maxie's. Try out all the small plate specialties of tomorrow's Mardi Gras menu!
Colorblocking! #nasagoesneon RT : Hey how would you re-style the #NASA astronauts for a pre-launch press conference?
love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs <3
bahaha. She's so smart.
Options for collaboration are endless--Wilkin.
Rich Schefren taught me "Just-In-Time" Learning. This has made a Big Improvement for me.
Once again, i am bored. i need more homies XP
Moss: emotional intelligence made up of self-perception, self-expression, interpersonal, decision making, stress management
Imagine how far that ball would've gone if Braun still had Fielder protecting him.
it's always something. Tomorrow should be interesting.
Big thanks to my neighba for blasting out the snow plow's remnants.
Buckeye basketball has officially lost their swagger. Two different teams first half and second half of season.
Monday nite Trivia Tuesday nite Jazz Every nite: The best beer & whisky selection in town!
Tough start for the #Blueshirts but let's turn it up now...
This sun calls for a little
Just realized. I don't need another big mamas house sequel.
When theTV doesn't work because your dog chewed the cable!
TIME GOES BY FAST
my boy Quinton Carter from Vegas
Canucks Fan Takes Flash Grenade TO THE CROTCH
Workin' out all the album details, tracklisting, and lyrics for the album art. Who wants a Shoreline Drive t-shirt?
“Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.”
Considering a routine change - different weight routine and dropping trainer led workout. How much change at one time? Decisions, decisions.
Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LP9I0HCU <3
Unbelievable, but I´m homesick!
Is Starr really gonna let the Todd in her shine thru?1?
Getting ready for our next auditions in NYC for Quest summer theatre for High School and College Only more info coming soon.
same! my window isn't given me a breeze either
#CelebrityCrush : ...He is pretty much the main reason why I watch that show
Out of curiosity how many of your clients work in a non-profit type environment?
A LOT has changed these past 4 years. Good shit. Bad shit. But I'm thankful for all of it.
We had it as an optional benefit at my old company.
grab a ho
So annual eye exam including pupil dilation ended 1hr and 1/2 ago, still have crazy vision.
hahaa k come at 5 you and becca can fight for first
Seconded! RT : Big MD preservation thanks to & for signing HPF Dear Colleague
Dude I wish life was easier sometimes...
thanks! Please do.
cookies make good spoons.
It's like they're saying everything I'm listening too
The #Cardinals look like they could run away with the #NLCentral. For #Brewers to compete, have to bury #Astros (tonight), #Pirates,
No worries. Follow us so we can DM you!
Why not...good luck!
I'm bummed by the lack of your drill
We r SO PROUD 2 have made the cover of look 4us FRI & Join the party 10/22! www.ambushevents.com
I will do that next week - in the morning for coffee. Let's pick a day.
Much depends on the funding model for IT. For us, one-time $ easier to find than recurring $.
You should go to Le Pixel and make your own cocktail. We went for 's birthday and the results were epic.
they are officially the cutest things ever
ACM is posting photos from IA2012 and Reimagining CMs on the ACM Facebook page. Like us on Facebook!
RT : At with the crew. Great new Brian Malarkey restaurant in La Mesa near the hockey rink.
twiiter is all over kony tonight
I love that! Sounds like Wyatt is becoming his own self-advocate! I enjoyed the chat, everyone.
Savings Tip - Spiral Bulbs I found them at Grocery Oulet store -- 4 for a $1.00. Can't go wrong on that!
Irony of the day: A product mock-up ending up looking better than the actual product.
Happy Brackets Day!
Let me know if there is anything that you would like to know about Directv.
Going to bed
I stink at going to bed early. It's the only part of doing mornings I hate. :) See you bright and early!
RSVP: The Asylum
is there a link to what you are referring to..??
I'll do my best, but no promises. The left side of my face needs to be evened out.
it would appear that way
RT IF YOU HAVE AN IPOD OR IPHONE!
Who knew there was all that oil in LA? Crazy!!!
Happy B-DAY
Having a really bad night just wants to go to sleep and wake up and just forget about things :'(
Had a panic attack which landed me in the hospital. Great.
To clarify, was singing. and I just noted that would have fit right in
Yeah, it hiccuped on me. Seems to be ok now....
on da way as we speak . Two door German body
I know, and guess what else!# Guess!
I keep doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results
Linus falls asleep every year.
good luck o ur speech. come dwtown 2 hear me sometime-- u can sit in, dan. xo
remember when I tugged on your dad's dick and he liked it? It's gonna be a harder tug next time since you unfollow everyone
wait you are joking right?
TREAT YO'SELF 2011!!! I'm a cashmere candy-cane.
Yeah, I'm tweeting u at 1 am. So fucking what?
what are u doing?
"We're in a crisis here" - commenting on both pairs of our iPod headphones breaking
i am out to work see you all later
A wee bit of snow that I wasn't expecting. Definitely a Sorel boot day.
travel safely!
exploits unconventional thrillers, like their new Scandanavian adaptation, "Headhunters," à la Stieg Larsson.
Sorry Patron?
“ Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin. ” Mother Teresa
omg I was just saying the same thing! Does she even realize she's not wearing pants lol?
Sure. I just dmed you. I look forward to it.
Nothing better than having your sister back home ♥ #sisterloveee :)
I think my friend thinks I forgot about him... I didn't :) loaf you
#cnndebate Please tell us where you disagree with the policies of Israel?
Editing a video with and Coming soon to a YouTube channel near you.
Just so ya know are gonna be X factor judges!
UPDATE: We have almost completed our new version of StubOnline, which will help in searching tickets faster and browse easily.
The hardest thing to accept is losing your mother or dad, the pain never goes away, I pray that you make things right before they leave Amen
Love. RT We Found Cats in a Hopeless Place! RT : Terminal Miami
Hey frank , morning! 11:30 today , right ?
Playing BS!
key word is intelligent
Happy CINCO DE MAYO to my Spanish friends!!!! Lol
I still have one big chain to break... and the time is now... an addiction... smoking- yes you read that right Continued next tweet
I miss you, baby close your eyes let's meet in our dreams tonight. <3
Looking for the Best Nail Techs n Atlanta Salon Ramsey Midtown Now Hiring www.salonramsey.net 404.841.1499
Wasn't really a Whitney Houston fan. I once had sex with a gal from Houston who was named Whitney though. Big fan of that.
yea yo how much?
my students are awesome! They're the ones who earned it. :-)
Flashdrives...that's a GREAT idea, thanks!
I don't want this going south... But I think it's about to if you keep acting like this...
lets see what sports center tlkin bout
That hungover moment when u decide that a wake and bake > going back to sleep
aw I'm sorry Lmaooooo!!! Well come visit u asshole!! Hell me move... *fingers, toes, nipples crossed*
Ugh I have the worst habit of biting my finger nails when I'm stressed out :(
Orgs must define diversity and go beyond to focus in inclusion.
Thursday, the counselor at the Veterans Center tells me I'm welcome in the group for Adult Children of Combat Veterans. Who am I?
Looking stupid & feeling how I look, on that note I'm gone
Shooting a short and getting put up in a nice Hotel. I can get use to that.
"A Union of Interests," "Pursuits of Happiness," "Quest for Glory," "Pox Americana," "Paul Revere's Ride"....
happy birthday son! ..enjoy..Ty
We talk all this shit about people & our family, but we don't realize if they left this world tomorrow that we'd regret it.
Loved Glee tonight....maybe it's because I watched it in Ohio :)
don't forget the
tell me about it.
I was talking about Coldplay!!
Wow, that is some CRAPPY green screening.
what, what?
Working for the man!
We want to look into the ice cold water problem. Which bathroom on which floor please?
I have half a bottle of warm water & 1/4 of a cupcake to get me through the next 90 minutes on train. I feel like Katniss.
Of course i get lost on my way home then lock my keys in my car. Of course.
you won't have to wait to long, they are already in talks for the "Twilight" writer to pen the her Highlander movie.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "A woman that's worth it, will never be easy to get, & a real man will always be patient."
Come on Mavs! Beat that Heat!
A red rosebud also means purity whereas a thorn less rose means love at first sight
#Vegan One-Pan Ratatouille..Classic veggie stew with Vitamins C & A,potassium, fiber, & folate..omealo.com/share?type=rec…
had two of my favorite things at , and pickles! ^TR
it goes to the twitter Bermuda triangle
Oh good call. Were referring to Producer of The Artist. Damn, ghost of Peter Lorre is everywhere! Wonder who else we can find.
lop where did u get that picture of them
Everytime I see the Big Lights in Memphis, I keep Dreamin.
Aw shucks, ur so sweet! TY
Youth Culture tonight... 6pm... Dont' miss it...
My nigga Sid bout to go on next!
Good morning good #tea people! Once you decide whom you'll be, there's no room for others to fill in the blank.
LOL I need a cup of tea!
Couples Night! Couples' Entry=2 for 1!! $5 pizzas, Dance Specials, Discount VIP Booths!
I know. Lol
that's all we've gotten all season!
Last night in #Indy, said his personal favorite remix of his was of 's "Lick It". Insane remix, too. is king.
How does the saying go? Welcome to Portland if you don't like the weather wait five minutes.
: #Twifey u must b sleep huh...hit me when u get up...
Looking up contact info on my old favorite bookstores and remembering suddenly that a lot of them no longer exist.
could have paired him with a young Brian Nigro from Xaverian for a chsaa tandem!
Nick Joe Rahall tells #GOP doesn't know meaning of compromise and are erroding the middle class.
Crazy how this happens all so soon.
Is anyone else expecting Bradford to take another step forward because of McDaniels and added WR depth?
yes, kind is my middle name
Okay i officially can't listen to that song anymore without getting flashback visions from julias the other night .... Ew hahhaha.
i wont be illegal pretty soon. and not in all states. lol
whats wrong jess
when someone you love doesn't love you
I thought the same thing when I saw him up to bat. Looks just like he did in StL
My Dad just told me they're moving out of the house so they can fit the new TV
You want to know something really sad? I was born & raised in Oregon and never went to the OSF. Sigh. Youth is wasted on the young.
Does it feel any different?
Can we stop the drama already? Who cares about about Alexis anymore???
just thinking of u 2day! In online session talking about how we've met people online & grown to care abt them! Thought of u!
FINALLY HOME!!! I feel like I've been in a car forever. Such a crazy weekend it was :)
Didn't wear a single ounce of green and never got pinched :) 🍀 #luckoftheirish ;)
It’s a piece of “gateau” (cake)!
Yes please DM us!
i worry about that too -- technology isn't the problem, getting people interested+contributing is
also Japanese and other Asian language characters lend themselves well to reading and writing on the phone.
While picking up my pretty new dress from , I spied some super cool, covert operations coming soon from
My first week at my new job... I am happy and calm.
Lol. So, today is your cheat day. That's how you do it.
happy to be home after a busy day... editing video and constructing dynamite emails in my head... don't forget to eat, ALYSSA!!!
Nicolay is getting you going early tomorrow! 6:30am Yoga Flow all Levels, Miami Beach!
lets do it im down bruh
I never thought I'd be playing DJ Hero, yet here I am playing it.
Hah! I remember all your mom's plants in your back yard on Garden Gate.
An hour until I can eat... Thank God...
I am stunned #CFC, but gotta trust AVB!
Been a productive but Hectic day. How are you doing twatters?
So glad! More pix!
or nobody's at work. I got the week off for spring break.
hey follow me please :)
Been tryna get my hair appointment arranged. I'm plannin on dyin half my hair red. Im 2 tonin it
strike that last tweet. I'm not up on today pods :( premature Cowellization!
I think I'm ready for this Spinning in the AM
I finally gave in...still trying to figure this out!
Laughing with your pretty mouth
Sure would LOVE to Florida-Georgia Line's new single! Cruise is a HIT - play it!
S/o 2 4 showing love
pssss! Bunny, please no babies in my yard! Lol :)
Need new ideas about exercising, recipes, drinks?? etc??
"I think Taylor Swift is a rapper." -Mimi
Seriously. These bitches are like "OMG bullying iz soo bad u shud luv every1" then sit there and bash any girl they don't like. It's stupid.
I am! I was there
Happy Mothers Day :) and yes that is my mother holding me in my avi
I thought u was talking about the new new one
So sleepy. I can't stay asleep for longer than 4hrs at a time these days. Wah.
that's funny but true
great mtg you today at event! Thx for taking an interest in our work.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW Dell Streak 7 Wi-Fi Tablet
I might be in the L word with this chocolate mommy.. what I would do for that puddingO_o
Some people think I say inappropriate things…Its just radical honesty
I always feel a little hipper dining over in East Nashville.
yay! It made my day seeing you ❤
Thank you for your good work!!
Tonight's episode is the best of the 6 episodes that exist.
what r u doing lol
I KNOW I JUST DONT LIKE IT WHEN THEY DONT EVEN ASK AND JUST GO ON AND TOUCH HIM I DONT KNOW THEM NEVER SEEN THEM IN MY LIFE
"Broke 100 likes on urbanspoon, thank you!" - puts you in my book! -Conrad
My girlfriend is amazing.
Degrassi is trending in Atlanta!!!!:)
Anyone know of a site I can watch the NBA playoff games on?
The sweet smeel of my cooch after waking up and a hard banging session. Priceless.
4 followers away from 500, not that i'm paying attention
he will be gone in no time. He should be at least.
GOD BLESS AMERICA was a hell of a good time wrapped up in an odd little package.
Thanks for the #NationalWellnessPledge retweets and !
I'm totally digging the high fashion and drama work of of Los Angeles based designer Arturo Rios
SM like any other form of communication can be appropriate or not. Kids need to know that.
We'll go with this -- RT : I propose the word "Sprummer"!
You will survive!!
Is the derby the only event Bob Costas is at eye level with the participants?
Omg god I hate english! Well actually I like it but I lost all my note cards and can't do my bibliography and it's due tomorrow morning :(
Session two students arrive tomorrow for #DWCdc!
I enjoy watching KOF, but I still can't tell what gender any of the characters are.
Must get my exercise in before laziness sets in. Laziness sets in REAL fast too... Have a lovely day, everyone! :)
That last was obviously in reference to traditionally licensed/patented hardware.
what Courtney just said about PCFH legit just stabbed me in the heart.
o where are you? Would love to catch up!
SOMETIMES YOU JUST WANNA THROW THE TOWEL IN... ;-\
RT if you're excited for Ariana's live chat ♥
you could spend the nigh if u want :)
...but dude just posted up outside the door and started collecting cover charges from people. That is some wildly advanced bullshit!
is officially on Twitter! (and Tumblr, and Pinterest, and Facebook...) #JewelryGalore run by Fashion Blogger
hope to see you on Sunday! :)
invite us please!!!!
Slept in WAY late, this morning! Feels SO good! It's a gorgeous day outside & the sun is beaming in the window! Gotta get out IN it!! :)
Liking the new look app for iPad
I was very excited to find on Guitar Center Sessions this morning
Oh gosh that was awful but I feel really good now! Haha 💪👙 getting that #beachbod 💜💜💜
To Bad I Can't Go </3
RIPMCA Hip Hop Pioneer
They have the one that goes to where all the fishing happens.
of course :)
Finally seeing The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs. Quite psyched for something that's surely not going to be very uplifting.
made our year, appearing in the elevator @ work after a long day- packing the MILF methinks!
Black Smart Phone Cufflinks ->>> Error
RT Just like the clouds my eyes will do the same if you walk away everyday it will rain.../that my jam...
me too
Can it be the 22 yet?
Happy birthday! RT : : Hey kan i get a shout its my bday
#FlyMeToLondon so I can live with <3 x
thank you so much! Amazing !
My femme fatale my darling fallen angel... Once caught her changing the batteries in her halo, even found the receipt for her wings
To celebrate my CNS's 25th anniversary I conducted 25 Bach cantatas, including 11 in one day.
"Oh Donna Summers, my grandma listens to her music."
Yeah, they said Alex Ritchey should show some respect.
and at Allen Fieldhouse... Cool...
Firefox 14 Features Hinted In Aurora 14 Release
Happy Birthday you Jew.
If u set up hold mail service online, u can choose that they drop it off the following day vs. u pick it up.
stupid work IT security blocks it UGH could so go for that at work right now
Ah!!!!!!!!!!!! Elevate is coming out tomorrow can't wait I'm definitely getting it woo I love BTR <3 \(^o^)/
Global warming, validating my dropping out of college.
hahaha! :) "can you imagine if i actually danced like this?"
Pittsburgh you know what time it is!! GLOBAL HOUSE SESSIONS with !!!! Hit us up for VIP or guest list.
MILEY BEAUTIFUL ~
gay is in happy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible storm that passed through Friday.
lol. Still laughing about this one!
250 million people play games on FB - more than all the game consoles combined
On the real..Nothing felt more comforting than saying "We're all gonna be okay" last night.
LOL cause they WANT me to be embarressed
good GOD - where were you running??
I think the Slytherin prom is taking place next door.
're the best, 're very very beautiful,please follow me in my twitter!!
Good Morning facebook from brianna on his page
Yes ;o Identical Twiins Much ?
Days like today; i wish my gym was open 24 hours. 👎😣
Sleep 'til you're hungry, eat 'til you're sleepy.
Eating chinese food
When you do something and get caught but think damn that was fun!
#harrypotter marathon at 's (y)
warning, my kids didn't get their oh so essential afternoon naps, so tonight could be... interesting
Just took prom pictures with , Steven,
Just unloaded at Tipitinas! We go in at 8:30
Wow 2 you and your ass clown friends
Our store can help you out with a phone order! (414) 287-2770
Merry Christmas everyone! Food, rest and basketball today.
is he touring with anyone..?
thanks so much! we're glad you like it.
thanks Chris!
Dream match vs.
I'm so ready to get these gifts open!!!! Countdown begins.... More excited than my babies!!!!
Thinking of using a Virtual Assistant for your business or personal needs? We are taking your questions, ask away!
Julavits is fantastic.
Hump day just about over - wine oclock on my watch. I'm feeln a frisky Zin rockin my glass tonight. #Cheers Tweethearts
p.s. all of the tech being developed through that state dept. money can/will/should be used anywhere, not just in U.S. colonial targets
ha! i'll pass that along!
Or just "marriage." :)
Know what you should do? Change your 4square names to your twitter handle. You'll get a tweet every time someone checks in!
Have the best idea for a video teaser for our drink. Getting closer to our launch!
Come see the SquE-Z team in action in no place better than Las Vegas at the NiteClub&Bar show! Booth 1457
O M G this chick is a screamin raging Biznatch- that good I have twitter to vent.
every day someone reminds me how young I am. I didn't forget, I don't need to be reminded and it's not your business
all the fucking time :)
