#masseffect3 's ending just ruined the game for me
Getting ready for running club...kinda like book club but show up out o' shape & running partner won't have it! High knees, high knees...
I hope you have/had a wonderful birthday!! <3<3
taking advantage of this rain and going to sleep <3
Thanks to all who came out to last night. We had a wonderful time! Now on to on Monday night! See you there.
Southern California Writers Conference rocks! Enjoyed all workshops I gave; learned from every participant; inspired to finish my novel now
I'm turning in my tickets and NOT watching another game if ADAM DUNN is in the lineup! He's beyond awful!
oh yeah you're in Austin now
Story is not about entering plot points into a script.
uh oh looks like a found a replacement!!!!!
one to mix; 2 full productions to go.
I own "Global" knives and need a quality sharpening stone. Any suggestions?
RT : "Embrace the lack of control" from at #Brandworks ... a great metaphor for life.
The difference in your day and tomorrow is your faith.
Had so much fun tonight!! I really needed it!!! :))) Sad it's over!!! :/
I told you boyz it's a UPTOWN THANG NIGGA
Heading to #AAS2012 in Toronto? China Beat consulting editors and Ken Pomeranz will be there, too; make sure to say hi :)
I have something that will help clear your throat. And it includes being naked!
Big thanks to for rejecting #climate skeptic Ben Stein as spokesman. Smart guy, but smarter than 97% of climate scientists?
did you leave??
That's fantastic! Congrats! cc
WARNING Actors before taking classes or seminar google the person giving the classes and after the name type fraud or scam, protect yourself
Why do I thank the toll taker every day? They should thank me for the thousands of dollars I give them to drive on their precious road.
This Rain aint no joke!
I hope that, when i move back to pdx, everyone will treat me as if i never left.
RT: Look at the fucken Moon! >>> they said that in Japan Yesterday
seems like the video quality is better than standard Comcast, but is that because it's b&?. Or soes that not matter?
I'm not a lawyer, but froth over legality of Pinterest seems overblown. Been linking to other sites on the Web for years with no blowback.
Did I really just crash my computer without saving my excel workbook & 20 pg word doc?
no problem, miss you too. I've been good though, same ol. How've you been? What's new? And as for Legends, I would if I could.
Behind every babyfaced twink is an old perve with a fat wallet!! NoLie
What you doin in here, makin a big ass sandwich-n-shit
So glad Viola Davis is who represents RI.
I can believe R-Trhuth was stalking the miz the whole time but it was funny.. Then R-truth got the miz!!
I'm listening to it right now(: It is awesome! My favorite right now gots to be Don't Let Me Go! Ha. It is on repeat!
One final thought. #Goodnites should have a contest where kids submit designs. Have they done that b4?
definitely play8ing with a purpose...to make us move! wish I coulda captured dancing!!
he doesnt follow me. Ur fine (:
Josh Hamilton is a beast! It doesn't get much better than 4 HRs in one game.
Do you work Sundays?
#Coachella just closed their set with their recognizable hit "Light of the Morning" from the 2011 #ford mustang commercial.
Just read a curious and compelling article from , about Amish and Mennonite runners in PA. April '12 issue
"Ugh" xD Bahah. Thank you Zerraaan. I felt like I kinda needed to finally change my picture. ;D Loving your new Profile pic too. !
Oh child, this Twitter trending topic is so racist.
same here G
Today will be the first time in my last 6 trips that I'll arrive in St Martin on something other than a ship
On my lunch break with a headache
tonight in ! OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP ENTRY on our guest list! rsvp:
when is it?
Panthers by one! I'm diggin this!
RT &quot;: Turn on your TV! Operation Osmin is on now!&quot;
What are some easy tips to help keep our dental office in the "green?"
said you are the funny! And he's all Stoic and shit.
Wow...I can smell the smoke all the way in my office at the library.
Seriously ? I'd have to pay $75 to catch a one hour earlier flight?
Tattoo Your Name Across My Heart , So It Will Remain , Not Even Death Will Do Us Part. -
I haven't added the pr stuff yet because I figured we could chat before that. I want to try to do it this week though
Penn state blue band member Kurt Cleckner, who played hail to the lion for paterno ceremony is interning at Carestream Health in Rochester
Thanks 4 the follow ==>
People who laugh live longer than those who don't. Health actually varies according to the amount of laughter. James J. Walsh
are you feeling alright? Lol
Evening has wokn like the 1st evening Bitrsweet tokn of a good day Praise 4 the chapel praise 4 the evening in the Big Apple finding the way
LUSH Cosmetics, The Humane Society of the United States and Humane Society International Launch Global Campaign To End ...
Friendship Bracelets :)
Just wanted to make sure no one missed any of the selling points at the Clown Motel. ;-)
We're so happy to hear you enjoyed the event! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Sonya Blade. FINISH HIM!
RT : Patio's full. Hope this earns him a steady gig. /Terrific news.Thank you for sharing.
fake bitch
Will do when I return from Paris! 10 days :)
congrats on the new target business, !
Maybe you should start a franchise. Excellent sauces would be key . . .
RT : Cynthia Rowley confirmed to speak at WIE 2011? Log on to see who else will be speaking this year: www.wiesymposium.org
DO YOU WANT A COOKIE?
Lol my name change only for a min lol.
Candice Aragon playing Fri & Sat at Fatso's. She has opened for musical greats like Heart, Chris Isaac, Donovan, Lisa Loeb & Michelle Branch
Been there. Dumped that.
Similarly ambivalent about broadcasting theatre. Very interested to see it tho, esp as I've played the role of Pheadre
we are going to be friends.
see you there! & naaahhhh. I wish tho. I was just asking.
Stop by if you want some fresh food and fresh margaritas!
Beatriz said she never thought she would be able to move up to the blue band; well, you did it girl! Believe & achieve! Congrats to Beatriz!
Senior Knowledge Management Specialist Opportunity in Phoenix, AZ! Email me at !
Spit da flame,propane...waterfall..make dat pussy rain!!!!
where's the tunes?
Another baby fox just appeared:) #yay #lovethem ❤💜💙💚💛
IS FRIDAY!! and if you did not know, check your calendar peeps.
I'm not ready
"Beauty without virtue is like a flower without perfume."
i make sure my cats know how cool of cats they are everyday
Cold & Rainy day, come cheer up with us for HALF PRICED BOTTLES OF WINE! ALL BOTTLES HALF PRICED!
Thankful to see another day
PickUpLine: Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
While it is often true that people are pigs, it is never true that pigs are people. - Mary Roach
I can definitely see him driving a Prius. Yuck.
with the TD!!
will say Mehdi & Henry have their moments, I'd choose my feeling as 'tense'. Godspeed #RBNY!
It sucks about Eureka. The reason they canceled it, is bc it's too expensive to make. It had nothing to do with ratings. :(
The Red, Black and Blonde is back baby!!!!
Its so crazy how i cant even say your nameor looking at your pic
Yep....typical pattern for us. And this one is a followup with the Arth doc....
Yes, the three yogurts I ate Thursday morning really mystified my table-mates!
Haha I'm sorry! Did you talk to him ? We could do it tomorrow if you want babygirl.
Today was a rough day for me as a #NewYorkKnicks fan but I have to get over it and get ready for Game 2.
,my girl is giving birth to a dream and we need to support her. let's come together and see her through in Jesus name, amen!
Great start to #kylestock2012!!
Amazon Shows Groupon How It Could Be A Lot Less Annoying (AMZN, GRPN) via
on NW Sports Tonight right now!!
I feel you, Whats Shakin On ya End of Thangs, We gotta set a day for the dells, group or wha?
whats your favorite part about singing?
Listening to Soap Opera Today on with
definitely defiantly true um lmao “: all nut(s) are edible outside the shell.”
Laying the groundwork for the new R&B project! Meet with the producer and spoke w/ songwriters tonight.
Goes great with chorizo! RT : This is National Salsa Month!
OMG, what is that on your arm?!
when the boy messes up the sacrament prayer 4 times
shew, cici's pizza makes me feel yucky.
Feelin bored.. Hm
i heard there were some tornadoes in texas!! I hope they werent in san antonio!(:
I will see you Friday, Is it outside? In the downtown area?
i wanna meet somebody famous.half my family met jay z cause we live by where he grew up as a kid but....thats still isnt a excuse! lol!
Growing up half my family would talk over me so do not worry about grandpa
They look better with their mouth full =P ": Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut [If I had Any) (via ) - lmao"
Some niggas still aint made a song better than New Edition - Candy Girl. Me being one of em lol.
RT : like gramma said "purse first, ass last!" lol! < "A wet pussy and a dry purse makes no sense!" LMAOOO!!!!
John help me make this trend about people who kill themselves when many fight SUPERHARD to stay alive .
Going to St. Louis tomorrow~ laundry and packing are in order!
Yes I do!
Hey thanks!! Glad to hear you like the tunes :)
Apparently my computer is capable of throwing temper tantrums and taking voluntary naps...What a slut
No 23 is too young for a guy to get serious, they can't get serious at that age lol
That is a great idea, ! Cafe owners - can we please have some writers-only hours? Kind of like Adult Swim?
I felt like allowing them back in my space was doing them a favor...
so cute. Children are such kind blessings in our lives.
U.S. stocks rose Thursday as investors applauded signals that interest rates would remain low.
Just downloaded new mixtape S(HE) BE(LIE)VE(D) for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com! JASMINEV MIXTAPE
Now time for guitar lesson, yeah the dude is learning to tap into his musical shortcomings. #BOOYAH!
ha, wishful thinking
Sangria Saturdays is on! Unlimited sangria!
I started my own business because I couldn't find employment. YES! for being unemployable!
Happy Birthday #Fujifilm !
Who knew Gandalf was also a cinematographer?
RTs are not endorsements.
god hate have to edit videos
I just wanna save you, while there's something still left too save
great atuff. check out dulkes of dixieland and oak ridge boys newest album www.dukesofdixieland.com
Thank the lord for letting me see another day :)
2 days and a wake up!
oh hey! I know you:)
Promote a service or produce with Google Places coupons.
We love those who admire us, but not those whom we admire.
I love Hot Topic.
When our Clients are in need of a temporary employee, the sense of urgency is taken seriously at The Emerald Agency.
Maybe can play defensive back for #Patriots.Can't b worse than who is there now & he might work better w/lesser QBs throwin 2 him
“You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.” -Ronald Reagan
You gotta have your MENTAL game down
You liked a picture of Jesus? The heaven gates are open for you.
You know you've got an amazing girlfriend when she references and jokes with you about Uma, the remote developer she's never met.
How can we use these ideas to make the world better?
I have to check because I I did fly out to that 7/11 in Baltimore for my tix
hope your #iwinroundtable was everything you hoped it would be!!
Thinking of the entire #ClassOf1891. So proud to have been a part of that little skit we did. So proud of what you all accomplished since.
#ReasonsToSayAmen blowing somebody spot up with the truth.
Hey Rachel, what is 'me marketing'...so I know to never do it myself. Can you explain? =)
so happy i wanna cry!!feels like all the chasters win tonight!!
You at the show= awesome. You + a cake at the show= awesomer.
so why have i started listening to #Delilah all of a sudden?
Go out with me.
Thanks for alerting me! I was just feeling overwhelmed with all I have to do today...maybe the cleaning can wait LOL
All u need to know about NHL Playoffs, Coyotes were 42-40 in regular season, #lakings 40-42, yes I'm counting 'overtime losses' as losses...
Hey Gardner! Haven't seen you in 30 years! How's life?
I wish there was an app to tell you how crowded the gym is right now.
Jet lag is kickin mabutt. Off to the zoo with the boys &amp; Lucy.
your satire is funniest and best directed at those in power. Manatee mailbox seemed mean, and scornful.
Ended up with someone else's sunglasses. Sorry! They look just like mine. Anyone missing them?
#MahomiesLoveAustin! :) i bet we're gonna trend that! :) #MahomiesGoHard!
4 DAYS OFF!!!
Hey BMc whats the name if that song you play at the end of your show where Big sexy is dancing?
And People Wonder Why I Never Get on this Account ; Because SOME people Just Say DUMB SHXT!
previous tweet courtesy of
Only 15 more days! :D
Which of our music videos have u watched more than once? How many times?
we never sleep.
heel cups sound dirty...
RT . Dear NHL teams, anytime you want to start beating Detroit or St Louis the beer's on us. Thanks, Blackhawks
Yanks had the highest premium ticket price in 2011 at $312.11, but Red Sox owned the highest avg at $53.38
Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy.
School work pairs well with live Met Opera broadcast. #gradschool via
60 degrees and sunny Sunday. Perfect day for a mimosa & our front patio!
I wish would do something like unstream(:
"The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.."
I'm aight just doing what I got to do
Got smoked. Had to translate a menu in French printed on a card I chose from a hand of other cards, each containing a challenge.
Nice to met you Robert!
I miss u by blink 182 fuck yeah bitch :-)
do you use Salesforce content?
MT Getting excited for Sat! Aidan gets to sit in the seat at #LSP during the game.
Thats y we love him! RT : Only can watch #xfactor, tweet about it and feel like he did "productive work"
girl his songs are already included, just adding some new stuff in (:
I was simply suggesting you look at advertising on website. Lots of readership and a daily dose of cycling humor
Vegetable garden?
Rogan is too funny. Listen to his podcast Sodomy_Slim.
I seriously need to buy a pair of shorts.
All I want is cable. Damn landlord.
thank god she is back!! I bet you were terrified.
Yea this hurt a lil bit
Have you ever laugh at yourself after talking to someone you've never met about your business?
Glad your class visited, ! What kind of discussions followed? "Questions? Comments?"
Looks like did not get the white shirt and khakis memo bit.ly/zH3l9y
thanks for the Twitter love :)
can u plzz follow
#Starsailor popped up on shuffle mode. Man I wish I could see them live!
I look so damn sexy....I wanna fuck myself
I've seriously made up my mind
: Are you open to relo?
Society has such low standards for entertainment these days. The arts are dead. #depressing 💀
Take me out to the ball game, take me out with the crowd, buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks, I don't care if I never get back!
Frances Bay RIP that's a sad one...always amazed how she would pop up in nearly everything.
Google Makes Big Video Push With AdWords for Video
I enjoy seeing how you combine different accessories with outfits on your blog, great combinations
took a 6hr nap, woke up and my Dm has nun but redbones in it!! lol
on my own hyoe tacked the fuck out, dont matter wat you say it matterz wat you bout
Grateful for the cool weather this wknd. Busted the car ac going thru deep water in Jemez during monsoon yesterday.
I know. It's dumb. Recruit harder lol.
Thank you! Glad u enjoyed it. It was shot in Dallas,Tx and Garland, Tx. I have a few more projects in the works :)
#Money&Hoes, I got
Have a great afternoon, folks. I'm heading outside to work in the garden w/ podcasts.
will there be a Patty Mills sighting tonight in Utah?
I guess that depends on how you look at it! We are moving down to NYC sometime in June. Pretty excited. Will miss Boston.
for serious
Sanfrancisco here i come!
F that I want tha bitch to get a whiff of what they AIN'T gon get! Lol
Im going to the basketball game to see the Detroit Pistons play the New York Knicks and your NOT
Is so fucking tierd. But happy.
67,400 going to 800/1600. 42 BBs! #WPTHardRock And best spot at the table got moved after he called my river bet to chop. He was right, lol.
what does "ripped" mean?
Thanks! Love you too
im going for the food. Haha. I suck at bowling.
It's the app.
I'm just so in love with crazy Charlotte.
I'll break some plates for ya
I've somehow been persuaded to watch the third disc of Game of Thrones.
Glad to hear it! :O)
money is really talking more now that these banks are gonna start charging u to swipe it out 5$everytime lmaofff $$$$$$$$$$$yahurd17me
Done in STL. Shows over. Now back to Las Vegas, where the real shows about to begin I know I'm ready...are you #WranglerNation?
Totally bummed out by retirement of
Yo, you heading over to Commercial today?
Glad to find out there's no carbon monoxide in my house. I'm not ready to die yet.
I don't care what women say!! Not 1 woman cleared snow from my door 1man did. Not 1 woman pushed my stuck car! 2 men did.We need MEN!Always!
Yes... it's only supposed to be a 3 day forecast - hence the correction. We also have a 10 day forecast if you want it.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Great Third Thursday networking with UNF Alumni! Every third thursday come to Seven Bridges Jax to have fun!
Yes it is ... And Thanks missed me by 2-3 miles!
I think w/no feedback I wld have continued. I wanted to get my story out &knew it wld take time. Almost expected no response at firs
I missed my 10th tweet c:
Whoa whoa whoa the Real Friends show tonight is at a house party AND it's free? Who wants to go with me?
San Diego Wedding Photog shoots across the globe since 1998 :) Nathan Petty
Up early getting ready to minister today.
You can't soar with the eagles if you're out hooting with the owls. I gotta go to work
#AthensMemories track season when me and was goin in on everybody especially then pumbox
Thanks for becoming a fan, Tricia Colin!
cusz the rapture took place and you was left beehind RT I saw your seat empty yesterday
I know! Craziness! I hope the pay is decent
omg when is that? And how?!
#Shoutout to ===> <=== for following a real nigga, Don't be a stranger gorgeous ;)
im full af
I never thought it could be me
your dumb!(; <3
Aww nice! One of the artists I work with are about to play now - Megan & Liz. Hope you're doing well!!
Listening to Avril Lavigne's new album goodbye lullaby
#90sproblems RT IF YOU HAD A GAME BOY WITH TAPE ON THE BACK TO KEEP THE BATTERIES IN BECAUSE YOU LOST THE COVER OR BROKE IT
knoxville bound!
Only 28 Days until Fedora 11!!
you guys are playing at my friends place on the 14th...i'll come rep pville with you...
is working on strategies to pass the word about ! I love being on the Ambassador Team!
I am so disapointed in you! I thought you were a good Democrat! Now I find out you are a #TEABAGGER Taken $ from seniors &poor
I hate windy sunny days -__-
My dad is so obnoxious lol
amen! sounds like a great way to spend the afternoon!
Yeah. I was supposed to take my mom shopping but she's sick so now I'm hoping my gma will take me and Brit somewhere today...
We hear excuses everyday why customers wont buy products. Here are a few of my favorites.
black balck roses in my garden.
I wake up each morning anticipating God's miracles and blessings.
Yeah let's hope it comes down to that! The best team in the 4th quarter vs. the worst team in the 4th quarter.
bang! Bang!
Just Happy This Is Going To Court": Special prosecutor Angela Corey: she says her prosecutors have won and lost Stand Your
ice pops are the best. Just eat the box. we won't judge you.
Season 4 of brings jobs to 480 Oregonians & 600 local vendors.And total dollars is impressive. 11pm
“: Gaining a thousand followers in a weekend? #possible.” yes yes yes!
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? The Holocaust.
RT : Learn about the family structure of enslaved Africans in the US & how it retained African cultural charatceristics:...
Fuck ya finally #Spurs tomorrow!!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your staring at someone and they catch you...
As long as no parents had injuries... I consider that a big success!!
yeah if I started going out with someone I would to... If not my mom would probably ground me for keeping s big secret
I think it's so "foreign" to some people, they don't want to deal with it longer than "necessary".
Gary Cannalte's forecast: bit.ly/xmpb7 Chances of flurries Monday and late Wed/Thur
Thanks 4 the BirthDay wishes 4 Cory. He's a real blessing and we enjoyed our time at dinner with him. Have a good day, friend!
RT - Indians' bullpen labors in 6-4 loss to D-backs (AP): AP - Cleveland's bullpen has been stellar all season, so when ...
meeting and in 32 days on Valentine's Day <3
The only way to break news about yourself is by yourself. And bc it's hilarious.
They also talked about how SKC is now one of the loudest home enviroments in the mls
Get to get my ticket home at noon tomorrow transformus 2012
Yep I'm down in SD. Where you at these days? Can we please do coffee or drinks over the holiday??
Sorry about Thurmond Munson and Cory Lidle RT i hope you know i hate the red sox and wish they would die in a plane crash
well now i found out that a certain person is telling people at school that i'm a bad friend/person, that i'm fake, etc. (cont)..
Fire is a good servant but a poor master. - Darkovan Proverb
"6 secrets to change" food for thought for educators, Justin Tarte ,
How do yo still have more papers due? Regular school is over.
Some girls jus dont kno waz right for them & what they really want!!!
A special thanks to for his help this week
Please remember me.
hi there! Likewise!!:)
thx for that , it looks like good information
- - true dat! When is it coming back? Do you know?
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi"
Eating less calories doesn't necessarily mean eating less food.. You want to eat foods that give you the most for your calorie buck whic ...
oh no now everyone will know we go to bullmoose way too much...
Loadin up and headin out to the awesome Oregon dunes!! for some fun in the sun with the family and friends riding atvs. life is good!!!
Sen. Breslin gives address in support of all three bills on our agenda. Breslin says, "Politics should be about one thing: fairness."
turn around, their healthcare is way too good.
thx for following us. We'd love to work with you all to screen our film on May 1st.
can I borrow a tommy gun? Tattoo kid in my algebra class is top on the list.
Dude I LOVE Torchwood! Have we discussed BSG? RT : Torchwood? Don’t mind if I do.
RT : We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves. - Galileo Galilei”
Wow! To be on top of the world then be swallowed up by it!
thank you!
Stefano=yum Pia=OUT THANK YOU if Stefano or Jacob got the boot I was going 2 say the show is rigged. Actually the show is still rigged
Proactiv commercials must be where celebrity careers go to die.
We're fucken stupid anyways might as well be useful in some way. Can I get a hi-5? ✋
At the friends house hanging out. What are you doing? :)
Why are lunchables so amazing?!?
only been watching #sopa hearings for 20mins, seems abundantly clear that the folks making this decision DON'T understand the implications.
possibly, another again today sub' different class i got moved ..i seriously dunno' why lol
What better than Burgerville before the big new year's eve party...enjoy great food then go party...
connected consumers do everything online. don't question it, just embrace it says at
had Five Guys for first time. Burgers are great, fries too soggy for my liking.
Android developer jobs open at Samsung San Jose, CA
Holy shit at this storm
Did you know.. It takes over 20 individual steps to process many Oolong teas.
love you ladies too!!!
I was way too drunk last night to drive home....So I drove to another party.
Keep Conan! www.imwithconan.com
Triple Trouble.
I'm addicted...to my #Scrabble app...going on 5 months now. I think I needed a meeting...or two.
I am a duck! lol
ok, who is compiling tao lin's comments on blog posts about marie calloway and adrien brody? there must be someone.
Joyce Valenza: Who is an expert? What is a primary source? Information challenge in the digital age
Eliminate the things that make you unhappy.
About to watch the inferior but still decent HITCHKIHERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY on IFC.
Q6: I'd start by saying the web isn't the answer for everything. What outlet(s) does your adult community use?
Not with a joystick... the real deal.
just looked that up--hmm theater or journo?
dam you kelvin I needed a good laugh to end the night
I did chest n shoulders yesterday my boobs r Soo sore !!!
The #Spring Cavalcade is coming up on May 5th! Our lovely sponsors:
I can't I have to babysit
You. Stupid.
I'm trying to be objective.. Bron's new "humble" attitude seems so forced and non genuine.
A few more beers and I might just attach a twitpic.
Shooting two shorts in one day.
- Or Youu Cann Look Onn My Twitter Profile ,& He My Background .
yes we will!!!
i already just followed you lol
I want nachos.
Make that 140+
Love it when the local news teaser is "When will we see the sun? More at 10."
RT beer's great, but gin is my true companion.. That was a 2pac verse from The Streets is Dearh Row. I drinks it all
The boyz recent interview >>>
SINCE YOU HAD YO USE YOUR OUTSIDE VOICE NOW YOU'LL NEVER FIND OUT !
Lol.. At some point this summer, I def will. Or an M's one!
I have died everyday waiting for you.
just posted your awesome article. hope our readers enjoy!
Not a train, but Post Office (aka Pickup) Sq is pretty good for that too. Also, real trains are fantastic. Jealous....
Gotta love the feeling of a fresh clean smile! What's your favorite toothpaste??
is in pre-production of his upcoming feature film "LOVE HEIST" - A film by Danny Boushebel. Follow us on the FB fanpage!
lets get it man!!!
Started working on a few designs for Westlake Film Festival. If nothing else, it will be a great spec job for the 101 Creative portfolio.
Me: Austin! Will you marry me? Austin: What? Me: What? What did I say? Austin: Will you marry me? Me: OMFG OF COURSE YES, AUSTIN!
Want to wake your mom up with a smile? Bring her to Krispy Kreme: We're giving a free cup of coffee to every mom on Mother's Day! RT please!
is the most amazingist girl ever <3
going wild without my husband home. i put my dish in the dishwasher and didnt even rinse it first!
#ccwebinar Mobile Apps for Restaurants, Golf Courses, Real Estate, Medical, Retail Boutiques. Thanks for presentation today.
I'm so over this shit.
The #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Community Service Fair is today from 12-4 PM at the Nightingale-Bamford School! Be sure to stop by!
are you guys going to put together a page of participants?
Peace brother! Shafiq & I were discussin ways 4 me 2 rock n LA. He suggested we talk. Any assistance u can offer wud be appreciated.
"A hater is a confused admirer.. they just don't know yet." ..kid's annointed son, no doubt..
headphones in, music blasted.
“: What up doe!! RT : Hey”nothin bout finish at work!
Minnesota leads Silver Stars 43-40 heading into final 10 minutes.
Did you know she has never been here before? We might take a road trip to smuggle me in LA ;] Then she'll have to meet Pay!
no go on trip, no get no rum
#sfsmells 24 bus outbound: paint marker, Malibu rum, weed.
You are the sun inside of me♥
Why...why do I watch the commercials on DVR shows?! There's a button for that, obviously.
Teaching Intro at ICC in Soho and had a chat with Jacques Pepin in the hallway. Pretty cool!
Hey case how are you? hit your buddy up , ill be sure to call you when I make some more oxtails...
Colima Linda apartment homes are located in San Diego,CA. We are east of Mission Bay, and south-east of Tecolote Canyon. Call 858.279.7410
RT : On the road to Hana. This is what I would call God's country.
I'm bout to p.o.
RT If u ever despair about the state of the world,remember all the goodness from the #Twitter challenge!
Never walk another man into your wall and expect him to not see it coming.
GO BACK TO ENGLAND, YOU IRISH GUY
its been a long time since we talk hope u guys are doing okay how r u
Almost all the IU players, Eric Gordon, and Mason Plumlee from Duke all here at the Twin Lakes Center.
Weapon studios starting to look Nice fresh and clean
are keeping secrets from me...TELL ME!!!!!
no you sound great..
amen girl!
Thank you so much for the wonderful tweet! Hope you are having a beautiful day!
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose. -- Langston Hughes
I know! I got a note on FB and I was like, "What?!?". But u know what I'm glad that u both are still cool
Thanks and for being our newest Barkitecture sponsors! This year's gonna be the best ever!
Tomorrow will be a better day because my bones won't hurt after falling on my ass while ice skating!
i was supposed to study for exams this weekend
All day yesterday I thought it was Thursday and all day today I keep thinking it's Wednesday.. When's the weekend?!
At Barnes & Noble.
Ha! I'm just as slow--didn't realize it was you either, Todd. Glad we got that cleared up.
We're the only species that saves the weak
It's 5pm in California! Cheers!
Just tryna make sure 5:00 comes as fast as possible today.
Starting to see results from the gym :)
I will visit them too, then. Thanks a lot!!
You're probably already onto this, but I just started using #Sweave in #Rstudio-- amazing for #R and #LaTeX!
WATCH SIZING,REPAIRS,CRYSTALS,WATCH BANDS, BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! WE BUY GOLD & SILVER !
I have panic attacks every time I go to the supermarket/drugstore bc I'm overwhelmed by choices.
some theater somewhere needs to do a con air / face/off / vampire's kiss triple feature. get on that.
Cleaning out 30 GB's of space on one's laptop tends to make it run much smoother. High five.
#FailedRapperNames Tyler the Creator. Wtf did you create?
Thanks to all our "Focus on the Customer" webinar participants for their interest and Q & A's!
apparently is going to sue me... MUHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAA
This MT : US imports 45% of its oil, down from 57% in 2008. Efficiency, domestic oil, nat gas and renewables share credit
god jeneva. You're SO annoying! Why are you so loud and funny and awesome! Its SO annoying!
Seasons 52 is excited to announce that we will be opening a restaurant in Princeton, NJ at MarketFair Mall during spring 2014!
I like college 'cause of the karate bro!
twitter, what are you talking about? these people are not similar to me :P
It escaped INTO the garage before I could catch it and take it somewhere safe. I expect it will find its way out.
I've been sleeping all day.
rough first inning, but Yu is looking pretty good now
GOING TO BROWN BIRD! good luck premature tweeting strikes again!
THANK YOU SO MUCH! <333
Nice! Shoot me an email with the details!
I got it done by a pro while at the Cook off over the weekend. I dont go out much to get jewelry & they had a Piercing tent
Would it be too much of a statement if I threw a water baloon at the next lazy or pointlessly slow toll booth attendant?
NOPE! Makes no sense at all
so true: if a project is not worth allocating resources to, it is not worth doing.
Karaoke starts at 10 tonight, come show off your talent!
Late night showers are bomb!
did u have a good mothers day???
#NP Jay Z "Say Hello" Good night tweetums.
how was your weekend??? did anyone listen to awesome music? we've got "cough syrup" on repeat!
Enjoying my first taste of Stevia in the Raw (& a fiesta morning sandwich) at flying star. Happy cinco de mayo! Y'all be careful out there!
Lazy Sunday
What games are you going to this weekend
I'm ridiculously excited by the news that Lexington is finally getting a bubble tea place. T doesn't like tapioca so isn't quite as giddy.
Bickering Roommates. So much fun.
It's the person who gets out of the shower, dries off and does something about it who makes a difference
who are these people????:)
i did too
Please do nerd day tomorrow
2 of 3 predictions correct. Well done Mark! The costumes really attracted my attention when I watched "The Artist"
Damn you banana laffy taffy for being so delicious!
Tara! Thanks for making it such an awesome group of nominees. Mostly excited to be included with all of you.
Got that face you can't forget. Hyatt Place staff recognized me instantly. And, put me in the exact same room I was in last month. Scary!
I don't have your number . I thought I did
EVERYONE SHOULD GO CHECKOUT AND
20 minutes away from home
sucks to suck.
it helps your game son...lol
Uhm. How the hell did I LOSE one "like?" C'mon people...get me to 300 so someone can get a free t-shirt!
Been nose to the grindstone, sleeping just when others are waking, then waking an hour later. Will have the site up soon!
hacked by mauhaha love u sis! everyone plz add if you are a true friend to Amber!
Some online applications have hidden timers, and companies will just ignore apps when people take too long.
yes, thinking of switching from android to iPhone 4S. except keep hearing good things about Nexus Prime. torn :-(
Long day wishing I was tired.
"i like girls with a nice personality" MARRY ME.
10 official requests for a state or congressional recount have been filed, incl all 3 possible congressional districts
way to go girl..Wassup these days hope all is good!!
Do you have a show planned for Chicago yet?
Me:This will make it all stop.Ur runny nose, ur coughs, ur insomnia. Her: Sounds like a gospel song right now.
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful outcome."
It will be okay, just pray over it.
don't press your luck :p
watched 4 years ago,he was just a small town kid from canada,never thot he would be a world wide phenomenon but
Wow, so I tripped in my room and now my ankle, hip, and knee are throbbing.
2nd interview with Linked In tomorrow. Please dear Lord grant me favor and allow me to standout amongst so many candidates.
Need sleep bad. But when I get home 9 hours from now I will be too charged up to sleep. Love the graveyard shift
Cocktail of the day: Blueberry Lavendar Margarita- Tequila, blueberry, lavendar sugar, touch of lime. You're welcome Monday
Somebody To Go Out There Way With No Shame Just To Put A Smile On My Face ♥
Moonball from #Deng! Great way to end the quarter!
Today we are teaching our after school youth about the we want peace campaign and showing the we want peace video by !
I'd like to think that you're worth my time, but you embody everything that I hate.
NEW DIRECTIONS FINALLY WON HELL YEAH.
So much fog can't even see my school....
i would trust you ma
It is time to get ready to research, document, and write a library service report. Last week, I compared the library to a supermarket. W.O.W
My boss told my co-workers, "No matter how rude something is, if Melinda says it, people LOVE her for it!"
I hope you are rethinking your position and you are standing up for the USA as GOP candidate!
Playing golf with my dad next weekend in Memphis. I'm jonesing for some golf.
well... i am a bird watcher.
Yes! The Homie Instigate and his girl are town! Gonna be a reunion!
I wish you were here. I want you with me right now...
hold the bitch , jus sold the bitch , fuck you pay me what i told the bitch. - cocaine
"This will go down as Dallas' worst playoff loss ..."
Never ceases to amaze me how this is missed. Or how QR codes are added to locations where NO human could possibly scan.
JANE BARTEL ROCKS at #Wits!!
omg stop 😭 im gonna cry when u leave me
You win :-P
That is total bull. Saw that movie last year, and it desperately needs to be seen by as many teens/adolescents as possible.
My brain isn't sure if it's still late from the Springsteen concert or really this early a trek to LAX... first option seems less painful
I don't care if people take them, I just wish I didn't have to know about it.
Internet Explorer, the Nickelback of internet servers.
I should do my hair now because i will not have the time to do it tomorrow
thanks for following! Have you had a chance to check out Antengo?
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. also go hunger games! =)
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
what does the even mean?
too bad I'm already a follower! :-)
matter of time befo them white people get pissed off
I hope so lol
Another rainy day on LI, at least its just Monday
Thank you, I'm not sure what to do.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 8
going to sleep goodnight <3
I've been fixing things for almost 7 months now. I spent lots of money on my dream. I just hope everything will be fine.
Dont forget to join us Saturday for the Circle 5K race and our very first sale here at WhatKnots!
Counting down the hours... RT : Young Alumni Happy Hour tonight at Binkleys on 54th and College! 6–7:30 p.m. (It's free!)
awesome...I think we can make that happen :-)
"Italy Misses Kidrauhl" gtfo already. There is a lot of place he havent even been to yet, like Norway and Sweden! Give them a chance.
Looking for others interested in sharing a 4 pack of tickets to see Seth Godin speak on June
4 Days and 21 hours until ! Make sure you stop by the for some fun family activities, we are open daily
Protest oligarchic power, backroom dominance of government & usurping of the regulatory structure from within.
Still looking for a good Cleveland restaurant? Check us out sometime.
Ahh, a face only a mother could love.
i'm practical...old fashioned...#ESQUIRE$WAG
Just a few days left! Donate 2 canned food items at St. Rose/Eastern location for , receive a free med iced/hot coffee
thanks TJ! You rule.
MCC is seeking high-tech companies for Career Exploration night. Doing something cool that would excite your future employees? Call 292-3748
How did you find out about the summit?
#nowlistening Reunited by Peaches and Herb. Haven't heard the song in a while and I love the old school.
Perhaps will get to take your class in the future. Alums have to line up behind currently enrolled students. Happy holidays.
Have you used Mozilla Popcorn Maker yet? What are your thoughts?
*Sees caller I.D. Keti - Picks up phone*. Me: "Hello?", Keti: "We love you dawn, bye now".
The good news? I have to write a Civil War book. The bad news? I have to write a Civil War book...
pumped for 3 hrs of sitting
Timbers' fans Geoffrey C. of the Oregonian is on sports sunday tonight. Tweet in a question B4 6pm. We'll use it in our segment.
The burger idea was definitely on the brain.
hahhaa that took a really long time!
If you wish to take courses in ESL subject areas, you will want to explore the Western International University
I caught a piece of it while my lakers got smoked. Its awful. Stereotypes sistas as loud n aggressive.
Working on a new blog! Gentlemen, what is something you'll never understand about women? Ladies, what will you never understand about men?
you rock!!
Walked away and came back I got mentions for things that have nothing to do with me.
Agreed! Didn't know you were a Stillers' fan. Another thing we have in common.
Don't mind me, desk-sobbin' at a 6-Year-Old boy with Cerebral Palsy walking to his Marine dad for the first time.
Yea ..lol but tell me u feel me on this one?: Swagger? No? Lol too close?
It's almost Easter, world!
Red Space Gallery is reverently hoping for good news to come from the #ideafund oh please, oh please.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 11
what's your email?
RANDOM CHUCK NORRIS MOMENT! Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
DAMMIT! Guess I don't need to worry about the NHL playoffs this year. Heat playoffs it is.
#MYSTRANGEADDICTION . THESE PPLEZ SO CRAZY IM LYKE OMG REALLY !
Patrick, you look pretty darn cute in your avatar. :-)
Yay, my Kroger can do it, thanks!
The only fake friends I had when I was young were my imaginary friends. Now I can't even keep track ...
But then i have to like get up. And quickly apparently.
'Josh Hutcherson caught buying alcohol.'
lol I settled, and didn't read it. too long. lol
They just took me out the convo lol its cool doe. I'm goin to sleep goodnight
Don't give up on your dreams.... they're out there... waiting on you.
When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, U C L A.
Kobe now listed as "game-time" decision with stomach ailment after he misses shootaround. Is there really a chance he'll miss this game?
you're getting your transplant?
Imagine how many lives you could change, how many days you could brighten simply by responding in kindness.
Do you use Referral #Networking as part of your #marketing strategy? If so, check out
Your mad because I did the right thing.
nite tweeps...it's been fun...
I tried stepping over one of my dogs and ended up stepping on my other dog.
Im just Jazzy. Take it or take a hike.
“: playing with introfly. it's dope man.” thanks!!
Funny thing because I hate raisins!
Thanks Dani. Happy Valentines Day! Love u! xo
he was talking about me.
Can someone please tell that we needn't be shy with butter anymore?
Two for one hash caps at The Clinic today!!
ah damn it why ;( try sending another message then
Cameron is rocking those skinny jeans.
The way UK has been playing in the SEC Tournament, I wouldn't count on it yet.
I c u free bra dae was tryna #pin a #nigga down on sum
Apple pie and ice cream for dinner? Sounds like a plan!
Good morning! Happy Friday!!
bitch ass need tissue
I'll take world peace if that's on offer. :)
you should chat with about ultra advice!
That's what a deposit is for … It's your protection against this exact scenario.
I haven't listened to it yet myself. About to.
RT : RT : RT : S/O to all my followers doe <-- Hell Yes
If you call yourself a Social Conservative, you HAVE to support GOP nominee. He's the only one who will nominate originalists to SCOTUS
I have a confession to make..I think I'm actually starting to like some country music...I have TWO stuck in my head right now..help me. ._.
Bruno Mars is our winner. Brunz you are the best. God gave you an awesome gift. Thank you so much for sharing it with us.
Mondays- Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight. For details, check out my website www.baltimoresalsablog.com/monday.html
I saw red. R.I.P Jani Lane! Hope 2 see u at uncle johns cabin. I hope I got that last song reference right?
A note for all my 'slactivists' out there: retweeting on twitter doesn't mean you are actually doing something
did you apply by emailing ?
The Back Street Boys' documentary on tv tho?
Hi, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
lmfao I told u it was fake
Hey can u wish me a happy birthday I'm a huge fan
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
yes awesome
and my friends and lover. Woe is me, watching snow accumulate from a Starbucks outside cville.
Haven't witnessed a good use of "brethren" in a while. Actually, had to look it up.
Sale and Jansen just became closers. Crap! Sweet!
Criminals are like raccoons, Ok? Give 'em a taste of cat food and pretty soon they'll be back for he whole cat! -Dwight
So happy that won Top Chef. Was rooting for him the whole season!
Club Sirius tonight! No cover downtown SA! Amazin drink specials! Dont miss out!
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.-Napoleon Hill
Haha yes and hobos really do eat beans! xD
THE HAMMER
I really want to tweet about how much I hate Japanese right now, but I can't think of anything clever.
I wish! Hahaha! And I'd love to give him one! :)
ok! Thanks babe! :) Now everytime someone asks me if I know portugese I'll throw out this line ;)
#JBSOMEDAY I will get notice by
reading bitches for blood!
it's all true. i'm super excited to see your booth! xoxo
how was prom?
who are you? do you even go here?
There's also registration info! RT I #votesmart by using online rep finder for friends who have moved to new areas.
Today= perfect prototype day: bk club, rewriting policies, lots of job search help, prep for job forum tmrw Next: spking at Town Board mtg.
whaaaa? I'd take Harper's over the NYT any day
about to hit the stage (again) at The Legendary Dobbs( ) after opening for earlier at the Keswick ..
giving a belated b'day to the homie #chrisbrown ready to pick up the new single with
I agree to an extent but think Gamel has more upside then McGehee and not sure about Pena, solid D but low ba and streaky.
. Don't walk by 's desk now. She's looking for a few hard crossword answers. She's dyspeptic if you don't know.
My dream job is to work in the advertising and marketing departement for the CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS!!!!!! Just keep it up!
Done at the gym.
Tell you're "friends" they can fall back.
true story.
South Jordan Middle Class of '12 pictures today.
Girl is eating french fries with a chopstick!
Shady, 2 months left so I ain't frontin.
Yep, we sure are!
I stress it cuz there's ppl commiting suicide for the jokes. I lost a friend to that joking shit and I don't like seeing it.
Archer and Boo, two long-timers here (black cat brothers) were adopted into the same home yesterday! Yay Archer and Boo!! :)
That's what I'm here for!
Tickets are still available for Hellogoodbye! Get yours today at the Brooks Lounge!
I don't believe in "wasting time", you can't justify time being wasted so make the most of if !
you have a great day too!
Strategically planning....
MORE TO COME PEOPLE!! STay Tuned
welcome to summer.
Nothing like riding the train downtown to surprise a friend, only to have them decide theyd rather go home and nap.
Excited to be collaborating with on our first client project together!
Merry Christmas! Celebrate the Savior today and remember that because of Him you can have peace, joy and hope in your life!
haha you're welcome! It sounded so nice.
Getting my hair done by ms. Seanna :)
U know u had a good workout yesterday when everythin u worked out is sore
I read something funny, that I never heard before: “men are like buses, you miss one & another will come on right behind so you catch it.”☺
what up!
I'm in
well, are you ok?
when your parents piss you off over stupid shit!
Dude, blindfold was pretty neato...
its funny how in longest yard, all the black ppl step in and are all magically amazing at football
my turn for bed time. Exactly an hour after you...maybe cause a time zone away :)
Back to my earlier observation about this being fast paced. Both teams need to downshift a gear or two
Please tweet pictures of these "finds" for those of us who can't attend.
I'm hearing a lot of that. thanks for the response!
thanks for the heads up, totally doing that! :D
No problem!! It's a subject close to my heart.
It feels like Friday 2 me
intel? :)RT : spending the afternoon visiting jewelry stores...what should I shop for today?
Ginsberg reflection, Martian soliloquy basically sums up the entire theme of the series.
about to go on a long walk with my doggy :)
Tonight 6-8pm: Wine, beer, music, art! Closing reception for 2 ceramic sculptors.Listen to electric fiddle, see gr8 contemporary local art
Come in and see the new look of our store -- let us know what you think!
i heard about it and saw pics.
Tell me who you got in the Knicks-Heat series.
I really wish he was here with me :/
#RusherPartyingWorldWide so proud of u well deserved da win da just prove how awesome u r my idol?love ya?
Just read a #MadMen recap that was longer than the show itself. The reader already knows the show's premise: cut to the recapping.
Emily...Worst Bachelorette Ever
LOL!!!! Mabey one day we both can meet them it would b super Awesome if we did :]
Does that mean your leg is feeling better? I hope so!
You offend me then compliment me #makeyourmindup ily though baby cakes ♥RT : I miss your sexy ass ;)
e && don't lie! Going hard in the paint!
ah I just got this and I tried to set up my FaceTime but it won't let me ah
First outdoor of the year: always a source of inspiration.
heard u were runnin around the city... Thas nice to know
hahahaha i know you are
I love you to the moon and back 🌕🌞🌎 <3
Follow me and find out more about my book
I will give it a shot. Thanks.
Golden Globes or Downton Abbey?
Was cool having in studio for the launch of on - welcome to Denver's Sports Station, Stink!
can't wait for the unconventional convention
Older I guess... Not quite the joints I had in high school.
ya tengo la laptop descompuesta de lo que babie
Bait Car oh it's filmed in ATL. Criminals that aren't very bright. LOL
Listening to #BOYFRIEND in chorus sectional!
Am iI the only one that thinks it's a foul to elbow someone in the face?
Haha, is there an echo in here??
- Which Balboa Park area bars are running specials (pun intended) this weekend for the R'n'R marathon?
texting bitches and watching movies is how I roll on sundays
Where my #PYT at??
Idk why niggas talkin about Lebron, he is the reason the heat are even in the postseason.
thank you for your comment :D
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
#FF Some of my fav #health tweeps! Happy Friday!
Chima is not a poor's man Fogo De Chao
We are getting an estimate for hardwoods throughout the rest of our house today bc our carpet tastes are too expensive. :)
Thank you starting fining the floppers.
Local gouvernments have to work together and the UN has to take the leadership to drive us to the right way. (President of UCLG )
Your NOT Team Tatted If Yu ONLY Have 2 Tattoos Lbs !
What up big Dog its Cliff in LA now Vegas. Holla at yaboy.
Oomf is so ratchet
Ah I love thunderstorms 💙
as another of your now defunct employees said, "we changed the world and we did it with style. Best wishes.
Just applied to open for Never Shout Never in Anaheim CA on April 28th. Not expecting anything, but who knows what could happen:)
hi what's up
I have the best boyfriend in the world <3 I'm glad your always there for me babe!! I love you<3 forever and ever (:
NEVER Give Up!! No matter what, keep pushing forward!! RT "For a gallant spirit, there can never be defeat." Wallis Simpson
Woot! Glad to hear the upgrade went smoothly for you. :)
ill get you a link hold up
The mention of 'QR codes' & 'Viral' r pissing a lot of people off
you and the damn Kings LOL
Celebrating Mother's Day by having Mrs. O open presents...can't wait for her to unwrap Usher....
You damn right I just saw a cowboys fan trying to come over into my lane so I sped up and didnt let him over lol
goodluck today at your interview!!
Nickname I was given by an uncle when I was a teenager because of my love of 1950's sci-fi films.
Be nice to the ppl you meet on the way up cause your going to bump into the same ppl on the way down.
This callux dude is make me pissed, get a life.
Only the trashy songs by Ke$ha RT : #songsonnikousweddingplaylist Anything by OneRepublic
Kentucky Club! Benjamin Saenz! Book cover photo contest! Send your best shot of the Ave. #Juarez bar to
About to do the same...
what is going on?! where's our websites and where's the support?
Pay Back on Madison St! Who's celebrating in locker room tonight? Daaaaa Bulls! Enjoy the ride Pacers!
Dam talk about worse news of the day -_-
Everyone send good thoughts to today as she completes our move into our new apartment without me! (HELP HER)
keep it cold! and enjoy your day.
but not : The Parker Jotter
Hello Kaitlin. Your posts are clever. What would an NHL Trade Deadline prayer be? The Rangers need a "keep team intact" one...
I heard your going to school out here
Ha, this is the problem with living with close female friends! I also make her open jars when I can't do it.
This watching what I eat buiz is the hardest ever..but it's worth it!
Chris Roberts of El Paso Times gets honorable mention in freedom of information reporting at
The only good thing about 1-6 is having Toffoli every day
You, too, Deborah! I'll be in touch about this week...best to you and keep swingin' :-ED
Walk..Learn..and Grow..
Have not heard any rumors of trade for WO.No disrespect for other Ravens pics, but we need more offense :).
don't worry bro is just another haters man so just do like I do brush your shoulders off good luck this season
Also why won't you let me purchase another shirt today? But it is ok, I tricked the system and used a different email
what expertise does your buddy have?
Some students at UNL are looking for any feeds, podcasts, twitter for humanities research to build an iOS app. Do you have any to share?
Dude for UK just took some balls to the face!!!!
think im pussy test a pussy u gon catch a pussy 1 in yo head thats aextra pussy
#MomentsICanNeverForget the ride from South Texas to New york afraid knowing my fam could be caught
that sounds like a job for
hey alex! how are you? :D
Well played Pirates...well played..
Republicans are SO STUPID!!! Yeah, more government fails, but you need MORE GOVERNMENT to fix the more government. DUH!!!
Taxil Technologies welcomes John Kosic to the sales team. Follow him
"Set Picture(s)" not picture lol
they are dating!! He's not ready to tell us.
Coughing up $65 bucks every four days at the pump is getting old.....fast!
Why put quotes on twitter from books you never opened?
I don't know why Tristan act so shy knowing he aint
Yes. RT : FINISHED MY PAPER NOW TIME FOR SEVERAL POUNDS OF CHINESE FOOD.
haha I feel that it is too sensitive a subject for facebook just yet
Bless iced coffee for always being my rock when times get tough and I walk aimlessly around the city. You keep me semisane.
Paws up!! It's Friday! and our favorite
cute! ;oP
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. ~Jim Rohn
What is your school doing with k-5 to honor 911? Any recommendations?
coming to visit your hometown today. Plan on having some sherry in the bawdy house.
I'll be riding the escalators in front of the Gap all night.
I know that I'm a psychopath but I guess it's ok some times.
Just got home from school is it weird that we have a poster hanging in our class room???:/
I hope my Red Envelope is filled with 20's this year.
If it weren't a sunday, I might feel good about being out of the house before 8am. Photo gig... I can't believe I'm actually on schedule
My followers are WACK right now !!!
You betcha!! “: I've come to the conclusion that watching TV all day is great.”
At Java Monkey and a group consisting of black guys and white guys discussing how only pretty white girls get free drinks.
It needs to be 80
haha i gotcha
steak and eggs. Pickled eggs and slim jim
$200 a pile is LOT of money!
Our society is too much dependent on gas, oil and coals.
Dawwww gurl you are just the greatest. My heart beats for you.
fellow jay severin fan, Tweeter, conservative smart ass. follow for follow?
maybe if you come visit ;) <333
I have some 94 white, black, and beryl green, what should I paint?
Modern Family wins!!! best looking cast at the
Lmmfao on tha floor! He f'ing found it! Wow
Let me Love you Now; let loose the god within! This is your higher self talking here, let’s pretend...
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher 'cause I still turn to you.
One of our engineers is going to ! Who else is going? If you're a customer of ours, shoot us a DM or tweet for a lunch in #Vegas!
shoutout to my mother for not raising me to be a complete moron like 99% of my generation
Ciao everyone! Beautiful Thursday morning; stop by for a delicious freshly made Raspberry Bomba & an ice coffee! :)
PhD students should make their dissertations applicable to academic and non-academic paths
Out for the best dad in the world's birthday (: Happy Birthday Love youu!!
So.. Everyone who is complaining about the Colts cuts today are NOT allowed to jump on the bandwagon in 2 years when we ROCK again!
good to see you in Austin today! hope to catch up tomorrow at big data drinkup before you get back to taking over the world! :-)
Missed a call at midnight, voicemail: "Sheri, where are you, you're on the schedule tonight." Oh, Sheri's gonna be in trouble.
A soul without salvation is just like the walking dead.!
Not sure.
At the store
Chris Davis, who is 0-7 and has struck out 5 times today/(night?) has just struck out Saltalamacchia. In the AL.
Vancouver radio daze: Team 1040 celebrates while CKNW gets back in the game
Notification are nice for decoupling but boy are they are a pain the a$$ to debug
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!!
": #np Notorious Thugs - Notorious B.I.G!! Also sick! Lol"I'm listening to that right now x)
hey ! good running into you 2 the other day. I think the best person to get a hold of would be gr8 guy
Ever regret something you said on twitter? Richard Nixon probably knows how you feel.
Hey #WatchESPN make me watch ads, answer surveys, or actually make me pay for the app but subscribe to cable? That is counterintuitive
It sure be some Captainsavahoes in the gym...MANE!!!
Oh. Link to the pin?
UPR / PRS is going to be featured on the KCAL 9 TV show "Best Deals" at 6:00 PM, if you're in the Los Angeles area, check it out!
hey people :)
Sweet. and then the Pastrana tapestries at National Gallery.
I'll know I've found The One when I've met a girl willing to walk down the aisle to Morbid Angel's "Chapel of Ghouls."
yet i'm sexy
yea .. Ah this is a necessity , i need to see my second boyfriend again ;)
I can't imagine atl ever being overplayed
Roll. Roll it gyal. Roll it gyal. roll.....
oh & I'm not hating I just dislike her with a passion .
#GoAvsGo beat cancer
Yea PR and Social Media, u?
thank you <3
Riding the bus is exactly like ordering from the Soup Nazi. Passengers are damned if they do, damned if they don't.
What's the hardest job to train for?
I HAD YO BITCH POP ON MY DICK LIKE SHE FOR WHEELIN
Can we please retire the "-gate" suffix when talking about scandals... or would that cause a scandalgate?
It is. I go there and get punched in the face for a quick pick-me-up.
Out of the 4,255 donors to #giveBIG, 1,013 are new donors! This makes #giveBIG even BETTER!
The BEST thing about banking @ #arvestbank is that there is one on every corner! And in #Walmart! Convenient!!
you sound surprised. It's new jersey!!
I need to hit the studio
Do you have a question about something in your life right now? Imagine taking 2 minutes to ask your body the answer.what does she say?
if u can rt a buckeye fan y want u rt a huge ky fan. Go BIG BLUE
Damn all these applications for summer jobs -_____-
Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown
yeah! Lol heard that song on the radio.
Need to be perfect
Come to my acting class tonight . Learn the art of booking acting jobs. We will be at Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave room 414. Class $20.
#Food & Community Fellows, Kellogg Foundation - increase #ag & #farmer #diversity beyond #foodie crowd.
is prepping for media training session with client, video shoots, and awards show scripting.
Last films at #CIFF this year: Aki Kaurismäki's Gold Hugo winner, Le Havre (2011), and the surprise screening, Margin Call (2011)
Busy weekend, but maybe will be able to stop by. RT Milwaukee's Wingfest April 15th see you there??
Usually the loudest person in a room is the weakest
right, and if you can make a living doing comm/vo, take that money and do your passion projects on the side...
i want to see you again, but i'm stuck in colder weather..
umm what prize what are you talking about
not me!!
The Smithsonian would be AWESOME. I really want to go to The Louvre.
..not that I know of but you never know!
I wish terrible harm to santino.
I need to make me smile and be happy right now <3
Just got back from an amazing weekend away in PA. So grateful for all the amazing people in my life!
That does not mean that I am not hurting the next day. I can barely walk most of the time.
i have no friends \m/
...served them very well and has provided a great return on investment for them.
Tear this place apart until you find me hiding, silently I wait. You'll be excited just to see me someday. Everything's ok.
Thanks for the RTs good people!!! #OneCity!!
#NotAPrisonThemeSong Climax-Usher
On my daily grind. Chasing dreams takes persistence, faith and diligence. Success is not an option. It is a definitive goal.
Prosecutor #AngelaCorey is smart as hell!!!! I need her part of my team...
I'm always on the move but I have a feeling I'll be back. We shall see what will be.
All a girl wants is to feel beautiful, to be loved and to be treated with respect. 💟
What's up Seattle?!
Thanks so much for the support!
Hand tossed! “: And once again is not rocking the stage - he's ripping it apart. #m2c2012”
Like What? U still Doing Stand Up?
on tap, Torpedo Extra IPA (replaces Full Sail Brewing Pale Ale)
nothing like a little adele unplugged and blueberry sour cream pancakes to start off the morning...
I am looking for a good runing car..who got a car for sale ???? Get at me plz..
I predict Jessica Sanchez will be eliminated tomorrow. That's how it SHOULD go.
heck yeah! I just dont get why that guys always in his movies lol :)
Brisk and gusty...but that wont stop the silverlake farmers market..join us!! Now-2pm
You know things are great, when your husband sneezes & instead of "bless u" you say "fuck u"
I just want to fly to San Antonio, walk into Austin's room, whisper in his ear, "I love you, thanks for inspiring me", hug him & leave.<3
I forgot that we also lost in walk off fashion, to the Phillies, last year. Difference: Brandon Lyon was the goat.
Know that you've done the work to deserve the victory.
Wow, was great! The music is incredible and the cast brings it home. Don't forget tissues.
wassup everybody hows everyone's day going
I'm very glad I was able to cover the #WPS, I made life long friends w/ coaches, staff, players and fans! Chin up the pitch is still green
I'm still back home and missed your episode. Do you know when it will air again? But I'm sure you did a nice job! :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x11
Haha I do that all the time. Dont worry youre normal. :P Or we're both crazy 0.o
Flop city call on that play
The best things in life are the people we love, the places we’ve seen, and the memories we’ve made along the way.
see you here at
Hahaha!! That's funny though
Hello stranger
Ik :/ Hey do you wanna hang tomorrow with tyler and his friend?
Happy Friday the 13th!!
More hours need to be added to the day in order for me to get more sleep. This whole, being sleep deprived because of hw thing is not cool:(
Can Lindsay carry a tune?
when you're awake.
University of Houston and Rice are too far. Until I get funded I can't spend too much gas money. China is new on my plate!
Go AZTECS!! RT : I think we need an I Believe chant!! Let's go Aztecs!
Mistaken Love
Sitting next to a annoying guy in biology-_-
Off to diner at Sharkey's & Grizzlies Game fun night!! Yippee!
OK, the #LPC made a constitutnl change. It's still about engaging w Cdns & giving Cdns reasons to engage with the LPC
1st 100 folks in the door at tonight's fundraiser at Chris Jazz Cafe get a free gift!
NHS Induction ceremony tonight..gonna be a long night.
Never hated a player more than #ReggieMiller (Bulls fan) but much respect for him and congrats on #HOF induction
Take a moment & realize that you will affect everyone that you interact with today in a + or - way/make a + impact in someone’s life today.
Good morning. Bring happy doesn't mean everything is perfect, it just means you've decided to look beyond life's imperfections. ~Rev Run
Wow, how gracious!
Rolling Stones cover tweet.
late night ihop run with the crippled
Freeworld taking ova be on the look out lol shouts to all the famz ones again
Wrapped another day on Teen Wolf...good times takin a hit
Oh Bridget on on NECN...please specify who thought Biden made "gaffe"...don't news folks mention this sort of thing?
Awesome! Are y'all planning on joining us this year?
IT'S FRIDAY! I'm ready to go home to my wife and little girl.
Emanuel Accepts Job as Obama Chief of Staff.
my mom said u look better than me and cried
Great lunch! Nice mtg u as well. Follow again soon!
Because we think with the #WrongHead 99% of the time.. RT Why are guys such pigs? :}
thanks darling!
u have pretty blue eyes(:
pretty sure the family guy episode with is hilarious
I only have one on vinyl..the atlas 10"
oh tight hug back :)<333
My British girlfriend has never heard of Dave Matthews Band
Much tougher game expected. Props to IU...they played beyond themselves. Cal and Crean both earned their money tonight. Crazy FT% for UK.
she flipped on you for no reason today.. and she never ever yells at anyone else for eating....lol
The stupid BS about Jessica Simpson's baby has been preempted for the president's speech. THERE IS A GOD.
Stupid hungry right now!
Can we agree the evidence we're looking for is more than test scores? Please.
#wheniwaslittle I pretended my name was Belle from Beauty & The Beast
Taylor wasn't "left out", he just wasn't picked!.
I lived in NC from 2008 until October of last year. It's a great state. Make it better by voting against Amendment 1 today.
and thanks so much for coming out and supporting us!
ok. On My TW box, it's built in.
beautiful very :)
Fuck yeah! You're hot!
RT : RT : Though is about to launch v1 soon, I'm already hungry to begin work on v2 of the system!
welcome bro☺ love you😘
craigslist my friends
haaha ya they are nice i love them hahaha come to the lab then u can haha
How about keeping the name? Kodak will still be making movie film in 2012.
Excuse my language but I think my dick throws balls harder than mark Sanchez
Love that term. "Get off the schneid" means to break through a bad streak. It's an old baseball term re: slumping hitters.
And the boos ensue for Brauny
Hello World!
For something more rustic just outside of Torino, I remember liking Bel Deuit when I was a grad students in TO.
If you are on Godís side. retweet this. If youíre on the Devilís side, keep scrolling.
#WVU #NCAC board meeting at Ragtime - good time with everyone and lots of hard work for some great upcoming events!
Seriously, Lamar and rob >>>>
My dog greets me at the door everyday when I come home from work. Makes me forget about the bad day I had.
what the hold up on getting players we need like 4?
I should really change my voicemail to "Please don't leave me voicemail..."
This Dude Really Stink Doe, I'm Real Disappointed.
it was delish!
It would've been good to tell me Ms X had maternity leave, before I moved all those accounts to her.
Pasadena is claiming a state of emergency due to some high winds?! SoCal, you know nothing of the crunch.
you looked pretty spiffy biebs(;
Thanks buddy! Hope you have an awesome weekend!
I absolutely loved your blue dress at pandora's party! it was super gorgeous! who is your favorite designer?? xoxo
Its gloomy out but the party is still going tonite at Brass Monkey Milw 700 East Layton! DJ at 9pm & a few of the Best behind the bar!!
And I'm pretty sure the only one who can in jeans(dressy) too.
Soundchecking at 321 local! Get your butts out here and have some fun!
Did Thai Place close?
be pullin girls........dont ask how i know just follow this guy 4REAL.
#outlook #calendar on your pc dropping appts from outlook cal on ur mac and vice versa? is fixing that for clients
im serious as shit tho, im riding a bike faithfully to school this year Rain, Snow, Heat.
Eddie Murphy making white and black people laugh together. A real civil rights pioneer right there.
I mean I am good bur just sad
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
Gym or Beer? I have some ideas for an internet TV station and could go for a cold one. Anyone drinking in East Falls?
Resorted to frozen dinners tonite- anything to keep from grocery shopping or consuming the giant bag of fresh spinach I bought.
dude you are so cute!!
I'd Peter Griffen
Suh is a big bitch.
My Teacher said Come Back to the class room.I said I'm right here, my mind just left.She said oh wow so what do you want to do? I said sleep
Just call it please. Thanks
haha awesome. Good times with cast and cats! Lol
Some things r just 2 hard 2 overcome, that's why sports mimics life
It's Taco Tuesday! What's your favorite spot in SD for yummy tacos?
So Dick Lugar is out the office now?! Thats worse than the time Mr. Coleman became Asst. Principal at Fulton Jr. High.
On the ground in Philly - YAY! Can't get home to my family fast enough!
I have a FEMALE friend...but I admit it : we do fuck sometimes.
Saw comment about $2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks. Want to chat? Please send phone # or email me at
Bed all day, sure :)
Cat has got me out of bed to get her breakfast, then look in the garden, now she looks like she's ready for her first nap of the day!
Happy New Year everyone B safe.....mo fuckaz
: I'll settle for greatest hits. Colman and I can spend our two months in the car refining our jazz palate.
RT Whenever someone inserts a USB stick the wrong way into a computer, a nerd ejaculates in his pants.
Enjoy dinner at Barra Barra Saloon from 4:45-5:45PM, while listening to the modern flamenco style fuses of NovaMenco!...
Sweet personality
No, JP was joking.
I saw a lot of other players flat give up, so everyone needs to look in the mirror after this one.
Hey, , thanks for following. Can't wait to try my new #ExoticHeirloomTomato varieties. Neither can my pups, esp 16-yr ol Pug!
that's rift:)lol. How did it go?
