gotta move round em wit dem footwork skills
I know, I tried to convey that when I started typing it out, and ran out of characters. Twitter is shit.
that is really cool. I would definitely tip if something like that happened to me
I cant wait to be one :)
Jus left da movies think like a man was GREAT!!!
Oh My God ,Mikey . Look At Your Abs .... SEXY ! ILY ;D
Thanks for following my twitter Fire!
MT Best apps/tools are ones that allow you to use the Internet to get off the Internet(ie meet your neighbors, find new places)
-.- that's not how it went!
hank you for following fears agencies Edis. Wendell
NBA Commissioner David Stern will attend Monday's Pacers' home playoff game vs Magic. Local media will meet with Stern at 6:45 p.m.
U r THE best and I am so Proud of and happy for you!
OG trichomes do me as well as any opiate pain killer
oh bitches don't like that? homie I'll be nicer to women when aqua man drowns and the human torch starts swimming.
More research in the collection this morning. I'm hoping a few more surprises are in store!
true. yours was spot on I must say.. like musical notes flowing off a professional musician :)
Took 3 teen boys to Boston yesterday; happy to be back at work today -- far less exhausting!
i like how u take down john sena
Who are the learned? Those who practice what they know. – Muhammad
About to testify on HB1155 @ the CO legislature. Impressive new direction for dev ed reform
in the cut x wiz khalifa . i haven't listened to this in so long .
I like the way they Ended w/ president snow. Will be a great transition to Catching Fire.
Using God-given talents and gifts for self-serving purposes always end up destructive for the creature. Pride self destructs.
Many trainees never get further than "Limited Expertise" and eventually drop out to become civil servants.
3 Tripple grease bacon stack cheese burger blasters, and a diet coke please.
Only nightclub 2 be @ is surrendervegas
Echoes of Pompeii Sat. Sept. 17 at The Paramount at 7:30pm. Pink Floyd fans save this date! Tickets $15 and $20 online or box office.
#ArentYouTiredOf People who finally hear one expression thats been around for ages and then wear it out faster than you can say stfu? (YOLO)
Tax day is tomorrow and DD has something for ya! We'll be @ the main post office on Sunset/Paradise from 4-6 p.m. tomorrow w/ free goodies!
totally sucks. The downside of corporate life. Lol
What a faiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilll for Chicago!
I try to compromise. -A
dude congrats!!!!!!
Off to Georgetown University Alumni Club of DC board meeting -- follow us
Why do people find it necessary to judge those who don't drink/smoke? It's your opinion, but why do you seem so determined to change mine?
same price I ship for free
I'm on page 7 of An Object of Beauty and already I love it. Thank you for being amazing.
Thanks for following us! We're looking forward to your tweets!
Fidel > Hadley Ramirez and Jose Reyes.
#WhenAGuy Gives You Compliments
The 2 Pac hologram would have come in handy 9/13/96
#Focused. I'm a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else. -Mos Def
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
It's late as shit. Shut the fuck up...
“: EPIC”. Love your AVI
RT ": The Sodexo staff knows how to party 🎉"
The Saints bounty is all over SportsCenter but nothing about Seau?
Not even suppose to be working today... But working anyways. $$$$
looking for an inexpensive and easy #coffee grinder that is great for making coarse grounds...any suggestions?
thanks! haha yeah I am too
looks promising. Thanks!
I'm the curios type
it has been amazing!
Actually, also likes me cus he knows I want to rub that big bald head of his.. ;-)
Free throw and turnover struggles continue. Ron Nored with two missed free throws and the Bulldogs with 4 turnovers just four minutes in.
SHUT UP MENN
hah I will do my best. I don't think it's me. I think nature has a grudge.
my heart goes out to the goventure fam I'm heartbroken.
I'm through with you
Also, he asked about avoiding hurting this guy, so he clearly already has some good clues.
Thanks to all who attended our first session today - about to start Quantitative Legal Prediction w Dr. Daniel Katz
The bears got Tebow'd last night! I'm loving it.
the Gates will go down in history as real benefactors. But we have been to busy idolizing a false prophet.
What better way to celebrate Labor day than working. #usinno => One of joys of working with international organizations
because I'm not there!!
Doors just opened for Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real w/ Steelshot & Keith Driver!
"What'd you all think of Pink Champagne?? Yeah"💗#Champagne #Quote of the day.
Be MOTIVATED by LOVE!
Thanks for mentions and RTs
In honor of TN Library Day today, we will be tweeting some fun facts throughout the day about public libraries in TN.
Yeah, apparently Dr.Erotic wants to be my friend or something. My mom always hoped I'd end up with a Dr.
I hope you feel better, I used them frequently...sends best thoughts for you
I bet you sleep by now :P. Hit me up 2ma Ramona.
Awesome! Glad to have you! ": Just signed up for kickball on wednesday night with !"
Great to hear. Whenever I buy a bottle of good bourbon i think of you guys and the fall ball. Go Cats!
HOW TO WIN A SIGNED POSTED BY AUSTIN... At end of my video I will have a quiz. First 2 ppl that msg me with right answer on FB get one!!!
Thanks for RT
I love watching mi sister dance
I have very strong opinions on different types of sparkling water. Out white that bitches.
Since my leetle sister has no time this weekend were celebrating her birthday tn!!! <3 you jaimie happy early bday!:)
SMEs to fire up bond retail platforms
Well I guess I'm back. Twitter is def. the best way to find out news instantly. See my earlier tweet for why I abandoned the subway...
I had to online stalk for 3 weeks, but I'm finally in a 301 class. Graduation show on Sunday, July 1st @ noon. Mark it!
oh my GOD....becky look at her butt !!!
you really don't?!
Here's to Friday and great followers!
Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!
we are praying for you tonight at our youth & young service. God bless!
Great day for Commencement. Congrats UMUC grads!
I wouldn't do that to anyone. It's too good to spoil. Raid's next on my list.
I can only hope it is an April Fool's Day joke that Ashton Kutcher will play Steve Jobs in an upcoming movie. Think differently.
I'm not able to make it to the show can u bring me some joy too?
A common sign of vision loss is squinting or tilting your head to see clearly.
I'm not here to play games. I'm here to win.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back! Happy Seis de Mayo, amigo!
From here on out, everyday of my life will be a work of art. No more wasting time with things that don't matter to me.
teach and let that guide your decision.
Moving on to Facebook. Using a fan page for push communication in a course (online or f2f) is an interesting idea.
that #mahoment when you saw that noticed/tweeted and you start freaking out & start tweetin him as fast as you can ;D
Damn bitch looks like she puts on her make up at the #homedepot!
when I work out in my Japanese Batman tank I feel 10 times more badass.
Do work son!
what did you think of the Anna's Merlot?
Miss You Too !
There are plenty of reasons humanity should go to Mars, but I think the reasons are not the problem here
when is the networking event from?
Enter: The 'Blog-Up' Store – A New Take on Social Selling (Video)
we are doing good ... would you like to play your song on NIXA ?
I've never been happier about where #Fringe is headed plotwise, and never been sadder about its uncertain future.
It's always something, and no matter what I do or how hard I try, I still come out losing
What about Larry Fitzgerald? He's my hero! Do the braids affect Dudley's game?
I am so happy that I can still download my radio shows here.
no staying up for the Boondocks?!
:( wish I was at church right now
RT Playing with someone's emotions is a dangerous game..... so true
Some #Phillies fans, in an almost comically stereotypical fashion, told Werth that he deserved it, as he walked off field with broken wrist.
So many tv show tweets. I feel like you could just make one up and no one would know. Like: Ashley is such a backstabber!
The Will Be Accepting Pre-Orders For #vS Mixtape, Dropping Officially On March 30th! Get At Us For Details
playing with manning im sure is great and all but now You get to sack his ass! GL man
Snow patches linger, Melting brightly in the sun: Inauguration.
well said. Also dems incld. Obama need to improve campaign message in 2012
Are Bengals the favorite in AFC North now with Suggs injury?
Praying tomorrow will be a better day for my wonderful mom who should never feel pain, my cousin Blane & my own brain will be pain free.
Getting ready to play around with the Citizen Archivist Dashboard and #NationalArchives Tagathon !
Some people make promises just to buy more time, so don't believe it until you see it.
Josh is going to change his body for a role.
you plan on skipping? lol. im a senior and have 8 days left! all this week and through wednesday of next
She really has no idea about anything. It's aggravating.
always prepared 4 anything
I'm pretty sure I told you this last week...
Fever still going strong & my pain is intensifying.
Yeah.. Ahahah thanks (; She said she pulled me out of school.. But I think she was trying to scare me. My lifes complicated
I hate longwinded ass ppl
hahahaha how are you :)
Headed to the W Downtown for dinner with the girls
~+-~|~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Out of those 3, I have the most respect for Mo. Cano, not really, Jeter I just can't.
fml you're so undeniably attractive. i pity me & the other 21 million beliebers, we'll never get you. :(
DMs sent with the discount codes
can I ask you something?
I so didn't email you like I was supposed to, but I did block out my Sunday though! LOL. What time tomorrow and where?
Check this out and #RT !!!! I guess u can call her my cuz but here she is singin talking to the moon -
What's the password for your wifi?
I'm the kind of guy who listens to DJ Khaled yell for the first min and a half of a song and hit skip once people start rapping.
I'm totally sticking this week to lose the annoying 2 pounds so I can be 1_0 flat lolol.
I'm putting out a pan to catch the dripping sarcasm. :)
Looks about right!
Thanks to our #FF friends !
I know, but it's hard to understand
You can't promote family values by preventing people from forming families.
good 5. I got clips, Rex, con, ill, and head ice. That's my starting five. Its different every six months. Bodybag!
I just want to take you and run away.
In the beginning of the first Jersey shore they called Snooki, Snickerz
Every day, right after 2 pm ET, the Midday Recipe of the Day -- look for it
Don't blame the bus driver...bring the ruckus drunk? GTFO!
somehow I'm wide awake this morning
"Angels Cry" - The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus :3
“: Many of you know I'm predicting the #Giants will win. This isn't because I hate the #Packers or #CM3” But you DO!! LOL
Excited like whoa that lots of pretty ladies will be out in full force tonight in Anna Chich Jewelry and Danielle Pettee dresses!
nice, your right. But both countries are drawing down. Lol i am a marine.. And just got back...
Whether or not people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it.
I love you, Dennis Haskins! You know I'm voting for you for DWTS!
How are you? It's been a while huh? What's the skinny miss missy?
Everyone should come out to my Final Vocal Performance Show On March 16th at 7 pm :) at Musicians Institute!!
Shout Out To Him Every Body Follow,Him He Gives Shoutouts And He Follows .
how about peer-to-peer recognition? Staff can share on chalkboard in galleries: "Things our staff members say about one another"
roger dat! Imma up you 100. Lol. Got it waiting for ya when u get to the bay.
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces the #deficit & increases personal liberty. Please back #poker in Senate!
the moral of the #oscars is if Marty Scorsese keeps making films, we'll be able to continue to present Oscars.
discussing live how community grieves a sudden death even through empathy as a parent #askTVDr your questions about grief.
I have you covered!! RT Lol if we can find a 7 foot hoop.
DBANning my old MacBook to sell it. Rubbery trackpads seems so primitive now
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do you speak Spanish?
I been doing good. Trying to make it up here. How are you? How are things there?
It is disrespectful and karmically binding to use our voice in a way that takes people's power away.
oh sorry. I wasn't informed!
Scroggy: "it was a tough decision. I thought it over once for about 15 seconds before ultimately deciding to return."
At least my bacon is perfectly burned.
Why Do (Women)Folks Think... its ok to be more than 250 pounds with a tramp stamp. that shit aint cute
If it's about technology and politics, pitch me.
well, the earth is flat so it's a possibility
A line for the men's room and no line for the women's just doesn't sound right.
i love my twitter friends, i wish i had more<3
Over a friggin box you claiming the snitch code.
RT "Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength." - Corrie Ten Boom
heard that.
when they point the finger, point them to the mirror b
You better be watching from your lucky chair!
New word coined on the spot by : irresponsive. It occurred in the midst of a thick
Like one posted, "I'd totally blow him."
You made me smirk and narrow my eyes. You must know you're in so much trouble.
why you mad bro? Ahahaha
I wish I were - I have to work. I'm also rehearsing every night. Coffee/chocolat chaud one morning?
I totally agree with the DILF comment!
@ Real Estate School! Then time to Tan and start my friday :)
Happy February!
Working on Mobile App idea for client. What mobile app do you like best for a company?
Who's ordering in tonight?! We deliver! #seamlessweb #delivery.com #grubhub #nycdinner or try our #grouponnow for $10 pizza
One pratcie I saw work successfully for clothing lines is in the summer, cut back in costs by printing on thinner t-shirts
Achoo! Someone said "holidays" -- don't you guys know I'm allergic to holidays?
Last year I made a "pake" - chocolate cake surrounding a cherry pie or the "cher" in cherpumple. I shared some with
Remember: "Where ever you go, there you are." -Buckaroo Banzai
We would like to thank for fueling all of our late night rehearsals. You guys kill it!!
I can break my neck lol
That you are, sir. That you are.
Going to Crow. Wish me luck!
love it.
I almost lost my lunch. My people should stick to vino and pizza.
I've about had it with these damn Disney movies
Back in NM, halfway home. 3 more hours to go!
We hope everyone has a fun, safe, and exciting spring break!
yeah I think we'll be set on rebounding. Me you and that dude that played on our team last thursday.
you rock my world by just seeing you dance on stage next to melanie! Its incredible :)
When it gets to the point in a relationship where you are arguing everyday and it starts to get physical
Aww! Thank you!
Yes. By and large I think it is a terrible idea.
Just finish my donut , now I meet to loose 5 lb hahahaha
Welcome to the #Pirates!
I agree. For beats its hard to beat the FL Studio x Reason x Pro Tools combo.
Bouncy rain in webster. Ahh western my we get all the weathers, sometimes in one day.
Today's business spam from China concluded with "Please Let your interpreter call me if you want to conclude the cooporation." Bold.
we are working on the WishList. Thank you for the feedback.
#Spurs swatting the Hornets tonight! My family originated in New Orleans but tonight it's
Sky moon stars thats where im at
Tweeps, what's new?
I want u to his give a try. You will not know how you truly feel unless u try it
You can still be at a bachelor party and hit the sports book! :)
Is your last name Campbell? because you're mm m good.😉
Thanks for the intro at
Just waiting for the UFC Santos vs Velasquez fight to start
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE:D
RT : no joy this morning :(
RT : , thanks ever so much for the unicorn egg!! I shall raise him/her to be the greatest unicorn ever
Jeff Teague has bounce
THIS. RT“: We gotta raise our kids right, we gotta get them used to gorgonzola.”
RT : No ones going to " GIVE" u anything. U want something? Go get it.
How did that hair get so high up on the shower wall?
Hey girl, text me back. :)
profile pic has gone retro in honor of the best hockey jerseys of the 90s
I know, I was very torn, in the end I went with black.
That meek mill mix-tape is tough...
Went to longhorn to trade in cookies for a salad but they were eBay :(
you better!
CANT WAIT TO HEAR #SAYSOMTHING AH FAN GIRLING OVER HERE!!!!!! LKJSFDFDKJFDJIOAJISDIPAS
It's nice to know. But where are the (re)building plans? Are we getting a New Capital City or a glorious Tent City for this sum?
My laugh is annoying.
OK, not to sound too stupid, but what's a DM?
District governor Munandi Suresh from Bangalore is here sharing their projects. As a district they have collected 40,000 units of blood.
I have oscars opening, and is out of town!
RT Win $500 and a trip to San Francisco! Design a T-shirt for the Summit 2012
#MOSDOHevent Dr. Craig Halliday encourages collaboration and partnerships. Excited in becoming a part of ATSU and the Kirksville community.
I hate breaking promises too :'/
ah me too!
Pretending you're the host of a cooking show, when you're home alone cooking.
Headed to see tonight. Love stand-up!
Took a date home way late, Her dad asked me to come inside. Said he had something for me. It was 2 black eyes & a broken nose
relaxing then heading to my best Marys house for the evening :)
Good morning.... It is almost C-mas did u do something to ur home for a gift? wwwvcassociates.net
Click LIKE if you could get down on some green chile soup right about now...
Good morning!!! Another great week ahead
Thanks for the offer! How can we best contact you?
What would college be without days where stress is high and you cant seem to wake up?? It's just all part of the the life...
If man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and apes?
TOUCHDOWN!! #gopack #GoPackGo under review.... Refs better not mess this up...
The Silk Tie likes Bill! thesilktie.com
hey im in a debation as to whether or not the coffee thief is worthy of coffee?
Battle Los Angeles = Poop. Details on the blog.
ahem just to let you know... We are married... haha
HAVE FUN ♡
I could not agree more :-).
I keep feeling like there's school tomorrow! :(
Toastmaster Speech Contest April 9th @ the VA hospital. Come see others compete. It's fun and motivating!
pls do share with others and if possible do share ur story with us as well :)
Last call for crafters in the #NetworkingUncommons at
this S.A.T. scandal is startin to get more out of hand
Treated myself to new CD and MetaMaus by Hard to believe: 20 years since I fell in love with these artists.
Beauty and the Beast will be performed live at Buell Theatre starting March 14. Who plans on going?
thankful each day it's blue skies and sunny here :)
YES! // RT : working on my first blog post for Be sure to follow with Twitter, FB, and RSS feed. Stay tuned.
🎤Making my way downtown walking fast, faces pass and I'm home bound *hums to the beat* 🎤
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Emerson
yea them boys nice
: Rushers! Elevate a little higher;Let's throw a party in the sky! It's Big Time Ticket Weekend! Hope to see you on tour! ht ...
Yes! Only 100 more likes on Facebook and we will release a demo! We love all of you!
Yeah,love babe.
4 more years! 4 more years!
The Bulls should def go after Steve Nash
Vlogging w/ at 2:00am is one of my favorite things to do! <3 Now going to bed. Can't wait for the #beach tomorrow!
SCREEN ON THE COW TONIGHT RAIN OR SHINE!!! GIDDY UP!
I hope the Badger defense shows up soon.
Hi there, how are things with you?
Girl in gold dress at table 22 is hot, big-hearted and we want her to meet cute guys. Come say hi.
my biggest fear: not being a successful man & having this degree go to waste... worse than jason or mike myers on my neck
- HUGE TY 2 u 4 cmg out 2 Shoot to Cure HD event fri nite! We greatly appreciate u doing live-shots during 6pm cast.
WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM
Glad we have our priorities right. #Pinkslime was mentioned almost 100,000 times on Twitter last month.
Attention LBT mamis! xQsí would like to feature you! Contact for more details
Show your customers some much deserved love with an "underground" class, open only 2 those who receive your newsletter or sign-up in person!
Just get a Facebook, weirdo.
Always a fair question. RT : How can you represent all of the people if you don't respect all of the people?
DANG IT. The internet turned back on. 😒
Chris Brown was all too winded to be singing that whole time! SOMEBODY is playin some type of game here...lmao!!!
RT We do what we must, and call it by the best names - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I wish
Feeling my pumped up kicks this weekend.... Hello Friday! :)
Missed #DWTS yesterday so trying 2 catch-up on my laptop from player. Picture herky-jerky & can't escape the commercials. Annoying.
I'm hoping for a #49'ers win today! Otherwise it's just an east coast #Superbowl. BORING!
Well hey, you!
Anybody can lower prices--but can you raise the quality of the products & services you offer?
The new album sounds great. You should come play in the SF Bay Area. would be a perfect venue for you.
Today is a waste of a day. Get me to the weekend !
Man Graphics take a long time to Render Geeesh!!!
Attempting some map work--and trying to read hundreds of DH tweets--on
The induction stove at #noisebridge is the dumbest technology ever!
Gettin ready to fly those friendly skies again...
Is it really Friday? Do I really get my first day off in three weeks tomorrow??
Nah, there aren't that many people who watch MSNBC RT Pew: 17% of Americans get no news daily
Happy Veteran's Day y'all!! We're serving up caramel apple cider for our double punch drink of the day. Come by and see us!
Wow an agency reached out to me about representing me 👱
Want to help make a difference in Tanzania, South Africa, & Uganda? You can donate $ to VIA programs on our website visionsinaction.org
Congrats on the DPOY award! You have balled hard since your rookie year.
Friday special All 8th are $30
Leaving for the doctor's here in like 10 minutes. :/ Make sure I bring my mp3!
Kim, thanks for connecting! How are you? Matthew
RT : can you give a hint? > we make golf clubs, too>yet to see my free set > 5 yr=tees, 10 yr=ball markers, 15=balls, 20=clubs
Writing songs like crazy.
#np Anaconda Sniper - Title Fight
I want 1 of them slushies from McDonalds....im too lazy to walk up there n too lazy to walk to my car, I need my delivered
Maryland Film Festival, Flowermart, and Kinetic Sculpture Race all in one weekend? !!? #Baltimore might just explode with fun!
I don't mind so much that Romney was a dick in high school. It's his total lack of empathy as adult that's the problem.
When someone actually understands you
Wow, that was a hell of a plane ride...
one more reason to come see me in Portland, Heather.
i had to make a new account i couldnt log into my other one
Ha! Indeed.
what is the vigil for??
Taco Tuesdays! $2 select tacos, $2 Mystery Shots, $2 Modelo Especial, Tecate, Dos XX Bring on the FUN!
I have not seen you in FOREVER!! Hope you are well!! I would love to catch up!!!
VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM FOR THE MOST FAST ACTING HAIR GROW PRODUCTS ON THE MARKET
2 more days of actual school!
My prayers are with you and your family.
These kids in I Know What You Did Last Summer have poor decision making skills.
Hi - it was good to run into you at ! I'm off to hide in the grad dungeon.
RT : Hey LA! We're throwing a party on Fri & need a DJ. Tweet links @ us. We'll pay you and get you drunk.
Wonderful evening with my Bible Study siestas ...good food...great conversations and a fun gift exchange! ...
Ain't in no hurry, I'd be a fool now to worry about all those things I can't change.
looks great. Don't see detailed ingredients on the site. Can you get me that? I will subscribe
Aww, thanks, Ed! So nice :)
": if you SMOKE cigarettes. Please do not get in people face and TALK...you are the RUDEST people in the world..."
Lena Dunham, where have you been all my life?!
yeah I will thanks (: I got great friends
I have a #tebowner right now.
More Breaking News said my $12 food voucher can be traded for elastic band & some bubble gum to get our plane in the air Chewing now!
: "I believe in free people." Yes! In white, male, straight, cisgendered, Catholic, conservative, American-born people!
Yeah, just don't want to come off as one. Trust me, I'd rather see the A's in the playoffs then Texas.
NICE! Love it :D
Guess who hates rain! THIS GIRL.
Planning our next event, are you on our list? Sign up at MiamiPudding.com to receive invites for all the parties
We’re seeking Marylanders who want to share reaction on Komen's Planned Parenthood reversal. Email Matt Brown at
Who is your overall favorite character from either GA or PP, as far as the complete character development since the beginning?
I bet could convince me to do a lot of things.
Too many teen pregnancies, too many single parents...so let's ban birth control
follow my new twitter...
Thank you for supporting me :D
Sloppiest game ever
Kenny Chesney/Tim McGraw ticket giveaway this Saturday! Suburban Cowboys live at MICKEY FINNS in Libertyville!
I'm so hungry!
Who got a extra tmobile phone they dont wont
I think if you had the dream, it mean you're due a visit to US! :)
When you dream of me tonight, am I close to where you are?
#FourWheelDrives - Melloy Dodge offers a wide array of 4x4 trucks and SUV's. Don't spend Winter spinning your wheels. Buy a new 4x4 Dodge!
In brightest day,in blackest night, No evil shall escape my sight Let those who worship evil's might, Beware my power,Green Lantern's light!
heyy welcome to the world of twitter.
Twitter Fans. March 17th is Houston's Attractions Next Concert and April 29th. Artist will be announced by the end of the week. Stay tuned!
because I stayed in hiding until it grew out... ;)
Traffic headed south on 185th at Baseline is all messed up due to train crossing signal malfunction. TriMet & WCSO on scene
oh worrd yea same here wen u plan on headn out we need a nice vegas weekend wen we get ova there
or time travel. I'd go visit my great-grandma and listen. or skip ahead to a society with a greater knowledge of quantum mechanics.
Coloring like I used to when I was 10.
and there is a great ice cream place near Notre Dame
A "master class" in Redding this afternoon! How interesting, I don't think of myself as a "master", rather just a guy trying to write the n
ok it's not me. They also said they were two other ppl. Think about it, they can lie.
2nd CITIZEN: Answer every man directly.
yes!!! Sorry I'll be in touch soon!
Can you please follow me guys follow back :D <3
Finally home from Nashville! Made the Fashion Show & Got 2 spend time with a friend and spluge on shiner and pizza at Sams!
Knitting while tipsy is a little challenging...just a little 😊
I'm in Florida.
Come on #KU. Get your act together.
We're performing several times during the charity performance at the Palace. No gigs in Hammersmith at the mo :/
Just as I get off twitter, gets on and talks to fans. #boo 😢
Sixers win 82-81. Take game 2 series tied 1-1!!!!! Coming back to philly watch out Boston
Biking to work: Car swerves. I swerve. I hit huge pothole. U-lock flies of bike. Hummer runs over it. Happy Monday.
Our darkest moments only last as long as you allow them to...be FREE...so you can live the life God desires for you to live. AMEN
would love to go to the beach
Did he die momentarily?
where's rvip now?
Good luck with the home shopping: avoid the ones touting "great view of passing trains"
6 mins til the bell rings... I hate getting here early -______-
I COULD B UR GURLFRIEND ;))) no jk seriously hay.
all the hectors in el paso are gona form a mob and fuck you up adriana -.-t
You guys help me trend #letAustinwalk He isnt allowed to walk at graduation bc he was taking care of his mother who has breast cancer :(
Download the New Twitter Picture
I feel like that last tweet is how feels about me sometimes! Haha
. You came in a close second, but was a tad faster.
We could keep going back and forth about this but the 140 character limit is just annoying me at this point. I get ya, though.
Thanks for the follow Paola!
Go listen to our new track on our Facebook! :) Share with friends! Also, you may have to re LIKE us cause Facebook is being dumb and dropped
hahaha you'd think they know how to spell the name of one of their most loyal customers!
RT At the jackelope! come n drink
Moving on to #islamophobia now. Join us for a live chat/live stream event from kcet.org/socal911
“ Just Friends TBS. Friday night party. ” dude me and were just watching that #Underated good luck tomorrow!
aw imy2 :( txt me?
Why didn't I know about this magazine? Well, I do now.
Yes! Soc media can foster learning esp by prompting curiosity, desire to explore, sense of play
Josh Hamilton 4 HR 8 RBI and 18 total bases? I like to see him hit 74 and get rid of Bonds........
everyone having a good week so far? make coming home happier - have us clean while you're at work! www.pghgreenclean.com
i should be an artist!
Thanks, Steven--appreciate your thoughts.
What do you figure our philosophy is on the oline? Are we still building primarily to zone block?
when is mb commeng back to nyc?
you could come spend the night with me when i get home? :)
Happy Friday, All!
Thanks for the welcome!
#Wow (AP) -- Munch's `The Scream' fetches record $119,900,000 at NYC auction.
“: that's y I luv libraries. Luckily Philly gained few bookstores over the years but still have 60% high school graduation rate
I know its not but that sounds funny :)
posse to the burger stand.
thank goodness for PNG24
Now that is something useful!
Yee those girls! Bro I was mad when I watched it. The bitch was pulling hair not even giving the other bitch a chance to hit.
Oh well. It's nothing a double espresso can't take care of.
Work it harder, make it better, do it faster, makes us stronger More than ever hour after our work is never over. - Daft Punk
watching "White Chicks" starring Shawn and movie still cracks me up!
I'll help you press charges against for 3rd Degree Misdemeanor Movie Confusion. Any chance you work near asbestos?
ash posted that greatest picture everr!(: ://instagr.am/p/Kt1MNrt0td/
Yup, there's also a mouse in my wall.
I'd love to play pickup with LBJ, then I could take the last shot MT Two Hall of Famers on the court and Mario Chalmers shoots...
We’ve found that tamales are perfect for those cool spring mornings. And afternoons. And evenings. Try it for yourself.
Martin HAS to go in the offseason. I swear I can't watch him get burned once (er...four) times a game anymore
didja solve the "I AM AMERICAN" one yet? ^jw
haha it was back in my #rockstar days. i've never been more stressed out while driving there. did that probably 6 or 7 times.
hearing that "the Sassano" at has been re-signed for the 2012 season. turkey's everywhere are not happy...
the way shannny is handling playoff suspensions is absolutely embrassing. The is a joke
Wow.. Durant. ... Lake show turned no show?..
maybe just an all-American dipshit.
S: What do you do here? Doctor: I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you. S: That would be tremendously ambitious of you.
no problem glad to have u aboard
I've got Blink 182 tickets. Everybody reach deep and connect with your inner "34 year old dude that dresses like a teen"
my om made me change my phone number cause i went over $81 smh
you're a doll. i think she's luckier to have a sister who spoils her at fred segal.
RT : Yeah, I'm not alone, because God is with me!!! It's a big truth... Thanks #WeAreRansom Many Blessings to you!
Follow Me
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Maya Angelou
Ha! What a wonderful day !
Me too! RT : - She is a THUG in a cocktail dress ! makes me laugh every time .. :)
Wit da GOO-Night Crew n dirty lil hamster chellz again fina c what we get into Ah Goo- night Lmao!
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
I don't know wat it is that you've done to me, but its caused me to act in such a crazy way.
Sorting books.Maybe I'll purge the last terrible titles titles from PhD quals! Notes on the State of Virginia, anyone?The Castle of Otranto?
RT this kid said his iPhone was getting fixed lmao haha I think I know who ur talking about
Out of context, or blaming the poor for own poverty? RT : Procrastination is the cornerstone of all poverty. -Larry Zimberg
thank you Sean.
swag swagtag-swag
I told my boyfriend he was bad in bed so he banged me on the coffee table
man...why don't you!
haha really? Omg I would of died if I was there
Please cut chalmer after dis game
It’s time for #BattleTrack again on Friday! Our resident (HipHop) vs. (House)!
Such a meh day.
it's Halloween! Isn't there some sort of large office party involving intricate costume contest?
Burnt BLT is unappetizing and demoralizing.
Chicago, you ought to go see this weekend at Lincoln Hall. They're fantastic.
Oh hi, I'm gonna be a dumb ass and pierce myself without reading up on it or even know what the fuck i'm doing.
Congrats to on his 5 year!
We want to thank Food 4 Less for their support & generous dontaion to this years peace festival!!!
#favetny Why is the force still with us? By John Seabrook
Happiness is a warm poodle. (I don't know what the poodle's happiness is.)
wow hahaha i wonder wat was the matter with him he was all sad??????hm......
Chris Bosh Jst Shattered They Whole Damn Career With One Dunk!😁
This means that the brand names need to be the main focal point to make the consumer aware.
Chipper Jones with the walkoff homer! The BEST game so far this season.
Do me a favor the next time you drink any bottled water look on the bottle and ask yourself why does water have a expiration date?
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair, & Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited
of course! Saturday is going to be filled with nervousness
I stink so.
Yeah it looks like a child put that plate together.
ZOMG SO NICE OUTSIDE
My twitter feed has become a silent golf outing thanks to I forgot how much I disliked golf.
Thanks for the offer, Digital Products Proprietor. Let me consult an Information Superhighway Constable and get back to you. With a grenade.
I hate Steven Tyler so much. He dresses so womanly. Ew.
Seriously OMG I'm choking to death.
Can it be summer when I wake up..?
I'm suppose to be doing homework but #lifeclass and has my total attention.
330 is locked
Dennis Hopper`s son.
I just hope WWE doesn't drop the ball on Antonio, he's too talented to be wasted.
At the studio. Hoorah! :)
Is the REO Goldrush small guys looking to strike it rich or the Commercial Investors getting richer?
The index of refraction of a material is the ratio of the velocity of light in a vacuum to that in the material: n = c/v
It's never too late to retweet something that you like. :-D Thanks!
Dad just left to virginia and washington dc for a couple of days again . ._.
Blue suede shoes stay crispy like bacon
NP :) Thanks for the nice blog post about your experiences w/ Social Justice Camp!
i can't wait to see this movie!!
excuses include: i hate crowds, too much money, too many tourists, cant get time off, etc...
It is a way to drive science forward. Sometimes the ends justify the means - though I try not to think that way.
LUNCH SPECIAL - Roasted Beet Salad on a bed of mixed greens with bleu cheese, candied walnuts, cucumber, onions and an orange vinaigrette.
hey girl, do you know if your job is hiring???
Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.
ALL TEENS!! TONIGHT!! HUGE TEEN NIGHT AT CLUB MANSION!! ONLY $5 TO GET IN ALL NIGHT LONG!! DOORS OPEN AT 7!!!
How much sanitizer is carried during some of the tours you take? LOL. I have gloves, wipes, etc.....
Top tips for your Social Media: Think of social media as a conversation rather than a marketing vehicle, join in, work smart!
Etymological happy of the day: RT : The old Greek word "anarkhos" doesn't mean "no rules"—it means "no rulers."
what are you talking about
RT : tremendous respect for the and #HillaryClinton, surprised by how badly the #Chen incident has been handled
Great event at Aceituna! Hope everyone enjoyed their free lunch :)
Wow how many times is Rep. Weiner going to apologized about having cyber love! He should be asking God for forgiveness!
Ally & I have decided to start splitting most restaurant meals. Reducing cost & consumption. Only problem: we have to agree on something.
"A little faith will bring your soul to heaven, but a lot of faith will bring heaven to your soul."
Angie I have 2 proms to prepare for! One is THIS Friday and I don't even know who's doing my hair and make up! So yes me :(
RT if you want to meet (:
I swear ever since I moved out of 's house I never use twitter.
What helps people, helps business. Leo Burnett
I'd like to see that! RT BREAKING NEWS: the cats do not like it when i do the "hammer horror" dance at them.
Every Rashad Evans fight is boring. Esp. since he got KTFO'ed by Machida. He's played things very safe since then.
The lucky one Is probably my new favorite Nichols sparks book <3
I miss you dear. Come back to me.
Wizards Guild tonight with ! No Cover. We open at 9.
SO that means im starting an early weekend
Me, too -- but where are they? Can you hear something I can't?
it's great! Thank you again so much! We need to get together soon! :)
Saddened by the attacks on Judge Sumi. She is a good, fair judge and preserved the status quo until she could hold a full hearing.
#YouMightBeAHoodratIf your mother has a gold nose ring and a 40 in her right hand inside a brown paper bag.
Going down town
Injure Toney in practice so he cant play. Do the team that favor. Dude cant shoot, and shoots too damn much. Brutal
is having to learn to expect the expected
Your time to shine Verizon. 4 DROID s down I better get a free I phone 10 am Thurs. Show me what you got!
How good can this figgy pudding really be?
eek! Sorry I'm not there! Call after work?
I don't know which airport I'm leaving from, but I do know I need to finish packing
it's actually the best thing for it. Just make sure you drink lots and lots of water!
starting at 3pm stokeberry hot wings! Buy a cold brew and mention you follow us on twitter and the wings are on me!
They've never said that... They are forever saying fuck.
Ladies come join us for the viewing of Basketball Wives Reunion pt2 at 8pm!
#nowplaying: What Makes You Beautiful - :-)
I just earned the True Yelper badge on #Yelp!
Just talking about this week though. Sure don't want to be anywhere near here in Winter!
thanks - following now (from a long time f guru subscriber)
I almost want it to be a Dodge Stratus, because of the old SNL sketch. I feel it would maximize hilarity.
I'm so sad. RIP Whitney. You're among many others that are "gone too soon". We'll miss you
When will we ever learn
Hello Zach!
wats good? What u got comin out?
excited to meet you at the #loveyou event! gonna be so much love on Thursday!
anything from Eef Barzelay. Currently going through my Clem Snide albums
Live music tonight with Kelly Riley. Starts at 7!
OK #histtech #art #twitterstorians & others: What's the earliest CONFIRMABLE date for use of a staple gun to stretch a painting canvas?
Us too-sad the season is over, but happy to reclaim the space RT Operation Christmas take down was a success today...whoohoo!
will get in lockstep and flame them for this? Not a chance. They are the biggest bunch of pussies in the world.
And Grossman says thank you! And holy fuck!
Let's purpose it to Pete and Talia! Jk, too scared
out of work
Bitch, imma shank you!
Apparently since today, I will be eating healthy. Hard Challenge but can't lose the job.
Happy Birthday fellow Taurean!
hi I was Just wondering if you were looking for a co owner?
Meeting time! Wish me luck :)
still wondering why she looks like that?
mine doesn't have that demo :/
I'm gonna fuck niggas ears up!
Even tho he can get on my nerves at time but thats still my bby
u gonna go to pre season SD game?
I'm holding on to something that use to be there, hoping it will come bak but knowing it won't.
AP Chem Exam
Waqtchn top 100 videos i member all des songs lmao
Thx for coming, hope to cu again soon! RT : Just finished nice early brunch in Now heading to BWI.
I haven't had quiche since I moved!! I need to get on that. I guess I'll have to make another trip to Boston...
American university interview!
Every song in Juno makes me so happy
where you from?
So I'm emailing prospects for interviews and have this strong urge to write "may the odds be ever in your favor" to close out the letters!
The sleeping schedule he made for us >> lol
RT : If you lost meds & need assistance with getting them replaced, go to a Red Cross Shelter.
There was now Rose and Noah injury this series. Bad news for the 76ers.
wings are going downn. it's the sharks year
Overhearing techies fight over seating at
Doing great thx! We haven't talked in awhile been so busy!
It's been a long week, but episode 2 is online. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
Question for everyone: what is the one thing your spouse could do that would lead you to ask for a divorce?
"Hello Steve, my name is Bruce Banner. Did you order a pizza?" BOW CHIKKA WOW WOW
Please follow me!:D
hahaha you're the best!
presenting at Charlotte Chamber Survive and Thrive Mint Museum. Great presentation, thank you.
that's what they all say...
hey tony v don't pull an Amare 2 day I love the cafe
ya! hey!
Would take me 2 hours to get there one way! I think not.
RT : RT : #NLCAtlanta hosts Cocktails for a Cause this Thursday. You don't want to miss this great event...
I added a lil hip hop to one of your songs that I love "Crawl" It'd be fun someday to do a collab for real.
Thanks for mentioning me! :-)
well we tried and we were close to winning the #popoff :( but were still gonna get a ustream :D
I feel like a young business entrepreneur traveling so much! Heading back out to California for the weekend for class and training!Let's Go!
#IHate when my boyfriend leaves me in the morning :(
I'm amazed by how many grad applicants have 3+ undergrad transcripts! And from all over the place.
Thnx bro!... I'm always looking for new work. Want to expand my #freelancephotography mos definitely. Let me know...
Waiting for vasquez to finish doing the work so I could copy after. Yeeheeheesss!
you should come to my house(:
Going on the at WAMU in a minute or two to talk about the #VA #ultrasound legislation.
Preparing for the #RookieDebut, is meeting the PS Team:
#BlackFriday sale extended for the weekend! Grab a t-shirt before they're gone!
#FF Shout out 2 , 1persistant player, , 1 classy coach, , 1 good coach with too many b's & r's.
#NCAA tournament is always one fun time of year. These kids don't get paid and most of them don't make it to the NBA
On this Easter weekend pretty sure a world without chips & salsa would be called hell
Dropbox is a GREAT app!!! Also look at Auditorium and MobileNoter (if you have MS OneNote)
Guys when a girl says she doesn't want a present for any holiday, that's when you do buy her something really nice.... :/
to cute
Ellen finished and Annie's on the road!
I'm really protective about my family.
Will the #Yankees make it? 2K Sports Names Detroit Tigers’ Pitcher, Justin Verlander, as Cover Athlete for Major League Baseball® 2K12
So stoked Mad Magazine finally has an app in the newsstand store. Issues are way cheaper too. The lighter side of killing time!
Tomorrow on the history channel I'm watching the movie THE KENNEDYs.
yes. My dad had surgery today.
We will be partnered with our distributor soon!!!! Hop on Top everywhere!
not if they have to pay for EVERYTHING and more then 2 dudes are getting the box
Celebrity takeover going great! Esp love the pics is posting on
I will make the most if my life :)
Word Nikki. Rob is a cool interview.
Watching last season of Hell's Kitchen. I just can't get enough of Gordon Ramsey.....hehe
So glad to hear it! We're creating a zinc/titanium formula that will be available this season. Stay tuned for updates!
mai's...still dependably good. too bad prices have gone up.
We all have time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Others take us forward, they're called dreams.
Science Daily: Growing up on a farm directly affects regulation of the immune system, study
So true! > RT "The best characters have inner conflict and a major character flaw. But we love them anyway. #writingtip"
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?
Oh Really. Lmao. Good Morning to You Girl.
I'm on my phone!!!! I'm using it as a light source!!!
what the?! you deserve a few cookies for that :)
More tweets!
right backatcha babe ❥
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
Oh how I love Spotlight in Mac OS X Lion. I'd rip my hair out without it. And you don't want to see that.
New career services listing Urban Employ: Univ. of N. Alabama and Mary Baldwin College
Haha nah all good!! Over it.. We'll chill this summer!
4/11 Seeing & @ The Ark in Ann Arbor. If you're in the area, stop by!!
Love love love your riding boots, gorgeous inventory, much success in Great Neck, I lived there til age 16, lost the accent ThG!
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Gandhi
This weekend we are recording vocals and finishing the record! The time has finally come. It's going to blow you away, I can guarantee it.
Long time no see. Will see tonight.
hey shane!! Help me make a friends dream come true vote for her to win teen hoot! #thankssomuch! Love u!
kathleen parker says people want polarization not #civility -- people want biting heads off chickens maybe -- marketplace
Tell us about your day :)
why don't you lose weight and let black people live
I think I should be Arise's photographer. What do you think ?
She pulls double duty now, show before and after
Good moring Alex hope you have a good day
thx! I heard about that after signing up for Stampede. I'll be asking how it was...good luck :)
Time for scandal
RT : 30% of mobile advertisement viewers indicate they would base a buying decision on the ad they see.
excited! is our 1st verified follower. thx 4 the luv- hopefully u can join us @ the 3rd Beyond Borders: Diversity in Cannes forum!
R.I.P. Charlie Van Der Beek. James' little brother.
Ohh nice :) New clothes?
Andre im boredd .
I probably do know someone named bill Yates
Q4)follow those outside your "comfort zone", you never know what you might learn
. yep is about to get to that point with
#VMware - Who do you know that is technically proficient in #CLT, #Charlotte --
Yay! Braxton Family Values is 1 of my new fave shows! Some parts remind me of my sisters lol, 3 of us! :D RT : ...Dido
ah i thought she might have kicked the team out of the league or something
lol, one of those meac jobs would be nice. I'd love to get in the CIAA
Seth Smith is on Fire
I thought that was a type of frijolés. Lol.
Just downloaded Instagram. Why didn't I jump on this sooner?
i like natural peanut butter, the kind that you have to stir.
Hey!! I just noticed you made it to the top 20. I will for sure vote for you again!!
now romeo and juliet bet they never felt the way we felt bonnie and clide never had to hide like we do..we do(:
if you got some extra trucks laying around all I got are decks now
“I will advocate to improve the quality of life for our community members. We must develop programs and offer opportunities to first time...
7pm tonight Broadcasting a Big Time Big North Hockey battle between Wayne Valley and Northern Highlands on MSG VARSITY!!!!
good question..yeah seems that area is a dead zone..i always have to lock to the fence next to lovely bake shop
Boozer just shut your fucking mouth! U had this series to show u can step up and be a leader! Yet you couldn't even put the team on ur back
I no longer rush through life. I let go of my ego, and relax and savor each moment. I know everything I want is on it's way to me.
ain't that the sad truth j/k cuz. You know I love you(r) momma lmao
Blasting Dubstep Playing Links Awakening.
Dribble with the Suns contest by on its 53rd? hour. Guys dribbling for a road trip for 2 days straight
tomorrow!!! Cannot wait!! #totalBandGeek #Percussionist<3
Niggas still got flip phones?
thank u for that Laurie!
I think the Heat gave it all they had left in em, Blah, Blah,Blah....
had one I believe. RT : Does anyone have a recipe for a good ginger cake? Little bit of spice but still sweet?
We're glad you loved the food AND the place! See you again soon. RT : I especially loved the atmosphere!
yo when do u fly home this week? I just landed in DC for meetings. Staying at our house this weekend.
Just got to the battles with the crew stay tuned im goin tell yall more
Hey! Let me know how the #ProjectAcceptance pieces look after you get them tonight? #pleaseandthankyou :)
HA!!! Yes 100% my fault there. :-( I am ashamed.
it does happen to be made of rice krispy treats so I don't think it will get very far under its own power...
I have no idea, but they were sweet jeans!
I'm gonna go outside tomorrow & take a picture from that same angle so you can compare the shape of the trees, I can make u a believer🙌
RT Hello! I am in Boston. I use twitter to learn and network with educators.
I wish my high school would have had Jamming my shoulder pads into a small locker became a daily geometry problem.
Just second guessed Aron Ralston's pulley technique from my couch, after enjoying dinner with an adult beverage.
Freaky Friday the 13th: Risk returns to market | eastdenverlacrosse ...
its amasin, plus you don't want to be on the wanna be cool team with and #hifi >
You're already #1 on the iTunes comedy album chart. Bet it feels good.
I love TEOG video. Just when you think you know her she goes and does something simple and beautiful.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men who cause they been writing to you for a year or more, act like they know you...& don't know how to act!
20 Piece McDonald's Nuggets > Denver Nuggets
I can totally see that
Apparently last night, at least one of my cats had some party that involved scattering tea bags on the basement stairs.
Just saw Cabin In The Woods and I was happy I went in spoiler free! Fun movie & there were only 4 other people in the theatre.
Taking some BO-BERRY BISCUITS to my meeting with Obama today y'all! Thought it might distract him from eating my POODLE!
Welcome to CostCo. I love you.
>>>> Waking up to 20 emails not knowing if they are good news, bad news, or neutral news
I'm only gonna break your heart.
whats the link i got u righ now
IF THIS CHILD DNT GET UGH!!!!!!!! TWEET WATCHIN A**
Happy Birthday!!! Wish you the best! Love your music!
Time for apush review session!
eternal sunshine
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0487
We trainers sometimes lack motivation too. It's about balance. Yesterday fun 7-mile run and strength work. Today? Still pondering...
Three day weekend for many! What are your plans?
glass. bottle. I'm not judgin' ;) ^ag
Black lights are magnificent.
Superintendent Kowba's report is back to its low-key format. No dire warnings of pending doom today. At least not yet
Wtf 106 & park? Who the hell in they right mind finna take fashion advice from rosci ol tired non dressing ass!!
We are setting up for our CPS TBRI® training at Will Rogers - deep in the heart of cowtown. We can't wait to meet our participants!
Madison tweeted me. AAAHHHH SJAIEGB FIRST TIME I WAS EVER TWEETED BY ONE OF THE BOYZ EEP
Err...an Asian woman. Not just an Asian.
I'm telling you, with better script, better actors, better editing and better music, this could be a great movie.
word is born.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Eating A Star Crunch Doe , Aint Had One Of These Ina Minute .
Turkish Airlines (THY), a carrier of Turkey, selected the International Aero Engines AG V2500 SelectOne™ engine to power its A320 aircraft.
Well, I'm sitting next to an Ouija board that my suitemates bought, so it's possible. I'll do my best to stay alive. :P
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote for Ross today!
blue balls is not a myth...the #sfgiants have it.
you better be ready to get wasted
#traveltip always pack a carry on with a change of outfit! Do not allow this to leave your side or go under the plane!
Most memory you can afford. Wifi-only unless your experience says you often need it when you do not have easy access to wifi.
This man keep calling me from jail like everyday
Big double through CL with slow played AsA I raise turn all in and somehow fade js8s on ts8x4s7x #bcpc 1.4m pot
then we shall chat :)
Why do I say "Lmfao and then say ahahahah..."? Makes no sense
Does it smell awkward in here?
At the Grindhouse!!! It's about to go down!!! Let's get it!
2nd Annual College of Medicine Art show is set for March 6 - 8. Pretty excited to see some of the works that will be on display.
at least I'm not the only one. I feel lame feeling guilty when others take time off willy-nilly with not a care in the world
haha I rather watch degrassi then secret life. #sike its all about jersey shore
If not there's about to be some proobbzzz...
We're going CRAZY in here! : I was ROCKIN PRINCE Go Crazy on way to work!!! Thanks for the Awesome 80's Start to my day!!”
The only thing that might redeem this is that they could be re-purposed sweater sleeves. Though that's not the case...
Brent Amaker's not happening :(
Thanks so much for the follow,B&B! You've inspired us to think about a morning after offering!
wtf is my heater on cause its hot as fuck in here.
Are all three of you coming to play next weekend?! And maybe and ?!
bout to go out here and finish
Pockets full of hundreds off zero's bills paid but gotta fat jaw I'm all bad...
Ricardo, you're blowing up my phone! Every time I sit it down, it vibrates again! You retweet to much(: just kidding(: hah!
Check out our partnership this month! get 5% of our sales on Wednesdays. Come in today!
you're a Charleston guy right? 15 UK'ers in town for Bridge Run, staying @ Follybeach -good UK gathering spot post run party?
Looking for a CPA...
Hmm... I'm up for a valentines date.
RT : thank you for highlighting American exceptionalism!
heart cafe 37 was amazing! Gotta go there soon!
I play with Lefty Flip on Guitar Hero... And I'm right-handed. My life is a lie. o.o
So effing bored!!!!!
Yep, my humans do that!
We're sure the people who run animal shelters wouldn't mind finding another line of work if it meant every pet had a loving home!
Goodnight everyone:D
"lol. True. Very true."
Yay for dessert first! En route to Molly Moon's.
I just got hissed at by a goose. I should have punted the audacious cocksucker for shitting all over the sidewalk.
If u see reporter at #NASPA12, give her a cookie. She's surviving on peanuts from the Sheraton bar.
UK or Louisville? That is the question.
And you'd really have to make a case for the rest of the them. Leonard is suffering from mental illness!
When he told me i was his everything. I believed him.:/
Dr Gloria on the importance of beautiful architecture in public service - "you walk in there, you're walking into my mortgage."
My granddad is lieing his ass off lol he 2 funny he cant lie
Wish I was good enough to take my tallent any wear in the world
Everyone's in tight bikinis in FL for the spring!!!!!!!!!!!111
That plaid sports coat! Those curtains!!
I have a 24 page packet for algebra and I'm only on page 12. Did I mention it was due tomorrow? Procrastination at its finest.
Always nice when these guys want to come to UK. Makes Coach Cal's job easier lol.
I'll keep you warm while dancing in the downpour.
awww.. this made me smile!
carrying on in your honor.nudes come next.
I got things to say alright you son of a biscuit eating bulldog!
get my other car tomorrow.
yes I did hunniie. How about yu?
patent trolls live under bridges made of money, given Rovi's trajectory
OUP up next
Logic board replacement in Macbook Air complete. Machine ready for pickup. w00t! I'm 2-for-2 on MBAs needing new logic boards… buyer beware
#love socializing and hanging at bars. Meet so many people.
please follow me :)
Can't wait to see it! SQUEE!!
Everytime I text "ah!" it autocorrects to "Annuity!!" Not that those aren't so exciting too.
Heh, thank you. Fingers crossed, I guess.
the 4 guys that got kicked out last night were about 25 years old and were just drunk idiots (not in timbers gear)
My job have serious breakfast tacos. M. Lol.
please stop spamming my mentions i don't do twititons unless I have too sorry
thats awesome, hes in birmingham this weekend
your new pic is really throwing me off.
Parents! Time is running out for you to choose your school for the fall. DPS is now taking apps for Spain, Ben Carson H.S, Burton &...
happy birthday bro!
": #MentionTo your friend who's a big fan of " ME! & <3.<3
you can't make this shit up!
Maybe if you guys played real rules. Non of those Cardinal Rules
Kim Kardashian is not allowed to get a divorce until I finish watching her wedding on my Tivo. Oh Hollywood, I would nvr fit into your land.
I am not, we just happen to be visiting the same places today
Done with making the #thatcampphilly schedule! Whew...huge task, fun but intimidating! You all have great ideas!
Coolest searches on Munchables? Someone from SUNY Geneseo, another from Chicago & a few from Indiana.
If you're at #Dodger stadium right now, head to the food section and get a #dodgerdog!
“: Vote Louisville No. 2.” Agreed!!
r u home ?
Thanks, Allan. #FF back at you. :)
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS A.S.A.P
haha shopping is great. (: that's good! x
Bitches think they know everything, shid how do I make it out of life alive?
If you could cure one disease or make a dramatic change for a cause, what would it be?
choo choo! RT Hey! We () signed to rise! New lp next year! Self released 7" in aug. Ride the fun train!
#NBAPlayOffs what a come back from phi lets go phi fuck boston
HOW COULD U AND MCKAYA DO THIS! i relly liked shane and now he dumped me cause of this fricken rumor!!! wow thnx alot :*(
Thanks for being a fan of out show!
Newlywed couple doing make out photos on 48th street and fifth avenue couldn't have chose a busier spot
You arnt a regret or a mistake, your a memory, my past and I will remember you in my future, you have effected my life for good
“: I HATE bitches who hate me for no reason, at least have a valid reason. #notstressing #fuckbitches” word.
have fun, and don't get into any bodies (of water) during a lightening storm!!!
No school today!!
I'm bossy but I keeps it cute.
Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
I'm a germaphobe. If you're like me, these are some places where you might want to take extra precaution
It's 3am and can't sleep. Going to be a fun and exciting Monday at this rate
I'm great. Where have you been?
i keep qettinq weird calls and weird friend requests on fb
yep sure do but if I didn't lol but first now is to see packers play in every stadium
3,361 tweets seems awfully high for someone that not long ago was VERY twitter judgmental! ;-)
TONIGHT! CLUB LIQUID W/ AT ALSO PERFORMING LIVE: TC & SASS BAND! *FREE COVER* AGES 21+ | 2432 W Colorado Ave
Great music as always! Thank you!
Lol u know I absolutely adore you! RT : All these girls turned me down when I needed a date to the prom :'(
Is it necessary to hover a blimp directly over my house at 11 at night?..
Freakin dub-step makes me want to drive like a maniac!
I know, it just never gets old
RT : NFL Owners are so bad at this, you'd assume that they actually did let Donald Trump in
Love you like a love song baby <3 This song is amazing.
Hi Chad. Are you available for a quick 10 min tour of our Art Galleries app? Would love to show you here at
Lord Jesus, Protect Me From This Crazy Girl !
no we leave tonight for nc. Never stop moving bro. Gotta grind
8 more days till school ends and I'll be freshman next year so excited :)
I hate not being able to celebrate in a non-Giants dominated area :( :(
I told em i stay on that 5 like Abrahm lincoln hahah!!
there's not another man that can do what i can
Happy Thanksgiving guys!! :)
..when words fail music speaks?
Poor Klesla, always gets hurt.
I was productive today! I joined foursquare. :o) Hopefully I'll get the blog started too!
+7000 have tuned in from around the world so far for livestream of the Summit in #Chicago...join us online!
tweet tweet
The family has a sweet new addition with the opening of Blossom Bakery in Chelsea. 174a Ninth Avenue.
Looking forward to the WorldatWork Total Rewards 2012 event in Florida!
Fucking A. Nor does donating sperm make you a father. Takes real men and women to raise kids HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
i know x{
are you going to be at the house when I come down?
April 12th at the Redmoor Theatre in Mt Lookout (east side). Early show from 7:30-10:30. Swanky in there you would prob enjoy.
Trying to nap but being unsuccessful is so annoying. I don't get itt
Check out these Chelsea galleries that are part of Frieze NY!! Chelsea Night from 6-8pm and 26th Street pARTy from 6-9pm!
i really hope i dont do the same thing to this guy that i do with most guys...
The Most Powerful Force Is What I Say To Myself and I Believe!
why? Is it wrong to do so? He's just being nice lol
I dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im y... no fuck that i just dont give a fuck at this point
ZZ Top of the Muffin.
Um... I ate almost an entire bag of candy corn. Yikes.
i know like one or two songs but i guess i'll see them!
lmao no but I have had to watch an awkward sex scene on the tv when he was present
hahahhaa Beiber came on stage looking like Harry Potter lmao!!!!
We should be choosing righteousness above all, not taking advantage of repentance.
it's happy hour somewhere!
*cough* #goodidea *cough* RT What if we had a play that was *all* dream ballet?
When my mom tells me I cant I out unless my teacher emails her & tells her I was in class.<< TF? You're funny. Hahaha
#iloveobamacare because my 21 year old daughter doesn't have to pay three times what I do for insurance because she's on my policy.
New Costume Sexy S.w.a.t Womens Costume
Awe u are just so cute <3
Congrats Ryan Braun #mlb play ball!
Greetings Do you accept submissions to Integrated Catholic Life? I wrote a Lenten reflection: Fast from Fear, Feast on Trust.
thanks for the RT!
Official Tax Masters Twitter account. Follow us for tax tips and important IRS and company news.
Just like your eyes or your hands, you only have two feet. Respect them!
Monday. That's all I got. :)
they playin 2 today? I swear I saw where UF won 7-3. Talking UK right? Have I had too much bourbon again!
RT“: Sen Health Com will vote 2day on Fed mandate 2 lift cap on Family Care program for seniors, it wasn't my idea.”
Men's Soccer match has been postponed until 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Happy 4th of July.... Have a great day.
Omfg! I really need to get a new iPod, mine gets stuck all the time, can u believe that it even doesn't have camera!! :(
the skies were filled with fire
Jessica Alba spotted at a number of places in DC yesterday and today!
the board is loaded with options....take a safe one with a shot to win and lots of Ks :)
r6 there's no point in having a bike that will do 190 especially around here. This will do 160 no prob though
lmfao fail on my end -____- disregard the previous reply.
newly admitted students for 2012-2013 would submit their housing applications in March/April 2012.
I love it when you see guys out and they try and act like bad ass's then u c their tweets and they sound like fuckin pussys
It's position specific (tackles highest), but the new collective bargaining agreement bases on a rolling five year average.
I no right so how's your day been you a fun person to talk to
Come join us today and bowl in air conditioned comfort.
I hear the words “I’m too old” from several of my clients. This excuse is only our fear trying to stop us from changing and growing.
RT RT "Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane." ~Dr. MLK Jr
yooooooo homie :) you still need an iPod?? If you do I got an iPod touch 3g brand new for 220 just saynn ;) lol
:( its not fair
so today is 5-11-12 BEST DAY OF MY BESTFRIENDS LIFE THANK YOU (:
P.S. Visual.ly is GREAT!
whats good fam... thanks for the support... lets get it
Just dropped you a note ...
Agreed. If the speaker is good enough to handle/remember. Another reason to sufficiently practice huh?
#councilmanAmador driving around the #Ironbound all mad and red as a pepper...chill mAmador Man! Enjoy the sunshine!
so sexy
merry Christmas, follow mee..
I don't love country that much however I adore blake on #thevoice. He is so darn cute!
Good god the #RedWings are puttin on a clinic for unreal no look passes for easy goals. This is the Detroit we all know and love.
where is it being held at, im lookn to hear some dope production
Twestival is April 30th @ Boulder Brooks Landing, 955 Genesse St. $10 @ the door including drink tix starting @ 6p. Should be a great time.
note to new models: Listen to the professionals!- agents,scouts,stylists, photographers... they know what they are doing.
What do you think is the most important question to ask someone in an interview for a teaching job?
He really should stop telling the truth. Take a page from RafaRT I am very likeable." LMAO Fed, this is what gets you in trouble.
Thanks for following back! I'm a huge fan...seriously. I wish I had a Woodchuck right now!
$2 fudge stripe cookies at Duane Reade are my new go-to for spending money I shouldn't on my groups
AITE SO IF YOU FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER AND I DONT FOLLOW YOU BACK I REACHD A FOLLOW LIMIT SO JUS KEEP FOLLOWING ME SO I CAN FOLLOW MORE PEOPLE
I just took money out of an ATM for the first time in my life.
people will go farther than thier words on twitter. It had its time, and it was good, just disappointing seeing how
Beiber=Team Money
And there are so many different series! And the modern Avengers members include Wolverine, Spider-Man, Beast, Mr Fantastic
7am and I'm at the library. This should be a very productive Monday
I've totally done that before.
Congrats 2 Andrae Nelson, named SIAC Basketball Player of the Week! See him play 2nite when Morehouse hosts Benedict @ 7:30 in Forbes Arena
Day 2 starts with dunkin donuts and painkillers...PAX East round 2!
I WENT M.I.A BUT NOW IM BACK AGAIN
#DC! Want to see the #TDKR Tumbler & Bat-Pod in person? is bringing it to the city on May 27th!
need more sleep!!
RT "It is important to our friends to believe that we're unreservedly frank w/ them & important to friendship that we're not"
Wonder how far my car can go on fumes...
one day I will meet ;)))
Help make it happen for Winter Film Awards on
Hot today! can't you guys wait till August?
Likewise! Looking forward to following - let me know next time you see a great event coming up? Could be great to connect
Check out TreeBaltimore's great new website for information on the urban canopy, planting projects, and upcoming green events. . ....
I knew Darcy needed to be fired b4 season started
O YEA IS THT GOOD
Went to Mt Rainier. What a beautiful day & so much snow. Slowed down our hiking a bit, but beauty well worth it
That liner by Ramirez gets caught if the Brewers are wearing their blue softball tops. Not kidding.
How lovely, Shemar Moore is trending..now that is one FIIIIINNNNE brother!!
There is always next season...
RT “: The McRib is vaguely shaped like ribs... just as those who choose to eat it are vaguely shaped like people.”
Hey Philly, where's a great dinner spot in Center City for families? Old friends are in town and want to show of our city. /cc
Fitzgerald + Floyd = Uh oh!
But, y'know, the short version is still "I'm not dead, book's not done."
thats awful! i'm so sorry!
Tis my pleasure, dearest. Through and through.
Very nice. Thanks.
haha, when will this guy learn to not lose them in the first place!
is queen of the world!
What band’s songs do you know so well you could fill in for the sound guy?
you should. The crate is to scale so that you can better understand the 27 hour long trip.
I love the Nuts and Bolts columns, l look foward to them every month!
Hope everyone is having a GREAT afternoon and spending time with family.
Pretty sad when valet guy remembers you from last visit @ San Luis Resort. I don't think they call that "sad", Amy
Humber's perfect game follow-up not going so well.
oops supposed to be "man without a country" great movie w Cliff Roberton about man banished to ship and they censored anything bout USA
Farmer's Menu Entree special, this weekend ONLY-Grilled Hanger Steak w/Mary's Garden Collards, Turnip Puree & Onion Gravy. 404.681.4434
To quote my least favorite actor, "I'll be back." xox
only u hope so smh. keep it on the field please...
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
I have yes. you are so amazing.
don't listen to Reade. He's notorious for pulling these kinda scams. Go ask Ron Tonkin.
- I'm early. Enjoying the weather (& a lunchable) at city hall. See you in a bit!
thanks, I'm in class now, were about to get our tests back. This is always the more nerve-racking part.
Soon bitch
Our awesome in-kind sponsors! Monumental Vending, Brandvizion, Emerson Glenn, Sport & Health
Nice to wake up to on the radio talking about web comics on !
Can't get enough of our homemade spaghetti sauce? We now have jars on sale at the restaurant for only $3.99.
Watching bread and tulips and see someone who reminds me of Isabella Costella ah il mio più caro amico
Soo glad the #Oscars are live at 5p on the West Coast. It's the only way to do it. Take note
:thank you :) have a great thursday! x
Lick my toes so ik it's real 😂😂😂
you get this life thing!
Thank you!!!
Done and done. And now to celebrate
I like Nightwish, Within Temptation, Epica, a bunch of others too! Yes, I have a symphonic rock/metal band!
Whens the last time you went to work and said "Did you watch Carson last night?" Bravo, American Masters & PBS.
Happy National Beer Day! What are you drinking in celebration?
wants to talk about Linux labs...what does everyone else say?
Working out the last bits on a new song for the CD.
my niigggaaaa. Did u get me a bad of condoms?? Hahaha
I just ordered a Follow Focus for my 7d.. Exciting!!
I think he just fell from heaven.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :)
definitely the best cuban food on the beach with cool people!
I couldn't agree with you more. I'm tired of people, sply close frnds, txtg instead of picking up the phone.
Still aint gone drink much for a ehile tho cant handle a three day hangover EVER again
We don't know the tweeple behind this wisc. small business, but we love their social media personality.
Open Jam Tonight- All Musicians Drink at Happy Hour Prices All Night!
We got Spring Breakers invading the beaches!
