I can't help to say I am addicted to petinaed leather. Yap my first real addiction and will be sharing my addiction one creation at a time
Been a busy day.... I wouldnt have it any other way!
getting a new piercing >>>
;) Sounds good!! I am sure I can work it out. No worries.
this girl must not know that we got jesus on our side
great catching up with over coffee - good luck this morning!!
Ha, smart guess! I spy a redhead in front of me if that helps...
I feel you bro... #storyofmylife :P
“: Female? London area? Would you ike to be spanked? DM! (your limits respected, everything consensual)” ~ Wow. Just Wow!
If you don't have any goals, then you gone be struggling living paycheck to paycheck
You are welcome. I love him too! We have great taste.
You mess with the king, you best not miss.
And Natalie won, I wanna cry....
friends and interested parties please check out my facebook fan page and I hope you "like" it. look for Adam Sizemore Music
Watched Mad Men last night. I need to wear a suit more often; holy shit.
. Thanks for the RT and shoutout! Stay up, Jasmine!
its been forever! I'm in milwaukee right now.
*ONLY* TWO DONUTS?! ... FTFY
I don't quite understand why everyone is hating on Marcum this year, he's been good. Especially dealing w/ bad defense & poor run support
For the last week, it's been in the high 70's. I'm betting on snow before the end of March.
Miley & Liam are cute !!
is anyone else's #nats audio messed up on MASN?
Psyched for SRJO: Ellington's Far East Suite tonight at Benaroya . Pre-show dinner upstairs
A lot of upside with Bryan Bennett for Duck fans...
Off to the Chopper Mr. President...musn't keep Seattle waiting...though I'd imagine they'd probably be "over it" if you were late...
good thing I don't live in Watts either.
iPhone? Still debating with myself especially since I don't qualify for an upgrade since I got a new phone a few months ago.
Can u follow me? just tweet me if you did, so i#Promise i'll follow you backˆ⌣ˆ
If I'm having a good enough jam out session in the car, I will, without shame, ignore my ringing cell phone.
Let's make sure all children are protected from child sexual abuse.
I heard everyone is whoring double assist in austin
RT : Student-athletes: You have the power to control your identity online. Your words, your pictures, your choice.
ARE YOU READY FOR #PhlirtyFridays? Email to get on the REDUCED ADMISSION GUESTLIST!!
thanx! I'm doing some green screen shots tonight (:
Am I the only person who saw Undertaker accidentally get pinned for a three count tonight? Feels like I'm on crazy pills.
Get inspired! Clairemont Garden Tour tickets for this Saturday are available at Sandwich Emporium...$12 each/$10 for seniors
Was there a good answer? ;-) ... RT : Best faculty meeting question today, during email discussion: "Where is the cloud?"
preggers? Umm..I'm not lol but I still wish I would've called the police. I'm still hurt by all of this *tragic*
` man i want some cake (:
OMG, I have I told you latest #PopRox gossip?! You really should just come to my other #BookClub :)
Nice job...songs keep memories alive
well shanks
Kool as u get better it'll get longer..
I need to become a master of the mobile self portrait with baby jack. want more photos of the two of us but the ones I've taken are meh.
chased him for a few blocks but he was always a full block ahead.
I know! Exhausting night! Got to bed about 3:30. Wicked critters!!!
hey amber.. can i get a follow back??
Thank you so much! We're proud to be a startup with its roots in #Savannah!
oh you on
Colonel sanders works at ihop. What a betrayal.
I love you too baby! 😊
Just ate some red velvet ice cream.. it was to good
Looking to hire a food blogger in Atlanta and Tampa, any suggestions?
when she gets out of line? Lmao I don't think I'll be tangling with her when she gets out of line.
Brick can you Please LOan ME 1500 ROBUX, I can pay you back once my limited sell, but I need the MONEY Right now.
Shout out to all the basic bitches still taking pictures in public bathrooms.
in nashville please i live in lebanon(;
lol not like that! U told everyone u were making another so ppl r going crazy and can't wait! It's a good thing! :)
Thank God, a panel of actual experts on the false black/gay divide!
I'm all for playoff basketball but dam the fouling Dirk
Chris Brown is ugly.
Coming back to Madison from Buffalo then off to Wisconsin Rapids. I'm going to play the kid next to me's DS for the next 2 hrs.
haha, thank you! idek, in incognito I suppose seems like the best answer. did I miss anything relevant?
yeah man. Was that your first time seeing em?
Board Retreat tonight. A strong board of directors is essential to the success of any non profit. It begins tonight!
if you drink and.need a babysitter stay home and drink don't go out cause ruckus
"is this the apocalypse supply line?"
Feng is an Obama supporter?
is on at school and I'm rockin so hard. Perm baby Perm, :)
no I never will. No way.
email me a few tracks: Interviewed you on 6th street during SXSW
How is Open Graph data affected by sharing through a #linksy campaign (with custom content around a link)?
Need a couple of #actors in the #Philadelphia area for a short/sketch piece!
lol it really is and funny
Good Monday Morning... Who will you be a blessing to Today? Who will you be an impact on this week. Make it an amazing Week!
I hear June is a terrific time for more fun. I hope BMC is beard-friendly as I've grown one since we last shot.
What is the word gang?
THE OMEGA 2010 PEP RALLY TOUR IS AT STEVENS HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW MORNING... SO BE READY YALL!
I focus on television primarily, and I think we have a potential cinema person. Open to all Asian media :)
"The history of the frontier is a unifying American theme, for every part of the country was once a frontier, every region was once a West."
Great job; have to run to prep for a call. Back later today or tomorrow.
You want the bandwidth? You can't handle the bandwidth!!!
Just sleep it out.
Get experience through internships or engagement of reality of what you want to do.
FOLLOW ME!I WILL FOLLOW BACK!
"And it hurts me to know im alone now, and its worse when I know that I chose it."
#YeahhBuddyy you excited for #travisporter to be in #pcb when we are .?
one more flight and I will be home!
today was pretty alright i guess..nothing to do tonight.
I've yet to find a job where they just give you money and prizes for showing up but I can dream
Prolly not, gotta wake up early
This includes connecting with customers where they hang out online and engaging in conversations about the topics most important to them
Hipsters should thank for his ironic quotable gifts. #MercurySurfboard #BiWinning #TigerBlood #
Putting skinny jeans on in the car...challeng accepted!
Libya fact: Fertility rate: 2.8
re: my BlueHost tweet. not complying, just pointing out it's ridiculous. A fool and his money, identity, and privacy are soon parted.
different?and my mommys like uhh no guuuhh the plans like 7654345678 bajillion dollars.yup :c
Oh, oh. Now Tony Perkins is going to get an earful. Lawrence knows the bible better than most conservative preachers.
Its goin down tonight!
Smilla's Sense of Snow
Creativity alone won't cut it. You must combine it with innovation in order to set yourself apart from the rest!
I hate you
LOVE THIS!!!!!! RT : OB: U can get pineapple on your pizza, but the "Bacon" is on the street Go to claim your prize.
Can't wait to get home and enjoy 's wonderful Mai Bach and this awesome weather. #sunisshining!
Omw to union station...but I'm so grumpy right now -_-
Getting testy. and in each other's faces about response of employess to MRT's questions.
I'd ♥ to travel w/ because she's been everywhere...and she's super cute. But if she's busy
Just heard from one of our patients they got a job the same day of having their teeth whitened! Must have been a great confidence booster!
to be the best do as the best do plus some!
OMG how do you have so many followerds?
Yes, in 2014 then, it will happen dont worry :) and i hope so too!<3 it'd be amazing
what about StaySchemin' ?!
Bout time you came in first on the #FF LOL thanks as always and back at ya
Mad Men. Obviously.
thats awsum G.ima b puttin out more music soon as hell.The music on there that u hear is all at my crib except 1 song is studio
awww my bad lol its new! :) still workin on it
Don't know if I should be nervous or calm.....
I want lips tattooed on me 💋. Is that ghetto?
r u in florida right now?? r u doing concerts on saturday and sunday?
Found a bomb street spot and stoked for the and game with !
least favorite food Raw walnuts!!
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a mortgage co, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
We think good progress was made! Thanks for inviting us
Knowing I can't stop any of these things. :(
Fixed my blackberry myself...woohoo. Good bye sms error 4.
good reminder for EVERYONE. thank you for sharing this!
I think #Madison needs an official #BREWERS bar. Any suggestions? This will be an outlet to organize it.
starting october with 31 days of holloween on
Considering how deep this draft is, why take him in the 2nd round? Not worth it IMO
: lmao this is hilarious. . . But dnt judge us
He's got something special....!
rt if u didn't now that u have ecuatorians fans
That 2013 cross fit championship is as good as mine :)
Spending my last day as librarian at I'd say more but I've been weepy all week. Going to miss my second home.
Chilling on the patio as it is the only habitable place while the building's fire alarm has decided to test itself.
Love Vernon Davis emotion!
Apparently it was between that and "Mark Sanchez"
Dooood! Bed bugs are nasty! One of my friends had them.... Bad deal.
Two hours of #aiip12 and I've already decided my next round of business cards will have a few edits...
oh good one!! But I don't really care anyway so...
Finally mustered the courage to tell a customer that I just don't know enough to answer her (legal) question. That felt good.
sorry. I mean if they play any 1D songs during the senior slideshow or the goodbye assembly I will seriously cry...haha!
RT - New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been named AFC Offensive Player of the Week by the NFL
960 tweets since like May.im determined to go to 1000 by the end of today
agree. CC should have been warming up...not mr hanging curveball. He's our horse and who we want to go to war with
any time I paid enough for a trainer I don't mind sharing
Thank you we look forward to future partnerships!
Justin is growing up so fast :') im so proud of him.
Joseph Loh talking about creating programs focusing on a shared curatorial and educational vision. This dialogue is key.
But the history of No-Hitters thrown by ex-NY Met pitchers could be a series of Ken Burnsian dimensions
I am going on a bike ride ttfn.
Great win #Orioles. Come celebrate with us and enjoy Summer Shandy Specials till 8pm.
that boy ain't Neva been right in the head lmfao!
The marlins jus lost to the Braves :(
I love Syl 🏠
don't worry - i always keep a finger or two nail-free
#EdUSAForum session on social media and international Ed, should be interesting.
I was asked yesterday if I'm good at fixing things... My response: "I can fix anything with the right phone number :)"
Just got a pop-up saying you aren't coming to our party on Sunday. That makes me sad.
The new website will be up no later than 2 weeks..I'm doing a little re-organization..:) Last week was rough..slept a lot today..
Remember, if one of the challenges is to use a #hashtag, don't overuse it. Too many multiple #hashtags will be flagged as spam by twitter.
Getting ready to start getting ready lol
Let love simmer until it's boiling over!
how does myspace have my new email? and how do they thank me for joining when i didnt...hm who has my info?
U could also ask an employee?!? Ha Ha!!
I have so much to do and all I want to do is sleep! Screw you #narcolepsy!!!
& I no longer give a flying fuck.
aren't we all masters of the grill?
"Tred lightly" in students' online social spaces. Don't just "go to them" - let them come to you! Hard, but good advice.
thanks for heads up! I needed to get some work pants and shirts
i love it when you find a band/artist that no-one knows about
I enjoyed visiting & & meeting li'l Stella Lucille Williams yesterday at the hospital. All are healthy & happy!
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?
Anyone who would love to join our team and has serious ideas and connections contact and connect with me in developing these talented indiv…
About to get meta with this tweet, y'all.
Ending homelessness one person at a time. Two thousand people are expected here at the mpls convention center
Waa. Took one for the team.
i think "correspondence" dinner would be fun. Everyone would communicate by passing notes
you really didn't like pussy clock?
Seen The Hunger Games? Like or Dislike?
Want some others? Just let me know. Look forward to seeing the final product.
Script prepping for film shoot this weekend. I love this part of the process!
I swear imma be cranky all day
Battling Broadcasters on NWSports tonight! Mike Parker of OSU at 615...Jerry Allen of Ducks at 645
Let #WFX know, What are you doing to further your leadership skills?
(bryan) toothpick + vacuum == lint(gone) =&& (working iphone audio & mic jack) && (I didn't break it while hacking in an ext mic)
lol the water is freezing haha
Senior Andrew Larkin is on the draft list for today's MLS Superdraft..
how did it go?!
you know. One step at a time. You can do it. Just run your race and no one else's.
I think I will need to by a muzzle just to give Oliver his eye drops.
What do you love and hate about Facebook?
New friends would be nice
50 people died from the Shrine Flu and everybody wore masks. 1million folks die from Aids and people still dont wrap it up.
allahBless U N Keep U Safe Not OnlyToday ButThroughoutLifeThat is coming In Ur Way May Year To Follow Be Among TheBest UveEver Spend
He put a table leg through my chest with that pic!!!
Clearly not an issue compared to the costumes our "leaders" wear everyday; smiling w/a gun to our heads over taxes.
thanks for following and look forward to tweets! Check out the #2DayLatteFast for a Veteran!
LMAO. Yeah there's something about the words "rack" and "mount" that makes me laugh. Can't be 1st musician to think that, huh?
amen sister
George Lewis [ ] introducing Google Head of News Products ' keynote, "Creating the Future of News."
Hell yeah! Great matchup! is one of my favorites!
nice where is that?
has been cranking out some more hits in the studio. How's everyone doing?
just sold 30% of $ZNGA shares to grab some profits. Will be interesting to see earnings!
- Thanks for following!
Their sense of humor & "practical jokes" are so weird, cuz ain't shit about that funny.
are you going to Juxtapost it? ;-)
It looks like she's harboring half of the population in her stomach. Never getting pregnant.
Steamed Crabs at Jimmy’s Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 not telling them I'm stopping by for a bite. Will you join me?
what did you think? Did the son deserve to get evicted?
Hey I'm On
tell her to say an our father and put salt around her bed
iloveyou. Will you be my boyfriend?(; FOLLOW ME!(:
That is why the DSM criteria alone shouldn't be used to diagnose. There are many reliable assessments for ASD evaluations.
I think my sister spreads toothpaste on the rim of the toothpaste tube just to get my goat
What did the earwig say as it fell down the stairs? Ear we go!
Wash Rinse RT (washrinseRT) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
There is more to life than increasing its speed...
RT : I'm putting out a new video this week, and a new track... Who's excited?
Just rode by some kids playing football #healthyKids ;))
how big shit you are, of course. Sigh.
yeah, but you were FIRST.
It's re-appropriation time! Blues jamming tonight at Boocoo to close out Black History month & I have re-appropriation on my mind!
Happy Mothers Day you are a great mother and we are lucky to have you.
sounds good! We hae no plans...we will be here from noon on! :)
Can't sleep!!
That is not BritBrat!
you're welcome :)
Alrite srry guys we havent been posting as recently,but party season is overr! dnt worry, we're startin 2 work on da dance! :)
right on i got like five bios to write thx i will be retweetin wen u announce ur done
I approve of this.
Thanks for the shout out! You ROCK!
I hope you're spending this day with people that matter most to you and remembering 911.
literally SO EXCITED I was talking about it all day
E-mail any photos of yourself showcasing your love of the Wild Things to by April 18th!
A4 I have worked repeatedly w the same builder & kitchen designer -"DreamTeam" and have had many successful projects together
If only it could be like the first time every time
Coffee is like drinking a hug.
Wow! Almost like the tattoo artist who inked a pile of shit on his ex-g/f's back.
In "Mobile First Design & Augmented Reality". Design for mobile 1st requires a minimalist and focsued approach.
ONE WORD - ADELE!!!!
yeah they the worst !!!!!! we should make a hit list!!!
I guess if you stay around long enough, they can't get rid of you. Paul Butterfield
busy tryna get a degree and get to grad school
yup. & now shes being even more of a cunt
RT : Everything I do is pink.
I wanna play! Are these books or movies?
are you still going to be in Madison on labor day weekend for the marathon?
I always should have listened to you.
loll huh?
hey, this is easy.
My dad can't come and get me /: fuck
Take this, American parents: Denmark pays every college student about $1,000 per month. Health care and tuition: no charge.
That moment when you have to take away your moms phone just to see Keeks lol
I am determine to love.
At my 1st #BruceSpringsteen concert (at Verizon Center in DC). Waiting for music to begin--& no one is tweeting. A very good sign.
Figured. I'm at the airport, so that means you've traveled more miles in less time than I have today.
We must get our Congressional delegation to speak with one voice to the EPA and stand up for coal and for WV families
Battery is almost dead. Twitch and Comfort are leading choreography. Insanity ahead. Watch for more.
spent the evening with Mom my wife my sister and my daughter the most important people in my life oh yeah my son was there too
My ATL shirt came today!:D #All Time Low
In the studio!! Laying down some Sweet Guitar tracks!!
I feel like if you guys used your anger towards the Pens players and coaches to actually support them, maybe that would help? Just saying.
New video in 12 hours... The day of the week MIGHT give away what kind of video it is ;)
thanks for the s/o
I wish I didn't have such a black thumb when it comes to veggies.
I wish I was strong enough to lift, not one, but both of us..<3
What an incredible weekend! Can't wait to learn from Mr. John C. Maxwell today!
I have a dream I marry Kim kardashian
What would I do without Ashely (:
O's in the win column. 11-7
I miss my girl
Negative. RT : TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks will see Game 6.
Long day, finally home :)
That seems borderline illegal, ketchup isn't that precious a resource to start charging for it.
First run in 1925, the race was named in honor of Eugene D. Wood, a politician who was a founder of the old Jamaica Racetrack
Hastings: We define entire epochs of humanity by the technology they use. We're living in Internet Age.
Any particular websites? Video or games? We are going to update to the newest Flash version which may fix the issue.
Getting a early start on Selena's birthday video, tweet me or rt me if u wanna be in it! NOW! Ill dm u.
I Love One Direction so freaking badly !!!
Are you posting a card today? We are fiending!
I knew it! Right beneath my nose. Thanks :)
Farewell #pdx, it's been great.
what is the deal with all the plants in the pic???
we just released a new album. Something you'll like check it out.
I thought of going to see Titanic 3D, but then I remembered I had a penis. After the boat sinks what's left? Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack!
Yes, and it will read you the articles in a British accent if you want :-)
You make me happy , You magnify my better half . You make me certain , though all I have today is your photograph .
hey check us out :] we're new to vegas and we're going to be playing some shows here soon.
I shouldn't b much longer, but u shouldn't have 2 wait
I'm driving to nc right now too!!!! hehehe at least you're going from ny.......fml
My cat is very happy I am home
Turkey Day 5k!
This has reached absurd levels
I'm watching The Tourist.
"That was a great time for women," "A great time for #women hasn't happened yet."
Nice twit pic ❤☺
Lmfaooo @ TJ for twitching when he fell asleep in class!!
Thanks for the link! It seems like these are all selections from Princeton titles. Were any acquired as shorts?
more to the game then putting it in the hoop cuzzo!!
Chicago I'm back!
I can't live without listen D12 \õ/
In the words of the D, it's gig time. What t-shirt am I going wear?
thnx man! Ha, actually (and this is why all posters should say the year) we did that show last June!
HE CHOOSING. THE RAMS SORRY DOLPHINS
Earth day > 420
Bontempo, defending champ, narrowly defeats in group play
Oh rearry? I just wanted a personal loan and they said w/o a house, I'm SOL. thats... um... shitty.
And we'll have a NY NJ EC Finals
Time to start up your irrigation. Make sure to check for leaks and set your timer for once a week.
Hey cuzzo, I been working. Where you been?
Hungry? We just got a fresh shipment of Halibut medallions. Yum!
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer ~ Joseph Groban
A gig to prepare for, a test to study for, a dog to take care of, a job to get to. ohh what fun.:)
thanks for the heads up on the brewery. Not sure if we are doing a late lunch or early dinner. Either way I'm sure we'll be waiting
Holy crap. Do NOT buy the box. What a POS. Now it can't even wake from sleep without a hard reboot.
Gotta put that loss outta my mind....'cause the #Thunder and #Lakers are up next. Psyched for this series. I hope OKC crushes LAL.
& we are praying for you guys. Heart breaks for you two as you wait results for sweet Keira.
no lol just cars posted up
My phone hasn't been workingg, not getting it fixed till sunday :/
How do you guys feel about the Dictator Movie?? Will you be watching it or is it a pass??
Have to now get ready to go to tonights' rehearsal of "The Orange Person". Maybe I can sneak another rehearsal shot?
Mostly just smirking.
how was it? I ended up going to waka. P.s I watched the video u sent 😂 "99 dollas fo this weave plus tax bow! she ratchett?!"
Have you gotten to the episode with the giant sized cold virus yet?
I'm moving out, mine has no choice 😊 lol
had a great day at school today and then relaxing to whole weekend im going to see the three stoges tomorrow with
Credit Card Machines now up and running on Otay Lakes Rd.
Always afraid when I bump into something in this place..never know what might accidentally launch nuclear missiles from the Rose Garden..
"I think it comes back to Marketing 101. Who is your target audience? How are you trying to influence them?" - Kevin Lee
your actually really good! i thought you were from america ./
where's it located? I would need more details to help with that question.
she just finished drinking water so I think she's good lol and as weird as thatll be I would want to see it 😝
A grinder slip??? It's ok Dave. Come out soon though!
ElmwoodPark still has not done any removal on side streets I have less snow on my car than there is on street!
thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Gronkowski is a stud. What a catch!
RT : Looking forward to teaching the Sonnet Workshop on Monday 4/2 for your wonderful actors!
everyone on my block parks like a jibroni and is a motherfucker
shout to my team ol drivin ass niggaz follow
Time is flying soon it will be 3am here glad im on summer vacation
Jesus answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
Hollywood meets the hardwood on Sunday at Staples Ctr when the league's best from the East/West clash in the 60th annual NBA All-Star Game.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XXOOX
Need some statistical help for how to cope with gut wrenching loss!
dont worry bout where i got my degrees.. what do your classes promise me in the working world? lol
That reminds me I need to get new ones.
Wow you look great!
Four meetings today and all on the Eastside Crazy day during the Holiday Season!
For your viewing pleasure, follow:
Happy Birthday To My Baby Young JEZ
I haven't been fishing since I was 12, thank you very much.
going for an eat & drink at the maritime hotel's cabanas and then off to the pink elephant nyc!!
thanks a lot. It's not much but I think it's a great first step.
Watchin some cartoons with my fat daddy ... tom & jerry ----> oldie but goodie
Say "Grass Shack" 3 times.
Today was awesome.
Looking to rent the following weeks out at the Pines beach house 6- 25 7-9 8-13 (Ascension) and 9-24 Pictures of the house are on Facebook.
I mean no offense to you - Your heart is obviously in the right place - your policy proposals are just not well thought out.
Thank you Brett Glass! Thanks for being our number one cheerleader over the years! We so appreciate your love and friendship!!
#FF these awesome people
YES! RT : a trip to BR to see u and RT : Hate that I won't see you in Atl next month.
For those of you who have prayed for my cousin, Tommy, the past 2 yrs, I wanted to let you know he passed away last week in the VA Hospital
I bet your inbox is insane! RT : apologies to anyone I didn't respond to re:RSA. Would have required doing nothing else for a mo.
Still got time for that movie we were going to see?! Lol. Luv u
New event coming soon. Stay tuned for details.
How do you get a mafia family or except invitations
Skipping school to do homework...that can't be right. At least it's finally a sunny(ish) day in OB!
aye what's some good apps on the iPad?
Congrats on resigning with the Chiefs! You define what an NFL Pro is all about.
Tx, if u up you should've been or start watching fox news...
At Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 520: Solmax Brand name: Solmax Product: Soy milk Product Available in USA:
yes!!! When do you get out dangg lol
Looking over conference submission reviews and trying to not get distracted by the one reviewer who insisted on using puns for EVERYTHING.
NEW: Tuesday's Blink 182 concert at the Blue Cross Arena has been canceled. Refunds are available.
Welcome to the team Bernard Lavallee, Rachel Morse, and Ben Deutsch!!!
oh em gee! So excited! Found out I will be competing nationally! maybe.... let's hope ((:
Men who don't take care of they children should be registered like sex offenders
I need all the worms and closet skeletons I can get. #KnowledgeIsPower :P
Cheers to the
Lol i hate my ass v.v
- she already has the caboose
omg, i just left my iron on for 8 hours.
Look at Kamara hustle back to defend! That's what I like to see !
Come on down and get some FRESH PRESSED JUICE!! We will also be bring our NEWEST PRODUCT, so come on down and see what it is
Monday Night
I'd like to blame it on the weather...and not overindulgence at the chinese buffet for mother's day...lol! Still, must write...
yeah yeah yeah
Here we go,
Aw, no worries. thanks, you rock regardless!
what's a gon?
I wish it would stay this warm all winter. I'm a little ambitious, but Rainbows are on and beach music is blaring.
Underway at AASA's #NCE12 in Houston (). Stop by Booth 102 to say hello!
I guess you will never notice me or follow me no matter. how much I wish you would but maybe tonight
UM YA HO GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
Yes! I will post the link as soon as I have a chance to go to my room; I think someone posted it on my fb too.
ah okayy.. Av not got no coin : / gunna tidy my room :(
We also MIGHT be roasting at a farmers market this wknd. Got a new toy to bring out... Pending the weather. Stay tuned.
The complete piece, plus 5 sick details! Check it out peeps! :) Enjoy
I think he is trying to prove that he makes the worst 4th down decisions in NFL History!
bartenders giving free drinks
#Geekgirlscreate panel and the Disneyland Hotel mixer by ended a great Day 2 at
lol you would know huh? 😉
Heading to press conference to speak about youth violence in Chicago.
no he doesnt mind! Especially that he's you're friend just ask him before hand if he has to work in the morning
I was going to say it depends on the why -- book club resources are a great place for some announcements.
Anyone know where to find beach wheel chairs for rent? the kind with the big inflated tires?
Best line I've read about the Brewers: "There's always money in the banana stand, Michael." (h/t )
My irritation? When people disrupt my writing in the middle of the day by calling and then don't leave a message.
More people enjoy the commute into work vs. the actual work they are doing. This is a major problem. On air now with
Cold Hearted Ass Bitch < --
I am back home in raining Cali!!
About to watch "The Orphanage".
Lol, I may be single for a brick,, see last retweet
You're welcome! It's been forever! :O
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any qestions just ask me :)
Great night! Congrats on a great 11 years. I think those shots are toasting your next 11.
What is your favorite music genre(s)?
#MusicForTheWeekend Vol.1 COMING SOON!! Music Submission:
Never give up on your dreams even if people say you can't make it, don't let them bring you down and keep on chasing after it.
Probably not enough cougars on your team RT : Team finished 2nd by 1 point, $25 for drinks
is it? That doesnt sound right to me lol
The BIGGEST urge to text "ayo im in yo hood". But i cant bring myself to do so.
Snow on Saturday means I can be a lazy bastard and drink all day. Thanks weather!
#goal - Math: A
I believe you are! You'll have to let us know when they're finished!
no girl I'm watching it on DVD
Ugh - need to get on my best of 2012!
and I are about to host a Q&A with Doug Weiss as part of Mission Marriage
just accept the fact tht i knew first..lol
Hello Chicago! I've missed you!
RT - Goin to a Detroit Lions vs. New England Patriots game wit my mom's bf ugh hate this i should b hangin wit my gf right no...
Excited to see you next week at #govwebcon! Glad you can participate - should be fun! R U bringing sound effects? :-)
Thanks for the follow. #FF Happy Aloha Friday!
like I said..I shouldn't have a B in the class.
I'm off so I'll come see you!!!!! I miss my Mexicans!!!
Yay! That is where my family is! The trip will be SO much easier. I hope it's still cheaper than Dulles.
The Dolphins peaked with Ace Ventura.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Congratulations and sending all my love!
words keeps crashing on my phone! Will get back to our game soon!
SO excited to come home to a big box of goodies from & ! You MADE my day! Xo
You're my entertainment reporting hero. The steadfastness & sense of humor are awesome. Good luck in Japan.
“: What is bigger upset lehigh over duke or blazers over bulls??”Bulls were w/o Rose, and had just played Miami. Lehigh is bigger.
Last night I dreamt that I was late for school because Obama needed me to give him a tour of Buffalo. It was awesome.
5 minutes of Leno once a year is more than enough to remind me why I don't watch Leno.
awesome meeting you too. Sorry this response is so tardy, but heartfelt! :-)
I seem to be more attracted to older women
Hey Chris How are things going with you?
Hey James, you could not have said it better!
Why do I do this to myself 
ETA? I'm going to go be sleeping by 8
Tonight's the night! #Stutz Open House doors open at 5:30. Who's going?
Birdie for the win. Gotta love seein the
Don't feel bad ! CNN apparently doesn't fact check their news sources either!
One period down. Still breathing.
....Sorry I missed the hockey party. What ended up happening?
Whoever tweeted it secreted it.
Oh how much I MISS my gud friend !!!
RT : thanks for the interview this morning...Soundbooth TV loves u!!!
"I like to lead by exsanguination" ~Alpha Chupacabra, a.k.a. two words that were just longing to be together.
Need help with this: Do any Fed agencies use #Skype regularly? Or another video chat platform?
Waking up to these little demon bug things<<<<<
It is NOT the prices!
IDOL JUST ISNT THE SAME ANYMORE:( I WANT back!!!!!
Missing my boo!
do it! I just had a pb choc chip cookie bar.
Ever have one of those morning when nothing will go your way but it's okay because you woke up singing #MichaelJackson? I am having one.
Hope you got it worked out! I ended up doing a really time-consuming workaround.
I'm sure they will be floored & excited. It's a good looking cake!
Talent 2010 and beyond are going to have to create their own buzz, audience and demand because auditioning alone isn't going to cut it.
I know! it seems like just yesterday we were just starting to talk
The only thing that's keeps me from going crazy is thinking about my upcoming vacations.
I have a 96 in P.E. because i got a 93 on a test (A TEST IN P.E WTH) and because today i didn't do 6 laps outside. Wow, i did 5.
We put the us in trust baby
Saw the crazy weather in Chicago today and thought of you. Glad you made it out of there to sunny Vegas before the snow!
Teach me how to Doguie.. .... Wait wait I know!!
Chesapeake Bay blue crab population is highest it has been in past 20 years, Va and Md govs announce today.
Echo Valley Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
- ignorant! But this is also the place where they put a noose around the neck of a black student.
Just made a salad for dinner.... Who am I ?!? Where the steak ? ;)
Hi! I would like to know how I could help with #SoMeT12? Sounds like an amazing event for those who love travel & social media
Crankiest person live had to get 4 shots so cranky but proud of myself for not crying so tuff haha wait grr...
I love Keith Lmaoooo Too Funny
Noses are fun for sniffing things
don't ! Just see account and follow first. Keyword is out and a gift card is waiting!
The Micro Credit Summit in Nairobi, Kenya in April 2010 will feature Jamii Bora, Ingrid Munro with 147,000 members out of poverty. Be there.
I'd kick you in the vagina, but I'm afraid I'd lose my shoe.
Str8 gangsta!! 👊✊👊✊RT driving in the rain with my windows down idgaf
Thanks so much!
Mayor Berry asks for last minute support of Paseo/I-25 development. "I am asking for 9 votes" tonight.
you'd be the next Lady Gaga at that point. Then you can fire me cause I'm just a sax player. haha
No a good day for my sports.
I bet not a lot to cut and locals may frown on that behavior in SoCal? :)
Sante! RT : "Moderate drinkers are 30 percent less likely to have a heart attack than...
“: Real loveRT : Good morning babies.!! One again woke me up”👎
Wow, seriously it hurts to see the LAKERS like this. I Hate this rookie team ugh!
Peach Tea from Sonic >>>
you have to apply online! Were still hiring so do it up!
Day 1 of vacation. First task: Sleep.
I'll be your personal assistant, and my personal assistant will be smoking hot, keep you once removed and your household happy!
I say excision because of that 100,000 watt bass they had. That show was just to sick! Plus they drop harder beats.
#iJustLoveItWhen people seems nice
Im getting mad ..
Get 20-40% of your daily calories from carbohydrates
Wait. You still have a landline?
2NIGHT Miami Dolphins (safety)his artist ,GATO DA BATO, many more 645 WASHINGTON IN SOUTH
Cough drops are so disgusting!
I would really like to know the same thing.
Orgs have always been defined by communication. Now it is more important, if not essential, for the survival of many.
Google now offers a Call extension option for Adwords. You can establish a CPP bid & bid for phone calls, which is an excellent enhancement
that's awesome!
I totally agree, your thoughts can guide you towards success or lead you to disaster
Jimi Hendrix once said, "Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music."
The Ed I want is only two pages and it is still "preparing image"
Essential skills: express ideas clearly; match expectations to today's TV reality; manage and understand data (googledocs preferred)
Let's do binary milestones! Welcome to Anuradha, our 1024th member! She codes in Python, Basic. C, Fortran, and Pascal, and more.
Dear teachers, if you expect us to take anything seriously in the last few weeks of school, you are sadly mistaken.
Dang it! I keep missing Ghost Adventures! I missed like the last...the entire season!
it just doesn't get worse, every single episode gets better. Where you at?
#ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor walking out a bank after a withdraw
back home from ride with fresh berries and one Huge tart, wishing I could share with everyone as I just want a small piece ;)
Hey people, it's Friday & the sun is shining...soak up some vitamin D through the windows of Lottie's Lounge.
I'm a music fiend can't function without it...take it away and I'm useless
Thanks Dennis
Being Irish and Turkish simply means we drink heavily on Thanksgiving and moderately-heavy the other 364 days
So much writing in grad school
Copper at record high as year ends . . . www.learnscrapmetal.com
good job!
My account used to be private but I figured when I tweet to someone not following me they wouldn't see it, so...
50 is the new 25( go ahead and believe that) HAPPY B Day!
Awesome! Thx RT Hey , thanks to the community at our soft launch, you're getting another computer!
GET LOADED is over next week!! Make sure you have signed up for the FREE B LOADERS CLUB!!
Help change her mind!!!!!! PLEASE!!! SHE TRYING TO COMMIT SUICIDE!!
Yes, I'm going a little crazy over and her love for Wisconsin, but we both believe in life after Walker.
Do I contradict myself? Very well, I contradict myself. I am large. I contain multitudes. -- Waltey Whitman (who else?)
It's such a fun record that I feel like I'm getting away with something when I listen to it.
My mom is FLIPPING out right now. Like over the fucking top.
It's the life juice of Z104-3 ski trips!!!
Marcy Kaptur effectively declared victory in
Well played, lady, well played.... RT : Sweaty & buzzed. Right on schedule.
yes. very very sad.
If 2 Home Depots don't have it... Try the third
point is more support by way of butts in seats = Cash to sign & retain quality players. Empty seats = C'ya CC, Lee, VMart...
: hiya ginger wats up
Twittersphere, please excuse my poor tweet grammar! I guess I'm not sure how to use a the articles in the a simple sentence.
Nice slippers!
You should appreciate everybody's feelings, no matter how rude they're being. You don't know what goes on at their house..
My future husband better like keeping sh*t clean! I can't stand messes! -_-
Where there is a camera, there is a way to inspire...
make it happen!
Accountant wanted NEW YORK -Temp project -start 04/02/2012 -end 08/01/2012 Responsible for standard accounting processes and procedures, i…
Out at the Barnsider with the folks for dinner!
Bynum is treating Perkins like the old man that he is. Lol
good morning
!I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
my birthday is coming up APRIL 29 !!!!!
Is the fix in? Chicago early and often? We cannot let the midwest punks control.
Yay! #uppers he said Transgendered. Another shot of coffee!!
Time for roll call! Let's see who's here at the National Mall. We have some great sponsors and partners here with us!
Bought my mom 3 pair of shoes and made her breakfast that she refused to eat. And she's still not happy. I give up.
is anyone really surprised to find out that all the Trumps are effin' a$$holes?
really??? Outpost!!! Why
The President's Correspondents dinner is next month and they will have wifi for 3,000 then. We are just a few weeks too early.
sent you a DM - call now if you can - I have a window...
could it be a faded rose from days gone by.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Prepare your schedule for the following day. It’ll make it easier to dive in when morning comes.
shut up
wtf is it also snowing where you are?! WHATWHATWHAT?? WHY? why isnt it snowing here :(
Have a drink & spend your Friday with us tonight at Whiskey Chicks! While you're here - enjoy Nicnos playing the night away from 9pm - 1am!
“: Miller 64 is gross” very gross.
What in the world should I wear tomorrow for ? Anyone else out there going?
so are we. I will keep you posted as we progress! Have a great week!
thanks Malcolm!
Great leadership is trainable.
Tweetchat going on right now! Just use #bridgeteflchat to ask your questions.
I definitely will never date a white bitch again can't relate worth shitttt.
STALL: I-5 NB on the Interstate Bridge- right lane is blocked
": come on guys! he is so close to 1500! folllooowwwww ps im interviewing him monday if anyone has questions"
Jenni did you curl your hair? Oh god, I'll have to switch channel to KIRO
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE $5 GUYS $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
Everyone in our office has already voted three times. Beat that!
Kids never finish they damn food...
when CFBHOF moves to ATL, i'll hang a tommy frazier jersey somewhere inside the new building
Sky was black as midnight and the storm sounded like a freight train running overhead. Lots of rain and hail.
thanks so much. I will make sure to post event details.
I hesitated to get an Internet setup for so long because I didn't want to pay for it and because was terrified of setting it up.
Lots of questions from the audience in this workshop
havin seen lots of these diagrams, you're at least at square 4 :) keep in touch, and thx for using AWS!
Performing tonight at Studio 305 ( 10725 sw 216th St Bay 305 in goulds (blue warehouse) doors open at 9pm and the fee is $5) See you there
nuh-uh! BUT OF course!! movie night beach!
I aint gon b like most baby mamas ima beat sum ass
now Hawaii... Well that brings up the cost of living problem again.
#sad RT So Memphis was voted the fattest city in the nation!
im hungry babe
#LoyaltyOverValueEveryday The simple way to define love...
its true.... drunk driving. shooting
Happy #fridaythe13th makes sense that it would snow today! Be Careful driving.
save the bud light round for me!
#EDU11 revolutions destroy the perfect and enable the impossible.
You can be a slave to sin, which leads to death, or you can choose to obey God, which leads to righteous living. (Romans 6:16 NLT)
monday biology EOC and tuesday im at mater academy taking my AP exam and friday im off to Orlando
Seriously and , why are the scores for the other games so impossibly small.
so wat up
simply sensational #Follows ^_^
Kobe is the lakers RT : I like Kobe just not the lakers
making bday plans with
Obesity is the #1 epidemic in the U.S. and Visalus Sciences is the #1 solution to this number 1 epidemic. Hmm. Contact me for details! EROCK
People always say go with it gut feeling
You can be very effective in life. Start with a perfect physique and you will reach your goals much quicker.
you are younger than 38..
i LOVE kicking balls!
RT : Twin Cities members at last night’s info meeting: "Our 'YES' votes for merger already in the mail—it’s TIME, let’s do this!"
#LT I hate that because usually when I need you the most , I'm alone .
Hey guys just letting you all know we're finishing our e.p. with our producer it will be done within the month,get ready! <3htp
Yes it's when Fred becomes a super star in nickelodeon lol
Way more #Brooklyn(er) than you.
I love this new trend. No worries about breakage and you can put your fav coozy around a can of craft beer!
alright for sure. whose all there?
You're in a joke vortex! It's working back through time! He's be spewing vaudeville gags before the flight is over.
Waaah. I miss watching American Horror Story
Can't hold a good bitch down to long..m-mma b out the loop till sunday till then stay safe n sexy..muah
The ultimate goal is for the charter law to support quality public education for children. -Todd Ziebarth from the National Alliance.
“True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.” I miss you
Stoked to start reading The Good News Club by Katherine Stewart for the new Book Club!
Original or remake ": The night he came home.. 🎃"
this week, an oldie but a goodie: Robinson Crusoe
#AIMSTech12 Poor children don't deserve a poor culture. More music, art, and drama make all our lives better.
You are awesome for this... :P
Chris Hardwick: The Nerdest Way book signing and reading at 8pm
great meeting you and learning more about what you do. Bret
Bangin' and clangin' first thing in the morning. Nothing better.
Noobs can be intimidated by the structure/opinions of Rails. With Sinatra, it's easier to grow into RoR dev
hahaha I just watched your new video and I died and the Beatrice and Gertrude thing. You're fucking awesome :D
have you written anything about reports that WI reporters have signed Gov recall petitions. Interesting debate.
Is going to get off the computer and finish some laundry.
Settling down for a relaxing evening of TV. Go V.
Teachers always wanna give mad work when it comes to the end !
ALL show w/ Scott Reynolds was awesome! Crazy, Carnage, She's My Ex and more, my life is complete.
Mike:) Miss you and the Fam...
Mobbed was awesome tonight! I still adore beyond measure.
we celebrate eleventh year with return to 2010 Midtown Miami location!
“: Aw, loving the tribute! Monday night, at 8PM. Reunion!” loving this!
Also excited as the new 2011 frame design is now ready. pics to follow.
yes she is who got Tiffany started.
I'm going to great lengths to describe DH as a community rather than a field or discipline in an article I'm writing.
I'm looking for somebody I can call boo 💏
No I haven't, I'm considering going like... 3inches though this Summer. Short :P Message me instead of @, it spams people haha
hey dave, i responded to your email regarding tim working with a band, get back to me at your earliest convenience
Fluffy fingers.
Watching this clip of Dr. Dillard directing 'He Decided to Die' -------- DIRECT! Its really like classic. I love it. Omg.
You going to the IMATS show Chica?
I wait till next week
Shout Out To for being my 300th follower!!!
Dang I have 3 crushes, 2 boys and 1 girl totally awesome!!!
what's up r you guys in chicago
There's snow outside!
Just did 4 1/2 hrs of worship music (keys & BGVs) for my bro Todd Ganovski this weekend in Murfreesboro, TN this weekend. I'm beat- night!!
Going out for dinner~ We have to find somewhere with good affordable delicious sandwiches. As if that's hard in Portland, pfft.
i think i want a tattoo on my chest...
its always the INSANE ones calling the rest of the world BSC.
Lovin it all as it comes to me
I've always thought Esmil Rogers was more valuable in the pen than the rotation.
Have so many choices and options but still feel like something is missing
Good job fellow Paulites! We can't let the media win! We the people have the power. Keep it up.
Bout to give yall this #GoodStreetMuzik soon
Do not follow unless U want a belly full of laffs! Big Bry is a talented comedian, #vo guy, & friend.
See over 40 candle warmers and 80 fragrances! Gotta love them!
While itd be cool to live in High Hrothgar, Whiterun makes more sense. Decent real estate, better weather, budding school system.
tweed- tweef. If u tell premonition will it not come true?
Tucker, you are awesome. SO much love and respect for you :)
#LasVegas #Mayweather after party! Get at me for more or my team for more info.
she shoulda been known his ass was crazy when he was fukin her while his wife was upstairs
I can't find my contacts, so glasses to school.
Where can I find good Drupal themes?
$2 Bartenders choice Craft Beer Bottles, $3 Miller/Coors bottles, $1 any mini burgers? Must be Thursday!
That happens frequently when I appear.
Of course...who else is there worth voting for? Anybody who doesn't isn't an idiot, unless they belong to the 1%.
very mysterious! All those tunnels look pretty much alike. Found an after hours club hidden down there a few years ago.
please Adele, follow me. Your my inspiration, I will follow anyone you want me too:) please FOLLOW
these things vary. it looks like its for startup, production, and distribution.
Maybe, but I was raised that way and ended up mostly vegan for years. I'm confident they'll do things for their own reasons.
On the road after stopping off for dinner at Roy Rogers' in NJ. GPS says we've got 3 more hours to go...
I'd rather worry about a stranger than make myself happy.
so, I haven't submitted much poetry lately. I just changed that.
": My favorite sex position is the one where I'm inside a girl."
COME TO HOUSTON MOTHERFUCKER
Ditto": I love working from the bottom up, makes you appreciate the top so much more! #Respectthegrind"
Glad you enjoyed the show. Hope you can make it out to some more.
This is one of the least eventful national championship games ever!
“: i mean i'm sure you could fit in my suit case so why not :)”hahaha knowing you and your wardrobe doubt it
we hit the stage at about 8:30!
Waiting for Figeac
Hello New York. I like that skirt dress.
I love waking up with pills. SO SO motivating.
Wow is the only word I can think of. Wow.
great news!
GOOD LUCK BOYS!! Miss ya here at quad party but you all will look good in rings!!
RT I'm on this new south bitch diet. I'll Let ya know how it goes.
Erotic💋 City New Yrs Eve Smackout !!!!!
fast to die and soon to be forgotten?
If it doesn't exist...create it...
I could easily hurl on command right now
Name the place and the time , i'm out for revenge...LOL!!!
sweet bud, hope to see you out there when your 21.
The process of doing laundry sucks but afterwards when you get your clean 👗👙 you feel a sense of gratitude.
Should have reconsidered looking like a human highlighter today
JS Comment: Range of jobs ## for Bottom off the charts bad. The top off the charts bad. Best ## not 1/2 of promise of 250,000K!
I'm going to prove myself to you that you are worth everything to me.
Fewer things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. -Booker T. Washington.
and to you!
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS **
best timeout entertainment so far; 's Justin Beiber freak out during clippers game. Too funny!
Hey Jake. Good luck with the game. DM me? I have something important to ask.
Isn't it a penalty to spike the ball like that?
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Yes I did :( hehe i'm following u bae
Keep on dreamin even if it breaks your heart<3
Looking for an AAE with Corp PR experience. Email me at
RT!! ": i don't care what anyone says.. smyrna high school sucks without the seniors, point blank"
an 8-0 run for stretching back to the 2nd quarter
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK!
Agreed. Some evil marketing firm probably told them that they needed a big parking lot otherwise no one would go the brewpub
Listening to Head Coach Ryan Mougenel right now on 100.5FM, talking Kelly Cup Finals
I can't explain how good you are man. Keep up the great work.
You've got to have the right mix of firmness, compassion, empathy, moral conviction, expertise, and other leadership traits.
At 5pm we'll share a MLK quote in honor of The King Center Imaging Project being at the #NURFC. Do you have a fave MLK quote?
What's up root?
The guy that decided Jamo was good is a dick. And probably Oirish. Hang em.
Whomp whomp😲 Guess its bedtime! Whoa tomorrow is Friday! 😉
Curious - how did you explain it to her? What made her finally understand?
RT : Mitt #Romney to Fox affiliate in Denver: "I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name."
Annual dinner with client @ #GrandHyatt Straits Kitchen in Singapore Fabulous food from all over the region Check it out for a real treat
ughh yeah! Amazingly gorgeous!!(;
RT “: Comp open bar from 9pm-12pm for #industrytuesdays no cover+skip line email names to ”
hey Nick I will be in Cairo March 2nd and would Love to meet for a coffee!
Those Speed Enforced by Aircraft signs don't understand how eager I am to get pulled over by an F-16
HATE THE NEW TWITTER LOOK!! PUT IT BACK!!!!!
Can't wait for this day to be over.
so glad to see you the other night. Don't forget about Friday...
Hah, great stuff. Neil never disappoints.
Two-thirds of the world's executions occur in China. #odd facts
Hi all! Sorry, was away for a few days. Back here again. Get back to you all soon!
Have you heard about 's taxi project?
Good Morning tweeties blessed to see another 24!
no way! :) we're super pumped for it!
I'm feeling some kinda way
Now I'm stuck in the hallway with a bag full of food, no shoes and just one credit card. Guess it's not all that bad. Had my phone too
If I recall correctly, we operate in a capitalist economy. If that's true, than it's also true that wealth is not a measure of self worth
UNDERTAKER WILL NEVER BE DEFEATED AT #WRESTLEMANIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no camera tonight, but #magicORGANS anniversary special coming soon!! :)
Both, undoubtedly. If TAL is not the journalist in this situation, they are at minimum the editor.
Unfortunately Jacky and Blake won't be with me but I can't wait to see you guys.
He tryna get sumn to "eat" tomorrow morning. Ha! Think he slick.
I'm glad it went good! I can't wait for May 12th! My first time sharing the stage with It's an honor.
I'll be in Midlothian tomorrow @ the Bremen HS Craft Show 15203 S Pulaski from 9-3. Come check out all of my handmade bath & body products!
What happened to your app? It's no longer available in the Apple App Store.
Gotta get it mane and make sure that my momma straight!!
Hope not...
New classes for May: Amigurumi and Henna!!!
Jessica Chastain looks fabulous in McQueen!
One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own fire | John W. Foster
was Anna Sun being the single of the week the big news?
just waiting for justin to come on the voice[: did you have a good day?
A state gun? Seriously, legislators? Get to work on things that matter. Embarrassing.
so wat u tryna do fool
dinner at tonight!
The Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest's jackpot is at $70 Today!
Moved Here from FinHeaven
Among my favorite parts of the day. They OWNED us. :)
Well, that's too strong a word. But heaven knows where it is.
Jamie, just wanted to let you know every time I get to hear your voice, it stays with me...keep on keepin on girl:)!
Beautiful work! I'm thinking it might be cool to have a photo section in our upcoming issue called: Scenes from a Small Town
I'll text you if we go out we might go to krave idk yet haha
Meeting #3: my work is x-organizational so this one is at ITS, related to Academic Technology Services.
Getting yelled at to wake up to "help" make Hamburger Helper .. MotherFucker Hamburger Helper is a ONE person job #smh #idiots 😒😡🔫
Keep your head high, and your middle finger higher.
Congrats to Linda Mohon and Jamie Rieckhoff, winners of sneak peek passes to see #TheVow at Regal Green Hills.
well, I just got kindled. The darn thing is in the mail...
#Investor Tip: Be wary of any investments that guarantee a specific yield.
I had issues w the 25th anniv. cast so I skipped it haha but if youre ever lookin for a buddy in town 2g2 a show let me know! :)
next time you need vinyl banners let us know! Lowest prices in the county!
So much crap to do before work!!
*prays for his future kids last name*
#ThoughtsWhileRunning cramp...cramp...CRAMP! 😖🏃
Agree completely. Ran into him around town a couple of times, always pleasant.
I have a thing with white shirts and coffee stains this week...
1 Cubit = 1.5 Feet. I'm bringing back this ancient form of measurement
loll sounds good !
I'm so glad I followed my first mind
how come you un followed me!?!?!?!):
Can the #Bucks give at least an effort.everytime i buy in,they disappoint. hopeful tonight
Make 'em buy it.
His phone is back on. <-Kelsey xoxo>
I forgot OkC was playing..
A very happy (belated) birthday to !!! xoxox
see tumbler 140 characters ain't enuf for this greatness."Thunder Road."
I mean, it's fine to "ask" for it, hope for it, but you seem to expect it, and I don't think that is fair given situation.
700 women coming as far as Florida donated breast tissue ovr weekend for indy's super cure!
Yo follow my hommie and get your mind right
I notice that you exist! I notice that all of my fans exist :)
Denver Hummer Limos! Denver Limo Inc has 20-33 Passenger H2 limousines in Colorado! Single, Double & Triple Axle www.denverlimousine.com
Wish I was kitty and could just sleep all day!!!
shopping the holidays online with the pungle.me app is one of the best ways to give back!
yeah, not bad tho! I was just saying whats on my mind that's all
Thank you so much for the well wishes! We may need more than luck. We may need a seance and a blessing.
I saw her in concert when i was like 5 <3 haah
FACT: Women with short haircuts are required by law in the State of Iowa to do anal until their hair grows out to just below their jawline.
blushing ladies
We promise!!!!
Nimbuzz to offer operator billing in next 10 days - The Mobile Indian
PLEASE change your icon!! I know it's egg nog but it looks like puke!
RT how much hop is in that pop? cervezas A-Z benefiting nice mc'ing kyle aka
is joining ! We couldn't be more excited!
omg.this is insane.People still watch it and waste their time? this is unfair.
we'll do a pool party soon.
oh no you di-ent!! I'll be looking for it!
Lab TA wins heavy sleeper award. Just champed through a projector screen crashing up and the lights turning on w/o stirring.
lol you at the game?
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: engagement going to come from API usage, not 3rd party Dev community.
Oh look, my Windows Product Key is suddenly "invalid". Yes, , correcting your software bugs is what I wanted to do this morning.
There are real journalistic issues for a paper that invested in UK bball, but "don't troll the fanbase" isn't a tough call.
Is there anything cuter than Kermit the Frog...
false I think I should be thanking you I love that never lose you song and I still can't wait to #losecontrol !!
guys Mike and Jesse rock the #abq tour thing like nobody else. If you haven't done the trolley, what U waiting for??
Enjoy my friend. How are you getting settled?
I need a dorky girl to walk into my life today....
training and teaching an outdoor class to some ladies!
nope, just offering help to a fellow writer :)
The areas with liberal abortion laws also have better sexual education. Thus preventing unwanted pregnancies.
Monster House goes hard.
So much drama I just want everything to end :'l
Good job football team, we're all proud of you
I hope im not too late!! nothing would make me happier right now than a reply from you ♥
Congrats to The Artist. Loved it.
Great Insight. : posed question: What does CW visitation say? Are we actually telling a story inclusive of all?
My office will conduct an audit of the QCCT, which disburses $30 million+ in state and local indigent care money to University Hospital.
Zumba to the MAX! Lol I'm so hardcore....not really.
One day. Four flights. Halfway done. Currently in L'Ville for 3 hours then heading back home
The truth hurts.
i hope he leaves with nothing but regret
I would gladly accept an iPad 3 to better follow you on twitter. Thanks for asking!
hi, there is an NCP on Lombard ST. if u park in there, when you come out of the front you should be near Wilkos. turn right
Saw Star Wars today in theatres and was a little shocked/upset i didnt see there.
72 holes of golf last weekend in West Virginia with friends & beer. If that sounds like bragging, it is! Haha good times......
I was there for 24 hrs, but check out People's Book store and the food trucks!
Hope I didn't jump the gun! Love the ad.
Elite Eight games: Florida vs. Louisville at 4:30, Syracuse vs. Ohio State at 7:05 EST. #Gators are favored by 1.5, #Buckeyes favored by 3.
U can say that again. The scary thing is I can remember my sophomore year, 30 years ago.
My brother is going to be 20 years old next month and he still watches anime.
Salaried employee? How do you feel working for free today?
I LOVE chocolate
Every time I see a post about #Edelman, I think it's about the #PR firm and not the Pats football player. Anyone else?
Mystery something on the pizza today not leaving a good feeling post lunch!
I'd rather be absolutely crazy than absolutely boring.
I'll be Releasing my first song tomorrow!
Random: Neighbor & I have this "healthy" Halloween competition every year. We are already talking about potential additions for this fall.
we'll get em next year
FAVORITE. :D Do you have a favorite musician??
Oh look, another photo of some girls' painted fingernails thanks instagram.
Why settle for pathetic? You should expect the magnificent!/transformative/X
Rt??? I got hacked today and so did another Ariantor, spread the warning please. It wud meana LOT! Thank you <3 *Bretana*
Even out of Midway, I can't seem to fly through Chicago without having my flight delayed
And impossibly-ridiculous and crazy-scary. p.s. How's California? Are you famous yet?
I recently held a "Taste and Play" for my fellow SAHMs and Viognier beat the Italian and Spanish samples :)
The biggest mistake one could make is choosing Coke over Pepsi
Goodnight Twitter...
Thank you for following me!
Trying to find a way to see tonight,
"Nothing But Love" but which version will we see. Remode? or maybe remix?
The auricular spectacular will feature the themes from Laura (starring Gene Tierney) and Cover Girl (with Rita Hayworth and Gene Kelly).
I wouldnt mind if that happened to me :P
I no what u mean I love Justin but if his videos got deleted all his fan would be the same way we are now
columbus ohio is exactly 70
hey stranger things are going well. How have you been?
HAHA nice song choice! I laughed and smiled throughout the while video! Thank you for making me happy everyday! :D <3
I'm wasting my fucking life.
The American Basketball Association (ABA) will televise pro basketball games across the United States on major television networks in 2009.
I just have my ticket on paypal, you can see the link on the page
story on city tax assessment is enlightening and well researched! In the end, work like this is ultimately good for the city
And so it goes... Great game. Sad finish.
I heard Feelin' It. Good job man. RT : Way to go you never let me down bro DDP baby!!!!!
Homee had the funnest day w/my new shopping biff kattiana ..but my feet are killing!.
I am a strange one in that I wash my hands, and then go to the bathroom..? then wash my hands again
I just found out why I could never date someone on the jersey shore
- Caddyshack is a given. Ghost Busters is close. What About Bob is definitely better than Groundhog Day and GB2.
"The price of excellence is discipline. The cost of mediocrity is disappointment." -William Arthur Ward
. says: his job is to acquire & exhibit digital collections in 's performing arts section.
ah! So busy! What arebyoi up to the next few days?
Yung Bambino Memphis Grown Rapper Next In Line For The Throne - BAM!!!!
Midnight trip to steak and shake with
Fuck around and put her to bed!
When I was little I wanted to play for the Lady Vols MT Every player Pat Summit coached graduated ... G.O.A.T.
- I have #shortsale client w/#mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale. What to do??
Are you solely based abroad. I have a great opportunity for you but you need to be based out of the US. Call me.
I think they call that "Pageant Crack"
Glad you are wearing a rice shirt :] and congrats. you are doing color guard?
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
spread his wings a bit.
Fabulous dinner at Ippuku in Berkeley to celebrate 9 years. :) yum.
“: You are welcome & I will definitely keep it moving! One monkey don't stop no show, you know?”>>>indeed! Love ya :)
#keenkongbeta invite pretty please with bananas on top?
Happy CUATRO de mayo! Working at tonight at 5 running food. First shift back on the grind! Come say hi! (;
true. Music has no borders.
I think they got it shushed in the back area by the loading docks.
yeah right! Although this place could convert me!
Brian, What are you looking for and where? I can help you find a place. DM me or Email my assistant:
Burger of the Week: Pepperoni Cheeseburger on a Grilled Pretzel Roll with Mozz, onions, peppers, lettuce, tomato and pepperoni! Stop in :)
post things you want to talk about and ask questions that you have and respond to others, if you have time.
I just wanna go 2 bed. Fuck it. Night night 
You be selling tickets?
I wear night cream during the day.
"Doing The Most Good' RT : No class today! Working at the salvation army :) x
Waitin for this Chinese Food ! :p
Ah! They're playing "Bad Girls" in the preview for the next season of #BGC!!!
Yovani Gone-yard-o strikes again!
When a boy calls you cute, he likes your face; when he calls you hot, he likes your body. When he calls you beautiful, he likes your heart
100% hind part free
MT Rivera said he "was sweating and screaming" to as he watched 9th inn on TV...Hm...<So were we...so were we!
Yes! Music!!!! Although I love a flashy show as much as the next guy - nothing beats talent!!!
shepard smith is gay. For real. Well known in media circles
about to start being 100 % Real with People
oh! so rad! and...math zebra shoes!
Kobe the gawd is on....if anyone thinks they can text me right now....so help me god.
My 2 birds are all full of themselves now bec I'll be talking about them at New York Comedy Club on Sat. at 8. OMG did I just do a plug? ;)
HARRY DIDNT CUT HIS HAIR
a friend suggested listening to "cold cave". Need to check it out.
Certainly is interesting. I'll give you that!! ;)
If I had a TV, I would be watching in #TheClientList this SUNDAY.
every time I conference I think of you
"these are crack abs!!"
Shout out to our 2011sponsors! See you again in 2012! Bigger and Better! We learn from our mistakes and grow as a community!
been struggling with that all damn day haha. Hopeful for an opportunity soon, but not expecting one lol
If the are going to continue to play like this I'm all in for vs Orioles world series.
Please ask me about the intricacies of #DataManagement practices in the climatology research community—I can explain them in < 1,500 words.
Rhonda's writing and updating her new website
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Scrapbooking Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Yes, in a factory for 12 hours per day. That's where were headed anyway, right?
Not at the moment. Join our facebook group to stay in the loop.
Loud pple in the morning<<<<
Content that "doesn't deserve to be on television" is native (and successful) on the web. "Crap is gold"
Apparently my cat is going to look like a camel for a couple days as fluids absorb into his system
I filled the living room of my first apartment with furniture from Ax-Man Surplus.
ROFL!!! You tweaked a little bit then
So much fun at the Saints game/party for Saints friends and family afterwards. Met and spoke to , such a nice guy!
Today was so much fun.(:
I know what to do...
Truth hurts and those lies heal.
just asking but were you being serious? Haha
Follow this Cody fan account if you're a true #Simpsonizer <3 -Jordan.
My favorite Mexican Restaurant was really crowded tonight, for some reason. And the beer was cheap.
N.H. trooper praised for rescue of man from burning vehicle in Andover
is just pursuing profit. Rather than #corporategreed it should be
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 14
Morning everyone!!!!
Still reeling from Pupy Cuban series at Yoshis last week. Grupo Reve from Cuba in 2 weeks. Can't wait!
I'll be happy with a K. Got it.
Tracking guitars on this beautiful Saturday morning
Should felons be allowed to vote, especially if they served their time?
did you live there or were you just a visitor?
Thanks Joe for following. Have a great weekend.
They did indeed! Especially like the grayscale one!
Wonders what is that smell.
Lol... Starting to think UNHOLY thoughts, I see why them old heads say nobody should be up this late
I hope I'm not forever disconnected
you should tweet me more often. :)
everybody in hollywood is either getting pregnant or divorced!!!
im totally luvin my followers but i would really luv some more so people keep on pressing the follow button on my profile
ur welcome! Nothing much. Same o same.
His mixtape is going to be CRAZY!! RT : This dude is AMAZING!!!! I'm a fan!!!!!
hmm.. Er, yes'am young lady.
Thanks for the Dilly Bars!!!
what's good when are you going to be in the Chi?
Let me know what you want in a design!
Happy 21st Eve!!
Good luck you scholar!
it's only 3? :o
It is about to get real in the airport security line
follow me back?! You girls are so pretty!!! I admire you both!!
Thanks for the follow! check us out if you like nyhiphop shit!
Hey Cam Imma cry on Sunday i dont want it to end im gonna miss hearing u guys:( follow me please??:)
Does anyone know why Selena was seen crying?
that's how god damn stressed I am
I love how your twitter I all one directio zyan. Liam. And harry♥.♥
Great day jammin to and 24-7. It was a great day. Thanks guys! ^^^^^^^^^
What is your projection on Craig's final '12 #s given what you just said re: K rate.
great! Were currently on our way to redding for one right now :)
Treat every interaction as an opportunity to build trust or break it down
. You will soon both SEE and HEAR me beating you over the head with a frying pan.
working! good thing I love what I do... but I wouldn't mind a day to veg
ugh, that is such a frustrating debate to listen to. It pisses me off how ignorant some people are!
What time we begging.
No problem. I have to finish my science project. It was nice talking to you Devon. Goodnight :)
I have a bad taste in my mouth. I was there for Easter. Plus, it's hard to get up and go. Long flight from Vegas.
Try not to hold it against me (: I promise, no #LosAngelesVikings jokes will ever be uttered by me.
I'm on bainbridge island eating at the 122. It's amazing!
"Oh shit."...."yea oh shit, yea oh SHIT" #Bridesmaids>>>>>
(Clues to follow)
sorry boys. There are rules & commitments The Knight Lance will have it at 12:30 PM (ET)
