I think last night was the best episode of the season! I would totally watch BLACKASS.
Got a man cuffin’, nigga think he popo She tryna go below the belt, thinkin’ low blow I’m thinking oh yeah, he thinkin oh no
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Johnson & Johnson Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
DO IT BIG TONIGHT!
My moms talking about how people never want to come over but i always want to go over their house. Wtf?! Are you stupid?! They always ask!!!
That is like saying all the operations a surgeon has done has no impact on his current ability.
Shocker RT A Senate committee has pulled pilot program to tie welfare benefits 2 clean drug tests from Ohio budget bill
Lovin all my followers as big as twitter characters will allow me :P
Thanks for the RT!
Hard work and talent...
I wish I had guy friends like my uncles friends lol
Do you have a secret want that you don't think you deserve? Dare yourself to have it. Text You today "I want ____ and it's OK."
RT : We must pass on #highered to the next generation in better shape than we found it -
you were to stiff you move like a dead person my dear
Run time. It's a hot one today!
Followed the wrong person smh..
LOL, yeah those wonderful curbs! That sucks, poor Athena
You are so...deep.
please hurry
Hi : ) *Welcome to Twitter*
We love our fans! Keepin it real RT“: You guys are the chillest upcoming clothing company I swear haha love y'all!”
You're welcome, Fresh! Love the tanks too, nice new Summer line.
Today was the longest day ever...
Usher definitely had a wardrobe malfunction. Janet Jackson's was more amusing.
Thanks for RT
Mitchie, you need to be hired as HWE's merch girl. You know you want to hire her
Is Playstation Network back up yet? I'm starting to have withdrawals. *Smh*
Haha be like I changed my mind at the last minute!
text me your numba!!
terracota warriors in times square til at least January. I'll review it in a few hours, in 140 characters or less!
Watched After the Wedding on Amazon Prime (free) and found it very watchable. Worth staying up too late.
Buying old, broken things at Goodwill just because they look cool...
Still haven't decided about
celbrating my birthday today. Grilling at a friends house. Then game time. will go beast mode 2nite!
Team Jesus,,,Keep faith,keep going,,Stay focus,keep praying,,,TEAM JESUS LETS GO
oh well thanks pal. But Im not gonna do all that now.. I'll just bring it on monday. I want it to be neat and such :)
she was replying with that tumblr link...
nice to hear from you, I love the #futbol card today as we are moving lines across the world, it's a fact not #rhetoric I can
Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king. Carry yourself like a hoe and we'll see how far you go.
When Nathanael imitates my accent in the morning you know he's had enough sleep.
jimmy fallon is awesome right now.
idk what that just said
My bf met you I'm looking at your website, and I have to say - what you do/are is what I aspire to do/be. :-)
Not everything that is faced can be changed
Be too busy
That is one smart cookie! RT Bad customer service, supersedes all advertising and marketing. #NCMPR3 (via )
Those people that you could retweet over and over again, but you don't because you don't wanna seem like a stalker..
Some guy called into Wheelin' & Dealin' selling a VHS player for $2 (remote included!!!!). What is the point, even?
2012 Resolution #7: Learn a new language, whether it's of a spoken or programming variety.
It's official, headed back to Colombia, this time as a staff doctor for a #SVOSH trip from May 6-13. Should be a great experience!
Enjoyed "Have You Ever Loved a Woman" by Freddie King on Slacker
I. Hate. Boys.
i could totally be a philosopher. i already answer everything with "why".
To my very punny friend... you must follow It's corny and awful and just wonderful.
The video is so cute! Rack up those miles so you can come out here! :)
Rico Muerte live at the conservatory tonight! If you're not there you're missing history in the making!!!
blasting MEST on my way to work! Awesome way to start the day!
when's move out day?
wtf wells fargo is no longer going to waive the monthly fee for my account.
My GF is cooler than yours, why? SHE GOT ME A #RJA SETLIST!!!!
Enjoying a great company outing w/ and Brew Crew
come home and lets stay up and watch movies!!
is vext the proper past part. of "to vex"? Sources is Using English.com wtf?
Haha, when we said our stuff is a "total steal", we didn't mean literally!!!
Anthro Professor: "I used to argue that Anthropology was an art, then I realized I could get a bigger office if I said it was a science."
Hi Duane, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand how much people LOVE your brand. Follow me 2 DM?
Yesterday, colleague and I got called girls. I'm 40. She's in her late 20s. My 8 yr old is a girl. We are not.
aw have fun everyone! miss y'all!
You lost the best thing thàts ever walked into your life.
Corporate Run connects job with jogging
sorry I have been doing plays for the show
Check that - Grouplove's 2nd to last song, then moved into a brief Whitney Houston cover. #continuedappreciation They put on a good show
Geraldo Rivera blames hoodie and parents for letting him wear one. WHAT???
Awww. Love it!
My co-worker just told me subway chocolate chip cookies are 290 cal. each. No way. It's too late anyway, I just ate three.
"Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade." Leo Buscaglia
Ha, I'm a fan of He challenges assumptions, and not everyone's cool with that. But I've learned a lot from him.
No idea if there is a market for that. I just was sharing it on Twitter. You could prob teach me a thing or 2 about Branding.
“: "THIS IS A HANDS IN YOUR POCKETS CONVERSATION." ( understands.) Oh, I do. I really do.
Revolutionary Cleaning, we pride ourselves on using only the newest tools and techniques to ensure our customers` complete satisfaction.
Hey my name is Rocko and im an addict # Too live
ok there was an error if you are interested in promoting us contact or email
i just wanted to let you know i reached a milestone in tweets😝😄
Thanks, things are real good, hope everything is good with you!
Hello sir, thanks for the follow! I've been a fan since I heard "Testifyin'" on back in the 90's!
the lake of fire is HOT!! #slander (via )
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything. -George Lois
Kobe has lutz tonight. For all you non-Armenian Tweetrs, that's a stomach virus. It'll be interesting to see how Kobe performs with Lutz.
Diablo's boring as hell thus far. How do you have an exact presale count and lack servers? Save your money and get Torchlight.
WE R GOING TO KARMA
doesnt look like imma #getDGAFtoNY so i gotta take a trip to PA...
Everyone should follow , he lost his 10,000 followers. =[
thanks for the retweet!!
Fan on popularized vampires?
lmao! that's cute
Why do other artist think I gotta do what they doin to be doin something im in my own lane got my own path #mind yours
In The Shoe - let's go Bucks!!!!
I could get this project done a lot faster if I didn't keep taking breaks.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures do not lie, yet admits than under analysis a few of them won't stand up either.
I'm walking in the strip club next time and asking them bitches can I get a tip for watching they wack ass dance instead ...
I need to go to Toronto.I wana go out there and do music and really get into the vibes off Canada
Hey stranger! What have you been up to these days?!
#RejectedPickupLines can i eat you sideways?
Looking forward to it Fred...
now you have two people who call you that Bucky
RIP Junior Seau. Sad day. If the suicide report is true, another reason why I can't stand people joking about killing themselves.Its no joke
FWD: : Watch Nightline TV3 - segment on Dave Stroud is on tonight and they 'might' show a snip of my lesson !
Amazing article! The characters tug on your heart strings but evidently are great teachers as well
Are you back home safe and sound?
This album will swim like fish! Soar like flying fish! Pee in the water like fish! Er, wait, scratch that last.
Amare is only one I can think of.
-- I'll be home sometime around July 7 ... any chance we can do an Applebee's lunch around that date?
My brother Jim & his wife just had a baby boy, so I'm now a new & proud uncle. May God bless little Jack Ruefle.
I forgot to ask you where you get all you ink done!?! It was good seeing you. Too bad you snuck in & out so quickly!
Recruiters: Which of your daily tasks takes most of your time?
TBCC and by these BETCHES i mean dudes to! Cuz a real man can cook a meal plus youll get more booty too!
wow...u look like shit....
just sent you an email via your website. let us know if you don't get it, or if there is a better way to reach you! <3
Everybody else is just full of sh*t!
I am already.
I still think jermaine's was the best, he killed it!
As a response to the Lucroy HBP, with low OBP Gomez? You bet. RT All of the "buntaholics" out there gotta love Ron Roenicke.
What goes around comes around.
I hope or #OWS fucks your shit up hard core you lying sacks of shit. Thanks for screwing me out of a LOT of money.
And after 4 hours we are home. X
We share a birthday! November 28, 1987. I think that is enough to garner a follow if you ask me! (You didn't.)
Awesome answer Mandy!
thanks for the RTs!
Feline heartworm disease develops when your cat is bitten by a mosquito carrying microscopic heartworm larvae.
...in all things give thanks
please follow me i follow back!!!!
Whats the point of lying. It gets you no where!
This show friend zone on mtv makes me want to cry.
great fight tonight my man. Just gained a new fan.
Congrats to for being Pregnant
Jesus..I'm so tired of so-called musicians like ! That ain't music in the slightest..go hang with shitty
I love the three pricing options, are you going to have them for all future EVOLVE/DGUSA PPVs?
Avengers Academy 28: writes perhaps the best Team Meets Team book ever - thoughtful and reasoned and insightful - DvL
my dad bought 6 tickets to see you guys! We only needed 2. Lol. MAY 24th WILL BE AMAZING!!!!! <3
smile, you're on camera :-)
niall please follow me!!!
I'd rather miss out on that :)
Suppose I should work on something real quick before class.
look into some stuff for the fall semester. but my focus is summer since i have more time. also trying to get some stuff started
"enforced cosmopolitans" vs. "kinetic elite" -
Goodnight loves <3
You can get my CD "Heaven" on itunes and CD Baby!
On to Afghanistan. It's about time this debate gets back to topics GOP voters care about.
We agree. Glad you enjoyed :)
way to go!
Whew, it got warm in the hotel room & no thermostat to be found. The duvet weighs about 50 lbs too.
How was your lunch?
you guys need to have the Regular Show countdown ticker on everyday!
When situation gets you down, remember there's Someone in Heaven who loves you and watches over you and there's someone on Earth who cares.
Liking that after 3 yrs of staring at Word Docs, I am spending my last grad school final project playing on Pinterest!
Slick Music Studio Paramount Open Jam on Fri. Aug. 12, 7-11pm All performers all styles welcome. Free event! Sign in starts at 6:30pm
I'm at the Jesmyn Ward reading at Stanford. Not held at a large venue, I'm surprised. Should I be surprised?
09 Duckhorn Migration #Chardonnay. Vanilla cream nose. Melon, good acid, very (too) buttery. Neither complex nor subtle. 87 pts
had a fun day at hadoop summit, met a lot of interesting folks
Going to docutweet all my drinks today. Drink 1 - Guinness
Thank you God for waking me up this morning to see another day!
great we have to put up with them for BILLIONS of years now. thanks a lot archaeologists!
Ok - I'm giving up. Hopefully my parents can cancel their plane tickets out here. Shitty start to the day. Thanks for nothing,
I am cheering for #VCURams over #Hoosiers on
I wasn't tweeting about my emotions. Lol. Those were song lyrics
MY NECK STILL HURTS...
Hey justin
Just got back from dress rehearsal. Can't believe the show opens this Thursday!
“: When you can't get around it, can't get over it, can't get under it, you just gotta go thru it!”
RT : Help find more followers. The rd ahead will b long&hard. More support = easier to help
Don't forget to vote for "The Best of the Best". Entry form was in Sunday's Caller-Times paper. I'm putting ICHIBAN in for Best Buffet.
By the way, #SawItOnFSOhio is the worst hashtag ever.
Please help us and honor our military by donating your used cell phones at shuttle-stop barrels during
Just ripping up a dive bar in San Diego w the old man
anyone in #Boston in need of an extra / ticket for tonight?
thats my favorite show
it's fun! Just figuring it out a little at a time...
Yay! First of many, I hope.
Oh god guy on my flight keeps hacking up a lung I can already feel the germs surrounding me
IM SO HIGH MY EYES VIEWIN DOUBLE BRO WTF U GOT ME SMOKE?
Every master has one quality in common. They’ve learned to love the process. Loving the process is what sets you free.
never too old for hot pink!
not a bad guest.
Another tough one for Blazers...pretty impressed by JJ Hickson and Nolan Smith tonight...More playing time maybe?
this show is making me depressed about not having my liscense :(
Everyone Goes Atop The Empire State Building....But How Many People FLY OVER It!!!
Wishes it was Friday already.
Am good how r you :)
Congratulations!!!! As a fellow cat owner... I commend you! Cats are fantastic companions!
It's becoming more of just a reason to be away from a asshole.
#Dodgers move to 16-6 after sweeping Washington, one of the hottest teams in baseball and throwing their top 3 starters.
Oh man flash back! Did those exercise tapes with my mom. LMAO!
Good, but I don't think they compare to Fantasia, Ruben, JHud, Kelly, Carrie, Chris
So. Tired.
Most beautiful day ever for a February. 😄
No opposition to SB 1291 (Evans); There was support expressed from the California Labor Federation and SSPI Tom Torlakson. No qourum yet.
You have to sit down when you eat otherwise you'd dance...
In the mood to watch an epic movie. Not Epic Movie, but an epic movie. Any ideas?
Will someone PLEASE give me some information on www.Xyngular.com/SamC I know that there has to be someone out there that reads my posts .
“ follow for good tweets and I'll get u 2 followers just RT 1 of his tweets”
he finally followed me #TYBG Lol
what your HEART says is what is right:) follow your heart
Pickwick Hotel on 5th is good if they have openings
awww thanks for following!!! Hope your birthday was a blast
Ikr ; u cnt speak talking bout eating soup special soup
#3WordsForYou i hate you.
I need some candy.
got the new job, and new place is in the works, but i lost some1 i love. The good is not as sweet when u have no1 2 share it with :-(
M&M BITCHES ARE INSANE. THEY MIGHT LOOK DIFFERENT BUT THEY TASTE THE SAME
ugh I know!!! I don't know what happened!
Spruce Street Closed on Wed. April 11 & possibly Thurs. April 12 due to construction.
Is it too early to call the Bobby Valentine hiring in Boston a complete failure?
I'm gonna Marry the Night, I won't give up on my life, I'm a warrior queen, Live passionately, Tonight ♪
Amen from us as well. Perhaps you'd like to check out our prayer-app, please see: www.birdofprayer.org
Look from SEGA Citroen renamed game | WOW Gold,Instant Gold
Melt your faces time
Yes! Pumpkin! She is so much fun!
a bullet
Yes. Because they have a sizable audience that they influence.
lmfao!!! Omg . I would of died
Right. even if I did swing that way I could do way better. Lololol kidding, Selma's hawt.
4yo nephew upon seeing Santa decoration: Where's Santa? Wait, I know, he's at the North Pole.
Fried Oreos<3
Here's to the good times & drinking down the bad..
Glad you got my present i sent you !!!
That awkward moment when even you teacher is shocked that your reading...
Green and Gold pancakes for breakfast.....Gee who are we rooting for today??????
We hope to see you tonight at The Basement! We've missed you! :)
I'm looking forward to seeing what people do with the data!
Workout kicked my butt keeps me motivated too!! Now to get ready for the week..
I've been thinking about my posse all day. Definitely Marty Crane, Dan from Roseanne, Donatello, and Oprah...
Call me nephew
This sure is a weak ass monday
The time of miracles has not passed.
Our drummer has joined twitter follow his baby ass!
Geaux Saints!! come on pick that game up! got matt and taylor over were doing it big even know there colts fans!!
FINE I'M GOING BY MYSELF.
So far the season has been fantastic. Every year #MLS gets stronger, the crowds get bigger and the games more intense.
Men often hate each other because they fear each other; they fear each other because they don't know each other;
woo.....****** i am trying to finish my CINEMATOGRAPHY book.. from Jan 25th..Still two more segments to go.:-((
Booked a voice over gig for the Oprah network
i was thinking to same thing. That weird.
“: I feel like bugs talk about my blood to each other, and recommend me to all the other bugs... #itchy #bit #fml” I feel ya.
I miss watching perform on #idol, and almost fainting whenever he looked into the camera like he was looking into my soul...
motherfucker I do not wanna do laundry whine.
I so got a cold coming this field life is not 4 me
Damn I'm bored!!!
Good Morning. -_- Today you should have a Cherimoya.
...Allow Jesus to move you out of your comfort zone and be a part of Him making the impossible possible.
I love doing the results analysis! Especially when we get a $9 return on every $1 spent!!
Wanna go to the doubleheader tomorrow but also want to go to the show at
Google "Jiffy Pop dangerous". I dare you.
Enjoyed "Al Cortar Una Gardenia" by Little Joe on Pandora
That was awkward
hey lady! When do you graduate? And was is your degree in?
chillin' at the mal.
What is your New Year's resolution?
Hunger Games vs. Twilight---Which story wins in all out fistfight?
Bored as hell
Well that proved that... There is only one Revive!!!
this summer
I'm running the office for I'm doing grassroots organizing for the #wisen recall elections.
Columbia Parkway is a cluster cuss this morning.
What makes democracy work? Persistence - John Sutter, who has been working for decades to preserve east bay parklands.
I do love an audience
wat do u think....
Absolutely!! IF I win!! LOL I not gonna hold my breath! I never win anything! LOL
I'm watching you live now and you look amazing. I loved dancing for you! (:
RT : Congress should pass the #BuffettRule next week so middle-class families don't pay a higher tax rate than millionaires.
I am anxious to learn abt the market I love to be crafty and take photos.
Rant: In my limited experience administering sweepstakes, most people don't plan on winning.
Thanks for the follow! WE followed back.
Just heard that the teams for game 6 tried the newest brand of #somethingaboutmary glove conditioner.
hey I have to take up for my buddy most of it was glass water bottles :)
A guy named Thomas Crapper actually manufactured toilets, the root of the phrase "using the crapper"
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt smoke only if your species produces bodily smoke for environment living conditions.
I'm jealous I need a vacation lol.
I need to lose 1.01 lbs a week until my birthday to reach my end goal of 135. Totally doable!
Get the hell out. A detected churro place!? I must go.
Morning edit part 2. Four hours in and still going strong.
RT : If the 2010s continue as they have, we'll remember the decade only as 50`yr anniversaries of stuff that happened in the 1960s
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.” Eleanor Roosevelt
Mentorship matters. Challenge yourself to start mentoring today!
I'm glad to here the poon squad put in on poo county
Stay tuned.... New R5 website coming soon
Cleaning house for inspection. I'm so happy!
Haven't seen or talked to in way too long! Crew game soon? :)
thanks for the follow :)
Today I typed until my fingers hurt. Just took two Advil.
Talk about rebound hahaha that shit is just hilarious.
Participating in Yom Hazikaron Ceremony in Yerushalayem - very solemn, very meaningful
Everything is funnier if you are not allowed to laugh.
#immature is a word boring people use to describe fun people
I really hope this is not God's answer to my prayer....
I think the crime rate would go up for ass whoopings
Why does having a case of "The Mondays" suddenly mean that the Philadelphia Eagles have lost again?
We want in for the next volunteer night at
Who is ready for Leap Day?
Sure! Come by any time tomorrow before 5.
thanks for the retweet!
my wife has managed to hoard 108 eggs.
pussy alert did la rough you up :-p
all good choices, and all would be cool, but it gotta be K-Doe.
When Harry Met Sally
I think I get it: Twitter is for smart people, especially the ones who hate the cash bars at the annual conference.
she doesn't do any treatment. Said she's tried medicine b4 that didn't work. There's days she's just done. Can't get out of bed.
Can't wait for glee to start @ 8:00pm it is a 2 hour and it is going to have Lindsay lohan in it can't wait peace out
I SWEAR IF PHILLIP GOES HOME IM DONE WITH AMERICAN IDOL. CLEARLY PHILLIP HAS WAY MORE TALENT THAN HOLLY. OMFGG
...Albany? No but seriously, I dunno why you expected not-Bond-villains
Fell asleep sitting up wt cell in hand. The devil told me to throw it. I woke up~cell's too important.
why does Butler schedule none Exibition games vs against schools who are not Division 1 schools?
We did like over a yr ago with at that ranch out of town. This is the first time in forever.
If Monday was a girl, i'd hit a bitch.
There was a 5k run in Steger, IL (about 45 min. south from Chicago) today and it reminded me of you
bad timing
it's ugly down here as well my friend.
looking forward to lakewood historical society event celebrating Henry Hilow's home.more info
i want to meet new people.
Congratulations to the 10 talented new members of YG now joining us for our spring 2012 season. Welcome aboard!
I bought tickets for that game
foe sho, don't mention it!
Wednesday needs to hurry the hell up.
<3 it gorgeous!
duhh same num as lou ones in the league. loser
Yup yup you right.
glad to know you'll enjoy seeing your team take an L mam :)
You rock, thanks for the shout out!
can't wait to see you girls Thurs!
I'm on a mission: to lose some weight! I'm not overweight or anything, but I could be more tone.
Everyone RUN to the grand opening of on 45th & 9th. We love so much!!
The Gymanimals saves the lives of children. Nothing more, nothing less :D
#fatindiebands Animal Cracker Collective
:-) ... We should probably make shirts too.
One Channel Star Wars Another Lord Of The Rings
last one out...please turn off the lights.
I completely agree. I was inspired by him! Are you around?
Getting a Mani & a Pedi, AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!
you were a few episodes too late my friend, missed my FVJ rant and about 5 weeks worth of Hatchet tangents haha!
LET THE COUNTDOWN BEGIN!!!! NFL pre-season starts in just 17 days!!
“: Is this real?!?!?” WTH is going on right now. This is ruining the Grammys right now.
Ima bitch wid some money n yea I love dat bitch LOL
#QuoteQuiz : Which famous former US General once said this: “Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.”
“: Much love to as he evolves from a Badger into a Bengal! #OnWisconsin” Go Bucky!
My pleasure. I look forward to it every year!
I sure hope the +1 with at his movie theater juice confrontation wasn't a date.
Thanks for your support! We had an amazing event yesterday with nearly 200 students/entrepreneurs. Appreciate it!
Funny--w/the child diabetes upswing, the same characters aren't saying: "is it really an epidemic, or are more kids just being tested?"
How the hell did we crunch 6 new sick ass songs into a week of studio time we r doin it bro. Set this world on fire
Thoughts and prayers to the families and friends of the runners who lost their lives yesterday
Duly noted. I forget who told me this, but apparently there's a great Mexican place in Copenhagen, of all places.
Seriously. No matter what u do. Strive to be the best you can be. stay away from drugs and alchohol that destroy ur brain and body
Just finished reading Black Swan Green by #DavidMitchell . Almost as good as Cloud Atlas. Two incredible books. One of my favorite authors.
relationship issues with adult children
You are MOST welcome!! Glad to have you "aboard"! :)
Speaker asks Council to also protect "ex-gays" from discrimination
RT : John McCain on what Dick Lugar's predicament says: It says you had better play offense and not defense. That's what it says.
What?? You don't want to write your own tweets Mr. Deasy? Firing teachers and hiring "Social Media Director"? Hire Cartmenez!
people should learn the word "RESPECT" that's how u should ur life with
“: To quote the great Bob and Tom: Norfolk 'N Way!”
Goodnight Twitterverse...big things this week! Will keep you posted :)
Who lives near #Buffalo ?
life is happening.. right now.. life.... google no1kares...
I hope my models want to go over-seas, because that is all I have been working on!
yes I would agree! “: A really amazing performance by the cast of tonight. Well done!”
White House budget proposal for #NSTIC in 2012 is 24.5 million - 7 m for Nat'l program office and 17.5 m for pilot projects
Man when did high school girls get so hoeish, I only been out for 2 years damn
I never can understand how grown individuals can b so childish and selfish! Grow up! The world doesn't revolve around u!
Ah! No way! I must try to convince the parents and get tickets!!! hahaha.
Just added a last minute show this sunday at the blind tiger is greensboro nc
I know that the vanilla chai powder they have at some spots isn't "real" chai. I don't think I like "real" chai, I've decided.
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 2. I hate velvet, if I touch it I get goose bumps and I spaz out, then I taste blood in my mouth.
really looking forward to our upcoming interviews! tomorrow is with New Media Weekly and next Saturday is with Lesbian Love talk!
I can't wonder how many times too!
Yes. Indeed!
us single ladies like knowing it's still possible! Tee hee :-)
nvm that's who I would take ha
I know you want it, so come and get it..
love is in the air....
Taking a break from the world for a while. I need to get my head on straight.
Where can I find music?
Thanks Lisa for promoting Deterrence Theory. Follow my BFF to keep up on all his projects! :)
Can you imagine working any of the shifts at a 24hr museum?
word. Thats what's up sir.
about the only thing that is the same as both were red. It's amazing how much technology has been adds in 13 years.
or weed right b? hahahahahaha
Presenting 21st Century Learning and Skills to the Joplin
Today's featured glee club is from Minadeo Elementary School. What a great way to finish out our #GLEEfulweek in May!
im gonna burn my school and i will love it
And made $9B!! RT : Social Commerce Nirvana = FarmVille #socialfresh Zynga sells imaginary animals & farm equipment
I hope to--but it depends on how crazy the rest of my day is :)
RT Honda sued by irate driver over Civic Hybrid's failure to deliver 50mpg < - - 50MPG?? Well, it was in print; must be true...
RT oh lol thank you ./You're welcome. Lol! I know we can be sensitive about hair/I have a TWA so just imagine
Sleep timer set for 15 min - tv off at 1am winner or no winner!
hahahaha, I was literally crying after reading that
it is an investment in yourself that will pay lifetime dividends for you and your loved ones. FAFSA!
Having a best friend night. Watching scary movies.
Up now: Matt Gertken on Swift's Drapier Letters
I'll have to check it out. Thanks.
i need to write more.
Find exercise that you love. If you figure out how to have fun, you'll do more of it!
I would be excited about this, except that I know there won't be any left by the time I get home.
are you coming? We have on-site registration!!
🙏 thank u lord
good luck tonight!
A good conscience is a continual Christmas. --Benjamin Franklin
lol. Well, hopefully the girls enjoy them.
Dekalb county court system is a mug!!!!
...and the Bud Light #superbowl ad advocates animal cruelty. Go figure.
Happy #ff Top Tier Tweeters!
no being bored. Head over east and take a night on the town!
Fred Eaglesmith has a new album!? WOO
Although its cool to say that my viola has a wolf tone, it actually sounds really bad when played. Need to get this shit fixed.
Thank God for a new day to be alive
Cleaning my room and realizing how many good memories I've had..
Wish I could be back at listening to spin! Great set last weekend!
I really really really hope that happened.
If you like Ke$ha's music, you should check out Breathe Carolina's new album, Hell Is What You Make It! :)
We r open and we will be featured on channel 10 news tonight as the Best Place to watch the HEAT!
Ultimately, tho, to boil down #wirecall primary results to union overstepping or old grudges alone misses bigger, messier facts of race.
"Mr. Greening, what's your blood type?"
Im in school. Of course Im extremely bored. Consider the link clicked
There's still something so cute about you lol
god, that must be emotionally draining!
Sometimes the mightiest struggles take place where no one can see them.
SOB at my is in MY freakin Spot!!! Yes MINE It's about to go down!!!
And One Russ!!!!
i think im having a relapse...i overworked myself, even though i felt a lot better, and now im felling sick all over again. time 2 lay down
Hotel room has 2 queen beds...which one do I pick?!
Oh boy!
*Thinking in my head*I need a freaky or twerk buddy!!!..
Hey guys! How are you today? what's going on this week/weekend? I'm curious what your plans are. :)
Happy New Years Trendy People!! What's YOUR new year's resolution???
It's just the fact of the matter
Just watched the pilot of 21 Jump Street.
Why can't a 20-page literature paper just write itself?
Grand jury cancellation leaves Trayvon Martin case in limbo - CNN International
Wishing you a romantic, passionate, fun, wild, crazy & perfect Valentine's Day!
"Advocacy is a marathon not a sprint." -L Bradley
Why am I up so early on a Sunday ? SMH
you can get room temperature or "frozen" which is more slushie.
I'm working on some background textures. I'll put up a link soon, so you can take, share and do as you please with them! :-)
Long day and still need to go shopping for misc things... Walmart here we come... www.youthcanlead.com
I just saw a flyer for that at Four Seasons on Saturday! Too bad I'm out of town that day, I'd love to spectate.
Folks tomorrow Heineken Rugby tournament at 11am watch it here at The Irish Pub. Cheers
Adam Schefter just did.
Need Beats?Contact us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
What you need?
First you don't start handing out corporate tax cuts if you want to balance the budget.
where dru! where!
Sounds like I missed a heck of a game! So happy LA is moving on. Playoffs are just better with The Show.
crushin on you but i dont what 2 say.
Being someone's first love may be great, but to be someone's last is beyond perfect
I'm doing a neighborhood lotto pool! Had no idea it would be this much fun to win HALF A BILLION!!!
How do u do this?
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYALFREDO sucks that has more #swag than yu (; 5
Love Actually for the billionth time w/ &
I like because the logo looks like a superhero insignia.
I'm like a little tea pot, just tip me over and pour me out!
Everything in moderation ...including moderation. (Xach Taylor, Freemason)
Morning everyone.
It would be cool if u can explain 2 me wht I know & wht I need to know to get whr I want to go :) perhaps ovr a pint or coffee
I swear I'll have Middlemarch finished by the next
Joseph Addai signing with the Patriots could be the death knell to Kevin Faulk's hopes of staying with New England.
People see themselves as the center of the universe and judge everything as it relates to them. -Pilgrims
bummed i guess i didn't get enough votes to open for nevershoutnever in may!
"A person who is truly curious is unlikely to be deeply angry, unhappy, or afraid." By the delightful Sarah Taub.
wait huh?
I still don't have tickets to see the Motley Crüe and Poison show tomorrow night.... :(
My dog must be out in his sleep. Wonder what he dreaming about. His lil legs just a twitching like crazy col
omg n it's cold to go outside lol so after Toyota where u guys going
I love that... "Girl Who Widower" :-)
thanks for the recommendation. Have never been into the comic heroes, but have been hearing such great things about movies
There's talking about it, and then there's doing something. Isn't it time?
We are getting close to finishing The River by Gary Paulsen in reading class.
helping revamp his executive summary at the
Just got to see my first #navy ship returning to Coronado from deployment. Welcome home!
Surprised at how much I am enjoying watching the NBA today.
Next person i encounter walking their dog at a snail's pace will have a bag of fecal matter thrown at them. End of story.
i watched it and its awesome!!!! :)
forgot to ask/did not read evidence: where you guys at the Etihad y'day? More like a gig mosh at the end. Ecstatic.
Have I mentioned how much I enjoy walking a #puppy around a dew soaked, nearly freezing back yard?
psh, ill leave the door unlocked! Haha but it was mind boggeling you tweeted me that cause I literally sat up thinking that.
#news Artist Leo Fitzmaurice, who creates new art out of old objects, from cigarette packets to 19th Century landscape paintings, wins the
I am now following who is cordially invited to meet w/ all in Beirut/Malta next July
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick.
Thank for the RT!
where do you see Marquette in the Big East this year? Top 7?
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
May your dreams defy the laws of gravity. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr
Free Free Free Free
Why do some of the prettiest people have the most ugliest attitudes?
over 12 percent of his life he his a serial child rapist so he could abuse more and more
Thanks! Hope you get to come back soon. Maybe for a little 'staycation.'
My dogs have been so patient with me all week. How to reward them - a walk and some catch - but alas a bit later.
do you know Matt Greaney?
My #Klouchebag score is 6. I won't brag because I'm a "nice person."
“: Flied out to center and UW wins 3-2.” :( <-- that's all I have
Suggestion: Don't listen to The Scientist while upset about Supernatural
AND ITS A SCARY ONE FOR ME. WHERE I FROM, I NEVER SAW IT WENT BELOW 76 DEGREES. IMAGINE DAT.LOL
You should be ashamed of yourself Either definition is still too good for that trash.
Kyle Orton is on the trading block.
your not letting anyone down! As a matter of fact your doing the opposite! I mean, look at all the fans u already have!
I'll see ya when I see ya
That's a bad half of basketball.
I can't wait until the #MarylandLiveCasino opens at
Looking for a personalized holiday workout? E-mail us at to receive your workout!
Go Look at it.
Drag Barry off the pitch.
u evil smh thats means i got wear my thick ass glasses smh
Creative rehydration time. Not entirely sure what that means, but it's definitely happening.
What is Ripped Radio?
ohh you did not! What? Not fair.
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the LOW Wats Hatnin?
You taste like Grape Kool Aid
I graduated early girl! But school was great when I was there :) I'm taking the semester off! wby? did you start college ?
i don't think it is dying but becoming more popular
there comes a point where u have to unwillingly blame yourself..the other person is not always the problem
about to start talk "Taking Modeling Seriously"
that's why I only sex w/ midgets. My junk looks like a sewer pipe in their hands
Being friends with << Bet she doesn't know if that's good or bad hahahaha ;)
We might need to do a 60 day no porn challenge here in DC! What do you think?
great having you today in studio! #TeenagePaparazzo is fantastic :)
*tells Birdman lemme get the keys to the Rover truck*
I'm SO PROUD OF U SIS OMG...NA YO FUTURE CAN START
Down to the wire #volunteers up 60-59. 46.1 sec left.
is exploring real estate opportunities with the City University of New York...
Thank you Brad Segall, Autumn Marisa, and for joining #NAWBO this morning! We appreciate your time and expertise!
Heading all around the greater LA area with appointments! Cant help but love this weather
Include #comeonkatherine for a free shout out! :-)
I love Nicki Minaj with blonde hair
Crazy how I just beat san andreas a couple weeks ago. I could never get past them airplane missions when i was a kid smh...2nd2none
So glad I asked questions, I would've been pissed if he left & then I realized that its not whole home DVR. His mistake not mine.
Perfecting that walk like a boss!
To all of my fellow writers who tweet something other than "buy, buy, buy" and "me, me, me" I want to say thank you.
Deontology is the discipline that studies duty.~D
Whatever your plans, stop any say hello on Brady Street!
Hey Dave thanks for the question, I’m currently working with bars and restaurant in downtown Cleveland & West park station.
Josh might be the unreal juicer!
oh yaknoww ;) haha i miss you
worst final five secs in final four history?
also confirmed: our spending cash is pooled together and doled out to daily winners of mini-omegathon events
We have this & for and. What about but? I want an easy symbol. Can I use this / ?
feel free to add us to your restaurant listing. thanks!
Its official spring game postponed - no make up date set yet
RT "If you can't convince them, confuse them."
is on board with Thai Chichen Salad cups, BBQ Pork sliders w/horseradish slaw AND... mini funnel cakes w/powdered sugar.
oh! I think I might make something!
Eggs in every form hold a godlike poetic authority
UCLA is getting a special player in Kyle Anderson. Love watching that young man play!
Great to meet you! RT On to Cali!!!!
Puttin some chicken steak tip ribs burgers & hot dogs on the grill macaroni salad & potato salad on the side!
columbia heights. and while i'm at it, let me commend you for your pumpkin chai latte-- AMAZING
May 1st.time flies so fast.
Good luck! RT : You could say I am nervous about speaking in front of 2400 people tonight. But excited too.
oops! Just saw this... Skype tomorrow? Or maybe just listen to my voicemail and call me back :)
Still can't believe he's gone. RT All of San Diego invited to celebrate the life of Junior Seau on May 11 at 6:30pm at Qualcomm.
Much respect for the people thinking green. not just the color but the message inbetween.
What an eventful bottom o the 9th ahah
Gearing up for #FUSION. Last year was a whirlwind. Looking forward to gaining a deeper knowledge of #Desire2Learn this time. Also: Denver!
Happy birthday to the beautiful , hope it was a great day!
Some of my favorite music is non-Jazz, too. Heads-up MN people, good show approaching. RT: Heading to Minneapolis.
Driving by ginormous store on way to water park yesterday is closest I've been to yet. I could almost smell the meatballs.
now offering beat financing
since it was visitors sharing what they were doing at the moment, that worked. It was opt in, less formal.
Y dese hoes be purpin so fuckin much bitches be lying worse den niggas DAMN!!!
bold strategy
we're ok---this dude was saying he was going to round up more protesters and physically force us to leave. CRAZY.
if it's really all "random" then there is no solution... if you really believe that, what's the point in fighting it?
It never gets easier. You just get better.
Colton Dixon Started the show with his belief and I loved it.. #idol i believe he wants to win to randy Jackson. Worship is where it is
Won the water fight against Yessssir! :D
#nwill2011 - a video of usability test findings will have more impact than a text summary
I like running away from my job, feels like back in highschool ditching a class
Why, yes... it is my job to ask "Why?"
YES! focus first on strategy for IT, Marketing, Soc Med, & Museum! :
Wow, April is turning out to be a slow month for dating.
and I thought we found awesome oversized pillows at the store. Until we realized they were beds for dogs.
Oh, new photo. Very continental.
Got a coffee, mocha actually. All pumped up for a bonus story on Live at 7, KGW. Ready for some snow?
Done.. Congrats on being runner up with such a quick answer and the added bonus of having the model of gun.
I love Damien and vocal rehearsals. #Joseph I get to hear my part correct :)
Im ok. glad it finally stopped raining.
and the White House only opposes CISPA b/c it favors the Senate equivalent.
why do i go to bed so late evry night when im shot as fuck every morning
Hitting home runs: that's what wins ballgames. Defense is overrated.
have a ONEderful time today! hugs & kisses to kinsley, the bday girl! xxoo💋
I can help you manage your cash flow. But read this to find out why it is important you understand cash flow for your
If I'm George Zimmerman, the last person I go to for legal advice is Sean Hannity.
only if i can tie my boogie board to the back of the raft---! clack-Belay!
live life to the fullest.
just bought the O'Reilly book on PHP/MYSQL.
Can Laurinaitis Call it Down the Middle?
Long live Gorilla, Lord of the Jungle.
YOU'RE HOME YOU'RE HOME YOU'RE HOME
Twitter is lame
One big room full of broke bitches
I reached 4,000 followers :D
Congrats Nardie! So proud of you.
RT : S/O to & for throwing this coming Sunday 02/12...come out & support your local DJ's
Trying to keep up with Lost before I sink into the new season, almost done with season 4.
Waiting for Chrisette to come out gonna give her a JUICESOULMUSIC CD
why what'd she do to you?
For the next 1 hour swing by Shanahans Steakhouse and get the deal shown here: $45 3 Course Sunday Supper
Joshua Park, 36, has been arrested in Alamogordo for being in a vacant, bank-owned house with a Coke-bottle meth lab. "For personal use."
Cherish and love those who have held you up. Let them know who they are in your life. Thank you for your support and liking this page! xo
ah rachel such a drama queen. How I missed this so!
I can't wait for interview with omfg
that's not a cougar bro.. she's a fucking grandma.
Guys, we're getting there! Prizes & supplies ordered, bags stuffed, reading logs folded... 5 more school visits to go...!
Want to be a part of Nikki Nite's Valentine's Day Cards for Kids? Decorate your favorite valentines and drop it off to us. Deadline is 2/7!
thanks for the follow.
I dont RT I guess I'm the only one on twitter that doesn't watch Mad Men.
So cool!
cool story bro
lol...I told him!!!! Seriously, I'm glad its out! What was it?
Nasty fires still going around central Texas with more expected to start up today. Winds are blowing and everything is dry...
I love it when I'm given a project that makes me bring out all my design skills. Makes college debt a tiny bit less depressing.
yea she is like a big sister and very smart with the YouTube stuff
At a panel called "The Achievement Gap: Is There an App for That?" Assuming it's meant to be ironic but who knows.
tonight! opening reception for "a private glimpse", 6-8pm!
My liver and kidneys hate me :(
finally some snow #holidayvalley with
is training, teaching, and professionalization beyond the dissertation. "Black Women's Authoritative Knowledge on Childbirth" diss DOES [+]
you're really nice to :)
when is the store in Victor NY opening? This blogger needs to know!
Just got off work. 11 hour day. FML
Nice win tonight Sixers.
Go check this out. It's pretty eye-opening.
Thinking about some decisions I've made.
Thanks! It's not until Sunday, but I appreciate it.
one is not simply seen when speaking louder.
The stuff dyrdek does is absolutely outrageous.
Facebook time
i can't believe the snow actually stuck
Anyone else think President Grover Cleveland looks like Ed Rooney in Ferris Bueller's Day Off? At least from his picture as 22nd President.
Orlando has a replica of Hogwarts. Indiana has a replica of District 12. It's called Gary.
will do sir.
Kinda intrigued with the CDGR Index as a tool for lowering Beta & Std Dev. The Fund holds stock during up-swings & Cash during down-swings.
Tanning day with ☀👙
Bruce Springsteen opens the Grammys and he's backed up by an excellent ensemble of strings!
Thank you, Red! <3
Give the gift of clearer vision. Does your honey need new lenses? Great Valentine's Day gift idea hint hint.. ;-)
Watchin ... THIS IS JUSTIN BIEBER on TLC
We're at the Red State screening with Kevin Smith...good stuff
who are your 2 favorites at this point to win the Bachelor Pad?
I may have time in early May, so just shoot me an email when you're ready and we'll set up a time to talk :) Thanks,
Just got an email about a woman running a write-in campaign for Allegheny Co. Exec. Makes compelling arguments compared to the other 2 guys.
#thebelt needs some lunch!
Where you from ?
“: Steve jobs passed away-sad day ”> that really suck!!!
You feel bad? has a lower Klout than me. That's downright criminal.
morning i already liked u on facebook
working only on US products at this time.
hi, do u still teach the CMP bootcamp?
I love Tetris. Did you ever play 3D Tetris? Super intense.
Get off ma line hoe!!!!
I hope this is the real ...... Even if it's not am still following...... Too fckn funny.
follow back?
Arrington leaves AOL. No winners in the guessing game on www.whenwillmichaelquit.com/. Thanks for setting this up, while here.
3 tv's set up. Ready to go!
awesome day at epic! largest sunday yet! Don't miss 'ruin your lunch sunday' next week!
many USA #homeless have to live in libraries, fastfood, parks, woods ,vehicles, coffee shops , benches and sidewalks. there is no HOME!
bwahah that would be the line!
she ended up not having them :/
OM MY LIL SIS JUST PUT FOIL IN THE MICROWAVE I HAD TO RUN AN GET IT OUT LOL SHE TRIN KILL EVERYBODY
Whenever Monday comes you can find me cryin' all the time.
They're just playing around rt : wow I used to listen to the sports guru. Not anymore. So lame boys, super ignorant.
haha yea sorry im studying for finals now!
So why can't he do the same for Tebow? The man gave you a play off birth with a pretty shitty receiving core and half a season left.
Someone tweet me #ThatsTheTruth I'm bored and bored some more
Supermodel Christie Brinkley made her Broadway debut April 8 as merry murderess Roxie Hart in the long-running revival of Chicago
Glad to hear your phone is not lost anymore
Thank you Pittsburgh for continuing to pass.
If it's your job to eat a frog, do it first thing in the morning. If it's your job to eat two frogs, eat the biggest one first. (M. Twain)
Not every single girl is searching, some are actually single and satisfied.
the same convo about risk&change associated with tebow seem similar to your argument about going for 2. Need the right mentality
Missed the Johnny Carson documentary. :( Another PBS thing I'm going to have to buy.
surely appreciate the love
IWe could spend more time during advisory meetings getting students to reflect and clarify and share interests and passions.
So many qr codes in one place
“: S/o to my new follower ” preciate ✌
#COD CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS
no problem! thanks for checking us out!
what do you mean: "all the press stuff that he wants...."? Who are you referring to with "he"?
sucks about the ankle, was really looking forward to you pitching this year. Get well and take care.
Thanks! This one had some great b-roll from John Kasbe and the folks working with Yole! Africa.
thanks, I love constant motion.
Many virtual friendships were cemented in person with hugs and learning at the inaugural HubSpot User Group (HUG) in Cambridge and Boston
get on skype!!
Made 's clean apple crisp again...damn it is SO fn good for br
Congratulations to Scott Baker who won a free submission to from 's amazing contest!!
nice!!! You guys deserve it!!!
here we go again... I want to mic a 10"speaker off axis through all your moog pedals and mic the pa through the system
Just finished Watching "Speed"
“: Ya know, it'd be nice to get a good morning text from someone once ina while.”
Sorry I won't be able to make it to the reading tonight! I hope it goes wonderfully!
you never herd of a 40 be4 in movies and stuff lmao
tweet the boy!
And I'm 100% not talking about anyone you would probably know. No one important. I have a real problem with someone who makes a good story.
Your article in Huffpost Style today was hilarious. Because of Truth of course.
Please help me make my bff's dreams come true. She really needs this. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. PLEASE.
Day one done and a success!
“: holla back! #clothing #design ” represent! Holla!....
how could I not follow you, I Love lilo !
Hating life right now
s/o to the homie he got on the plane to make it to my Bday Bash tonight at Club Smile.
Thank you as well. :)
I would have googled it if I didn't know haha
I walk around in circles while I'm talking on the phone c:
has arrived at
Omg can't wait for the weekend .
Oh no. I'm swamped.
Today I think I'll go job hunting. :)
Good trick to eat less ice cream. Turn the temp way down on freezer - ice cream becomes so hard you can't dish up too much!
:( u have facetime right u should facetime me on my ipod touch but i look like shit
Use social media to meet identified needs, not just 'cause you feel like it.
your text that you just sent me seriously made my night!!
"Emirates Cup victory looking less impressive by the day!" meaningless mid-season friendlies. Sold some energy drinks though.
So show the around the neighborhood! I'm all lost and shiz
“: haha, no, just deliriously hung over and sad...I think...” I feel his pain!
LinkedIn zip code
funny he hasn't commented on twitter for 16 days until minutes ago
im not sure at all whats going through the minds of lebron and dwade smh.
#OneThingIDon'tLike is when people put themselves down, or say things about themselves that aren't true.
Hi I'm Kelsey! I don't play any instruments but I'm trying to learn and I love you more:)
Oregon's getting ready to welcome another one loss team to the PAC-12.
Before I say goodnight..I wanna say I can't wait 2 get tht 5th #NBA ring! #GOSpursGo! Bring it back to SaTown! Its ours! #TimDuncan Awaits
Yes, it is a very unfortunate phrase.
Lmao RT : Hey look! Jordan Hill is in the 2nd round before TMac...
Thank u to all of u beautiful people who made tonights show such so special. And congrats to on their cd release!
First day at the new gig! Love it but miss my family!
Happy Valentines Day! Hallmark holiday or great way to show your true love??
Germany just got lucky...
RT “: Whenever i take LONG showers , means i had or have alot of shit on my mind .”
Straight edge guys have problems...it has to go somewhere
Pessimistic know-it-alls love to hate on #RonPaul. Apparently, being a doomsayer is cooler than believing in something.
just ate too much odessa
Bitches are so trashy... Even on Easter! Lol... SMH #WhenIsGarbageDay?
stop trying to make "fetch" happen
fun times doing a phone interview with Mr. Owlett's 6th graders from Elkton, PA this morning.
"Don't be mad because I don't care anymore. Be mad because I once did and you were too blind to see."
These fuckin refs blow
And please don't count the number of times I say "hm" and "that's cool." Such a dweeb. Not a TV guy. I write crap.
Starting a brand new 1-3NLH. Come on over and get in the game!!!
I am!
Working late night shift at home. Got some Star Trek on and upgrading the web site. Now this is how you work.
Election results duty tonight. If anyone needs me, I'll be speed dialing town clerks until about 10.
At Dillon ' s ♥ Having so much fun ,(:
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
u must be going to round up. Lol.
Damn Jeff Fisher making moves stockpiling picks in StL
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Diet And Weight Loss - #Shoutout to the fat and lazy!
At lease we don't Tebow
idk what i'm in the mood for tho ..
RAW WEDNESDAY'S @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+ SECURITY IS TIGHT!!
This is great. And: What's with the little scratch of the chin gesture Gov. Romney is doing? What does that mean?
#Imagine Making out with then he starts going down your pants and sticks two fingers inside you<3
MAKE ME A FAN SIGN LOVE.. AND ILL MAKE YOU ONE ;)
I love Disney. I'm chilling in my bedrm. Mom in living rm. Heading bk up to MIA 2morrow to pick up cousin flying in from Germany.
We had a great week. How about you?
we are winning with the poor mans Corey Patterson in left and a guy hitless for the year lol
No problem, Grecia! That's what we're here for. If finals are now "pleasing", just think of how rad summer will be.
I'm in a suite at a Guns and Roses concert. This just feels wrong.
Before your night out downtown, stop in to for wine and cheese flights!
thank you! And np!
Deb Ayers great answer to age old q of osb vs mediator - if composite has just a mediator in it, prob not using technology way Oracle would
OK, updated request for help in SF: Just need about an hour of someone's time starting between 1 and 4pm, just to get stuff INTO the truck.
but some people would rather allow some1 else to run their home & lives. And be a societal mooch...
What a great win/finish for the Red Wings tonight, they needed that.
two more chances to see us play before we take at least a year off.
I hope the Clippers step it up
Knowing a song before it comes popular.
Good morning! I am feeling some energy I need to burn off so a good chase would be alright! Call you today or drop by AM Fri?
but only Madison has the magic key ;)
Looking for the right way to do the wrong things.
GB will play Chi on NFL Network Sept. 13 and then at Seattle Mon night Sept. 24 on ESPN, source said.
yeah, weird right? Alba is taking over NYC -bus, train, restaurants, cemeteries....those crazy ladies!
It's a thing. Not quite a handicap, but...
Seeking #PMP certified Project Managers for contract and c-h #jobs. Email your resumes to .
Collections Mgrs gather this AM to compare digitization workflows. There will be many valid ones. hopes for only one?
you misunderstood me. I was agreeing with you
I would like to! But trying to balance with NCAA March Madness....
So you think Bo Ryan was wrong to want an in-person discussion with Uthoff? Too many kids calling/texting their decisions
I need my meds now
“: It will be interesting to see if the Browns trade Colt today!” U think we could get a pick for the current draft 4 him?
Tell your mama #HappyMothersDay!
Damn! Messi right off the post. Well that was a hell of a match. Frustrating, but just a great match. It will be different at Camp Nou.
The cleanse is working....I think.
One more week until SPRING BREAK!!! yayy:)
Please share this page with all of your small-town friends!
#retweet Want more views on your #youtube #videos? Follow us and we will retweet you videos. we dont hav many followrs but u can help us out
Privacy should be cherished.
#1111 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone!!! 11:11 is my new favorite song!!! We have to make it in the top 10 on iTunes <3
Young Adult made me do this.
Love that song too :) That song is amazing live :D
You can never be too safe!!
scotch scotch scotch
When I have to shit at work I try and drop loads in the lady's bathroom. That way the girls have to smell my shit when they are doing blow!
superbowl party, please!
My friends - What you make happen for others, God will make happen for you. STOP TAKING AND GIVE BACK TO SOMEONE AND IT DOESNT REQUIRE MONEY
School is getting on my nerves! I want this weekend!
I guess im callin "BOO" tonight ;)
Neylon: think about the thing you cannot do and how you could use someone else's work, then focus on creating interoperability.
I asked my mom if we could move to UK. She knows why, but she said no ... :/
casting speaking roles & extras for directed by Submit headshot and acting reel link to
Starting to get ready for the Candy Buy Back in October! Cash for Candy! Operation Gratitude for the TROOPS!
"A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others." The Wizard of OZ Happy Valentines to All!!!
So tell me why my 2mnth old sister actually watches tv like a kid hahaha
i sneeze alot when i'm tired
Had to move the happy hour inside because of the weather.. But we're still having a good time! #greatstrides #cff 1700 K st
Randy Moss to SF.
Only 100 more followers until I share who my first concert was... It's still really funny!
*waves* Hey there! 
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again
Took a nap earlier. Just woke up. There goes my somewhat normal sleep schedule.
on the #topchef tonight! Go Get Em!
Driver back from Midway recommends Iyanze and Nigerian Kitchen. Iyanze has the same owners as Bolat, so it's probably a good bet.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA no next joke please
But you have WORDS and they are WRITTEN. You can fill in plot holes because you now know where they are!
What are you planning for ThanksGiving?
are you guys running against #POTUS or the DNC chair?
RT Exciting for tomorrow's conference #C2CSS12 Me too!
What a nice day we're having :)
b/c U say UR nothing special & not 2 waste Our time with U. That is so not true! Now cut that out :)
your team might not make it to the playoffs this year lol
Bucks honoring UW-Whitewater sports teams for capturing national championships in football and basketball.
Wait, one more "congradulations" is a combination of "congratulations" and "graduation." Quit saying that shit for other occasions
David LaCroix from DC here. Learning & education consultant, currently working as a contractor at the Smithsonian.
. Thanks for joining us, Bradley!
Wish you were around when I need you and not when it's just convenient..
National Pillow Fight Day is tomorrow. Check to see if there's a massive pillow fight near you!
same to u! Hope u found somewhere to get some grub!
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change can be. ~John Wooden
Just beat my sisters boyfriend at COD GOML kid GOML
Off to walk Frankie to the bus... then I hope the rest of my day is peaceful....
Merry christmas to all and to all a goodnight :)
Did you know? Peanuts are not nuts but legumes grown underground. #Happy National Peanut Butter Day! How are you celebrating?
Money hungry hoes<<<<<
yes sir!
Bouta be the busiest day of my life.
I just saw a guy starting & cleaning snow off wife's car, on the back of his jacket was taped a sign that said "Remote Car Starter"
please tweet <3
Q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off? A: Spit, swallow, and gargle.
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 1Q
Before I tweet about this, let's pray.
Just seen the video again. Gotta admit she went at it with 5 chickenheads haha. Props Taylor Royce haha
I really dont like the clean version of BITT:-(
No rain, palm trees, and a warm breeze. This is going to be a culture shock!
This MY twitter not YOURS ima talk MY shyt!!
I think I love #backbonejs and
Husband: "you have glitter EVERYWHERE... Inside your ears, on your face, arms, legs, phone, my phone" it's been a god day so far.
OMG so tired of all the test in school and Happy good friday everyone
Stay classy Arkansas
Just ran into a tree in Hollister
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Name Talent
haha thanks, I'll be here all week!
clearly I have no clue what ur talking about but I <3 ur Davidson shout!
I just died. LMAO hahahahaha So stinkin' true though
I'll follow you wherever you go.
caprese sandwich, salad w/blue cheese & hazelnuts, and creme brûlée! yum.
the best thing about birthdays is the texts you get @ exactly 12 :)
most definitely good to "re-meet" you this year!
This time ungracious temper
Yes it is! I wrote a response paper earlier this semester where I misspelled three different ways.
Sipping on a cup of Intelligentsia coffee...my morning is already better
well said!!
Two more shows today!
It's 69 and beautiful today! :-) twitter huh?! I guess u can text thru twitter?
I fucks wit it
: While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly ...
I am watching Doogie Howser right now. It's fantastic.
Arbanas defeats Scraper at 2:16 of the 1st round due to strikes.
YOur always welcome. ^^
was just on 's Watch What Happens Live.
“: ears burning....uh oh! Now I'm distracted while is updating us!!” same day wow
i am who i am and take it or leave it.
RT : Where will LOVE go next? Any suggestions? Any ideas?
my drawing might take awhile
I am equally fascinated and disturbed by the show, Oddities. Louie has been watching a marathon all day.
Marry The Night on the radio on way to get some grubb lmao [=
Good Morning Educators! Do you create a list of rules for your students? Or do you let them create them with you?
I'm done with Hanging w/Friends. I just really don't like it that much and not b/c I lost all the time. lol
Well, I tweet from my new desk!
Subterranean show in Chicago was a blast. Thanks to , , for helping us put on a great show.
Somebody made a dirty bieber secret with Austin in it. Thats just fucking nasty! Thats just wrong and digusting! SMH -__-
You know it. I'm auctioning off two spots on my team to benefit Have any prizes I could include?
Done with scanning and on our way home. Watch for more advance digital images of what's inside of the token balls soon.
RT : Whatever you wish to experience in your own life, cause another to experience in theirs.
Lin is struggling Miami's offence is on point
<3 Tuesday! RT : Tuesday nights is Belltown's version of 'Cheers.' :)
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 13
one of the best coaches (hands down) on speed mechanics that I have had a chance to meet and work with was
We roll the windows up and down, and toot the horn in every town. Who cares what the orchestra costs?
Chiillen, School is almost here -_- I'll admit kinda wanna go back to school, miss my friends.(:
Baylor and Washington have the worst 2 defenses in the history of college football... WOW!!!!
I love it. I vote yes.
Learned striking grappling and and now wrestling/transitions .
Events in Connecticut - New York Times
our new definition. Now to get it into
. is copying my sunglasses look
as in bread? or pastries?
I actually watched the home run derby last night...is that wrong?
didn't come to school today
Aww thanks, we love you too! And looking forward to seeing you on Monday for Bridget and Alex's wedding! Have a great weekend!
Honestly, not sure when the next one will come out, it all depends on inventory availability... I wish I could be more help!
that's awful sweet but it's probably too late for me to haul buns to the largo!
There are many ways to do it but there's only one Samplesaint way vistit our website www.samplesaint.com to learn more...
Award winners: Intellectual Freedom Award: Devon Hicks; TLA Making A Difference Award: Ride for Reading
I'm gonna her
New membership is making the drive home much more enjoyable. (For me at least). Thanks and !
so could I take you up on that offer to borrow a cake pan sometime this week? some of the cake will be yours in return!
RT : FLOOD RELIEF UPDATE: Our responders just headed out to rescue two more dogs found in high flood waters.
On this day in 1980, Rick James and the Stone City Band appeared on the hit music show “Don Kirshner’s Rock Concert.”
I wanna relationship & then I think of all the things that can go wrong and get scared to even try .
what can I say I'm a bit of a nerd... hahha
hahaha you are totally hard care! now attend a birth at the same time!
so what should i cook for dinner tonite! was thinking pork chops but really unsure......ideas????
can't touch this. ;)
Randomly keep getting a magazine called #FamilyCircle in the mail? Does anyone know why?
I must look inot this!!! Thanks so much! Howard
you should copy me and come to nyc in two weeks
A SEPARATION deserves the award for best foreign film, but BULLHEAD is still a better movie with more nuanced performances.
Prime rib & pepperoni pizza? Do they go together? They do today.
Making major progress on the launch of a new online printing company! Just set up a really cool live chat feature to boost conversion rates.
Early morning cardio at the fitness center at the hotel - then its time to eat and an impromptu photoshoot this afternoon!
worry about these books so you can go to college & wild out
If any of you have a problem with me tweeting the things I want to, please click the unfollow button. Kthanksbitch.
Please DO NOT foget the kids out there that can not change their situation. They are in the situation they are in, not by choice! GOD bless
A good way to get ideas… rather. :P
Hilar! that's is one of the longest hash tags I've seen in a while. Ps. you should change your twitter name to Jay Lou!
why do you have to rain on my parade? I was quite proud.
they do it by itself! Sorry! How is your recovering going??
your bf is finna get fucked like them whiteboy Spaniards did to 15th century Mexico city. \m/
thanks for the share man! It was cool playing with Animate.css more in-depthly.
Right. That's how I set it up, having learned my lesson the first time. Still fail.
my how the lineman have become so huge over the years
Topic for Eng 103 is procrastination. I am reading about it while I have done it. I am reading it at the last minuit.
Muuuurda she wrote.
ok good lol i was like "I saw something different" I think it was $55 not guarenteed, 26 is tho
lol i did
He is everywhere lol RT : 2Chainz is taking over the summer for sure...he's everywhere
NetworkedBlogs is a way to publish your content to people whove subscribed to receive updates based on categories etc. it helps!
start by taking acting classes. Take workshops around town. Then do a lot of research. Find out what your good at in acting.
Yes on Sun. Doesn't work for us as I'm having surgery today (person taking care of me is the one who had their flight cancelled).
Feeling like a new woman after 2 luxurious back-to-back sleep sessions, 6 hours each. Aaaaaahhh...
good look out I would check it out-YoBoy-H
Back from Atlantic City. Came out ahead so that's always nice:)
We're excited to have you! Let us know what you order! RT Excited to try a new restaurant tonight. here we come!
#FactAboutMe I live in Mississippi, but born in LA. I love it down here, but when I graduate, I'm moving soo far away from here.
There were too many cool beers to choose from, so I just picked the one with the most fun label.
watching movies...haha..but you have to study for something don't you?
pretty sure i've developed a heart murmur from excess coffee intake.
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present & future. We make discoveries abt ourselves.
Reminder! David Garrett will be on tonight from 8-930. #Artown volunteers will be manning the phones and ED Beth will be on air!
I'm glad it was only a 5.8. Funny, tho, the same instincts applied. (I, like Elvis, left the building).
James Padgett with the first two buckets of the second half for the Terps. He is getting assertive like he should against UNCW
oh i see what you mean, should have said, " thinks it will go up"
I was just at HT and forgot to buy red wine vinegar. See you in a minute.
All of us on the Flyers had a chance, but her mouth was sore after the 18th player
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it. —André Gide
Thank you! Love your mission! You should connect with #LightCaster - she'd love your focus!
Uggghhhh Monday you little bitch!! (Totally assuming Monday would be a woman if a gender was assigned)
that was supposed to be "your" Rockies. I am not claiming them. Typo!
i am so shallow. that's probably good though.
Metrics that show how you're shaping behavior = in. Metrics that just show high awareness = out via
Is a 10 year old too young to have his/her own comptuer or smartphone?
will ever notice me it am I just another fan who wants him to follow me?? I don't think he will follow!</3 heart braking):
xx RT : New day, new attitude.
Amazing, amazing, amazing! You were already one of my favorites but you shot up way high for me! You've got my vote(s)!
talk to me I'm so bored lol
Did some more on my WIP this afternoon. Coming along nicely.
Keep the comments coming..we are tallying up responses
It's snowing!
What is the most valuable #commodity out there today? #Technology? - What will be the most valuable #commodity in the #future? #Time?
Performance artist Marni Kotak to give birth in front of audience in Brooklyn
You still have time to order your holiday catering from Mangia!! Open Christmas Eve from 8 A.M. to 3 P.M....Buon Natale!!
Thanks! I can't wait to stay on the beach :) RT WERK! Very pretty city, have fun<3
“: Trust is not a once in a while thing. It's a constant thing. You can't be on time one day and late the next. #gitomer #success”
Road trip progress: Virginia, check. D.C, check. Maryland, check. Delaware, check. Almost in the dirty jerz
Follow My Other Account For A Guaranteed Follow Back
Take this opportunity to register for Cru De Gra! Don't be left out
Haha love you too!! <33 :P
"I gotta make it even if heaven or hell."
you can't be serious
Apr 22,1932: #Churchill spent rest of April at Chartwell working on "Marlborough' with historian Maurice Ashley.
I hate it when people go to work and I can't talk to them anymore :(
The reason I would get a Nook: more room in my purse for other things.
Skype me when you can.
Watching local high school football on tv and drinking beer at the same time. I bet the high school athletes are drinking beer too.
Yesterday was nice out, BBQ Some burgers. They were good, no pink slime. Today is another nice day. Hope everyone will have a good day.
Well, sorry, but UGH I wish my boyfriend would get off the video games.... So he can move over and I can play mine ;)
i dream that i could have her, i wish that my dreams mattered
I can't believe this conversation. :-| I hope you all get a chance to go soon!
You all sure know how to make my day. I'm feelin' the love!
Time to practice some Math and Reading with the students. It's never to early to start preparing for the FCAT this school year.
: Did you tell her about this? She'll love it. RE: Our sales mgr stood up & said, "That's it! I'm selling this book at Sizzler!"
how do you think Vandy will do against the cats though? Should be a good game
I said I'm over you , but every time my phone vibrates , my heart still wishes it's a text from you .
#NBA legend Robert Parrish will be on with today at 3:30pm PT to talk hoops and at 4pm talks
lol!! Thanks... If not, ima turn her into a fan! Lol
