iHate When I'm The Last One To Go To Sleep , Scared A'f :P
If it weren't for Javier Schwartz, I would start to take myself too seriously. Thank god.
Shaved my fussy, just in case the date goes well ! HAH
your so far away!
you know that ice cream I get from the $1 store and that grapefruit drink I like?
Did I mention a brilliant and loving human being? Also a blogger for Huff Post.
Me too! Enjoy your well deserved break. Happy New Year for 2012!
Anyone wanna twitter date
Maybe we should all slow down a bit? I know the normal 15 minute drive took 40 today!
Morgan why you lie to me
'Listen all ya'll...'
Let me know if you feel like sharing :)
WHOA WHOA WHOA. You aren't the REAL Shady McCoy?
we think she's kinda sorta alright every other Wednesday.
Piano's gettin' all prepared up in the hizzouse...
#Pirates got punked again.
A passenger of the quarantined flight tells that it is bug bites on passenger, not infectious disease, via
#YouGetPointsIf you make a witty remark that I can't find a comeback for.
Making plans to hit the town with one of my fav chicas...
Games provide situated experiences in which players are immersed in complex, problem solving tasks " -Kurt Squire
Lots of us here in central Ky are huge Reds fans also. Different sport so smart move by Reds !
Fuck you, I'm on board.
Formation and dissolution of both general and limited partnerships and limited liability companies.
hey! Its been awhile! Im sitting in class with nothing to do...... Hm?
good for you!
RT.. If You're Eating Like A Fat Pig Tomorrow!!..
Playing the new Call Of Duty!! This 'ish is brutal on veteran!! Already died 10 times thru the first 3 levels!!!!
#dabulls on at noon!!!!!
OMG baby lux!!
Road Quote of the Day: "Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?" - Jack Keroauc
Occupy Big Fat Cupcake!! For the 100%
because is a pro at em. So let's hit the girl up.
iA baby's on the way for Hilary Duff n husband Mike Comrie. The actress announced she's pregnant on her official website Sunday.
Thanks for sharing this!
nothing waiting for my birthday so i can get all my auto tune stuff so i can start recording with ryan:D
Back to Texas today!!! I will miss New York, but I am a Texas girl at heart.
oh, I didn't even know it was a holiday xP
Why is it that the more we grow up, the more we find bullshyt in our lives.?
I came to FL to find and knock her out!!!
Oh, sandwich. You have been through so much today.
Saw some Sunday Funday action while driving past Humboldt Park. One word - LARPING.
Tell a girl she’s pretty; she won’t believe you. Tell a girl she’s ugly; she’ll remember it forever.
No problem :) and he is! All of those guys are sweethearts. Great music and even better human beings.
I assume you will be Tebowing Saturday?
I know what I want, but how do I get it?
I saw that piece, Rex. It was great. I've been with you every Sunday morning for years. Bravo.
Olive Garden! :p
OH, hahaha. I didn't recognize the lake with water in it!
I don't think we're allowed to have heaters. And in the next couple months I'll be needed a mini- AC!
how can I write/request autographs from retired players? Is there a 'care of' I can write to?
Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March": Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March" *We're All VIPS in...
Thanks for the RT's!
that's kind of what I was getting at :-)
Congrats man! Thats amazing! :D
Don't bogart that Psychedelic rock! Hope u have a chance 2 dig you some Secret Skwirl. Pass it!
Saw "Red Tails" 2day (kids were sick over wkd). Loved it! Woman next to me in Culver Cty was balling, Grandfather was an airmen
Let's do this! RT : My Allstar reserves after halftime on TNT
Being a good sister can sometimes turn into being a mom and giving lectures.
Since my phone is cut off i will just tweet for the next two days
can you follow back so I can reply to dms?
you always have me to talk too!!!! ;)
I need to be sleep before 12
I know same here! It's been way to freaking long!
Locked out of my room. Lovely...
Omg its beautiful outside.
Today has been a lactose overload experiment for my digestive system. I think I might get kicked out of the apartment.
it's blowing pretty hard!
hey Marc Chino Nunez sending regards, long time since otra nota. Blessings to you peace.
knowing there is school just breaks my heart
My grandpa is the stealthiest man. Ever. He just strolls on in and no one even knew he was here.
So funny, I forgot to laugh.....
just broke into my own apartment
Headed out to to record some tunes with my other band, Among Wolves. It will be
Good run #CSU! Now its time to focus on the rest of my bracket
Was a lot more than High School antics. It was bullying and bigotry that affected the victim his entire life.
.RT : Fractured French: Pas de chance: accidental father
ay! my new total obsession. seriously, it's my iPhone wallpaper... haha
don't be lost and found Maine!!! How are you
#boybyenotwiththem rubber-bands on the bottom of yo jeans!
Blood Cuzz is funny as hell.
tomorrow is K.c day i miss my big head r.i.p. 1(20}12 wearin my R.i.p. shirt for my baby 2 months gonee ugh
awesome right?? :)
Thanks for watching!
damnit. just messed up my move.
we're loving new limited edition creme de corps designed by KAWS with 100% of proceeds going to our friends at Gorgeous!
He's hilarious, plus I think he could he me straighten out my life. Figure out what's important.
rude ass. -______- you look like poo. The real kind.
go to thetalentfarm.com to catch a live performance of us in about 20 minutes!
we have the same iPod case..... Just had to point that out!!
Welcome to my new campaign Twitter account. Stay tuned for campaign updates, and follow for my notes from the campaign trail
i love your icon <3
Interviewing Chris Squire tomorrow!!!
I had a dream that I was watching a baseball game on TV and you were sitting in the 2nd row right behind the plate. WTF???
no, I said the complete opposite. I think.
It helps a TON. I set up a "library" of elements that make up our product that I can reuse when designing new features.
everyone iove talked to today has an AAU game at east fairmont...all on different teams
I need to go snorkeling and surfing. San Diego is on my mind.
your not a bad influence. People just are jealous & they need to get a #gfa C:
“: If you could co-write a song with anyone - who would it be?” !
Did I miss you!?? :-\ Call (919)633-2606 when u need me...I will be there ASAP!!!!! HOW WAS YA NIGHT BRO????
Thank you for the RT and the FAVORITE. And thanks for all you do in support of #Educare!
I want some ice cold lemonade. But I'm too lazy to go out. Fudge.
Yeah! “: Just bought another copy of See. Mix. Drink for a friend. The perfect gift. ”
where you at?
Good presentation by Derede McAlpin re crisis management. Discourages use of "no comment". Always say something. use "low comment"
what? Lmboooooooo. You know how sisters are. Pull stuff like that and don't even realize it lol.
Have you downloaded our new app yet? Check it out on the iPhone and Android market
wish you were out celebrating with us!!
This kid is crazy. You can't just say your coming to see. What if i have plans
You're a successful person, ignore the "haters" and enjoy your life...the more you respond the more they attack. Enjoy Beantown!
But He was pierced for our transgressions, He was crushed for our iniquities; and by His wounds we are healed. Isaiah 53:5
Why post a picture on Facebook with the caption 'OMG!! I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
I don't think I never asked... What do you do?
and Belieber here: The word I most love to tell you guys "I love you guys my other loves" PLEASEE answer me.
of course you wanted beautiful, you mean needed?
We hope you become one of our top posters! ^SZ
im just wonder could you maybe possibly teach me how to... dougie?
Check out Incubus performing at FBL 9/13 w/ guest Young the Giant. Tickets on sale now @ LiveNation.com, Box Office or call 800-745-3000.
So interesting to hear Julia Taylor speak in a room full of wonderful nonprofit leaders!
Hope lives!!!
People need to stop trying so hard.
Glad no one heard me when I said "I'm getting a lart state to my day."
Did they enjoy ? Did they go to any of the big outlets ? x
Man! That means you did about 50 since I last saw you. Amazing. Nice Isthmus article, too!
#HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Go watch it Little Monsters. X
if u wanna pop a colab lets do it
So Bored What To Do, What To Do
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 77
”Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
We need more evangelists!! MT obsessed with potential of online games to engage museum visitors after initial visits
Is she retarded!?
Watched the Three Stooges movie. Love a lot of the films Farrelly Bros have directed but classics should be left alone.
Thanks so much!:)
But wait... who wants to go to the #CELTICS v 76ers game Weds?! There are tickets for $25.. c'mon y'all. I promise I won't be too obnoxious.
Id never heard that song before I just looked it up. Funky funky. Better for pimping chickennuggets than the overt sexual tune
Have you noticed? So far there is a college-aged student running for Gov and two running for assembly. (I am one of them!)
you biggest little fan is the cutest thing ever :) but i think we'd all agree ur the cutesstt;p
Because the Battle of Hogwarts was on May 2nd <3
Who's going to see Brian Jonestown Massacre at the Wiltern in LA tomorrow ?
yeah def. shake shack maybe. Stupid tiny burgers
Maybe! But I'm probably going to NYC for the weekend!
My battery is almost dead and its 10:45....its time for the iPhone.
Arianators! talk to me! I feel like talking about Ariana! haha. if you have a craving for Ariana right now, talk to me!! <3
She is doing this like, deliberately.
I got another one of "those" e-mails today. Now they want in Tacoma, Washington. I told them to stand by :)
Old people sitting by the lake, reading and watching birds. <3
One month since what?
RIP Dick Clark ....NYE won't be the same without ya
I won't.. thanks for the reminder.
Great show, ! Cars were towed, people got pulled over. Good times.
yea but so r crooked teeth... and when the braces come off dayyummm #dontworry ur teeth are
If you are just tuning in, the NL Central is Caddyshack & the #brewers are Rodney Dangerfield. GO!
Seriously, watch the tape. #smh :)
Sure. No problem. Shoot me an email with any thoughts/questions you have. FIrst I would start getting a list of interested ppl
What NBA is on tv today. Not sure what to do without NFL.
Like Trey said, I can't help but wait
Thanks for the follow, Jim.
Thinking about you. Hang in there. It gets better.
Heading to the ER :(
Joan and Lana, Off Center Productions... they're back! And their beautiful ceramic pendants are as beautiful as ever!
Yulsman: Science has so many shades of gray it would "make Ansel Adams blush." Science journalists have to reflect that
Thank you so much for letting me meet and live chat with tonight! :)
I hear too much chatter that Tebow is hated or / traded because of his faith. He is not an NFL caliber QB. Media coverage made him hated.
Thanks David. It's tough being number one.
If it takes more than a minute to think up a retort, save it.
On the minus side, I've spent about eight hours wrestling with the same WP theme. On the plus side, I am now such a WP champ.
the recovery has already started. It going to be slow, but that's ok.
Sorry you didn't like them. I was really taken by both, but there's of course so much more I could have included. 10 is hard!
Crowd was small (5,000) but quite a few Schalke fans. Some from Germany! But some of my Twitter friends too. Met a few of them.
Don't forget to come out :30 to support the amazing men of for their CentaurShow after PiAthlon!You won't want to miss this!
Added MySynergy to my research and study tools..love it!
Cloud Computing Skills Shortage Forces CIOs to Grow Their Own via Meridith Levinson
nothing more satisfying than putting in that good werk and continuous progression ...
“: Sunday night = dexter c:”
yes i have one. justhannahnashville i would be glad to fan you:)
RT : All those clouds and no rain. Such a tease, such a tease you are #ATX weather...
Omg I have so much to do :'(
Are you home?!
Where ya moving to, Lynne?
#ff <-- she talks. you should listen.
They said, 'HELLO!!' Lauren says she loves once again. =)
Good Morning!! I am happy to say I made it through another work week..feeling
I woke up my sister by screaming loudly. ;) How #GRAND am I ?! ;)
me+you were a diasterrrr
God I hope Seth isn't really done. Loved having 2 hometown starters on the team.
<------- i got a new profile pic. its HENDRIX,princetons new little puppy. isnt he cute
you alright
Check your email! We sent you a special offer for One FREE Drink with the purchase of any meal!
you need to calm down.
First Take is about to torch LBJ and the Heat
": Haley Smith is pretty bomb" another great Haley!
slait: RT tywebb Fav quote from #sla2010: "Some use information like a drunk uses a lamppost—for validation and support, not ...
&#39;Perfect Strangers&#39; gets its own viral video game
Anyone read The O2 Diet yet? Saw a spot on one of the morning news shows yesterday...looks like a healthy approach to eating.
Love it! RT : Multiple Twitter accounts pushing out different topics - one bird as a flock
ALL OF US at National Corporate Research, Ltd. like to WISH EVERYONE and THEIR FAMILIES A MERRY & SAFE #CHRISTMAS!!!!!!
LMAO story of my life!!! I just blow air out really loudly and call it my "whistle"
O that sounds pawwwwfect!
Enjoy, sir!
The Renegade Theatre Group
this is all of our first time...I went and pre bought the tickets because it's been selling out at every theater in Denver
Connect with orgs in the #nonprofit space. If I might be able to be of assistance, plz get in touch.
Sorry for the spam tweets folks. We've deleted them and are back in control. Have a great weekend!
no idea where that is. But I'll find it. Better show me what you can do.
Looking forward to stopping by the offices next week! Such a huge fan. :)
how bout u mention me on younow, a special request from a special fan for the first time ever<3333
maybe.. As long as my parents will let me I'll come :)
Really enjoyed at First Ave this evening. Can't say I've ever been to a show quite like it. And that man can fiddle!
cool. i live in VA :D
All better. Game on. 28-7 almost end of 3rd.
u know I love u still :)
Thanks for the follow.Check out my facebook music page if you have time!Hope you like it <3 Btw,awesome Beiber fan twitter!
Get it all in with 1010 vs big stacks 66. I flop a 10 but lololol board runs out a straight for the 66.
That mini heart attack you have when you drop your phone.
RT : I'm looking forward to in 2012. Jesus + Universal = blockbuster.
He really enjoys running in them when he is training. He has several bare foot styles, he goes through shoes like crazy.
I own one pair of jeans. And I just got pooped on.
Kelly I'm glad you're well. I'm waiting until we make music again.
My parents are in town and their dog has been staying at my house
#Tired Wish I could've slept in a lil longer. Lol. Anyway... GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!! Hope you all have a fantastic Saturday!!!!!
from what I can tell you need to convince the system that you are an active yelp user. Usually need 10+ reviews to have staying power
you guys still had to work today?
working on ebay,com
But if Greece exits the Eurozone, isn't that going to make everyone happy?
Let's go #bulls! The night is darkest just before the dawn! No #noah either...its gonna be tough but you have 2 #winfromwithin !
Just wanted to give a shout out to some of our customers who've tweeted to us. Thanks for you #FF!
wow I love love love the update!
Win our latest album, For The Ladies, featuring "Cougar Hunt!" Follow us & RT to enter. Picking 5 winners tomorrow @ 3pm!
So many people want the heat to lose lol smh
Epico & Primo New Tag Team Champions!
#Remodelers and #Contractors how many of you out there use Angie's List regularly?
Heres to the nights we don't remember and the friends we wont forget
I truly believe . . . the Tar Heels will lose
When people follow none of the posted rules, ie wearing sandals, bringing bags in gym, more than 20 mins on cardio equipment!
I hate when I can't find my shirt :/
Tracking it, yes. RT : I'm so interested in #Werdesheim verdict will be. will you be addressing it at all this week?
Bored Twitter && Fb
#oldsongsthatgetstuckinmyhead year 3000 by the jonas brothers
She said "I know you gave me everything, but love is not enough"
Congratulations! I love the smiles on y'all's faces. Do you know what the next step is?
We have our 7 contestants for the "Beach Body Blast Off!" The contest begins next Sunday, so stay tuned!
is the modern day equivalent of FDR's fireside chats.
Retail therapy can cure many woes. Especially when Downtown Seattle is so festive and stores have so many sales :)
Did you catch the Carlson on the law radio show? What did you think?
"Life only demands from you the strength you possess. Only one feat is possible--not to have run away." - Dag Hammarskjold
yeah....that's happening right now!
I think longing for someone you don't yet know is better then longing for someone you can't have
So the member of the I thought would get suspended... wasn't. Roman Harper
Fireworks at the end of this one as guys continue to go after it following the whistle. Officials need to get ahold of this right now.
Oh my god. Good night world.
“: Anyone who tells me I look like Austin Powers instantly goes on my Shit List. Fair Warning.” pow! Lol
If, in all sectors women are on the ascent...marriage regime based on men’s overwhelming economic dominance may be passing into extinction.
The Greyjoys seem to think that if you scream "I'm a dick" loudly enough, no one can be mad at you for being a dick.
no time like today.
So happy to finally be a member of
Ova here nd these negros r cussin up a storm...they need jeezus
353: Not my best day. But I can be grateful that I drove home safely before the major meltdown occurred.
Thank you to Robin Lynn Brooks for liking our page!
Say lets go out this weekend
Before I got married I had 6 theories about bringing up children; now I have 6 children & no theories. John Wilmot Earl of Rochester
The Literary Addict... :) twitter newbie! Follow me if you love books!
what booobooo you just notice that bol ILY too :)
Got hugged by a complete stranger after prince hit his third homer last night . I love miller park!
wow, her left one looks like a kidney.
only one can be the best! You can take second place! (winkwink!)
In the car though
RT : #Aries, #Leo & #Sagittarius use aggression to get what they want.
my wife is Ashley at Do you know who I am talking about? Hope you had a good time.
Thanks for the follow Leslie!
Working on web stuff today, would rather be painting, maybe I can do both, (not at the same time).
if I still could edit wikipedia I'd change Meyer's entry to include that she's only 8 & wrote all her books w/ crayons
great!! let me know what ya think
is that suppose to be a vagina lol
Just finished The Art of Fielding and can't wait to talk it out at book club on Sunday. (cc: lit ladies )
Stock market: serious technical resistance for S&P 500 right now. A double top has formed!! Time to make $$$ on way down!
ur so welcome sweetheart!
yeah man you so raw
the vow and the lorax are a NO NO !
sweet caroline per my dads request ps i graduate from Sdsu tomorrow!!!
thanks for the video. So cute!
hey how are you? :) you should give me a follow back if ya can <3
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK GO GO GO!!!
RT : We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity.
Facebook is boring when the person you want to be online is not..
I'm not sure if love is forever, but I have heard that herpes is.
Wow I had to record Paranormal Challenge and now that Im on Twitter I know EVERYTHING haha (: thanks ! Im going to watch it now:)
Stripper karaoke = Fucking awesome
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. Henry Ford
We should all do something after the exam!
Twitter jail
He said I been very aggressive with him. I must be doing something right 👍👌👏
Coffee intake on average is about a third that of tap water in most of North America & Europe.
I went skiing in the front range last week. Very unusual. Check out my Marketing Resource Blog for to see the video.
Serious hippie transformation taking place. Mixing my own essential oils for clients and listening to a lot of Sting. Please send help.
washington loves you, maryland! xoxo
Is geeked about watching #theview Having a reunion of Greg & Jenny! #amc :p. :D.
thank you for my new fans keeping me on my toes
yea right... Least I respond to your texts unlike someone I know cough cough.
im downstairs and my phone is upstairs. shows how much i use it
i know lol
21 Jump Street was pretty damn funny
Pretty much all of the 30 for 30's are gems
Larry Robinson. PLEASE!
so this raises some questions. a) how do you dispose of a microwave? and b) what constitutes a good microwave? hum.
It's been too long since a Rock Band party, hasn't it?! We should remedy that.
you come to me!!!
glad to hear it!
Why is the crypt keeper holding that trophy?! She is so crazy!
he's making you pay for the wedding? haha
i'm sorry .___.
Yes! Those r so good too!
hav u ever gave urself a stranger
“: Everybody watch Celebrity Sex Tape ASAP! Kappa Sig brother is in it and it's HILARIOUS! brother keep up the good work”
HEY HEY HEY IF U SING,RAP, CHECK OUT , HE HAS THE BEST BEATS OUT CHECK HEM OUT THE BEST
& #VoicesOfNewLife are going to be featured on the special airing of #Wrestlemania has the help bring out in style
When people ask me what I'm wearing for Halloween there is an awkward silence.
im having such a hard time dealing with my depression latly.. i don't even know what to do anymore is like the only person who
That's exactly what said when I asked if it was Will Ferrell RT: Richard Simmons on a tightrope at the super bowl!!
Thanks RW. Still on too. Hoping for new innovations soon.
Sat 16 April - Joel, Jim and Brian at the Penn Brewery, Pittsburgh. That'll be good! 7-10pm, free entry.
--> RT : I'm tired. I have an early meeting tomorrow. I should go to bed. So, I'm going out for a beer.
Happy Pi Day!
Y'all so funny. Spend money you haven't earned, for shit you dot need, to impress people you don't like.
RT : Jeremy Grant #ID360Conference "reliance on password creating the soft underbelly of the Internet."
yeah same here!(: here we only have 9 days left!
ima supa soak yo ass .. yea i got a water gun but dat bitch full of acid
BRAVO, Smash. Great finale: Naive girl from the Midwest makes it in New York City! I cheered for Karen all along. :)
i hope you have had the best day ever!!(: <3 happy birthday Austin Carter Mahone!<3 never give up on what you do best! (:
Let's put the past behind us and go far away where nobody can find us.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 24
Destiny is sleeping over <3 girls night :D
So who all is coming to my show tonight in Lakewood???
Thanks! We had a GREAT weekend! How was yours?
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships! Not interested, but know someone who is?We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com
& johnny costa meeting for the first time next weekend? yurp. gonna be epic.
"I wasn't that drunk", ""Dude, you picked up a little Mexican girl and yelled, 'DORA, I NEED YOUR MAP TO GET HOME!'"
Adding salsa to your taco only tacks on about 3 calories, but it’s loaded with antioxidants and vitamins from the tomato.
Most girls appreciate the small things .
11:11 still have not got my wish..
You two broads had better wear your happy pants tomorrow. Just sayin'....lol
Im so bored I really need a hobby or a second job. Really should be sleep but im up, so its ice cream time. Its nt Ben N Jerrys but it'll do
#Schoology lets you organize content into separete areas, create threaded discussions, tests/quizzes, albums, and more
I think I'm going to get a hedgehog ignoring the fact that they're illegal..
I see hipster glasses. Everywhere.
Happy Sunday!
My tdwp zombie ep came in today; & they signed it:D
Good seeing you and happy birthday! Thanks for coming out!
Anything not moving forward, is moving backwards. Is your key system and physical security programs moving forward?
OK den. MUAH!
RadioShack Posts 1Q Loss As Product Demand Wanes - Wall Street Journal
Just met the boyfriends parents.. I am an
Bet! Text me
Hardly got any sleep last night...I just couldn't stop sneezing. Currently about to take a nap under the dryer lol
I. Can't. Watch. *watches between fingers*
Looks like I'll be spending my day in Santa Monica... :-)
what it do MsValentina 😍
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #16: Rivertown Brewing Oatmeal Stout
I wonder how Snooki got pregnant.
Just shot my sperm all in this girl ass!!! Hoe loved it ;-)
Who saw that movie The Full Monty? When the guys were practicing their skripper moves to Hot Stuff!! So funny =-)
Way to cold, promise you'll need some theraflu.
Yup, mom jeans. Those guys've got my number.
I love my family
Hey Bari - how is your new year going?
.I just did
I had no homework yesterday but the rest of the week is gonna be busy.
Girl is tweaking next to me. Speed as a study aid!
Gurnee Mills Mall and I have a date right now.
RIP Teddy Pendergrass
Gym time!
Why your next hire s/b a Wikipedian: scholars + editors + IP experts + outreach/inreach geniuses + kick ass
Just don't flap arms and make buzzing sound
New Default!
Finally updated blog. Nice.
Lets fuckin go
I know, it is sad. I've got a family trip that weekend and got my schedule confused. Bah! You going?
Unless Utah drops a home game, that's exactly what it means.
#whitestarbar in Jersey City- update your online menu.
do you really?
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
Congrats Ana RT : Officially done with this semester and I'm kind of sad about it. I'm going to miss my forensic anthro class.
last night's dessert class at the japan america society of washington was so fun and oishii!! anko love! <3
#sharktank was so good had 2 watch it again! was priceless! I don't think gold guy knew what the hell he said himself!
I have the day off.. now what?
Sprained my knee and ankle =(
Music keeps you sane.
Do you have any technology in place to route based on location of caller?
Sight deals with what we can see but vision shows what we can be!!
google analytics is surprisingly addictive. Or i'm a dork.
bah. I think it would keep NY reeling.
04-06 data: 27% ready reference questions 2010 data: ready reference ?s went up
Where all my people's at?
Glad we're connected now!
It takes a whole lot for me to stay up to watch or do anything past my bed time...pyschiatrist says no sleep makes me CRAZY!ha
Why is the gym so packed??? Marathon guilt?
the whole first record is on there. I recorded it at the studio where "Dark Side of the Moon" and Stardeath of done stuff
You know you don't wanna miss brunch! From 11 to 3 today, we're serving from both our brunch and our lunch menus, with espresso bar!
He ignores you, but you like him. He does nothing, but you fall for him. You miss him, even though you know he will never care.”
see you Thursday in LA <3
jus got off the phone w/ issue
what the fuck
you never fail to impress!
follow me?(:
“: Happy Mother's Day to all the grandma's that took care of the kids when mom couldnt.........or just wouldnt.”/// agree
that is pretty cool for sure! Lots of local stuff, which is what we like!!
I feel like twitter could serve as a script for us in college
still haven't looked... "the streets said"
I want to buy something to eat cause I haven't ate anything, but I don't even feel hungry.
- Late notice, but we'd luv 2 c u fri nite Shoot To Cure Event. DM 4 details if u can make it. Thx VJ!
The joint is hopping! Come on down to the kids' lit festival!!!
el oh el.
so you think I'm a 'Bot'?
damn that whole church parking lot thing would probably only happen to you
Thanks for the RT, Pat! :)
no phone or ipod.
Huge applaud for Carl Malamud #g2s He knows the challenges!
All the pictures I get are usually of the tops of people's heads. :\
B.D.$ DA TEAM BITCH!!
Oh hey, please tell me you're a fan of "The Room"
worried? You mean excited? Lol
thanks man well grab that lunch soon enough. I'll be back!
i just ate mayo :(
Looking forward to church this AM God is so good!
can't wait to play Club Moscow w/ !! Eep!
"I'm pretty sure your mom won't let you do this" I'm pretty sure this isn't your business.
Big Time Rush<3(:
Hanging out w/ hubby and his cousin, Sarah!
I know you did!
Got to...u never know!
OK in summer: stay inside, go to the lake, or leave Oklahoma(temporarily). That's what I did when I lived there.
I really want to play tennis. Where can I get my racquet restrung around here?
do you know where? Can't find it.
I agree that Javascript has terrible warts, but I find prototypes & slots much simpler and more powerful than class/ivar
I understand that. Especially when you've had them for 19 years. RT : it got me too.
Technology and Society, Week 15: Quantum Theory attempts to explain why Einstein's General Relativity doesn't work at subatomic levels.
Kimskey Nickelodeon and yourself are the only ones that have seen it Brad ...
yeah i usually buy 6 for sandals but otherwise 6.5.
good to know. I'll try to keep up.
does not want players tweeting about sports, dumb idea!! To what extent can organizations control their members lives
When is this moving happening? Where to? Or should I say "whence"? (No. No I should not.) WHENCE!! Sorry, couldnt help it.
u too :D
ahaha sorry! Can you pick me up in like 5? Or are you still waiting..?
Well, if you wish to lower your standards & mingle with us common folk, we could meet.
List of Dream Festivals: Lollapalooza, Reading Festival, Coachella, Bonnaroo, Bamboozle...im going to all of them
Please don't use pic.Twitter, I can't view it on
Will they talk about Haiti at the Florida Republican debate #CNNDebate? (which is about 650 miles and 1.5 hour plane flight from Miami)?
Seeing soul surfer :)
Only good news from #Avengers, apparently. Which means, social networks' buzz on fire. Which means, get ready for a legendary
How do you navigate 1,000 notes for a single patient? I's a common problem at the VA
“: Had a quick meeting now I'm back on the road. Time to empower some folks to Financial Freedom!” amen! :)
Much better to be listening to NOFX way to loud on way home.
Makeup tip of the day: When applying falsies, please push them down into your lashline so that they don't sit on your lid & truly look fake
Where did I say that it was? Least change != Small change
Help! Cures/help for worse flu you've ever had? GO!
Greetings Thank you for connecting. Looking forward to serving. I have used your products! Have followed back. ~Linda
Bored in class
you can putcho trust in me .
Niggas was in mardi gra gear screaming welcome and passing out beads.
I really can't sleep doe :(
I'm a fire I'm a flood I'm a revolution
those belong to none other than Zita she's been looking for them for a while and would like them back as soon as possible
#SportingKC playing with wild abandon! Like going commando on a 1st date!
Marketing Team in Social Media: from : Let thousand flowers bloom. Empower and let go.
Brockport Rotary Club announces cooking class, barbecue music fest fundraiser
Great presentation from of Real good stuff.
Here it is poor performimg schl, principal needs to go, poor district bye superintendent does not change BoE members, etc
I want those zebra haircutting and thinning shears I saw at cosmoprof so bad!!!
A big bank account doesn't make you a better person than someone else. If you think that, it just means you're shallow!
on my way
Hit us on Facebook @ Praci$e Conkelton or 500Boyz fanpage :) TEAM F.B.E.
I'll drag that shit out for a good 5 minutes just cause I like to:)
that's really low
Hahah go us!!!! i love justin bieber!:)
you da best you deserve a crown bitch
Dang, I was rooting for the brother
I'm finally on time for once in my life.
"Finished" a new essay today, thx to the help of good readers. Yay! (Creeping closer to a full collection.)
Got me through work today. I went from novice to borderline pro. I also got hooked too.
you sometimes see me
When My Phone dies when im Sleep.
Will do, it's a wild ride tonight!
the walking dead O_O
He's playing so well this year. Can't blame him for the second one that got by him.
U cudnt beat me, even if I had on blindfolds. lol SOCCER!!
Embargo In Ft Worth tonight Live band playing Rock En Español and myself playing the rest of the tunes! Come party/hangout with us.
Need some fruit snacks up in this bitch pronto
if you can help us out with a date we'd love to come through!
Knicks back within 4. Let's go!
Streaming Many Moods of Ben Vaughn on while sitting on the beach. Perfect!
Just in... Adams County prosecutors charge Doris Becky Trujillo with 1st deg murder in death of four year old grandson. File sealed.
I would but you never know about somebody under that much public scrutiny
Thank you so much.. I love you more every day... God Blessed me with you.. Thank you for being you
Idea: For next yr, all Balboa Park staff/volunteers park @ Inspiration Point & walk/use park bus to get to destination. Evaluate real demand
all the time
A pooping I will go, a pooping I will go, I ho the dario a pooping I will go
For almost any other issue you could name, I do have tremendous sympathy. For 9/11, and I don't know why, it just disappears.
Congrats to and Decarlous Spearman for winning $100 Amazon gift cards for visiting the Crowley booth at #ala11 and
Just peed in a bottle for my bestfriend. Lmao
Just ate chocolate cookies, cheezits &a whole family size box of velveta shells and cheese. To much junk food at once, I feel like puking :(
coming up in two minutes: what Prince William said kept him from the Olympics & an 89 yo Tigard man gets to graduate
Thanks, Franki, likewise :) Did you celebrate?
A pot of tea, a plate of cookies, #NewEnglandPatriots on TV, and a pile of #AASLH session proposals to review. Bring it on, 2012.
Wished my representative was more engaged online
I don't subtweet. Unless you have a tail and think your some sick cage fighter from columbus
Eau Claire is in the house! #BonIver #bestnewartist #Grammys Justin V accepts by mentioning 'non-nominees' & those who inspired him
We just spoke with the mother of the 4 year old left on a Dansville school bus yesterday morning...
You seriously have to dumb yourself down to understand one sentence from mouth
"What is most urgently needed is a...shift from...education for society's sake to...a society that serves...education."
Red light at 27.
fashoooo ! Sounds good player!
whats up twitter what everyone doing today
do u know if he has to do a primary here in ny?
Wow. Sometimes (oftentimes) I can't wrap my mind around how those relationships actually worked. How slavery worked.
Yeah I remember that :p and you werent <3
Voodoo On The Road Tour! Tonight, Fawn Tavern w/ Fivealarm Flood! Need I say more? See ya!
Cant watch
What's good #followers #TGIF have a nice day
.. clarifying A2: .. and end-users are the ones holding smartphones, eg., consumers/buyers .. ?
100-67, give us the crown already
I would say bench buford but I don't know what to think anymore
"The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year" make that 5,000 for me lol
don't pay attention to those types of comments b/c you're amazing, its great that your following yur dreams :D ily<3
Went to the supermarket for milk. Walked out $88.75 poorer. Don't shop hungry!
happy birthday <3
It's the brightness in your eyes I see it all tonight In the darkness of my light Shining on the chosen few
(gasp) Do you mean is not already following me? ===> follow
woah! so very greek in its epicness! can't wait to see it...
What about Dust Bunnies? Lol
It's only wednesday...
Canada vs USA tonight..Let's go Canada
only if you want your insulin levels to spike.
Get at me for studio time and photoshoots.
Happy #Halloween everybody. Please be safe and don't eat to much candy.
Leadership is a contact sport. It takes a team!
It's a shame SYTCD doesn't credit composers on the song sets they use. Frank Sinatra did not compose Gypsy...
Charlie Sheen has nothing on you. Happy Birthday Deming!!!!!
There have been 913 online #donor registrations for May 1st and May 2nd combined, in the state of Illinois!
Back to bed. Not a good sign when the morning already wore me out.
flipped is a cute movie c:
I have a new favorite song next 2 you by Chris Brown Ft. Justin Bieber such a amazing song I love it so much!! :) <3
RT This is Bandelier Ntnl Monument's bday! President Wilson signed legislation to create the park on February 11 1916
And obviously breakfast which is the most important meal of the day...smh. lol
#SandraFluke, stand on your own 2 feet rather than depending on the govt your entire life. College is supposed to teach independence.
Gotta think coaches picked Taylor over Burke out of respect for his whole college career. Maybe not the best way to select.
A big thanks to the Owensboro Women's Network for hosting me today. Looking forward to their support at the Red, White, and Blue Picnic.
it's bed time for me
I just scrolled back and saw that you found out you're having a Little Miss! Congratulations!!
#College grads after the most #money should look for a job in the utility industry, highest average starting salary at $64K.
So is it mandatory for you to duet with Tony Bennet at one point in your career to achieve success?
Needing ideas for impersonations & impressions you think I should do. Tweet me. And Go.
Same here banged up still a little tipsy!!!!!!!
lmao she know I got her
TPQF=date after which you will be in the field. Helpful for scheduling #archaeology meetings during spring/summer cusp! Hope it catches on:)
i understand man, you can still come with me when i do it and maybe we can convince the photographer to let us both do it :)
Turned on #TheVoice. Tony Lucca did a great job with his version of 99 Problems.
Is there wine in your weekend plans?
afternoon, kids.Walked the dog, worked out,now sufficiently motivated for #amwriting. Starting over w/ chapt 3. This time, more conflict.
Wasn't going to drink tonight but this game might drive me to it.
haha, I will....which ones...? And you gotta send me a pic first...I need the email.
haha me neither - I'd much rather listen to Britney sing over her...or work it on the dance floor
": My final exams do not start till Wednesday fml" gud luck to ya hope u do well
RT : Know the source of your abilities and use your gifts to serve God. Inspired by 1Peter 4:10
<singing> You are worthy and we give your name the praise. You are worthy and we give your name the praise.
sorry, you popped on my TL and it just made me think of my friend. All these remakes and he has tons of orig scripts.
Great ending!
People Are Annoying Af..
no?!?! Is that from where I think its from???
In case people want to change, they will. If they don't want to, it is challenging to make them do so.
no u r awesome we r playing the virtual Jesse jane cd and the girls here are calling the shots hahha
my dad bowls in the league. loll.
I don't see the iPad??
A big welcome to Jeremy, the ALC's new Trinity Fellow from Marquette University, too. Glad to have you on our team!
Moo Goo who? He a pitcher? What are his stats like?
If you wasn't so stuck on stupid, we'd get along.
Hott bath tonight though...
ojala que no.
Ready for a nice vacation. Something simple like a chalet in gatlinburg Tennessee with the family.
Isn't there always a run on Sun morn? I'm w/ u, it was all I could do to get the flight booked, haven't thought abt sched
i can't get one of them they so thin i might drop it
If I were in a different place in life, I would seriously consider it!
My mailbox is empty. Dammit. I'm the kind of guy who is excited to get mail addressed to occupant.
RT Please #FundMyFriday it's warmed up early this year & the Food Trucks are out!
yeah you did
I hope Matt doesn't get a heavy sentence because Lisa deserved to die. #GH We also have killers like Jason & Luke roaming free for years.
Straight up! But when I get loose...these guys are in TROUBLE!
Only 5 days left to our #5D Seminar. Want to learn more about how to get the best out of your DSLR camera? Reserve your place today...
Woot! Go Rose Go!
it feels like I've been trying to get you to follow me since forever.. :/
Lil wayne killed it tonite! Great $ spent. Can't wait til he cmes back!! Never dwn play blo we show much love
Deal. ;) (Says the guy who doesn't have your number)“: HAHA happy to feature the guys so call me maybe?”
Working from home tomorrow means no 5:00am alarm
I lie. Car isn't started yet but it will be soon. Long story. Ask upty.
omfg ! And coincidently I have the appetite of a claw today !
Writing preliminary functional requirements for a search interface to some DBs -- trying to balance between what I want & what is practical
I wanna see a pic of him. I bet he so adorable.! :))
Are you going to Midwest UX next month?
Planning a 5-part science miniseries involving beer, ants, the origin of agriculture and yes, yes, back by popular demand, the clap.
Great info on Social Commerce, Ecommerce, and UX at our active account - pls follow us there and unfollow here (to help track).
please follow she is you biggest fan!45
DOPE! This Thurs I'm in the Final Showcase for Montreal Comedy Fest at and May 25 & 26 I perform w/ Bill Burr at Flappers!
oh lol sorry
Are you awake?! I was afraid to message you!!
Who wants me @ _yeager
Was told I had girls hating tonight, but all I say iS keep hatin its a disease..
163N accident just past Ash sounded exactly like a Nascar crash. I'm fan, so I'm well aware of that noise. Hope everyone is ok!
did u see avengers yet
regaling us w/ reportorial digest of Wells Fargo picket on Forum. Well played.
Like I wouldn't believe other people I would ask me because if told you she lied to you .. Tell me str8 up
the things I would do to go to st mikes again for a day
I smellith the views of a Sooner in Tx. ;-)
China's "superior economic model" has their per capita GDP rated in the top 100 of countries of the world. Not top 10 or 50. 100 .
I love the only time Boston fans have anything interesting to say is when they're talking crap about other teams. Let's do this Sixers
You're forgetting Shipley, no?
HAHA! I was in a hurry to get over to you! 💗
A FUCKING SAP
no problem can u plz follow my other account ? :)
I don't think should be allowed to claim a route to Baltimore when they drop you in White Marsh, and it requires a car. Liars.
So my cousin, and I want to start reading comics. Do my followers have any suggestions??
I wear white while drinking red wine. I live dangerously.
Thanks will.i.am for bringing back to the Maritime Music Hall last night, that brought back memories.
Marissa's elimination removed any interest or credibility in the show. Alex=lazy, Cameron=pansy, Marissa=best voice/actress!
I think the Gorilla once backed into a corner, comes out fighting and thrashes the Lion. I should check Utube for a Vid?
m... That looks well tasty :) xx
It's awesome to have an excuse to explain heteronormativity to people in bars.
Good morning ladies and gents
Ok Brewers, can you please start the crawl back to .500 starting tonight? Thanks
Boston is so very far. But they have seafood, and if they have you too, I guess that's good enough reason to visit. M...pie
End of day two and #KelTec still hasn't answered the phone or returned my calls regarding my broken PF-9.
Ok, who is buying those "if something stinks, it's Philadelphia cause we're the shit" bootleg tshirts?
aw. Yea I know what you mean.
damnit you caught me :P haha
Man, this year's NYC better have an awesome lineup like ISA LA.
omgosh the Matildas got an #oliviers2012 -- and how eloquent they are!! Crazy.
Smiley and googly, you can't go wrong. Happy New Year!
Just thinking.....
All my followers thanks for following me on I will follow yall back
I'm going to email you back today!! Just haven't had the 15 minutes to do it yet.. Been mobile for a while
To compliment the Easter holiday vibe, I'll be spending the weekend telling random strangers, "Passover -- what it is, chopped liver?"
he's not getting one. He is on the clock waiting in line for his boss flaunting his nexus one that already has multi-tasking.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO!!! :D Hope you have a wonderful day! I know you will because you're spending it with me. HA JK:) I LOVE U
Typing "LOL" when your face has less expression than a brick.
Conclusions so far: if you're white and female you get to go on cool thesis trips. Clearly, I lose.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece
Being around for your wife and kids should enough motivation. You can do it bro.
2 quadrillion words in HathTrust, very large files, different from many other modern-day digital libs #c4l12 how to scale?
Overheard at same venue: "I can't wait until my eyebrows grow back."
Accidentally retweeted instead of replied to this, but it's definitely "Beggin'" esp when performed by
Hydrox cookies: Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
It's in the Rome statute--state parties can be prosecuted (and the UNSC can seek prosecution under Ch 7.
Please no journalism... please no journalism... fuck!
Thank you!! XO
I'm feeling all of your tweets right now I'm going threw the same thing and I don't know what to do
Doing international business at 1 AM... can you guess what we're working on?
Happy Friday, #Albuquerque New Mexico! What are your plans for the weekend?
In the future for events we will definitely call PartyZone Rentals and recommend them to anyone planning a fun event!
His love knows no end...
you're crying because for the first tine in your life you have adult issues. no one is holding your hand any more, but you asked for it.
do you have a plan to finish that song?
Andrew Bynum gets triple-double...10 pts, 13 boards, and new franchise record 10 BLOCKS for
Excited For New Jonas Album 22
Are some of my poems being published? Yes :) I'll tell you more about it when it comes out :D
: I looked at the pictures taken at USC screening. Mark, you are so handsome!!!
You guys know the Bremen House was on an episode of Hoarders a few years ago, yeah?
Who knows what's in store for next year! How'd your launch end up going?
Whoever has pics from yesterday, PLEASE email them to Mar - .
Horace Williams: 87 students graduated two nights ago with an associates degree. Boosted attendance to 97% Need to win community.
They put Lily on a leash--ha ha!
I just finished a 3.27 mi run with a time of 29:45 with Nike+ GPS.
Spotify has a track limit of just under 10,000 songs on playlists. Okay, I can't like anymore music ever again.
clearly. But I'm a crazy person. Late June btw.
MIlwaukee NNS celebrating its first anniversary
6 more weeks of school. Hell yea!
The bitch is back!
the technical term is Ugly Fascia
The original investor discussion was - be biggest pet vertical, or.. be about helping people have fun? Guess which they chose?
agree. Pre-postseason, was a bit wishy-washy on NJD. Right now tho, they're playing best hockey of anyone alive
nun much..wyd
Starting next week will kick my ass if I don't do what I'm suppose to be doing. For my own good and my golf game.
Hey Dolls having an amazing weekend. Hope you are too. Be Greater!!
lol! Well you have explained that good enough ha
What a day it will be ;) giggle giggle
#BlackMamaQuotes stop all that crying before I give you something to cry about!
gaffield here not just as an individual but as a member of a community
whoa. RT : Junior Seau dead. Reportedly committed suicide, GS wound. #RIP #shockingnews wow
"The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate."
Holy cow! Just ordered a glass of wine at the hotel lobby bar and it was $21! Yikes!
What to do on this gloomy day? Answer: Condo shop downtown for the 2011 Spring Condo Tour! Lake Bluff, RiverCrest, The Point, & Watermark
lol um yes
Just transferred everything from an old black wallet into a new green wallet. Last time I did this was 2001.
THIS SATURDAY - THE ENDERS with TREMOR CHRIST - 9:30pm - The Lew Wallace Inn, 309 W. Pike St. Crawfordsville, IN - WELCOME BACK the ROCK!
Things are going well! But hard, as expected. How are you doing in SD? Congrats on getting the Noon anchor job!
When Mets lose, Yankees fans don't mock them. When Yankees lose, Mets fans rejoice. umadbro. Pathetic
cat left a present on the couch. awesome, cat. yes, okay, i will clean your litter box today.
Just make sure doesn't show up. Lol ;^) ": I want to go to the movies with Sheldon!!!!!!!!! #NerdCrush"
i hate when i mean to text someone and i send it to twitter.
Do you have to be an ugly hillbilly to be on Jerry Springer?
i only like eminem. actually i love him. but thats about it haha
I knew you would low this band.
Haha. If that's true Dom and I would get along great!
I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
back at ya Big Joe !! rt
she was beautiful .
Last one standing as usual. My roommates all went to sleep and I'm left up to ponder my thoughts. Haha ok!
Oh shucks. So we can ask to remix you? ;)
yeah! i wish i could've gone over to talk to you!
Sen. Whitehouse mentioned one of your stories in Senate Intel hearing yesterday, FYI
Grizzlies with the TRAVEL.. but of course, Blake gets called for the foul. smh
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
enjoy yourself dancing! Hope you like my new art!
What do ppl think i am an atm or bank of america... how many times do i have 2 tell ppl i do not have a job so y am i still paying 4 stuff
Good morning! How are you doing?
Taft-Hartley Act of 1947 robbed #union s of their right to call general strikes - reclaim you rights with us on
Cars used in Wrap Cup Masters are *not* those that were towed for being illegally parked at the Convention Center.
you had to be so perfect?
This was a Canadian study. & are the messenger.
My dog. Puked. All over. My shorts. WTF
If a picture wasn't going very well, I'd put a puppy in it.
The receptionist at my allergist's office is so rude! I guess not everyone is as lovely at a doctor's office as my mom is.
We hereby deduct 4,500 turds from Ernest Dronenburg's tally. We think we were too harsh-- endorsement prerogative.
ur such a loser!!! xP jkjk
That's a different vacation. This is a trip to visit home and to go to a health journalism conference.
New spots popping up everywhere! Stay tuned!
Saw the #Avengers last night! It was awesome! Great story, great action!
The rooms are going fast at Ocean House but there is still some suites lef at the low rates..................hurry!
Cooking channel : wonderful events for quick and easy meals. alton brown
gud job keepin her in bed wif you. Dem peeplez need to learn how to relax. Up to uz to teach
Another long day at work I need to start playing poker but so tired again.
classroom makeup: No windows, urine color walls, challboard, One brick wall. "brick by brick"
When different situations in our lives knocks us back many times, show life there are several reasons we must continue to move forward.
Hello sir! When are you next in the city and we can get that arak? cc
you are the most important person in my life...
We're all finally happy and stress free in this house. Even the dog realizes we're happy and is prancing around like Little Lord Fauntleroy.
you too yukiko-San :)
Glad we could help fuel your creative juices. Happy Holidays!
Saturday night, hello ;D
aw I bet he looks so cute
I don't care for that one on you.
Thanks! I think... I'm no cannibal! LOL
Heading to Westend Bistro...how I love thee, Restaurant Week!
I'm afraid to get on Facebook.
Movie Lover? Then don't miss this exciting chance to attend the Seattle True Independent Film Festival. For more info checkout...
I always get the weird or good girls just once let me get a bad one
Dumb driver alert! The streets of Columbus are never safe when it rains
Whats your favorite song and why??
I can't wait for tomorrow! :D <3
Lets go to Bamako
My daughter's current favorite is
Beautiful photo of our sister railroad - White Pass and Yukon Rail
Hello. how do you do?
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers (I do love saying that every year). I wish mine were still here - best mother and best friend.
love this
I hardly tweet any more . . .
naw I'm on your side on this one cuz I want u guys back together & u try to talk to Mireya for me cuz u guys close friends.
10 more tweets away from my 100Th tweet YAY !! Im catching up ^.*
when i hear claire sinclair likes dislikes and so fourth it sound like a lot like me she is describing and taking about. that's very wired.
This past week has been extremely busy and extremely rewarding! I am proud to say I was accepted into McNair.
"Living in the moment" is my good news!
- awesome collaboration adam and tony. Great coaching!
hobo best friends ! #teamhobo ! Ride or die!
Serious Party Animals! : I think should get an award for most social butterflies in one room for dinner.
I would beats you in the next day
its depressing to watch this game knowing the Nuggets were one win away from bein in this game
'bout time had a taste of what it's like to be someone's little sister ;)
Seriously why are the ICONicBoyz gonna delete !?!??!?????????!??
in partnership w/ #USC & brings you: Endangered Opus: Benefit Concert for #Egypt!
“: excellent fb status! RT!”>>>Thanks Matt :)
It is "Official" my song submission(s) is now entered into the 2011 International Songwriting Competition (ISC)
lmao ok ku your goin to the final game ! wow WHHY IN THE HELL ARE YOU STILL MENTIONING MIZZOU ! LMAO THOUGHT YAL DIDNT CARE ABOUT US ? RIGHT
Ryan Murphy, always finding new ways to prove to the world he truly is the Antichrist
I've just started my new novel. It will be out next year.
Uh stale bread and mead?
That's great that you went! given his recent comments, I want to hear what you thought tomorrow.
ready to rock and roll social media!
I-94 east bound work down to two lanes from 84th to 27th. Just can't imagine commuting to work.
Facebook iPhone app. Or as I like to call, "MySpace with dial up"
Thank you, , for the best Christmas card ever.
We are NOT what we own... we are NOT where we work... we are NOT who we use to be... we are NOT what we went through... Continued next tweet
Problem for the #STLBlues? They have tons of depth on defense, but only 2 real top-4 blueliners. Big issue against skilled team like LA
Creating A Bridge Mentoring - My joy comes in empowering others to take control of their lives and live out their destiny by using...
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
Only two Paths which will you choose?
It takes courage to realize that you can control your moods and thoughts. ~Stephen Covey
honk the horn, lmaoo
Make-up call for the bullcrap on the other end.
Thank you to all new followers! New to Twitter; thank u to & for all the support! U guys are awesome!!
Or...when you're in the bathroom and a server comes in, doutes his business then leaves without washing his hands...
“: #Aquarius: sign most likely to be on a hallucinogenic.”
Brains: the Other White Meat
oh..*calls back* ill be there in a minute..
I hate how your a backstabbing bitch. You know i fucking like him. Stupid dumbass skank.
Just missed it.
Thank you for coming to in the last nyt! We raised $53,000 w more coming in!
Yep Just had project to fix a dept's processes that were way out of whack 2 years after L&D handed over
There are days that all I feel like I'm doing is creating low-hanging social media data for someone else's research.
Things are working out nicely :)
just cutting out high fructose corn syrup and eating more whole grain and fiber I dropped 8 lbs in one week. For real.
u so have 2 dm me some
Saw a van w/ painted ads all over it. "Handy work. Any job. Even Mechical." It took 3 tries before auto-correct let me share that with you.
He should probably go home and not come back.
Our 50th season begins with REHEARSAL 9/12 at 730PM at Fairfax Pres. Church. Call the office if you want to AUDITION. It's goin' to b great!
I know I wasen't the ONLY one thinking it.
glad the tip was of some use and you got to see him. I heard the line went quick and he gave out coins
thanks for having us!! maybe next time it'll be all 11 of us...
I think that's it! Sorry for spamming everyone. =/
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain? - Buddha
I like that song... How about house of pain?
I need to start tanning again. I miss it.
great photo!
If the Beavs don't tackle LaMike by the legs instead of trying to strip the ball, he's going to go over 200.
tell em to hit me up on facebook or reverbnation...www.reverbnation.com/seaux deargent
what u been up to??
what's your drawing?
she sings my lipgloss is cool my lipgloss is poppin
If nobody goes to school 2maro then it technically be another day of spring break for everyone
Yes but it's unlikely
Thank you!
Yes I will, thanks for the heads up. I'll hit the redditors up now
lol right. Cause that's the O-N-L-Y game they gone luck up on this year!!! Lol
Thanks - let me know if you need more
9/11 was an inside job. 20 questions with the president... www.infowars.com
We are looking for nurse paralegals for a terrific boutique client! Send resumes to me if interested!
[+] P.S. I know "arg(ument)s" might be a bit generous, but there did seem to be some thought/previous work beneath her one-liners...
Downtown. I'm in the Paralegal Studies program, so I'll be using the law facilities and library - can't wait!
we are gonna be such an adorable couple
I missed the first 20 min of TVD 2day Ugh Know have to wait utill 2morrow to see it from the start LOVE TVD
Why cant I live for my Fairytale Dream??? #Rich #Children #Husband There is another side to this life...
Our moods do not believe in each other. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I Am a #SUbwayFan !
so jealous of anyone that gets to see silversun pickups () around san diego today.
Thanks tummy thanks you. Getting that duck sandwich next time.
There are very few movies I can watch just the last 30 minutes of... Tin Cup is high on that list!
Taking a break from vitamin supplements: multiple, omega-3 and bone complex. Makes me even more conscious of real food, and its value.
My teen is attending #smcash virtual class now. Teens can do social media.
LOL...the #Angels are just awful.
We're posting today's post early becuase it's just that good. Wise words from eighth grader coming soon...
Whoa Columbus.. Are you loving this weather!?
the fans need to be educated on guidelines and while it mighy not "settle" issue it would show transparency of which we ha ...
you look real lovely khloe
lolol it's not that bad. We didn't even get green stuff! Just fruit and like soups
Writing writing writing #making hits
Practitioners should inform FLIS research.
Green lantern followed by xmen while cleaning. Fabulous!
Banner outside Capitol: Assembly Democrats Are Open for Business. Reps from districts 62, 9, 73 & 42 meeting with people outside.
thanks brother! Keep up the good work! And train hard and healthy! God bless!
Love love love your show! So many amazing guests, so I'm just curious- who has been your favorite person to interview so far???
wouldn't this require a number of different logins though?
tht sucks! I've been dealing with depression 2. But remember there's always more to look forward to.
Why is David Stern still talking? There's a game going on.
Do you have a chart showing your progress? :-)
thanks for the mention! pls follow us so we can DM you some updated info.
2 papers, a project, and a test within the next 5 days... Should be fun.
Omg well I was gonna do my homework but is on so now I'm not gonna:p he should definitely check his dms...(,
would you want to collaborate with a classroom in VA? We have laptops for each kid. I supervise teachers, but can find folks.
Too tired to be at work ... Just another day
It's that wonderful time of year where the weather is warm and NYC buildings still have the heat on.
One Direction, Demi Lovato, Cody Simpson, Hot Chelle Rae, Big Time Rush, and Allstar Weekend at the moment :)
Nice way to end day. I apologize to woman for my co.'s bureaucracy, she says: "I work for the State _ I understand bureaucracy."
Can't sleep:(
#SXFkPrivacy booked 25 mins before start of session. #SXSWFail Hoping for larger rooms or reserve system in '13
haha um yes!!! i wonder where the bio dome is located...
I really don't like déjà vu. It scares me more than most things.
#LiesIveToldMyParents that's not my beer.
LMFAO, & i just gonna spell it out cause idk how to pronounce is.. "g o n (pause to breathe), z a l... e z.
Don't rush or force the ending... All you have to know is the next scene, or the next few scenes. - Chuck Palahniuk
"I'm fine" -All pissed off girls
ok then tell me when where and how much you wanna lose by my sisstaa
Happy Birthday! I luv u man. :)
Calling all high school students!! The Cesar Chavez High School Essay Contest is taking submissions thru 3/1/12. Visit:...
i wish i knew how to go to sleep before the AMss
like when lily threw a condom at the camera, loll. C:
Hi brother we miss you
sorry Ellen you just missed it!
Why're you talking about your parents' estate / inheritance? Waiting for them to die?
Finally done w/ Macbeth stuff for now... on to decorating a cake for bio, Japanese & more studying... Late night again? I think yes.... =P
All I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin wit no other drug #4/20
Between the optimist and the pessimist, the difference is droll. The optimist sees the doughnut; the pessimist the hole! Oscar Wilde
does 7 work for both of you?
iowa fan?
"Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on: that's when you're the prettiest." NO Drake NO! What were you thinking?
You *must* come out! We mostly use Cyclops for breakfast...ish... time. Been a while since Mama's, but yummy food for sure.
One Federal and two community foundation grants filed in the last 20 days.
@ Romaine Virgo's CD release party at Crossroads killing some brown stew fish. Lawd ah cyaan tek it!!!!
lol thts right he can't handle our love lol
so true
I'd fuck the shit out
Thunder ain't out yet!
she need to get bopped right in da head for that
Pretty sure it just disconnects the domain. Not searchable, accessible.
Take a photo & video of todays #iphone release event and upload to - earn $17
The first FPP Harlem readers: Pulitzer Prize winner Margo Jefferson, celebrated novelist Sam Lipsyte, groundbreaking artists
Times like these make me really love the family I've built in SF. Love all of you.
Woo hoooo!! We are ready to go tonight!! RT : Touch down sin city !
I swear its more drama on Cedar Point campus than it is in Highschool
Be salt smart. Skip regular and enjoy the reduced sodium soy sauce.
The special burger with beets, pickles, goat cheese & bacon is EXCELLENT. Please keep coming to Chestnut Hill.
Joining on air from 7-10 this eve during our Friend-Raiser Membership drive...thank you goodies avail: CDs, clothing...
A woman's dress usually stays in fashion until the next time she goes shopping - Unknown wise person
The Devil Inside--Thx for saving my Saturday afternoon!
Yo armpits look like theyre slopped with new England clam chowder haha. Thick ass deodorant lookin like coolwhip in your arms
Yes, Deep - it does - always fun to actually see you though... RT : Skype sucks. Was fun talking to though! :D
I will! Thanks man :)
To All #TEDxYouth events around the world - Wishing You and Your Presenters All the Best of Luck from SoFla ! Our event is on Sunday!
Car blew up on the way back. Made it from Panama City to Georgia. Had to van it, then bus it to ATL airport and fly back to Boston
-- Your insecure 'security' just ripped me off for $250.00. Just for updating my info.Your 'spoof' people affirmed defraud. Money??
You wanna know why your dick is so small?? It's because 3/4 of it is shoved into your personality.
Merry Christmas Eve ! <3 So Excited For Tomorrow! #Presents !
I'll sleep when I'm dead but until then I'm GRINDIN 💰💰💰
hay did u get ur schedule yet ;D
#NP Motley Crue: Same Old Situation. on guitar.
No hitting the Twins just kind of feels mean
It's raining in Miami so comcast is down.
5 and diner....
Mine is at one, but I have to turn in a paper before 9am and another before 5pm.
enjoying my day off, rain and all
I grew today. Its not about what you know, its about what you learn.
Thanks for the shout out!
Today is brew with the brewer! Come on down!
Waiting for your birthday so you can get a million Facebook wall posts.
Sometimes I wake up to wondering where I am! And I was not even wasted or was I? I don't remember but I swear I never seen that guy before
Cant wait for MW3 tomorrow!
Rollerblading has been working out leg & booty muscles I didn't know existed!
Smart Ride is the best public transit app I've found
I'm bored. I'm stuck in a car for 5 more hours. I like Black Sabbath. One of these things is not like the other...
All over that ass ass ass RT: love u more 😘”
We're less than 24 hours away from a concert announcement on Channel963! Tomorrow afternoon, 5 pm...be there!
THE INTERNET IS SO FUNNY TONIGHT. EVERYTHING IS LAUGHABLE.
Wow congrats 2 all the Webby winners.. geez I can still remember that 1 tym (yes 1!) in my career when I won one. Amazing feeling no doubt!!
it went well - despite tech glitches, that seem to plague me in talks
Thinking of turning my garage into a gallery space. Cocktails and nibbly things served monthly.
true dat, i mean that is true.
Happy Holidays from Urban Pessimist! We will be coming back SOON.
Nice! I have the grey wolf-warrior (used to be called navajo) and it's gorgeous! The brown bear is my all-time fave though!
dammit we were in a place of Zen!
Heading to Palo Alto tomorrow for some employee training and then coding with Jive Apps developers on Wed.
Great session this week with Jerry Stucker, Tony Adamo, and Tower of Power great Stephen "Doc" Kupka.
#drrapist is consistent above everything else.
squirt is pee??? i never squirted
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America.
yipper dipper u not the only one(:
How many walks in that span though?!?
Ok, if I want to watch soccer, baseball and boxing later, I'm going to have to stop having another
Why are Seattle baristas writing drink orders on sleeves, even if it is an iced bev & there's no line to call down?
ah! so exciting! tell Lux 'happy 8 months birthday' for me! have a great day! Xx
If Newt wants to colonize the moon by 2020, might I suggest he lead the way? I'll even give him a head start.
oops thanks :-)
You got it!
#top chef will b carving ice at 2morrow nite 4 flavor tripping on ice! Get a tble 8558346464
part 6 is up!! go to my favs for my ICONic Boyz Love Story!!!
I need you like a heart needs a beat
Life is a beautiful gift, don't waste it> ENJOY
Telling a girl that shes not pretty doesn't make her pretty it just brings the UGLY out of her!! :(
Happy Birthday JIT! 
Walk to get lunch and the 13 flights of stairs. Simple things work and don't cost monthly.
Ill be back guys im gonna start to pack for the band competition tomorrow-Kelly xoxo
Happy Earth Day !
"Taking a new step, uttering a new word is what people fear most."
or you could send me a check. either way.
Don't let anyone tell you you are not fabulous. You are! Even if you haven't figured it out yet.
With a PER of 30.74, LeBron James ends the 11-12 season with the 10th highest rating in NBA history.
will you ever notice me ? Sincerely, a devoted french fan <3
I was reading about your Blur Hadoop-based architecture. It looks pretty interesting!
how can I win one? I have no money and have a MAJoR use for this.
No American child should be left behind in a school that is part-time, part-day, part-year. Luis Ubinas, #timetosucceed campaign.
Me three!
Seriously getting yelled at because I'm doing my homework!? How does that work?
Thanks for the shout-out, Marcus!
hard to be done but congrats man. Whens the graduation date?
Just enjoyed coffee & #sportsbiz chat w/ IMG Consulting/Olympics guru & #NSMN Board Member Mike Murrey.
Stay away. Unreliable service. Cancelled visit 1 hour prior even after I reconfirmed. Very poor and unprofessional.
shot me out of the sky your my kryptonite you keep making me weak frozen and can't breath<3
taking shots at everybody. the king is back.
UMC press conference..10 patients received there. Five in critical condition. 5 still in surgery. Giffords out of surgery, under anasthesia.
This year we broke even on snow. I'm so grateful for that. Did I pray & pray. We can't have any more snow because we've no more funds [1944]
In his defense, he was in P.B. Seems like just another Thursday night
Killing charisma make these cupcakes remember
Associations and folksonomies are underutilized and powerful (ex: Amazon's people who bought this also looked at...)
Basketball 101: If a team doesnt get any offense early in the shot clock it gets difficult to score consistently.
If Peyton comes to Denver he could hang out with his ol' college buddy Todd Helton
ha. Safer choice my friend.
#JoshRipley sounds like an awesome guy, and an admirable athlete. "Runner carries injured rival 1/2 mi to aid..." bit.ly/qSFIgl
I guess it's not your day
how the hell can't my roommate hear his alarm clock going off for two hours straight.
Curtis Lowe By Skynyrd
I knew it. Jessica Simpson ate her face off during her pregnancy cuz she had a weight watchers contract waiting on the other side.
good luck! hope you achieve your goal and look hawt for summa ;)
I've had the coolest RA ever this year!
SirDumpinstein ill be on that #maxpayne3 all week though
Mr. Krabs: "Spongebob, that hat makes you look like a girl." Spongebob: *blushing* "Am I a pretty girl?"
how was the show?? wish i could've gone! its been years since i was in socal
#Seattle is so gorgeous today - I hope it remains so for my time lapse shoots next week!!
Tom Brady > Your Guy
Occasionally, yes. The experience wasn't nearly as fun as one would think.
love Grape. You there for biz or picking up some good wine?
At the Grammys pre party L.A
I'm soo tired... Even tho I've apparently ive been in a coma for the past day...
I Hate When Ppl Ask Me Dumb Questions!!!
LA Actors who want to work with hip how hang productions send head shot and resume to hiphowhang
Responded to FIRE @ 1575 Odell Street, Bronx, NY 10462. Red Cross auto update.
Bang bang bang bang
of course when you mess with someone theeir gonna take it too heart.
