July 31st! Just what the parrotheads have been waiting for. Retweet if we will see your smiling faces at KMC!
Two of my FAVE bevs of all time - cheers!
event, thanks for spreading the news
I fail to understand Jake's Bachelor-based decisions. I pray he is not so indecisive as an airplane driver.
" i have no interest in playing, I just want to know how to play." So basically you just want to waste my time.
“: doing a melody of at ! Video soon!” get ready!!
Nothing but lie after lie.. night world
TWiP podcast recording starts in 15 minutes :))
Now following back :]
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing!
zombie thing was meh.
I have to agree with the current caller. LA would be a great trade piece for a true finisher
Dear your back massages are the reason I can come to work. You're the best
: Best practices for opt-in : don't buy lists, use active and double opt-in, be transparent.
Tanqueray & tonic yeah...
June. Will you be to travel / show me the city?
hunger games until I fall asleep
RT : "Stay hungry. Stay foolish" - steve jobs. RIP to the man who formed our generation. Prayers to the Jobs family.
Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will all be judged by only one thing -- the result.Vince Lombardi
(2 pts for this one) Last Q: What's Ariana's complete name?♡
I'm beginning to wish for technology to become sentient self-aware beings so I can strangle the life out of my printer.
thanks for the support dude! we'll see you this weekend
wax everywhere?! What the hell happened? I remember being offered a Grammy? May come in for a diet coke on my non way to work...
if I had your number, in would text you al the time. Hint hint(: haha
UPDATE: 5P (NOT 4:30) Our new partnership to preserve #Armeniangenocide testimony on Los Angeles News
The reason dealers charge outrageous deale fees is simple. Some people pay them!
so about the same time. I wonder how or if they accounted for it.
I don't care what anybody says, I like Billy. He Is the #Oscars to me.
Men in Black I International Poster
I hate being sick! :(
Ocean Clinic tomorrow 7am @ LMU.. 1st hour in the pool, then grab your wetsuit and head on down to the beach!
text me
That awkward moment when you're at a red light & you look at the person next to you & they're already looking at you.
I can't wait 4 the playoffs!!
Tonight ALICE will have a Cooper's Cover from Yes, A Vinyl Siding Song from Deep Purple and a future classic from RUSH at 7p on 101.5.
Here's another - #WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly - well, in the TV biz it's "you've got a face for radio" - ouch. This hashtag thing is kinda weird
- follow us and get a free cream'wich!
That's stupid
: has some good answers to some tough questions.
this could take a few tweets.. I guess the door guy had just moved a table to its "correct" place (unbeknownst to me) I then..
#addicted to flick soccer
I hope I fall asleep at the wheel and crash my car on the way home.
Sweet! Stay in touch Virginia!
I wish rather the #Royals still had Kyle Davies over Luke Hochevar. At least Davies wasn't a #1 overall #mlbdraft pick.
Caps Top Pens in OT
D-town love with & #PeytonManning in SD to remember
i put damage protect-ant in my hair. GAWD IT SMELLS GOOD.
Dinner date with #besties 💜💚💙
To choose the best floor, employ the best technology... ur EYES!!!
It may be Monday, but have no fear... HAPPY HOUR is here!! Monday-Friday starting at 330pm! Drink & food specials going on :)
sure has a lot of marriage advice for someone who's been divorced twice and has rushed into yet another relationship.
they know
then we'd have to listen to an another insufferable tribute...
good bye!
and now any sort of attraction I had for this guy is completely lost. :(
"Sept. 7, 2010 -- the H1N1 swine flu was no more severe -- and posed no greater risk of serious disease -- than recent seasonal flu bugs."
lucky :/ I wished she would text me. She really loves you a lot! I don't know how you did it...
RT : currently in school for MSW (master's of social work) however I'm thinking about switching 2 criminal justice, thoughts? ^MH
how hit was Stevie Nicks?!!
Humber is all over the place. Ill take Axelrod as my 5th starter. And I would never give Hafner a pitch to hit.
Please follow me ? :)
Test results back: no evidence of disease. Yahoo!!!
Thank you for carrying !
Today 8 November is my 53rd Birthday & I'M GOING TO WALT DISNEY WORLD Magic Kingdom Park All Day
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend Who SWACKS UP THE ASS THAT ITS AS IF THEY ARE YOU!!!
Damn. Had a dream about VoxPro. Yes, that's how much I miss it.
sorry but it was close
Thanks for the RTs and favorites!
Heyy How are ya doing today?
You from Cinco Ranch though.
gearing up for my April newsletter! Send me your email address and I promise some great informative info!
It's #FF already!? This week flew by! In that case, follow and b/c these chicks rock my socks!
bruh. full van sadly : (. if anything changes ill let ya know.
RT : You can now find us at Goodreads! Look us up, join the group. :)
sushi time
you're welcome and I hope you have an amazing birthday :)
Please let me know if you guys are available and contact information. Thanks!
At flanigan's in Wellington
u read my comment
I'm just getting over one. Finally caved and drank myself healthy.
good 4 u hun.. i wish i cud say the same
There's a big assumption in the graphic - that non-excellent teachers, whatever that means, are cause of achievement gap.
“: why am i the only one ballsey enough to play hey mister?”
Enjoying a cup of #Tim_Horton's this morning. Mighty nice.
Just had the best sub.. steak on flatbread with tomatoes, green peppers and chipotle dressing. My fav!
#IfOnlyYouCould rewind the past to when Austin was 14 & had only around a thousand followers. When him & Alex use to goof off, in Texas.
RE: memorizing tips - best were repitition and recording - guess it's like a muscle, the more you do, the stronger you get.
shut up
Whether they got 1 wk or 14 wks, it was a gift!
Stop by RIF Pittsburgh's table at the Bryant Street Festival on Sunday! Kids can make their own bookmark and select their own book to keep!
RT Drink Beer legally RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
The pages are still blank, but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink and clamoring to become...
Apocalypse Now, Zodiac, City of God, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, Blade Runner, Dr Strangelove, Exorcist
boo! I miss the tie!
Hey Men Yo didnt go to facebook to teach me that is really bad thank you for nothing!!!!
thank you :)
Out walking the dogs a women asked if I was the guy on her roof last night..he had a beard..wt
yay, thx! We so appreciate all the work that goes into it
I love how the younger guests awards are waiting for autographs from literary professionals.
It's Up To You To Make Those Hit Records, Its Up To Us 2 make It #SOUND Like a Hit Record
Couldn't agree more. It is ironic how #HR tends to be where strong culture, engagement & great ideas go to die.
I am currently eating a muffin with a spoon, to what would no doubt be the chagrin of my coworkers.
Looked into some 3rd party apps, kind of hard to grok on first glance. Kind of like Excel itself.
dm I know you are paid to consult and When funded we will Meanwhile, we have an amazing Edu opportunity. When do we go public?
Life is good.
So apparently Miguel Torres is my long lost cousin.
Ever consider a home theater system for endless hours of entertainment? Come visit us at www.tazzlighting.com to find out more.
You may not have a lot of friends, all you need is The Friend. Jesus!
Big game tonight... LEGGO BOYS <3
With all of this champagne celebration talk, how long until we hear the story of the under-agers during the UWM celebration?
Wake up, school, home, sleep, Twitter, eat, workout, homework, TV, sleep. Than the cycle repeats.
The updated schedule should be out this week. As soon as it is, we will post right away. Hope you can still make it!
What's everyone up to tonight?!?!?!
Open phone lines on The Other Side program via call - 713.526.5738 - open topic!
Least cool athlete?
I'd love to get one of those #MUFC Champions kits. Just for the lulz.
Took all day for my room service
girl get yo ass of twitter lmao
#WeWontWork if you don't put any effort into the relationship.
Rawking out to Doves - Kingdom of Rust!
10/5 Salad Special: Mixed Greens in a Fresh Herb Vinaigrette w/Shrimp Remoulade, Sliced Avocado, Vine Ripe Tomatoes & Crumbled Goat Cheese
Happy Birthday to my little sister. The big 16! :D
Just sold $CEDC for a quick 5% profit.
God is in leading us, God is by our side, God is above us & right in our faces, while chasing us down with blessings at that!
wow that sounds like great sequencing!
It need to gone rain.
I was contacted by that a Talent Manager was interested in representing me after viewing my Best Performance.
I don't wanna leave!!!
I just got sucked in to watching The Bachelorette,someone take my penis and beat me with it!
Not even a week after the first old lady, a 92 year old woman was found murdered in her home in District Heights, MD. What is going on?!
When the sun goes down, the lights go up at Jacks and the night is ours. Come hang out!!! -dg
Why are the waiters at Chinese restaurants so rude!!
Its funny how my phone is off butbi can still get on twitter
We trippy mane
sometime in the Spring, April or May time frame. DM your e-mail and we will put you in on our Boston agenda!
My mother just called me a bridezilla ...hm...
I understand. Mine fell somewhere in my car. Hubs did find it after cutting out a compartment a year later! I hope you find it.
very very busy day! but it's worth it cause im making lots of money! :) #awesome!
you're gay mijo ^.^
it was really nice seeing some familiar faces at the Field of Dreams event tonight
pssst (: I have ice cream!!!
O you scared!
panel on the Constitution at 250.
RT : When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. ~ Napoleon Hill...
Wow Harvard going for 4 point play to ties it!
can't seem to facebook connect. whether i approve or deny optional permissions, I get "content not found". on ios app or web
Ion wana be her bff nomore
They killing it over hea!
RT “The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept”~ George Carlin quotes
We love seeing humanities folks showing up all over the beautiful Vinoy! We're in for a great few days!
What are you wearing tomorrow ??
- Likewise! Thanks for the follow!
What going on people?? Comment me how are you doing today...
I've been able to keep it together the past couple days but this pushed me off the edge
better chance of Rex Ryan going to church with tebow than that happening
Do you remember those cold Decembers, with you wrapped around me, tight as a glove?
Just passed from Florida to Georgia on I95. Looks like I won't hang with #cwcon folks tonight...
wait til next time...you're going down slut
Yo girl. Message me your number. I got an iPhone and your number didn't transfer over. Miss you! Hope everything's well.
Incubus is incredible
I can't wait to get home and eat some weeds. That's what you call the act of using a weedeater, right?
ATI Announces Long-Term Agreement for Rene 65 Alloy
it would be worth it trust me she wants you
nobody likes her. Its so funny
What an abso-smurfly gorgeous day here in Kansas City!
Hmm Mexico don't really celebrate Cinco De Mayo , and here in the U.S. they celebrate it all big and shit !
so glad to see other ppl i kno get into this whole #parenting thing. i laugh and i cry for them. but not as much as i laugh and cry 4 myself
We are looking for an office in Tampa. Please let me know if anyone knows of any good spots.
Funny thing is I was referring to work. But twitter could use one too.
your tweets are awesome! :)
haha I'm not that nasty.
CC is 16-2 Lifetime vs. O's !!! Marc I think you could catch him tonight & he'd win.
I have a lunch appointment at noon so I can't go yet. I'm dying! RT Scholz: Is it time for Grandma Lunch yet?
Projection: Under Obama, we will have wages. Under Romney, the Chinese will have wages.
first rain, now snow? UGH
definitely. Can't wait!
power is out again. grrr mlgw.
Most the chicks that magazines try to pass as being perfect and sexy are ridiculously ugly. #noass? #notitties? Not none!?
are you attending???
#dml2012 mission admission- goal to win - collage!! Building game strategies t aptly your goals. Launching this month on
Listening to freak out because she probably has to do all her engr 131 hw by herself! I thought Asians were hard working?!
Audition tomorrow for 30 Rock! Third time's a charm!
Please follow me I LOVE YOU <3
Haha, thats how I feel. But he's actually being funny, and he is hardly even talking. Aha
"when I eat, it's the food that is scared"....classic Ron Swanson
#flavortown was that a reference to Guy? My buddy and I poke fun at his quotes every week... We have a list.
Hello twitter :)
Ok! I will watch and vote now. :)
30/30 is back on again 7:30 cst..ESPNU. A year running ....thanks Espn and Jon Hock
set fire to the rain!
Bo pellini at a loss for words
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. ~ Maria Robinson
in a good way! Lol
Starting at 1:30 (Now): Head over to Reckling Park for networking before the Rice vs. UH baseball game. Free food and drinks!
Thank You :-)
#AskMichelle Are you still proud to be an American?
I just got charged a bag fee and tomorrow when I land someone is going to hear about it.
It thinks your cheating on it lol!
I Choo Choose to Believe.
Thanks for the #FF Paul! :)
a good friend would share a copy of that with his other friends ;-)
Listen To Some Odd Future In Class!!!
Does Sefalalalalalalosha have a twitter?
Are you reading "The Art of Racing in the Rain" for 's All #Henrico Reads? Author Garth Stein speaks in #RVA April 5.
Heed the warning!
i think we should skip school and go to the mall... yes or yes ? (;
#CGXEmerge Thanks to , the LDP Associates behind the scenes, our clients, vendors, etc... Great memories! Safe travels to all.
unlocked or locked?
Sending happy thoughts and wishes for excellent turkey your way. Also happy to whisper a prayer to deity of your choosing...
bwahahaha because they just skate by at life? ;-)
Ok, enough #passiveaggressivetweets for now... Back to being positive (But, seriously!)
we are in pre-marketing right now and will be live in 2012!!! thanks!
Some people are hopelessly devoted to their labels. Democrat? Republican? Liberal? Conservative? You are a sad sad waste of air.
Whether or not God exists is not as important as whether a belief in God exist
Levo League Offers Career-Building for Gen Y Women
Melissa Harris-Perry has a fantastic show on MSNBC. But that lisp! But she is also very well educated.
We slow sometimes... but THANKS!!
Thinking about putting in my 2 weeks
Ringer's on tonight! What do you think will happen to Bridget + Andrew's relationship?
Did everyone have a good time at our show with Lydia!!?!?!
Just got word SB466 will be signed today. (It's confirmed) Law will likely go into effect on April Fools Day. Wish it were a joke.
A huge thanks to the over 80 friends and supporters who came to Senator Scott White's Fundraiser tonight!
if you listen to Justin Bieber backwards, it totally still sucks
This is getting annoying. Either it rains or it doesn't. Enough of this on and off crap 😒
A review, yes. First words have been written
I'm just staring at my computer screen laughing my head off and my dog's all, WTF? O.O
Can someone please tell me why Skype is committed to making it impossible to quit the program? I upgraded and can't find the quit button...
You are not helping! ;)
RT : RT : Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and #TheMoneyTeam -- Thank you.
Tomorrows the last day of school?........I THINK YES!!! Summer 2012 is coming my way!! ((:
What's your favorite part of the season? :)
Here's me # so call me maybe...
Hope all the moms out there had a great day Mother's Day.
back from Portland...not sure how I feel about it. Other than cool.
lol just making sure.
I might be addicted to sleep.. Normal?
no i can too!
OMG this game fuckin sucks
I knew it!
Smoke Break!
I used safety scissor and a bathroom mirror. So classy lol
Really like the angles of excitement for Kathryn Bigelow's win= lady! librarian's daughter! former conceptual artist! beating J-Cam is best!
- PLEASE stop the bucher/broussard debates, no one wants to read that shit
Do not lose courage when considering your own imperfections. They are the things that make you unique. Embrace yourself & engage the world.
What did he do?
I've been to it was awesome.
This Wednesday at the Wine Bar, Gypsy Jazz with Hot Club of DC : guitars, violin, bass and vocals. 7pm. No cover.
I wish. I really wish to be on that stage dancing. That's really what I meant.
First problem is any president referred to as a "rock star." How many rock stars you know that can create jobs for the masses?
how goes it over there? Need any guest bloggers?
there's nothing wrong with swim trunk shorts! :-P
Mark One Eyeball.
I can't wait for 4:30!
T3: I think for business use its important being on the right networks to reach your customers, clients, followers and friends.
Very productive day, greenhouse built and seeds planted.
Way to go Kaner
Oil Rain Lamp - antique oil lamps
Just turned on the news and guess who's on? - check her out Fri @ Club Giarbaldi w/ Tickets $5
Any of my coworkers have an iPhone charger on them?
on the left, we spend too much time of defense! I also agree with your take on Paul. I like Paul, he is consistant and honest but
5K scholars, students, artists, critics, curators, collectors, librarians in LA for 100th annual conference today.
sure - laugh at us. but i'm moving to NY if the ban goes through!
I need to learn how to use Tweetdeck for iPhone
♥MERRY CHRISTMAS♥
I cannot wait for the coast! #cold weather here I come :D
You can't be a player forever man- tyga
Meal Planning Monday a new series on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com
Nice Team call boys: Hunster Mahan with the win :)
Bad bad bad decisions.
first few pictures are finally up. www.everywebbs.com loads slowly because it's had some issues, but I finally got them up!
you hit me with a fucking donut.
on beach
i hate camilla so much she stupid Gia is the best rock it girl and fuck these bitches up when you have too
Milwaukee King junior Austin Malone-Mitchell picked up scholarship offers from Bowling Green and San Francisco today, per his AAU coach.
when i herd say that his kid wanted a ceiling fan t shit i just bout shit myself laughing!
if you drop the "experience" it becomes COOL :)... but more seriously, i haven't seen much cooperation in a any of these
Everyone #Follow for some good music
Is armor fully customizable?
I JUST got caught up! Lol *goes to watch so I don't fall behind again* lol
just when I thought I was out, Facebook pulled me back in!
and dudley moore's real life son went to my school in nyc growing up.
10 min left of #smallbusinesssaturday! Buy ANY items in the www.nightowlmerch.com store and get a FREE "Night Owl - Up All Night" Tote Bag!
so cute
Softball: Megan Bates' RBI double scores Brynn Lio as Wildcats get one back trailing 3-2 to St Helens into the 7th.
lol it's been that long ? I was over your house like winter break & in October & you weren't there.
Thanks for coming to see us last night in Dallas. Enjoyed meeting you. Looking forward to watching DVDs of Breaking Bad.
Twiiter is like a good friend that you never have to see
I hope I get what I am wishing for.
we miss ya. It's kinda close football season n you know what that means. Parties at Cynthia's!!!
Intermission at 4th Street's "August: Osage". Nicely done.
never mind I was told it was custom class for a corporate client. I'm just a student. Damn
So nice to have a Raider here in Jacksonville
I hear you need boxing gloves!
These refs can suck it
Its ok I don't judge lol RT : dwl
BELOW THE BRIM updated their website! Art, Fashion, Hope... its not just a "To DO" it's "To B"...
I just won four tickets for tomorrow night's game from AWESOME!!
might make it.
If you want the inside on internet marketing go to: www.warriorforum.com let me know what you think..
almost? You had a chance to BE somebody.
hit the follow button and
Stupid spam.
Say again
lml! I'm dyin! And I'm rude?! Wow lolololol aight I dig u win
Fighting at Paseo graduation , really ! Smh
Finished reading "Search Engine Optimization Secrets" by Danny Dover. Written for those who want to be SEO consultants. Very well done.
The 1st three books are phenomenal. They slow down after that. Currently reading book 5.
My leg looks awful, and so does my arm.
RT : Greco: its not nonprofits themselves that are inefficient, but the rules in which they are forced to operate. Huzzah!...
I have a feeling that drama is going to start in Peyton's street team again. 😒
i think i'm goin to some house party
In other news: Drive Thru @ Chick-fil-a for lunch. Ordered #4,Spicy Deluxe meal. Drove 10 minutes, opened my sandwich box..No Top Bun! FML
great! Thank you.
we want to see is "Rock of Ages." There is a half price ticket booth in Times Square which sells 1/2 price tix day of show.
hahaha, I love it! Where do I get a set?
Happened to me yesterday, except I forgot a sports bra. It was the perfect excuse to ditch the gym.
I've noticed. I had hoping my sad pleading would be worth less than an hour of their time, though
I still don't think you realize how much I honestly like you.
Now up: Lisa Snyder on classroom use of 3D models of urban environments
We are competing in the 3rd Annual Boston Chili Cup at Ned Devine's on Thursday, Feb 16th! Get your tickets here...
that bad huh? Should have stuck with the underage Hooters girl dumbass
Hello Naill!! You're amazing, hope you have had a great day <3
Dale Jr is off to a great start still think he will win multiple races and challenge for the championship
Senate Finance covering foster care programs now in budget hearings. Sen. West asking good questions.
I didn't, I thought you were serious!
Nice work - Kevin will be there!
At the #Races with my Zachy!! <3
its ok I wonder what times its in the uk right just waiting for it be on
This special event will be held in Long Beach, California on the 17th and 18th of September
almost did except for the fact it's neon under white
I GOT IT BRO ILL BE HITTIN YOU LATER TONIGHT
Digging very deep into my heart so I can write something of substance and meaning...
Sorry for the families, friends of troops lost today. That real pain makes Washington's dysfunction completely unbearable.
Yep, a couple of case studies around here. *sigh*
The influx of #SpringBreak-ers to #NewMexico has been a blast so far! I love seeing people enjoy our great state!
the "allowing Elena to make her own decisions" thing is a big, big deal. I think that's why she loves Stefan more and most of all
yeah I get so frustrated with refs but my dad is one so......lmfao
Lets Go Texas!!!!
Getting ready for another giveaway! Start brushing up on your western trivia for the 2010 Hot Air Hoe Down this Saturday!
RT : I'm staring at a microphone...should I record a new freestyle and put it out tomorrow? Hell yeeaaaahhh
Here a miracle- a hot gamimg girlfriend
According to Chris Mueller you are the worst dressed Admiral?! According to JSonline's hockey blog. haha
The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the same ones she can't stand years later.
Gabby. GABBY. GABBY!!!!
duhh i thought i told u like a thousand time at the track meet lol
Parents with iPads: do you have favorite apps to keep kids entertained? Looking for something the baby can play with.
Always around when the lighters up, never putting in on nothing
I meet ~~> down 5points she gave me her twitter but not da # :(
Thank you for the feature!
Corey Brewer is who Losing Isiah grew up to be lol
Having the most horrible night
I clicked twitter on my imdb page and went OH that's what that does LOL
Very excited to be taking part. RT : Announcing who'll lead a #typeacon intensives session on blog monetization.
but at least you remembered your phone!
oh okayy :) whenever! what are you up to?
Mozilla has adopted the red panda cubs at the Knoxville Zoo to celebrate Firefox's 7th birthday and is streaming live video of them 24/7.
Nathan talked about it the whole 3 hour trip home!! Nasa made his day :)
Mr Baskin! Are you at #tedxuchicago ? The first talk I listened to was about coding. We should have a
booked a web designer! new site is go! (in a couple of weeks)
What do you want to talk about? You haven't made it easy you know.
why they like to marks on yellow folks sis?
I hope no supporters tricked into drinking tap water during his #belleview visit...
How do you all feel about mood altering prescribed medication?
#GordonMoore talking #fishing. I won a $10 bet on biggest #bonefish caught on a trip to #Palmyra with him. He paid up right away!
Fun Facts Friday! The most snowfall within 24 hours in the U.S. was 63 inches and occurred in Georgetown, Colorado on December 4, 1913.
10 teachers VS 98 kids. lol hahahahaha and the thing is, it's a jail school. right down the road from the jail. hahahah.
The Beastie Boys have never sounded sad to me, until today. The License to ill was apparently a metaphor God did not understand.
Loved Corinna Belz's documentary "Gerhard Richter Painting." Focus on materials and process and the poetics of making things.
Great course on Lynda.com for converting your book using InDesign to EPUB, Kindle, and iPad
Don't we all! RT : Today is national IPA day, so go out and enjoy a fine brew! Wish I could say it was free...
Haha, that is exactly right, only short and fat. Like the girl version of Pugsly.
Hey guys! One Thing is #2 on hot 99.5 right now!<3
Look for #FutureGun in an upcoming issue of The Villager. -JO
Tough Monday! Great lunch specials today! Stop thru and join our March Madness Bracket on ESPN while you are here!
November has arrived! Have you procured your Thanksgiving turkey yet? How about some tamales? What's your favorite Thanksgiving side item?
Congrats to Carol Tenopir, one of twelve Southeastern Conf professors selected to receive the SEC’s first ever Faculty Achievement Award.
Thank you.
Talking to you and a guy I just met. :) Hmm....you can be my new best friend lmao xD
awesome. We are really excited and will be reaching out soon with details. Look forward to meeting.
too good
Unless you were planning on staying that long,cause I was only plannin on like hour and a half like 11-1:30
listen here faggot!
sorry I had to ditch you ladies toward the end. Those guys were annoying as shit. lol
speaking of more.....when are you gonna serve us more KARMA?
I didn't like the ending of Lost, does that get me any cred?
“: *If you have time to tweet, but not to text me back, I hate you.” agreed!!!!! :)
So apparently I was texting #Oomf last night and had no recognition of it until I went through my texts this morning smh.
Blazers beating up on Spurs. Fans see it as a good beat down, but take it w/ a grain of salt. Parker & Duncan have the night off.
Cupcake Wars judge & “Sprinkles Cupcakes” owner, C. Nelson, settled a TM infrng. case against “Pink Sprinkles;” now “Pink Cupcake Shack.”
We are basically area code sisters ha!
have talked with 3 executive search firms in a month. #freshviews coming to key #RVA agencies!
undergrad? More like elementary school. I haven't heard #not used since the mid-90s. You were born then, right?
She dnt speak know Spanish.....but she call me Papi
It is Joey Votto bobblehead day! All the way from DC for my legs.
we pushing our luck for three days in a row tomor? lol
The kitchen is back and running! We'll be open today for dinner at 4pm!
- thanks Nicole -- mostly Washtenaw County groups. But look out for Fall Into Service- Detroit, Fall 2012
Thanks for the lovely tweets!
your bitch forehead like rihanna & has a hairline like Lebron
srsly! What am I supposed to do with myself??
Man, I really wish we had Vanski tonight.
Welcomes our followers. The party is gonna be great. Come help us support
nike.com/makeitcount
Pray for me.
id have to say my life is deffantly not a bore!!
Think it! See it! Hear it! Feel it. It will be yours
I'm so ready for summer! 10 more weeks until freedom!
people damn shut the hell up wit all this flashin justin crap.. it gettin anoyying it was the past so let it go...
I was thinking how awesome it would be if you had s app! ;)
: Has anybody at the Post Biz calculated what the cost of productivity loss has been in Denver this week due to sports stories?
Revamped website. www.imaginarytalent.net :D
Sen Paul Pinsky: We had headlines for air pollution. It's now time for Maryland to be in the forefront with offshore wind. Go wind power!
Noone has ever succeeded in April fooling until today. He's probably gonna break up with me but it was SO GOOD.
😂 You're disgusting.
Weather is on point today.
I just want one day where I'm not tired.
Prayers to you and your family..((hugs)) xoxo
GangstaPlaya143 RT : what's your aim??
The prettiest dresses are worn to be taken off
Proclamation presented to Ken Boothe
Just got my hands on a copy of April Bloomfield's () A Girl and Her Pig. First recipe to try: chopped chicken livers on toast.
I found it a bit thick for cookie dunking and ended to watering it down... but coffee? Let me know how it goes.
you should! It's pretty juicy;) and yes, eva longoria is in it. But she's mine so, back off!;)
And there is your dagger..(too early?)
Welcome to Hollister , would you like a gasmask, earplugs, or a flashlight?
laundry day is fuckin #annoying. that is all.
Thanks for the checking me out, dont forget to visit kewlaire.com
Ironically, Packers fans are probably thrilled that Aaron Rodgers lost to Calvin Johnson in the Madden '13 cover vote.
“: News Alert: Designer Betsey Johnson files for chapter 11 bankruptcy; most stores to close.”
Injustice can be removed, but human differences and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Planning a Friday night outing for a girl who's just turned 21. What would be your suggestions for a night out?
Thanks , , & 4 all the hard work! Missed anyone? Hope to do it again!
beez in the trap c;
which school has that sign posted?
Sleep is good.
Share lots of content!Shelf life of #sm link is 3 hours... You don't want to drink milk that's been sitting out that long, do you?
iiop x el y el x otra! u.u
You guys blow me away all the time, with the rawness yet slick,polished magical musical harmonies
Lil, check out our service, then the Romance will come to you literally. :)
Today's panels interesting. Re: library e-reader lending: desired by patrons, but have to tell Amz & B&N that we have institutional pricing.
Let your people work from home, the increased productivity will amaze you. I allow my team a wide berth in this regard -...
my brain is on creativity overload from my stroll around #Makerfaire Detroit. I have a huge urge to make another art car ASAP.
just make sure he takes care of you and treat you like the princess you are :-)
caught ur set at north coast and it was rad! Come to in De-trois and play for us!
I really should just save california chicken cafe's number in my phone considering I order food from there at least twice a week...
no la suya
What do you do when someone stops loving you? Well, you cry a little and then you wait for the sun to come out. It always does.
Who is staying in South Florida for Thanksgiving? We'd love to hear about your plans around the area!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great New Year!
thanks for checking it out -- we are having great fun playing together....
so when are we going to
CANT wait until i get my hard copy of PF: RR tomorrow !!!!
Thanks to & for a great #sbchat - disappointed haven't been avail to participate lately...still read-up. Thanks guys!
Yoou never really can fix a heart ....
Congrats to the newest pitcher Guillermo Moscoso! Looking forward to seeing you against LA, SD, and of course the Nats!
Breaking News: George Zimmerman's lawyer is about to go LIVE with a press conference. LIVE feed from CNN Mobile App.
That is where a ps2 game tester would come in to solve problems
I'M DOING FINE THANKS 4 ASKIN, except this girl is really annoying... If you know what I'm talking about
My love of football and the Chargers started with Junior Seau. Legendary S. Californian, LB and sack celebrator! Tragic end to his life.
Did you like it in Spanish? ;)
TURKEY DRAG!!! WHO IS READY FOR THIS WEEKEND! ALREADY GOING DOWN,GETTING PUMPED UP!!
Any chance you will be open by Sunday? Will be passing through right at lunch. Can't miss a BBP burger & shake op!
why did it have to be snakes?!
Taco tuesday???? Anyone down
yo why are we looking so good here?
KLUSOZ WILL BE IN CRUNK MODE ONCE AGAIN TONIGHT!!! GET THERE EARLY TO GET THOSE $3 DRINKS!!! WE LIKE TO PARTY!!!
yeah! call me w time + place
O what color?
iPhone changed "affect" to "AFC."
Best feeling ever: having makeup that matches my skin perfectly. Except now I'm not allowed to get paler, I'm already MAC's lightest shade..
thanks, Chrissy! I'll look at them online.
Great improvements on deck for #gbif; will soon no longer be limited to harvesting just 27 fields of DwC! Awesome.
i've fallen somehow, feet off the ground.
12 hour shift. Exhausted. Home for now, then out to visit a good friend that I've missed since she left.
Blake Griffin, you make me believe I can fly. Take me to #LobCity!
I may have gawked at Rooney Mara and Charlize Theron a little too much tonight...and Larry David in a non-sexual way.
Wishing I could get tickets to Austin's NYC Concert & Meet him.. But .., I live in Florida -__- -Ally
Hey great idea. Adding #fulbright social media brain trust to the discussion and
Be sure to join us and OISS this Wednesday for another international coffee afternoon! Treats from around the world
Nothing like late night Jack in the Box with
time to fess up
People just called my best friend #jordan an m&m
what should I do when NextBus says it's going one place and the bus says something different? This happens regularly on the D lines.
thanks pal!!! also follow - they're THE place for hip hop and news!!
Does the guy know the temp? (I'm planning to wear a shorty cuz it helps me float!)
Playing catch phrase down santa Monica blvd!
I cannot wait for freshman year to be over.
Thanks for the RT!
You know you're ghetto when you wash paper plates
I love how even though Austin didn't have a lot of time he still did an Austream for us:)<3
Everytime I see people talk about EDC, especially people I haven't seen in a while, I get hella excited. What a fuckin reunion it will be :)
And Cotton Eye Joe guy once again gets the loudest reception of the night from the CONSOL Energy Center faithful.
What's the plan?! You guys have anything wild and crazy going on tonight or tomorrow?! I'm fired up!!
needs a .net apps developer - Central NJ and front-end java developers and web developers in NYC.
Back at the #140Cuse Conference about to hear from
you better watch out is quoting your tweets in church #tweettweet 😁👍📱⛪
Book discussion on "Enrique's Journey" TONIGHT at College Library, Room 1193, from 7-8pm. Stop by before Sonia Nazario's visit on 10/27.
- Not again! Why don't you just get your own network like Oprah?
While we're on the subject, how about we alleviate the federal court system crisis with some Judicial appointments?
watching without a trace... kendall schmidt is a guest star and it is the best episode i have seen...well, the only episode i've seen :)
Depends on the position, but it usually takes me a couple of hours to a day. I try to keep my resume up-to-date, though.
Rainy day in the northeast, perfect to spend in the lab formulating....new products soon so stay tune!
I think the Jason Kidd/Terry eras will conclude in #Dallas after #OKC wins Game 4 and completes the sweep. #Mavs need new blood
I mean, its a space shuttle launching space marines to have a laser gun fight in space. AWESOME.
Good Morning. :)
We will make your pants feel weird.
FREE HUG!! You've just been cyber-hugged! Pay it forward!!
Thank you. Last regular season home series. Hard to believe!
Thanks for the Tweet!!!
Secretly....I'm done working for the day!
#20ThingsAboutMe; 16. Favorite color is Purple.
30 minutes away from at 5! Join &
These idiots at that hotel, how the hell you not gon see what I see on your own damn site
I have 17 followers and I'm currently following 179 people...is that sad?
😂😂😂😂🙌🙌 told you lmfao we need each other for strength! Who else could understand us!
Plays like that are why people say the NFL is rigged.
Just noticed I sent out a talk announcement last week dated May 20. I think that makes it clear I've had enough of this semester already.
I ain't goin home tonight
Agreed! Travel safe R! Best wishes to you in your new city!
lol good :P
Loading! Please wait
I'm so bored . I actually have to do my work today ;/
everything's gonna be alright <3
Can't ever remember a worse Monday night game than last night's!
Cus I'm inlovee love story
this nigga having a fight party. I don't even think I was invited lol
I got a 69 on the chem test....
Day 2 at the Heckerling Institute on Estate Planning. Great lectures on what we might expect in 2013 and beyond.
but now am back again and following. the end.
We are so excited for this year's Alphabet Affair! Tell us about your "N" costume ideas!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?
Just ordered my "Keeping it Clean" #Braun shirt from . Looking forward to wearing it Opening Day!
“: Don't take it personally; I unfollowed your blog because it's awful, not because you're awful.” so true...
I need a follow from an EPL Legend!
IKR love u too
if anyone needs a smog check up do not hesitate to give us a call at (951) 247-0557 we are glad to help out
thx for Rollin in. I think you all missed last night. He's such a slacker :)
what show?!?
New Music IDs are ready to roll on
Jerome finally made his way up here to c Jake
I need days of doin NOTHING, Peace & quiet. Many writers need that quiet alone time. Hung wt an author once & we rarely spoke, jus chilled.
5k in approx. 35 min. 3 supplies collected. Two zombie hoards outrun.
IM SO EXCITED!!!
The AT&T U-Verse labels are all messed up for NBA League Pass tonight. Glad I finally found #NOatNY. These Hornets jerseys are sweet!
I signed up for PSSC's Kickball League. I will be able to use my high school soccer skills more effectively than I could in dodgeball.
Wow! You'll be able to move all your family possessions in a Kia. I'm calling you, when I need to consolidate.
i no, i was talking bout this muslum guy next to me....
#oomff mom always call me her son in law lol even tho we never dated
Death Row is possibly in the motherfuckin house!!!
>>> Thunder is scarin' my puppy.(:
My 3 y/o tells me the jack-in-the-box won't work when I try it. Why? "I put a password on it." Brave new world.
A lot of baby boomers are baby bongers.
THIS PLACE ABOUT TO BLOW.
Free from stress, free from peer pressure&bullies! Great point! RT : ⋰҉☀҉⋰Freedom: Free Teens Know How to Make Good Choices
I stopped listening to mainstream media. The truth isn't there. You have to go out of country or alternative media to get the real info
hehe. yeah, never know what cats will say. I think this stuff is really fun, so sometimes I get a little excited :)
So I'm in the car wid my big brutha and my chest is moving with bass in his car !
thanks for the lecture, super fascinating stuff. the next #miku show i'm there.
": Sex aint better than Love" hell yea girl!! Sex is love ;-)
It looks fantastic! Well done. The Who search tool is a great addition.
I neef to get a new phone
show me where I claimed to be a Grammy winner? Mine says nominee, and I have the paperwork to prove it.
perhaps there's a corresponding Naturalist position. ;-)
"Look, haircuts for only $5.95!" "Yeah, they probably only have Mexican looking haircuts."
Congratulations to the #Cinequest folks for another great festival.
I am not a huge fan of him but he did good. Juliet killed it though.
I won't Brooke because I could care less lol I'll turn in the final draft and get a decent score and take my C lol
Will Smith - Summertime
Too hot for a swimsuit even!
thanks for the follow. Music is life.
Thank you for the mentions and RTs! Grateful for your ongoing support!
Prevent and reduce age spots by using a lotion containing grape-seed extract or vitamins C and E. Any other suggestions?
we did. Missed our west coast fam tho... Maybe next year well b out there?
Extra innings on the way as Navarro and San Jacinto are tied at 6
I can't believe you guys switched to Pepsi!
i dont have to reveal my body parts to be liked,i believe that in order to see my goods u better do something 2 deserve it.
I love what I do being on set and making magic.
I can't wait to see you at warped tour ♥
No wonder vets are suffering all they do is sit on their ass and do nothing.
Back in MKE man does it feel good? nothing can beat the age old Flannery's
no its not lol
always liked Doug West from my days in St. Cloud.
no prob :D
You're a #faggot if you're awake and not texting me
Happy Birthday Dog!! Have a great day! I love my Panda Daddy and want him to know how sorry I am. I love you forever!!
Chris Paul knocks down his first FG. It only takes one shot to get you going.
thanks girl! Sexy sexy in ur avi hunh? Lol when r we partying again?
you are #1 4 more winners...reply with #3528Chestnut to win $5 YOURS gift certificate
Talking developmental ed in the land of Tebow - Sante Fe College in Gainesville, FL
Neato! I myself don't play it but certain other members of the crew love it. Our XBL gamertag is NewBtv. See ya on there!
you ever get sick of being a tool or does it just come naturally for you?
Happy birthday !!!
RT : Any1 in ATL ever been hit by a car bike riding or driving & hit a biker? Should we share the Rd?
bob rathburn an dominique commentary has noticable added playoff intensity. Its tight that fox airs local an they get to do a playoff game.
There is no God!
Second prize is who won a 1 hour Swedish massage! Congrats!
My dad's response when asked his ideal job: "Monkey trainer. Or cage fighter."
My bestfriend is taking care of me because I dont feel good <3
Just when I'm expecting word on my Pulitzer for fiction, Gmail goes down...
Playin xbox with Chase's dumb ass and cody
#Dancing4thecure Just in! One of the top choreographers from LA Mr. Brandon Henschel will be teaching for "Dancing 4the Cure" on Sat Oct16th
Are you referring to the Cielo Vista South ES? It will open in 2014. Boundaries are approved the year before a school opens.
we cannot wait for this event and are thankful to be part of it! See you on May 5th! Mamas Network scores!!!!!
Pagonis-ed. Totally random incursion!
Oh, I would love that! Alison Perkins and Heather could compare notes.
Trader Joe's! 8th & Color. 10 mins from my office at the old Annie's location. & across the street from my favorite lunch spot, Swing Thai.
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 19
Editing in the airport lol. Hey inspiration comes at the weirdest times.
#scms12 Doane: a. garde's pursuit of innovation brings it dangerously close to the logic of capital
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's literally a crime in Texas to suspect child abuse or neglect and NOT call Child Protective Services.
Im not gonna date any more guys until I graduate Highschool. They're stupid
The real question is which do you think is better?
FACT: the new iPhone will contain a REAL human eye.
Only God can judge though, its just my opinion..
I didn't win a dime haha and I was pretty toast but it was too hot and I wasn't gonna pay $8 a beer once inside the track
one of the best chef's in the country!
Getting ready for Vocal session with Vanelis.
Hi Sandi! We launch a new website soon and invite you to join it as well if you want! ;)
RT : Who is ready for a great tasting this Sat! Kettle One Vodka! Come by from 3-6 pm
Look for counter-attacks from al-Qaeda factions. They'll want to show they're still a force and bin-Laden will attain heroic martyr status.
What would you like to see happen in Game Night Season 3?
WTF happened to Firefox? It's getting worse with each release. Full of quirky behaviors. Does it want to be the new IE6?
Headed to Brews & Bites in Who's comin!?
Back to discipline! Move more, eat less.
I am going to try this....
lets go austin dillion, elliott sadler, danica patrick i don't mind tony stewart but he can push austin or sadler to win :) 6 win is enough
Yea, they really didn't plan that at all did they? I ran the WarriorDash a couple yrs ago. Tons of fun. Muddy Buddy this yr! :)
nuffin. Sup wit u?
I almost got 400 followers, but i am follwing 1023 people,? thats ok i suppose?
RT : "If you want to improve how you manage time - stop doing what doesn't need to be done!" Peter Drucker
This week, Lawrence Berry the homeless artist, became the first graduate of the Homeless Coach program!
What's going on San Francisco? Good to be back.
Lazy morning, then heading up to #dmac2010! Wish the sun were shining; maybe it will be in cbus...
NBC is giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony more money again, why is this Network keep doing this?, so NBC supports Child Murderers now?
#1DVDforme because its the ONE THING I need! <3 :)
It's funny, we have a title for our second album (the one about the Civil War we're writing now) but no title yet for the first album!
City Paper Tweet up- learning what a tweet up is.
Omg how I miss you all who tweeted me before : '[
ma'am!
the dance fight we had in those dudes' garage at that party that one time was some next level shit, dude.
Killing educational programs will not fix pa's budget: Please call 1866 346 7655. Select option 4 and then hit #. My job depends on it.
Photoshop Tip: Cycle between tool variations by using shift+selector key, e.g. shift+m will move between a circle and square selector tools
Watching Clash of the Titans and all I hear from Hades(Ralph Fiennes) is Voldemort!
barbosa is taking over!
you drunk bastard
(2/2) Also, if JavaScript were a man and not an inanimate programming language, it'd be getting a swift kick to the groin right now.
I suppose I have to shut down my Internet until after 30 Rock airs on the west coast. Dirtbags.
mhmmmm...excuses excuses ;)
i think you do.
Sweet lady would you be my sweet love for a lifetime
Awesome, you're entered to win!
Go go power rangers
Finished rhinestoning some costumes....Allegro's summer tour is going to be bright!
So True. It's hard to take a "heated Twitter debate" seriously when both sides are probably in their underwear.
United, American match Delta fare hike - Chicago Tribune
It doesn't matter if you try and try and try again, and fail. It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again. - Charles Kettering
You are going to do great, just think of it as one step closer to being able to work out again.
what snacks are we lookin at on the boat?
Listening to 11:11 I LOVE IT SO MUCH IM A BIG FLUFFIN MAHOMIE!!!
RETWEET: If You Miss Somebody In HEAVEN <3” ( R.I.P to the ones that was Lost)
1st Table Read tomorrow!!! Yes, the ball has started rolling!!!
the girls in this town need major reality checks.
I'm a little delayed, but I was impressed with the roar of the crowd when Davis came to the plate.
Geez these whistles are crazy
probably should try Apple, but I doubt they would consider this...
We feel fortunate 2 have such a gr8 leader and hopeless optimist as part of our #MKESucceeds partnership!
Thank you 4 compliment re: #Beertown nom at HHA. Stay tuned 2 ur email in next day or w 4 news about its future.
Unpacking and finding so many iphone cases but no iphone
On the Digital Divide: People tout free ebook access (no overdue fees, etc.) - what about the tech needed to read them?
Jeremiah 7:6-7 "if you do not oppress the alien, the fatherless or the widow...then I will let you live in this place,...for ever and ever."
Have I really been watching something called "The Greek Program" on Boston local access for 30 minutes?
don't sweat it Corey's got you
#AmericanIdol fans--who is teaching you English? _____ should have GONE home, not "went" home. Each Idol exit will hurt from now on.
Rum punch-mount gay rum-grilled fish rice and peas and grilled white sweet potato....my parents rubbing it in live from Barbados! Ughh!
PIZZA for the whole office!!!
Doing good Chris - thanks for the follow!
On my way to #qportland. Yay for being an intern.
I wanna go to Neon Desert
Stats final, I got thiss. 💁
Nothing against Chris, because I do Like the young man. But really? BEST R&B ALBUM??? R&b? As in rhythm and blues???
Dead reckoning is not beyond human capacity. Pay attention.
yeah ok lol... U must wanna be on punishment... No cartoons
#therles on this beach, surfs up!
my professor uploaded his lecture at 32kbps. I can't understand a word.
o wow sryy i didnt see where u put russia lol :)
Just listening to Bieber's new jam Boyfriend....woot woot.
Ideas come and go, but those that you hold on to are the ones that become successfull
Do they still do Legs and Eggs at The Foxy Lady?
audition time again today!!
really 3 of 5 that's amazing
sweet! good luck with the launch!
The best damn thing: Love you.
It's Thursday but then again... It's only Thursday...
DAMN YOU GROUP PROJECTS!!!👊😞
I hate purple, that's all. I guess it will depend on the cut. I am liking the thought of silver!
Yanking Leno from 10 PM will be the best stimulus investment package for Hollywood this year - will put a lot of people back to work.
Today's tip: if you're going to make coffee, be sure to load the machine with grounds. Otherwise, it may be a little weak...
Niggas is boring texters now in days.
Its the fuckn weekend finally but man i wish i was in Georgia right now 😒
Just can across your blog and twitter. You are obviously full of energy. Have you downloaded the free GolfWashington app yet?
Nobody wants you, everyone left You. They're all out without you, having fun.
Why are so many people insistent to know who we are? Doesn't that take the fun out of it?
where you hanging out at tonight bro? Huge UK fan! Would love to get my son an autograph.
I want a Boyfriend that spoils me with out me even asking for somet
Im ready for my daily dose of sunchips HOLLA.
and jitt!? you the jitt im older than you!
The things I hear at the shop while getting my hair done are a trip.....
Simpler times: When movies had a talking dog named Falkor, a rock-eater, a racing snail, and a hot-ass child-like-princess
Perfect pairing RT : PAIN 100% Bottle looks like a flask and I'm a hot sauceholic. Coincidence?
I know people were mad. The rules need to explicitly state "spayed or neutered" if that's required.
Feels good to be alive!
This Woman Will Be The Next CEO Of IBM (IBM) via
Thanks for the follow Bros!
I love history👌🇺🇸
#5. no. i never will
well it is pretty much the best soup and soup is also my favorite food.
thanks for everything Kevin!
Cher has accepted Chaz Bono's transsexual status - but what about his weight problem?
Old lady lol
I got passing tests out the wazoo. Talk about feedback. Forget you , gives me the feedback I crave :)
Thank you Tyra! You're an amazing #teamtallgirl. Love you!
How the fuck can anyone stand watching the red carpet? I think America has officially ran out of problems when we glorify rich fucks.
Great job Ray. Not putting up with Bee-Rad's crap any longer.
Hey Coach, sadly won't make class today :( Got a ton of dental work and now I can't eat = zero energy to exercise. So frustrating!
*leaves room, going down to kitchen. Pulling sweater tight around me. * hello? Is.....anyone here?
Do you really see yourself...I mean REALLY see yourself. When is the last time you had an epiphany about WHY you are who you are?
MT : Just saw the space shuttle Discovery fly by! I love #DC!!
That is awesome!! Babies are great but a lot of work too :-) I have two boys... They are freakin crazy!
....it's not easy when U R not 'geographically accessible' I will keep on, I know it can b done.
glad I'm the person people decide to drunk text. we have the best conversations lol
Soundscape of #dml2012: waves of keystrokes structured by tweet deck chirps, punctuated by iPhone morse code text alarms.
is the Incredible Hulk of the Archives Justice League
Put ur thumb in ur butt now.....and stop texting .....ur weird i dont even know u....
Stream with us! We are the REAL mobile streaming providers! No other company can deliver in 1-step! Contact us to learn the FACTS!
hey Auntie how your day been?? I have a important question can you DM me pretty please :)
Spoiled rotten with a/c all summer. Visiting family without. Makes even grading a sweaty mess...
Feeling incredibly overjoyed at this new buzz cut. A shaved head is a happy head.
I understand times are hard which is why I decided to include special prices for College Students for Virus Removal, Data Recovery,...
Looking 4 sign wavers 4 a promo in North Highlands, CA (just 10 miles north of Sacramento) on March 5th-6th. Contact .
lol scream isn't suppose to be scary, it's suppose to be Funny :)
oh, wow... That's gorgeous.
I like to chase after my women (ಠ_ಠ) lmao
Anyone have an Avant Guild login over at Media Bistro? Mine expired and there's an article I'd like to read.
i meant more like i dont understand why he could have ever had a diffrent opinion (or how anyone could)
Am I a robot? Yes, affirmative. 0111001001101111011000100110111100100000011000100110111101101111011001110110100101100101
I voted
We know the feeling all too well... Immediately after waking up I was ready for a nap. Glad you had fun. Thanks for making it out!
“: I've been everywhere looking for someone.” same here
Scotland Is Trying To Raise $80 Million To Stop A Famous Painting From Being Sold Abroad via
Tweet damnit...tweet!
Fondly remembering Super Bowl XLII today. Hey remember when tried to riot when the Pats lost?
Your so mean to me :'( I hate that!!! We can never talk cuz you have to say something that hurts me! :( </3
dude, that Anthony Evans can saaaaannnng! Wow, thanks for the knowledge!
Thanks for the love!
Outside Exeunt towers the bailiffs circle like sharks, while N scrawls the slogan “graduate sans futures” onto a value tin of tuna.
FYI - Summerfest is 67 days away.
- thanks so much for following!
“: #Homeopathy does not need science.” - That makes no sense..
hi niall! how are you? i bought up all night and i'm loving it so much :) xx
I'll make suggestions but - what do you usually keep in the fridge?
Louis Vermeil~ The prime purpose of eloquence is to keep other people from talking.
Just got an instant upgrade to the VIP suite at Big Dance
Fuck you Carissa. I sweat balls on your bed.
i mean i thought you asked me if i was high and i was like wtf why would a random person ask me that haha its fine dont trip
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Gary Williams' recruiting classes
Welcome Dr. Kanyoro. We are thrilled to have your leadership in Women's Funds!
We'll be adding a download to Kindle, iPod and phone feature to ReadPrint.com soon. Until then the online library's open :)
Cool, have fun!
aww i miss talking to you too!
Those flavors make me think of something else, aww. :D LOL! : m making me think of ice cream with those flavors
Gonna watch a scary movie with and
Yep, trash can with a lid. If you fold up the diaper within itself &velcro it up tight, it won't be too vile.
Hate stuck up people, everyone's equal. Get the fuck over yourself's.
When you're not working, let go of your work completely and enjoy your personal time.
Honestly. I'm glad the Rock won.
Officially submitted the first Zimbo Film "The Little White Bird" to the Four Walls Film Festival presentation of Women in Shorts in LA.
omg thats so sad follow? reply?
Bahaha. Oh you have a new handle. Me gusta. Slash I always picture Snow White now. Lol
The only "B" word a woman should be called, is beautiful. Bitches love being called beautiful.
I love That Song ♫❤
*ice* Or a side of OJ. Maybe some cran. Depends what night of the week it is! <cirocpeach>
Ping me if you want some reviews :)
Now you're just somebody that I used to know 🎧🎤
big good luck cheers!!!
Stop by The Echo before the #Badgers vs. #Hoosiers game at the Kohl Center. We have $.75 off of all drinks til 8 & $1 tacos for you tonight!
#ogw Need convo here on standardized data structures across jurisdictations, a la Google transit.
I won't disagree with you, but I believe most people are judging it as a cinematic masterpiece. Give them 2 votes, then what?
Just getting on the sticks now. 2nd set coming up! Hour of #drinkspecials left #herbiehancock #watermelonman coming up too!
#politicsnation is mnsbc off the air?
aint heard from u in a while
Hear what OR labor comissioner running for congress Brad Avakian is saying about paying taxes way late. what it may mean for his run. At 6.
Thanks and for following!
I haven't gone on mw3 yet today
. Rudy doesn't know that Rudy isn't the Mayor anymore.
Thankful the Temps can sing; their costumes are an assault to the eyes. Yuk.
I'm shocked--the Bush-era generals Obama decided to keep around for 3 years don't want to end the war. Perhaps that has been the problem.
Ya'll boys keep grindin'! Hit me up for the collabo!
it looks like is obsessed with you! You ever see the movie "The Crush"? Ca-razy
All the time.my moms like.oh this has less calories.oh thats some exercise.STUPID BITCH I DONT FUCKING CARE SHUT UP.
Though you said I could be your answer, nothing lasts forever,no matter how it feels today
WELL YOU ARE A SEXUAL....DUH
Just took out my keys to swipe at the metrocard turnstile.
MT : Year of the (Young) Woman: How a generational shift in feminism is setting the agenda for American women...
yuh mad bro?
please follow she is a belieber!!! and is super nice!!! <3
gotta look with your eyes life seems fine but look twice its a LIE what happened life isn't the same... My opinion :'(
Wondering what today a bring
Girls Scouts celebrate 100 years of sisterhood
Kathy Nickolaus has to figure out how many votes she needs before she reports Waukesha County numbers
What's that old Dr. Seuss saying? "Because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind"?
Excited to try and win some Opening Day tickets this afternoon from
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody
well in the mood to workout, so ya.
My old garage band had a song called "Signal 30."
OMG I tried befor didnt work, but its not like I dont like her song. so.
TY! have a joyful weekend! :)
i'll take them
It's so nice! My rooms covered with posters of you(;
arugula salad with avocado
i just spit water all over my screen Kathy hahaha xxo
Thanks Rob - Sounds cool! :) Pls email us at and let's chat if you're interested in getting involved!
Ha! I'm actually going to WS ES at 7am now. I'll swing by Everyday after. Will you guys have Flaming Lips, Gorillaz or DFA79?
Justice for MJ.. The family and fans have been waiting for this for a long time. Conrad you are going to pay for the pain you have caused.
Oh it's on now Mike! SI wont give up the mayorship of my local Pho place without a fight till the death ;)
#foursquare As I've seen it used, mostly 2), but could be 1) if done right and 3) if really overdone
I'm in BEAST MODE this morning (as are the Brewers and Packers)!
ha,ha...MuchoImportamte indeed"
Have a great weekend.And Happy Mothers Day to all moms.
No, it doesn't. It's funny that they are both out at the same time.
#MarryTheNight on the radio as i tweet :D
I wish I could have your hair!
you're pretty awesome yourself man
s/o to all my new followers, i fucks with yall.support this #TeamTGuy movement and rock witcha boy!
Happy Monday! How are you all? Did you fit #SUBWAY in to your weekend at all?
Don't hold your breath. 'Cause tonight will be the night that I will fall for you, over again.
Really intrigued by lazy consensus post. Thinking about it for practice and also development of projects here at BGC
wow really? i defended u at skol so u shud follow me that is so stupid :P
would love to speak with you about potential features via our networks. email me at
What is everyone up to today?
fuck ya both
...why don't cable companies make better ad campaigns...
the best part about retweeting me are all the people that start talking shit to me, hahaha.
Protect your happiness. Protect your peace. 😊✌
storm king/mockingbird/lady beast at the rockroom in polish hill right now.
Lady Gaga has outdone herself YET AGAIN with the "Telephone" video!!! OMG it's incredible!!!
TOMORROW! Lots to be done between now and then.
no guilt, whatsoever!
Had fun on my birthday yesterday
please follow me cathy!<33
#LookAtMeNow oh Look at me now Im getting paper.(:
Want better quality answers? Then ask better quality questions!
99% Invisible for sure
Who? RT : Quell and her aunt too geeked up over here lol
Adam I miss you too!
Amazing Lutyens interiors at Marshcourt given new life by !
Leadership is about relationships - your relationship with yourself, and learning to move forward in a conscious relationship with others.
Wow the Ravens were pounded!
I forgot he follows me on twitter now blahahaha
you don't got ta lie
hope so! We should talk soon!
What the fuck is YOLO!? And can I smoke it?
Doing a meet after not running for a week is torture
Finally have an Avid gig. It's a night AE job, but it'll give me a chance to brush up on media composer.
Thanks for following, Brian.
Top Christmas tree producers are California, Oregon, Michigan, Washington, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter
we live in an equal society so yes. And that does'nt mean just in the bedroom either.
must be nice!!
Jason Yurcic-- slam is starting to be coopted by capitalism and thus watered down, taken away from the "back alley warrior,
I hope people will have kindness in their heart and come out to see us wed. The 22nd at Comet Tavern. It's our first show with new drummer!
Crawford and Mike Smith are putting on a goaltending clinic.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. - George Carlin
Going to a hokey game tomorrow :)
Education spending should be the LAST thing on the cutting block. Churches are afraid of schools stealing their community power.
I think about you and roll my eyes.
I tried posting a review a day ago...I will put one up though. Look forward to reading more of your work...
ANHC Pro meet with a tax expert on Aug 29 to discuss salon, stylist, and barber tax issues. What tax questions or issues do you have?
Good morning Los Angeles:)
it is! He is well fed and oh so sleepy :) xoxo
Thanks! Yeah, I can't sleep without a fan when it's this hot
#FF Thanks for the
Finally sat down to read your "Taking chances." Lovely!
K CUTE
‎30% OFF OF CLASSES WITH A FREE 18 FOUNDATION PALLET AND 8 PIECE BLUSH SET! PLEASE CONTACT THE STUDIO AT 248-477-5548
We are one world. And our home, is Earth. Get it through your thick skull.
may have the best man cave I have ever seen. Six TV's? Well played sir.
The first sight I see as I walk onto the backside...a horse having its ”loins” washed. It truly is their world here.
Nice...why not 700?
Another VOLLEYBALL GAME on saturday!!! Yay ! ! ! :)
Wish me luck. This coming week is going to be a real challenge
Mindstate of a winner
#Oomf So Called Wants To Mess With Me But Never Calls Me
The amazing thing about working in staffing is knowing that every move you make is for the good of someone else's career.
Tomorrow is the big day. We're super excited so many of you are coming. It's looking like a great day! See you at
I'm sick of the universe telling me what to do! Yes, I asked for a sign on what to do, but 3 signs in the last 2 days? What??
Crack!! Or, they may as well be. Those, and Pringles.
Lunchtime..chatting w/3 diff ppl. Thank God I can type fast. Prob is..one of them is Japanese..can't translate that fast
BAHAHA! RT In 13 States, Trump and Romney shaking hands breaks sodomy laws. You know, where pricks can't touch assholes.
Be optimistic. Have faith & trust in God, & speak positive things over your life. Confess your success and God will bless you...
What EE version?
Way better. I know time is the ultimate leveling field. But god damn - shit is amazing. People are amazing. And I get to know that.
I hope so, since I am a Dallas Fan..lol
Did I really fuck up by not getting the foams? Def had a chance to cop for retail.. Passed.. Should u shoot myself ?
Knock Knock. Who's there! Boo! Boo who? Just Boo! I'm a ghost!
of course. cuz no one cares.
you will love Adam in Florida's new not thriller novel "Python" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
thank you for helping to #EndChildSexualAbuse! You're a true leader!
I admit that the exchange made me feel silly about being frustrated about so many little things. Thank you wise NYC sidewalk dancer!
Great topic choice! Even technologists don't understand the value of
oh it means I whore myself out to do infosec work - too scrawny for that full contact stuff.
Disappointed with my Heritage box, only 1 refractor, 1 jersey (Zimmerman) and only 3 Brewers cards!! Nice looking set though
one ? asked for what kind of content, I suggested livestreams, maybe interviews on vimeo (a la #caasoton)
I am playing WWE '12, I completely forgot how addicting those games can be!
Here's to the week ahead everyone!! Lots to get done!!
Watching the original #Frankenstein with my daughter. Gotta love October!
Integrating is such a pleasure.
This was a frustrating day for me.
On a positive note - we pulled the trigger and booked our trip. We're going to #Disney World!
rawwrrrrr...you have no idea!!!
F YOU TOO !
#Kevenge fever sweeping America. Talked about it in the clinic today.
*TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 5 INSTANT TANS for $69 or 10 for $125! Buy a 5-pack of UV-TANS and get 2 FREE! ALL MEMBERSHIPS on sale too!
Want to know how to build a relationship with your Member of Congress? Join for "Advocacy 101" going on now.
I Am What I Am and that is being a Belieber, Directioner, Selenator, Lovatic, Mahomie, and Walien. Forever and Always <3
Thank You So Much Love<3 And When The yAre On the Showe We Know We Made It Possible<3
Damn that instantly put me in a bad mood.
That WISC-IV story made me laugh aloud! Hilarious!
My baby knocked out beside me sleeping beauty .....
Hi Miss ya!
Awesome night at #Badgers season-ending party. Great to see all the supporters and hear from Matt Lepay, Coach Ryan, Jordan Taylor, etc.
thank you. Had a big day for us yesterday thanks to it.
lets go #Yankees! So proud to be a Yankees fan!
did a fret say her team aguh lose
Because Les Mis is one of my favorite things ever and a it's a movie now. One day I'll post videos of me *in* Les Mis. Yikes!
: The one on the left is an SG. What about the one on the right?
One thing I really hate is people being fake!
immediately : How soon after a good date should you ask for another one?
Got to skip this morning and go to breakfast with my daddy. <3
So depressing looking outside and not seeing the sun. BLAh
I would be curious to see Lyon's quote/citation from Burke about this alleged end game. Will ask her about that at dinner.
Our Dermalogica AgeSmart facial treatment is half off until March! Visit our salon & get glowing!
that may call for a spotify playlist...
#AskRomney Does anybody call you by your real first name - Willard? Would you answer if they did?
And Pedro were together.. Quit talking about me I'm done with this but u can keep tweeting about me all night I won't lose any sleep
New hats are in!!! Feels good to have so many new designs!
Call me Imelda! No longer need to rely on wife's DSW coupons. They are sending me my own!
hooray for un-requested paper extension! My Wednesday night was just un-ruined!
Crazy tech.
Been up for more than 24 hrs, I need a bed, any bed, preferably a woman's.
Desperate Housewives is over. It's really over omg :'( I just wanted them all to live there forever okay
Not all scars show. Not all wounds heal. Sometimes, you can't always see the pain someone feels.
That's the spirit! All of the spring and summer styles are so wonderful we just can't wait to wear them!
Ooh, and nice icon ^-^ applejacks stays for me.... :)
That was awesome
you should check out ? At the very least watch their “commercial”, made by the indomitable, though lonely, Sandwich.
Wow, that was embarrassing. Our sign-up page was down for the last 18 hours. If you tried to sign up and it failed, try again! dev
A Malaysian woman saved her husband from being MAULED by a tiger by beating it with a soup SPOON
Finished my Color Theory Class! Final grade is a B+! #BANG!
The world can't end tomorrow. I don't want the world to end! The articles make it looks so real. I hope it's not real.
nun coolin it waiting on some action
Captain America slinged the hell outta that shield!!!
Well the cubs won but Wrigley was really cool. Time for Rammstein!
Bracckin HaLf whats wrong with Nick ??
hii Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?
We picked a pretty great #Brewers game for our first of the season!
snowmaggedon? i love it when nature puts a bitchslap on humans and modern living...who's the El Jeffe???
I kept waiting for a hula version of Bad Romance, but alas, it never came.
love ya buddy. if we dont die in this zombie apocalypse, i hope to see ya again soon! xo
NAME THE LYRICS: if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke I'd never have no motherfuckin indo to smoke
Never criticize each other in front of your kids. Kiss and hug instead. They might say its disgusting. Ignore it.
Aight good luck...hit me later RT : Ok. 2 hour nap. Adderall. Study. Exam.
Thanks Beth, we agree, if you make it, you know what is in it
Preparing for a show. So many things to remember. Anything I may have forgotten? Anyone have a list? I would love to compare. Thanks:)
Ah...Finally the rainy season in Florida has begun. Apparently my plants need water to survive.
Today is the last day to tell us how #ABQuirky you are! Just Tweet and #ABQuirky for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card!
Glad they slowed down for a minute! : If the presses ever stop running we'll see you there!
Spending this sunday with family n people that luv me n glad to be feeling better this is new for me but God has a plan have a blessed day
no need to responsibility in me I'm ok. Do what you want to do! No one forced you!
everyone in the class has said that. Lol.
Who & what do you want to become? We leave a legacy every day of our lives, not just when we die. Are you taking the actions, everyday?
haha but don't u think he wud tell u if he was mad at us?
they are gunna be yours, deadass best looking fucking kids ...because of me
My coach told me he doesn't eat pizza. Something's definitely wrong with him
AH CANT WAIT TILL SATURDAY!!! <3
Met Director Tim Cambell is in L.A. doing a TED Talk.
That's what everyone is reporting. Gunshot to the chest.
Shoutout To My Wonderful New Followers -
Feeling is mutual.. I can't believe I am not able to come to BlogHer :( For once in a lifetime I wish I had a sponsor :)
Omg ! In summer I will got the new ipad 3 !! Yaaay :D
hey did you add any new entries in your seduction blog yet?
I Tebow before meals and bedtime, and even on Sundays. Especially on Sundays.
MT : Coming soon: , a site to collect & preserve the history of #OWS & #Occupy movements. Help us build the collection!
Blizzard conditions require drastic measures...home-made chocolate chip cookies and chicken stew
S/O to >>> You cant name another group of youngins hotter than #FYB Much Love Bros
oh haha sorry
is Beautiful(:
I know! I move away and Alabama goes to shit.
I have to work til 5:30 today. Any chance you'll be open after 6pm? Or will I need to wait until next wkend?
Mark your calendars: this Saturday, October 1, Roger will sign his memoir, Life Itself, at the Newberry Library in Chicago!
Watching these backyardigans with my son that he seems to love
