Cracking into a can soon! RT We had canned cranberry today and we LIKED IT! RT The 5 Worst Thanksgiving Dishes
Look at me! I'm a morning person! Let's work out! Get worms! Drive garbage trucks! Use exclamation points!
BLOCK! 're welcome Now we can wait for the paid LDS trolls to jump us & insist:Oh no It's not that way at all
"action expresses priorities"
sockwonkey has new friends
My poor friend ole girl look homeless in a bubble jacket n scarf like she thought NYC was the north pole or something lol
Ahaha I had a mini heart attack!
Sometimes you just gotta' stroll down the fine choclates aisle of the local CVS...
I'm a little behind on this - Word of the day: zephyr (n) Any soft, gentle wind
yes--that is huge!
Good morning! Be the change you seek in the world-Gandhi
We have to stay in here for like 30 more minutes.I'm going to die.-__-
Thanks for the LIKE Roberto!
Getting ready to roll out....
amazing. Why do World Cup referees always make themselves the center of the story? Discretion. They should try it sometime.
Randall-- one can be a victim AND a survivor simultaneously
If you're hungry you should come over. I've Been cooking since 7 am. A bunch of random "good eats"! Lol
Be the change you wish to see in the world. - Ghandi
a friendly snake, I hope?
had our show dress rehearsal last night. kc, you are in for a real treat. could be our best show yet.
well. Don't leave us hanging WHAT HAPPENED?!!
Coffee spilt in the car on the ride to work. Today is starting out kinda rough...
HARDEEHARHAR IM A STALKER LIKE THAT.
Sunday Funday! If you're 21+, come on down for happy hour drafts and wells, 5pm-midnight! And how about some pinball?
Did u know that from 6ft the pros make 50% and amateurs 40%? #according to
Eli Broad... Just discovered you on
Made me do some thinking about myself. I wonder if any of my actions of the past persuaded women to think like that...
I know you ain't a pimp, but pimp remember what i taught ya
Went with the for my iPad. I like it so far!
- got my drink watching the #hanson livestream now
Hi! Can you follow me? Its okay if you can't! Anyway keep doing what you are doing! Have fun with the guys! You Rock! Thanks!
when we die where do our closets go?
Planting veggies with your family sounds like a successful #EarthDay to us !
Nice to see you back in action. I'll be out there tomorrow.
oh my god, can't be more perfect ahahahah
Tomorrow: Phi Psi Sunday Funday fundraiser for Boys and Girls Club. Food, games, music, talent show...2PM-7PM | 220 S.7th St.
bailey and nick
get back on skype I got it back so we can talk :)
Westing: Apple has patented some gestures, but I have no idea how you could ever enforce patents on gestures
No Limit Hold'em. Hours of boredom followed by moments of sheer terror. Tom McEvoy
Door to door sales people tend not to stay as long if you answer the door nakie I just found out!
Its Efffffinngg FRIDAY! :)
The Year Of Fear Has Begun!!!!!!
West Virginia State Game!!! Throw that ball strike(:
Be sure to pick up a copy of today! 's #TheIllusion is featured in the Summer 2012 Guide!
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, make me to delclare your glad tidings today.
I Love Women But I Only Want One That I Cn Call Mine!!
James Franco is in Arlington...omg,someone take me to arlington please.
its not a fantasy, but its Phone sex
A big hello back from across the big pond!
John Carter of Mars Needs his Mom
how can we be lovers if we cant be friends
Really dig Bright Eyes... But these days I prefer the solo album. Sick batch of songs. if you like songs and dont like him u might be dumb.
Any questions about lesson rates, areas of specialty or available lesson times send an email to
Great to catch up with in Orlando. His sticker books are a big hit in my house!
Excited to travel to Charlotte tomorrow to meet with and #RCR to talk about promoting the #AdvoCare500 and
with the best song being "marshmallow world" . Just a classic.
So then all stylists are potentially rogue criminals?
you've got two days to get in the proper holiday spirit, missy
exactly. Hopefully its a good thing lol
I seriously need bar buddies
fresh new apple macbook battery... AAAAhhhhJesss.
Dan the dad is here!
And the ESPN love affair of the Yanks continue, postgame intv w Jeter longer than any highlight they showed tonite-no joke
old women of the united states: you are NOT allowed to be braless and wear a white wife-beater when your boobs sit on your lap. i can nips.
welcome to the twitters!
Hedy delivers great into of mayor
Nice day💘
I can't wait to go to the lake this summer. 🎉🏊👙❤
Is it meant to be historically accurate?
#Imagine Harry bought you a bracelet with an engraving in it. He smiles at you as you whisper the text:''Forever yours. Love, Harry.''
James tonight at HOB. Feels like college.
#2012c19 Travis Foster opening up the idea of generation and a lovely re-reading of the word "conspire" as "breathing with"
I miss you! Can't wait to see you soon:) xoxo
you guys have such good on camera chemistry. You all look like you're having fun or you're really good at faking it ;-)
if guys get boner pills covered by insurance,women should have birth control covered,cheap,& accessible
Our own Jessica Tribble explaining #mystery on this morning between 8am and 10am, ABC15 in Phoenix. Go Jessica!
I left a trail through the NY Times crossword puzzle this morning.
There are clouds in the sky - what a beautiful sight! If it rained, it would be perfect - fingers & toes are crossed!
Cecil Fielder & Albert Pujols
Sorry, hon. We're trying to refinance which is less depressing but oh the home value is sad. ((hugs))
Days like this make me think I have a garden #angel!
it's true
Helping a real estate investor purchase a rehab home using our "private money". This is under utilized sources of financing.
After months of #writing I'm almost done with my new project
Hate to watch #Nats' Jason Werth injury.
u got a habbo really me too wat yo name on der
James Thurber~ You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
I'll be home soon.
Nobody's perfect, you don't have to be.
Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone so I know not to answer when you call..
Check out in the Picks & Promos this week
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them.
RT: : I know I will die alone, but loved.
Up early on my day off. Have a long to do list must get it all done!
Time to grind and get mine!
Hey del how your weekend so far
On my way to Dallas and my favorite hotel !
Officially dead. Zayn has killed me. Bless.
Studying is so fun :/
I know who u are:(
thank you for the support. <3
I cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food. ~W.C. Fields
"What if..." scenarios are excellent subjects to write about. <-Fear evokes imagination.
Buffalo folks. Im headlining a show at Mr Goodbar, 2nd floor, this Saturday at 9:30pm. 7 bucks gets you in. will be on the show
- check the fridge, there is a St. Patty's day surprise! #beerfridaysareback cc:
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend! Get the week started off right with an intense workout. Do Work!
What's your fav end zone dance you have done this year
One of the brilliant things about reading the ancient Greek writers is that they never make the mistake of considering humility a virtue.
I'm with you, doesn't know what a black and mild is??
Why do they keep pitching to Pujols?
We are moving up in the Pepsi Refresh competition! Text "107350" to 73774 right now to vote for us, takes just a few seconds!
Finished with a first draft of my dissertation! I've written 360 pages in the last four months.
saw not one but more than a dozen 'gators on bike ride through the Forest Preserve.
I don't need you and your brand new benz, or your bougie friends<3<3<3
Mexican American ppl that get very upset when someone forgets to add the American part #gtfoh ol sensitive ass.
it was close, but it wasn't what decided the game. Gordons too much
Ryan and I are both looking for part time jobs.. if you know about something that aint Captel please send me a message!
Hoodies=best thing that has ever existed!
that is sick i wish i was in houston to learn from them D;
Stop playing Dora baby and let's go to dinner. Otherwise, Swiper might swipe your food. U can bring boots too :)
Oh yeah...that will help ;)
Boley with the sack and belt discount double check move. Nice job?
I'm going to a bar with my boss
Happy Friday the 13th! What are you doing to stay lucky today? :)
Our first event is right around the corner. So exciting!!
Stress is your worst enemy ... Don't let it effect you.
Man has his will,- but woman has her way. ~Oliver W. Holmes
Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together, drawing them from their homes.
RT : "Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein
nm, read the article and see they're dumping Tebow
A few have asked for this game, so let's see who can get the "W'!
Idk why is tweeting but just ignored my call😡😊
I'd pay you if I had the cash... do you take VISA?
Finished Diablo 3 beta with one character... And played half-way thru with another, will probably need to finish some others too :D
It's a great Monday. Start your week off with a smile.
wait... cupcakes?
You are so helpful.
Red & Black where you at?! Go Dawgs!
ribeye or gyro?
Coyote seen roaming the North End. Apparently, he heard good things about "Acme Pasta" on Yelp.
College basketball has too many one handed rebounders. You have to be a two handed rebounder.
don't give up
Or: Rain dampened spirits but Irish were still smiling on Saturday ...
Monty Alexander & Ernest Ranglin - Marcus Garvey - 05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
take a sad song and make it better.
WHAT IS THIS.
contemplating how to embrace my vulnerable side......Been playing too many hard-nosed women I guess.....
thanks. interesting perspectives all around.
that sounds like a pretty awesome autocorrect to be honest
R.I.P Sam!!1 We will miss you. You were such a sweetheart!!
sometimes it feels like a nightmare im never going to wake up from.
Pick Up Line i used today: ME: Are those jeans on sale? GIRL: idunno ME: at my house therer 100% off. RETWEET.
Oh my, BayTOE had his nose photo shopped in his mailer, wonder if they can do that to my big boobs? He looks like he has nose cartilage!
loved seeing you on The show and I love you I can't wait to ready your book and you're doing an amazing job w Cree
Short film #Junshi that I was in won Best Sound Design & Best Narrative at the #VisuallyWiredFilmFestival!
Word! RT : If you're going to Waterstreet tonight for Such Gold/Joywave/Hit The Lights, say hi and buy Joywave merch from me
RT “: If people still make you angry you're not centered.”
Thought the filmmaking discussion went well, thank you to Keith for joining me and to Mrs. Scriven for asking us to participate!
Can't wait to announce the awesomeness! “: Working on it. And hopefully something awesome for the !”
Yes. Agree 100% “: Dan LeBatard is Highly Questionable is the best show ESPN has ever had”
thx so much
WOW. That was a great way to end the season
AIM: afteritendszach - Chat now...or the kitty dies.
different grades! Kindergarten I had too many, and then first or second they were all stolen lol
Just watched Journey To The Edge Of The Universe and I must say, is probably the best narrator ever.
wudd up plz follow jadenbaby11 she my friend she only got 2 followers dats my and sombody else plz follow her
getting McDonald's!
RT : Good luck to on your #glutenfree adventure! Thanks!!!
#aTouraine “Cultural models must B placed at center of society ...Art … becomes language and desire instead of message and representation”
Um? #grammys What is going on?!
Congratulations to for welcoming their first residents today!
Tip to the Kingdom: Your favorite Happy Hour may not be honored today since it is a "holiday." Call ahead to be sure!
you can complain, or you can do something about it...the power is in your hands...
I'm getting so aggravated! I feel like I'm about to burst!
me too. me too.
Do i want an epic packers/bears game? Or a seahawks upset? Go _________, i say.
Ugh! Sickness go away! D:
I told you to stop posting pics of me, man
Ready to see you light it up next year! Fly sweep all day!
Wow..that's good stuff! RT : Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
The painful feeling when I see the one I love with someone else.
Excited to hear Chancellor Joel Klein discuss his efforts to close the achievement gap and bring accountability to NYC’s school system.
No more estimated driving cost on Google Maps?
Mr Ajun I love you!!!!
So sad I can never become a rapper because Birdman stole my rapper name :(
RT : this nigga crazy!!!/ Blonde head n Red head at da #SameDamnTime like my nigga
Welcome to #smchi ! We're thrilled to have you! Aloha!
LOL i have issues
Double Space > Changed Font > Enlarge Period Size > ESSAY FINSHED. 5 pages just turned into 7
thats why I don't trust Robertson. I've said it once I'll say it a million times, he is good. Not great. He doesn'thavewhatittakes
Romney wins Nevada: "It's Mormon in America!"
why? How? Lol
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. -Muhammed Ali
Yes! I am located in NYC :)
i know! i'm officially in love with this actress!!!
[Media tweeps:] Is tumblr new outlet to evade #publicrelations pros or a cheap crowdsource solution to the 24/7 production cycle? Thoughts?
You are one scary guy when you cut people on tough enough. keep up the good work
I don't think anyone can.
better not go to sleep!!
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
RT : Good morning! We're starting out this week better than last, acquainted w/ more foot soldiers in the
Try roasted sweet red peppers and artichoke hearts with your appetizers or entres.
because we have school
Plan time to exercise during the week. Enlist the help of family & friends to make it happen. The chores can wait-take care of you!
I love people with road rage that drive a camero itjust makes me laugh
According to sources, FIU's Mario Cristobal to leave and take the head coaching position at Rutgers.
I had that the other day. Loved it!
OK, the red carpet pool league is happening next year so I can rock my picks for the Ind Spirit Awards!
Jeff Beaver of shares with students why Charlotte can't yet host the Super Bowl. Any guesses why?
We are looking for non profits in need of photography & film projects for our spring '12 Practicum. Please get in touch & fill out an app.
It's all happening at tomorrow! Spots available for vocal coaching with Marta Woodhull after 3pm!
Interesting voices.
at charges of 30 cents a minute, you better only tweet your BEST stuff. =) (and I do appreciate it!)
Happy Hour til 7! Come see Big Mike on the bar for $3 rail drinks, $3 house wine, $3 select drafts!
RT Lots of people want to ride in the limo w/ you. You want someone who'll take the bus when the limo breaks down.
RT ♫The wounded man looks up through his one dyin eye - Says, whad you bring him in here for? he aint the guy!♫
Glad to hear it! Prost!
damn losing followers :(
Check our $10 off coupon, just click the tab on the left. Cell phone accessories, repairs, or phones.
..thanks to my new follower , I'm working my magic right now.
Hahaa! Got that man on D-lock.
risk risk risk risk.
It was a rough year for sure
Buying drinks at Wet Willies, come find me!!!
Show tonight--a very eclectic event called "Speaking Of..." at the New Hazlett Theater, Pittsburgh, 8 pm. Check it out!
Yes - still alive and kicking... Just nose to the grindstone, that's all.
Having my first Summer Shandy of the year
i will when i get home. :) im at school. Talk to you later. :)
We look forward to serving you so keep us in mind for all of your Fishing Pole Racks.
That could get pretty complicated, if you know what I mean! Unless I bring a stun gun... ;-)
"Nice bike faggot!"
In exactly 7 weeks I will hopefully be taunting my good friend Josh Herion because I beat him at RevTour in boardercross. Its almost time.
You're welcome!:)
Avoid making irrevocable decisions while tired or hungry. ~ Robert Heinlein
samee. i wanna go there soo bad. its not even funny.
oh yeah mabe ya right well even if yeah or no it dosent matter to me anymore so yeah good night girl get better :)
Cody Ross is really strong......
Mexican food
she is one of the very best !!!
can't wait to see you at #tasteofdc !!
Hey Now!!!..have a great one *besos*
same here! i wanna be able to show everyone :(
STRICTLY OFFLINE TIL LATER! TWITTER IS DROP DEAD! RIGHT NOW!
aw poor baby! Hope she recovers over the weekend. Lots of lovin'!
What is happening in #Fringe ? Peter is THAT walter's son wtf???? Did the writers got confuse with the universe?
I could have told you that. :)
Singing all morning, starting not mind being single! Helps I've had the best rebound ever w/my Mavs! 2 games1week!
Alcohol police ?????
Open till 8pm today for all your NYE favorities. Dine in or take out, hope to see everyone out!
SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVOR, "I was told by my brother that I was ugly. As adult, I think I am ugly. The imprint he gave me is deep."
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost. -Martina Navratilova
RIP facebook ? 16-20 yr old girls You are not hiding on #Twitter from those " people you can't stand " on Facebook
You wrote the damn song, but WE'RE the freaks?!
stayed up way too late last night. Now facing the drive to G.B. Coffee (check), full tank (check), clean roads (check) ... all systems go !
music made to last /Cc
A fitting conclusion.. Footage of Seau's induction to the #Chargers HOF and Seau playing ukulele.
Google intends to move for a mistrial based on the fact that jury only answered half of the first question it was asked, says Van Nest.
awh c: I wouldn't want to let you go either <3
i'm tired like a zombie-person.
Hello twitter...I'm ready to start tweeting!
Paul Gauguin quotes:... "A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes that he has got the biggest piece.”
Qustir offers a system that will allow companies to make coupons and savings more accessible to their target market.
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.
It's one of those evenings when that one person - just wish he was here.
Do u think it's coincidence that "sky diving" said five times fast sounds like "sky dying" --
let's get a meeting!
who does? Lol
Bwhahahahhahahahahahaa STOP! RT "I just seen tupac at ross arguing over the last pair of red chucks"
I have a feeling the only online activity next week will be for TAX prep..:) At least for some...
Gotta spend money to make money.
okay! Pictures:)
I just heard what she did to me she did the same exact thing to him wit his friend ahaha karmas a bitch glad I ain't wit that hoe lmao
Watching the #2 play #15 Lehigh... admittedly a bit nervous. Lehigh is leading by 2 with 4min left in the half... hm.
I have a really awkward farmers tan on my legs
bout to get into some new music ..
Buy a new one | “: how do you get malware off of a mac? i think i have some”
i saw her livechat she's so sweet<333 Love her <33333
For those intrigued by its mention in our Citypaper blurb, we're offering Chai Masala Tea Cake over the weekend. Get it while it lasts!
VEGASiTES coming soon!
All you do, you do to you.
I love my choir. And watching julia dance likw a freak...
Sad to announce that West Coast Tacos will not be joining us tomorrow night; many well wishes to the swift repair of their truck!
One thing I would like to teach the world is the beauty of being ON TIME...
North Carolina is a backward hellhole, but not alone. Most of U.S. has voted same way. Fundmamental rights should not be subject to vote.
“: Thank you for you kind words on this sad day RIP Etta James " thinking of you my friend! Miss you!
Me and made a delicious dinner! :D practice tomorrow!!!
blu Restaurant is doing another Week of RESTAURANT WEEK 2009! Make your reservations now! 617-375-8550
You're Welcome!
#questionsthatdontgetanswers What's wrong with this expensive couch sitting on the sidewalk?
[] single [] taken [x] trying to figure out how one DOES get into morodor
Why wont it let me follow anymore fans?
Exactly my feeling about it... Waiting for the next update to see if they introduce those missing features.
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
RIP Carroll Shelby… Cars are much better because of you.
Kiss another year goodbye. Celebrating 44 on 4-4. Time flies when you are engaged in the battle to re-establish reason.
There has been a lot a questionable stuff written about EVs lately. Consider those sources, folks!
Lmao! I know I just wanted to see if u wud really do it but ok baby.
i need more followers !
A new blog for the New Year on my website:www.thehome-office.com. A new year brings new opportunities to do what you love to do! Blessings!
Steadily working in the field. Couldn't ask for anything more. :)
Shopping!!! :D
OK, I'm still at with a Golden Ticket & free food. Who wants it? Stop by, say Mangia!
Haha RT : If you have a chance to remake Napoleon Dynamite in cartoon form.. You just have to do it." - Nobody
Finally replaced my 4-5yr old MacBook with a brand new Air. This is so cool. Everything works again.
sign me following & gaga. Hiring ppl my record company contacts
great shooting today and GREAT WIN!
May 12th be in the building #JERIMIH LIVE at #KCEVENTSCENTER GET TICKETS NOW!
it was nicely said.
Yes. Done and done. RT : Offshore this week to wash down the road dust?
- I actually met Bette Davis a half a dozen times in the mid 1980's. When I first moved to LA. She'll make a man stutter.
Speaking to Junior & Senior Sports Management Majors at Flagler College in St Augustine, FL this morning.
": #MLB Spring Training games start this weekend!" That makes me so happy.
I know this is kinda early to talk about but, Who else is going to warped tour this summer?
GM tweets have a blessed day and remember to put God first :-)
Wise man.
I'm looking to get a couple bottles tomorrow, does anybody know where I can go & get V.I.P.??
I would say more like 75%
omg havet tweeted since last night :O whats up
My coffee is making me feel GOOD this morning!
MPG Office Trust Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
Willie Nelson Chipotle spot is cool
ima bout to blow UP...a family member has hatted on me....LOVE IT!!!
he'll call just look out for it. Goodluck!
the best revenge is living well. the second best revenge is acid in face. who will love them now?
We have many clients from Canada but we do not do any sales of Canadian property.
lol hopefully it will be and thanks...again!<3
"Post news and tips for a variety." A variety of what?
I love penelope but all of her dresses almost look the same to me.
Agnostic Front Plan 30 Years of NYHC Shows Recap
Unreal.. going to #3rdOT ! looked good in 2nd boys..let's go
David Carradine found dead in Bankok - believed to be suicide by hanging. We have lost our Kung Fu Master.
Well that is a given. I don't necessarily have to reiterate the obvious :)
Hahaha. And it had the potential to! Oh how I miss the Simon team! Have fun in Indy!
awww my roommate just bought me coffee!! Perfect on this crazy cold day. I love that people know i love coffee :)
they should've did that with Iamme and the boyz.
I'm thinking so. it was bad, then better.... now today my head feels two sizes too large.
Everybody at work today!
registered for NEOtech. Let me know if you need a session: Google Apps, Social Learning w/ Schoology, Pod.Vod-casting
Wow. Your band is so ultra-hip that even Shazam can't figure you out.
yes you can.
had a wonderful time presenting the History Day lecture Morgan State University today.
how?! Register rewards?
Dear - if you're going to tweet that a major highway is shut down, how about announcing when it reopens? Sincerely, Late For Work
Going to see Gerald Clayton this evening at the Jazz Standard. CD release of "Two-Shade" www.artistshare.com. Yea!!!
Just read an accomplishment of new OH State Supt; was the youngest principal ever in SD <--not sure this is something to be proud of
Shame on #netflix for supporting that pig Rush Limbaugh. We haven't watched much lately - maybe time to switch to Hulu and cancel
what are u doing paying for it.. Ill give it to u for free in exchange for some tickets. Have not been to the show since March
I'm bilingual--I speak both MLA and Take my serial comma--please. #Englishprofessorhumor (Anything for a break from grading.)
I believed I could change you, I was blind to the truth.
Everybody want that loyal friend who's going to be there threw thick and thin
Just had the most delicious Greek yogurt with a bunch of stuff in it. #nomnom I want more
Man i wish my shirt kums tomarrow
no longer any aspect of this nation remains undivided. Short term? healthcare overturned. Long term? does not bode well.
John Seigenthaler from giving powerful keynote on US civil rights movement at #Fulbrightenrichment seminar
Workin on some new stuff and a new demo!
Amen, #God made you for Greatness. Let's live out His plan for our lives instead of our own.
#WhyDoIAlways fall for your type?
How long is Carl's internship on Phinaes and Ferb? I mean he's been an intern for like 2 1/2 years!
I hate rude people
Why is Groupon a "tech" company? Because they know how to send emails?
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Comment on remarks friends make. They are more likely to look at your links & recommend to others.
If you think money is more important than humanity then I feel very sorry for you.
Forgot my tinfoil hat today
Biz was the shizzzzzzz RT : RT : OH BABY YOU , YOU GOT WHAT I NEED, BUT YOU SAY HES JUST A FRIEND
Whew. If I'm honest, the apocalypse can happen as long as people like me. But I'm sorry for the hassle of the hack.
i feel like this is i am legend and i am the dog okay
It sux to do things with one hand...but SO worth it!
a tell coach im almost done putin my paper work n bru i had to get my licsence
thanks for writing your books! Just finished the one on Objective C and bought your iPhone book which I'm going through now!
Friday Night Tip on Sat Morning: Try to not leave your CCard @ The Club!
omg! That's awesome!
Mark my words: oct 7 will be mainly GREEN and GOLD in Lucas Oil!!!
Where are you roadtripping miss???
hey I saw a kid that kinda looked like u today... So I thought u would like to know haha okay thanks bye <3
#askbrandon what is your opinion on the zodiac? Like do you believe in it or what?
: on #Hardball? Can't wait to see the recap of it.
Thanks for all your March Madness Book Giveaway submissions! We'll be announcing the winner of last week's giveaway on FB later today!
Hope Lebron watching and taking notes
wait, I think I fixed it! I'm signed in now at least... I think
It is marketing, and customer service, too.
I can't wait to see you and the rest of play tonight! :)
Hi. Happy day to you!!
In the library, spying on my Statistics professor...
the most little things,fuckin drive me nuts.
Post photoshoot pig-out with
#30RockLive "LAY IT ON ME!!!"
Thanks to Sarah () on 90.3 FM for playing "Gypsy Hands" on her show! We appreciate the East Coast love!
It's my last day and I'm going to take it like a man. I already shed blood. Man, brushing your teeth sucks..
Who will be 2012 Queen of the Snows? Find out right here, very soon!
Start out buying diapers in smaller quantities. Make sure to find a good fit & remember newborns get bigger quickly
It's official. Lord Tensai couldn't possibly be any lamer. I am regretting drafting him.
Thx for this factoid. MT : 40% of all vehicle trips are 2 miles or less.Substituting bikes can have a positive impact.
we saw so many awkward looking girls with memorabilia and t shirts on the metro
Autism walk in Denver Co On May 26th get out and walk
Solicit feedback via polls, surveys, etc. But if you're not ready to listen, don't ask!
I got an email they moved it inside
The first sign of madness is talking to yourself, the second sign is replying
I know right! We should talk!
RT : Ah-ha! moment: Ask your employees.
I saw you on Fox 5 news last nite! I'm not gonna say about what... LoL
At a prospect presenting a final budget to launch a boat club.
It doesn't have to be perfect. It only has to be YOU!
Maybe if the offer a million dollar bonus someone will hit a pair of free throws. Both teams have only themselves to blame for losing
I love myself exactly where I am right now in my career. I am on the right path and things are lining up for me.
getting ready 4
Every second is a highlight.
Lunch time @ Narai Thai with
haha sounds terrible but keep it anyways I won't be feeling very selective at that point!
Tired !!!!!! But excited for tomorrow my princess hailey turns 5 super jam packed day planned :) with my love ,kiddies & family
- Will you be able to see your US fans backstage on your US tour w/BTR?
My twitter account was hacked! Just changed my password, and http to https on my account settings. Please let me know if it continues!
haha of course he does!
Chris Brown is a great performer.
oo next time invite me over!
Keeping my head up, he isn't worth my time or my tears. I was happy once without him, I can be happy again..
Happy sunday (:
good to see you tonight.
Up watchin movies .
friday... aaawww snap.
I want to wish everyone a happy and blessed Easter weekend with family and friends and books to read. www.lindaswift.net
I miss you too, beautiful! Can't wait for our romantic summer getaway ;)
So I'm laying down on the coach and my niece thinks it's funny to stab me in the belly button with a crayon, it hurt so bad :(
You Lakers fans are so bitter
Dear world, despite my lackluster term paper, I thank you for the ability to sleep. Love Jose...PS Stop raining on my car!
LOL RT : I have no idea what he just did. Do not ask.
Procrastination plays a crucial role in that it allows a light to shine upon the things we've neglected until this point. JUST DO SOMETHING
Y NO ONE LIKE ME ?
We are very good lawyers for our own mistakes, but very good judges for the mistakes of others
goodnight. There, R U HAPPY NOW!?!
Tyler Palko looks like the mayhem guy from the AllState commercials.
21 Fenton Rd is in Chili off Westside Dr. Updated Kitchen, Lrge fenced yard, lrge 2 plus car gar, everything is done for you just move in
My speakers in my room hit so hard it shakes stuff in the garage :D
Michael not a new option, our hospice used to do it years ago!
Reilly sees in legal cases evidence that property rights of men over women were slowly giving way 2 a more egalitarian relationship
Goodnight Mikey. Don't forget, you're perfect. I love you. 
awarded $1.7 million prize. So he's got that going for him, which is nice.
Really, switching to #Linux on an older laptop can be like getting an entirely new machine. I've done it with good results.
the bible would have been a lot shorter if he had turned water into beer.
k well gonna get ready go go to school and be miserable with all the annoying people so.
i thought of him too!
I guess when it comes to my sports teams I should just learn that disappointment is inevitable Winterhawks down 2 at the end of 1
“: rose can't be mvp cus da bulls team too solid” I have to agree with ya on that
Green and yellow.. Green and yellow!
indeed RT : the Water Liars are now live streaming, in the middle of a significant snowstorm. it should translate.
Cash out just broke outta jail, then made cashin out haha !
Waking up from my nap and thinking its Monday morning. So happy it's not.
#Lakers will take out the #Nuggets on Game 7 tonight.
had a patron today 'sneaking' his foot-long sub sandwich into the library, which allows food already ... not exactly 'getting away with it'
Welcome back, #Orioles. Ugh.
I have buttdialed four people today. This tweet is actually being written in my back pocket without my knowledge.
Fake ass friends, the one who I thought had my back is now stabbing me
"she's indecisive, she cant decide ... #eeniemeeniemineymo "
Agree, Marsha! It's crucial.
Are you holding a 4pm presser??
Yes, for the web series Searching 4 Miss Right , it all started as a result of my dating video on youtube.
I see a bad-ass mother who don't take no crap off of nobody!
Late night @ the Tool Academy.
SO disgusting to' Boo at the Pres's wife, And the Vice Presi' Wife. Michelle's Face tells it all. She was Hurt!
U think a cat will get smarter if u fed it dog food?
I'm annoyed how easy you made it on the new person ... :)
jury duty today!!! they sent letter after letter if i dont go it's a fine or jail what do i do?
Are u wearing little green 2 nite 4 St pattys day? U should because everyone is Irish 2day even Jules!
Hi! I just sent you an email about our Taste of Italy event at the Italian Embassy. Hope you can make it.
Why you gotta, why you wanna make me keep wanting you?
thanks potty dotty!! Lol
A major presentation & our launch party today = lots of activity & prep w/ team. Can't wait 2 see everyone tonight!
Wide awake reading The Grapes of Wrath? :)
if they want to open up and show their world then they can't go back when convenient
Can't wait for tomorrow! #sixflags WHOOP WHOOOPP :)
Tore his pectoral muscle today
I'm ready to start drinking
What's your opinion on 21st Jump Street?
Party tonight!!:)
yes that will do just fine.
flight leaves sat night. when do you get in?
Pink bats in Texas are turning red hot..Rangers 10..Angels 2..bottom of 5th.
Have I mentioned lately that is awesome? idk why, but I felt the need to say so...
serious withdrawal “: Tearful eyes. Heavy hearts. Can't lose. #FridayNightLights”
The damned coward left me to face hostile stares as I stepped inside Petigru's house. I could not have imagined a worse future general.
BOI needs a director with current hands-on experience at similarly sized airport.CCDC director was chosen by CCDC not the City.
so people don't know how to hit reply or copy and paste? You shouldnt have to change it!
i will be there to see
if the reports are true, i guess i best start using google+ more often! :)
Me:i feel as tho im OH SHIT I FORGOT ABOUT MY RAMEN *le runs upstairs* that happens everytime i make ramen XD
Take cover 'Burgher! It could get rough!
purchase a beat and record 4 free at , DM me for details
Yankees r gettin ass raped in Boston by Mics
Interesting that CD is using basic concepts in the social sciences: norms, conventions, constructions, etc. Should #hastac2011 be HASSSTAC?
The O'Reilly factor I noticed has RACIAL UNDERTONES Straight up BILL O'REILLY IS A RACIST ....
Sexy dentist: Have you been flossing? Me: Yes!!! In My Mind: You and I both know I haven't been flossing!!!
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
Can't sleep, took too many naps throughout the day >.<
Robin Yount presenting Ryan Braun with the MVP award. Really great moment
Still plenty of good seats, eh ?
you're lame. Get off twitter.
Okkkayy RT : I know right other side of the earth n shit. I'm about to text you
I love that RT Growth requires learning from painful experiences by recognizing the role we have played.
i know right aggresive tops r wut make the world go round lollol love me an aggressive top
what did she do?
you are crazy... Phaedra tolerable??? lol
Nice chatting tonight. See you at some other events I'm sure - let's stay in touch!
Tweetahs! Be inspirational on this Wonderfully Wacky Wednesday! Woohooo!!
I actually approve! Although, they should ban cell phones if that happens...can you imagine soccer moms on cellphones going 85?
That awkward moment when you have a better chance at finding Waldo than a boyfriend.
Little girl, big hoop dreams
ha! I'll be sure not to bounce too high.
my bad i sent you precise dj pack for his latest joint "shot's fired" off of the shots fired soundtrack
Katherine is safe.... Figured that.
RT : I was mainly looking for a good burger from Burgatory. Tessaro's and make much much better burgers.
would it replace a control surface? I was contemplating the move...
A little Watch the Throne on for a Monday.
RT : the day i notice a cyclist obey a stop sign is the day i'll stop enjoying watching them bounce off my hood.
i will get you to love new girl. should have won a golden globe
Oddly enough I made two batches of cookie dough tonight, but they're getting baked tomorrow.
The people at museum bar are mean
its here in my cities dist ctr, i'll call them in the AM and see if there is any hope of picking it up:)
hiring the best UX Designers and Rock Stars! We wanna talk to you if yr here at
BTW I LUV YA GUYS, so keep following, ill follow back, and add me on myspace!xD !:)
Do not understand craps...
RT I love diet coke with ice ‎​♡
Hello Monday 😊 Rise & Grind 💙
Thanks Lizz! All is well. Hope you are doing great too! :-)
that's fine!
They should have gotten Carl Lewis to do the national anthem.
for sure been a minute!!
agreed, it's extremely sad & if something happens to social security it's going to be worse...
Raleigh to DC in 3.75 hours.. think I set a new record
: At least Meg won't be there with her fist flying! Lol.
haha why dont you say how much you miss me an well talk love !
6 - that's awesome, we will be at jack st. game, hoping to go to Georgia too
No, the magenta dye stained EVERYTHING. Ugh. Nightmare.
Well that would've been nice to know an hour ago.
Ok, Charlotte was cute...Ready to move back to New York.
but i can help You if You want because i am latin (:
can I mention you in my new book? Like as an appearance?
6 days till two months<3
Another Monday, God help me.
This morning's spotting session for "Piranha: 3DD" went well. It's gonna be wet. It's gonna wild.
Never been a fan of hiding behind effects..
RT : And he already has 1600 followers! RT : Your attention please. The squirrel is now tweeting RT
Watching SAW V... I don't understand the whole roman newmeral thingy so I don't know what V stands for...
Thanks for leading, and to , , , , , for a great chat today.
You go to Baby Blues and don't tell me!? You know I live RIGHT there! I now understand why Bobby left you...
First five people to tell us the name of their favorite local blogger win a free mocha or latte! Ready...Go!
you go EVERY weekend
its kinna boring here too!
You may be bored.. But Atleast youre a dope rapper
Please marry me
Pre-Calculus final tomorrow..gutted!
Lol a very excellent shirt.
Your son is on the wrong side of history.
Peace on earth and goodwill to all people. Happy New Year !
Idk, if I'm him I look at what happened to Elia and go "LOL fuck that."
hah thanks! Feel free to pass on to your class.
LOL @ fart in a tissue box. Watching it now haha.
with Sydney and Spydaddy of course!
Giving my talk "PUBLISHING IN 2020" at Int'l #Book Conference, Barcelona, Spain, June 2012.
#favoritemovieever Full Metal Jacket
Only five days until Egg Nog returns!!!
Could Zimmerman have said "I have a gun", then pulls it, Martin backs away and he still shoots him in the chest?
Using a CDplayer for portable music<
Speak consoling to all and learn to do more listening then talking. Its okay to listen and learn about someone other then Ur self! P,L&H
"I'm going out of my mind, All day & all night." I love Niall's part. :) x
ditto! Enjoy one of the last weekends of summer! :)
": ok have a gud day ahead!!! Best wishes !!" Thank u, u have a good night too:)
My life just freakin sucks cuz of basically everything ugh -___-
Ate dinner out on my porch tonight. Could have never done that in Seattle!
Cooper one hero. Fantastic Four D, McCarty & Meara others.
right now i can honestly say i can't find one thing wrong with my life worth changing...
Yeah...since end of Jan. First time at odds with the office...hope it doesnt affect happy hour...
New cd release party Saturday Aug 20th Follow to Get FREE download!
Somewhere, James Franco is studying, painting, directing a movie, writing a poem, and laughing *hard*.
I believe I'm wining
Anyplace online, radio or TV to catch the announcement at 3:00?
I'd probably do it, just to be safe. Unless it's insanely fast or something.
If you need cheering up just look in a mirror !!! You are amazing !!!! #WOW :)
Meek Mill new mixtape is fire ..
Thanks for the RTs -- You are welcome! Please follow me. Thank you!
Almost there!!!!!!
I agree Paul, but somehow had a problem with Detroit 187's sets. It all felt like a student film project shot in an abandoned warehouse.
That horrible feeling when you feel like your friends don't care about you anymore.
1 day someone is going to break 40 seconds in the 100 yard free. And that will be a crazy day. It will happen.
Thanks, Becker!
Definitely want to chat. Our plans include enhancing the system that supports our online social place @ Emory - Learnlink.
yes they are!
That's true, ROH does need a identity.
just listened to your podcast #3. As a fellow dad and former startup founder, I #appreciate your work/life balance reflections.
RT : A2: invite program staff to get involved Otherwise risk a lack of buy-in, bad project idea, failing at grant obj.
#doublehtown be to live n the club #whomad"
aw no matter what we will always be together OneAndOnly<3
Reading some amazing comedy scripts! Nice work this pilot season! :)
I'll have to see when I get on my Mac...
Holy Musical B New favorite! has done it again!
My heart stopped when I saw Jason Reitman under my phone's contacts. Then, I realized it also lists the folks I follow on twitter.
where is your new restaurant in San Diego going to be? Thanks.
Today's tip: At every meal eat a rainbow of colors. The more variety of colors in your food, typically the more well-balanced it is.
ILLUMINATE WAS RECORDED IN ALTANTA
Tough day of #publichistory. Delicate balance (btn accepting mediocrity & pushing a community volunteer to aim higher) upset. Moving on!
Why is it the day you HAVE to dress up is the day you least want to??
Friend: You think money grows on trees ?! Me: No !!!! it falls out of the sky.
Anywhere and everywhere :)
glad I was included 😭
world peace meditation Friday oct 28th My Name Is Mahataa site
The Green Goddess was hittin' on all 8 tonite. Delicious!!!!
oh ok...u got a snippet of it?
interesting? Sounds interesting
I feel like steppin out
Ruins is kickin my ass today
This time yesterday u was fightin nd now cause yo friends say something u switch gears...Im show u wasnt saying i love u too (s)omebody else
agreed with Mattee !
Moreso than a back-up QB, and more for 2013 is my goal.
unless you have nothing, in which case...carry on.
We need 2 more followers till we reach 400!! Who will those people be?!
Anybody's adrenaline still pumping from last night's glorious victory? Mine is. It's going to be a good week.
Unfortunately that's not a number anyone has for certain. IIHS claims its low, NHTSA says it must be high.
My cat does that all the time. :/
I'm so stressed out. This is why I hate relying on people to do their work in order for me to do mine.
omq plz follow me<333 if u did i would be so happy
Uhm? get dang twitter on your phone!!!
beats are so fucking dope. Everyone should feel this shit!
#JamesTweet Two words I love to hear....Creative Control.
We just attended an internal #IT presentation of BI tools for marketers. It was so complex that nobody got it. Where is the "easy" button?
nap or studying...such a tough decision
i'm having a lot of conflicting thoughts today, so i'm kinda sad :(
RT : RT : Remember when Rep. Peter King marshaled assets to directly threaten the stability of Northern Ireland?
is my arch nemesis today
Cool! Which work? Glad to hear it's making its way into T101.
Damn right you're sexy!
I think I will have to give it a go. Thanks, by the way, for the blog and podcast. So much great stuff. And iPad at Work!
it was dark and i almost stepped on a little kitty :( someone call PETA on me
"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who …
Headed to port orchard tonight, looking to pick me a redneck fight.
weddings are a very small percentage of receptions they call almost everything with a group of people receptions. I think I do.
it be the best present i ever had and promise i would try not to touch your ass if you dont let me lol
me and Matt are at bobby Evans
just had an amazing rehearsal for friday's show! this is gonna be a fun one, guys :)
Eat watermelon all year long nigga
The real truth- Star Trek sucks.
That time you don't feel well, spend an 45 minutes writing a report, and then the website refreshes and erases the whole thing.
We are crooked souls trying to stay up straight.
#Romance tip of the week: Take care of your mate when he or she is sick. Even though the mood may not be romantic, the gesture still is.
beautiful day here in Block Island going 2 ride some waves :)
#AskBuddy Do you support increasing national R&D funding for renewable energy? Increasing NSF, NIH funding for basic science research?
Heyy we are gonna be in LA next weekend!! Are y'all doing anything live that you know of yet? Would love to see y'all again :)
Need a title/escrow rep in the Puget Sound that won't say "No" to helping me get the word out about HARP 2 to #realtors. Any suggestions?
Thnx 4 the #FF & right back at ya! Have a great weekend! Stay productive!
Firefox 13 Beta gains speed boost with SPDY by default
Any relation to Harry Morgan, Colonel Potter from M.A.S.H.?
Damn that's crazy shit at the Woodbridge Mall. just another of the 10,000 ways to die ..shoplifting ..smh
i would run if the baby kitten came it would be like "GET IN MY BELLY!!!" lol
Guess what's new on my shopping list for India?.. Lucky charms and dishwasher detergent action packs. :)
Sun 4/17: Mark Towns on bass w Yvonne Washington Trio feat pianist Gilbert Sedeno at Eddie V's Kirby Dr - Houston
#HolidayGift My finding out I'm pregnant after being told I can't have childern anymore
"take a joke like you take a dick" NEVER!
yeah, mornings are tough. But, we survive and thrive.
: At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end💡
"Lisa, as your brother this is the hardest thing I have ever had to say; you're not ugly."- Bart
JuwanxKaysha=Forever...But Nelle N TJ WAS A GOOD COUPLE BUT TJ NOT READY YET...
It a cabin! And tubing down the river! I have never camped before and don't intend to...
#LMSunSIG "soft slipper syndrome": it's so comfortable we don't want to get rid of it
Rumour has it that we have a RAD venue for our next workshop... Can't wait to hear!!
merry Christmas :)
ahahahahahahaha!!! i laughed out loud when I saw this!!!
Even though it makes me a glutton for punishment , I am a die hard NY Knicks fan till I die !
Ugh, just like the Sabres!
I'm not afraid to cry every once in a while even though going on with you gone still upsets me
just drove 8 hours from Miami to see you. Would be great to meet you bruv!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you still have food in your spirit bag from last wgi
The cupcakes were amazing! Thanks for your dedication. I appreciate you so much. I look foward to our next endeavor. :-)
Other than Daniel Day Lewis, any suggestions? RT I need a good cobbler & a good place to get a bag fixed in Boston. Anyone?
Way cool!
new planet = ??
days how I get down son ! Jus like that !...
Spaz needs to go for it.
$AAPL falling off a cliff this morning.
Why did I do the Zumba fitness workout again?!?!
EI is being decimated by your NYS BEI Staff!
Great time moderating discussion on Tony Bennett for the Jazz Museum in Harlem last night. Bennett's a living icon of good taste.
Python threw an AssertionError exception, it says I'm not allowed more than 100 groups in a regular expression.
RT: “: Single women are found to be more attracted to men who are taken than to those who are available.
Alex should of won the Glee Project.
soon_ need any help?
Thanks & Right Back Atcha!!! Have a fab weekend!
Yay! You should give a ride home.
World’s Biggest Engine - Most Powerful Engine –
Such an Epic day today with needing out. Gotta love
Getting irritated and annoyed!! This don't make no sense this dang early in the morning.
true gentlemen
Nappy time!
Digging into some David Foster Wallace essays for my nonfiction writing class
I'm only going to be gone until Saturday. So why do I panic so much about everything?
It's sometimes beneficial to forget what you know
Heyy sweetie! u need to come to Chi so we can do a softball rematch with the celebs and radio folks!
thanks! I'm also 99 days smoke free today. Not bragging...it's just taken me a long time to get to the point action. lol
Amen to that Dr. West MT : Chuck Brown, the "Godfather of Go-Go," will be missed. This brother had a deep love for humanity.
Thanks to for the #FF!
my sink and bathtub is plugged up.
Honestly done giving a shit about anyone.
Saying "no" before someone finishes their sentence.
not sure how I'm JUST discovering this but is pretty darn cool...check it out. awesome
#nowwatching teen TV w/ the girls. Someone save me
My money's on a massive methane buildup from factory farms...
o I want Zaina.
you have a lovely night tonight too! I'm ready for my wind down right about now. R&R
Thank you. Check out and their Facebook page for more guitars & stuff.
Happy Happy Birthday Girl!
where u wrk at
Next stop: NYC!! Technically next stop is Houston, but that doesn't count
I don't get some of the kids my age and younger. They are deprived of real rock. Seriously, listen to Black Sabbath, Van Halen, AC/DC etc...
Garden State soundtrack on Spotify & a box of questionable gummies in hand.
HEY TWEETIES GO N FOLLOW MY NEWEST FOLLOWER RT
Music ringtones annoy me now.... my phone just live on vibrate!
is she being ratchet as usual 😒😝
Being hungry but not wanting shit in the refrigerator <<<<<
oh lord hahah
Only thing I've heard was that Zimmerman had injuries from a fight. Granted he was following someone around in the dark...
Thank you for the #ff It's greatly appreciated!
in fact, that was the 2nd 1/2 of the speaker's statement!
wow, do you sleep?
Good! Haha, we'll see about getting you a variety show.
Don't get left behind- follow rising country star 's opening for #blakeshelton in August!!
Wow. Glad you sent. I caught wind via another route - see next tweets.
Just signed up for and loving it so far.
Follow back please hah
I've seen him before!! He's nuts.
“: A fax? You're sending me something via fax? What is it, an important document from 1993?”
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
I nominate #MalcomX as the next American Saint.
The applications are out, get 'em while they're hot!!
. says gamification is effective for B2B companies to thank advocates without giving them something of monetary value
Librarians are sensitive to their own self-image--negative ebook opinions reinforce the self-loathing.
Tune in to on am 1570 in a few. I'm talking
Visited Bull Run-Manassas and MLK Memorial in the same day ...sure this is significant but A&J meal in between =
Absolutely. I wrote specific code to test for corresponding screen touches for each letter press (lest people try to cheat).
so i was in a bad mood on the way to work and the incredible sound of "the impression that i get" pepped me up
Miss hanging out with and ):
Looking for great NYC mobile presenters for our event next week. Let us know if you're interested in presenting!
. believes in a consumer bill of rights, but what about the actual bill of rights? We need to reform
... playing for the Big XII crown!
Highd The Fuck Up On The Bus
Its like walkin in antarctica in my room
lol that is a good question!!! :)
What an incredible game!!!! Let's go KU!!!!
END THIS GAME (with a win) I AM HANGING OUT WITH MY FRIENDS AND BEING LAME!
yours is a shameful attack on Catholicism. I don't like the politician Santorum, but he is mostly an orthodox Catholic.
Great live remote from Meet the Pros event today at Los Angeles Valley College. Thanks to all the film biz Pros who came out!
maybe its just the similarities of Jeff Bridges' character to the detective that I find hillarious. What's a book you like?
Woah! That would be cool. Buut its not that were not friends the only reason we don't talk is cause your phone is gone.
Church Rock Club show 3-2-11 Feat: Gravitas, Hadrians Heroes, Matt Koelsch & the Allies, and Patrick Coman. Hit us up 4 directions & details
"132 at Bush I've got em at gunpoint"
The most difficult task of the day......deciding where to go for lunch!
Wow I seen Ana today haven't seen her since like junior year in high school
hi text me re: life updates
Watching Brian May guitar tutorials on youtube helps A LOT!
“Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people” ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
#ECET2 Can you revitalize the teaching profession without teachers? Not if you want the impact to reach the students and last over time
A panhandler's tooth fell out of his mouth and onto my lap during my commute. How's YOUR morning?
I wantd my own twitter page,but it has become too hard for me to manage :( I'm keepin ,but will be tweeting from
next time you plan to visit NYC gimme a holla! And the honor would be all mine ;)
who made u made????
Yep, Gerry's at the store (Aldi's, of all places...) and is getting some!
Will be on the Larry Young Morning Show (WOLB 1010 AM) at 9 am to discuss the 9th District City Council race.
Get more Race for the Cure LA info at www.komenlacounty.com/race and spread the word, follow March 24 is coming up!
Just picked up my first ILL book ; love this university staff benefit!
how does it feel.to be free??
I went to 's channel to see the message that says it's down but I turn to it and see news I run around the livingroom and scream
Practice, practice, for recording starting thursday.
Dang, Zuckerberg bought Instagram? He's DEEP in the game!
Mariachi music competition! Tucson Festival of Books.
There is this homeless meth-head playing guitar chanting my deejay name. It's weirding me out!
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIN.
Heading up to Boston w/ to catch the east coast's first Red Bull Thre3style - stay tuned DC
#Northwestern vs #Illini game at #Wrigleyfield this Saturday. Will YOU be watching?
Goodbye, neck beard.
"Success is how high you bounce back after you hit the bottom"
Having one of those days when I'm so engrossed in a project I've entirely forgotten to eat. This explains the headache.
#ThingsThatINeed A personal hair stylist 💆
I am wired!!
I love the comment by the security chick... "you're not going to put that on Facebook or anything right?" Haha. Dumbshit.
I had a great sitcom audition for "Counter culture" today...thanks to the wonderful caster Jill Anthony Thomas and her staff!
I love it when they do that!
Watching soul surfer in french. #devil'slanguage
Thanks Jen. Happy Friday!
US Title and Closing Services, LLC was founded in 1998 by former bank executive Ronald Kaminsky and real estate attorney William Judge.
Morrow I see you! All net, all nite!
MAN WE GONE OFF THAT DROSKI BIG UPS BOTTOZ MONEY IN DA BANK WELCOME TO MONEYLAND BIG J STAKKS AND K. LEE NEW MEMBAS RAY MASK JR JIMMY BOTTOZ
- thanks for the follow. I hope I'm useful to you.
Went to Banjo practice! Great music, people, fun!
you never know with you...your little sister knows the whole shots song...SHE'S THREE!!!
MITT ROMNEY is quite suited for what the GOP wants. They don't NEED MITT ROMNEY because they do not TRUST MITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
they're fucking dumb. LeBron and dwade are about to get turnt up for sure
-- wow, youre getting very eco-political
Working on course conversion for Comp I. Funsville.
Statistics be damned when you're playing a team full of head cases like the Cowboys.
That's kind of my fascination. Things change for no apparent reason, well after the game film is etched in stone. Fun to make fun.
Working full time, being a mommy & Tuesday play-in nearly makes brackets a March chore ala spring cleaning
PPSS is closed on Sunday, see you tomorrow!
Did they even freeze these pucks? They freaking bounce like crazy...
Matt Flynn, AND me? In the same stadium? For Monday Night Football? I'm pretty sure this has to happen.
I'm not getting any sleep tonight
omgsh awe thank you so much :)
Cannot. Take. Anymore. Kid. Shows. Glad my nephew is enjoying himself but....
Especially missing NYC as kicks off this week - wish I were there!
Because it's insanely popular and I don't want to come off like an dismissive asshole.
Cano looks lost
Getting Very Excited For The Rios Family & Friends Fun Day...Sunday, July 26, 2009...tailgating starts Field at Mile High!
Hmm... do you think RJ would be willing to share one with Jimmy?
Why is this guy walking this cat!
thank you very much and looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Completely understood...
Everyone should check out Jaypee Brothers Publishing. Their books are very good. Similar books from other publishers cost 5 times as much.
lmfao im surprised my boss has been so nice to me lately xD
Spending the day doing homework. Unfortunately life is not all fun and games
I hate projects and im getting one every week -.-
Happy Mother's Day,
I had a good day today at skool =)
Yes. $1. Unenforced too. RT : It's only $1 to jaywalk in Boston! That's the best criminal deal going!
for the record, I hate international soccer but that was amazing!! sports are awesome!
ya and now im ready to be done with this stupid game so i can go to sleep we are going to a water park tomorrow
I'm looking for strong Java Engineer that has Spring and would like to learn MongoDB and AWS!! Hit me up at 267-765-6100.
Great time last night at Plfugerville College Fair. Off to Skillpoint Alliance College Fair & BEST College Fair 2nite. Stop by & say hi!
That's too detailed. RT : Official injury report: Bulaga has a knee injury. His return is questionable.
About to get n this nice hot shower and take a nap, b4 Curtis come back, b back later ttyl B-)
haha what do you mean? and nothing, just seeing what was up since we didn't get to hang out this past weekend
Our weekly meeting: today in Philips 414B, 8pm. All the cool kids are doing it.
I can't blame you for being ansty. I would rather be on the beach(well anywhere in Hawaii) than sitting in the airport.
Go check us out on Facebook!
LOL i love it when u talk dirty!!
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes...
Philly folks: We have a huge pile of books that we have to give away or throw away. Don't let that happen! Come on Saturday for free books!
while my parents are screaming at my sister im just sitting here talking to my friend all like "yep unicorns are fantastic"
Olivia Serie V Torpedo 6x56 is a fine smoke.
I wish the evidence of a fight had been released much earlier. That said, I maintain you answer a fist with a fist, not a gun.
Lol I know. One game at a time. We definitely have the momentum in this series.
Faith Desire Persistence=Success
Nation is under pressure to figure out how to do more with less. But no limit on ideas... community energy. Anne Haddix
I didn't realize how much I like my toes until I spent a week unable to feel the little ones. I miss you, guys. Please come back.
Joseph & Vanderpool goes live! After soft launching in 2010 we now proudly build and manage brands all over the Nashville area.
Suck it, Creen. “: UK's highly ranked, lets hope fans don't rush field. “TomCreen: UK comes to Bloomntn to play IU... In Baseball"”
We need to come to understand that we are a Judaism, the Judaism that honors Yeshua.
thanks for coming! More #YPWeek events in your future?
2012 Los Angeles International Flamenco Festival. Let's do this, support flamenco!
NFL is all posted from 160 cappers today with 10 consensus also consensus on Bowl with UNR and Over tonight...See ya @ the window
We are buddies now.
Me Home Alone = Loud 1D Music (;
Ps...And I did get my great cups of coffee today, too..lol..BAMM "THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER" Becoming a Legend.
maybe it's not too important to do -____-
I know.. love you too!
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
...hoe's find it yet some how i dont seem to mind it" -j. cole. come threw all my sexy ladies!
Its because of your grammar. RT : Y'all hoes think y'all have hella followers bc y'all tweets good . No you're just a cute face
Feed back!!! Damn spell check
I keep up Data Capture Systems Graphics knows how 2 use a bike message had to do it to learn my product #pagercodes EZ View
Very disappointed. Had to lock my account, at least for now. Just got inundated with 30 new followers, each one stranger than the last.
RT: Looks like is rubbing off on all of #TeamBlake! RT if you're loving all the country twang happening.
At work and it's a mad house tonight...
No, Where u been ?!
Asheley Smith on dance crazes and technological reproduction. A la Benjamin, what is lost and gained in the process?
New design idea's in the making get hype people
I'm wondering if the word 'heap' belongs anywhere on a menu.
yes -- page after page of select all, skim and delete! made it easy for the most part
thanks for the great show. Can't wait for the MidWinter beer fest on Feb 19th
And their fucking slogan is "city folk just don't get it"
Why are students not buying what we're offering?
& tell my TOG peeps I said, Hello! I miss u guys!
had some big minutes in that first half, enjoy tonight and the next few days.
Maybe the universe is trying to tell you something about that Bears jersey...
can i get a follow please my brotha??!!!
Find out what University of Kentucky Police plan to do for the Georgetown YMCA after a lost gun resulted in the cancellation of a...
#MusicFlow till I K.O.. Night twitter. (:
Irritated bored!!!
how long did it take you to learn the saggy pants sketch??? :D lol
How did you expect beckett to sound? He just got creamed out there. You would say he didn't care if he sounded happy, too.
watching CMA Country Christmas. You should too!!!
being that its the sox I always have the feeling. But I think we can pull this one off
I was the Organizer & Producer of hosting it was a bonus! & were the Awesome Benefactors *Winks*
or light up cigar with lit money while laughing at them. Guaranteed airtime ;-)
psssshhhhh we're all seeing dj in nyc tonight
#FF brilliant writers
Life is like a box of chocolates!
Our Westside location is relocating! In the interim visit us at UPTOWN! northwest corner of louisiana and menaul!
My ear hot
Sorry should've warned you!
Skip is about to destroy Lebron
the #teaparty is the common sense people's movement!
What color would you like to see on the next generation of Buddy Bike Sport bike equipped with NuVinci drivetrain?
20 minutes till I get to watch
wow, that M.G. Apple Guide is really crazy in retrospect. So much happened to both since then.
Playing stuff off the new album, recorded with hipster producer Rick Ruben. This is why he's seling out ATT instead of Branson.
Wow. I didn't know it was that recent. I would have thought it was before that!
He who hesitates is lost
It would make me the happiest if we decide to kick it tonight <3 [:
Just took my mom to see "Madea Gets A Job" Truly something special!!! I love the play and he is truly inspirational! :)
trying to enjoy my "spring" break, but with temps in the 40s....it's a stretch!
I know right...haha
joys of home ownership: i now have a recurring appointment in Outlook for "Trash Night"
Spring break starts tonight!! <3
thank YOU for supporting the EFF! And happy reading!
is excited about Beijing!
Ok get that $$$$$ tho I feel yu on that... I work nights an be tired as hell, I'm at home bouta make me sum noodles lol
I've been on this computer networking all day, now it's bed time for me. Good night every one.
That would explain a lot.
the wifis are back! thank you for fixing everything!
Hi! I can send you a link tomorrow.
We are signed up for #CreativeCloud #CS6 and we can't wait for it! *Drooling*
Is It gonna be on 106 too?
This is CHAOS I wannt food >>>>watching food network to ease the pain <<<<
No rumor. Visiting in Feb with a goal to move by summer.
IEPPal News - 4. The price of IEPPal RIGHT NOW is $97.50/year when you purchase a two year license.
damn u suck :(
''I wanna go on a diet..lets go to McDonalds!''
Why is YOLO popular all of a sudden? Was there seriously a problem of people thinking we lived twice?
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! www.800printingnyc.com
can anybody tell me how to make tumblr gifs and video gifs ? lol
RT : such interesting stuff! Learned a lot including what a marconigram is.
what's up erd, long time no see how's life?
So hows everyone?
En route to to pick up our new allotment
at grandmas <3
Puerto Rican, Mexican, and most European douches feel the need to drive shitty cars fast. Why is this?
Whoa my back hurts. Yesterday was so silly!
All hands on deck at Legends 102.7!!!!
My art: I limit my ability to determine results so I may only play freely within given sets of options. It's like life just deliberately so.
Man oh man this is going to be a long week.
LOVE YOU 2..
1/2: "A writer’s brain is full of little gifts, like a piñata at a birthday party."
Shoot! Just got spammed by hundreds of non real no profile pic twitter followers. What should I do? Can block them all one by one!
Delta is a racket. $25 for a checked bag. $4.95 for internet for an hour. Free Club Soda though.
roll my weed on it, thats an ass-tray.
next time? i think.
Lukas! I've been wondering about you but couldn't find you. I was misspelling your name. You don't use this much, do ya? ;)
Close game at Miller Park tonight against the Chi-town Cubs. Go Brewers!
The rain seems to have cleared up in Point Loma, so our Sunday morning football games are still on today!! Hope to see everyone out there!!
Word. It's good straight up.
is opening on Tues May 8 during dinner only. It will be open Tuesday-Saturday. No posted menu quite yet....soon!
Mostly because I feel dumb when I realize they're not actually talking to me! :(
heyy, long time no see..how you been?
RT to win: : : is giving away 10 copies of PhotoAlbums+ for #iPhone & #iPad via - #Cydia required
I bet you're not as good at typos as - he's like an expert on them :)
It would be easier to see pull out feasible if there was better national leadership a la India.
RIP Whitney Houston. Amazing talent and voice.
wow we needs to talk ASAP
RT Fun relay team names: Donner Party 2012, We Don't Give a Split, Chix with Pumped up Kix, & Yukon-do-eet (yes you can!).
Nobody? Okay that's cool, I guess..
I'm pretty sure I have butter all over my face....
u b dying in ur sleep
Morning, How are you?
In LA and off to meetings! Are you on my list?
Boise, ID.
Haha I used to feel the same way (major thanks to Jim George) and then one day I fell in love with Geno Malkin
Thanks for posting St. Anthony-Huntington---I'm really enjoying your videos.
I put up a front so everyone can see how happy I am but it's a front I've put up so long that I feel as though I actually believe this front
If I put pussy on my shirt for One Direction's concert, would that be inappropriate?? Lol
i've hit a wall, nothing left in the tank...not even fumes.
#i'msorrybut open toed boots are plain stupid to me. can you describe anything more pointless?
I love social media!!! It is a bridge, connecting people all over the world! Don't underestimate it's power for good!!!
yeah! It got cut from the pcpa production I was in :( sad for no black unitard.
good!! we will have to keep trying no matter how long it takes!!
Silly humans, time doesn't change even if you all decide to adjust your clocks at once.
Hey ! #model portfolios, #events, #fashion, some #editorial, #wedding, #corporate. We do a lot of one on one
Do you represent one health ins plan or multiple co's? 1 of 15 questions you ask when buying health ins? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Beat port, give me a reason to spend my tax refund!
that would be a negative haha her butt freaks me out It's TOO big :(
Joseph Kony needs to go to hell
I can, What do you want it to say?
Everything else is looking smooth
"You didn't have to stoop so low, now you're just somebody that I used to know" Can't get that song out of my head for some reason!
I think would see it as a little bit of his responsibility to get the guy ready. Much better man than Favre
FREE 10" Pokey stick, w/ any order over $7 at Gumby's Pizza!. Only w/ a
hope that Eugene Huang can attend our demo of the new citability video annotation tool April 11 4-6 part of DCcodeathon.com
careful, they'll call you racist for that one
Trust no one but yourself. <3
RT : I don't think you were kidding, I think you're just trying to cover up now..
Really fucking stressed out right now.
Twitter is like alcohol. More than 2 a day makes you an twittaholic. I'm sorry friends, it's the cold hard truth
Hide turds around the house RT : what's your favorite thing to do when isn't home?
This will get us all where we want to go: "Confidence will get you the job, hard sells are for people who came in second."
"You bastards! Give me back my hand!" Priceless
If someone is talking about committing suicide, you shouldn't say they just want attention. You don't know what goes through their minds.
Still looking for small batch brewer to pair their brew with our porchetta sandwhich. Reach out if you're that brewmaster!
We've been working on a dozen new videos, they should be ready soon...
; Don't you dare look out your window, Darlin' Everything's on fire.<3
he said they can be punished by death. Um, that doesn't mean hate? Also, freedom of speech doesn't apply
im being a greek goddess too =)
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse
"Mean Joe Greene" ref with Jet was underrated line of the day
No worries. What's the week after that look like? We're pretty flexible - any day y'all might be interested in.
nice! That's when you know it'll be great night
Heard Slash, Steven & Duff of the original Guns N' Roses performed at the Rock N' Roll Hall Of Fame! Lookin' forward to seeing some footage!
At end of rope on arguing on this subject. If you "hate" or "don't get" Steely Dan, all I can do is sigh. Some of you will get it one day...
Had a boring week
happy free comic book day! go get some free comics, then buy some from your local retailer.
Great day at #sleo2012 Excellent papers and great concerts One more day to go.
Hit The Lights is performing at the Marianas Trench show here in June!!! That day just got even better if possible.
RT Look, jail's not so bad, Lindsay. You can even take classes there now. I'd start with "Acting."
And that was with a register, I bet.
It felt like recital went by so fast! Hasn't hit me that it's all over...but it'll suck when it does.
Does Justin Bieber look like most lesbians? Or, do most lesbians look like Justin Bieber?
frisky diane fishing would be amazing-er.
