So..tired..can't type..falling asleep..Goodnight twitter!
NEXT TIME YOU SEE ASPEN GREEN TELL HER I SAID HI!!!!! Hahahaha
I can never hold myself back.
Ralph Waldo EmersonWhen a fellow says it hain't the money but the principle o' the thing, it's th' money
No jobs “: Move to WI... RT : And we're still bankrupt: IL income taxes jump nearly 32%, second-highest in nation"
Let your readers know that will also engage this conversation tomorrow on behalf of positive youth leaders!
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and #guybelieber! 4
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over...
Hi ! Interested in joining us this Sunday 5/13 to serve up something sweet during our Mother's Day festivities?
do all-girls schools have boys bathrooms?
RT : Welcome to our special guest today for #AECSM: Ron Worth, #SMPS National ()
New Jersey- Jersey Corn
random much?
"You've got a smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God everyday, that you keep that smile..."
Not everyone who holds a camera, is a photographer!
Live at Blazers-Lakers coming up on at 6 pm. Blazers call this a statement game.
The Truth Gone Hurt You
2,000th tweet. Not that I'm counting...
So pumped for this video!
I want fish & chips!
#Rockies killer Freddie Freeman does it again with 3-run shot to right field off Nicasio.
because I've thought long and hard about it and it will take something intense to make it happen. So we have to discuss it
Thanks! Happy to hear it! Love the Lazer Frenzy!
We love it! So much.
About to head out for lunch but don't know what to get...
You gotta put yo guard down or else you can't get mad that you won't ever get that feeling again...
#word RT : Punt > interception!
Can I be your plus one?
And I'm not just speaking about Kevin Turner guys...
Chap lips = very painful
Looking at the beautiful people living the beautiful life in this beautiful world
Watching old Moses and Rameses!!
The theme of the party was 1920s. It reminded Meghan of prohibition. Correct? Almost done!!
Looking for something to do while the internet is dark? Come down to the store and buy some comics!
So two of my favorite people on the planet conversing? Is this what I've been missing while I was gone? xoxox
Probably bipolar o/c
Want to take this time to say "THANKS" to all those who have subscribed to the Cenantua's Blog FB page so far!
Happy Birthday Em!!
Whoever You Like Is Veryy Lucky!!!!!
we killed it last night... it went all the way down...
Delighted to hear that provides downloadable backups of your site so you don't have to run any resource-hog plugins.
Sorry guys, just got back from a meeting. I get #thatdelightfullist in digest (1/2)
i think you're right. After i sent the tweet, i realized my mistake. Thanks for following, though, and join #lxchat next monday.
love the reverse jinx
i'm jealous!!! Please tell me you're gonna post something about it on your blog later. :P
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
There's a Chinese version of Google. It's called Googre.
Thank you and for keeping me up till 2AM.....ha (:
Ugh. Practice in a little bit. /: 
Is that D for disaster?
Today should be very interesting
You stand beside me even threw my dark days. I love you more than you'll ever know in this life time <3
what hurts?
#wiunion MT NONE judged for the clueless shit they did in HS. Clueless shit they say and do as ADULTS, however
is a pro at awkward situations #imslightlyjealous 😝😏😁😳
Lighting controls can make an unoccupied home look occupied and can light a path for entry into the home
Best tweet ever.
Word. RT : You know you studied good this week when mentions you on
One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
lmao...awww geez ma, why did u have to go and say that, lol
How many of you would love to be able to use a pendulum to get yes or no answers to all of your questions of any types? Pendulum Power!!!
Love is letting someone else eat your French fries and not making them give you anything in return. Romans as interpreted by youth.
Come on Yanks!
sounds like Forever My Lady video?
U know I'm an old lady so I put it together better lol.
that, my friend, is called a lapse of judgement! I'm entitled to at least 2/yr. At least I STILL got my GI Joe cuts happenin!
ok shout out to our 100th follower ! so everyone go and follow
lol scratch that . does anyone want anything in the morning ?
I need to meet him. Pronto.
best to send samples to
what are the congrats for? Congrats!!
Step 5: Share the Budget: Make budget range clear. Plan ahead w/ phased approach and percentages
tired but on the verge of greatness everyday. Im doing a lot of traveling and getting interviews with lots of musicians! U?
VW favors Mexico for Audi plant Volkswagen Group is leaning toward building a factory in Mexico for its premium Audi brand. The parent co
Didn't take long to encounter today's first Dumbass
www.kingoffitteds.com New Rochester Red Wings Fitteds in Custom Colors.....
I hear the same thing :-) Will I see you at #drupal4gov on May 18, too?
": Why can't the state of NC have 3 Nike teams? NC is one of the biggest hotbeds for talent" G Road, We All In!
NATE did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
Tryin to get comfortable in this little ass chair- not workin
Normal flirting: Hey cuite ;) ... Me: Hey, if you were a lemon, you would be a nice looking lemon. :)
Everything taste good with Nutella EVERYTHING O.O
The last time McGrady was relevant enough to be a TT we were still using MySpace.
ugh, darwin you're so gay.
its only a matter of time ! Can't wait !
move to wichita and you'll see it in the next 24 hours i'm sure!!
I never get political on Twitter. This is a sincere Q abt how ppl make decisions. What is it about Gingrich that voters are responding to?
working on my neighbors... and i'll try to stop by the campaign office on my way home today to see what i can do.
I see that!! lol I missed you Flash!!
nanny nanny boo boo stick your head in doo doo. that's what goes through my head every time I win and argument I love winning
oh nice! Live right?
hey are you at work right now? I might stop by.:)
Hey Everyone How Are Yall Doing?
Elise please do explain: WTF was a pillow gonna do, should called back up *shame*
RT Parents and their advice
Babies crying, people coughing. The old plane song & dance.
Tune in NOW to catch Friday's show with on .
no... How much ? And i feel so short...
Leave it to Seager “: Kyle Seager with his second homer of the night ties the game, 4-4”
does anyone know of an app for droid for accessing Novell GroupWise email?
Downloading right now. Best way to end this Monday night. :]
you are welcome! Hope you can try one of our tortas or salads soon! Have a great day :)
great activation
Good night <3333333333 :)
& that was another edition of.......... HARRY STYLES: HAIR APPRECIATION(;
aw shucks Con you're so sweet.
thanks for the follow...looking forward to learning more about BiaoSkincare!
Good night all! Please keep following and tell your friends to follow as well! You will hear a lot a bout us soon!
"hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season! Now, please don't ask why"
#PantherFest #Uwm www.bitchimfrom.com get the sweater was rocking on stage 2night
Hey, it's healthier not to keep track. But I bet you'll remember 40 ;)
Our Daily Deals are now LIVE! Visit our website daily to receive up to 80% off 5 random items. Products will change daily at 12:01am CST.
Four bridges from the dock
I have a allot to do going to attack my list . Got to push through lol I have motivation zero
I have found my favorite online word game ever. This is not unambiguously good.
Starting a 5-10 NL. Come play. Call (702) 770-7654 to add your name to the list.
Looking forward to this 3-12 shift
Best way to get over someone, is to STOP trying. Let the feelings leave when theyre ready.
It's digital image database time. Not as catchy a tune as peanut butter jelly time, alas.
My essay on Jeanette Winterson's career & "Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?"
save u from wat????
Have a Safe Halloween!
yeah they are, theyre open all year round?
says If you know you have given your very best, then the very best will surely come."
I did just that. Thank you! We had a great time :)
SYMMETRY then PRO TOOLS 10
thank you! She was fun and inspiring to create =)
that's fantabulous, she has her panties in a bind.
No problem. I like the look. It's very soft (on skin tones) and spreads the light around nicely. Good luck!
So...my brother has been in town since Friday...wish he'd fucking leave already! I would have preferred to have my nuts cut off than c him
RT : I'm pretty sure I just saw a hobbit fall out of 's beard. // just building my legacy.
Prom was a blast but let's be honest, I'm ready to get the after party going. 🎉
I don't know how true that is. Does it have to become "safe"? Will "safer" be acceptable?
Nothin' but Sunshine & Santa... Anas! Here in America's Finest City it's all about Hi Wind Advisories 2day thru Sat. Temps Mid 60's. Merry!
What a beautifu blue the sky is today!
10 sounds LAZY...
I just realized what this tweet said! I'm sorry about that, but you're right there are better things out there.
There is one place no one but you can look. That is what you truly are. That is you. I recommend looking there!
So very sorry to hear this sir...... but I understand. Thank you for your service.
Wall Street demonstrators can become a presidential political force against the Dem-Repubs, or they can be co-opted by one of those doofuses
I love it that's hot u look beautiful
haha no it wasnt about you :P
Dallas did there thing tonight now let's finish this thing out
That's funny cause I'm washing dishes!
I don't know your situation and it's none of my business anyway, but it's best to live by yourself.
Just booked a trip to NJ for the weekend. I love surprise last minute trips!
I tweeted you but without mentioning your account, just the "Mo" part lol
is celebrating Black History Month. Look for our weekly meal specials, starting on Monday Feb.6
you better!:)
... & u won't hve those unsightly razor bumps nor the grow-back itch. It's also time to get those raggedy ends trimmed & a deep conditioner.
Why are people riding their bikes in the snow?
you got it man! And thank YOU for checking us out!
I HATE that your tweets are limited ugh...........GOODNIGHT or GOODDAY wherever you hope your haveing a good time
Making Pumpkin Pie's
Hope the Bulls and lil' John can get that win tonight
Call it "The Players Curse". LOL
when you accidentally use the term girlaaaa in LA. that's awkward.
What the hail?
spoiler alert: Dumbledore dies in the sixth book.
Got an RMA tattoo today.
Get out! RT So Nora is doing double duty in Llanview and LA.
lol well now he know
way to ruin my imagination 😨🔫
RT : The 3 Es of #content: Entertaining, Educational, Economic
oh but you can, and I did.
Still morning here, so good morning!
Some of the BEST yng actors in the world to
I knew you would
Attending Global Sales Mtg to get the latest in #elearning and #talent management
Gen.2:18 Man needs a wife. Every benefit is more appreciated more fully if it arrives after its need is felt
That lone white dude on TNT halftime report....is kind of a legend
... It's cool, u can just be on punishment for a while
RT : we ll see you then Pork tongue tacos is what's in order for tues
There are certain evenings that I have official obligations so I am not as free w/ my time. Sunday is the killer though...
Good morning, Anita! How are you doing today?
no you have the official business card, I did however write on his fan Facebook page :)
balling tomorrow?
wait...if I google it and find out it was 3 does it sill count? Sarazen, Maggert, Devlin. :)
me too i seem to wake up feeling way better then i did before i took it
I am so sorry. : you should have come out.
IUPUI faculty: don't forget- grades are due tonight at 8 p.m. EST! Contact us if you have questions: 274-1300.
summer must be coming... all I wanna eat is BBQ
How does it feel not knowing if you'll ever be able to stand without pain again?
We all need to grow. I'd like to learn from the President about how to keep humor & remain unflappable in the face of lunacy or obstruction
- I have to have lunch with the honorary board today, and give a presentation about what I do. Do you still love my job?
Space Cowboy. Astro Dude. Star Polk.
RT": I woke at 7 something like i had school -.-"
I've been waiting at #bankofamerica for 45 minutes just trying to get a new debit card.
The SAT Essay Doesn&#39;t Gauge Student Writing Ability
:A 15 year old girl who is terminal w/ cancer has made a bucket list.One of her wishes is to trend on Twitter.
Mr. C....pipe down over there! haha
STFU at this Martin episode where Gina's head is stuck in the head board. LMFAO!
You want world peace? Replace Oxygen with Helium. Now tell me, who could stay mad at someone that sounds like a Chipmunk, right?
I don't think I've watched idol more than once this season. I've watched 2 or 3 of Jessica's performances and she's really great.
This has been the longest week. Just want it to be Friday
When someone you were once very close to now becomes someone you barely if not at all talk to<<<
#ITHANKGOD for not having to worry about where my next meal will come from or where I will sleep tonight... GOODNIGHT EVERYONE!
thank you for the #follow!
oh be quiet lol
10yrs to day of Practice rant and w/AI prematurely out of NBA it's more obvious than ever: There's more to being pro athlete than just games
thanked for following :)
What a turn. Goodwin's very speedy toes land out of bounds on long pass play from end zone. Now, Cal's got it in great field position.
whys that? one of my faves. Then again, outside of the Stadium, my fave is upper deck dodger stadium for grilled dodger dogs
Gym time
I love seeing grown adults boogieing down like everyone is 16 again! Winter Dance Party
don't be. If they let girls play for the Knicks u would bring them a ring home. SHEEEENNNNNNNAAAA for 33333333!! Swish.
Can Monday come any sooner?
Out of towners who want to come to Emilio at the end of the month, we've got places for you to stay here in Portland... :)
PickUpLine: Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Brenna says: But what about my knee??
Absolutely! I will DM you.
Some guys r just down rite ADORABLE😜☺☺😊
oh is that the secret?
Thanks for entering our #KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway! So, what'd you have to eat ???
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Attention Whores.
RT Ichiro= cheap hit per Tom Grieve<<that what he do.
Why does this ALWAYS happen?
Noticed some problems during halftime. It should be back up and running now.
Mission accomplished! :)
311 Day Night one coming within the hour :)
Great meeting today with from discussing admission into
You stole this cheesecake that is wrong!
o lol we start thursday=/
I never did get that damn jar open. I hate how it mocks me.
I will never visit if you have a cat
Every time U suppress some part of yourself or allow others to play U small, U are ignoring the owner's manual your creator gave u. -Oprah
how do you feel about flava flav? :)
used to be a trainer there, thanx!
Don't know where we are headed, but I'm happy to follow where He leads
Congrats on the win last night!
I will. Nothing too exciting yet though
I'm going to kill my coworkers. Ignorance is not bliss. Its annoying.
Which came first? The time or the tardis?
yup.another thing to add to the list of things we love about them!
Things are FINALLY starting to look up.
then i hate to admit how much fun i'm having lol
For The Children.
YES OMG GRAB IT FOR ME and I"ll call you back in just a few!
so you look too huh?
Group Hits 'Antibusiness Feeling' in India
Great big shout out to the associates at randforce from #thatcamp columbus
Girl Scout alumnae are 14% more likely to vote than non-alumnae.
you are as excited as I am!
oh haha I'm not going to mine either!
What genre would you label us as?
Check out Dream Girl-Tay ft Teezy and H.Q. on YouTube also add him on Facebook Taby Tay Scott and follow him on Twitter
The #Hawks couldn't hit the wooden floor if they fell off the freakin bench.
Also, every store under construction makes a not-so-subtle joke about "getting work done" on its sign.
also someone bought the movie rights to it already. talk about one x-rated movie!
make my life. Might unfollow every1else unless they fill my TL with balls and office ladies. Freak show>everything else.
ah, you won't get unlimited then
Wonderful new album "Oltreoceano" by bassist Andrea Veneziani features some wonderful piano work by Kenny Werner.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Pushing yourself to work out is alot harder than i realized
Maybe if I was a girl who wore barely any clothes, and posted body shots by the pool then my instagram would get thousands of followers? :)
#PGA Parking Lot A was rented from the megachurch.
meanwhile watch some TV?
I've gotta to wash my hair but today I will close my eyes because I had sprits in my hair !! YIKES
I love going to the Pacific Science Center. I always have so much fun there, and learn so much every time I go! :)
Milk & cereal w/ babe, we're nocturnal.
That annoying moment when you're talking then interrupted & can't remember what you were talking about.
thank you for following! Happy Friday!
I seriously hate getting ditched.
let me guess. It was Kashmir! You go sell out Jimmy Page. Fuck that, the Godzilla sondtrack rocked!!
sick. look forward to it
Stupid h*es get <<<<<<that way
"little mountain rocky.."
Lol>>A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts,his neighbor's an asshole,his bestfriend's a pussy & his owner beats him.
Checked in your county of any older folks who need to get registered & need a ride? Setup #VOTE B mail
2011 Come to Alliance session on Connecting Communities at 9:45 in 102AB!
Practice only makes perfect if it is based on accurate feedback.
Feeling the love from Hollywood! FF back to , the keepers of the good weather.
WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM
lol ima make u one , u gone melt
cmon pack it up. lets go!
Whales are way better than Goldfish.
Damn my dog just hit TF outta his head on this coffee table
Life is so precious...
I just love the nessler blackledge combo
im mader then a blind man at a silent movie
do you have an e-mail I can reach out to about your affiliate program? I can't find one on your site! Thanks :)
lmfao u know it;)
Are twitter are twitter shit is official
“: Magic Johnson! Man, if you can just take away that HIV, this guy has had an awesome career.” dudes the MVP of HIV
Hey Lou follow me :)
Ball game! #Brewers thump the Cubs 8-2! Brewers lead the season series 5-1!
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
Nikon user myself and I was repulsed by that status. Got to love marketing.
“: “: #Aquarius has a stimulating but frictional relationship with: #Cancer, #Virgo””
ill have to check. I want too! But I may have to switch shifts cause of our choir concert and I may be going to that dinner.
1 MORE PERSON FOLLOW !! SHE FOLLOWS BACK
Alcohol And Health Insurance Don't Always Mix - NPR (blog)
": Another nice comeback win for the #Orioles." Mr Reimold>CLUTCH!
THIS IS SO SAD. STOP IT!
Power naps...👌
we won't have free time to be eating corn dogs at night
I see they pullin out out the stops today in the dunk contest
Newt FTW!
long beach sweet 16...remember that tweet
I appreciate that :-)
Really excited to see at rainfest. Beyond pumped.
new particle cannot be detected directly too unstable to be registered by detector BUT the detector measures with great accuracy ---huh?
nobody wanna ball.
CAMS!!! Slap that ask and were off to da moon!!!
lol i like how half my timeline is "JKFDSAKJFDA 1D YAY" and then there's this other half that's like"WTF 1D JUST NO"
Check out SPLreports.com for tonight's LIVE 6p broadcast.
Dev's team just moved up to 21 and is gonna take Chandler Jones.
How does any school veto a Bill that further protects kids against bullying and harassment?
the girl that asked you to sign that is VERY brave haha wow.
Writing is going well. We're working on a few prospects :-)
Judge Melisa Skinner says prosecutors can play the video as long as they don't ask mom to recount the same thing. Getting cumulative.
No Rondo and the Celts still win and now Josh Smith might miss some time. Philly stuns the Bulls and Toronto walks off the Rangers-wp
Lol at Madonna. She thinks she's 16 that she could do all of that and make it look good. Madonna is 53.
We still good in my book though
thanks! How's your weekend going?
small business opportunities
Time for me to get bck on the field.... I like cgeering for the opposing team its always so entertaining ;p
So save that knight in shining arthur bull shit for those soft ass broads. I didn't even come at you like that
I just booked The Lowe's job and shoot this week!!!!!
This is why this is the greatest sport in the world folks!
#youcandobetter if u have a boyfriend wit no hairline and you put me to the side
A rare night out for onbrad so we're partyin for !! was kind enough to show too. Leggoooo
Working my first wedding today! I'm so excited that I don't even care that it'll be a 14 hr shift!
Lowkeyy I know that just irritated her...
frankieeee gimme a shout out bruh, NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!;)
Apology accepted.
Halloween Tomorrow ! So Excited :D <3
follow back? :)
On my way to Ohio! Can't wait!!!
Carmelo is clutch.
happy valentines day austin!! How was the consert, I'm sorry I wasn't able to watch!! My mom said no cuz I went to teen hoot!
Made my flight. On to Denver for 4 days with my mentor, 25k a month adsense earner, & CEO of snap in media, Cary Bergeron!
Just fell back down to Earth....
Tori Hunter mouthing "wow" after Ibanez's HR is amazing.
I haven't seen Desperate Housewives in years. Me: "That person's old!... And she's old!... Old!"
It feels so good to be with my second family!
We're looking for the next great staffers at the #roots12 job fair today. Come say hi!
#Aries don't want to compromise, or negotiate, or intellectualize; they want the sport of getting what they can't have.
about 5000 miles give or take. But then there's the season tickets I've had for 20 years
R.I.P Adam Yauch aka MCA if the Beastie Boys may you fight for your right to party forever!
I've been intrigued by the style of the garb, music, fiction, etc. What show?
I wish would follow me. I also wish for a plate of spaghetti. I wonder which one will happen first...
Out of town guests this weekend. Made tasty brunch but petered out before I made any pancakes. Smoothies, eggs, fruit salad--good enough.
Plus, launched his website recently. It's "big picture". Captures **everything** Jelani-related in 1 place. Savvy move
Thanks! What are you up to this morning/afternoon?
Ugh I can't sleep, HMU
Filed under Game Tester Job Openings by Doree on May 28th, 2011
RT : What does it mean that I google something and my blog post comes up at the top?<Means that you did a great job on that post!
Our video interviews are meant to inspire the community. What have you seen lately that inspired you?
#madmen prediction: yes, Pete Campbell will commit suicide...but he'll jump out the window, spin, and happen to land, comfy, in an armchair.
Holy hit All my Speakers in my car! THIS IS AMAZING!!! Its a miracle!
Imagine if NCAA had a "Rooney Rule". Wonder how EEO advocates will greet Petrino's hire, even if short term?
Ramos Gin Fizz anyone ?
Still waiting for the Ted Danson Mary Steenburgen sex tape.
A city I've never been >>>
nothing im okaai its okaai i guess.?|':
It's my lucky day! I just won a $50 gift card to Leonards.. I never win anything!
Wanna get some jamba tomorrow.. Who wants to come?
everybody wave!
Looking for the ideal furniture to stage a movie set? Our vast selection of rental furniture will give you the right style just for...
RT/ I like your music, just bought Cabin Fever on itunes.
If you have to scream, yell or nag you already lost your authority-youre a sinking ship
The Linc is a great stadium. I worked there 4 a bit. I wonder if your seats will block view of the MASSIVE video screen.
... Thanks for stopping by -- be sure to let me k ow when you come by again. I owe you at least A drink.
Turning nerdy pencil pushers into big weight pushers! #FF Have a great weekend!
it's fine. Haha
Wow. RT : in today's era ... Amazing. RT “: Verlander 50th straight start 6+ innings. Only others: Gibson,Carlton,Hunter
YAYA 31.5K FOLLOWERS!!!! Oh and by the way, HAPPY 13th ANNIVERSARY!!!!! May you always be happy & #godbless you both!
no rush!
yeah, now me and Niall aren't the same, he would never say, "I'm not hungry anymore". Lol. :) but we still love him. :)
I stay on my grind, fuck a day off.
what should I expect for free? (I know sometimes I have to click things in fb twice) thanks for the feedback my friend.
You have very large breasts. I mean, wow. They're magnificent.
Awake blah tired.
I'm about to like, collapse.. ugh.
don't party too hard...if I'm not there! ; )
Wow, was cleaning a fish tank and discovered one of the tetras was still doing well. Congrats little guy! You've earned new friends.
Who wants either a chocolate or a vanilla cupcake??
So very very not used to having to be out the door before 8am in grown-up clothers.
Its early still!.!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great weekend!
And if this were a regular race, he would have had it. His car was too good. I hate super speedways.
how much are the playoff 12s going to be
going to this class is so pointless cos I don't understand shit and literally just sit here and go on twitter
I just want
They used to double up on Sausage races.
Alliance of Illustrators just got a new member!
ready... PANIC.
I'll take that bet ?? What's up
So close, but yet so far. We are the same age isnt that crazy.
..do you know the plot? IT'S ABOUT A GIRL WHO WANTS 100 FUCK BUDDIES. WAT
Revise, revise, revise.
he's just alright :-)
Hey Brother (bias) lol, and Papertrails I love that shit
I am living in NYC now. I am actually going to grab lunch with Mimi some time this week! I moved here to do a show.
Now Google video chat needs to add-in multi-person video chats (like Skype has, like Google Hangout has)... That would be killer.
So sad I have to miss dinner at La Merenda with the girls tonight :( Being sick is stupid.
Is that in Charleston?
"How you not gonna cut girl I'm me."
on at 10: we talk to , the creator of a new online project to help find Lauren Spierer
my names Natasha. One of you please remember it. Troy forgets it. Alot.
Wow! Zynga will take that game over the top!!
Thanks for posting our #Hammerstep videos on your website Have you seen our videos yet?
I've got some nice brews from the west coast to share with you!
I think next Saturday or Sunday work for us, too.
lol if you could handle it then so can I buddie!
If you're not driving with your windows down today you are not normal
Actually, I'm not sure how many political grind bands are following my twitter these days
Were still waiting for the correct answer to yesterdays question...
RT : Cleveland: gig fiber in poor neighborhood has raised property values, created waiting list to move in
Big Z is still playing? I don't think you're going to get a title this year big fella. How long will he stay to get one?
well, i guess it's as a good a night as any to stay in and code some shit.
I will always love you!
I love eating squash even though it looks like baby food.
Catching up on #auddev chat. Lots of great tweets and ideas! your survey link did not work. Would love to check it out.
the baseball app will be available end of March. Continue with your drafts on the other sites but manage all from our site then
Work till 7 am damn i miss my bed
delaware treat nigga like a king.
*~cnt wait till the #1Girl Tour in Detroit comes it needs to come quick yo.... !!!!!!!!!~*
I'm almost home! 
We did that...now we wait...*sings Jeopardy music*
where did you catch it? I assumed you saw the same "showing" I did, or a repeat later. Maybe hotel channel label was wrong.
SO excited for Beyonce and Jay-Z!! What a great way to cap off a great performance!!!
The sun never rises nor sets. It is only our observance that dawns upon the horizons, perceiving nature to be unnatural
“: REALLY craving a Pepsi Clear or an All Sport drink right now” heard!!!
ty, following you all!
I'm one of his million fans but just cant tolerate some people, like they could walk on that field and do better. 👎
hee hee awesome. Well I miss you. Wish you would come back!!
imma call back
i dont speak with people that don't believe me.
im finee o:
MY SISTER WON'T STOP FARTING OMG
Time for flower watering and an evening stroll
JUSTIN'S LIKE THE ONLY WHITE GUY THERE, CAN'T MISS HIM. SRRY CAPS :D
. see y'all in a little bit at the salsa reception for #ntc!
just joking BELIEBER FOR EVER shhh...
This is awesome. MT :Once told undrafted FA we would sign him for $1k. Said he didn't have it but could get it. Said no, we pay it
#YOLO = You Only Lariat Once. Any other meaning is meaningless.
My brain knows that #NRAShow tweets by all you lucky Chicagoans aren't about rifles, but hasn't stopped me from being confused every time :)
Good lol Just let me know when! :))
Wait, there is a DIFFERENT Twitter account for television articles??
We get the feeling you're not the only one. Especially in this city.
Just passed my dissertation defense! I'm now Dr. Sexton!
I miss my gf. But she moves here in 9 days!!
Q2 Show outcomes of previous surveys, explain clearly why you need feedback
Note to self: Don't fuck with Bo Ryan. MT The #Badgers have now blocked the entire ACC from Jarrod Uthoff's transfer list.
around the world! Great to see WW1 progress there--big ideas cooking around here too!
So laying down with khloee and all she is doing is hitting my face. How nice
thanks boo!
Most couples have a song, but me and my girlfriend have a band. Thank you so much for being so amazing and we love you! :)
what promo that would be for her! but you are probably right she will not!
I'm good...still @ work, dreaming of my condo, TV, my Keurig, and my smoke that's waiting for me lol! And you? You in Miami?
every time i see you get hate i cry a little because you are honestly the loveliest person ever, and liam is so lucky xx <3
Time will tell..
It's been a long day with the weather. Time for some sleep and Tower fun tomorrow.
hey brah invite me
Check it out - top influencers
GET IT!
The official music videos for "STAY THE NIGHT" &"HUNG UP" from 's Soul Food Mix tape coming soon!
The ABC&#39;s of Penn&#39;s ABCS classes
Okay, all of Anthony Davis' teammates have to be a little afraid of getting bitten during their embrace, right?
Ate a few seedless grapes on stage while watching the ballet (in character). Total cure for dry mouth.
Got a case of from for my birthday. Thanks Chief! WOOT!
Watching Glee
Death by duty-free diesel - AsiaOne
Fed. Anti-Drug plan has Feds encouraging Cannabis-user DUI bills like the new one in CO, VOTE for local pols who support mmj!
Yea Justin is wonderful. But nobody would wanna be 1Derful lol
sorry for late reply, computer wuz on ring ding, my next race is in warsaw for cmwc!
So I guess it's more like one week till mw12 and I'm excited/terrified. Probably should have gotten a hotel but it's only a 30 min drive...
I am RT Lol NOBODY is checking for Men in Black 3...nobody
Yay for women in NYTBR whose opintions I so enjoy reading/hearing! MT joining us as our newest editor. Huzzah!
do you want the radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella what's your mp3 email address.
20% off takeout at Eat'n Park on Sunday! We'll cook so you can cheer the Steelers to victory! Print coupon: bit.ly/i2KG43
where are you guys going? I think I'm going to their house tomorrow btw.
I See People Posting About Prom Already... Its Amazing How Fast This School Yr Has Passed... When I Was In School Yrs Felt Like Centuries...
The only real valuable thing is intuition. Albert Einstein
i'm back from and i possibly getting pho without you.
I am the mystery, you will never solve.
Probably because I'm graceful just like a gazelle.
not pointing any fingers, but if you hate american fans, then don't talk to us.
- ;-)) I think you're onto something...
Watched this movie called #Bunnyman last night. It was stupid, kinda funny, slightly predictable, and gruesome. I recommend watching it. :)
eat up!
i wanna learn a thing or two. i just choke or slam ppl when the time comes lol
True Success and Happiness is simply living with unrestrained PASSION...
to bad no body cares to give you one (:
The torture of clay court tennis. Now in bright blue.
Do what the fuck makes you happy! Because at the end, who's there? YOU.
btw - will I be seein' you around the stadium this season...? feels like forever! :) see you soon!!
I think not, baby puppy.
I wish austin would go somewhere other then NY:/ There is so many fans that want to see him from other states:/ Im mean im happy for them..
John Ivison: Air Force stands by its F-35 choice
from 6 to 9 im free
Aw Luz!!! :') You're so fricken awesome!! :) You're so funny and cool!! :)
Conn. native killed in Afghanistan, honor planned
Ditto! I too would LOVE to meet listen to him speak to importance of #play & #recess in education! #playoutdoors =)
Lovely lunch with on a rainy day. Perfect way to lift the spirits!
Hope everyone had an AMAZING time at the show tonight! Honor Society KILLED it! Best show yet!
lol how the crew doin? Tell em I said Wat up mama
Ok so Omegle is such an awesome website.
It's too late we've reached the climax.
Who cares. He got to have his first big league hit called by Vin Scully.
Taylor's house tonight :)
you've been replaced
New vendor! WildCard of Lawrenceville will be bringing kitschy tchotchkes, home decor, accessories to the vintage fair. Follow:
I might have a lead. I'll look into it & get back to you if it's still available.
Gurlll me too!
Boo! Call in sick! RT : The one year me and miss celebrating 420 ...because of work. BO!
corn chowder on a grey day! I agree
great picture of the girls...beautiful!!
Ova who fab . Come on ladies . Classy
GET OVER IT!!
Just woke up!! had so much fun but my hea is about to explode--
what's up we need you
I think I love you . /:
Why yes it is. Wait till you see the fan next week!
I know, right? This is definitely not part of the revenge plan.
it means you like!
Rant rant rant! I hate how Duke is always good?
your score is 21 over par (jrxg4)
-Love me,hate me..but you aint breakin me. But touch me nd its ON..
#sarcasm now trending. brought to you by everyone not marketing right now.
Ha! You got that right
Have a nice Valentine's Day everyone, and don't forget, less than a week away from the best holiday for us history buffs, President's Day!
i just did
Thx Michael, I just got a pink hoodie. So glad Nikki is doing well.
Hitting the gym extra hard tomorrow!💪
Going to the BROWNS GAME!!!!
Awkward silence... "Oh, sorry I've never been called ma'm before" guest says to me.. Haha
Very cool!! Who doesn't need a KegDroid?!
drive safe
On our way to Brian head, Utah for new years and some skiing!
A BtoB magazine poll shows that 62% of marketers are either increasing or maintaining their event marketing budgets for 2012.
should be going on tour with and this spring..they would've made that tour 10x better
are you mocking me nigga??
Our Chillin' and Grillin' contest ends soon! Come in and fill out an entry form to win a grill and other great prizes!
Just got a new pinstripe suit
Loves when the sun is out and shinning!! Recharging the batteries and getting things done... with the top down!
Yes we would!
Good Blessed Morning!
thanks my goal is 7 lbs in one week.
Welcome back :)
you better be able to watch it!!! U gotta watch with me! lol! :D
It's only Tuesday, that's a good enough reason for us to drink!!! So like Bob Barker says, "Come on down!!!"....
Tonight! 9th annual Christmas Eve show at Yoshi's San Francisco! Gonna be lots of fun!
Man in this world...man oh man GOD have mercy on us~ people are so evil; remenber not every1 you shake hands wt are your friends trustno1
Come check out the band Dr. Us. tonight! 930 pm no cover! drink and food specials all night
Not even a MINI Cooper Clubman? Damn!
I dont need friends, I have GOD.
RT RT I am showing a webinar audience how quickly a message can spread on Twitter. Please RT? (via )
CASTING CALL Brad + Rocky in "The Rocky Horror Show". Open calls this Sat, 9/10 10AM-12PM in Fort Lauderdale. Call 954-530-1879 to sign up.
RT let's get Mothers Day Mystery trending, please re-tweet, Happy Mothers Day
Assemblies of God have relsd official disagreement with B.O. stance on gay marriage. Yea! Thank God for their courage.
Are you going to The 86 Club tonight?
This rain needs to go away, water and high voltage flashes don't mix...
Looking for a job? Go to the One-Stop Job & Resource Fair, Tuesday, April 24 at 10am-1pm @ Northeastern Illinois University Student Union!
Thank you for your great Ragnar tips via your blog post. So appreciate it!
I just wanna have fun..
that means it fits 44 uncomfortably. Party at your place!
cool u can come swim over here to:p.
I dont like people
Woah watch out for the couch on the right lanes of the 8-east near hotel circle
I totally agree.
Pernod Ricard SA, may fall in Paris trading should the company fail to increase its profit outlook when it reports earnings tomorrow.
Chilling tired of crazy ppl , ready to move
Okay this is getting annoying now.
i wish would respond to my texts...but she's probably ignoring me.
well I actually just left sultans :) haha
Feel so good from my work out :)
I'm so tired I can't sleep? This sucks.
Salsa Classes Today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Int.:15pm; Adv.6:30pm!
THE THING! Hands down the best special effects in a creature film! Kurt Russel plus John Carpenter is a magic combination!
That's exactly what I had. Meal fit for a mayor
I drank so much last night. I could barely walk. I could surf porn ok, but little more than that. Still struggling with the after-effects.
RT : Need a sampling to get #pcbw started? I will be tonight from 6-8.
Of course! Hope you're doing well <3
Poland Summer Info session Tomorrow! Thursday February 16th at 6pm in 8a Polk Hall entrance more info contact Hanna ()
If you could only see how much you hurt me.
Thanks for posting the article. Nice headline photo!
We should treat absolutely everything as a political story. That's what disaffected voters are looking for.
Don't forget #firstFridays in Multnomah Village!
YAY!!!!! MY SISTER IS GOING TO HAVE A BABY BOY!!!!! :D
Bought an iphone today! Now to go get it switched over to tmobile
you're a babe ;)
Goal: be up and functioning in 5 hours.
just played duo with at hotel preston. great way to pass the storm. time to check the mini disk recording
what you two living together? I know it won't!
Getting started soon for #wherecamptb2012, coffee is ready so get here before the donuts are gone!
And the Robin Ventura era begins. So excited for baseball.
A little depression & the baking bug is awake. Now there's a container of freshly-made Oatmeal Gogi-Berry Chocolate Chunk cookies for Dad.
We know nothing about motivation. All we can do is write books about it. -Peter F. Drucker
Social Business by Design - having your customers at the heart of your business. Like "Pulse" at 3M. (#bsocial12)
Even Popeye didn't eat his spinach until he absolutely had to
RT : W/ more than 140K applicants paying a non-refundable "processing fee" of $11, the marathon took in more $1.5M+ just on apps.
Oh my, is that a class? Is it acceptable for you to give him a hard time? If so, please do...
If you think Chelsea Handler is funny then your name must be Chelsea Handler.
And we danced out there on that empty hardwood floor
guess you didn't "really" miss me!! LOL Happy 5th of May!
cousin!!!! Thanks really appreciate it couldn't have done it without family. Love ya. Proud of you too! Only a few months!
I'm at work early but forgot keys. when are you going to get in today?
Anyone know of an free, open source html editor for Mac that does NOT do the rich text stuff Mac's text editor does?
s/o tu my hommie she helped me stay up lastnight she supa cool
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America! Musicalstop.com !!!!!!!! !
I was surprised to see him as the play byplay guy.
#50liesIwasTold the tooth fairy will leave money u.Der your pilow -.-
Re: Headphone Peds - This underscores the importance of auditory environmental awareness and the dire consequuences of reduced AEA...
that's horrible D: did you already buy your ticket?
UGH!!! So many guys! :P
Good morning.
They had so much in common with my railway mail friends, too. I could have been a Sea Post dog! I did take a mail steamer.
"Lovers in waiting" -: she gets me.
I'm planning on Europe next summer ! :)
Fresh to death righ now got on my new kicks and about to hae a blast with my secound family
Shout out to for the scoop...having a blast working on 'em.
I fux with that old school Usher.
um. YES.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me :)
"haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love" <3 -
Whats up buddy? You up an running?
is tweeting and blogging for clients - how many identifies do I have?
RT : "To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn Vos Savant
Must to check misleading ads: Thomas
I've watched my fair share of NBA games, and I don't know if I've ever seen a team get BEAT DOWN as badly as the Lakers did last night
This thunder and lightening and rain in Htown ain't playing. I should have been at my boo house.
Not going to lie, I was hesitant to follow u back bc your pic is a instagram pic of u and your girlfriend
"You can't take a black man's kool-ade!" - Ice T on Live with Kelly *face palm*
I'm 11 :3 And I'm doing amazing! Going to school :P
thats whats up, no red. Canon c300 looks nice, so does the mark I , still rocking the 550d though.
what are you doing tonight?
you're gonna make me cry
Theres just some album versions of songs that just arent good...
Discussing ideas for community partnerships.
OMG Melody!!! That guy doing ur hair is Larrys cousin Steve!!! Tell him we say hi!!! U look gor-gee-ous :0
thanks for the tweet! We'll see you at the spontaneous streak this week. Remind me you tweeted at us at the finish
Watchin' #sxonspeed. Great end to a Saturday night!
I decide how I live, I decide who I love, and no one makes up my mind for me.
Watching prospects of a quick storm, called an "Alberta Clipper", to bring light snow chances to Great Lakes come Friday.
When people connect their FB to their twitters like no..
Laryngitis will not defeat me. Excited for mobile parade session at 11am.
well the good finally released the Bourne Legacy trailer we asked him about. what did you think? looks great to me
LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all♥ 4 8
Well hi there! I do draw them out but sometimes it's hard to choose which design to play with. One will stand out eventually.
I deleted my facebook to the fullest extent they apparently support. Twitter? I think it's under control and not as harmful. Just mindless.
SparkFun Electronics Travels to the USA Science and Engineering Festival to Host Electronics Workshops for Kids
Finally got my ID!
i wish that i could have this moment for life.
Where is #DEXTER when you need him? #Casey Anthony got away with murder.
I'd never do that my friend!! RT dont remove my comment .. un friend me bitch <3 peace
I think #JackandJill went up that hill to do more than just get some water
"Every day is a good day when you run."
The word for today is WIN
Sleep is what i need. I feel like i just .....well lets say not so good.
My mom is playing gold fish and the card says backhand betty....
I need some pho in my life right meow.
I'm so glad that Cody could take some time to himself to go back home to Australia. He does so much for us. ~Courtney
It's happening. Tomorrow's rally is going to be awesome. People are waking up and realizing this is Do or Die time.
did you hear that chris browns going to be on rihannas birthday cake remix!? whutt!
will they let us pet them?
For the second time this week, I was trapped on a subway car with a loud, mentally ill / drunk freestyle rapper. Lucky me!
#whosgonnalose - new orleans at atlanta - atlanta will lose
is the shit!! Worth following
Is listening to the new album by #theasteroids "Out of Frequency"; the title doesn't work, it is totally in frequency.
Oh man, don't get me started! HAHA
thanks guys! :D My favorites are Get It Right and I Just Wanna Run!
lol Will do, and agreed. Sweet dreams, don't let the bed bugs bite.
I want sum damn CRABS!!!!
7 DD's! You are now my superhero
Happy Holidays to All
There's no greater fear in journalism than the fear of getting scooped on a story. Competition definitely helps with getting coverage.
Prestige Travel -at the Perfect Wedding Guide Bridal show - Sunday - January 24th - Marriott Marquis Atlanta - stop by for Honeymoon ideas
Unexpectedly at a show of a band I liked when I was a teenager. Life is beautiful.
"honey, I don't yell"...ditto, no hugs today!
The YMCA Downtown has a great program. Good people running it as well!. Tammy Coffey is a contact or check out website.
does that mean what I think it means sir?
Can't really beat 72 degrees and sunny in the middle of Christmas!
I know. It wasn't a popular decision. I need to try to find him online.
If even half the claims on the cover of this men's magazine are true, I'll be a totally different guy in 18-21 days.
Omg seriously?
me too! Need to believe it. Past has shown it to be true!
Im bout to make some eggs.
Not quite downtown, and river view instead of lake view, but Barnacle Buds has the best patio in Milwaukee.
sick ass invite!
Tattoos #crazy life
Dejuan Wheat got a degree??? I guess No Child Left Behind is paying off. In what?? Criminal Justice! Fitting
That Awkward Moment When: Im In The Car With My Daddy & The Windshield Wipers Come On Out Of No-Where(:
I will waive the $20.00 reistration fee for more info call 310-806-2123. Its a chance at 50k and a two year modeling contract
GO BLUE!!!
Damn! You're living the good life I see. Those things are rare!
excellent! thx for thinking of both of us MM!
Chose a good game to go to.
Feels so good to have my car back.
We shall see.
great dress, though
Club Sin tonight and HQs after its going down, with Nu Muney Missz, D'UNIT BlackBottom G, DLE, Kong, AND many more. Come out and support
It was good seeing you last night....when we goin to brunch?
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Set up a affiliate program. Consumers can register and make money for any referrals to the site that lead to a sale.
the kid is getting huge!
RT : Palin: "In Paul Revere's day, he had to ride from door to door to show people his penis."
(jen) Australia is calling.
Great choice! Spinning it now!
I Love How Beauty's voice Sound In Where Them boys At
OMG JAY I fucking love you! This mixtape! lol
RT : Grown ass men be lookin at high school girls like lunch meat......
RT : I'm so thankful for having found connect me with some of the most valuable and current information!
but anyways I want a smoothie going to math now kma
I liked the celebration if for no other reason because the kids and the parents got to smile and laugh for a bit.
Just saw your old school tweet plugging the blog post re: W&W. Thanks bro, hope you are well
LOL! There are different levels of freakish behavior, obviously
This Taylor Swift & B.o.B song will be everywhere this summer, calling it now.
i seen a dumbass on twitter talking bout being on the run & how the cops r dumb, but his dumb ass had the location where he tweeted
Yeah - my one negative reaction during the movie was that there came a point where the level of carnage was really stressful.
In other news, fuck North Carolina.
I just want to burn and play xbox.
I am a political junkie! Was enthralled with the State of the Union. Listened while I made Balance Lady Designs jewelry. Multi-tasking!
Happy #FollowFriday! Why dont'cha follow our first indie feature - it'd be swell of ya!
well..it's almost summer...so no gay excuses
At West Senior Center waiting for visit from
Have you ever built a relationship online? If so, how did it begin and do you feel it was a good thing overall?
You lift my feet off the ground spin me around you make me crazier ♥
thanks for the mention Gina! =)
Looking forward to #TheGoodWife & then #IRT. Like to see what Lisa's up to on IRT.
Hm...Well dont I remember the 2 happiest days of my life. The day you followed me and your concert.(:
Antique shows are great and I am counting down to heading to one in less than two weeks!
What software or program do you recommend for creating dubstep, both for novice and pros? Thanks...
watching it in my hotel room. Tough break should have won in regulation.
lol boss what do I owe u?
Just bought today's ! Can't wait to hopefully come visit you guys this summer!
Thanks for the follow. I'll follow you in return.:) ,
How do u have tickets?
Can someone do my work and clean my apartment and read my books to me and spoon food into my mouth? If I won the lottery I would want that.
When you're trying to post to the blog and Tumblr is down, Twitter unceasingly resounds! #unreliableTumblr (Happy Valentine's Day to boot)
Vacuum Facts :- In 1905, Chapman and Skinner in San Francisco invented the first portable electric vacuum.
- Very true. Thousands of examples to back your point. Rod Smith, Tom Brady, Ryan Leaf, Elvis Dumervil...
wish I was there!
I need food
I always knew where David Gregory stood politically, this speaking engagement for Republican advocacy group confirms it. fire him now!
There is now a Klout iPhone app, which allows you to pretend to know what your score means anywhere!
If you do happen to have a deluxe CD let me know ok and I'll send you the money for it. Thanks again Sherrie. <3
the go-cart thing paints an interesting pic - tooling down the street with cops doing a slo-mo chase a la OJ?
GO USA 
don't tweet an walk you walk into random Walls that jump in your way #ThisJustHappen :/
I'm still full after yesterday, what shall I eat ?
I got nothing to lose, I'm fighting my demons. Been looking for someone like you 💗🎶
nothing just i know u donot bite u cannot be a vampire LOL
Cool. Now I know...
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
my thoughts exactly!! this summer is turning out to be amazing already!
gave it to my boo <3
can't sleep... and I feel I need a nap =(
we lost today...word.
Mini van swag
dealer expo is on the horizon, combine, firemen etc… use the ten days off to come and give u a review.
#WILDTHINGS2 better that the first....because of you..Watching it now!
Throw it in the freezer for a min RT : phone is off til it cools off
:: Two VT'd shows down and two to go. This may take longer than I expected but not bad after a two-day laryngitis layoff.
Pretty shocking to see Miami down 20, let alone giving up 70 in a half...against the Warriors.
ill dm him for u
In New York.....Boardwalk Empire, HBO and Cartoon Network auditions.
Oh my......it should be here by now :(
At least the Wild Card race means baseball is almost over. Nothing that boring to watch should have a season consisting of 162 games.
I'll have to get to more than 1 next season.
have a blast! What's ur fav song?
would love to work with you dm me the details if possible
The novelty of using a push mower ends the moment I sit down, my head paused spinning just long enough to ask what the hell I'm doing.
We Reach The Climax
Elmer Fudd was killed by the Tasmanian Devil and a black panther? Why did he yell geronimo before he died?
Ugh! I've had a verse from a James Taylor sing in my head ALL DAY! Help me!
Nothing beats an awesome drummer in the studio!!!
14 year olds shouldn't be on Twitter because most of them won't shut up about their problems. Some things are meant to be kept to yourself.
The check out guy at Trader Joes just called me "shorty". Its totally ok cuz he looked exactly like MR. T.
email with a menu, prices, a pic of your display, & 3 references. We'll put you on file!
I'm obsessed with 's new CD "This Is How The Story Goes". $10 well spent! "Oh Milwaukee...you got the best of me..."
Hold Up! U haven't been watching?! Tisk! 😉“: I need to watch this show. Love Kerry Washington!”
Thanks! Followed back!
See??? effed up tweets
Interesting question about the purchasing model for the AppStore in regards to teachers
seriously! freaking love #NewGirl !!
Music, spoken word, beauty body and hair are all in the house at #naturallypretty event by #naturalchica n
RT : What would the best #CarlBeane tribute be tomorrow at Fenway Park?
Go to iTunes and get album #TabloidTruth and check out the single "Maniac" ft
not yet mayb if u message me
Food Fact of the Day: St. Patrick's Day is the biggest day of the year for combined food and beverage sales in restaurants and bars.
Furious comeback from early 14-0 deficit for the Pack.. Aaron Rodgers brilliance or great adjustment by the Pack Defense??
RT : Thanks to for setting us up for the draft ! Had a great time and really appreciate it. GO COLTS!
Spring has returned in Tennessee after a week-long "cold" snap (60s). What's everyone up to this weekend?
Happy New Year to our followers! May 2012 be a year of golfing glory!
have you seen the banana guy done by this artist? Also very cool
no, i was giving back to my community all day, today at my alma mater HS. & nope, never worked with Jumpstart/City Year :/
good morning every body! what a beautiful day! I am so thankful.
Green voxbox shipment is scheduled for the 3rd week of July. Make sure to unlock yr green badge to chive green goodies!
Happy Easter Alice
#Hot100 Round 3 tomorrow You dont wanna miss it!!
Don't forget folks-- Roller Derby at the Main Street Arena this weekend. Cinco de Mayhem!
If you ask for a copy of your own credit report then this is a "permissible purpose".
“Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.” ~H. Jackson Browne
Jack Nicklaus announces Columbus, OH to host the 2016 U.S. Senior Open. Congrats Scioto Country Club!
And why is that?
okay! What time? I get off at 4
I don't care
Old friend and former Huron colleague Faye (Adams) Rice just started at Natoma Partners this week. Welcome aboard Faye!
haha well I can't give him an F cuz then he wont take me to the mall ever again or anywhere ever again haha but thnxs anyway:)
“: btw who hates Michael Jordan?” The whole city of Charlotte..
he just got there didn't he? What about his Parisian?
Wikipedia Lookup and Readcap look mighty helpful.
Word is, he unfollwed everyone but two people, thinking it would be truer to his hermit nature.
Friday night: Thousands of lights will sparkle downtown from the City & County Building to Union Station +entertainment!...
I've wasted plenty
What to do with my life.
Why not go to the old bldg to do a live show.. Different location, different ISDN line little downtime, still live. Oh wait. They don't care
Jarek Column: Silence is golden, and getting harder to find - Fond du Lac Reporter
Dang bro I just got this! You shoulda text me! RT : comedy night tonight? I wanna watch some Hal Sparks.
Capitalism will put more people to work than Socialism & Communism! Unions started out when laws were not in place now they just take money
never underestimate the power of the silent treatment.
Delia has to pee !
My thoughts exactly. RT : Huh?
Had the SAME thought! RT 's Nonprofits & Data webinar. The "tweetable version" is the new "elevator pitch."
Hey !!! TY for following us! Have a super Wednesday!
Shawnee. Was a used copy.
No Calculator? BIG problems! -.-
Study hard students! Summer is almost here. RT: “: Nine Days of classes plus Finals (not that we're counting)."
finally someone is asking the hard hitting questions this campaign has been avoiding.
heartaches and mistakes how many hits can a good girl take ?
Nice haha and im in the worst freakin study hall ever! You cant even listen to music! an I know she gotta ortho appointment
I'm on a diet but I'm doin donuts in the 6 speed
Four finals, two projects and two more days of my internship!
I'm super blessed to have talented and beautiful friends who are doing amazing things!
Nap Nap WEINER.
Better 'get your Instagram on' now....
totally unprovoked!
Tonight catch Mount Kimbie and MachineDrum at Cervantes Masterpiece Ballroom in Denver, I will be showing my New Feather Collar Accessory!
Miami Heat will play second half today without Chris Bosh, who reportedly suffered an ab strain.
RT : Listening to salsa at work, that's how you know you put a buncha hispanics into one office// LOL!
good btw check out kristen stewarts interview where she talks about "steamy" sex scenes in breaking dawn pt 2
What ever became of those food truck-related dribble shots you took?
Make something out of yourself!
That's awesome! Thanks for remembering us and sharing the memory. #DickBatchelor is still hard at work helping the kids of FL.
Brady to Moss...Gotta LOVE it! GO PATS!
just saw the orthopedic surgeon for knee pain. He prescribed 5 injections of SUPARTZ joint fluid therapy. Has anyone had experience with os…
Why Thanks! I like them too!
Please visit our website at www.spheregs.com and let us know how our new design is coming out!
Most of my jobs have required security clearance & drug tests. Good thing reality doesn't cloud a good, destructive rumour.
Then you got 'em coming man.
Whitney Houston was such a beautiful talent. And Adele looks beautiful!
Darn you Angry birds -___-"
baby what you talking about
Thanks to for getting Helloween stuck in my head this morning.
OF COURSE Peyton is a bronco...the dude is OBSESSED with horses! His new boss looks more like one than he does...
Good Shit. A smoker will seek out what he needs.
RT : #FF Thanks for the mentions & RTs this week! via
"Skepticism and fascination is a part of my thinking." -Rebecca Keller
Don't be sorry hoe...be careful.. *money mike voice*
We had 4 inches of snow in Plano, TX yesterday, what spring?
thank you so much! Still relaxing in
Even better... Madonna, Tom Brady, Eli Manning human centipede halftime show
I'm not telling people who like it that they're wrong. I'm just betting doesn't like their own ending. Too many holes.
just chilling, trying to figure out what exactly austin's doing. I think he's sleeping. Do you know?
get it!!
Wednesday Bible Study, as always, was on point. I appreciated that we revisited a passage from two weeks ago. "God don't make mistakes"...
can't trash talk...suckin right now.
I know that even with the seams stitched tightly, darling, scars will remain.
oops! We forgot to thank you too for bringing #uxhappyhour to Seattle!
Grim news from eye doc. Looking forward to the rest of my career on concrete poetry & land art.
Depends on how much you love it already. For some reason, the things you love always wind up costing you.
it doesn't say drunk resistant. ; )
Seeing a dude walking a small dog always makes me laugh a little.
I used to, but I can't even eat those any more. If there's some cooked down in a sauce or something I can tolerate it.
Baylor has no answer for Kentucky. First half totally out played.
seriously stop retweeting my tweets to me and my brother, i know you think he's cute, but you don't know him
Just ate a burger without a bun so if anyone asks I had a steak for dinner tonight.
Terrible morning and day so far needing a turn around real quick!
At home, working on the usual nefarious plots!
I think publishers have to stop being so afraid of ebooks and embrace them.
THAT WAS SICK!
Every time I get a message; I smile...& hope it's you : )
Out on the town with some cuzos
yeah nardo -Jamo it is! Thanks for the rt!
Headed off to Standard Hotel opening night PEN World Voices #penfest2012 Love the Highline, cool illuminated puppets
I do too.
it was Obv a joke Haha take one
jack lalanne, running, soup, montaigne, and more at www.susanefine.com
“: Thanks for a great conference ! Feel inspired and met some amazing people. #dsum12” Well stated. Thank you.
In the epic battle of Matt v. Google News. Matt wins. But who knew such a small code change could cause issues like that?
#stopkony should never stop trending
#stagecoach about to start! Who knew there were so many cowboys in SoCal? Up first: Eli Young Band.
yes! Love
to quote salt and peppa...push it. push it real good!
#BRONCOS r a real team for 2013 super bowl
Hunt: our institute brings together mothers from 40 conflict-affected countries, see what they're doing.
Everyone should read Denise Richards book! She has dealt with some sad, crazy & happy times. Things we all can relate to!
Playing at Acoustic Cafe at Pace University tonight. Show starts at 5, $3 to get in, come support the theatre department!
is on the beach at Presque Isle State Park.
Ahh... the sun is good. Working on a marketing plan to attract new clients.
Now the whole cast is going! DANGER!
The undergraduate degree is becoming a research degree
I'm a little sick of Adele, yes, but I can't help but love her truly, madly, deeply. How can this be so?
it said the video could not be loaded
there was school today? oh... lol, oh well.
The new logos and color (or lack of) scheme for are FANtastic.
Yea in a sort they bugged >.> but then i will change it into a new good one that panda prize and well fixed soon as were done...
Apparently smoking hookas is a great way to jumpstart #innovation - Sammy Haroon
The picture of Dorian Gray >>> 📖👍
go chris BROWN!!!
This #Magic film on ESPN is pretty good.
IDA's helped New Mexicans buy first homes and uplift neighborhoods, becoming involved in local government and mentoring friends and family.
who rangers win!!!!!!
Learn from the mistakes of others, life's too short to make them all yourself
#TwinterGames= #3WordsAfterArnisPizza: Jan. 16-23, describe the perfect Arni's pizza in 3 words or less. Use # and tweet to
FURSHOW MAN..GOTTA DO IT BIG U KNOW "ITS MAJOR"..
Ladies with #CONFIDENCE you have the ability to achieve and accomplish ANYTHING!! #KNOWWHOYOUARE u will than at dat moment b
Love getting phone calls from when Shes in Kansas!
I am obsessed.
thanks for keeping me tagged in that whole conversation guys
Wacha' doin', Granpop? Noon. Book talk on Slave in the White House
Yes I did :-) But none of us knew he could really sing til he started showing us his youtube videos, LOL
Damn is it Questionnaire Day For Sherod...Stop asking me all these damn questions!!!!!
hell yeah! what you writing?
hey chelsea you look sexy with your pretty eyes where you from
who knew Jimmy Spinoza had a twitter!?!
Drama beats is so sexyy oh my god
December is not a working month
Scary time to be a bartender right now. Cinco de Mayo + "I`ll have another!" Man
dude I look black in the shower!!
'Relax a bit' = 'Sleep', right? You must do that once in a while I'm certain.
Saturday w/ Dom Kennedy! It cant get no better. #Grind'n
www.Video-TV-Email.com Intergrated MobleMarketing Join for a Live-Web-Demo 4/18/11 at 8:14pm Est-RSVP N/Ph/E to:
follow me?
text me!
Help us get to 2,500 fans on this page. Share our page on your page and ask people to "like" Denver Browns Baseball
Saying,” OH YEAH I REMEMBER ” when you really don't.
Raining in the county..
to say the least :-/ Good thing I wasn't there--I would have started singing our national anthem! Bah-ha!
I want you, all tattooed, I want you bad. Completely mistreat me. I want you to be bad bad bad bad bad.
sad loss for RM. sad!
well I'm sorry I don't sit around on my phone or watching the tv at work! Like some people....
“: Happy #cincodemayo to all my fellow #spics, now grab a #corona and party on the lawn ” my FAV holiday party time!
A TED Talk is the best talk you can give, ever.
not tryna do this romeo and juliet homework
Ive been told to use this from now on. IRDLOL I really did laugh out loud.
I wish you were mine ♥
so Jake care to explain about telling MY WIFE about your little friend?
welcomes the military ball!!
The next 2 days are big for me! I finally getting meet and I'm signing the lease for #LemonTreeNutrition !!!
I'm about done with all the whining and mumbling...not enjoying this morning AT ALL kids!!!
I can't stop smiling
Never been a Nuggets fan before. Cc:
changing my bed sheets, probably the hardest task in the world
I'm having a great morning daytrading and calling the IRS...yeah baby!
Free burger at with proof of Yelp in Denver review!
Seriously Shugs....it was Stewart Downing taking it!....I would be more impressed if you had predicted him to score and he did!
Wtf ? Do you guys have no clue how to handle crowds? You all should be ashamed. Fucking evil monsters. & total amateurs.
Been fielding lots of genre questions since that last tweet! We asked author K. Meyer to describe Grosvenor Square’s genre. Next: Her words.
: Finally here to see Avatar, I've seen less people in a theater on the second week. This must be a really good movie
what's up?
Oregon St vs. Oregon... QUACK QUACK!!! :D
Outstanding place to work & relax when in #Beavercreek OH: Coffee is the best; Thanks Chrissy 4 exc svc The Greene
Gotta stay positive and in prayer
I honestly can't read Bill. It's impossible to tell if he's just messing with me or not.
Nicks is absolutely a No.1 WR, who said he wasn't?
Come hear me trainwreck at the artifice. 1130pm tonight on the wheels of steel
That was the most Tony Campana situation ever.
1st place in our division, best choreography and overall grand champ for all level 3!! #FTC #juniorgreen today was a good day <3
Follow Back?(:
I miss school lol
#whatif?? #NAACP and #teaparty actually saw that they have some common interests. Very scary for those pimping race issues and making $$$!
Don't know about that. I was trying to send the tweet from the other account to have one up there when I got to class. I failed :)
In a very, very expensive neighborhood.
Nothing's worse than packing up your apartment when you don't want to leave in the first place.
A reminder that we're shifting over to books, so follow us there to stay up-to-date about Children's Book Press!
S/o to my followers team follow back
So it is NOT true that you are divorcing?????
"If she's on the rag never let her fry the Ragu" - Doom
we had to write who is our hero for a composition and i chose loveyou<3
not possible
honestly, i dont want to get caught up in the LA lifestyle working to party and buy clothes.Iwant to act, and praise the Lord
strong students are def in interest of school, but not so strong studs who pay full price arent
:( re: selling house
cause girl on in love <3.<3
I know 100 isn't a lot, but to me it is and again to everyone. Thank you. ( :
I guess I could go to a sports bar for the #sjsharks game.
No because I don't make dumb bets, but I do know they'll lose.
Wolves was taken almost directly from a Ronald Reagan ad. No creativity whatsoever.
My big girl Danielle graduates from 8th grade tonight
OH GOD NO. Ed and Cher Lloyd are the only secrets I've got left! Well, and Cheryl Cole sorta.
#DailyRebellion: Set firm boundaries.
good luck!!!
Have a safe trip. :)
washington capitals.... and they can SMD!
I think I might just move here. Pretty awesome city.
March madness time to make money 😏
Did you know we deliver lunch to your car? Order 30 min in advance, pull into our curbside parking, and lunch is delivered to your car!
I'm actually really nervous tho O.o omg help
hell yea it does!! Maybe even have to pay
Papa Doug decides?
Our Headbands Our Now A San Francisco Original !! Made In San Francisco !!
Happy Summer y'all! Celebrate by loving USA, getting outdoors, swinging a bat, staying hydrated, and charging the mound
ohh:( I had one yesterday..I hope you feel better:)
Some people...
take us through the narrow door from which an endless river flows into a new body-wounded but unafraid; through JC, the passion of God. Amen
Damn I'm still ranting to nobody... Lol.. I'm out..
So do you have any Replacements to bring it to eleven, as they would say on Spinal Tap.
if i say i love you i mean my words you should stop playing with my heart and say it when u mean it
