I can't tell you how it ends & spoil everything... but it's brilliant & wonderful and so good!! #Loving ;)
When Chris announce the surprise, lets pretend we didnt know it was gonna happen! yea?
Love your music, Bran! Can't wait for the next album.
Happy 4th of July..
“ everyone IS a patient and a caregiver... #s4pm” although some do more of caregiving than others. (ie, women)
haha that's so awesome.
I'm on the inside looking out
I miss u too! I'm glad u ain't here tho cuz I'm sick! But the bait sadly set me up yesterday :-( but how are u
"glad I'm the guy on top" - Charles Barkley. Bahahaha #lakers vs
"A best friend is like a four leaf clover: hard to find and lucky to have." Happy St. Patty's Day!
Going to bed. Night.
woah woah Jill had another kid !? whats her email ??
Being locked out of a class for the period....guess they really don't want us here anymore.
Vegan mac and cheese !!
I'm in shock and nervous as hell
I heart Modern Family
And you can cry all you want to. I don't care how much you invest yourself in me. We're not working out! MCR is f***ing killer.
Oh Twitter...how I miss thee.
Thank you for the record breaking $170,000 raised from the Caring Classic golf tournament! You all are amazing!
Damn I ain't put my phone on the charger In two days && still got 80%
It's not coming out for any phones prior to the Pre2. Bad news on a good news day.
My hair is so short :'(
Woohooo congrats!! Can't wait to celebrate :) RT I'm OFFICIALLY done with college.
Wishing you the best of luck on getting those 8 wins. My bet is you will have a new coach in 2013 when you come play at Oregon!!
how are u able too see him all the time?!?:) lol:)
Its encouraging to see students contribute to #UWRightnow saying what makes special.
excellent, sounds like an accessibility issue as well.
Did anyone else watch S Club 7? Can we all agree the coolest one was the guy who didn't belong...Bradley?
ues you can gbby so tell me ,
Teacher: I wished you would pay a little attentionPupil: I'm paying as little as I can !
how are you?
lol I'm tweeting #vinnyprobz now:)
LADIES yeah! LADIES yeah! WANNA TAKE A RIDE IN MY MERCEDES
who on this shit
Mark your calender for "Reds, Whites, & Blues" on June 5th! We will be open to the public featuring our wines as well as live music!!
More leaders should lead by example. Inspire teams to innovate, exceed short, long term targets, drive rather than follow their market.
AMNP my newest Open Position - CEO just bought 18million on Open Market. 80 million OS, 30 Million Float. Get in while you can :)
that's my advice on pregnancy.
I didn't grow up with EPL though, so the club legend part is something that really makes it different
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.-- Zig Ziglar
Black Cherry Crush at the wild Buffalo, Bellingham Wa, first show here, feeling good.
: "Today, a ferocious focus on the few--most important--things."
Im sorry your "twitter life" isnt amazing and your going to leave but i rly dont give a shit do what you want!
I can feel my lip getting bigger as each minute passes, I.am.stupid.
“When I thought I couldn’t go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck.” – Estee Lauder
WOW, thanks red head licker!!
Happy Friday! Join Chi Cha and DJ Ivan for a great night on U St tonight
dude I know! That's why when my car gets fixed I'm looking for another job.
good night inspiration, aka (: xo
For reals..who wants to do my math homework for me :) I will give you a hug and a high five :))
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow. -Doug Firebaugh
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success."
he's so cute
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
IM FAKE
Thanks for allowing Wafrique to be a part of the Guide to Black Paris event tonight. We look forward to doing more!
Absolument! The invite I just emailed you had all the details - did you need it in another form?
"Learning never exhausts the mind" -- Leonardo da Vinci
I JUST WANT IT TO BE 3 ALREADY
Love that we can not have is the one that lasts the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest.
thanks bro! We're recording new material as we speak!
Think of me, think of me fondly, when we've said goodbye. Remember me once in a while - please promise me you'll try.
Any awesome presents received out there? Hope all had a great holiday!
is he a started next year?
i love everybody who is supporting xoxo <3
Less then 24 hours until the looting begins!
I just can't believe how happy I am right now. To made your day just made my day, and the feeling is amazing!!!
Marcus Goree Laugh n' Splash Charity Event tonight 9:00pm-12:00am. Good things for children all over!
Thanks for the shout out. Who are you choosing to be on your team for this weekend?
I need a Kendrick, Andre 3k, and Eminem track
cool bike!
yup, just resigned!
Fridays = Austream day ♥
Hilarious seeing Joe & Ed put on a show for the media today at prctice. Yet, the elephant balancing on a giant ball was unnecessary.
That moment when you've proofread your email 3 times, hit send, and then realize you typoed the salutation *sigh*
Dreamed last night that I worked at Apple , SJ was alive & had me getting his lunch everyday in exchange for daily chats. Hmm
If you ever get caught sleeping in school, just put your head up & say: "In Jesus name, Amen."
when my girl walk she shuts down shop makin nigga eye balls pop
I have a renewed appreciation for my normally rigid schedule. It makes getting work done so much easier.
Oh I'm the same way right now
they use windows live messenger here so if you are on that add me!!!
Just broke my phone...so not in a good mood. Makes me want to leave EVO alone all together and maybe leave Sprint
how many diff ways can we communicate at once? Let's see we r on twitter topline & email! Now just call me during the break!
=) well it's def a priviledge!! nice to meet you!
There are so many things that I want to do to help people Lord, God. But I need for you to show-up and show-out over my life~BAMM.
Is it really Friday already? Pinch me!
is getting ready to take SO MANY PEOPLE to Israel! orientation tonight, and the trip is so soon.
use case/tutorial about your hadoop setup sounds like a great idea.. look forward to
can't make it to Mt P tonight in time for trucks. Hope you'll do it again!!!
Brunch starts at 10:30. Ask about our Jalapeño Vodka to kick up your Bloody Mary!
Can't wait to see what has in store for us this year!!
My 6,000 TWEET IS COMING SOON WHO WANTS IT????
just had a cool chat with a future save20 product - OMG peeps stay tuned
Its like selling a magnifying glass to a midget
I would TOTALLY buy Bud Light Muenster...but that's just how I do it.
Our pleasure. :)
Time off from blogging but I've still got time to post plenty of good stuff on Twitter.
BRUNO IS OUR WINNER.
Liberty Christian Center on Addison & Central. I've been going these past few weeks. Where do u go?
Darling, I can't slow down. Don't know why I do the thing I do, but I'll always be around.
Free Joint Monday with purchase of an 8th or more.
I'm Moises nd I want to travel to world and wake up every morning saying I love what I do!
Good for the Huskies #zing RT : UW-UConn will play home and home series starting next season in CT
merry christmas. <3
Join the Whotune Network of Tastemakers and receive a FREE monthly, 10 song sampler. Opt In by sending me an email to
Got it! Thanks for the heads up!
Couldn't agree with you more, Rebecca! Happy to have been your study buddy.
I feel like such a midget.
ha, love it :) take lots o' pictures!
nice gonna go surfing? Lol
Awkward..lol i wanna go home
“Cassie, she's you with a different hair colour.”
Feel like I'm gonna cry. Meh
Thanks for joining us!
Did you know that Hieber’s can help you to purchase high quality supplements through your Health Savings Account or HSA? Call...
Thanks so much! Always nice to hear both encouragement and thoughtful criticism from readers. RT : you are so...
Web TV is coming and it is time to jump on board with these 2 great pioneers
Come on bikers. Its sunny! Ladies let's get ready!!! Bike night and ladies night!!! Drink specials all night!!!
I love music, It makes me bounce. #musicisatureescape <3 ^.^
my self-employed self is jealous...good luck!
For a moment, I thought you were calling your followers goats.
Ferndorf is my favorite, but Prepared Piano and Snowflakes/Carwrecks are good, too. I also have collabs w/Nils Frahm, also good.
Winner Tom Morello about to play and my phone truly dying. Hugely inspiring Hillman awardees.
Oh lol that's my shit
best story ever. RT: I used to hate it but then one day I loved it (about Tim and Eric).
no problem
I think this it's all getting lost in the translation on twitter. I was not bullying ANYONE and was busting your chops.
no problem
The best game you can play is deciding if a womans existence is worth your presence
that child has some for real problems!
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw your true colors...
It felt like the end :-(
um, im a unicorn.
Selby KU, but Knight and Leslie UK?
Knitting socks with tri-color self-striping yarn: I'm excited to see the next color even though I clearly know what it is.
Check our website for upcoming gigs @ 5starjazzband.com
To eat an egg, you must break the shell. ~Jamaican Proverb
Just did our pre-interview for with Betsy Bitch for Tales from the Stage. Fascinating woman! Paul Shortino is back and have him today!
It'z amazing how time changez EVERYTHING,,,,, including (PEOPLE)....
RT "All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an #artist once he grows up." Pablo Picasso
Amazing! Respect the #patriotleague and f #duke!
This death was the breaking of my waters & from this day forward I will speak up for righteousness in the place of those who won't do it!
thx for thinking of us Chadwick!
Please see announcements on Webcampus for the additional extra credit site mentioned in class. U can earn up to 15 pts total EC
Just another typical Monday really
yes there is. It's so bad for you. Choose water.
I keep getting called Tin Tin
School, i could never feel like my self there i wish i did.
Me and fighting bout my hair xP haha
C'mon over and try Saz's Signature Stuffed Mushroom Caps! They are absolutely out of this world! Chef Rob knows his "Apps"!
is off to another improv battle; this one on the football field. vs Check it out: 90th & Wallingford,12PM
wanting to get some non-gmo berry bushes, can anyone recommend a good source?
I Wanna Do Something Different With My Hair. Ive Tried Everything And Im Out Of Ideas... Wat Should I Do Next?? humm
Good thanks! Out helping #RVA prepare their AC units for the summer. How as yours?
ask about that football I just threw him. Sign me up for #NFL.These new meds got me out here like MVick meets IronMan.
LOVE IT!!!
I love it! Everyone should do that. We'd be getting a lot of discounted stuff!
“: Final from staples center: #Nuggets 102, Lakers 99. LA leads series 3-2. Game 6 Thursday in Denver.” hell yeah
"When it comes to food, cheap is overrated" says Amen! Used in small amounts, even the most expensive salt is a great value
If only I knew he wasn't true..
#Word2TheWise Ur relationship with God is more important than anything becuz u know 4 sure that's a relationship that will last forever
I hear ya Mike - I'm gonna be praying for a week after the W today
“: check out Hopskoch for the best and most engaging ways to connect” cool thank you!
Pay careful attention to #sustainablethurston movement...implications could be profound if the right voices are not there to help shape!
I wonder who wil crak first
all you said was k! What was I supposed to say to that?
Yeah, consumer satisfication feels too good; they know the secrets, rise in the tax dollar streets!
i know im sorry. And people are just so mean to her for no reason! :(
I don't have a type. If I like you, I like you.
true that!
Psalm 121:7-8 The Lord will keep you from all evil; he will keep your life. The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this t
Why is so conservative while Fox's broadcasting seems the most liberal of any network? Is that planned?
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience. It supercedes all other courts. - Gandhi
Ghost 3, got a great deal!
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers. ~Veronica A. Shoffstall
Oh and a husband and a bunch kids whose names I cant remember.
Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown
I love you too!
Taj Gibson is the man.
You are so sweet! Thank you for your donation. We need to catch up! What is new, lady?
here's what makes Major League Baseball different from any other professional sport: one mistake is all it takes
Whether my hair is short or long, I'm still da bomb!!!
: another reason why Twitter is awesome!
If Justin Bieber ever says, "Nobody's perfect." Ima go up to him and show him a picture of a sexy one named .
Headed to the annual meeting. Hoping to sneak in a #hike later this morning!
Any designs yet?
we felt it too. It was pretty strong!
Glad you are enjoying them. I hope I'm properly showing how it is, not being misleading. :-)
Maybe they aren't looking to appeal to audiences in that visual way. Are you implying that musicians w/stands aren't as good?
I had a twitter since 2010 lol
I have followed back. :)
thoughts on #Thereflu ?
#Yankee is kicking ass
Accidentally deleted my "Messages" app! Text messages! How is that even possible? How do I get it back? :-/
would you like some ice with that water?
don't lose you're mind! You need it! Lots of summer shows planned new schedule coming soon!
Happy birthday , have a good one. :* <3
Stop complaining about your goddamn blue balls. That's what you get when you're dating someone several towns over and work 24/7.
consumerism has duped you into buying one
Wow zambia babez ar so hot.
Mob Wives is seriously the best show on tv!
square is right.....
about to unfollow if that pic does not change. Haha
Going w/ my dad 2morrow talked on the phone for like 4omins ima good daughter :)
Slag is classic?
more like their penis lol
So to truly improve, you must first destroy. Start over. Simplify. However, I know this may be out of your control. Good luck.
I wish I could just start a 5885435 year long tour.
Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people. Colossians 3:23,
First 48. Ok, this makes up for Grey's being a repeat...only a little though.
dont sip where you dip
Solution? Reboot. Starting to feel an awful lot like Windows. I became a born-again Mac-user just over a year ago. Honeymoon's over I guess.
Garry Meier quote about "when you walk down the street with Skilling it's like walking with a Beatle"
Already writing the script: "Attack of the Killer Butterflies" oh wait... "Mothra" 1961. But then a butterfly ain't a moth ;)
3 minutes in and it's Lewis Black, not , disappointing me.
I should tweet about how excited for #TheAvengers I am. But I'm much more enthralled by the drama going on with the teenagers behind me.
I should say "redesign."
We have the most amazing people. Truly. Today we declare #BrianSpeightLoveFest2011 for going above-and-beyond this week. U rock!
Nice work!
what do u wish for Christmas this year? :)
Never realized how many players in the NBA wore Converse!!
Happy Mother's Day!
In Georgetown with the blasting Project Pat. This is pretty much sums my weekend up lol
sacha baron Cohen?
GUYS!!! FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
wow, thanks a lot!! you'e da man :D
Good morning Paul - cool we're following each other - hope you get laughs out of us too.
What does he think about retiring #13 tho? RT : Sports fans, follow , knowledgeable cat
ready for some baseball :-)
So many meetings this evening! Eckington, Stronghold, Bates!
Love bein with my friends back home "drink to all that we have lost,mistakes we have made,everything has changed. But love remains the same"
My booty is super tight..lol
I have to go to school Friday while no ones there b/c I already missed 3 in a row. -__________-
AMBER GOT A TWITTER !
Just followed you whats up
not fair.
On the way to a show in jersey. !!!! Follow the leader...
Epilogue to #SpiderIsland: now THAT'S how you wrap up a story arc. Well-played, sir.
Everyone has to understand the deeper meaning to life. Sports figures need to realize there is life and more outside of the sport
Even with those, they will still and always be number 1 in this town regardless, can't say that about yours.
Walking to the German Immersion School Craft Bazaar this am. M, Deutsch kuchen! :)
I haven't seen Orel Hershiser suck this much dick since the 2000 season.
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan
Yes we plan too
I learned something valuable today. #GODisGreat! Thank you for the lesson
700 members & counting...bout 2 start sum new craigslist ads...
Time to buy me a Jacksonville tebow jersey
I fuck with Ready or Not joint
You should! Glad you got tickets :)
Do you feel my power!?
Congrats Lindsay! RT : I'll be interning at The Knot this summer!
Feeling good. Photoshoot went fab! New media kit comin' soon. Watch out world, here I come!
If and followed me.. I would probably crap a brick haha
I will
Thanks! Damn right! #Giants have gone to far to come back home empty handed!
love u too sis!
is awesome! They made it easy to recycle my old gadgets, and I even got a little $ for one. YAY!
Play ball! The Brewers and Bill Wegman take on the Athletics and Dave Stewart in Oakland.
it's 84 degrees outside and i'm on twitter
It's actually a Santorum campaign ad with a Romney look alike
So excited to set up camp at The West Hollywood Book Fair on October 2nd! You should come say hi.
Reading Lisa delpit's other people's children at advice of colleague, provoking a lot of soul searching for me as a white teacher
Lovin' the graphic that will have to stand in front of tonight on news!
Don Express? Is that like CPK Express? RT : I'll send you a bottle of Don, express!
needs to come get his gift.
When it comes to the fourth quarter, it's the will not the skill. -
RobertRdz "Awesome Machete screening tonight. Great seeing so many Machete fans come out for support."
#FEDUP cutting MORE taxes wo paying 4 will ACCELERATE hitting debt ceiling. Unpaid 4 BUSH TAX CUTS R BIG contributor to debt ceiling RISE!
or we should go to orangeville and ill buy u some oranges there:)
Q: how much do you weigh? You don't need to be knowing that.
You're quite welcome!
I hope you are having a good weekend, and things got better :)
Poor Nick!
try going to the warehouse in Madison where they test all the new equipment. AH.
all the while will ferrel is saying she's horrendous to look at. Lol
I think that's what we're counting on :)
nah I didn't get a count down txt 
lol aight bro. You DJ'ing tonight?! 😂
Time to #rock!
Brinkley for a first. 13 yard pickup
Cirque de Soleil was lovely!
i was hoping I wasn't the only one sick of her in everything. She's like the new Betty white
When were alone, were more than friends. When she's around, were strangers. And, when were around friends, were just friends.
Just asked to come on this Saturday when is filling in w/ me. I hope his nastyass says "Yes!"
Young lady, is that an alcoholic libation you are drinking?
i love emulators and roms
Congrats on the AskMen gig... Your writing style is a great fit over there. Looking forward to more great articles.
I can't wait til the lake is my backyard.
Can't wait for NBA Playoffs Saturday!
Quote of the day from a customer at sxsw "I love your Willie!" referring to our Willie Nelson poster of course!
But we've got to mad at everyone all of the time...so.
Follow now! For me plzz(;
Feeling like robin hood right now.
no... You're a very lovable person!!
seen it before too.... they got one for Miami Mamas to.
I want it All and then Some .
1st Hosting production meeting.
My twitter dead, sorta
July 14th needs to hurry up!
less than one minute old <3
Yes! We were mistaken. Rodgers was on letterman today.
": I couldnt agree more! xo-F". You made my day. Seriously Here's to a great show tonight.
Very thankful my wife picked me up from the side of the road today. Especially knowing she had better things to do.
You took the words (tweet) right out of my mouth.
I'm tired af I'm goin to sleep good night I'm sleeping with a smile on my face tonight and your the reason :)
Too funny! RT I just saw a girl who looks like Lindsay Lohan in Parent Trap. Think Lindsay will sue her?
Thank god
Now you're talking...
RT : To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. - Donald Laird
For the admin console? Or for accepting customer payments?
yo, we have the same name! :)
Also, our group "Third Stream Giants", at the Otter House May 8th! Get ready for our new CD! :)
NO NO NO NO NO NO. ND better pull this outta their ass
RT : 3 reasons I love my son: he donates his art to charity; his pet portraits are cool; some guy in Vegas tattooed his...
Listening to presentation by Bob Sherlock of on pricing at Renaissance Exec Forum for CEOs.
Jarrett Bush will make the pro bowl this year #24..... SPECIAL TEAMS OBVIOUSLY, but nonetheless
its raining jordan hallelujah oh its raining...
Good luck to you and your wife!
I'm getting ready to build a virtual conglomerate with several websites. I need a web builder to work for a piece of the action. Interested?
Tell em not to put it in your butt too hard tonight :)
You captured the bitchface perfectly, not even gonna lie.
The Beastie Boys remind me of when I was a lesbian for six months in high school. Don't ask. Ok, ask.
hey there
Just spent over a grand at IKEA...worth it!!
Really good time right now for bridezillas to pitch a spin off called "gayzillas"
I'm kidding. I need to go get some clothes myself.
#Alzheimer’s” is trending 8th on #yahoo’s main site this morning…
i still hold my breath when i pass cemetaries.
Good night! It's one here. I have to drop my tired body on my bed. Night
I'ma do it. Fuck it I'm all in
Done with the surprises for today.
the greatest door in the history of door decorating contests
I wanna make him mines .
ill tell you about it tomorrow Hahaha :) its a great story.
how's the hockey beat? i had no idea you were such a fan.
performances are never the same twice in a row
Let the words of my mouth and the meditations of my heart be pleasing in Your sight God
hey, you're in town!
Better still: put them on Flickr/Picasa RT : Idea - using Pinterest to market digitized images from your archives/IR
people complain about ALOT of things...why don't I ever hear complaints about taxes due? :\ Like this: I hate doing my sales tax return. ;)
Follow us and we'll follow you back! Spread the word!
release a new song please haven't heard a sexcay jls song in time♥
Congress: Bingo with billions. - Red Skelton
Pretty embarrassing as a librarian to get an email from your child's school about all your overdue books. But that didn't happen to me.
Get your music fix on tomorrow midnight with & and Anton Bass :)
3rd Team All NBA - Tony Parker, Derrick Rose, Kevin Love, Bynum....forgot KOBE switch him on the 2nd team with Rondo.
I can try lol; I've been working on a change wallet recently! (:
Catching up on pitching some of my story ideas. It's fun in that you never know where the next one will land.
Wow, that was coldblooded!
it is a process and sometimes takes time. Hang in there for sure. Have you spoken with you football recruiting coach yet?
Maybe Obama could streamline his day with a goal for each policy issue and add his key advisors to each! www.IamINC.biz
RT Wow… #ididnotreport - check it out
so what was the thought that just crossed your mind?
Craving Red Lobster...
Sounds like a keeper to me.
Had another great day at "Riverside Arts Market". Sold a lot of prints but not any paintings.
My gawd there's girls dancing on the floor, in the stage and on the bars! RENEGADES ROCKS!!!!
Congrats on finishing your first year!! Thats awesome. :D Im almost done with my sophmore year of HS. Oh Im lame :P haha
Um bruh...I don't think that's the sample the NFL is looking for. I'm just saying.
RYAN AND WILL, Y U BOTH NO SHUT UP AND GO TO SLEEP.
#danedems forum @ concourse Htl. K. Vinehout..a local shithouse on every corner to have green energy and WI a Leader for USA. U GO GIRL!!
Is the website having issues? I want to be a Friend of Bobst but it won't let me proceed =\
's new stuff really is the shit!!!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Giordano's - Pizza (live updates)
"I'm falling in love but it's falling apart I need to find my way back to the start."
Looks like Ryan Braun knows his #plushdamentals. Go Brewers!!!
what is Bourn's lifetime avg vs the #Brewers? I feel like he crushes us!
TBH, I think it was the task you wanted people to complete rather then lack of interest in accessibility. /cc
I like my all my bitc*es nasty like a Cold dinner Team-wayne
bout to go get a chop in a few
RT : This is the Houston Astros' final game in Philadelphia as a member of the National League. Weird. //> Just had this chat in WAWA
Very sad news about steve mcnair found dead...
he's too clean cut for me. Lololol
Just resent the link to the 5k registration, let us know if you are still having problems opening!
Celebrating the March birthdays of Jazz Clarinet greats
Just a heads up to appear in everyone's feed you need to start with a character other than usually people use a .
Finally on twitter
Finally in louisville!!! :) chillen at 4am with my cuzzin jenna :) oreos and puppies al over ur face ;) lol this is when summer gets fun
It's the best song to fall asleep to ♥
Honestly i'm going to forget so I will do it 2 days early Happy Birthday!!!!!!
#Philly would love to meet you! Come to #kensington and check out what director is doing with !
I do too, they make them look good.
Enjoy Your Life, You Only Get One <3 !,
Im alone at home ... -___-
Self-discovery increases your possibilities...
do speak Spanish?
LOOKS LIKE I PICKED ME UP A NEW BESTFRIEND ...
she such a push over we ran that class
what an idea!
RT : You don't need to seek permission from another person to be happy. Just be happy. :)
Never thought I'd be able to hear CEO talk games 3 rows in front of me. The gaming nerd in me is happy.
ready to get in the game
Hermanas please do not forget that early registration for convention ends on Friday! Don't miss out. This year will be better than last.
"I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinks on me: you are my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God."~Psalm 40:17
Not sure if I actually have free time or just forgetting everything.
I met yesterday.. haha
nm. Bored. What's up with you?
Heading to #outsidelands this afternoon
": #Scorpio #20ThingsAboutMe #2 People don't realize how funny I can be, I only let some people see THAT side of me"
#FlightstoAtlanta is AWESOME
It must be a "Girl-Only" thing... UGH! RT : My apps are still there.
today is my 2 year anniversary with my lovely boyfriend! <33
interiors blogs entering the retail market? See the exciting aussie pop-up shop by as highlighted on
next goal wins
i got to admit the truth-- i am totally head-over-heels in love with you<3
Wow you are such a close minded person and probably a closet dyke yourself and I will always be a fan of
I was there last year around this time!
Never, Magnetic propulsion is real.
Thank you !! i will add ur tweet to the video :)
does anyone even know u exist anymore?
How are you "living green" this spring? We want to hear your best tips for more sustainable living!
Thanks for the RT's & !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Y BIRTHDAY BABYGURL<3333 I LOVE YOU TO DEATH HOPE YHU HAVE A BOMB ASS BIRTHDAY <3
yeah, I know it's the soap. Unfortunately, second straight day with a sick kid home from school.
music is made to be played loud
Amazing panel on media just concluded...really looking forward to the next session on balance
I texted u :) want to do next Wednesday? I need a hump to look fwd too
KU and UK and blue all over. #gobigblue - the KENTUCKY kind!
hey I'm just sayin not everyone bitches lol
Feeling too poorly to move just yet.
Xavi has plenty of practice, yapping for years about Cesc's Barca DNA.
Why am I only able to select a subscriber type for merge replications????
thanks, following back!
That shouldn't be an issue. Are you signed into your 4sq account in the same browser you are using to sign into Snoball?
“: Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.”
If God is Love and you can't have one without the other, how do you deny God/Love to anyone?
tonight we are bored... hahaha
Bryan, I'm so sorry I can't make it. Just swamped here at RISE. Hope y'all have fun!
Roseann Munger art is showcased at Jane Hamilton Fine Arts! adultwellness
Said the alligator king to his 7th son, "My son, you win the crown!
You can ride bicycles inside hotels at #sxsw ?
Curse that thing called work!!!
I got this Jones forming in my bones
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
I think you have been hacked
what time do we have to be at the school tomorrow? Last track meet :(
- need a Job ? You believe in yourself ? Go here : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
So glad this happened
I just met you, this is crazy. Here's my number, call me maybe 😉
Join us this Thursday at Spill at 6pm for a How's it Growing party for the Mustache 4 Cash/Color 4 Kidz fundraiser! It should be hairy!
Orange with a tan can be pretty hot!
I hate the radio I've heard the same 5 songs at least 10 times each today
Enjoy it Michael!
Thanks for the retweet of the Social Media Danger Zone! It's a scary place to be...
My friends at are getting ready for the 2012 #CulinaryOlympics and I'm helping them spread the word. Going for gold!
Word to the wise !!! RT : Don't fear the enemy who attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you.
You better be prepared!
"Grown over Hoes"-The Motto
ima go next year
Are you sure you can't??
How's the summer been treating everyone?
Conan O'brien cant stop is a fantastic doc
Thanks ! I haven't-looks like good reading though. I want to do a show how including "nature" in city design is important.
Did you know snooki outlast tweeted me
Are you kidding me.PSTD?. No wonder Social Security is running out of money. Thanks Mike for exposing.
We love you too!!!
big congrats!!!
I've determined that despite watching hours of cake & cupcake related TV shows- I'm, in fact, no better at decorating a cake than at age 12.
I've been exhausted for weeks
Welcome to Nittany nation!
omfg I thought it was due Friday????
Wonderful weather for scouting! ;)
anyone know how long it takes? Downloading iOS 5?
Going over the schedule for the unconference soon.
I'm surounded by the guys in physics class. We have a sub so that=no work
it was an autocorrect on her iPad!
: I have to get my car first. When i start work that's gonna be the first thing i'll get.
Had a nice dinner with , Jill, and Keith. Now I have experienced Hawaiian fusion food.
when middle schoolers have bigger boobs than me👎
I'm SOO happy with the picks, but in more shock that we actually used them. LOL.
If we took per game stats from that era at face value, there would be no argument against Wilt being the GOAT.
RT Junior staffers competing in 'worst Hunger Games/North Korea' joke contest. I am thinking of firing them all.
that awkward moment when anthony&jonathan show up at your house & say you don't tweet a lot :P
Just followed
Photos of my house are in that book in the chapter on Westwood! Great book. We have it at the gift shop too.
some people say your 2 bussy 4 ur fans . WELL I THINK YOU LOVE, CARE 4 US AND YOUR JUST TRYING TO HELP US THOUGHT UR MUSIC =)
uh fine *kicks you* now time to summon the flying horses
The kid's getting ready for school
We are now testing Arq Backup For One Of Our Office Mac - Shaping up to be "Best In Class" for Cloud Storage On The Mac -
The surgery was a success!!!!!! Thank you lord... He is truly the Amazing!!!! I am so blessed that he was my surgeon today.. God is the KING
Checking in at Higher Dimension Church!
it's a conspiracy!
And I hear you control the too in addition to True or rumor?
don't make me beat you
Heyy! #followfollowfollow i will follow back
Holy shit, haters need to stfu and leave the fans at peace! >.<
you're one few! I just know the difference between someone doing something because they want to not because it's what's expected
is anybody!! LoL!!
Harris: “That’s not in the best interest of the district to treat people that way”
RT : Holy Reunion!!-Lord
learning omeka, feeling empowered to archive.
160 Followers on Twitter...Hm, things are getting better every day!
SAT tomorrow. Early to bed for me.
im on the net to network, not to be your friend,like really?mtmore210yahurd81me
Thanks Dave!
Of course! Thank you as well :-)
That's fine, I thought it was two articles
Good morning :)!
tha do, why I said look just tad bit alike!!!!! @
Ice it immediately. Lie on your back with something under your knees, icepacks under you.
I am happy as well.
Announced today: the launch of the Barnes & Noble eBookstore (www.bn.com/ebooks), the world’s largest eBookstore (per B&N)
keeps categorizing DC Parking tickets as "Entertainment." I guess that's one way of looking at it.
that's fantastic, just love Henry and his music thanks for.sharing!!
The Chocolate Library on the Food Channel! www.foodchannel.com/articles/article/chocolate-library-opens-nyc/
did the sweats fall down?
What am I talking about I hate pie.
having a hard time... gotta keep pushing forward... sometimes I can't see the end of the tunnel, but I'll get there,I know #StillFighting <3
Maidens always wore their hair long in those days, and when they met the man that they wanted to marry...
Rocking out The Bitter End on Friday.. Hopefully we find as much success at when she played there.
I found your lovely irreverent blog via GothamGram and love its lovely irreverence.Thank you.
A-Stat's first mixtape under Suburbial Music Group coming out soon. Look out for it. Keep yourself updated with the movement. We takin off!
Be an optimist - at least until they start moving animals in pairs to Cape Canaveral. -Unknown Author
Follow the Anderson-Abruzzo Balloon Museum Foundation, & get a membership! Great perks for a great deal!
Just thought I'd mention how wonderful spotify really is
at Robeson. These fake coaches are funny to me.
It all must be balance so from the best comes the worse and from the dead comes life.
A t-shirt is more than fabric thrown over a body to avoid nakedness. It's your mind partnering with your body to relay a message about you!
Fuck my life! Worst day.
Love You Back! I miss you and all that you are! : )
We are having paella (and lots of #wine). It's the first time we haven't done a turkey!
I give my stamp of approval to #KEYANDPEELE. Very funny show
Paul Wapner on founding of Global Environmental Politics. New avenue needed for newer subject matter. Not traditional poli sci.
I know what you are going through I am 27 days sober myself
or slam
Ughh like my dentist, hate going to the dentist! Left Side of my face is numb
happy november y'all. let's not forget the best holiday is coming up.. thanksgiving!!!
School Starts in 26 days! Where did my summer go? I have to get to blogging again!
Sebelius says goal is to be sure every youth in America is safe at home, school and in neighborhood.
I say the same thing! & thats why I'm still single ;)
Congrats! Conveniently close to Zuni Cafe, one of my favorites.
Buffering should not exist. You should just click on a video and then it should play.
I cannot wait til u come to the mile high city that is Denver, CO. ...i know u love me and soon u will see..i was like 8 at time.
Hard to forgive him for batting Donny bleeping' Murphy second last night also...
#humblebrag RT : Just moonwalked with Einstein (and ) all over the brachial plexus.
I will be your Outlook class..I want to figure out this #businesscontactmanager in 2007..
Tomorrow is a VERY SPECIAL DAY !
The key to winning escalator races is to get the #1 pole position
I wish I wass everything you wanted
A IS ON MY REPORT CARD! LOL
Kenny Rogers - Through the Years ....
I just realized I only go out with ricans :o lml <33
MOM deserves it! Bring her to Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint for a Real BBQ on Mother's Day :)
I will put it on my bucket list. Love to come visit friends! Smiles, Rochelle
yeah that kid is something else. Where was this?
Game one of the Eastern Conference Finals? 0 Goals Given.
is at DiscoveryBeat 2009 in SF - application discovery in an age of noise...
HEY GIZZLE!!!!! LOL I KNOW U BEEN GRINDING HARD AS HELL WORKING ON 8TH CD TGT ALBUM I SO CAN'T WAIT #GSANGELS 4LIFE. GODBLESS
RT A1: Mitchell, SD: train depot is now a restaurant and of course the Corn Palace is a top 10 basketball arena
I think the phrase "Compose Tweet" is quite grandiose. Not to mention how grandiose grandiose sounds.
We keeping this lead. Watch.
My two cents. I think George Zimmerman has either left the country or killed himself.
Why loser ? :D
"This house is filthy, get off your ass and clean it!" "bitch ya Dick is filthy, suck it urself tonight!"
I was right!
nicely done team!
the Angel fans are really pissed off right now I hear them cry and cry on the Angel Radio show in california
I know right! I'm growing my back!
Good Monday Morning to you
Loving Real Time w/#billmaher tonite!Oil spill pissing him off + #immigration just gets uglier.#ChrisMatthews great panelist!
Awww thank you eric.... I miss u friend : (
Crispy Chicken Salad w Cherry Wood Smoked Bacon, Red and Yellow Grape Tomatoes French Vinaigrette, Challah Toast and 2 Poached Eggs.
oh dang!
Hey I'm a fangirl who enjoys obsessing over Cody Simpson, One Direction, & Ariana Grande.
The way my daughters whine and cry so much, I'd almost rather them be teenagers and dating boys than deal with this crap.
born in Bethesda Naval Hospital...will have to do
Dalton won the tv for me!
Weekly check-in time with and
The other day in gym when Demarcus said I was going straight to hell <<<< lmao
The most beautiful gift we can give each other is the truth.
I saw it alone, and it was great. Me time.
sometimes it is funny for me to think about how much Brooklyn has changed in 15 years.
Dang I just wanna sleep in....
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." - Mario Andretti -- Great Minds Quotes ()
Watching Sherlock and trying to write an essay don't go together very well.
you my baby <3
Why do all stepdads on the hallmark Christmas movies plan to ship the kids off to boarding school....smh...
How pervasive in science is degrading treatment of technicians? Or is it just culture of specific places?
Taj Gibson is personally trying to get Boozer amnestied
Thanks for the follow Chester!
For what it's worth, I'm still nervous. “: This will go down as one of the more gutless performances in Mavs history”
thanks, Kimberly! I'm still learning about writing, too. We learn together ;)
Yo! Me, & are here. Come see us! Section 114, row 8.
We're at the War Memorial Plaza all afternoon across from City Hall! Come visit us and learn how you can advocate for a child in need!
Hunger Games at midnight tonight, I'm so excited! 👍
Gravity can never hold you down as much as Hate and Greed
I'm a little teapot.
Haha. I had to do it.
- thanks for following me and welcome to twitter. Be well, Marc
Yeah I realized that after an hour or so...
NO!!! Stop lookiin! There has not been a tracked leaked off of UNCHAINED... I protects my shiit. Be patient ppl UNCHAINED cumiin real soon..
Get it legit, noob. :P
Either "Jump Around" or "Ice Ice Baby."
That lettuce doesn't look very tight, Jim.
Mooresville NC school district provides laptops and digital content for students for the same daily cost of a bottle of soda.
Great gig at Wolf Trap! Keep checking our Facebook page- Third Stream Giants, for photos and videos of us at Wolf Trap! :)
I'm getting lazy, I get excited about my flights getting cancelled so I can sleep in.
For the latest in Music Fests, Travel, Culture and general goodness, make sure to follow on Twitter
Get that outta there
Seriously, how do you run into a fire engine???? It's big. And shiny bright RED. It's kind of hard to miss!
“: God is Good :)” and all the time God is Good!
whoa get it
If Evans and Bruiser can hit open shots, the #Badgers will be tough to beat. Tonight, it was Evans' turn to shine.
lol and only you saw it
Ha! No groin kicks, since I don't play merby. Maybe a few love bites.
I love you too
Ha, don't worry! It's a general sentiment of editors. But take heart, I was working on other projects today.
RT : Another trend for fall: military. Maybe inspired by Milan's menswear? Check out & for inspiration
And..Amazing. Ah, the old elbow to the eye routine! Hard to master to make it look like an accident.
“Do not fall down in your job as a parent"
great question. We're curious to see the responses.
verdict is in, foreclosures are around for a while. Would love to help if you are in distress... www.homesellerhelp.info Remax Results
No but I got bitten back for being a psycho! =)
Dang sorry I missed it.
I'm probably the only one I know who gets more sleepy after drinking a red bull.
A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga. <--- Ion wanna see this shit no mo
Can't wait to see them done!
Guy on the phone to his attorney. His ex took his kids out of state and never came back.
Oh mother, tell your children not to do what I have done.
i just heard about it! i hope they can get it under control :(
of course you are
Guess the internet dismantled the throne of kingmaker NME style & disseminated the power to create stars into multiple hands
Thank you! She keeps me on the move - never a dull moment, she's a busy kid! :)
There Be Dragons in my pants
And *that*, folks, is how you play billiards. RT : Fuck in one hole. Bust. Out of the others.
This essay interview is 20 short answer questions with a 3 page essay... -_____-
Come check out happy hour tonight at the West Wing Bar from 5-8pm inside the MGM Grand!
Ridin' Out In The Whip!! Haha
Watching a #celtics game in overtime on tv is crazy but I bet watching it live in the garden is ridiculous! I wouldnt be able to breathe lol
Work in the am...
I like elephants. That's it. If I have money, I don't need another reason right? Free elephant rides for all!
Are some people at GSA not too terribly happy with Google Apps Email Migration... that's what the little blue bird is telling me...
unbelievable. that is al.
[inappropriate joke about penetration by wasps redacted]
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail. David O. Selznick
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead Well geez, there are just so many, where should I start? ... You serious Twitter? This is trending?
We care about you! Let us know what events and promotions you have coming up!
#Guilty > RT That awkward when you read “moment” yet it isn’t even there.
thank you Captain Obvious RT French vocabulary : two-door sedan coach = coupé
Thanks for the shout out brother, you ready for Christmas? Hope your doing well!
Ordering my free credit reports....SMH!
is going to take Kipp and Sydney to iFly at Universal City! Has anyone tried indoor skydiving? I know it'll be a blast!
I going back to the 1970's in music that is
"Lady Gaga has no fans." Uhm sorry, I can't hear you over the 70+ MILLION Little Monsters screaming around the planet.
I walk to the office kitchenette to get tea and I find...GIRL SCOUT COOKIES!!! There goes my healthy eating, lol!
I just had a *literally* ice cold beer. And I remembered why that concept has become such an advertising cliche: it's fucking delicious!
yea I went 2 the aquarium
- Sadly the great Wichita station is long gone. Just an empty lot there now...
"Spike dat fear bieber" # I <3 justin.
Thanks so much for your generous donation to our event on Sunday night! You rock! I mean, you POP!
all registered Wordcamp Ed DC participants should have received an email update today. If not, let us know. 16 days until the event!
Very cool images! And "B stands for beer, which you drink when you're dry" -- goes without saying.
text me cus my laptops broken ;/, and i have half bar left.
its actually at Indiana University. This gets better and better
Happy Mother's Day!
Are we done making the Ryan Hollins jokes now? Dude is playing his tail off.
">>" usually means "much greater than," not "leads to." Maybe "->"? Same # chars.
#SomeOneIUseToLike tried to steal my Bacon ..Let's just say she won't try that shit again
I'm pretty sure I just saw "him" fly by me in his car, lemme text this nigga lol
Damn L.A.
Thanks, Bill. It was a nice morning. How are you?
Prediction. stays in Cleaveland.
thanks for the invite to throw. Means a lot.
sex sex sex sex sex sex I'm a virgin sex sex sex virgin sex sex sex haa
Michael will be on-site with one of our larger clients for the remainder of September, but will remain available for emergencies & calls.
fair enough
I AM SO SAD I AM NOT THERE
Salud to the end of a great week!
Oops... Bees blow it again...
City Ordinance of the Day: Possession of an open container, or public consumption, FINE: $303
S.O. to these followed! Everyone follow them!
I die every time that commercial is on. They picked the PERFECT guy for it too.
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you" RT
Thanks! And heck yeah, I'm going to FFL12!
I lived there for a little while. Quite awesome ;o) RT : Eating my last meal in Italy. Super sad face.
OH...SO, Y'ALL WANNA HIDE THE TWEET THINGIE, EH? WELL...I FOUND IT...SO THERE! ;-)
You know what also wouldn't hurt to add? Another ) to close your parentheses. ;-)
HAHAHA I'd like that ;)
You should come follow all of us on #Instagram. Come hang with us in the world of pictures!
Rainy night special at Magazine St! Get a free waffle cone with any purchase over $2! Just mention this tweet. Offer ends at 11pm
Braving the crowd at the Shins free show! #SXSW :)
Impressive night at the Blue Jays Unlimited Senior Athlete Banquet. This is arguably the most successful Sr Class in JHU Athletics history
as does yours,Cherish Calendar! :)
What is the play?
Hello to all my followers... a sad day on this world... give thanks for all we have and continue peace with one another...
I don't think I've ever met someone that talks as much as Mrs. Downs
That is great to hear, Anthony!
Hey what's everybody been up to tonight
In 2012 we are strategizing and working with some great organizations and brands.
“: haha if anyone has to drive 600 miles for anything sounds like an open market to me #opportunity” True that, JD
I'm officially tired of hearing Joshua's voice!
he's a rescue dog. Notice he only has one eye
Happy cheap chocolate day!
Great dinner with and Sheryl from TekWorks. Talking #AudioVisual and #Architecture over sushi.
I'm pretty sure my wife counted for 1/2 those visits. They just didn't recognize her w/the her new outfits
Takin the ACT tomorrow.
Anxiety induced insomnia is back. No sleep for days. Awesome.
if u got eyes look at me now!!!!!
For sure! I will.. You go out there and be successful! :):):)
Then we should probably start a TV show.
Testing from Tweetdeck....
Well I guess it is now. Thanks!
Give the gift of good health this holiday season. Buy your loved one personal traIning or a gym membership or both!!
Want to avoid the masses of First Friday? Than get Downtown TONIGHT for Preview Thursday!!! 18b & Fremont East will be a rockin...
No books 4 I read!! I'm excited, I can't living without books (that's nerd). But, If I start + book, I finish before Friday?
I am not happy about it.
Sounds good!": Currently Craving: Benjamin Roll, Puff Daddy, Garlic Salmon, Tommy Roll and a Zig Zag Handroll. What about you?"
My wife is trying to teach her dad how to play Plants vs. Zombies on the iPad. Ah, Christmas.
We’re excited to welcome the Conference to Portland this weekend. Thanks for all the great work you do.
Sitting beside (:
Just delivered a gift baby portrait session. Someone is getting Balance for Christmas!!
Tebow to the Jets. Well....I've got nothing.
Who else thinks next years Super Bowl #halftime will be a flashback to the 70's or 80's with Disney's "Up With People" performing?
In need of assistance converting 3 separate accounts into 1.
#inmiddelschool everyone accepted you
You should do twitter contest too for OD!
National Drowning Prevention Alliance- "Drowning prevention through education"- AMAZING
Anytime yo. :) but alright we shall talk tomorrow.
I just taught my entire #EBUS118 class from an iPhone (thanks to VGA adapter)
How did I get so lucky to have such an amazing guy that comes w fantastic family :)
Tapestry is making me feel itchy (but in a good way). It is officially on route to the printer.
If u r following me,u need to find ur way to Eden lounge. Dj Life off the chain. Greeks are representing tonite. Rooftop is rockin!!
what man eff dreams ! lol he better go to fetish
lol mind your business
Invest more - and more intelligently - in #socialmedia says
did u do wat I said or r u still bein a punk lol
lmao fuck it. She ain't gotta know. But yeah homie. We gonna be on that page again soon.
shouldn't have let the eye doctor dialate my pupils. I can't see anything
how about a threesome
www.facebook.com/cftnurseryinc check us out
It was tasty :)
Happy Birthday! :)
Frostee will be a nice addition if the Browns sign him. Less Jayme Mitchell = More production. Solid move to help the d line.
#bored i miss school! Ugh did we cook today? Text me from haleys phone..
28 days of being alcohol free and I feel great. Now to relax
Baseball game
No. It's near Greenville.
i think its time to take this show on the road...who want me to come do a show in they city first?
im straight jamming to your album up all night! i jus love it!:D love you
A cool $10B when compared to their $100B stash doesn't seem so bad! I think is in Boston as we speak.
Seriously this is so educational. I'm learning a lot.
Drunk and cheerful dancing at Rasputin. Come to be my partner!
Hi Maegan! How's IL treating you? Thanks for the follow back.
I can only imagine. I was at a home that had chickens and goats in the backyard
you call her your great aunt
Regardless of how it goes down, life goes on.. Am I right?
Jerking off with an iPad
"We are not vilifying people because they are rich but the problem is..."
because I never see it anymore
there is a Meet Up for seeing movies?
what's tea why you can't pick up the fucking phone lol
tweets stuff that is 24-48 hours old news #Unfollow see ya
Than the ssuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
But Deborah is also good, as long as you sing it in falsetto.
Loving this Malentines Day . . . What's that you may ask? . . . Why its watching Firefly and playing a drinking to it. Garam good night!!
I Believe My #Feature Is Bright
It's not an up or down vote no matter how you spin it #DesignedToFail MT
one of the best shows ever!!!
Ay Wandita, I know the feeling. I've been handling it with bobby pins! Going to get my hair done today, al fin.
Gooney-Goo-Goo, Gus.
SUMMER. HURRAY. :(
Booboo Stewart? Sorry can't find him on mention
Trivia is underway here at The Tracks. We've got a very drunk, very loud crowd.
I've never had LESS of an idea what the Denver Broncos are going to do in the
I'm glad you stopped by, but I want you to actually listen to some songs too! They are all different. If you hate one, try the next one.
what shoes do u have on?
what time is game?
you must unlearn what you have learned
You know it's finals week when you find a highlighter in your bathrobe pocket.
Adding Twitter to our website
“: Love how Big Sean says "Swerve" on "Mercy" <3” i love how u love stupid things kimpossible
Can security meet me in the front in 25? RT I hope you survive
Thank you to the wonderful woman of Marin YWCA who invited me 2 speak today. Met some new friends and learned about a wonderful organization
rain checks always good and it's raining now! See you soon.
Filming the funny today!
so I have officially been grossed out. I watched the human centipede 2 it was so awful. Don't ever watch it you will throw ...
Guess I'll check out Dancing w/ the "Stars". The pro dancers are more famous than the new cast... Smh
: No I want be going down for the funeral. Kashia is sending some flowers trying to find out who has the body.
I gained followers. Idk if it was cause of you but.. yeah
Up with lots to do! Thank God for your abilities because I know with Him all things are possible & on that note, GETTING THINGS HANDLED!
Always fun to enjoy some laughs and cocktails with the likes of and aka BlindManSees.
reason #1 why being a public official sucks, you have to read the rules carefully.
@ my terrace! Yaaaaay!!!
for when
1 week down, 1 more to go in Seattle. $7.50 left. How would you get creative to survive? Need ideas.
because they hungry and really tryn to get in the game. you gotta respect they drive homie.
.. He was offered citizenship to avoid visa complications and remained a New Yorker.
safe traveling to you too! Maybe we'll see you there!
My English teacher is talking shit about Justin. Fuck her.
No good games...guess I'll look at OSU.
hell yea, congrats my dude. better see you soon gotta have bro week asap
I really need to see this Hugo movie.
let me know if you have a few minutes Tuesday or Wednesday evening? Don't need long just quick catch up and a huge hug!
Fridays here!!! *in snooki voice*
Home | Duke University
Everything is all good ;)
Are those 'firecrackers' in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Just a lake day
#np jack and Diane
Just got home from #LeftForum. Much love to , and for hanging with me and all weekend. <3
I see more and more actors self-submitting. You really have to know how to craft well to make good audition videos!
yeah I lived in small-town Michigan w/ no jobs. There weren't a lot of options. I don't regret my school debt.
Congrats Bert, yer Awesome!
with an exclusive interview in moments on - tune in!
4 hour nap, then I'm back in Ft. Worth & ready to tackle another day.
Aha! You found it. Hilarious. I miss Mitch. "I saw a wino eating grapes. I was like, dude, you have to wait."
our boy is up to tricks once again.
up to 50% referral fee for all real estate professionals,,please visit my website and call for details. Thanks in advance
Heading to later for industry night!
Pretty jazzed for Glasslands tonight, no doubt you'll bring us an AMAZING set.
Wow. Is this quarter even playoff caliber?
RT : Boy shows Postal Museum volunteer a vintage first day cover & says "Isn't this the most beautiful stamp you've ever seen?"
the new video
cuz that's the way I roll lol “: I take my sweet time even though I'm running late -.- why?!”
u think ur funny don't ya?????
I'm riding round & I'm getting it, its mine I spend it!
Wow, 1 more add and we will break 19,000 fans! You guys are the greatest! Thank you! Brittney Sager
HUGE fly that won't leave, lord help me.
Congratulations! Well deserved!
I'm definitely stressing out over these freaking finals.
I'd stand up for myself now but back in high school I let folks say all sorts of terrible things to me. Bullying sucks.
Grr :p this sucks...like.so bad...;p maybe i shouldnt even go.
Day 2 of my gastric trouble showed little improvement, but I am hopeful for today.
Rosario, Bejarano, Talamo: Hey, Dorothy you're not in Kansas anymore. Just keep hustling and you'll beat them all. GL at OT.
I'm watching A&E's #Heavy and eating Blast O'Butter microwave popcorn - is that wrong?
working with morons!
everyone on twitter is saying it. I guess their producer tweeted about it?
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Working on some really awesome changes to the way users can set their availability. More flexible, simpler, and quicker :).
Waking up out of hunger <<<<<<
Looks super cute! Shoot, I should've come by today.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Lou's ass is still better than yours.
can I go? Lol c:
Derrick Bell: "It is painful for many of us, but it is time to acknowledge that racial integration as the primary vehicle for...(cont)
“: The Everything Cookie is decadent. Perfect mix of salt and sweet with potato chips and popcorn. Heated too.”
did u text ur friend? I texted her but she didn't respond
My favorite was the Austin Mahone shirts, and posters that i got in my basket(:
you're kidding right?
Hope everyone's having a great day in the sun! (:
I get random Manfredi followers. Do any of you get 'same last name' followers?
Orioles are out, we're hearing in Baltimore..any updates we appreciate. Thanks!
Hi Chigusa!!! I did not recieve your messages :( you can just type your twitter name with mine from Saki's twitter :)
No its okay. It's not I want to talk to you.
I STILL NEED A FAMILY TO CRASH FOR EASTER!!!!!!!! GA lol
I should probably get my Civil Law book out of my gym locker....
Guys and gals one more place to network in a clean enviroment www.spiritflowtv.com
:) RT : great meeting , & at #dh2012 see more of u tonight at cocktail party!
Catch David Way, Reign Supreme, Vitamin D, Wizdum, Blunt Crew, Prince God, n Manny Duke at Beer Co 2nite! $3 shots! Ugly Sweater Contest!
ontinue to be the bane of our new tech world! I too know prior art was GC at Dataquick for almost 20 yrs but no one asked.
Yes I owned my SC 400 for 16 years b/f trading it in for my new IS 250 in October 2011!
Awe, shucks!
Ok everyone: make a point to hit pearl market this season. Today's opening had 51 amazing farmers & merchants. Great eats!
Keynote a #SACSCOC conf is Mark Taylor, www.taylorprograms.com.
I've found a liberal applications of star wipe and comic sans seems to convey an appropriate amount of business decorum.
i always wanted to see The Departed
You smoosh it?! It probably ate all the ants and stuff that were crawling around xD
jay was a homie of mine hes dead maan
well have fun in FL!! We'll have to do a class with next week when you're back in town.
How would I use Apex if I didn't have ICS on it?
I am going to laugh my ass off when the don't make the playoffs. Their fans talk so much shit for not winning the division.
Yes, but sarcasm? RT : If you need to type ;-) at the end of a sentence, you probably got the tone wrong and should rewrite it.
We couldn't hear you guys at all. D:
With the area you live in, just put some Santorum for President signs in your windows. I'm sure you'll get some fire.
Excited about -- Team INFLUX, who "help libraries design amazing user experiences"
See you are planning to pitch a big tent at #foxfield! Stop by one of the #REDD booths when you are there!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff JUMP UP AND ASK HER WHAT SHE BOUT TO DO AFTER U BUST
Seen a site Memphis 6.5 favorite.
Packing my lunch & making my own java!RT It’s more important than ever to conserve cash these days...how are you doing it?
Do you think the #Brewers will go thru all the bathrooms at Miller Park with me so I can help em out? 90% are configured wrong..
is anyone else irrationally annoyed by the twinkle twinkle little star Truvia commercial?
You're a shotgun - bang! whats up with that thang? I wanna know, how does it hang?
LA next week and Vegas 2 weeks later.
Without a doubt best halftime time show of all time. Madonna! Cee Lo! Nikki Manaj! MIA! So incredibly awesome.
In west philadelphia born and raised
I love being with
Tonight's MWC Championship game will be televised on NBC Sports Network at 4.
Is bed time for you oh should I text your girl why you looking at other girls notes on tweet
i followed
Lol don't hate
da bears RT Bryan Anger is highest punter picked since Todd Sauerbrun went 56th overall in 1995.
Seems like everybody had sox stuff on today. I was one of them (:
Hahah! Lexi just ran up to Ella and started blushing. You have done somthing to her, she loves you :)
RIGHTT? I'M DREADING IT.
#Makeup tip: applying a dab of peppermint extract on your lips will give you a sultry pout due to its ability to increase blood flow
wonders...Do you think the guy that invented the vibrator heard voices saying, "If you build it, they will come."?
and they're graduating! I don't think I can handle it
a big middle finger to NYC public transit for treating brooklyn like 3rd class citizens
Jon you mean?
Yes, I was, and great to see you there, too! Were you taking notes? You go, girl.
The tires are the things on ur car that contact w/ the road, the car is the thing on the road that takes u back to ur abode.
Ciao donna molta bella e brava!
I can take your girl..
Thanks girl, I miss you too!(:
We liked your bedroom portfolio and would like to talk about working together. All the Best! Larry & Michel
Something about that name Jesus it is the sweetest thing iknow.....
"Once we rid ourselves of traditional thinking we can get on with creating the future."
you got this babe :)
Oh my, ceviche out of a food truck...not sure it was a good idea...
Shooting some acoustic vids today with the ever-talented He's sexy behind the camera!
I just tried to vote, and it said: "You Had Already Voted For This Poll. Poll ID #7"
"Half Baked" Star Returns to Helium!
thanks again for Rollin through the event last night. I hope u had fun.
My ampeg svt 6 is finally repaired & ready 4 pick up. just n time 4 bass tracking tomorrow :) can't believe I blew up the whole motherboard
shout out to ur cousins lol 👍
haha i suppose christine!
Why oh why every time I look like crap must the campus video shoot people insist on using me in their video?
RT The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood.~ Buddha Truly right! Let's think before we utter the words
This meeting could be the lamest I've ever attended!
1st day of spring break. Laundry & very small amt of housecleaning today. Marathon of Midsomer Murders tonight. Now time to read.
Sarah who? CPAC? Call it what YOU will. I call it a trainwreck. #Romney #Newt #Palin (caboose)
well I am
My mom >>> anyone elses mom :)) for real! Happy mothers day to the greatest woman in my life :D
"A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all." Michael LeBoeuf
i retweetedd it!! (: FOLLOW? <3 i love it so much. i watch it everyday hehhe :D
90% of rap is crap. Wayne is among that. And you hate me everyday so whats new?
Thanks for the mention!
Whoever just texted me saying "let's hook-up behind the trash cans"........NO!
Just saw Lil Wayne on a motorcycle.
“: Happy birthday, 😉” thanks girl!!
Good Morning. Everybody! You should have a Apricot for breakfast.
this new #fbupdate up a gift to psychos from the stalking god
"My goal is to reduce customer effort." - love it
in a week! Will you be close enough for me to grab you? (appropriately)
Thank you SO much! That'll be a huge help :) I'm lost when I get north of the city.
So little time, way too much homework to do
were are you from?.. U seem like you would be a Cali guy aha :)
Go Demons! Great game. : Final Score from McGrath Phillips Arena - #DePaul women 71 Marquette 59
Maybe you should rejoin your rhythm and blues band!
#ThatsWhatIWant a Smoothie
I would LOVE 2 drive that on our ST #hunts!!! lol ;) btw, where is my twittertutor?
I don't know that we do... Do we? We have committees on curriculum and policies
wow! my mom is telling me what her and my dads song is:/....
I don't do Kmart wall HANGERS or YARD #art! I make custom pieces for ppl's HOMES an LAWNS... BIG DIFFERENCE!
Go threw the remarks with a fine tooth comb and strengthen it. They showed you're blind spot in life so adjust your mirrors and keep driven.
nice win. Instead of playing invest your BR in other players. See if they can book u a win. Might have a better shot lol <3
Shout out to ! This girl knows how to support an artist! =)
i wanna be with my real man
Just finished my week on "Happy Endings." Pay attention, folks. This show's funny as hell. Keep watching ABC to see it!
So unfair to impugne skills of residential rate advisors without letting them defend themselves character assassination
Hell with being rich forever. I wanna be Rich in Christ forever.
En route to St. Maarten, ciao Miami!
gives Dewhurst the nod, snubs former Dallas mayor Leppert...But what weight does the endorsement carry?
In my dreams, you're alive, and you're crying.
I wonder how many of us really are living our life on purpose? I know I am Sometimes, not all the time. I would like to all the time.
I've never liked Fairy Odd Parents.
LMAO! RT : Right?! He's also yummy for a white boy. I'd hit it! :-p
THE HUMPTY DANCE. YES. This afternoon is going to be more productive than ever.
": Oh, so you're wasted? Please continue to type long texts with perfect grammar." People at my school.__. Hahah.
this is exciting stuff
But Bridgeport is the best! P.T. Barnum Museum, first Subway and all!
I just realize that no one on this corner has swagger like me!
google translate probably does a better job: ちひろ
Also for a fullback his recovery speed is non-existant
Wow! - Placed my order Thurs night and it is already here! Speedy!!
If I learned anything from 's #tumblr, it's that there's a big dif between good & amazing photos. Amazing get shared, good do not.
How many think #LAUSD will surprise us with how they use the furlough money? The surprise can only be in level of outrageousness!
girl on a bike. Fringe theatre rehearsal followed by friends' gig on Frenchmen etc. Horns. dramatic back story. :p
I am insanely bored rite now :/
On Borrowed Time was fantastic!
now following ☺ 🏃 back !
$42 spike in the $AAPL aftermarket, I can see the swarms racing to it.
more to come on this one because trying to see expense of flights and tix
Sorry I couldn't make it to the Ice Rays game. Did you check out your DVD's?? Are they working? C-Ya.
So... I think my brother is cuddling with his cute white boyfriend on the couch. AW
Who got a voxer hit me up
Unexpected night off!! And I get paid for it!! How awesome is that??!!
geez, blessed today. handed out food to homeless, a lil packing, a friends musical performance n sittin in on a jam session!
My math teacher is going loco....like always
eCommerce in an Inbound Marketing World Webinar Series
lol that tweet was great.. im following u too & that means that im following u too in english (?) lol
yeah! u should come with me, sara, ag, kayla and lily!
We did NOT close, name change to Camos Brothers Pizza, same owners, cooks & recipes you love!
Quantumsphere founder, Kevin Maloney talks to us about Nano Technology and the changes it can have on some of the products we use everyday.
its on valley view and twain.
I will see what I can do!
she's making my life a living hell!
what animal would I be?
You're welcome! I just wish would provide the Kindle format as well as the epub
It should be illegal to have to go to school on your birthday!
that show sucks now, THAT show should be cancelled, not all the shows that are being cancelled
country music is the best.
nigga get on skype right quick
People with no self awareness. Yeah you should definitely just back it up all over New York, I'm sure there's rarely anyone behind you.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore cuz the last time we had sex i fell asleep with u on top of me and had a dream i was being molested by a midget
Come join the High Life Movement ....
RT yes the cops have pretty violently purged a 2 block radius of civic center.
I think it's HF 247 or 249, one of the two. Not sure which.
I definitely got the better end of the deal.
Oh man. It's ridiculous how excited I am about THE PRISONER OF HEAVEN, the new Carols Ruiz Zafon book coming out.
YMCMB The Real Meaning Is: Ya'll Mad Cole Much Better
Holy fuck my leg hurts
"Damn, damn, damn, Jose." i think are the lyrics to it hahaha
I wish more people lived in sleepy!
Here we go Greece has had 2 ballots and people are frantically pulling 1billion$ out of their banks! It will affect our tax money & economy
just got your letter and am thrilled you are working to reduce. Congestion on Sepulveda. Thanks!
it freaks me out when identical twins look nothing alike
oh my gosh! How long will you be here?!?
Where else can you earn 9%-13% on your investment money? SECURE...practically RISK FREE! www. littleoldladybuyshouses.com
Complaining about the business model and justifying theft are two completely different things.
