Ready for day 7 of 12 days of Michael & Marisa? To win u have to comment the right answer on the Facebook post. We'll tweet the link soon!
Got that right..
That's exactly what I said!
How are you Doing today?
because you're interested on fixing problem. Plenty of ppl terrible at a task but not interested in fixing it.
I'm the Barry you were talking to on the Dakich show yesterday. Great job with Dan.
We The Type Of Family That's Always Late For Some Shiit.
Love it! I would add a "circa." in there for good measure...
way to kill that interview W/ ! We support you!
Hmm...so what's the weather like in Denver? I honestly can't tell.
I have no motivation at all to get out of bed to get ready and go to school
Reading the VH issue of ClassicRockMag and drinking a Schlitz Tall Boy. Life may get better than this but does it need to?
Jokes on you babe (; I love my life (;
torrey pines lodge. beer fest. two words: CHIPOTLE IPA
Welcome to glad to have you as a follower it's an honor :)
British people greet each other with kisses on the cheek… … ;D xx
gonna bake up some treats :)
How ya like me now?!
lol that too
...city council. We also considered the fact that she is a public official. Then we decided to report the story and her name.
Good Luck ! I Voted For You<3
I was trj
Um, hasn't tweeted in 2 months.
How about writing press release that presidential candidate blanky blank will be visiting their home/school for dinner?
Let Dan Coughlin entertain you TONIGHT with his crazy stories at the Tuscarawas County Pub. Lib. At 6:30pm
that's what I've been doing hahaha
enjoy! What a great way to start your Saturday!
That awkward six months where I've been logged onto twitter on Stephanie's iphone.
WTF? RT : Cities that aren't SF: You need to stop trying to serve burritos. You're doing it wrong. (LA, you get a pass, though.)
"we say da'tonsies as soon as we wake up"
Need a stunt 'driver'?
drunk ass
CROSBY SHOULD GET THE HELL OUT OF THE GAME. #ImNotFallingForThat CRAP.
Somebody forgot to tell me there would be 3,000 kids in FL on Spring Break. Reminds me of the old days in Daytona and PCB.
Easy day today
Q: What are the differences between your influencers and your best customers?
Email tip: To emphasize enthusiasm, write "Thanks" with an exclamation mark. See: "Thanks" vs. "Thanks!" which do you prefer?
Well at least when you're sobbing your eyes out in your own apartment there's no one to try and hide it from.
APASD meeting on real life estimating with local AD Mark Albertazzi. #apasd,
Good Luck to you in the future & Good Luck to the team this week
Certainly not "worst ever" but they are the worst squad that Fergie has had in 20 years for me ol chap.
Love you too :)
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm right here! lol I'm bored too
#Devils tie the series at 1. This win gave fans some hubris, and by that I mean some Zubrus.
lmao!!!! Depends on what they singing...lol #barrywhite :-P
follow me? (:
Agreed. What's become the core msg of the R party no longer makes sense to me. Too much moralizing & too little substance.
I'd love if someone would spark me up right now ><
GOD MORNING PACKER FANS EVERYWHERE.....!!!!!!
Get to shoot tommyguns with the FBI tomorrow. Being married to my husband has many perks.
There is so much to be grateful for. These are exciting times. Face the miles and miles of trials with SMILES! MUCH LOVE to all sex workers!
im stupid savage... why my ribcage that big lmaooo well niggas stupid and my bitch bad lol
Earl Sweatshirt needs 2 come back i need them fire lyrics
I know I got something to live for and I need to know that something is you <33
Face down ass up all I need is three stroke bet you go fall in love with this dick
Thanks! I just turned it on. Rising tuition is a growing concern among #GenY because the ROI isn't what it used to be.
great sry i cant spell
It's awesome when you think you work at 2, but you work at 3! yay extra hour.
You say that a lot in our convos lol.
Welcome downtown, Mini runners, and good luck to all of you! 👍
Baltimore Ravens Hard Knocks will be airing tonight @ 8 on NFL Network!!! 🏈💜🏈💜
We've reached 1000 likes. Thank you all so very very much!!!! We might something special for you soon...
Ma way home.❕❕❕
I think my friend does : Who's got an extra ticket they want to share? Sharing is caring.
wow tyler almost got caught :3
u know what else is rude.. U! For not hitting me back!
it was yum! loved the pics of you at the Magic Circle..ty and hope you are wonderful....
- I think that trying to prove there's no God is only a failure to recognize the existence of nature.
If you light a lamp for someone else it will also brighten your path. ~Buddha
It's easy to confuse 'marital' and 'martial' sometimes.
i care about you<3
When People Act Dumb Reason.
Help! My siblings didn't buy Mom slippers for Christmas so I must get them for #MothersDay. Costco & Fred Meyer don't have them. Where next?
Anyone in Rochester want to house me for a few days this week!?! Yeah? Yeah? No? Come on?
Watching my favorite show, GH! Embrace the drama peeps!
I'm looking at a table of 3 morbidly obese DA's sitting amongst 1 attractive one. Girls! Give up the truckload of Cheetos! There is hope!
...make us feel all warm and fuzzy inside, and download our stuff.
ok that makes no sense but i apologize for going profane regardless. Please explain what #nobama has done from your perspective.
Great Friday Words of Wisdom! : You only need to start with one small goal. Set it, achieve it, then believe it.
Andy Pettitte is back? What?
I'm glad David Robertson got his 1st blown save out of his system. Never do it again.
I just feel alone and that no one really wants me on twitter cause I am a guy who loves ariana
My sister keeps singing "don't drop that thun thun thun" #annoying!
Phone calls after 11 are booty calls so don't answer unless you on that same level as that person bcuz ure gonna get lol
RT : That was definitely the best horse race I've watched this year
Need a nap today. Slept for barely an hour last night and woke up covered in random bruises this morning. Either someone beat me....
I actually believed Ashley for a second and went to her page to check her followers lmfao.
Need delivery?
This is a tweet test of the Jennifer Nangle broadcast system. This is ONLY test.
First day in a long while I have left work with it still being light outside!
Block them. They can't follow you, you can't see their comments. Going private and accepting invites, lets people DM you.
YAY!!! THEY ARE HONORING #WHITNEYHOUSTON AT THE BILLBOARD AWARDS!!!! THIS SUNDAY @ 8PM ON ABC :-)
The dream is so convincing that it's not until after you wake up that you realize just how asleep you were.
On bus to see #dalailama at Ucsd. Traffic not as bad as expected
re: continuous integration. Better than "constant continual changes" ;-)
its ma babies birthday today!
I love you three lol <3 thank you so much! ^_^
haven't you gotten used to it by now?
thank you!!
I had really awesome day too!! I kept telling Air how good of a day I had. Sage DOES NOT like yoda
Leave alone with the pregnancy stuff... Im watching #KhloeandLamar... she is totally stressing! It will happen when it ...
Getting the most financial aid For families with college-age children, the financial burden of paying for their college degree has grown
#askharry most annoying thing in the world?
I love getting into fights with the bathroom lady in my school..
": Who's the more foolish? Kim Kardashian or the fool who follows her on twitter?"
RT : so the Angels were the mystery team? huh
I agree. It sounds like rest of team feels the same way too.
I'm sure I speak for & when I say we had a blast! Come back soon. :)
NEW SUMMER PROMOS COMING SOON! Check in with us tomorrow for great specials on radio commercials! :D
what american?
OK, I'm back from my dinner of delicious homemade chicken soup. Now where was I? Oh yeah, the treatise. Almost done.
We love Magic Burke! RT : I love cake!
JW have u ever requested your own songs on the radio 2 help boost them up the charts?? I know I would (HAHA) LUV YA BUNCHES :)))))))))
Uhm you better not be having munchies!
There is a guy at the Brewer game w a fluorescent green hat on that looks exactly like me. He's getting a lot of TV time.
Salma Heyak...Gucci ???? you sure it wasnt designed by the Robot from Lost in Space
Thanks. I think it worked.
Zambrano looks good early...
Lying is pretty pathetic, people need to grow a pair and just be honest.
the YMCA on high st
Sure did draft Coco Crisp, the Oakland A's Center Fielder.
what are u talkin about?
Go on home with yo abs & pecs loser lol
So excited to go shoe shopping tomorrow!!!😝😱
Thank you very much, I'm glad you find it helpful! RT I love your site. Good stuff.
oh Jesus. Sounds about right lol
Listening to some classics for the first time. Pre- ...is a real boy tunes. Crazy stuff!
Hope you win the #shortyawards Pey! Hope you are reading this!
Claire Kramsch's invited colloquium on FL & globalization on now! See her coedited Trends in Applied Linguistics series at our stand
Just because i have a #Mahomie account, it doesn't mean im not a belieber, aidanator, psanderette or any of the others. i am.
i really be on my LostKen shit
Need to do some much needed promting. Please followers (what little I have) help me out!!! Love you -Jordan.
. and I are at Graceland. This is the tackiest house I've ever seen!
can you spend more time taking care of your child instead of flaunting yourself and flirting w boys 24/7 on fb? thanks!
The bbq was so fun yesterday I can't believe I pulled it together last min. Thanks to all that came I really enjoyed ya.
I know what u mean by that!
This studio session is bananas right now!!!
how was your day today? o: and thankies you are too. And also very nice. ^___^
can i list myself as not single somehow so the ads for singles in my area no longer show up? it's.. troubling. :/
Really interesting "the Personal analytics of my life"- mapping 32 yeats of emails..
Don't miss a chance to meet composer Philip Glass today at the Contemporary Arts Center. The conversation starts at 3:30PM, and is FREE!.
Need some extra sleep!.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XOOXOXOXOXOO
Gah I apparently have a boob fascination today! What the hell?!
There isn't one class where our drivers ed teacher does not scream at me or
Don't forget tomorrow over Club Pleasures
The most important thing in life is to be yourself. Unless you can be Batman. Always be Batman.
every one of their buildings looked like a castle. See, that's what I want! #what?
Great conversation tonight w/ & about happenings in #fintech in ATL and the great ppl driving innovation.
“Life is a ﬁght, but not everyone’s a ﬁghter. Otherwise, bullies would be an endangered species.”
To bad this will be Mayweather's last fight....he's got a date with Bubba in a few months in the state pen...hey look what happened to Mike
Learned my body needs 1798 Kilocalories to maintain my homeostasis. But I insist on eating 3000 kliocalories just for extra proteins & fat.
I don't usually tweet.. But when I do- I hope it makes her smile
Myrtle Beach recreation for Wednesday, April 10
Dear DC coffee shops, please start playing Ok, thanks.
Not only did bring you lunch, but we also brought you a product nominated for Best Tech We'd love your vote for
I'm currently working on our company's brand guidelines/logos usage.
not me! Soy un hombre muy agradable ;-)
Please and thank you!
Internet Talk show, June 21st 10-11am PCT Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER? www.Drrosie.com, click on listen live
XD!! I just mainly hummed while u and JJ sang lol
Congrats! RT : dare i say it? i dare. best. audience. ever.
I really dont want to go to school tomorrow :P* :\\
On vacation living the dream
I know I passed like 4 accidents on 264 just now smh crazy cuh.
Ooh, tell me more. Has the pdf reading interface gotten better? I was making do with the old pdf reading system, but....
it may be the supper club talking but I'm sure all is forgiven
idk i cant run so
Why liposuction? 3 reasons: a more flattering figure, a more proportionate shape, fitting in your clothes better.
didn't know about this. Thanks for the heads up.
you don't understand! my rage level is 92920292739 times infinity.
Chillin' at my place with my friend.. We might go out later :).
Guys are straight creepin'.
damn i think i lost these vocals...smh
Thanks. Much love to you too. :-)
This guys name is Steve Francis ... Please be who I think you are.
just had the most delicious burger with a fried egg and porkbelly on it. Should have taken a picture
fyi, the brand is Reef. They're incredibly comfortable, too.
i look so messy right now.
man yo had my in shock!!! I literally stood there jaw jacked!
R Hotz. Journalists' stock in tade is Doubt. Comparing models, examining alternatives. Does this approach disserve readers?
#ccid2012 presentation on Troika Model Concept.
Kevin do you like DD or #SharkTank better?
Mike Allen and the #Politicolive folks should learn how to pronounce Oshkosh.
Please go away bad thoughts :(
Light rail is packed with O's fans today
I really wanna go to Hawaii! please?
David Berns says the changing face of homelessness in the district is moving away from single individuals to families
Celtics al day
City of Charlottesville appoints Chris Engel as the new Director of Economic Development Director. Aubrey Watts is city's COO and CFO.
Peppercorn garlic chicken omelet with blue cheese for breakfast, how can lunch compete?
April 6th in Lehighton @ Erin's On First w/ This Is Hell.
If the Badgers really had five of Our Hero, it really would have been 1000-0.
Tennessee is a hype place to live
my boys gt a 29 point lead and my nigga Austin rivers der
Lol Victoria secret pink nigga u know ion Lik matchin plus it its matched my shoes
Happy 4th of July... up state right now, once home more band practice for the Playland BATTLE of THE BANDS July 20th hope to see you there!!
Jk my boob itches
So rude, yet so funny
On the lighter side of news I have that stupid Somebody I Used to Know song stuck in my head.
cause when me and joy was little we used to hear the mice on Cinderella sing that lmao
Gabriela ... it isn't riotous clamor
I don't care. You pick. I haven't eaten out in a while...
And I get paid tomorrow! Hoping this tax free weekend dont be no bs...but more than likely if its 2 good to be true...then it is...
He can't remember what their houses looked like, but he knows every cafe he ever drank coffee in along old Hwy 80.
It's the Trenchcoat Mafia, Charlie Brown
when people text you about some dumb shit <<
We'll see you there!
Meeting w/ a client group today & we are going to talk about: "How To Energize your employees" Morale - Empowerment & Soliciting Suggestions
I lost all respect for the blazers!
u forgot watch a video check oh wait that was me :)
Where you want me to send u the backgeound? Email?
I'm always looking for beats man. What is your soundclick name?
I'm done chasing, I'm standing tall and letting them come to me.
Yes u r da 1 haha luv ya.Omg just got my BWUsummertour tickets on dallas tx.cnt wait to see u love ya so munch so excited?
Bitches who stay mad over one lil thing<
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube and gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
I just wanted to say that u guys r so amzing! U guys prvoe to all kidz that u cud accomplish your dreams! Awsome work on ABDC:D
Finally bed time, :)
O Hell Nawww
Awesome panel discussion at #sxsw When Filmmakers meet Interactive - the Canadians have our butts kicked here. Multi-Platform storytelling
Any word length is fine by us.
I got love for the underground Kweli, pimp c, h-town where Bun get down.......
He'll be editing book reviews, and trying to starve the Daily Beast.
im pretty sure we make the best music.
your the bitch =P but i miss you!!! not cool!
yeah, so proud of myself. :)
#RandomShoutOut to ppl on my timeline: :)
#God thank you for writing my love story, thank you for your love words, thank you for your love, thank you for everything & for being you!
He appeared at the beginning of the show. I want more of and !!!
I'm just going to take a wild guess that my first #Nats game at new stadium will be called for rain. Ya think, #DC?
The Akward moment when a girl you talk to in class, is talking shit about you but yet still talks shit.
no way! Chick-fil-a in Tullahoma?
It's a liberating feeling knowing that no one cares what you post!
kids know technology these days. That password won't protect your phont
he will follow :D just never give up.
your boy Richard has my controller Hahah or do you?
Devotion=Success in Motion
lmao I mean sure why not. :)
with this kind of #weather in #Miami, my pool will never get warm!!
Trap or die bitches! #ThugLife. \m/
I've been workin' out my body, all the live long day. I've been workin' out my muscles just to pass the time away. Yeah!
My momma is a OG. what's funny is u probably reading this tweet and think I'm playing. Lol
Forgot to tell you yesterday that I like the colour palette on Gems.
I mean... I might even get it myself. Lol
Dog owners: doesn't it weird you out when passersby stare at your pup while they're crapping?
What if I give you a clue? It's two thing by the way
oh yeah lol I'm watching Make It or Break It
can you tweet me if you get this?
Had an amazing afternoon at the annual crawfish boil with my Foxcroft friends and their Tulane husbands.
went to Ensenada with my family and Nana and I met this amazing guy who give me 2 sanddollars for free when i bought some seashells <3 ty :a
I should get my hair cut after my dental surgery, right?
knocking things off the to do list - go me!
Renting some scary movies and hanging out @ my place with Sean&Linda Not really feeling getting wasted lol you're welcome to come
Beautifully done Victoria!
Congrats to our third winner !! Can't wait to see you Sun to meet
same here
The Scorpio Races is INCREDIBLE! I didn't even sleep on the plane last night...and I really needed the sleep :) LOVE IT!
WHEW!! 3 seminars in ONE day! We are happily WHIPPED! Bring our seminar, "Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days", 2 U. Email .
Oh how I love naughty girls ;)
Rough draft of chapter 1 of book 3, Autumn in the City of Light, is complete! Kudos to Dana for her hard work!
Gonna see Andy Pettitte today.....almost time to start Pre-gaming with the boys....better get out of bed!
If you're in NOVA today, particularly Fairfax, I am signing Rooster, 1130 to 2:30, INOVA Fairfax Hospital on Gallows, in the Tower Gift Shop
so true! I have more than one favorite now! Arie, Ryan and the guy with the first impression rose!
#WhenIWasLittle - I tripped out because of the "monster in my closet"
dont lose what you could have had because youll miss every little thing of it
Come visit us?
I think I'm in luv with yur song. Its like my anthem rite now, I make my own sunshine :)
Japanther's Beets, Limes and Rice
hey girl follow me back:D
Battles at One World Trade The public has focused on a fight over counting One World Trade Center's antenna in the tower's height, but im
NEVER too early!
zetterberg has the best backhand in the league.
why did kim bring the baby to the gun range? could they not find a babysitter?
My ex boyfriend Chase
Zayn and avocados, Niall and potatoes, Louis and carrots. What's next?
ah, the refrain of the academic...
Taking my mother out to eat
Strange the media hasn't announced Tanit Phoenix joining "Safe House". I do believe you could get a hotter jpeg of her than Sam Shepard.
you better stop by while you're here!
See Jaxy on HARRY'S LAW: The Snark Queen! Weds., 10/12 on NBC . . .
Well, I am having some damn fine coffee at the moment (in a restaurant with animal heads on the walls)
People on the bus complaining about how hot it is.. but they don't wanna open the Windows
"We're going to cut away from Newt Gingrich because we have important news to report."
where R u?
Went to a Mormon wedding yesterday where most of the guests were from Arizona. That was really..uh..interesting.
No man can minister to an infant with a woman's tenderness. (1855)
words can hurt a lot more than most people let on.
Why am I always tired everyday.
time to rock the house!!!!!
*jumps, drops sweater, looking around, calls out softly* hello? .. *frowns, eyes sweater, shivers* oh hell its too cold
Save room for my love save room for a moment to be with me
Pianta: we trained professional development coaches with a range of experiences for our research project.
Nurturing, loving environments, communication, having lots of room to run
tell Marcus Alex says hi if you see him :)
#ufc surprised Diaz is a dog on this fight, should have laid cash but who knows he might be injured - gonna flip back and forth to boxing
Shots! Shots! Shots!
I like Barca & Vinehout, they r both full of piss & vinegar & care about WI & their constituents,need to study both more closely
I almost had one of those shirts... had them, but they don't anymore.
it was so good! Did you read the book?
The secret iconography on Rice's campus is well thought out. Those interested should search "rice walking tour PDF"
Hey Brian how's it going? ( :
WOW.. just felt the earthquake here in Maryland.
Not sure how anyone can support Mayweather. If he played any other sport he'd be the most hated in the world. Not to mention he's corny af
Just another reason why I love Chicago. Messages via stuffed fish.
Matthew Perry's TV career is much like the Hulk's movie career: Both only succeed as a member of an ensemble.
#CocaCola is cutting on #advertising costs with having dolls to promote their product now loool
I just Laugh (:
Can't wait to see at
Thank you for that. There are a lot of things in that area that are very interesting
#jennettemccurdy also is awesome love you
lol, I'm gonna get on later(: then we can video chat
M Maybe Thursday or friday afternoon?
I follow back yall #teamfollowback #500aday help me get my follows up!
thanx for joining in. Have a good night #OMCru _/l\_
Define and achieve your goals FREE at www.IamINC.biz !
Sappy Sunday Tweet #2: Lilly's b'day isn't until June 3rd but we had her party 2day before we go. What GREAT kids. Parents be proud!!
1st Oscar of the night goes to HUGO! Achivement in Cinematography, YES!
Thank you for celebrating with us. Did you have a great time?
RT if you Love your Ohio Fans. (:
Hey Bitches...In the Trenches at 10 this morning. Uncle Greg used to use questionable substances in the NFL....he still does but he used to
university fellowship websites! I'll send you some links if you want ;)
Stfu & go suck on something -.-
Jamming in the car>>>>>
ill beat it by Friday. Sleep isn't necessary, but you guys are!
Been a really long weekend about to call babe and call it a night....
you're too hard on yourself
#eugeneoneill Is in love with the following tweeters: thanks beautiful people!
lmao now you know what I dealt
Paul just set my computer to update for my iPhone and iPad. 4 hours to go, according to the download thingy. Ugh.
oh I believe it
Wondering how I let my wife get me hooked on Dancing with the Stars. Seriously.
SAG commercial audition, SAG commercial callback and then filming Busy, busy day. Let's do this!
Dear Mrs. Santoro, Thank you for ripping my papers to shreds. You made me better.
Lets make love with Austin.
The point of a relationship is to make the other person as happy as you can, because their happiness adds to yours.
But it's mostly reviews, right? I'm really looking for reference material on regions and grapes. Is it like Gambero Rosso?
Any spots left for the Baltimore Tech Breakfast tomorrow?
"We must love and respect each other."
come hm to sit n watch hoops, w/out the face & only voice, thought Brad Daugherty was calling Mich/Illini, it was Stv Bardo
yo u black bastard from gville, quickly hook up wit someone and tweet bout it. Hope u doin well man.
yeah whatever the ran u off campus, coon
Exactly what I was thinking. Why force Twitter to be only a synchronous stream for live content? [Oscars, Superbowl, etc.]
Yea we had our moments but the good out weigh the bad
Hi Curt :D
THANK YOU for taking the time to meet Jeremiah 2nite in Portland. You'll never know what it meant to him. You're a true class act.
Finished a whole movie in class! The Princess Bride was actually a good movie.
The big news of the day isn't that Santorum dropped out of the race, it's that Gingrich is still in it. Who knew?
:: is tweeting a running commentary on the company indecency policy seminar. A braver man than I...
Have a great time! cc
This week in my new hire class has tested even my flexibility.
better to be racy and sexy than racist and sexist
on the way to subway.
#Tweet #SweetStuff! Get yourself a great complextion using starter kits. Glow with us.
If you don't think someone's worth your time then more than likely they're probably not.
awe why? I'm good
It's Friday so special thanks to our newest followers. Recommended for sure:
La Costa Canyon 2 - cathedral 0 at the end of 1st
Thanks so much for the tweet! We're so excited!
If I smell like mothballs: haven't been to grandmother's house, and I didn't just return from India. Just purifying naphthalene in orgo lab.
How are my beautiful tweeps? Just got back fryin DisneyLand. Had so much fun. Guess who I saw, while we were walking around? Can you guess?
gonna be a fun 9 yrs “: “: Prince Fielder #Detroit” DAM !!”
Interesting..“: Kentucky Derby audience was 51% female.”
": Sometimes I wish I had more middle fingers."
Wish we were visiting Bear Creek Kennels today for the ribbon cutting. Congrats and Mom and Dad will bring us by soon to visit.
Happy St. Pattys Day everyone! Green beer here I come!
Also, the new owners that have moved into the building love it! Looking forward to a really exciting and busy summer!
Would be so awesome if it would just rain all day long
Indeed...but I didn't want to gloat!
we can discuss our love for driving in LA, and maybe talk about music too ;)
One wild rumpus has ended. Another has no doubt begun.
convenient you left your number off the image of the photo...
knows where to put the blame in this whole mess: people offended by Limbaugh boycotting and calling up Limbaugh's advertisers.
gale: school librarians have great tenacity, but we recognize that you are confused and we are confused.
RT : So MMG held a press conference to announce they signing Omarion? They could of Tweeted That..... << lol
in other words I am right on target again! Wow, a Soros funded shadow operation cool! ,)
Nice sunny day NYC!
the captain morgan 18.97 special this weekend has done some work on everyone at this party...
RT : It's official: I am running for the WV House of Delegates for the 67th District. Good luck! Look forward to helping!
Digital story timeline has value: story breaks-twitter-initial post-more detailed story online-full story in print.
We've been buying buying & buying AMAZING gorgeous stuff from NYC's fashion closets so stay tuned for all this set to go up next week!
A loss? I never lose creeper contests! Lol
Photoshoot at the shop for new flyers and ads...photos by nuvi
I'm afraid to say it, but it appears that the emails only do her good if she decides to run.
I volunteered 15 hours total in high school. I know the exact total because it was court-ordered
its werid when I try signing in but it does nothing helple me plz
A one-man show singing his life through the songs of his idol, #FrankSinatra. Catch #CaryHoffman performing #MySinatra live.
haha so what u doin now still surfing? :)
I used one of those computers back in the day, but never saw a unicorn jump out of it.
well, its almost 2am. might not be online for a while... but love u! bye!
I like to imagine some animals have huge egos
Ron Paul is a nut case
Some chicks just cannot and should not rock the belly shirts. Trust me it's for your own good. You're welcome.
Thank you at Hartford Memorial for such a great weekend. I am humbled and honored to have been part is the social justice conf.
Gurus are pansy asses too. Gotta listen to yourself.
didn't know that existed! I'm going to go dream about rage face merries. Z.
Be thankful for life, be thankful for love for it comes to use from above!! REW 1/8/2012
What about Brady Quinn?!?!?!
i would hang with lupe fiasco and id problably ask questions about rapping
Easy ways out sometime lead to destruction because you miss out on the rewarding journey
Um So Mississippi!!!
Just realized my clock has been frozen at 10:58...Windows...
Went on tumblr and tried to reblog a pic.... Forgot i went over my limit for the day...... X(
omg!!:) I've seen them live 5 times!!!:)
#WorstFeeling being judged ...
Solitary man! lol.... thanks for checking out our band :)
Increase your online sale by 25% or more by just creating mobile website. worldwide mobile users has increased and 3G technology has made p…
THEY DONT HAVE FAITH IN YOU UNTIL IT'S TO LATE!!! AND YOUR ARE ALREADY IN THE SPOT LIGHT!!
Happy holiday
Grey Goose chery nior ! I'm not ready but imma learn !
People with laugh out loud tweets
Made My Day <3
Thank you for following!
followed you back .
im great
Wow! The American Dream has gone up in 4 yrs. Well, not really, there's been a 70% increase in food stamp benefits. Let's blame it on GW!
I like being in and around all these brick buildings. And no sinkholes despite the rain.
I love that when I do that last cover check b4 bed, my baby smells like warm, buttered cinnamon toast. The best.
Thanx man!! I'll keep you mind for a model.
Happens to me once a week. RT : was just asked if i like usher and became very emotional
Not something that been brought up here, will donso--thanks!
“In a relationship, honesty and trust must exist. If they dont, theres no point of loving. So if you cant afford to be honest, stay single.”
I love my president!
Losin' games on da way to the Championship?
WATCH: Lee Corso Awkwardly Asks 'Where's That Kid At?' During Penn State Huddle via
aye let me buy a couple of them snacks from you I can't get up!!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Fuck wit the team! #TSKG bitch ➱ #FF & the the whole team is in the bio! #FF them too!
RT Monday night is playing at Sonar in Baltimore with
“: Our! thanks diva! you always in my heart! My add on messenger: ” thank you :)
Ron Pope? Who is this glorious man with the most amazing voice. Gives me chills.
#NP Hodgy Beats & Frank Ocean - Snow White
Who do u like better New York Knicks or Miami Heat ? 🏀🏀😳😊
I want to go to a massage place...
Sample Curriculum Vitae or Resume ... - Best Job Applications Locker
Research based on individuals presenting for sex therapy generally finds a negative relation between...
To Artists: Keep trying, you will see the light at the end of the tunnel. I look forward to hearing about all your successes
You are so right.
lol that's funny. But I'm actually a third string corner back for the chargers 😁.....
Welcome to my backyard! Hope you find some good talent here! At least there's great weather. :)
I LOVE that went straight to for mullet advice. ;)
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." William James #Quote Happy Easter
Text BRITNEY to UNITED(864833) to donate $10 to the St. Bernard Charity which is dedicated to rebuilding homes after Katrina. -Brit
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone and a day to love someone - but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
I've already answered questions regarding governing bodies and drafting of definition paragraphs. This is why I am happy we have a Ning.
hahaha. Oh my gosh that reminds me of someone,yep it's mee..haha.(:
BORROWED BEAMS OF LIGHT live!!! on Ye Olde Tuesday Afternoone Rocke Show we dig.
Veronika is making DEATH BY CHOCOLATE VEGAN CUPCAKES!! should be in the case by 1:00 today.
So happy Sokol Blosser has Evolution on the table at Oregon Business Assoc Statesman dinner. Dundee like me!
Love drop box! check out dropbox.com
Bingaman staying "optimistic" but admits that moving this #CESbill will be a major challenge. One step at a time.
Stop focusing on what God didnt say. Dr. Baylor
Don't worry about the battle that is raging. Jesus makes the victory possible. Through Christ, you are more than a conqueror.
Blessed Holy Saturday!#HappyEaster.No one knew what just happened, or what would happen next. They just trusted.Sounds familiar...:)
I hope this means it's the return of the VJ. Hot damn!
that's great...really happy for you...do you know what you'll be doing?
yeah, but I'd you're locked out, you can't really go home either
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page .
112? textbook robbery
You read my mind. Exactly what I was planning to do!
"Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first." -- Frederick Wilcox, writer
: respectfully disagree. Science is a story and a set of facts. The question is, who judges what counts as "fact"?
U following me yet?
If we were on fB, I'd do the thumbs up thing. :)
Back at the tower bar tonight (at Sunset Towers), duo, 7-11.
Lol I know I don't know diddly about dating. Gotta start somewhere! So why not the safest place ever, the internet! Lol
I wanna say thank you for following me
"Lmao: Can't say because the person will know I tweeted about their arm pits. RT : where are you at ?"
That beard is just an airbag for donut collisions.
Looking forward to presenting tomorrow on Tips, Tactics & Tripwires at 33rd Annual MA EI Conf.
Both items are really cute, but I'm not a big fan of them together!
I love y'all! How are my handsome Culver men? (:
baby:'( please I'm sorry
$300 plus shipping
I believe Bluetooth earpieces are commonly called "ear mullets".
Alright!!! The "Twitter might start charging" chain letter/messages are circulating now. Yay!!
do you not know how the internet works? i should start a mom porn blog with photoshop and all the mom pics i can find on twitter.
hung over...this blunt should help..
Miss your beautiful face!
I wanted to but had to go home to meet movers for quote :(
I should run for office.
The Organ Scene - I have no idea what Depp was saying because I was too busy guffawing in glee - DvL
I hate the quiet bc it screams the truth
if a guys nails are longer then yours, you know there is a problem.
Studio Time
follow me back please!!!
I don't care how gay I sound, but Panic! at the Disco were great
Your perfect for me!
WAKE UP!!!! LOL
I love Austin's hair<3 I just like wanna rape it with my fingers ;D haha #Mahomie4Life #MahomiesGoHard <3 (;
Having a nice chill day :-)
We need more vacation tweets!!
you had me at hello then you opened up your mouth and that's when it started going south
Listen to now or else you probably don't love WLUW or music and that is sad :'-(
im glad you been okay !! same here !! its been so damn hot lately, hate it
Just discovered awesome!
. glad to be in the trenches with you!
do you have any tips for those over 40 looking to work with a recruiter and find a new career?
Michael Almereyda has made two films that share titles with different films starring Bill Paxton: Twister and Aliens.
So-laser
Thanks! I can't wait until you can come visit.
DC Race for Mayor, Vincent Gray vs Adrian Fenty....Wow Gray is winning, elections results
15 minutes left and I only need 15 followers..please follow
You know you want to follow us! Come on, even a reply would be good enough! We love you <3
I mean, they gotta make those bitches.
Thank you so much for the words. We'll keep on rocking!
Yeah of course! DM?
RT I extreme excited regarding your nomination, I tried for well over 2weeks to reach n <--Me too.
Our caramel is gluten- free. Come visit us at Farragut Square today with DC101!
Shut up Satan, Jesus isn't in Hell and he isn't even in Heaven, He's in a ChristVilla overlooking heaven so shut up.
Don't Miss ESBN MONDAY NIGHTS @ ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Industry Mtg 8-10 & Party After 10-2am!! RT RT!
What does that mean?
The one time I dont bring my wallet and I miss the bus .-. *Flips table*
EAT IT WITH A SHOVEL MADE OF LOVE!
Summer summer summer! It doesn't feel like summer yet, but I'm so ready.
I located but can't find u.
No plans. Whatever I do I'm sure it will be out of this world amazing.
I'm grateful that these things come around only once a year: Valentine's Day, Tax Day, and Mel Kiper, Jr. Day, aka the NFL
Whoa! Are you there?
Fri, Sat & Sun is World Economic Forum in India. 300+ million people in Indian middle class now & growing.
The Sad Saga of the Vanderbilts
David's: a letter from a girl.
"Focus efforts on servicing n growing customers"; major endeavor @ 43% of co's 2 address revenue & profit growth goals (Aberdeen early data)
anybody on duty today 4/1? Got a debit card issue I need looked into asap. Thx
Night people bed time for me he:)
Thanks to the folks for an awesome time! Great job!!
"He is a jackass," said President Obama [referring to ]. “But he's talented.”
That early morning call <3 >>>> 8 days away
#GloriaGifford is amazing! What an awesome #acting class
- Best wishes to you in your new chapter!
is intrigued by the idea of a meat bell,
just got on 69...
You probably are for asking that!
Hooray for dishwashers!
Yes, Tebow is impressive. Must make you proud to be a Bronco fan! Have you Tebowed This weekend?
wow i broke 3000 tweets awhile back, the fuck has my mind been?
20 years ago today came Ride's epic Going Blank Again. Wish I hadn't already done a Ride Friday flashback jam.
#FeelingLikeALoser when you have no plans on a Saturday night.
get ready to loseZ
the players know he is gone an are no longer playing for him is like to get a new gaffer an start fixing this
I think she'd be perfect with Doug. But I'll definitely take Jef if things don't work out with her ;P
Bitch in front of me smell like hot cold cuts
T-minus 24 hours...
Jackie Martinez going global with song, "Look But Don't Touch." See it now on YouTube.com
The last 15 minutes of my shift made me one cranky #SundayLibrarian. Patrons noticed and now i have
loved the gloves Greg. Represent the "G"reatness!!
in #13Days you're going to have 18,000,000 new girlfriends! are you excited?
Very impressed with customer service. E-mailed them yesterday about an issue - FedEx'd a replacement immediately.
Goodbye Poe but DT position is deep this year
Totally new to this, and have absolutely no idea what I am doing. =)
Meeting is ready to begin...
so I nevr really got the time to listen to your album, but now that I hav I cant stop!! <3 PLEASE FOLLOW ME! ur inspirational!
me too!! But have to find hairstyles n stuff
How many kids do these GOP candidates have combined? My math says 127, but seems low.
BORED! I think i spend more time telling people I'm studying more than i actually study.,.....
Wait, I want one!!! I'll bring my pogo stick!
YO. MONOPOLY. MY PLACE. MY MOM MAKES BOMB ARMENIAN FOOD YOU'LL LOVE IT. COME OVER THIS SUNDAY
#DearSleep i love u!
Ok, I think we have them overconfident now. Right where we want them.
If U follow me and and I will give u a follow back
WHAT!?! That's coco-nuts! (See what I did there?)
Ran across a song on iTunes today called "Ginger Pupes." #ummsir #why?
I thought Rose's injury came on TNT in April. RT : The fact that the Bulls' season could end on NBATV in May is so depressing.
I can and do report them, I just see that game type as an opportunity for those that do.
Nothing my last boyfriend didn't do to me!
On the radio this morning, GMDM stated the move was still in the works/being finalized, announced later today.
Of course!
FF: , can't wait to see y'all tomorrow night!
Happy Mothers Day ...
I didn't mean to!
I had a few drinks at brunch today. Was wonderful!
RT : The team has announced that Brady Quinn will wear No. 9 for the Broncos.
I'm so jealous! Lucky :)
For the eyes of the LORD range throughout the earth to strengthen those whose hearts are fully committed to him. 2 Chronicles 16:9(a)
what do I do.?
Oh, c'mon Google. You like Tumblr tag pages for your search results?!?
Boyfriend and Turn To You are just amazing <3 I can't wait to hear all the other songs :) they're gonna be just as flawless <3
It was fantastic meeting and Robbie tonight in San Antonio.
Thank you! So nice to hear that.
I wish I could've stayed in your arms all night.<3
There are more movies in the theater that I want to see then there has been in a long time. Do they sell all day passes?
Last month in SF, I walked by the CBS Interactive bldg & wondered what sites they owned. Turns out CNET + some junk sites.
f u
YES RT : thrilled to be with as VP demand sales working with the leading demand customers to grow real time trading
Oh how I need some motivation to clean this house! I seem to be nailed to the sofa & phone! So lazy, maybe music will help...green tea...
There is a human hand on the raptor! o.o #JurassicPark ... o.o
#AMAHigherEd schedule myths about the environment.
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?'
So many work days could benefit from the intrusion of elder god tentacles...
This sucks!! Work week has started for me
RT : I don't mind when stupid people show up in my @ column. They help me entertain y'all.
What Is Madison's Middle Name?
I still got my scarf on, idgaf lol I refuse to let my hair frizz up today -_-
We had an amazing time playing with the fae at last nights Terra Mysterrium show. Pictures will be coming soon.
So my poker BR is 100us. Any advice as to how I can increase my roll. Except sng´s. Pros please help. Thank you
Opportunities come to those who create them...
Fingers tired yet? We're just getting started!
Sorry that I haven't posted for two days. Holiday weekends are hard. Back to my week of CJ today, though!
Shout from Alaska!
really is it a new or old episode cause my lil cuzin is watchin it too
going to show this Sunday!!
please update the iPhone app. Its too slow, and for a better word it SUCKS!!!
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT
GHS English acad team 1st in class 3. Have to wait until noon tomorrow to see if score of 16 will advance them to state.
I'd say a 59 in golf, 60 points in hoops. I'd say your 2 returns in one game ranks up there #realtalk (almost 3!)
haha i could sneak you in my luggage?
Happy to have received a letter from 15 year old Amanda who is studying American government at school!
Keen.com
Hollie .-. I love you so much. My mom and I were crying so hard when you performed. It was incredible.
we want to recruit awesome gov web writers to HowTo-ize content on howto.gov
did I see u outside d&d's last night?
Prettiest thing a women can wear is confidence.
Reflection & challenge are awesome & SO important but why does it need to come from top-down reforms? *shrugs*
Candles and relaxation. What more could I want!
Spring clean your engine, new air filter, new wipers, new fluids, new cabin air filter, new spark plugs, new brakes, new feron in a/c system
Gonna take a lover Gonna take her back to Somerville Don't care if she's pretty as we leave Suck City Permice Brothers, Somerville
Funny thing is the guy is a friend of mine, I just didn't know.
How are going with those Dell Huddle B2B podcasts? Any chance I might be able to help with some of the editing?
Shes Hands Down The Most Motivational Player On & Off The Field .. NOONE Else Deserves It But Her ! Yaa Know ?! :)
Very true.
The #NorthwesternMutual ad played on NCAA games sounds like violin torture. Stop the madness!
RT - The Cleveland Indians finally called up prospect 3B Lonnie Chisenhall to the Majors today! Finally, my keeper 3rd ...
u shuld hit mah follow button ya ✌😉
was checking out the space and saw bein' all co-worky and productive there.
Throat hurts so, my voice is non-existent, reduced to barely a whisper. Those around me are, no doubt, rooting for the cold virus.
That new ink I bought?
Collard green, macaroni and cheese, green beans.....coconut pineapple cake with ginger ale
wow such a little smart ass you are grow up
Can't wait to get the 2012 tin !
Richard Carmona "Finest Few" Low Riders Joins The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston And The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
Katy perry is a really bad actress. Lol especially in her part of me video. But her voice is amazing.
of course! :) we have 19 of them so I'll let you know when a good match-up at home comes along :D
No more bus tours talking about poverty-We need to fundraisers and investors to create wealth.
See our videos from #Cambodia and the #Philippines on www.youtube.com/planetwaterlive
Should also put it on your resume. Couldn't hurt.
I've had a good week (yay!) Hope things get better for you!
Character is what you are in the dark. ~John Whorfin
Morning to all hit me up if you need your hair braided or re-twisted
Happy Birthday and congratulations on your successful shows!!
I didn't even know I was nominated. Thanks!
In Denver waiting for the next flight.
thanks so much for the #bcbg skirt coming so fast in the mail.. great fit and i love it!
Happy St. Patricks Day!!
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH ♥ HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 8
11'11 isn't just a time isnt just a boy.. Alright i can't hold it anymo... ILOVEYOUSOMUTCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
he in the bed wit one now!!!!
thanks for following! We hope you'll stop by our theatre and enjoy some of the great actresses that grace our stage.
or myspace! lol
u a damn fool
Ha, good one. My Klout score must be through the roof! ;)
sign us up!
Come visit the Tech Lab's new laptop work station and cozy chair!
Reached 300 pages, finally! Don't have time to stop and celebrate, though, must keep going...
Guys, you know what the most expensive thing in the world is? A girl that is free for the evening
Thank you guys I appreciate the intros so far.
Still doin big things!! Bigger things to come!!
ur not alone in ur lust 4 Kate, plenty of guys think she's hot. I just think there are models that are way more attractive.
to beat your story length, they would need to read the Bible, aloud, in its entirety.
I didn't check the weather. I did, however, prevent a Marilyn Monroe situation before coming to work.
hahaha oh goodness! Mine was about Kendall from BTR.
RT RT Youngbloodz Performing live this weekend in Atlanta stay tune or dm for Details!!
If I were a terrorist, in the US or Europe, and I were not stupid, the last thing I would wear is a burka. -Nussbaum
And no, I'm not hungover.
The Future of Tailgating is at Slyderfootball.com
“: I'm not single, I'm just in a long distance relationship with the person who lives in my future.(:” the most awesome tweet ever
Ryan Braun has more than that... ;-)
For maximum enjoyment, size your #garden to suit your schedule
Team Wags Walk 4 Autism would like to send thanks for your generous donation!Please visit Chicago Diner Veggie Rest.in Chicago
thanks sweetie pie I appreciate it
So excited for Thanksgiving that you're craving turkey today? Come get our Turkey Scallopini burger, it. is. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!
love you :)
Time to go into the editing Dungeon, lol
figuring out what to do next after my season in switzerland.
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Reports Record Revenues and Profits for First Quarter of 2012
I wish I could get over a 100%...thats not even possible for me...
Come on now. You know All Along The Watchtower is a cover, right?
When we go to hear Matthew Weiner speak at MFA Boston 9/29, I hope he'll address how they decide what events to drop in, e.g. Andrew Goodman
RT : Latest 2nd round senarios: If LAC wins Game 6 vs Memphis, Game 1 vs. Spurs is Sun at noon; Game 2 is Tuesday at 8:30 ...
Oxford University's Internet Institute has published its first digital, interactive textbook for students - whic..
blah I hate work
Great Stand-up comedy coming to Philly this Saturday 11/26 www.conniesricrac.com
Pretty depressed morning, with upcoming biopsies and such. Try to be glad and gleeful, but the frankenstein in my id get the better of me.
Sometimes being single just sucks then other times its like woo freedom but right now it sucks
Oh what to do, what to do... Lots of decisions but thankful to have them!
Cindy SO GLAD you are cancer-free #1 & THANK YOU so much for registering as an angel to help another! B WELL!!
Good Morning SATown! Its Friday & time 4 the #bootybounce on w/ #XavierTheFreakinRican #BiggiePaul #Spurs Drive for 5 continues
I did not watch the first season on tv, but I thought that's what one of my friends who did watch it on tv said happened.
game fuck with cha boy its westside till hell rise
D Harris is semi injury-prone, Farmar may get a couple starts under his belt. You think D Fish will resign with the Lakers?
There are some seriously wacked out people in the world. It's not pretty when those people find social media.
Oh, man Messing's pregnant!
Are you showing bold enthusiasm in your life?
Merry Christmas from We close today @ 3pm & are closed Sat Dec 25. reopens on Sunday, Dec 26.
Thank you! We're so excited!
I'm jealous!
“: yu must be #fskw?”man I be chillen free writing :-)
Some girls on my bus today where talking about 1D and said Liam and Niall arnt cute! I wanted to kill them! And they kept saying Zayn's ...
PHOTO BOOTHS PERFECT FOR ALL EVENTS, LIKE WEDDINGS,REUNIONS,ETC. 4 HOUR SPECIAL $895 UNLIMITED,WE SERVE NORTHERN CALIFORNIA 1-888-442-4023
is interpreting my dream from last night. Be jealous, !
I would -KILL- to see a Pacific sunset. Relax, Don, you're in paradise.
Soon enough bro!!! ;D
I was just playing.... chill
lol ,not me I gotta start paying bills next month :(
I'm going to partake by drinking more #wawine !
Glad you like the song though. It deserves some airplay love. Tell your Seattle peeps.
if I look inside your brain..
I really like Screenflow, but use Screeny for great quick one-offs.
Thanks for the tweet about our app Courtenay!
RT : If you want to expand the library, build on its holdings, not just the building.
Hot wings and a blue gatorade
already planning Christmas gifts... oy.
I'll follow you till you love me papa paparazzi!!! Hahaha
Elsewhere by Gabrielle Zevin: Live life backwards...
THEY STILL HANGING AROUND.
Mayu, #fairtrade, hand-knit alpaca accessories are now sold in Taiwan! Woo-who, spreading the Fair Trade alpaca love to Asia. www.shopmayu.c
Did you know #NoelCoward wrote his first play, "The Rat Trap" at the age of 18? Learn more at the #exhibition!
RT : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.”~swedish proverb
Hey!! If u can, Check out on Fox Biz today. V-S Industries/our family biz will be on!! Thanks much Cavuto team!!
Just picked up my new #android phone. I love unboxing new toys!
Ok kool... and no thank you
yeah. Because his playing is so different between this year and last year.
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve’s success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented."
Seeds of greatness blossom in the season of greatest needs. ~ Kevin W. McCarthy
I hope you go AFC west to crush the #broncos 2x/yr for skipping you. Plus that means you won't crush the
I'm thinking... I'm thinking...
This is going to be a great weekend!!!
PLS FOLLOW ME JUSTIN
Visit us on Saturday at the Trek Women's #Triathlon expo in Pleasant Prairie and the Rock & Sole expo on Sunday at the #Summerfest grounds.
Thank you for the link.
She blinded me with silence.
Charles Higham dies at 81; controversial celebrity biographer - Los Angeles Times
I check into places at foursquare right before I leave.
im bout to go in on twitter today, nigga bored as hell, fuck the todays topic i got my own........Bitch im Loui V
Just recorded 3 teachers for our Classnotes podcast on STEM ed in high minority high school.
Escaping from the normal into the extra-normal
Budget lapse plan passes the Joint Finance Committee, 12-4.
I've loved and i've lost .
Folks I think I finally found the auto tweet app that I had set up to experiment with and have turned it off. Apologies for the nuisance
Good Morning to Everyone:)
Good afternoon tweeties!
had the best time in Vieques!! Lots of reviews and photos of the island on my blog :)
And for that to change, THEY have to change. Awareness about these issues must start there, in their personal lives.
She's still sleeping :( I'm bored
Lets Do This Then
<<<< Just gotta breathe cause my head is hurting from all this crap
Everyone at Birdsall Law Offices is wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holidays!
#dragrace Chad Michaels is the epitome of style and grace. The new old face of drag, my vote's going to CHAD MICHAELS!!!!!
Jonas Brothers Make Us Happy <3
Thanks for your kind words about the post and thanks for taking the time to let us know about the comment problem.
Boo to flight delays and injurious sweets. Emailing you a clip.
And a word doc with common comments: "Works cited in alphabetical order, you damn heathen!" and so on.
...a waiter told her he used to work at a US base. Some of his friends promised great jobs in Dubai, taken to Iraq & injured.
now I'm going to sleep, Saturday you're mine tomorrow ;)
uh huh! Lol
There's a Michelin-rated joint in the Wynn Macau with a house poet who will compose a few lines for you when you get seated.
I wanna watch! M
Morning! Oh really? well let us know who and what products :) U know we're all about sharing <3
I knew. It was obvious. Marty's bi; but Doc is all about the teenaged booty.
trio in stereo are done recording.. now off to mastering finalizing some things for the art etc. i love it when a plan comes together
I wish someone would holler out of a chicken truck at me, don't take that for granted.
now that i've figured out what that professor wants it seems so easy, almost, to easy... hm
Can you explain this to me because I am struggling with this Tebow dude?
Game of Thrones
Enough with the labels already, we need to move forward with an agenda for our community. re: Hispanic vs Latino label
cool it I'm joking mono boy
OPPRESSORS. THEY ARE HARMING INNOCENT PEOPLE AND NEED TO BE CONDEMNED AND THEY WILL BE. WHY DON'T YOU BLINK? SHE IS A GENETIC SOMETHING
Pappy Van Winkle is in-stock and ready for the Holidays! Come get it while supplies last!
Perfectly said. RT : We love this team, but damn...
dividend day! Woo!
I don't want to say exactly how long it's been... But just know some good sex is well overdue
Passion is the genesis of genius. ~ Tony Robbins
lol so you can dress like a slut ;p
Wine sale, $10 select wines
Listening to my sister prattle about music.
and a shout out to you all for hosting such a wonderful event! we appreciate everything that you have done!
seriously. It wasn't right! But I had a simultaneously productive and indulgent saturday, so I'm feeling alright!
The weekend is here - yeah! Rain or no rain who cares, time to spend with our family and good friends. Hope you all do the same.
Look! A chance to wear hats in school! 9/23 — PFO Hat Day, Bring $1 and wear a hat!
doing my best to pimp out your art... hope you don't mind the mentions.
it going well actually. Thanks for asking. I like your stuff very nice. We're just getting started. It's exciting.
A huge thank you to our Veterans! May God bless our men and women in uniform who make the sacrifices daily to keep us safe at home.
Either works! : |)
We are sorry to hear that. We do test the batteries before they go out but just in case one is bad, we always send an extra.
So I'm heading out the door...with one eye open 4 any of #teamponytail members. Oh, they're everywhere
Teaching myself kinematics and. Dynamics for the fucking FE exam is brutal. Need some smart food to get smarter
Many are calling for Ocho to have a big game on Saturday..I don't see it..How will he miraculously turn the page on this ugly season..?
Who has a pool? I want to lay out today.
Just got to work. It's my Friday with a busy weekend ahead.
Hawks Cay for July 4
what kind?
Flying out within a day to India to join Team Sheru Classic. Thanks for watching and we just filmed 20 new videos last wk
But they're just afraid of somethin' they can't understand.
Moring twitter.....M its nyc to b back....
To one of my favorite pro athletes of all time, fabulous career. Humbled to witness win 200 in person -
That was not the Britney tribute I was expecting and to cut it at 20 seconds to announce Beyonce? That was FUCKED UP! :(
Pulling Bryz did a lot for ya, huh #flyers?
iOS and Android Engineers - Ratio is where the cool hang out. Come hang with us!!!
deal. I better hear that after every shot tonight you give the infamous NBA jam catch phrase "he's on fire"
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially
the guy who offered 'the b00by trap' is correct...
Can you send again? I get so many that are junk it is hard to locate the right ones.
The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
One week out from three launch of the 2012 San Diego Family Expo!
Thanks for spreading the word about Tacos!
Dang two old conan obryan in one week.
I meant the original building, not the redesign. Redesign is dime-a-dozen.
are you working at Salut this afternoon? I will be getting a drinkski after work.
Plus he was looking at the clock and fouled at the last second. That's smart basketball.
"All these blessings will come on you, and overtake you, if you wil listen to the voice of the LORD your God."~Deuteronomy 28:2
Yeah, I'll be working with the Ames PAO team. So much cool stuff
The River is one of the most insane, trippy, shows I've ever seen!
North Carolina Governor Beverly Perdue's comment about how Amendment 1 makes NC look like Mississippi... BOOM
I'm obsessed with shoes..
you're my 100th follower! :D thanks!
Done with my freshman year of college. Praise the Lord.
woot woot.....glad u are....I need my coffee to kick in
Today in 1864, the H.L. Hunley becomes the first submarine to engage and sink a warship, the U.S.S. Housatonic.
The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss. ~ Author Unknown
It was a sprain or strain but he returned to action during the season
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. -Herodotus
My pleasure!
3rd girl came up to me and told me to make a tumblr just now...
do you ever wonder if the stars shine out for you...?
PLEASE--ALSO FOLLOW WE NEED YOU
Stop sending SPAM!!!
on the bus with Heaven and Christina , Delaney.
#informative RT The older you get, the earlier you go to bed and the earlier you wake up.
ha!!! Great pic
CAKE CAKE CAKE COME AN PUT UR NAME ON IT... ..(^_^)/
Thanks for the RT! :)
take it as a good thing!! :)
the kids bop kids was at my job singing it all say now i love it ❤
Looking for a volunteer to coordinate street musicians (not stage) for our event! Email if interested.
I have about 8 books that have been sitting on my desk that I haven't fully read...guess who's becoming 10x more of a reading fiend.
never ever too early talk.........
Ty for wishing me a happy bday
Do you have a moodle platlform? That would give you their logon time.
Oh no! Maurice Sendak.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Hilarious! RT : Tired of being single? Go sleep on the couch for a night and remember what it feels like to be in a relationship.
Up early with for
Fashion night out was a great success!!! Nicole richie was awesome! And rodeo drive was packed!! Did anyone attend ?
Raible next on NWSports tonight on
It's that day when half of America goes around wondering why people have dirt all over their faces.
This is why I deleted last time cause I never even tweet
Dear CNN: Is it really necessary to give so much info on the POTUS whereabouts in Afghanistan right now?
I, too, love the Sunday coupons! I'm old school, though, I read it every morning, then catch up online.
determines how well you do it.
glad someone does!!
never got that text -__-
not til after.
hey whats up!?
YES! RT : Ron Worth asks: ...do you find competition intense, limited resources/time, need to do more w/ less dollars?
Bye ,going to bed ,sweet dreams :-*
Urgent Prayer Request! My aunt Christine just passed away.
Ori left after that too. She didnt stay.
There are many black people who DO feel the same way I do about gay marriage. President Obama being one of them.
If I do come then I will def see the show! Assuming I could get tix....
Know which battles to fight and which battles to walk away from.
"Yeah, I'm, like, not here for the show, man." (But I'm, like, totally gonna stand up front and dance, though, cause this band's awesome!)
RT : THIS. “: And just because NYC is diverse, doesn't mean people are living a diverse lifestyle.”
great show at ! Thank you Rickie and for having us out there!
He love the way I ride it 🎢
Backing Bands: Sagittarius Band and Code Red
Listening to Debussy's piano works while playing MW3 is the only way to play.
I feel like you could grow to love almost anyone. Its just that most people don't give everyone a chance
Maybe it has to do with Fruit of the Loom. Is there a pear/pair connection?
and kobes shoes are gay
JAVA Architect US Citizen Green Card Consulting Position
can you rap about something else? It just sounds like your saying the same thing over & over.
It's boring not Tweeting.
Moving to the chi n a 2 years
Stupid Valentines day x.x
it won't let me follow you for some reason... And I checked out your videos there great :D
vs. good old fashioned beer fight. 4/8 Tues. 7pm. 12 amazingly hard to find beers. 1 coveted chalice!
lol get yo retarded self outta my mentions haha
Good stuff in the book room, including the new Chabon novel, as well as Irvine Welsh's Skagboys, and new Mark Helprin.
I'm only arrogant when my confidence clashes with your insecurities.
u a Real Lady then I hate chicks that get Gasses up cause thirsty niggas in they face.U Real Stay Trill Babe
Need new musick! Mention me and give me some ideas and ill follow yuh if yuh follow back
i don't feel good :(
think they are just moving on to bigger/better things. Heard their contract was up and they just didn't renew it.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHY YOUR NOT COMING TO FLORIDA?!?! )":
My son is trying to teach me how to eat sunflower seeds.
God I love you.
If u don't like or respect me for who I am then
nice job opening w/stories on Knicks, #Rangers and #Yankees. NYC losses much more important than anything anywhere else
#boored...its just me and now
OMG: RADIO IRIS by up in this piece - this book is dy-no-mite
The countdown is on! 6 days left till school starts! Hope everyone is ready to go back!
you're my favorite. CC
w/ the power of content distribution becoming democratized, how will that affect traditional content creators?
Youve got that ONE THING !
Yes, we're wearing our red in TX, too! Gov. Walker is trying to force WI teachers to be as badly off as the ones in TX!
Uhh no i start work soon!!!
Upcoming meetings in NYC AND San Francisco are getting set and almost confirmed... I'm excited...
this cell project is a bitch
Still trying to get tickets to the UNC Duke Game!
haha yeah unfortunately I dont know how to swag like you. lol
Hwy 30 (Old Columbia River Hwy) is closed at Nielson Road in Troutdale, due to a downed power line.
Well... I think it's obvious that I'm not in a good mood... :/
trying to write a song (any song help welcomed) so far i have written a few words and its not the best ... bu i gotta start sumwher u no...
i dont have an iphone!!!
Have felt supremely unproductive this morning...but this is a facade. I'm settling into something new. Good things.
college educated girl :)
"I'm 18 , I can't date her . She's to young" hahah...oh rlly ?
Yes I do! When haven't I answered you?! Bummed about the Preds :(
How people take the game for granted*
Amazing, have a great time!
Now everyone can breathe MT : UW met with Uthoff and announced transfer restrictions have been lifted except for Big 10 schools
Waiting at the carwash
The Only Place- Best Coast
Hooray! Thanks for using ShowClix. Have a great time at the event :)
Just hanging at the beach on Christmas Eve, no big deal.
Motorcade has I-66 west shut down, except for my orange line train. Which is a good thing.
Jeff George on line 3.
i might be able to, ill let ya know tomorrow
Never had much use for a saucer, myself. Once they can sit up, give them a safe floor area to move around in!
Word. Like I said, as a MacHead, I EXPECT everything. But I obviously expect to pay for it. So no surprise.
Listening to young forever by ready set pumped up to skate now!
#SUPERFAN! Revel in it.
Mueller: Visualizing twenty years of C with Google motion chart
we'll be back tonight ! Idk what time.
lol, I didn't think so either.
I started thinking bout my old toys I really started crying :( sigh
I get more red zone action from your mom.
the lighting effects that. Put it in a darker area and then it will look better.
doing great! How about you?
Tablestakes is how much you need to switch brands. No more. #amahigphered Do you agree?
Room is filling up for Grand Challenge talk
Just had a good d group leaders meeting. I really love n appreciate those men.
Blake Griffin is still begging for calls.
Talking about cinco de mayo with and Julie says I thought it was the 12th hahahaha
There's not one day that goes by that I don't think of the queen,
is it Jeremy's birthday or something?
Space Adventure Film a Potential Trouble Spot for Disney
You're welcome :) nice to see another guy
!!! RT : JUST GOT MY CAR WASHED TODAY..... GLAD ITS IN THE GARAGE IN THIS RAIN RIGHT NOW
People I appreciate!
Get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
Good luck at the doctors Jason, your #Derulers are with you. #Positive (: Just think about your #Derulers #ILoveYou (:
thanks baby!
RT : Our lives a series of defining moments, strung together by passing time. –Frederick Jezegou
Even if you sing it?
dope that's my specialty!!!
The Doors are open, now it’s up to you to make the most of your weekend. lays down the music tonight!
ill still chill with u guy calm down !!!!
a) OBV. b) You're not an old lady. RT Can the "old lady" join you guys ?!? :)
Cut your hair brother.
These new Party Slayerz tracks are fucking rad!!! Demand in your town!!!
Lol. It's a Bentley in my mind.
Taco shop n Bonita has great food but absolutely horrible service with register people who look like they don't give a shit bout u
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. Flora Whittemore
It must be your hours. I write every Sunday, like clockwork. :)
Clippers ain't in Lob City tonight smh
RT : #TroyDavis was innocent & the premeditated murder by the State of Georgia was nothing but a slow-motion legal lynching.
I could have made that 3
teach that cat how to spell
Special Pregame Ceremonies for all 3 #Aztec BB Games this weekend. Please get there early. Expect sellouts and traffic.
Fun day w/ my Grandma =D
Nothing better after a long day than
Good morning err body!
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.
Good morning and happy new year!!
Fox announces deal with Ryan Seacrest to continue as A.I. host. Must be nice to be Ryan Seacrest.
Does everyone want to vacation at the beach?
100 CD inserts and Cd's thermal printing and duplicated for $59 inbox me for details.....
Thanks. Dude's being nasty, oh well, c'est la vie.
I cried #DesperateHousewives is over. I´ll miss Wisteria Lane&all my friends & the rest.Thank U
how old r u and how long have u been in the bizzness #urawesome!
save it for Barclays Grand Opening
Not a bad day. I've combed through 53 pages out of 273. 1st of 2 remaining edits before publication. Only 10 more days to go. Yikes!
Brother just ordered me a new MAC charger.. Despite how he acts, I know that he loves me. Lol.
more akin to asking you...
Awesome. Definitely interested in getting a set. Now they just need to make it easier to acquire them!
Its Hot AF In Walmart
I thrill to complaints about the post office and the particular horrors of each location but guys: the USPS iPhone app is super functional
Looking forward to tomorrow - interviewing both #Umphey'sMcGee & #Howler Please pass on any questions you want to ask
Post-electro-heavycore-ultra-rock legends Trans Am reunite for epic reunion shows! Live your dreams! Available now for bookings!
The deal is pretty specific. But we create minty 2 color designs all the time. What did you have in mind?
Started reading the new book last night. In love!
I actually went to one before this last startup weekend! They taught us how to use git and push an app to Google App Engine.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets. ~Paul Tournier
Thank you for following!
Already planning for #ASTD. Who else is attending #astd2012 in Denver this year?
"flying frog!? may i borrow?
just found out that if you press the space bar it scrolls down...
Second USF Bulls Goal disallowed by the NCAA Refs, both were "offsides".
Good Morning...that ish is so true man.
just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head
Rick Scott wants to be held accountable
#Heartattack From the Couch to the Computer : A New Take on Therapy Title: From the Couch to the Computer : A New Take on Therapy Category:
they had a shot! That would have been amazing!
Live radio phone-in on the Soccer Sam show promoting FANSHOES fashion show event slated for Nov, 20th @ the German house on Gregory St.
Not an endorsement, just an invitation for someone to point out someone else. I know nothing of politics, but that which I've seen.
Great minds think alike!
SIT AND SPIN MERCURY AND MARS!!!!
Informative day @ HBA expo. Eating vietnamese food as I read through all the information.
Lee Greenwood playing at NFL Draft is awesome!! cc
