#BocceFest2012 at was incredible - big thanks to and , you both rock! Love you, !
Most/all of my Dreamhost Wordpress sites have been hacked the past few months, one hacked 2x. Losing confidence in DH.
done! I'll leave a key in the mailbox.
I have never been more excited about showering and brushing my teeth in my life. Grad bash over! Goodnight.!!!
yes! I just select it and hit go and it does the rest! I can even design my own and it'll stitch them. :)
Us either! RT Can't wait! RT : 2012 #JazzInThePark lineup just announced! Summer's just around the corner!
it shouldnt have been standing there
The Democrats and Republicans split the Orlando City Council races, two for each. No runoff election in those races.
I like flying. With Great training and producing session today.
hahahah ah right! ;-)
i don't know what to tweet to get you to follow me :(
I really wanted to watch the 'Shipwreck gets amnesia' ep again and the Serpentor arc.
#2 teach color theory-- have students sort instead of paint tints, tones,etc
YES! RT : “When I first moved to NY, I bought Vogue instead of dinner. I just felt it fed me more.” ~ Carrie Bradshaw SATC
Hernandez and Welker will need to step up here..
What a great night!
Pierre is only 33
Be #thankful if not this time,maybe next time.Don't feel down and out.There is something better waiting for you.You will succeed.
Phil 4:6 Be anxious for nothing,but in everything by prayer & supplication,w/thanksgiving,let your requests be made known to God;
We have NO business attacking #Iran. You warmongers are NUTS & #frightening. We have enough problems & debt already. Don't need another war.
Just thought of something great. I am going to name my first born son "Pentium", Idk... I guess it just sounds cool. Just thought of that.
God in heaven #tebow on earth
I see. Good luck with your deadline. Keeping my fingers crossed for you! I'm sure it will be amazing!
today you turn one year older
Brownies & milk m... yummy for my tummy!!
Happy mothers day to all my mama friends! (and furry babies count too!)
If the person you love hasn't let God into their heart...then they haven't let you in either.
Teaching someone else how to code reminds you how far u've come in your craft and how very far you have to go.
To be eligible for either exemptions, seniors must have been born prior to or in the year 1946!
I haven't read it but I've heard of it (we read Poisonwood Bible for my English class this year and its also by her)
09 Buehler #Chardonnay. Huge RRV value. Stone fruit nose & taste. Caramel, pineapple, touch of citrus. Buttery mouthfeel. 90 pts
Oh how I love you too <3 & How I miss you so :(
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY. i love u guys so much and i hope ur havingfun today. :)
Sounds like Latte Time! Happy Wednesday! RT : ok, slow start today... coffee came to save me!
At the for LaWare Forum a la the Boston Foundation this AM. Topic: #Comm_College feat Glenn Dubois of VA CCs w/panel discussion
u suck. Horrible city councilmen
Look at the stars. Look how they shine for you
I miss being in ur arms /:
under my left tit on my rib area
but I like donuts
Hello good morning
17 days the partee begins Sac Jazz Jubilee! Music for the masses! Blues,Swing,Zydeco,Latin,Western Swing,Modern& more.Please spread the word
I'm confused about your mug discount today. It says it applies to my shop but any products that I custom designed don't apply? :(
ima be at work
OMG I'm so happy for you :)
I can honestly say I haven't been truly happy since that day... I wish you were still here
Last 20-mile run before race day!
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off NOW!
Happy is the man who finds wisdom and understanding for the gain from it is better than gain from silver and profit better than gold.
does! RT : Does anyone out there integrate HIIT into their running schedule? Has it made you stronger/faster???
FYI: In all three Godfather films, when you see oranges, there is a death (or a very close call) coming up soon. Interesting!? Watch & see
The worlds greatest Creeper (You) should follow me. Tht would be the best Birthday Present EVER!! :) I LOVE YOU!!!!! <3
RIP Whitney Houston,
Seeing #JulietAnUnPopular 's ranking descend on Amazon and Barnes&Noble. :-( If you read it & enjoyed it, please suggest it to your friends!
whatchya up to
Hey Guys! Sorry I havent been on n forever! My year has gone good & bad. Ive lost 1 in. off my waist & my crush is dating a weird girl.
RT : Can't wait for Gray Chandler Murray to give me my next Style Challenge today! I <3 the #JBDStyleChallenge <-- Me too!
LETS GO RANGERS!!! WOO!!
It is wise to model the behavior you expect from others!
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible
wait but I can't choose. They all are!
Trains that arrive as you arrive , clutch. So very clutch. Next stop Soho. I can record while others shop.
I know. So much respect for that guy.
Thanks to everyone who came out to sauced last night, you made it great. The dancing was awesome to. To next time being half as badass!
Not impressed by how #kindle posts a link to my quote instead of the quote itself. Self serving much there Amazon?
Lmaoo hush! RT : oh nah i would beat your ass lmao
Can they teach the bullpen to hold a lead? ": Congrats #PhilsTeacherAllStars, honored @ CBP for positive impact on students!"
The River Alliance of Wisconsin is hosting its 5th annual Wild and Scenic Film Festival on Tomorrow at the Barrymore Theatre 7pm
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies. but that's just me.
where are you at?
this is why i hate the bus. I feel like he is a pedophile... #I'mScurred
Happy Thanksgiving. :D
perhaps - send info to Marcy at polymathic dot me? :) thanks!
It's amusing to see people follow me after a #FollowFriday recommendation, only to unfollow me a day later after they read what I post.
get in touch with thomas adelman he has a movie that you would be perfect in!! he is a producer in LA
thank you girl!!! :)
no don't do that. just say follow her cause she's amazing. no one likes nudes bro.
Just arrived at Club Play to celebrate bday party. It's still early, pero el party se esta poniendo duro.
Such a good talk with my boy tonight. :D
When you pay for followers, likes, and plays...people know, don't think they don't.
Gimme date and I'm there!
A lot of hidden gems in the cities!
Me: I need a new dress for the semi formal. Hubby: Its in Minnesota - they wont know if you wear an old one. *sigh* He doesnt get it
About to have a lesson with I AM SO BLESSED!
ayoo this fruit salad is the shitttt >>>>>>>
last years headline on this years story ?
lovinnnn your twitter profile picture❤
- If Messi would only play as hard for Barca as he does for Argentina (nah, the ARG press wouldn't say that)
Just touched down in Pomona! I'm @ 'Nastie Garage'! A HONDA Performance Shop! Preparing to put my Civic thru transformation! It's on! ;-)
Did she write 'Cat's Eye' (I think it was called?!). That was such an amazing depiction of girls' friendships.
there is so much to say on the spirit and truth phrase. Listening to His Spirit and Truth is merely the beginning
Jesus loves you, but Zeus thinks you're stupid.
if big blue madness is oct. 12, we are only six months away
Ooh yeah... Cabbage... Red pepper... Add some bulgogi... Sexy time! :p
that means the world. trust me.
hey Tomorrow's instore has been postponed due to illness. We are working on a new date soon.
im hungey iscellsss....mommy need to hurry up wit dis food....
haha...brings to mind a few enterprise architects I've worked with...
": Just filled out my ballot for #AlphaAction"~Thank you for your support and vote good brother! 06!
preaching to the choir.
#dying at these children struggling with real dance choreography 😁
#Obama logic: Increased Oil supply won't lower price - but unplugging phone charger will lower global temperature.
US State Dept says,we fail to get the best results because MANY women lack the access they need to land, seeds, water, credit and markets
DON'T BE A SUCKER!
Motivate - If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
Great start and strong finish for #Stricker Keep it up man win this thing!!!!
RT Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. ~ Descartes
I'm still weeping over that result. CANADA, what.
Stacy at FPP Harlem just subscribed to Letters in the Mail. Can't wait for the first letter!
I think so. It's for the nieces and nephews. I'm over at my Sis's house right now, sponging her DSL, so I can't confirm that.
I know at least 3 ppl who said that to me today (I vehemently disagree, but they said they'd vote June 5)
listening to right threw me ^.^ , im loving it :D
Thanks to everyone getting petitions signed today!
I'll give you the one I was saving for the hoarse rooster. RT Toss me one too, please! Nasty indeed.
Congrats on your homework!
" Make sure you get your copy of our first live tour DVD!! #UpAllNightDVD" definitely will x
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🎀
I love the concept of wishfrog. Keep it simple! Maybe do a social login to link my wish frog account with my Twitter or Facebook?
We've had some last-minute cancellations for tonight's meetup, so if you're in the area, swing on by around 7!
#TwSIG Can encourage different points of view. Students can feel heard and seen. Can continue the conversation after class. Benefits of soc
I am wrapping up a book from Solaris for a review and yours is next in cue :). Looking forward to it!
great work!
just read "teaming up" on the real deal
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~ Mark Twain
I don't even know how Reggie Evans hustles so hard but he's playing out of his mind in this series
Get on your knees and ask God for forgiveness cause all that dick ain't gonna save you #TakeMyAdviceForOnceBitch :)
Time for New York, New York. <3
I'd bid on that!
lmao. Yup headed out right now. Staying out all weekend. Maybe 8 dives. You? 'tis the season to be
Colleen: I missed you at the Santa Clara alumni event Monday - we'll have to do another one soon! Hi Jessie! I have two followers - woo hoo
My nose is cold and I ate all of my desk snacks. Other than that, all is well.
: Zukes? Yum, love the salmon! Thought I sniffed something... was just heading to bed!
many thanks, Jax!
speaking of being laid?!?!? 😳
Go to church that morning and get fucked up that evening
8 straight hours of broadcasting today...I'm a little tired.
Hey Jeter nice haircut. Going for the corky look?
#Game7 best game ever? Exciting, yes. But did you watch the first half? Definitely not the best game ever...
If you reserve the right not to vote, politicians will reserve the right not to listen to you.
NYC councilman showing OWS love and props.
Klusoz is bonkers right now if your not here then you must be crrrraaaaaazzzzyyyyy!!!!
and the rooftop bar loves you! it was talking about you yesterday. ;-)
Hey Pittsburgh - It's not too early to think about stocking stuffers. We have cool ones from Aveda, OPI, Dermalogica, & more. See you soon!
Amen!!! “: Thank you for everything! I feel you , I believe in you.. I know you're always with me. Thank you #GOD #Blessed”
Please elaborate.
Do you have any products with excellent covers? Forward a link to me so I may showcase it on my website – adaptonadime.com
I'm looking for some ah-mazing friends to join my clique and to have fun with. Boys are welcome, too!
#MyFavoriteSongsEver are all about #waxing!
Attending today's first annual Summit in Austin? If so, let us know what you learned!
#ilovekhalilbecause he got swag
Choice Hotels International&#39;s CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results ...
lol, oh the joys of being pregnant!
I'm down for that and it's bats opening weekend.
It wouldn't be so bad if f(5) spent some time together when they aren't promoting. At least pretended that they actually like one another.
I really want a pillow pet so I can cuddle with it :)
“: you should post pictures! I wanna see it.” I will soon!:)
Boss just asked if I can make it to a client meeting at Carneros Inn in Napa Valley. Um, yeah, I think that can be arranged.
Tweet with us, too!
don't wear make-up and let me see the real you
I swear my family is full of retards!!!!! I gotta be the only smart one.
Productivity while impatiently waiting for someone to get ready = me posting random a**, old pictures! You're welcome...
lol.....its Larry that did the song. Not Kendall. :-) happy friday. #dankness to you :-)
Live Twitter Feed from Refused Show. I once made my own Refused bumper sticker. DIY. Still the best Merch.
Short Sales are being approved at rapid pace. There are alternatives to foreclosure. www.sherwoodlawgroup.com
locates gender at individual level, implies consent, fixity, symmetry. Better to speak of systems or relations, I feel.
Glad you are able to come tomorrow!
jockey beat up his girl last week
Counsel, defendants in #DiMasi case summoned to judge's chambers
yup. diplomatic immunity is no longer a claim. war crimes have jus cogens status-- legal rationale for ICTY, ICTR...
tonight: lamb sweetbreads, werp farm carrots and radish, hard-boiled egg/anchovy vinaigrette, bay brown butter ricotta.
Regarding last tweet: That's 200 school districts. Not 200 schools.
were Ragin tonight. Playing a show!
I left my heart with my phone in my center console, I left my feelings with my wallet & my keys.
Funny thing about Rush is he was pulled over waiting for the stop sign to turn green.
i'm so with it that it's insane. we must get to planning this summer. we have to make it amazing before you leave!
#Obama is on the black list for MVF
Working today? Be thankful!
Thorough #SaaS vendor due diligence key to compliance. Cooperation between legal and technical expertise necessary.
i need a laptop :/
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. Malcolm X
Stern is struggling to be neutral, but some real bombs aimed at the Maloofs are slipping out here.
this girl is digging herself a hole... please stop talking. please.. please.. please...
Really hoping that my last class today would be cancelled but it looks like ill have to go :/
RT if you absolutely love your fans..:)
what a small world!
Dear evsryone who retweeted us, I wobt be able to #ff mention you. I am so sorry. Tweet me that you rt us and ill rt you for the
named "chuck d"
It's really amazing that from a small blog post in November, my twitter stream is filled with #GAAD posts. (continued)
OMG NO I MISSED IT. WHY DO I SUCK SO MUCH.
I agree RT": The cabin in the woods was boring !"
Before boiling them in brandy recovered from a shipwreck, I peel the potatoes with the sword used to execute Pope Pius I.
Somebody always loose my shit;
Thanks! I'll be sure to try one :)
Can anyone suggest a couple good MLB fans to follow? So far I got PHI,STL,NYY,MIL, and AZ down.
Finally making some real serious progress on Fourstep. A lot of Ruby/Rails code is getting hammered out over here.
Just wrapped my last client! Happy Easter Sis!
Thank you for the RT We love following your tweets on global education!
oh haha my b:)
Neil Armstrong claimed his EMU (spacesuit) was pretty cozy. But after all Playtex knew how to make things fit right.
Dressed in best today (:
we should start our own reality TV show.... We can call it "Three Ladies and a baby"
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies sneak in snacks so you don't have to pay 50$ for a chocolate bar..
#Fatty acids, especially #Omega-3, have been associated with a decreased risk of
Yep… she gets her license in 3 days!
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”
Chicago. Here I am. Waiting on the 29 bus.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're having a great day
Thanks for the follow. How are u today
yea I said it! And what! Lol.
My internet has been out for most of the day so far. How much have I missed?
wow Leiter just mentioned Kelly Stinett..completely forgot about him
happy to oblige. Let me know where to send the lyrics. I must say, she's looking quite nice today in her green ivy & sun.
downloading the slacker ipad app right now.
thanks for coming!
Hey guys, it is Cory's birthday!!! Show him a lil love :) <3_New vocalist :)
well how the hell are ya Wyatt?
If i met mau i would give him a huge hug, and i would take a picture for memories
A single to center by D. Fowler ties things up in Colorado. Dodgers 3 Rockies 3 Bottom 8th.
Daily Special, Fri 03/23/12 - Lg lightly breaded pollock fish fillet w/ french fries & tartar sauce. While it lasts! $8.95. Add coleslaw $1.
Kenya was like "Put That On Sum?" x "OMG"!!!!! Lol
honesttlyy...i love my boyfriends ears lol
Thanks for making it out on Wednesday!
I'm not saying that they don't exist, just that I don't have access to them at this time. And no, I haven't.
Salt Lick is always a good way to end
I love tomorrow . <3
Kudos to Geoff Weathersby '12 who raised 20K for his father's legacy scholarship fund!
What a great night.
Gary Tanguay thinks DMarsh is the best basketball analyst in the country? I love Donny, but I'd take the Jet, Kerr and C-Webb over him.
I love how people dont recognize since I left Oak Hill xD
I bet! Looks like we know what sunday breakfast is!! Thanks for filling us in =)
: that was an error. Mr smart ass :)
its nice!! Mine isnt good at all :p just blank lol. I love your theme!! <3
“ Hard work brings prosperity; playing around brings poverty.”
responded to your tweet from the wrong account...my identity has been compromised
Worst commercial on TV right now is the iPhone-tomato soup-shake rattle and roll- dancing girl. I can't think of anyone more annoying.
That was Hoyer to Zonk by the way.
Good song !
Some lady is telling me her life story
Musical is over. Sitting in my bed reminiscing :) <3 <3 <3
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!
stoked to see y'all tonight!!
Individualized attention is the focus at US Title. Our hand-picked staff, with its many years of experience and deep roots in the community,
I remember this time last year me Jess amadeo and the other nigga were having the sickest time together.
Playing tonight (10pm) at 55 Bar with Richard Bona and Ari Hoenig, rare & exciting trio, hope to see you there.
"you can't restart pandora"
on CBS
- Thank you
RT Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St Francis of Assisi
going to make sure I START the show with the disclaimer next week, for sure.
Talkin' 'Bout a Miracle.
Shits getting real now ... 65 mins... its a dog eat dog world and #LAKings have bigger teeth.
Position players pitching is my favorite thing in baseball.
only on my blog - and only a few pieces. My day job has me writing full-time, so fiction has taken a backseat =\. You?
happy birthday :))
o my fault well on dat note u have a good night... Im Off to terrorize my neighbors
record something lol
I saw the Vampire Diaries it was awesome like always.... good job... especially Ian and Nina LOL
And, we’re done, Might have to cut loose too while I’m at it...
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Kids meals only $2.95! Come in and Visit!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? Sean Sherlock
Woke like its 1 in the afternoon
The pages in my diary are full I have limitless possibilities with this new technology. I have come a long ways from ink and a feather
We're underway at the ...great turnout for the event!!
Arianas gonna be on a show with who?!?
Feeling grateful for a beautiful day in #LA. Sunny Suggestion of the day: soak up those last few minutes of #sunshine for the day.
They sure are :)
Darrell Hammond!!!!!!! The Donald!!!!
At crunch time, i deliver like Domino's.
I am not lol
Lol I applied to the art institute before I decided to be a doctor
Just got
Cold cold cold 😨
thanks for the shout out!
More Country! Give me some of that Country! New Street Clips are up and ready!
If one more college coach ask me "who is the next of Las Vegas...
How did i miss the promos for the #Allrecipeschat about #slowcookers today? Luckily I'm on Twitter now and can participate :)
Dont try to dog me u not perfect yo damself dont get me started on yo bs
Listening to you on Thx for tip on fox hollow. May go! Happy anniversary.
um yeah I believe so, just wanted to see if you were still alive haven't seen/heard from ya in forever!
looking for my dream job.
You're wrong and why there's no progress. He did it to another black guy. Rather we say oh well black on black, who cares?
Alera Shelf Liners For Wire Shelving, 48W X 18D, Clear Plastic, 4 ...
Sometimes your only option is to be strong.
- I was initially going to disagree, but after thinking about it, I believe it's true. 140 characters isn't enough.
I wouldn't be surprised either, but I like hoping that cool things will "blow my head off"
what kind of dance are you into?
Yea I follow even though I don't live in Massachusetts. Why? Because it's awesome.
Destiny is something that you create ♥
is RTing I bet you he will retweet this :) haha I love you Austin!
Make sure the bloggers paint 's nails!
#PCA thank you mom
Trolling the Avengers... Ah that was fun.... Let me scroll back through the backlogged messages.
For Amazing photographs, Models contact my Favorite photographer,
#10thingsaboutmyself I would rather knock you out then look at you so just stay out of my way
Whats up Fred? Your boy is getting big!!
Everybody knows when you doin something or attention
Naps are amazing
#SmackDown yep I'm right John Morraison going to Win !!!!!!!!
Thank You! And we're blessed to live in one of the best places on earth...South Florida! Shine On!
You're welcome, Amy! Not sleeping yet. Not late yet here in California. :)
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE SING WITH THEIR HANDS... LIKE THEIR HANDS CAN HELP THEM HIT THE NOTE... EITHER YOU GONNA HIT IT OR UR NOT... ;-0
How was everything on Friday? Favorite new menu dish? :)
it's huge in PG County too.
Good luck in the finals!!! May the best team win.
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
I can't call it imma be werkin on the whip through the mornin games most likely but possibly can scoop u after
Anyone have a cool #SemanticWeb app running on the #iPad yet?
Basketball bliss. God bless the inventor of March.
Thank you so much sis! That means a lot to me!! <3 #BESTSISTEREVER :)) Love you times a million!
RT : is playing tonight Don't sleep. presents with
Time to make the Donuts
Looks like the NFL lockout will end soon....Are you ready to draft your fantasy football team? What sleepers do you have this season?
#LitEvent 5/7 7p Cedar Hills: Author A.M. Dellamonica #reads “Blue Magic” , sequel to “Indigo Springs”
Does anyone know how to get Aperture for Macs on the cheap? its $80+ ._.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 88
I need to find more people to follow !
RT : If you want a 6 hour Best Show next week I need to hit 10,000 followers. Otherwise its experimental music.
also depends on whether links go off-site or not...and how close together they are! What do you think?
Are there any community events coming up?
Lots of JP and (CDS's) early on
Happy Birthday :) love to my girl!
where was rock last Thursday? Oh skipping joes for crickets
Unfortunately, it's my own fault because I put off surgery for 3 months and had a surgeon who wasn't completely in-network.
I have one for you!!
#Trust your instincts
Coming up in an hour, I'll be a guest on The World Today. Gather around the wireless with your family, as is proper on a Sunday.
im doing a report about her in class she was an amazing lady the first to be everything
aren't you so glad we proved your phone is not the thinnest on the market :-)
VA is a southern state if you live here. Visit me in Amherst/Nelson and you will agree.
ONE MORE TWEET. Remember when sang at the Superbowl and slayed the audience AND yur faves? DAS WUT I TOT. GOODNIGHT.
I will if u would please follow me back on twitter
Thanks a billion! RT : My fave #ultralight pitch is Good stuff!
I would tell you to hire a writer...but you are supposed to be one
Make sure to check out tonight on at 730pm EST!
Often, opinion pieces not clearly named as such implies "ed approval". In this case, "approving" denigration of a field of study.
why do i always have to feel so out of it.):
Let me know if I can hit you with that baile funk track with the Fela sample!
you still live on the flats
i think you needa wish a happybirthday.....lol I loved meeting you Austin.
Wondering where the heck I came from? Check out tonight's Extreme Home Makeover. I may have left, but my heart remains in SW MO.
Wonder how far this gone take me..
need to go back to school. im so bored
use code SENDIT and it's on us for your first order
Thanks for the RT Friday!
Tomorrow, I'm meeting with Aireul at CTC at 4. Think you can make it? (:
Why you tryna kill my dream
I was talking tonight about how inherently funny a food shrimp is. Sad cocktail shrimp on a tray is always comic gold to me.
Ha!RT Someone's phone keeps going off &ring tone is "Highway to the Danger Zone" it makes me want to go home and watch Top Gun
huh round 2 LETS GO ! GIIAANTSS !
RT : I'm glad to see OWS back on the streets in NY....
tweet tweet
How come Kevin Arnold has such a big crush on that boring girl with zero personality?
RT : BOSS: you were 3min late ME: who gives a shit BOSS: what did you say? ME: what did you hear?
Fantastic, we would love to post some of your work on our blog if you would like. keep in touch
Wedding at the The Biltmore Hotel Georgian Ballroom
I got da hiccups
+24 hours, temp <100 the whole time. now if this truck that has parked on me would just put it in gear and drive off
Im tired of everybody always expecting greatness from me. Im a person to. I have a life, I make mistakes just like everyone else.
Forget about doing favors. Jus get taken advantage of.
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 9
"courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice in the room saying I will try again tomorrow."
WOWOWW refs CHEATING. Hibbert still in.
Orange foods (citrus fruits) can protect your heart and boost your immune system.
woman in black commercial. Y U SO SCARY.
Get out the vote!
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real
Awesome! Let's go Big Frog!
i have 3 phones, obviously :p thanks :)
Marion Barry: a Spike Lee Joint with feet.
glad you're enjoy this weather Mark!
Looking for a healthy snack? Try Bobo's Oat Bars. All natural, no preservatives: delicious! (Everyone loves Bobo's)
Im so excited!!!
Hey everyone, are you tired of living down in the dumps? Well you dont have to anymore! Let us share our knowledge with you so you can DREAM
Happy Mother's Day to our HRC mothers and ! If we forgot anyone let us know!
"scrunchify the data"
Having help me floss at the lunch table
totally not true its worse for me
ATPT bids starting to stack at .0018......
i have a hard time pulling for Wisconsin but I think I will for the sake of the B1G Ten
#idol - Jessica did a beautiful job. Her performance oozed emotion and was increbibly powerful. By far the best of the night.
That awkward moment when you wear your mix match outfit on twin day.
Working with three clients - two need CA photo IDs and one needs to get back to the medical clinic. Appointments made for tomorrow. Best!
Chances are good I have undergarments almost as old as Shaka Smart € Brad Stevens. Well done young guns!
Big weekend! UFC 126 and the Super Bowl. Live music tonight! We'll see you here! Save some room for fun!
Always helpful to talk numbers + tech with
: yeah I realized it said kayash but it's not me. Oh and that
writing a paper on books you haven't read or own is harder than I thought
Today is our Tea 101 Class in the Old Market at 1pm. Learn the basics of tea. Each guest is $10. Call 402-932-3933 to reserve your spot.
Oh here goes the debauchery
You're an anti-dentite
The cause of your pain should be explained and corrected, not covered up.
I HAVE WORKING MY ASS OFF LATELY... BUT I FEEL GOOD THOUGH....
#userfocus governance is to "operations" as diet is to "lifestyle"
so it's not method...it's message.
friend Bob piloted C-47D flight fr Florence to Rome, April 29, 1950 Possible USO tour flight - Operations Officer: Capt. Hugh G. Fly Jr.
If you do not CHANGE YOUR LIFE with the POWER OF TRUTH then the only END OF THE TRUTH is YOUR LIFE which BEGINS with a LIE. NLD Mom/ca.surv
21st libs - activism (the right to know is a human right) and vision (understand our communities and celebrate communal assets
I hate it when people say we are going to die in 2012, like shut the fuck up
GM I pray the Lord opens up the business world to u far beyond ur own expectations that His face shines on u His love keep u.
#liber2011 Dempsey: moving from institutional scale to network scale.
#bush #gop cause of two wars, loss of lives, broken economy, deficit, and more. Glad #obama is the POTUS to clean up the mess.
yep yep 4 half a day...
CA Assembly #education cmte passes AB2242 on 'willful defiance'
Awesome. sounds great. and I really wanna see you too. Its been like, 3 months. :/
Nice day for a  parade. Go
aye elway..let tebow get some of that lipbalm
At least this silly sports bar is playing #neilyoung 'only love can break your heart'
Wow, this sumpin sumpin tastes just like dank. Or so I'm told...
Hope this application go through
So I guess we'll just take that jet to OKC now huh?? Where the Kobe haters at??
Started packing for my big move to L.A. and quickly realized that I own way too much useless shit. Totally forgot I owned a bundt pan.
Who is at? Just a super great role model and best friend. Even though i have not met her yet.
Amazing lunch of boiled crawfish (3 lbs for 4 ppl!), corn, catfish po'boy, head-on shrimp, and boiled potatoes. Nodding off now.
That sounds like the worst ever!
Need Some Dome And I Ain't Talking Georgia UH-O.
RT : RT : "I am an aggregator, a citation machine, a curator, a specialist." What People Don't Get About Working in...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BESTEST BROTHER EVER ! love you joe
hi sally. hehe its michelle.
Nearly done with floral necklace/collar. Creamy white w/green leaves & vintage lace. Very labor intensive! Thank goodness it's almost done.
Me & : 1 Management: O. BOOM.
That's why you would have her in a kennel. :)
Potential major winter storm to imapct Midwest and Great Lakes X-Mas Eve/Day. Wx models showing considerable track/snowfall differences.
Watching Clint Eastwood in Pale Rider. I think knowing a bit about the movie might help somebody win a free shirt in our shirt giveaway.
i guess when you care about someone, you'll do whatever you can to make them happy.. 
Mm citrus vodka and vanilla puddingq!! Brocolli, celery, hair knees! Veggie tales!
RT : Rip Bruce Mays.......ur smile and personality will never b forgotten<<<
EV owners unite! Heading North to Poway for the monthly EV users meeting. Fact: SD County has the highest % of EV owners nationwide!
Craziest... Hrmmmm, , two sumo wrestlers and a Leprechaun. You?
When I first started off I had probably like 100 followers I use to tweet n follow this one chick, I guess I didn't have enough followers
RT Want to crawl back into bed and sleep for a year
"Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret—it leads only to evil." - Psalm 37:8.
My speciality is bringing out Your best style!
Loving the feedback for v1.1, keep it coming in to feedback [at] myndapp [dot] com. Finalizing the new features this week...
haha i can only hope! (;
Oh lord...it's about to go DOWN!
Good luck Timmy!
your welcome!
also, I'd be willing to do a video review on YouTube and post is EVErYWHErE!
I'm 58 yrs.in esrd go to dialysis 3days/wk.peeps come on shows telling what to eat to lose weight.that segment annoyed me:))
Well wishes to my opposition.....
I Stop chasin the dream and started livin the dream!.. Part of the Greatest Story ever told!..
I always believed Hank was innocent and was railroaded by a corrupt NY-AG named Spitzer. Time to sue him too
What are you capable of today?
RT : All assessment in education should be active- helping to answer/suggest "what's next". Otherwise it is useless
I have great faith in you to keep the Davy legacy alive, my friend.
Not sure Peter Pan is history but oh well…4 out of 7 :(
Like the vibe. You guys remind me of Grizzly Bear and a Jacksonville, FL band called SUNBEARS!. I'll keep my ears open.
hahaha. yeah, i used to use it all the time. now i just check to see if there's a deal. but my use has dropped severely.
Don't forget to stop by the King Tut Exhibit.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
I'd complain about being tired, but it was my choice to watch that Cops marathon at 2am. I'll stand by it, those were some great episodes.
is awesome!!
sometimes I wish he was still allowed back in there.
Ryan Gosling absorbed a LOT of '70s DeNiro to portray the cool BAMF (bad-ass mother-f---er) in DRIVE.
would you rather me post your grease picture, but crop it to where it's just you? Because I can arrange that. ;D
Anyone else having issues with tumblr the past few days?
Derek Jeter may be old but the dude can still hit.
hey buddy
I've had the same number since middle school and plan to keep it
just came across a random fact on iGoogle. Sharks will only attack you if you are wet! Well, Duh!! Where else would they get you? the mall.
RT : RT #lrnchat <original idea was Amazing Race. Can they vote someone off the island each week?
Ah!! Omg really? What city?
aww that's a bummer.
When was the last time Crawford didn't give up a bushel of goals?
Home and in my comfy clothes. Let the lounging begin!
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
“It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real.
Africa First Program will accept entries beginning 5/14- 8/20. #Filmmakers have the chance to win $10,000!...
"i guess i got my swagger back truth new watch and learn huge blows" Guess The Song?
LOL! Hopefully, you aced them!
“: Now that Mike Sorrentino is out of Rehab, do we now call him The Rehabilitation? #TheSituationWithTheSituation” indeed
Standing in the cold in Montana, waiting for ice cream.
You can only be so patient sometimes. It's hard seeing everybody in happy relationships at this age. Hmm. Someday.
Drivin round D-town shakin it to ciara and JT's new song..... I love it a lil bit.... Check it out!!
thanks to everyone who made the Super Bowl Breakfast possible! it was a great morning ... now time for me to take a long nap!
Thanks. I'm not sure whether this makes me think history is really long, or really short.
miss you!
You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. ~ Jim Rohn
We love our clients so much we give them FREE STUFF! Austin T. won the water bottle 2 weeks ago and Kristina S. this past week. Who's next??
There are two parking garages right by the venue. You can't miss them.
Just got my license! Yeah buddy!!!
International Women's Day Banquet is this Saturday on Post Hall!! Free admission with a book donation - Pick up a ticket at the MSSC!
loiter squad, bunch of black dudes making asses of themselves? About time they had their own Fox tv
Work seems to take forever on a rainy day! My couch, it beckons....
hey, you're a cutie
Just listened to pretty girl rock #memories 😭
I'm not worried about shortening my life, I'm worried about the quality of the life I'm living.
back at you Fam!!
Homocrin Hair Loss Treatment :O prevention
Negotiated a peaceful end to the war on women. By smiling.
Nate geekin out over there on Boomerang
shittttt. May as well have your own, everyone else is lol
#Facts about Charisse Mills, No matter how tired I am, I must go to church on sundays, because God come first
It's important to say things while you can, because when it's over, it's over.
I understand completely.After all, it compelled me to RT it, right? Next time I'm only RT'ing the one that says he will win!
Playing $3700 tmrw. I'll be wearing gear. Come find me on breaks, big things happening w/ 3Bet!
Littering is 1 of my pet peeves. Always wonder: who do they think is gonna pick that up?
tell us about it.....
I Asked That Same Shit Yesterday
I bet the NHL would love a NY Rangers/LA Kings Stanley Cup Finals, two biggest cities in America, two huge markets!
Who still up?
Thank you!
www.Facebook.com/jenniferrenaebrown
Parents who put down kids who simply state facts the the adult calls them fake
Is grateful that this week's book weighs in at a mere 176 pages after last week's 436 page monster.
Austin is from Texas
apparently this cat likes rubberbands
plus sports are meant to unite diverse people so we can forget about bullshit politics.
Our dispatch is trained & equipped to service ALL your courier service needs!! Call us now for your same day delivery request. 877-527-5737
- damn, your tweets are heartbreaking. Sorry this happened to you. I really hope you are able to work your way through this.
OMG. Shoes.
Hello Twitter!!!
twitter is easy to use, just follow people and tweet what you do.
who is Gene Collier?
Thanks for the RT. It's a big problem, isn't it?
...and dig this! The ham in today's omelet is a locally sourced Compart Country Pit Ham! This is the Cadillac of Hams! Give it a try today!
#directionersloveniall We love you!!! <3 Well and Harry and Lou and Liam and Zayn!
On the porch talking to
great job 2nite!
The sun is up, up above the clouds
Getting ready to launch the most amazing business in January. It will be a world changing event resulting in a major shift in global power
Myself and Joey from agree that Mark Recchi deserves to win another Stanley Cup
agreed! it's a more dynamic way to display your skills & experience!
I really don't care what you think about my clothes. #I'mComfortable
Bill, all fans know: There's never enough COWBELL! #MORECOWBELL #GoKings! RT : How much is too much cowbell?
& Even at the hardest moments of my life I MUST STAY STRONG & Keep my head up high , life goes on . Gonna smile for you ,YOU, in Heaven <3
Perfectly content with being alone..
Happy Friday!
What a crap game. Seattle wants it more. Let's see how their fans are next week, though, when Saints put a hurting on them. Goin' to bed...
Tht funny moment when i check the twitters of ppl in my school and i have more followers than all of then (idnt follow them haha)
AH! That just made me so excited Emma! Aw I'm SO happy for you! Gosh I want to cry! <3 Hahaha I hope we're together! :)
um scuse me miss.. Is that a hand on your back?? Lol...love u honey!! Wish I was home this weekend!! Take lots of pics!
TWEET ME should I change my icon or..?
lol how am i doing that! Nope we closed on mondays
I hope so.
RT I dowanna live in the same house as because he listen to hardcore music .
Why do you do this?
Ya I'm totally that person that sings along to every Christmas song EVER
If I haven't followed u means that I reached followed limit thing but once I unfollow people I will follow u ok so don't unfollow me
Right it down take a picture I dont give a fuck.
": Ladies Are you ready to see my bro's at WebsterHall!!!" Hell Yeah Lol Can't Wait !
Thanks for the heads up!
I hate constructors that throw exceptions
Busy is always good! How's your music coming along? :)
Plenty of working mothers have to work and raise the kids. If they don't work, the kids don't eat.
lol that was actually pretty lame of me...
#FollowYou is such an amazing video! You're part was especially amazing! :D
i'm happy today because my dad is here with me <3
tweet a pic, I'll decide
This is always true. Learn people's stories. : "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." -Plato
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Bill Cosby
Just put together a package for the owners of our apartment building; we're trying to convince them to paint our black roof white...
We hate you steve.
Freedom of speech amendment rights and just being their selves I'm pretty sure we do things cause we want to not for acceptance!
Ugh that sucks... hows the south bound lanes? I have to head down to castleton after work
the parade is on Saturday. You'll be on our float 9:30. Email you deets. : )
i followed
Sometimes i wish you can put people on mute forever that way you wont have to hear their bullshit!
Anyone else not getting all their 'invitations' from Twitter? I get 'followers' 'unfollowing' that I never received invitations for.
Well Im signing off. If you need anything hit me up and I will get started in the AM! Gnite everybody. May your grind pay off.
Is something wrong wit me or.......or them:(
wow, bringing up my sunburn issues... ☀😳❤
Finished with our photo shoot. Headed home!
#autism awareness fundraiser- totes, shirts, and bags- super cute with a bling puzzle piece! check it out...
It is not enough to stare up the steps, we must step up the
It's so hot I just want to jump in the damn pool
for you
Make the most of it RT It's Monday morning which means you have an entire week to do more, learn more and earn more. Let's get it!"
I mean I love going over my 'unlimited' data plan for my phone in 3 days.
Thanks. We are parents who invented 123GoTV by KidExerciser that encourages exercise by using a kid's own bike to watch TV.
Messed around and twisted my ankle
lol haha.... And your one of the rotten ones..!! Just kidding lol what are you up too buddy?
A new iPod
hahah man people be tryin to book events during the club like im gonna remember
I am going to eat a giant turkey leg and throw knives tomorrow . Who is with me?
Arm wrestling for Jesus.
Anything exciting happening this weekend in Montreal?
BC - watching Troy Bell & Co. win 2001 Big East tourney at MSG
Paul Obame: Whenever you communicate, and tell people what you want them to do, always tell them why it's good for them.
If the Husqvarva dude has all this kick ass equipment, why's he let his yard turn into a shithole? What do the neighbors think?
HERESTOALL who probably could stand a chance on American Idol if they could bring their shower on stage.
If you've recently ordered from , your order HAS SHIPPED!! Get excited!! Thanks for shopping AS & enjoy!!
haha you would like that movie. Btw I see you snaggin a 3B. But can a bro get a bomb though?
Good Morning Jit.!
Damn it Philadelphia. Well, I guess I'll go sulk in our 72 degree weather. (Feels 71 with wind chill).
damn i keep losin followers im finna unfollow a couple hundred nd follow my new followers #FWM Fam
tattoo shop with tomorrow 😏
ok I have to do a paper I will call you when I get out of my last class
Who would like to see the Brewers hire as the new Manager?
We have a brand new batch of sunglasses in stock!!
Followers are like the stock exchange. There comes a time where u gain big followers and times where u dropp followers Prices go up and down
That one person in class that wants to let everyone know their done by slamming their paper down
RT is my dermatologist and I sing praises. He's on Palo Verde.
What's happening?
I REALLY don't want to go to school today.
Sure, I can do that.
My wish for 11:11 is for to finally follow me!! And it's Gonna be my until it finally happens <3
- meaning what exactly?
Do you care if i don't know what to say? Will you sleep tonight, will you think of me?
Sitting in an empty car next to a liquor store. Plot twist.
Thanks for the FF love!
It's happening tonight at Java Joes! A crowd already. Wonder who'll show?
We Must Learn to Love
If you like coffee try Peets Coffee French Roast...One of the best in the world.
in a webinar with : Social Media Roadmap... Some great participants and questions on the topic
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is of with us to chat about Social Trading Cards.
that doesn't seem right!
putting my ab circle to good use!
Big congrats !!
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -James J. Corbett
So exited for saturday :)
' Campaign #Drew4TWsCrew never ends till i see that Tigerfist after I give you the perfect read
Haha! Yee Haw! Where was this at?! In IL?! :)
follow me please and happy new years
I seriously feel my throat swelling up on me, hard to brefff :/
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District, Multi-Site, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position for the new year!!! Call me, Ema…
Grabner deflects a shot from the point out of mid-air to end the shutout streak and get the #isles on the board, #Flyers 3, #isles 1
Thanks to all who came out Sat. for 'Jazz for Japan' at Vitellos Jazz Club! Thousands will be given to the Red Cross for Japan Relief Fund!
I voted :)
I keep my circle small I don't need new friends
Have a great weekend man. - OG from Austin
Looking @ the moon, but can't wait till the sun comes up!
let's tweet baby....
Mountain biking at Dryer! :-)
Congratulations to Conrad Electronic Benelux for winning 's Best in Class award. Amazing work!
Haha, I'm glad you like!
watchin g.i joe til i ok
People who say "I DIDN'T COME FROM NO DAMN MONKEYS!" have obviously never picked up their underwear off the floor with their feet.
Great to be working on some fun new branding work for Goodwill with and team at Lots of scanning - love it!
YEP I Know it, Its a Close game though!
and look beast
Its even worst when u get in the mood to wrap & u run out of tape. Lol
Sweet auburn festival saturday 3pm Dobbs stage Solstar = good vibes
love this!!!
it just seemed like the refs where not fair on both ends of the court, but very excited #Bucks got the W!
The answer to my prayer was always you.
#DCcomics doing the prequel #Beforewatchmen & Alan Moore does not approve #howisthissurprising (congrats to )
#google is awesome right now
At flight for a cure golf classic....beautiful day for golf!
I'm busting out this English project that's due tomorrow
RT : Chat with me at 2pm on Wed. on the Facebook page. Like the page today and let's talk tomorrow....
oh! hahah:D i see i see; character limits can be a pain--good practice for shortttalking :D keep me posted!
Wow, you're just a badass.
Mind over matter?
It’s a glorious day in the Village! Come on by and keep the good times rollin’ with Pub Quiz and food & drink specials tonight at 7:30.
so my mom's buying me classes with deke i'm kind of excited to start on this path!!
Sweet boneless wings have been flying out of this place come check it out tonight! BDW is the place for awesome prebar food!
Obviously is a rare opportunity, but how many drivers will be bringing their phones in car the rest of the season?
z pack and steroid injection
I know its bull.
": Found my way to Toby Keiths #vmwarepex" <-- nice to meet you!
Doctors. It's been way too long. Like 5 years?
this Monday or next Monday?
See ya in the funny papers!
If you don't want to be spoiled then why are you reading a website dedicated to exposing the business?
Clutch time
congrats! Tonight is the best part!!
I'm thinking it's a good day for our BBQ Chicken Pizza.
"LOL Am I the only one who found this hilarious? "How does Lady Gaga like her meat?" "Raw raw raw raw raw!"
Bobble heads? That is so lame.
will do! I haven't been to Florida in ages. Traveling with a toddler is worse than jet lag.
well looks like u fixed it!
Hit "LIKE" if you really could have used a longer weekend
oh, lol my bad. It's Lily's husband's name on the show.
#vsa2011 Non-visitor studies, now on to non-patrons of live classical music, interesting.
The weather is getting warmer & what’s better during the heat than eating some locally grown fresh fruit from the Hillcrest Farmers Market?!
hold up hold up ha where?? when?? omg what!! a carnival??!! i LOVE
Financial Literacy Series: Do You Know Your Grace Period ...
haha, I just say what's on my mind(:
RT : Good things come to those who work their asses off. I have almost no ass left.
War time TwitterFam. So this stupid bitch Melina Gaines messaged me like 20 times sayin peeps sayin bad tings bout me.
it was way too much fun tonight!!! Thanks so much!!
Where r u from?
Wearing an outfit identical to a 70-yr old woman's at work. I would invite a "who wore it better" contest, but... she'd probably win.
MS must have finally got rid of the “farecast” brand when they bought it a while back. They’re using for the flight fare predictions
Haha I remember Martin. Too bad Rachel and I couldn't arrive at the same time. I saw her in LA last May.
I came home with candy but I was too late...I was too late.
Watching "Abduction:" Where did this tool find such a nice train car? That's BS.
How boring to be a boring individual.
who the hell is the guy from the bodega talking to on his bluetooth every minute of the day, is he just saying what we buy into google voice
Looking for a #job? #YergerTech is hiring! Design & customize #smartphone #apps. Send your #resume to
Facebook must be a Patriots fan.3x a day,it tries to subscribe me to Ochocinco,Brady or Welker.I've got my &
We have a new apartment! Moving on up to Wicker Park!
where has been day?
Philippines had most disasters in 2011
#OkcThunder not playing wit this years
The #Rupaulsdragrace Bitches shouldn't be snapping off their wigs!
Thanks for the follow friend!
#followfriday - an incredible friend and Reiki practitioner!
My iPhone's been sick. Special thanks to for the emotional support.
good. you never know with people, but at least i can still be following you in good conscience ;)
haha, yup. I just don't get it. They dunk like every other possession....neato. Seems like everyone is 6'6"+
her only fucking thing she had to do and she forgot to put the film in what the fuck was she doing for 5minutes!
Explaining to my grandma what a "baby daddy" is. Lol
Just finished studying!!!! Was at 's house
ahh I have work tomorrow :( but you'll see me after for sure
Investing in Unloved Stocks Requires Vision, Patience
I propose a new definition for TGIF.
not gonna sleep tonight gonna be thinkin of you too much
ditto! #thanks again Steve!! #FoodieChats ❤ “: Missed you again Hope to see you at one event in 2012 ;)”
Just got some bus tix to a client and his dog Eclipse in
but shoot me a mail at with your contact details and we'll put you on the guest list as a comp ;)
#Running Drill: Skipping with Long Strides- Skip lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a long stride.
I love my iPhone but BlackBerry still the best business phone!!!
Comedian Eddie Griffin is coming to Pittsburgh May 26, Monroeville Conv Ctr, Call 412-368-8191 for details! This show will sell out!
Anybody in L.A. go to Iris yet?
like! I should follow suit
i keep trying to google a picture for you but spam pops up...
I dont believe in love at first sight ... I believe in love at first fuck
Also, Infante is out today and tomorrow.
Have you thought about selling your new iOS courses to other training providers? Can't swing the travel to take your class ;)
That's good news! GoGo Sushi is probably the best sushi place in the OKC Metro area!
I hope more rest for us
Further info on relevance evaluation metrics MAP and MRR can be found in wikipedia per Sadeh
Thank you followers!!.,,,,,
All way
I officially have to ban myself from buying almond butter--especially Justin's maple--ever again. Can't be normal how quickly I go through!
:( but I've missed you!!
good gifts!
Sneak peek for the Twitter Tribe?
Lmao slacker RT : What the?!?! I haven't tweeted in 3 days?! There. I feel better. Carry on, tweeple.
oh we got spoonfed in the van baby
School and then last day of work for like 5 days... I just wanna go back to bed.
follow and please :D x38
Crackers and ramen. Yum...
Looking forward to hangin 'Sau style.
"The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves."
Should win!!!
If ur a tennis ball at the US Open, I bet it's a sad day when you're forced into retirement on some old lady's walker.
Well....I used to know a Little Debbie in college...
Sounds like a good idea to me!! RT : If I drank every time Danica's spotter said "momentum" I'd be hammered right now.
It must have been in the mid 1980s when I saw him at Carnegie Hall in NYC
I really love Anna Calvi's work.
I always knew you had super powers ;-)
I heart little jimmy
I have a #15 corona jersey on right now
Exercising and following a balanced diet both are vital for preventing diabetes
Woof! RT : Can I get another woof?
thanks you too.
So, apparently everything is in 3-D now. Huh.
Lmao ! Thank You ^.^
more Wisconsin sucks, you guys didn't score a bucket for like the last 7:30....very clutch Jake
Lol yup it's def a blessing! RT : nice
While little sister occupies the bathroom getting ready for work, I'm getting my history on with clash of the gods.
wisdom teeth pulled this morning. I am out of it. :/
Ever tried replacing stock with Better Than Bouillon? One of our favorite products and offered in Organic and Vegetarian :)
heading off to my 1st local #polyamory party since the leader who thought I "wasn't poly enough" left. I made Polyamory Potluck Polenta!
I feel like I'm eating something at Mc Donald's!
“There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
What would you ask the spokesman of the French Embassy ? Luis Vassy answers your questions here TODAY from 4:30 to 5PM
is one of the top Mcs in the game!
gonna have to watch the #WolowitzWedding on my Dvr later... love #bigbangtheory !!!
like us on fb
Let the fun begin #RumpusRoom great
Lois McMaster Bujold~ An honor is not diminished for being shared.
when filing
probably the same illiterates who think they drink "Kettle"
Its a beautiful day! Anything exciting going on in your world!
If you have a dead body in ur trunk can u go in the hov lane?
oh no problem... Let us know how we can help u. Party hosting, models for videos, street team, ect. Get at us
Bill Shore of SOS gave a great talk on nonprofit growth strategy to address intractable problems at Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA yesterday!
First Hill streetcar closer to contract approval. Ready soon to break ground and WILL come through Pioneer Square
we met years ago. Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with you and your dad. You need to see our program.
The other 2 members of Derrick Comedy were on community last night!
Will do! RT : If you ever come to Boston let me know :)
thank you! We need more guys like you :/
Alright alright alllllriiiiiiiiggghhht
Okay so now I have conquered hang gliding, race car driving... what's next?? I'll give you a clue we'll be somewhere at Six Flags! Wink!
Still the attitude of the 1%: "I do not want a nation of thinkers. I want a nation of workers." --John D Rockefeller
Thanks for the follow Becca. Hope you're doing well.
can i get a hi or something to brightn up my day ive been sick all day
need to get my followers up
...We're feeling generous and still want to give away a prize! So...
no no, I got your point. I just wanna be annoying
Thank you so much!
"When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all."
then...Brother!
Yes, we are now open in the evenings! :)
Ha,bitches come and gone like basketball games but ay say stay on the sideline and I'ma stay on da court
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
no bread either!!!
going out to get thai food with my favorite little 10 month old and her mommy!
It's perfect outside, day rager with some BBQ??
I heart SASS and use it when I can. Trickier in projects where not all coders know the syntax, though rules are better organized.
SOMEONE TEXT ME. 😖
they'd give you the pity pass to Hollywood.
How are you doing? Looks like your fingers have neen taking a hammering! Can't wait to hear the results... Hope you're well
most likely? (x better?
#Steele, Hex. Neoclassic space opera hits the tropes - intergalactic federation of assorted aliens, dyson sphere, hyperspace, human foibles.
First step to greatness is believing you already arrived.
Lil Wayne better enjoy his freedom ,
Stephen Abram: metaphor: library is a constellation in the sky
I'm intrigued, you'll have to update me on your process/progress.
epic shizz today!
Tonights Clipper game is gonna be interesting, Memphis has gotta be mindfucked after blowing that 27 point lead last game.
RT : A4: Above all remember that third-party recruiters and corp recruiters may see things differently. <who's better :)>
But not to take away from your tweet. I am laughing over here. That is a super example of title force. . .
It is official MBU will face Wash U in the #GRLC DII Championship tomorrow at noon
We're looking forward to our trip to Washington, D.C. for CPAC next week!
We are the storytelling hub. Fiction only. Books and Movies. If you're a reader, a movie lover, a writer, you'll want to follow us.
Tastes so good, makes a grown man cry, looks so good brings a tear to your eye
St. Patrick's day has come early to our house w/ all the fixin's. The Walshes/Welshes would be proud.
Dallas ISD Helps Struggling Black Female Students - NBC Dallas-Fort Worth
I vote yes for "edge of seat." I'm there with you.
r u planing on having any $15 tickets for la galaxy game?
happy 4 u
wtg! Good luck on the submission!
finish packing 2morra then head to with Friday then sat we r kicking off our road trip to Florida! So pumped
is it so much to ask for shit to JUST FUCKING WORK? Does EVERYTHING have to break ALL THE FUCKING TIME?
Not really into games till I get back to the City!
Readn latest Downbeat Magazine. Fewer n fewer print mags left. Like that they've broadened their coverage. Hope they make $ to keep printing
look at my last couple of tweets there is a link in one of them to say something
NAIA rooms are going fast!! Book now while there is still availability!!
why do you keep getting hotter and hotter?
I'm thrilled to have been selected for the #44Social team next year! Quite fitting that I found out via Twitter.
Lou has never, in his life, known the score of any game he was playing in.
I really need a thinking shower bc #oomf just loves throwing mixed signals at me uh fml!!!
awesome time at home opener last night and great win. Intros need some more energetic music though, wasn't hype enough.
Its going to be a beautiful day!
The clique: the sequel
We are a proud sponsor of this years <3
Similar to other word for something you can't unsee. RT : Hashtag for the ward 5 special election:
Celebrities shining light on important issues! RT will be on the tomorrow re: #engagingmen to prevent
Thank you very much!
RT : I'm the chuck norris of #parking. Hilarious yweets
It's Earth Day this Sunday, what are your plans?
Old settlers comin up
smiling, and waving back :)
I'll never get why the city spends a lot of $$$ to puff its muscles for a PEACEFUL protest. More dictionaries needed?
That joint spa deal I got with John Travolta via Groupon seems a little fucked up now
thanks bro! Glad that you're digging
Say what?! Nothing compares to Big Red.
I hope that Club Ride jersey on your Twitter page has been retired. I just bought one like it. There can be only one. ;)
How do your boys always know who gets kicked off AI? I watched just to see if Hollis was right - impressive!
Getting married? Know someone getting married? Let LGBstudio.com create your place card and table decor!
why aren't you at school?
flirt so more ;)
Does your mom want to see it? My mom does! We could do fish fry again at Hollander in Tosa and see it at Mayfair. Let me know!
Not top 10 is the best way to start Friday!
Fantastic STH event tonight at the Highlight Factory! Special thanks to , coach Drew and his entire staff!
are you the oldest of the bunch? haha
thank you dusty, I'm sayin
Is it me or does everything seem to be much brighter than before?
Wonder what kind of parties the drug cartels have...
The Free People store just got to me. I am $73 less rich now.
I will keep all of that in mind when my pre-ordered Dvds arrive lol. I do like a good Holmesian interpretation.
thank you co-founder!!!
wow, such beauty.
A 55 year old woman is trying out for the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders. She better be careful. She could break a hip!
Today is Martin Brodeurs 40th birthday and he is still shutting down all these young players>>
Doing the exact same here
RIP Junior Seau. You were one bad dude.
u like to change ur icon alot don't u?
RT “: Backup QB press conference. Only Jets regime would take that on.”....."Dream Team"??? >> VY didn't have mega-PC
this is how we do it, all hands are in the air, refunds from here to there, throwin up w-2's everywhere!
i cant take chubby niggas serious.
Research participation is due Monday?
it was! easy, fun, delicious AND healthy!!
Playing with Miami on 2k dats dat shit I don't like
i did too bae
You know dude probably showed up at some kids house with booze, fireworks and some candy and out came Chris Hanson.
$450 Custom website designing. Reg:$699.Today only Twitter Special. Retweet please
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
That looks a lot like our lobby walls (of course we love it)
Our great debate of the day: Which muppet would be the best archivist?
hope your having fun at rehearsal. I'm a Belieber. <3 Love ya (:
congrats you've won a $100 gift certificate to !
girl that performance was #legendary!!!!!
Whr the Parties at Today Lol
Watching the "Biggest Looser" and eating ice cream. Is this worng??? ;)
Apologies for the premature 16 August 1849 tweet. I am not used to this 21st century technology!
At Home w/ Rabbi Kassorla: Thursday, Feb. 24, 7:30 p.m. at the home of Michelle & Craig Rich, 2175 Dunwoody Heritage Drive, Atlanta 30350.
We're so sad to miss you. Live vicariously thru our tweets, and we'll re-live #MarcusThomas75 when we see you this summer.
saw the most adorable little happy baby, @ eatnagoya.com where I'm Serving/Training, Satnight I wanted to play with the baby but had2work
he said Rocky you've met your match, and Rockie said Doc it's only a scratch..
Best Christmas Eve *ever*! Currently enjoying some great Beaujolais together. Merry Christmas everybody, from Belltown
Happy Cyber Monday!! What's the best Lichi deal you're going to get today?The first one to guess right gets the whole line free!!
everything good bro?
RT : We discussed today in our class today. is doing some really cool stuff with...
:) What time does MCS go on tomorrow?
Thanks for the interest, keep looking back here, one never knows what we will be able to do in the future.
I wish I understood the profound love I have for fried chicken... At least I only crave it during the day.
I found a cure for Twitter addiction; it's called 'Logout.'
Smith: ontologies shouldn't be built by data-modelers. Domain experts know their info, & don't make implementation-specific assumptions.
I'm Jonesing to Golf
ha what are u up to these days
Hanging out at #networkuncommons til 330.drop by & say hi!
. Georgetown. But only if it's Georgetown Liquor Company.
The Trucks will be at Hollywood Young Circle Arts Park for a event!!
why go back to a hoe? instead of being with someone faitful?
Going to my internship for the first time in while.
Thanks for the mention, Robin!
Run shadowfax. Show us the meaning of haste!
Thanks to everyone who came to St. Sabina to see "The Interrupters"... For attending Afro Latino Symposium...
Good talk with and ! I love my best friends. <3
You both need to be my agents. You've come up with better ideas than I have in the last year.
Corey Hart's due to hit one outta here...
Without goals and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination. - F. Dodson
trying to figure out what's up with campusfood.com.
« S/O 2 ur all #style» thanks luv.. right back at ya!
Keeping most if your thoughts in your head really gives you an altered perception of life.
Hey, you changed your avatar pic. No more pixelation issue.
Rain, no problem. I will still show up to change your oil or work on your vehicle at your home or office.We come to you for a change
": My co-worker weighs 118lbs and taking diet pills...yea...she's white!"<<< lmao even if u ain't say she was white, we knew
how r u
Cany wait for the movie to come out in September !
I'll send my college loan bills to the White House
Haven't been on here in a while, just getting ready to go to school with my wife
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A.A. Milne
whoa, buddy! way to go! how was it? is that your big one? just 12 today for me, my 18 is next week. keep pushing me!
You're the man.
This means we are separated from each other
please follow ===> and
The average computer user blinks 7 times a minute, less than half the normal rate of 20.
Team USA is Foxy
A h/t to for signing all those copies of "Boston: Inspirational Women" w/me at F1 Boston for Mass. Fallen Heroes fundraiser.
Taking a long shower at your parent's house after 2 straight months of touring rules. Mildew is gross people.
Thanks for the follow. Were you planning on coming to our event Dec 23rd?
😂 <---- my face when watching the fresh prince hahahaha :D
My #TieMeUpTuesday isn't quiet over yet. Isn't that right, Ms. ?
no tweets from Julie? aww she's enjoying her honeymoon<3
glad you're enjoying your dinner
can't see that one. Martin gag!
#Kids are about to go #run #outside for a bit before bath & bedtime.
Vibing to Pandora's 2Pac channel right now...
Nick Carter is on the Dr. Phil show crying about his drug use. Suck it up buttercup.
#ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I Wish You Were A Mind ~ Reader
IM WEARING A PINK TYE-DYE SHIRT TO!!!!!!!!!!! and guess not..
aw I love you (: MERRY CHRISTMAS BEAUTIFULS <3 <3 (:
Who has time to Delete their followers to look like more people are following than they r? Shows dedication 4 u to follow back. To me.
boring!!!!! go for the butt! BUTT! BUTT! BUTT! BUTT!
Oh, I love it! Thank you... I saw beautiful hues like that bathing the Space Needle as I came home today! So pretty!
Liked that one :)
he didn't do too bad
If I were to make a promo that was a #Kickstarter exclusive, what should it be?
Our ribbon cutting for our #Tulsa cafe will be at 10:30 AM - please attend, all are welcome!
Continue to pray for Derrirck!
I'll sell ice in the winter sell fire in hell I'm a hustle baby I'll sell water to a whale !!!!
Still DEAD @ "jizz everywhere". That Aziz standup was so freaking hilarious.
Thanks! is a fun project to talk about.
Being the awkward couple with
You should come wash my car also!! :) lol jk
thanks for the RT, see you at
not the worst, but the most overrated RT time for the worst player in baseball to get something done here
love you momsterella!
wanna make your sandwich xtra yummy? toast the bread & then sprinkle shredded cheese on each slice. microwave for 15 seconds & fix as usual.
Dear band who sent a press kit to where I had to go to post office to pick it up thinking it was going to be something important, fuck off.
Thanks for the Retweet!!
Out showing some beautiful Tampa Bay homes
i should have asked you to live tweet that class this semester. I miss Professor Maaatin
Unless there's some secret method I don't think you can
My basketball team sucked tonight... We lost!!
travel safely, hope to c u soon.
Had an awesome session with 2 beautiful actresses today! Great shots to post soon!
Get Eggcited for Easter! head to partner restaurants and for easter brunch this sunday!!
One day we gn have to get married
PHILLY BOUND
#Worldcup c'mon... lets start picking the teams... less explaining more picking...one team has been picked!!!
que paso??
ahh good day at school. you find out who your true friends are everyday. xx
“: Brad Paisley trades in the cowboy hat for a beanie #ACMs”
" GOLLY GEE MEGAN YOU'RE SUPER ATTRACTIVE" I'm aware of this statement. Right back at cha. :D lolol.
What the hell just happened?
it takes a #Baller to know one!
Great timing Landlord. Homie checks out our toilet (aka bowl of eternal stench) just as I was done with it. He decided we need a new toilet.
Baltimore is just beautiful tonight.
Purple remedy for yeast infections
always hoping for a single tweet from
Don't forget to LIKE our OFFICIAL FB Page!!! Keep supporting our YOUTH they need us
I wish I could go I'm stuck volunteering until 6 and I really wana see to room for rockstars!!
Posting your #flashbackfriday photos on today? We want to see them! Be sure to include in your caption. :)
Would love to see Tiger as a "brand" get back to his roots. Tell us/show us why you love golf. Less robotic + more personal
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to? Clarence Darrow (1857 - 1938)
:*) thanks Peter. That means a ton.
Great video. First saw it back in February; tweeted it then. NBA should include a H-O-R-S-E competition in All Star weekend.
when people can't spell out a three letter word
If you haven't been. Go.
Wish I was anywhere but here the only thing keeping a smile on my face is you <3
RT Colin cowherd's a loser
Mitt to release 2010 and "draft" 2011 taxes on Tues. Not enough. You stopped offshoring $ when decided to run for Prez. But before?
Swing by the social media command center & see what's trending ! Don't forget to tweet #SXSWedu & #LAUNCHedu hashtags!
i hate it in disturbia when shia makes that twinkie castle
#FF The best U.S. forensic psych info I have found on twitter.
this week going by fast already
For those of us who are followers of Christ this is a special weekend. The 3 greatest words ever spoken or written: He is risen!
looking forward to your tweets and new tagline
Does lang change how we think abt & experience the world? Is thinking in Turkish different than in English?
I would be tempted too. It's so succinct! Though, a report w/ sections corresponding to each frame would equally rock ^_^
just keep swimming :D
got it. see you then.
at one point, I thot ur name was pernounce may-o. I dont know wtf was wrong with me.
Boys are like math. U spend forever trying to figure them out & when u think u have the answer, its either incorrect or someone got it first
I'm sorry there isn't a "clear history" button between your legs
Hoping that does another Ustream next week. Even if its just for 10 minutes.
What has been your favorite thing that you have seen so far at the #NRAShow?
It's 10:30 on a Thursday night. Good luck with that.
WHO WANTS TO TAKE ME TANNING?!
Oh good! Does Skokie have an account yet?
Oh goody. is showing highlights of the 1987 NCAA championship game. Ugh.
We will have Happy Hour till 7PM Monday-Friday ---Come on in and get $1 off Pints and $2 off rails!!
