I'm happy and sad for you.
17U Elite in a dog fight
After months of negotiating the gate to get upstairs, success is within my dog's reach
Omgg no. I hate having to reject people :(
Is it generally considered a bad practice or annoying to follow people to get more exposure?
not now
thanks for the follow Best study abroad program in Florence EVER
films seeks fan fic writers for documentary #fan fiction
says for #privatesector funds to be spent on
thanks for funding Workforce Intermediary. Let's
I just wanna live.
That was a terrible draw something drawing.
come over
this dude's stache is wearing him.. dayumm haha.
OMG BEHIND YOU!! I probably just saved your life.
idea: make pro sports into a drinking game for the players. would be funny for nba, nascar
Good Morning Beautiful Monday :-)
haha the grizzlies are whoopin up on them
Thanks to our Mayor for calling in his support to TCC!!! We appreciate all you do for the children in our community!
lol shut up. yes !! you've become a stranger, never saying hello
please follow me!(:
The best time to do maintenance of your HVAC is before it’s actually needed! Call us now: 813-928-3646
I just recently discovered you can SLIDE your iPhone notifications and whatever app is notifying will open. I love that!
and continues to turn their back on Ryan Braun, despite his epic performance tonight. Yet, somehow, Kemp is still their darling.
hardest but most rewarding job in the world is a single parent.. twice the workload twice the sacrifice.. twice the rewards!!
Freeway loves the beach boys
Then there are those friends who inspire you to be a better human and make you so proud you get teary-eyed. Yup, that's you
Here comes the rain...
It was a test. No fire, back at the desk. All is well.
ard bm ... smooches ' and wtf u going down 69 for ? who u wit ?
Oh and yes Dragons as well, I felt that they needed to be together : )
Bears don't care.
Ugh I'm FUCKING BORED
Congrats! Now that sounds amazing & keep up the good work!
Listen mother fucker... STOP, STALKING ME!!!
Josh is amazing and won me over today
you're so hott!
Another wonderful day Yo get things done.
#storagewars brandi is hot! love the show
if you could go back too any day in ur life what day would you go back too???
I wish I could laugh! Authors barely touched the surface but found "belief that being an anthro inoculates one against racism"
Birthday kisses. Lolz
Sexercise is the best kind of workout.
I just started using it like 2 hours ago... I'll let you know in a few more days.
RT: #Tumbledown at the Manette tonight w/ We're recording for a live album! Don't miss this show! (Bremerton, WA)
Here's the deal, no I will not call you from a show and, no I will not have a band member call you, unless you have a valid reason.
Morning Rockstars! > Time and space are fragments of the infinite for the use of finite creatures. - Henri Frederic Amiel
Who's serious about this game? Send me samples at
Thank you! RT : Awesome background.
That guy in your office who seems to disagree with you on everything... and you know it's completely on purpose.
It means Shake My Head :-) Thank you for the RT!
Go suck a fat cock. I hate you.
so where we going then
first song I ever bought on iTunes was handlebars:)
not kidding but some bed bath and beyonds carry the Mr. Beer kit brand
I do think I will keep him. He's already housebroken even if he is a little loud. ;)
. i think you're hilarious, but not as funny as organized religion. that shit KILLS me! (and lots of others, literally)
Stop hating on Chelsea! LOL
I cant believe I let you follow me...
Are they tougher than Maryland chipmunks?
former High school-it on top of u omari
I do hate that. It's embarassing, especially if you're buying something you're not proud of.
new purple plugs!, YEAA
I love this song ---> jason chen-bestfriend
Someone once told me 'remember u are more than just an actor- u are also a human being' - u can always pause one or the other!
I hate getting on fb it's too much Thrist on there
If you haven'tspoken out on the repugnant and age discriminatory Obamacare, both parties are invited to pray loudly for a Brown victory
There are three types of people in this world: Those that get math and those that don't.
Flat out, Bottom line, Point blank, All in all, Moreover, Furthermore! Action Speaks Louder Than Words! We all know this;
's idea of throwing t-shirts to the crowd was *thisclose* to being totally awesome
Wake up #America, don't wait until your #unemployed or #homeless to speak up
Go follow on instagram she's a hawtiiie ~
Everyone needs to read book...I finished it in 2 days.. #ifsomeonesaysno #youraskingthewrongperson words I'm gonna #live by
voted for ya again, buddy!!
He always makes me smile no matter what the situation is!
First dress fitting in 6 days, first shower in 10 ... wedding in 58. It's getting very real all of a sudden!
Gonna be heading over to Bad Genie tonight after Cut Copy to enjoy the sounds of WhyB and Chris V - also, $2 22oz. PBRs all night. Get it!
~ Why don't u stay home w that attitude? I'd Rather hear you prophesize saying you're going to make every cut and win twice!
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Mother's Day!
Use it as a virtual bulletin board to visually represent and/or inspire you.
do you do paid mentoring also?
Well hell. Menounos score of 30 puts Driver tied for third, or last depending on how you look at it.
Apparently St. Louis seen it coming before anyone else did.
Another page to like: Facts Machine.
thank you! Yes, too much to see and hear!
Sir Sigi seriously second string should start sans silly shirts Sincerely Scrupulous #Seattle #Sounders #Soccer Supporter
We're sorry to inform that we'll be closed this weekend as the fire repairs are not yet complete. We expect to re-open on Monday, July 11th.
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' to Hit Theaters on August 24, 2012
The Pacific Northwest is absurdly beautiful. Why don't I come up here more?
#NP Lil Wayne ft Drake Right Above it Pre AM basketball
Thanks for the RT!
In a world sick w/ racism......Get well soon! Happy B Day for the last time.
CONGRATS, GUYS! visit seattle ;D
I'm down as a mug fugga
What were all the total scores last night? Do you remember? Katherine got a 58, I think and DD a 59. What about the other 2?
Always love hearing about that third variable effect - increase in ice cream consumption causes increase in drowning deaths? Of course!
is now over the 3 Million likes on his Facebook page!.
I'm so happy and grateful to have such intellectual, artistic, and spiritual stimulation in my life!
Free my nigger
Today we welcome back to ANC after his defection to SFO. Tweetup at the Snow Goose starting at 4:40pm. Join us!
Why is it never sunny or warm enough to tan??
Apparently the sticking point is the 3rd tier rights. The ACC kept the basketball ones, but gave up fball to ESPN/ACC...
“There will never be any more perfection than there is now.” ~ Walt Whitman
wow I see now that's driving
If Edson Buddle decides to make a return to MLS, the LA Galaxy hold the right of first refusal.
wow. I want a lobster taco.
Let's make sure The Bop Shop keeps on going!
Nope. No I do not.
Watching Braxton Family values # My fave show in the world !!!
Lu Yen~ Heaven is not the wide blue sky but the place where corporeality is begotten in the house of the Creative.
Thats What You Think
#NotreDame ranked top 25....Rain cleaning out LA....My cameo made first cut of #AmericanReunion...A promising Sunday indeed:)
Set up twitterberry on new phone=success
Ryan Hollins gets T'd up and then misses an easy layup..Interesting start to his Celtics career..
Douglass Gibran I (Director, Writer, & Producer)*
thanks Pam(: I will take some now!
In case that's wrong, I got the script "Redneck Honeymoon" Just call my agent....please Oh Please
It's the day after Christmas and we're all so tired. So today we watch movies until we're rewired.
#amwriting on the #WIP. 826 words today, so far! It's getting intense!
Thanks again to and for having me on to talk #Caps, it's been a blast catching up with them all season!
Obviously I'm jealous!
Alright. Just about time for us to "do this". Hell yeah!!
So I just found out that I have to go to the dentist on Monday to get my wisdom teeth out. Oh goodie
It's crazy how I can go from feeling the greatest and happiest I've felt in a while to feeling like complete shit..I'm sorry
nope. pop up nelson was @ 3rd botkin @ short & it dropped between them haha then a kid hit one to center that was it
The event is from 2 to 11, We go on at 3PM.
Oh poor you, you actually have to put in effort. Lol shut the fuck up.
tell? Nothing on me!i
Mother's day is five days away, have you gotten her gift? www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Or saminisn. You can make people attend saminary 2 become a saminist. Will your cult believe in martinis?
spent most of the day researching and sketching mythical and interesting creatures for new art dolls that I will be making.
Missing clubs that have DJs that aren't scenesters who suck.
I think id rather take a nation championship
#4famouswords kiss my ass bitch
Learning SPARQL by Bob DuCharme. "Greetings from Amazon. We thought you'd like to know that we shipped your items" amzn.to/lEXtGo
You are a liar. Zimmerman needs funds to live. He can't work and has to live away from home. Thanks to terrorists like Sharpton.
Certain people just have a way of understanding me.
Congrats Kevin on the launch of the Soma Hub!
what a beautiful day we have today in Chicago
pop art reflected the excess of american culture that was possible because of america's
you need to make that a double feature with Vanishing Point!
Another day in the lab
President Obama has his feet on Washington Soil (or pavement)
two different versions of the same meme. They're faces of email, aim, irc, #fb heading towards more complexity & connection.
On my way to Baltimore - la voce will hopefully be whipped back into top form by the end of the day!
you picked a bad day to sleep in!!!!
we're multitasking! thanks to both of you for a lively AND informative class. it's great to be around enthusiastic people!
"The Difference Between Success and Failure is the Ability to Adapt" - Jack Bauer
Small wedding, almost in secret, I guess it is a bit of a secret.
tattooing will begin again shortly
CM said no need -- LA has a team and it plays on Saturdays in the Coliseum.
You're welcome! Concise and spot-on! :) Week is pretty good. How about yours?
amen to that brotha glad to see things are goin well
You're welcome! Thank you for sharing your LinkedIn tips. Of course, I need to find the email!
14 wins away
the little things like that, are the things that make me smile 😊
Good morning new day new me fuck yesterday . I blessed to have a healthy daughter n a good support of dad love u both
*suckling gas out of ale's jeep RT": *eating dirt RT“: Mr.perez <<<< dirt.”"
Yeah it's "Niall the Konkey" &he actually has four siblings.. Harry,Louis, Liam and Zayn :D
drunk gym is the worst. I've tried.
awesome - thanks!!
what does it mean to be a celebrity? why do so many start believing their own press notices?
Back on 'Words With Friends', feel free to add me if you're up for it: m.m.farooqui
happy birthday ya bang
much love to my PooBear and daughter Jai Wade..still enjoying the residue of our time n the 'A'
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I don't know what it is with the iTunes updates lately. Now it doesn't want to sync with my iPad.
#gophers bball team at Target shopping with those less fortunate. Much respect gentlemen. Merry Christmas!
CFO clarifies CPS paid into pension fund but was a reduced amount. Rep: Planning on treating each fund same? CFO: Principles consistent.
I tried but the link isn't recognized by my browser (Chrome). Ideas? (I'm up to my usual today: global domination.) :)
Skip Bayless on LBJ- "Like a good neighbor state farm is there, with a clutch gene!" lmfao
I AM POSITIVE SEBASTIAN.
Aw shucks! Thanks for the kind words about #Beertown. 'Twas great having you visit.
perhaps you need a recombobulation center. Okay, letting that one die, tempting tho it will ever be.
Follow us !
we'll see you there shelbs
Perfect night in Austin
Couldn't have said it better myself RT ": Glad I switched over to watch inspirational story."
I feel my levels of cynicism and sarcasm rising. Could be a long evening.
I'm done with all the bullshit
Oh My God Becky Look At Her Butt! Tunechi! ~Lil Wayne &Drake The Motto <3
doesn't everybody?!
Just getting home
stop trashing because let's face it, are YOU really going to marry him? No. is happy with her, r u blind to that?
Today's post-chemo song: Disco Inferno. Burn that mother down!
Shelf-life of Tiles rendered from is important to declare to users
...to forgive is canine! good one. One of my dog's was very sensitive...hurt and she would bite me on accident. I told her...
SHOUTOUT TO FOLLOW HER YOU WONT REGRET IT.=)
Want $250 credit? To enter, tweet the scariest place you've ever been, include
Just got home from intro the biblical languages class learned the Greek alphabet tonight & read a few words
Hickory hickory dock.The mouse ran up the clockThe clock struck oneBut the rest got away with minor injuries
great site
You've got it bad! Lol!
Man! what a great time in Cincinnati. Thanks to everyone that made it such an awesome night. We'll be back soon!
The only thing not stiff on my body after lunch is my dick. So hard to get back to work.
One question Katy wats rusty rockets plzz re tweet
I LOVE that song! Great idea! I have a song planned for my next video but I'll definitely do that one soon :)
Was that an earthquake? Very sudden!
The printed chronicle of the #thatcamproadtrip hijinks should be called "Run Over This Book."
we've all seen what happens to those who try to go drug free..... Mary J.... thats all I have to say
...And it's all, because you lied!
We hope that gentleman told you how BEAUTIFUL you looked! Thank you for sharing the photo.
Syrians are protesting outside the Russian embassy again. I need to study and they're getting louder.
i see ya background doe..
as expected, passed the Millersport exit on the way home yesterday and Michelle and I waved for you!
well..the weekend is gone, the week is beginning<<<lookin' forward to it ^_^
Def won't be better than the original!
it's official! Game postponed to June 30th.
hurry and get on skype faggot
Thank you for #WW love! Cheers :)
let me know if u need a hand. It's what I do :)
Is Newt dropping out really "Breaking" news?
Treat your audience like poets and artists and they will have the chance to become them
Sorry to hear you didn't enjoy it. Chef Tai is out of town. Do u want to pass along your experience? Happy to share it with him.
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend and a happy Easter
Agreed! I can tell you're sitting outside of Picasso's. Selfish.
James 1:27 "Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress..."
is it tru that you came from florida????? and im just asking bacause i used to live in florida
lol I'm sorry to hear that.
RT Where are you switching to? here I come! Other suggestions?
okay. That's a fair opinion, but given the number of RT's it's already received, I'm led to believe readers are interested.
my roommates kid. Lol not mine. I have 0 and I don't plan on having #1 for years to come.
#ccbas winner K-2 category is i#ccbas Lester Laminack & Henry Cole for 3 hens & a peacock
Awww np! Also thank you, congrats on yesterday from a reply from she's so sweet. lol :)
holy shit. he was talking about jews "that fell asleep in rooms and ovens" i cant make this up....that was serious.
#taylorallderdice & some pineapple express
this is awesome! thx for sharing!!
thanks for that
Hello Tweethearts ... IM BACK! :)
Its a freakin holiday & ive been up since just after 4am. Ugh. Enjoy your #LaborDay everyone!
youre gorgeous omg
“: For your Sunday reading: revisits In any other town Fletcher would have been thrown a parade!
...says don't try to impress me with what you have. Impress me with who you are.
A BIG thank you to all who helped get the word out about the 13th Annual Museum Day here in Fairbanks, Alaska!
Of course! They do! lol My wife is one of them too! ;-)
RT : Don't forget to get your tax deduction before 2011 comes to an end. Call us at (310) 204-4669 to arrange for a......
Finally at home for the weekend,
I love that movie :)
You won't beat me in this conversation bruh. Even you yourself said how this mouth piece of mines got some good ass game attached to it
good morning sunshine!
Requesting sweatshirts, sweatpants & socks.
send an email to He can help you sort through all of it :)
Anyone know why people would be lined up outside of the fox theatre today? I'm out of the loop.
Don't piss me off! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
my friend bday is May 15th. She's a huge fan of Can u plz RT this and get him to tweet her.
Great to meet with you today !
You think PAC's on the roids?
Gotta love the old man. Hehehe ": “It doesn’t matter what my profit margin is, I own the f@#$ing place.” - #FavoriteOldManSayings"
My new mission is to add surprise and delight to every calendar!
RT : Amazing take-aways from Session 1 of the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit! God is up to something BIG!
Can't help but love Alexander's corner. Classic.
SARINNE. IM GONNA CRY. IM COMING. INVITE ME.
- things are great in NYC. tough loss for the Bucks on Sunday though. we'll just have to win the B1G tourney to make up for it!
Woke up early during spring break just to listen to s interview on
is taking a sales call in the US Consumer queue. Thanks #Dell for connecting with our customers.
Who wants to be my buddy?? :)
I wrote it only last night as part of #NaPoWriMo. I have a lot of poems out there, though, and I'm hopeful.
Just watched Dance Moms Miami... is absolutely amazing!!
RIP Whitney I'll definitely be watching The Bodyguard for you!
Welcome to Twitter Little Beck - (with and )
And I got to play referee
I'm going to my brother-in-law's bachelor party tonight.
When Amanda Knox returns to the US. I have a feeling shes going to stay away from the Jersey Shore.
Want to chat first thing next week?
devon!!! miss you, and since when are you too cool to say hi to me at track!?
Pick me! RT : Win! To celebrate our #opf2011 shortlist we have 2 sets to give away when we reach 4000 followers. RT to win!
Sigh. Write an article without even reaching out to the organization whatsoever. You call that journalism?
no one ever likes my pictures on facebook. if a slutty girl posts the most hideous picture of herself on there, she'll get 100000. gaah
The European energy mix is a product of Putin, Fukushima, and Nordic fjords.
Please help Chess-in-the-Schools follow more people on Twitter! We need more followers in order to follow more. Please RT to help CIS
taking a nap cuz im sleepy dnt forget to give me some songs to sing for my #YouTube videos please THX and
LOL. See what she started? *shakes head sadly*
There's a Deep Purple song "It's Not The Kill. It's The Thrill Of The CHASE!"
im checking in with passport on the mobile app what do you get from doing it?
words to think about: "What evil prevails when good men stay silent!"
I wish more of my friends had I love that app, but I only have 11 friends on it.
Ill sleep when I'm dead.
dexter morgan as david fisher...
Last day in ND be back to MN tomorrow boi
Jaguars draft Blackmon. No one in Jacksonville notices.
Good. My biggest complaint though is that both times I've had one, they've been med-rare, despite not being asked about temp.
We've been a little quiet the past few days. We are working hard to get the full schedule finished.
right? every time the GOP agrees to something I'm like "and how screwed did everyone who isn't rich get?" le sigh.
Keep it coming guys! When should we give you a preview?
Goodell tells NFL retirees that pension and disability benefits will not lower in season w/o salary cap
Sometime it's like didn't u read that cuz you acting like a bitch!
Everything she said
Those words made me react in such a way
Working on downsizing - again! The less I walk with the better!
"Animal crackers in my soup, monkeys and rabbits loop the loop".. what u kno bout that kid?
ADR session got cancelled last night due to work schedule. Screening tomorrow for a few friends and deadline next week!
Mr. Ogle singing christmas music
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
thank you! Sigh... I can't keep it inside. I'll be okay.
How come? Honest question.
(yesterday's) Tip of the day: Being late is still bad.
Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid. John Wayne
Happy Birthday! If you need it, I'd love to get you a second cup of coffee! Just head to the first floor of old main and...
How smart are you if you're trying to steal a cop car?
I'm constructing the most hateful work of writing I've ever done. This is fun.
is that a corn muffin with guacamole?
haha, I'm in the same boat today! In jammies and heading to bed!
I want to punch League of Legends right in the damn face. -_-
m I've been wanting to try that! Wish they had it for lunch but it's dinner only.
lol ok were doing this!!! our lifes will be forever changed!!!!!
Audition number two today! For a commercial again.
#thingssomepeopledonthave COMMON SENSE
need 2 twins, male,midget, or old people,job sing happy b-day to this person, pay 100$ 512-785-8906. in Vegas
don't worry- pictures and videos will be shared. Even better, he only lost one eyebrow and random patches of hair.
help me out please
Honestly it is not about branding/loyalty to an engaging person (who we love) but expanding on possibilities. Even *she* agrees
Resurrection time...
Is Justin Beiber holding Mayweathers belts
Why do you shut down I-77 south during a nearly sold out home indians game against a regional rival?
Thank you lady!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Never be afraid to be amazing." ~Unknown
amazing concert!!!
#infsum p50 skipping the daily show to crawl in bed with the book
It was a pleasure to meet you! & an honor! Doe & I will reach out to you shortly. salute.
Hes on the left if chahci
Agree! : The best writers I know want great, tough editors. They wouldn't have it any other way.
Lol! Back when gave me a Shoutout. It was so funny to not forget. "Shoutout to...Ery?" She even pronounced it right. Lol 😁
Happy birthday ❤
there's so much more I wish I could be doing
Just had an amazing experience at the Boston Opera House with !!!
Not my dog asian man...my friend's hope ur well. RT : your dog looks so adorable! And tasty!
How bout I call you? !*)
Getting a ton of snow in Peralta.
yep in the ATL
i make things every day. i will participate. i have an exhibition coming up in July so everyday in june will be a busy one. :D
That's awesome.
In honor of the Instagram deal, I am building a business that will convert all tweets and postings into their poor-grammar equivalent.
didn't Kendricks play inside? How did he get matched up o. TEs?
My lil bro is a fool.
Dear Roderick, thanks for following!
The great operatic tenor/Cantor #RichardTucker put 8-yr old me on his lap after hearing my solo in a synagogue, and made a fuss with me.
Last topic from me: LBS games. has made LBS (in the US) interesting again. Now venues are getting into the game.
Kids, stay off the busway. Got a nice ride in a cop car last night :P
this what we waited months for?
I had a little monkey His name was father O He wears a funny getup And puts on quite a show. . . (Cont.)
obviously the #UnderratedEP duh (;
so i am a proud jonas fan and i am not afraid of what ppl have to say follow if you believe it too
Right now, the one thing cheering me up, is old videos. God, this kid and his food addiction.<3
com, that covers the aspects of how to be an EA video game tester
Physically & mentally prepared, focused , determined, self motivated , 12 yrs applying #Survivior ~:-)
If these guys bad then I gotta be a demon.
Who needs ideas?
Missed it at SXSW so had to catch Marley tonight. Amazing documentary about a man who truly loved all & gave us such sweet music. Go see it.
I'll be there Friday for 5/10 come say hey
Some people think assessment is synonymous with testing. Observation is often a very useful form of assessment.
My grand babies asked me to get them tickets to see some child called ASAP Rockie...I asked them when they start listening to country music
U S Marshall Raylon Givens is the greatest #Pronto by the great Elmore Leonard.
Fantastic! How about you?
Walking and I feel like falling in a hole. Guess what finally kciked in
I'm so happy im off today. :)
Portland School Superintendent Carole Smith tellsFM News 101 how she thinks schools can be better funded 5-9 tomorrow AM
Explain to me why I have yet to watch #XmenFirstClass?
hopefully? Thought you worked there or something
Friday-It may be snowing, but we are still open all night with great live piano music! Mike Massey starts at 6pm, Richard Shaten at 9pm
I went swimming and now I am searching for the Goblin gost to ;)
let the bottled up hate pour out onto this keyboard, and may someone actually read it and do something about it.
Tip of the day: If you have under eye circles, avoid using purple and grey eyeshadow as they can emphasize the circles below your eyes."
My worst enemy is regret :/
yah! more powers to you guys! <3 take care and good luck^^
Beginning to think donating to certain charity organizations is akin to making a political statement...
If not before then, will likely be back here around the 5/10 or so. Love to everyone.
Linux and Gaming: Full Steam Ahead
Good one! RT : A chance to qualify for the Indy 500 would be pretty high on my list ...
If you've seen the I'm a Man video Like this status!
calling it a night with 1100 words done. Into scene 2 of chapter 2. More #amwriting tomorrow. Night kids :)
Staff meal today was Pho with tripe and pork belly. Real nice!
come on dude, my response tweet was way better.
#Random thought Do women in prison get their Hair done ? Isnt that a part of grooming or Do they just Say Fuck their Head
#Grateful. Flying out in the morning-booked my 1st gig in 2012.
Wouldn't you prefer a gang?
What's even more embarrassing for Mickey Loomis is that he couldn't even have a winning team from 02-04.
OMG I KNOW. he said he's uploading another one when he gets back from rehearsals i can't wait
Congrats to the very handsome, smart and Adrian Brody-looking on his super great graduation :)
Don't you worry your pretty little mind,people throw rocks at things that shine,and life makes love look hard<3
#rochester stop in this weekend and visit all of our cats and dogs available for #adoption!
I think it's great that I'm hearing the Chris Brown verson of FAME for the first time and thinking, "Not as good version."
I don't even wanna THINK about how much work I have to do for school or how much I'm behind #woof #superstressed 😖
Very true!! I wish everyone could find this!
They won't be there yet, but you can get your #11 Ellis custom tee made for you tonight!
I'll be on the show Body of Proof tonight. On ABC @ 10pm pacific
digging the bio, every one of them!
how the fuck did you find me on twitter.
just got THE VOW <3 now im just waiting for SOMEONE to show up so we can watch it!!!! (:
hey I really enjoyed your talk in SF on creativity! thanks for the insights!
just shut up
trying to get my own system going ere
Office Live almost out of the gate
ugh get on. DUDE DUDE DUDE. hi
RT : off to val gardena for a bit of speed and air.
oh thinking about making a trip out to Cali! Side project in the wings, ya heard??
#AutoRepair Getting Custom Automobile Steering Wheels is a Growing Trend
Haha but that may take a bit too long. Now you put me in a mood for Indian. Adios sushi!
Thank you, Mary! Blessings...
29K words down, 21k words to go for my new novel. It's sexy. I promise.
ah shit. guess it's out
I don't want your shitty ass friendship.
I agree, the dark clouds need to keep movin'. We'll get sunbreaks this week, but much cooler with showers. Cant' wait til wkend
[26] Full genome sequencing has resulted in the conclusion that after 6
Avatar ! I love this movie :)
partying with styles & co. andd ooh, i see, i see. well they better not switch hotels or i will ruin their lives.
11 more days Thank You Jesus :-)
*kicks your face* t-____-t
U SHOULD HAVE NOT LEFT TONIGHT IVE BEEN CRYING NON STOP! i luv u! Keep on singing like u make me keep on singing. Luv u!
dodged a bullet there
LOL if someone is saying some bad stuff or things about me. Don't send me a message. PRAY for them.
notes on writing: use less words
#WhyDoPeople hate on others to feel better about themselves?
nothing yet. Damn it.
here's hoping. That article was in '10 so hoping they ain't forgot :p
Hey, can I come with you?
One game and the have been written off. Whatever man
Get some rest everyone! You'll need it for the sports games tomorrow.
My mom needs to chill out.
I'm cashed out I could give a fuck what you thankin, I'm paid Bitch
I swear I just got a wiff of coconut rum and I think I just vommed
Jeff Bridges new album...is really fucking good. The Dude Abides.
lol not even that , and good wby :)?
Rock Make Fest Saturday! Awesome free music provided by + more. Brand new stickers from yours truly. 18th & Treat.
Thanks, bro. I appreciate that. FYI - that picture is actual size. :)
Good morning #Filmmakers only one week left until the last deadline for film submissions to TFFOC!
CONGRATULATIONS!! I totally see you in a Mustang Convertible.. Awesome! haha
at supportseattle at uber dot com! :)
well, now I am coming!! Thanks for the heads up
#FF A few great Academy alums to follow Hit those Follow buttons!
yay no school tomorrow!!
Glad to see Kenyon Martin playing again. I just wish he was playing with the
Did we mention the Allman Brothers Band and Lynyrd Skynyrd are coming Friday, August 3rd? Aw hell!
u prolly used that pic b4
#MakesMeSMH when taxpayers act surprised at their tax obligation/refund results..changes in tax laws and taxpayer circumstances will do that
thats cool my cable gets american channels.
hahaha!!!! I have been there :)
k.. Sounds like a pussy call. You called us our last noght. Wevwon series man up dude
Turns out if you use the carcasses of smoked chickens, you get a tasty, smoky stock
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
I had to stop my workout because some creepy maintenance guy kept stopping and leering at me. :/
thank you for your feed back! Please let us know if you do come across any
Well that's just great Hallmark! This Mayan calendar I bought from you is missing 10 days at the end of December!
just saw a URL with /cgi-bin in it, blast from the past.
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
Can you find out if DF Baton Burton is back...Haven't gotten any info from distributor again.
I broke the rules and had a breakfast quesadilla It was really good!
RT I don't normally use my hands, they just lay next to me .....I usually leave a $50 tip afterwards
Does the 58 detour affect any Winterburn stops?
Canada Dollar Strengthens for 2nd Quarter on U.S. Growth Outlook - Bloomberg
well done guys... This is a chess game and you guys are more strategic players!
Purse is missing with passport, ticket, IDs and money. Gotta run. Not good. Very, not good!
oops!!! see that? my twit right there will garnish a half-dozen new porn-twit spams at least. see you in April, I'm sure!!! gaf
Its 60 in Boston and is having a powder day. I need to be in vermont.
these old ppl I work with they be writing me talking about "wazzzzz up" are you trying to be cool? lol
YES! Congratulations! DM us your mailing address! :) RT : his bedroom
He was incredible!
Love the way Ben Tate runs.
We're a Mac school ;)
i love it when he calls me during the day though, no matter what it is that we talk about it's that boost of energy i need to get me by.
I can be anything. I'll be your everything. Just touch me baby. I don't wanna be sad.
What locally owned Lincoln Park business would you like to see become a member of GoLocal?
SOAKED! On Star Island coming to you November 5...tickets go on sale this week stay tuned for more details.
Just finished reading Shift by Just beautifully done, even better than Shade. I have a date with Shine a year from now!
my clients fight over "The Color Issue" and the "Hair Special Issue" of at the salon!
THIS WEATHER IS SO NICE!!!!
Niggas will shit on yuh ever chance they get
taking sage to knott's today!! Funnel cake here we come!
Ok I'm not at the #MetGala tonight but that's ok...breath in, breath out :)
Seriously? That's crazy.
November to supts: you don't have the legal problems online you think you do
Exploring the vast world of Twitter...wow, so much all in one place!
it better not suck
not yet trying to start
Oh Nvm. RNG is Saved, Their Obv Ustreaming at their hotel so ..
Following up on my last tweet, the choice is... Glock
Thank you very much. Beautiful page!
I'm hating until I'm invited
Proud of my alma mater finally winning on the road this week, beating Auburn.
I cut it in an arch - in honor of your trip :)
Well as my work wife I fear your wrath if I forget those sorts of details
They are going to tow Shuttle Discovery from Dulles Airport to the Smithsonian on Thursday. That will be an interesting sight.
Tonight we rock Shark City in Glendale Heights come out and help us win the battle of the effin bands we play at 9:30!
i love you i love you i love you!
thanks Darling! :) xx
what do you plan on doing with your life?
Thank you to everyone for your support at the Portland and Seattle shows. is an amazing car company and thank you for ur support
I'm proud of you
You guys suck
buy #NYR won, so who gives a shit ...
Hope is ok! Take care of your ankle and get ready for adidas Nations next week.
Lol girl dont hate. All my freaks call me that!
To count all the stars, you must first learn the constellations. - S.Rippetoe
LOL! I will have my own seamstress who sews my leather book covers onto my books printed on the finest parchment fabrics...
Phil Ethington: Library as a crypt and books as tombstones
Believe in yourself!
ha ha they depressing me wit this history lesson/look into the future message lol
Just had a Brad Ranchero at Kimmie's. Yumm.
send me some of your cupcakes :)
Your Body is Your Temple So how well do you know it?
I'm going to wait for 4.0 and then see how I feel.
Aw the real Niko with the Real Elway. I miss that Elway.
Is it possible to out grow family?
That moment you text something deep and all you get is an "ok" -____-
Fake females equal insecure niggas stop the cycle
Amarillo sky
The Dagwood: layered sandwich of pork burger & swiss, turkey & cheddar, fried chicken with a fried egg and other delicious accoutrements
My ma was jus singing meek! 😂😂
I didn't say I was running. I retweeted He's got to run.
Good chat about communications and #socialmedia during the loud session at
(at mcdonalds) : can i get a mcdouggle?
How we've missed you on Twitterverse!
Andrew, it seems you're angry at everything lately.
Lol it doesn't! I wish it was warm. Not hot. Not cold. Just warm. And omg lol my bed is SO cold. Haha wow
Hey tweets! Whats up today? Anything fun
Love me or hate me I don't give a sh*t ok so
first day of work went awesome (: I love my job.
latter, for sho... or possibly a combo of both
I wont grow my hair out..
Finish them!!!
4 U FLASH,CASH, & ASS MOTHERF@#KERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD & BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Have been on hold for over 30 minutes, and having trouble remembering why I called in the first place.
Braun fouls off his leg. I think he just yelled for some "fudge".
HAPPY B-DAY TO ALL YOUR BOY H
Happy holidays, whichever you celebrate. Wishing you a warm and cozy winter if you don't.
you're just as handsome now as you were then!!!
Its a really good #wine too!
Josh Hamilton is too nasty
Stupidest girl in the history of humanity.
Yes! That's sounds like the kind of Saturday I should be having.
Only if his daddy lets him.
peanuts have IQ's? :o I didn't know thaat.. lmao
Hey Alan-Thanks for sharing news @ our bootleg- it goes on sale next Monday 14th. Can you help correct your post?
Thursday night, Smalls Jazz Club w/Lawrence Fields, Luques Curtis & Kendrick Scott, Tabreeca Woodside on Vocals & me on Vibes. Come on out.
HQ is Los Angles. But our service will be servicing casting and actors worldwide.
I am a maniac
I'm going to have to try that again, I remember not liking it the first time but I keep getting recommendations.
lmao today was just....
New shirt designs, and new music coming your way! Get stoked!
Ha. Best tweet today. RT : that awkward moment when you realize you're wearing the outfit in your avatar
we'll have to find a way!
where what ?
The best advice for arguing with a parent, suck up your pride. Put yourself where they would want you to be but they wont expect it.
Being a good bf and sitting by myself cause at this going away party I know no one.Only option is to dance but they keep having dance offs.
McMenamins West Side Open House 3pm to 7pm on April 24th. We will showcase all of our West Side Properties, great for meetings & retreats!
Thanks for the follow and congrats on HOP!
he hit a boy in the face
clever clever!
Congratulations to Baja #RIT for its 3rd place finish at the Baja SAE Alabama event held this past weekend at Auburn University!
I just had the Niagara falls of blood come out of my nose :[
Ben+Ann Haddad took refuge in their car; charging cell+reading.. If you have any blkout stories, plz. contact me: .
did she deserve that for texting etc while driving?
Lets go Brewers!! And....walk Goldschmitt please lol...
If I treat you, the way you treated me. You would hate me.
I was thinking would be the one to make us late... But no, it's and
why are lolcats the perfect medium with which one can communicate with their parents?
I have no idea, how have you been? I was a super busy week vcofr me.
sure:) followed :)
I think Rondo gets suspended. Big hit to Celtcics' chances.
time for a lil #genealogy research and 2012 family reunion planning
We are holding a Free educational seminar here in Las Vegas on Wednesday the 28th. please go to our website to find out how to RSVP.
I ❤ to shower to "Claire de Lune" on full blast ...
The heathens are winning with a song about masturbating... Or are they? Hrm... It's a trap!
Conflict builds character, while crisis defines it
Merry Christmas.
Today is Spirit Day, Remember the words and actions that you commit in life can alter someone elses life completely. Rest in peace Seth.
I better be in on this.
Q2 change- we need a new flavor of koolaid to drink ;)
I am sad that Desperate Housewives has ended! This was my mom's and mine's favorite show!!!
Nice play by Holtby cutting down Chara's angle. Chara could have shot that earlier though
I'm really excited about the ADDY Awards this Friday in Seattle ~ yay!
I can hook you up w that no prob.
In one of the most elite clubs in vegas. In a cabana. Overlooking the city and the club. Yeah...bang
Had lots of fun and learned a ton at #dlfforum and #thatcamp #pub but am so glad to finally be home! If only I had energy left to join
My shampoo/cond. says it's #glutenfree, but I'm not convinced since I seem to be having a bad reaction to it. Hm
I hate that face lol
What should I ask this morning? He's mayor of Del Mar and wants to be the next SD County Supervisor
Have an extra shot for me :)
my captain America shirt is in full force.
R.I.P. Ben Breedlove </3
Dreamed that I had dinner with George Clooney & Biz Markie at Then they walked out on the $1000 check, sticking me w/ it.
I'll be plastering pics everywhere. You won't be able to miss it if you just pop on fb or something. :P
I'm making plans for a downsized Thanksgiving this year. No Turkey, just a Stuffed Chicken. Anyone else trimming their holiday plans?
#note from #NastBoyz all these niggas rock the #boat but we #MAKE #da #WAVES #bowww lol
no! Just been a long day!
Are U the Voice of Jesus Christ?? Let His light SHINE through U! Spread the word of God’s Love! Have a wonderful weekend everyone! – HBN TV
Come out and see a last minute show at on monday! 5$ for people coming to see the working hour! (1/2 off!)
Writing a letter to him...gotta learn that im now a lady not a child.
Did you try converting to MOV? That should work as long as you have QuickTime installed. Maybe try Format Factory?
You're greatest supporter of You brought amazing tweets to best friends known as #Victorians ♥ :)
Wondering what delicious tacos is cooking up for tonights #TacoTuesday!?
I'm really gonna feel salty if coach makes me run the 200m tomorrow
MEDIA MATTERS in SHOCK for NOT finding Chris Matthews' BRAIN when trying to install "news-feed chip" in his skull.
wondering how long maintenance takes :)
If you, O Lord, should mark iniquities, Lord who could stand? But there is forgiveness with you, so that you may be revered
"I don't know what it meant, but it felt good on my lips." 💛
Some ppl are too damn confusing...they tell.u don't do a certain thing n u dont do it n they still get mad...
Don't get my personality and my attitude twisted, because my personality is me, and my attitude depends on you.
is hot!
In Salmon Creek WSDOT crews are opening up another lane on the 134th St exit from I-205 NB this morning around 6:00.
Reputation points have worked well to get better citizen contributed data.
YOU ARE SO LUCKY!!! I'M JEALOUS!!!! D:
Um changed my pic.
Downtown LA.
Hey there, always great to meet a fellow PNW writer!
happy birthday to the funniest girl i know your an amazing friend and i hope you have an awesome birthday! (:
Everyone go and follow the most gorgeous girl i know on twitter! Xx
The 4 of us left in theater just laughed. It was a great moment.
I'm still not sure I buy "both parties equally to blame." That's a lazy media crutch.
u have to play that again ..... R&B need a comeback ....
"Aint no cow stepping on my toe" - Miranda
i have a Q: how do u handle maximizing time w/blogging? 2 posts a wk + checking in w/others sounds like a lot
Just realized is back on tomorrow night! , are you going to watch? Can't. Wait.
Sunday Predictions: Niners beat Dallas, Laundry gets done, I resist buying Star Wars on Blu/Ray.
Heading to my one one one consultation :-) schedule yours today!! www.prbynatalie.com
just wasted a good 25 cents on a rice crispy treat
Post concert depression 😔 I had fun though (:
thanks man! swung in some #newfeds M&S too. hope to shake&move at some #librar*danceparty soon
Isn't that a little narrow. One show can turn you around? Tough crowd!
I could tell that he was nervous. But I don't blame him. It was his first time performing the song. He was still flawless as fuck tho!
DUH I'M PRETTY SURE IT'S DORCAS...AM I WRONG?
OMG YES. FINALLY A FOLLOWER ON MY BELIEBER-PROBZ TUMBLR :D
oh sorry! I followed you back!:)
Yep. So the House just wasted about $3,000 of our money printing a DOA bill. Thanks, guys.
hell yea ..... cook bitch
what article and who's lying that you're a team player?!? #nosirr lol - have a great one Mr. March
Want more blog traffic? Often times blog traffic, like website traffic, can be elusive. Be proactive in getting blog traffic, use RSS.
is so freaking gorgeous. :)
lol i know thats why i just call you a asshole and keep it moving lmao
Magazine journalism? Did you go to Mizzou?
Bf3 looks awesome i cant wait 4 it
aye ill paly u again tomorrow ima get off now lol
Well, you DO look shifty.
When it rains every part of my body aches. And I have no clue why
A charcoal grill and satellite radio?!! Forget the Ferrari. I want a luxury iREV.
it's only the beginning of #Legna world so you have no idea what's gonna happen ;)
me too he's such an awesome guy he just came up and started talking to me one day at camp. Very cool guy. Glad to see that sack!
I'm still wasted...and I'm at work. WAY TO BE A WINNER!!!
Im late on that tweet tho cuz i guess he's already been freed lol
Sitting here working on 3 different videos at the same time.....headache.
YES TO THIS. A THOUSAND TIMES YES!
Americans- we often don't know anything about a given subject, but we usually have some reckoning about it, don't we?
He/She who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life - Muhammad Ali
Tune into E! News tonight at 7:00 & 11:30 p.m. to see Grey Lee Designs’ ‘Tycoon’ cufflinks featured in the ! #Valentine’s Day gift guide!
eww!. you could have made sure it was a better shot! ;P
Yeah man, that's what I'm talking about!
I asked my boyfriend if he already knows what he's going to be for Halloween. He replied: "Single."
You should treat yourself! The appetizers and dinners are delish.
Big things coming up for me next week!
Shook Adams hand
Stand up, where heels and smile on phone interviews.
I'm doing pretty good. Super tired studying for my world history test. But how about you?
booskii. Play words with friends since your BEGGED.
Hey #Chicago! We're a new Twitter feed dedicated to the greatest referral group in Chicagoland — the Chicago Power Lunch Network!
I hate when somebody pick the smallest thing to fall out with you behind..... Truth is u never liked me to begin with
-A- nobody is not the same as -THE- nobody. "I'm a nobody, and a nobody is perfect. therefore..." FTFY.
This guy man is strugglin in the booth! I'm in a
Sadly yes. There was an instant elimination by coaches after performances. And Lindsey's performance was AWFUL. So bummed! :(
lol what part? That's coo tho, making money is always good👍&pretty much the same thing tho. Just riding round and gettin it lol
Hey follow !
did you receive my direct message via twitter?
How u gonna get mad a me for callin u a bitch if u call yourself a bitch. I thought that was ur name
Why you cold?
Go see #bellflower Holy hell
Just heard the new song and i love it. Amazing!
And I'm still hungry :/
Time to bundle up!! :)
Ha! So it was a term of endearment then! Certainly the positive way to look at it.
king cock blocker.
Lol. Someone left a comment on OurStage asking if I was Uh, no.
It's packed down here
Don't forget that I was like the tenth most popular photographer on the site. Higher than
hes a legit reporter too.He provided intimate details at t/ Super Bowl, Perrish Cox trial & Manning saga. Les isnt classy lol
Enjoying my first free Saturday in a long time!
no problem (: but we could just do it at school or something
RT : #Drummers in the the #Milwaukee Area ... Follow
lol no problem.
RT : Some people are handing out Bibles for Halloween instead of candy. I'm making everyone happy & handing out Candy Bibles.
Phone now :) Might watch TV in a little bit :) text me if you got the digits :)
Westward Ho! in Devon, UK was named after a novel which was set in the area. Who even knew Snoop Dogg wrote novels?
Oh certificate requirements...WHY DO YOU CHANGE!!
He must be mistaken me for someone that cares.
People that ride golf carts in airports, do the moving sidewalks just require too much energy for you?
“RT: "You still have a lot of time to make yourself be what you want. There's still lots of good in the world." - S.E. Hinton”
Hi, Almie: Just checked, & we don't have them. So sorry! Thnx for the idea of Paley Bars. Sent your idea to the buyer now.
I know
The #Spurs are the best, most exciting team nobody knows about.
DANG ALL YALL NIGERIANS GOIN IN..
yea we will see if paulie pavillion sells out then ....
Ooh yes you should learn to skate so you can play hockey! Used to play floor hockey back in the day, but ice is tough!
Aint nuthin like that that Texas heat.
oh yeah.. i have been there!! they put melted cheese on my tamale and it upset me once.. but i'd be willing to try it again
Sorry i had sex with ulga last night.
of course :) welcome to the family we #Codyiacs support and <3 him :)
yeah, surprising
Staying as sick as possible so i don't have to do homework and i don't have to go to school tomorrow oops.
Getting a late start to tweeting, but I'm here! First time ever I didn't get lost driving in Baltimore.
RT Convinced beauty is a direct reflection of heart.
#idontlikeyoubecause you dont act your age
Can't sleep...
That is strange for such a big production!
OMGG. Same. ;D
All of my friends are planning trips to Vegas and going on cruises. I'm off to the Harry Potter Theme Park this week!
what team can I be on?(:
is totally tore it up at Kamps tonight!! For sure.
hi followe me?
if the jets re-sign plaxico I'm gunna shoot myself in the leg
no problem! (: have you checked out our tunes?
Angelina's near the Tuilleries 226 Rue de Rivoli. And try the hot chocolate! Amazingly rich
Just submitted my ballot for the Awards. Almost 8 minutes early this year. Or maybe 7 minutes not too late.
There's a fire melting my ice cream
haha no you have to retire it lol.......
thanks was an amazing show! Was fun and nice to see u and all girls. U shine girl
Final Bill Morrison () silent film 2nite. Masterful "Decasia," 's M. Gordon score, played by 60+. , 7:30 FREE.
I was wondering where he went. Wasn't me, though he appears to be enjoying himself!
hey! i love your profile pic, girl! <3 Is it real?
#sdmayornp "I used to be known as King of Sewage"
'Popularity in junior high and high school doesn't mean anything in real life'
- We are so excited!
Don't we all? RT RT if you speak sarcasm as a second language
Sitting next to a dead shark in a jar...
Yay for the magic of a Furnan sticker on my car!
Great to hear on WYPR show. Mike is a great representative of pent-up excitement in Bmore innovation community
high's and lows... never sip that wack juice...
Yup! husband has been wanting to go on European vacation. Now Barcelona (our first time in these places).
#FavouriteLyric So you can make me cum, that doesnt make you Jesus..
"Don't let the pigeon run this app" is a fun app for little ones.
fair to midland is the only reason to take a break from SW:TOR
oh no trend #happybirthdayjboogz this is more important sorry but she's just a sister not a boy.
I wanna be the reason all women become obese because they get treated like shit so they eat away their sadness
Overheard little boy and caretaker at lunch today:"What's an archive?" "A place where very important things are kept." Can't say I disagree.
I can't wait to get off work
#Networking, like shaving, is something you have to do every day.
RT : People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
So during the practice lockdown at my school I "got shot in the head" by my principal. I died. Isn't that nice to know. -_-
pa follow back..
Buy your tickets for November 26th. Il Signo &La Mafia
3am for me in Alaska!! Glory glory!!
Hm ... says Tim Welke bad ... says Tim Welke one of the best ... Who to believe?
Thank you to , , and everyone who made #DADT repeal a reality!
haha oky? do u like cheese? i love cheese LMAO
I think part of #pbl is letting go + trusting that the kids will do a good job, is that correct? I'm trying to not micromanage
yeah, on my iPhone... Frustrating that the site is neglected in the same features...
that might be one of my favorite tweets of all time
is there any way to know how many votes there is on my 'show us your Q' picture or is it like, secret until may 21st :(
oh yea, favorite class ever.......
Happy Monday David!! Love your music!
Weed,girls,"swag" doesnt make you a "boss'' dipolmas,dgrees,jobs do .
What a busy day at egg's nest today! So excited to meet all the mommies to be in
The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus
Aiken-trained Alpha turns in work Saturday in preparation for the Derby - Aiken Standard
You like beer huh girl check out the RB event the beginning of May, one restaurant featured has 50 beers on tap!
Girl you're on a roll!
I'm blessed to be able to continue my studies! I learning so much each day! Nice to know you, too. Blessings! †
#Berkeley gets another #earthquake. 3.6, enough to wake this Berkeleyan.
Right now Drew is in his underwear watching old episodes of Whose Line. Copy Government handler? Over. *squawk*
Will do!
Had to change my avi to the man, and the ROY . Congrats man
Close second best birthday present: autographed Thomas Dolby CD. Squee!
Violence campaign, people are being pussys and a bunch of bitches.
Holy.crap.
its an issue of an unhappy head childrens librarian and her incompetent rageful assistant.
Field trip!
. & are pairing together for #AusOpen Mixed Doubles. What would be your all-time favorite mixed doubles team?
Bahhaha it say GET TESTED bahaha.
I don't do NHL. Moral opposition. But the NFL Draft will be interesting, for sure.
Wake -6.5 for the second half seems like easy money
Tonight: AutoMatic Beats featuring Plan Beats w DJ Selfborn at.Automatic Slims Bekay
DIs is only tha beginning! Now its time ta start on tha road to winning my grammy!!!
good morning!
styled on em, jamaican hit
need song ideas. x/ -Ashley
I love you! :D
Daily Special, Wed 04/25/12 - Spaghetti w/ Italian marinara & lg meatball, served with garlic toast, salad, and choice of dressing. $6.09 RT
; - I loaded the press release into our system on Friday & did not update it w/today's date
Thank you....about to lease right now.
#theburiedlife book invented swag.
Stella Adler on theater and its purpose: "The theater was created to tell people the truth about life and the social situation."
no man that you dont want to see me
RT : Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Twitter is like my 'bagel' setting on a toaster; instantly making me half as effective while appearing a logical necessity.
and i'm still involved w/ that as much as i can be. i'm also seeing someone :)
": Your boy is finally verified!!! --- Thank you " only the best for u :)
what are you doing tonight? Haha
I heard the movie , The Devil Inside sucked -.-
?what do you want seen on aaron.tv
I am doing good and hope you are too.
evi!!! What are u doing up?
my web host has backed off on some default php configuration changes. thank god I don't have to go through and tighten my coding standards!
#SweetTea is my only addiction!
way i see it, if i forgive one person, i had to forgive everyone else involved. he was the evryone else category. now its just him
1 more week then pumpkin hollow it is. With my best friend and someone speciall! <33
lmfao whoa improper use of the word "swag"
Assembly concurs in SB 174, which closes the school voucher loophole created by the state budget, on a voice vote
Adventure is the essence of life.
^^^ proof that the 80s rocked
oh, hooray.
this was on of the most fun i have had in a while, it was just amazing.. was funny from beginning to end
questionin my future
nice outside...
I think a trip to Target is in order during my lunch break.
I can't. Go to Mrs. Parkersons car and get me the jacket
Hampden Bocce League Meet and Greet Next Thursday April 21st at Fraziers on the Avenue!!
With your skills, how could I say no? Great show too!
Nothing like working for crazy people!
Who said a wrong turn can't be a great adventure?
lol. Will try my best, sometimes I'm not so funny.
When I log into my #Marriott #Rewards account, how do I go about finding/printing the eFolio from a past #hotel stay?
Blue Plate lunch combo: ham & gorgonzola dolce sandwichette (smaller sandwich) w/ side salad: $6!
When guys try to talk to me and they have a girlfriend <<<<<
#FF to - Great updates on press freedom in the U.S. and #pubmedia issues.
First my land, now my remote? WTH? Lol
I love the smell of rain..& it makes your hair so soft!...Except I'm starting to waddle when i walk...
Happy Saturday to my new followers! Can't wait to read what you are up to as well! , , ,
beer: check. dire straits: check. cubes: check. script for importing brushes to maya: damnit I had one, is this it this one doesn't work wai
That is a long day!!
yeah! Those Arkansas girls!
who did she say she was? Haha
But if you're giant, you can run with the squids, the pandas, the catfish, the cupcakes, and of course, the 50 foot women.
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
Do not despair. For the LORD your G*d loves you more than the flowers, the birds, the dogs, the cats, the rodents, the fish, the butterflies
This world is very cut throat. If you don't have tough skin, u better get it and get it fast!
happy birthday to the best dancer in the whole world! :D oh and the girl who re-inspired me to be a dancer thanx chachi :D
seems like article focus was difficulty funding early stage drug/product ; surprised if VCs in that space fund apps & vice versa
you just gotta shut them out today and you got a shot
Tomorrow will be 3m 24s longer, says weatherunderground.com. To me, that means way more daylight shooting time.
Oh is my 1D singing interupting your conversation? TOO BAD.
Fuck it! :) Hope yer having a great weekend gorgeous! :) xo
my pleasure! Really enjoyed you video and the yummy recipe. Love your style!
Great golf weekend with and crew in Athens, TX
I'm so impressed with his leadership of our team. Under Murray they were crap. He worked magic.
It's a lot of illegals at my job lol
Perfection falls not to the share of mortals - Washington. such a visionary.
still love you
I just saw JustIn Beaver 3D, way different then the commercials.
Perhaps the chapter I just looked at was only 3 pgs, but when I clicked PDF icon on top right I only got PDF for that section
Do this. Thanks for reinforcing that this is still a good way.
Join us tonight for Downbeat Switch, Vega Omega and Classic Monkey Shine (Cd Release) Music starts at 9ish. Only $10.00
yep we remember.... Good game! Now that we are healthy....maybe not-so-goo
Just accepted a job offer at Roll Global in Santa Monica, Ca.
I've decided that no statement can actually be true until proven true by the Fallout universe.
yes wil card good!
I always trust my dogs instincts; for years I had suspected the mailman was pure evil, but now I'm sure.
is it normal for your itunes to go up the list instead of down? im listening to adtr and its going up the list i dont understand
Booking a recurring role for comedy centrals the NickKroll show! So excited!
What's the biggest mistake you've made as the team's owner? Can you admit you've ever made a mistake?
So the guy came & told me the computer had a baby virus & i need to get norton to kill it
Dear Obama: You're still the one. I just donated $$ to the campaign.
IT FELT LIKE SOMEBODY HELD A BLOW DRYER IN MY FACE EARLIER. WIND WAS UP TO 60 MPH EARLIER. WITH 113 DEGREE WEATHER SMH
honestly, names aren't as important as the approaches anyway=)
Thank you and MUST★★Follow to
I dmed it:}
Ovechkin, Backstrom, currently Holtby. I would say all un-touchable. If Semin gets a contract extension I'll be irate.
WTH!! Jet vs Bills. Are y'all playin football or pity pat. Geesh
after hanging with Porterfield for several days, their nuts are going to need a rest.
Overall I give #Broncos a C- on their draft. Got no value for trade down in first. Think they reached on a few guys, but what do I know?
#Romance tip of the week: If your mate has a part of his or her body that aches, spend a few minutes massaging it.
Haha of course! And RIP black marker, chem notebook and favorite pencil
your immature prove your story.
not sure how that would work. I will have to ask around .
Any one who wants to hear some hip hop unsigned hype music DM me ur email. No spam Strt Ham RT
I got your back! :)
yayy! Can't wait (: miss your face!
Simply Complicated » Blog Archive » This is { Wherever ...
Bumper sticker ahead of me on Tokay Blvd: "Any day above ground is a good one." Amen brutha
#RigRigRig! Get #Ratings!
Glad your doing well. I had a busy holiday with some family and lots of friends., I hope school is going well for you,,
Wishing a happy #vday to all the ladies of #craftbeer!
I need that second wind right about now 💤
I'll sleep when I'm dead
i like bein around people i can be goofy with and random not so serious all the time.
i want a pet mini giraffe
hey idk if its the right thing but if it is can u play take care
WHOA SHUT UP #HIMYM #alwayskeepingmeguessing! Can it be next season yet?!
thanks!! I really like the tail! lol
I seen a baby cry seconds later he laughs...the beauty of life pain, pain never lasts.
Calories and Cold. Caloric restriction (10-15% RDA) is now joined by "low body temperature" as longevity biomarkers. Source: SRI May 2011
What I learned today: I'm not competent enough to park an automobile.
This! RT : A3 Retweets are like Twitter currency. Give them when you can.
Listen to my radio show, PTERODACTYL HOUR, at 9 pm pacific time. www.kjack.org
Thank you thank you!
"Girls go to college to get more knowledge, boys go to Jupiter to get more stupider."
Nom nom nom RT : Thanks to team mom for bringing me lunch even though I found a hair in my sandwich and it sucked. Gross.
it's gunna be pretty sweet :)
Nobody Greater, nobody greater, nobody greater than yooouuuuuuuuu!
IF U WANT TO READ SOME JOKES GO 2 UR FB PAGE AND LET ME KNOW. I HAVE PLENTY!!
I have never been in search of sympathy or even respect. I have nothing to prove, I am simply who I am. And right now I am very sleepy
I couldn't get through my work day without it!
It's true, which is even more awesome because you're not allowed to look happy on Virginia licenses anymore. :(
Or just send it via email
Thank you - it was great having you join us!
Nope, we like to think everyone is a fan of them ;)
Other risk factors for Type II Diabetes are elevated triglyceride, low HDL, and high blood pressure
RT : Real statistic: every single batter walked by Red Sox pitching this year has scored. (Note: not a real statistic.)
haha, love the hat.
they should make an app or widget for that so I can have it available at all times.
thanks sweetie)
Yea he is i am still fixing it though
we disagree on this. POA is my favorite of the books and visually my favorite of the films.
My dad got front row tickets to Kenny Chesney & Tim McGraw. I'm SOO mad!!!!!
I don't know why, but I am pumped to find out what happens with
help get the ncaa bracket link on the homepage, I can't see if I'm still tied for third. Help!
Happy mothers day to my mom and my grandma!
One more week.....
Join my freind HIS A inspiring Director and Actor!
I used something similar for govt Surplus supplies. It was ok...I would say be ready for lots of emails.
never mind. Sorry
Favorite song to work out too?
Good Morning... Let's make this a great week!
heard #BohemianRhapsody just now. One guess of who I thought of. Lol
Ok, sleep. You win.
did the shirts for the event we are playing. Awesome shirts. Would love to get more info on a sponsorship
That Would Be a AWESOME Concert.luv Billy's Song Let Me Down Easy
when are you and leaving for your trip?
Why the hell does Roland say Henry Potter? It's Harry. Always has been, always will be.
RT : She's too much sometimes.
Reconciling CSS versions.
thanks :) we love you too! <3
The slow cooker is the best. I do a crock pot every Sunday and have meals for days.
"Sitting on the duck of the bay"
It has more to do with who he is playing with now. Bynum/Gasol > Scola/Dalembert.
If I rolled my eyes every time you did/said something that pissed me off my eyes would roll out of my head.
what time do u work?
im sad to have missed the puppet show...
I just got back on twitter and the first thing that popped up was was sick but i know he'll be okay !!! 😜😘
How long until they beat the twins ass.
Morningwood is the worst thing when you're trying to get dressed in a hurry.
What up Twitter world how we all feelin 2day?!
oh my. What is wrong with people?
i hate when niggas say the following: "i will suck yur pussy but yu need to return the favor" the fuck ?
I decided to change my twitter name. I needed something more professional. My new one is the same as my blog name so it works :)
yes im sure it will!
I love X-FACTOR!!!!--is the Voice good this season??i watched it last season
I want to learn the banjo.
Too funny:) lol
Couldn't even run my last race
these iron-ons blowing my minda...
#KyDerby RT : Where will you be in 85 days???
Hello world!
very butch
Q1. You are hereby proclaimed Royal Monarch of Earth. What shall be your 1st official act?
Just wanted to say GN to all u twitter ppl an have a blessed day tommarrow ps. Follow an check out my page on youtube DOEentTV
bout to text you.
RT "I just wanted to beam unconditional love.. Not for too long bc I didn't want ppl to think I was hitting on them" JBH
Somebody need to hip me on to the good followings, so I can have my twitter ROCKIN !
Bringing a bottle of wine to the annual #wrestlemania party. Can't wait to see the look on his unsophisticated face.
please follow me((: love you bri((:
just got a new haircut, love it!
thank u thank u & thank u again. I so enjoyed myself & u guys too! I will be upgrading soon
“: tour @ Endres Manufctrng. They cut a W & Badger out of metal for me! They should have showed you how to make license plates.
Prematurely excited Dick.
will spot you and buy your ticket. Ha ha ha!
im tired of being single i need a boyfriend !
I'm fine as long as I don't try to speak.
Omw to my game
I don't know for sure yet. Even if they are not ours I am glad to see Lady Gaga and Beyonce wear so many gloves.
a cow
"Please stop eating apples." - A lonely doctor.
The only arms we need are those we use to hug!
WOW JJ. That was awesome.
Wants some chx and andouille sausage gumbo from Louisiana...
There's a camel cruising around downtown.
the nice man came to my house last night. Told him I didn't want to buy anything. He pressed on. I chased him off my lawn.
“The things we fear most in organizations – fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances – are the primary sources of creativity.” Margaret J....
how about Tiger's approach on 13?
They vary widely in cost. We're building a chart to address this, but for now let us know your faves & we can talk ballpark cost.
Good Morning. Hope you have a great Sat. I'm going to see "Think Like A Man" today. I hear it's funny & U can pick up a tip or two.
Brought a couple to church 2day, one answered the call, Praise the Lord!
If u 've 2 yrs of SEO expereince and live in Seattle, I might have the perfect job 4 u.Send me your resume()
You look beautiful in your pic.. :):):)
songs are A+ and Performances A+,Kid rocks Drummer saw me few weeks ago perform and loved me. Thats a connect in mix too.
you know it! Follow us for updates and screenings!
Yea, its real emotion. She's human. Its all good!
holy shit am I gonna be an uncle?
Definitely not going back to charlottesville tonight.
Why he could back up Bass KG & Greg S. Young & Athletic
yep...watching it right now. I want to hug I feel so bad.
Man both of these teams stink. This NL central is really funny. Cardinals>>>Scrubs
you lost me
oh yeah key me find it,Sorry i totally forgot!!!
Just bought a new camera from the photography store. The salesperson was a Mayan & he said I wouldn't be needing extended warranty in 2012.
wishing there was an Ascendio button like Tumblr for Twitter..
we tried to do something nice for my aunt and grandmother today... they ended up eating hair (or something close to it)
Heading from Spokane To Knoxville, TN for yet another Self Wealth Live Event! Going to be awesome!
A personal brand-represents your "unique promise of value.” Distinctive set of natural strengths that employers get when they hire you.
Each and every one is all me. Thanks!
Thanks! Maybe :) I'm DM you my email so you can tell me more.
you have So Dec, I have Halloween :-)
Love the inspiration..keep em coming RT : Success is inevitable
yes ma'am!!! u still out north
up all nite, cuz i slept all day ! smh.
So true.
NOW offering daily, 1 time use PROMOTION CODES
Much appreciated good sir! I am little bummed I couldn't be down in LA celebrating with u after ur big test and my offer...
4/20.... Fuk a happy smoke day... Happy drank day 4 me.... #Pour up
I'm a one woman man...
Drove past hart park yelling "GO !!!!!"
Chris Bosh likes boys.
great talk on energy with Jesse J. Tyson, Former Director of ExxonMobil. Lot of terrific info on energy and GDP growth.
It's stained w/ the blood of girls who have thrown themselves in the road in despair over William's nuptials.
