What would you like our next song to be about? We make pick your idea and write the lyrics to our next song based off of your idea! :D
Is this the kind of content that'll be available through Design TV? (Hoping so!)
true statement. John Butler is the greatest
Jail..the government’s way of sending you to your room.
Do you know why wedding dresses are white?
I feel like being from Vegas automatically means you are the product of sin...
We on the westside!
Just watch my first kenetiscope at Museum of moving image
Luv you guys ! <3... Mean it ! Happy Mother's Day and give them the B E S T day ever!!
it's okay, Caleb's been ignoring me all day.
Hope the same for you!
we are in Chicago too..where is your office located? email us at have a great day
pouring Justin wines tonight
thank you!!!
who is who?
Um...did someone plan to have 13 people text me at the same time saying the same thing....?
not a break! Let's go
Oh Oscars. Le sigh.
Welcome back 2 our final panel: Politics after Authoritarianism: Democratic Transitions or Authoritarian Adaptation?
that would be awesome!
you were a werewolf in my dream last night...
Thanks for being there! Great to have you attend first
Congrats to Bubba Watson! You're a damn good #DAWG!
Thanks baby girl! Xo RT : 's avi&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; sexxaaaayyyyy!
Iceberg real!, "a lie will spread around the world twice before the truth even get out the bed"
thinking that could be my stage name.
Studio session wit & #OhHeaven!
If his wife's name is Ofrick, I'm moving to Australia.
I will never stop reading the print-edtion newspaper. So much more rewarding.
cool I am glad to be your friend
Angels had an offseason spending spree. Lock to win it all.
So my blackberry is now broken and dead, I'm highly embarrassed by what I'm carrying around right now. I rather use a pay phone!!!!
it's 2 for 3 me so I'm stoked ;D haha
I don't have a bike
I think it's great that Todd Edwards is making loot putting out tracks for commercials. I'd like to see more crossover appeal for producers.
It's the 26th! It's finally the 26th! Please check out www.susanefine.com!
Why you have to be so heartless?
You guys want to try and do an LA gig together around March 3rd? Miss yalls!
All I want for Christmas is for to follow me! That would be the best Christmas present anyone could ask for. :) 💟
Still waiting for that Directv call. says local office to call me. Who wants to be they won't?
I'm quiet right now, properly sated by the number of times I was able to click the PUBLISH button on some blogs yesterday & this morning.
It's on FOX Deportes.
Sometimes your miracle ISN'T in what you got, but what you DIDN'T get!
'Torches' gets better and better with every listen
The Best Man in my Pants
Not just a debt crisis - Europeans are in endgame of centuries long historical cycle of empire, exploitation, war & now unsurmountable debt
The past three nights; I've sat in my room watching tv alone, the worst feeling is being alone. So sad.
He started by showing your Monstrous Bodies course as an example & credits you for much of what we're discussing :)
I'll never work out how Demi manages to look flawless in every picture of hers. even candid shots. Beauty like hers is a blessing. ♥
I havent studied today... Wasn't planning to either
I'm an ISA #Lima alum myself :) RT : ISA multi-country in 2007. One of best decisions I ever made. :)
a lot of new material! You can't write this shit.......
A: #China. Q: Where will I be teaching English this summer? !!!!Yay!!!! I'm so #excited!
what was she thinking.
be happy:D
thank you :)
Congratulations !! So happy for you and the Mrs.!! (and Connor)
I can't figure it out.
You need to grow up! lol “ People need to grow up!”
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Work 'till 3💰
Let's get lost in my blankets together.
Do you ever feel, like it's going to be a great week?
great so far!!!!
hahah omg I wish
Take care of your girl/man before some other girl/man comes and handles her better!
I only can get three hours of sleep before GQ, but it's cool.. No sleep for me.
“: when are you coming to ?!” When does summer break start?
Think about it when u touch me there!!
Oh he's lives on my street and using my Internet and when I go to sleep all I hear plz god make Alex let me sleep in the house plz god
Just heard from Studio Center. Have a job tomorrow at Tele-Talent in Hollywood.
its wingnight again, but wed have to contend with bros in cramped spaces...
I like long! :)
Cool! Apparently I'm his great, great, great, great niece. My grandmother pulled out the family tree years ago.
I´ll do a better tomorrow from my pc!!
Were like twins! RT : im dirty, im lazy, and i dont wear pants.
When Are You Coming Back To Baltimore & Can You Please Please Follow Me :))
These siege supplies were then conveyed to Yorktown, where General Cornwallis surrendered on October 19th.
New mixtape coming featuring F.O.E A.D.S YUNG FINESSE N A-1 ENT G.M.S SUAVE "P.B.M" PRODUCED BY DONTE GREEN BEATS N MIXING
I should be asleep right now, wtf
I ran from my place to the art museum and back. maybe 7 miles today. I didn't keep time. I probably should do that...
2-3 ft + (Pacific Beach) knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS Congratulations Green Bay Packers for winning the Super Bowl
Whew!!! Another nail biting day of Playoff Basketball!
Welcome to Wabash visitors for Top 10% day! Looking forward to meeting visitors in the presidential rhetoric session later
Is officially one of my wives now :)
Tell your grandma i said Happy Birthday!((: Hope she had a good onee. (:
you do suck. You should just quit forever. Stop being a homo. It's february. I can't listen to this crying all summer.
Heard #Ashton isn't allowed to tweet by himself anymore. This Iowan is still doing it herself! I even created my web site all by myself!
Blair and Diaw are looking at mariachi coyote like wth?
Maybe we should use ?
1. Stress? 2. Allergies? It's been a CRAZY allergy year.
NFTC tomorrow then after I wanna go see Avengers but need somebody to go with..
omg shut ur face so I can sleep god!
Fantastic! This can be vital to student success! Thanks RT #IAspireTo provide an exceptional education in a loving environment
You are such an inspiration to so many aspiring mua's! I know that you inspired me to chase my dream!!
my ex wanna work it out bitch try yoga
If you have a league or tournament listing you would like posted on The Bowling Frame, send it to staci (at) thebowlingframe.com.
Thank you sir!
Do you read those to be mutually exclusive? Cannot paternalism/peonage be exploitative or corporatist, or enabling of same?
Getting sleepy again
I clicked the link, you fucker
your drawings are epic good sir!!
ima be there for sure! I'm just runnin a lil late to COI doe
Let's just look at this from 30,000 feet....
everytime that I come by myself. Like I said last time I meant to behave because I was with you.
that sounds like Anne Rice writing Victorian literature. Well wait. Just less vampires?
GM tweet peeps...make today your day in every way!
Fuck it, I'm buying an iPhone
Huh. Can't think of anything witty.
Ok so its rly not ben stiller but he can def. be a celeb.look alike!Hes dancin around & advertising sauce!R U a promoter or waiter dude?!hah
One Direction is not a band, it's a boy band....
Why is Piers not on AGT anymore?
Gionta described as "small, scrappy, has a lot of heart." Drink!
Haven't been home in 3 days time to shower and nap :-)
i wish there was as much "it's complicated" as there are episodes of sex and the city.
thanks for the advice . Specialized crepe pan and a french accent
Looking forward to Mad Men, although I think Don made the wrong marriage choice. But that's just the way I roll.
To the world you might just be one person, but to that one person you might mean the world.
I love your team too.
whats wrong my love
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein
Peverley with a goal and a primary assist. Put him with Seguin.
Gators are going for it.
Holy crappy in hungry!
My good man Rashard. Technology is the key to empowerment so I have taken a huge step for all mankind.
probably yeah. (:
making a comeback
We're set to have a full house at the Theme Workshop! Who!
AT&T and T-Mobile seem to be spending money based on the assumption that the purchase by AT&T will be approved. That seems unlikely now.
Assist with implementing/refining standard and/or best QA processes and practices 10%
I need to come on to twitter more often, what do you think?
I hate when I'm trying to sleep & my mind says: "You know what's a great movie? Paranormal activity."
Years na ba? wow! Sure no worries :)
Doing some last minute housework for mother-in-law visit before I head in to work for tonight's show at
Just sent you an email on breaking news...
"And a footholder?! My life is complete!"
“Uh...thank you?? : i dont even know who the f you are but you have pubes on your head”
miss you dudes. Thanks!!!
/knocks it back, returns glass with a debonair wink/ ... /staggers out of bar/
Thanks! Hope you enjoy it. :) RT : Congrats on the final edits of your book! I'm looking forward to my copy :D
#INDEED RT : It's been a sloppy game in this 1st half.
Our first Sunday brunch... hoping everyone enjoys the Farmer's Market today
Some people just don't know when to stop t(-.-t)
What do I look like, the wizard of oz? Need a brain? Need a heart? Go ahead take mine. Take everything I have. -Jacob Black
Yes! RT : Do you ever wonder: Who actually reads your Tweets?
I put the following question to all of my followers! Who is your favorite person from American history and why?
So here's the question: will Sweetwater (aka the taxpayers) have to pick up the legal tab for current and former board members and suptdt?
Sounds awesome. I tried to take a peek but that page won't load for me.
Conferences always cost a pretty penny unless you're a student. It's a shame that $$ is often a barrier to events.
What is something that has good agility but poor flexibility?
Im pretty stuborn
Today at 3:30 I'm on NBC's Dee Armstrong show! That's pretty exciting i think!
ready for action!!!
My balls look like meatbutt bleeding out after a long menstrual cycle. I really like boost mobile. Let's fist our butts with ice cream
Does it matter if I can't clear my mind There's a right and a wrong time.
Missing 11:11 by a minute-.-
Awesome! Have a great time!!
Window seats make me so happy! Best day of flying. :)
Yes-walking through the park at Ave Mont Royal /Parc Mont Royal, MISS it! :)
I read that in a Jim Carrey voice. Sorry I'm weird.
I love hearing what people hate and love. So many interesting things!
I was kidding.
It's okay I guess ahahahahaha
loud as Hell!
random much?
It's Trojan Family Weekend here on campus! A warm, fun welcome from all of us at The SCoop to our extended Trojan Family!
WISHING EVERYONE A VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR HAVE FUN SAFE !!!! 2012
ATTENTION IS THIS THING ON.....LBS? ???
was in my dream last night. But I don't remember what it was
I'm very upset that I can't go to my kickboxing class tonight with LC
Yet again he tweeted freeborn soul
oh. ok. O_o
igloos don't knit.
Who says I can’t get stoned? Plan a trip to Japan alone. Doesn’t matter if I even go.
Something shorted out in my brain and I spent the last 10 minutes thinking my talk was supposed to start at 10:30 and no one showed up.
interesting... sounds like a good concept, but theres the danger of the site getting filled with slander and personal attacks.
Happy #StPatricksDay from the ! Fill up on corn beef, cabbage and boiled potatoes from #FumareMeatsDeli Sláinte!
well i just followed you back... :) thank you
We hit a record high of 88 in Portland. Now, breezy for a bit. Temps cooling & humidity going up!
"What you thinking about that has you smiling like a nut?" Lol ur funny!
i can't help it, it just looks totally STOOPID! Avatar, that is
I'll probably split it up over the 26 years...haha :)
Distance doesn't ruin a relationship, doubts do.
hell yea. I had me a fatt ass wonderball & its melt all over the.car. Mama would say"don waste that shit.everywhere".lol
: you know your the super producer
I play Texas Hold'em like I do your mom.
Wouldn't have guessed Moe's! Good to know - I recommend paleo to my clients, good for you for keeping at it.
Fuck being sick during the summer! Why couldn't this have happened during the school year when I could've put the doctors note to good use?!
Come join the
he's actually a nice guy. I'm not voting for him, but man Mormons are just nice! Rich, oblivious and cult-like....but nice!
Competition and Congeniality Kisses!
Cannot wait till hunger games movie comes out
I'll bring it up in therapy next time ;)
Morning along the coast emerges with each curve that tracks this train past salt marshes, stilled inlets, and egrets + gulls abob the eddies
Great Mardi Gras party tonight! Eggers Band did a great job! Off to bed now!!!
what time is practice today ?
I'm a sucker for franchises that won me over with the first movie and anything with enough action/cars to keep my attention
Rollerskating in a bikini top & velour pants, with wrist guards ... if you got it flaunt it???
Ah I don't know if I could handle that, as much as I love puddles haha.
Thank you for the wonderful Talk Show! ありがとう！！
you're rude.
Do you two think Farfan will step up, now that he's in for four more years?
robots read websites too
out for the day 2day is national white chocolate day doing fondue w/ a chocolate fountain @ th nursing home 2day
Thinking today about competing for attention v. focusing on best work. I know would understand.
hah, id never miss a feaster if it cost $16 (and everyone spoke to me in an argentinean accent)
she is my main influence and I will say that
OMG MY UNCLE JUST MAILED IT A WHOLE BOX OF CHOCOLATE FROM SWEDEN. I THINK I'M GONNA DIE..
now i know im sexy why u ask bc told me i am! now what BITCHES lmao! now thats whats up basomf!!!
Random unicycle at the game?
I think Rocky's might be my new favorite place for lunch in #roc. Holy crap was that sauce good!
I'm here til tomorrow. Heading to House of Blues. Roll through!
RT : Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. - Mark Twain
The dude on the Use To Be track sounds like R. Kelly. Tell me he don't
My Nana is too much!
RT : Having a great time at #GOA2011... Jennifer Smith's Advanced Masking course now and looking forward to the next session
I know. I'll see you this weekend and we'll set a date. U let me know.
Best way to start a Saturday
lmfao!<3 you can use it sometimes if you want... xD
Thanks for the boxing day shout out. Things are good. Hope all is well with you and yours. Send me your address for it card
Honestly don't even have the luxury to dream big anymore.
Jigging and lmbo
we will try and head out that way some time next year! Hopefully we can hang with you dudes when we come.
watching the vow by myself...
Me: "hey mom I'm getting a shower"..."ok and when you're at it do something about your face"...."what's wrong with my face?"...."everything"
..like the name, humbly thank you! -Stronodelarosa
lol literally just peed myself watching that video!!:D #callmemaybe?
super promise I need to see you both!
OMG, totally forgot! I'll get right on it! Missing you too!xoxo
Happy Birthday Herbie Hancock!!! 72 years young!!! :)
Sounds like you're already in DC, copters common!
Beer and Ice cream with mom.
I have the shadiest dreams.
Im not sure what happened, you made me feel like i was worth everything and then today you just seemed like i was just another girl to you.
who has or is getting NHL 12 today?? Def thinking about pickin it up later
Get to perform at this years 13th Annual Gathering of the Juggalos #GOTJ2012 , , , !!
We are in the studio Recording our New album!!! Check out our live tunes at www.mypace.com/silentbobbandofficial♫
I am in dire need of decompression.
RT : in Lincoln Pk learning all about the history of bikes in Chicago.
Lol I was really worried about tonight when everyone bailed, but still had an amazing night with , desi...and sonny xD
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Homework and me.
love the website, what a great idea!
“: All techno music is based on the different beats of Chuck Norris's heart.” expect for my sets, it's my heart's beat
Borgan at the line. Makes them both. Kings up by 8 with 2:27 left.
I'm all excited to see Avengers and Sherlock this weekend -- you know, stuff that it seems like non-Americans got to watch a long time ago.
God has something to show off in your life.
Check me out on the Oprah Winfrey Lifeclass show on Monday, April 2nd, @ 7 PM CST. The show will air again at 10PM CST as well. :)
What's a blog? Which blog site is best for me? How do I create one and maintain it? Learn the answers to this and more of your questions...
yeah its not easy and its only getting worse
I wanna see the world
Will you come again it's hard to say
Everyone needs to go on MTV & are on Punk'd!
#alliclass Goals (cont'd): Identify resistance/ fears of change in theatre industry?
We got them at Woodman's, but most of the big grocery stores have something like it. This is the small size.
I love that the funny Arizona is back!.....
Headshot Tip: Do not use the same backgrounds and lighting styles for different looks...switch it up for variety and intrigue!
When your at the White Horse Tavern be sure you make JACK GO HOME!
Aw, thanks !
If you're not following LaTroy Hawkins, you need to be. RT I will Be giving away 5 autographed Pics when I get to 4500 followers!
Getting ready for Greece...Anyone else studying abroad this semester??
I am sorry. I can’t hear you. I am eating Grape Nuts.
Writing a research paper on how #socialmedia has changed the #PR industry. Now THIS is my kinda school work. ;)
Do you own clothing that's not sports-related?
Have you tried balsamic vinegar + washing up detergent in a jar with stretch film with holes across the top - it works!
RT RT : You did one heck of a job narrating my soon to be released audiobook!
#everytongueconfess so proud of you
love Friday Fun! is it Friday yet?
In my PJs, Blanky and my Wall-e pillow #somewatofasadnight #stillgonnalivemylife :P
FOOD FACTS! Chocolate is lower in caffeine than tea, coffee and coca cola. Time for dessert?
Fun to hear that. I said that to her when we talked yesterday.
John Kitover just paused his nation building efforts for a while, great new CMS systems out there, way better than Wordpress.
Yeah, they sent out an email saying we'll be short-staffed Sunday. Should be quite the scene O.o
i know buddy
Since today is my birthday I'm gonna celebrate it by listening to all day... Wait. I already do that (:
Girl Fight
is baking my traditional holiday lemon squares per my family's request! hm...the house smells lemony!
Join us in 30 RT : #HAchat on Mental Health: talk awareness, stigma, & starting conversations in our communities
I swear of my mom makes me go back to Avon I am moving in with my dad. I don't care if he lives in florida. I'm not going back there.
#HowToPissAFemaleOff after dinner with friends say damn man i wish my bitch could cook like urs
nice. What exhaust ?? He got exhaust last week too. Eisenman
I have an obscene amount of vacation available to me in two months. Two friends are leaving for trips to Italy this week. Where should I go?
Kings take third 3-0 series lead of the playoffs.
congrats to the #Pens and baby Pens on their wins tonight!
Game 7s have to be nerve racking for real
yea she is giving a hint alright... her baby bump is fake lol
A TV buddy of mine uses your product. They're fantastic. I may have to get a pair... ;-)
YUP! Have you ever heard of the before?!
: Ha! It'd make a great 'food trend.' #endangered?
I distrust any company that doesn't list their address on their website.
Call me.
Summer is so much more fun than wintertime, though I love snow.
yeah, it was ugly. Doesn't leave me brimming w confidence for ksu.
We probably ain't suppose to be together but I wonder if our love affair could last forever.
Phil Banks Cares!
To the spider that bit me on the leg while I was sleeping: haha, joke's on you. You are what you eat and I taste like peanut butter & kale!!
Thank you to all the Students who have volunteered @ The Boys & Girls club this Semester. Good Luck on your finals. See ya next semester
Lol Lol Threw It All Im Still Smiling....
Props to for providing thought provoking information at #amasummit all weekend long!
I only eat cheese when its a full moon.
thanks! Great neighborhood to bike.
and also, you know, stop period.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. (Jim Rohn)
I'd rather fail my way to success, than be a successful failure.- Winston Churchill
None of the first 3 should be in danger on American Idol.
I saw Mark Murphy on State Street today. Tried to think of something witty to say. Couldn't. Gave a head nod.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking that created them - Meisel
Reading my essays from last semester. I wrote a paper on the degrassi theme song. Blah blah blah, school.
Follow me? loved the performance. wish it could be every thursday like old times:)
It's the perfect day for the water park! Which is your favorite? Swirly prefers cause he can cool off AND play mini golf!
"He's an acquired taste that no one has developed." -funniest thing I've heard about a non-likable person ever.
Stay warm with a hot cup of imprinted coffee or imprinted hot chocolate in an imprinted mug this winter. Great Holiday Gifts
When people do dumb things and you just wanna say "why you so stupid" like Sam.
Now I drink New Belgium Dig beer.
for real !!! It's making me more hungry than what I am.
Tonight's "Monster Mosh" Show with Spies Like Us is cancelled.
#TEDMED party at library of congress. Most beautiful bldg!
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Bulls vs. Heat Courtside Seats for March 14th at the United Center?
Bummed our sessions r @ same time. :( RT : Looking forward to my, and 's pres today on cheap technology.
I'm thirsty. Pregame warm-up starts now.
Wish there was a way to filter rap out from dubstep on pandora. I don't want to hear about bitches and hoes. I just want to hear womp womp!
Charles my friend - what is Rage Training? How can I give it a try?
HOT & all-inclusive !! > RT : My friends are trying to convince me to do #NYE at the National Harbor. Hot ticket?
Annoyed , my son needs too come out !
My phone stay dead! ):
It's sad that some of you need to berate others to feel better about yourselves. Idiots.
You can now connect your #iheartradio via Facebook! Share your favorite local and custom station with your friends! Download free app today
I love you this morning Holy Spirit!
and on top of that you ain't got a name
those are the worst...and I'm past the whatever stage and moving on to the see ya later stage lol
Applied for another job!
I wish I was dead.
Thank you for your sweet and very helpful RT my friend! Hope you're staying warm up there!!
I knew saying that would get me somewhere in life! :D
the first one!
Beers shown off so far: speedway, Port Pants Optional & Monkey Paw Sweet Georgia Brown.
Wow - it's been so long since last I was on Twitter - sorry folks! Been really busy.
You beat me to it; I was just looking up the Spanish word for "paw."
me & conversations these past few days > #RealBestfriends (:
Working 3-8 tonight/: Not too excited for work blahh!
The image looking clearer i trust no one but the man in the mirror , me -
- buxom, luscious, voluptuous, robust, vibrant, juicy...what better way to describe a wine..i mean a woman.
Speaking on my first panel -#SMCA re: Winning your audience's heart with infographics.
And we are announcing we have 40 pounds of live craw fish! Come and get it!
Get over the fact that i freaking love you
Eating a nature valley bar on the bus and loving the looks i get from random people
Bout to get up n go to class...come back n work on this paper
's NASA themed screensaver stealing the show at
I dont remember getting in the car. But anywase I know im almost home so yay
Dang, you got me on that one! "general practitioners (GPs)" (grrrr)
OMG. You look gorgeous in your DP *_* lol
is there a reiki treatment we can do to your room?
Getting out of bed in the morning is a impossible task
is gearing up to cry for two hours straight in My Sister's Keeper. ;)
Ephesians 4:32 Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.
Forgot I had a free oil change :)
Sorry, I thought it was shade.
thank you sir.
Hello #nurses! Sorry to be MIA around the holidays. We're back now and ready to share all things #nursing. Happy 2012, everyone!
love the pic, it's cropped and is the contact photo for
that stood there and waited for you.
When we reach individuals who have never exercised, we know we're making a difference in fitness... -MindFirstFitness
Up Next: The Ultimate Bruce Sterling Talk. #SXsterling Nothing says it's the end of southby like
Good question! My girl sorta has an arrest warrant in Nevada (long story) so she can't come. And all my vacay is used up this yr.
It's so nice that Denver gets to have a good quarterback again.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. ~ Maureen Dowd
No problem at all! <3 #MahomiesAreTheBest (:
haha its coo
Glad it reached you, and thanks for the RT! *Love*
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 46
I'm at my honors night! I'm sorry I forgot about it. I went there right after work ): ill call you as soon as its over! Promise!
Number 1 regret by those about to die: I wish I’d had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me
#plone folks, using ram cache in p.a.caching on any registry files (read: js/css) causes weird ass shit (tm). Just don't.
I hope none
will keep you posted, have a good day!
this brings a whole new meaning to the phrase "backseat".
as long as the bitches lol
The more #Boston #Startups I talk to the more it seems like 2000 the Internet #BOOM. This time it's about #Sales, and not about Foosball :)
haha, you're pretty good, too my man. I might see you over on your side of the country next week. Keep up the hustle!
All of you were born to Momma, so raise a glass, pucker up and give Momma a big kiss. Happy Mother's Day!
yeah he's rockin the flyer today
First question down!
Board also told 2 charter schools they'll have to make changes or be shut down, asked staff to budget for up to $55 million more in cuts
Welbeck for Park would be my change, play him up top. Drop Rooney into MF. Give Giggs 10-15, then Valencia for him, Nani over to the left.
You know...some folks count "unh, unh" as lyrics
you're beautiful. inside & out. just sayin.
I see you. So I'm planning a visit home !! text me 1-618-204-3011 homeslice
Step one. We gotta boost your followers
Some more
St James also not circulating petition
Scot Copeland: I started a theatre company at 17. Nobody waits for a gatekeeper.
#nowplaying Right Next To You
niggas with no money act like money isn't everything (: ~
Also excellent attendees. I went the first year just for JoCo and Hodgman but still found it exhilarating. Ask !
K well say a prayer for me muffin:)! Enjoy church!:)
I think Leonardo Dicaprio is pretty damn good!
New York boys are so much hotter than LA boys. Just saying.
it's early days for Panopoly (beta release 3, lots of beta modules rolled in), but should get smoother quickly.
NAFEO Congressional Champions Luncheon going on right now on Capitol Hill
volleyball girls >>>>> cheerleaders
I'm trying to like people, it's just so hard to weed through the stupid ones.
Come on down and grab lunch in the parking lot from right now!
wow! None for me (yet...)
i can't wait for the EXPLOSION
I recently switched from chrome to comodo dragon (based on chrome), it's smaller and I have no problems. (this isn't spam)
OMG Ryan Gosling saved me from a burning building, carried me across hot coals, and cured my deadly disease!
“: I'm a little concerned. will not stop singing Lady Gaga. Advice?” Sing along!
Everyone please no hate
No, he's not in town :( He's in LA working on some exciting projects with Jamie Foxx :)
yes #fun lol...
How many places can you get a booze-drink south of Lake Street?
you make a great intro-MC to
power is back on classes will resume as scheduled
aka Michael Game Six
Dripping in gold.
Motto for 2012, invest only in others who are willing to invest in you.
Tomorrow is our "Dress Up" day. No jeans, no casual attire! Dress nice FOR FREE!
If you got my back, I promise I got yours.
What's wrong with your car love?
won a free corn lime cookie on the bagel wheel of fortune
I do 5 sit ups every morning, it may not seem like much but damn I can only hit the snooze button so many times...
It received a :) Hm, I don't like Jack-In-The-Boxes. How's that one?
#twitter will be the single most influential thing in the #2012election. Lets use it wisely?
Slavery was a principal issue leading to the American Civil War
Cant be playin with us like that, almost had me searchin for your movies!!! Na im just playin. Whats good with ya today?
A friend of mine owns the place, and has invited me and guests to dine, drink and check the place out in 'action.' This will be interesting.
It'd be badass to live in Beverly Hills someday.
Hmm santa cruz? i think yes make money? Oh Yess super awesome go pro skateboarding montage?HELLZ YEAH!!!
It's alright, we'll likely have video posted so you it'll ALMOST be like you were there
yes, it is. And, thanks for your support of our brand!
no way!! Freaking LA.
do you have a mobile friendly wish frog coming soon?
guess your team didn't win the cup either
To the lady at the grocery store with 6 kids by 4 different dads and the grocery cart full of food. Your welcome! From the
Many homeless woman are mothers-If you pass a homeless woman tomorrow, if you feel like it-give her a smile, a meal, or a silent good wish
Blows my mind how I lost weight on the day I purposely ate wreck less on some White Castle. I've got super gas too. 😏
Follow back please? 
PS please tell my GF that my obsession with horror films is hereditary and not a result of a problematic childhood thanks uncle j.
Wen u blush because of her wen u smile because of her you'll leave everthing just for her I look at myself and feel like I'm not worth it
TSA defends pat-down of 4-year-old at Kan. airport - BusinessWeek
or all 3 at the same time ^_^
Is it sad that I've seen certain movies so much that I can tell when the editing is speed up a little bit to meet tv time adjustments
is something wrong with playing lax?? :)
Can't wait! When's pub date? THE BOOK OF LOST FRAGRANCES among Top Ten Mysteries & Thrillers in Spring '12 season!
P.S. Lakers suck.
The Nova on Mt. St. Helens was not as entertaining as I... Wait, never mind.
used cars websites
Wow. MSFT buys Nook. Didn't see that coming.
im ready for big fun at Pink Elephant tonight!
Busy day: volunteering, on-boarding a new client, preparing a survey for launch, and working on market scan & market sizing reports - whew!
That would make sense then. We should chip in for a communal oxygen tank.
Will be proudly wearing my blue around Bowling Green tomorrow.
Thanks to Intercare Solutions for volunteering today!
I'm happy for you. It's a great feeling.
What's the date?
I say I'm a hero, all they see is my ego.
happy birthday Madison! Hope all your wishes come true! You deserve it :) love you! <3
hey do you know when the boys are coming to Virginia or DC?
words cannot explain how much i love rap music man
Monrae, thank you for the follow! I look forward to chatting with you as well. Have a wonderful evening!
You too hear a blizzard is heading towards Baltimore
feet hurt , headache , and he's not texting me ... great night ...
I tweeted u too Bre
thanks babe!!
Bout to smoke this blunt. Bitches love blunts.
#BieberOnTheVoice Justin is so Cute <3 I liked when he said SWAGG.!! <3
you rock. You should try screenwriting.
glad it didn't shake for too long... you never know once it starts if it is the *big one*!
Jamar is my pick
I think somebody should have cut off "The Voice" about four weeks ago and still would have had a much better show than it is right now.
I am on the phone with Tyshika ...
he is really laid back. The whole family is. His dad is the best. Tommy is a little shy till he knows u.
The original movies
Nah for real tho my mom has been through soo much and she always puts everyone but herself first 👏👏👏 #wishicouldspendtodaywithher 👎
#SocStart panel is trending in DC! Keep it up @
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Massage Heights Moms. Take the time to focus on you and be good to yourself. Live. Life. Better.™
We're starting to plan our next Young Preservationist Happy Hour. Any suggestions of bars or neighborhoods to visit?
ok let me know
Uhh, hello? Why did you not find me and say hi?? BTW I'm going to Ironwood Cafe in Southern Pines. Saw your #yelp review.
Oooohhh.... Bruce is in town. that explains all the trans am's on 76
Congrats Mayor Barrett....now on to June 5 to recall this bum of a governor in Wisco!
“: It's #DraftDay” is that kinda like payday?
Ah. Makes sense. I don't think I would like TX either.
Watching "swingers" - omg vince Vaughn is SEXY
sweat pants hair tied chilling with no make up on>>>>>>
ok tell me when you're done.
Even though #WVU is having a rough year.....still a
Wake and bake music
When you show love, show 1 Corinthians 13:7 kind of love. You'll be doing everything for someone else's benefit, not just yours.
I should have seen it coming. The moment I 1st logged on to Twitter, it told me that Whitney Houston was dead. I should have quit right then
These chips are made by who!!!!?...
I'll be there in a few hours - see you
that keeps happening to me when everyone has been drinking... I can pretend it never happened
thank you for coming out boo!!! <3
You're so gay
Linsanity is not a fluke! Aw yeah
I wanna meet Lady Gaga :(
Time to sign off and head to work after being out sick for two days. No doubt this will be a busy day.
im workingg out finally
problem solved
I've worked 24 hours the past two days. Slept twelve.
I bet those grandchildren were happy to see it go
No, just here shooting a movie.
In #SouthCarolina #text JIFFY4 & JIFFY5 to 90210 to join their #Mobile #VIP Club for alerts with #specials & #discounts from Jiffy Lube!
Wht to do
“ When I finally do get some, everybody gonna know bc imma move with”oh man one lucky guy I see
Stop working on Mothers Day woman!!!!
i miss you too! And wasnt I naked?! Lmao
If two people with a dispute aren't allowed to duel, why are two countries allowed to go to war?
You're the rockin' one, hot stuff! THANK YOU!!!!
lets be honest is there really a race anymore
"john is working for the campaign" ...not so subtle bragging emails from prospective students parents that just turn cryptic
thank you!
I have a few more words to describe compassionate caring dignified humble and so sweet
i mail it to u. Cuz i dont know when i can drop it off to crzy busy.
And remember this, if you ever think you're too small to be effective ' you've never been in bed with a mosquito. ~ Anita Roddick
Get Kansas to beat Kentucky - please! I'll owe you for life and I'll even support your way off-base music tweets.
Is the site new or old? Any new link building activity?
Zelazowa is rocking it up touche!
yo im watching
1 More client to train then it's time for my workout! Gotta hit it extra hard for the next couple weeks getting ready for a photoshoot!
United just changed the departure time, And bout 30 people on this plane got the update call on their phone at the same time
Congrats to the for advancing to the next round of the #StanleyCup playoffs. Great seven game series.
yes, but say something nice with it
little bit of everything guys
James Brennan never had an intercourse, until Emily.. cute.. from Adventureland
My life is average. ;) love that site!
IMO, that's what makes it so very Euro. Can't wait for the gelato!!!
Fb need to make a so the fuck what button
From moving vehicles no less! RT These people in #TheWalkingDead are obscenely good shots. Couldnt shoot like this in Goldeneye.
FARMERS MARKET
Taking care of Business! ;) 2012 bring it I am Ready!
Yes! Casino Royale is on!
writing cleanses my soul....
BUT IM PERFECTLY GOOD AT IT
48 months of INTEREST FREE financing. @ MK now. Come check out Tempurpedic and I-Comfort. Take a nap with us.
Not all who are lost, wander.
i love you. i'll explain what i meant by that tomorrow :)
oh yeah Pau wit his soft self ahaha
home vs potomac
it's OK. the more I think about it, I was disappointed in Perry, not the band. the band sounded great.
RT : Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
ooh haha can u sent that vid to me?
Do you think Joe Block has been well received so far? I think he's great but haven't heard other opinions.
Do we really know how good/bad his route running is from tape? Isn't "needs to work on his routes" an easy,catch-all critique?
hold my heart- sara bareilles
A navy cashmere scarf would be a suitable piece to start changing the look of my Sherlock, but this is Texas and not London.
Another item on #CV council agenda: increasing 389-unit Olympic Pointe condo project by 38 units and 1.2 acres.
Your an inspirational athlete! Keep your spirits high and rest up!
Yay, going for a bike ride (:
watching Laid To Rest.
Free-flow writing is good for any spirit
Riding out to MjB, She always teaching a life lesson! # So u think u know how to love a woman!!
RT Every class is a life-changer, so if you miss, you may miss the most transformative moment of your life. That is all.
Have the worst flu ever!!
<3 love you to
guess I need 2 get around 4 bed have 2 get my TB shot 2moro so I can start working/volunteering very excited 4 this new venture
Here's wishing you all a very happy and fruitful #2012!
Such a hottie. Marry me already.
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
Pretty genius show from "information refiner"
I just discovered this. Specs is collecting corks to be recycled, proceeds are donated to charity for cancer research -www.specsonline.com
It's Election Day, DC! We need you to get out today to cast your ballot for Vince Gray for Mayor! For One City!
Will do! Thx also for encouraging me to submit a talk, it went great.
wow - thats amazing - and you got a 100 RT's!
My iPhone just shut itself down, rearranged the app icons, and turned the keyboard sound on. Maybe I should stop hacking this thing.
I love their beautiful products, but getting ahold of their purchasing department is nearly: Mission Impossible!
Real time Twitter sentiment analysis demo for Election 2012 at #T3. Heavy on the CS.
Backyardigans & cuddling with baby sister <3 I love this show
I know there is talent there...I guess it is just going to take time to gel with the front line
Ready to go to the stu wit my homie !
Even if U have a lived one who'll be behind bars on Thanksgiving, you STILL have something to be grateful 4.
i agree, one of my favs
#JNCOFridays y'all.
Who r all those guys? Oh they're the Oscar winners. Ladies, we have some work to do this year!
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
... well damn @ your avi
i hope u still got the long hair and youtube Gutta J Nino Brown
What would you do if you were told you were dying?
every time i try to fix my room i get distracted...
*closet i ment
dont open it i got hacked
I got two fans blowin on me whusssup its hot & I like it!
Nighty night loves
The car was invented as a convenient place to sit out traffic jams. EVAN ESAR
I want pretty star fish earings so I can feel like a real mermaid :) like Aquamarine. ☺
If you live in Miami area and want to be in video at KOD and Beach holla at my dude ASAP SERIOUS INQUIRES ONLY!
For some odd reason, KFC sounds really good right now... Darn you strategically placed ad!
I think that is Baylor in our on deck circle !!!!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Well guess its bout that time to start this studying
Nice to tweet you!
P.S. worst #idol ever is still season 9. Crystal Bowersox was all that was worth watching and America screwed that up, too.
Minutes feel like hours in this fuckin class 😲🔫
the replacement of one man could make it perfect!
Except for Bynum. trust me, I know the game. Bynum did not show up defensively. Gasol and Metta were the best. ESP Gasol
#TPedge, we promise to never censor posts about other sites ()even though they delete posts about TPE. We believe in our product
love the Avi Bro! Two of my Most favorite People in the Whole world. My brother & Sister! Love you guys with all my Heart!👍😊
Maybe i needed this
a nice reminder. I like the part "I inverted the 5 regrets, yielding a list of 5 commands"
haha you text back hey and I say what's up and you never txt back lol
“: UFC fans - let's get your votes - which fighter has the best Twitter account? (Fighters, feel free to jump in here...)”
You could just become a Brewers fan... I mean, you have lived here for three years now...
we are in 3rd ward
Big Snow Big Thaw CD release show SATURDAY night at Club Cafe. Show starts at 10pm and we're so excited! 3/31 21+
damn i forgot that we had a party at the park 2morrow damn but shit fucking with mi folks on the southside 4 mothers day den !last year boi!
Top 5 growth regions for job opportunities identified by search firms: 1 South/Southeast 2 Southwest 3 Northeast 4 West Coast 5 Mid Atlantic
Mailman just dropped off "Finest Hour"...No food or drink in the lecture please
I haven't quite finished reading the book yet, but I can say without a doubt that I've had a visit from the Goon Squad myself.
Doubt it. Hahaa
Oh yeah. Then race registration fees would increase too. Bad idea.
the MIT group is HARDCORE (or crazy). Just finished 7 miles outside with the group.
Im a ride to die.. I told them I toe tag plastic bag bitches.
It finally happened: I got the Fiat for my rental car.
I hate when you do this. Contain yourself.
Celtics with an Adam Yauch homage by playing "Girls" during a timeout. Enough of the crowd gets it.
Justify the case for an app over a mobile-optimized site, "mobile app generally obsolete"
What would everyone think of a "Signs of the Zodiac" series as well as the "Love in any Language" series? Tweet us your feedback!
I survived my first hurricane!!!
Dr.Jackson, you seriously made my heart smile this morning! Dreaded quiz turned open book group work...100!
woahh who is that?!..hes hot!!.
Managed to create a temporary com channel through Twitter and Drupal #thankgodforthecloud #laflood Start tweeting your locations
I like that hat!
see you guys saturday night.
I'm sleepy!
what? No invite?
Time to get out of this rut, todays beautiful.
working on a tutorial - how the text search feature works in Presio
Leave me alone. Let's go back to sleep, before I 👧💣 Kim.
Can anyone play defense today?!???
God damn real talk u ass bitch hands down OMG lmao
Whirl Winds come back. Kings up 15 to 12 with 6 left in 1st.
one word texts don't get replies.
We keep heading east. And it keeps getting hotter. Up to the low 80's and rising.
I don't wanna do anything the rest of the day
Watts/Ladd knew Ray Candy wasn't answer. Watts knew McGuirk wouldn't agree. Soon MSW was born and JYD crowned!
i need my co-owner to be on more because i wont be on much
Wholeheartedly agree. It just doesn't come close to how wonderful Adele originally sings them.
ask your question in pictures and everybody gets it no matter what language they speak #12NTC dan roam
Love Marky Mark
Headed to Midtown for burger night? We've got some great Horney Toad and great burgers!
I hate Duke!
you're coming to texas?! Are you coming to dallas at all? I want to see you.
I'm bored I want to trend something hm, maybe? Alex is Sexy! :D
did u get my tweets about my Movie 2 STAR
SKETCHING OUT THE NEW COMIC/ANIMATION FOR BELOW THE BRIM... coming soon
“The sun shines not on us, but in us.”
is the grocery store open at 8am?
Made it to DuPont, WA. Going to find a place to sleep - maybe in the woods for tonight - maybe tomorrow too.
We sat on the last GOP album all this time for a reason.
Thanks for invite. Unfortunately, there was this bottle of Jack Daniels. maybe will feel like walking again by Monday
Getting ADT before I fix up my house now I can feel much safer with my kids at night
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.-- James Dean
I miss Betty...
One of our straps is another way of saying "my axe has class"www.Guitstripsguitarstraps.com
I've emailed a few Radio DJ's a clean version of the New King Louie Single Val Venus being pushed by Lawless Inc./Epic
licked them all ' iits yur call , drama free b-tches ' blow da haters kisses , ahyee .
At the Tribeca Film Festival, enjoying a panel discussion with director Jenny Deller, surrounding her film "Future Weather"
British people are seriously just adorable.
I'm suppose to be leavin for work in 4 minutes & I still gotta take a shower...ugh!! I need start payin attention to time
#prweb event and is challenging us to remember that how consumers buy has changed. They gather info from vast online sources
Decided to forgo Dark Knight for a facial, pedicure, and pilates session. The guys didn't understand.
If you need a weapon to defend yourself your weak .
Love love my hubby, kids, parents and siblings! Great family
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho wants to tell you the entire family history to sound smart
don't think about it just help them that's all they need
Happy Birthday
I think it's we get a tax break for using public transit? :shrugs shoulders: I did a small amount this rotation. Hopefully it works.
Awesome, Good Luck! Hoping the weather is good!
Prayers to the staff, players & family of Joe Paterno. They all need them.
Flo Rida has the hottest girls in his music videos
can i see the lyrics to it i found instrumental on youtube
": Trying to make something happen that's just bound to not work."
he was my only Grandpa though. :)
put a swim Cap on lls
It was Ad Reinhardt.
Im not sleepy at all
Maxim holmes you still in the A? RT : sup bruh
Ayyyyyyeeeee......I WORK TO HARD TO B BALLIN ON A BUDGET......IJS
Not a real one.
Long time no update
These niggas claim loyalty, but they ain't living it, check the scoreboard u gon see a nigga killing it
Wanna put me in a great mood and follow me (; hahha
#NationalHonestyDay Let me kick it off by saying that this is a really stupid holiday.
Help us. Help you.
2nite Im fixing Buffalo Wings, Deviled Eggs, Garlic Mash Potatoes, and Bake Beans, Deliciousness Cometh!!!!
come back to #Chicago!! ^_^
Anytime my man! And thank you as always for your participation. Excellent job on your tracks! You almost took it!
After coding with immutable objects for the past months, today I worked on old-style C++. It is hard to go back to mutable objects!
WOW!! SEXY as HELL and SMART!! U r the whole package !!
Can't wait! We'll be sitting with my friend and Manny Chao of Georgetown Brewery! :)
You have a ping pong table right? Next weekend it's on.
#Brookline has hired Luke Day as the new boys basketball coach
Aw love birds (:
yes :D I'm a belieber, you too? Haha
yeah it sounds like fun just with friends haha:)!
true let me know whatsup
False alarm you haven't followed me yet had a mini #HEARTATTACK 4 nothin O.O
People who exercise recover more quickly from the stress by growing neurons in their brains that are less responsive to stress
Huh. Who would have though that "Marco Manifesto" would return 10 pages of google results.
Ladies & gentlemen: i'm in the studio! Pray 4 Creative Grace
Aww, thanks honey. I love you. :)
That's the 2nd football I've seen floating down the flooded Schuylkill in the last 10 minutes
I'll NEVER go on vaca with them again.
We are almost there with our site relaunch. Very excited!
Also no idea what Boxing day shopping is like but if it's Canada it's sure to be a cakewalk. "Excuse me, eh?"
thus speaks fairness, observation, proportionality, justice
Need to study but left my binder in my locker.. Oh well!
Don't you dare go anywhere. You give ,soul.
i always cross the line, but i'm up for a good challenge is it's a game of who first
Today has been a tough one but some how I kept a smile and I truly believe this will all work out.
wow, is the dirtbag RT: : You look like a dirtbag.Shave and cut your hair.Show some respect for the game
Save the Date: JWP back at M&S Grill for our holiday show 12/10 - Reston, VA!
Check out our Locust Productions Presents: Blackbird videos on the Locust Productions Facebook Page. Support local theatre!!
#MorningGetaway! Listening to on my Google Cloud right now! Awesome music!
Very impressed with Just made the current consulting gig a lot easier.
Cataloger, P.I.
Hell Yes. RT : Why, yes. I am creating an excel spreadsheet of the events I want to hit up during
I should ride topside on the water taxi more often, I like feeling the waves. It also is rather good at lulling me to sleep...
Lol!!!:, did you see is on Twitter? Remember when you used to stare at him in the DC at #UNLV? Haha! :)
hell no i'm going to heaven my future is bright
it's a hard practice..my Buddhism book really encourages it though
Practicing "Cry Me a River" and "Spooky" to sing in a club tomorrow night. Love comparing all the U-tube versions on the web for ideas. La!
haha that's much worse :P
Yes i know you see racism everywhere at some point. It's something that can't be totally demolished. :(
thanks lady bug!! How'd you like the storm y'all are having??
You have to multi - task. JK
it was an absolute pleasure to finally meet you & have join the fun at last night. I'm still stuffed.
did i just see what i thought i saw?!
when u put it like tht, it seems so far away :(
am i wut?
vegas im home :)
happy birthday :)
lmao! sorry ive been out :S
I know. She was acting like a total a-hole yesterday. ._____.
: Thanks Michael...we need another "communities" discuss, eh? #lrnchat < Yes!
S/O tonight judging at Teen Icon down here at Municipal!!!
The finest, most delicious street art around. I want to eat ... I mean, meet this guy!
2012 I'm ready for you
TEMA'S FALL SAVINGS EVENT is in full swing. Visit our showroom to browse all the great deals. Select items on sale with up to 50% Off.
I think they are having a after party at the Relapse tonight around 12:30.
No you don’t know what it’s like When nothing feels alright You don’t know what it’s like to be like me-Welcome To My Life, Simple Plan
Dear Alva OK, we were on our way to rock out with you and something came up... A deer in Memphis smashed our ride! Maybe another time?
My weight loss has stalled. Actually gained a few this past week, back up to 210. Need something to kick it back into gear.
yes...I have training next week so I'm busy writing new power point presentations and tests....how are you?
I want to be an astronaut.
Flagstaff Business News welcomes new marketing partners Realty City, Al White For Mayor, Flag Ranch Golf Course & Hilton Harris Real Estate
Max has been downgraded to a yellow... (I should have went into crisis couseling)
No we utilize 3 on a daily basis. We do not want to overwhelm our followers & friends with the same message. Diversity is needed!
We dont have any tours lined up but when we do we would like to hit NY RT : do you guys tour? Like NY area?
Dear Mom: Someday I'll make you proud of something… but not in terms of school
@ The Barber shop with my boys #Fresh Cut
Thank you back! :)
You turned out to be the best thing I never hadd . Sucks too be you right now , your sadd your hurtt boo hoo , did you expect me too hurt ?
are you goin to 's screening jawn tomorrow eve?? also, gonna be driving out from LA, can def give ride if you need!
Can someone get back on DEFENSE????
Here's the thing I don't understand about "Inception:" when did Leo get so GORGEOUS?!?!???
...I wanna be a modern dancer.
Yay! You finally got it back!<3:D
That's very impressive!
#Minnesota Loving the Mall Of America <3
“: Bitter leaders rarely recruit better leaders. Like recruits like. Cheer up! Change starts with you.Choose #DynamicRecruitment”
Srry don't think I can go but I am still goin to watch u plz try to make your way to Rochester new York plz follow
good!!! Enjoying this rainy then sunny then rainy again day..
that moment when I think ESB means Empire Strikes Back.....like Star Wars.... every time.
Going to bed...night everybody
I think we have 6 right now. Shoot me a text after class. Maybe meet you before.
should have said, "Looking forward to seeing pics!". Sorry...slow learner. :)
I've sicced the grandparents on it. Might get "The Rescuers" for myself.
Need me for wat lesbian lolRT : ": I want some cereal real bad Lol goodmornin 😁😁" i need u ..
Man, the #gwj IRC channel is really great. Good times all around tonight.
Let's take out kony
Exciting Innovations That Will Change Computing in 2012
how so!
follow me back for my birthday lol
why you mad tho?
Calling all #youngprofessionals in #MKE, join us at for drinks, Irish music and #networking!
depart depart Friday leave Sunday. I have a wedding saturday in cbus so I won't get in till Saturday night
RT Wonder why I'm feeling #Vertigo? #Hitchcock (@ Mission Dolores Park w/ 14 others)
Reverb is rockin FACEBOOK for musicians lol ! I coined that reverb ,THANKS EVERYONE HAVE A ROCKIN DAY ! AND BE SAFE GOD BLESS
what grade are you in?
Getting in my daily dose of #DISTURBED with Pain Redefined!!! Memories don't lie ...
tonight at the Beacon. Ready for the funny.
S/O to my good friend Kile Brooks who once had 20 rebounds in a game for the Augusta Panthers!! Follow him please so he will stop 😢!!!!
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!!!!
Question at event for teachers: How do you balance current events with the obligation to teach the standard curriculum?
Thank you to all my friends family and everyone else who stopped by last night supporting my new band the shadow shape!
New Costume Warrior Prince Costume
It seemed like everything i wanted got stolen right out of my hands in one day. Today -sigh-
Life is good.
it just seems like my high school is a better fit than any other.
you have a sweetheart?
Thanks for the time article..Interesting conversation. ♥
Looking for a contract web analyst with Atlas experience for a quick project next week. Is that you? @ me?
up early or going to bed late?
Whoops, expressing opinions here that are better left to my personal Twitterizing here:
how does this interact w/ 'public' schools?
trying different hair styles for prom😁👍
no im dirty dan!
all i want is gagagagagagaga!!!!!!! :/
and #bowerypresents are making my night!
TONIGHT! Open Mic - Flowers Of Fire - Poetry for your Mommas!
washed, hulled and sliced about 22 lbs of strawberries in 45 minutes...
Hey, thanks for the follow!
The first few internet marketing deals are going to be great! We'll be announcing a launch date soon.
wax that 4000 pound ass!
I'm trending. I think I scored a goal in Argentina or something like that.
Saw #TheDebt today starring Helen Mirren and Tom Wilkinson.
Honesty? When you promise a customer something, you go through hell do deliver it, no matter the cost. Wisdom? "Never promise a damn thing."
Have you heard David Crowder's song: The Glory of it All? I mean *really* heard? Such life, hope, and healing in the words.
haha no its probably gunna be great but what songs were you thinking about?(:
;* (Blows Kiss) down my TL.
SYNC IT UP! Wait. give me like 3 weeks, k?
making closets sexy. Hard to do
If I click on the email link that I receive as being a member of your site, I don't expect to have to enter my login info every time.
On CSPAN...woman is talking about need for more thoughtful dialogue. In the background singing and protest chants. Seems fitting.
i wanna wish my twitter peeps and happy and safe new yrs eve.
4yo nephew was doing backflips on a bungee/trampoline on his own. And laughing. Future
Monster turn-out for #BostonHusky game watch If you're not here right now, get here! covering the game watch.
I'm thinking next time I'll just pay extra for a nicer hotel in a nicer part of town. The sooner I fall asleep, the sooner I can leave.
Looking forward to it! Can't wait to see the savings and the recipes!
"Hey wanna go to my ex girlfriends graduation party, its a pool party" in my head "LOL NO THANKS" in reality "um whatever you want baby"-__-
#NoDisrespect :How do you get people to reply? Does it always have to be #OutOfTheBox or can you just be Straight Foward
Thanks Amanda! Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway! Happy #mothersday !
It is quite apparent that the 'Washington entity' is not in control but that God is!
Woke up late.. Oops
It's time for Environmental Companies to save you time and money.Our new StepWise Program is made to handle all Environmental Due Diligence
congrats on finishing thesis, sister!!! cc
always been a dream mine
Today's BTU inspiration: "Your children will become what you are; so be what you want them to be." ~David Bly
Jeez Louise #tbj could u possibly ignore my hawks anymore?
God morning #litaforum attendees! Grab that cuppa and let's get conferencing for our last day.
I will be
that good, huh?
Well I think.
Tami is a bully & Ghetto...She is relevant b/c of Evelyn.
MONDAY LATE NIGHT SNACK (AVAILABLE AFTER 10PM) RHUBARB-BQ SANDWICHES served with coleslaw
everyone is seeing the avengers today omg
Photo: Alabama sports its new national championship rings
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane?? @ Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THANKS!
Photos look sweet.
Its annoying when people act so immature -____-
Have a wonderful show
I just got startled of something it sounded like a ringtone to a phone I went downstairs it stopped and it wasn't anyone phone
Its a good morning i got up motivated
Hi Kandi! Just coming by to show you some love and tell you thank you.
Had an awesome weekend Went 2 Forks and Corks @ Ringling; a local food and wine festival. David said it was the 2nd best day of his life
May the fourth be you.
Last day of classes for #SEN1OR2 tomorrow!!
Song of the day: time of your life
Nobody's perfect, I'm nobody, there for I'm perfect(;
Charlene is NOT THE BOSS...I run the spot with an iron fist!!! (she is also not on twitter, can you tell???)
Hahahah I forgot about your serious fear of lightening. My badd
agreed! User submitted content or suggestions often yield the most interesting stories!
I need drama in my life to keep making money.
Dear - That was pretty much hands down the best review of SD! we've ever received... (con't)
in #AlexanderWang bondage. F**k ya gon' do?
thanks!! just a few items to get you started... Lot's more from spring assortment to come!!
okay now im tottaly bored !!!!!!!!!
Women R my equal & I support your rights as if they are mine. Limbaugh is a big mouth disrespectful, hateful coward! Men Respect ur women.
#ACRL2011 looking forward to listening to Clinton Kelly.
Some people take this class way too seriously
Be entered to win a free nights stay at the SpringHill Suites! Don't forget to RETWEET our tweet!! Good Luch!
So My Mum Called & Said Our Family Could Be Moving Back To London Again. I Wish Our Family Could Just Fucking Park It Somewhere, God Damn.
Sometimes we have to lose what we thought we wanted to find what we never imagined we could have.
Trying to figure out when to leave for the game. Are we gonna have BP tonight or not because of the weather?
I just wanna get to know a few. Not everybody. Mo ppl mo problems
Best Marvel Movie ever!
I need entertained
Kobe Bring it back!!!
British asparagus &amp; oak-roast salmon tart: Stephen Jackson's recipe - Huddersfield Examiner
Scarborough: Newt Uses The Politics Of 'Resentment'. Nixon on steroids.
Texting probably doesn't help your survival skills any.
Lil B= Realest Rapper Alive
re: scale -- i think it's nice when positivity scales. we can reapply models for profit to models for social benefit.
Sitting at track...not running
Entrepreneurship = People People People x 4
Too true, I'm cleaning out my desk drawers this week: RT A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer. (Bumpersticker)
Authentic, honest ways of being, create the energy of truth within us.
im thinking you would make a pretty dandy boyfriend.
Very true. The industry is propagating the misuse of that label through it's own inadequacies of quality participants.
who would you have rather taken in the 2nd round? Give me Valenti's expert pick.
ill be praying for you :)
I say negative things about poverty. Poverty is colorblind. It drives all races to crime.
what did I do today tho?? lol
not being a hater but 2days big news is lost opportunity , TMG again nba picks u not u pick them
Trying to party FREE in DC Sat | Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
#UnsignedBandOfTheDay Follow these cool cats & check out their music on Facebook! <3
“: Shout out to dem girls with them cheetah print tattoos! !!!” :)
#Nashville, moved here 9 months ago to birth a big loud sweaty show at tomorrow night at 9pm. Be there to celebrate!!
Same failing Twitter search results from "home."
I heard the clubs are empty tonight!!!! Thanks alot wal-mart....lol
Drunks go acoustic Tour Day 2: Driving to Bakersfield, playing Riley's Tavern tonight. #drunksgoacoustic new tour sponsor
Susan... that thang wasn't worth a dollar! You would have to go over a piece of dust 2 or 3 times to get it suck it up!!!!!
I just might. I'll let you know what days I'll be there once I finalize everything.
That one special person who can make you smile everytime, no matter how you're feeling.
Kinda wishin' today was a damn RED day.
The idea of ever having to witness Windows on an iPad makes me want to poke my eyes out with a stylus.
lol look it up. Y'all known for being humanitarians and passionate about things they love. Gemini duality leads to great debate.
Ayo im tellin you when i see poor people or homeless people struggling i cant do nothin but feel sorry for them
I don't like having to tell people my astrological sign. There's just something so depressing about saying, "Hi, I'm a Cancer."
I really should go to sleep... *sigh* but I'd rather just lay here and pet my kitty. :)
Just met !! BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!
I was telling people last night "I was there when was creating juke juke.
On the kitchen.. remember them days shid o was in there the udda day
"No guilt in life, no fear in death, This is the power of Christ in me; From life’s first cry to final breath, Jesus commands my destiny."
What would be the difference if she werent in the picture?
meditating/in a burning room
I'd do ANYTHING to meet Austin. I need to meet him. But I have to be patient I guess. :P
Super excited for my best friend date with after class 😄 he always makes my day better!
can I get a R/T? Save John Dewey High School! Going back to the roots :)
Omg Gamel couldnt just hit Braun in? Come on
I wish! I'm in San Diego but would love to next time I'm in NYC!
better...still sore...thanks for asking
wont happen <Mrs. macaylen. >
Awe thats good have fun ask questions and it could be better :/
Couldnt sleep at all last night. Now im sleepy..
The realest nikka u know
This Sunday is the Gobble Gobble Music Festival at the Yost Theater! 307 N. Spurgeon st. Santa Ana starts at 5PM Red Carpet event!
Super Moon outside my bedroom window...yeah
Today VO class!
Hanging with the Atlanta housewives?
- true, legacy costs are a bear for USPS. Don't see viable business model as mail volumes plummet. Only opportunities missed.
Finally caught the "jackin' it" in San Diego South Park episode. I prefer "whale's vagina" as far as pop culture references to my town go.
im actually kind of sad that this is my last day of adpr 3600... :/
I want somebody to just give me some good advice.
wish you could see all of the free wine I have this weekend. Josh gave it to me. Quit work and drink sum!
If you hear the song "Yoo Hoo" on Sunday and you look over and only see hair and sunglasses. That's me.
How do spiritual principles work? Very well, thank you very much -Jerry
RT : Patience:: ur time is comin! Dreams come a couple of sizes too big so we can grow into em
Bootleg is on..... Ryan Stroble is behind the decks and the crowd is awesome! Hands down the best tunes in the city tonight.
The contest ends May 30th so u have time to share it with your friends, on fb, and on twitter. it wouldnt hurt to share it multiple times ;)
ah just seeing this. Text next time-I'm more reliable. Have an awesome day!
Following back , match after school!
Also wondering if the magic wants to induce might find a partner in the art which helps when thinking is hard.
InDaisy - many books are available - and uses international standards
What are the skin lesions related to HIV infection? | Information ...
#thatcamp #thatcampgames Time to make the sessions...
More than 86% CPA firms have yet to inegrate a #CRM program into their organization. cc'
My DM inbox is so thirsty right now. LMAO 😜💦☔🏊
Making strides forward everyday #lifestooshort to was time
Hi Beatpunk *waves back*
The tiny twitter default pic makes girls look way hotter than they are
RT : "Wow, were you dropped as a baby?" "Ya I was... into a pool of sexy!"
Brianna Eans is behind me right now thinking she stuck in her seat lmao
The greatest joy in life is doing what others say you cannot do.
With Nicole(: Shes great(:
sorry this is so late, but thank you guys :)
re: #axl he is such a dick. But what u say is true!
Hugs to your gran from Minnesota!
On the other hand there is absolutely nothing to do in this town
#20factsaboutme 17) I desperately want to be good enough, but I always do something wrong
The real leader has no need to lead--
Grammy Awards.
oh yea who?!
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Louis:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
No one should have to justify their dreams.
I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<34
Very cool. Thanks for letting us know. How's the conf?
i want a friend like sheldon cooper.
It's yours if you want it. $80 priceline rate, avail tomorrow-Monday b/c am going to Des Moines those days. Don't ask. :-)
I heard of a city, called heaven, I'm trying to make it, make heaven, my home
what is voxer?
:(((( Talk To Your Bubbbbbbyyy
RT : To unite the #Jewish people and protect #israel is our duty! -Amb Oren
Take a look at the sessions you like & click "Yes! I might attend." They're using it to assign rooms this year...
"Wilbur Niewald: the Studio Portrait" opens at 5 p.m. Jan. 13 at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art. Niewald taught painting at KCAI.
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11pm, New accusations of wrong doing against an SDPD sergeant charged in a ticket fixing scandal.
Was someone just yelling boo?
When broken hearts rise to say love is a lie, we will stand to be loves reply <3
2Chainz so awkward and lanky tho 
crying :( ": Hello Tennessee. I've missed you."
it's creepy!
Setting DVR for 's new #sportsbiz show premiering tonight on
OH: "Man, I've never been the same since Mama made me wring that chicken's neck."
so when Kobe gets the ball is the crowd yelling boo or flu
Photowalk in Austin, Texas Next Week. Info on my wall below. Join us.
cool story bro dont tell it again.
Pulled an 18 hour drive from louisiana to colorado springs yesterday! Ain't touring grand!??
beautiful weekend ahead for nyc..... check out and and enjoy their outdoor dining areas!
finally got my #birchbox, made my day!
Thank you!!! I'm so glad that it brightens your day just a little. :)
Up and at em! Bright and early!
I love myself and it feel so good! Ain no other love like it 😊
If You Not Playin This Mortal Kombat.....Kill Yaself....
New episodes soon. In the meantime, check out this funny outtake. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Thank you Geronimo Pratt, we won't forget you!
These flamin' hot lays>>>>>>>
Can't decide between dessert & drinks? We've got the best of both worlds from in the #momsFF Style Suite!
Sierra. Thinking of you. To God with all my heart! Please be safe. Please make it home..... ^v^
Mikey like "Fu€< these clowns"
Merry, Merry Christmas everyone ... if you don't celebrate, Happy Holidays!
Which makes them a bad team in comparison to EnVyUs. Not having strats is their own fault and downfall.No one else.
Every time I eat a banana, I think of and his "seductive" banana eating. ;)
Brittney spears sings r soo great but I hate how most of them r auto tuned
How is everyone<3
but i love my weirdo <3 hahhah dont worry im one too lol. how you been?
What one person may want to change about you- someone else may see a treasure in.
It was good!
Read your blog post today too, I hope today finds you blessed and your struggle rewarded with victory! God bless you!
