Epic positive resolution for the latest baby possum: She's in great hands at Coast & Canyon Wildlife in Malibu
Title party next weekend.
Ah--I realize now you are referring to the CBT Mind Traveler cards, not the dragon cards. Yes: older adolescents, younger too
LOL Obama couldn't close an umbrella let alone the olympics. In 8 mos he has turned the US presidency into a joke lost respect of the world
that twibbon been on there for a while since i did road show for o&a back in 90s
omg i cant think of it haha
Hey Vermont! I arrive in 10 days!
Great idea!
I have too much pride to say this to you, but no matter how mean you are or how mad you are at me I will never hate you. Ever.
Great point.
At the chicken now in the mall boutta smack
very pretty prom dress:) #muchlove:)
go buy me a charger and ship it to me
Just woke up to no power.. uh oh
me too.... Wait, when am I seeing you?
thank you!!! It's the 2 glasses of wine I've had!!! :-D
#tsdday wow. cleans up the broken FSA system. Love it.
Il fait beau!
Home alone. The roomies went out on a date
Also, Justin Bieber sucked ass tonight. Not good live, at all.
people get upset because they hate of bikes. Why don't ppl get upset at speeders, red light runners & cars that roll thru stops
RT : No matter where you intend to go, there is always a first step to be taken. Take that first step now.
So I botched the ending, but there's no way I'm running up those stairs again.
It's freezing in this office today!! Why is the AC on so high it's not even that hot outside!! -_- lol
I predict that a very long nap will be happening around 3 tomorrow afternoon.
Not feeling this
the official one is #isa3 it's flashing on the screen during breaks :)
give bikram yoga a try. its a tough/hot :90 class but the girls r hotter, ull be wearing 34" pants & u can eat what u want
he had some pretty nasty games at the start of the 2009-10 season. insane mix of size/bulk/athleticism/mobility
Except goats. RT : Never invest in anything that eats or needs repairing
Nice TN road trip! LOL! Bottles UP! Its been an emotional week!
Tonight's The Signal on 88.1 @ 7 includes cartoonist Kal Kallaugher's Stoop story about his ups & downs with the late Mr. Schaefer.
I know I should shower, but in this heat it feels like a waste of time.
Probably a good habit though to keep people from snatching stuff.
I know!! I was thinking the same thing.
Aw, what's wrong with a little elementary school carnage? lol. As long as no pictures or graphic additions.
why waste a day in that lol
Lol, yup. If I didn't know that, I would've been kicked out of WV.
21 Jump Street: Hilarious.
So my mom just sold her car on the first day we put it on craigslist,she's planing to buy a new one so that she can put her big bass speaker
are you following/tweeting the hashtag #BroadwayStarWars? It is quite possibly my favorite hashtag ever.
Wow, nice tweet :))
What will the NY media do to #Tebow? shares firsthand what it's like, with today 2-4pET!
Man I hate it when she do that shit
A2Z Inc. will be at the SoCal Linux Expo on Saturday (02-26-11) Hilton. We will be there during the day and co-sponsoring the evening …
that's a hardware store, but they're on the "level" ; )
Seeking advice from people who hav done business with state government and know thier IT systems
Here's to you, guy that takes the last cup of coffee and doesn't start another pot.
Must get used to my scales.
Why isn't Stockard Channing on Twitter? Fuck this place.
Too close to get 666 followers. All hail Satan.
I'm glad you did. You know I care!
"Oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh" -- Alicia Keys
Hey, follow me so I can DM you. I need a writer who's funny as *^@
4500 on FAcebook and 3000 now following on Twitter. 9 months time.
Sure :D
Great shot!
maybe it is
Caption Morgan take me away..lol hehehe...drink up bitches...
Great! I have three press releases that I need him to write by Monday.
Wishing a very happy birthday to our friend and MK sous chef !
Computers losing sudden power can be sudden disaster. Battery backups/UPS can save you. Equipment is cheap, downtime isn't.
The new Mission Impossible movie was awesome. See it in IMAX if you can for the best experience.
Big plans is what I plan to make
They're going to get wise to that EVENTUALLY.
I would ask Seattle to either split the difference in salaries or throw in decent prospect/MLB player.
Jennifer Lopez is crazy. Love her!
Happy Birthday !
#OnlyYouCan make me laugh like nobody else, which is why we're together, because we get each other
im sorry that i didnt understand what u go thru. i have only faced that type of ignorance from my mom and siblings. u r loved.
I'm getting a lecture on love.
I'm not the same girl...that's all the proof I need.
How 'bout the SF Commune loc just stay secret? I'd rather be limited to #imagining folk getting food & shelter than film them get arrested.
"Only through experience of trails, tests, and struggles can the soul be strengthened"
eh.. i wont be starting up tonight... im going to bed so im not tired at school.. goodnight!
speaking of rasis I think i saw ugly ass Robbie at my job today
oh that dream better not come true!
of course! See you at booth 340 for my free app? :-)
hahah quite possibly one of the best and hilarious days on set ever
Mad Dog Saloon Tonight !!!! 8pm
2 shows in 1 night! Loved seeing you on Glee tonight!! 
Do you write music reviews for a blog or publication? We'd love to hear from you and give you free stuff!
They made them lip sync :(
Thank you panelists Marney Cox, , Alan Gin, Lynn Reaser & Dan Seiver & moderator for the ED&S roundtable today
That awkward moment when its December 5th and its 70 degress
TGIF Reshapers-Plan for success this weekend! How are you keeping healthy?
2-Way mentioned a dj asked him to perform in Stubenville
thanks for the info about kits. Great to have #nffc safe finally.
all dis talkn2me tell dem get her ready
me and kevin went to jons.
11408's Beef with Common. The Right didn't want him at WH Poetry Night; now they have more ammunition: he like calling women B's.
Beliebers Hunger For Jerry we own da whole world.These trends call for colde purple
TV Show I've been watching: season 4 of that old Alfred Hitchcock Presents.
#levilowrey is getting close! use your superstar powers to get people helping out sharing the #levilowrey love!! #sonialeigh!
Are you making an appearance somewhere?
The current fiscal crisis is a crisis of healthcare costs.
Thank you for being my 1st follower (:
Beta Contest: Which #Alganon Deity is "The Seeder of Life"? Answer Tork via a MyAlganon.com message. First 25 correct answers get into beta.
Put you in the middle of my spotlight <3 <3
Workplace Partnership for Life major support from #hospitals. Thanks & all Partners #WPFL #organdonation1.usa.gov/uuwlV7
I think social media could probably tell you interesting things about hardcore partisans' feelings
Don't worry son, keep your head up. Daddy still loves you.
there's no place I rather die than on a baseball field.
good one
Ann Coulter is a freaky bitch.
I know I heard
Watching replays of first half -- love my boys but wish they'd work as hard at scoring as they do at working for a foul.
The a team<3
bitter ka ba?
Thanks Paul. Yeah my rule of thumb no drinking while waiting in Line
nm(: being lazy as usual haha
How many pictures have I taken of myself tonight?
Thanks for the follow ! Mwah!
inserts at plant today. inching towards tirra lirra release date
Haha! The snacks were obviously the best part! “: haha hey at least we got free snackies!”
We provide superior products & services to our clients by exceeding their expectations! You’ll find all you need in Dynamic Heating &Cooling
Did something go wrong with that Mick Jagger bit?
“Not Much More That You Can Say That Would Embarrass Me…Oh Yea…Forget About That One…”
Always! Be there in 5 RT : I think it's #wine time! Don't you agree ?
“It's kind of fun to do the impossible.” (Walt Disney)
Thanks for the tweet! And don't forget the importance of innovation, too.
hoverbikes, the way of the future..
Como me quiero ir a la mierda!
Seeing Bye Bye Birdie at washburn tonight! :D
Peyton's asked me if I wanted to come, so I decided that I wanted to be the third-wheel.
RT : Someone just told me "you can't have your cake and eat it too"...really? why not?>A sign of a life lived fully. :)
That was hilarious--but for a girl it's spelled Frances.
Up Up and Away. I've been high for so many days.
“: You learn something every day, and yesterday I learned that "Don't condemn things you haven't read" is a controversial position.”
got the never say never fan cut. yey. this is so swagger. love to use the word swagger.
we knew you'd say that! :)
what's up?
Aww! I love this tweet! Made my day, little one
At work today. I actually love working Saturdays - I get to wear jeans and no meetings!
wow lol my avatar is look nerd and weird do you ? =)) lol , but thanks . but i love ur avatar so cute one <3
So there was this guy that was helping out at work today, *lifts heavy box* *grunts* "It's like liftin' mama!". Sir, that's mean, apologize.
I GOTTA CRUSH ON YOU(:
I understand finance and it's role in the region and I will work for a complete repeal of
right after we fail this micro final.
What's up with the super close up of Lieberman's droopy the dog face?
I'm not sure. I think Proust.
Love in the time of Allergies
there is no other explanation.
Any business offering the best Indy deals? we are featuring FREE deals postings for a limited time!... Email us!
Busy week ahead!
is so good! I'm glad he won!
Lisa Gill thanks her influences--Demetria Martinez and Maisha Baton
It's a Beethoven badminton meeting. Intense match and brainstorm on Beethoven fest 2012!
No problem! If you haven't already, check out one of the artists that I manage, ! Thanks!
Here's to wishful thinking!
why didn't you come to track?
i miss you
RT : Correction: I'll be on The Current on CBC Radio at 8:30 (not 8). Either way, it's an early morning start for me!
Hadn't seen this yet. Thanks for passing it along. The typo in the title isn't so encouraging, though....
hahahaha good luck!
Home Furnishings for mom, Free shipping on almost everything!
If you don't look at the past you repeat the past. So I'm going to take you back to the 1800's, say Dr. Nunez.
To me, success in #writing is reaching the people who think like you and making them that less lonely
U got that swag
I am debating if I should apply for the Master in Fine Arts in Documentary Filmmaking program at the
finally packed.. Alaska here we come! :)
“: Love to all the mothers!”
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
To stop covering the suicides, which has led many to believe the death toll is higher." "Nearly all of those who killed themselves had
Yea, I suppose he was (before his novels) a kind of non-fiction DB, but focused much earlier. The Sign and the Seal is about his...
I'll be there too! Any chance I can get a ride?
George Washington. Final answer.
anything is possible
justin was in the studio & he drew penises and wrote "jerry" everywhere. omfg, my idol.
Going to tape my first audition to submit to Yay!
obviously now it based on marketing, but style=date has been a beer thing for a while. Styles due to date& some for tthe date
Such a comforting error message. Love it.
pshhhh heck Yeah!
I'm not from The S.W.A.T.S. but I know how to get there! Can I do Christmas on Cascade? :-)
My dog uses her own ass as a pillow.
is wearing blue jeans, a black polyester shirt and gray & black nike shoxs.
that's what separates golf from other sports. Thanks for upholding the best tradition of the game!
I wonder which genius @ Cottonelle didnt think about all the doo dooey hands that wud b touching the toilet paper container to get @ the TP!
Power is back on! Thanks
RT If you think the guy next to me at the gym wearing flip-flops is a complete fucking tool.
sounds delicious!
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. William Feather
Then you can see my embarrassing math error! =)
Rite i didnt even get out in town yet RT : that shit look crazy yo
I love waking up to music
Have the new office setup and have been slammed with meetings while trying to get the office arranged. Love being busy!
we are with you my man!
HS baseball playoffs, Game 2: Moody 3, Victoria East 1 (top 3rd). Moody's Ricky Gonzalez delivers a two-run single.
#np what makes you beautiful by one direction ❤❤❤
Yea i quit cold turkey and feel so much better - more stamina RT i take it you don't smoke anymore?
With the kids at Pats Peak. Skiing is slow but the sun is great
yeaa check me out! and preciate that chief
#10thingsaboutmyself 4. I'm in love with paranormal things. Ghosts & things are so cool. :]
it's good to see a tied game after that first half!
Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you can only spend it once -Lillian Dickson Always make it count! <333
no doubt!
And again... forgotten/ditchedd! Cool.... #angrytweets Sorry guys lol
If this is the last season, I'll cry during every new episode I watch...
If everyone started the day listening to , everybody would feel as good as I do right now. The heart and brain are pumping!
explain it to me
Hey, thanks! I don't want to start any rumors, but I'm told that it's also loving you. It's a beautiful thing.
haha me too! Taking drivers ed next year!
thanks for the retweet !
“A book burrows into your life in a very profound way because the experience of reading is not passive.” - Erica Jong
Thanks man appreciate it!
I really, really, really needed to hear that. Horrible day at school today. Thank you mamasita!
Who's going to show tonight?
i really wanna watch edward scissorhands right now...you down, ?
Don't forget to keep requesting "Old School"!
I don't know twitter. I got nothin.
I can pretty much relate most things in my life to either a Simpsons or Sex and the City episode.
word! I hope to see you there then. ✌
And we're off and running on a Tuesday.
My eye is so red and it burns .. !
Check out my Mom tweeting!! Awesome! 🌹🌺 RT Good Morning to you, Missy!
Baylor looking good.
Craig F. Walker, Denver Post photographer, wins Pulitzer for images of veteran ... - Denver Post
Are you addicted to golf video games? :)
Pep Rally today...soda chugging and "Chubby Bunny" contests were quite entertaining to say the least.
Roufusport Legion-Wherever you are tonight we salute you! Thank you for making Roufusport Versus.com's "Top MMA Gym in America."
please do! I would love to be at this set!
“: What time you think you will be open in Irvington tonight?” Hopefully by 5 at the latest, we'll be dodging raindrops tonight.
all the lakers fans talkin about somethin else amongst each other too lmao "man this weather <<<<"
Its a beautiful day out! What are your Friday plans?
Sat at intersection for 15min, parked in the last spot available, trekked across the lot, 9:41, denied chapel entry. Classy, APU.
This game started 6+ hours ago
aw! Thank you for saying that! That makes me happy!! :D
Thank you so much for the RT!
hha when i realized i just let out a big " okk F**K and ran! Lol :O
i hate waking up late lol
reading THE GREAT CALL OF CHINA by Cynthea Liu -- new middle grade/ya novel about adopted Chinese American girl coming of age.
I have to lead a hike tomorrow, and on a damaged foot from the last hike! LOL... the life I lead... Yours sound relaxing!
Got my heartbroken in the worst way /: its not like you care tho .
hip hop but i dont mind goin out the box with r&b and pop whats up???
#sslive knowledge workers can be segmented: expertise (complexity of work) and level of interdependence are two dimensions
Toms? Get yourself some Tims! #1. is the man. #2. It's #sickestbrandever! Get yourself a pair. I know I am.
I never set the radio alarm, I brought my own little travel clock! Consider yourself GHOSTPUNK'D!
It comes down tomorrow due to scheduled events in the AG. I'll see if it will find another home. Sad to see it go!!
Randomly waking up at 5 in the morning. -.-
Hey Indy Fans! Thank you for YOUR active participation and feedback! Tune in tonight and listen to Dr. Joseph Schuldenrein answer your ques
#Huguely defense moves into new testimony, including from his family and friends.
Thank you for the RTs :)
Fly safe! I'll be waiting at the airport for you! xoxo
wtf? I read a week a couple days ago and it said 2 Chainz signed wit Kanye
awe good! I'm so excited, what time should we get there on both days would you say?
I know, right?
When my friend sees someone ugly to me that person is cute but this time I agree mindless behavior no no no
that tat sesh n Manteca or Tracy
My Native American follower ratio is really low. What's going on here?
Sorry...we haven't been on Lately..have been being Mindless To the Mx with follow this chick..#Mindless2TheMax we GN Stay Mindless
Im gunna make my own mixtape soon.Its about to be a BANGER!
of course it was, the 2 Macbooks that Erica has had have NEVER had a problem!
This guy ALMOST won a million dollars on who wants be a millionaire! BUT HE DIDNT
Great day for a 90 minute yoga class The class was difficult but the feeling of rejuvenation was worth it:)
my BF on the phone to "If there is a nuclear Holocaust and you are the only store open, I will still not buy from you"
RT Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. Knute Rockne
We had a dream of a time with our first reading. HUGE thanks to the folks and everyone who came for making it perfect.
It's ridiculous how much professional athletes are getting paid these days.
is at ActionCOACH North American conference in Las Vegas, with 500 hundred other coaches!
power of the people!
Gonna schedule for my first semester of college this week!
hell yeah!!
About to post my best Ronny Turiaf impression. Stay thirsty my friends.
miss ya Gina! You were always inspirational on and off the stage! Keep the motivational videos coming! Xoxo
haha love you too! #missyoumeanit let's go back to the couch days at #c2c :)
So my mom just asked the EPC asshole if there were any bullies at the new school I'll be going to soon. IDIOTS
she who denies.....fucking hates puppies in reality.
Thinks life is a series of decisions between Lawrence of Arabia on the big screen and Blast of Silence on the small screen with friends...
Happy bike to work day to you! What kind of folder do you have??
We'll be processing applications for the next few days for #THATCamp Bay Area...
why won't you tweet me
yes and dampers to your ducts to push more air to downstairs.
H, did you want my Ladytron tix? Paid $34, you can have it for $20. Have to go to FL last minute.
We are open Fri. til 8pm and Sat 11-8 also. Stop by and see us when you can. We are here for you. Cheers
S/o to cus his ringtone
hell yeah I'm pumped! What do you want to do for it?
Y am I still up
Hey sports The streaming "watch live" for the US Canoe Olympic Team trials is not working.
Hey young world!
Catering ordered, name tags purchased, only 3 days until the #bmorehistoric unconference. Check our blog for the latest session proposals!
On Oct 16 you should come to our super cool grand opening. Tkts include booze & food & tons of entertainment! t.co/7U5TsYvi
I hope kristin got some lol
I sweat just as much starting fitness at 350lbs as I do now.
Charlie Brown strikes again...
good morning tweeps! Hope you had a great weekend!
this is getting ridiculous. Im gonna win
PALE OR just light skinned
My BFF graduated with her MBA today and nothing would make her happier than you congratulating her !!
Heyy! You're the best i love ya!
Ladies on soap operas were always so easily tricked by fake pills planted by enemies. They look nothing alike!
Tell it! RT : If u've ever used free medical clinic or school breakfast program u can thank the Black Panther Party.
The Heat are taking it to the Knicks, 54-31 at half.
Your link in your most recent tweet.
Looking forward to tonight's concert at 8pm in Paul Hall. We can't believe it's already the last concert of the semester!
should follow me back :)) Lol
Next show: Wed the 7th, Central Market - Westgate - Austin, TX. 6:30-9pm. Oliver Steck on trumpet & keys and Josh Hoag on upright bass!
Same here. I'm literally applying for anything that will pay me.
They think I'm strong and I don't mind. They just don't know how many times I've fallen to pieces.
I don't see why not, double check with Rj though
I hope you feel better <33
#mudmelt edd barrows ecology class attended Joan's talk. Edd shared the document he created for them.
I'm gonna stop there before I leave lol
Based for real respect the bitch
I don't know but he was an incredible lover in "Python" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
what's cooking?
I like david krejci a lot and now I want to really like 40 minutes of tim thomas...a lot.
Dude. This can still happen.
thank you for MT Daniel
Did you know there was an Ice Castles remake last year? Me neither.
can I get some love and get a retweet!
Who else is thrilled that Bob Seger is finally coming to iTunes? The world has been "Hollywood Nights"-free for entirely too long.
A man needs to be treated like a king all the time
"This is how we do it... Its Friday night and I feel alright.... The party's here on the Westside!!!!"
Come to the D Note at 6 for our Auction for Action!!!
Nice road win for the CARDS over #5 UConn
A: ...Many in developing world trying to wrestle back their publishing rights. #Western publishers have been exploitative for years
Cesar Ritz of L'Hotel Ritz managed D'Oyly Carte's Savoy Hotel, home of Gilbert and Sullivan. Noel Coward's #SEMI-MONDE Feb 6th
A bird just flew away with my lip balm. Seriously. That just happened. Fortunately, the bag containing it was retrieved.
I treat others the way they treat me... So if u think I'm an asshole... Imagine what I think of u
Thanks for following, Eric tell your friends about us.
Sweet! That's awesome. :)
Erased my facebook for now.. I gotta cool out already enoughs enough
With 200 TEDActivators visiting TED in Long Beach today. Care to follow details? #carriewilliar on Twitter.
Thanks for the follow. Love the title!
Thanks for the great reporting. Really liked how your writing was understated and you let him tell his own story.
Ltrain down. Soundtrack as running for bus. "I want to kill everybody in the world."
I use Chrome also but no Google Toolbar for that either. Go figure. Plz don't tell me I have to use IE.
Yeah, but that is about the best one hit ever.
definitely a bit disorganized. Ill miss it though. My homebrew club, TRUB, has poured there last few years.
Deadline is FRIDAY to answer 6 questions for your chance at $1,000! What are you waiting for? #prstudchat #HAPPO www.wahimedia.com
is a #buffoon. also a
I must be doing something right if I have ONE #dumbass hater.
"harry my parents arent gonna be home tonight , can i stay at your house ?"
Go subscribe on KEEK to win a date with please go
Can anyone explain what Peterson brings to #SKC coming on for Convey when he did? Vermes' subs still confuse me most times.
Waiting on my babe!
“: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.”
Who is your favorite local band/artist?
I remember when I had a Crush on Reyna in middle school lol
#np 'New Born' Muse (really LOUD!)
Free picks all day tomorrow! Breaking out of this slump!
It's official. Everything's been done... and blogged about.
Universe Humongous Big.
What's the good word, brother?
lol for me it depends on why type of day it is. Sometimes it makes me happy.... I'm a very weird person.
looking for someone to shoot video this Friday of a fashion shoot &a little teaser of another cool event. Must be UMiami student. tweet @ me
Love that stinging feeling after using mouth wash ! So clean.
It's pathetic that you worry so much about what a guy in Wisconsin tweets.
< good company!
REMINDER! COME VOTE FOR 215 ! This saturday night at The BBC we are competing for a summerfest slot.we need all your votes to win.9:30 -1am
Thanks for ur offer. Want to see some samples?
At a Mets game. Citifield is great...maybe better known as Taxpayer Field, but I digress...
HS fans have missed you. U and the best combo around.
You know you're in trouble when JJ Hardy takes you big fly twice in 3 innings.
that's typically true yeah. Although Tiny Furniture was kind of a pilot ;)
: no, but I enjoyed it immensely!
The #Magic are getting a little taste of what life without Dwight Howard will be like. 55-76, Indiana. AT Orlando.
its what i live for shawty so already!!
Tom Petty.... nice! RT You know the hardest part? Waiting.
Georgia fans everyWHERE!
"No crying at the Palm, Runkle" God I love this show.
Heard you ran into one of my students, Jamie Bigaj. He's great kid, let know what you need him to do at
Stay tuned, review of Patti DeRosa's live album "Packing My Bags" coming tomorrow!
😳....I forgot how to drive in Detroit! I'm lost!!! Lmaooo whaat is this!!!!
Just wanted to say, thanks to everyone who is enduring our growing pains! :)
I have a feeling that groups like 's #BlazeVOX + will do more for poetry in the next twenty years than the NEA.
not wearing a JACKET!
silly bands are made a used condoms! im tired now so goodnight! havent been on twitter is ages.
Corn and tomatoes from today's West Allis Farmers' Market. M...
Bad friends prevent you from having good friends. - Gabonese Proverb
ohh okay well my friends and I were the ones singing in the front ha :)
Facebook is so annoying to me now its so vanilla.....boring blah
Nicky let's be honest we don't do our homework when she gives us time! too bad you're not in our class Sammy!
When I play GTA it's funny u need to wach it
Questo is the bee's knees, don't forget to wish him a DOPE birthday yo!
It's basically impossible to wear a coat over a dress that has bulbous nodules. Damn you winter!
you guys are awesome thanks so much!
Love my mommy :) glad she's safe and sound in Florida. Thank you for all of her angels this week!
Austin definatally like you (;
two more days of school, and I'm officially out of Middle School for good!
love the new crib.
Busy and tired...but excited at the same time! Just finished selecting the colors for our boutique...Just Fabulous!!!
thx for the follow :) check out my donation page & RT if you'd like. Have a great day!
All this time I had 145 dollars in my wallet... Incredible.
#WhoNoHit?!? Suck it Jays!
Drove a 3 mile stretch of road in Howard County this a.m. and saw only 2 driveways w/o recycling bins out - kind of awesome
you are already done???
Yeah, I got a DM from you, which pointed me to a Twitter-phishing site. Kinda scary. (But no damage done.)
SLEEP, then later practice with
I just want to sleep
Ozzie Smith and Bruce Sutter
just watched one of the most disgusting things ive seen in my life on the bus. juan and his woman...yuck
oh my goodness. How straight forward of you <33. But the feelings mutual
Gaahh, Please help me get rid of my headache. :( x
It is with great humility and appreciation that I announce to you today of my intent to not run in the 2010 election for the Florida House.
is very beautify
Already back home on a Saturday night. Am I getting old or what?
Presenting my power point tomorrow. In.front.of.the.whole.class!
Have you hydrated enough today? I'm about to refill my water bottle, go get yours!
Some people just don't open up then say you or I. Don't know why that is, but it happens with some.
WANT A FREE SHOUTOUT? JUST FOLLOW !
Conservatives say teaching sex education in the public schools will promote promiscuity. With our education system?
i miss the video diaries -.-
I told him! :D
Now streaming if only on facebook!!!!
At iNACOL.. Virtual school symposium
Get ready for the new Double Up Thursdays - starts 2/2!
is the first time she ever tried to replace me. she doesnt just ask someone just like me if they can be friends D: idk
Great pitching Dickey!
and You guys were awesome on with !!
StaffingMarketplace.com is The Ultimate Resource and Directory for the Staffing and PEO Industries. Get listed today to start getting leads
I want a guinea pig so badly. Idk why but I'm getting one ASAP.
Am I the only one hearing a twangy violin sound going off during the live portions of the #Oscars?
Good morning. Still not famous. All good.
Thanks Jen! We appreciate the support! RT : Looking forward to it!!
A lot of men & women would rather stay single because they're tired of giving their everything and ending up with nothing.
hey nxt time you come over we can make more videos I have a channel now (youtube)
I love that is using an old picture of Newt Gingrich as his profile picture!! Uncanny.
#SeniorConfessionHour I really wish I didn't have to college to be successful in life
Tough loss for Gators, great season and run to Elite 8.
I need more #littlemonsters to follow me on #Instagram... Follow me on instagram at StevenZambito! 😊
a birthday for the books ! xo
At Flight Club Recording Studio wit "Mr. Hard on dem tracks" wit me when I say DUDE UP NEXT!
oh really?
Com' on bitch, you see where brad at!!!
At home in the bed missing my angel
sure.... Ofcourse he's w/ u.
You poor thing! R U weak? Feel faint? To me eating is a skill and I am still trying to perfect it! MOL!!! ;o)
Good news
Exactly! Without a good map/diagram, easy to get lost. With one, easy to learn!
Learn to admit your mistakes before someone exaggerates the story.
Tryin to give my babies a life i never had. Hard sometimes
When i harshly judge myself, I will choose to see through eyes of love. My own negative self-talk is the only thing standing in my way.
thanks for the re-tweet. I thought that was such a great article from RealityCheck & something I had not heard a lot about
Wasn't bashing Fox News at all!
If you're going to spend $175 printing the flyers I recommend that extra $75+ to get something designed worth printing.
Wow! RT : The movie "John Carter" is currently the biggest box office flop in film history, with a net loss of $166,566,620.00.
isn't that what people said about the music industry when Spotify was being created?
re child abuse. I'd like to know the answer. plz don't let me start. i hate what i know.
Congrats to ! Be sure to like us on Facebook for more chances to win!
please follow me!(: I will be your bestfriend! Jk but please follow me... Your my biggest inspiration.have fun and stay safe(:
@ i was :( but last minute changes look on ernest page i explained to him
Today was a doozy.
didn't forget about you
it will be interesting to see if the applications developed for the iPad influence applications for the MSSurface
Omg my little brother just asked my mom if it was ok for him to use the wipes even though they have alcohol in them HAHAH
oh nice DM ur number.. we'll do that.
WIN Thurs lookn nice w/ spinnin host & did her thing & d bday diva & w/
omg Bri Bri I didn't know I followed you on twitter!!!!!
Pixie will always be my true love. She is the best cuddler lol.
Rt I haven't been able to decide between UT and A&M, so whoever wins this game, I'll accept their admissions offer!
yes they will lol
Are you out shopping looking for deals?
is vegetarian week this week?!:D im a vegetarian!
now that's how you do a twitter bio!
They call me racist cuz i support black Americans first
christmas is the best!!!!!!!
You can take everything i have; you could break everything i am like im made of glass
Section 432 with my old man. Should be a fun night!
I miss my boyfriend...
well its time for bed so good night boys and girls :)
: Record-breaking attendance of 165,307 to watch I'll Have Another
When im up at 5am, im not so nice to early babe :/
I don't get it, but I like it.
Another crazy month on a crazy planet - volcanoes, oil spills, Greek debt, trillion buck Euro bailout, hung parliament.
lady at church yesterday had leopard print dress. There were also lots of fur jackets. <3 people watching
I worked 7 hrs straight on my memory book today. It looks so good! Its a good thing I love crafts otherwise I would have said screw it.
Discruntled orangutans. It's too cold. Themes in cognitive research show fish can make tools. I wonder what they make?
Wow. 2nd day in a row they go to commercial when the #Bengals are on the clock.
Haha he's hot.. that's what's going on lol
Puttin out fires today
YES YOU DID! “: Made ya look.” And laugh, probably more than I should admit!
damn im already home I can bring it to yu in tha morning
Watching some titan football movie in geometry
Me and fought in the locker room today.
Word. Tried Magic Hat at the Crawfish fest last weekend. Hot Wings festival Saturday!
My hubs says the worst day of his life will be when I find out I'm too pretty for him lol he's too sweet.
What up Sunday morning!
he's not advocating, not trying to introduce a bill or anything, just stated his opinion so . . .
i know! It's seriously about to be the most amazing weekend ever.
Gtown and AdMo too, I noticed!
what are you doing tonight ?
#boo #trick or treat!
BTW, having trouble with #menundressed hashtag. Not showing other results. Am I doing it right, ha!
This big motherfucker been snorin all period im finna knock him
BAH how did I miss this?! And how are pearls hipster?
“: Final score Fort Wayne 6 Missouri 4”
Girl, yeah! That's what happens when ur born in Miami. He sounded heartbroken just now. Lol
So sorry to hear about the bird! I will raise a glass to his memory. Here's to an amazing pet!!!
Yesterday's 12-7 W over the Reds was the #Rockies 12th game scoring in double-digits, tying them w/the #Phils for NL lead.
idk this weird thing
Dont trust people easily, not everyone approaches u sincerely
looking great. make sure you send me the dates and I will take you around to see all the stuff that's new :)
"...you stole my heart with just one look"
You better..
If you hear of any, let me know. My cats all have that skill and could use the paycheck.
Remember we are YOUR "connexion"
Hey , welcome to twitter!
My sister (who deserves it) graduated college, got a Job and a $1000 a month apartment. I comfortably pay $176 a month w free groceries.
Not teaching thursday
Don't give someone all of your time if they're only gonna give you half of theirs.
I sure can
Hmm. Skills competitions might be a good replacement for the #ProBowl. Certainly it can't be worse. I might watch.
for iPhone better than Pulse News? I think so.
says the person who hijacked my whole box lol
BHWA! CRT : I'm as classy as they come! :)
Just drove all the way to church... Forgot it was sunrise service... Parking lot is EMPTY!!!
is cooking dinner!...yes Raye, it's low carb...lol...
Uzi Arad: all these public proclamations give you insight. "Israel can always defend itself by itself." Obama. Imp principle.
I need to find some creative ways to market vacant land.
well yeah, he's been getting away w/ it for years, glad for once they called him out on it
Eli to Barden for a 1st down.
New projects well underway.
So the Republicans have a Congressional hearing on women’s health issues and all the committee members and witnesses are men!
“: Preparing for tomorrows photo & video shoot with folks!!! #BBV #Photography #Photoshoot #video”
Flight crews must just love you:-)
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Sweet Tamarind Chutney 4.31 / 5 Stars | 13 Reviews by STEELTOWN "This is an East Indian sweet tamarind chutney."
please tell me you'll be paying Seattle a visit this Memorial Day weekend?
Young Fly fenna shut dis show wit future down tonight!!!!
RT I love u too :p but swear! That's not mayo that's crack cuz those are addicting
Conspiracy of Paper by Absorbing, fascinating.
A no-brainer..they watch #FoxSo-Called news.
Box office is now open!! call now to claim your tixs to see 916-925-5500 for tix
We have and it works great.
oh yeah dude, my ticket was like $74! A little pricey theree.
I'LL HAVE VIP PASSES READY THIS WEEK FOR , PURGATORY **AFTERHOURS** HIT ME UP !!!
grrr, it's not combining them!
lol I haven't decided on signs yet...were down in like 110 tho so I'm sure it'll be fantastic whatever it is
Bible says run the race that is set before YOU. Stay in your lane. Don't worry about judging others.
Why does Central Park have dead spots? Its in the middle of FUCKING MANHATTAN.
hey steve I'd love to help out if I can. Btw your blog is on point. We should meet up if you're in SF.
Keep ur circle small cause once the label comes callin.. everyone gon want something.. even the ones that just kik it and don't do any work!
Yes, please!!
It sounds like my neighbors are cooking in my walls.
About to embark on Easter roadtrip to Outer Banks North Carolina but work not finished, car not packed and not enough sleep! It'll be fun!
I thought it was the middle of what becomes the Hitch - Prometheus - Hancock trilogy.
Never complain.. Never explain..
Time for Sutton's 1st birthday party!!!
BREAKING NEWS : AL GORE invented the INTER-METH !!! Been using it, too...
Text PROOF to 41242 to see the power of #mobile coupons
loves me so much!
Got a phone call from my mom saying we are getting a new dog :) Hella random though
Spider House patio: beer, outdoor fans, rockenroll jukebox. Not bad at 96°F.
Let the #freeagency chaos ... BEGIN!
I have such a beautiful life and feel so thankful to be living it.
can you guess my answer? Do you wonder why I say that all.the.time?
Forget About Me
appreciate the RT! Hope you enjoyed the article!
sounds like something dane would make ;)
Bday shot out to my fav cousin ! Happy Bday bro!
Can't even be mad at anyone but myself.
Let's do it!
Wacthing ni**gas promote video after video with no album is hella funny. I remember when a artist would barely get 3 videos per album......
As soon as I'm done eating Carl's Jr, I look in the fridge for more food.
decided to unfollow someone famous. he dissed Rush. very uncool...
Everyone is tweeting pictures of themselves with no makeup on to I would too but I think id scare him away. O.o
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
FGS, students! When have you read an article that failed to give the last name of someone quoted?
Parra in trouble. 2 on and nobody out.
"and then when you walk back you'll be like I can see clearly now the rain is gone."
Lmao let me be happy to have my iPhone hater
Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/salutewinebar
I feel fuckin great today 😜 I hope you all do too
who? Lemme guess...Amanda?
Rich Rod to Miami?
So tired #C2E2 has worn me out
#TeamKris or #TeamBrian? Pick your side www.FreeSweat.com
check out the reverb www.reverbnation.com/mikeepresha & follow me ........history!!!
- next door to JJ sits F.Weins- Prum..great wines. Then not too far away is Monchhof - Robert Eymael.Tell him i sent you.
cause she's a gangsta and possibly one of the funniest women I have had the pleasure to train with.
"ICONiac&Grander since 4.14.11" so you were an ICONiac and GRANDer before they even came up with the name.
yes ma'am!!
yeah! Why aren't you going?
“Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.” ~Frank Sinatra
Aww, thanks Mado! RT : You rock. That is all.
My fav baseball team despite 9 runs down came back to beat a rival, and my fav bball team came back from down 18 to beat NBA's best team.
Did you hear about the witch who did a four year course in ugliness? She finished it in two.
#ROMNEY look like a coward wimpering in the corner. this is the best the GOP can cum up wit? Dis speaks volume either on da party of America
oh I'll be at the LA show. Was hoping to meet you.
RT : Impatience kills more dreams than failure. <-- small steps are huge.
its a 'okay'
trying to make everyone laugh because people are stressed about the AP exam tomorrow :)
S/O to making moves in this industry, follow him ASAP
cool. I don't want to read about it in the Maroon, I want to be an eye witness.
directors are heading over to next week to co-facilitate train-the-trainer faculty workshops.
Here come outraged Packers fans attacking Ryan Grant for not being loyal to the state of WI even though he is a FA and we haven't signed him
Streaming Media West - online video, encoding, transmission, etc... videogeekdom.
So I have #99problems that sang stuck in my head. Guess I should listen to it the hehe
James has been nominated for "Best Guitarist" on the Project Backstage Midwest Music Awards! Thank you all for the nomination!
I was going write up a blog post espousing the evil of 'pink slime', but I decided to grill up some sausages instead
grind time
P90X Chest and Back and Ab Ripper X tonight!
#My10FavoriteMusicVideo gucci this gucci that omg girlz, hello mindless behavior, magic future,the motto young money ....
Definitely. Almost hit six tipsy 'leprechauns' while driving today.
So relieved that is live tweeting the tebow press conference.
#20ThingsAboutMe 16) My family comes first then my boyfriend
“: Guess I couldn't have been any more wrong about Game 2 being a wake up call to the #Flyers.” // Same. ::sigh::
Thanks for the support! :)
Ugh bad day
Heh. I meant an actual photo.
hunger games? Avengers?
Everyone says 'time is money' but the reverse is just as important. Anyone wish you didn't have to make money so you could enjoy your TIME??
Im not matching at all today! Oh well, idc ;)
I suddenly find myself the proud owner of cowboy boots. Hilarious pictures soon to follow.
NIN is my default 3d modeling band.
ok, but no promises. Once my motor gets running, it has a mind of its own
You can do it, Beth!
I've always been nice to everyone, so if I don't like a certain person.. There's a reasonable answer as to why I don't like them
Welcoming aboard to our newest members: Melodie,tee305, dsapple, missnolan and Jackie.
Awhh you are so sweet!! :)
#LetsBeHonest Twitter is only fun when people retweet you.
haha. I like how my torso is really long. And 's head is really big. And you're just perfect. #asusual :)
The #TeenLifeLIVE Community Service Fair is today from 12-4PM at the Chestnut Hill Mall! Be sure to stop by!
Education is the civil rights issues of our generation.
Did your children’s sleep patterns change as they grew? (And are you awake right now?)
That's what the characters call it in the play.
way to jump on you rock! (stefan)
Anyone hosting an #edcamp near them this weekend?
I love that song! Especially while it is raining here in the D. RT #NowPlaying "To The Rain" by Adele
Of course! Always happy to help out with local events :) Especially when they're delicious!
It's okay!
Congrats to on being our 1000th follower. He'll get a cd, 7" vinyl, sunglasses, and some free downloads. 1500 here we come!
Doing homework because, well, I'm being forced to.
R.I.P. Dick Clark...You brought so much joy to the world through your love of music...May your spirit soar forever in the heavens!!!
Gym time!
Had the awesomest time at my school dance ;) <3
Happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful strong women in the universe. You are the mothers of MATTER. You are needed, wanted, and loved.
Hey thanks!....all over the place this week.
What business school gives us more than anything is the attitude of solving problems and finding opportunities that are not so obvious.
my eye hurts too much
some cameras have that option. Not any of mine -- yet!
we're living in parallel universes.
I used to like #oomf alot but all those feelins went down the drain!!!
Clementine St has some great blocks near the El. A couple in need of help by Frankford Ave & that's what is for!
I think I may see that baseball movie with brad pitt. Just to support the man I lost my dream virginity to
Dreamin Wit the Lights On....#PureGenious!!!
checked your work. Looks amazing. Thanks for the follow. Following back.. Xoxo :)
my sister and I want to meet you! I really hope we get the chance! Bring on March 6!!!
I'm fairly confident there is a crop circle in the middle of this #LSU and #Arkansas game.
The next generation of DNS services is at Interop - Comodo booth
Hankism #8: Your competition is working while you are at rest. Bring me to your team as a partnering CFO sleep can wait.
I just coughed so hard that my heart skipped a beat 3 times!
Funny thing of the day: Hearing an older, male professor say, "I always just call those 'hair pretties'" regarding ponytail holders.
Tea's flavenoids are responsible for it's reputation for good health. Antoixidant, anticarcinogenic & prevent free radical damage, to boot!
My weekly tip... If your waiting an extra long time to use the bathroom and a man comes out, let the next person in line deal with his funk.
Zeitler not a pulling guard, better prospect is Silatou IMO
Losing your voice a week before your show...
go for anansi boys. It is less to understand and a lot more fun to read. Less of an opus more of a good time
There are 30 stories on the first page of Hacker News, every one of them is Steve Jobs.
that's what everyone keeps telling me...
Yes! Sounds like a great plan :)
Looking forward to Filming on Wednesday!
Corporate finance has taught me well: amortizing my study time over the course of the day, in between Hulu and meals.
... Dreams that are powered by Love, fueled with Prayer, and driven by God cannot fail. ~ Shelly Mecum
This is awesome! HAHA
Florida Presidential Debate!
a very old kind
OwnX Technologies & PCM/Image-Tek team up @ #GOA2012 in booth 337 to show comm. quality digital label printing/finishing systems
Will never take my index finger for granted again.
do ever come to connecticut?
I'll only have about 1.5 hours between when I get home and the start of Sabbath tomorrow. Meal is 1 hour after that.
Oh my goodness!!! They should've at least gotten some that fit. Guess you could slip into one leg like a sleeping bag .. haha.
He's self-deporting.
It's been a very emotional 30 hours for me. I had to make a very tough decision to physically leave people I love!
Not going to lie, certain noises mar me pretend dinosaurs do exist right now. I just close my eyes & imagine a brontosaurus.
When does Bowman start blaming his personnel moves?
In Hoc my brother.
-- that's what I need today
I just met multi-year #ImagineCup winner at #Windows8STC 2012 #Germany Finals. Blog interview coming ASAP!
Much Respect goes out to the Nuggets. They are 1 high level 2 guard away. Look forward to seeing them grow.
Can NOT wait till Graduation... (:
Are you a Bike Club member? If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for Check the newsletter for details.
scramble with friends is way cooler than words with friends
Disruptive innovation? Find an unlikely area of opportunity & make small changes to existing solutions
Anything you fully do is an alone journey.
About to take a shower, lay down, then Z
because were gonna make giant dinasaur chicken nuggets and kick people :)
Not sure why I felt it necessary to run to the grocery store for Nutella at 10pm.
For the record I know its pneumonia not ammonia lol. I'm bout to get some soup and take a long shower bath
That's what happens when your customer-base is dying off at the speed of sound.
Visited Gatlinburg and saw mirror mazes, outdoor mazes, laser tag, and mini golf. What's your favorite attraction in touristy areas?
its room full of niggas what u following me 4!!!! S/O THE WEEKEND AND FRANK OCEAN, VERY TALENTED ARTIST
4 more follower <3 you guys are amazing
I'm So Happy It's Your Birthday Tomarrow!(: Hope It's Greaat!
Thanks, dont forget about our promos: 15% online delivery on weekends and free small coffee drink evryday after 3pm
What comedy used to be to thursdays, sex is to sundays.
Record 1,364 Entries Accepted for 2012 U.S. Women&#39;s Open
Hope that txplant shows up soon.
He's doing great! “: break a leg at ur #NABshow2012 panel!”
Before I made it to work, I stopped by my polling precinct and
Very excited to be part of the promotional team from LA for MDW with the best team!
dts real #salute needed to hear dat
Blessed to be awake another day.
Honor= honesty, fairness and integrity Courage= the quality of mind or spirit enabling a person to face difficulty, danger, pain, w/o fear
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Wishing you a great day, full of sunshine and excitement!
follow me & ill buy you an ice cream ~
I love first friday
What the fuck was that???
59 followers n decreasing-TWITTER, he have a problem
#JustPromiseMe i will have the chance to get married one day.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
the feelings mutual boo boo <3
Finished the run tonight and I'm absolutely beyond exhausted. This is an amazing, draining show.
Majority of my past is a mistake and I'm still learning from those mistakes, But I can proudly say my daughter wasn't one! <3
Check out Dance Happens Inc. FREE dance classes
dislikes all south siders
Let's stay cautious #Pens fans, but gotta know we've got all the momentum, our goalie has mojo back, and fan support.
- I assure you that DC is not handling this snow better then anyone, anywhere.
try it, so good. Like an orgasm in your mouth!
Mark your calendars...it's less than a month away...Paco's 11-1-11...will you be there? Spread the word.
Life is great - I can't stop smiling! Congrats on the book deal!
I told you we knew each other when we were little.! Haha.(:
Big Mac w/ Fries FTW :x
Take five shots- blow dry hair, take five shots- straighten hair, take five shots- apply make up, take five shots-get dressed.
Spend my whole day with a lot of my family it was the best!(: I love my crazy family to death<3 #GoodDay♥
I can't sleep for shit.
This teacher in the mourning yelled at me and my sister "BE ICONIC!!!"
we're overdue.
#IUsedTo hate bieber..
Do you yawn in your sleep?
80's Night Every Wednesday at Amber!!
study time oh yes
RT I will always want to shop no matter what time it is.
I want an Android version!
Who manages international conflicts of laws? Legislative efforts trail, don't keep up with the conflicts.
Give to !!! RT I guess Ali has to be a winner OF Torrey wins the bet.
I want a (hot) gay bestfriend.
I'm sorry you have to go through some of this shit. Not all Reds fans are assholes.
Interesting that actual indie bands don't often seek out the 501c3. What's it about theater and theater artists that make them?
can u plz follow me
I almost tweeted instead of haha
feels so great to do good in school
yea RIP me
Off to see the wizard.
do that then I gotchu.
Happy Birthday!! Hope it's a great one!
13days of school left, hell yeahh.
Cute movie night with the girls and the babe! <3
Its 7:11am and im still awake cant sleep
Probably just gonna pass out for a good couple hours 💤✌
don't ask questions that don't need to be ask Jordan of course
Hahahaha I'll make sure to properly inform everyone next time ! Lol
Thanks sweetie!
Dirks going H.A.M
If by "nouvelle" you mean "white trash," then yes. Surely wine with cream of mushroom soup would explode the universe.
Ask me questions anything so bored done packing ask me question!!! (:
": stop drinking!">lol brain busted!! Deep thought
#dhtrial something mentioned about telling jury if we have enough time I think.
Stop changing your icon, it's like you're trying to kill me or something.
Another long day... Just getting home after a somewhat frustrating night
LOVE it! Just posted your pic to our FB:)
Everett, MA now has an after-school music program. I am happy to be part of the team creating the project Youth Making Music Together.
next time one of us is gonna hold you down...that sounded wrong too o.o
=/ iono ... its possible! LOL i really have NO clue.
#Kobe (nuff said)
yo HAPPY BDAY bro!! I'll hit u & Ant up once I get back to Vegas, let's go bowling or somethin!! Congrats on the new spot too!
in color-correction phase one of the last phases to a completed project.
All we are saying is give peace a chance- John Lennon..I luv dis quote so much!..Ever1 who reads dis and agrees follow me...Peace and Love:)
well i had a bday and every fan of get a happy bday tweet i did not and feel ignored...i just wish he wud notice me!! 143 ??
My brother just farted so loud i thought the Rapture was starting. (But it was just the rupture lolz)
haha I'm on a training workout right now but it's only been a week so nothing new yet....! I'm pushing though! lol
IKR...I'm trying to be careful....have you watched ABDC...sorry to switch subjects
very evident in their lackof rebounding.
We haven't been yet...haven't been in 3 years! Heading the opposite way (to Hawaii) next week but maybe when we get back.
Today $10 buckets and free pool!
Bob? RT : Jim Pendergraph confirms to supporters he'll challenge Bob Pittenger in a runoff...
LMFAO GO BACK IN MY CLOSET.
10 minutes till the show!!!
Flammable and inflammable mean the same thing? Since when? Well, off to the ER, I guess.
Urghh I'm so jelly of samara right now! Her boyfriend is flying in tomorrow...LUCKY ASS! I wish I could see my boyfriend!:(
Thank you! Yes I'm doing well! How about you? Olympics coming up but can't compare to Vancouver!
feeling like doing seafood style tomorrow nite at least the things im going to need is going to be cheap
bahbah-scream is my personal fave.
lmao oh wow um idk wht to say to that ...
Zero to extremely busy in 60 seconds
thanks man! Please tell your bros is you like it we need more likes on FB!!
Lol.... New number come out 2morrow, but its exclusive; so only a hand full can get'em.... Bids go in now. Dnt miss out. Lol
oh for sure(: love him!
At 's legislative XML training today. Thanks to our host ! Tag for event today is
Wish I could see him! RT : Just saw as Magic Johnson in "MAGIC/BIRD". He was AWESOME!!!
Got that jet life tee
You were awesome yourself great job RT : Thanks for letting me host your show in Atlanta! I learned a lot from you.
I'm doing great! I'll be in NY next month but no NJ. How are you?
Thank YOU! it was a great meeting. Can't wait for #Baltimore's membership committee meeting on Wednesday. :-)
Someone is singing 's song at karaoke. Not okay
How wonderful! We are so glad to be part of your meals!
sad songs and crazy goodbyes hopeless days and sleepless nights without you, oh whoa, without you ...i just made that up...awkward
follow (if you don't already ) he once played onstage with Prince
Sunday night means thinking about the work week ahead - what are you going to do this week to make your business boom?
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most clever, but the one most responsive to change.
Dined at Iron Fish in far West End tonight. Good food & service, not so good for prople with food allergies. Best=Brio's Stony Point.
Can't wait for tomorrow. Last time we meet at the High School. Expecting great things.
Everything at Sports is half off tonight! Remember, cover is only $5 for every two people!
I know, right? I'm thinking bb got himself a girlfriend who finally convinced him of how attractive he is when he dances.
why would it be?
Brazilian things we use! Bracelets, earrings ... I do not know! :) you can choose
hanging out with friends, eating brie, playing with
I got so drunk last night, idk if I'll be able to drink this weekend!
James needs to get an account up and going!
Haha, yeah. I also woke up at 10, so I think I would of been a tad late if a went.
Join the West Virginia Young Democrats on Feb. 15th at Adelphia Sports Bar & Grille from 5pm-8pm!
Econ of Counterfeit author Alan Zimmerman mentioned RT : Counterfeiting is big business accounting for between 5%-10% of global trade
I've got a crush on you<3
Pimpin ain't easy, but it's necessary!
Tightening the screws on the film today. If you will. E.T. screening in the cemetery tonight before final submission touches tomorrow.
people use SEM links navigatonally all the time...
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Bill Schroeder, who went 2-for-5 and hit a home run to start the five-run rally in the ninth!
Well, not exactly, but oh well. Still a great turnout.
A true man does not need to romance a different girl every night, a true man romances the same girl for the rest of her life. - Ana Alas
okay good. I'm trying to do better.
Awesome time playin the Loop, can't wait for the next show at The Middle East Corner on Monday the 26th
DISCOVER more about Church this Sunday. Discover class from 4-7pm at Ambassador Presbyterian in Apex! Dinner provided!
I love charts! Trying to figure out how to get this one on my wall by my desk :)
Now onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Ray Ellin
oh i HATE hearing/watching myself. i feel so stupid/awkward
Delight Me was grateful to hear innovative ways to inspire and engage patients thru social media at #smwhc today!
Love my heated seats!
then don't follow boring people!
I LOVE making Vancouver frustrated. You can see the riot in their eyes...
I'm so there.
hahaha okay! Omg shes so scary..... Im scared, shes gonna harrass us!!!
I swear it aint been a day since that damn baby gaga shit started on fb that i havent seen sumbdys preg progress
Absolutely I liked!! What's your email...I have a question for you.
Name to remember for tonight's draft: Chris Berman. He'll be the asshole annoying you for three hours.
Watching the burning plain such an amazing film but so depresing! omg
ew. im all alone with a man driver. im scared
Almost that time for me to go home and that my ass to sleep
Express Mani & Pedi is BACK for SUMMER!!!! ONLY $40
whoa;;kool-aid hit the spot!
I don't understand why some people are just such fucking idiots!
At for some din & vino with :)
The girl at albersons just eye raped me.
It is too bad you clowns don't report real news. No one takes you serious.
After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die
Mother's Day Wknd :FREE OIL CHANGE for single moms & Military wives on Sat. Gut-busting hysterics, gifts & cuteness on Sunday!
Why put Davis back in?
Tune in today at 5pm for another big ass concert annoucement. BAM!
2011 Giants - torture! (and not the good kind)
what card game are you playing?
lol..yes. education is sometims lacking!
This amber alert on tv hella sad
25% of all persons injured in DWI related accidents are age 21-24. MCC is doing a DWI reenactment of a fatal crash today at 12:30.
aww I feel so honored!
Reminder: if you say you're doing UX without Accessibility, you're not doing User Experience. You're doing something else
Checking out Miss Muffet Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre on this rainy afternoon... Light rain in background adds to the magic.
Tim Harrower: Newspapers are afraid to have FUN
I have no idea. I'm so done with it
Seeing snow flurries out my window? I just want the warm weather!
+1 RT : If you want to get work done, turn off Facebook and turn on John Coltrane.
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities". Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey, congrats on being Twitchyed!
on the new gig! (Although Vertex, my alma mater, must be sad!)
Tupac & Biggie >>>>> any other rappers .
I'm sorry for your site frustrations. I have sent an email w/information on our backup policy and resolution suggestions. ^CB
My new favorite place to eat is Kabab Hut on Balt. Nat. Pike.....the food is amazing!
and i miss you i'll be back. just have to make it through this semester
Thanks for the share!
Watching "The O'Reilly Factor" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I like the extra company in the mornings. Trish Murphy in the house. #KUOWPledge 206-543-9595...and thanks!
Hospitality Design Magazine awards Crystal first-ever cruise Design Award - Travel Daily News International
At the #dclupuswalk with 1000s of other purple ppl!
A thank you
#RIPSwiftyStephanie just close your eyes, the sun is going down, you'll be alright, no one can hurt you now </3 you will be missed.
already followed that one. have a good night take care
Stop being in denial.
Thanks for your support!
In other news, the Ying Yang Twins played a frat party at Elon this weekend. It's a long, hard fall off the billboard charts.
lets see what you can do... lets talk in the next few days!
If you are a mahomie or not you should go buy 11:11 on iTunes this song is so awsome I love it
Skies are not cloudy, the sun is around, don't you want to be in the 70s the 70s
I never get tired of looking at ur amazing body!!!
Angrey in the booth always makin hits we runnin like a factory over here follow us
libraries may not, but library orgs (a la DPLA) might. Without a parent institution $$ needs to roll in somehow
“: RT : The #Titans have released fullback Quinn Johnson”
The strength of the heart comes from the soundness of the faith. Saudi Arabian Proverb
My body is numb but tingling. Petrified.
oh come on man you're better than that. ryan dunn died this summer.
Smoking a Coronado by La Flor.
We can't wait for both of you!
I'm gonna cry over SPN. I know it. They will make me cry. They always do.
when I saw you and the boyz on ABDC, me and my friend bayleigh literally started jumping up and Down and started screaming! Ily!
Where i come from, the pine trees are singin' the song of the south :)
Creativity, collaboration, and accomplishment
I literally cannot explain how unbelievable today was...
Does that include the percent who do not have phones? Not that 59% is unreasonable
Flo Rida has me convinced that I'm a wild one.
i have no idea you raunchy prostitite
Irving Wallace~ To be ones self and unafraid whether right or wrong is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
Who was the scariest boss you had to face in the Resident Evil games? ^NN
Still hating packing with a passion.
Check out some of our #Experis #recruiters in #Milwaukee!
Happy friday the 13
Thx for following all
The spot ,,, and the man for education in WI ...
Thanks for the love, lady!
Right back at you cousin! Miss you as well! RT : love you man!
HOLY FUCK. WHEN IS THE SILYMI DATE FOR SAN DIEGO?! I'M GOING TO FUCKING CRY. OMG.
Hey you lovely followers, I hope you all had a very Merry Christmas & a great New Years! I'm back from my trip & ready to work on new stuff!
Oh My God! You were a beast out there! It was crazy
I was wrong about it all along
$47.38, the estimated production budget for that video. I am not sure I truly bought into the "story arc" or "love interest"
U know it man. And u better rep #Texas gear proudly.
The vomiting cold-open was BRILLIANT.
I hear that JC. Hipsters annoy me! And I liked Bon Iver's performance.
ah how nice.. well we drive on the right side of the road..
Trying to find a link to a vid of doin' that faux Guy Ritchie flick from LOL.
One more thing, I am happy to be another set of eyes for you if you like.
True colors come out wen u mad n wen u drunk
Who has two thumbs and caught her hit hair straightener between her bare knees? If you guessed me, you'd be correct :/
Hey guys! Send me your email address. Want to send you an invite to a party at next week!
Cespedes will get signed by the Cubs or Marlins, because they'll pay the most for a centerfielder
Doc will work his magic at halftime and Celtics will shut down the Highlight Factory shortly after halftime.
If u see Josh Barfield....buy him dinner....and a drink or two...the guy wants to gain weight!!
lets just say when girls jump up and down....i like it....lmaol
The mid week bump is here! #Wednesday you are my friend, here to wrap up the week :)
Purpose of marketing is to meet human needs profitably.
Mental note: Need to remember to actually eat on my lunch break! I think someone left a couple chicken legs in the office fridge *mwahahaha*
Arizona needs Murray St. to beat Tenn St..... Bubble Busters...
that's not it. But good to keep in mind.
Unleash him! RT : Join the movement: RT to
Welcome to our learning chat. Please start by introducing yourself and what you'd like to gain tonight.
#Shoutout to all the women who wear they panties so tight they kitty cat can't breath
You are the univers girl
Thanks for your support. We appreciate it!
Thanks for the #FF Love. Enjoy your weekend. I hear it's gonna be nice!
Done with smilers right now..
Wrapping up #WCR Governing Board meeting. Looking forward to a great lunch with mortgage panel.
Iced coffee+grey line map French terry trousers rolled up+ tank top= fantastic day NY We heart you!
PLEASE BE OPEN TOMORROW!
Im always there for people when they need me but its never the other way around.
LFC is coming to the states this summer!!!!! Dear god please come to the DC area! May be hard to travel with a new infant!!!
"It's not about the beer ... it's about the beer..." RIP, Don Younger. You will be missed.
tHank you to my FANS
RT : #demopit is in full swing Many companies represented.
Thank you! ": thanks for the follow I love me some #DunkinDonuts!"
idk just cause
Learn your place.
Hey look! Just got a new follower....ha!! Btw I can use a new beanie!!!
Watching The Padawan Menance with little man for the 12th time. Lego+star wars = comic genius
If I now use my Twitter account for work purposes, do I have to stop cursing and tweet about more than bad traffic, weather and redwings?
didn't know old 21 jump street was funny thought it was a serious show????
Happily just cancelled my Netflix account!!! Who doubles their prices in a recession?
Chris Brown - Turn Up The Music i like is song to
I feel the samee way I'm bouta go to a Massage place lol ..
Pressing on, forgetting what lies behind. The foolish, weak people in the world will be used to humble the wise & strong. Who are you?
20 more analogies!
Why does everyone have a bonfire right now and I'm laid up in bed?
agreed sir.
the girl with kaleidoscope eyes
Hello delbius please help my friend Her account is suspended right now. thank you her account is
12 hour work day coming to an end. please let there be no traffic on 85, or u might see a brother do something very unlibrarianlike.
At this GOAP party. Thanks to for all the hard work!!
i will
I sold a Vespa at the Portland Auto Show! Woohoo! Ok, now where' s my commission?
Every time I watch Intervention, I secretly hope the druggie will O.D.
How long does it take a nigger bitch to take a shit? 9 months.
told me that he get his dreads done by lil wayne
thanks for the mentions, #JAM2012 is in full swing!
Bosh just watchin the game 2nite
Allison leaves lasting impression on her family
#HeavyEquipment sounds like fun RT LOL I have a shovel, the ground is too hard though! I'm thinking some heavy equipment
": Rhianna acting now huh ... Bitch lol" you a hater lol
Damn Gorgi just can't get it going
alright, i got you
I can't watch that sweetheart. I just want to drive over & start organizing/tossing/sanitizing
Bionic is good indeed. Green's my color. I think they make KTTape in that color.
I took 's advice - its all steel cut oatmeal now... and it's fantastic.
we are waiting for U 😜😍
morning coffee, news, some bible then off to work in the kibbutz. those that messaged me i will hit you back today (GMT+2). great day!
Ma girl just got her Twitter page rock she need sum #followers >>>>>>>> #ff #teamfollowback show her how we roll
I have a ton of new info to process courtesy of the
is that true?
y'all r always off! Lol. I wish we got some time off. This wknd was the most I've been off in a long time.
has problems
Bored in the house been sleep allday
I will never for the life of me understand the male race.
with age comes appreciation for such things
THX for the Blog comments, enjoyed your thoughts as well. We do start with empty buckets and then fill them. THX again,
dont be insecure ! ownn those fat rolls !
It's Tuesday. Make the most of it!
The inability to CC people on emails epidemic is striking hard, of late. We can weather the storm together, guys! One click at a time.
nerds are more talented than this “: This Super Bowl halftime event looks like the talent show from Revenge of the Nerds.”
Nina Simone's signature tune, "My Baby Just Cares for Me." Did you know it was written for the 1930 musical... fb.me/1fGDe8IqE
Godspeed, little doodle.
I'm about to be 30 I can't be like those basketball wives with this stuff
Omw to #Work probably another 12 hour shift
A's game at work? Awesome.
You might be lonely but not literally alone :-)
did you see anyone in concert this month?
Amazing dinner at Boundary Road last night. So happy for Brad, Sarah and the rest of the crew!
Mitt Romney was a bully at 18 and a dog abuser at 36
yes I am #bits haha take me food!
how awesome would thy be if he came to ACL!
BETTY DRAPER IS FAT. Who thought we would ever see the day.
My website, www.bizvertizing.com, is near completion. Check it out!
3 days off with the exception of a lame ass meeting.
Is taking a creative writing class this semester. Will this class be the impetus for that inner Pulitzer-Prize-writing-self?
Bringing up a family should be an adventure, not an anxious discipline in which everybody is constantly graded for performance. --Milton R.
God night at Rustys tonight lot o fun karaoke
